Most common words for this cluster:
[('account', 557), ('twitter', 119), ('accounts', 57), ('bank', 35), ('facebook', 20), ('youtube', 17), ('com', 16), ('spam', 15), ('name', 13), ('jonasbrothers', 12), ('fake', 12), ('http', 12)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'account', 0.9041121602058411), (u'accounts', 0.7431952953338623), (u'Cincoarmstrong', 0.614142656326294), (u'follow_BarkBoard.com_via', 0.5959083437919617), (u'WE_WON_CANCELLED', 0.594540536403656), (u'acount', 0.5913805961608887), (u'Follow_I4U_News', 0.5869301557540894), (u'Follow_@_boomskie', 0.5802724957466125), (u'twitter.com_kobradovich', 0.5795773267745972), (u'Follow_@_tracyclarkflory', 0.5741862654685974)]





some1 hacked my account on aim  now i have to make a new one
Has now gotten somebody to read his tweets, but cant get them to make an account. 
...but first the other workathlon: 3 sets of management accounts one after the other. 
@clarissa1017 why are you deleting your facebook account? 
forgot to sign out from my google account and my friend had his share of wickedness :O 
@spam - mikkey is back  - check out @kerimcinerney account
Just made this account to test of the http://herebeforeoprah.com site checks account creation date. It does not 
@OfficialDylan aww you dont have a youtube account? now youtube is gonna be less fun wiothout you 2! 
@JoshuaHering sorry, my twitpic account has been suspended 
@trackademicks/mommy did someone hack into your account? Even though its a quote, I've never heard you use that word... i don't think 
@EmpressEricka I have a skype account but it is not installed on this machine 
@questlove hey questlove, how come you deleted your myspace account? 
no zombie twitter accounts are following me 
i will be glad when these twitter tech people fix my account 
@danaseverance sadly, I ended up emptying my bank account for photoshop 
disregard those last updates, my account was hacked into 
just cancelled my dreamhost hosting account. a little piece of me just died 
creating a twitter account 
being forced to create a twitter account 
iTunes Store disabled my account because I have no prove of my billing address...sad... Not more songs/movies purchasing... 
@hellomuller yup i see what you mean now.. but it wont authorise my second account 
@twtr_gator working on a twitter project and doing my company accounts 
Really need to re-organize my flickr account -.- not amused 
why is my twitter account being so quiet?  does it not like me anymore?? 
Having a lonely twitter account 
i just fucked up all the tags on entries before the first of this year in my lj. if i had a paid account, this wouldn't have happened. 
@danielthepoet  On both accounts
Having problems with my facebook account  ...I can't login!
have consolidated tabs onto one browser. can't consolidate gmail accounts, though. 
@AaronGallery not too great, I need to crunch in more numbers to my bank account to enjoy it more, 
@mr_warz  bad centrebet account.
I want my MileyWorld account already  I've been waiting forEVERRR!
A bit hacked off that hundreds of tweets from my @grublog account are still missing 
who cancel my account 
I am going to have to start a new DVDaf account 
@ahenry I just put up an account for my dad's band, put in my name as the administrator for the band, now its like I have an account 
I think I'll play around with my dreamwidth account more when I have time... will have to go soon 
I cleaned out my followers. I was slightly sad to find out that 6 were just spam accounts. 
@acoffinyoursize I was going to buy it today!  Then my bank account told me that I exceeded my limit 
Just discovered if you append interesting words to twitter url, most of them are people who grabbed that account but never update 
awww #woo.sh isn't linked to one's twitter account. A separate registration is needed which is a bummer 
@AndySmurf well ill do a giveaway on them. but you have to have a us itunes account for them  , they are redeem codes so like an giftcard
that was stupid.  cos I know you don't have a twitter account 
just made twitter account! don't really undersatand now 
Hating spam twitter accounts. I get an email that someone is following me only to find out they're a spam account 
wish i had enough extra $ to reactivate my netflix account 
@hendrata01 didn't realize you delinked your account... 
some of those are inbound and some are outbound.  All for/from the same user account which has been hacked 
@missyemig im with you with the bank account business 
@mrlowesadvice I appreciate it a lot....other account was suspended 
TeamNiley deleted her account?! no! why? 
Just set up twitter account! but have no friends  lol
I miss my plurk account 
my other twitter account won't update  #BringTaraBack
I have a twitter account!   i have no friends though 
@linnetwoods I've been wondering the same thing :S I just noticed that she deleted her account  ....
can't log in to my other twitter account. super bummed 
finally going to let my host reset my account. so scary 
@nartlee My original account was @rhondatan but it's gone now!  I changed the O to a zero!
@andrewbeaton You still need one apparently  (for a free account)
@channel4film @ElectricBham set up an account the other day, but no posts as of yet 
@chrishutchinson i have no idea, it was probably wednesday, like i've dropped it or it's been knicked, but account is now empty 
@angellah I spend them as I go, so I don't actually have 1M in my account. 
anyone have the tiorted password they could share? i don't feel like creating an account for this... they changed it last game  #redwings
@SwiftPick  i suspected that but i was told she had two but did think it was a fake account when it only had 250 followers tutut 
ugh.just started an account and cant figure it out...help  im so confused.
@jbfan10101 I know, right!? I wanted to have an account there so I could get that song, but mom wouldn't let me.. It sucks 
@anzmoneymanager just logged in - the extra account is still missing 
@daddysangel0508  aww i sorri your account got hacked  but im remove you from my friends i dun like hackers havin access to my account
@iAlejandro - why did you close your youtube account? 
I'm officially locked out of my flickr account 
@mako77 Account is suspended due to the email notification blast, as I started approving unapproved comments  ..waiting for there response
@agz21 omg i cant access that page. need premium account. 
just deleted my other account... @robstenrox 
Finally got a red star on ebay for reaching 1000 feedback.!  Would of been 100% feedback too if my account wasn't hacked last year 
@MickyFin I gave up on ebay so long ago.. I had a perfect account too. 
is re-checking my bank account for mistakenly deposited millions.... still not there 
and i have $13 dollars in my bank account  fml
i'm jobless and have $13 in my bank account 
@FannishInc Yay for the smiling,  for the bank account.
having issues with facebook account... 
my favorite sexy tumblr account is gone 
I have finally given in and signed up for a personal twitter account 
poosticks! whatever magic setting was on my bank account for the last so many years to clear cheques instantly is seemingly gone 
@mmkerr . I'm trying to get my boyfriend to make a twitter account as well, but he thinks it's stupid 
@mmkerr I'm trying to get my boyfriend to make a twitter account as well, but he thinks it's stupid 
@aplusk hey, I apologize!  my daughter got into my account and was sending out links to promote my novel.  it was not me and I'm sorry!  
I signed up for an account on a political website so I could post a comment but it isn't working. 
@WoWInsider I would be playing my old rogue but a friend took the account and could not get it back 
@DarynJones Your youtube account is down. 
@sideone yeah, I much prefer tweetdeck but if you must have multiple accounts 
@rogiertje just checked my account I also paid twice 
I just filled out the forms to stop contributing to the retirement account i had set up with my employer  I have to pay off my credit card
anyone else having a problem accessing their account info on the istore?  i cant buy music and cant look at my account 
@Trillian711 I had an account at a local comic store that I ran to 4k  at one time
i get a message that my account is suspended as far as i know i haven't violated any terms contacting twitter now.. 
@vasilly thanks.  I'm self so I don't see the &quot;my Account&quot; area.  I'll have to dig deeper it seems 
Only $35 left in my bank account. I am a very sad panda. 
I just cancelled my friendster account. 
i wish i had more money in my paypal account 
@vicicasas Only got a silver account. 
i think i got my ebay account suspended 
I just joined.I forgot my previous account info. 
@mileycyrus I was wondering if you had a facebook account =/ or are all those people just posers 
Is kris allen's account really all fake? 
unpleasant surprise, user complains about the library twitter account twits and reply. This thing is very tricky 
really need to get me an netbook for times like these... constantly logging in and out of my google account 
@nmseq he dont have any twitter account. 
Just checked a certain somebody's account on here - still suspended - I would have took bets that he was the real deal.   
@wakoopa The points are stuck again in my account!! 
@dragonflye17  they're not together?  saw the picture from this my space account  http://tinyurl.com/l5tfyd
@AnnetteStatus  i did on another account but it didn't doo so well  it's still there i just stopped a month ago, i got to ep 8.
@sthrnfairytale I was. That twitter account got spammer-hacked. I had to start a new one. 
I can't seem to upload a new pic to my account. 
@crystal Can you explain to me what am I supposed to do when changing the account pic? please........ 
So many good twitter names are taken by accounts that just sit dormant 
I'm pretty sure I just destroyed my twitter account's ability to have a profile picture.  I hope I can fix it... I want my wolves back.
argh how do i link this yoke to my bebo account! 
@ChariceManiacs ohh i see there are a lot of fake accounts sigh 
To those of you who follow me on cattyson . . . my account has been suspended  someone hacked into my account.
great i wasnt watchin my account and overdrew the account shoot gotta transfer funds lol 
@kspidel I hate when tweetdeck freaks out. It doesn't recognize your private account so I can't add it to any groups 
@Geldreform ok. my @EmmanuelGadenne twitter account is suspended  Now EmmanuelGadenne is available on @emgad
damn. I lost my @mordecai account to someone else. that was fast 
I made a new account since I can't log in to my old twitter 
@santoshp that's limited to 1 domain per account  and for every account you need to have a unique Credit card number
@mayhemstudios I actually deleted a fledgling account because of too many of those spam followers 
i dont have an account 
just transferred my entire savings account into my checking account to pay for rents and pet deposits and bills 
@josiebell_ i just replied to your comment, stupid cpanel won't let me log in + i'll lose them all when i get my new account 
I wish I have LOOKBOOK account 
@duhale okay so the guy with the rexft account had the same login as I did... And it died. 
I already signed up for google's wave preview but haven't received my account info 
@punchdouble it asked me to create an account. 
i should posting photo more to my facebook account, but to tired to resizing it now 
@tojoha1 new account cause old one got hacked  http://www.youtube.com/user/EightyProductions
@kmcooley I tried to get an account w/ @socialScope but I could never get one 
I want to play PokerStars again but I dont exactly remember my account info. 
Just spent the last hour reseting ALL of my passwords and account information  Having your technological life stolen sucks LOL
@anticipating I got so much random spam bounced back to my catch-all account which apparently were all sent by me. 
I was just followed by about 500 spam accounts. 
Why did someone steal my gmail account? 
got a new facebook account because this one is hacked  find me and add me! delete this one!
Account hacked once again..... 
*sigh* so much twitter-spam accounts popping up 
@tonitv ?confused? @jacehall just blocked my twitter account? 
is RGamethi a live account no more? 
i think my account has been blocked............ bumer 
therealsuri's account was suspended? 
@SnowWrite it is unfortunate that clients don't pay invoices often enough for you to be considering factoring accounts receivable... 
Trying to sign back into twitter - had to create a new account 
@BenjaminEllis Noooooooooo, I just clicked that link and deleted my spymaster account   I was on level 12 too!!  Grrrrrrrr
100 Followers!! Yay!!....... now to delete the all fake accounts 
It's sad but true that logging on with a domain admin account gives you *far* too much power over other unrelated machines 
My bank account got hacked into and people took mad money....  depressing
almost reaching my flickr normal account storage limit - worried. a bit too costly to upgrade 
facebook account has been disabled 
@Fazerella; this. is. shit. won't let me bloody update a photo! deletes my account....................... 
@DaniiHeartsLiLy i know they're still online,just rarely go there.yea chace make his account private now and i don't have him 
@MOMmagRocks cant view http://timslaw.ca it says the account has been suspended 
@kristenstewart9 It says the account is deleted. 
@pambaggett bummer!  did you search for the site you are looking for? if you have a google account, it may have your search history.
spymaster has been denied access to your twiter account 
@LucasCruikshank check your fred youtube account, I guess you had about 8,000 untrue fred fans so far... 
i'm soooo sad!!!!!! @therealsuri got suspended!! that was the best account on twitter   
@morganb I'm following your @blownmortgage account on twitter but it contains nothing but links that I can't view 
@KlownDogg I'm not evengetting my replies...I should delete my account 
my deviantart paid account has expired 
My spymaster account is suspended 
@urbanfly  have youused this? seems to not read your accounts for you ... 
i dont want a new account, i want my old one 
@helloimdiana hahaha heck yusss..yo.ur bank account is soooper lucky...more than I can say for mines. your lucky you don't have a gf. 
@joshuagabie it will not work at all on that account. 
@nathanrdotca ooc so twitter only let's you have one account per email... 
@richmunnich i was on ustream...but i need to get an account to see you broadcasting 
@mhisham i cant log into my account! 
@BellaKavner98 delete your link quick. It leads to my account. so sorry. 
tis is me sithu08!  i miss my old account.
I had to create an account to get info for school : I had to create an account to get info for school  http://tinyurl.com/ndjd62
Why is sewing more interesting than accounts 
I should have create that account year's ago, when my name was not choosen 
cleaning up my followers list. too many spam accounts there 
this is weird..now i don't even know which account to use 
@playspymaster I wasn't doing any shady business please reinstate my account 
@m3php sadly we all have to wait for accounts and access to try it all  
I just read that soon twitter accounts won't be for free 
@gavgavwaters me too shes following me and i also noticed that she has multiple account too 
NUMBERS!!! I never was a fan of numbers. I really don't like monthly accounts. 
@nadnut You are not the first. I hope they reply me what's wrong with my account 
I am trying to remember my twitter account info 
@delbius hi delbius. i replied you about my account suspension issue. kindly check it. I am dying without it.  request # 344961
I will update my new account very soon maybe tonight but right now I am bored 
@_dana_ Thing is the fake celeb accounts were clever &amp; amusing @FakeScreenActors, not so much 
@MikeFoden LOL.  @Uncyherb is gold for www.tweetingtoohard.com.  So is @lilylauren, but she's locked her account. 
@funkycoldmedina @ryanalam I clicked on it and idk what it did. It took over my account. I can't make it go away 
@Pitxi yep, i saw it.. it says add your bank account... but.. i also don't have one.. 
@wesabe thanks for looking. I'm re-creating the account from scratch now   Also, the whole original trans name doesn't show any more...
@ekolsky oops! the previous tweet went out from my other account! arrgghhh! the travails of maintaining multiple a/cs! 
someone hacked into my gmail account  all back to normal now
@__av__ darn...a spam account, is it? 
@Nahhhhhhh probably a good thing for my bank account... 
someone has been in my account! 
is losing his pass code.... cannot login to his account.... 
If you follow me please follow my brother{pilotmouse}..... I don't know why. You don't have to. He can't access his account 
getting tons of spam on #tagged, closing my account there 
@chicklet7 hey chic what hacks me off is I denied them access about 2 weeks ago but that hasn't stopped them using my account. Ah well 
@nsmith729 yes with the xrated user pic  it was horny kitty .. i bet she created 500 accounts n i blocked them all
she has deleted her account 
doing my accounts 
36 years old and I still can't handle a bleeeping bank account. $7.31 available balance.No dinner for me 
i don't know which one is leighton meesters real account? 
@kristenrandall i'm so broke    i overdrafted my account and now have 4 5bucks to my name!
I just deactivated my facebook account 
trying to set up this account but my pic won't load 
@StewartKris I'm so sorry about what happened to your other account... 
I have no access to my facebook account. It's stuffed up!  
so busy to open my twitter account! 
deleted my account from www.yaari.com because of the annoying updates they used to send me despite removing it from the setiings 
@jellybeansoup I could care less. I need the account number to my checking account so I can change my email on paypal. 
Dammit, The code is for US accounts only. I'm in no mood to create a new account 
@fergmaster I tried to be there but Blogtv wouldn't let me sign in with my acccount 
I might have to re-do my twitter account 
@mileycyrus hey just ask how many tweet accounts do you have !! im tired getting fooled pls im really tired !! of finding the real you 
@GoodTimesAreGon hey man sorry about ur 3 accounts you should really make new account i feel soooo bad 
@jonasbrothers ; your youtube account got suspended. 
@Jonasbrothers your youtube account was shut down!!!!!! 
@Jonasbrothers why is ur youtube account suspended 
We delted the Account we have together 
oh no! jobros youtube account has been suspended! 
@Jonasbrothers,, guuys! why your youtube account has been suspended?? 
@jonasbrothers   I hope you get your videos back up on your account  I'll be so sad if you don't.
now i'm sad because @jonasbrothers youtube account got suspended! it's not fair. stupid haters 
@mileycyrus tell nick that their youtube account got suspended  jonasbrothersmusic @jonasbrothers
the @jonasbrothers ' you tube account was suspended 
@Jonasbrothers how come your youtube account is suspended?!?! 
pretty sure my twitter account is hacked  I didn't write the last post about that fat loss
Has given up his wow account due to lack of funding 
@timoreilly Impossible to read without a facebook account 
@Jonasbrothers Hey guys... What's up with your youtube account?  
@Jonasbrothers is your youtube account really suspended? 
how come springsteen deleted his account?  i was hoping him and danny would start having wee conversations haha
@brookie8281 no i don't have an account 
why the **** can't i login in on my twitter account on multiple pc's? it's really starting to piss me off. 
my skype account has been hacked, now taking funds from my paypal account and skype not bothering to reply to my emails 
@jesssicababesss can you report her account? Lol i would but i'm not on the comp 
2 weeks ago as his twitter account @Compiversteher was hacked @GreenpeaceFan used simple HTTP 
Boyf has just found out that some thieving motherfunster has rinsed over a grand from his bank account. 
Trying to organize a secret party for hubby but it's hard when you share bank accounts  he's not on twitter thou so he'll never know
I lost my old twitter account 
@amandachoe wahhh if going over means shopping n mahjong..I WANTTTT...but cannot!! Need to finish my accounts!! 
@Lemomina can you check my photobucket account to se if is set private? people are eating my bandwith. 
@wearetheredsox i don't get it.  How many accounts do you have?
heyy my mom just deleted her account on twitter 
@DemiLovato398 I can't believe your account got hacked 
@pixelit i bet there are some blackhat tools that allow mass setup &amp; posting of/to twitter accounts &amp; tweeds. 
i just made my twitter account and was attacked my a bee  
is depressed cause her twin deleted her account, 
oh noes! just cancelled my dreamhost account. that webpage i haven't updated in a year is no longer available... 
But, when I try to set up a uservoice account for said product, 500 errors all around 
@scambern I have been meaning to set up my account for so loooonnngggg!  ...BUT no 
Just deleted my spymaster account  It was no fun anymore.. stupid no more levels
@chevale whatttt?! i cant believe it!  why would people report ur fb account?! it happened to ur friend too? 
@mileyycyrus_ hey y u don't talk to me on ur other twitter account @MileyyCyyrus ? 
working on populating this new account. @pipes isn't playing ball on updating who I follow (comes and goes and goes and goes and ...) 
pissed because of all the fake accounts here on twitter 
#dontuhateitwhen they block @soBOMB for make more #1 Bubble Tweets  I almost deleted my account
hmm, just started using twittter, i lost my other account 
took a screenshot of my bank account balance as of today! mamimiss kita! 
@Snickals Your account is set to private - I can't see your photos anymore. 
nooooo, my checking account balancee 
checking account &lt; credit card statement 
so frustrated with at&amp;t. customer service claims they can find no case record in the system for fixing cheryl's account. eta is now thurs 
Now that I've set a facebook username. I feel the pressure to clear my account of personal stuff and make it pure professional. 
Now that I've set a facebook username. I feel the pressure to clear my account of personal stuff and make it pure professional. 
@inmemory24 hey! I didn;t mean to tweet that. Thats nasty  It took over my account 
@michaelsarver1 maybe someone hacked into your account...? I don't know  wish I could help
I can not believe that I allowed myself to become so bored that I created an account here. 
@trellisaze oh emily.        i feel so bad for you.  stupid nz internet fraud!  are you still getting charges on your account?
I wish @destroytoday's DestroyTwitter had multiple account compatibility. 
humm... edubits twitter account already taken 
@alifeofourown I would but my mommy just paid $30 and now she's broke in her account. I'm sorry! 
i just got this account for 2nd time, 'cause i always forget my password. 
@Jamiology aww i'm sorryy   and failbook sucks. just email them and they'll give your account back 
@weshotthemoon heey! why you deleted me of your account? 
@RosieDManno In the beginning  I really didn't know the account was a fake. I have so many hate @replies. I hope u know I'm really sorry 
says my pro flickr account is about to expire  http://plurk.com/p/118gmm
@tblanchfield Thanks for the retweet, I just changed the account name though! 
@debdobson Thanks for the retweet, changed the account username right after that to reflect the direction we're going with this user 
trying to make an account for oceanup, but its not letting me  help?
WoW account froze.. 
now I need an apple account  grrr
@johnrutledge Unfortunately Ive seen details of this study &amp; they dont account 4 people already in fin. hardship b4 med probs  Biased
@FlyOne1 yes cause i dont got the funds in my cellie account i thought i did  they were cute too
Doing my accounts again.... 
just made my new twitter account, but i've got no friends yet... 
@pegasus507 hey...how are you?  i wanted to follow your account, but you blocked me   hope all is well peg...ttys?
I think facebook's still as good as twitter. I had account before but I forgot my user name 
doesn't know how to delete her bubblegumboom account... 
@audiotherapy again no good  maybe spam filter on your accounts or something...
I'm loving how my account is in the 4 digits right now but definetely won't be there for long 
@chicogarcia @neeech true.. that's why I haven't updated my multiply account for almost a week 
@msjconnolly that twitition you just posted... to sign it you need to put in your twitter account name AND p/w 
@orenmazor doesn't shwafia have a twitter account? How come I'm only hearing about this now? 
@starbucksapron did a search and i dont see your posts from this account 
@razorianfly Have you ever seen any spam coming from my account? I want to make sure, otherwise I'll have to change my password. 
@chadcampbell confirmed that total dns is not available via their delegated account access feature 
Yay for a 70 1/2 month account on Neopets. I miss my first account. 
Some body hacked my first bank online account 
Fuudge..  i went from being #1 on sales for my branch.. To number three     someone come open an account with me!
my blogtv account got deactvated 
@zombieassassin this is reddog187 I've been blocked from following @zombiemembers  on this account
@megmorris yeah...i never really used yahoo...i did use hotmail back when it was just starting out...sadly they deleted my account 
@jasonboche null is what your bank account is when you don't have any income 
Doesn't understand twitter and has had an account for a while! That's sad! 
@hrtdlovebrkn  want one of my accounts? if i can remember the password........
can no longer make fun of people who have a twitter account 
@popculturezoo I'm assuming that last one was at me, I would love to, and I love etsy (I have an acount) but I can only aford so much. 
@moradae I suppose making my account private is my only choice because this marketing crap is getting out of hand. 
not able to open my google account  
@vincent_maher I can't leave a comment on your blog because I don't have an account so I can't log in 
someone deleted @astridfeliciano  new account! 
WTF! i just got a warning from my photobucket! almost reached the limit  do you girls have a photobucket pro account????
I officially hate accounts... imma fail for it.. for sure.. 
@laperugina dunno what happened perugina! maybe twitter deleted my account! they usually do that only if you are spamming! i feel guilty 
@lollipop26 she was getting bullied  she was crying in her last video.  has she deleted her account?
@janliz Where you have put your account name/password in to needfollowers.. they are using your account to spam 
is neglecting her twitter account.  http://plurk.com/p/11m4sp
@tweetsforniki hey, I hate when you log into things with twitter and they post to your account 
my hotmail account is SCREWED UP 
just deleted 4,000 emails from my gmail account took 3hrs!  3,878 to go... 
' bank account is negative $118... 
just contradicted his anti conformist stance by having a twitter account. 
...on my twitter account so im gonna cancle my account today...later everyone 
@lotusrockstar will try as soon as i can - looks like my quickr server is dead at the moment  am still trying to sort out account for you
Pissed cause my other account got deleted 
i totally forgot that i had a twitter account.. how sad 
i love new relic, i wish i could afford a paid account 
aaaaarrrrrrrrrrrggggggggggghhhhhhhhh.... his damn yahoo account is messed up, i was sooo lookin forward to video chat  its been a while!!!
@angiequaale hrmm, didn't mean to request that via my professional account.  can you reply to kdot? (duh)
 i might have to delete my account, some on here posted a link to get more followers like an idiot i did, new name will be nicky_thr33dots
@datsnoel look like we about to run thru another photobucket account..is this where we depart? 
@ashescobar @jessicafancy i had to delete my original twiiter account? trying to get all twitt friends back  please follow me again
@kismet100 got locked out of other account  Just talk about yourself...personally then...that would be perfect
@MrAnderson90 babe ? I thought ....I thought you deleted your twitter account? you gone make me cry 
@martoname But you need a MobileME account 
@chrissie_ i should. how awkward. i txt him. LOL i look at my account everyday just cos so i notice every little detail 
@julajulz elite apparently  but public accounts are coming soon apparently.
@rmbwebs when I find out I will be sure to let everyone know. So far it just a generic your account is suspended 
@alyandaj when did you get this account??  i was wondering where you went 
can anyone already log in the beta board with an eu account ? i can't  #aion #aionbeta
@jefframone I have $40 in my account and I didn't move. 
there's a problem wid my myspace account. ! 
i love watching my little way2save account grow, as long as i remember that everytime $1 goes in it means $$$ go out of my debit acct 
working with tweetdeck. loving the multiple account feature. it will make me leave @destroytwitter sadly 
working with tweetdeck. loving the multiple account feature. it will make me leave @destroytwitter sadly 
@StarCreations oh - and been to work and drowned in accounts 
my twitter account was hacked ! i did not write  last message!!!!!!  furious!
mourning death of bank account again: http://ergoelaine.blogspot.com/2009/06/089.html 
about to go to roseville mall w/ irene and jerome! i feel bad for wut is to come. my poor bank account 
@mmitchelldaviss what is your blogtv account? i'm a new lavahead, so i don't know all the info 
It creeps people out when I already have their account info up when they come to the register 
Hey #veramundo I signed up for an account and it won't let me login to ustream atm   (Veramundo live &gt; http://ustre.am/3pSK)
@dntcallmechelly her account isn't there 
@KristennStewart What is the deal with all the hackers?  I'm sorry you keep having to create new accounts 
@sunnydumbledore i hate gohost accounts 
My youtube account was closed for no aparent reason. 
@LeJessica don't delete ur twitter account 
@nulall unfortunately if you don't have a pro account your photos don't get uploaded full size 
locked out of friendfeed account... pw no longer works... verification email does not come for hours 
@joshwhacker heloooo! deleted my plurk account 
Looking at my bank account..have I really spent THAT much money since I've been home!? 
is back on twitter, silly old account is broken boooo 
meh. - xbox live account suspended.. unfortunately that's going to have to wait for a while 
is considering either kidnapping her dad and taking him to the tmobile store, or opening up her own account. i'm so tired of this. 
So the bimme16 account is gone 
Twitterfox keeps crashing my browser when I try to switch accounts! 
My fear has turned into reality, not being able to see my friend log on to his aim account no more 
After all of thar waiting, they couldnt give me an ipone because my dad had a business account. 
@GeorgieMakeup why did you delete your account? we'll miss you  xoxo
At the bank trying to figure out what's going on with my account 
Woot= found a way to have more than 4 accounts in @cotweet! bummer: profile pics not working 
apps work well on new 3G S except for beejive which won't let me open my accounts 
Going to the bank to get another business account 
@KanditoBurrito Ahh...that is sad.  I saw an article about that once. The best you can do is create a new account, friend all of your
@SnailSlime shit son. if i did that, i would loose my followers  BUT i will make a fake account and #ianhuntley your ass! :')
My bank account has just been raped  car taxxxxx.
@JessicaMF I did that, too.  Apparently the PayPay account where I purchased his chocolates did not include an option to change address. 
@NVgoldrush12  i thought i had enough on my account and when i try to buy it wouldn't let me  so whenever i go to walmart i'll get ano ...
old twitter account got deletedd 
wishing my stardoll hacker would give my account back that dumbbutt cant say as* cause i dont want to but i am mad 
had to make a new twitter account 
@billbeckett dude look @ the photos on ur blog. all of them say &quot;bandwidth exceeded&quot;. me =sad. i think u need another photobucket account 
@peglette Up late or early? Or hacked account my dear? 
whenever you sign up for a free account on a website, it should just log you in right away instead of requiring confirmation. 
also, will one of you sign on my twitter account and put up a picture of me? can't from my ds 
haven't been able to log into twitter! my account does not seem to like me  grrr
jeff deleted his account. 
Setting up my new twitter account, I waited alittle too long lost user name triplejay 
Needs a rapidshare account 
My twitter account has been restored. I still dont  know why it was blocked 
@aremysitesup Upgraded to a premium account and it doesn't seem to be working. I wanted to play with the new app 
I recieved a reply from @mirriaam 10 hours ago before I went to bed, When I woke up her account was gone 
@officialcharice i hate to say this but you have 4 accounts and i dunno wer to follow 
wow I REALLY need payday to come, I just found out my checking account has been empty all week and i've been overdrawing from savings 
Ish thinking bout deleting my darcy9874 account..  Because some crazy hacker chick ish stalking me and she stole my account I cant log in
@Terrilw I can't get on my wow account 
Just created an account, have no friends 
the mall is a dangerous place for my bank account 
@ColonelCrockett am only worth $237  my account must really suck...
i wish more people had a last.fm account 
@JDoe1972 her account was deleted seconds after that last post.  I don't know if it was her who typed it 
just checked out @vivienne &amp; @viviennelim. both are inactive accounts!  I wanna change my twitter handle to either one!
There are a lot of sex spam account on twitter 
I finally set-up a new twitter account, just couldnt figure out what was wrong with original account 
@MarkusFeehily i thought shane had a account on here as well? or is that a fake?  xx
I just tried to change my account password to penis ........   but it told me it wasn't long enough...    
@jonasbrothers guys you have to give me advice. If I delete my account then I'm losing stories from when i was 14 :/ that's sad 
i need help on my tumblr account.. 
Its my 18th in about 5 days and it took some1 in a bank checkin ma account 2 make me realise that. How sad is that. Things r messed up 
thank you bills for clearing my checking account 
twitter has no way to report accounts. cant i help the community and report bad accounts? 
@PanNORA @anniemmm It says his account is suspended. (via @emokidsloveme) 
@SeriouslyKooky oh very nice, i forgot to enter as i was on this account. 
@c0rpsebunny Looks like somebody is sending out spam with your account again. 
So this is the third time i have to make a new account 
too many fake account here... 
@Acererak I think you might need a wordpress account.  I just couldn't handle all the random and odd comments.
still no high bitrate #spotify on my premium account 
Hates her accounts getting hacked 
trying to block those dodgy/spam twitter accounts from following me and its not working 
Damnit! Just lost all my delicious bookmarks while I was trying to concatenate my two accounts  Gahhhhhh 
Just got a new YoutTube account since I lost my last one.  youtube.com/Felblood70
i deleted my old account 
@celineyme Just so you know, @OfficialTL is a confirmed fake account. 
just ordered way too many things online, online shopping is poisonous to my bank account  it's too damn easy
@conrey really... that's a shame, especially for a local account 
wow @dinalohan is a fake account  i was liking that lol
and starting al over again with new account 
has awards tickets now. Last ever login at college in this user account. 
I am so clumsy today!! Cannot manage two twitter accounts simulatneously 
@ilicco That's a protected account.  What was the idea?
@keralita13 You might want to report it... it sounds like you might have some kind of virus on your account. 
here we go...flaming unrecognised transaction on my bank account 
@papotricia I think your account has been hacked by spammers 
@singhthing  why did u said so.nyways no1 can see my msges.. i am thinking to make another account
someone is hacking my account 
@eu4ia823 sum1 hacked my account and started to promote their company through my status 
is sad for is bank account after that vet visit! 
@XCOLINX the rapidshare account has expired  
the msn website is down. I cant log onto my account. The bastards! 
i can't decide on a picture for my very special twitter account 
My gmail account is 93% full 
trying to remember my password for my puter account 
just  created this account...looking around 
can't access his bank account ;) this is going to be fuuuuuuuun 
just opened her twitter account  yay for me
Thinking of a hamsty bank account.  That's a good idea to save. (^.^)
@guykawasaki hehe  I know  I do find double tweets from some accounts, but it's rare.
at work , getting a twitter account 
im bored.... i just made an account  
@maddiemarie Me too! On all three accounts 
just made a twitter account. tweeting for the first time. silki helped me 
A big mean asshole messed up my twitter.. so this is my new account.   also, I'm so bitter you's think I'd eaten lemons. rawr!
at least i have 3 digits in my bank account, maybe next week I can make it to 4 
@rainnwilson i made an account on your website! I LOVE IT! especially the challenge about 5 beginnings to your autobiography 
configuring my twitter account 
first person to sign up to my twitter account will discover quickly why they were the first 
@TheBandFromTV if u need new account with new name, as happened 2 some of us too, then how about calling urselves BANDFROMTWITTER LOL! 
@Adesto haha, I still havn worked out tumblr... I just don't understand. I made an account, but never used it. 
just got my new twitter account 
@dinahlyn hahaha when you click the link it automatically makes an account for you, and makes you my pupil at the same time 
made a back up account 
@judyrey I just finished setting up my tweetlater.com account and it follows automatically your followers. 
@glennji dee should get her own account.. then she could tweet whenever she wants. 
about to start using my twitter account 
@nikkimarie19 goood, im new here too, im made my account yesterday, 
creating a account here 
my previous twitter account was related with my facebook profile...till now 
@StudioFairy  its ok can you click my link at http://twitter.com/tenohost and also add the account  thanks you so much
i am making a twitter account. 
@vpaquet Could you hook me up with a google voice account? (my twitter id) at gmail.com Pretty please? 
liking the seesmic desktop so far   It's great for multiple accounts. 
@KrisjeLena you're the first person in months that I've seen sporting a virb.com account, you've just gained bonus points with that one! 
just got my twitter account! 
@MaryPalmieriGai new biz twitter account is @AlkalineCleanse  check me out there too 
just added my twitter account to my profile on mysmelly  It workssss!
Just set up the twitter account- about 2 get in the shower 
@MissYau is twittering on @cellmate89 's account while he's in the toilet  HE.HE.HE.
@redskye9 need not to look for the source, I just check my account, debited amount same as your credited amount  must be me la...
@LiquidAddict no problem! I love your mixsets. But no facebook account available. I will join the community at http://www.liquiddnb.com/ 
checking out my every account 
creating twitter account 
@fijiitalia are you ala? i made account for you  but why not on facebook?
@jmarie7481 it was great.. i feel so refreshed!! you can change it in your account  did you get the other shadows yet??
I created my own flickr account   you'll find it in the links 
@sr3yas i swear, you have way too many online accounts. 
@gk_minusalltop N/M regarding the previous note, I see this is your account for non-alltop tweets 
@hayragg that would be me senior  but my account got fixed right after i used his account to own all of you, so im back here :]
@TickleMeJoey why won't Kevin create his own twitter account?! 
@sreejith At least you got @karteekj create his account 
i am updating my accounts. 
Ouh, account picture uploading is finally enabled again 
making my dad his first ever social networking account,facebook! 
@madonnabert Because you used @mistertoilet which makes it go to me.  If you want to talk about me  behind my back make account private 
I've caught a terrible bug and no it isn't swine flu but nearly as bad. I have finally made a facebook account, scandelous 
@tonicate10 that's his account coz i used his email add to search him..LOL 
just created my twitter account 
reading fanfiction on my brother's user account. shhh.......... 
Just made rachel an account aren't i great 
@ToddSullivan sorry about that - just testing it out. i moved my testing over to another account so i won't annoy followers  see @TwitDoc
forgot about my old twitter account please follow itsjeff i will stop this account soon...i prefer the address that doesnt have my age 
is tired on her friendster account. 
is helping @karenegge making a twitter account 
I just got a twitter account 
@taylorswift13 I created my account just to get a chance to chat with you (: I ADMIRE YOU! you're amazing! you inspire me to write  &lt;3
Making a twitter account 
@docdolly you have a plurk account too? 
@scottrmcgrew do you have another account here?? 
@RFleeshman  lol since I got twitter a little while ago, it seems like loads of people setting up an account 
i thought ur account @DavidArchie was fake. but, it's true, sorry david! 
@lombers www.WhisperGifts.com for bridal registry  dm me for a free premium account.
has just figured out his username and password for his twitter account 
using my twitter account 
I am probably spamming my follower's account. 
starting an account here on twitter 
I have a twitter account!   i have no friends though 
I am working out how to use this thing after finally giving in and creating an account 
im surprised that i remembered the password for this account. lol. 
@CarolineHayes ah thanks girl! loving yours too and glad to see you're finally updating your account 
I'm back. and, my sister can't believe that I have a twitter account which famous stars have. 
restored my twitter account 
finally i found already david archuleta's account! 
Thinking-I might start a separate account just so I can post my rants at the tv to get them off my chest but in 'private' 
I just opened a twitter account 
i already found david archuleta's account. yehey. 
i found rupert grint's account. well. is it really his account? i doubt. so i didn't follow him. :p at least i got david's. 
first post on my brand new pro twitter account... and welcome to @oliviertripet, my very first (and hop not last) follower 
@debol1018 how did you find my twitter account 
yey! i started to create a twitter account. hope I enjoy its service! 
just made my account 
@arichcrick Are we sure thelostexperience youtube account is official? We'll find out soon enough I spose. 
@muteme I've installed this... created an account, but haven't put it in use yet, will keep you informed 
supposed to be taking a bath now but i decided to check my accounts first 
This is our test twitter account just ignore it 
Setting up my twitter account 
this is shauna and aislinn hacked into your account. 
@catinthewall sweet, convinced mum to set up own account, so I won't have a ton of crap to delete. 
sortin out my twitter account  
@rofltallman im not using this account to spam anymore jsyk 
@TheCrowns Hey guys, you just added me on youtube, so I thought I would send you a message to follow me on this account(I am kaitlynxo2)  
just registering my own name... my twitter account is @rachaelblogs 
i am going to sleep. just created an account here 
second attempt at creating a twitter account. success? i think so 
A new twitter account for me 
I am so sorry, I suck, I have not been on this account in forever, will make up for it with some great travel deals 
so, finally got my spotify account 
@thetennistimes hope you liked the article  that would be great to have account &amp; it will be my pleasure to write for the site 
@heylivhey  hey since u have an account u can vote for me again  hehe and i vote for u 
feels happy that darling has a facebook account  add him! http://plurk.com/p/uhemy
checking my multiply/friendster/facebook accounts 
Setting up our twitter account 
Thanks @lbm! I didn't realize @good magazine had a twitter account. 
ok.. I'ce already make an account on page flakes... 
going to clean email account,watch a movie and sleep  http://bit.ly/l4QBy
@steamrunner i'll consider buying the pro. I like the multiple account feuture and the landscape 
@tiflosourtis block them don't lock your account. it doesn't take extra clicks. just read the new twitter emails 
fixing my multiply account.........uploading photos 
will soon post pics at my multiply account 
just checking my twitter account for new followers 
@taylorswift13&gt; tayLor? how are you? i maked my own account just to foLLow you. keep safe. 
I have a new account: 'thomasbl_' please use the new one instead of this! 
is sitting in design applications creating a twitter account. 
email from alliance + leicester about urgent payments + i dont have an account with them 
@cwpollock ah, the account integration is a main selling point 
just finished creating my twitter account 
currently updating every single account i have.. 
@hariandja I've introduce you to @jtug, follow the account and don't forget to learn what twitter is all about 
updating my friendster accounts 
@Jets0n good morning sir  how much is the WoW Account?
@612brisbane try following my public account instead of @rocketpilot 
Just signed up for my twitter account and now having a nose around 
@archuletacrush yes I already approve you ,thank you  btw d'you have any david cook twitter account?
who got facebook account here?? add me up 
@JadeJonas92 thanks for following - if you could spread the word that would be great  I'll ask people to follow you on my other account 
i just canceled my friendster account... 
For those who don't know, my actual account is @TashiTweets.  This is just a backup. 
@DianaZambrano27 I can still see you other account...but this one has your new name 
@jeffarchuleta ahhz stupid hackers!! I'm glad you got ur account back 
@KatherineD I did not check his account. I am heading off to bed, so will do later. 
@nettekulet the joepet account has 4 followers na 
@zecco sure. I have a coworker that just opened an account with you on my recommendation. I think for what you offer, you guys are great 
@jomonjin What you got planned for this account, anyway? 
david plzz reply in my account plzz need some follow up to you  im the one of some you fans  i really like your songs 
I'm now @TheOliverrr go follow that account 
i'm so happy that my boyfriend, @baugli, has a twitter account already, follow him too 
