Most common words for this cluster:
[('ache', 137), ('cramps', 118), ('brain', 106), ('infection', 80), ('sinus', 56), ('chest', 45), ('pain', 43), ('aches', 42), ('muscle', 35), ('sore', 31), ('stomach', 30), ('fever', 28)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'famously_bruised_shin', 0.7292565107345581), (u'sneeze_cough', 0.7199763059616089), (u'ache', 0.7195529341697693), (u'joints_ached', 0.710661768913269), (u'tingly_sensation', 0.7101417183876038), (u'aches_nausea', 0.7085075974464417), (u'Sore_throat', 0.7039045095443726), (u'Chapped_lips', 0.7031444907188416), (u'spasming', 0.7012418508529663), (u'intensely_itchy', 0.7002859711647034)]





@hannahsix cream for his eye and he may have herpes - not ocular herpes, but a different strain.    He's doing okay though.
gross i have a pimple 
Hot compress not rily workng for pulled muscle  gng to bed, good night
or should i say my brain needs to optimise my neural search pathways to find my muscles again 
is missing her roo and totally ready to be over this stupid sickness....arghhh 
in my bed trying helplessly to breathe out of my nose without coming across the itchy need to sneeze  allergies suck many things.
Riry is being a pain and nomming on my hand. Should not have sprayed her with that cat nip mist as a joke.  now she is craaaazy
up early. my stomache is acting funny 
I am so sick from stress, gah, and I need sleep and it is all my fault 
Urrrr, I should be waking up right now instead I'm just going to bed  too much on the brain!
i have a headache , runny nose , cold body even though covered with 2 thick blankets , &amp; a cup of cordial. horrible combo 
no bloody poptarts at the co-op. i hate random cravings 
Face burns with acne stuff the doctors gave me!!!! The only reason I use it is because it takes away the acne and the acne scars! 
i have the itch to gamble 
brain feels clear, sinuses do not.  meh.
has a really bad headache..or should say a neck ache..gahh and im nauseated. this sucks 
@sfrancisk  my brain is mad too. but i don't imagine as mad as yours. *pat*
I hate waking up in the morning with a sinus infection. It's the worst. 
Fighting a horrible sinus infection!  Makes for very long conference calls...  
My bruises hurt. 
@RachelStarrxxx I hope you get better soon  just make sure you have alot of fluids 
Also too much candied ginger, agh. It was supposed to be for curing motion sickness on the bus, boo. 
Home sick....not feeling good at all....I feel like I am coughing out my lungs!!!!....And I don't smoke.... 
Icing all my aches and pains, getting back in shape is not easy...I always think I'm there, then push myself too hard and get hurt 
@mycherrymoon yeah I have a sinus infection. 
another night sitting at home, todays side effects: dehydration, exhaustion, dizzy spells, head ache 
still had tooth ache 
still has tooth ache  
I cant stop sneezing 
@RetroWilly I too have a puncture 
Headwinds and muscle fatigue will keep us to 52 miles today. 
I understand. I think i have a cavity! 
can't sleep, damn stomach ache 
outside wif my laptop/working on a playlist for my outing with mike/pollen is makin' my throat itchy 
Lol mean head ache and tired from the bootcamp earlier... But cant sleep 
okay i've had this stomach pain for a good week now. idgi  also pussycat dolls are my new favorite band.
is hungry, aching and bored  http://plurk.com/p/oxmwg
This editing is taking its toll on my brain. 
I have the chills so bad i want to curl up in a ball and die 
the smell of pot and smoke sucks when in concert. my lungs hurt 
Just had her first experience cleaning up seriously chunky vomit from the little one 
im going to go inhale some tar and soot into my lungs..im sorry lungs, I wrote you a letter yesterday quitting but forgot to send it 
@Stefffles one of the birds we got, its has a massive tumor lump thing on his neck, and we dont know what it is o.O   and idk what to do 
ears ringing, eyeballs hurt, smell like man sweat, knee joints giving in; got back from a7x concert.  didn't wanna leave.
eco hwk makes my brain ache soooo much 
gotta go cramp science in my brain. i'm sorry brain.  
is terribly sick and suffering from laryngitis  =^.^=
@AlanCarr she called you a prick?! that's rich coming from her 
my braces are giving me ulcers! 
@pinpricks 
I'm sick...  *cough* *sneeze*
I think I have a sinus infection 
I gave blood today &amp; now my arm aches 
*sniffle*sniffle* *cough* 
I need to rub salt in my wounds - literally! I have an ulcer  ouchies!
i have like magnets taped to my veins... supposed to help with my stomach pains... all it did was make my veins really blue. 
needs a breast scan ... scared  i think i found 2 .. lumps , not 2 boobs !!
Sleppless with a ear ache 
Sleepless with a ear ache 
Sleppless with an ear ache 
Sleepless with an ear ache 
ugh.. the coughing has begun 
My poor baby has a double ear infection, one of them's really bad, and a stomach bug! 
my head.... a sinus infection 
@twinklybee hosp reckons it's a similiar viral to slapped cheek, so has a similar rash. Doesn't stop me worrying though 
@PhillyD arghh  heroes isn't out yet here have to wait til i get home, lucky prick.
Being stuck in bed with a chest infection isn't as relaxing as it seems 
swollen glands really hurt.. i cant even eat/ drink anything and it hurts to speak!  
@CindiCupcaking some of those can clog your pores and make shieyt worse 
I has tummy ache 
Has an ear ache   Is hoping the medicine will work and I'll be feeling better quickly 
aaaahhhhh... itchy itchy itchy but i can't scratch, tooo sore! 
is staying home today due to her swollen glands, unbareable migran, and stuffy/itchy nose  bring me soup.
Is really wishing her kidneys would stop bothering her 
I feel feverish: sweaty and shivery. fever is a symptom of piggy flu. noooo 
cramps are horrible. I miss my babyboo 
Stomach ache 
Just took off the bandage. so tight. the hole is big it freaks me out. What if blood squirts out while I'm slping? I got ANOTHER bruise! 
ooouuuccchhh!! hella sore from skating the epic park 
another wave of nausea.  i bet i lost like 5 pounds just from tonights dose of puking
Stomach ache 
@darrenmonroe we keep working on it...step by step...going on 3rd brain surgery...meds just don't like me!  thank you!!
Waiting to go to sleep... But my brain isn't minding 
Really sensitive to the smell of cigerettes 
Sweetiebear is having a gallbladder attack again.  Wish I could fix it, but nothing is helping.
@iiluvdannyjones awwh. i have an infection in my sweat glands which is now in my immune system  x
My insides hurt. 
@ponyy i knew that would happen, i was in drive through at 12, i was so depressed. i also cut myself on the fridge  blood blister. ouch
I want to stop coughing 
I already have battle wounds from puppy sitting 
I'm hungry lol What an annoying backache! awwwww 
my cheek bones hurt!! to be precise, my cranial &amp; viscceral nerves hurt  y? talking to 7mood, dreaming abt sum1, if only i had supapawas!
has a sinus infection 
@darayung awww, I do too   but you get broken too much and all I've got going for me is my brain...maybe we can play 7s or touch?
can't sleep and having major cramps 
@loubeejones i cannot be bothered! i got a stomache ache now as well 
I just ate a shitload of mustard *gag* I heard it helps with muscle cramps...I pray it does... 
 stupid muscle aches
*coughing out my lungs* 
oooouch....pulled some muscles at netball! 'Seriously painful' 
Extremely unwell and bed-ridden with my god-forsaken chest condition again 
headegg/ache 
@HelenKitty I can find women incredibly attractive. I have no issue with breasts. It's vagina that just makes me go o.O and no cocks = 
Fucking cramps. Pissed off because bad cramps = no workout for me 
@Wickedness77 hehe awesome!!!! I love coffee. I'm sorry you are having allergies I can't stand it when I have them. I'm having chest pain 
@Tehlem0n not my fault  I was watching first and he had the nerve to come and shout at me that FOOOOOL. 
Stomach ache 
Doing the blood clot go away dance. exhausted. no changes in clot yet. adam to be in hospital for who knows how long 
I think i have another sinus infection   
well i just revised muscle contraction...and im scared at the amount i still have left to cram into my brain... 
I think I'm getting my family's sinus infection  I feel not great at all
bananas give me stomach aches. 
@MHeadcase for real... These cramps are killer 
...I need more tissues. I can't stop crying 
http://twitpic.com/4hku9 - the scary blister on my atm 
@darthbender I think your sinuses and @nicktjohnson's are both on that list 
I've had a brain fart for a week mama....it is morphine 
I just grew a pimple on my fourhead! 
@HollisRocks im not....im so worried about this allergic reaction messin up my ink 
@shaneheadboy I'm stoned on advil cold and sinus and they aren't even doing anything..  
is home thankfully! and in desperate need of a good neck/back massage! im uber sore! 
will need to see the doctor in the morning. I can't cough out the tingling sensation inside 
just got done working out. Now im going to lay down i have the worse cramps 
i think i have carpal tunnel syndrome 
tummy ache.. 
suffering with a plugged boob....always..its a plague  neginning to hate bfeeding 
@Wrecklez  rub them
Is wishing it were easier to breath. 
@THISISHELL rub it in why don't you 
crazy blisters!  i need to get some blister cream. argh!
head ache  advil?
Taking deep breaths... I need to calm down and go to sleep 
Piercing infection goop is much more plentiful when your lobes are at 00ga 
can't sleep and stressed with minor chest pains...goodnight everyone! 
suffering weekend... with my gastro 
Flossed some bottom gums. Extremely bloody and sore now 
arch earache go away so much pain 
i hate pimples 
My brain doesn't work too well lately. 
Screaming in pain because i;ve developed some blisters on my heels after yesterday playing football with boots that were too small 
Headed out the door to take the kids to the doc. One has a rash on his face neck, and chest, and the other need to get a chicken pok shot 
@chef_nancy re: elderly dog-it could be as simple as a bladder infection-has he/she been to the vet? loss of control could be the prob 
omg headache!    and i cant hear through one ear! stupid ear infections!!
dizzy again 
this heartburn feels like its punching a hole in my chest. 
I have a hangnail 
 so not cool sniffle
tummy ache 
more bruises are showing up! 
Just woke up with lappy on my chest, sore eyes, and a full cup of tea completely cold 
@michelleele awe. i love the threading technique. i forgot to buy eyedrops  so like now i'm dyingg.
@adoran2 I love asparagus and we've been eating loads lately.  Unfortunately no hallucinations for me.  
can't sleep because of my sinuses 
My septum is so sore! 
has the mother of all pimples percolating on her chin - it hurts 
I feel rubbish but can't tell if it's bad hay fever or a cold  I guess I'll tag team the tablets and see which works.
Bruised ribs and hay fever = tear inducingly painful sneezing fits 
Just threw up wahhh  I hate tummy aches.
@pickyourpoisons y is your stomache n fire?  http://myloc.me/G6s
@Eganaholic I'm sorry hunny!!   I promise, once all this stupid stress is over, I'll be on more!
I have laryngitis - so unfair!! wonderland has turned into a nightmare 
I love ace of cakes... sigh, geof.  I should probably sleep soon... fuck restless leg syndrome or whatever this is.
i got a stomachache ...  
OUCH, i hate having cramps. 
@hollyxgoldyy trustt i wontttt :/ makeup can get rid of the redness but not the bumpss 
has a hole inside... the pain is gnawing away at me.   or wait, prob just need foods.
@hanaames hamstrings gone  and i'm not a bubby!
got really bad pains in my chest 
feeling like I just might cough out a lung. 
@Pievuhg i have to clean my tonsils...long story. i hurt them  bad qtip !
how do u know if medium rare is medium rare?.i think my steak was a lil too rare..stomach ache... 
I think they filled the wrong cavity...     Owwwww.
I feel like crap. Just what I need, another sinus infection 
cant sleep. have a pretty nasy sinus infection.  
@AyeAllyBea look who's talking...some nerve!!!  
@mollydigcat not holding my breath for that 
my tonsils hurt 
@AFmonkey I'm not holding my breath 
I miss regular old highschool, where they pat you on the back, &amp; give you a break when you have a tummy ache. No more college classes! 
@superduperjes (2/2) but i don't think you'll find an immediate cure/relief for your ear ache 
OK for real I am going to sleep. I am so discombobulated being out of my normal habitat. I miss my bed invading snoring little girls. 
ugh tummy ache 
i don't think i do it intentionally.. it's just a reflex/reaction to studying.  haahahahaa.
waiting for doctors clinic to open, cold has developed into something worse, feels like my lungs are being squeezed by barbed wire 
Lots of pimple in my both cheek..  Is this hormonal because of my 10 weeks pregnancy?
@BeeColl lol why not? ur confusing me  lol its late tweet'n wit half a brain lol
@plannersusanna ..same here susie   got the tissues close by me, at the ready to catch it, kill it and bin it ....hahaha!!
toothache -&gt; infection -&gt; abscess : and still no dental appointment 
Unfortunately croaky this morning - ouchy ouchy  Painkillers and vocalzone all the way then...
ive got chest infection. don't know what it is? google it. 
i hate needles. i dont want to get bloodwork done. 
damn.. tummy ache?  is it because of too much eating? 
aww man I am not feeling good this morning I think stirring up all the dust from packing has done a number on my sinus allergies 
I have a killer head ache and to top it up the sun is killing me its too bloody hot.I think am falling sick 
is dying from cramps. 
aww bless @Demolitionhick has major hayfever  *sneeze*
last night hd a bad headache, dis mornin had stomach pains, den while crakn sum nutz cut my finger den the hammer got my finger  how sad!
this is not good       sore throat, head ache, stuffy nose - what are the symptoms of swine flu again?
is bout to go to bed my sinuses are killin me tonight cant stop sneezing 
I have the littlest bladder 
still hav my cough! now it mite be bronchitis!  bec everytime i cough my chest hurts! so dont lik doctors...
head hurts, nasal congestion, body aches...I'm sick! 
listening to dylan scream his little lungs off 
Off to bed. its way past my bedtime. back feels better. ear infection is back.  know any home remedies?
my brain is still seriously on the verge of exploading 
@stevenmerrill Is it like a stabbing pain, with like constant watering? Could be a cut on your cornea  I had one before and it hurts bad
It feels like someone hit me in the back of the head w/ a baseball bat  ...praying this migraine pill &amp; sleep will work. *crosses fingers*
@lemketron @keithrollin carol having chest pains! 
@travis_fulton I know...  it's hard to say whether I was ignoring it before, or if i'm just a hypochondriac, but the tingling is real 
I'm disappointed with my new septum barbell.    $27 down the drain, fuck.
just hit my funny bone 
tummy ache 
The rain is really loud and it really doesn't help my head aches  I hate being ill. I can't do anything.
tummy cramps! 
Up much earlier than I'd like to be. 3yo daughter has an ear ache. 
owie owie owie! ipod just turned off by itself then burst my eardrums when it came back on... 
@ home!!! Showered and now with Lappie in bed and eating anti-flu drops....my lungs are doing auw 
evenin to all.. been gone for sometime.. due to severe fever, hypertension, and body pains caused by my last trip to zambales. poor me 
got my tonsils removed! 
has got a proper scratched chest off the rats. 
@holzlvespink a cracked bone sounds more painful, hun hope it mends soon, body pain sucks 
omg sinus infection, so that was you lurking behind yesterday's headache. just don't stay too long okay? 
Bad coughing 
Ugh. Either I slept really funny, or the whiplash has kicked in - I hurt. 
My extremeties keep going tingly randomly 
Is feeling dizzy and generally crohnsy... 
My navel piercing is bleeding  i need to clean it out when i get home
i cant revise anymore i think my brains going to explode and my handis killing me 
not feeling to well.  tired of the sinus pressure, and ears ringing. think I'll try to take a nap.
I feel depressed over this stupid sinus infection. I just don't feel normal! 
I should be sleeping now. I cant cramp anything else into my brain! 
@rahjd hives are slowly healing up. I scratched myself raw.  I'm on a steady stream of benadryl and drinking tons of fluids to flush out.
Digestion and I have failed each other somewhere 
Has too much on the brain - can't sleep 
My soggy brain has caused foggy brain.  #fb
My mummy found another lump 
ouch just got a nasty burn 
@aearly oh no..  it could be a muscle spamn
@SukieBunny not the lurgy? 
gah, tonsil infection sucks. I would very much want to remove my tonsils 
Aching, throbbing, hurting... I am ill 
Morning tweeks, got bad toothache 
NOW I remember why I dont eat nachos. Stomache ache. 
@RHiccups ill  fluey
spent an hr cutting off his intercooler mesh and probably recieved 8 cuts and stab wounds on his fingers 
tummy ache 
I'm freezing and numb all over. 
This cold virus is just a big pain in the *#s!!!  Why is there no cure??? Why???   I need a hug   &lt;sob&gt;
little smokey noreful to help calm my nerves still going to be late 
So tired and burdened with cramps.  ow.
hates heat rashes.  
i have a zit!! 
my munchkin is so sick! swollen glands and tonsils!  going to the dr.'s again at 9:15.
Is feeling decisively sorry for myself. I have aches coming out all over 
I think my horse needs hock and stifle injections and I'm broke 
I hate it when my tummy makes random noises in quiet situations. 
breath-taking. 
Sitting in bed, got the mumps injection...ouch 
It's amazing how much my brain cannot function when the hoover is on!!! argh making so many cock ups. 
The headachy,  nausea yuckiness wins.  I am staying home.  
Ugh i have the worst headache and neck ache i need a massage 
my sinuses and allergies are so bad 2day that my eyeballs hurt 
@Suzii_ox lmao my dentist lies to me too =[ I don't appreciate it.. especially when I can feel the pain :@ I CAN'T CHEW SUZI 
What was a sinus bother has landed in my chest like a couple of bricks! Ugh! I hate being sick! 
y did i do this to myself? crushed numb stupid and hurt is not even close to how i feel F!@# you! 
stomach is feeling uneasy. can't wait to have the doctor diagnose it tomorrow. hopefully it's nothing too extreme 
somethin is really wrong with my insides 
Pretty sure I have the signs of appendicitis.. 
I just woke up freakin out, I dreamed my mommy was rushed to the hospital because of the fluid in her lungs and died...now I'm paranoid 
body aching bum bum pain 
is pretty sure his sinuses are on fire 
@ibbypop sinus infection eww yuck that an't right! i hope i haven't got what you have :| because my sinuses are all blocked up 
i just found out some very upsetting newsss  *sniffle* off to swim!
@ILoveBradieWebb lol i got no more  oh well i go get other one sneeze :s
@ work w/ stomach ache  song of the day http://tiny.cc/LrjMz ..'njoy it!
bored out of my brains, i want to go back to sleep 
ugh, woke up with the worst stomache pains 
is having some quality hot water bottle time. Owwwww tummy ache 
I hurt my funny bone and its not funny 
Has a migrane and its sooo sore 
@shojoholic I don't have any  just a really bad pain in his side, thought it was appendicitis or kidney stones or something
has a stomachache 
my mums booked me a tetanus injection, noooo 
up early, bad cramps 
brain is leaking 
@lipstickfashion my nasal passages are jellie of your nasal passages 
@thecolorjenny My insides hate me probably.  @aaronbondroff I wish they still had the monopoly. 
home sick with sinus infection 
despising the overuse of airconditioning. I am so cold. 
The nerves are coming now  !
My backache is killing me! 
Calluses hurt. 
@kingcaveat ...but your lungs 
another cold and another ear infection!!!! im dying 
has a tummmy ache 
My whole chest is itchy. 
@Jaderrade If you were serious, then yeah! But you need to stop flaking on me. 
leftover brains again 
has reallyyy bad cramps 
Tired, coughing, sneezing, headache,  runny nose, itchy red eyes, cold then hot, stomach ache  why now?Why ever?  I hate feeling sick.
My head hurts so ridiculously bad. So does my chest and throat because I'm out of my heartburn meds and have no more refills. 
is experiencing bum syndrome or pre-midlife crisis...  http://plurk.com/p/whn55
my brain has officially turned to ash.. 
@afatal_incision  i know right
has this unbelievable amount of tension deep in the middle of her chest...it's weird...but I'm pretty sure I know what it's from. 
miserable as shit that I have a sinus infection 
dizzy. i'm not felling well... 
I think I got a cavity 
has headache and stomachache 
Stomach cramps 
tummy ache. 
Missed my train by 5 secs  yesterdaynight knijp, jaap &amp; flashback. Now sitting on the blisters. If you know what I mean. ;)
bed. with stomach ache 
is getting a cold    *cough, oink, cough*
@bcollinstattoo yes, boo for soar throats and earaches! 
#3wordsaftersex i think im bleeding. 
The sneezing begins... 
is having brain blockage in musical thoughts 
sinus congestion is making thinking straight difficult 
@jdcritte Though it was a cold that would go away, turns out it's a sinus infection that just keeps getting worse and worse by the day. 
I hate having to put my toddler in a disposable, but her rash needs ointment. I hate her having a rash even worse. 
scratchy scratchy throat. warm fluids needed 
My cankle is sore.  
I have tummy ache.  Probably not helped by eating /that/ many tic tacs.
whooaaa. just got an overwheolming itus attack after eating 
I need to sit  my insides hurt ughhh
@dorritos @repressd i get migranes.. so @repressd.. that leaves you to either arthritis and/or gout!  
@projectcloud pinched nerve 
@jclayville // i feel your pain. i once lived in an apt for 6 mos where the previous tenant had 4 cats. burning eyes/tight lungs =  gregg
@petshoptype yes and no. there's some strange infection in my body that's causing me to be sicker than I need and to have a fever. 
My teratoma has a cavity and is experiencing male-pattern baldness 
Waiting for 5:00 &amp; having cramps 
I can't breathe well but turns out I'm not crazy.  Just inflammed lungs 
is missing training tonight, the lurgy is on my chest 
@tdwnds1 No problem. At least look on the floor. We won't see the banana skin in our brains ... I step on it once, almost got killed 
@Molltini ok. lol. i miss you too. i hope your cramps get better. i know how painful they can be. 
ohhhh my feet ache 
OCHH ive got blister on my foot over the sun today its soo sore  i supose yas dnt care hah just thaught i tweet it anyways
Ugh cramps  and it's hot
My lower-left molar stings whenever it comes into contact with sugar of any sort 
has cramps 
Ears nose throat doc wants to do surgery inside my face  diviated septum does not sound like a sexy thing.
@the_sandman_ @grave_wounds @hursty02 @samvoaden I miss you guys SO much  xx
@DirtyDizco Maaan if I was in pain I'd come. I wanna come  eat some 4 me lol *rolls eyes*
@DirtyDizco Maaan if I wasnt in pain I'd come. I wanna come  eat some 4 me lol *rolls eyes*
@ChellyBelle I'm chopped liver. 
OOUCHHHH I just pinched my own nipple by accident trying to fix my top 
sometimes i wish i were a man, i could pee were i stand, and scratch my chest, but instead? here lies a breast  hah
@jayess69 They're all swollen  I'll try not to though.
brain fart 
Aww....i bird fell and its bleeding from is head 
Kadence has a canker sore 
kepler's having surgery now because one wound's so bad they can reach through it &amp; touch his spine. drainage tube being installed.  
is now in bed, suffering from lack of tiredness 
My bunny has a tumor. Or cist. Either way emminent death. Or pain. 
Beasted at basketball but has a huge blood blister 
@chcl8gyrlwunder oh no! and the tingling and numbness in ur arm is too!  I'm COMING.
I cannnt sleeeep but im sooo tiredd.... I feel like my brains gonns asplode 
Rubs her stomach oh her period caus I hate to see her in pain 
I'm getting a gut... and I don't like it 
I think i'm getting a fever blister  bbbboooooo
I would love it if I didn't have cramps anymore. 
i should probably go to bed but i can't shut my brain off. 
aghh i never get bruises and now i have 2  waaah!
I think my brain is trying to escape from my skull 
is attending the soho nhs walk-in to get some antibiotics to get rid of this ear infection, after another sleepless night 
I hate being sick  Sniffles, dry cough, migraine, sore [granted, this is because I walked into an ice cream machine, not by choice...]
@jlee_ it was a nightmare. After the surgery (I was unconscious) my cheeks swoll up and got internal bruising, like a demented chipmunk 
i have a headache  and my throat still hurts so much, gosh i wanna sleep but i can`t cause of the aches  i hate so much being sick.!! :l
Hates stomach aches 
ughhhhh...gut rot...ouch. 
is very busy aching all-over. 
The same feeling as seeing a sweaty tank top uncle with hairy armpit 
I have bruises on my bruises...  
can't get rid of these chills 
Where's my liver?! I think it hurts 
and tissues for this almost cold 
@annabananna12 my cranium is sore 
has shoulder ache again 
So, I don't know what to do. I'm tired, itchy, and bored.  Ahah. Suuuucksyo.
is in a serious battle with her sinuses!! i fully intend to win, but they are putting up quite a good fight. 
swollen cheeks 
Driversss eddd; cramps  text!
I have stomach cramps 
P.S. my kidneys hurt... 
It's official...my pitty has arthritis in her hips 
breast enlargement? who told fb i have baby breasts?! 
... I keep gettin waves of nausea.. Not fun and ALL bad,I'm scared to eat  I'll wait awhile...
It's hard to breath. Like my lungs or whatever muscle hits a bone in my back. 
Stomach ache 
the sickness is eating away my brain 
has a sinus infection and its made my teeth feel wobbly 
tummy ache 
my brain is bulimic  
burnt the soles of her feet resulting in blisters and pure agony  the beach was amzing though and got a killer tan !!!
i want to rip out my esophagus right now 
food was okay. I got cramps   ouch.
@huma_rashid I don't know about other predispositions, but white men are more likely to get testicle cancer.  
@MasterAwesome sun aids? what? the sun it makes me feel a litlle ill i get really bad migranes  i dont think its going away though
@runwithvampires ah no when I had it I was puking shaking and freeezing with the shivers 
I think im dying...i have a lump under my chin and it hurts 
period. go away!  cramps cramps cramps
@SuperWiki my crack-filled brain updated the  shop. but i think my brain cells are fried (design's not very good  )   http://bit.ly/XrGpq
Goodness gracious, my chest area is painfully sunburnt 
I wish sinuses didn't exist then there would be no such thing as hayfever or allergies. Think for the first time i have hayfever 
My tata Davids biopsy came back...  he has cancer in his liver &amp; lung!  they don't know what stage yet, let's hope they can do something.
tummy ache 
@toptomato my poor dog has an ear hematoma. They drained 4 syringes of blood. 
Performing surgery on the story.  sigh.
 dis aint gud a heatstroke! 
I'm tight ; mad liqour and I can't drink; cortisone pills and antibiotics for my formerly big lip 
@carlosisgreat omg me neitherrrr. I have a headache and body aches and chills and a fever 
Augh sinuses 
so far its a stye but if things change in the morning it could turn into blepharitis yuck i would rather have a stye 
just showered. more bruises are showing up. icing them now, still headache.. 
tummy ache 
My fish is either really, really over weight or it has a tumor.  goodnight.
wisdom teeth surgery = nausea and pain, plus no solid food or human contact for a couple weeks 
@EmmyATL  rub it in that you met him. did you know he's not even coming here w/ warped? i'm so upset.
I need a muscle relaxer 
@zorythevirgin my sis has to get surgery to remove a lump from her breast so that's why my vegas trip has been cancelled 
my muscles ache like crazy and now i'm walking like a crab! 
@xii_dizzy ahahahah. i miss that 
i cant stop of sneezing!  ashu!
I think i may have a tumor 
Ouch. That's gunna bruise  
blister has come back   
Oh frick I hate post alcohol hunger. Feels like my stomach is trying to eat itself for nutrients 
muscle soreness 
does not like to breath sodium hypochlorite... even if they call it bleach... with some pretty flower odor... my throat is again annoyed 
has just cut her tounge and nows its bleeding  ewww
pulled a musle in lat during squats; argh - colds, knee injury and now this faff 
Stomach ache 
trying to avoid the heat ! ouch my necks burning ! 
I have fallen deep and hard into being a ball of dried sickness 
ughh feel horrible. want to go to the doctors! owwy bad head, owwy fat lip, owwy bruise on arm 
At hospital with wifey. Possible gall bladder problems. 
@TheRealJordin lmao cancer stick! i agree! i hate the smell of smoke 
@TheRealJordin lmao cancer stick! i agree! i hate the smell of smoke  http://tinyurl.com/nxbh3u
cramps.. 
I love this weather.. aha tis immense :L.. my stomach is burnt tho 
M sneezing again 
laying in bed with a killer backache, didn't make it to church 
The sneezing continues.  
My insides are all twisted, it hurts 
has a really bad backache 
Noes if I go swimming soon, I'll get cramps. 
just woke up have a tummay ache 
@lilAng I'm so jealous of you. I miss the smell of the ocean. 
@mari_posa2 and last time I talked to natalie, she had a sinus infection!!! 
I am feeling sick  fever and body aches...
swollen glands, headache &amp; fever.... I wish I was hungover instead 
Why are there little flies everywhere!? And why is there a lump in my armpit!? I'm scared.  it's not a bite, it's under the skin.
I have a cramp...  
I have a gigantic migraine from hell and outer space 
I've stomach ache 
My carpal tunnel is acting up...boo. 
@ineswhitworth *sniffle* 
hate having sinus 
really wishes this annoying pain in my side/hip/tummy/whatever would go away. 
Ouuuch! Blisters  a cant walk properly :-..(
At the hospital...my chest was killing me...now off to get some xrays 
Ugh cramps suck 
is having a stomachache 
I'm so sorry sinuses I never meant to fuck wid chu  I can't move my head without sneezing / dying
I have a huge pimple that could might as well be called a underlip piercing 
@Mellennium09 what up! I have to take vicadin and muscle relaxers for a pinched nerve 
my kitten fell down a flight of stairs this eve, trauma. Not good  he is at the vet now. Lots of tears tonight!!!!
Is beyond crying, beyong depression. Just numb, dead. 
is coughing his lungs out 
is sunburned and has 2 wounds  )
@allconsoffun that is like pooring salt in an open wound. 
Feels like my eardrum is going to burst open!!! 
Another blister 
@vic_toria I agree i am not running today due to calf muscle soreness 
cramps... 
cat scratches hurt 
Stomach cramps!! 
@purplefae It has bad brains. 
I am in so much pain right now...I hate tooth aches 
Having period cramps 
great..... i just felt a stab of jealousy in my chest, 
cramps and I are off to work now.  
if i cough anymore i swear i wont be able to breath. 
sniffle sniffle cough sneeze boohoo it's hot and sunny and I have a cold  what are the odds
I feel so dead, crappy hayfever. And to top it all off, I have 4 of the biggest bites ever on my legs 
@professorgreen my gag reflex doesn't react well to whey protein 
just cut myself shaving and required 3 bandaids 
can't sleep. it's too hot, i'm having a coughing fit, and my wound is stinging 
sciatica hits back 
Massive wave of nausea. It doesn't seem to be passing 
stupid cramps keeping me up not good! 
Chapped lips 
 i think my trachea is infected again.
tummy ache 
@trouble182 I'd love to trouble but some of us are stuck in the office next to large German women with hairy armpits 
has a muscle ache. 
dying of boredom i cant stop coughing 
really dislikes fevers/the chills 
cramps are really hurting me now 
i am having an allergy attack at my desk. sinus fail. 
i got home from work early cause i have a bad tummy ache  i hate this. i can't even enjoy the sun properly
I have two wrinkles in my forehead that are freaking me about!! How do I combat these early signs of aging/evidence of ill-personal care? 
11/15 on the rat muscle quiz 
One of my ratties has a tumor  
@nickcroken Typical noob overuse injury, I think. Tried to tough it out when it started to squawk at me &amp; now am paying the price... 
Stomach ache 
My face is all numb. Just had a filling and they gave me an injection. I never have an injection. Now i feel ill and cant eat or drink 
hate itchy bites and splinters 
has a massive headache! SOMEONE please massage my brain 
cramps are killing me! 
I have the worst cramps ever 
I fcuking hate having hyperhydrosis. 
smoothie is giving me a brain freeze, ouch 
Is wanting to curl up into a little ball and sleep the pains away!!! 
tummy ache 
i have a blister on my toeee 
I have the sniffles  and I'm trying to shake this mini cold!
so sore, why is sun burn so sore???  xo
suffering from severe muscle ache 
I also have the worst cramps imaginable 
I have an owwwie in my brain  make it go away.
the constant ache seems to never end 
cramps suck 
tummmmy ache 
@es511 I'm happy with everything except my stomach. It just refuses to tighten post-baby. Muscles are there but skin is loose 
feels sick  sore throat, headache and a cold, all I need now is aching limbs and some oinking and I will be convinced its swine flu!
@nathstokes if you shave them then youre armpits sweat more  i know from personal/personel experience
I so angry  i have a sty in my eye, a sore throat, my tummy in upset, and im getting hot flashes. All developed in the last 6 hours  ...
having chest pains. never good never good. 
ah iam cold and i have cramps  talk to me&lt;3
found out the tumor on my grandpas kidney is cancer he has surgery on monday 
@wraithfodder I've got it on too, and can fell my brain cells not only dying, but actively trying to escape from my skull. 
@LoyalMan I have to get surgery on my thyroid 
has that gut wrenching feeling 
My toes are still numb  I think I lost some nerves. I guess thats ok though, because I have so many blisters! The life of a marathoner!
gauze is annoying and i think the numbness is going away 
i have cramps 
hope my doc can fit me in- dermato.is making me wait a month?!? wtf- my armpit skin is burning  i hope its not serious  OWww
I miss corrie.. already  I hope your spleen doesnt rupture m'dear
hangnail... ouch! 
I hate tummy aches 
has a week longish stomach ache that wont seem to go  away 
tummy ache 
stress hives 
@BlacFyre *sigh* I feel sorry for her condition and you having to deal with it 
hating cramps. missing my bubs. 
i got a canker sore.....  not amused!!!
Stomach ache 
ugh tummy ache. I always forget I'm not supposed to eat chocolate 
ahhh, i got my mum to put deep heat on my sore muscles, and now it's buuurning 
*cough* *cough* *sniffle* *sniffle* = 
about to snap my arm off trying to do remedial stretches. repetitive stress syndrome 
Just woke up and saw that I have a fever blister the size of a small planet on my upper lip.....so NOT cute 
I have a stomache ache from being tired 
@melodyjae If I only had a brain 
is having information overload... getting dizzy  http://plurk.com/p/xugag
@katithompson stomach cramps, dizziness, sleepiness, coldness 
Seriously    we have paid 300 dollars  2 get bashed up and hurt! Lol    covered in bruises and scabs  oucha
Ugh. Not feeling so good. This ac unit is so cold that my stomach is acting like a jumping bean. 
My ovaries 
i hope these aren't that bad. i have really bad cramps already 
on top of it all i have a stye..  wahhhh
tummy ache 
is fed up of being sore following an operation to remove her coccyx, sob 
is completely freaking out because her kidney functions are getting worse and they aren't sure why yet... 
Just came back from training. The heat was so intense! Gahh, my eyelids are droopy 
Oh god I feel sick with nerves! 
Ugh cramps 
Has tonsils that are so swollen they are touching each other 
My upper bodys yelling @ me &quot;why did you not go to cardio for 2 weeks!?&quot;.....owie 
I think I pulled a muscle  !
Headed to the doc for an ouchie procedure.   yikes
not happy about my blisters from running 
@FollowAnita noooooooooo sinus infectionnnnnnnnn 
Going to get my bloodwork done at 1145  i hate needles!! Blegh! :'(
will sleep now. i have a zit on my noseeee 
I don't understand French, it goes in then straight out my brain again 
 I think I pulled a nerve in my back putting together a shelf for bd. Would that be neuralgia?
I hate getting bloodwork done.  but i'm off to ihop to nurse my wounds.
mindy's mri came back. 2 deteriorating disks and one bulging in her spine... 
@Babystray had xrays yesterday...saw stone...nearly into bladder.....but it's just of case of pop the painkillers &amp; wait till it passes 
whiplash is setting in now ouch 
ouch!! tonsils hurt!! 
Stomach ache... 
I'd love to know where all these random scratches &amp; bruises come from, they never seem to go away 
@ChalkBored going to doc soon, either I have it or I have heaps of sores 
tummy ache 
Starting to redevelop a cough and some chest and nasal congestion... requesting prayer   tks
my hands are made dry!! why does water suck all the moisture out my skin  @jimmywhite09 wheres the science in that?
ow ow ow my stomach hasn't hurt so bad since bangladesh. terrible food poisoning 
@ibreezyb either that or a sinus infection. I never know which. 
found the cause of all this itchiness 
I just want my ganglion cyst to be gone!  It huuurts!
chest pains  and I feel rlly sick.
I can't sleep because I am too busy coughing 
my stomache is in a knot. 
tummy ache 
feeling really stressed out. And pulled a bum muscle 
Experiencing the worst cramps ever 
I am sure I left half of my brain in bed... 
someone needs to bring be drugs. i wish to not have a sore throat any longer advil/tylenol seem not not work anymore 
Y am I still awake? This is no good!  I'm really trying to sleep but I can't turn my brain off...
i  hoping that my pop is alriight because his lung collapsed 
i have swollen glands and a viral infection. woo frigging hoo 
back and stomach are killing me from hpe! LOL sore muscles 
i hate cramps....and i missed alvin yuen. 
12 june is when they pucnture my backside with a tetanus injection 
feeling restless, and my back is in spasm again  thinking I'm sick, sore throat,  nausea, like a bus drove over me. but could be allergies
tummy ache 
I hate having blood tests  makes me feel woozy and my arm go all floppy.
my brain died 
looks like i'm puddying up a hole but i'm actually jus trying to feed myself, copped 3 injections in my mouth 2day... xray 2mro 
I have a really annoying hangnail  it hurts.
just woke up, and its proper dizzy 
burnt my armpit cooking 
dreamt about a deadly disease, woke up with a stabbing pain in my stomach, and an exam first block.   
Having tummy ache,will see if massage will work...have this feeling it is the hormones 
my body aches and i still have the sniffles and sinus pressure. 
coughing up a lung  ..ouch
Quit smoking again: forgot about fever blisters and colds that come in succession during detox though.  This will be a long few months.
@TMLZ go to sleeeeeeeep, i so tired but cannot, dw mads. i love withdrawl symptoms, group snuggle was so nice 
I'm off to work - It's difficult to leave your child at home with a 103 temp, sore throat, cough and an ear infection in sweltering temps 
break! i think i have an ear infection  my ear is paining took a pain killer hope it goes away
hating this unending toothache. 
@thejoestory @uranium194 I would work faster, but thanks to sinus/allergy drainage I'm feeling sick to my tummy 
@1crazyblonde feel better!!! i have a major sinus infection right now it sucks not feeling good.  just do a little happy dance
i'm a turtle and i can't move. my shell, err, my back aches like hell. i'm getting old and i need a massage  and i forgot to eat. poor me.
im also going to see a gastric specialist for my acid reflux,  so needless to say, i dunno whats going on but we are about to find out
@_EmmRy cramps  but im good
I'm out of bandaids 
should be sleeping and my brain is too wired to do so 
sinus infection. awesome. 
@queritor I must complain to my physician as she never gives me a pregnancy test! She just sticks a finger up my butt. 
Eyes super itchy and sore  think I've got fibers in them from cutting out fabric.
day 3. still in pain. miss chewable food and human contact  sunburn still hurts possibly worse than mouth.
The blister has gone - YEYS!! But now it's raining and I can't walk anywhere 
@KEVINDCLXVI im obout to have one too my nerves are so shot 
@RhianAllan ...ehmm.... calmm... breathe 
@koolkid107 my scars are hurting  well just one
I have a lisp 
hey friends, enjoy the rest of the blockparty. tiredness has beaten me  xx
cramps.... 
@mom1124 has a sinus &amp; ear infection 
tummy ache 
Wishing my kidney infection would get better 
@codedigital  . I love you hunny. I'll relief your stress ;-) wink
done! babe, why aren't you in sac yet?? 
I dont like feeling like this  fever, body aches, chills, sinuses)
Just found out my grandpas cancer is in his neck 
jane_l I bet the detective is going to thank her by giving her anus a righteous bruising.  #rrtheatre
@jane_l I bet the detective is going to thank her by giving her anus a righteous bruising.  #rrtheatre
okay i might throw up. i really hate how i RANDOMLY get motion sickness. its so fucking stupid.  i just can't stand nausea.
@kismetemsik envy no more; show's cancelled due to laryngitis. 
graduated! but bailed early due to extreme sweating 
@tat2ts sounds like we have the same crappy neck! I was told arthritis is forming in mine!! Cracks constantly 
sneeze............ go away from me! I haven't going well 
Y add insult 2 injury by bumping up the gas prices were already in a depression 
@KeithNSheryl rub it in 
@christiensin I've had nosebleeds all week due to allergies and excessive nose blowing 
I might have an aneurism... 
 Really random incredibly bad chest pains, ouch.
I have a terrible earache that just came out of nowhere 
oh well, at least my bowel movement won't be disappointing... unless it splits my anus...again 
tummy ache from ramen 
ughh  i hate toothaches...
I really really want to go to sleep but my brain doesn't feel the same. 
if only i had a brain 
I miss my brain - i wonder where it is now...  
has stomach cramps 
brain.. too. MOOSHY.. to study. effectively.. 
facebook need a surgery - it's lungs are filled with marijuana .. 
I've been coughing so much I feel like I'm hacking up a lung! 
@deannoothai my sinus is buggered. Snot everywhere. 
I have a fever  But... I pop a couple of pills and still show up to work, cause I'm a manager!
laying awake in bed while my gallbladder attacks my insides...   I HATE THIS!! I just want it to go away.. 
ow got brain freeze shudnt eat so fast 
got a kidney infection 
is still feeling the dizziness from the accident 
@mandydemoo haha no i went cuz the skin on my neck was pretty much falling off from eczema 
I woke up last night with immense chest pains! So uncool 
my lymph nodes hurt. 
Stomach ache! 
really really really sick. I can't speak or breath. 
i have a really bad stomachache 
my brain is not functionning 
uuugghh.. I'm feelin' dizzy now.. 
I'm getting a headache in the left frontal lobe. 
 tummy ache
@shelly_76 i don't know... it's hard breathing...  what about you?
F you to menstrual cycles and cramps. 
I think I have a cold....I have the aches 
tummy ache 
My tummy hurts  I hate having a vagina, i wanna rip it off HAHA [cramps] :[[[[[
(@stephietx) My tummy hurts  I hate having a vagina, i wanna rip it off HAHA [cramps] :[[[[[
aah i keep on discovering scratches 
i have stomach ache...  needtorevisemoreneedtorevisemoreneedtorevisemoreneedtorevisemoreneedtorevisemoreneedtorevisemoreneedtorevisemore
cramps! 
ok... forget tylenol... a baseball bat to the head/face repeatedly should do the trick now. i hate sinuses!!!! owwwww... 
hafing cramps that hurt like hell again. 
im so not feeling good today, my stomach has this terrible cramp in themiddle of it that is just puttin me in horrific pain 
I need to get my tonsils outtt! 
Needs to have a hyper spasm 
@Caged: ow my brain 
@Pashlee i have a realllyyy bad earache. 
I want a mystery gi tract disease 
@daynanotdana sorry your brain is hurting 
@jimmymarsh617 ok rub it in, just another one I missed 
hay fever sucks and i can't find my tablets 
in so much painnnnn. stupid cramps 
watching amelie and suffering from a migraine.  sometimes i wonder if god hates me.  
In bed trying to get over sinus infection 
my brain's about to explode  i need a break!
i have a rash on my chest 
My daddy's lung cancer has metastasized to his brain   
I think I pulled a pectoral muscle.  And no, I'm not kidding.  
just wokee up and I'm effingg sore, ughh my lifeeee, 
@flipflops Yes I hate the cramps 
My clit is bleeding and i dnt know what to do 
pulled the intake, this lump is filthy. 
@taeheckard rub it in why don't u?  yeah we should hehe lol 
argh! i hate period cramps. 
I found a cavity  eRiCa
@blago85n she has runny stool and frequent urination  any suggestions?
has a 100.7 degree fever, chills and aches.. :/ odd symptoms and very annoying..  pray for me! good night!
@arafatkazi : Its nowhere as calamitous to your bleeding toe, you cry baby...I suffer from migraines 
Not feeling well tonight. aching... 
I is in pain!  achy body and fever really sux. At least the cough went away.
wants her tongue pierce since last year but is scared of the pain....  http://plurk.com/p/z00nj
so sick  having sore throat,colds and cough ---- lots of antibiotics to take 
Just hit my funny bone ~really~ hard. *hand goes numb* 
Curses sickness and infection, curses. I need a mocchacino. Now 
suffering from a headache and a tummy ache...i think i'm dying... 
man I still can't breathe. this asthma is getting worse and worse!  
kidney infection 
up. can't fall back asleep. tummy ache 
Having another massive gallbladder attack. 
a black hole is eating away at my womb  Hurts too much.
trying to learn how the kidneys work 
fell over in estab last night and my head still hurts  hypochondria is making me fear internal bleeding haha
has heart ache 
Severe headache, body aches, sore throat, nausea (at times). I can't even lay in bed, it gets worse. I can only pray its not the flu. 
Still got sinus probs and my ribs hurt due to me sleeping all contorted 
just got up, from aches and pains from playin footie 
insanely itchy feet today, and insane tummy cramps too  off for a driving lesson now
owwwwww cramps    f*ck off
turns out had pierced through an artery    they could actully see it  had to get a needle and stiches   its... http://tinyurl.com/o7bqj5
I don't feel well.. I think I can boil an egg in my armpit  http://myloc.me/2Ugf
@sabrinagabriela well a bit serious , its lung tbc ,  lung infection , heart disease , plus asthma 
with full stomach try to look at the histology's notes...huahua...sleepy mode 
i ammmm soooo sleepy, its not even 6am yet. y has my bladder developed an internal alarm clock 
is home alone and my only company is my tooth ache and a brand new cold I just got. I've been through worse and still survived 
I need softer tissues 
All my joints are hurting.   I think I've been working too much and not resting enough lately.
 my mum doesn't learn her lesson, 4th time now shes got this basal cell cancer on her skin :'(
still smells faintly of vomit. 
im so sick; cough, fever, sneezes, stuffy/runny nose, tummy aches.. help. me. 
my burn scar is ugly 
back from wildwood and officially sick. apparently i have a viral infection, coughing my lungs out, bye 
is thinkin that fever blisters on your lips stink!! Yikesm 
so i kno this is T.M.I but damn i hate cramps, all the ladies can relate!!! 
There are no more butterfingers 
i have stomach ache really bad  it really hurts :'(
effing cramps 
cough, cough, coughing 
ear ache and jaw ache!! dont chew a whole packet of chewing gum 
still sick and just wokeup with cold sweat 
I need a bandaid. 
The climbs, drops, loops...all really fun...the corkscrews...not really fun...stomach still decompressing 
ps. just ate a frosty, and my stomach turned into a warzone. 
studying marketing is doin my brain in 
AND i have a big pimple on my cheeeeek!!!  
my throat is on fire. i think it's heartburn. it hurts a lot. it comes and goes but crackers and water didn't make it go away 
@nsavoury might have a disease. there is one where the blood flow to the gums gets cut off 
@Adeesya ngaha i think fred has lost his brain,threw it to nowhere,too bad i can't watch that video 
pimples attack! Arghhhhhhhhh 
tummy ache 
's head aches.  http://plurk.com/p/10znlh
@AlmostDangerous I know!! Ahhh I can't. The brain, she won't shut off! 
Blegh  can't walk due to blisters, nose bleeds, tired ~ not going to school
twice just now I felt like puking 
cus i was having chest pains again and i cant sleep them 
That's a massive allergic reaction.. It's all up both my arms 
@willhowells Unfortunately, I bare scars 
HK really isn't my body's favourite place  allergies AND nosebleeds are back. blerghh
suffering from provence-withdrawal  @natalieyeo @herbonestrcture
I've got a chest infection 
i hate it when i get stomach aches  i must go home now.
mamta is eating my brains... m brain dead 
covered in a massive itchy rash. it looks disgusting 
i pulled loads of muscles in my chest from doing the slug @dougiemcfly style with @Monicarrrr yesterday. ouch 
hate the bloating feeling.. 
 tummy ache.
@chriscanal I end up holding the club too tight/wrong and get blisters 
Severe tummy ache ...  at least it's not AH1N1 hehe
The contractions need to stop teasing me. 
Stomach aches are never fun 
ughh..how long does bronchitis take to go away?! 
tummy ache 
Having another stomachache 
drenched in sweat after an exhausting, slow, disappointing 5 miler. 
@kelz017 It's a thinker. And please don't die of a brain tumor now, I don't want to go to hell just yet! 
has the sinus blues 
ugh my sinuses are so inflamed right now 
@lilyroseallen maybe they don't like your smell..... 
i haz tummy ache... 
One gut wrenching tear inducing farewell down. One to go 
@poetesss I racked my brain all night for a good poem topic, but alas my brain sucks 
Is in pain, just wanna curl up with a hot water bottle but no chance of that  
@SweetLily20 I love so many of those, but my wallet aches. 
brain is on fire 
Has extremly painful cramps 
has a gland up, and a sore face...rotten sinuses 
@lydiarobbins oh snap, i think i have blisters 
I just got stomaches. well, need to lay down now. 
Ugh tooth ache 
Numbed the fuck out! Not stoked on fillings 
cramps overload 
@mssinglemama yeah probably.  I've had a high fever for four days and aches and chills and feel awful - you probably did have it. 
i hate period cramps. 
Home sick with sinus infection 
still has lurgy 
I have discovered that eating the sugar packette's found in my purse do no cure migrain headaches 
driving home and stopping at penara breaddd!!!  yupp, sinus infection 
cough cough sneeze sniff.  
@Its_roXXX  I must get a tissue ! That's made me upset u leaving !! 
My brains getting a beatdown oww stupid headache 
lucky has skin infection  sighs. there goes $188
I have an eyelid twitch that will not go away 
@swithers2 stupid mozzy had a bite of it...it's reacted pretty badly...that meaning the redness has spread over the top third of me knee 
Finished tanning but couldn't go to gym cause I have a slight fever 
Really horrendous allergic reaction...tongue sores, face rash and all  i am not having a good time anymore
moving around and losing my breath 
i cant stop coughing 
@lushlady15 oooo I don actually have one :O I can say its cause I dont like them... they sink straight into my skin and dissappear 
 i have ear ache
i have this huge zit and it refuses to go............ 
has a sore chest from all my coughing 
@RaiFelix rub it in. I have yet to see it. 
ate dinner late and got massive heartburn, thank god the zantac helped- i so need a stomach doctor 
@mknisely having sinus surgery tomorrow to correct a deviated septum that I was born with (as it turns out). Not looking forward to it. 
i pulled a muscle 
@RBtheGhost  ah, i see what happened.    u back in sac?
gassy stomach again! 
cankles 
I have the worst cramps ever. 
what's up devil cramps. 
I want my tonsils back 
has bad cramps. 
@alicecshort your brain teaser failed 
Sinuses? An allergy? A cold? Fugg if I kno. I just wish my face n nose wud stop damn twitchin 2day. 
has an awful nosebleed... 
i have a ear ache 
@nurseloopy I'm so glad she didn't come! I'm worried about your cankle   I hope you feel better
I swear i have a cyst on my ovaries they hurt soo bad!! 
suddenly I've got stomache 
ow the pain of being burned  my legs are like tomatoes...
@ChelseaWelseaaa and i have to get a little surgery on my gums 
fell asleep at 10 with a migraine, now i'm up at 2:30 with a tummy cramp! jus take the good parts now and donate them to science 
got a massive earache on one side 
bad coughing,still 
gutted, I've had to remove my eyebrow ring, infection has set in after my unsuccessful attempt to remove it at the hospital 
Oh My! my brain is going to explode because of the baldrige application 
off to the docs soon for more antibiotics...aaaaah the joys of a full blown kidney infection 
@schofe sounds good i think ill curl up on the sofa with tissues 2 hand &amp; watch .......got flu ( the normal annoying type not swine lol ) 
ahhhh i woke up one massive blob of snot  hayfever? i think so!
I've got acne on my arm. It may be only one, but it's painful and huge 
bored out of my brains 
cramps are no fun  watching true blood then off to bed.
I need some mental support to do my cardio.yesterday's pump is killing me muscle.. 
Having reallllly bad chest pains tonight 
stupid tonsilitis, go away, thanks to you and dehydration i had to have a bloody drip jammed in my hand! 
i'll  can't breathe out without a tissue
@beautie: oooh sounds good. pricey? any other recommendations for good treatments/leave-in serums? i have a frizz problem 
So tires  waiting on whispy and the small brain to arrive
@alysiabeard least you have a realtivly big brain compared to my microscopic one 
now my grampy has a brain hemorrhage 
I have a huge stomache ache 
hates earaches 
@viveksingh hmhm. I hate head aches. 
inflammatory bowel disease is a seldom spoke of miserable condition 
@clareymoo rofl that made me giggle so hard im coughing!!! 
 i am so sick of this. i have chest pains, stomach pains, sickness and im exhausted :'( y cant they make me better?
The nerves of steel I used to have are no more....... 
In English have cramps 
My ovaries hurt 
Off to the doc...feeling absolutely awful...need meds...pretty sure moved to infection...yuck!  
@ohmygela he has a fever &amp; all? try to research... it would help if you'll know the signs &amp; symptoms though it'll be hard for you... 
I hate getting my brain taken out 
@HamletDRC I have a knot in my stomach just from hearing about it   I'd be interested in how your estimates change #java vs #groovy %wise
is working...but really wants to go home...due to cramps 
I'm super congested and my sinuses hurt. 
@mrsleftybrown well, since it woke me up my brain wasn't functioning yet to make a witty remark. I fail 
and i just got a cramp 
i can't decide if i have tummy cramps or just tummy ache. ughhh. 
tummy ache 
tummy ache 
really bad backk ache 
Only a few mild contractions but no signs of labor 
stomaches suck 
is really sick  my tonsils are swollen shut! ugh
running a bath to soak my achey breaky muscles 
I guess my gut feeling was right lol. 
@lanunez my legs r still sore from yesterday... I don't wanna go back  I think I need to drink that tequila to ease the pain LOL
i have been searching for a pair of forceps to order for an hour.  the sad thing is these forceps will be used to hold a mouse heart 
Four finals down, two to go. I read all 200 questions so now i have a migraine and a tummy ache 
has yet another lurgy 
feeling sickk....coughing up a lung 
@thetoughsams UGH its rainy here  no tanning. and my legs are superrr sore. but i will try to shred anyway!
I gotst a cavity 
@Papsx101 I've been using sporcle.com for my brain workouts.  But I think I've run out of quizzes.  
ah, foot cramp 
says his mind is going numb looking at these matrices...2 sites done...10 to go 
When yr blood tests indicate elevated enzymes in yr liver you can't take tylenol for a headache until you see yr doctor 
tummy ache 
bak and in pain....stood in an ants' nest ouch 
heartburn or an ulcer of some sort. I should be doing more productive things, but I am going to nap bc my insides hurt. 
i hate cramps 
Ugh my back and neck kinda aches. Need a massage 
Tired to be sick and cough my lungs out 
I have a horrible stomachache 
thinking my cold turned into a sinus infection, my teeth are hurting and I am so exhausted. I can feel it all thru my sinuses 
tummy ache 
betcha just left he goin 2 hard rock i wish i could go but i got cramps 
I miss the tingles 
wishing I could help an old friend possibly in need of a bone marrow transplant  
I have a stupid hangnail 
@christinefritz I pulled a muscle today - my muscles are super stiff no matter how much stretching and rolling 
Is super grossed out by the huge pimple! 
thinkin about my surgery 2mrw.. getting my tonsils out at 11:30 
@AzzySpazbourne im sowwy...you didn't tell me about your blister 
tummy ache. kill me now 
My babys got the sniffles 
@DonnieWahlberg how about a hi blayze? i'm in mucho jaw pain 
I might have a pilonidal cyst...  (don't google it. You'll vomit.)
wicked cramps 
suffering from dehydration... NOT a good feeling... 
@meghanwong i can't, i rely on it to wake me up and sometimes i don't hear the vibrate so it has to be loud lol 
I have 3 mouth sores. Euw. I can't eat!!!!! 
is trying to build some muscle  http://plurk.com/p/11iris
@j00lie aww  that's horrible, i hope you feel better asap then. i hate colds -_-
Going to bed early in attempts to sleep off my cough, sore throat, and fever  i'm sick maybe 3x a yr. why now b4 our 8hr rehearsals? grrrr
never showing my birthmarks again 
My tube smells like poppers  *giggles* *bright red* *migraine*
chest infection 
my doctor said im starting to get bad bones from not eating dairy products or calcium pills 
ugh stomach ache...  and I can't sleep!
Oh No.. I think my brain is dying 
@chonnymo they gave me albuterol to clear out my lungs. it works but it doesn't last long 
dizzy is coming 
@heyyitskate yeah. Because H1N1 is transferred through droplets of saliva 
@shonias sorry about weird aches and spasms, ariane! Sounds unpleasant 
suffering with muscle fever...painful  
is down with high fever and brain is overloaded with work...sigh 
cramps getting worst  no energy to move myself except for my fingers at least.
ouch stabbing pains in my side do not rule  fix me
heading to gym eventhough muscle's are still aching 
@aprilgee123 well, its a long story, but in short; i hit the ear drum too hard &amp; am in excrutiating pain 
@DawnYang1 i'm so sorry to hear that. my grandad is also suffering from cancer. its sad to have a loved one suffer. 
has cramps..  ouch..
I want another brain licker 
Dying - ear inferction, sinus headache, stomach ache, and a bit nauseous - anyone have a gun? 
mannnnnnnnn.. its paining tooooooooooo0000000000 much... 
Ahh tummy ache 
doesn't like being hot and sweaty from cleaning! 
I now have blisters because of jumping to much 
i hate my bad condition skin 
 cramps suck your mothers balls! *mentally screams* OUCH!
ugh cramps 
@kraftykoala I think I might be  Or it might just be stress, I have a gland up and ache.
With to the oral surgen and found out i have a blood clot and  he poked it my mouth hurts man i cried ..5 more days of antibotics  i c ...
sinus pressure... i love spring/summer... but don't like the effects on my head. 
forgot my skin sensitivity to sunscreen. now paying for it by breaking out in itchy hives 
@MagicSmiles What is the jab for then? I hate jabs. I am not looking forward to having my cervical cancer jab 
tummy ache 
Thanks to my weak bladder I missed the 2010 train and had to wait 30mins for next one 
just got back from the doctors i had 2 get 4 shots! 4! i was only supposed to get 1!!! but nooo i ended up getting 4!!!! im all achey now 
:: tummy ache 
*ouch* . . . i seriously think i pulled a muscle in my gluteous heinikus. 
has swollen tonsils!!!! not good!!! 
having an upper respitory infection sucks! 
I think my uterus is angry at me 
went to the doctor, sinus infection start of an ear infection, body aches...could it get any worse?  camp meeting really dont wanna go!
@ludovicah *faints* Unfortunately................ I am not attending 
i havee a headachee  watchinn the 5 heartbeats w. my momm
@lostbro1 She's dead... still have the chills though 
My stomaches upset. 
@OParks5683 my tonsils r inflamed due to acid reflux which i didn't treat cause i was misdiagnosed before  so it only got worse
@tlacook I think we share the same brain! I was hoping for better show too.  I also wish I had the @comic_con-going half of the brain! =P
I think I have a corneal abrasion... 
zits suck. grad soon D: , go away you facking pimple!!!!!!! 
I cant stop sneezing 
tummy ache 
I found out I have another large cyst on my ovary but blood filled vs fluid filled. Chances of having my ovary removed are getting higher 
@noemimarie...dont rub it in, i wish i was there  
itchy everywhere 
ahh cramps! 
@tylercaulfield no fevers, thank god. But it really hurts just to swallow my own saliva  i do sweat like a madman in my sleep though too.
I do not appreciate cramps 
When i tell you i have 21 bug bites on my legs that itch like the dickens, i mean it. Calls for an annoying night of impossible rest! 
Ouch!!! I went to the batting cages and got a blister 
has tummy ache 
WOW I never have cramps! UGGGGH  this blows
@ImageryWinery the canker sore  it harts!
@SousaTuba  rub the joints of your jaw in a clockwise motion (where it pops), then apply pressure on your temples...tmj is no fun 
@katherine_baker scrawny thighs? I thought you were going to be a runner?! Injections are nasty 
fever+severe stomach pain=amber was in the sun too much today 
Anyone knows remedies for muscle aches? There was badminton training yesterday and now everywhere hurts 
i hate it when you're ill and it has the type of symptoms that stop you from sleeping properly -_- up all night having coughing fits ftl 
tummy-ache 
I feel like shit right now.......when i cough my chest burns 
has an ache.  A big ole bearded ache. 
Bad weekend start off  got two injections in my butt for migraine pain and deeply feeling like killing my dentist for screwing up my jaw!
@mrsleftybrown they are checking for a brain bleed 
Just woke up and have a terrible atomach ache!! Owwwwww  i think i'm going to cry
@RoamingCammie it has turned into a major chest thing....not thinkingg it's allergies anymore..apparently never was 
Then got a nosebleed 
having a terrible stomachache 
sinuses still acting the fool..... 
well that was annoying.  *deep breaths*
@itchy_mitchy I wish I could get it from you now, but I cant. 
Hnngh. I just got my period. I hate cramps. 
@BCTGB working on exercising brain rather than legs, ideas welcomed! Wish we could help out on the homes front - only room for one atm 
found out i gotta get my tonsils removed and my deviated septum fixed 
@kimberlymdg lol, I like how you have to address us as a unit hehehe, and soon would be my home, but she has a sinus infection. 
I need to see some boobies or something before I slit my wrists. I can't handle anymore disappointments or setbacks. 
ouch...toothache argh i hate toothaches 
@tatumsmommy123 I think it's my ovaries! They hurt so bad 
off to take painkillers AND muscle relaxants....man i want my back to normal ! 
@KathrynSaunt PE kills me  I have a screwed up spine you see, so it hurts 
My sinuses hurt 
my brain is powering down 
@brittanykins it's sooo annoying! because I want to see these pretty ladies I'm following but no I see a vomit green pic instead 
tummy ache 
Getting the last of my cavities filled 
has the worst earache ever. Sadface. 
@Trapes back surgery to try to sort out 2 slipped discs and trapped nerve, only been 3 weeks, but not much difference really 
I have a swollen lymph node which is giving me a toothache from hell! At least it's not a cavity like I originally thought. But still 
itchy foot and it wont go away 
@janessahilliard Something is in the air - allergies, dripping eyes, sinus headaches - uuugggh 
the merkat makes me all dizzy. 
Not feeling well.  stupid cramps!
Leaving! And the cramps have started already... 
cramps hurt like a muther fucking bitch. 
up at 5am getting assignment done &gt;.&lt; head aches, and ulcer on lip burns  all i want is to get back to bed.. *sobs*
burnt my gums, ouch 
i have an ear ache  will it go away or am i gonnahave to go to the doc ? 
@ChoeBe @fromahippie We can survive without it. We don't need this. *twitch* 
@topmodel11; when you used to say my breath was stinking 
I'm 27 and I have my first ever cavity.  
@amandacarlson u think its a long day too?? try working with fever, chills, migraines, and random body aches 
@sherina lay down, rest - dizzy doesn't feel good..! 
@mandyrose4u I had my tonsils out 
I feel so old... getting sick because of chocolates! You know the process: sore throat -&gt; sniffles -&gt; coughs/colds -&gt; headache -&gt; fever. 
I cant figure out cryptoquotes anymore. Wtf brain? 
cough, cough, cough, dang bang goes the chew chew train (: i need to get rid of this sickness 
I managed to pull/strain a muscle in my back from all this coughing. Even as I get over this cold - it gets one over me! 
@katforshort You just keep pouring salt in the wound. 
I need to lay down, cramps from heeeeeeeeeeeeeell 
tummy ache 
cramps are killing me 
ughh.   stress out.
... who needs a pancreas, anyways? 
my arm still hurts.  hates after effects from shots.
i hate having a tooth ache, rather have a broken toe, darn pain is cuzin it to even hurt when i drink  
My stomachache doesn't want to go away. 
lack of a&amp;d ointment for a fresh tattoo= epic FAIL. 
I am sick  coughing fever body aches, headache runny nose... couldn't get out of bed today missed work!  I hate being sick!!!!!!!
@FitMusician how about getting rid of sciatica 
ughhh my stomache is aktiin crazyyy 
I think i just got my first pimple EVER... Thanks Regents!!! 
I'm sick and have a rash 
going to sleep cause my sinuses are acting up again! 
cramps      goodnite
@ILLY5G reminds me of my favorite ex, sniffle sniffle wipes a tear 
starting to get a sinus head ache 
@foxfold mer  do you know what triggers your migraines? It's a yucky feeling, meds on an empty stomach 
tummy ache 
Ugh chest colds are the absolute worst! I am going to the dr tomorrow before my lungs quit working 
Another saline suction round. 
I need the illest back rub. 
strongly questioning: do doc prescribed sinus meds really work? 4 wks in and my sinuses\head still feel exploding doom very near! 
ugh, bloody hay fever 
@nickhac sorry cant make it - staying home with sinus infection instead  #siliconBeach
Still can't get into O&amp;R I'm starting to get withdrawal symptons now 
oooweee cramp 
My goldfish has a swim bladder infection. 
yawn!!! supra sleepy and also have a neck ache... a bad one 
is full of cramps 
My arm still hurts from the needle.  Lyring bitch of a doctor, it does hurt! 
Oh wow, dry cough stage has mutated to dry cough and painful tummy stage 
high temperature, runny nose, headache, dizzzy, sore tummy, body aching, eyes burning, cold, really bad cough, meh feeel so shit, oh man 
had nandos for dinner, my stomach has become peri peri 
brain twitches bad today 
just took one caplet of flu max to relief of my runny &amp; blocked nose..ho hum! thought this silly weekend curse has over 
My arm aches from the injection yesterday 
have i said that i hate rashes before? so ill say it agaaain, i hate rashes 
enngh. stomach ache. 
My tummy is effing painful. That kind of piercing pain around the womb area. 
my surgeon called me early this morning and told me to come in right away, did some tests and think some nerve damage mite have happened. 
@the_nikster I'll try it, but it's weird, it's like it's more in the veins not so much the bones 
having some fabulous allergic reaction to the outdoors  not happy at all. this rash could go away!!!
top lip swolen from what we've worked out to be wasp sting. Looks like i'm not allergic though as got no pain elsewhere. not fun though 
why is my skin all stingy? stupid allergies. This is not a GQMF thing to have. 
humidity = boob sweat and boob sweat is not cool! 
ARRRGHHHH I can't think with this backache 
ughhh my first two cavities ever. 
needles in your back to see which one your allergic to &amp;then finding out your allergic to most of them is not fun  can't scratch either..
is all achey 
Stomach ache 
Awww, my sis has to leave camp early cause she has a fever.   
@ssparrow_81 my blood sugar has been waaaay out of control since yesterday, because of that I'm having migraines and my kidneys hurt 
@sammolsonkasey rub it in why don't you 
wtf is wrong with my insides. they hurt 
ughhh, cramps....    
@spikezezel if I go I will definitely post. I'm not holding my breathe though 
@yelyahwilliams lol, i have a sinus infection too 
@OneDivaC I do. Bout to shower and den curl up in bed.. 
it took my breath away....  http://plurk.com/p/12aggf
#dontyouhate muscle aches 
I have cramps 
I just punched J in the stomach when he said fob sucks except he put his fist infront of his tummy so my right thumb, it's in pain now 
gahh I hate cold sores. they hurrrt 
chicken pox.. comes with itching, ear infection, aching, pain  &amp; UGLINESS
at least vpi covers all of razzle's wellness. hip dysplasia, tho, not so much. 
I hate how its so hard to breath 
tianwugh to shortness of breath and nausea 
got a chest infection 
sam started vomitting..my poor lil man 2 ear infections a throat infec. a stomach virus and a bump on the head 
Icing my joints 
I have coughs and colds..  I'm not feeling well this time.
I have body aches. I'm so uncomfortable  #LOFNOTC
my scalp is burning 
I just ate cow brain.... I don't feel smarter 
; cramps suckk 
oh my lord, they just won't let me sleep stupid cramps  I'll never get any sleep  off to play sims 3 till my cramps are gone....*sigh*
cramps are not fun 
Bedtimeeee. If only my brain knew this. 
will someone please find a cure for a non piggy flu viral lung butter thingy I have! Bruised ribs hurt &amp; chucking up sucks. 
Why can't my brain ever shut off when I'm trying to go to bed? 
@katycassiday boo lameness 
@JohnnyPhamazing one without a permanent scar 
is wondering how he will get on doing the london to brighton bike ride having had no practice and a bad chest infection 
numb leg! ahhh cant feel it. no wait...ah now i can...oh no now pins and needles 
I have a concusion 
Auch, last thing I heard was that he was coming back. He have had some serious cancer illness, didn't know about the liver transplant 
going to hospital. i've got stomachache. 
Feeling slightly poorly, I seem to have somehow inherited @nellclothing s inflammatory tonsils, gah.... 
@lukepurser kidney infection. 
@Gurlstrange I haven't had runny nose for a LONG time... so for me, it would be coughs, especially the wheezing kind 
Dammit, I'm so tired I'm not tired (you insomniacs know what I mean) and I have cramps now  #squarespace #trackle
tummy ache 
tummy ache 
high temperature, runny nose, headache, dizzzy, sore tummy, body aching, eyes burning, cold, really bad cough, meh feeel so shit, oh man 
up late.. up early! grr! i need my my nurse lance! save me!!! &quot;sneeze sneeze, cough cough, sniffle sniffle&quot; 
there's a hole in my burn blister and it keeps leaking icky fluid. me no likey 
hate my thighs  alcohol=kilojoules=fat
@UndisputedDJs oh nooo!! i'm sowwy  get some eye drops and a cold water compress, it'll @ least ease the swelling
I think have a kidney infection  I just want to be sleeping in some air conditioned place in a nice bed with popsicles and snuggles.
oww oww fuggety oww bad cramps 
@mjfreaky  good cus my disease is driving me nuts. I got an heavy pinky aura of colitis and all the shenanigans that follow.
itch is gone just need to get rid of the aftermath red spots all over my thighs 
ugh stomach ache!Z 
back home via nan's. no broken bones. just soft tissue. painkillers they gave me starting to work... but gave me none to come away with 
@kateisacreeper my kidneys ache 
@rachelblahh &amp; @somethingsandly i'm still up. haven't finished legal. scared out of my brains. still up? 
@mqrolliger I've been holding my breath when I open mine ... 
dealing with the stress of losing my wallet. 
i have a new tooth ache..sigh 
tummy ache 
pulled a muscle in my bum, gutted ! 
@JoeTheDough its running along some type of nerve my doctor said   He said something about loss of sensation on the left side of my body.
@LukeBarker it's horrible!!! flat just doesnt smell the same without you  x
My lips are SO dry! All this stupid saxaphone playing has ruined them  And I'm sure eating a grapefruit didn't help much...
I just realized sparring when your angry isnt worth it... as soon as I got my gums busted i got suicides for goin hard and drawin blood 
mya got lily.. i think she needs stitches  but maybe they figured it all out now and can stop all this ridiculousness!
@hjgroff Much better thanks, but still very stiff and sore... I'm moving very slowly lol No booze with the muscle relaxants 
is still suffering from the worst stomach cramps and wants someone to take care him  ouch!
My cramps hurt so much 
I think I'm developing lockjaw.  It's making eating my doughnuts remarkably difficult 
why does stomach-ache have to hurt so much? 
Hates colds. Especially when it's 90 degrees out.  
On tenterhooks this evening, - monitoring hubby's health he might need admitting to hospital for infection in leg     xxx
On tenterhooks this evening - monitoring my hubby's health. He might need to be admitted to hospital for infection in leg     xxx
is sick to my stomache! 
i have a bad habit of snacking when i get bored it sucks i can see the calories climbing 
 I think I have a cavity...
I have two aches 
I hate cramps 
I'm really not dumb, just in love... It clouds my brain 
is so god daymm bored and has the worst stomache acheee 
got burned b/c she is stupid and forgot to sunscreen her chest 
suffering from this humidity 
I took a kick to the lower abdomen in mma class today, and now my bladder is aching like a pregnant woman 
@TimothyH2O I hate the smell and feeling of sunscreen 
Is going through tissues too fast. 
@tommcfly I wanted to be feeling that smell 
tummy ache 
so far no real changes since my first infusion... other than a huge bruise from the needle 
throat hurtsssss like ouchy. 
@yelyahwilliams poor hayley!  sinus?
tummy ache 
so this is what excrutiating pain feels like. fuck sunburns. i didnt even know it was possible to get burnt on your shins. 
sniffle, sniffle, cough, cough 
woke up with killer cramps. 
poor @kombucha_kitten, sunburns suck.  and poor @deltafine! ear aches suck!
tummy ache 
Ugh, having the squirts 
@DaniAlexLuna and that isnt like him so we hope it didnt go to his brain he does have more tumors on his liver so its not filtering right 
I should take another pill or two,my nerves are out of control 
has a tummyache . and chest pains 
hates having a throat infection!! 
Passing out from exhaustion 
@aliciabellelite i got huuuuggggeeee cramps and im dyinggg  save me lol.
i'm holding every breath for you 
I can't donate bone marrow because I have asthma 
I hate monthly cramps. 
Morning breath! 
still coughing my lungs out.. 
I hurt, had to get a 17cm cyst removed from my ovary 
major growing pains  here i come heating pad.
My crooked jaw provides migraines, a smaller earhole(sry earbuds), and (mild)toothaches. 
I have the worst cramps right now! 
Owwwww!! These cramps are soooo painefull!!!!!  xxx
is sick of her rubbing it in 
but cramps is backk 
Having a lot of trouble breathing   Probably another stupid chest infection *sigh*
sore as, muscles are tight and sore.  
@rodbonios Coconut water also improves kidney function, helps reduce the size of some types of kidney stones. Lots of calories tho! 
i'm hungry but my gallbladder said no 
achy, hot, sore....I want my mummy and some warm soup 
Reading the newspaper with a headach ouchie 
my neck is red like a boiled lobster and is giving off massive amounts of heat.  
has been having bad headaches and tummy aches for the past week! 
I have tummy ache 
Wow I haven't had motion sickness in since I was little...argh don't feel good 
I hate my insides 
tummy ache and head ache 
The tiredness is coming over me like a spit-roast with a sperm whale. 
@vasbestkept sorry I couldn't help keep you up lovely sinuses beatin me down 
urgh feel dreadful - achey limbs, headache &amp; sore throat along with nausea, lovely 
arg hand cramp 
My cat just had a muscle spasm/fit... i feel so sorry for her!!! 
cramps. 
@NiuB the only organ food I eat is beef liver, well, I can muster other kind of liver if I have to, but the rest is just 
I have an earache and it hurts!! 
is worried - crampy and a little spotty  
Yiiiiikes my insides are soreeee. 
@ElliottSeiji K had terrible grooming accident resulting in her having an open cyst on her tail.  
ouchy!!  ouchy!! I am so sore I don't know what to do 
watching the proposal actually. i think i have strept throat omg!  my tonsils have pus on them hah
@BeaniesAndBows yeah, i am in the itchy stage.  i just want to scratch all over.  I look like a lobster 
wow heat plus fatness = sweat which = and unhappy nick  but i got purple drank
owie.egad it hurts 
@leuler those are the worst bruises...cause you can't show em off!  (nor do you want to)
@mikehamlyn I was busy feeling poorly on the sofa - have throat infection 
UGH I hate the smell of fried fish.. 
Laying on the couch with a major backache 
 I have cramps..whoo hoo, how fun....
@Misadventures ouch!  do you have any arnica to help with the bruising?
At emergency with my dad ...he seems to have a slight fever...also his left knee is very swollen...just found out he has a uti 
i have a stupid cyst. 
My breathing = not good 
my kidneys hurt 
i have my mother's problems. varicose veins and cellulite. i can't wear shorts anymore. 
i hate cramps! 
@izeek did you eat my my last skillet sensations????????   
sinus infection 
suspects she has colic..... unfortunatly out of buscopan for the cramps, so I'll have to make do with curling up under a blankie! 
itchy throat 
has head ache 
rub it in why don't ya'll 
too many pimple 
fucking cramps  how can i make them go away?? help!!!
My brain is melting!!!!! 
@iiHYP I just wanted you to kno that your reply to me was very mean..I had to grab my chest to smolder the pain 
Stomach ache. 
Is feeling dizzy and not to cool 
ouchy ouch 
@mileycyrus i had an ear ache tooo turned out to be an ear infection  it suckss !!!!!!!!
about to start working...having the sniffles is not fun 
@amysav83 hot and sweaty! 
i got my first cavity 
has wittle blisters on her chest 
Arms still hurt + swollen from injections. owieee.  x
Omfg I have a pimple ! 
I got this horrible rash  ouch!!!!!
It is so muggy tonight.  You shower then 5 mins later your sweaty again 
hot flushes 
pure bord off my brain 
@keonnaxo The seatbelt smells like you, I miss you. 
i'm pissed. i have a cavity. 
my skin is rebelling against me. It's an all out war. 
I think I need my tonsils out.  They hurt
Nausious  I feel so sick &amp; dizzy
Feeling a sinus infection coming on 
@jamescantbeseen NO.  It's so sad. I was trying to go out earlier to get tissue, but they were all yelling at me saying to not go out. :|
 i have been having the worst cramps lately.
@nmseq  so sorry about your eye ulcer  is there anything that can be used to help, like a salve or drops? or warm compress? *hugs*
tummy ache 
huah stomachache 
@vonmc ugh, that's annoying since it says it goes up to 18! must have sold out of it.  comments said it ran small thru chest, it does.
is wondering why his stupid tonsils had to go and get infected! 
worse news ever!! grandma has colon cancer, liver cancer, stomach cancer which has spread to the abdominal wall!! its not cureable   
 i hope i dont have any weird brain problem or disease  i think ill be fine though. the nurse doesnt sound too worried.
@roundgoldfish1  *sniffle*
tummy ache 
tummy ache 
has itchy itchy itchy itchy itchy legs 
That weird tingling on my neck better not have been a bug 
@emfrance I got a blister from them baby 
here comes the cramps. oh goodness! 
i have the worst cramps ever. 
lost 30% of her voice.. cold and sinus prob  urgh
Shingles are no fun  I recommend not getting them, they never go away. I still have shooting pains up my spine in the nerves from them. No
 Girlfriend is in surgery, nothing really serious, but I hate she has to have total narcosis.
no.. not allergies.. had a sinus infection  glad i caught it early
On the plus side, this week I did not have to deal with blood or faeces ... but I did double the other bodily fluids  Now, 2 weeks off!
@WarrenBeckett I found a bone in my milkshake 
Feeling dizzy, weak, achy, and feverish. Yay. 
@lindseyraye That sounds mind numbing 
....*sniffle* its too late 
Morning, I have cramps 
I have two canker sores right next to each other. 
Why have I yet to buy more hayfever medication?! I don't know which is worse: the sneezing fits or the sore, irritated eyes. 
my coughing it wont stop 
my noes is blocked, my eyes are itchy and watery and my head hurt  stupid allergies!
worked on 5 bone marrow cases today! All + for cancer! 
i really have muscle ache and i don't know why. it hurts soo much. 
is off to go and have her chicken pox vaccination, normally the one giving the injections and not on the receiving end  ouch ouch ouch
@erikochan ugh....melty brain is soooo not fun 
starting with sore throat, runny nose, muscle aches and then fever. flu symptoms please go away 
when will this chest infection go away? 
 I has sazzy's cruddy disease, i feel so sicky!
In English and bored out of my brain. 
Feeling miserable with hayfever taking over my life and crippling cramps 
i get the stomachache 
@MPsLadyScorpio dont rub it in 
awl man.! my pimple left a scar.! 
says I have cramps.  http://plurk.com/p/13vw13
http://www.oceanup.com/3.html nick testifying for diabetes. he pricks his finger 12 times a day  We need a cure for type 1 diabetes!!
I seem to be getting more pimples lately... maybe mum was right all along? No more chocolate for me. 
can't sleep. cramps. 
I was just told i have gestational diabetes. damn this sucks! gotta prick my finger and test my blood 
I was just told i have gestational diabetes. damn this sucks! gotta prick my finger and test my blood 
@Alvhin it was a caress, not a pinch 
I have a kidney infection, oh joy 
I lost 0.5% of my brain cells thanks to the fusion process on my forehead which I cannot stop 
think I have yet another kidney infection 
my brain is officially broken.  
wtf im upset my auto immune disease is progressing and i cant start treatments till after baby is born. 
rawr!  boredd out of my brain 
@skoop 'cause it's exactly those kinds of movements in the wrists that cause it :/ but maybe I'm wrong. You'll see 
Its as easy as breathing. 
@mehulved nope...from trauma to the thorax 
@socialrobot Thanks for saving my shoe! He's made a full recovery and the mud trauma is minimal 
@hayley9214 She's okay.  They thought her neck was broken, and she was immobilized. But then they gave her muscle relaxants, and
@RachelStarrxxx I hope you get better soon  just make sure you have alot of fluids 
Is totally prescribingtm the 'dr' john hocks remedy to any physical ailment = drink more 
Waking up to the smell of breakfast 
@mommyaulait definately! haha although that masque made my cheeks even more red..but i'm nice and moisturized now 
sex on the brain 
@elibrody you mean you are going to breath less? 
@StopChronicPain tickle! 
@doolallys totally love those types of books that get the brain juices flowing 
ahh, it's fixed and the bladder's empty. 
is realizing I don't one drop of caffeine this lovely morning as @Marikurisato is being pumped directly into my veins. ty! 
@mrskutcher whether because of illness or other causes, it's always good when normal returns 
@lilygetcrunkk septum and you are coming 
every muscle in my body is sore from weights which is great,but i have some damn middle ear problem! whinge whinge haha 
@Okeetee123 and probably hot and sweaty...! LOL! 
@patrickolszo I'd donate my brain... as long as I'm definitely not still in there when they start poking at it 
well hello there congestion. I love it when you create a blockage for my nasal passages so I can't breath 
@damnitdarryl Awww... little pudge ball... 
stitch is eating my brains. 
have smothered the itching perifories in predinisolone cream - wonderful invention, which I am currently overusing. But the itching goes 
@rfhbill this is rebekah's vocal cords....congrats to your colon 
sneezing my brains out and going to bed 
the tingle of nettle stings still on my legs from last nights ride - a good feeling 
hmmmn i just found out that laughing burns calories....... i laugh alot so yay  ?
Here I was racking my brain and @stephdanforth was on google.  I'm done.   LOL
@wondroushippo i like to keep ALL parts of my brain active. 
Is sittin here relaxing with a full stomache 
i think a mouse just dies under our oven.. we have talon under there, and i heard it squeaking in pain.. R.I.P mouse. 
I have got very big stiffness...S Aaaauuu :/ 
has bought a load of @mileycyrus tissues  i'm waaaay too cool.
too bad stress doesn't burn as many calories as running...or I'd be good to go 
@vipvirtualsols Only if it also squirts out of my tear ducts as well 
2 cuts &amp; 9 blisters later taylor was totally worth it! I am kind of in pain tho but for rob id go through worse! 
pink cupcakes heal all wounds 
I write for one audience, me and my brain 
@rosieroserosie can't believe i wasn't following you! am now  have an anatomy prac tmw so tonight i'm all about structr of the lwr limb 
A sweat sweat deal? I thought he was sweet... It starts with pronouns, and then moves onto spelling Trentles.. 
@zzybug thankfully it's just a really bad sinus infection. they're just watching out for me since i've traveled recently. thanks though 
@from10to300mm gut 
@1cincymom We're bringing some tissues! 
@AaronDeane inhale the dro.  blow it out slow. 
heather saw my septum! 
@tylermichaels:  you will make it.  no sweat.  
@sylviayam did you find squirt too??? 
@eastaustinite awwww but he's handsome! I'll take him  wait. when you say vomit... what exactly do you mean?
@mightymarlz use your brain use your brain lar 
@enzym stress dich ned 
@hotvogue LOL we were using kleenex tissues.. AHAHAH 
chris and i are glad to be home. he is a little sore from his vet visit when they took out 14 teeth!! now he is soaring on pain meds 
@rachelyeah take tissues! 
Another successful event for @susangkomen in memory of betty wood! may day - we need a cure for breast cancer raised $356!! way to go! 
@DaniLugosi @EmilySkintight knackered, insane and i need a cure to ease the brain! 
@livbambola I KNOW. even i can't keep up! have fun! give him a virtual tickle for me 
hmm 'brain transplant' would suggest there is some brain left to replace. probably wrong 
@simonbrown that'll be a sheep skin for max comfort 
i got my head ache a while ago. its cramping me off my bed. grrr, haha, 
good vibrations 
drinking my @fijiwater right now  the minerals in it help with sore muscles 
@amiemccarron you got it right, my brain IS melting 
@NcCarterFamily I am a sneezy early bird.   How are you?
that sinus infection of mine last nov. was good for something after all  *types away*
@lipmag schweet! i'll hold my breath until you do teehee. just kidding 
Just had a shave, dayyymme I hate shaving rashes.. solutions please ...?? 
@jerrymannel Ladies with ant sized brains are harder to understand than the ant with less/no brain 
@soloingles  pinky and the brain ;)
@superdimple don't worry, you're not alone. there are lots of us who at one point in our lives have had pimple/s on our scalp. cheers 
All geared up and the brain goes dead 
@garymurning hmm *smells new blood*  and such a pretty neck it is too! 
I have a sinus infection. And i got stickers for my friends 
kiri's healing renske's neck, or something like that. kiri could be the next jomanda 
@dodimar ah, i see   have you seen nhatz's wounds then?
@mzishi awww ishi..just smell them b4 u throw em away 
@filce I like that smell too 
@s_b_g @SayraOatcakes no terrors yet thank god. just the involuntary twitch and short term memory loss  *twitch*
@missgreens *here's a tissue hon* 
Sheesh, sometimes work really interferes with the twittering, can you imagine the nerve? 
@scenery_j did you get your snapple? u should have gotten a coke though. a glass of that heavenly nectar fixes colds and all other pains! 
@valium_ O.O sounds rather nice! Haaah the envy 
@bradgallaway It's changing all those diapers. Probably fogs the brain a bit. Or maybe it's just age. 
@juliemccoy88 I liked chopped liver though...... 
Just got back from my yearly skin cancer check... I am all good  Always worries me, grandma had skin cancer
Put in my eardrops so hopefully I'll sleep peacefully 2nite &amp; wake up all better 
@slaiseail There is no *wince* pain.  ;)  In certain pos's it hurts to lift my arm (muscle's bruised)... oh &amp; I have a techni-color leg. 
still at the or. i've seen veins, intertines, tonsils, a uterus.. hahaha love it! 
@katharotes Perhaps it's just as good, we don't want you to start gnawing away on your pillow while sleeping, could end badly 
sweaty and tired and achey.... but feelin good 
@nadyadee I guess he's looking a little bony 
@LydonTweets I was  even the after burps were delicious 
I love the smell of rainnn. It's beautiful outside. 
@PuppyZach I SO need a belly rub 
@NikkiBenz thank you so much but i apologize for lying - i did have brains until lichelle fucked them out earlier 
@magnusholmgren *waves* Morning lazy bones 
