Most common words for this cluster:
[('afternoon', 189), ('morning', 133), ('night', 45), ('day', 33), ('evening', 19), ('http', 16), ('com', 15), ('today', 15), ('p', 13), ('plurk', 13), ('weekend', 12), ('yesterday', 7)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'afternoon', 0.9679338335990906), (u'morning', 0.9533984065055847), (u'evening', 0.8226453065872192), (u'night', 0.7671377658843994), (u'Friday', 0.7037991881370544), (u'afteroon', 0.680336594581604), (u'Monday', 0.6764615774154663), (u'midday', 0.6746572256088257), (u'Saturday', 0.6623497605323792), (u'Thursday', 0.661888062953949)]





thought sleeping in was an option tomorrow but realizing that it now is not. evaluations in the morning and work in the afternoon! 
@thecampingforum if the forcasters are to be believed we'll be lucky of it lasts till this afternoon 
soooo not looking forward to my solicitors appt this afternoon 
@kisskissV no. i am working at jaloux in the morning then over with you at night. morning to close.  i only have like a few hours break
is not looking forward to this afternoon... 
So not ready to go back to work this week!  Not looking forward to the morning
is going to have to work hard this afternoon rather than enjoying the sunshine 
@caitlincribb me too... I spent all afternoon in bed 
good afternoon - today's too nice to work in a basement 
Working today morning, afternoon, and evening. 
has nowt to do this afternoon so is boreeeedddd! 
forcing myself to go to sleep.  so much happening in the morning!  too much coffee late night.  
This morning my moped stopped, a leak in the cilinder head (again)  hopefully i can repear it this afternoon.
Annnddd I will have a hangover in the morning/afternoon... 
Loooong day. 666 in the morning!!! I really miss @chancevondoom. 
I must sleep now or I can't wake up tomorrow morning. But I don't want this night to end yet 
is wondering where kellidaisy is...haven't see her all afternoon 
napped the whole afternoon away... 
good morning all it's a very rainy day here  
Wings lost this afternoon in the third overtime session.  
@PaulandKat so sad, I was watching the last episodes this afternoon 
was supposed to go to work at 5 in the morning not 5 in the evening 
not feelin' so well in d afternoon.. 
it was sunny here this morning so we thought we'd go out this afternoon but the weather had other plans 
doesn't want to work this afternoon/evening 
afternoon wooo the clouds look like they want to snow outside.. they wont tho  this is australia..
It is raining this morning so no bikeing to work today.  hopefully it will clear a bit this evening.
Overall good day. But I miss you @desireey I hope you feel better in the morning 
i don't now why but in the weekend i always wake up at 8 in the morning  and that's so to early !!
had headache this morning and puked..starting to have a bad day 
morning peepz! last night was great, but i have to work today and i'm sooo tired! 
preparing to leave for dumaguete this afternoon... 
watched the grey's finale at 2 this morning. 
very very cold morning  hopefully this is the last one until fall.
@kwells2416 And a good morning to you! Hawks lost game one yesterday afternoon.  But, the series is still young! How was your weekend?
fed up. been a looonnng morning, and the afternoon isnt looking any more exciting 
stayed up waayyyyy to late last night.. this morning hit hard 
feeling really down this afternoon 
Is attempting to do from half 9 in the morning to half 11 at night in the library. 
I've been having headahces every afternoon for a week now 
Apparently I can't direct message this afternoon - the first of those was @weisslu 
Going coaching this afternoon, i dont want to go  x
i just had a nice afternoon and evening at eastwood yesterday. i wanna eat yellowcab! 
having my morning coffee.. what a night. 
has work this afternoon 
says good (or should i say bad?) afternoon!  http://plurk.com/p/wxpdj
@ameliapontes getting there sat afternoon I think. No costume yet  womp wompppppp
Not looking forward to this long trip in the morning. I'm sick 
Is definitely working sunday afternoon to late evening 
T'was a dark and stormy...morning 
I guess its the supermarket then, as I am not getting my afternoon out in edinburgh. 
that was a hard evening yesterday and now feeling not so good 
I had a loooooooong night!  And an early morning.   I don't want to go to work today!
This is not how i planned to spend my afternoon. 
I just spent the afternoon lying on the couch and now I feel like I need a nap 
@mebner  @muehlburger  I've been busy with programming till now, will start writing this afternoon 
booking into camp again tmr morning ... won't be out till the weekend ... 
Last night was a blast... but this morning was not so much fun 
the day feels extra long. but probably because i got to work at 8 this morning. 
has too many errands to run this afternoon. 
@megelder Going this afternoon - had too much stuff to do this morning  It's just as well or I'd just be wanting to nap this afternoon!
@doubleL621 I'm sorry  I'll look for a happy for you later this afternoon.
it has been too hot to work this afternoon ... not got much done 
groggy from this afternoon 
been up since 2:30 this morning. not fun.  dreading trying to sleep tonight now...
not feeling great at all today, was up during the night being very sick and the again this morning. 
It's a boring afternoon...I wish I could go home now... 
is really hungry after not taking afternoon tea to work today 
doesnt want to go to college this afternoon 
what a boring afternoon 
ouch... lonely day since afternoon comes.. 
slept all yesterday afternoon, and last night, and i still feel like crap 
@BrandyandIce I might stalk you this afternoon, I'm a bit bored 
This is one hot,unprogressive afternoon 
ewh got up early this morning thinking i had to go into school............... i don't not until this afternoon 
Another sunny day but it will rain again in the afternoon 
hoping to get to #ecsm this afternoon, though that means I'll miss @cybersoc's preso  I'm speaking tomorrow morning
@ingridmoo I know what you mean...ive been cranky all afternoon 
Why am I up so early on a summer morning?? 
@TrinityComedy afternoon 
...i hate IT  ehhhhhh!!! good afternoon twatties
yehhh I thought,its the weekend but no not for me im working again in the morning arggg!! 
went out last night and got absolutely smashed, now im paying for it this morning.. 
@musikluvr10 Prolly early afternoon!!! 
is still wearing her pjs though its late in the afternoon already 
My 360 red ringed this morning  I've had it since day one.
ahhh where did my afternoon go? 
working this afternoon, then not sure, supposed to rain tonight 
overslept, got lost, and missed my sat this morning 
running errands all morning/afternoon then working tonight 
Last minute packing! I wanted to sleep the whole morning 
@sammiebabyy haha. Just don't lock yourself out like I did last night - $130 to get in this morning 
I can't make it to the shoot this afternoon  UGGHH!
@maribelaperez awww don't remind me   it hasn't hit me fully yet that I will not be able to see you every morning and night LOL
I slept away the afternoon too. 
If I felt ill before an afternoon kip, I feel worse now, headache will not budge 
@Stelephone haha i know what you mean. you should really come with us this afternoon 
@LaurenBDrake But it may all turn around by mid-afternoon 
what a cold autumn morning.... 
Naaaaaawwwww, @mpurse is going away for a night and I can't go too because I have to work the next afternoon. 
is feeling the pain this morning from all her work this weekend 
Oh I really don't want to go back to work this afternoon 
No afternoon well wishes? I know when I'm not wanted. 
cramming for afternoon meetings 
definitely slept from 7:30 last night to 10:30 this morning. i think i'm good. but it's raining outside 
wow afternoon naps suck haha i woke up more tired than when i fell asleep 
@wanderlustwomen Thank you, been a very sad afternoon 
goodbye internet for all the afternoon 
Praying that my afternoon does not turn out as disappointing as my morning 
a bit of a miserable afternoon 
@vickytcobra We had nice weather this morning, then thunderstorm all afternoon too. 
morning!! i feel awesome today! yeahh!! (i feel bad too for not Tweeting last night..  )
I slept all afternoon, now I feel worse then when I went to bed.  
the day of the night after..good morning people! i need breakfast.. 
good morning! i have my exam in few hours  i hate the weather  it rained the whole night...
afternoon... found out i got a heematoma?? on me leg!! 
SO did not want to wake up this morning   at least i finally have some time this evening to just relax
@arneybundchen no no i just visit him, dis afternoon w/ y'all, is dat wrong?i just want 2 c him,cause he's sick and i'm sick to hear that 
Not looking forward to my afternoon workout. 
@rogersmcgazza Can empathise - my little girl had her 3rd set of imms this afternoon 
urg i sleep all afternoon and now i can' t sleep.. 
i'm going to be reading my book all night  so i can be finish with it in the morning.
@fgarcia3 98 this afternoon...heat index in the low 100s  starting off in the upper 70s/low 80s this morning...low 90s by noon 
was doing so well with waking up. And now, blah, waking up in the afternoon again 
Ughhh worst night ever, was so sick from the afternoon until now 
@kjsmith87  We're going to miss you at the meeting this afternoon... 
but what was normal in the evening, by the morning seems insane.......... 
Too hot to play outside this afternoon  what to do? What to do?!?
I hate the rain  .. especially when the morning is beautiful and the afternoon turns ugly.
Has to go to some dreadful and pointless gathering this afternoon. 
@julien2021  Was going to download this afternoon...should I wait?
morning, i dont even have to be up this early but i am :| exam this afternoon  failure.
This afternoon, I try to go out but it's very difficult   !
It good good afternoon they just pick him up 30min ago....i think they went shopping  with out him  @juicyfruit4u
its looks to be a rainy afternoon and evening 
 fantastic..it's probably cause of the messaging last night/morning..
Bad day today : fell off my bike in the morning and twisted my ankle in the evening 
Hot afternoon 
Feeling really rough this morning, not looking forward to working this weekend 
good morning ^^ what should i say... it was a hard week... 
best day ever..wosrt morning ever. 
@magaliclara good morning I didn't sleep the whole night 
Completely exhausted  Not much sleep last night. Another pick up in the morning.
what a nice afternoon. such a same i am working 
@SumbodyTrippin deng I haven't heard from you all week! No morning shououts no nuthing! U must be mad at me.  lol
@Teradawn sorry to tell you, it is supposed to be super muggy this afternoon 
A cool afternoon, but i was bored 
No!!! All my afternoon pts are showing up.  after a morning of no shows, I'm feeling very lazy
I slept in today...missed my morning class and was too tired to go to the afternoon class.    Not feeling too hot.
Working the morning away  But planning to spend the afternoon photographing pearls.
@SarahHen @FeistyKel @tantoamore you'll all be missed this afternoon 
good afternoon..! so bored in here.. 
@TheTweeterMama have u called my twitterpapi left me hanging last night and ain't even hit me up this morning 
Just woke up  not feeling it this sat morning
feeling really fed up this afternoon 
gaaah so tired  had to wake up too early today...off to get ready for a longer afternoon/night around town
After prepping the dining room last night, and then all afternoon today, we are about two and a half hours away from painting. 
has had a good day/afternoon and is now upset it's over 
good afternoon i am sleepy 
is not refreshed by my afternoon nap 
@Anonymousboy03 Aw no, that was just like what *I* was thinking this afternoon! I truly hope you DON'T have swine flu!  
One of my dogs died this afternoon  I'm heartbroken.
The whole afternoon I've cycled and now I am exhausted 
@irenex33 i'm good but I couldn't go to sleep last night  I went to sleep at like 7:35 in the morning and woke up now at 12:45ish
soo tired  . .  haha . . nice evening yesterday;)
Home, all afternoon 
http://twitpic.com/87j9a - it was dark in the afternoon.... 
Productive morning turned into unproductive afternoon. 
I guess tonight wasn't movie night  I have to work in the morning anyways...:'(
What a horrible afternoon 
@djmobeatz 9:10 every morning all summer 
 morning. another day
 sore throat today - working on the powerlines webcopy again this morning &amp; then off to no.2 son's sports day this afternoon
good afternoon.. I feel sick! 
is not feeling so well  long afternoon ahead.
I have to go to physiotherapy this afternoon 
back to work...much radio repairing this afternoon 
back from summer morning workouts; feel the burnn... at 8 in the morning 
Having a goooooood afternoon 
says good afternoon.  http://plurk.com/p/n0nir
@phinnia I love your good-night message. Even though I read them in the morning! 
@LdyDisney I missed the good night, so I'll respond with good morning. 
was ridiculously tired last, and let myself sleep in this morning. feeling mostly rested and ready for the day. i think 
says good afternoon!  http://plurk.com/p/oyahe
had a great night! bed soon and singing in the morning 
@understandniche And goodnight, still afternoon here though 
Enjoying my morning coffee, will need a few of them to wake up after that great night 
@LadyMelancon good afternoon 
@SaintAelphaba What's going on this afternoon? 
good afternoon 
@emilyosmentpage morning emily! i hope you have a great day 
@kmcusick btw good morning/afternoon 
@dorritos yeah it sucks!  maybe my afternoon nap didnt really help thoughh.. 
...and this morning ...and afternoon !  ? http://blip.fm/~4mjha
@krissysalisbury good morning/evening to you   so glad to hear you're getting some nice weather.  it was gorgeous at the beach yesterday
Be on in the afternoon! 
@Kalediscope morning have a good day 
@SugarPixel good morning...although its afternoon here   How are you?
says good afternoon.  http://plurk.com/p/pbquy
up &amp; getting ready... fitting this afternoon!! 
@cetingizem good afternoon 
@RealJessicaAlba good afternoon!have a nice weekend 
@resiliencyyy morning to you jaz.... and a good afternoon to me 
Morning twitterbirds.. busy day today.. have more enzyme kinetics this afternoon followed by more partying this evening!! 
At the office this morning so I can hopefully enjoy the sunny afternoon 
some me time this morning and perhaps into the afternoon . . . and i think i deserve it! 
@tikitik not yet, I've just heard that song this afternoon and it's got a nice ring to it 
good afternoon. here i am  starting my day..
@kingboola good afternoon 
waiting for mum! then out with her for the evening.circus in the morning 
@zeedlle Especially since it's the afternoon. 
says good afternoon  http://plurk.com/p/rhd0s
Yet another lovely afternoon 
Expecting company that night means cleaning that morning. 
@thelane afternoon  are you well?
good morning day!! i'm ready to take you on... 
@MalcolmOutLoud aaaw, you're the best! warning: i'm working until 1 a.m. tonight, so i might be sleep-deprived and cranky in morning 
had such a good morning, afternoon and night!! 
The day is gone, the night has come, the morning will soon be here. . 
going to bed class in the morning..at least this was an eventful weekend. 
morning all!!! have a blessed day!!! 
alphonso milkshake in the morning, lassi in the afternoon and fresh nimbupaani in the evening....summers can be fun 
@david_bdml big storm here yesterday and last night. But a bright new day this morning here 
is going to a wedding in the afternoon 
@yellowpeel The sight of it made my afternoon 
good afternoon.  http://plurk.com/p/suyev
@CheekyKerri Defo can't wait we will have a nice afternoon and some music 
@julinka73 good afternoon to you 
@cursedbyevil haha thank you  good afternoon
@guillermooo last night or this morning? 
Another beautiful morning, it is indeed a great day to be alive! 
@ctham good night... And good morning... 
@edgybaby noo i love my night classes lol i hate the kiddys in the morning ; well i get out at 9 so just lmk 
@neverdainty good afternoon din 
afternoon all  how's every1? x x
@LauraWhittaker afternoon 
@rebeccaholder You can't beat an early afternoon G&amp;T.  
good afternoon twitter 
good morning twitterpeeps... 15 more minutes before i must get out of bed... 
good morning twittees! hope u all have a great day! 
@cockneycomic ...lol...good morning/good afternoon friend 
http://twitpic.com/55s4x - this is what i get to spend my afternoon with 
@_KrystalStarr good afternoon my twear 
@FizzyDuck lol i still need to go to bed for the night!  it's not even 2 in the morning here yet! 
Oh what a night/morning      
@HimOverThere Gooood morning! (or afternoon in 5 minutes) 
afternoon all 
morning! i slept like a little angel last night 
Here its afternoon 
Sleeping the whole afternoon away  I need it!
 good morning/afternoon. Things will be great today.
good morning world, even though its 2 in the afternoon. 
i like cake  i made one this afternoon  x
@chrisbaskind I miss the mountains so much. It's that climate in the morning/evening all summer long. sighs 
Goooor morning twitterettes!!! What a great weekend! 
@ifuseekjaiwhore hey che. good afternoon! 
good morning  had a lovely weekend but it went so fast, back to reality now, work to be done
says good afternoon  ~ @tristan14 http://plurk.com/p/uipxr
says good afternoon!  http://plurk.com/p/uiqf1
It's a sunny and windy morning this morning, a good cheerful start to the week after breaking myself at the weekend 
midday break finally 
@Its_SiAN maths exam this afternoon? 
@DarkPiano @theladywrites good morning to both of you!  It's going to be a fabulous day... 
I hope you have great morning and week! 
good morning! should be a beautiful day 
@imaginateur good morning, afternoon ure time now, hope u r having a good day!!  
friday afternoon/evening will be good  then saturday at samanthas! 
is looking forward to our visitor @Marichan who will be arriving this afternoon! 
@duciaestherine i guess you just had the greatest afternoon nap ever. 
good afternoon 
@maltpress I did that last night/this morning 
says good afternoon  http://plurk.com/p/vfqt4
says good afternoon!  http://plurk.com/p/vfvmp
@PritePriteGood its midday here 
its a beautiful morning - have a good day 
what a great morning to start my long weekend 
@MAKAEL86 morning makael... how are u.. hope u have a great day    !!!
@TheDailyGoss good afternoon 
good morning! another beautiful day 
Bright and early good morning twitches  recording all day, then heading back home this evening!
@Loudie thank you!!  how r u this morning/afternoon?? What time is it there??
@sarahkathrina good afternoon! Ahahaha 
says good afternoon  http://plurk.com/p/whbd4
good morning. this seems to be a nice day 
I have to go to bed now good night i'll tweet in the morning!  
says afternoon  http://plurk.com/p/wxdmj
says good afternoon  http://plurk.com/p/wxtg5
just woke up from a good afternoon nap! 
its a windy afternoon! i bet its going to rain! 
