Most common words for this cluster:
[('again', 398), ('day', 23), ('today', 22), ('work', 14), ('time', 14), ('com', 13), ('i', 13), ('na', 13), ('week', 11), ('home', 11), ('http', 10), ('phone', 9)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'AGAIN', 0.9988104104995728), (u'HE_DID_NOT', 0.7631239891052246), (u'STILL', 0.7594420313835144), (u'BIG_TIME', 0.7576155662536621), (u'YET_AGAIN', 0.7425217032432556), (u'ALL_OVER', 0.7423617243766785), (u"WE_'LL", 0.7396631240844727), (u'GO_AWAY', 0.7357717156410217), (u'LET_THEM', 0.7337741851806641), (u'TOO_LATE', 0.7336410284042358)]





@saturngirl ha ha ha, *cap doffed*. Okay you are right. Camping in the Cotwolds AGAIN for me.    ;)
stuck in college AGAIN 
WHY IS IT SNOWING AGAIN ?!      
is stuck babysitting my sister AGAIN! 
shit ! I'm sick AGAIN 
i'm so tired. haven't slept since yesterday!  hope the plan still goes through i'm not in the mood of sleeping my weekend away. AGAIN!
banging headache....AGAIN grrrr 
my kid is wheezing...AGAIN! i surely don't wanna go to the ER  
 Cardinals lost...AGAIN!
 he didnt call.... AGAIN..
@Mont925 you jerk! i wanted to watch 17 AGAIN it too 
Ugh in bed AGAIN at 1230 
yawn....another day in work and it's sunny AGAIN 
whaaaat ?! It's snowing here ... AGAIN !! And not just a little bit, I can't see anything outside. Everything is white 
FEELING DOWN D: AGAIN 
@_puckerUP y im sick AGAIN  its these damn allergies son I jus can't take it
Raining AGAIN!!!! I swear I will never be able to get in the kayak!!!!! The river is just too high!!! 
wasn't able to join his friends AGAIN because he slept late 
I DID IT WRONG AGAIN. I have to erase everything 
Okay, I think I have a new celeb crush AGAIN. I don't want it, actually 
i wanna sleep!  today have to study AGAIN ! Spanish and I must read a book for school im so stressed!  how are you doing? xo Tommy
@princessck55 the office wants to see a pic...  We are so sorry for the bug loss   AGAIN!
It's RAINING ... AGAIN!!! 
i cannot believe i locked my keys in the car AGAIN      btw, a hanger doesn't work...
Spend the morning waiting for a delivery ...  wrong part AGAIN!!  
im in work AGAIN cant wait to go home , still feel funny from my migraine i had last night !! 
@Ghatna youre going AGAIN??! not fair. its like you got a day out with each parent  go find a house!!
GREAT, I did something wrong AGAIN. UGHH... :'-( I'm sorry...  http://plurk.com/p/rbom1
Finished movie...R hip hurts AGAIN... 
PINK @ trafalgar square aaaaamazing! http://tinyurl.com/d5l7st but why did i miss it AGAIN! 
was asleep 'til 6pm! it's going to be a looooooong night ahead - AGAIN! 
ok! gotta download AGAIN! damn! 
hangover  ...... urgh!! moonshine?? NEVER AGAIN!! 8 shots ... NEVER AGAIN!! ..... depend on eugene?? NEVER AGAIN!
i missed a call from my mother AGAIN!!!!!!!!  she is somewhere in Lhasa (travelling) !!  
OOPS I DID IT AGAIN!!!!!!  i missed a call from my mother !!!!!!!    she is somewhere in lhasa (travelling)...... 
Is doing revision...AGAIN!! 
just beat P AGAIN at a board game, its getting tiresome now! 
I think i am back, omg timed out AGAIN god this so aint healthy 
dammit, why do schedules never fricking work out. looks like i'm gonna miss miley... AGAIN! hopefully she'll be going on a summer tour 
oh shht... my pinky's kinda swollen and bruised AGAIN  probably from bowling today. ouch.
i see i was leavin drunkin comments agin lol couldn sleep last night AGAIN.. bipolar sucks ass some times!must haven a manic stage  xx
woke up at 3:15am AGAIN-my ear is hurting me again, mayb the way i was laying?hope it goes cos i will cry if im stuck in again all week! 
A kiss though? NO!!! twitterfrieds...i just wanna go home  ahhh! What'd i get myself into AGAIN!!!!
bored AGAIN today cos Nicole isn't repllying to my txts 
fighting with my hair since this morning.. why today they aren't collaborating? 2morrow morning i'll have to have a shower, AGAIN 
I'm going to postpone the english assignment .. AGAIN 
omfg. restrictions. AGAIN. i don't like this. 
is sleepy, her boyfriend got her up early as he had to revise AGAIN 
i think im gettin sick AGAIN. im coughin up a lung and when i do my chest burns   GREAT!
wow it's raining AGAIN 
its fucking raining AGAIN 
@bjenna  it is raining AGAIN!! laundry and laziness! but this is not exactly a bad thing. how 'bout you? havin' a good day?
So apparently my phone didn't quite charge last night + I am locked outside EB AGAIN 
@invisagal: EXACTLY. I only work 5 hours this week (AGAIN) 
@ArtistCoreyB oh wow. scary!  i was in my room...and i was like...&quot;what the fuck? NOT AGAIN!&quot;
i'm so bad....needs to stick to my MIA mode.  news: wong wong &amp; mui mui is turning 1 tomorrow, and their mom is about to give birth AGAIN!
Morning all! I think im coming down with something (AGAIN) and iv lost my voice 
blue jays-how bout you stop winning and let the yankees move up in the east... sounds good to me --- can't sleep AGAIN 
@dannymays I lost your number AGAIN (not a word) aaand I am in MD so txt me bc I haven't seen you in ages  xx
awwh man...I got the dang hiccups AGAIN! 
has a flat tire AGAIN!...not happy  D.H.
i want to sleeeepppp   i've been saving my work every minute just incase my computer crashes AGAIN &gt;
@x__cindy awwh ty cindy. i can't believe it! AGAIN! D:  *hugs*
This sucks so bad. It was sunny when I got up, and now its gonna rain. AGAIN! 
@jeayese coz sum f****er has driven in2 my car.. AGAIN! and drove off!!! i only just had it resprayed afta it happened last time  *cries*
Morning all I jus woke up :0 feel well lazy  gota go doctors AGAIN with mum she still not well :| hope all yr 11's enjoy their last day !!
I am revising....AGAIN!!!  internet security gefallt mir nicht so gut BOOoo lol. And then i gotta revise programmalamming  WAaaa lol.
OH..look it's raining...AGAIN  enough already...i'm soggy!
sp proud of the mr. a lil disappointed that i wont be there :/ AGAIN ! the life &amp; times of being carless 
i don't mean to complain AGAIN but i really would like our email system to work - i have a mailout which needs to go out! 
morning Tweets! on the road AGAIN later...8 hrs. 
is going to bed....disappointed......AGAIN 
a little upset that her Macbook is cracking AGAIN for the third time. I haven't even closed it since I got it fixed the last time. 
@RachelBarnett12 I forgot to give you the damn hard drive AGAIN! that means another night without GG finale 
Sadly missed the #jonaswebcast AGAIN was working 
intentando intentarlo ONCE AGAIN! 
My mobile has stopped recieving text messages AGAIN. Stoooopid thing 
got woken up early AGAIN  I kinda wana just chill today but there's so much to do!
I also want it to be the 6th, i miss my girlies so much  @georgielockwood WE GET TO BE ROOMIES AGAIN!
@sianhughes_ oh god i just watched it to!! did claire escape? AGAIN!!! it was really quite sad 
@LSOLO ..ok brother...did you change your num and not give it to me, AGAIN??? smh..you no good dude 
Lazy weekend...haha, not at all, I have to study, exams AGAIN  
err..fought with brandon ..AGAIN! 
So yeah.....fell in love AGAIN with the man I will never be able to have 
-- I MISSED OMESH AGAIN TONITE! shoot! all of them said it was so funny, omesh played as agnes monica 
Blaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah, sickies, AGAIN 
alone this weekend AGAIN this isn't the fairytale I'd hoped for 
gotta love miley. (yes, i'm talking about her AGAIN) her music is so good 
What a wonderful day outside! I'm a little bummed out that my fibromyalgia is bothering me AGAIN today. 
WORKING AGAIN 
I'm sick.. AGAIN... 
OH GOD I'M GETTING OBSESSED AGAIN 
has the urge to watch L ; change the world ... AGAIN!  love kenichi matsuyama &lt;33
need to do some college work AGAIN today 
Fighting AGAIN. This is becoming so over rated! 
my neighbors are singing AGAIN  help..
upset that gas prices are on the rise. AGAIN. 
@joeypage i miss you aol?!....AGAIN! 
@ben_gordon guess who fell asleep in the garden and who has sun burn AGAIN 
At work  my mom's hungover like none other. That's what she gets for ditching me AGAIN! &gt;.&gt;
is rushing AGAIN!!!will these dinners and parties ever stop?my wallet can't keep up  woe is me!!!!!!!!!HA...not likely!bring on the wine!
Cleaning my room....AGAIN 
@peacelovejoyyy I'm listening to music and cleaning my room...AGAIN 
@jonas_twilight3 cleaning my room...AGAIN  and listening to music 
It's like when the humane society comes knocking AGAIN and they show me adorable kitten and puppy pictures.     I always write that check
SO sore.  why is my family watching night at the museum AGAIN?! bored.
and ive lost my phone... AGAIN 
cleaning up AGAIN.. 
just got back from outside. did the garage sale AGAIN today. oh cori , nothing sold from u  but silly 6 pins was sold wen u left  LOL 
came home from an hour ago. so tiring yet so fun! enrollment day is over, and this is now where everything begins. AGAIN. 
absolutely thrashed from the gym AGAIN, now taking Michelle to the airport 
I need to sort my life out! woke up at 3pm AGAIN!  I'm so lost without work to be avoiding 
Oh Spencer, don't make me cry AGAIN... 
So I forgot my clicker AGAIN for the 2nd time in a row for my bUS101 class . This sucks! 
for those of you who sent me a @reply, i have to change it... AGAIN! i'm just gonna use the other one.  i want THE SHOUT one though...
JUST ME AND THESE FOUR WALLS AGAIN la la la la la..................... screams! i dont like thunder! 
ummmmm... idk really! im kinda out of it rite now  sorry AWW DAYM I JUS SAID IT AGAIN sorry oops I DID IT AGAIN!! yu kno wat? neva mind k?
@ummmmm.. idk really! im kinda out of it rite now  sorry AWW DAYM I JUS SAID IT AGAIN sorry oops I DID IT AGAIN!! yu kno wat? neva mind k?
Just ruined my very favorite minolos due to alcohol consumption.....NEVER AGAIN!!!!! 
@helloyen I AGREE AGAIN! :|  gusto kong magising ng late )
its ROASTING 2day!!!! i waish i could be outside!!!!!  but were having a barbecue 4 lunch AGAIN!!!! yay!!!!!
Doing homework - AGAIN. The pile seems never-ending. 
eep. feel the knee is clicking/aching again...hopefully ive not killed it AGAIN, dont want another week of knackered knee 
i can't sleep AGAIN... exam at 9  dayum
It's raining ... AGAIN!!! 
and he wuld strike out AGAIN 
ugh tired bored. work AGAIN tmrw 
can't sleep AGAIN because her love is in Venezuela and she hasn't talked to him in two days 
back from the orthodontist AGAIN!! lol i got my plate and now its weird when i talk  im having a strike from talking...or ill try at least
Sitting next to a smelly person AGAIN on way to work! Why do they always sit next to me?! 
Grooveshark: dead AGAIN 
tried to connect my HDTV set top box AGAIN. this time i found sound but no picture! why can't i just work it out? it's making me nuts 
Hungover AGAIN, why have they been so bad this week?? And I have to go home today 
not working AGAIN today! 
On lunch being a loner, AGAIN! 
Headed to the dentist AGAIN...not fun, but it must be done 
Egads, I think my helix is infected... AGAIN. Putting headphones ontop of it has not helped... And now it burns. yay. 
Home sick AGAIN  tonight I'm recording with jackie to finish it up
craziest busiest week and the worst phone luck EVERRRRR! lost all my #s AGAIN! 
strongly dislikes boys. doesn't understand them 1 mother fucking bit.  alone AGAIN taking a bath then bed.
Reddit is down AGAIN  What's a girl to do? *cries*
@michellee143 I forgot to tell you, they didn't have ranch AGAIN at wendys 
Babysitting AGAIN. &amp; I dont even think i am getting paid for it 
Raining AGAIN, sheesh  
at the crib takin it light... feelin sick ONCE AGAIN 
is sat at home bored  and alone :'( , can not believe we had amazing weather and now its raining AGAIN uuurrrghh. oh well got a tan sorta
just left from downtown AGAIN Ughhh my feet hurt!! 
I dropped my phone earlier and went outside turned it on this sucka was dead AGAIN! *sigh* what I'ma do with my baby ya'll? 
At the mac store fixing my computer AGAIN Lets hope this one doesnt cost an arm and a leg to make up for the free battery last time 
wants Baguio Retreat AGAIN  http://plurk.com/p/yrbi4
Wasting my time AGAIN 
And AGAIN not in the mood + too tired to study. I've been sitting in front of my book for like 1,5 hour already. Hmpf 
GREAT!! AGAIN!!  my today sentence &quot;Error while loading page from...&quot;  and I wanted to make a week end's one..not too much choice    lol
RCN stinks.  No home internet service AGAIN!!! 
watching tv.. AGAIN.. so sad.. the basketball league is posponed! 
POW! damn im missing the day AGAIN! my sleep sched is messed up...sry you know who you are...I cant talk to you today 
chad dylan cooper AGAIN. evrytime i watch SWAC he's just soo sexy. funny, cuz he's like on his 20's 
I have to change the baby's nappy AGAIN! 
Cried yesterday watching &quot;Uptwon girls&quot; AGAIN! 
Working AGAIN all weekend how sad 
sprained my left ankle AGAIN towards the last bit of my run this morining. there goes the fitness regime that i so painstakingly planned 
just finished a volleyball game. We lost...AGAIN!  thats 5 out of our 7 games that we've lost. good thing its only a rec team.   * 22 days
and i cried AGAIN  scared to go to my mom cuz she will freak out
Asses kicked by sacred heart, AGAIN. What a way to end a season 
Going to be bored out of my mind AGAIN! 
Is all alone. AGAIN. Some things never change 
@toastcommunism best game ever. i stopped watching tbh  I JINXED THEM AGAIN.
playing today  just went car shopping again and going tomorrow AGAIN. dad is so indecisive.
Watching I am legend AGAIN. I like this movie. I wish Sam didn't have to die 
dammit i have to pee AGAIN! i only just got all comfy in bed too 
@hollyheartsnick damnit i forgot to watch harpers AGAIN! or to tape it, at least.  ill have to wait for it to go up on CBS.com tomorrow 
just got my ass kicked, ONCE AGAIN, by @LadyFiveStar in Worms. her constant talk about her lip stuff and popping her lips makes me lose 
The fricking tire light is on AGAIN! I am gonna scream! Why the heck is this happeneing to me?!?!?! 
Stupid glasses broke AGAIN.  Same place.  AGAIN. 
i lost my phone AGAIN ! FREAK 
better get ready for work. AGAIN. fail 
Oh my god! In the middle yet AGAIN!!! 
@teamseddie you there? or did i miss u AGAIN? 
For dinner.. I'm gonna have bitter gourd AGAIN!! I'm done with bitter!! I need my sweets!!! I need my chocolates!!! 
waaa. sucks. she scolded me AGAIN. 
barking dogs... AGAIN! 
@christt I really wanted to go  i didn't get to go to any of the anal beard gigs  AGAIN!!!! sucks sucks sucks
Is scratching the pool idea...it's raining AGAIN 
 i  missed church.....AGAIN.......stupid backwards sleeping habits.....
@tony182 Button. AGAIN 
My Metro pass got erased AGAIN!  
mad mad mad that they didnt have tortilla soup  guess it's applebees AGAIN!
YAY I CAN TWEET AGAIN..twitter had me on punishment yall 
Ugh..my phone is messed up AGAIN! no phone tonight or tomorrow.  
Gahhh. It`s raining... AGAIN 
I'm at nicole and michelle's house!!!  just got done watching the Lakers win AGAIN!  ughhhhhhh!!!!!  
Oh no, outside is horrible wind!! AGAIN have to be inside..  blaaaaaah. THAT IS SO DEPRESSING.
Going to the see @jonasbrothers today and @ddlovato so excited. But my blackberry broke AGAIN i'm so upset 
I CAN'T SLEEP AGAIN!  arggggg
i dont want stack to do another tour cos it will just cost me to much money AGAIN, haha 
@marito185 aww i knoww  haha omggg i cant believe i didnt remember ur friend AGAIN. hahaha
I need a raincoat it's freaking RAINING AGAIN!!!!   ;(
just got home from netty.. we lost, AGAIN...  !!
So annoyed got to work and no security card.  too early to get buzzed in so back home. Now on the way AGAIN. sigh
Going to school. AGAIN. summer will never come 
Now I have to retake my quiz... I need to leave in 10 min.  I'm going to have to do it AGAIN when I get home, then take my exam.
@macbella2 I agree-which is apparently the weather AGAIN this week 
I hate the fact that I have a headache.. AGAIN 
Pains in my hands and arms...AGAIN!!! 
At foot dr. Getting another xray to rule out fracture AGAIN. 
is off out AGAIN there really isn't enough hours in the day!!!  
studying !AGAIN! 
is mad i missed johncmayer AGAIN!!! 
GRR december birthday you FAILED ME AGAIN  wish I could drive !!!
sick  NOT AGAIN!!
i think i need a counselor.i have WAY to much going on...therefore i am depressed...AGAIN!!  i am done with guys..just not pretty ricky..
oh no, i have mono AGAIN    ... this is so horrible...  im so sick of being sickk
missed weeds AGAIN  i fail.
want more sleep  bloody exam day. only one more to go after today tho. then NEVER AGAIN
@Lynaarchuleta WHAT!! there comin back to paris AGAIN? r u serious? they havnt been once to australia yet 
Holly CRAP!!! It is 1:30 in the morn and  I'm up AGAIN 
Is exhausted and will be packing all day tomorrow, as well as going to the Apple store to get my disk drive replaced AGAIN 
my stomach is making those funny noises ''gooo....goooo.....'' DIAHORREA ATTACK AGAIN 
Is getting snowed under with work, AGAIN!!! 
fuck its pissing down with rain ... AGAIN god i hate glasgow 
job hunting AGAIN!! been doing it 4 about 2 months  help
good morning @hair yoda how are you doing today. i am off to work AGAIN  hope everybody has a great day. www.myoilcan.com
good morning @hairyoda how are you doing today. i am off to work AGAIN  hope everybody has a great day. www.myoilcan.com no spaces oops
flunged on her accounts AGAIN!!  can somebody please help me.... arghhhhh. dead.
Working AGAIN!!! 
..bored..AGAIN.. sucks.. 
@JordansGWife Yeah I know  Wanna do it all again.  AGAIN AGAIN!!
Tackling the inspector's to-do list today. I have no luck with plumbing... let's just say I had to turn the main water line off AGAIN... 
shorts or jeans today????? its another rainy day in Miami--AGAIN! 
dang it!!! how'd i get looped into working late..AGAIN?  so sad....shopping at lunch then!
i hate this!! , i dreamed with AGAIN!! its so annoyin!! , i dream with you almost everyday! , what does it mean? 
spicy popeyes chicken + popeyes' jalapeno hot sauce = NEVER AGAIN 
@paulaabdul We just got broken into AGAIN  this week is horribl for me :'(
@josydaisyJKgirl I just did.AGAIN! I swear when he pointd 2 me during hs last note, I thought I was gona passout.I know he saw me ballin' 
@xSiteable I am getting sick...AGAIN!  I am just going to have some soup and go to bed early.
my mom is mad at me AGAIN 
@dannygokey no one beleives i got a mess from U they think its a reply message from the computer   ohh well THANX AGAIN- tonya from NY
ACCCCKKK!!! @anhorse is coming to Atlanta AGAIN and I cannot go... one of these years, I'll get to go, one of these years... 
Nothing more painful than a bottle of wine and no cork screw  FOILED AGAIN!!!  #fb
cant sleep AGAIN...4 the 3rd nyt in a row. help 
My Granddaddys in the hospital AGAIN kinda worried 
somehow missed @songzyuuup live AGAIN!!  watching pre-recorded i missed from before...everytime he smiles i melt...lol that's ridiculous
Rebuilding my laptop AGAIN! Way too much alpha and beta software made it ill. 
says karma down.. AGAIN..  http://plurk.com/p/11lnra
RAIN. AGAIN. Are we being punished? 
why oh why? damn my laptop is damaged AGAIN  I can cry righ
Man with a million questions thank you for calling in AGAIN and asking the same questions I answered this morning. Now my lunch is cold. 
http://twitpic.com/7n5kl - George AGAIN! he looks soo sad 
http://twitpic.com/7n5lm - George AGAIN! he looks soo sad 
Boy oh boy, was taught an expensive and painful lesson... I never want an allergic skin reaction ever AGAIN 
@kristene_ben nothing, i mowed the grass, and jeff is cooking out AGAIN!! its so nice out, wish u were here 
just had a breakdown for 3 minutes...just realized how far iowa is...AGAIN! 
wants to go to PPPpremiere, but dosnt wanna make her dad drive to toronto, AGAIN cause he drove fri&amp;sat, and he'll be driving sunday too 
I got pulled over AGAIN. Moving violation 
missed her train...AGAIN! 
.. its been my 4th day here at home.. but im still sick. i didnt even go to school AGAIN!! i miss my friends.. 
I MISSED 11:11 AGAIN  http://tumblr.com/xiq22tols
argh.. no time to eat lunch.  AGAIN.     boo!
Urgh stupid doctor AGAIN! 
@loisxmariex :O ur never 2 lazy 2 go get @thescript 's album!!!!!!!!! just chilling in my house!!! it was RAINING AGAIN!!!!!!  wbu?? xx
Watching it rain AGAIN in NJ... Sad 
blah sims crashed yet AGAIN. so bored, so far summer really sucks 
My ipod drowned AGAIN!  #squarespace
I'm selling internet on phone. That's my job for the summer AGAIN and it sounds just as sucks as it is... 
boonen is out of the tour (AGAIN)!!! gotta be shitting meee  http://bit.ly/1bsenM
just got back from the pool...AGAIN. now doing some homework for the job. yuck. 
cleaning the house... AGAIN!!!!! 
watching jawbreaker... cuz i cant sleep AGAIN  super stressed out i need to relax.
hey guess what I lost #trackle AGAIN! you'd think positive thinking would work or something 
i have to find a new roomie AGAIN!  going pot luck for a third year in a row...i suck
Here comes the rain.. AGAIN... and didnt even see any sun in the 7 day forcast   
is in chinese watching a movie...... AGAIN!!! 
And it died on my babe AGAIN!  WTF? 
maaaaaaaaths test next going to fail AGAIN 
FAIL! @Bethhhhhhhhhhhh: maaaaaaaaths test next going to fail AGAIN 
oh shit... shit... SHIT! NOT AGAIN! 
has checked the cupboards AGAIN and the chocolate fairy still hasn't visited 
Feels really bad for ditching @indiecindy93 AGAIN! I'm sorry... 
Early rise due to some wierd symptoms shown overnight...*sigh*...here I come AGAIN, doc...... 
here we go AGAIN !(8)... yes AGAIN 
wow wow wow! I left for two hours and now I found out that mike and kristen are seeing each other... AGAIN? what? what? what?    (Robsten)
off to the wacky world of Walmart,AGAIN 
Most certainly did not get paid AGAIN this week. Wtf? 
@GL0 oh damn,6ut over here its damn near summer nd its 60 nd it be rainin for da pst 2 wks..smh..2day ws da 1st nice day. rain 2mor AGAIN 
so lazy to study. argh!! i wanna sleep ....AGAIN! 
so lazy to study. argh!! i wanna sleep ....AGAIN! 
wondering what to do now that the baby and james are sleeping finished the twilight book AGAIN, can't start over mom's got it  boo
Burnt my tongue AGAIN!! I'm not going to have anymore taste buds 
Car shopping plans postponed. AGAIN!   but its ok.
I think I'm going to install Ubuntu. AGAIN. I mean.. lack of working graphics drivers for gentoo just sucks. I hope it works on ubuntu 
@Thea1992 i've heard a lot about it too, but i don't want to dissapoint myself AGAIN,like i always do when i believe in rumours 
PLZ tell me it not rainin AGAIN!!! 
Working AGAIN today!  I haven't had a day off in over a week...I'm so sick of starbucks
......listening to the rain..AGAIN! 
is so sick. damn, i miss paul's bday AGAIN. 
Not getting twitter messages AGAIN! 
this is the only time that i use net. haha! quarter to 12 and its SUNDAY AGAIN!  don't want to go to school yet.
Ouch. My stupid eyes hurt   AGAIN. @ashlynnn's party was fun!
@JojoMLTM dude. I got my ears back to the way they were. Then last night one came out AGAIN so i have to restretch it AGAIN. 
Aww I missed sisterhood of traveling pants....AGAIN 
nvm, no more sun. it's raining...AGAIN 
Pouring hard AGAIN! I am begining to think a sunny day is a thing of the past 
Here come the thunder storms AGAIN 
i have a cold AGAIN! can't breathe 
going crazy because apparently there is a csrsc.exe virus on my thumbdrive with my antivirus software. Suppose I'm going to format AGAIN. 
@Rakpenguin63 just found out it's my PC that's AGAIN messing with me  also refreshing twitter takes ages 
ahhh finally home....FOOD! I didn't eat enough today...coffee and watermelon does not a meal make...gots to leave in a little AGAIN! 
Is that the rain? AGAIN? 
Miserable traffic AGAIN! 
cleanning the stupid house, cause my mum went out tohave fun AGAIN, leaving me in the mess AGAIN&gt;   missing dad. 
I miss Kelly; our songs playing! AGAIN! 
burned myself at work...AGAIN. 
@ddlovato heartbroken AGAIN??? WTF? 
its almost 4.30am, i am just home from work, exhausted, and up again in 6hours to do it all AGAIN...yay! 
is sick with bronchitis AGAIN 
my car is fucking broke, AGAIN. im so fucking useless without my piece of old crap 
Resting. I have classes tomorrow.  AGAIN.
@seabassturd: he was explaining his &quot;feelings&quot; towards me &amp; asked 4 yes or no if feeling was mutual. Even AFTER i said no, he asked AGAIN 
i'm craving for burgers AGAIN.. pls suggest one place.. 
@OfficialAS http://twitpic.com/7yod7 - cut off...AGAIN!   I keep thinking BLUES BROTHERS! haha
Rainy day AGAIN 
UGH. They cancelled our family outing AGAIN. Ang labo talaga. 
I don't think it's fair that I'm sick AGAIN this year 
just celebrated Father's day with family... whew.. I wanna rest already but f*cking readings just ate my time to rest AGAIN.... 
I missed 90210 AGAIN 
ugh, i feel sick AGAIN, i cant take this anymore! 
Long week + little rest= limited voice  And I just found out I'm working with a sub AGAIN! I can't do my job with slackers!
@wofstargirl thank u so much, AGAIN, ana. u rock. i had an awesome time, even if i did get smashed against the baracades &amp; no autograph! 
Dropped FUCKING IPHONE AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! kill me 
My eefing charger is missing! AGAIN! I don't feel like going to school!   Storm please don't go away!
Just ate breakfast! ill be getting ready to leave in a bit cus I know it's going to be hell with parking at smc AGAIN 
Ugh, my mom is being unreasonable.....AGAIN 
i have to go do work AGAIN 
@mskatrina25 YOU!!! YOU M.I.A AGAIN 
I missed Alex going live AGAIN!  ugh.
starting to get sick AGAIN  but my mom is making brownies so that's a good thing lolz
Man I feel asleep and missed Hawthorne...AGAIN 
noooo NOOoOOoOoO listening to #angels on radio but i want it on tv! missing seeing Speier pitch AGAIN  i miss his stupid face.
@khristieee WE MISSED RYAN AGAIN! 
i heard dj tiny ta - revenge of the trollops got pushed back AGAIN  omg
and i need to stop eating melons... i cut myself in the finger AGAIN. And i'm still hungry 
once is enough. twice is too much. right?  won't let myself be fooled AGAIN.
Shit happens  http://twitpic.com/8czop http://twitpic.com/8czn0 AGAIN ?? 2 days in a row having a flat tire ? #bicycle
wow, stupid car is dead, AGAIN!  good morning to me
Raining ... AGAIN ..... help !!!! 
Overtime. yet AGAIN 
floods in the Czech Rep. AGAIN 
boredom is starting to kill me.AGAIN! 
Fuckk, looks like i gotta' take the reasoning tests.. AGAIN. B00 
i have to spend the night in jail and miss work tmrw wtff  wtf wtf I AM NEVER DRIVING AGAIN
READING MIDNIGHTERS BOOK 1 AGAIN  yayyerz
Celebrating my 21st AGAIN with close fam and friends at Papa K's house tonight. 
At winnetka with josh and teewow for 17 AGAIN! 
@emmax__ hehe i didnt know if youd see  but your helping like you wouldnt believe id go mad otherwise i think.. AGAIN lol
WOO I LOVED 17 AGAIN 
@shaunjumpnow HIII AGAIN  just thought to let you know im still here 
Damnit! You left the cap off the toothpaste AGAIN! What did I warn you about that? 
has Adam in the office AGAIN 
just saw &quot;wallk to remember&quot; (AGAIN) and it's never get old 
So tired after spending $200 for the shoot tomorrow. Not doing art department EVER AGAIN. Unless I have time 
@photonaturalist  lovin your tweets tonight...will have to yet AGAIN get out my big AA book!  Thanks 
Going to see the HM movie AGAIN today  and then probibly again tomorrow, ha i spend my holidays off school so productively 
@jasonlovins but you get to play golf...AGAIN! 
LAHLAHLAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH AMATHS AGAIN 
just watched 17AGAIN 
Heading out AGAIN!  Another long day, but I get to see the grandparents.  
@Rove1974 cONGRATS AGAIN rOVE 
@joannaboothby freeeeeeeeeeeeeeeezING nigga im so excited to see you soooooooon!!!  lets go see 17 again AGAIN yehhaaaaaaa!
@debadowling...OOOPS AGAIN, the reply button is the RIGHT of the msg...now I'll stop spamming 
@heyystephieee AGAIN AGAIN.  
we're ok AGAIN 
Going to the movies. AGAIN. 
@HeyGirlllHaley Yeah, but i still felt like writing it rather than tweeting about homework, AGAIN 
THEY'RE BACK AGAIN I didn't rearrange the furniture this time so I gots pettins  
Watching &quot;love me if you dare&quot; AGAIN. 
going to homedepot AGAIN haha 
Just finished cleaning our the &quot;KIDS&quot; rabbits AGAIN!!... and cleaned out all my lovely egg laying ladies 
i found bagel bites! i was worried jess might have eaten them all AGAIN. 
Watching Cybill  AGAIN yes i know i have old taste in programms, music and films
Just watchd twilight AGAIN! lol. I love it 
Dammit! Getting home as the sun comes up AGAIN!!! I had fun though 
sitting in IT ..AGAIN! . thinking of some certain individual  .. sitting talking to lauren about shizzzzzzz  xxx
blog hopping AGAIN 
@Matty808 whaaaaaat? you're going AGAIN? well dude. im headed to cali around that time - we should meet up in vegas &amp; drink/gamble! 
Watching Bolt AGAIN because it is equipped with disney fast play.. so I never have to get up and look for the remote.. 
whoaaa awesome there's no fooood here AGAIN, my gay brother neeeds to stop coming here and just eating it all ! new phone todayy  school.
PSYCH PROJECT OVER! I CAN COMMUNICATE AGAIN! 
just watched twilight AGAIN! 
