Most common words for this cluster:
[('air', 393), ('france', 62), ('con', 21), ('plane', 20), ('flight', 18), ('conditioner', 17), ('office', 12), ('day', 11), ('today', 10), ('hot', 10), ('http', 9), ('people', 9)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'air', 0.8874882459640503), (u'sulfurous_smell_wafted', 0.6997318267822266), (u'papal_pep_rally', 0.6243570446968079), (u'With_BroadBandAccess', 0.6028803586959839), (u'sulphurous_smell_hung', 0.5863121151924133), (u'unsuspecting_Moraes', 0.5808649659156799), (u'cashier_Ashley_Woloszyn', 0.5785660147666931), (u'Warm_moist', 0.570626437664032), (u'Family_Dwelling_3bdrm', 0.5616546869277954), (u"Polone_O'Brien_wants", 0.5609095692634583)]





I'm laying in bed facing the wall and trying to relax but I'm hearing so many things plus the air conditioning sound is so louad 
@MizzChievouz am sorry to say but it is still in the air 
our air conditioning froze and now the attic is leaking into the bedroom. 
Just been whooped at bowling  but I killed my bro at air hockey 
I'm cold...   it's 62 degrees outside and the dang air conditioner is on...WTF?!?
Hopes that rainbow socks cure colds. It's making my air bubbles painful 
Why this air conditioning turns hot and hotter??geez,I can't slleeepp.and suddenly have stomache 
too hot in here.. need air conditioning 
has failed in his quest to get a pair of black nike air yeezys 
Sleeping on a flat air bed. So, a basically sleeping on the floor. 
My canned air is gone. 
so I luvvv FostersHome4ImagineryFriends...I just found out is going off the air...5 episodes left... 
@Maester yum, but I need an air ticket. 
Just tried to chase a hot air balloon.  By the time I caught up to it, it had already landed, been deflated, rolled up and packed away.  
@mzsullivan i know i know. i had to film the air yeezy release at midnite. i was dressed to come afterwards...but i was out there till 3 
@TraceyHewins goodness! I'm sure it's all the fresh air I got yesterday. I get bad hayfever 
doesnt think this is going to last much longer  ugh i need him like air but he doesnt need me 
needs to get the air conditioning fixed 
Looking like the air in the alley just isn't going to have it today.  
@jimmyaquino I turned on the news and saw that the air had turned into toxic gas, so thats why you didn't come back. I was sad 
@rainbowdrops22 I don't want the air as I think it is too thin, my vaio now was really expensive as it is as thin, but always over heats! 
ryan is gone  missing him more than anything air port at 5 am to see him off :/
@flower_air I have one too... and a mid term... no bueno. 
@dennismartinez ur on air at movin?! AH! small world! i worked there recently!! tried going back.. but they're slippin @ hiring me again! 
Live on air right now!  It's REALLY cold in the studio 
yess.. finally dark out.. and cool air.. today was steaming hot! ugh  i miss winter already 
the weather is killing me... and my air con ain't working.. 
As it is, we don't get to seat in an air/con room.. And the weather is heaty  sweat smokers sweat!!
this air is unblessed, he doen't share it with me now.  already miss my boy
gone hiking and feeding on fresh air! my tummy's still upside down 
@987MisterYoung are there gonna be on air contests too? havent listened to radio in a while, exams  lol
I don't want every where to smell like an air freshening product.... 
@lilabakar sigh... i wanna go... send me an air ticket! 
just choked on water, then started coughing, then choked on air (wth?!).... anddddd have hayfever 
@colleencantwell  i'm in accounting (don't laugh, lol) and I think the air is on too cuz there is a breeze!!!!
@AlexOrman1 something in the air - I feel one coming on too 
i forgot to bring my jacket again... it's freezing cold at the office and i'm sitting right under the air conditioning 
@florallle makes a nice chimney for the ciggy smoke to enter the air intake of our A/C system 
omg did u c all the hot air balloons it was freakin awesome if u didnt so sad 
the air is clearly warm...but i'm cold 
is boiling in the office, air con any1 ? 
so hot in the office as air con been broken for weeks, fans on all round office but they just push hot air around really and not helping 
is suffering from hayfever, is drowsy from too much Piriton, and is heading to bed with the air purifier on 
has dislocated her knee  *bad/painful times* gas + air and morphine are fun though 
Getting oil change. Apparently the mice that have been eating my birdseed in my garage have also been eating my air filter. 
@crust123 there's just no air 
had to throw out lotion at the air port terminal 
@edsaint Thanks but I was still exploiting them and they couldn't get fresh air or really feel the earth 
ewwww.... kobe air balled a wide open 3!  but a T on DJones
@pompeygal not so hot in waterlooville, but we have every window open from about 1800 to let the air through, but am hot now 
My sinuses are not happy about the quality of today's air 
boo. @spaz won't work  keeps trying to update air, and then error 5100.
Going to the hot air balloons, but im not seeing any yet 
Going out to get a fresh air yet i get polluted air 
mister who makes airplanes. please make one with beds for djs who tour on other sides of the planet. 
waiting on the pool guy..frustrated at the construction in my office because the bad air keeps making me sick 
just took it in that i missed my chance to grab some air yeezys...damn 
The a/c in my car stopped blowing cold air! 
Heading off to bed. A day of fresh air and exercise has tired me out 
@f0ll0wMarf bad luck is in the air 
jesus its cold in here n i cnt turn off the air 
Why isn't my air conditioning working  I feel like I am melting!
@micsolis yess because u cant go outside for air 
sad that i forgot about the hot air balloon races today 
@lkcook I didn't realize they were showing new ones at all. I'm sad the show won't continue  it was a breath of fresh air in stuffy tvland
@leydybug nice I think I need thet too some fresh air a little stress also 
just got home and our air went out!! ugh waiting for air condition man...stinks cant go go six flags now.. always something 
I think somethings wrong with the ac compressor in my car. It's blowing hot air 
went to shenzhen ate buffet. very big plaze but only a few people in there, &amp; air conditioner not cold 
No air, sick again 
Boys give me a headache. I want to go out, but my air filter is being soaked in oil. I can't reinstall it until it dries  I'm stuck!
My allergies are really killing me here in the dry airport air 
This is not the weather to be in an office  with no air con 
i hope they find the people of the missing air france plane  http://bit.ly/HOhBr
The air con is now on and stuck on  its too cold 
oh dear, air france plane missing - over 1 hour and 15 mins late in landing 
where is that plane of air france??? 
oh no - missing air france plane 
is working in a server room where the air con isn't working properley on a hot and sunny day - not nice!!! 
when doesit air? im so sad now  @billyraycyrus
We are going to have to trade bike riding for the air museum 
wants to be outside in the sun and not in an air-con office 
It's too hot in my office - dodgy air con 
praying for that air france flight 
thoughts are with families of air france flight 447 missing last night - this morning    Mondays........    sad  I hate airplanes
is getting sick from the recycled air from the air-con. It would be fine if people didn't eat their smelly lunches in the office! 
this office is to hot to work in... there is no air even with a fan on 
i am SERIOUSLY scared to go to america now - an air france flight vanished off radar over the atlantic  i don't want that to happen to me.
oy, plane crash this morning, air france, 228 people on board  (http://www.cnn.com)
@Beverleyknight glad to hear it! what air france plane? am i missing something 
@alibaabaa our air con is foobar 
@eBeth It's hard to reassure someone of air travel's fantastic safety record when there is a story like this 
disturbed by the air france plane that's vanished with 228 people on board, doesn't look hopeful 
my heart and prayers go out to the air france victims and families 
@mkvlln its a suspected crash. its like highly impossible its still in the air i thk,lack of fuel... 
back to back... clear sky, hot air balloons, weekend barbecue and next weekend finnish countryside... sounds like fun 
damn that ish with the air france flight is horrible.... 
I might have to turn on the air conditioner today.   - http://bkite.com/084ep
rip all the passangers on the air france flight 
can't imagine being someone affected by the air france plane that went down. so sad 
@gfalcone601    the air
mower has a fat tire    time to buy an air compressor or go work on the feature...
so sad about the air france flight that went missing 
@CombustionGlass the air france thing is freaky.... did it fly over the bermuda triangle?  big plane - just gone... sad 
scary about that air france plane just disappearing! 
i sure hope they are ok, one of the passengers of air france is from belgium (my country) 
I need a quieter air conditioning unit for my living room - right now it is a choice of TV news program or cool air 
feel sorry for all the people on air france plane 
wtf...air france just fell into the ocean...does not make me feel good about flying air france to italy. 
my car needs air 
@mactavish lawns are a horrible use of resources  do they even help with the air much?
i hope evry one frm air france is okay. 
going to die of a heat stroke if the air conditioner doesn't start working again 
heart goes out to the families of the people on the air france plane.. terrible, 
saying a prayer for air france flight 447. 
sounds terrible, but the first thing i thought of when i heard about the air france flight was, &quot;how oceanic flight 815 of them.&quot; 
the fan in my room is failing at doing its job. all its doing s blowing warm air at me 
M grandma is rather difficult -.- and oh my goshhhh, where did that French air plane go? 
this air france thing is freaking me out. .... 
reading about air france... it's like a nightmare became true... i feel so sorry for all who are affected 
that missing air france plane is so sad 
Is sad about the air france story. 
Uugh, the air con in work isn't really working right so it's fairly unbearable in there, and my car one isn't working right either 
...i somehow managed to literally threw it in the air, and it fell and shattered and i have a few small shards of glass in my feet  oh wow
The air is not workin in business building 320.  Now I am dying 
I would still use air france, is just like after the american airlines 911 case. my prayers go out to all the affected families 
really sad what happened to those #air france passengers  how does an air bus just vanish...
cant breathe  air quality not good.
i feel so bad for the people that were on the air france flight.. 
really sorry to hear that the air france passengers didnt survive the crash 
is freezing @ 25deg C air-con office (still!)  
@robwilson73 i had a pair of the original air jordans. 85s. we found them in 92 barely used. if only i'd saved them. 3500-6000 on ebay. 
sad to hear about air france plane crash...   .... wish some miracle happened and they still are alive...
feelin sad bout d air france disaster... 
about 55 whales beached at capetown, had to be killed, the air france crash- yesterday has been tragic! 
My heart goes out to the familys of the passengers of air france  x
Is being cooked in the office  please turn the air con on!
Car's fixed and handles better than ever, but the air conditioning leaks 
@melodysong *gives hot air* yer... I want cake too 
@weewelly nice pic! I'm cooped up in the heavily air conditioned library 
@misstraczS2 oh poor air france 
prays for the air france flight..it's horrible 
my heart goes out to all the families affected by air france 447. 
Just witnessed the smellest smell that mankind could hope to generate. Wow. It's like someone shot burning hot egg air up my nostrils. 
omg they found a seat from the air france flight !?  im scared of planes now &gt;.&lt;
ooh they found the air france flight. Its all so sad 
You'd think the hilton deansgate would have better air con  hope its still sunny when I leave.
is pretty sure her air conditioning is broken 
Going out to get some fresh air. I don't feel good 
my heart and prayers go out to the air france victims and families 
@xXDesXx Ahh i know!  Haha well hopefully i will be on soon too! Stupid house with no air conditioning!
@patsytravers unfortunately no  hes joining the air force &amp; that means going to boot camp for months &amp; being isolated from civilization 
very sad for the air france victims   kinda scared to fly in a month, same airline too.
no survivors found from air france plane crash  http://ping.fm/A3bta
no survivors found from air france plane crash  http://ping.fm/Akx7O
@Eyglo guess it does. but what a terrible tragedy. air safety still not secure in the 21st century 
@amykate @TheSourceress I am stuck in a global IT meeting  no tea, no treats and no air!!! *pouts*
hope air france is found  
very sorry for the passagers of the air france flight 
Has no air air conditioning its soo hot 
my heart goes out to those who lost someone in air france accident... 
I wish I wasn't working on such a beautiful day  I can smell the fresh, polluted air from outside lol
i wish the made air yeezys in my size 
Aww I slipped and fell in the rain ! I got like 3 feet of air  ouch !!
I suck at air hockey more than I thought apparently! 
crew still setting up for the next scene. air con switched off cos of noise 
I'm on the air and not feeling well. 
Oops! Accidently played the dirty version of the new @MickeyFactz on air 
today, i watched mega shark vs. giant octopus.  nothing really topped the shark biting the passenger jet in mid-air 
in queue for @tomfelton autograph. Its freezing! We are semi open air 
There are no air guards taking off today 
I don't think its any air here 
 is sad about the air france catastrophe 
i just want to know when i'm going to move to london. brazil is so boring and air france scares me 
today was found two bodies in atlantic ocean current by air france accident. how sad 
it's one thing to hit a squirrel with your car, but you need to be real unlucky to kill a bird in mid air.  
@Darkhoe i feel so sorry for the air france families 
@Darkhoe you know the air france plane crashed? and all 228 people died 
The air today looked like it was full of green smoke. It was pine pollen 
agh, they found two bodies from the air france 447 flight  disturbing.
my thoughts go out to all those affected by air france's flight... it sounds like a hollywood film but it's real life 
Balloonavista......sucked  how can you call something balloonavista and have 4 hot air balloons?
going out for lunch .. i need fresh air 
@superficialgirl this humid air is so annoying...my hair is a mess 
@lisle haha can't leh it also uses adobe air   
bug strolled on to my paper as I was studying and then proceeded to jump 6 inches in the air after I tried smooshing it 
more bodies found from air france flight. now its at 5 
allergic to summer air. woe is me. 
wishes she could go see general fiasco + absent elk + air traffic 
the air france happening was sooo sad there was a baby on the plain too 
i am finding this whole air france thing very sad,  i hope they find all the bodies soon #jonaskevin
Just hearing now about the air france plane wreckage being found 
i still get chills when i hear about the air france flight 
@Darselle just stop it with the menu.  I did NOT get an invite. *nose in air* I don't spoil barbecues!!
I need a lightweight native twitter client for ubuntu gutsy  no air plx.
@janeybelle15 thats good then, clean air to breath! no book to read? 
After this week, I'm gonna need more air freshener 
At last I'm home where my fresh sheets await me. The scent of your perfume still lingers in the air. I mish yew  #squarespace I need 3g!
is so super tired from working the red bull air race 
this time tomorrow, the lover will be flying in the air, away from my arms, away from my being, away from me. 
@chriswooster Canned air is supposed to work, but that only lasted, ohhh, a week? 
I can't find a ride to practice and I can't get there by foot or bus because it's on an air force base. 
@mahadewa yeah can't buid my air app 
@thouposbrook fine. i'll take my 'fresh air' elsewhere. 
swine flu stressing air travelers (my family included) 
Why does my chest hurt so much!! It makes it harder to gasp for air  I know this is not good.. I'm gonna sleep it off. Gnight
too cold, damn this air conditioning! 
omg air conditionerrrrr 
Where is the hole in this air mattress 
@mattsergent I sooo agree! I miss the sea air! 
need cheaper air tickets to india   priceline does not live up to its reputation.
I dislike it when security gaurds talk to me about their cats and energy efficiency air conditioners. 
I hate that it's nice and warm outside, not even hot, but inside the air conditioning is cranked to the point my toes are made of ice. 
ray just beat me at air hocky and my free dr pepper just exploded on me. Greatt.  moovieee time..
i can feel u all around me. thickening the air im breathing.. 
Not really liking the atmosphere... There's too much tention in the air 
http://twitpic.com/7lgwd - There's a green tint to the air that doesn't show in the pic. 
100 degree weather, a broken air conditioner = 
@UrsulaGraham ew.  It's one of those nights when you feel like you're swimming through the air 
@pacceber haha my friggen heater is broken..its only blowing cold air  haha poor judy NOT love the drama
I'm all 4going green, but if u're in a hot tropical region w/ high humidity, i'm guilty as charge 4using the air-conditoner when i sleep. 
@jadekeio i know...if there's one thing i hate more than making on-air mistakes, it's repeating them during the rebroadcasts!   
@DonnieWahlberg I'd also like to hug the loved ones of those who died in the recent air disaster, they've got it worse than any of us 
@1capplegate they always take the good shows off the air... 
the air con in my car is dead 
@ObsessedTVonAE what day does the new ep of obsessed air? i think i keep missing it 
hungry.very hungry.wah.but like theres nothing to eat.  sigh.ill eat air.air is good.
@butterballs_mc yes because a plane air france crashed !!!!! more french and brazilian are died 
stupid broken air conditioner. it feels like massachusetts in my house 
I wish I was golfing instead of being trapped in no air conditioning 
its freaking hot when your air conditioner is not working 
My house's air conditioner is not working right and its sooo hot right now!!  
focus: clean with all this dust in the air! 
i hate when im trying to sound like air freshner and i cant... 
@mhartshorn you gotten a letter yet? or is it still kind of up in the air? 
My air horn failed  HAHA~
88 in my apartment...yet i dont want to turn the air on   I think I'll cuddle with my fan. 
i dont have central air 
soooooo working without air condition sucks ass I'm exhausted 
Is burning up! It is hot outside tonight! And we don't have the air on 
@aaronrgillespie Hands in the air 
I want my bluair air purifier !!! 
Needs to find the hole in my air bed. 
@ExtremeWithin nope. and no glitter in the air 
@donkeyllama air conditioners are bad for your health.  
@icedcoffee it's all cool my bros an air traffic controller and they can guide planes in from ground safely!poor pilot tho 
@_kerstin yeah, my throat hurts too.. but i guess it's because of the long train ride.. u know, the air conditioner.. 
the air con isn't working properly. it's still freaking cold in here 
the air conditioners on the first floor are quite loud. i miss the bullpen 
@katiepennington ewww!!   *sends some air freshener and open windows*
@LaNeeKe my air in my apt went out cause we had it sooo low 
there is no air circulation. i'm melting.  and the icecream did too
@1045CHUMFM make it fun - whoever brings a fork to the station gets an on air shout out...i'm too far away so  won't be me
@devontebrown you can almost see the water floating in the air 
becoming increasingly annoyed about spending minnesota summers w/o air conditioning 
@cameronstewart I like balloons in air-dislike crash landings!-been there done that &amp; can no longer do  -pity was beautiful when I did
I am so depressed right now I could say a bad word. How can a dvd just vanish into thin air? It just isn't possible. I give up 
Trying to sleep..impossible without air conditioning  fml
Is sad that she finally had to turn the air conditioning on @ home 
I love the storms when they blow through.  The garden is greener and the air is sweeter.  reality is that I need to write a board report. 
@JoseHott fuck man! i wish i can get some fresh air 
Sweating.....Our air conditioning is not working 
We drove past some cattle trucks and the cute cows were sticking their sad faces out the air holes. No cheeseburgers for me. 
No air con. But it's so cold... 
I think my air conditioner has been running nonstop since i got home 
No liquor license=no booze  &amp; some myterious white smoke out the air vents. BUT I did get emergency row seats!! http://twitpic.com/7v0dq
@MissKerBaby my homie just went 2 the concert. I c had to miss it cuz I had to wrk. these air force jets couldn't tke the nite off 
What happened to the air conditioning?  #ggdev
sleeping on a deflated air mattress  broken air pump. neat.
going ot the open air theatre tonight. the sky is looking very grey 
@bettyandboo Don't think I'll be going to the hot air balloon festival today 
the night without air-con. hot.. 
@lovelessandmore oh breathe in the lovely fresh air! I wish I was in the countryside, but I have to revise and it sucks 
@postsecret my goal for summer is to survive it with no air conditioning 
Sadly my air conditioner decided to stop working and the forcast calls for upper 80's for the forseeable future 
its like 102 outside, I had2come bck home..even with my air I couldn't bare the heat 
Its like 102 outside even with my air on I couldn't bare this heat..had2come bck home 
had to spend the entire day in air conditioning so sad!  it is SO nice out!
is freezing  stupid air con
@mrhands09 the air bag did all the damage when it deployed 
at home. air not working and it's hot as hell! 
Boys off to Lords for the day, strangely liberating.  But still have hedges to save   But fresh air will do me good.     
okay, air raid animation is done. Next up: cleaning the bathroom 
Electricity is seriously fucked up. no air conditioning. no internet. need to spend day cleaning for electrician. 
The air at work is busted, it's blowing hot air and they can't turn it off 
talking to my air force buddies- miss you guyys 
wants to meet taylor lautner so eagerly. i'll be on thin air, you betcha'. 
@wendyisastar It's in the low 90s here which is gross. The air is so thick I can hardly move. 
It's 88 outside and heat index of 99, my house is currently at 80, my air condition is broken!!  I'm melting!!
The air condotioner is broken at work it us about 90 degrees in the building.  well geaux tigers, you boys dont mind the heat
@misstiffie 93 degrees outside! I just popped out to defrost too. I have an air conditioning vent DIRECTLY over my desk! I feel you 
It is so hot my air conditioner can not even keep up, I'm ready for fall.  
Oh my gosh, it's 100 degrees in the shade! We don't have our air conditioners in either  it's hot!
It's not even mid summer yet and my air conditioner is already threatening to die! woe is me 
@gingerrogerz girl its central air i cant just go buy a new one 
(shakes fist in the air)  brown out! 
biked 4 miles tonight... need to put air in front tire but no have air pump 
Oh joy my air conditioner is broken. 
wants a new purse. saving for a central heat/air instead 
np dan  great evening. god it is so freaking hot. air conditioner broke 
wondering what the hell i was thinking when i left an air conditioned house to come to one that is probably 90 degrees with NO ac 
This hot humid air is really doing a number on my dad. Not doing well tonight 
Everything i need right now is lost in the air somewhere. 
mmm air in my lungs. free advair to save me. now if only i can start breathing through my nose. who gets sick the first week of summer 
on a balcony in summer air 
@exoticbarbie I dnt like them either! But if I don't stop eating I'm gonna be one  I think ill just eat ice and breathe air from now on
@AFontane10 word... tickets are sold out at the air and space museum  i had no idea i was sposed to get tix for y'all. but sushi is onnn
sweating in my room with air conditioner turned on 
coming up for air... no wifi access at @media 
@littledotty defo not hated every single minute no air was flowing through even with the windows open 
Wait.. where are my updates from yesterday?! They vanished into thin air 
@varunsriram I am on air everyday and get sick of being appropriate.  so you are my outlet.  
Lets clean our air  http://www.ted.com/index.php/talks/kamal_meattle_on_how_to_grow_your_own_fresh_air.html (via @addthis)
@wueditor try some airwaves or pour some hot water into a glass and breath the steam in 
I am finally getting over the flu but remain on the air at WXRQ every day anyways 
@SherryinAL I was up in the air about his return but glad to have him back! So happy baseball has begun! Now all is right in the world. 
looking forward to fresh air and exercise on the cycle ride home 
just finished his hackbook air! hurrah! 
you know spring is here when you get to open the windows! ahhhh fresh air 
loved sitting on the beach watching the air acrobatics and now wants to learn to fly 
one more  'that tire is so smooth you can almost see the air in it'.
something in the air 
Fresh prince of bel air 
I just discovered that we won't be using air conditioning this summer. I'm so excited!  Haha. I love the house being hot! And now the  ...
Driving to work .. at least there is air conditioning there 
@TheDelicious I'll help you forget ALL about the air conditioner, 
fresh prince of bel air reruns 
@nkotbsince88 it's still up in the air-- i was hoping i was the winner 
Going on a date in bel air 
they actually shipped it back 2 day air.  i didn't believe, but it's here.  yay finally got my solia flat iron. works great 
@fourzerotwo next time, don't hold on.. put your arms in the air like you're on a rollarcoaster! It's fun like that 
@CriLauren I second this motion! ::shakes fist in the air:: no school means lots if free time. Should be able to write more 
Getting ready for work whilst watching the fresh prince of bel air 
I just love the smell of spring in the air. 
when shes asleep the air shes breathing is for yoooou..(8) 
Cleaning up and enjoying the fresh air this crisp morning. Smells so good in the house 
warm air while raining and w the smell of cut grass - always reminds me of sitting on the porch @ nemc, waiting for dinner 
@wednesday Perhaps you might consider an air popper instead? 
azi ma simt...uimitor de plina de viata, considerand noaptea trecuta  is there something in the air?
says I can smell fried chicken in the air.  http://plurk.com/p/rird7
I'm in a hot air ballooonn 
@justinewalshe Wouldn't hang the washing out now anyway - the grey clouds are gathering here and there's an ominous chill in the air. 
I smell summer in the air!!!  
if there are 3 of the same ellipticals, why does the boy have to go on the one next to mine. you're stealing my air AND distracting me! 
@comeagainjen thank you for being so cool and down to earth, in this business, its not easy to come by. you're a breath of fresh air 
@cavaleraa I'm self-taught (actually, continually learning!), been playing for not too long, but air-drumming since I was 7!  
@king_blsbs oooh love is in the air? 
listening to walking on air for the 302nd time, according to itunes 
@blackshtef Must be something in the air 
Negghead mix on the air!   http://tinyurl.com/ckdwao
Watching next day air 
is on air 
@CocaBeenSlinky morning! I'm in the garden getting air 
off to do some gardening and get lots of fresh air - i love Sundays 
love is in the air??? hmm... i don't know, maybe, could be, it's posible, who knows! 
next day air was pretty good 
@ashleykins01 reduce air pollution..the vacuum just sucks it all up. 
love is in the air 
treating myself on some fresh air and something to eat. Even naar AH 
Here's a great catch ... an air purifyng wall heater for only $59.95 (save $140 on retail!) Where you ask? @TodaysCatch of course 
@tommcfly it's great that you feel better, fresh air is nice im sure it will help too 
Ah, huge sigh of relief and an even bigger breath of fresh air 
chillen up at kiss then on air at power fm @ 2! 
Cottage air is curing the sickness that has infested me 
The cool air and large coke are making me feel happy right now 
fresh prince of bel air, haha 
@ricklondon enjoy feel that air, watch the sky and say hello to the hills for me 
@dontexplode - awesome, dood! isn't that a great feeling? ps: music is like the air is breathe 
@DavidArchie yea, the earthquake wasn't tooo bad thankfully. just some rattling &amp; shaking. glad you were in the air when it happened tho! 
Sleeping on air 
@kylewadsworth i'm waiting for july.  on the air new zealand avod system they have outrageous fortune on  and skiing too of course
#musicmonday no air- jordin sparks 
love is in the air... 
Right! fresh air time ...brb 
@JPlatnum it's a certain scent in the air, kinda musky 
checking out air fares to japan with kenny 
i love the cool air here. can i stay here till exams finish? 
Traded with @zazabronkhorst this morning  3 of her rusks for 3 on air mentions of the website! 
@OneRadioVixen ur so right!!!! It def is  u guys r a mess on air lol
sunshine+warmth=smell the cash in the air! save a lobster/boil a tourist! 
Its amazing what a breath of 'fresh' air can do for your perspective... I'm not mad anymore 
Finally gets to see fucking air-rick! 
There is friday in the air 
