Most common words for this cluster:
[('air', 423), ('france', 341), ('plane', 85), ('flight', 61), ('atlantic', 58), ('http', 51), ('families', 50), ('news', 38), ('passengers', 37), ('crash', 34), ('people', 30), ('com', 26)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Air', 0.8240179419517517), (u'France', 0.6830095648765564), (u'extradites_Noriega', 0.6557464599609375), (u'KUAM.com_KUAM_News', 0.6240646839141846), (u'Villebon_Sur_Yvette', 0.6217091679573059), (u'Vandore_reported', 0.57798832654953), (u'called_Xynthia_blew', 0.5751100182533264), (u'spokeswoman_Marina_Tymen', 0.5682424902915955), (u'JB_Dunckel', 0.5680626630783081), (u'Inc_NASDAQ_AIRT', 0.5648765563964844)]





Man I want some Nike Air Yeezy's but as i don't live in states have no chance in hell  Ahh well spend the $200 on 2 pairs of sb's instead!
@webapptweet - I tried #TweetDeck too and it never would work.  After downloading the Air file a prompt said it was probably corrupted. 
Prince of Bel Air RERUNS lmao. insomnia is taking over again 
@ajafair The Court of the Air is super shitty; I should have warned you, but I did not think there was any point in giving you anti-recs. 
@decryption @RLFloyd - missed out on the Air already 
Flight 666 releases today!! In cinemas for one day only... Pity it won't in India.  http://www.ironmaiden.com/flight666/
@BeejayBeejay ist aber auch Adobe Air 
Watching an Air Crash Investigation on the Lockabie tragedy. So, so sad. 
@Air1Scott  that stinks.... hope you feel... UNsore? soon... i know how you feel. not fun. 
.@fjkinnit oh it's a problem with Adobe Air. the settings are set to not connect to internet, so it's fucked!! i've reinstalled heaps 
Air is escaping from my lungs, I'm in mothereffing terrible pain constantly, and I look like an old person when I walk around. 
Bumping Air Supply's Greastest Hits 
Off to play Tennis at Bel Air, courts are wet  but, we will play anyway.
Been waiting in all day for Air France to return my case 
I'm not gonna get to go to a summit  But I'm going to the Air Force Museum
Hotel name, address too long for Air Canada's web check-in little mind. It nags with &quot;need more time?&quot; and resets all fields on the form 
@DDrDark It looks like any other Air client... CRAP... 
Air conditioning is very cold... 
Air conditioning is broken at work and for some reason I'm the only person working who dsnt leave her station. Wana pass out 
Air.cond bocor... 
On my way to the beach at Bellows Air Force Base....for the last time 
An Air France place missing after takeoff from Rio Brazil around 600 GMT reports CNN.  Also Indians were hit twice wt tech snag at Paris.
Air France Airbus down in the Atlantic. 
Air France plane from Rio to Paris missing. Crashed ? Maybe just me, but I'm nervous... Hope they're ok  http://bit.ly/15Y5iK
Air france plane went missing 
* Lost * - Air France jet (200+ passengers) vanishes from radars http://bit.ly/lrYS2 
I sincerely hope that Airbus over the Atlantic is not as tragic as it sounds..  We wish them a miracle!!!
News Update: Air France Flight 447 Rio to CDG goes off the radar in the Atlantic, fear of 228 missing  http://tinyurl.com/n7v3rh
Air France Airbus A330 - flight AF 447 crashes into the Atlantic Ocean of the Brazil Coast. 238 people feared dead. 
read @nytimes nd @cnnbrk Air France Flight 4 Paris from Brazil,wth 228 aboard, missin over Atlantic,uh oh..looks like Adam Air's incident 
Air France plane with 228 people missing over Atlantic ocean. Plane was on its way to France from Brazil-Rio. 
Air France say &quot;no hope&quot; for missing plane. Oh Dear 
Airbus vanishes from radar: Air France from Rio de Janeiro to Paris has disappeared. 
SAD NEWS! An Air France aircraft has gone missing over the Atlantic Ocean  http://www.cnn.com/2009/WORLD/americas/06/01/air.france.brazil/
Air France mis-treated Indian passengers traveling via Paris, owing to technical snag, twice. No water, food or hotel. Poor Service. 
Air France Airbus A332 missing of the Brazil Coast 
Watching Today Show- Air France disaster. 
Air France plane from Rio 2 Paris missing. Crashed ? mayB just me, but I'm nervous... Hope they're ok  http://bit.ly/15Y5iK (via @rodrigo)
really concerned about Air France jet disappearing  watching CNN coverage
@snedwan Sky news says Air France has &quot;lost hope&quot;. They're not giving anything away 
Sad about the Air France plane going missing 
Poor 228 people.  Air France MUST be okay.
Sky News: Brazilian Air Force conducting search and rescue mission in the Atlantic after passenger plane goes missing.   Flight AF 447
Need to work but can't concentrate. So little info surrounding the Air France flight. If even I feel this way, how do the families feel? 
Air France flight from Rio to Paris. What a tragedy. 
Very depressing - Air France Jet missing  http://www.cnn.com/2009/WORLD/americas/06/01/air.france.brazil/index.html
Air France A330 missing 3 hours into flight, no official word yet on its fate. My guess is I'll wake 2 bad news 
Air France Flight 447 is missing 
A few thoughts on this missing Air France jet: OMG LOST? AMIRITE? Also, please let this be related to aliens!!! Also, sad. 
Airplane of Air France is missing since this morning, with 216 passengers on board... how awful. 
The Air France plane was due to land 2 1/2 hours ago. Something has gone terribly wrong. Sad.  
It's like Lost all over again with that Air France plane lost in the Atlantic..and I'm flying half way 'round the world next week! Boohoo 
Saddened by apparent loss of Air France flight 
Just read that an Air France plane en route to Paris went missing over the Arlantic last night. Awesome. Can't sleep now 
I hate stairs! This will surely leave another mark on my arm..  my oh my! Hope they find more info about that missing Air France..
Bad News for AF447. &quot;lost hope&quot;  #Air France
Air France plane lost in Atlantic over 5 hours ago - yikes. This is no Captain Sully in the Hudson story. 5 hrs? Very bleak. 
Air France plane from Brazil to Paris gone missing over Atlantic.  Prayers are in order. 
@chriscornell @vickycornell missing Air France jet w/ 228 aboard  Rio de Janeiro to Paris
Air France Flight goes missing over the Atlantic  http://bit.ly/C3dwK
Holy Hell! The French Airbus Crashed 
Looks like today's topic of the day so far is #Bing... And of course the missing Air France plane 
Thoughts and prayers for Air France friends and family http://www.businessweek.com/ap/financialnews/D98HS5M00.htm.  No emergency call 
Poor Air France and all the people on board 
@MickyFin Air France Press conference said there was a failure of several apparatus 
Crazy news -- Air France flight to Rio is missing.... I do hope it's just had issues with its comms, not actually crashed. Scary. 
Air france airbus likely gone down in atlantic 
An Air France plane carrying 228 people has disappeared over the Atlantic Ocean. http://idek.net/C~Q #Atlantic 
wants to know where the Air france's airbus 330-200  is 
Horror Monday. The Air France mystery - Vanished? Crashed? What what what? Heart-wrenched for those on the plane and their loved ones! 
 Missing Air France Airbus was carrying 126 men, 82 women, 7 children and 1 baby...airline says no doubt it has crashed. Lightning strike
Need to call it a night. Sincere thoughts and prayers for loved ones of Air France crash passengers  RIP
Heard about the missing Air France flight. Gosh, that's really sad and scary at the same time 
Sincere thoughts and prayers for loved ones of Air France crash passengers  RIP
Airbus vanishes from radar: Air France from Rio de Janeiro to Paris has disappeared. 
Pray for a miracle for the missing Air France flight 
 abt missing Air France plane. Follow here for best air news source:  http://tinyurl.com/m2p6yk
wonders what happened to the Airbus plane with 288 people which disappeared in the Atlantic  http://plurk.com/p/xn8ip
Air France says there is &quot;no doubt&quot; the missing Airbus carrying more than 200 passengers has crashed in the Atlantic. (via @BreakingNews) 
@Riti25 shockin....! Air France... ! hope dey safe... 
Say a prayer for the families of Air France flight 447  
@Parker008 I know  I was supposed to go next summer to Rio via Air France, and a plane crash is my greatest fear 
is at work. Sucks to hear about the Air France flight.  Hopefully they are okay.
is at work. Sucks to hear about the Air France flight.  Hopefully they are okay.
Flight Rio Paris Air France 447 disappear with 228 people abroad all feared dead 
Saw the news about the other Air France plane crashed today in Atlantic with more than 200 people. Sad  how fragile we all are
Very sorry for Air France's crash.  I have to take an airplane in a few weeks..
Just heard about the Air France Incident.... so tragic  http://bit.ly/JWass
@alpalmer It disappeared quite a few hours ago so it crashed in the Atlantic  Air France called my work to see if we could contact him
Air France AF447 goes down over Atlantic. &quot;No hope of survivors,&quot; says the airline. 
God may be with people from Air France flight between Rio and Paris, as well as with their families in this trying time 
Thoughts and prayers go out to all those affected by Air France Flight 447.......... 
Sad day!  An Air France Airbus went missing over the Atlantic Ocean this morning.
Air France Flight 447 F-GZCP from Rio to Paris with 12 crew + 216 pax gone missing over Atlantic today 
Air France Flight 447 from Rio to Paris with 216 pax + 12 crew gone missing over Atlantic today  http://tr.im/n2Dx
Air France Flight 447 Rio de Janeiro - Paris with 216 people and 12 crew on board has disappeared off radar... 
So sad about Air France. My heart goes out. 
Just read about the lost Air France flight from Rio De Janeiro toParis.  228 on board.  
Air France Flight goes missing over the Atlantic  http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/31040692
228 Souls on Board Air France, Lost at Sea?     http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/brazil_plane
An Air France flight with 200+ ppl just &quot;disappeared&quot; over the Atlantic Ocean...Not a good sign 
Air France airbus 320 rio de janeiro to paris crashes! 15 crewmembers and their passengers lost in the Atlantic ocean! 
So sad about that Air France jetliner crash!  I wonder if anyone will survive to tell their tale to Oprah 
Air France Flight 447 missing.. this is really sad  
lost on the Atlantic ocean flight Air France 447 with  228 people aboard, 1 baby, 7 children, 82 women and 126 men 
Let us all pray for the passengers of AIR FRANCE Flight 447, who lost their lives in the plane crash today 
freaked out by the Air France went 'poof' over Atlantic Ocean news 
Air France Flight Flight 447 missing over the Atlantic  http://www.cnn.com/2009/WORLD/americas/06/01/air.france.brazil/index.html
RIP passengers of missing Air France plane... Thoughts are with the family's   http://bit.ly/uuHqI
All dead on Flight 447 from Rio to Paris that crashed on the Atlantic Ocean  
I'm glad I don't work at Air France.  Sad times for them.
my condolences to France and Brazil because of Plane Crash  http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/8076848.stm
@ThisIsRobThomas - just landed at LGA to find about Air France flight. I flew Air France 3 times last month. Sad for all the familes!  
AFP: More than 20 Germans @ Air France Flight AF 447 
 my heart goes out to the families of the Air France victims. Smh...
http://bit.ly/UVD4J This is just too sad!!!!  Air France....
sad news this morning... GM &amp; Air France 
Air France... Heart-breaking tragedy... 
How did the Air France flight AF 447 go missing? So scary. My heart goes out to the passengers aboard and their families. 
Thoughts and Prays to those on Air France 
Sadly the Air France plane that reportedly vanished crashed into the Atlantic  http://bit.ly/qcKws
God Bless the families of the Air France flight   You're in my prayers!!
Air France plane crashes into Atlantic Ocean 
Need Air-Con in the Studio 
My deepest sympathies go out to all 238 familes of the flight from Air France.     ~Dani~
Very sad about the Air France accident.  I travel sometimes trough the ocean and it scares me now.. :-/
Have only just heard about the Air France disaster! All 228 people suspected dead as its believe 2 have crashed into the Atlantic! 
Air France flight AF447 crashes with 228 passengers. Feeling  ...May lord give all strength to their families and friends.
Saddened by the news of the ill-fated Air France flight. 
RIP Air France 447 passengers who lost their life in the crash 
very sad about the Air France's Airbus news... God helps theirs families! 
@tommcfly haha Oh dear, if you can't say anything about it, it was definitely a great night! haha.. I'm shocked with Air France thing 
Feel really bad4 the relatives &amp;friends of the ppl on board the Air France plane that's gone 'missing'...must b agony  http://bit.ly/wT0B7
I feel sorry for the missing Air France plane.. Hope everything will be sorted out very soon. 
Praying for the 228 passengers of the lost Air France plane (Rio de Janeiro-Paris)  It is so sad. May God bless them and their families.
my prayers to out to the famiy and friends of Air France Flight # 447  
Air France ... LOST... Franceses ...  brinks a parte... hehe 
Read about the Air France plane crash. . . So sad!!  http://tinyurl.com/nyp36z
@solangeknowles sad to hear the Air France airbus crashing in the Atlantic.. thoughts &amp; prayers go to the 228 victims &amp; their families 
Very sad about the Air France accident.  I sometimes need to travel over the ocean and it scares me now.. :-/
Air France plane missing with 200 on board   My heart goes out to the families.
Very sad about the Air France plane 
sad to hear the Air France airbus crashing in the Atlantic......thoughts &amp; prayers go to the 228 victims &amp; their families....... 
Air France Flight 447 Rio-Paris crashes on the Atlantic ocean most passengers Brazilians, French, Germans and other nationals. Sad 
@dhohndel Glad you were on United airlines today, not Air France. 
concerned about the Air France flight. I doesn't sound good, but i'm hoping for a miracle. maybe Capt. Sully was on board 
now I feel bad RE Air France joke. 
Deepest sympathy 2 all the families in the Air France plane crash in the Atlantic!! 
Pray for those lost on the Air France flight. I'm not religious but I hope theyre found no matter what! 
Sad to hear about air France plane disappearing over the Atlantic ocean, hope they find the plane soon 
Thoughts and preys go outs to thoses who lost love ones on the Air France jet, and to Swine Flu  (Such sad Times these days)
According to Times Now, Air France says its aircraft carrying 228 passengers has crashed. The worst thing today one could hear 
is about to finish Fresh Prince of Bel Air.. Will miss the series 
OMG!Air France!Cannot believe!I am so sorry for the families 
Air France Flight 447 Lost In Thee' Atlantic.  228 Passengers Dead.  Sad 
Air France Plane disappears over the Atlantic, little hope of survival (228 people), sad and scary  Official PR (FR): http://bit.ly/wNdP3
thoughts and prayers with the families of the passangers and crew from the Air France plane that dissapeared today, leaving from Rio... 
Air France plane crashes into Atlantic with 228 aboard :http://www.reuters.com/article/newsOne/idUSTRE5501PB20090601  
 Rest in peace victims of Air France Flight 447: Wishing comfort to friends and families...
Krasse Sache mit der Air France Maschine 
@Air_France Searching for you airbus in deep sea...i sorry but i don't have more hope. I'm sorry for that peoples 
Very sad... I just heard about the Air France flight ...... I'll pray for them. 
Hi @AlohaArleen watching the news the last 5 hours sad and it will be close to impossible to know exactly what happened to Air France 447 
Oh god my dad came home from Air France last week!!! Thank God and pray for those who r stuck in that plane 
Sad News about that Air France flight 
Air France flight crashed into Atlantic apparantly. Feel for the families 
Just ran around town doing errands, now I have less than an hour to relax b4 work  ***Praying for the people on board Air France
I am shocked by the crash of Air France. 228 passengers are still missing. God help us! 
So sad about the Air France flight! How awful when I heard it at a friend's house 
@theinquisitr Air France Flight ... I hope it was over soon 
Air France  God bless all who lost anybody, if that is what happened. &lt;3
Poor Air France and those involved. 
Have you guys heard of the Air France flight that's missing with over 200 passangers? So sad. My paryers go to them their families. 
Air France plane missing over atlantic... Feared crashed 
Sad for the Air France flight.  I am not a big fan of airplanes.
Air France PLane was new- Crew some of our best 
was not on the Air France plane that just crashed. Safe and sound in NYC; but only for the night 
I'm so sad about the Air France Jet crash. It's crazy, the plane just disappeared. Poor travelers...  http://is.gd/LKkT
First Twitter update ever... Air France flt AF447 (GIG-CDG) still not found. 
No news on the Air France Flight 447 from Rio to Paris that crashed on the Atlantic Ocean with 228 ppl aboard very difficult to find it 
That Air France &quot;crash&quot; is so freaky.. that's like my biggest fear: Drowning in the middle of the ocean... lord, poor people 
My childhood friend of 26 years - from primary school and the Conservatory of Istanbul was on that Air France plane  Ceren where are u now
Wishing that they find the Air France Plane nowww! 
Im quite nervous about Air France cos a similar event happened in Nigera abt 4 years ago. It was a ... hope it's not the same thing 
Oh no! An Air France flight has gone missing over the Atlantic  http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/31040692/
What is it with Air France I'm well confused 
My sympathies for the families &amp; friends of Air France Flight 477. 
I'm so shooked about that Air France accident.   Going to revise
Watching the news on TV nothing really changed from this morning. Air France Flight Crashed on the Atlantic Ocean, 228 dead. 
Awful news about Air France flight, to think its been 12 hours and still not found the plane, bad times for relatives 
So, so very sad concerning the crash of the Air France Jet with 228 possible dead. Praying for them and their families! We may never know 
This Air France drama is very freaky. Do you think there is any real hope of survival? I dont  thoughts with everyone effected x
my prayers go out to Air France's missing jet  stay strong and RIP
My heart goes to all my friends of Air France.... So sad 
My heart &amp; prayers go out to all the passengers &amp; their families of Air France Flight 477. We are thinking of you 
I was always scared of flying... Tonight's Air France news is not helping 
Air france disaster is not helping me my fear of flying in plane 
My heart, filled with sadness, reaches out to all those effected by the Air France crash. May you find peace and comfort in these times. 
@LiQiuD GM failing - been on my radar for 3-6 months.  Poor folks.  Air France =    R.I.P. to all that were possibly lost.
What a tragedy with Air France Flight 447... Hope all the families and friends find a way thru this... 
Bed. Really feeling for families of the Air France crash. Have family who have made the same journey many times. Wed 'til they know more 
heart and thoughts are with the people and families of Air France Flight 477 
So sad for those who have lost loved ones, in the Air France catastrophe. Keep them  in your prayers!! How does a plane just vanish??? 
Think about the COG's and their families and friends who lost their lives in the Air France crash. 
my thoughts and prayers go out to all the family members who have loved ones on board Air France    Its very heartbreaking 
sad for the people on Air France Airlines...RIP 
I need Air Con in here! Wayyy too hot, even with both windows open 
woke up with Air France News. So Sad ..  http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/8078147.stm
Pray for the people in the Air France flight.. So sad  I dont know how much I wanna go to Paris anymore...
25 Germans perish in Air France crash http://www.thelocal.de/19643/ Sad story. 
so sad about the Air France flight...seems like something out of a movie   Horrible.
Passengers on Air France Flight 447 sent text messages to family before plane disappeared http://tinyurl.com/nuyuuq. Horrible way to die. 
God Bless those on board Air France flight 447 
People on the Air France flight 447 were texting there friends and families saying 'I'm afraid' and 'I love you' before it vanished..  
Flew Air France a week ago today. Definitely those people on board flight 447 are on my mind. 
Take a minute to think of the families of the Air France flight that went down last night. 
I was on Air France last night and I just want to say that I'm feeling very blessed right now!!!  My prays goes out to AF filght 447
Take a minute to think of the families of the Air France flight that went down last night. 
Sorry, but i'm too sad today.Take a minute to think of the families of the Air France flight that went down last night. 
@PetiteSam @AngryAngMo Seems Senegal has found what could be Air France flight 447 wreckage within its national waters 
God Bless all Air France plane souls 
Vast search of Atlantic Ocean for Air France jet :: http://tinyurl.com/mrunmg :: Sad story about Air France 
School started today; lots of homework!  Also, I'm sad about Air France...I'm no stranger to the Airbus. 
shocked and saddened by the loss of the Air France plane and its passengers...from RIO of all places! 
Praying for the people who were on that Air France plane!  Pray to god they find that plane.
Air France - It is a very tragic incident. 
i pray to all the God's that Air France Jet is found! i'm soo sad 
OMG!! The 216 passengers included 126 men, 82 women, 7 children and a baby, Air France said. This is so sad..... 
Just now learnt of the Air France crash. Have been on a plane when struck by lightning &amp; it was terrifying. Know now how lucky we were 
@NKAirplay I am literally in tears right now. Way to cap such a sad day with the Air France tragedy and now this.  Hang in there hun.
Been a VERY crazy day!! Hope to hear some news about Air France  so sad!! But otherwise it was a semi-productive day.
feels sorry for Air France. It's like on the hit tv series LOST or something. hoping for good news 
Oh my God. How tragic.  &quot;Pinoy among passengers of missing Air France jet&quot; http://tinyurl.com/ksd6zn
still can't get over the Air France flight 447. God Bless them all. 
OH WOW FAIL. My thoughts are with all those of the Air France flight and their families 
OH WOW FAIL. My thoughts are with all those of the Air France flight and their families 
My heart goes out to all da ppl missing frm the Air France plane and their relatives.. Sad news 
My heart goes out to all da ppl missing frm the Air France plane and their relatives.. Sad news  i guess its never safe enough 2 fly
Very scared for the people on the Air France flight. 
Air France is missing after the stormy weather in the Atlantic Ocean.... is sad 
God Bless to those people on Air France 
Shame, it's such sad news about the Air France plane 
Horrified! As Air France A330 is still missing with 228 oboard!!! 
Flying is always a serious undertaking for me, so the disappearance of the Air France plane over the Atlantic is rather upsetting 
A Pilot discover orange Point ober the Atlantic ! Maybe the Plane  #Air France
Going to install SP1 and SP2 and have some breakfast. Such a shame about the Air France Flight 447 
Such a shame about the Air France Flight 447 
Effing up someone else's holiday is the worst feeling in this job  also, where is Air Frances missing flight?
Pray for the families and people on the air France plane that disappeared 
is sad that his colleagues from Brazilian Mining giant Vale were on board the ill fated Air France 447 
There is three missing Norwegians at the Air France Flight 
I'm a stupidly worried for my BF who is on a Air France flight right now 
On another note, the Air France tragedy is very sad. Those poor people and their loved ones left behind 
They still havent found the Air France plane   So sad for the people... God Bless...
Shocked to hear the death of 228 on Air France in a crash on Monday 
Considering taking a boat to Japan.  Hopefully the mystery of Air France 447 is solved soon, so the families can begin grieving in peace 
cannot beleive what happened to the Air Drance plane, it's tragic 
@wdfarmer The Air France thing is terrible, as was the George Tiller shooting 
You will be in my prayer's tonight Air France Jet passengers.  Tweet dreams
My heart, sympathy, &amp; prayers go out to all those affected by the Air France incident. Tragic story... 
whenever i see a headline about the missing Air France flight.. i remember the movie Castaway.. 
The 228 people who lost their lives in the Air France Flight 447 crash are in my thoughts and prayers.  #airbus #a330-200 #airfrance
@LizUK Between stories like that, Air France, and Dublin airport, I'm getting to the point where I don't want to fly any more... 
There was a South African onboard the Air France flight.  
is praying for the passengers of Air France (Rio 2 Paris) flight... It could have been any of us... Got a feeling I know someone in there 
God be with all the Air France passengers and their families!! such a tragedy 
Air France Jet still missing in Atlantic Ocean. 228 passengers one of them is a Filipino! 
Air France- Please pray for them... 
Will the debris of the Air France plane crash ever be found? 
@Mallarybc just about to go on Air- queue is 40 minutes tho 
Grey morning, just heard about Air France  disaster
aww have they still not found the Air France flight. That's so sad 
just been told an ex employee was one of the people on that missing Air France Flight 
lol'd at the Air France missing a plane, wondering how the French could lose something so big. Then I found out it went missing in flight 
felt very bad about the Air France Flight 
Air France Flight 447 news breaks my heart. 
Air France Flight 447=scary + sad 
Breaking News(CNN) Unidentified wreckage found in Atlantic hunt for Air France plane that vanished with 228 aboard, Brazil officials say 
AIR FRANCE FLIGHT 447 --Brazilian Air Force confirms a plane seat was found 650km NE of Fernando de Noronha 
Couple from Texas on Air France plane that is missing. 2 of the 228 on board. 
AIR FRANCE FLIGHT 447 --Brazilian Air Force confirms a plane seat was found 650km NE of Fernando de Noronha 
I would like to ask everyone to pray for the Air Frane flight 447 and the missing passengers. That's sooo sad! 
Had a dream that I found a lone survivor from the Air France flight- holding on to a piece of the wing 
The Air France flight 447 crash is so sad.  Only found a seat and some fuel in the Atlantic so far.
Just heard my husbands 'doctor', due to visit an orthdontic conference this weekend, was on that Air France Flight. Not good 
@cnnbrk Rest in Peace passengers of Air France 
&quot;Plane debris found in path Air France jet took&quot; - http://is.gd/Mh5n - no sign of survivors 
R.I.P everyone on the Air France flight  Sad times
My prayers for all the Air France Flight 447 passengers and condolences to their families 
Plane debris found in path Air France jet took http://tinyurl.com/mmcpsv 
WAHHH! Sad News again  Plane debris found in path Air France jet took (http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/brazil_plane)
Debris found in ocean from Air France   Was hoping for some crazy outcome other than blown up. Sad.
Air France Flight 447 ...so sad 
About the Air France Flight 447: &quot;An airplane seat cushion, a life jacket, and signs of fuel are found in the Atlantic.&quot; Oh noooo! 
Any news on the Air France plane? Heard it crashed na! 
looking at the Air France tragedy on the news, my prayers go out to all   Hope everything turns out okay...
I just read the Air France article on Yahoo News....thats crazy.....and sad... 
R.I.P. For The Air-France A330 Passengers 
R.I.P for the Air France Passengers 
Jesus...I hadn't even heard about the Air France crash. My heart goes out to the family of all of the passengers and crew 
@agiam Air France Flight.  There was NOTHING the pilots could've done.  Bad weather and it sounds like bad things happened fast.  
Article about victims on the Air France Flight  http://bit.ly/10dO5P
Isnt it strange how that aircraft just VANISHED from the radar? (Air France)? Mannnn I miss my mom 
RIP 2 all those who died on Air France..got me scared 2 fly now  everybody b greatful that u r alive
I guess they found the Air France plane  Im soo sad for those people! R.I.P everyone aboard
Too bad there's a Filipino in the missing Air France plane.  But thank God just one.
Just heard that the only 2 Americans from the Air France flight that crashed were from Louisiana  Very sad for all families involved
My thoughts, prayers &amp; condoles 4 those who lost loved ones on Air France. It's devastatingly heartbreaking. 
Pray for those who were in the Air France flight 
is sad to hear that there were no survivors of the Air France's Flight 447. One of which was a Filipino 
prayers go out to the families of all passengers on Air France Flight 447 
Hey guys! Be careful w some of the links that are attached to trending topics just opened somethin inappropriate thinking it was a/ Air F 
Oh shit... Air France plane crash is confirmed  Damn sad! http://bit.ly/XBB1v
RIP to the Air France 447 passengers...  
The items found in debris in Atlantic confirms that it was Air France flight 
Bittersweet story for the only Canadian casualty in the Air France tragedy. 
Feels bad about the Air France Air bus missing plane incident. Wreckage has been found..  http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/8080290.stm
Sounds like Air France disaster is as bad as thought   Possible wreckage is found 
Got a lump in my throat  to those families affected by the Air France disaster, my thoughts and prayers are with you  I am so so sorry
It's such a shame about the Air France flight from Brazil. it breaks my heart noone survived.  Life is Short. When ur time is up- it's up 
the whole Air France thing reminds me abit in LOST...is that wrong? My heart goes out to all the poor victims families  xo
@mrskutcher did u see the Air France disaster?Thats whats killin me at the mo.. All those ppl, no consolation 2 the families... Very sad 
Saddened by the Air France crash. 
Saddened by the Air France crash.  haha http://tinyurl.com/ovrz53
Saddened by the Air France crash.  haha http://twurl.nl/j7uw3o
Saddened by the Air France crash.  haha http://twurl.nl/kjj176
Air France debris found in the Atlantic - poor families of the  passengers 
is watching CNN and is deeply saddened by the Air France tragedy.  http://plurk.com/p/y33s6
this Air France shit is crazzyy... it's like Lost... and it's freaking creepy, but my heart goes out to all the families.. 
my heart and prayers go out to the family and friends of those on Air France Flight 447.  Just terrible 
@b0tsk33 Air France was already found and confirmed that there are no survivors. http://lev.me/AF447 
My heart goes out to those who've perished in the tragic Air France flight. Photos of grieving relatives and friends kill me inside 
Pleh...Air Conditioner guy coming to sell us a new A/C this morning...ours is kaput 
What a tragedy with the loss of lives on Air France.My thoughts are with the family and friends of the deceased 
getting ready for Sauna Open Air.... but the weather sucks 
The Air France news. Very sad.  My thoughts go to the families.
@fladoughboy i thought it was fake all along, too crazy to be real so i skipped it. Air france update today &amp; YoutubeSub box isnt working 
The Air France debris was found last night... Deadlest 21st century aviation accident. Read the story in the newspaper... 
My heartfelt condolences to the families of passengers and crew of the Air France flight that vanished.  May their souls be at peace.
Now that they've lost the Air France plane again I'm even more certain the poor people are stuck in Lost! Will this never end? 
I feel like killing myself I just got disconnected from the finale of Dead Air 
debris wasn't from Air France flight...I just hope God comfort the families hearts...I can't imagine how bad is 2 loose someone like that 
So sad. Debris found in the Atlantic is not from Air France 447. Black box may never be found. 
Debris, Oil Slick From Air France Flight Found Off Brazilian Coast. This is just sad  http://tinyurl.com/pm9ut9
Hige plane in the back is Air India. The little one in front...yup that's our plane  http://twitpic.com/6qp8o
I'm sleepy on the saturday and wondering what happened to that Air France flight. Not good for my fear of flying. 
omg. CNNMobile text: Bodies have been found from d Air France that crashed in the Atlantic.  sad. sad. God bless their souls.
  &gt;. Bodies from Air France crash have been found  http://twurl.nl/dvu8be (via @Paisano )
Bodies found from Air France  http://migre.me/1Twy (use google to translate) They also found  bags and laptop with names on it..  Too sad
Everyone,please pray for the victims' families of Air France Flight 447  http://www.airfrance.com/
Prayin for the family of Air France victims  http://if10.net/0cf
Say a prayer for the victims and their families of the Air France plane crash 
URGENT -- Air force officials say they have found bodies and debris from Air France flight 447 which crashed in the Atlantic. 
Air is in the shop.  No laptop for a week. 
The Air Frace plane crash news is so sad...two bodies were found this morning 
Watching rebroadcast of D-Day ceremonies in France on C-Span. French Prez Sarkozy is speaking . 9000 American graves. 
Everyone's still talking about that Air France plane crash. Well, new worse things happen each day: http://webpartner.com/MegaDisaster 
MacBook Air will only boot in safe mode after 10.5.7 update last night. Looks like a day of comp fixing ahead 
this Air France story is freaking me out a lil, i HATE flying, and im soon going canada.  im sure i'll cry
Quite sad reading that now after more than six days since the Air France plane went down, bodies have been discovered 
The Air France incident is seriously so bizarre, especially since it's happened in this IT era. My heart goes out to the families. Tragic 
Search for Air France Flight 447 Reveals Astonishing Pollution of World's Oceans http://twitzap.com/u/4ik (via @juccce) environmental day 
Omg just read that one of the passengers of the Air France flight was this Brazilian that was going to star on the German Wicked.  
o damn, its tru..i agree..airplanes are awesome but damn UNSAFE! esp when u'r traveling over seas! feel it 4 u Air France 
Air conditioner at sears is fixed. Now i have fewer things to complain about my job 
My thoughts are currently with the victims of the Air France disaster.  Hopefully they will find everyone so the families have closure 
Air France's US Site offers a widget that solely installs on your desktop  Clicking on RSS link gets to.. the UK site! (+Netvibes, tx!)
Let us NOT tweet for ONE minute in memory of Air France 
I'll NOT tweet for 24 hours in memory of Air France. My time starts from 8/6/09 4:00 am - 9/6/09 4:00 am --&gt;Follow Me 
Besides the 17 bodies were also found dozens of components of the Air France plane in the Atlantic Ocean.   
I was hoping for a better outcome in the Air-france tragedy 
Indeed a heart-breaking story.  @ecowarriorr @elaineishere: This is just sad. Search for Air France Flight 447 hindered by ocean garbage
@syazanaa Oh noooooo.  She flew by Air Asia?
Air fresheners that are supposed to smell like &quot;new car&quot; dont really smell like new car 
@cfromme Yep! Air Canada totally crushed it and actually managed to tear the metal open. 
Air conditioner crapped out and leaked water everywhere probably this morning. Smells of mildew. Gross. Sleeping downstairs tonight. 
Waiting to see if my Air Conditioner freezes up again.   
Ripped my shorts in the crotch, accidentally took all the Air Race pics in small resolution=pissed fiance, and my face is puffy from sun. 
Air Law sucks 
Still no response in regards to the Air Guitar slight.  
@BYONEST I'm SO bummed you can't   I know you need to install Adobe Air FIRST, did you try that? Heres the link:  http://bit.ly/gg0Lu
So much for my detox - finished a bottle of OBS  &amp; I still can't sleep... damn you Air france....
Reading about the Air France jet that broke up in the sky is making me scared. How will I get on a flight next month? Flying sucks 
@MrsTowner  I went to basic for the Air Force...got discharged    Had an asthma attack when we did the 2 mile run and they had to boot me
is staying busy w/ the Air Force and can't go see Aventura again 2mw in Houston   Thought I was gonna see them twice in 1 wk!
Air Can doesn't allow online check-in for Expedia tickets so, combined w train malfunction, am not sitting on aisle for 1st time in ages. 
Oh my golly gosh this is Carlton from the Fresh Prince of Bel Air http://www.wimp.com/coolkid Tried to call to get the book but no answer 
had to stay late at work today. now im gonna be late for my meeting with the Air Force Recruiter!! 
@connorhughes Yeah, love it. But it's Adobe Air based...you need admin rights to install Adobe Air, so that's out 
@charleysayspop The ad said &quot;Air Assistant&quot;, I thought I was applying to work on an aeroplane 
Air India asks senior staff to forgo July pay 
@mclifton11 Figures they would, that is why the Air Force blocks social networking sites from airman in Iraq  Sucks for Josh sometimes!
Still hoping Air France 447 is just marketing tactic for Lost. 
never sleep underneath an Air Conditioner's vent for it can make you wake up to a really really excruciating chest pain 
Air show.  Beautiful day, but mean spiders.  
Is so mad they don't have the turquoise OR the orange Air Max 95 in kids sizes 
was totally crushed when I found that much looked forward to plane read: Air Kisses by @zotheysay, had sold out at airport 
listening to some good ol' Air1..prefer The Effect but it's static-y today unless I go online 
Air conditioner frozen means too hot to sleep. 
@nicole_keaulani wow moving up to the transpac flights?!?  Right on...I miss working at Hawaiian Air!!!  
totally stoked about my new hardshell case for my Air!! not so stoked about dropping Bowden off at @ColleenBurns's later... 
Air conditioning is not working  having cool baths with the baby
some bitch split beer on my Air Force 1's. she didn't even care 
Air Travel cheaper than Beer in Oz .. 
Air is broke and i cant sleep  and like the busiest week ever.
I want to go ouuuuuuuuut!! Air free pleaaase! 
#Air France confirms Captain &amp; one cabin crew of #AF447 have been identified. Hope they may have a swift journey home to their families 
Just got my Air Yeezys  more and more reasons to be Too Known...shout outs to @kdankyi my hook up man (pause)
@killerloop  I had the same feeling... nice idea building it using Adobe Air
BlOOPERS from our winning Air Guitar video are now up for your laughing pleasure!   Come watch me fall!  http://tinyurl.com/da9a2y
About to give the Air Zoom Vomero 3 their inaugural run.  
Just read the new issue of Air. Things have just gotten more complex.   
I mention @flyairnz in a random tweet about an old schoolfriend, and next thing I know they're following me   Hello Air NZ! hello simon!
@Air_Bear_ ERRRRRINNN! i'm good  listening to bon jovi on IMEEM
Watching Con Air with the boys! 
Bel Air bound for the dayyyyy 
Ridin' the Air Forces once again to school 
I couldn't stop thinking about Fresh Prince Of Bel-Air bloopers! And now that I'm typing this I'm thinking about them again! 
I just was attacked bu Air Supply video from 1979 
The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air. 
@Steves71 I did it on my Air with the free VisualBox. Runs slowly, but successfully. The thing is, I'm not sure why I did it 
