Most common words for this cluster:
[('all', 349), ('i', 27), ('quot', 21), ('today', 17), ('day', 16), ('amp', 14), ('time', 13), ('lol', 10), ('na', 10), ('work', 9), ('http', 9), ('way', 7)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'All', 0.9742114543914795), (u'all', 0.5864904522895813), (u'Most', 0.5618376135826111), (u'Those', 0.5274006724357605), (u'Lots', 0.5229611396789551), (u'None', 0.5157592296600342), (u'Four', 0.5155181288719177), (u'These', 0.5094001889228821), (u'Three', 0.5001777410507202), (u'Five', 0.49961942434310913)]





@ClaireRichard6 All of em???  
good mornin every1. All yall talked bout snow &amp; I dreamt it snowed here. lol  how disapptin when I just woke up. I have 2 go 2 work now. 
is wondering where  the Sundbergs are?  All of their phones are off.  
@JemiJemi What footwear is responsible? Converse All Stars shred my poor feet 
YAY! All the images are now uploaded. Now onto wiki markup 
Not for me  [[Satisfaction]: All topics for Twitter - Recently Created] http://bit.ly/9pzTC
@ErisDS They're all the same! All my moaning has been about 3 different banks! 
A couple of musical leads in the pipeline to follow up tonight. Since Panik Attakk died a prolonged death. All that work and no joy 
@HauteCowgirl You will forget soon, and it will be all the same next time LOL  All my batteries are dead, so much for taking product pics 
I'm mad. All I had to do was rewrite the method. wasted a late day 
Have to get some sleep eventually..have a funeral to go to tomorrow     maybe that is why I can't sleep... Peace All !
I don't Appreciate this Headache...At All 
Ahhhhhhhhhhhj!!!!!!! All ive had is sushi all day!!!!!!  And 1 bowl of total cereal!!!  and I'm drinking vod water
is about to have a movie night!!! YAY!!! All by myself 
Buster just growled at me.  All I'm doing is typing...He's trying to sleep. I swear he acts like a human...Minus the whole growling part.
Case in point: even though I took care to save, sumo lost all of my updates since the last time I logged in. All changes are just.. gone. 
@TorchwoodCF All the B &amp; B's here are about 150+ a night but they are all Gulf side.My fav B&amp;B Henderson Inn was blown away by hurricane 
@melancholygeek Hrmpf! All I can say to that. 
Bored, at my grandmals! All I want is my DREAM!!! Its seems like no matter what I do, everything is getting in the way of me succeeding. 
Library for the next three hours until my exam. All moved out of the dorm 
Just found that his car was broken into. All they took was the archos.  lucky they didn't take the stereo.
Jesus fuck! All the gay guys at the bar aree so hot.  its not fair
Omg. All of god came  but shinee only performed 2 songs.  i heard that there we're some issues between dsp and sm management 
@Spamotics Pizza for breakfast :O? All I had was cereal and a low fat yogurt 
@LaBelleMusik Hey Lele! LOL.  I saw part of you guys live show last nite.  You all are hilarious.  All the negative comments sucked tho. 
He is still not talking to me!!!  I can't believe this!!! All I want is to feel appreciated!!! Is that so hard????
Have not had an All Friends tweet for 50 minutes? Where have all my tweeters gone   ???
I hate ie !!! All my work looks like crap in it 
hrm may need to rethink using google docs to host the images for my blog.  All of my content won't load 
pasadena city FAIL. All trees on Colorado Blvd. have been taken down, to be replaced by palm trees! 
@AngySTHB And damn it, the All-American Rejects actually did go to Porky's...one of them posted a pic drinking from a fishbowl 
@TheComputerNerd I hate this thunderstorm.... I went to bed early before the storm came, my windows were open... All my clothes got wet  
Bloody hell, why can't anything be easy? All I wanted to do was buy a DVD for my friends birthday. I don't know why I bother 
Today the sun shines in the sky and all I can see are the walls of my room... All I can say is : damn school 
@jgirl70 Ah I used to live at Bundamba. All the derby teams are about an hour away from me in opposite directions it seems. 
Frost, in the end of May. I don't understand this. All of my plants are probably dead now. 
via @LindsayY93: Exhausted... All the seniors are gone now. 
My feet hurt so freakin bad!! All new shoes and I cannot wear one single pair 
@TheBathroomGirl All I get is random followers who do not seem to have any interest in me whatsoever and I just get email spam. 
@jusNate but its in your genes...! All men can open wine...! 
nursing The Mother Of All Hangovers 
@TheDigitalLife All i know is i should have purchased the sonic whistle - to stop the dog next door from barking 
Well. All depends then bcuz I'll be in pontiac n his gas is low  maybe someone will come pick us up! He he
Merewether won!!!  All i did was sit and cheer with my hurt ankle ow 
Awwww Chris.  He just said, &quot;All my real fans, I love y'all. I ain't a monster.&quot;
Post NINJA show coffee &amp; &quot;dinner&quot; at IHOP. All restarants are closed 
@VioletKanian Ouch   All four? ....hope ya feel better. 
Lebron in 7 gms, not the cavs, just lebron. What's 23 backwards? Triple double All daay! also hot tea would be nice,I ate too much dinner 
Wooo Tennessee! All our phones are dying though so if big foot gets us I can't take a picture and tweet about it 
@Emsy Your pic didn't show up for me  Boo!!!! All the other pics on that site show up, but not yours 
Please vote for my husband Jorge at the All Star Game @ http://bit.ly/TGxzu! I can't vote anymore 
@snuffleupagous I really wish I could convince Brandon to move somewhere like that. All he wants to do is move to Lexington. 
getting ready to go to IKEA. All alone cuz no one will go with me 
it makes me want to cry when 2 grown men discuss characters on All My Children. 
@wojo4hitz @marchingstars @winkiedinkie @erockett89 Now I feel left out...  All alone in AZ...lol
Drat. All my land boots died at once. I think of boots like parsley- one going to seed, the other first season. What to do now? 
Hi All!!  I have 2 daughters.. and my youngest turns 2 on Monday.. Where did the time go??  sniffle sniffle sob. sob.  
@Idiogenius and all the trucks on the other side were burned  No one was hurt though. All started with the gardeners!
@StatiK99 All the lightning storms are currently at my house. 
Mannnnnnnn.... All the hot chicks are leaving, don,t think i'm getting laid tonight 
Blah! All alone who wants to cuddle???  but that cal's life always alone!
It's Saturday morning and there is no BSG  Well, at least I can play All Along the Watchtower on repeat ? http://blip.fm/~7bawx
@James_Waters All right for some..... 
At work.  So tired. But! All my stuff is basically packed! YAY!!
@squaredeye YAAAARRRGH! All I've got all day is my iPhone. Totally gonna miss that deal. 
@squaredeye YAAAARRRGH! All I've got all day is my iPhone. Totally gonna miss that deal.  http://bit.ly/oWujQ
@spunkymoose I am jealous.  All the shows in my area were far away on week nights so i didn't get to see this show   have a blast!
My all-in-one virtual surround sound system (which I loved) died this morning - won't turn on. All the options to replace it r expensive 
Haha. All good. Yeah...good times. @_Dayta_: @liveguy ahhhh fckkkk  my bad homie! great times then man! really miss them days.
RAWR! Why would pictures disappear off my camera if I didn't delete them and no one else touched my camera? All my birthday pics are gone 
Lost my ' All Means All' button!  *cries*
#bgt or Stravros Flatley. All singers can pretty much sod off to X-Factor. But I suspect a singer will win 
I'm starting to think all the people I follow who live in Houston, don't have tattoos. Hmmm. All these artists and muscians with no tats. 
Today: My bank told me I have fraud charges on my acct. All $ is gone. Zero balance, my card had to be closed. Annoyed comes to mind. 
MAAAAN!!!! All I want is for the lakers to lose now! Wishd the CAVS were in! 
Hello All. It's 3pm and all I've done is lay on the couch and watch TV and sleep (about 20hrs worth) and I'm still tired 
Almost broke my knee playing air soft earlier. OUCH. All my friends are gonna be gone this week. I feel so left out. Borderline much? 
@bobXcore Lucky! All floor tickets for TOOL are sold out  I've seen them twice already so I guess I can deal with it lol
@YoungLexHolla yea I remember and probley won't forget ever cuz I bet 20 on P and Lost All Of It 
im going to go off this for a while maby then i wil feel better  LoveYou All &quot;Peaceeee&quot; [; x   x
WTF. All my sites were down at 4am and they're still down now, eight and a half hours later. 
@ScarlettQ  All you can do now is hope he caught the clap from whatever whore wrongly persuaded him that you aren't awesome.
@Romeytang we forgive you. All yer songs were playing this weekend. 
@KellyShibari All this fun without me!!!!   LOL... enjoy! Send us a sample!!!
@taylorswift13 I have to wait till 10pm to watch Dateline.  All b/c I'm on the west coast.
Nah i know i brought it homee cuz i took it outta my car! All i wanted was to listen to pranoid 
@KezzieN All summer i'm gonna do NOTHING.Although I said i want a summer job.And i'll get one.Hate to stay home and not doing nothing 
OWW! woz standing on a chair and well i fell.... and hit my knee and cut myself  All my dad asked was if i had broke anything!
Feeling  blue. Really blue. All the way blue. 
I'm so disappointed that dinner turned out to be just me and Grumpy won't be here to eat at all.  All my grilling in vain.  
@Yungmarvingaye  MaYbE NeXt TiMe, We HaVe All SuMMa
@NEEFFRESH All good. Im still in tip-top shape lol. Just lost a bit of muscle  When do i get to challenge you one-on-one bball
George Tiller killed  If All PRO LIFERS would actually adopt and not just preach about it non-stop, nobody would need an abortion!
I 'ave an 'eadache. All day! 
@ThuWhiteRabbitt   All these poor puppies need homes.  Why not get a pound doggy
I have no cable.  All this talk of #MTVMovieAwards is making me mad. 
Looks like i may not be attending the Microsoft Press Briefing after all. My All Access pass may not cover the lack of formal invitation. 
@MsPonita No, no, no. 1) All shops closed here, can't buy stuff. 2) Even I can't eat a whole trifle. 3) Others have filled fridge. 
@TweetDeck unfollowed and blocked ppl are showing in my &quot;All Friends&quot; 
I'm scared for Sam going to Lewis Girls. All the girls are going to eye him up.  Keep an eye on him plz @nathstokes xx
@ddockett  awww I miss my grandfather 2.... All the time! He is there with u in spirit watching over u!
@jgboghos Yeah that'd be nice. I feel like I'm eating barely anything at all! All I can snack on is celery and carrots.. 
I found out my youth centre's been broken into. All 4 macs recording equipment &amp; HDTV gone :o 
At the longhorn pro-am sitting on Number 2... All alone 
Watching Blackadder. All the best programmes were ages ago. 
@ZenLenton All over unfortunately. Winning entries were a bit more 'foodie' than ours I think so maybe wouldn't have made a difference 
Finally got into bed. Moving around like i did after my op Haha. All because of this bloomin sunburn 
Going to Joshuas. All we do is watch movies...  I rely on you to entertain me!
&quot;Reply All&quot; is a dangerous feature on email..... 
http://twitpic.com/6fc70 - @Jess_Wolf I finished! All of my pictures look better in person, I noticed. So sorry. 
@EilidhMaxwell All I done was walk home and now I have a big blisters on the soles my feet 
@am13er LOL! All I wanted to see the film for was the attack. Now I've seen it......... No I'll still watch it but yeah. My bb's wig tho 
Booo!  I think I already picked all of the rye chips out of my Chex Mix.  (All six of 'em.)  
no Pirate  ferry hit their boat. All ok, but wrecking my evening.
Actually teary from how much positive feedback happened today. Guys  Someone wishes I were their sister. All classes should end like this.
@belfair_rocks there u r! Love you. All better w/stupid boss stuff now?? 
Why is the 'Mark All As Read' button, in #NetNewsWire, on the right. So far away from where my mouse most of the time is. 
@AJoyfulMom Yes  All my kids have Webkinz and cannot play during our daytime in Japan.
:O CRAP!!! I missed out on All Saints  better record b4 mum changes the channel!
Morning ppl. Just got to work and I'm already about to go on site. All that walking on uneven sand/dirt is gonna jack my feet up... 
My dolphin necklace bursted in my face when i was putting it on. All the beads fell in my shirt and now im trying to take them out 
Nagle: So that's what could be happening here. To answer @RRowat's question &quot;Is he done?&quot; I say yes. He'll be gone by the All-Star break. 
not sure what to do with the dead squirrel I found in my driveway. All I have is a rake. 
@Vixster25 sadly no to both   All my money this month is accounted for - cant afford a hotel
I know I'm old.  All the songs from the 80's are being used in commercials.. 
@iamblogoratti so beautiful! All the best 2d family! Babytalk makes me wanna just go hav one And! A pregnant woman just passed me 
I just can't seem to get motivated today. All i want to do i sleep! I blame the Cambridgeshire Cloud! 
there was a whole stack of cheese how did they manage 2 eat it all?? All I want is a damn sandwhich! Mayb I'll take a chance at mcdonalds 
I knew it was to good to be true. All trains out of st pancras are delayed with no explanation. 
@MickyFin All is well buddy. Just very busy yesterday. No new news on the 97 yet 
I don't know Jo.  All I know is that there is a shortage of bees and that might be catastrophic . .. and I did not kill this one 
On keychain, lost: key, flashdrive, &amp; gay pride tag!!! Ugh. All I want are the key and pride tag! 
@benjaminellison I'm out. Have an All Hands at the Shilo from 11:30-4:30 
Replacement ordered. All is well. It's not hot as balls atm either. Gym time! I had Thai last night 
@TeresaDeMelo Yes. All the time. The most important one! 
Phone will die soon  good no of folks out searching. All pretty shifty looking. I no find yet.
@Lovecedes they asked me what started it, were they in a relationship, how long has it been like this. All kinda ish  I can't believe
@lelandstrott @lelandstrott I'm jeaalous!! All I have is tequila 
Sooo tired! All i want to do is go to sleep - five hours more till i can possibly hit the sack 
Up early. Wicked storm just whipped through. All's well but now it's almost time to get up 
today plays The All American Rejects in Bochum  ahh no it's sold out too! 
hubby has weekend duty  All alone at the house gonna read and scrapbook all weekend!! I miss him 
@Jonasbrothers Your Youtube Account! has been deleted  NOoooooo!! All your videos have been deleted as well!!
@AAmyHaanson I'd have to get one from Walmart. All the good deals on the internet aren't on prepaid. 
@ashcray saaaave me! All I'm asking for is a bath &amp; and target 
@mishacollins Oh no! All evening? That is a lot of bad hats to stand? sit? through. Poor you  I hope the agonies end soon.
I truly can't believe what happened today. All I can say, at this point, I am out the game... 
Soooo ready to come home. I miss my dogs. All my shoes, clothes,makeup,pc,phone(went over my mins on my cell)  I miss mah home!
Near death smh.! soooo S i C K  head hurts allergies acting up its All bad.!
@Ramenth All you have to do is ask &quot;Do you have any leftover preorder goodies?&quot; they used to pile me with stuff, but then they stopped 
@beybey18 Sorry.  All along, I really thought I'll stay. Obviously, that's not what happened. I miss you - all of you. :|
@ElzBelz01 Have just been perving on your 'following'. xD All the Twilightpeople are fakes, bb 
@tinytim2701 Hey. All good thanks, U?     Yepp thats wat i mean  xx
Why do my dogs fall ill?  All the more when I have exams? 
My removeable harddrive has stopped working  All my series, music and data gone, Gone, GONE!
@MamaBee4 All good here now. Woke up early because I couldn't feel my legs.  Fell asleep on the toilet. 
Desperately wants Muse tickets for Novemeber  All sold out! GAWWWD!
Why is my macbook so slow? All I do is surf the web, nothing hard! Is it the latest OS patch? Or that I'm past my three year date? boo 
Should I break the blister on my foot? All that walking yesterday 
@Luvschweetheart Gnats are bigger &amp; are outside.  All over.  Everywhere. &amp; I'm tired of having them fly up my nose!  
Mannnnnnnn I can't apply for the Apprentice  All the Interviews are while I'm in China 
Taste of Hawaii crowds have drunk us dry... All 4 kegs gone by 2pm.  
So I'm Pretty Much Burnt All Over 
Just caught Zoltan attacking my high school prom corsage @_chriskelley gave me. All the rose petals are gone 
Afternoon All, how is everyone doing today? Its raining here and thundering 
Contacts didn't arrive today... Neither did my guitar... All in all I'm sad/pissed 
Bad day at work...huge literature search+ejournals playing up (which is NOT my fault!). All I want to do is watch cycling 
Up early and ready for a bike ride into Seaside. All the boys are still asleep. I hate being the only early riser in my house.  #fb
@heebyjeebys I fell asleep  terrible thing LOL! All better now, albeit after a lot of clicking
@PatriceLarue I can't believe Liz would do that!  All work and no play 
Long day at work and another coming tomorrow.  I never thought I would say this but I miss my 6-3's  All other 8 houir shifts suck!!
@ReeseyAnn All your tweets come to me no matter who they're to. lol. i kinda feel like i'm missing out.    lol
@FranAspiemom All my doc does is pump me full of pills too. It sucks. 
@LagoonBand (((( All the Lagoon links are cross-offs 
@youcantparkhere Man i'm jealous! All my shirts are still on backorder 
The bad part of getting unsick is my sleep schedule is always thrown off. All the extra sleep to get better makes me not sleepy later. 
Huge wreck 101 north at Lankershim. All lanes blocked.... Looks nasty. 
@jinnpod Yeap. ~All~ gone.  
so embarrassing to send an email reply to the whole division - all thanks to the Reply All button 
Swine-Scandal is still at large  All my love to people who have contracted it xx
@Bluenscottish there were 3 truckstops that I knew of used to have haggis on their menu. All closed or part of big chains now 
Feet/legs are much less sore after today's training than yesterday - I think it was my boots  All talked out though my throat needs a rest
finally saw and tried the Nk N97. All I can say. DROOL. works like the 5800, only better. but but but.. i already have my blackberry.. 
Sat in green infront of HSBC tower in the wharf munching my lunch. All too soon, however, the desk will call me back our of the sunshine 
Waiting for the monsoon clouds  No rains ..water shortage in Mumbai.. All lakes dry.
@BrennaCeDria All the pictures of your kitties make me miss mine back in Oregon   I want my own kitty so bad but roommates don't agree.
It's hard when things just don't go your way. All I want to do is watch movies all day and stuff my face with the worst food possible. 
Our business banker just said I was mean   All I was doing was complaining about the fees they charge us to hold all of our money!!
working on my All About Me speech... ugh. 
@Karadiak All I do is read now! Ohio is no fun 
@RAZNKN All the traveling/crowds/odd eating and sleeping schedule caught up with me to. *blows nose* 
@MissCusano All of these food pictures you're posting are making me so hungry. All I have is pop tarts 
I need a haircut so bad. All of my stylists are too far! 
Being sick is making me fat..... All I've done today is sit in my couch and/or eat... 
@sourapple94 haha never seen it. All I really watch is sports n the news. I was gonna watch the CMT awards but I don't get cmt 
@RICHYUNGAMERICA All that managing and somehow u still managed 2 forget little ol Rocky 
Bloomington All-Stars got whooped t0day, Calhoun's got a really good team. Aww, but i'm sad for Cory, he's gonna get it when he gets home 
@Amayzun All my bedroom stuff is for a master.I'm sure it won't fit in my new room.  That's depressing since that's where I hang out most.
@missorian I hear you! All I want to do right now is eat...and eat...and eat...and it's all junk I want. 
YAY All american rejects are coming to Oz and BOOOOOOOO because they aren't coming to newie  i don't think i can go ......*Crys*
@Magnetoboldtoo All this shows is that somebody posted it somewhere on Facebook, not who or where  sorry
So I'm hearing somewhere around 11~12 central for OS 3.0. All I know is, I have to wait til after work to do it.  #squarespace
@sisik Oooh! Errands! All the fun of work, with none of the pay 
has work today. All alone 
@UltraNurd All of which apply to us - we're basically textbook definition - so here's hoping. 
A LOT 4 test in 5 five, I think I'm crazy!! All this sucks. And I lost Adams 
Shopping with a GF... All I can think..there goes a putter, a shaft, a driver, balls, irons , wedge. 
Note to self: stop listening to the All American Rejects before bed! Gives You Hell will be in my head all day tomorrow 
@ddlovato I remember that painting when I went to Europe. All my pictures got deleted 
Cutie you my everything. All i ever wanted. We could do it real big bigger then you ever done it. 
Very irritated at the lack of my phone ringing when @zatetic1 called me. All I got was the notification that I had a new voicemail. 
gmail removed the Reply All lab  One of my favorites - http://bit.ly/17A5oH #gmail #fail
@mathiel You were defensive. All I said was 'holy hell'. 
Ugh, the air conditioner in my office is broken today. All the other offices are fine. But it's 85 degrees in mine. 
Watching First Class All The Way on AXN.Noted tht a woman should have serious jewelry &amp; serious designer bag at least 1 in her life.I dnt 
Aaaahhhh! I just deleted all my songs on iTunes! All of them were purchesed off there! 
@Nickyyy92 All spaces taken in Sheffield 
@introversimonDu All sold out, and I can only afford one ticket and have no one to go with 
@introversimonDu  All sold out. Ebay have some but I can only afford one standing ticket and have no one to go with 
@overtimeagain I am beginning to think that men are overlooked  when it comes to BLOATING. All adverts seem to be geared to the females 
Damn it, I can't find my HfH dogtag necklace, either!  All those times when I said I would clean...I should've actually done it.
@lil_shawn lmao at @bobbyfresh09 All you talk about is grinding. Still waiting on my tank 
A lady just gave me a &quot;recipe&quot; for a DIY facial.  All the directions were in Chinese?  
@Cheaty  when will btrendie be available in Canada.All it does now is break my heart. 
Bored  All the good websites r blocked at school :S
Damn!!! All these sales &amp; I can't take advantage 
@Nikaz All of tomorrow will be played by ear. Don't want to promise anything right now, other than I want the day to pass quickly! 
is calling it a day. Ready to see my love  Not liking being without him this long. All this worry is starting to get to me.
@Tamori_80 *sigh* can you tell I am tired? try taking the third L off of All 
Event Search on ABC: SA, All Region, All Categories, Family, In the Future.... No results could be found to match your criteria. 
@mameekins yeah prob. Stupid brain! Its really lonely without her around! All my days just blur into one 
Turns out the girl I have a crush on has a boyfriend.  Darn it!  All worked up for nothing 
@daveg38 9 years old! All the other kids were doing the same thing and he was the only one to get d.q'd!! 
Anyone know where I can find a list good campsites that don't cost the earth? All the sites I find have nil information 
@dougrdotnet I just open Adium after some days.. Still says &quot;Connecting&quot; on Y!  All other connections established.
@Katreeeena All goooooooood! I dont think im gonna go now anyways   You're moving!! Where!?
@space_girl and @Anto0o have both left me... All by myself, dont wanna be all by myself ANYMORE!! 
@MissPressa All good movies except Pineapple Express which I thought was a real let down. I wish I was hungover 
@gimmeapuck HAHA I'm still laughing at that. All up on my FLORIDA. Retarede. I know he does.  I should go knock some sense into him!
Nothing much came from these storms.  Blah!  All hype yet again.  I am such a fool, and an idiot.   I hate it.
Wish I wasn't alone at Dandee Donuts. All that's in this place is couples I'm the only solo person at the bar 
Watching the All Blacks is stressful!  Glad we won, but a trophy would have been nice 
Up early as hell .... All this shit has got me really thinking. Keeping me up all night and waking me up @ 7 tossing and turning. 
Knackered. Feet sore from standing on them All afternoon 
In bed, sick...All day 
Going to the All-Star game at HPS...Still in search of my bags from camp  ...I want to go running...
@Shoutermom2 Pey totally got jacked for the Top All-American  The girl that won had a full so low she almost hit her head...and NO hyper
@KayesSEA All MDA camps were cancelled nation wide due to an outbreak at 3 camps this year -- kids are more susceptible  I'm sad!
I have more mosquito bites on my ass than you can imagine. All through my shorts and a mesh lawn chair! How bloody rude of them... 
@AM_T57 All I see is &quot;float:right;&quot; and &quot;display: none;&quot; -- I feel like I'm being suffocated by em figures. 
@njosey17 how could i be ready? All i do is sleep and eat and watch two and a half men 
I'm definitely going sober for a little while after this. All of me hurts and I wasn't even that drunk! 
@benmontague you know all the tricks of the trade my friend. I'm too lazy to be sneaky. All my car bills ate my savings. Only credit left 
Fighting for more resources for my project. All of a sudden, my team members got allocated for different projects 
@lcscottage Lucky you. All my Rhubard died when hubby moved it. It was huge too, now I get none.  Was looking forward to pie
Charlie &amp; Serena are busy meeting the All Blacks today, so unfortunately their live chat will happen next week 
I have just counted 93 UNCREDITED pictures in today's Evening Standard. Shame on you. All staffers &amp; commissions seem to be credited 
The game started me off as a newborn girl in India. By age 6 I've already had the measles and now have epilepsy. All with no health care. 
@SKIndyColtsFan All dam 3, Sharky spoke of Spoilt-T 
@SondreB @henriksen All this because of no config option for nat loopback @altibox! 
@DonnieWahlberg I want my FACETIME!!! All this talk of rules and I can't even get a twug  xoxo
Arse n Feck! All I want is to sleep 
How come nobody told me I misspelled Grandpa in my username? All kinds of embarrassed here 
is wondering why do it feel so good to be in your arms? Why do i feel this way about you?? All we need is to be friends and call it a day 
@RingThings Oh God, if only I had his talent. All the weight of self doubt descending upon me. 
@hypnodan hi, yeah boyfriend works in a pub so doesn't get back til late!! All is well except being unemployed  hope things are well wiv u
Sorry to all my followers. All I have written for the past day has been crap about how kool me and @Jessicaaxo  are. I'll stop it  sorry
Outlook 2007/2010 : All web standards are equal but some are more equal than others.  
Dang it. All the hotels I've been has really soft beds. It makes my back hurt 
Just saw an All Pro Sound truck and it made me go 
@STYLEMOM All the items I loved were already sold out!! I hate when that happens 
Thought about straightening my hair but I'd be wasting my time. All this moisture is just gonna curl it again once I take the iron off. 
Has Just Finished Watching All Supermac18 Videos 
@MissxMarisa Yess same here. I sleep from around 3am till 10am I call that my nap. All I need for a days enegry 
@BoomBoxBindery All I have to say about studio setup is that I'd die without my flat files. Designed my whole studio around them. 
@thai101 Beat you buddy - I'm 70% geek. All hail Han shooting first! 
@the_megan_fox im raising my hand! All my other friends are either not on twitter, or just don't have exciting lives!!! you guys do 
@JoyVBehar &lt;--This is the real Joy Behar!   All others are fakes.   We red headed Italians know the real thing when we see it 
@MissMoofy All we need is DEATHBUS and everything will be perfect 
@Ownsmoke All time favorite of mine 
@Billy3G All the cool people were #herebeforeoprah 
@Laurentiius All purpose, Gold Medal sifted flour.  Like I said, basic.  
@rowiro Yes I loved the quote as well.  All the best 2 you too. 
@Reema226 Hehe.. All the best  Most girls I know happen to watch a lot of cricket.. some even watch football 
@SoyC  All is fine now. No more repeat text messages. 
Sweet mother of all surprises, he is here! HE IS HERE! HEEEE IIISSSSS HEEEEREEEE!!!  All of you: extend a most royal welcome to @gomesrui 
@Dutchrudder All good  headache nearly gone loved the pic of ur little one cleaning the windows! What's it like in notts today?
Had my bath. All clean and smelling pretty 
@Franco1985 All followers are welcome - although I often have very little to say 
@Naina All the best for your new venture! 
I have changed my user name to my shop name. thevintagediva is now ImSoVintage. All a part of branding 
This One Goes Out To All The Twilight Fans  &lt;3 ? http://blip.fm/~5f64l
@CatRocketship Ball and chain?  Shrew?  Partner?  Governor?  All of these apply to you 
Omg! 6-2! All i can say is omg! 
@Mark314 All the better to see me when I flip 'em off. 
@ATTechFX All is well for the super-rich who can afford to buy up companies at pennies on the dollar. Maybe that's what they meant? 
Ahhhh - All freshly shaven (shaved? shorn?)  http://tinyurl.com/cxw3lj
my to-do list :- EatLunch, HaveANap , StudyBiology, GrabASnack, UpdateMyTwitter, Wish You All GoodNight, GoDream, WakeupTheNextDay 
@faith58 Morning! All I have 2 do is look outside &amp; see ur hours of &quot;availability&quot;.  I'll never have 2 wonder wht ur doing!  Go get 'em!
Listening to Swing Swing by the All-American Rejects. 
@imtrishthedish http://twitpic.com/4j1ix - Nope! All clear! Good to go! 
@MirandaBuzz Yeah All the Same is a good song. I'm glad you liked the movie. 
In bed. A cuppa. Tv on... All this while husband is cooking... Life is sweet... 
Listening to Metal Shop at Mooneys!! All is good 
Watched Adaptation, Interiors, and The Women (1939). All in all, good movie night. Breakfast with dad and kelley in the morning 
@KellyShibari @AmberCadabra @Mollena All this flirting going on - The ATG smiles. Yay.  ((hugs))
@michaelmeloni Yes! Join us! All we require is a cupcake donation... 
Afternnon All 
Wow. All of those words were cognates. 
@JustJaap Wow. All of those words were cognates. 
@richard_bell VK's also pure evil to your insides! All that sugar and E numbers! I recommend Corona, nice &amp; light, a personal favourite 
@jwjohn @joshuagomez3 You are so kind. Thank you for your support! All went well today! 
I'm on!  I'm loving The All-American Rejects!!
@KrisAllenmusic Congrats!  All of us who voted over 600+ times from dialidol.com software might have made a difference.  Hope you win!  
@sudhir_zutshi &quot;Twitsnaps&quot; does it have the storage capacity, else it willl crash  All the photo data &amp; time of tweeples will go waste.
@Lactose All the luck i can wish you, winging its way mate 
@she_bakura Mamak? All pretty standard lah.  And yes, new pic!
@JoeGigantino All my days are perfect, thanks. Perfect, whatever they are. I tend to go all they way. 
#WhyITweet Psst... you.. ya you... i've got tweet. All your friends are doing it  www.acrumb.com
@SpinsVixenella All went great! Thanks!!! Adoption lady says the Kelly abode is in tip-top shape  Last step, in front of judge 
@SimpleBeauty Yaaay!  All those movies that end with the main character being liked for who they are not who they tried to be-- I finally
@JulieAdore All guys from Norway are hot 
Phew!...All that for one rock! But me totally luvin it! 
@twinsquirrel  ...not at the same time, of course. I really was happy. All thanks to Ribena, too.  
@Coriantura All interesting ideas, but I wonder how testable any of them are. 
@KhuramMalik All the best for you too my friend  my personal blog's at http://maynaseric.com haha thanks. welcome to Singapore anytime! 
So far, in between running errands, I have taken 2 naps today! Crazy. All that fun in Baltimore yesterday was too much, I guess. 
OMG!!All the new girlies following me are such cuties!!! 
@Buxtonband : &quot;All we need to do is get that track played in clubs and you guys are set!&quot; 
#FOTB Woo! All booked up for the iphone workshop and the conference. 
@ApothecaryJeri All kids are fine musicians ~one son proff http://bit.ly/QQ61l hoping my boys get into that too! 
Good Morining All 
Just back from a full days work writing the Christmas play! Seriously! All done, man are we organized 
@BengaluruHuDuGa All the best man - let us know when the baby arrives 
@weromemuero No weramemuera, no! Peyo is a businessman, i touch my balls.. All day 
@Storm_Crow All the better for your presence  Gods I think I'm in a good mood but it's still morning how is this possible!
@kaylaSTACK All We Know is awesome. I put that one on in the car in the morning sometimes to wake me up. 
@daniellesng Thanks  How were your finals? All of them done? Or is there still much goin on in school?
@TVFanUK All these nice comments, you'll give me a big head 
I heart my #24 All-Star!! 
@RyanFarley All of these things are on the way. 
@MateoAmarei Hmph, even though you should still be on punishment. @someoneAmaziing All is well my love, You? @dphresh HEY my son! 
@brrbach Writing and setting up interviews for the station and The Prince of All Media.  I love it 
Planning next week's trip to Miami. All business, no fun...well, maybe a little fun. 
@ryanlack And how are you feeling NOW? All better after the tweetup?  I'm going to sleep now. Nigth. #140t
Overslept, ran out of hair wax, but I'm still happy  Morning All!
it's for the All Children's telethon, so there IS a reason. 
