Most common words for this cluster:
[('alone', 330), ('home', 57), ('night', 17), ('im', 13), ('house', 12), ('amp', 12), ('one', 9), ('lol', 9), ('apartment', 7), ('time', 7), ('leave', 6), ('someone', 6)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'alone', 0.9169371128082275), (u'annie##_leave_lindsay', 0.662100613117218), (u'just', 0.5739266872406006), (u'ours_Sanville', 0.5555464625358582), (u'Players_Gone_Amok', 0.5407959222793579), (u'assigning_tiring', 0.5286524295806885), (u'Leave_Dudus', 0.5275064706802368), (u'partner_Patricia_Bruchalski', 0.5265212059020996), (u'overweight_Mindell', 0.524605929851532), (u'E_mail_heyjen@phillynews.com', 0.5244205594062805)]





I hate being away from her... I cant sleep alone anymore 
waiting for my wifey to get out of work im home alone 
another night alone.. 
Missing my hubby, home alone 
my home alone experience has officially been ruined 
Maybe surrounded by a million people I still feel all alone, and I wanna go home 
all alone in my cube 
@kevinbaby can I come over? I'm all alone. 
It's my fucking berfday. All alone. 
@swarleyyy, you bitch! now i'm gonna have to watch the entire season alone, which was totally not the point in buying it 
waiting on MadTv to come on... When everyone goes to sleep and your alone on the comp makes you feel lonely  !
Watching tv at home all alone 
Chillaxin...wanna sleep...  But i hate sleepin alone. 
watching some tv alone 
Thinks her boyfriend should not go to football today &amp; leave her all alone 
Where is everyone? I feel all alone on twitter 
 my mom just left now I gotta stay in this house all alone grr
At the gym...alone 
bogor . not really cold . bored . alone . need friends . hungry 
another night all alone, and it's really spooky 
@DenzelBurks im listenin to luther vandross! im scared im home alone  i hate bein alone at night
@HarlemSocialite im goin home alone too 
S0000000OOOOOOooooooo..... every1 died?! : ..( im all alone! 
@mad_swagg I'll be romancing myself I guess. I'm all alone  lol
Sitting at home all alone    just practised some soccer juggling
I hate bein home alone 
I am not enjoying the fact that I have to spend my night home alone... 
So I really hate sleeping alone. Its lonely 
Finally crashed from those energy drinks and no sleep all week... Now to the mall alone 
Target shopping al alone 
sitting at my apartment alone  how come no one wants to hang out with me?
At the apartment....alone....again 
i may or may not go to a show alone tomorrow cause my friends are all employed... @jujuuuu i'm lonely too   calllllmeeee
I'm here in the house...all alone...by myself 
Up.... alone.... 
shan , leave my squirting eye alone 
FUUUUUCK......i hate drivin home alone drunk......its da only time i think of u.....  
im home alone again . 
I'm getting chinese food all alone 
 i'm all alone on twitter!!
@JeremiahJJacks omg I freaked out  scared me I was at mom's alone and the house felt like it was going to fall down on me!
@jairodriguez sleeping alone does suck 
might go see some films this week alone 
all alone lonely, I'm so lonely 
Everyone in the house left me, and now i'm all alone 
@sokendrakouture yea alone 
i sware im doing this alone  other then help from @paigeebaby #bradiewebb #bradiewebb #bradiewebb #bradiewebb #bradiewebb #bradiewebb
@robbiehudson I am very well except that I am all alone this weekend  But I'll live ;-)
@SarahKSilverman I always feel sad when I see old people eating alone 
@china__cat I'm all alone in the office, and I have nothing to eat over here. 
in media techh all alone again!  inche dora &amp;&amp; mark
im all alone now.  goddamn i hate being the last one to leave.
sitting on a chair in my class. alone. 
i miss them ahreadyy. im all alone in my apartment. myy last night here. it sukks without them yappin it up n makin me laugh. nawimsayyn! 
going for a beer.......alone 
@turnipstyle  Your sleeping all alone?   
@DrizzleJones stfu I choked leeme alone 
a million legger bug is haunting me  i'm going crazy all alone!
its my burfday and i'm all alone 
if i wasnt workin in 5 hours id be gettin ratarsed to the point where i couldnt even see let alone stand up...THAT is how shit i feel 
Listening 2 music @ home all alone lol  who wants 2 come over &amp; hang with me LOL!!
all alone for the weekend! 
All alone at home..... 
I hate drivin alone... No one to talk to 
drinking a beer in bed. alone 
All alone at home 
had an unpleasant past 20 hours hiding in the dark under blankets in bed... alone. 
waiting for majie to get home cause I'm all alone. 
home drinking bored alone 
crawling into bed alone. I should be cuddling with him 
am now twittering in bed, all alone  where is every1? I lov my banana pillow
@bryodos Not in 3D unfortunately  but the storyline alone is amazing enough, I'm planning on seeing it a 2nd time though, in 3Dness =]
@BellaMason1901 im all alone now 
at natalies house all alone  text me
http://twitpic.com/69b5s - all alone on my smoke break 
@lanafromoz awww, shut down  there goes the home alone fun
Watching Almost Famous... alone. 
I sit at the computer and I'm all alone at home suche 
I sit at the computer and I'm all alone at home 
at the hotel all all alone  .. the nanny just left!
all alone and i hear thunder... someone come save me ... 
sittin at home all alone! wow... this is werid 
All alone again!  jk  YAAY
sadly i had to shower all alone 
sitting by the fire.....all alone. 
Laying in bed reading.. All alone 
i am the only one in the house sleeping alone. boo 
i swear i love being in my bed but i hae being in my bed alone  box needs love 2
i love cuddles. so much. driving home and crawling into bed alone is such a downer. 
Getting up alone again  weather is beautyfull 
The lights out  and im all alone at home, my sister just left me somewhere..
@mizzrayo lol. We just out them in a cab now. So they ar off and I'm all alone again 
someone come to the presets with me. . .so far im all alone 
I've never spent a night alone in this apartment, now I have to spend three 
is going to the mall. . . alone 
@sleep23rd leave mickey alone! *sings* how could u be soo heartlesss 
not excited about spending the night alone...  
@brittanyz im alone too! 
Shiiit I'm all alone, I have to do 
who wants to have a sleepover w. me? i'm in unit2wada, all alone ! 
Laying in bed at home all alone  Not really sleepy, but I know that I have to get up early!!!
anyone on? I'm all alone 
@alipaly I'm sorry. It's hard being alone sometimes. I'll be crying myself to sleep in A few moments.  but you aren't alone. Not totally
Spending the night alone  I miss my baby!
Having a pizza alone never tastes good. 
About to unload 7000 pounds of crap off the truck alone....pray for me 
im out in my garden... alone 
Eating all alone at mcdonalds..im not loving it! 
fudge is driving me mental! she won't leave my feet alone 
watching the dark night... alone 
@adangross   It's pretty fabulous. I'll forever pick this record up for a $1 when I can - for the poster alone.
@williechan tts nice. and i hafta lunch alone cos everyone's out 
Trying to sleep... All alone  thinking &amp; missing him like crazy
In bed alone...yet again  I need a new someone to sleep with
@mz_kandy09  leave my baby alone
awww helen has buggered of to rehearsals, i am all alone  ahaaa but i have chocolate 
watchn tom &amp; jerry eatn popcorn home alone 
all alone from 3-5 again....let the games begin!!! 
But because my sister's didn't wanna come with me earlier, they took off to the movies now, leaving me bored and all alone 
Morning world! I have a lonely day ahead of me. Just me in the @EcoSearch office all alone 
sleeping all alone 
having food alone is perhaps amongst the saddest things in life. had my lunch alone for the third day in a row 
feels like eating dim sum but i am all alone cant finish all 
odd, that an acquitance is finally saying 'i do' and i suddenly feel so incomplete... alone even 
have fun there. no need to worry about me, i'm going to be fine. you know, at home. with no one. alone. doing nothing 
having lunch , eating some mexican chiken hmmmm !! alone 
shortly out of reach ... take a shower! alone!!! 
Headed to bed...good night people. I miss teddi...poor pup all alone at the vet's. 
misses my twin, i had to deal with the ex alone today 
@ThatGreenGent also, i'd have to walk or drive myself, because i'm all alone here with my sister and hannah montaha 
@Cdotstreetz leave my koolaid alone 
I'm sat in bed alone with amy and I want him to come upstairs 
SUMMER! no so fun when im home....alone... 
@breegladd i love you more babycakes. even though you and lindsay both have boyfriends now, so i'm the stupid single one! all alone 4evaz 
@geoffthedit you should have come over lol. I'm like dieingggg, I'm all alone 
blehhh home alone with nothing to do 
@maryloulizeth laying in bed alone 
@BluesDrive i'll be up, but unforch, i'll be le alone. no partay. 
i hate the paps so much  jfc leave adam alone
I never liked sleeping alone when it rained 
@tylerdoesdrugs all alone? 
watchin 'busty models'..all alone 
Wishing I was sleeping with chicken and chicken jr instead of being all alone 
It sucks having a empty home  I'm all alone.
Yet another night spent alone 
hate sleeping alone 
house sitting. alone. cold. rainy. wish there's someone i could cuddle with... 
what a crap night.... home alone 
I'm all alone here 
missing my dear amandafriends  all alone fixing my portfolio.. epic loneliness.
sitting home all alone waiting for the bf to get back 
is watching a horror in her room ..alone :| i need someone to snuggle down the covers with if bits get scarrreweee 
i feel left out, all i did was eat and convrstations started without me! im all alone in the worlkd now 
@nkaddict she's having a panic attack  getting all stressed out  about it  so if they tour I'm doing m&amp;g and all alone !  
bored like fuck home alone on a saterdaynight 
@deejsylvis i would if i could!!! i'm all alone at the apartment again tonight 
to end already.  I can't do this alone.  You taught me to believe in you that you will never leave me. 
boo. home all alone! 
Watching the titanic, babysitting, alone, and no one to talk to 
@evonrosa no she left me; just dropped off some things to take home and I have so much to pack all alone 
At least I'm not the only one in the theater alone.....course I'm sure those people are just holding seats 
@j_bumbs i wish you could too   it's not the same watchin em alone.
Oh all alone now 
@musikhoodtheory come cuddle with me! I'm allll alone!  lmao
i cant enjoy being alone up late anymore :/ my brothers home 
@FluffyDiva1 not all da fam I'm home bored bitch     @JusTo920 I woke hungry &amp; alone like an abandoned child lol
Boyfriend just left, now im all alone  , guess ill go to bed and make it a somewhat early night.
shoulda just went to maikobe to eat!  home from a party sober, alone, and bored
I need somebody to talk to! I'm all alone! 
01.00 pm in italy 'n' i'm all alone here on twitter! 
all alone now, 
no  all alone, no luv for the evil ?conley?
@ohsojelly &amp; I'm imaging how he looks like,sitting all alone outside!  Aww..I want to hug him!
@ ashchili you should both stay cuz my little sisters are out of town and i'm all alone 
Having lunch all alone 
@metricjulie You're all alone right now aren't you? 
Its raining its pouring! BORINGGGG and even more I'm staying at my house alone 
Feeling a bit alone and still needs that cuddle... 
I think i'm going to die old alone and with cats 
@toddlevin leave michael cera alone! 
I HATE staying in this damn house alone........ 
i'm all alone because @smt9010 left me... 
i'm all alone because @smt90210 left me... 
@towiforeal Lol in kettering  all alone...
I really hate sleeping alone 
All alone in the office....got lots to do...but its so damn quiet in here 
Watching 'saw ii' alone in my living room 
fuccccckkk watching movies like this alone is really not a good idea 
I'm all alone now  it's party time
I survived the harmony fair, but slept alone in my tent both nights 
#SQUARESPACE....left the doggy home alone  
not much, man at work, 12yr old up stairs, i'm all alone 
kind of hungry...home alone  #followpeterfacinelli
going for a walk... alone  I wish @shanedawson could come 
is at home... all alone 
stormin really bad outside  home alone  save meeeee
sitting. all alone  2nd time.
@missmotorcade thanks, I have a house full of kids and feel all alone,it sucks 
at the d note all alone. guess my fans dont like me. 
will be out to eat.  I hate being here at home, all alone.  
leave @mileycyrus alone!! she is not in the picture. i agree with @NLS_yt you all just loveee to hate her. you know its not even her!!! 
is awake and laying in bed alone 
omg. the storm is coming......and im home alone!!  
haha she needs to wake up! we left her bucket all alone  @DFsasha
i love being sick.. and being all alone with no one to make it better...  
Why won't people leave me alone??  What have I been missing in Twitterdom?
all alone at barnes and noble.  just got off work waiting for my baby to do the same.
All alone again  so sad
Riding the 4wheeler alone is never fun. 
maybe surrounded by so million people I still feel all alone 
Uuuuuuuuuuuugh another night sleeping alone 
Going to try to go to bed early- I need to catch up on some rest. Even though sleep will probably be a little hard being in my bed alone 
its cold in bed alone 
all alone and soooooo bored 
another  night alone 
Watching a film alone 
In star bucks juli'a all alone 
@alexd_xo i'm all alone..theres no1 here beside me .... so lonely with my mere 24 followers 
In campus all alone. No one comes yet 
Renting a movie..all alone  how sad.
My mommy went home n now I'm all alone again 
is still babysitting waiting for mummy to come home.. do not like being all alone 
All alone in the apartment tonight 
Boyfriends gone to work, stuck at home all alone 
.....That's me encouraging myself because I'm going through this all alone. 
i'm so boredd! listening to music alone 
sometimes i love sleepin alone but then again,some nites i get real lonely..ugh 
Laying outside under a big warm blanket isn't nearly as fun when you're all alone.. 
tired/hot/bored/alone 
Sitting on the train, alone 
In bed alone again   I want to snuggle!!!!
just got back from pangasinan...home alone again! 
Going to go buy food later cause I'm all alone at home. Which is very sad and depressing. 
I'm all alone, there's nobody here beside me 
all alone all weekend 
@rpattzlawyer ha ha... wish you could cause as it stands i'm going to the movie alone 
EWwWWwWWwWw my co-worker is goin home to toss his cookies! (he didnt say it exactly like that) poor guy. But im all alone now. 
is sat at home all alone and is sooooooooo bloody bored !!!! nothing to do !!!!!!  i need entertaining !!!
ahhh good night to relax on the deck. too bad its alone 
@mileycyrus why alone on an island 
I hate to leave knowing that my mother will be kind of alone. 
@whyh8 and on the tweety note I'd thought u'd be the first to say u would be  but I'm twaallll a whone (all alone) lol
@rmiriam I already started drinking alone  #pastthepointofnoreturn #icantfigureoutdmonmyblackberry
its so hot ,,, im so bored ,,, and all alone 
is having lunch alone...  hiksss
Sitting in my apartment alone. I want company 
Is sitting here watching a movie alone 
watching pirates of the carribean 3...alone  vvwateverrr
Eating at red cafe alone 
Now that I'm in the bed I'm not sleepy soooo whack!!! Another night alone 
I know @HolleyMonelle &amp; @KeezyP want me to be happy &amp; just keep swimming, but I never learned how to swim &amp; I can't build an arc alone. 
meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep.  i'm scurredddd. and all alone.   
is not liking this whole being alone in our office thing 
is feeling blue &amp; alone  What to do something evil 
Home all alone again. This sucks 
watching a rihanna concert... alone 
i left my mom all alone 
feeling that alone feeling 
i hate watching extremely funny things all alone. 
All alone with no one here beside me... 
All alone in this house tonight... 
Being In the hospital alone is scary. 
Here is this crowd I'm feeling all alone 
@SimonTheSnowman I had to ride the bus home alone.  It was me and a black guy.
where are the technical pipz??? im all alone here 
ok. now im all alone 
bored as hell and all alone at my house during a thunderstorm great 
just put my little miss back to bed...damn I hate sleeping in mine alone 
I got burned  now I'm all alone
sitting all alone with no 1 to hug!!! 
staying up late alone bored because i cant sleep!! 
watching hot rod... alone 
@samfaag come visit me! im all alone 
I wish had some alone time 
I just want some alone time. 
my parents are on a party... im alone and must clean my room  why I???
@nikobatallones I wish I could do a short film alone. 
eating potato chips while drinking root beer. alone. but my maid is beside me but i feel like alone. like no one to talk too 
just watching t.v. i'm glad that the power came back on. but no ones up...their still sleeping...  i'm all alone...
I wish crazy fans would leave rob pattinson alone 
saturday and all alone  no funnn ..hopefully tonight will be
 im all alone they all went to garage sales
going to the gateway  and grabbing a bite to eat....all alone 
@mrtorture it's been two days, I've left her alone though. I mean I would occasionally pat her just to feel if she's breathing  (paranoid)
getting ready 2 be all alone 
my alone time has been put to death. 
chillin at home! sigh all alone! 
@DjVandal puto you left me on aim alone and on here 
is home from the air show and is very very very drunk-the room is spinning :-/ wishing i had some company n wasnt all alone 
ahh, i have nothing to do tonighttt. my little brothers friend is coming over and i'm all alone 
Eating lunch all alone.  
going to watch benjamin button... alone 
All alone bored. 
oh you know swimming all alone. muhh man still isnt home yet 
is thinking its not so much fun watching this alone 
Up alone now. brittany left  so bored now.
awww being in the old house alone is so sad 
nobody likes me and im all alone.....  
nervous for tomorrow, all alone  
grocery shopping alone feels kind of awkward...i should have brought a buddy 
cause i really enjoyed my alone time. 
Watching the sound of music, alone  texting boyyyyz 
in vegas. in bed alone  goodnight.
Now I'm all alone 
oh, it's boring being all alone 
alone and I'm sad being alone 
Watching dvd alone at home 
i'm all alone, no1 to tlk to 
I had to wait 1 and a half hours in the cold and dark all alone until someone finally came and picked me up 
bored. dont want to sun bathe alone 
Having my dinner all alone 
Fml, I can never actually take a nap alone. I just sit there, not sleeping. 
Watching king kong alone because steve doesn't like it 
Relaxing, listening to music, home alone, the perfect way to spend a half term 
@NoLogan I can be your gf, that way you won't be all alone.  
is grocery shopping alone  #fb
Couldn't let you twitter alone 
@queetsss thanks babe. I guess I will find the right person one day, til then I'm better off alone 
http://bit.ly/6gUlJ  what we do when were cold .. and all alone .. 
now I can smoke up some hash home alone!! 
I've decided to leave the virus vault alone. 
is going to see the new termintor movie alone lol 
all alone... peace and quiet... nice... 
My family gone swimming except me. I didn't join them because I'm lazy and tired. haha! Now, I'm all alone here.  
at work... all alone, no one here. fortunately only 2 1/2 hour left till the weekend starts... yeahhh 
@carlonicora For that alone you deserve yourself another #followfriday! 
@beautiful_alone nom nom, have fun, make your memories 
@Tripzy u aint right leave dat girl alone lmao gudnite 
