Most common words for this cluster:
[('am', 491), ('day', 25), ('home', 25), ('today', 24), ('week', 17), ('i', 16), ('work', 15), ('na', 14), ('time', 13), ('days', 11), ('tomorrow', 11), ('lol', 10)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Am', 0.999950647354126), (u'Are', 0.5966004133224487), (u'Orthop_Clin_North', 0.5740159749984741), (u"'m", 0.5711089968681335), (u'Psychiatr_Clin_North', 0.5645005106925964), (u'J_Prev_Med', 0.5537317991256714), (u'Med_Clin', 0.5470619797706604), (u'J_Surg_Pathol', 0.5469288229942322), (u'Were', 0.5461285710334778), (u'J_Kidney_Dis', 0.5419098734855652)]





@jennifermf I know!  I'm a night owl by nature, hahaha Am I a time zone behind you? It's almost 1 here
Am gutted, checked weather report for the wrong day! No fishing for me today 
wish I could think of some fundraising tips that are JustGiving related, altho fundraising not going so great tbh. Am v depressed 
Am meant to be lunching with some colleages who are in a meeting. I've no idea when they'll be out, nor if they'll tell me when they are 
@tinkissarah Have fun!!  Am off to do some cleaning at the bungalow 
Am bored anyone want to talk to me??? 
Ugh, where is the sun! Am going to watch my daughter play soccer in the rain 
Am seeing so much clutter everywhere?...  need to find some new storage space or some type of solution...help!
@captjax I miss the beach already.    Am looking at beach decor for my wee apartment
Am seeing so many raccoon roadkills on the way to raccoon state park, it's not funny 
@nick_carter Now I feel like a right tool, cos I'm prob the only one who doesn't get the joke lol. Am I really that stupid? 
iPhone restore is going to take too long. Am I truly going to have to go without my phone tonight? A terrifying prospect 
@toffeecrisp100 no I didn't see anyone famous  Am still awake after god knows how long...
Am stranded in the grove with no ride back  our waiter offered us a ride. Should we take it?
Am so not looking forward to going back to school 
Gawds. The news is just horrible today.  Am going 2 stop reading the news.
Am on my own having been forced to leave last day pizza get together by ridiculous phobia of birds. So stressed out 
Am not watching friday the 3th but he's just not into u instead 
Am I like the only person in the world who can't sit &quot;indian style&quot;? lmao. 
gots a bellyache  I really wish I had my mom here to rub it, give me saltines, gingerale and make it all better. Am I too old for that?
i broke another axe    Am knackered from chopping with a log splitter.
Am I dreaming? No. I'm writing  so tired
SCIENCE DEADLINE TOMORROW! oh dear  Am going to have a hot bath, study like hell and pray for the best... :-S
Am gonna finish assigs today... finally... not all though.. 
Am gonna really miss this place.. 
@commonsense4 I'm well (but had food poisoning again last week!). Is there anything they can do to alleviate pain 4 u? Am so sorry 2 hear 
Am I the only one who can't sleep??? Its so hot  I don't think a ice cold glass of milk will help either!
Am all alone...again! 
Am having a break, hot tea that does not taste like tea!!! 
@jedhallam Gutted that I can't make it after all  Am I out of the crew?
Am hungry when I shouldn't be ... my rice krispies should have kept me going for at least another hour and a half 
Am pretty sure the damn things are not supposed to cause physical injury to the user, dammit. I followed the directions and everything. 
Am sad that I only get six icons for my journal at Dreamwidth. 
Am sick  I don't like being sick. I need a holiday. @vijay_nair let me go instead of you. I get all the mails from great escape anyway!
Am cold, forgot my coat.they didn't really need me on this race; I could have stayed in bed and gone straight to marown race instead 
Am so tired been awake since 6.30am cant sleep 
Rargh. Am in one of those depressed-for-no-reason moods. 
Am up way too early on the weekend.... I have no plans and nothing to do... and I'm up anyway 
Am so hyper, heart beating so fast, am waiting for eyeballs to explode. Out of ice cream and I have to &quot;be good&quot; today 
Just woke up thought I had 6hrs kip, my last tweet tells me otherwise....4hrs. Am gonna feel like poop later. 
http://twitpic.com/4h6mi - They're leaving the nest  one flew out as I opened the door and only one little birdie left in the nest. Am ...
Am now stuck in traffic jam. Should have walked...serves me right for being so lazy 
Am now getting spam followers on twitter! 
Am trying to compress my 3gb pst file ... Its compacting 1bit/sec 
In need of some good photos for art tonight. Am not prepared and got nothing to paint 
Am still feeling poorly today. It's not fair 
Muscles I've never felt before are aching. Am I really that big of a kayaking wuss? 
damn not much sleep ... got to run to the office...    6.20Am already... ciao
@DJSMOOK is everyone still there? Am I still a loser or what? 
@mabeswife @smatterday Yes, it does. Am no longer speeding ticket virgin. 
Am trying to figure out why people do what they do with no regards for other people 
 Am racit...
Just when I think about going outside it goes cloudy again. Am I going to sacrifice my day out so that everyone can have sunshine? 
$135 later... Am home. Having worked pretty much all weekend, I'm not looking forward to tomorrow 
Am all knackered and could do with a nap but have many jobs to do 
@eternalmagpie oooh am I the client?! Am in shitty 3g area so can't see it  what do you need from me? Of course might be someone else...
I am sat here having a sob!!  Am very proud of my dad for taking his 1st steps yesterday after losing his leg last yr! Just want a cuddle
Am in a foul mood after crappy morning during which all my tech has decided to wage a war against me, even my mac's not playing ball 
Am in the motel that time forgot 
@alexbcann ...but draw a line @ spraypainting yer shoes, lol! Am sulkin cos I can't tune in 
Am so hungry though 
@thelovingkind I've studied lots in politics, but I specialize in a particular branch of theory now. Am frustrated I don't remember stuff 
Am about to do the &quot;parents returning home early from holidays&quot; thing and crash the dog/blackbird party by cutting wood inlays outside. 
beta testing an app [not telling]...interface is beautiful, but I will have to mess with it more later. Am tired 
@cfdj71 LOL Am i not allowed wee glass of wine with my dinner 
Am also freaked out beyond anything that its my last week ever tomorrow. 7 years down to 4 days 
Am cold 
Am gutted the lion lads lost the cup final today. That makes 3 cup finals and 3 runner up trophies  the curse continues.
@lonerespite You drive safe. Am a little worried 
Missing twitter a lot this weekend.  But now I need to catch up on work.  Am days behind schedule.  
@KtLeydon Am I not included in &quot;the rest of the family&quot; anymore? 
Am so tired only got 4 hours sleep last night it sucks so bad 
Am just realising how broke I am. It sucks 
Am so not in the mood for P.E today! 
GoinG home ! Am yo3ana wayed 
Am I dying?  why am I always sick (
Too much tasks that don't have anything to with my function description  Am I glad I have vacation soon.. =_=
Am awake.... And for no flippin reason 
@malherring Ahhh, a nice thought! Unfortunately, not an option for me  Am in the office - teehee.
crazy twitter wouldn't let me on for a week for some reason.  Am I really that bad. 
@calmandready ahhh ok cool! Am playing dead space at the mo but may try the headset thing at one point! I just can't sing!!! 
I hate this city sometimes. No power last night. ALL night. *sigh* Am so tired, it hurts when I blink 
Am still stuck at my desk boohoo 
@TheLadyJane I'm here! Am just about to start work 
@Filanskitten I don't know. Am just guessing he had it waxed since it seems to be gone mostly!  And since he's so toned now...
yuk, just blocked porn follower  Am having #FlingoutFriday so far!
Am gearing up for a 0-day weekend.  
I'm sort of sad that the spam followers never seem to follow me anymore. Am I not good enough for you? 
I hurt my back by trying to have good posture for 90min yesterday. Am I that crooked?! 
I'm getting tired of being lonely every single night. Am I not good enough anymore. 
@Ediesedgwick83 but v v v excited now!!! Am so bored of being ill, but things are not going to get any better for the near future  &amp;
Am i the only one experiencing problems logging into digital point forums ???  
Am i really hyperventilating over my hair???  yes, i most certainly am.
As if the day couldn't get any worse! Am once again an involuntary audio audience to the (not so) domestic bliss emanating from next door 
What happened to my early night? Am about to turn into a pumpkin 
@carkeen can i tumpang your unhawnda car from office to anywhere near cab area next week. Am carless 
Am now wondering if I'll ever be well again. 
Am not feeling that great 
Am tired &amp; can't sleep  I only slept for like 3hours,i slept @ 6am and woke up @ 9 
Am bored on my lunch break! Only get 30mins aswell  http://myloc.me/2506
@cheryl2788 @veronique0882 &amp; @songkat Am sad that I live so far away and can't hang with you guys.  
had a little surprise kiss from an unexpected friend. Am going to to hell because it's my friends ex bf as well  i'm going to hell
@db0y8199  Koool..Am tired as hell wish I could be sleeping but cant sleep 
Am so annoyed right now...bought a live cd download but the file always comes up as damaged  and now they won't let me download again 
Am lost in translation... 
Am relaxing after 3 days of marking.  More to do tomorrow 
Am I A twitter whore 
Am at the airport saying my good byes to the girls 
Am now officially sick  hope I feel better, busy week this week...
Am relaxing for a bit, but not for long.  I have so much to do.  
Am I seriously about to go to mcdonalds? No other option at this hour 
@ddsnorth Nothing better that good creme brulee! Am a big fan...tonight was a special treat..now back to sensible eating. 
3:58Am and no sleep in site...wouldn't be so bad except need to be at the finish line for brother's marathon in 5 hours 
@qikipedia elves can't say shat! Am shocked and saddened 
@xcarliex fun yesterday then? Am jealous you got to see the show, I never had the chance! 
Am in serious need of some cheering up. 
Am cold 
Am ran out of energy...drowsy...and all that shites 
Am watching wrestling, and then got home work 2 do 
Am attempting to clean off the wretched dining room table...again. I've filled 1/2 a garbage bag and still can't see the table top 
Am in shock  whos watching the french open? :-O this is upsetting
Am growing a tomato plant (indoors) for the 1st time - any good tips? I always manage to kill houseplants  It's about 30cm tall now
Am absolutely stuffed from dinner 
Am i cursed or something? 
Am seriously considering going back to bed. I think I am broken 
Am figuring out no one's reading my tweets....  
@hcurrier right now? Am I missing it!? 
Am exhausted and sick 
Am feeling so tired. To top it all, j have a sore throat. 
Am back just had to deal with a dead budgie 
@acidicfizz Why the quotes? Am I missing something? Is this code that I don't understand? 
Morning! Am at work today 
Am very much hoping my blocked nose and sore throat this a.m. is due to hayfever or the roses I brought indoors not a dreaded summer cold 
Am I the only one that hasn't seen the new moon trailer yet?!? I can't download it anywhere! 
Why is it that everytime I go for a shower some comes to the house!! Am actualy going crazy there is a buzzin noise in my ears 
okay so if you havent already guessed by now i have nothing to do but twitter and ebay...  Am i losing the plot?
Am sad coz my cat is dying 
Am packing up to get ready to go home. I have a horrible headache. 
Am sickie-poo in bed....second day....boooooo 
Am feeling pretty awful at the moment. I want to go out for a walk but it hurts 
@shoes_in_herts Ingesting the alcohol definitely, would waste it by rubbing it in. Am really getting fed up and bored of the pain now 
@joemaclover I had it on and didn't pay attention  Am so focused on here and the chat room. LOL
@jessicarid i dont want u and Am to fight over the last one!? lol I should've gotten more but I didnt have time 
Am still awake, have tried everything to get to sleep, but have realised that I have an exam in 3 days and haevnt done enough revision 
Am I ever gonna have a profile picture? 
Am getting bored being here, maybe I don't use it that well 
Chem's over and I'm tired. Am missing out on all the action at sixth 
Where is that paris flight? The donkeys are kicking! Am a bit nervous about flying tomo 
@MMMMeenal @rum1t help me find their music. Am streaming it off youtube right now. @vinitbharucha says its on rsjonline but i cant find 
So far, no so good. http://tinyurl.com/nuwjt7 Am cry. 
@shamim86 No its not!!! Am having a bad hair day today as well 
Am off to study now...hopefully today will be more productive than the last few days were 
Its hard to look at my cat's bed...I miss him already and hope he is done soon   Am I dumb for being this crazy over his dental visit???
Am sad to see the summer sun disappear after three gorgeous days 
@MrGQ Am I not allowed to stalk you? 
@COACD Am so bummed I can't make it 
Am not admitting it to no good meanie boyfriend but the burnt knees are very painful 
@SongwriterTC Am I goin' to hell for laughin' at that? 
@Carmillia Am all itchy just reading that.  you poor thing they are yucko.
oh sad. Am I on here alone now? All of my friends hate me for talking about baking vegitables 
Am going to try to go to bed so good nite. 
@allconsoffun me too, it's 4:00 Am 
Am seriously getting pwned by ubuntu modules patching  #fb
Am worried about my pup. 
Today's been a black day for my blood sugar levels, which have been hovering around the 'fuck all' mark all day. Am exhausted 
Am soooooo bored!!! 
Am feeling a bit sad because I don't know how to get followers as my friends are on facebook 
Am I too old to start looking for additional friends, I swear to you the ones I have I love but are getting boring 
@bonniebullock no, i was there last week  i miss it! Am from there originally tho.
Am in class and am ever so bored who will save me from this boring lesson 
Am i going to be kicked off twitter at 8pm for maintenance? Really? 
Am lost and lonely, hate this next 24 hours of adjustment to being without my rock      
Bollocks. I've just seen my first spymaster tweet. Am sad now. 
@kristenstewart9 OK, I feel ridiculous  Am I 'Tweeting' to anyone who IS who they say they are? I'm just gonna take my ball and go home!
@DakotaFanning9 I feel ridiculous  Am I 'Tweeting' to anyone who IS who they say they are? If not, I'm taking my ball and going home!...
Am I worth less because I weigh (five or ten pounds) more? 
Am at a str8 bar. A lesbian is buying me a shot. Always a girl, never a guy.  LOL
Am still tucked up in bed, loving the fact it's the weekend but wishing I didn't have to be somewhere at 10am 
Am I still not getting all my replies? Or am I being ignored? 
Someone please come see me today. Am sooo lonley 
Am feeling sad today, my best friend goes home to the states tomorrow 
@simonPARASITE getting sick and tired of certain people.........Am I one of those?  
After cleaning the house, am thinking what to do for lunch!! Am starting to hate living alone 
Am stuck in a car park at docklands. How did I manage to finish dinner when the circus finished 
Am on diet   ... after a cuppa and a small slice of cake. I'm actually contemplating going for a run !?!?!?!
Am rather I'll 
Am &quot;revising&quot; 
Am I gonna need a jacket today? ? Totally messes my outfit up 
Am I really that bad of a person??? Why do all people eventually hurt me? 
@endorphite you've lost me now!! Don't have sky  its a sore point!! Am i borin you yet?! You havin a bottle...of wine 2nite
@oldbluebox wait. What at seven? Am i not invited? 
A couple people unfollowed me.  Am I that annoying?
So we came here to review kid friendly summer stuff. None of which is happening this weekend. Am very confused 
Am i just selfish? 
Am I not as fun to be around as she is? It sure sounds like it by what she's telling me. 
Am home I missed twitter 
@gfalcone601 may i come please? Am going to be stuck outside in this teaching all morning  drive safe.
upset over the blackberry! I am not materialistic!!! Am I? I don't use it's internet capabilities so I don't NEED it...but this new one 
Am packing for my week away 
Am I going to forget again? I hope not... 
Am angry because my necklace broke and I can't find my other one anywhere!! It's not fair! I have more, but these two were the best 
@moogal I cannae sorry. Am doing walk for life then off to thorpe park. 
Watching French open while unpackin from hoilday  Am tired from busy week and stuff. xoxo
just went for a walk. rained really heavily. Am now wet 
Am farking cold and some biatch spilled her drink all over my coat 
Am I at the hot mess parade for slop in a fitted tee and beauty supply store slip in jellies ?   
Am drawing cells. 
Am soooo bored!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Am annoyed with facebook. It won't let me upload my photos 
Am i the only one that doesnt have a job yet? 
An not fan of any of the shows on tonight so can't watch TV really either. Am v boring 
Am I the only one who finds pac-man frightening? Them ghosts scare me, no joke 
Am feeling so tired these days. I end up sleeping like a log! And time keeps speeding past me. 
Am sad and pissed off and my feet hurt and I want some chocolate 
I really want to get home to my dog (romez) I can jus imagine the tantrumz he threw an the wrk I hav 2 do! Am such a bad master! 
Am I too fat ewww gross I'm ugly and fat help help I need a new body  I feel bad cuz I'm the only one of my friends that don't got a bf!!!
I'm having da time of my life but is it just a fantasy? Am I dreaming? N how long will it last? 
@queenofshops I am one of the blockees.  Am sad 
Am sat here, staring at my computer screen, trying to urge myself to do those things I absolutely NEED to do before my 11:00am meeting 
Am very disappointed with the dinner I cooked tonight. I feel sad and let down. 
Decision making sucks. Am I ready to go further yet? I don't know. 
Am all relieved 'cause the kitchen requires a relatively small adjustment so I finalized the order! To be delivered and placed in week 35 
 Am wondering why 'friends' are telling me me to shut it - when actually i have barely said anything...
err who unfollowed me? Am I that boring?! 
Am so sleepy and tired but still have to work  http://myloc.me/3UfV
Am v.tempted to have a nap...even though i know its inevitable that i'll end up grumpy &amp; disorientated 
Am i the only one who enjoys weather channel music outside of the weather channel? 
Am only one-third of a trifecta today. So perhaps, I'm just a fecta. 
Am sat on a small and busy commuter train. No room to get any work done 
Am having an utterly cak day 
@dbloomfield is anyone still coming to zizzi's? Am only one here 
Am almost desperate enuff to beg someone to jam a ballpoint pen into the knot underneath my shoulder blade!! 
Am I a terrible person for wanting winter back? It's really hot 
Am I getting a bonus check?  I hope so
@arsbars I cant see your tweets!  Am I blocked? 
Am so tired I am shaking 
Am i a bad person? 
@HotBoyBruce jus. Am 
Wolfed down a burger with loads of sauteed onions for dinner. Am now very sleepy, and wanting to go to bed like an old person, but can't. 
Apologies for the lack of updates, I'm actually doing work   Am I missing anything?
Am feeling kinda sick, breaking out in cold sweat nw. 
@JONLdot. @Jaysteezbluhd. Am i the only one who hasnt seen hangover yet?!? 
Am not able to concentrate...I can't read a technical book for more than 10-5 min continuously .. 
Am very warm   I'd far rather be cold than hot. You can always put more clothes on, but you can only take off so much before you're naked.
@Sianz The cape shop wasn't open this morning  Am making do with a swirly dress and some extra eyeliner.
Am not having the best start to the day... going to bed late and waking up early will do that to you, sigh...  Is it bedtime yet?
Am in my bed , really mad @ sm1  , dunno wt to do a9ln
I so wish i could drive!Am being confined to the house (for the 5th day) b/c my mother says she is sick of driving me everywhere!So bored 
@SubtleBlade I think that is the day we fly home. Nothing else before that? Am very sad.  
Am bored 
Am also thinking I don't fancy going to work tomorrow 
Am dropping out of love i dint sign up 4this pain so am out of love i cant take feelin this way ...think its best u go ur way... 
Am several days behind in emails. And can't make a dent tonight because of this headache 
Am now addicted to reading bad twitterers  Should have better things to do. (&quot;Like twitter better yourself.&quot; Haha, funny at the back.)
Am gonna kick some mother fuckers son of a bitches ass...somebody broke into my car and took my stereo 
Am going out grocery shopping... anyone interested to help me out?  I hate grocery shopping!
Am bitterly disappointed with one project 
Am giving up on day 2 presentation - not downloading or playing for me... 
Am I glad that day is over...time to rest before it all begins again tomorrow 
@niallmcloughlin Don't! I coulsn't get tickets for that date! Am so sad!!!!  #muse
I just never get a break. Am the emergency room because my little one broke an arm at the playground  #IHMFL
Am I allowed to say when my heart hurts? 
 Am I sad because I miss the lamest people that just left my house? Unfortunately. No. More. sDot.
Am queueing along federal hiway after two weeks of smooth flow...school hols is over 
Am sitting outside on the back porch, getting eaten alive. 
And I already called in 10 days ago.  Am I gonna look like a chump? Gaaah.
Am at a beautiful italian cheese providores/cafe, with yummy arancini, coffee and 200 cheeses and the mood is RUINED by didgeridoo music 
@FamouslyWho lol everytime i feel my own pain i will feel yours too. Am so busy cannot even write on here 
Am ashamed to say that there is no food for the hungry looking sparrows today 
Am back from exploring the town and now have blisters all over my poor feet 
Looking forward to a day that can only get better. Am due at dentist at 10... 
Am very glad that the internet is back. It went away for a few hours. 
@iamjonathancook @markftsk ahh yer guys sayOW mssg got cut off. Am I the only one this has happened to? 
Morning twitters! Am already having a nightmare day with a burst tyre 
Am happy I finished the final installment of the twilight series but am a little sad I have no twilight fix before bed anymore! 
Is very excited for tonight!!!! Am thinking of going to starbs in uxbridge for some revision. Mehhhh 
Am so confused.... 
Not a good day!   Am I always gonna get punished for being attractive? I thought that was a plus when it comes to ur significant other??
Am very boredd.. 
Am soooooooo bored 
@boncey I bet it wasn't red and shiny though  Am going to suggest to S that we eat lentils all week so we can have it!
@AlixandraLove Am not feeling whole... a part of me is missing  
Am very depressed. 
 Why am I blocked? Am I really that socially inept?
@Hannahmarie2009 I want pancakes!! Am I too late? 
@Lewb O2 will send you a pic when it's activated. Am still waiting for mine, been about half an hour so far... 
@nicoleheape whats this chemo talk??? Am i missing something? 
Am not feelin too well  need plenty of rest..
@ddlovato Am sorry, I just can't find it THAT funny, nice movie, but not as funny as everyone thinks it is, what am I missing ? 
@leighalexander Just figured that I'd have heard of a Canadian indie band with that sort of pedigree. Am I that out of touch? 
Am sooo tired- and I have work tonight!! 
Am i too old to still be having growing pains? I wanna rip my legs off. 
There aren't any comments on my latest blog post  Am I really all alone in MommaDrama????? http://www.stacydoriguzzi.blogspot.com/
Am sick   But on a brighter note, I am off school for a week! YAYYYY
Sitting at work ready to go.....7:30Am seems so far away 
Am trying hard to learning guitar now....I sacrificed my long nails for it! Fingers pain pain liao 
Am going to be screwed for Midyears!! 
Am trying really hard to get a job over the summer. No luck so far 
Am still a little unsure how it all works 
Sitting in front of the comp for more than 5 mins is killing. Am surprised at the intensity of the pain, its unbearable 
@moonchic When did you become such a social butterfly? Am I going to grow out of being anti social? 
Am so energised, sitting at home seems such a waste of time tonight! Just wanna have some fun 
@Jessicaaxo I've followed him- don't think he will win sadly  Whats a verified account? Am I thick? oui.
Am overwhelmed with to do list. So much to accomplish - and clean - before  we leave for the beach. I feel my pedi will not make the cut 
Am I really getting old? And i thought i''ll be young forever  
Should be studying math. Am not. 
Am crying the movie 3jeeb 
I think some 'kind' train passenger has passed on their germs  Am thinking facemarks arent such a bad idea after all *coughs* *dies*
Am I really that hard to understand? 
Am i seriously the last living person that's single?!?!?! 
@KatyCorbeil I'm not awkward! Am I? Awww 
Am not feeling good at all just want to spit out the blood in my mouth and have really bad pain right now 
Pc hasn't fixed itself. Am accepting that it is utterly dead, will have to get new one. Needed new one anyway, but will miss the old boy. 
Ugh I sneezed &amp; now I have a real bad headache  Am I going to die now??  &lt;/3
@feelme down with a flu but trying to be energetic. @Kananuibui am having the brew . Am at work  u? and wea is @Maximilus?
Am sooo incredably tired this morning 
Oh so tired. Am I gonna get scolded on my first day if I'm late? 
Am I the only one who really doesn't enjoy the golden hour 
Am dormit 3 ore.... so I`m in a really bad mood 
Am at work, wish the kids would disappear and I could go home, curl up in my bed in dark and sleep for 100 years. I need a hug 
Am getting a bit peed off with being put upon by so called friends, where are they when I need to talk, always everythings about them 
My belly button still hasn't 'popped'. Am I defective? 
Am hot and my head hurts and I do t want to be at work.  boo hoo
Am shattered and haven't packed for 2moro 
Am at a graduation...its very muggy here 
i am fucking pissed off at cali.Am @ macs eating alone 
Am i really studying at the lib on a friday 
Am prepared to get blisters today. 
Am currently pulled over for doing 79mph 
Am hoping that our office servers are offline due to a power failure as opposed to someone breaking in and stealing them all... 
Am I doomed to be single 4vr ??? 
Trying to find more ppl on here to follow and who will follow me. Am I that much of a nobody that no one wants to follow me  nah just new!
@emjaystar I have no chance-no sitter  Am thinking I would've really liked to go! The couple of tweeps I've met have been nice. U met any?
@amandapalmer Yay for t-shirt! Am unhappy i missed make-up this #LOFNOTC - was sulky and went to bed early. 
Am literally still shaking. I hate nightmares like that. I also have the hiccups.  Going to try to sleep again...
Am well sleepy.  Mazzymoo goes home today. 
Am hot sweaty mess. Pretty sure am having heatstroke. This sucks. 
Finally im come home. But not my really house  . ?? Am i homesick ?
@PrincessMir I was followed a while back. Am I still interesting?? 
wonders why he seems to cut the conversation off half way..Am i boring him..?He dont even answer my questions!! 
Am bored n dabblin around with my laptop 
Am feeling very down again now. This time next week I will be 30. Ibhave a feeling I'm going to be sat on my own 
Still in philly.. Am I just lost in the system.. 2 Airlines...14 confirmation codes and been at 2 airports in 24 hours..&amp; still no flight 
Am wide awake...feel bad that I didn't get to pack lunch for the husband 
Am sooo tired 
@CoachMonique heeeeey how'd u get ur pic green? Am I the lame one @ school? Not in the 'IN' crowd? 
Am I shallow if I say that I wish I could find nail polish in the shades of green on all your icons? yeah I know- that's why ppl hate us 
Am always behind on lj 
Am having lunch with 4 good frens. And no..there's no @cherlyntan or salah ong inside. They, ps me 
Shouldn't I be out at this time?? Am I getting old?! 
Am I the only one that can't sleep and mad because everything on television sucks? 
Am having a headache now 
Am craving for jap meal 
Am so lazy. Am willing to deprive myself a nice cup of tea, just so that I don't have to walk to the end of the road for milk. 
@circustae Why you unfollow me? Am I boring u? 
Am on medical leave. 
Am doing english coursework 
Am sad at the loss of a dear friend 
Am I really going to spend my entire day reading?! The sun is hiding for the first day of summer, sooo i guess so 
Am trying damn hard to sleep..... 
Am back home, very tired and feeling real fed up 
2nd day of summer and I need to turn on the heater  Am I in bizarro world?
Going to the dentist tomorrow. Am not a tough cookie. Am a wuss, am freaking out at densist 
Going to the dentist tomorrow. Am not a tough cookie. Am a wuss, am freaking out at dentist 
Am i wrong for masturbating in the bathroom at work??? 
I know it's her bday, but mum made emma lunch but forgot me! Am relyin on own funds for food 
Am i watching Jurrasik park!!?! I'm so confused 
hey girls i have to go... here it's 1:17Am ... 
@dariusrucker Why did you follow me -- and then unfollow me -- in about a 5 minute time span? Am I that boring? I'm crushed! 
Am I the only one doing #whatareyoulisteningto ?? 
really don't like the walk home in this heat after gardening club at school. Am knackered with sore feet 
I wish I was at home now... Am dreading the next week 
Still can't get the lie thingy to work for me. Am feeling disenfranchised 
Am I cynical for thinking &quot;no student of history can have any doubt that the direction of mankind is towards greater freedom&quot; is naive? 
Oh dear. That didn't take long at all. Am now very sad. 
Am so tired!! I have a poorly twin with a fever and diahorrea 
Am I the only one that takes out the fruit chunks when I eat yogurt? I think they are slimy and gross, akin to worms--not real fruit. 
Am getting incredibly depressed over all these poor animals 
Am inceput ziua cu o briosa si cafea... still hurting because of the cold 
@stephenfry hope you have a great trip!! Am off to bed. (tried writin that in german but all i know= panzerfaust &amp; eiscafe  sorry )
got his finger stuck between the door, but didn't start crying. Am I finally a grown-up now? ... No, it still hurts. 
Am i the only one going to school tomorrow....? 
I am having trouser issues today, zip is busted. Am trying not to leave desk 
Am up way too early. This is really not fair. 
I hv cereal bt no milk  some1 bring me a bowl of milk please! (Slightly heated). Am I the only one who microwaves my milk b4 eatn cereal?
Am uber distraught at the fact that I won't be able to watch the next episode of red thread 
Am I ever going to feel not sick again?  
@londonsymphony There are many advantages to living down here but access to orchestral concerts isn't one of them.  Am bit grumpy today!
@aussie_ali oh yeah, it just about doubled this week.. I did it though! Am now writing for http://connect2mums.ning.com/ 
@LittleJesse not that I know of. Am listening to him now 
Am too tired, with classes right from 9 in the morning  and lab in the afternoon ....gonna sleep now 
Am taking advantage of the sunshine and am going to take the dog on the beach for a walk...no work for 12 days....yipeeeee 
I jet washed our patio yesterday. Something very satisfying / therapeutic about this.  Am I the only one? 
@princess_kessie @loneleyaesthetic really not bothered, drove well considering brain condition. Am now at windermere. 
@IsabellaSky Am I that antisocial? ) I actually had this for ages, but I left it, then I'm back! 
@shari i'm one of em... Am I included in the 150? 
@jadeofjades A Mimmosa herround is somebody that isnt able to take any opposite opinion...?  Am i twittin 2 much? )
Up rather late w/ appellate brief. I'm pretty happy w/ the facts section, but worried about the jurisdictional statement. Am I to boring? 
@AcmePhoto Am I too late to vote?  I pick C 
@adriangraham Because its so huge and I find self promotion wearying after a while. Am determined though, that should carry me through. 
Am home with the family, wet cos of the rain, got a call from dad on the bus cos my mum got worried that i wasnt home yet isnt she sweet 
and why arent more people following me? Am I that boring that noone cares what I doing? 
Am home now. We finished at like 3:30 and then I almost feel asleep in our summer display.  Am going to crash now!
@emmao414 oh dear.  Am sure you will handle it effortlessly.  I will leave you in peace 
@BecaBear @Mezhead I don't know!! Am praying for rain so something cozy, but comfortable and nice at the same time... if it exists 
Am liking the sunnny weather 
Am stepping away from the keyboard to get married tomorrow 
@plannersusanna I'm not so bad, ta. Am sure I'll bump into you again some point soon at some shindig or other 
Am I really sitting at home waiting like a creep for @jackgraycnn to tweet so I can respond to him? Wow, I need a life. But he's cute! 
@Tophe_ aww. What a mate! Am planning on being cleared up by then, though 
Am so happy!! I have a company at me crib!! 
Am back home. In one piece!  Twitting from my friends place.
Am so glad @Temposhark posted a link to the @electroqueer blog. Seems like a great site - lots of new music 
Am having a very good weekend so far. 
Am on fire 
@lookski You and me also...lol.  Am paying no attention to it.  Just normal hygiene rules apply 
Am helping with dinner and practising Japanese!!  
had a rough nightshift. Am still so tired but showers are so good sometimes 
thought he had swine flu there for a while but seems it was just some other bug.. Am back to normal now  time to enjoy the weekend
@Idril_ilae *sigh* if it was that easy!  Am always stressing myself so much! Silly me. Always trying to be perfect xx
Am outside on the balcony, chilling, reading and listening to tunes if you should want me you will have to ring me!! 
had a busy yet awesome weekend... had to cut cleaning in half - it continues... Am grateful for my friends and fam - Y'all rock my world! 
@dangerousdork Really, Am! 
At the conty now. Am reading the 130pm news. 
Am soo happy about today .. the going home bit sucks ,, but meeting everyone will be aceness to the extreme  lol,, am so cheesy :p
@MistressB Am happy to provide backup support for all murderous rampages 
There's like no one I ACTUALLY know on this shizz! Am dum diggin' it 
@craigend I only do computers. Am hopeless at everything else 
@sabbypar when next week are you leaving? Am off somewhere next week as well. 
I was right, street market + rain = not a good idea! Am at home now with the fire on and a bacon sandwich yummmmm 
Am I the only one who likes Mondays? 
Home from a day of pampering with mom &amp; dinner with family. Am currently snuggied up on the couch with a glass of wine &amp; a new book. Ahhh 
Am about to start re-doing my wedding invitations brochure now I have made new designs for '09 today 
@filmtx Checked. Am exhausted now but will reply to ya in the morning. 
is going for blessings from powderful monk. Am very, very, very happy about this 
@JDY035 thanks john! Am a DwiZ pioneer 
Am heading off with my girlies, feel happy but extremely knackered 
Taking my grandmother out for dinner today. Am I a saint or what. 
2dayis last day of garage sale.Am whipped but had a blast with the crazy/interesting customers. Many blog/ article topics were born! 
Am randomly watching some of the fastest men in the world on deansgate... And the calming continues 
Am waiting for minty poos to finish work 
Am enjoying a pint and a paper in the pub 
Am i hipster now? 
@SouthwestAir anything is possible. Am entered as you know 
Am thinking about meeting a rich man and becoming a house wife 
Am having one of those days where everything seems to be going wrong 
@melody Haha! Am I right?! 
@KaytaJ Am all good..why not follow back for last gossip? LOL 
@itsMB sa va merci,et vous? Am still learning 
Pinch me! Am I still asleep or did @barenakedladies reply to me? It's the least I could do  I'll have to try it with the additions .
@mr_billiam @a_web_designer I saw it. Am supremely impressed 
Am feeling rather inspired tonight, should get lots of creativity into my work. Yay 
@jowalshy I heard that she is planning on finishing it... *fingers crossed*. Am re-reading right now, it is brilliant 
Am I crazy? Or just madly in love. 
@urdrinkingbuddy  um...why are you showing me your location? Am I supposed to bring you lunch?
Am going to the shop 
Am making grown men sit a test  feel the power!
Clicking heels and saying Theses no place like home  Theses no place like home  Theses no place like home          Am I there yet 
Am drinking booze out of a neon green straw.  http://yfrog.com/14b4oj
@derRuedi Am grand...the long weekend is here...yay!  and u?
@unitedmusicro jst got a msg from @MyOnlineShop that also went 2 u. Am followin u now 
Am I weird for liking the smell of deep heat? anyone else like it too? 
thr's a sam's bar fan club in fb .. how cool is tht!!  http://bit.ly/Am66e
At train station awaiting train for final leg of the day. Am so very looking forward to putting my head on a pillow 
Am going back to purple later!  woop
Am gonna go and eat some burny chicken for lunch now 
Am I twittering or tweeting? 
@sunshine_diva Am glad too.. Now haveto help mom with some chores and laundry 
@tracynova http://twitpic.com/61o74 - Am I getting a personalized issue miss? 
@ruhanirabin shh.. 4 me too,  oh, atleast they r easier to get..Am good today,got good sleep, &amp; have stuffs to do, ur plugin is cool btw..
now going to sleep @ 5:34 Am ... dis da life !! LOL 
