Most common words for this cluster:
[('am', 271), ('i', 39), ('day', 17), ('work', 15), ('today', 13), ('oh', 12), ('do', 11), ('amp', 11), ('lol', 11), ('quot', 10), ('people', 10), ('time', 10)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Am', 0.8877995014190674), (u'Orthop_Clin_North', 0.7016671895980835), (u'J_Surg_Pathol', 0.67337566614151), (u'Pause.', 0.6708235144615173), (u'Kimzolciak', 0.6648135185241699), (u'Psychiatr_Clin_North', 0.6609700918197632), (u'ROBERT_BLAGOJEVICH', 0.6602494120597839), (u'J_Prev_Med', 0.6589454412460327), (u'Whattaya', 0.6582837700843811), (u'@_WonderwallMSN', 0.6566555500030518)]





Sigh. Am sitting here working with my leg propped up.  It's making my ankle feel better but also making my knee hurt 
Didnt goto town in the end. Tidying flat instead. Am on an 18 month contract which started last month 
Yes Cousie Star, may i propose the week after next? My school life will be officially over! Am I am not excited about it. 
Am seriously craving custard cake  http://bit.ly/PJ95p Guh! 
@EvilChick Am guessing I'm too late and it's now an ex-brownie   But it did look pretty tasty. Was it a Starbuck's branch in Border's? Yum
Just got home from the laguna trip. Am dead tired. But I had fun. Didn't tan tho 
Maybe I will get the project finished tomorrow. Want to get back into PhD...Am really behind 
Am still poorly so no work again  Infact i think i won't be going back again as i can't keep letting my friend down.
@xmelaniex7 Fire the wardrobe department!  Am stuck in Alabama and this hotel doesn't offer MSNBC  #morningjoe
@satinephoenix ? I though I was following you before... Damn computers...  Oh well. Am now. 
@Angrybeth Think breakie at venue starts at 9:30. Am in different hotel so dunno about your local breakie 
@snappingturtle yes  its so addictive Tanya. Like my very own personal brand of heroin. (Quote fm book. See? Am useless)
@JimmyG77 ur right! Am now sat at my desk,... Considerably less optermistic than. Half hour ago!  oooo what's the point.
Teenagers are just  too much hard work  Am shattered with my girl! No rule book..what a mess.
Just got back from dairy queen. Yumm! And misses Zack.    Am-burhh (:
Am having problems keeping up with all the tweets and have started unfollowing a few people to cut down.  Same issue I have with Facebook!
@johnnystorm oh dear. How could u. I'm sure she is devistated. Keep me up to date with pix. Am sat at tesco. Cold hungry and alone 
Morning all. Just out of the shower having coffee! Am on call this morning so have really been awake since 8am  Nice day tho 
Am at the vets with Thor. Don't mention this on facebook as I haven't told the kids yet. It doesn't look good 
@gjarnling Oh, but Mr Jarnling, I said I was sorry in 2 languages...but am not forgiven? Am going to cry into my meatballs... 
1-0  Well done girls (Y) Am knackered now and wishing I could take more painkillers  WEll done Under14's too! (Y)
I'm awake! Am I really awake??? OK, need some coffee. In this way, I'm really German.  Can't tell you how much I hate this habits!!!
My face is reallllllllly itchy from eating the shrimp!! Am I having a reaction?? Nooooooo! I love seafood too much! 
Saved a Bee today! Am well chuffed &amp; hey what's going on with them, there's kinda piggy bee flu going down i hear  v. sad..Save the bees!
Want to watch Gurren Lagann. Am currently at my parents. DVD is at my flat. How can I make this work? I miss Kamina. 
took a quick break from editing to see &quot;X-Men Origins: Wolverine&quot;. Got a trip off seeing Will-I-Am. LOL! Mad there was no T2 trailer 
@Lenyajones Hiya Lenya. I wasn't inspired  Am on a determined mission to update wardrobe using up-n-coming designers. They tend to excite!
Am liking new twitterific iPhone app. Very sleek. &amp; I bought Twitterfon 
Am I the only one on the island that didn't know about the 80s concert?  Geez.  
@jacivelasquez JACI!!! I want to see you! I want to listen to you tomorrow in Phoenix, but I am in ARGENTINA! Why Am I so far  ?
- @Ryankfm one thing hate about twitter is getting info we haven't seen yet re American Idols. Am sad  Oh well...
Honey Bunches why am I losing followers? Am I not cool anymore? Was there an annoucement I missed about me? 
Am up way too early. Court today    Time to give the City of Norman more money that I DONT have. Grrrrr ifuckinghatepatsies
Okay. Am upset that my party is not going to turn out this is some bullish 
@BBCWeatherNE_C Urgh, please say you're joking!  Here's me thinking it's looking like a lovely, warm day.  Am I wrong??  
The snacks' late   Am hungry!! Someone send me food!
Argh i'm damn lazy to do homework..   I just realised Spiderman is left-handed. Am i slow or what? :|
Argh i'm damn lazy to do homework..   and i just realised Spiderman is left-handed. Am i slow or what? :|
@avl94 Surprising? Am i that bad  haha.
Watching 'I Am Not a Freak' in Bio. This will be sadddd. 
Nobody connected on gmail... Am I the only one to work today ? 
I'm so mad at myself. I fell asleep during Terminator Salvation. Missed forty minutes of the movie. And NOW I'm wide awake 
Stoopid cough.  Am going to the Dr today 
@Am_I_Wry That's true, us men can't do that! lol Don't know if i like that pickie, Twitter doesn't like my others 
@awollenberg Oh that's a nightmare  Am surprised at FireFox, although have had couple of minor probs w/ it lately myself.
Do not like crows - crows are bad - crows are evil. Why did it have to fly in front of me at face level? Am I doomed? 
(on Deepak Chopra's Why Is God Laughing): I'm not laughing. I'm not even impressed. 266k wasted 
NOOOOO! The blue Coke glasses are finished! No more stock! Am so depressed i didn't even order from Maccas   
Am trying to get through the pilot of the first season of friday night lights. Oh gosh  Pass the tissue...
Am stuck at twitterfox...Nothing else loading... 
@dancohen Very cool. Am a huge Zotero fan, but it doesn't work on my new mac 
Am I a b*tch for this one--&gt; Sometimes I feel.. like.. when I walk outside, that people are too lame for me to talk to.  So'wrry!
Half Term almost over.  Am now thinking about what work I have to do...
3 Am by Busted. Absolutely love it. Gosh, how i wish they didn't break up 
Am like Libra supposedly  Not good. - What is your REAL Zodiac sign?  http://bit.ly/19PbMI ?
Am I the only person thats doing nothing at 10:05pm on a Saturday? Boohoo! 
@ermadea Manky pants! Cheeky Bint! You cheered up yet or the blob still  squeezing your hormones?! ;) Am sad actually..feeling lonely 
@KarlMarxBeard Not sure I'll be able to make the con  Am about to become penniless student; timings v. complicated, and not promising.
SO glad Subo  didn't win BGT! Am very sunburnt after spending too long on the beach yesterday-ouch! 
Alas, I have failed to do computering today. Much reading of Color and watching TV. A very lazy day overall. Am disappointed in myself. 
Another gorgeous day. I may have a go at the garden. Am sunburnt from yesterday. Ouch! 
@Calypso2 Am fine thanks - going brown at last. No celebrations here  but wasn't a bad match. Spending time outdoors - and you?
 Am 100 quids poore...lost bet with my sister for BGT winner. Damn! why did they win? But honestly! they really deserve to win, anyways!
@Am_I_Wry That's not so good 
@Glinner That's a shame  Have been stuck indoors myself up until now... Am now off up to the allotment to commune with nature...
@vene2ia Am back for a few days,maybe a week!Have posted some pics of flinders ranges as pretty amazing.Marree itself is not much 
Am I the only person freaking out about the shortage of Aquafresh Whitening? Everywhere I go it's out of stock 
Am now making 'Can You Guess the Sound?' idents. This is crap. I'd much rather be outside in the sun. 
@esoteric_vae Poor you  Am thinking of you, all cooped up! Do you want to thread or anything, for entertainment?
Missing photographing Propagandhi (can't get back to LA). Am sad 
Am trying to understand Math for my exam on Wed!! 
Urgh... totally feeling the effects of Jetlag - Am exhausted! 
Gym closed  GRR!! Never mind, will go tomorrow  Am re-doing my roots and continuing my play-writing instead :&quot;&gt; x
Am loving loving loving the gorgeous weather, but not at the expense of my Lupins and Wisteria which seem to be wilting somewhat 
@beatricetan timbre! I haven't been to timbre before! Wait. Am I invited  screw it. Self invite!
Am too excited about Download  Don't wanna wait a whole 8 days 4 hours and 58 minutes 
HELLO. Am I on my own in the Twitterverse?  
&quot;P.S. judging from the comments below, it's beginning to look like a love affair!&quot; -=- A Love Affair!? No WAY! I'm not a good lover  ...
@moirarogersbree I know!  Am I geek enough that I wanted to create a d20 world for one of my WIPs? The link in your tweet's not working 
Am googling Airborne side effects.  Alas, it seems my symptoms are attributable to the virus I'm fighting, not the medicine 
Am very nervous.  Do not want to be starving all day as I was yesterday.  
Husband had to leave again  Feeling blue. Am missing him a lot more than usual; the way we used to miss each other in hi school. Sigh...
Am getting some kind of sore throat thing.  Considering not going to knitting tomorrow. Don't know if I'm sick, and I'd hate to spread it.
@fountain1987 And im going2miss u on tv.  Am following @Dynamomagician. He is awesome! Ta4recommending! X
Am in zurich. Sunny weather but set to change this weekend. Bummer 
 its raining. Damn Manchester weather! Am trying to decide whether to cycle home or not
Philsoophy and Ethics #2 COMPLETE! Am off to relax and unwind....I miss the sunshine. Lousy London. 
Am off. To bed  gnat bite rapidly taking over body , size of small mammal now ouch ..... It hurts ;( night all x x
@BrandyNichol ok I feLt u up untiL the UGGS part  u know I ROCz them w/ erithang! Am I in vioLation?? But they're so comfy! LOL
@geekmama Ooooh, enjoy! Am with you on the tweezers, but I lost my favourite Rubis pair 
Am I the only one NOT going to eastern europe this year? 
Only In Frm Wrk I'm A Bit Bored Wif Nufin 2 Do N Cnt Sleep 
Am back from Kruger, miss it already, lol. BUT, off to see my &quot;kids&quot; for a cpl hrs  before I have to get on a plane to the Cape, Bleh 
@seanchoe hehe, how's everything? Hummm... Am got bored.. 
Am I the only one who enables Request-Fights on SFIV? &gt; Fkn-BS! Slowly adapting to the stick(getting better!) No online wins yet 
Am I the only one where Twitter is being really lame?? Maybe it's my Comp... 
Am I the ONLY person who hasn't seen Max's new hair?? 
Am worried. Nothing is going in. All I have is lyrics from The Maccabees songs going around my head. AHH 
not yet done with my job analysis  deadline is few hours from now. Am DEAD.
Am talking to the #TiVo docs now, last chance is probably a PSU transplant. Trying to decide how aggressive to be with treatment.... 
Am I the only person to have missed the feel good factor in Slumdog Millionaire?  Made me cry 
Am at a wedding with wife and daughter! Nice for a Saturday night. Don't know anybody though  http://twitpic.com/6rfx9
OMG! Just discovered my Outlook calendar does not hold one-off entries more than six-months old! Am in shock. Lucky I keep a paper diary 
@joshtastic1 Oh I dunno,,I couldnt explain this morning what was wrong with me...just felt really down  Am much better now tho  X
Am endlessly unhappy about flying on a Sun. a.m. for work. Sorry if you're watching @lpearson but there it is. 
See? Im pissed that im missing Paramore when they come to VA.   god I wish this guy would go the hell away. I. Hate. Him. &gt;:|
I've been watching I Am Legend so much lately and ALWAYS cry when he has to...take care of Samantha. Also: I am so sunburnt. 
Am I going to hell for saying Gay Pride makes me puke a little in my mouth? So commerical. What happened? No revolution. 
@djIED Argh I know  But it also finally means that my sleeping habits will conform to what society considers 'normal'. Am nocturnal here.
OMG,  I have to go out to work in this torrential rain. Am going to get drenched. 
Hufff.. Am sitting down here, all alone, boring, waiting, still 3 half hour to go.. Sigh.. 
Am still in bed, have never had a lie in this long. Maybe I'm a bit down because of not being able to get the pier shots for the video 
How do people find the time to Tweet? Am jealous  and @DitaVonTeese - don't moan - it's about 3 billion times better than my best days...
 thunder and lightning. One Thing I Am Scared Of. Even Bear Is Scared
@akanina2 I know!   Am putting out the word I want tix &amp; hoping for a miracle! Might go 2 theatre on nite of show &amp; see if any1 is sellng.
going to a 9Am Stunt team meeting, on SUNDAY! 
@Dojie Harsh lol! Oh I see Joshie has forgotten me as well, only gone a day! Am I ANYONE'S fave now? 
Also &quot;Holy Lance&quot; sounds like &quot;Holy Glans&quot;. Am I perverted? 
rtTallgiraffe71Am rooting for Yasmina, but I think Kate is going to get it. Same here 
Okay where r the Magic fans? Am I one of only a few? 
@MaryBDanielson  Am DVRing!! But still didn't catch first hour. 
Am soooooo sick! Have been in bed all day 
Heh. I need to twitter more often. Am frustrated by inability to locate IO Echo CD 
Am going to complete PR essay and readings tonight. Cannot bloody afford to be lazy anymore 
@Narshada Some kind of heinous migrane/sinus/toothache interface. Not impressed. Am home and full of meds. 
Am NOT looking forward to going the tube 
Am I too obsessed about @JodiAlbert? Like I'm to obsessed about @MarkusFeehily, aww this is not good 
Gawsh perfection at its finest! Ha! traumatic?! Am stupid!  my eyes r soo happy tho, cant say tha same for.. got to get ova! Done an done!
CaN't BeLiEvE i Am BaCk To ScHoOl FoR tHe SuMmEr............. 
Am enjoying Cali but wish I was celebrating a Flag Football championship with my team 
Bugger! Eyes keep falling shut.  Am going to be so late at work today. Don't think I'll shave today to save some time. Again...
Ought to be ogling the fantastic Mr. Darcy and the boys right now. Am I being punished by the universe for too much weekend fun? BOO. 
@NinaDi Nothing shows up when I visit your links. And I can't find the photos in the index.  Am I doing it wrong?
@Sayamelon Too late! I'm the loser who filled in first. Am I un-cool now? 
@verofofo Hmm...got the brown sugar and ice, no vodka or lime though.  sounds yum, anyway! Am loving this new world of cocktails 
@Am_Real HEY!  Y'all have that key?  I only have the top key   C'est la vie.  It left us with a great story!
Argh. Am experiencing a rather shit migraine at work. It hurts to look at anything in motion right now 
OK OK OK I know I am sooo late right but I heard Ego four times yesterday and it got stupider everytime I heard it. Am I a hater? 
Accidently deleted Will and Grace from Sky+.  Totally knackered! Am going to watch Project Catwalk then have a wii.
Does she really care about me? Am I being boring? IDK, I just want her back... i love u, but I wanna know wats wrong 
Watching I Am Legend with Dad and Nick. Still not getting other people's updates 
Am bored.... Just got home from work and nothing to do 
Am feeling missrable as im having side effects from my medication for my joint probs! Look's like my pill's will be changed again 
Am back home feeling so dizzy &amp; nauseous  Tried eating sour plum and drinking cups of water , still the same -.- How to continue my art??
Am hot, sweaty, exhausted, hungry, soaking wet and muddy. Oh, and I've got a blister. Would've expected more from Hunter wellies. 
Ok ok I'm awake. But it's raining and thus crappy out and the house needs cleaned.  Can I go back to bed? PS. No dnd tonight. Am sad.
is feeling down today. My man is in AK 4 work for 3 mos. I miss him so much. Am tired today, and 1 of my twins woke up running a fever. 
Am feeling so Sad .. I need to have a job urgent ... 
Hate how not sleeping well can mess up my ENTIRE day.  How did I ever do the no sleep nights in college?  Am i getting old? Only 32.  
Follow Me People. I Am New Here And Need Some Followers. I Am Lonely   x
@AzrielleLorin Hey, what about me? Am I popular too? 
@madfabriholic They had goats in Bible Park a couple weeks ago, chomping around the perimeter. Very cool. Am listening to 2 mowers now. 
Am feeling nauseous, so eating a lime... Maybe those fries along with that granola smoothie didn't mix well 
@pat Am nevertheless ashamed.  Would've liked to see her if I'd known in advance.
Annoyed w/the boy. Am i really that bad 2 spend time with? I don't think so. But that's just my POV. Whatevs. 
Sorry for repeating myself: Riding a train to Hamburg that early sucks! Am TIRED 
Morning Dudes &amp; Dudettes! Am running l8  must be speedy, need time to hit up Starbucks - can't do meeting without proper coffee hit! ;)
@charitorae Yea, I tried keepin' it real recently... I felt like they were laughing at me, too.  Am I really that alone w/ pressed vinyl?
@sfgirl Yeah, I read that online, too. Am sadzies. I like[d] Postrio. 
@pleasedonteatjo bananas make you parp? Btw nice holiday blog. Am jealous. I'm going to... Err... Work this summer 
Am still thinking of the &quot;only-in-my-dreams-will-I-own-it&quot; E71. Sigh 
HELP: can anyone suggest songs for &quot;Evolution of Dance&quot;. Am thinking from egyptian to modern hiphop. But, I got no songs. 
Watchin katie nd peter: The Next Chapter in ma room. Am seriously mad tht those guys split up. They were so good together 
Am feeling really sad coz @benjern said I look like Whoopi Goldberg... I don't right?!?? I look absolutely NOTHING like her!!!!  *tear*
Am totally zonked. Early morning start.  Night fellow Twitterati.
Tried playing CS:S again...Am not PRO anymore... 
And my train is stuck in the middle of nowhere in a very dark area at 6 Am!! So much for leaving early.. 
My WP StatPress and Google Analytics for http://su.pr/2p0kNz don't agree.  Pouty face Am I super awesome or super loser? I choose awesome.
@Beccarghxx Am doin gud lol cnt do this work and OMG last episode of supernatual dis week 
Have been sooo busy! Am terribly excited for BBQ at Bre's tonight! However, not excited to be awake right now 
@VIP_STATUS Hmmm Dont know yet.. Prolly stay home   Am taking a time out from ma social life for right now...
@Twilighter19 Rally!?! Ive missed out again?  Am just watchin Mamma Mia!
@strawberrysgirl Oh shit, mang, I forget!  Am still trying to remember how old my account has to be to send Neomail. 
@leprcn I saw that! Yeah, did you get the email I sent a couple months ago asking you about it? Am I going into your junk mail?  
Am craving sweet&amp;sour salsa BBQ Peeps. Do they sell Peeps when it isn't near Easter?  
watching I Am Sam. So sad 
Am i a bad person if I do not respond to causes, n other stuff like that on FB? Sorry, it feels the same as receiving 'junk mail' 
@Loiscarter Thank you!! Am very nervous as first 10K ever and I am not a natural runner 
@FredDurst - just saw footage of the Rock Am Ring 2009 .  Really regret not being able to see the show in Berlin.. 
I can't wait to go back to work full duty, Am I a little messed up to enjoy 12+ hour days? Too bad it's two months away 
Am very upset (!) as I can't seem to locate my Labyrinth DVD anywhere! Really fancied watching Bowie sing in some tight leather trousers 
Watching I Am Legend. Such a sad movie 
@PatriotRose Am skeptical about my ability to help people inside Iran via Twitter. Feel like a distant pixel flickering pointless rage. 
Uh-oh. Am feeling distinctly unwell, in a colonised by virus sort of way. 
Am still waiting for the ringing in my left ear to go away!! Idk which is worse, the actual ringing, or not being able to put in work 
First leg of journey done - waiting at Didcot for leg 2. Am v cold 
Ok, the key to my front door that I just had cut won't work again. Am I seriously considering sleeping in my car right now? Yes. 
@amazondotjon Why are you suddenly not following ANYONE anymore?  Am I late to realizing this as well?
@sarahlouiseoxo am not at college tomoz!!! Woohoo!! Am babysitting tho.  Neva mind I'll get some money for it hehe
Hmm... I believe that the silence is telling... Am I going to be disappointed?  #dilemma
Blahh so sick  Am I on 4000mg/day of augmentin? Yes, yes I am. Eff yew sinuses. Quickly visiting the doggie hotel with Mom for Cody!
OMG! Will.I.Am over reacting much? He/his manager beat up Perez Hilton for saying something Perez said about their cd  not cool
What is this? Am I as stupid as I think I am? Someone scratched my door at Blockbuster.  4 minutes ago from web
@BamaIsMe I Dont know   ...Am weak and dont have an appetite to eat. Hate feeling like this tho.
lol, Perez Hilton called Will.I.Am's manager a faggot... Where is the love?? 
Am i Saying Something Wrong to You Honey ...? Im sorry 
Am I the only one forgetting to check the &quot;from&quot; box with the new Tweetdeck?  Sheesh 
Am fed up, feeling very sorry for myself about how hard I'm working. Then feeling guilty because my team is working twice as hard 
New hire orientation?  More like BORING-entattion.  Am I right?  ... ... ... ... Guys?  
New hire orientation?  More like BORING-entation.  Am I right?  ... ... ... ... Guys?  
OMG. Hellblazer complete to Issue #240 = 3 GB w just 7 seeds! Am I kidding myself? It's probably never going to download. Sadness 
@ClareEH Looking forward to seeing you too. No coffee time on sat though. Am on a close 
Im just upset. Feeling very unloved from the ppl i love most.. Like Brother.. 
Am I the only one that didn't go see Transformers 2 today? Damn, I'm kinda jelly 
Going back to B's nest tonight. Am really afraid things wont be the same like before.  On the bright side, I can finally play my Sims3!!
Am sick  Looking like a zombie too. Scary.
@ChefCindi ohh dbl date sounds fun! Have a blast. I think dinner is doable. Am trying to figure the sleep portion. I have overnights 
Am So Tired  Yesterday Was Soo Good :L
Dear Louise Rennison, pls to be writing more Georgia. *begs* Am so bereft knowing that was the last one 
@tweetdiane But didn't have any memory left for One Song &amp; when I showed her the 1st 2 she asked 2 watch One Song.   I'm a failure lol
Going to the dentist this am-I have 2 teeny cavities.  I don't even remember the last time I had cavities. Am NOT looking forward to it!
Massive Royal Mail fail - Wolf Am I sleeves confirmed lost in the post. MANY pop apologies to people waiting for pre-orders... so sorry 
Am so tired now! On the way home. Didn't manage to get a phone case I liked. 
@LonelyBob Thank you! Am at home pretty much everywhere. Provided I have broadband ...kiddin' 
@omg_pichu Oh my, who's fighting? *Randomly punches someone in the face* Am I winning? 
Am currently learning God Knows on Drums 
@garymurning Am on such a high,realising how good I am at my job &amp; leading my girls. Very proud of them 
@Fil_Am Hey! Awesome Web site! 
@StephanieFrank Is twitter just another addiction? Am I going to need therapy to control my twitter addiction? Hmmmm 
@redrobinrockn Nah.. Am channel surfing the tv on a rather warm sunday morning in mumbai 
Retweet: @redrobinrockn Nah.. Am channel surfing the tv on a rather warm sunday morning in mumbai  http://tinyurl.com/c8ydsf
Am I happy?? Yes. Why?? Secret 
@DonnieWahlberg All I'm gonna say is..SB. 5 star. Group A. BJS!!!!  Love it!
@PaulCarterJr You should put a @ before my name so people can click it and follow... Am I pushing my luck? 
Am attempting work.. First tweet for a few days.. Hellooo.  Spinning, my head is spinningg.. this song is not good for concentrating :/
@MediaQuire Hello you!! How are ya?? Yes, I am working weekends as well. Am doing intuitive readings, sometimes coupled with Tarot cards 
@twowheelgeek Very fun. Walked around a LOT! Am totally exhausted. 
Hello!!! Am loving life at the moment  oxoxoxox hope everyone is well 
Am early! Despite trains being their usual shambles! Tubes were fine though!! Waiting for agent to arrive and buy me coffee! 
@khodges2 there hair is Au Naturel! God's gift. Am sure the server can handle Oprah 
Am gonna help the Doc with her cause and support the healthy. Get on the train people! 
I am just getting use to twitter. Am I brave enough to join tweet deck?  Another new thing to get use to..Ok... Deep breath &amp; dive in!  
@nikperrng @pierce67 @SpiralSkies Thanks  Yes, is very exciting. Am staring at image on screen trying to imagine it on a book in my hands!
Am so touched that @nadinekahlon mentioned me in her latest blog post! *blushing* http://www.thedivashandbag.blogspot.com/ Thx hon!  
@ZanolaCoSTL Just pick any blog post you can find and do everything it says. They all work like magic, right? Am I too cynical? 
@PINKstarLITE Yay! Am so glad u on here!  Awwww, just 2 more sleeps &amp; then MWAH MWAH MWAH! lol lucky, girl!
@Lostgirl66 Yes, lol. Re my book, haven't got name for it yet. Am trying to think of one 
Morning all. Just out of the shower having coffee! Am on call this morning so have really been awake since 8am  Nice day tho 
What are all the tourists doing here? Am I in Milano or Roma? Feels like. 
@BelindaLee Yeah I can only imagine  Am looking forward to the papers tomorrow morning!
@jeanreiki thank u, Jean. Am glad to see you all after so many months!  rocks!! Sorry for been bad host, too many ppl! Fainted*
@Nonicam Hehe, thank you. Am loving it too! 
Am just hearing Pause for Thought. Forgot the gentleman's name but he talked about Twitter - and our need to be constantly heard. 
Am on my way down to london. Woo yay and hoopla!  playing rhythm paradise on DS but i suck at it!
Fun weekend with Herc and I think I'm cold-free! Hubby picked me up with Chinese food in tow. Am I spoiled rotten or what? 
@scottiejen Good luck Jen, all the best  Am sure it will be fine 
Am good thanks, what's Miami saying? How come u wrote to me? 
@McMedia husband is golfing &amp; the Toddler and I shall frolic. Am I the consummate mama in that Im so happy with my day? 
Am having a terrible mother's day. Woke up sick, missed Mass, and it's raining. #pityparty 
Scored a bluetooth speaker thing at Meijer marked down from $70 to $14.  Am plying Pandora from my phone with it!  Awesome!  #fb
A direct message from someone seriously made me VERY happy.  *sigh* Am I in love?
@BrokenSword @To_The_Moon Thank you  Am drinking iced water with lemon and trying to focus on doing some work to take my mind off it.
@frombecca A FANTASTIC cause, thanks for the notification! Am now a follower  ?
@sandybanks Oooh nice! I've never had/made Hasselback Potatoes before. Am gonna try to cook some up one day 
Go0dmorning. Just got out of bed , about to cook breakfast. KInda lazy this Am...but hopefully I snap out of it. 
@alexakim Heh, come on up.  Jenny loves company (better odds on treats).    Am out more than in right now, mowing back yard and more
Going to bed now!  First day of summer classes start tomorrow! Why are my 7:30am classes' English and Math? Am I crazy? Pray for me! 
@Chris_Noble Have you gone out for a Playboy convention, or do you just &quot;know&quot; people? lol Am extreeeemly jealous 
June hols are nearing! yaya! Didn't see Sonica in school today..D; Am relaxing with a glass of lemonadee. 
@unabanana you sick now una?? Poor thing! Rest well. Hey, Am going to see angels n demons tonight 
@Spotify Tell me about it! Am having to cram 5 days into a 1.5-day week! Good luck 
@Isa_Buttercup I'm in the same boat! Am currenlty looking for flats, dread tellin the mother!! Good luck though, hope it goes well  x
@TVXQUKnow : Hello YunHo, How're you going?  I just wanna ask s.questions: what does your friendship look like?  Am I stupid if I keep ...
There is a morning and I am awake in it, thanks to Adam's propensity to get up at 7am. Have choc muffin. Am still happy. 
@MarcFearns LOL! I have to have brunch first. Well done on your bike ride.  Am impressed
@WomenCan A bit tired today. Waited nearly 6 hours for flight today. Am at a Melb station awaiting train. Bed in my sights 
@kellyronayne I did indeed! Day off, chocolate and movie. Am going to do some sewing now.  Thanks!
Part two!    Hahahahahaha. What the. Am I enjoying? :o
@Jeff_isChill Is that another strike?  Am I gonna get punished?
Am I the only mom who gets a thrill when her kids stay up late to read? I LOVE it when they can't put a book down 
ROAR!!! Readin time.  Bought a girly teen book the other day. Am enjoying it a lot to my surprise. 
The script is awsome!!! Hmph so bored. Am happy that I meet you 2night at starrbucks!! Txt me. 
