Most common words for this cluster:
[('am', 230), ('i', 15), ('today', 12), ('day', 12), ('amp', 11), ('time', 10), ('tomorrow', 9), ('work', 7), ('quot', 7), ('days', 7), ('sun', 6), ('got', 6)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Am', 0.9819029569625854), (u'Orthop_Clin_North', 0.648967981338501), (u'Psychiatr_Clin_North', 0.6371314525604248), (u'J_Surg_Pathol', 0.6272904276847839), (u'J_Prev_Med', 0.6221495866775513), (u'Med_Clin', 0.6189587116241455), (u'J_Kidney_Dis', 0.6082086563110352), (u'Mark_Pawuk_Grand', 0.6036970019340515), (u'Are', 0.6028600931167603), (u'J_Hum_Genet', 0.5885734558105469)]





@carobode i'm starting to have an headache too.. Am @ school &amp; i'm so sleepy  got work 2 do this AM?
Got sucked into a movie last night. Am paying for it now in tiredness... and this is my long work day, too 
Am trying to figure out how DD got 40 followers...  upset is not the word
Am drinking soda for the first time in...several months? o.O; Aha, no sugars either. Doesn't make me feel less guilty, though. *sigh* 
Today is so pretty and I don't even feel like leaving out of the house...Am I in a funk? Me no likey 
Am bk in Uni 2mora  deadline rs arriving n times flying by i wish everything wud slow down so i can enjoy the time lft xxx
on twitter, msn and tinternet all at once, crazy! Am missing Wales after 3 days  oh well. am looking forward to mcfly concert on tuesday!
@Zofia_C  total sham if you ask me.. the whole race  Am gitted by the result 
@DazzleMeThis I live in York  Am in perth now tho lol
Am I the only one that can't watch the football  I hate Holland!
Been in the car since half 5 this morning. Am still in the car DAMMIT 
Sleep over at Josh's house because he INSISTS on us watching I Am Legend   work at 7 yuck... more money yay! :]
Am now on my aNnual rendezvous @ Sentosa. But no, not at siloso beach resort. 
@PaulaMacKay Am choking into tea cup, thinking abt teens gardening! Glasgow a tad too far away, alas 
Am home laying down with the Flu 
Am  now the 5th wheel in the family... Go me.  uugghhh.
Am watching Twilight for the first time. Am just as disappointed as wolverine. But at least wolverine had Gambit 
Wit my new job, I will not be able to watch The View or Canada Am 
Just watched episode 3x03 of Primeval. OMGWTFBBQ?!?!?  Am not sure I want to watch the rest of the season now. 
Am I alone in this? Exited the stock mkt at a big loss, planned to reinvest at a deeper low, and woke up to find the mkts have doubled! 
Awake. Am definitely going back to sleep soon. Bedroom is cave-like again. Can't resist it. Alex is going to turn the light on thought. 
Am so exhausted gotta b at work at 8 tommorow  can't sleep in..gonna b bustin my ass off till 5 get money!!! Night ya all
Nice to tweet everyone, even though no-one has tweeted back!! Story of my poor little life!! Am going now   (Am joking really)
Am not feeling so well. Starbucks gave me the wrong drink which isn't sitting well on my stomach 
Arrrrrrrgggggggghhhhhhhhh! Am switching off radio now. Am feeling very very depressed! Horrid week! 
Watched Event Horizon again. Am fucking terrified. I don't want to be alone 
@Am4UNC me and @hotmomamy found we like earth fare but its costly to eat organice 
Am getting ready to go back to Dallas 
Been coding all weekend. Am wrecked even before the week has started 
GM quit   Am sad now.
@Nadia1977 50/50 chance with the flu jab..depends on the individual. I never get it tho. Am off to A&amp;E now to test for malaria 
Meeting with my dissertation adviser at 2 v.nervous. Am I on the right track? 3 days till essays due 5 till exam 10 till Uni is all over 
Just said goodbye to Gill. Am sad now 
Am hating my life at the moment. There's only so many NOs my delicate little mind can take 
@getape I had bad net issues on Weds so couldn't broadcast  Am on tonight tho... tune in for new anthems and bad mixing!
@Mitchelmusso: Am sad i got no money on my phone. Ahh well  lly Mitchel xx
@Mitchelmusso: Am getting upset listening to the say now  I want to speak to you Mitchel but my darn phone got no money on x
Am listening to Darren Hayes's Spin. Am talkin to my wacky friend who's going insane. I ain't at all tired and I'm messed up bout things. 
Am I pmsing?? Cause I am almost in tears about the ice cream thing. I rly rly wanted ice cream! And I can't eat it cause I hate it! 
&lt;-- G'bye Second Year old self. Am about to replace my patch. 
Loving the bright mornings! Am off to the beach later and am in search of the biggest Ice cream! my flake fell of the last one 
Am in Buckinghamshire to play at a wedding. Missing the bilingual road signs 
@Tula_NDubz ah am so jealous! Am at work starin at the sun out the store window!  lol
Am jealous dad is eating out in Shanghai tonight and I am freezing and stressing out here. 
Am sat in car on way to gig trying so hard not to be sick. God this is horrid  Stuck in traffic too
Am I the only one left that doesnt like Football, BGT, or not that fussed about burning myself to a crisp in the sun? 
Am i not able to be like. Cus i know im perfect eye candy 
Listening to Ciccilleju's &quot;Martina&quot;. Brings me so many memories! 2004! *nostalgia*. Even Candytron by kb kicks in. Am I that old already? 
Sittin n empty school prkg lot  Where r all the peeps? Am I late so often that I must b lied to and told it starts a half hour b4 it did?
Am I a pessimist? Cause I'm scared, really. 
@Am_Wa i'm not doin too well  i think i caved too soon
Am I the only one who can not tolerate noisy neighbors who are so inconsiderate they feel you must listen to their sorry music  at 2AM? 
Withnessn one of the Emotional handing over ceremony ever. Am sobbn 
One of the young residents of Puppyville not feeling well today.   Am going to miss dancing weatherman's shindig! Double 
@LaurenConrad  Am gutted you are leaving the hills!! Won't be the same  xx
Am missing BGT already 
I stabbed myself today...Shawna laughed at me   (Am I really going to marry this girl in  month lol?!)
@tvsmike ugh - no MAC discs came with it. Am I out of luck? He was a friend but I've lost contact so no password 
Recorder did not record Merlin properly. I don't understand why it didn't work. Am very sad 
Am I really still sick? Cool 
@Bosun_McShiny  Am looking at possible universities, but the ones I wanna go to are all too expensive  how r u? ur day getting any better?
@irtimaled @garyshort Am I meant to have done something and forgotten about it?? I'm sorry  Sun gives me 'brain like a sieve' syndrome ...
@bchesnutt how did you get to meet TR and the band???  Am so jealous 
Am not a big fan of confined spaces. Dislike it when the ac is switched on whilst in a car. Windows rolld up 
@Karen230683 it's horrid. Am in same boat 
Am supposed to be reviewing for Geo but I have done all my review and all my notes are at home. 
Cut the feet of a pair of pantyhose to make them look like leggings under a short skirt. Am in selfhate but it don't look so bad... 
Am now sittin on the train on way to work  stil only 9 workin days til Magaluf
@pete_c I wouldn't know. Am stuck in an office. Bah!!! 
Am missin C Twenny Phor 
Am still in shock about the Air france disaster..............sad.....its got me thinking  all day..... 
Am ajuns in camera mea, obositsi stresat.  Maine sper sa terminam treaba
Am looking forward to ANOTHER doctors appointment tomorrow...When i find out what's wrong with me  I bet it's nothing. Stupid blood tests.
It's my Dad's birthday!! Am wondering where he's spending his birthday today? I hope his not alone! 
the version of Zotero I tried ignores the engineering sciences (in bib formats etc.)  Am waiting 4 its updation re: http://ff.im/3xHTz
@AAA_Amerah aw. That sucks, Am. 
@catfacehorse @swingdag oh I'm at workshops tomorrow....Level 2 though. Am not going tonight 
Am told dress code for watching tennis at Queen's next w-end is &quot;smart casual&quot;.  I never know what that means.  But no big hat I assume 
Am so pissed off at my counsellor and her assistants. They keep on changing my appointment times.  Compulsory sessions somore wtf.
Am home... full of stew and enjoying the greenness of countryside. Cat is looking shabby and very old 
@victoryathand Beer Olympics?  Am I invited ? 
@One_Bloody_Poet Am I supposed to pick up the lines now? I don't know em well enough yet. 
@Anise76 @saronti Am I the only sober person on here tonight? 
@ericDshannon Basenji's not listed. Am sad  they're super smart but only obedient when they want to be, most folk don't seem to like that
@AnalogAmy Carling is a popular lager so I guess many people out there yearn for that unique flavouring. Am I odd for not liking it? 
Taking L to the airport as she is flying off to Prague for a few days. Am very sad not to be going with her 
@seanchoe humm... Am workin part time for BlackBerry, n today i got the place so boring, nothing here..makes me bcome so sleepy.. 
No matter how many times i watch I Am Legend, i still cry when sam dies 
Am without my mac  Left it in cos it has a couple of small cracks on the casing and am going to london tomorrow.
@neuronu_visator Prea obosit... Tot incerc sa dorm sa fiu fresh mai pe seara da nu merge; Am ales calea mai usoara, am facut comanda 
looks like my Kizzy will be okay, so am mighty relieved, missing her though  Am exhausted after work. Going feeding others then going bed.
Little Monster is in the bath now but he's off to bed soon. A short WoW session and then bed for us too! Am expecting another 5.30 start 
Trying really hard to stay upbeat &amp; positive, but feeling really down tonight. Am exhausted after DS's party &amp; struggling with DH's mood 
how can I just switch on the TV and witness the moment of Pratt's death!  That episode should be banned. Am babysitting
Dad wants me to tell my grandma about coming home next year. I don't know if i can today. Am so nervous 
Watching I Am Legend. I love will smith! Reminds me of my daddy who I miss 
1 month in mumbai is a long long time  Am gonna miss Coimbatore and my morning walk 
Am drinking tongerlo blonde in the now sunny Grand 'Place. French bulldog next to me wants to make friends but his peeps say non 
Am worried about how much DD3 ate for lunch. I have a feeling it's all coming back 
Am feeling horrid. Nose is burning, eyes watering, body sore. Am already in bed 
@FizzleW Am going to see it tomorrow. Heard its pretty pointless 
Obviously You DO NOT belong with me.In the end of the story the prince leaving with the princess, NOT with Cinderella!Am I right? 
Am still pissed off over the Northern results. I hate not being old enough to vote  I probably care more than some people who can do so!
@CayCuz definitely need a book club in my life!!! Am I too far in Philly???? 
Am devastated the weekend is over its gone soooo fast!!!  bt Ibiza in 2 weeks!!!  x x
Am I greedy if I want the new iPhone, a blackberry and the Samsung HapticPop phone all at the same time? 
Am awake ( sort of) after bad, unsettled night. Antibiotics and methorexate not a good mix 
Am slightly concerned that Mat's exhibiting flu-like symptoms with our holiday a mere four days away. 
Am so not getting enough sleep. In bed by 12:42am &amp; up by 4:59am. (Waking up once @ 3:58) That's 4 hours &amp; 17 minutes of sleep. 
Apparently Lady Gaga was in sg. Am heartbroken. 
*whimpers* I'm losing followers! Why? Why? Am I too boring now? It's not my fault I'm all alone in Denali 
Am back from Dr's,  I was allergic to the butterfly stitches and the hypoallergenic plaster 
@SueRK Am I the only one missing out?  - bloody glad about that, although I've noticed they're attacking via Skype now as well 
Am trying to fit all this physics theory into my feeble and low-capacity brain. Exam in two days 
Am following Iranian student who was planning to attend rally &amp; has now not updated for 21 hrs - I'm worried  #iranelection
Am fuming!!! Am logging off now before I Tweet something venomous which I later regret.  Grrrrrrrr.  
Am outside, showered and plants are watered. Sun gone behind a cloud and wind has picked up a bit. 
Am very jealous that while I'm sat at home revising for a bloodyTextiles GCSE, my brother's off in France. 
Am I the only one having problems downloading the new TweetDeck upgrades? It doesn't want to work and gives me a 'fail' error. 
Am not convinced all my @NameCheap points are on the board 
@Corabell23 Am I a freak if I tell you I cried? It's unbelievable what Mark has done to BLers 
Am watching some Family Guy, cos I can't sleep 
Wisdom-tooth-surgery knocked me out on monday.. Am still recovering from the &quot;hamster-look&quot; 
Am soo pleased i have got my mates' laptop fixed but not so pleased there are no more tickets left for Silverstone 
@DonnieWahlberg Sendin huge TWUG to you!! &amp; to evry1 else who needs a TWUG! Am more than happy to rcv TWUG bk-hubby away so need sum TLC 
Am experiencing Murphy's Law at every turn this morning. 
@yeban damn it. Am I the only one left to work with the girls that are no different from the ones we find at KGP. 
@Am1rah, not yet. Sadly.  I had to restart because my SAVE file got corrupted. T_T
Am I the only person here that doesn't have an Iphone??? 
Why is it the harder you try not to cry the more you do cry? Am I the only one? Oprah is so sad today 
Am I the only one who fears that anything new from Blink182 just won't beat out their old stuff? 
Am I the only one thats sad that virtual wi-fi adapters still haven't 'appeared' in Windows 7, even though they're built in? 
Am frantic. have 8am flight to Brisbane tomorrow, havent packed, have 3 loads of washing and work to do. Son sick with 39 degree temp now 
I'm so pissed right now  Am I going to lose all my contacts after this restore???? AHHH. Going to take a shower.. 
Am annoyed I have to work tmoz, when I can be at big bro with the lovley Davina!! 
Am annoyed I have to work tmoz, when I can be at big bro with the lovely Davina!! 
Ex's house broken into...they can't find my cat. Am very worried. 
 My friends come back from stalking the cast af Merlin tomorrow, they got to hug and talk to them! Am jealous! 
Coldest day in the office and I forgot my jacket. Am going to freeze to death 
Getting ready to go to my first AA meeting since getting out of hospital.  Am quite nervous actually   #tweetni
Am sick  after coming from my first week in Med School, is it H1N1? Stress? or my immune system is just shakened up!
TGIF!! A relaxing weekend ahead. Am not looking forward to Father's day though.   Am feeling tired and needing coffee!
Am waiting for sleep to takeover me.. Gotta wake up early tml.. 
http://twitpic.com/7tx75 - Ne-a batut @buddhabar la whist  Am iesit pe locul 2.
@Ghostwriter1988 Am jealous!  I wanted to go to Chicago but I just can't afford it atm :'-(
I'm watching I Am Legend alone and I don't like it  not at all !!
* More Verse (SAttP) &amp; SA. Am rediscovering my passion for WS; hadn't realised how much academic study had damaged it 
ok, so this weekend is not going to plan. Tom's dad was rushed to hospital with heart pains today so we canceled. Am worried 
will be moving to Cainta later. I think there's no internet there yet. Am gonna miss doing this  http://plurk.com/p/12b8zm
Completed a 21KM run/job/walk whatever you called it. Am feeling the muscle ache already... Tomorrow may get worst. 
Watching I Am Sam... this movie gets me every time 
is watching I Am Sam, and its breaking my hearttt. 
I'm crying like a baby cause I'm watching I Am Sam... 
There is dog hair all over my coat. Bloody dogs! Am walking around town covered in dog hair 
@forgetcape re spelling rules, I like this one 'I before Am, except after Bovvered?' I'm a bit of a pedant so yes I am - but resigned 
Am de tradus peste 3100 de propozitii din eng in romana pana duminica viitoare. Cine m-a pus.. exact cand incepe Wimbledonul 
@Am_I_Gay wish I could provide you with a real one... 
@Am_I_Gay I'm sorry 
Am so Bored! 
i really wanted to check out her I Am...Tour but sadly i have beach plans  oh but i will be buying the tour DVD when it comes out...
Am so so gutted - weather forecast for Glastonbury has changed - now predicting rain instead of sun - am crying 
Am I too hopeful? Bah I'm always too hopeful. grr 
Am I the only person in all of the world who finds Liam Neeson ridiculously attractive? 
No Klye on Ustream tonite.    Am I corny for enjoyn www.fmylife.com http://myloc.me/4MWp
@cAtdraco okay.  Am I meant to feel stupid now I don't know what's going on? I thought it was Tweetdeck was broken 
By the way... I still can't believe they let Candice go. Am I the only one who's still upset about this? I guess not. 
@LoloGee: At least Grand Prix is a bit of entertainment. Am absolutely freezing &amp; stil waiting 4 summer 2 arrive 
Was worried last night... Am still worried today.... Even if u r right beside me... I still can't help worrying.. 
Am pissed off dialysis went so bad today. Got to go back again tomoz 
@YayaOoh I really can't afford to  Am seeing Evita twice next month and still need to pay my friend back for the tickets.
Am annoyed and disappointed i have to cancel me being a judge at &quot;Express Yourself&quot; event next month 
Am tired. Bit of a rubbish stupid day. Am falling asleep here. Essay &amp; storyboard tomorrow  x
@NickySummer am listening. Drama is folowing us all. Am officially unemployed as of yday. No money, not in the cha ching game no more 
Am thinking about calling social services about our neighbour. At the same time I looked up the no. the boy was lookin up NSPCC 
Feeling a little nauseous after sitting out in the sun... Am I no longer a Miami girl?!  
@Sparkle1980 sounds like a plan and a half! Am free friday, though should really be studying for theory test  or sunday night?
My iPhone 3GS is on backorder!  should have it next week. Am expecting it to change my life - will it?
to my FA friends. Am I kicked out??..lol  I cant access the forums 
I loved transformers (: Am sorry Sarah you missed it 
Am abso shattered today! Hayfever masking as a cold 
@cmogle is there an upgrade? my software update doesn't show  @futurescape Am on 10.4.11 but Safari 4.0 isnt behaving.
@MISTERMORALES 7th day 2day ... am motivated!!! No cigarette. Drinking lots of water... Am missing it though... a bit  What abt u??
@Omgitstheb nah we didn't  I've emailed Claire and she's gonna see if they can get cancelled. Sweeet! Am I still to come today at 2?
Am locked out of my bedroom! wtf! Lucky housewifey @maduck is home to save the day! 
Am back from B&amp;N with a nice little stash. Nothing beats the feeling of buying books. Warm fuzzies 
@Zofia_C  total sham if you ask me.. the whole race  Am gitted by the result 
Cara: Am out at a friends house atm. Really excited about tour starting! I wish i could go with them! lol. I love them!  x
@vivschwarz  Are you free to meet for coffee / brunch next Mon? Am collecting @misterbenji in Honor Oak around 10.30 from haircut 
Wishing my Am a Happy 20th!!!! Out all day &amp; out all night! Can't wait 
Am officially an MBA now ..... 
@NiteshNitesh Am going 2 read Mother's Pride later when I have time so I saved it. Looks very interesting! 
@Maiyab Am checking out your Blip playlist now! I'm sure you'd make a great store though - while earning real kudos &amp; legal free music 
@_elj OK nice one, cheers boss.  Am liking the lack of FCS today.
time for me to go to bed. Am very tired. catch up with you all in a couple of days when I land &amp; recover from flying to Denmark 
Am I the next Blumenthal?! 
Am going to get some tattos when i get paid  Jack
@andistancu Un mesaj de eroare: ForbiddenYou don't have permission to access /photo/3180758.jpg on this server. Am ghicit? 
Am I the only girl who wouldn't fuck Dane Cook? I mean.. blow him.. maybe.. then I could freeze and sell his guppies on ebay. 
Am done with Awareness2! Shall type tomorrow  Now, to read.
@intruth Morrissey's backdrop was a big muscley sailor, nearly as gay as the whole of Eurovision! Am I let off too? 
 Am I feeding the Pig'?
new favorite chord transition? Em to Am. 
Am listening to the dance classic - Underworld, Rez/Cowgirl ... can't be listened to quietly, thankfully neighbours are cool   wooooooooo
Am glad tennis tournaments have planned themselves around my exams. RG ends before exams and Wimbledon starts the day after I get home! 
@Cathubodua Multumesc de sugestie. Am gasit un articol despre Porcupine Tree, formatie pe care am inceput sa o ascult de curand. 
@fabulously Yippy! Am really looking forward to the awesome B/W dress with red sash 
@littlebead Thanks LB! Am I really worthy to be in the same group as @RickyBee?!  xo
One of our customers just called me &quot;young lady&quot;. Am tempted to send him free stuff for life. Made my day 
Am watching @angryaussie 's new TFU video..  http://bit.ly/5hf61  haha chuck rules..  
Am I the only one who *isn't* doing a postal vote! Its quite enjoyable walking to the polling station, flirt with the Clark get a sticker 
