Most common words for this cluster:
[('am', 692), ('time', 155), ('day', 121), ('morning', 99), ('hours', 83), ('night', 73), ('work', 56), ('pm', 41), ('tomorrow', 40), ('days', 37), ('today', 36), ('hour', 36)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'am', 0.795910120010376), (u'day', 0.644661009311676), (u"o'clock", 0.6372419595718384), (u'morning', 0.6230736374855042), (u'Information_www.runforyourlife.com', 0.6079216599464417), (u'noon', 0.5988001823425293), (u'noonish', 0.5969849228858948), (u'TCM_Sat', 0.5955178737640381), (u'ENC_Sat', 0.5949127078056335), (u"'m", 0.593880295753479)]





slept for 11 hours.. had been awake since 5.30am yesterday..  and still i was late for the exam  gotta wake up at 5 tomoro onwards 
after 2am and i'm still sniffling and sneezing. can't sleep. morning is going to come way too early 
@louislucci I usually only sleep 4 hours a night or so.  Going to bed now, have to get up at 5am 
It's 8:40am... I've been awake for nearly 2 hours 
I'm not worried about them cutting my hours down so i start at 10.00am every day...... Except i may have to give up my morning Starbucks 
went to bed at 8pm and now wide awake at 4 am. I don't have to be to work until 8:30. This is going to be a long day 
@jamsandwich i was sniffling for the first time this year at 5am today....crappy isn't it 
awake...cannot go back 2 sleep &amp; its still snowing outside....wondering am i going 2 b able 2 go n e where 2day 
I've given up and am going to the doctor...being sick 3 times in one month is rather annoying 
doesn't know why her body hates her. she is getting sick again and woke up before 7 am on a day when she doesn't even have classes 
got to go to...... sux i cant text there  i cant text from 9am-2.30pm ill text people later today. may not do blogtv for a while not sure
cannot believe am off back to uni tomoz  doesn't want 4 weeks til exams orz....
good morning..... up at 5:30 am.   couldn't sleep 
set the alarm for 7.30am .. woke up at 11  now got exactly 24 hours until the exam..   hmmm 
@buddario it's old age mate, I can hardly sleep beyond 7am, even at weekends 
Just got home from work...Only 4 hours today, but getting up at 3:30 am is a bummer 
It's 7am here and I have to go to school this morning 
7am... what an ungodly hour to wake up at... for school 
Oh god why am I still awake?  I told myself I wouldn't let WoW do this to me this time around.  
Just set my alarm clock for 6:30 am. Wow, i haven't done that for two weeks straight  
I wish I could pay someone to do my laundry at 3 am so I could get 5 hours of sleep instead of 3. 
back to school 6am wake up 
My dog passed away this morning at 3:00 am  WTF
i'm not gonna wake up in time for school tomorow...i just know it, i've been going to bed at 3/4am everyday and waking up at 11am 
tired tired tired, had to get up early for the doctors this am  x
okay. for first day, am very very tired 
I am setting myself a new bed time...4am..I have so much stuff to do before finals, and there is not enough time during the day 
@shelliwazzu me too, I've a headache for the past 2 days that's never good.  it's 8:23am here. what time are you @? more followers?!sweet!
Why is it when I go to work at 2.30am do I think it will be a nice day and take camera to find by 9.00am it's cloudy and drizzly 
early start again this morning...it's so good to see the world before 7am.  dentist today...boo 
am back at skool again only one day back and tonnes of homeork!!! 
yes! NO! I am an official procrastinator! i have a huge project and i will be killed if its not done by tomorrow morning. and its 3 am 
It's 2:30am, next feeding in 3 hours and I have places to be tomorrow. I need to get to some sleep 
Weeelllll its 2:30 am not tired lame, and its been 2-4 months since i last saw you and just needs you back in my life again.. 
i don't sleep earlier than 3 am these days 
@mszjoycii hey how u been? i wont have internet for a few days  now wat am i going to do to entertain myself? lol
Is full of cold and can't hear properly, think my planned night of clubbing til 5am  is going to have to be cancelled 
I predict it will stop raining before lunch and then it will start raining again. How am I supposed to ride my bike today? 
i got a freaking virus and am missing free comic book day. 
wen will i leave...am counting d hours, mins and secs..!  
@shannarie at work  i got up at 5:30am so your lucky my twittin' didn't (haha) start till 8 my time! when i had already been here an hour!
It is a beautiful day here in E. Lanisng...to bad i am stuck inside studying. 
I am despairing of ever getting some decent sleep! wtf am i doing still awake at this time of morn! too much thinking over too little  lol
was woke up at 4:30am.....bad times 
@mattimago no, hehe took at nap at 530pm my time, woke up at 1030pm, yea, so I'm wide awake now at 1255am. 
No more comments i need to sleep, good night! at 4 am. 
My classroom  am feeling so nostalgic. I wish I can go back 20 years in time. #pooram http://yfrog.com/05kr7j
I never have naps but today I had one. probably 'cos I've been up since 5.40am (and then 7.25am) 
Bikram wiped me out yesterday. I couldnt bring myself to wake up at 4.30am for the 6am session  I'll never be a morning person ((((
When I envy people who start work at 9am or simply any time later than me, my working hours get changed to 7am-4pm!  can i complain? 
Just saw what time it is... and man am I going to be tired tomorrow... err today 
it's 1:21 am, still doin the essay, i gotta wake up around 6 am then 8 am class  what a day ahead of me
2day kinda sucked, i went 2 bed @ 2am last night and i woke up @ 6am  school was shit i went to play with tim, aaron and kurtles this arvo
so many sleepless hours in the night. what gives? I slept well until 3:30am and here I am awake still at 4:54am. 
I've woken up at 420 in the morning and can't go back to bed. Why am I so wide awake? I only slept 3 hours. 
eeek so much work, so little time... am off out for the afternoon too :s ohh great, late night it is then 
is not looking forward to work at all this am after the storms last night 
Why is no one shopping  am on my lunch isn't out staff room lovely http://twitpic.com/4jfqo
Off to bed...got four 7am shifts in a row starting tomorrow 
Working working working. I've been here an hour and am running out of stuff that can be done right now 
Ughhh i couldnt fall asleep till 3am and now im up for school. Its going to be a veryy long day. 
Falling asleep in class. 8am to 12 who makes up these times?! 
@glassidentities I'm good - had a great weekend with little H and am sad that it's over 
had an amazing day - heading home to upload pics and then sleepy time for my 6am work tomorrow 
@ KaylamTuttle who am i going to go to olive garden with at random times? 
@rosekathleen So how am I going to survive in first period, I didn't do anything!  haha
man I don't want to work at 8:30am.   and I'm not even tired cause I slept all day.
@time2stand they would be awsome to see, if you go seen them i will be even more jealous off you, as you alredy are goin to wacken am not 
Really nothing to do at...9:31-am in the morning 
You are what you eat, and it's been years since I've been McDonalds...huge headache this am 
@hanaames I'd like to be lazy but they keep on making me wake up at 7am  But I do get two afternoons off a week, so not quite a job 
It's 4.03am and I have have to &quot;wake up&quot; in 3 hours. YAY! 
5 am feels like the middle of the night today.  *skips off to shower*
bloody fed up with toddler insisting 3am is morning time, refusing to sleep &amp; screaming for 2 hours 
@donniewahlberg ok baby it is like 1:30 am in beantownland...time for my to watch my eyelids...have work in the morning 
@hollyadderley i havent been asleep since 10am wed,, and ive got an exam in under 2 hours 
7.24 am ouch time for college 
The time is 4:27 am. I am still not done with homework 
am just in from town after being police station with brother  am now tidying house getting ready for work its been a long day
feeling better...i think its starting to hit that the rest of my friends are graduating...what am i gonna do next year 
@liamalexander It wouldn't agree with me. I had a job that involved getting up at 4am - I left after 2 days 
@BayShoreCC in the am, work  .....then tomorrow night @DaneCook new stand up act at 10pm can't wait
that's 6.00am in the morning 
@SecretLifeFAN22 Aww sorry about the homework.  LaneTea and I were doing videos all day... just barely finished. It's only around 1 am XD
wow i can't remember the last time i got up at 10am on a sunday out of choice. work to fo. no-one else is awake 
wow i can't remember the last time i got up at 10am on a sunday out of choice. work to do. no-one else is awake 
Aaai,hope you feeling better. Part of the no-sleep/bad food lifestyle .I almost fainted this week  so now trying to sleep before 3am lol.
@SuzeOrmanShow  catch up on tweets later  4:15am here. been up all night, need to catch a few winks. Might not be able to catch big day 
i have to be in town tomorrow at 9 am :O just to get my fringe cut. im usually fast asleep at that time. not looking forward to it like 
So tired...somehow I ended up at the airport at 9am this morning 
5 am wake up call  so starts another week...
3 am bed time 6 am running call 
i'm not a morning person... 7:34 am .. my eyesssss 
morning all - am vvvv busy. not a good start to thre week 
I think it's about time I get up, make lunch and strat getting ready for work!!! I'm working until 2.30am... 
I think it's about time I get up, make lunch and get ready for work. I'm working until 2.30am!! It's going to be a long night... 
@munkyman223 it's not working.  what am I supposed to do for the next three hours?
(Quarter-)Hourly church bells next to my house never wake me up except when it is an unusual sequence: like this morning twice before 7am 
wishes she could get sleepy before 6 am...just one night 
Up late today, 10am, need to get to bed before 2am every night, not good.  http://bit.ly/IKsjI
@Daantjah no, had a 40-degree fever on sat night and am still not well 
I scared myself at 6:15am. I thought I had slept the whole day and woke up at night, missing school and job interviews. 
@davidwalshblog i'm tire too. though i know why. ;) my granddaughter was up at 2:30am, with at most 45 minutes between her next fuss. 
@ooannabear i've been studying since 2am  1 more week anna!
up at 7:45am.......not a morning person, particularly when it comes to being up to revise before a 9.30 exam 
5am can't sleep and i have to work in 7 hours 
good night at 5am b/c my son decided its more appropriate to sleep when the sun is going to come up (or is up) than when its down... 
go to college in a day like this is really obnoxious!!!  going to class! back at 10 am! hotel at 12 am! *-*
@sahra_t I know what you mean, what am I going to do next week when its over  #vfth
*sigh* got the disconnect notice for the power this am. All I need now is to find a thousand dollars... 
wonders why he cannot sleep at a normal hour like a normal person... 4am and still wide awake... 
@superfungo any chance you can come in at 9:30am for a meeting? We have some stuff to go over. 
@kinkpuppy i know the feeling. I've been so miserable this past two weeks cos i couldnt sleep at all before 5 am, even with all the meds 
am in mourning, my puppy dog of like 10+ years was put down this morn, and i only found out at like 930pm  i want one last cuddle :'(
I gained one follower overnight.  That puts me 15 away from 100 and 15 away from the goal for a contest by 9am 
If you ask me whether am I scared now, I would answer you honestly that yes I am. Two papers in eight hours, with just 150 minutes apart. 
still soooo many hours left. unhappy i am  also not enough food left
WTF!? no one told me it was this late... going to bed! 6 am wake up call 
sleepy time.. work at 630 am 
Its 6 am and I'm awake. I woke up @ 5am  whyyyy. That's like 5 hours of sleep.I'm going to regret this later :|
2:20 am = shower time...  I fear I will never get to go to bed before 2 am.
loves summer bonfires....   but does not love having to be at work by 8am the next morning....  
there was a mix up with my dentist appt this afternoon. so they rescheduled me for tomorrow @ 9am. 
has an exam at 10am - I slept about 3 hours last night 
What a busy day ... am disappointed that today's show is a repeat 
4am foodshopping cause I was sick all day and was in hospitals  being alone blows
@mjh81 I know man, my day off and am pulling myself out of bed 
finishing one shift in 37 mins... drive half an hour and start all over again till 1am...and back in @ 11am tomorrow .. and its sunny 
Going to have yum dinner then watch 'bad girlfriend' play. I have a 6am call time tomorrow 
is missing her best friend..... and i only saw them this afternoon  How sad am I!!!!
its only been a couple of hours and i miss him like crazy  how am i gonna survive senior year???
up from the airport at 10 am, then exploring, hair appt at 1, more exploring. I just want a day to sleep in. 
watching house but about to go to bed.. 330am is not that far from now  @ least i'll be enjoying the sunrise in another state w. my horse!
I cannot fucking believe I have to work at 6 am-thats like 5 hours from now. 
So sadface that @juliekiefer is leaving me for the summer. Who the hell am I going to drink and gossip with?!?!?!?!?!?! Hohum. 
time for bed...well not technically, that &quot;time&quot; was a couple of hours ago.  rather, I've done what I can do so off to bed.  alarm 6:45am 
Is not looking forward to waking up in less than 7 hours to work from 10am to 9pm.  This is what happens when you are very nice.
@whitespider1066 i have to go to work and am regretting the amount i had  to drink last night 
Feeling inner conflict over a drunken comment.... Not good at 4am with only 5 hours to sleep and recharge 
9:30am here, got woken up because it was too hot. I only had 5 1/2 hours sleep! 
5:25am earliest daughter has woke up all week, and it had to be my day to get up w her 
this is why i dont go to bed on time, i end up waking up at 3 am 
Studing - but am tierd of this and the test is next week 
Geting up at 7am in the summer is soooooo lame.  
My day begins  and I just went to sleep at 4 am !
@denneycrane I didn't have time this am. I left the house at 7! And no coffee for me 
ashleyangelic officially left this morning at 8:00 am  we will miss her so
i have two days off in a row...wht am i gunna do? brian has to work..... 
I'm sooo tired came in at 5am wake up for 830am for wedding dress fitting and now goin to get my hair and nails done..ah long day 
I just love waking up at 8:00am to go swim for two hours at tri-c..on saturday. 
Just concluded my own personal 15 hour marathon of @cwthegame. I laughed, cried, got pissed and am now totally bummed that it is NO MORE 
i've forgotten how amazing zouk can be, but was reminded tonight! did not want to leave, but have a 6am call time tmr. 
4am in the morning &amp; I can't sleep 
time for bed.. am so tired,, work tomoro 
good morning  ~ I do not know why these days i get up at 4:30 am or at 1:30 am and then i cannot sleep 
by 6am this morning i had already been up for TWO hours n been to airport and back. To say goodbye to sister who's travelling for 6 mths 
its like 5.15am and am still awake.! i really need someone to talk to and helo me through this rough time 
its like 5.15am and am still awake! i really need someone to talk to and help me through this rough time 
I'm all stuffed up  But I'm so proud of @thebenjammin and am excited to see him this coming week!
had a bad day.  working at 5am. goodnight.
back home. had a good time. off to bed. work @ 9 30am tommorrow. 
morning @world, child wake's up at 6:50am 
I really wish I slept better...I hate being up til 3am every night. 
@WhoaChasity me too! and ive been trying to go to sleep since like midnight  and its 3:17 am now argh!!
its 8 22 am, im so tired work for 6 hours  plus i have an interview thing which i cba tbh xx
@hiway hey hows u? am sorry got logged off the other day so cudn't reply  
good night twitterville hopefully i can fall asleep soon. its 3am  lol
No more of this out until 3am and later when I have to work in the morning. I just want my bed. 
@bethobrien1 No- the last time i did it i had to wake up at 5.30 am on my birthday! never again. + you have to be under 15 
@xSkylines I thought you were a vegetarian? Or am I two years behind? o__0 And they are tasty, indeed. It's not our faults at all. 
@rbateson i am up at 930 am and have to work all day. i will not considermyself lucky. 
fighting with my mom before 9am is always a sign its going to be a fun day 
11am time to do some homework 
i don't understand it, people follow and then turn around and unfollow a couple of weeks later? am i that boring??? 
I have to wake up at 6am tomorrow  work starts at 8am but i have to leave at 7:30.  Deff showering tonight to save time tomorrow.
@jordanhowell hmm i guess, went to sleep at 4am woke up at 12...said I would be revising like 2 hours ago but I haven't yet 
am very excited for my trip to asia even though its 53days away  hurry up!
Just put some washing in... need to wait an hour for it to finish and then I can get to bed, up at 6am too 
just finished painting my nails bright green and am completely sunburned from being in the sun all day. 
And off I go. Later tweeps! I'll find time later since I'll prolly arrive here around more or less 10pm and I have to wake up tom at 4am. 
and more depressing than that is that I have to sit here for another 6 hours  Why am I doing this again?
@ladyxmusic am good thanks. had a 2 period test today and a speech so am happy its over. buhh i have a test tomorrow  what you do 2day ?
good morning twitter  its 254 am  time for work   lol  take care yall  out the door i go
another glorious day ..... work meeting @ 11am  ....... pick up new trailer tent tonight
@alexandramusic awww i was up at 4.50 am this morning for no reason 
Recovering my my 6.30am run this morning. Who'd have thought marathon training would be this painful 
turns out we're leaving at 4am tomorrow... and dad thought we were staying extra days hence why he didnt think we had to leave earlier 
-cries- I miss her... And I just talked to her 2 hours ago  (I've lost my mind) it's 5:30am... And twitter's too quiet.
@lilabris i had to do this at 4am this morning 
I should have went to bed earlier last night.... I'm tired this am 
Why can I not sleep?! I've woken up three times from 6am to 7am. 
4:35am, wide awake. Alarn will go off in about 1h30...not good. 4th night in row I'm still awake at dawn 
up at 6am bored and restless. been up all night. 
@emmarossx wanty go at like half 1 ? am not ready yet 
Nothing like a 5:20am morning 
it's 5am... wth... shoot me x_x... stupid paper. i need to wake up in 3 hours 
i'm soooooo glad this is my last time at getting up ar 6am. i am soooo tired it's pathetic 
Sitting at work thinking about my friend who died of cancer this morning around 2am I miss u already 
Sitting on my desk preparing for a hard week from tomorrow 5 am until saturday 6 pm (and roughly 2000 km car drivin 
with mommy. WTF am I gonna do without her for 2 months? 
Is it possible to have an exaughsting dream/nightmare. I slept 9 hours &amp; am so worn-out, i woke up with fists clenched &amp; feel drained??  
i got heat rash on both feet and am now incapable of walking... damn this weather... (probably the only person in englang thinking that)  
It's just before 5am here and I'm heading back to bed.  It's too cold to be getting up in the middle of the night for the baby.  
4am wake-up call = probably not going to make it to @bad_decisions for #bacon &amp; beer happy hour  everyone else.. http://tinyurl.com/mm3gzr
well its time to go now, see if i can sleep tonight - didnt get to sleep till 3:15am last night 
now has 2 of her favourite men missing from her life  When am I going to get a break??? x
I hate molecular cell bio. Why am I trying to waste my summer on it? 
day off school - 9:53am (why am i up so early???) no one wants to go out today. i hate feeling like a loser 
@CrisOnToast so needless to say am not sure if I will be able to make it to beerfest this weekend. 
 so tierd from last nights homework I stayed up till 5am .it's official I hate school More than barneys I love you song crazy right ??
am FINALLY done with doing the things I have to do and I only have about an hour left of sunlight!! What am I supposed to do now? 
history exam in an hour. been up since six and am feeling physically sick. eurgh, can't wait for it to be over 
burnt back last week, am now peeling and been eaten alive my mosquitoes. I am a mess. 
Why the hell am i so tired? Feels like i haven't slept for a week 
i'm pooping myself at the thought of re. how am i supposed to write three essays in an hour and a half   
5am and I can't fall back asleep. For the second night in a row.   
once again I woke up at 5am, only this time I can't fall back asleep 
back to the grind  wishing these 81 degree days started at 7am like they did in miami
such a lovley day and where am i ? stuck in a stinky office till 8 pm 
@JohnFinn of course we were at 145am! jordens heart got broke yesterday. 
 got to work at 7:00am! ughhhh longgg day ahead of me!
@zildjianette  aww I miss the good old days...I miss mcprayer and sneaking in the alleys to hide from your mom at 5am
Production day tomorrow, and I forgot to do our history thing that goes out at 10am 
way tired..working in the am..and for the next 10 straight days. my feet already hurt 
waking up at 6am is tough  thank god for days off!!! and beach timee!!!! find me kits tomorrowww 
is really sick of working - for 6 weeks now its been 5am - 7pm, 7 days a week!!   
@samuraicoder I'm going to the developer day but am not sure I'll be able to attend that session. 
1am and I'm still wide awake!   I hate not being able to sleep!!   Its been 3 hours since I crawled into bed!!!    
am relaxing from 6 days work in a row and am tired 
The people living next door need to be quiet - I have an exam tomorrow. It's bad enough that they were making noise at 1am this morning 
@fyrret but, the last 2 hrs at the bfs house was me sleeping..so i went home and back to sleep, then at 2am utnil 4 was up bc of t-storms 
am ashamed on my behavior last night 
@stefii_wefii ...a sleeping problem because I always wake up at 3 am every night for like an hour or two then pass out again  boo hoo
am cleaning and fun things this morning 
I thought I would sleep earlier today. but same thing, id sleep 'round 2am 
2 days again  wtf! am going crazyy
am really sad being at my flat for the first time on my own in years 
I missed my 8am class for the first time this quarter today 
am fed up have clearly just offened someone so maybe its time i go 
@platypusfactory Received a really sad txt @ 6:30am saying that he didn't have enough time left to finish and wasn't going to nyc. 
@MyChemChat If it's in 7 hours' time it'll be more like 12:44am 
feeling neauseus at 4.40am in the morning... shiats. 
my nose has slowly gotten more runny throughout the day... am I getting sick? 
2am... Why can i never sleep  i even got up early this morning =\
It's a long weekend and yet I still woke up at 8am.  Why? 
@sleep_til_noon i started a new temp position in a diff. part of my building &amp; they play country. at 8am. not cool 
longest day of my life... up at 5:30am, off work at 11:30 pm  
Wow, was I busy today! I was at the gym from 10am until 6pm! Missed the whole nice day 
I have not seen my apt. since 6am!  I don't even know wat time it is right now. 
done preparing the coffee shipment for tomorrow morning...  time to go to bed... gotta be up at 4am 
at work by myself  but time is flying by cant want till 2pm so i can SLEEP!!!
ok.. after a few days of being anti-social... i am bored and no one is around to chat it up with or go out... i am punished 
@nightsun73 Last time I was in, I was woken at 7am and told I could go once I got my meds... which wasn't until 5pm 
It is a sad state of weekend affairs when 7 am is considered a sleep in. 
@AmorAng lucky yall. . . morning meeting @ 7am  it's all bad
@SimonFilmer I am up so early in the week that my body is used to it, even when I don't have to get up early I'm still awake by 6:30am 
soooper tired. really looking forward to passing out in two minutes. not looking forward to work in the am 
@amanda_loves_jb yeah we watched at 11  and I just happened to wake up  in time to catch it at 2 am and I had DVRd the 1.
@carmabella uhuh!!! am so totally bummed! have only one hour on wed and 2 days with 2 hrs!! 
getting home at 4am from the longest day at work sucks but being back for a meeting at 8am sucks even more 
@butadream but I managed to get other things done, which I usually neglect ;) But getting up at 6 am on a saturday (= day off) is hard 
am off to the playmill. It will probably be hell on earth but we need to escape! So much for my lovely day out 
I wake up between 5-6 am every day.(not on purpose) Not fun, but I'm up on all the infomercials incase you want to know about a product. 
I'm so tired and I've got to go to national guard drill in am. And p/t job in afternoon 
I was looking forward to sleeping in, but now I  can't sleep and am up at the same time as work days. 
@rinism i woke up at 10.00 am in the late morning then slept at 5.00 am in the early morning 
been awake for at least an hour. wake up call came at 11am .. boo  !
The only reason I am up is because I have a midterm at 9am and couldn't go 10 minutes without waking up and thinking I overslept 
Today was the wrong day for me to wake up at 3am with a migraine 
I hate running late 4 work! No time to stop for my diet dr pepper this am 
@seanmadi I've been waking up at 5:30am the last few days. I couldn't wake up at 10am for school. It doesn't make sense 
am not impressed, had 3 hours sleep and got up v early (for me) to meet friends for nandos then find out antwan is running v late 
I hate working on weekends when the weather is great.  also I'm at the bagel place for the third time since 9 am. Wow.
It's time to get up and go to work. I dislike these 730 am start times 
@human_justin. have a good day at work justin! i got up at 530am to polish off a paper i was writing up until 330am earlier this morning 
just got home from work. and am due back to work in 7 hrs 
@shiruke I wish! It's too noisy here in the morning; I can't really sleep past 10am. 
@Mazdaman0687 u went in at 7am ...were u an hour early!? That wouldn't be cool 
on my lunch brk @ 9am yuk. off @ noon thirty then 2nd job @ 4:30. wish i was brave enough 2 do what i really want 2 
@CaseyDances I'm sleepy.  I woke up at 7am today ... I don't remember the last time I ever did that.
working night shift tonight. 2am - 8am  should probably have got some sleep this afternoon...
wk 3pm-1am. and its a beautiful day!!  its ok iam renting a boat next weekend, muahahaha!!
gnight everyone i have to get up at 5 am 2morrow morning 
time for bed  work at 4.30 am  fun times :/
where is everyone?? night tweeters up at 7.30am for work  ...
Watching all star trek films today before I go see the new one tommorow how sad am I prob the lowest point of my life right now lol  !!!!
why do i loose a follower or 2 every day? u guys dont love me  .. am i not entertaining enough ??
I love how I can only go out on weekends now and who am I with? Not my best friends 
why am i up at 5.30am ? i have slept for 1 hour 
waking up at the crack of dawn! = 8:00am  but ill be home in time to hang with my girls I hope!! I miss my own bed and my puppy &lt;3
@aziiiza Girrrrrl when am I going to see you again?  I used to see you all the time before we ever met now I never see you!  
already it's 2:00 am  i am going to bed. need to have a good sleep because i should drive 5 hours tomorrow.
@henryandfriends one last day with my books then they start tomz, will be glad when they are over, am very stressed 
why is best week ever still on vh1? and why am i even watching it? it's gotten lame. 
3am - Finally headed home to get... an hour of sleep 
i just slept for 5 hours after waking up at 5am to go fishing... not good 
The only time I have to unpack this apartment is at 3am.... 
Being election worker today meas getting up at 7am, now waiting for my shift in the afternoon...  I wonder about voter participation
downtown houston. going out until 3 am is normal, it just sucks when you have class the next morning at 8. 
Oh snap its 4:50am &amp; I'm still awake ahhhhhhh....... I should have never gone to sleep so early last night 
dad's out to go voting now....and i have to be showered by the time he gets back...dang. I wanted to wat till 1 pm. It not even 11.40 am 
mother and @susanaabalos leaving at 6am  this weekend went too fast
could be river-tubing w/ @scarlettlillian &amp; friends right now, but my body had other plans this morning at 6 am 
Why in the world is it that no matter what time I got to bed I can never sleep past 9am. 
@joesjunk  i wish it was. I think it is physically impossible for me to sleep past 7am, or have a nap during the day 
6am and 7am conference calls tomorrow morning. 
i didnt do anything worthwhile from morning  feel so bad... am stepping out, about time!!!
@joelheitmar i can't nap  if i nap then i fall asleep for good, then i wake up early and am tired by the time work starts
@Katizzle uuuff! that's horrible  i have to wake up at 6 am everyday! except for the weekend, it totally sucks!
@8footerz i got woken up at 7am by my cousins   so much for a day off
@lastyearsgirl_ Weirdly, I'm not a morning person either even tho I've started work at 7am for the past 3 years 
will be honest. am sad and miss being in hull. my time there flew by too fast, mom was right. you look forward for so long, then done. 
is irritated...gosh...my sleep gone be all messed up tonight and I gotta be up at 5 am..great way to start my week! 
wow i went all night fishing from 12am to 9 30 am and caught 4 fish and a turtle...  that was a complete waste of time lol
bed time! doctors appt at 8 am tomorrow 
is hoping it storms in the morning so that i don't have to get up at 6am for practice..blehh..why does it already have to monday?? 
sleep time.  truck tomorrow.  i hate waking up at 4am.  
More than likely i am grounded this week so i dont know how much ill be able to hang 
4:30am start this morning with one sicky child 
@ScottRhodie What time is it and where? I doubt it as I woke up at 4am this morning 
Off to my great job ... I don't really have a life, I spend most of my time, working .. from 8 am to 6:30 pm .. some time, till 10 pm 
editing at 2:30am is exactly what I hd planned this weekend 
can't sleep.  6am gym time is going to come way too early.  
a day of childish antics left me falling asleep at 9:45 instead of at my regular 1am bedtime. too bad I woke up at 1:30. 
5:50 am. I don't think anyone should be awake at this time 
am very devastated. After getting the penthouse ready for heavenly horatio, i got to work this morning and he had passed away 
I'm at work...it's a little bit boring today, but I have to work till 7 pm ... 6 hours 
Holy fuck. Why the shit am I awake  I hate days like thiiiiiis.
I went to bed at 10:30 last night, and just woke up at 7.  Why am I still so exhausted and sick? 
I have more gallbladder induced vomiting before 6:20 am than most people have all day!  And it tasted like 1000 island dressing. 
I think I used most of my days energy before 7am 
@LivingResults  saw the ad! would love to go but am away that weekend 
90 mins of maintenance @ 12:45am? That's prime twitter time for me 
going to bed, i need to sleep at least 8 hours!!! but tomorrow ill get up at 6.15h am  good night ppl...
tryin not to fall asleep !! had a very long day, exams at 8am &amp; exercices ( shoppin' ) at 4pm 
One hour downtime tomorrow! What am I suppose to do without twitter for AN HOUR!? 
got a screaming reminder, am a week behind the schedule 
it's time to say my prayers and go to sleep...i know you'll be tweeting all night without me   hehe, i'll catch up in the am
6am is such a tiring hour of d mornin 2 b gettin up 
1:00 am, And the night has just begun.. At least for me 
@GrahamBM dare I ask what they cant do, arrive on time?  am using them tomorrow morning to go south 
it's 3am and i can not take any more math.  i didnt study that mucccchhh and its been over 10 hours !!! UGGGGHHH bed time 
...It's 3am. I'm falling asleep by myself for the 1st time in a long time. This sucks. I miss talking on the phone into the morning. 
@Gerridd haha am really tired cause church camp just ended. and its only one &amp; half weeks more to my exams! 
It's 4:30 am and I hardly slept all night. 
It's 3:30am and I can't go back to sleep. I woke up @2:10, and been tossing and turning ever since. I have to get up in about 2 hours!  
ok went to sleep last night at 4:00am and had too get up at 8:00am this morning and I am absolutely nackered 
wishing he had a reason to be up at 5:35am, and didnt just wake up so early every morning 
She asked me what's been bothering me last few weeks. What am I supposed to say to that. You? 
My body is way too used to going to sleep at 6am rather than waking up, especially on 3.5 hours of sleep. So why am I waking up? 
@madametisch @Beanday I was right there with you at 5am this morning... 
It's 8am and my day is already sucks 
Lovely... just woke up around 7:30 and find that my pager has been going off since 5am this morning... going to be a long day 
 ah the postman didn't have my package. What am I goon to do for the rest of the day.....
8am classes  3 more weeks lefttt
@hotpinkvalntine I wish I could, I'm working 11 am-5:30 pm   stupid job getting in the way
last day of college today.  feel a tad deflated.  what am i gonna do for 10 weeks? 
milo spent 10 minutes coughing and wheezing at 4am. looks like its time to call the vet... 
I have officially gotten two calls since  8am. No one ever calls me, but when they do, they insist on waking me up 
Has maybe found the man of her dreams, which is not fair!! As am leaving in under five months  !!!
less than 2 hours til downtime  what am i gonna do?!/
am so addicted to internet that i dont even sleep 6 hours a day 
It's 5:15am and about to go on fishing charter, hope I'm not sick this time 
Its been like a month. Why am i still sick 
1am lol time to sleeeep! revising tmra  and dads party aswell lol. g'night y'all!!
just finished a recording... now its 4.30 am... my time to sleep... also have work tomorrow.. 
its proppin up eyes with matchsticks time.... work in the am 
yuk 1am where did the time go up at 6:30am  i'm so tired night all
Hey @alyankovic when was your last haircut? mine was a few days ago.   (#WeirdAl live &gt; http://ustre.am/3nDH)
Oh so tired- I was up working until 4:30 am and back up at 6:30 am and just finished up.  2 hours sleep in 48 hours.   I need sleep.
who the hell did my schedule this week?  oh, wait...i did.  Just finished 18 hours in the store and back at 9am for 12 more.  
a beautiful night outside, now off to bed - class early in the am 
woke up at 3.20am and still awake, boy this is going to be a long day... bastard injuries keeping me awake 
night all! 6:30 am will be here fast... um, yeah, in like 6 hours and 20 mins! 
working all day tomorrow! 9:30 am-10 pm. two hour break in between. schweet. 
it's been a long day! am so ready to go to bed but of course, I cannot sleep! stress is so hard to get rid of 
Aughhh wha a long horrible day. So glad it's over, but y am I still so disgusted? 
have a meeting at 7 am (two hours earlier than normal work start time) and am still awake at 2 am... so can't get to sleep tonight  #sigh
p.s. getting my hairzZz cutz by miss @becktothefuture at 10am sharp! i haven't seen her in like... 4 days. 
and i need sleep. skul starts at 11:20am  # but have 2 meet a friend so have 2 wake up and start brushin my teeth or sumthin.
So what am I going to do now? sleep? I'm still tired haven't sleep well last night 
1:40 am still wide awake and i have to work in the morning   o well what can i do lol.
Really looking forward to riding this morning, though am unusually tense about it - hope that doesn't mean that I'm going to come off!! 
Hopefully I don't have to get up at 2am to find a mouse under my bed this morning... NOT fun times 
Another late night 3am and still up studying &amp; doing homework! I am sooo tired 
why does lillie decide 1 am is a good time to wake me up? 
@BkBap for the past week i've been falling asleep at 10am and waking up at 4pm. bad hours and not enough of them 
@danhitmusic 5 Hours on-air after getting up at 4am isnt a good feeling 
I was in the office at 7am this morning 
why do i wake up at 5am everyday....i only had 4 hours sleep last night &amp; ive been soo busy today &amp; still lots to do. I just wanna sleep! 
I hate when it rains for months at a time. But I hate it even more when I'm up at 6am and its pouring 
ahhhhhhhhh up @ 630am, are you friggin kidding me?!?! apparently ill be gettin no sleep this summer   ...rail trail? gym? who the F cares
am having a day where i am being continuously frustrated by people 
fell asleep at 8 pm and then again at 3 am. might as well start my day right now. i miss my husband. 
Getting to work on time at 6:45, sucks after you leave the bar at 1:15 am,  \
note to self: don't get drunk when you have to work the next morning at 8 am 
@moviegeeks at least it will be during your day. It'll be 3am for me 
It's 5:40am. I woke up an hour ago and now cannot get back to sleep. This is officially deemed most annoying. 
2 hours to go til the signing, weve been here since 7am 
It's 7am &amp; I haven't been this cranky in a long time.  I just want a massage &amp; cuddles right now.
I'm having a surprisingly good and happy working day although am sad K can't make the leaving dinner 
waiting for baby asia to arrive am 4 days overdue 
@davidjcantu Should have released 11am our time. I have class till 2pm though, so I haven't used it yet. 
bored!! and getting a bus to work at 7am in the morning 
5 am roll call from the kids, mmmm I wish they could understand social media- this is a bloody unsocialable time to get up 
@StewartWade I have!!!!! Tried at midnight last night and this am with no success 
off to bed as i have work tomorrow 9am till 10pm  long day, night x x
colleen's leaving in 3 days  what am i going to do without her??
@plaaymaker bezzie sowii bouu last night. my internet cut off and i couldnt come back on till 12am  missyou bezzie!
it's official, another day nonstop and i feel horrible.. won't be able to get to sleep until about 230am. blood sugar feels really low. 
wishing i could get my sleep schedule back to normal- 3 weeks in europe &amp; a weekend at the lake followed by working at 6:30 am.. no good 
hate that my phone broke omgosh what am I suppose to do now...  this week sucks
3am.. I got to wake up in 3 hours! 
spa felt good, and now its time to sleep. sooo not excited to wake up at 4 am for work 
12:47am  That means a new day - so here we go.  iphone winning time!   #squarespace loves me, but my followers are upset.   sorry
6:30 am and im up.. long day ahead of me.. meetings all day  ...#peterfacinelli
have been working since 4:30 this morning. am already tired. 
@_joblankenburg office... 10:00 am... long day, you know 
kids should not be allowed to wake up until at least 9am. too bad they think 7:30am is a good time to get up 
binge eating cookies at 10am... not a good day 
@mumbobob unless the stuff you work on at 1am requires an early morning finish 
Its only 7am. Y am I up? Its my day off. I should still be sleeping. 
couldn't sleep all night, now I wake up at 7am straving! 
that's a lot to take before 9am. so far my day is starting out badly 
cant think straight... need my am coffee that i should of had 3 hours ago 
i cant take not being able to go to the gym for 2 weeks. what am i going to do? 
went to bed early last night,couldn't sleep properly, woke up way early..all in anticipation of 9am meeting and still got late by 4 mins 
@JBMusic20 I checked this morning at 7 am and it said that! 
How sleepy am I! I don't know! I've been sleepy the whole week!  
am not sure this vacation will be stress free. 
~ 22:30pm! Bed time people!! 
bed.tomorrow i will be a grown up. i will be working full time. screw getting up at 6am  nightt
@eadave i've been flying, layovers, and busing since eight thirty am. I am too 
@LaceofBase by the time I got to the rail station I was beat and it was after 8pm  I think I journeyed about 10 miles on foot today
is bored with &quot;house to myself&quot; time and am ready for Mysweetwilliam to be home. I still have a full week w/out him 
its 6:05am and i have to go to work in 45 mins....i REALLY did not want to get up this morning 
i hate that this dog doesn't sleep thru the night. now i'm wide awake @ 2am and can't go back to sleep! 
woke up at 6.05am today and have just been tossing and turning in bed for about an hour and a half... 
Wooooahhh why the hell am I up at this time? Looks awful outside and I've got work 
ugh why am i up at this ridiculous hour  have to do it all again tonight ha
am tiredddddd got to go to school in like 5 minutes. 
Why on earth am I at work 1 hour early? I need to get a life 
1:55am &amp; still haven't fallen asleep. I'll b paying for it big time in the morning 
truelife: i am an adult  ; long day today starting w/ laundry followed by donation to the bank at 5 30am ! responsibleMeL~
No it's more fun when u eat at ihop at 3:30 in the morning...I love it...especially since I have work at 8am tmrw 
almost 11 hours here in the computer. am sooo bored. 
up way too late -- the sun's been out for almost two hours -- but such is the life of a 4am nxne bartender. lemme say: it's not great 
am a bit hungover d day  an i have 2 get ready fer an interview 
7am already....Wish I could have gone to sleep last night.  
@keeperofdreams I did this am.. for 4 hours, hasn't helped.. aargh! need to work now..  crap!
had soo much fun last night and am sad chris has already left 
Wow had a awesome drunk night! Why am I still awake! I got work in 4 hours! Fml! 
morning all, finally woke up and now i'm off to wor in 50 minutes  didnt manage to get home until 6am!!!
came home at 2 this morning, i thought i would be tired. fell asleep but then woke up a 4am and for some reason havent been able to sleep 
...woke up at 7am to do classwork because im working 2 to 11 tonight... ugh. one step at a time is pretty much ALL i can handle anymore 
7am came entirely too quick this morning. 
9:30 am is an obscene time to be awake on a day off 
Headed to the freewayyy! Last 5am waking up in my schedule until summer quater or fall if classes not too full 
@pagelt i originally bought tickets for the #paulvandyk show, but ended up cancelling them because i work at 8am the next day   have fun!
this is the second time on my week off i've been waken up at 8am 
had a six-hour break from 10am to 4pm. It was a looooong day.  http://plurk.com/p/127lsy
At work on lunch!!!!!!!!!!! 5 hours to go. Just found out i work tomorrow am 
its nearly 1am and I'm alone. Wish this wasnt the reality. I'm single for like 5 hours and already hating it. 
@dreamsofmine what am i gonna do without u for 5 days 
hangover was even better the second time. for some reason, i'm exhausted :/ beach tomorrow in the am with kayla and pertle, work at 430 
@kitcat72 good morning. its 12:16am and I am about to start the dishes  blah.
@mcbreathe it sucks  when its 1:15am &amp; you have to get up by 10 to drive an hour to see your cousin&amp;you can't sleep...yeah, that's me blah
was very confused when my alarm went off this morning....am i on earlys?! yep 
am trying valiantly to figure a new way to commute to campus. am not having much luck. looks like two buses and one hour+ each way is it 
stupid gastric at 4am in the morning 
i think its time for bed..especially since i have to be at work at 8am..i dont wannaaaaa 
last 3 am Perkins run with my favorite guys for a long time. saying goodbye really sucked. im gonna miss them 
ugh, i can't sleep. i have been lying here for an hour and am awake as ever 
why does the postman come at 9am on the weekends and not til so late in the week??????? grrrrrrr he woke me up 
you know, i think time zones suck. at 1pm, everyone's a asleep and twitter will only get crowded at 3am! 
had to wake up at 6:30 am this morning to go to a class from 8-2 
at dealer to get oil change.  doesn't open til 8 am.  used to be 7:30.  whole world going to bankers' hours. 
man i hate it when i cant sleep past 8am on the weekends 
7:11 am  not a morning person! 
So now my body is used to wakin up every damn day at 7am......no more sleep-ins 
it's my day off, why am i already driving somewhere  #sleepy #robot
For some reason i fell asleep at 7:30 last night, now it's 3am and i'm cycle 
@scottrmcgrew bit wasted I'm afraid - too much sleeping today  but am off into town now so good night ahead 
@Jessiica15 Lolz. I wake up at diff times all the time now! The sun keeps waking me up at 5am. 
I'm still perturbed about the reason I didn't have a shoot this morning.   Why am I letting it get me down?
@colstewart need alcohol myself this evening but am abstaining 
@tess_icles ...i miss you already  ...you've seen i can't last without you for a day! what am i meant to do for like.. SIX DAYS?! :'(
am away to cyprus in 11 days  and i'm just back
says: what am I doing???I am supposed to be nerding away on history. For some reason, I can't seem to study at home  Sighhhh
Its time to begin my evening commute. I'm just glad it will be a short night. With luck I'll be done by 2am. I'm still sick. 
@kateboardman ended up flaking out for a few hours this evening which did the trick but now im wide awake and feeling great - at nr 2am 
@s3r4phm1 how am i supposed to see you if youll get 2 mnore days?! i miss you soooooo much. 
its 4:25am here,time to sleep  nite
4:42am time to sleep. will probably wake up early anyway 
Only five days left for our trip and I still need one more dress.  What am I going to do?!!!!!!!!!!
left my cell at an office downtown  #pray that i get it back monday / father's day at new life midway has an awesome car show 10am-2pm
@KatieSouthie 7 hours ago was 7am so I was still snoozing, sorrie.  I don't normally get online lunchtime. 
right... time for a swim... been up since 5am though 
2am....my body has seized from recording and we still have about 2 hours to go. And the burn it machine is freezing! No sleep tonight 
@seankingston I will still listen to your music 50 million times a day but am still upset my messages always get blown off 
am i the only one up this early today ....  everyone seems to be sleeping ..  - Sundays always have a slow start 
*yawwwwwwn* Why am I awake at this time.... 
burning the midnight oil... i have to finish a 100 over slides presentation by tomorrow morning...  why am i still not motivated to start?
ugh why am I up at such an ungodly hour on my day off? 
bored just spent 4 hours curling my hair... and yes i realize its 4 am... 
i woke up at 7am by myself...   obviously a sleepless night....  
kitten+water=ruined garage sale fliers!  another sober party that ended in 5 people chatting until 5:30am. also I was having a pretty day.
It is 9.15pm and I'm so not prepared for my exam tomorrow - questioning if going back to uni whilst working full time was a good idea 
I leave for holiday in about 10 hours. I've done nothing today and am no-where near ready 
Not looking toward to waking up at   7 am in the morning..wish I could sleep in..   
@amalinaaa I know man! But pray not. I mean if like 7am maybe not so bad. But not in the middle of mid night! 
@payoladeville it's past 1am and my mind is slow like a 98 year old  lol
Someone I don't know called and woke us up at 7:55am today to ask directions to a wedding venue. I couldn't get back to sleep afterward. 
time check: 2.10am! omona, feels like insomia is taking over meeeeeeeee. T_T only domokun's here with me.  - http://tweet.sg
exhausted. babysitting for the night then up at 6:30am for more babysitting 
My first day at work, and its associated 4.40am alarm call, beckons 
My first day at work for 2 weeks, and its associated 4.40am alarm call, beckons 
@jesssicaraymond i used to go on my laptop at like 1am a few years ago and i got bollocked, its not fun 
@theinkim it will definitely be a mess all night. @betternovembers  i may have to find alternate route to work at 6am...
I want to go back to sleep! 6am+ wake up time for a term break is an ungodly hour 
says 10 boring days! what am i going to do. hello swine flu  - assumption college. http://plurk.com/p/139s4f
For some reason I get super sleepy from 10am-12pm everyday. It's like clock work. Not even coffee helps. 
1:25am- finally finished work for the day. 6:45am- need to get up to go to work. 4 hours = total travel time to work &amp; back.  
2.12am and i'm still doing my work. must wake up on time tomorrow 
should be napping, but am working on tax stuff.  got my classes today- very excited 
its 5am in the morning and still can't sleep...howaaaaaaaaaa.... 
off to bed, in need of sleep! 7:00 am wake up call in the morning  another long dayyy
on my way to the hospital.  why am i so sick?
@Voodooeconomix that's been me for the past 2 weeks...waking up at 2am &amp; just laying in my bed till 4-5 
@DFizzy i tried being a vegetarian, it lasted about two weeks  ha  (#DFizzy live &gt; http://ustre.am/1nTs)
am so not sleepy, and I should be.  will try again in just a moment.
phone is off b/c i didn't send the old one in the mail in time  what am i gonna do without it...craaaap
nikki left today  now i have to work 9am to 7 pm for a week to make up for all the time i took off 
@caffeinebomb poor you  I'm not all that amazing at sleeping, just my natural working hours are about 2pm-4am.
just got woken up by my dad @830am..and now im wide awake  whats wrong with me, iv only had 6hours sleep 
my surgerys finally over and now im on pks all day and am awakee all nightt 
just tucked my boots in for the night. bedtime. am meeting 
1:35 am &amp; I have to baby sit in the morning 
Its past my bed time! I haven't seen 5 am in awhile. I'm getting old 
I hate these night where all I want to do is call my mom at 3am 
@rehmxo what am i shuttng up about? ha whats the time there? i miss melboure somuch and its only been a day  how am i to survive marshmead
three day plan to get my sleep back on schedule. it was going amazingly well. dead tired at 11:30 pm. go to bed. wake up at 1 am. pooo 
went to bed at 12am up at 4am didn't have to get up till 6am, now to get my oil change that is 3 months overdue and then class from 11-5 
Feeling better than yesterday, but am crabby from being up a lot in the night and am worried about work 
hungover  Its horrible when youve only had 3 hours sleep and have to work at 7am 
I already feel lonely. I may see if my neighbor wants to go for a walk this afternoon. I work in the am, but afternoons are lonely. 
but it at 6am-1pm! The last 2 months it has been like this! I wanna be normal again 
its 2pm lunch time over... do I really have to go back to work? 
1 day of college left  - hmmm what am i going to do next? i guess chillin in yando sounds like a good occupation
The audition comes here in exactly a week but am not allowed to go because  of where the venue is?? @ryanaudition heeellpppp 
so tired...babysat from 8am till 12  sleep time..gnite yall
*yawn* when will ppl learn 2 not ring me between 10am &amp; 8pm b/c that is prime zzz time? Just been rudely awakened by the phone ringing 
@xallthatjazzx The very night I watched it, I downloaded it to my laptop and am now very tempted to watch it lawl. 
did some tafe work and am going to do more tomorrow when im at mummas place.. going up for another baking day 
Morninggggg  how am i just up now when my alarm went off two hours a go...
morning all hope everyone is feeling refreashed and ready for a hard days work  ha who am i kidding
am going to a b-day party peace out 
if my nutritionist knew what i had 4breakfast or even @3am this morning or what made me eat @3am this am she would probably $#@! me out. 
Downloaded #tweetie and am back on twitted after a long time 
Relocating is serious trip down memory lane,  so much stuff, so many people gone &amp; so much i 4got be4 my strokes  lucky 2 b alive  am i 
@dhanzathma i dont cool at all. period.  am just learning... taking baby steps
it's like 4 am. I think it's time for bed 
@em_c It's surprising how many people are out running at 8am. All my chores done - can now relax for the day 
@ethanonly #asot400 yes.. how do you figure hahah. been on every day for asot! woke up at 7am now thats an effort believe you me 
@irascian yeap will send it in an hour when am back on the other laptop 
@margienelson but I will make it up to you with paddle sanding and a hike sometime this week, if you like!           (prev: am*)
@mileycyrus We said that at 3 am it's the hour of the demons, the evil ! It's at that time that they come out. But it's just a legende 
Another day, another #episode to score... boy am I glad that I don't work on a #daily #show just yet, what a #grind that would be... 
1-2am tonight (uk time!) tune into lsrfm.com for my international hour show 
had nearly 10000 visits to #herebeforeaplusk since 5am this morning 
international music hour on lsrfm.com 1-2am tonight (uk time!), this week: canada  tune in!
It is afternoon time....what do you except?? am feeling sleepy 
@TerryFree A lovely drive up at 6:30am this morning. The sun is shining at least 
oh well getting another bad headache, so am going to lay down is 11pm here, be back tomorrow, night or morning everyone  waves
pumped to get in bed at 3am, the earliest i've gone to bed in 3 days! 
am gonna spend the day in the sun 
as it turns out, four am is actually not a bad time to spontaneously decide to cut a fringe in one's hair. 
its 5 am in ny - do you know where your kid is? - ahhh - it was a long day - going to reboot myself while sleeping - 
i love staying up until 1:00am on a school night to talk to the most amazing person in the world 
I am getting up at 5am to go to the gym - there's motivation!! I'll tweet in the morning the actual time I go 
i'm in bed  time to sleep off the day. hopefully i wake up by 930 the latest so i cud go to church... what am i wearin? ughh
Just talked to @dimplesings . It's 3am her time and she still called for my birthday...they really do care 
am I seriously up at this hour? Yes..thanks &quot;B&quot;  
ok, time to head home. its 2:30am, i have to be back at 10am. get some sleep 
Its a perfectly nice day outside....why am i not basking in it?.....ahh well twitter calls 
woke up to another exciting day. was awake at 7am. went to bed at 4:20am. and i'm not sleepy at all. orange juice rocks 
@WomenPlanetSci I sort of am.... in preparation for storm chasing! 
just partied until 1am; now BAMBOOZLE! best.weekend.ever! 
preparing the workout for 9am body conditiong class this morning 
am so happy that she thought of us &amp; r future when she seen that movie &amp; is amazed i seen it &amp; was thinking the same at the same time. sj 
going to work until 8am, then off for 4 days!!! text me 
almost done for the day...  be back here at 9am, like a boss.
@taylorswift13 a few hours?  You want me to set an alarm for 4am? 
@xo_nathalieee what time is it there? Its 9am here haha 
http://twitpic.com/4h07e - @MariKurisato I think I'll have to try again another night...couldn't get it right and it's like 2am! 
photo shoot all day  it's 3h50am woooot!
@eleusis7 yeah, am thinking of being strictor on the &quot;contact hours&quot; billing in this instance 
Kids let me me sleep in til 9:15am this morning - a new record I think!  I actually got to wake up on my own - a beautiful thing 
good morning!  library to study all day exam at 830 in the am tomorrow! agh
@redrobinrockn lol its going to b 11am here :p I wished @Dianakhalil a good night as she was about to go to bed! 
@MisssV33 it's 3:37 am, i am going to sleep now. but i be back up in 4 hours...lol. good night 
They grovelled   On tomorrow morning, will post a link to the show, should be on just after 9am if anyone is about 
The mothers day classic went really well, despite the cold 5.30am start 
@siempreuntigre It's the fact that I need to get through half a course by 9 am tomorrow morning that has me down. I'll be at reunions! 
good morning  6.15 am: plans for the day ...nope, nothing interesting
Tidied &amp; hoovered the whole flat - and all b4 10am today  Now we're heading out2 German bakery 4 breakfast followed by a walk in the park
where r all the 5am tweets from @oakleafchurch people...oh that's right...they opened the #houseofrock last night so they're still in bed 
@foxymadam lesson and 9 yesterday. 18 this am and then mothers day brunch! 
am 6/7 weeks pregnant and very tired but happy 
am i hungover, or am i lazy? quite a common predicament as of late. looking forward to recording some tunes later  then studio in 20 days!
@hanaames I'd like to be lazy but they keep on making me wake up at 7am  But I do get two afternoons off a week, so not quite a job 
im up its 7 am.. my b-day is comming soon.. 
just took a late night walk and am incredibly relaxed now 
@k_pamplemousse - yeh for work ....  .... have a launch thing were doing - leave tomoro  morning at 10am.. i hate flying
am home. The wedding was wonderful. And a terrific mothers day to boot. HOw blessed am I? 
thirteen hours later....some progress on the paper...hopefully will be done with it before 3am...feelin' good now 
Up geekin at 4am..after a great session..lol I luv it 
@nachojohnny 9 days exact so u reeeeeady!?!?!?!? i am  see u @ the spot we going hard
@ladystickymoo haha I feel your pain - I just finished a paper at 4:45 am that is due in about 3 hours... 
5 am is an early time to be up and training 
stayed up till 1am to say i drank as soon as i turned 21. hit snooze until i was late this morning  aaand the sun's coming out now!
an evening prayer for @its4am  ? http://blip.fm/~69euz
bout to watch taken again i went to sleep the first time watchin it cause i started it at 2am this morn 
am so excited for this day!  hopefully, it will happen...
ready to sleep it's 2:49am, so i think it's time tosleep,lol 
What time will you be watching the finale? I'll be watching at 8:00 am. 
@laurindogarcia heya - i barely slept this morning haha! but its great am still on adrenalin high. thanks for the links! 
I can't believe i was up at 9am this morning... 
wondreing why most times i mkae speling mistkaes when am typing 
tweet tweet, goodmorning....10am Ttime w @thechristinakim - going to be a fun day 
bed - 2:30am  woke up - 1:30 pm good old 11 hours sleep 
@turpentine2009 hey  yep, sure am, i trust you are as well?  he works today, but  we'll get the evening together 
next training...lifeguard... oh the joy... time to get some training in starting at 6:30 am.. Now thats dedication for you 
am feeling quite reflective today...lost and gained so much this year and last, am still hopeful as ever for the future 
this time next week   (pinpoint live &gt; http://ustre.am/2wLS)
@sartamexicana and a very good morning to you too dear. its about 1:53 am in the U.S. 
am off to go &amp; start locking up - almost time to go home 
good night everyone. work @ 8am..lets see if i'll make it 
@SweetsLady I'm a spring/fall person - so am truly enjoying this weather &amp; this moment. 
tweet tweet  am totally exhausted! Wish I would have a day off tomorrow v.v cbb to spend 9 hours at school *sigh* xox
got a lie in...7am, wwooohooo!  2weeks till new baby (should) be here 
standing on a train platform at 4:30am the things I do for my friends.... and green day.... and me 
5:30am...off the phone..done texting, IM'ing and emailing...ZzZ time  
@sheenasays it will change your life lady!  only 2 more days left of the may basho (broadcast 4-6pm nhk) get into it!
2 am obviously means time to be in the park blocks, wishing on stars!  
I can't think of a better way to waste the night  G'night at 6am.
morning world. 3.45am here just woke up. body clock is messed up. cant wait for breakfast 
am i a little bit to excited to see that my 3rd hour will be playing monopoly today? 
Taking the day off, and up at 6am to make sure I relish every second of it 
@JessicaRochelle don't let it stress you its always good to hear from u 6am wake up time for me twit u soon 
loves summer bonfires....   but does not love having to be at work by 8am the next morning....  
@NelsonAspen never miss the 6.50am report on weekday sunrise! I wake up to nelson 
@velvetacide ..but last year I ran out of necklaces after day 1 and was up until 3am making more-determined to have more stock this time 
@SoYaMun we all do at sum point, But the moment will pass! I got uplifting quotes from 7am-12pm everyday, always helpful for a smile 
@riandawson lol I forgot you were on japan time and was wondering why you were having soundcheck at 3am 
341 am.. i think its time for some zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
@LaChatNoir yes am well- am working from home so that is really good - no 4 hours of travelling for me today lol - hope head gets better! 
