Most common words for this cluster:
[('am', 410), ('work', 35), ('night', 27), ('amp', 20), ('tomorrow', 19), ('time', 19), ('day', 18), ('i', 17), ('hours', 16), ('quot', 15), ('home', 14), ('na', 14)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'AM', 0.9997812509536743), (u'##:##_AM', 0.690406322479248), (u'##:##_PM', 0.6839575171470642), (u'PM', 0.6773728132247925), (u'Multichannel_News_##/##/####_##:##:##', 0.6548773050308228), (u'Radio_WPHT', 0.6531580686569214), (u'Anonymous_##-##-##_##:##', 0.6522768139839172), (u'American_Greetings_Cp', 0.6471120715141296), (u'HOWLS_AT_##:##', 0.6469969153404236), (u'CLAW_AT_##:##', 0.6386741399765015)]





I'm up way to late to be working for a client 12:10 AM  #fb
not twittering in the past 22 days obviously. 1:40AM and taking a small break from ochem. 
I couldn't be less prepared for my 11 AM finance exam...  And I can't seem to make myself do anything about it 
it's 11:18AM in hawaii &amp; i just woke up! i love saturdays...even though i have to work in 2 hours  at least i get monday off!
I need to exercise more. I need to lose weight. Its so difficult to do  I AM A FATTY WAAAGH.
Chores in the AM and golf in the afternoon...to beat up to go out and party. 
@tomwellingtweet but its 1:05 AM &amp; theres none in the house 
birds, can't you tell it's 3:18AM?  anyhow, it's dark.  i'd appreciate some quiet.  
It's been a while since a nightmare woke me up at 5:00 AM; I haven't missed it. 
4:19 AM for me... i'm growing tired  #asot400
@LorenaHeletea  not so sure i saw them as I was gone yest AM and also some posts havnt been  coming up 
My that's early.  I wish I enjoyed mornings more. So much more of a night person so stay up too late and still forced to get up in the AM.
heading off to troy for the day/night...dentist in the AM 
@lyjahmarie 6AM :/ its bad enough that im up at 6:30 but 6AM oh god.  i cant eat in the morning  makes me feel urgh horrible.
@rockstarchick i miss working the late shifts. it was great sleeping until 10AM or later le sigh 
Since @JonathanRKnight has not tweeted again, I am going back to sleep (3rd attempt) LOL! must be up in 3 hrs for work! it's 3:10AM now! 
Once I start working I can't stop... problem is it's now 4:30 AM 
Morning tweetland. So far FOX has not given me a reason to harass them about being wrong this AM  
@icecoldbath meh, 7AM can go fuck itself with a sandpaper dildo...I wanna go back to sleep 
On my way to school in oxfordshire, happy that my day ends at 11:40 AM today due to me being off games for another 6 months 
Leaves D.C. in the AM 
@nerdybirdie But it's 12:40 AM, where am I supposed to find sunshine at this hour? 
Madness with blogging drive. Why?! 3AM 
Knowing I have to work at 6AM, makes it so much harder to go to actually go to sleep! GRR 
Babysitting is a little harder, the baby woke up at 3 AM started crying!  no worries I'll make her feel better!
Sitting at the trailer park... Not having much luck sighting cats this AM... doh 
was woken by a telemarketer's call. Shouldn't they know I got home at 3:30AM last night?! 
ughhhhh! working in the AM on a saturday 
tried to look at AM's profile - still &quot;temporarily unavailable&quot;. If memory serves, for the fourth or fifth day running 
The best part about weekends is sleeping in. I got up at 7AM 
too inspired to sleep, but 5AM sunday shift calls  i guess i'll just put imagery to my dreams while im at it ;) gnite
read news. now it's, time to get up! shouldn't drunk that damn energy drink which prevented me to sleep till 4 AM  gonna take a shower
I'm so sad, I was lucky to see Brysons show, but I missed Jeydons, cuz that was like 2:.... AM in my time and I was really tired 
@SherriEShepherd been up since 4AM, my inner clock wont let me sleep in any more 
In a rare turn, still at work, it's 12:20 AM 
@Teradawn sorry you're still up.  Where are you going in the AM?
5:43 AM!?!? Trying to go back to sleep... 
hates classes, and just wants to go back to bed at 7:30AM.  
5:16 AM and I have to get up. 
@PussyPrevails jus woke up..u never aimed me in the AM 
My iPhone battery died this AM. 
It's sunday 4AM here: I need to work for an hour and I'm pissed ! 
It's 9.30 AM and I'm still waiting 
Ugggggh, why am I not sleeping? 9 AM sharp hip-hop rehersal 
wow... it's 2 AM and they are now here yet 
I HATE when I wake up at 6 AM and can't go back to sleep... 
@alliejoy I can't   Wanted to.  But, now have a meeting tomorrow at 10AM.  Leaving here at 1AM   But heading to the beach now.  THX
waking up in the AM to leave my depressed, unemployed boyfriend, i really feel awful... how are we going to make the rent?! 
@sunshine_ LOOOOLLL I was wondering whooo the hell was that!! I called back at 6 AM but it was busyyyy  What's up, my love?
@ZeRyan66 skype bitch? before i go to bed  its like 1:00 AM :\
i went to sleep in 6 AM and for some reason i'm awake now 
 forgot about my spanish essay. hopefully, i finish before 3 AM.
work again today. up at 3:30AM! I just want to go back to bed 
Only two hours of sleep last night;  and was in the gym by 5AM this morning.
one part of the final translation exams behind us. That was tough  One more part today, 10:00 AM.
I could not sleep until 3:40 AM   horrible / (sunny day!) xoxox
Not sleeping...at 4 AM...so tired 
Omg, it's 7:30AM! I haven't been up this early since college let out. 
61 degrees? Am I still in tejas? I wish I could walk this AM 
I am awake. 3:35:25 AM and stired with vision. This friday is going to be nuts. So far away 
it's almost 12:30AM and i'm already getting tired!!  what is this?!
waking up in 3.5 HOURS!!! 5AM here I come 
it's 2:02AM and i can't go back to sleep 
It's nearly 3:30 AM and I am still looking for a remedy for insomnia 
its six thirty AM and suddenly I'm wide awake. 
It's nearly 11 AM and my son is not awake yet. I want to check on him, but that will surely wake him up and make him cry 
i'm off 2 bed...its 1.00AM and my eyes r closing!!! chat 2morow...wanted 2 get more work done, but cant stay up any longer 
Goooooooood morninnng! It's 8:28 AM and I'm walking to college' I feel.......so tired!  oh well only got...10.5 Days left 
and of course with my body in one time zone and my diurnal clock in another, I was up ready to tweet at 2:30 AM.  
it is 3 AM and i am fully aware of my surroundings... not cool 
getting ready for work. thank goodness i sorted laundry at 2AM! 
I'd pay someone $50 to bring me breakfast. I wasn't able to stop this AM or make it. 
Woke up @6AM, then woke up @8:15AM, my inner alarm clock didn't work today 
gonna watch sniper (chinese movie w/ edison) i ono, looks stupid. goodnight all. gotta get up @ 630AM  for work  eww!
It's midnight...I leave tomorrow at 4 AM...and I can't sleep. 
surgery. monday. 10AM. impaction odondectomy. huhuhu..  btw, have you heard sharon cuneta's version of careless whisper??? ALLURING! haha!
surgery. monday. 10AM. impaction odontectomy. huhuhu..  btw, have you heard sharon cuneta's version of careless whisper??? ALLURING! haha!
@guitar21g @jackie_hussein i have to wake up earlier than i thought.. my dad wants me to take him food at 9AM! no0o0o0o! 
@tommcfly It's 12AM! @buonotomato, @bluejeriberry and I are still up, sending you as much tweets as we can! Philippines tour please? 
Here's almost 1 AM and I'm staying with my open window...otherwise I'd suffocate myself.  It's way too warm! Ah ~ I so much miss rains ! 
@sarahbrooke25: i have work in the AM 
passssin out, work in the AM ! 
i'm so bored  i think i'm gonna read and it's 2:41 AM but who cares it's FRIDAY &lt;3
i wish icould sleep before 3 AM. the past few days have been laaaaame 
@jonasbrothers could you maybe do a livechat way earlier? it was like 2AM here. so we couldnt watch it  but you are amazing no matter what
I think i should go to sleep... its 1:24 AM and i need to start studying for exams tomorrow 
been up since 2:30 AM ... another night of only 3 hours sleep. Getting &quot;tired&quot; of insomnia 
is awake at 5:59 AM 
as always i am up at 8 AM....i am officially old when staying asleep til 8 is late to me 
 1 month of bed by 1:30AM, already failing as you can see
@Oumiec im tired today  long night of moving and drinking lol and working in the AM
Totally missed the AM mark by a lot. Now I feel like my whole day has been wasted. 
Is at my sisters pad for her baby shower..wanted to hang out with AM..but noooo 
It's like 1 AM and I'm not tired  This sucks.
Sorreeeeeee but I can't  Tomorrow is the villiage gala and I'm helping out. That means being there by 8AM :S
great i have to wake up at 6:30 tomorow AM? 
Wow, just went to get up and realized its 5AM 
awake at 4AM... 
goose vargis was fun. met some nice people. don't feel as much as a loser. still sad about novak  will need to run or something tom AM
4:30 AM. Still not sleeping. 
going to attempt to go to sleep so i can get breakfast in the AM (which is technically here) bay area peepls...who wants to roll? pwease? 
UGH!!! It's 4:06 AM, I can't sleep, can't find my cell phone number, I'm having problems with my bank and it's so stinking hot!!! 
I'm hungry and it's 5:30 AM....dunno if I should eat or not. 
house insepction in the AM - and house not ready. sick bubba needs me more 
lastnight wasnt too bad had to take a BLUENIGHT @ 8AM from jane, all the way back to pape because subways doesn't work till 9 on sundays 
I can't wake up any later than 8AM now, &amp; i hate it when i wake up frm coughing 
i woke up late, 9.30AM wasn't planned 
Because of the strong rain and few public vehicles and I have to be in office tomorrow early AM, decided to sleep in the office tonight 
is nervous about the dentist at 9AM in the morning...wish me luck 
Being super bored be for bed i need to be at work at 5AM 
GN all, turning in early have to intern in the AM 
ugh, I don't like being awake at 1 AM, especially not when I don't feel good. 
I don't recommend listening to Oldies at 2 AM. 
E3 Starts at 10AM here but I can't start watching till like 11:45 AM 
still up at 4:38AM ; my mr . officer got his car stolen  all badd . a good night went sour .
Has been up since 3:30 AM and cant sleep. 
@JasonSco good morning jason! yeah, ME TOO! i went to bed @ 1AM and get up @ 6AM. i'm very tired too  still have a long day ahead tho lol
Morning world! I survived my 5AM, &quot;assessment&quot; training session, although I cannot feel any part of my body...  
@SuperWoman357 to fix my finger, I can't do anything for it till like 1AM when my friend will be home. I don't have a splint or anything. 
@theCraigWright  Sure am... have been since 6AM..  stupid work. I too want to lounge naked
5 hour meeting and not evn finished with th basement review yet.    'sigh'  back at it in the AM
definitely feeling better... until 7 hours of class, about to work a 13 hour overnight shift, fam stuff in the AM and then interview... 
Yet an another sleepless night. 5 AM and I call it a day now 
I'm doing my nightly activities of lounging, getting ready for bed, facebook, twitter, aim, watching movies...up at 6:30AM for class! 
fever is gone, but my throat still hurts and the headache is still here...took the AM off, gotta go to work now 
@DrShagwell  have work in the AM im trying to be a responsible person  it blows i wanna play TF2 all night!
Its 1:31AM so I'm going to get some more sleep. I've been really sleepy latley since ive had this crappy fever.  ZZzzzZzzzZzzZzZzzzz......
Why do I get hungry every night around 1AM? 
going to bed.. wake up at 5:30 AM to babysit .. not a fun week 
why does my throat hurt? .. why can't i ever go to sleep before 4AM? 
@annspade I be struggling to sleep, myself, 'cept it's 4:30AM over here. 
@tarushikha Since we're in completely different time zones  new tweets from you are also a sign I need to get to bed. It's 5 AM..!
@jillianlillian I'm like always up at 4 AM I can't sleep 
Electrics gonna go off at 9AM 
3 AM and i can't sleep 
My lips were so chapped that all the skin peeled off &amp; now they're raw. Cute. Also it's 3:30AM &amp; I'm awake w/ 8AM class looming over me 
Finally home (at 3AM), showered up, surfing the net, etc. Just realized my toe has a huge blister on it and it's weirdly throbbing 
@ work again..sad my boo had to get on a plane the AM 
I have a client that calls me AM says he's out of town can I go get his dog? He knew he was going out of town he should call the nite b4 
@kyrocks sorry. That's a no go. I work at 5AM tomorrow 
@jennaburgus   two ships passing in the night! i'm flying down sat AM &amp; back sat afternoon
it's 4 AM. i'm so sick of what people called &quot;insomnia&quot;! and the fact is i miss my rommate! 
@jeanise @cyrenyoung YES I AM!   no im prob not but i want to!
Dreadinggggg waking up at 5AM to be at work at 6!! 
finished work...its 1.36AM ...this is crazy...i gotta be getting ready to get back to work in less than 12 hours 
feeling really down. can't wait to rest and go for run in AM so I'll feel better. 
Going into work at 5:00 AM is going to be awesome 
i had a good night with @camcorporate and @belsonmusic, i'm not as stoked for work in the AM though 
uhh sleepy, and still gotta pack and gotta open at 5AM  may run late for the meet up, but people know I suck &amp; how I roll--I'll try though
It's 3:15 AM and I have to be awake for work in 4 hours  Not cool
ITS 2AM &amp; leavin @ 5AM for a softball tourney.. I think I may just be tired when I wake ..sigh 
I am awake at 3:23 AM because I'm a bigbby whose terrified of thunder &amp; extreme lightning! 
Its 3 AM and I need to getup early to do parade stuff. I wonder if I'll get back to sleep? 
wishing i did not wake up at 730 AM 
http://twitpic.com/6r38f - This is what I do when I come home at 240AM from the city. 
Four hours until work and I've slept two hours since 6AM yesterday. And my nephew pointed out that I rarely come to see him anymore.  
9AM. just woke up. slept at 2AM. had the scariest nightmare. 
@Simriel still, its already almost half 1  and i have to be up at 9AM i dont know how long the install takes
@aishahnordin 60 CUPCAKES AT 3AM? nak please 
is tired from waking up early just to be at work at 7:45...AM!!! this shouldn't happen during summer 
my body hurts and I have to be up at 7:30 AM for work tomorrow 
going to bed soon...waking up at 6 AM to leave for georgia...gonna miss ponte vedra and hanging with the family!! 
I keep waking up at 1AM in a zombie haze 
@JanaAlyssa it really does  you had to work this morning yeaah? What time do you normally finish? Theres nothing nice before 9AM 
got my first parking ticket  wonder how much it will cost. also: who the hell checks at 4AM?!!!
good night everyone. im going to sleep; its 12:41 AM. 
its 3AM and im still awake. aghhh... 
4:14 AM  ughhhh
It's officialy 4:21 AM and I can't sleep ! ! 
A little past 4:30AM and i cant sleep.. And, there's no one to talk to on msn..  where was this a week ago!?
So..I figured out that when there's crappy dinner at a 6:30 awards ceremony - and I don't eat said crappy food - I get hungry at 1:40AM.. 
it's 5 AM and i can't fall back asleep 
Wow, I'm tired. To bed at 1:30AM, awake at 4:00AM and back to work. Ahhhhh 
The problem with going to bed at 10:30 is that I wake up at 6 AM. 
Went to bed at 4 AM. Woke up first time at 7:30 AM. 
Off to bed. It's 12 AM , have school tomorrow 
@LisaAucoin I couldnt make it to the 8 AM session  .
@ShawtyyySoBadd lol thats cool... omg nicca I have to wake up at 530AM 
SOooo not looking forward to work in the AM 
so that sugar free rockstar finally decided to kick in. i'm practically bouncing off the walls. too bad it's 12:00...AM. greaaaaat 
Vacation is over going to work in the AM. 
mmm... I only slept 3 hrs last night. It's 1 AM now. I'm not even sleepy. I could twitter all night. I have a meeting in the morning 
Its 4:35AM and I need to sleep!!! No ideas for my new site?  http://bit.ly/h0tWT
How I break stuff... by programming at FOUR AM. But it's the only time I can focus 
Its 3AM n I'm still awake.  wteff!
is so upset thats she is up at 6 AM and cant go back to sleep... Sadtime 
Ugh, 6:30AM flight equals sad me 
@CasAries Blessed it started at 5 AM  sleepy still but hey gotta come to work... how's yours?
just wants to go back to beddd  classes + lab = a sucky way to start the AM!
@oPONOo good thanks, just getting ready for a meeting this AM unfortunately, have to make a living..no sugar daddy 
i forgot how much i hated 8AM classes. I remember now. 
I have to go to the dentist tomorrow at 7:00 AM 
egg mcmuffin at 10AM  (no lunch broke) 
still couldn't sleep. goodness, now it's 3.20 AM and i have to wake up early this morning. any advice anyone? 
cant sleep even at 2:05AM IST 
wauw i'm tryna surpass this no-carb diet shit....but nawh...i'm already failing the first...eating cookies at 2AM  what a failure!
It's 2:30AM.. just got home from the Leicester show, good times! I have to be up at 7:30AM for work.. bad times  .. night night!
Still can't sleep, 3:42 AM 
I have to get up at 4:30 AM tomorrow 
Home from work, tring to relax some, then heading back out there at 8AM 
going to get ready for bed. got tennis lined up for 545am. AM workouts are the way to go. only thing bw me an happy hour is work 
bed time, and so ends my vacation... back to work in the AM  http://twitpic.com/7isc8
trying to go to bed at a decent hour....by that i mean 1AM. i've been staying up so late. i never sleep well without you 
still up not studying i wana finish in the AM 
calling it quits for the nite....busssy day tomm  lsat class in the AM...then working until close. blah and more blah
cough please let me sleep now, it's 3:30 AM, i am tired and haven't stayed up this late in foreverrr 
talking to my boy eeee!!!! bed time now  school in the AM what what
i am that way inclined. are you? 4AM. still can't sleep. ah, boo. 
This is why I should have went to bed before 3 AM at least once during my time off.  
ortho appt at 8:30AM  *shakes
it's 7 am....WHY AM I AWAKE. WTFPOLARBEAR. 
@sydjfk Lunch is at 9AM, so not for 3 more hours!!!! 
fell asleep at 7:45AM and woke up at 1. It's now 5:30AM and I thought I'd be tired from todayyy 
@dannygokey wow... i want to ... but it's 4AM in here &gt;.&lt; can't live chat although i want to... 
@_MIIMII_ 1:15  tomorrow and thurs I have one at 9 AM
is taking a break from studying to sleep! waking up at 6 AM is not fun when you couldnt sleep the night before 
It's 12:35 AM and I want instant noodles! 
02:00 AM - I don't want to go to bed 
Hey @alyankovic will you sing me a goodnight song? It's 2:57 AM out here and I can't sleep   (#WeirdAl live &gt; http://ustre.am/3nDH)
Hey @alyankovic can you sing me a goodnight song? It's 3:00 AM here and I can't sleep  pleaaase  (#WeirdAl live &gt; http://ustre.am/3nDH)
@riesquared: also, the horror started at 9:00AM and lasted for 3 hours. 
I'm not happy with the fact that I have to wake up at 6:00AM to go to an office and do pitiful interfiling work. 
No internet tonight   (timber, call me in AM w/ time to arrive at your house!
Is going to bed, will check back in the AM...fingers crossed... 3.0 
@origin05 I am good...gonna feel like crap in the AM tho. LOL I keep napping in the evening... 
Wrapped up last qna of AM !  feeling nostalgic ! Thank you AM, its been a wonderful journey ! @AnimationMentor
is sick once again  everytime i cough my head begins to pund....and to top it off i gotta be at work tomorrow at 8AM!!! pray for me plz!
I'm home. I should go to bed soon since I'm getting a wake-up call at 9:30AM  five hours of sleep, if I can fall asleep in half an hour...
@markphelan iPhone 3.0 isn't due out until around 10AM pacific, or 6pm out time 
2.5K swim set this AM 20x100s on 1:35 got tough towards the end 
I hate my 7.30AM class  It's incredibly UNGODLY to have a class at that time.
home alone till 1AM  errrrrrr
@ItzRissaBaby I was playing basktball with my boyz from 8 - 11 got home at 11:40 and got paged by my job and i was up until 2 AM 
going to bed now. I have to wake up at 6 AM. 
1 AM. going to bed.... but i'm not sleepy 
@jmfinn (fat fingering last response) you're an animal - i love it! can't make both ...packed AM tmrw, no longer 20yro 
Going to bed since I'm officially an idiot and must be at work at 4:30AM on my day off 
i'd feel better about going home soon, if it didn't mean that tomorrow i am having stitches removed at 9AM.  i like my franken-arm
It's 1:00AM and I can't sleep. 
It is 8 AM.... too early.... **yawn**. A fly kept me awake from 6AM because it liked buzzing around me and landing on me every minute.. 
shld go 2 zzz soon .... vacation 2morrow &amp; ive 2 get up at 10 AM !!! crazzy ! cn still twttr but cnt facebook  B back sunday !
It's 3:16 AM and I can't sleep 
Enjoying a nice cup of coffee at 2:40AM haha can't help it I was craving it!! I also want a krispy kreme doughnut but don't have any 
its 6:35 AM and i gotta go to school  6:36 , but im going to darien lake tomorrow rain or shine im gonna go on every ride 6:37
How is today so stressful already? I almost just poured myself a glass of wine, but then realized it's 8 AM 
twittered off her phone at 2:42AM and is disappointed because it didn't show up  whatever. godbless you twitss.
@james_1990 its ten past six AM. 
How can operation turn around america begin when gjerts doesn't respond to emails @marclaitin sends at 10AM?  
last day of school in the AM  I love my class
welp, calling it a day now.  we're all cleaned and closed up!  tomorrow, i'm on at 8AM though 
bout to go to bed...6 AM bed times are no good for me 
Watching sex and the city and I can't sleep and gotta b up early in the AM 
night tweeps...work at 11 in the AM 
I want some orange juice!  Really bad! But where can I get some at 3 AM? 
Still up  ada's about to get smacked with a big storm. love AM storms -Stevo
haha look at the line to get a new iPhone. I must be like the 50th person and I got here right at 7 AM  http://twitpic.com/7shai
@officialTila so bad i cant watch it  its just too late for me.. its 12:49 AM..
have heart burn like crazy and i dont wanna work in the morning at 7AM!! 
finally headn home from CB...back there @ 6 AM    
a wedding and traffic snarls later, was home @ 3AM .. back at work now 
people, we've been here since 7AM why are you just making your way here NOW???? it's late and I had dinner plans 
@d_garmo71 I voted till 2AM. I can't vote no more my fingers are bleedin'. I tried, but he stayed ahead by 6-8 all night. *clings* 
Hearing gunshots or fireworks every couple minutes and it's making the dog go berserk. 2AM fail 
@exalen unfortunately, it was AM 
In soooo much pain  gonna sleep it off &amp; try again in the AM. G'nite twits!!!
It's midnight, I'm back from my tweet up. I had a blast! Headed to bed to be up @3AM to catch 6AM flight. Yikes! &amp; I have a 4 hr layover. 
Its 3:20 AM.. I just got home and I'm starving   I need to go food shopping!
We're off to see mcfly at 8:45AM no twitter all day! 
bored to death at 1AM  -__- might as well sleep. i've got major eye bags. not even eye bags; more like luggage 
I had to wake up at 8 AM because someone wants to wash my windows? 
well, im up  its 8:02AM. but my bby keeps sayin' &quot;awe&quot; and its adorable&lt;3
@rayjohnz oh. im guessing you live far from school? - oh dammit! that reminds me.. i should leave home at 5.45 AM on monday. 
home... finally, class in the AM. 
Home work this early in the AM is not a fun thing to do ... I wanna watch cartoons 
SAAAAAAM! bout to record. then prolly lay down. gotta session at THREE AM ..mad i cant go hear t-pain dj tonite  how r u? @SamanthaOfUM
Gveny baby will go away from me at 6:30AM this morning 
I still can't sleep 05:17:37 AM 
@iEgg I can not sir...I'm stuck at work till 1AM 
@ddlovato at least it's not night time!! that happened to me once at like 4:30AM. it sucks 
It's no fun having to wake up at 7.30 AM because of a stupid christening 
iight ALL my twiggaz hope u enjoyed the show 2nite lmaooo bouts to hit the pillows and wake up on another BORIN ass sunday  tty in the AM
so.. i'm pretty bored right now  its like 3 AM in my country and i can't sleep, i blame the computer... there're so many good things to do
sooo... it's like 3 AM in my country and i CAN'T SLEEP!  i blame the computer... there're soo many good things to do, IT'S ADDICTING! haha
Up with the kids at 4 AM...grr...I miss my sleep!!!   If the hubby would keep quiet when he gets up for work, he wouldn't wake the kids.
and now he's left me. 4:15AM and i'm chatting with someone back home. i miss hk so so so much. take me back 
slept horribleee. :\ &amp; got in trouble at like-3AM for having the air conditioner on. 
@the_roxmaniac the live pod is at 8.30 PM EST? as in 2.30 AM here? yeah, I doubt I'll be awake for that 
Out working last night until 5:00 AM, leaving now to work some more. 
Just got some clothes for observation hours tomorrow..yay 5 AM 
@ComcastBill it's been resolved... kind of.  but i was told one solution for my non-working remote last night and a different one this AM 
Dammit, I hve gottn into this AM rut where I feel like I need coffee  No worries, I carry a toothbrush @ all times, No stains on my teeth
working a double today...10 AM to 3 AM  visitors more than welcome!!!!!!
says It's 4AM and I'm hungry.  http://plurk.com/p/13ciad
@yassoma good for u mash'allah .. my sister didn't finished it yet and I'll have to wake her at 3 AM to complete the last chapter 
@ShYnInStAr  I was over there last wEEk but it was 10:00 in the AM  I be back sOOn
Writing back a childhood friend who's locked up right now.  I don't co-sign what he did to get there, but who AM I to judge him!
@stevenshipe is an ultimate loser. and he has to be at work on sunday mornings at 8:00 AM   
Taking of pelham 123 was very good. Suspensful and exciting...bed for now! Shingeling in the AM 
In bed so very sick! I can't stop coughing, can't breathe this is awful. Hospital in the AM, please someone come take care of me 
@JoieElectric well at least you got some sleep! I am still up at 2:41 AM. I have had the strangest sleep schedule recently. 
It's 1 AM and I am still working 
@JonathanRKnight I feeeeel ur pain...for real cramps...did I just post this!  I'm up and it's 4AM...with a glass of wine and a truffel 
is this fake tweets?  err no more waking up at 5 AM and slicing garlics
@hookbill So right! I have a Dr. appt I can't miss this AM and I'm worried about the driving. 
So I wake up at 8AM from a nightmare and decide to do my work for COM 140. Turns out my instructor is in the hospital, maybe for a week. 
it's only 11:12P, but my body thinks it's 6 in the AM. boo... 
Not even 9:30 AM &amp; I already have a headache   can I get worker's comp?
Just realized that I'm not actually funnier at 5 AM, it just FEELS like I'm funnier. 
I'm leaving at 3 AM tomorrow......I still have nothing packed. 
I am so hungry, haven't eaten anything since like 9 AM 
just got up... no more 5 AM chatting convos! getting ready then going to the doctor! 
@mileycyrus its 10AM here in Europe and I'm falling asleep. If you cant sleep just turn on some slow beautiful music and listen to it 
good morning. smile &amp; have a blessed day. (i'm feeling v. spiritual this AM). peace be with you. 
@Kayteaface bail. have a good rest of your day from here, 12.50AM of the next day... I am from your future  lol iunno. night xx
computer clean up, shower, coast to coast AM, bed, then tomorrow.   
@RobertHolik sounds good, i sometimes find it hard to get off twitter myself, even when it is 3AM haha sleep well talk soon! 
smelling perfume samples!  HOW COOL AM I! xD
Nothing like drinking and playing rock came until 2AM with your closest friends 
@drdariush has been here since 10:08 AM Mar 18th, 2007 ... well before @oprah 
@jdglass I worked all AM. I find it possible to stop for an hour. 
I should be asleep; its 4 AM 
@n_bond nvm, I see one!  ok night momma I love you! talk to you in the AM
i need to un-follow some people (not you! i talking about celebritys) becuase my ipod is dead evrmorning cus i talk to yvonne till 3 a|AM 
I'M ON! today from 8-9AM ..time to tune in  www.justin.tv/wsmnradio?98
Warming up for a nice, long bike ride tomorrow with a 90-min indoor spin at 7AM....time to snooze, methinks 
park w kikko&amp;daryl in the AM, biking by the seawall w joe&amp;jules, qoola(w kiwi&amp;raspberries) &amp; our 1st family night in 5 months  goooood day
still up&quot;watching clueless&quot;pis'd because i wanted 2go out but work in the AM.. sighs..making that money tho so dont get it twitted... 
Off to bed so I can be up at 3:15 AM. G'night Twitters 
being a fag up at 3 36AM listening to some nigga be@tZ. 
drinky dranky drunk. my bed feels nice.  im listening to kaskade - 4 AM, cuz...well...its 4 AM. gnight suckahz.
@Raeskies raeeeeeeeeee! im gonna need your help with this twitter o_o but anyway, its like 12AM ! and love you toooo ! 
Imagination Avenue is open 4 playtime 2day from 10 AM - 3 PM.  
My sleeping hours really is messed up. 1.35AM and i'm about to watch a movie. 
@AprilFilms One of my earliest memories is traveling in a car, with Hollies LCWiaBD playing on the AM radio. That's how old I am 
@gaspitslauren haha thankss [: im good too! lmaoo  im really awake even though its 2AM
congrats above the sun!!!!   2:04AM and I'm notttt tiiired yettttt.
Jesus its AM and i am up! its not just AM its 10 AM! i am never up this early on a weekend! 
Shadowing @broknhallelujah at @vintage21 this morning for video.  Hopefully sitting next to @lowercaseerin during the 10 AM service 
it's 4 AM and i'm going to runnnnn 
lol.... golden girls.. thank u for bein a friend. on that note its clearly too late for me to be up, back to bed, running in the AM  xoxo!
listening to AM- teddy picker  She saw it and she grabbed it and it wasn't what it seemed
Brad Fastings is my favorite person to hang out with from 12 AM to 5 AM 
it's after 3 AM.!!  I think it's time to bed.!!  have a good night twitts.! ;))
I've never been that close to falling asleep while standing.  looking forward to pushing faders tomorrow AM 
T9R8AM booked. im arriving medan on 27th june. 1155hours 
Is still awake at 5AM but for way better reasons.  A fantastic night with fantastic people... and fantastic food!!  
was in office before 8:30 AM 
k im off twitter i have a freakin exam in the AM time to study then sleep! nite my tweetheartsz  i wanna see 160 followers when i wake up!
 insomniac enjoying life @ 3:21AM.
I think I'm nocturnal, I'm glad I have three months ahead of me where I do not have to get up at 06:30 AM. 
wow, woke up to 2 sales, 4 convos and 30 new hearts! checked craft cult and i was on the #etsy front page around 2 AM! 
1 hora pro show do TRV$AM  #delongeday
its like, 1 AM &amp; i feel like eating pasta. is that weird? haha 
@FrannyM101 ya im totally aware! It was 5:00pm here, and so then it must've been 5:00AM there... hehe hard math  hehe
@Mommykins41 9:30 in the AM 
@kavipuff I bet I'll feel differently rolling out of bed at 7 in the AM.  and argh, allergies! I must recommend Zrytec-D the power drug...
tree planting in the AM 
Ugh! 2:15AM!!!! ok... that's it I'm hitting the sack!  g'night/g'morning! 
couldn't find any sports news on AM radio or cable tv. finally got wifi connect to learn 12 hours later that Lakers won...so relieved 
Going to bed - see you at 5:30 AM...i hope  That is at least my plan...until 5:30AM comes around...
finished bullshitting 5 pages! 8AM wake up, breakfast with mommy, them back to the D. goodnight 
multi-tasking this AM. riding bike on stand while I study. used to do it b4 &amp; works like a charm. proof that exercise makes u smarter 
We're feeling peppy and PINwhackingtastic this AM! 
My yay! announcement is due at 10 AM est. 
I've been up since 5AM... went for a run, watched the sun come up, had a wicked breakfast, now at the office listening to amazing tunes. 
slowly mellowing out from my energy drink/monday AM high.  enjoi. im off to charlottesville.  ? http://blip.fm/~6j12j
Going to bed now... at 10:23AM  whenever I get up I'll start scanning in my sketchbooks.
@Chrisstank  what, did an earthquake wake you up? or my text at 3:40 AM your time? 
ok it is 9.42 AM and  i can bearly see my keyboard for the paperwork yay what a day its gonna be lol 
can't wait 'till 11 AM 
im feeling really good today. i slept about 4:30AM. i woke up at 7AM. I slept at 8AM and i woke up 3PM. I had very good dreams. 
@rudedoodle already been there this AM! 
@ralpharama #ralphphonelottery 11:33AM is my guesstimate for your phone arriving 
Off to the Meditterean at 5 in the AM tommorrow , so excited to be finally going and having a week off 
-- g'night tweeties! &lt;3 talk to you all in the AM  - @damesmash haha you have work in the AM
@StaceyMonk have strong thoughts - will write a post in the AM. brain smushy now 
Sometimes calling your local radio station to ask how to spell a word at 1AM is okay... I dont mind... but dont make it a trend 
@jennihogan love watchin you every morning..even though there's no need at 4:30AM but it's good to see you bright and early 
it is LATE &amp; i do have a &quot;real&quot; job to be at in the AM so i should get some sleep.  keep on retweeting please! thank you for the support!
@7rex lol hey, I work overnight shifts. :p  I'll be awake until about 10 AM. 
A 1 1/2 hour nap @ 1 AM a.k.a. &quot;I fell asleep while studying&quot;  But back into consciousness and back to school!
@FillmoreRich3 @DEO415 @SimonaSpeaks @SamSneaker @ms211nla @OhSoSexy730 @msfamous @echohattix  What's goin' zone early AM crew? 
