Most common words for this cluster:
[('america', 271), ('american', 133), ('idol', 33), ('quot', 25), ('i', 21), ('day', 14), ('na', 13), ('north', 12), ('today', 12), ('lol', 11), ('http', 11), ('bank', 10)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'America', 0.930240273475647), (u'American', 0.7731995582580566), (u'United_States', 0.5972386598587036), (u'Americaand', 0.5775837898254395), (u'Amercia', 0.5718222856521606), (u'Amerca', 0.5375510454177856), (u'America\xe2_\u20ac_\u2122', 0.5273981094360352), (u'Deerfield_Ill._Takeda_Pharmaceuticals', 0.523368775844574), (u'Amercian', 0.5164336562156677), (u'Europe', 0.5148524045944214)]





I wish the exchange rate was as good as last time I went to America! 
American Apparel Kids 
wishes she lived in America....i dont belong here 
Guess I bought too early. Ticket to Maui next week on American dropped about $50  Should have waited.
My daughter is having a play date with her best American friend.. I wish they got to see each other more. 
I was reading about food radiation in Scientific America. Made me think twice before eating those nice looking strawberries on the table 
@girlandcowdog Aww!  I thought it was sunny all over America... I'm sorry, dear. 
#ILHM Soul Children of Chgo sing &quot;America the Beautiful&quot;   iPhone battery won't last 2 more hours of updates. 
is watching Iron Chef America... secret ingredient is the olive... I think I just threw up in my mouth a little... actually a lot... 
I wanna go to America! it's too expensive though  gosh. so unfair!
@ashlondon ahaha let me rephrase: favourite non-American, non-famous, non-fictional... yes ashley, she isn't real  time 2 smell the coffee
Somali pirates will now hear the roar of America: &quot;Go sit in front of a judge!&quot; Surely this will stop all pirating and send a out chills. 
I wish I lived in America ... ...  and had nicer legs 
@LaoOcean salsa dancing.. lucky you!! I haven't done that since I lived in America  damn you. i'm jealous!
finally JONAS series premieres in the U.S. for good I believe that Latin America will take a bit more 
cannot decide what to today since he has work at 5.30 tonight  I wanna go to America 
I wish I lived in America so I could go to Bamboozle.  So many amazing bands in one place!
@buzzflash Want my Air America back! The must-listen, always-relevant Air America of yore! 
Niqht Tweeple..I have like the worst headache in America!!! This is sooo not my weekend 
Why did nobody tell me that American Adventure closed down?! 
Packing for my 4 month trip 2 America - good times! I've too much stuff to pack- bad times  xoxo
Wish greAt America was great now I feel super pukey 
@nataliefisher ILU NAT but I live in America 
@robclark   I was just kidding, like the American Express commercials &quot;Don't leave home without it&quot;
@dcjc I agree about Palin. I love her but she is too divisive for main street America. The media doomed her from day one. 
Is watching sunday best i personally think that sunday best is som uch better than American Idol.so upset that my gurl jessica didnt win 
Awww, darnit, my favorite American Idol contestant got voted off tonight!     ((sigh))
American idol is bs!  not happy with results
American Idol next on Starworld!  But I know who was kicked out already. 
what happened, America? my bet was on Danny!  hahaha
Watched The Golden Compass last night, really liked it. Shame it didnt do great in America ('atheistic' themes), sequel looks unlikely 
@MargaretBavaria uuggh! I know  &quot;13 percent less than last year, cutting visits to North America most sharply&quot; Definitely felt it here!
cant believe America voted out Danny Gokey 
I wish I could get excited about American Idol, but I just cant..... 
@thekenlong American idol is dead to me now. Won't watch anymore this season. 
I can't believe it.. @dannygokey was eliminated in American Idol.. 
@ddlovato  Have fun in South America, though! Go visit Tegucigalpa! lol jk That's the only S.American place I remember from Spanish class.
Just heard a song from Paramore's new album that they performed in Vegas. It's so awesomee! I wish I lived in America to see them on tour 
God I wish I was still in America 
@ryandrews me me me and me... well actually not me, as i have to fly to America  boooooooooooooo
I suddenly have a very very strong desire to be back in America. Specifically, back in college living with my best friends again. 
@DrRandPink  baby Kraft Brie is useless! Its lazier than your average American 
I cannot WAIT to move to America. Wish i could go now. Trying to remember that work earns money, however much i dont wanna do it 
Please please can all American airlines get their act together! Not having individual screens on a long haul flight is passe...and mean! 
@tommcfly No America while you're in the Western hemisphere? 
Yeesh. American drama series seem to be dropping like flies!! Harsh times 
Wishes elections in Latin America could bring positive results like they did in India.  Emerging markets disparities 
@dtan0914  Hannah Montana blackberries make me afraid to go back to America  
urrrgggg im tryn to watch the final of American idol AND new zealands next top model ! 
Trust America to rob the gay guy of his victory.  (on American Idol)
Watching American idol, but I already no who wins thanks to twitter 
Looking for holidays to America. They don't come cheap do they!! 
@tomlenk You can still find the soy based in America, they are just really pushing the coconut milk stuff right now. 
...that America wanted Adam Lambert to be their American Idol. A sadly predictable travesty in the goddam conservative USofA 
Unfortunately, America isn't ready for someone as edgy as  Adam 
@pandabelle I was at the American Club for dinner! we must have missed each other 
Megatron leaves tomorrow  American Bartending school on thursday, market research till then
@Sarcasma That seems to be America's biggest problem... 
@sepinwall I considered watching The American President until the husband took command to watch basketball.  
@zackintoys Sadly, it doesn't  I was so hopeful after American Doll Posse, too ... it's just so blah and vacant of dynamic.
@irascian ach, probably not... they are labeled as MI-5, which I believe was the name used when they aired on BBC America 
@tim_weber I wrote a leadership essay abt its founder. The expansion didn't went well, tried to break in America. Lots of money burned. 
Mobile phone check-in? Another fail! American's service came close, but crashed at the gate. I'm now 0 for 3. 
@OfficialBB  Will we be able to see clips/episodes on the C4 website from America?  Or will I languish reading the news stories again?  
@ceidiog I'm not in America! I'm not going anymore  You phoned earlier?
@TraceyHewins Tired! I may have to go to bed. Trouble is I miss all my American evening friends.     X
I want to go to America!  I think part of me belongs there. So lets start a 'plane fund' for me to fly there.
@numpty77 camp America? I looked at doin that but money money money, there's never enough 
@ThrushVintage @daniellexo I'm jealous. Life in small town middle America = no Ikea.  
@ajandtjsmommy oh no  how come? I tried authentic Italian... The noodles are steamed and soo not like American Italian lol
Moving to America for 4 months soon  hope I get to meet @taylorswift13
Moving to America for 4 months soon alone  hope I get to meet @taylorswift13
No brewing today... All 3 liquor barns are out of #1010 American Wheat yeast 
I ate too much! and #itsucks American idol is over!!! I miss it.. 
@Nojo_1 I ate too much! and #itsucks American idol is over!!! I miss it.. 
@lilyroseallen Lily, you staying up late and watching telly. They took away my comedy night on BBC America! I'm so pissed off about that! 
Man... We have it so good here in America... Ppl just don't realize that 
Can't explain how I feel at this moment ... America during WWII ... I can't believe it ... 
I couldn't find anything that I like  except a pink n purple white at American apparel
I miss you efe and I cant wait till you come back. America is boring without you  around... 
What the hell happened to BBC America? UGH! and there is nothing on tv right now 
American Pie and cookie dough. There's nothing better! I miss my pumasoar! 
I dont think anyone can truly comprehend just quite how boring the American Constitution is to read when its all sunny outside 
@britttnicole LUCKY! wish i lived in America so i could drive next year! but i have to wait until im 18! it sucks... lucky Americans 
I'm gonna watching &quot;America america&quot; with my parents (  ) B back later xx
@Clyssus It's just the way our society has been led. The American Dream and all that. I also noticed last.fm being down 
Just found out I can't go to Mall of America. 
Haha. America's awake. Fania has to sleeep. 
@rbrtpttnsn I can't see it  in Latin America they are transmited on june 4! but good luck! I hope you take all the prizes, you deserve it
Seoul airport is brilliantly laid out.  I'm embarrassed that Dulles is America's capital airport.  Duty free is all closed though 
wait wait wah time is it in America now ? please someone tel me its near 9 &amp; mtv start at 9 right?? im naat staying up til 3 to watch it 
Watching America's favorite game and wishing Budweiser was still American owned!! 
Applying for Placements!!!! Wish I could work in America though 
very fitting and movie short (short!) film on this somber day: http://is.gd/KYSQ America is sad sometimes 
@jobiegirl6 Me, too.   We could hang out and watch doctor who together.  Or something.  And eat American food.  Siiiigh.
We have arrived in the armpit of America! Screw New Jersey! It already stanks! 
Why am I the only person in America who is not home watching my boyfriend win all the MTV movie awards??   
@MacBoyPro I'd Love to sign up to Swagbucks....But it's available to only America,Canada and U.K... And i'm down under  !!
Loving MTV awards! not loving to delay from America though, i already heard who won 
My best friend has gone on holiday to America, and left me here at school sat on a bench.  
I really wish that i lived in America 
Imagine if people didn't buy gas for an entire week? I wish the American people could do such a thing, but we won't, me included. 
Another loser: I just lost the game.  But other than that, I'm having an okay time in my America.. http://tinyurl.com/nsetth
@hamstir That was America's loss. It did not chart here. 
Looks like the America trip isn't happening. *Sob* 
So the American Eagle site went down right as I was using my reward coupon. By the time is was back on, it was 12am and it had expired!!! 
It would be great if I could hear audio from the Center for American Progress Web 2.0 and the Federal Govt event 
@joebonsall Yep, great analogy ~ across the board.  Honk three times from your new truck cab  &quot;if you love America&quot;....regardless 
@WerewolfEmbry :giggles: I think my Asian genes are getting in the way of my Native American genes and are refusing to let me grow taller 
@WerewolfEmbry :sighs: I cannot help that I am little. :rolls eyes: Unfair, really. I've seen some tall Native American girls. 
Still in American Studies. Uber hungry! Forgot my money tho 
This American can not run on Dunkin', 
@bbbmanuel hey BoBBi, do I gotta be famous for you to notice me?  cuz I'm famous just not in America..
@coollike i'm sorry American TV sucks. 
I wish I didn't get in these moods.  Damn you Bank of America for overdraft fees 
Nearing the end of Captain America by Brubaker Omnibus vol. 1. Disappointing that there won't be a vol. 2 with 26-50ish. 
@hellocuppycake It was horrible! BIS was down in North America for about an hour... 
@coollike This is why I dislike North American TV, and I'm North American 
RIP for GM, as GM goes, so goes America 
neighbors threw an American flag in their trash cart.NOT cool.There is a proper way to dispose of her and &quot;out like bad banana&quot; is NOT it 
@cakesandbakes Ohh nooo!  We're in America! Lol spoilt little brat aren't I?
So annoyed that America have The Sims 3 already 
@coseyfannitutti I wish we got real bbc instead of the American version  breaking bad sounds good, like a  poem-perhaps will work on that
@SpunkyBraun Not sure about that anymore. After &quot;socializing&quot; generations, I think America is starting to embrace it. 
http://twitpic.com/6hb2b - I'll miss you. America is soooo far away honey.. 
@JonJennings dubing of American TV is usually quite comical, but they tried to cover it up here, just not very well 
My favorite Bank of America customer service representative, Moshe, apparently lied to me about not being charged a late fee last month.  
@tommcfly are you guys ever going to come to America?  it seems like you guys will never come here! have you guys ever talked about it?
I am so mad that they are doing American Idol auditions so early! I was looking forward to auditioning! 
@fhitria can't get there  can't get to America and can't get to oz. They need to do inbetween
@matthewcj yes im far east. Eastniner Forest.  I want to get back to America.
people in America are so cold hearted, it kills me. 
@Sweet_America80 The power went out...its hot 
@steeffs I only know one Gaskarth dude,.. I hate it that we're not living in America... 
Okay, I lied. I ALWAYS wish I lived in America 
@mileycyrus @TraceCyrus is your tour only in America? If so that sucks  englaaaaand!!!
Miley's touring. But, not in England .... Just North America ...... 
American eagle didn't have my size 
@robertliefeld Based on latest fads, there's a 60% chance the new Captain America is Barack Obama. Would anyone really be surprised? 
@mrkrgnao you make me want to scoop you up and bring you back to America  friend!!
Why won't 1&amp;1 do private registrations in the UK?  They do in America...
@IpodWendy I wanna be eating Krispy Kremes in America 
&lt;---wishes she were at Road America 
@fleurdeliser I had literally NO IDEA, no idea he was even touring in America currently. Don't know how I missed that fact.   
American Apparel is hiring...too bad I have to get a job in Blair, not Omaha 
So pretty much Its a wrap!  but I got my makeup did by paula from American idols personal makeup artist!
I HATE driving the speed limit!! The longest bridge in America feels much longer. 
its so unfair that some schools in America get to study twilight for their exams and we are stuck with a mid-summer nights dream 
I wish I lived in America 
@alaaro that was our plan but they closed early for an event  they decided to stay in fairfax, so bowl America wins
@kyletolle I've been petioning for years for America to celebrate how awesome I am for an hour every day. No luck yet. 
 why am I going home @ 235. Really Atlanta really??!!!  Ugh. This wouldn't happen in Paris. America fail.
Leaving for America early tonight with Nina's friend.... should be exciting.... i haven't even packed yet, Oppps 
Leaving for America tonight with @ninakayhusk friend Annie tonight... gonna be fun, I haven't even started packing yet, Oppps 
@amcmoore bank of America sucks. That site is in flash and I'm on my iPhone  anything or rhode island or mass?
African American male whom has experienced such awful racism, so sad  Anyway, d spiritual REVELATION I now feel is truly leading me toward
Protip: on American, it's waaay cheaper to check two bags, rather than one bag over 50lbs 
@Sweet_America80  i didnt get my phone sucka 
so bored right now...just watched E news and i saw that they have a cruise with the twilight stars..but its only in America! 
Then they argued about the Japanese food supply and the Japanese working here in America, only racism gets them to talk about deep stuff 
@ayellowbirds man, one of my favorite American Manga artists was there   I wish I had known you were going...
@CaseyPCarlson I wish you got to go on the American idol tour 
Just saw a commercial that an animal is abused or neglected every 10 seconds in America 
@cvgurau Can't say too much about it (Disney doesn't release any BDs in South America, And the copy I saw at the theatre was a bit grainy 
@BMolko Hopefully someone will post a vid of that on youtube, since the only Brit channel I get is BBC America. 
HP helpdesk 24/7 in US/Asia, 7-7pm 7 days for South America, 9-3pm Mon-Fri for Europe......says it all really. (via @mitmac) Afraid so 
Damn, I really need to get me to America A.S.A.P 
@saintnicholasj a bit of a problem with that... you Live in America i live in Scotland  if you come here we will play lol
I read where kids are bastardizing English?...Nothing new America's been fucking with it for years 
America and the Wider World really does suck haha there's so much politics involved 
Maybe a long shower will make me feel better  Ugh. I fucking hate America's health care system. We need to be like England!
@tommcfly What about an European tour??You always go 2 south America...It's not fair.. 
Plans today include reading American lit, reading a little American theater, and reading more American lit.  Sounds like fun to me 
i miss my cousin  she's in Australia and i will be in America. i can't see her for so much time.
@symphnysldr I wish I could go  mabye I'll come to America for your next tour?
Last night in America for a little while.... I'm going to miss all my bears and bunnys here sooooo much 
@LupieStardust As an American, I can DEFINITELY sympathize. 
Driving to Great America to puck up my brother and his friends. Gahhh gonna have to settle with  listening to the game in the car 
Up and getting ready to head to the airport to say goodbye to friends that are heading to America for the summer 
Hayfever mentalism = not fun  worst part is it means I can't wear any of my pretty make up. Sigh. Roll on America and freedom from this!
Howdy twitter! Currency exchange between UK and America at the moment is poo. Vegas is looking more and more expensive. 
In Uni...bored  leave for America in 4 days!
@annacoriander Stop going to America, it's not fair. 
I get the feeling that by noon, I'll start feeling like the only person in the world who hasn't read Captain America #600. 
@marvel Captain America: Reborn? Seriously? 
I am dizzy this a.m. and am supposed to go to Great America today! ugh! 
Anyone like the programme &quot;Dvided&quot;? 5 days until America.. excited! No clubland though 
@wraithfodder That means BBC America is airing the final season right now.   I hope it doesn't end on a cliffhanger.
@MariaFresnosa We should go to Great America. we can actually do something instead of walk around the mall. Malls are boring to me now 
I can't vote in the Teen Choice Awards because I'm not from America!! 
@steffa_ I miss Walgreens and all the American stores 
Apparently nothing has changed for the 2 American journalists sentenced 12 years in a labor camp N. Korea... 
watching ESPN America, although its just a blue screen cuz we're not suscribed to sports channels 
The American dream can be so deceptive! 
I wish that I was borned in America so I can go to the store and buy Lines, Vines and Trying Times. 
watching American Idol with my mom...upset that i didnt get to see the baby elephant when i went to the zoo today 
In pareira south America boarding plane number 3. Sh*t they said something about my flight on Spanish  me no comprendae
Workin it at #GNC till 4 THEN #American Eagle till 10 
More on the American Journalists in N. Korea.   http://bit.ly/nTYiP
Is sad Sarah has to leave America 
Just came out the American Express building to pay my mom bill I was sooooo tempted to apply for one  don't wanna do that to myself
@LaurenConrad I wish I lived in America so I could buy it  Wanna read it so bad!
@Interstate_8 So many dates in America. are they ever going to come to Europe? 
Crap day.  Bank of America ripped me off w/ overdraft. XM cut off but I paid the bill.
So back to the original plan then. Goddamn American healthcare. 
&quot;In America&quot; is such a sad movie...  consubfm
America I'm really missing someone bad!! 
Missin my American friends already. 
@nytimes Obama sought to enlist consensus- buckle your seat belts America, here comes Socialism - we are screwed 
Audi A5 Sportback not coming to North America, yet another luxury hatchback cut 
well my package didn't come  i guess i better go start packing for real this time... i'm gonna miss America! &lt;3
@tommcfly urgent: i'm dying for Mcfly to play America  p.s. the song smile is the most contagious song on my ipod&lt;3
Still no iPhone OS3?  America must be awake by now!?
It's 4 am America, and I can't sleep. Who's down to party!!!?   Posted up. I think I'm sleeping at home, alone again tonight. 
@_Lenore 17th, American timezones. We get it tomorrow. 
iPhone 3.0 Firmware and America's Army 3 unlock. Today is just a day of waiting. 
@tommcfly urgent: i'm dying for Mcfly to play America 
@asarazan Unfortunately, that was my second Surfboard to die. They gave me a Scientific America this morning 
America's Army 3 pre-loaded on Steam and ready to play! But servers are busy, have to wait 
@Stu_the_great Tastes a bit like Nesquik cereal. Ahh, I've never been to America 
is struggling to find Trance Nation America on vinyl. 
watching BBC America. I'm pretty bored. 
@karlaarandela I saw it on their site. They're releasing it first in North America. Parang ako. WHAAAAAAT. 
@Iselin79 I am fluent in English, American, Canadian and Australian. Multi-lingual, me    Oh...I hate the rain 
Doing the 8-5 cube thing in corporate America.....or shall I say more like 7 - 6:30 or so thing. 
@Lisa_Veronica Oh my goodness!, North Korea may fire a missile toward Hawaii and threaten all out war if America boards there ships. 
Everyday more concerned and embarrased by BHO. Thanks GOP for steping up to defend the American ppl  crickets chirping
Now as of June 24th the government will only give the news they want out to Americans! (On ABC) Do we live in America? Whats going on?   
I'm upset I didn't make it on American Idol 
watching American pie waiting 4 Lewis 2 say ok its bedtime turn the TV off 
@carolple The judges were totally hating on them. I guess America agreed 
America`s Army 3 (#AA3) isn`t working properly, still 
@ChesteRubi 	 America takes 12 hours to come here with aircraft  12 hourss
Hey! No one is perfect, America isn't close but we do care about your people  #IranElection
@kristarella They cancelled the American version  I'll have to check out the engrish version
Stupid download rules at work!!! Now have to wait until I get home to read Chapter 1 of America Gene  At least I have it though...
Back stage at so u think u can dance America. Great dancers sad it's back to Australia tomorrow. 
American idol is like 2.5 weeks away and I think I'm goon go for it For the 13th time  I guess never give up on what u want!!!
Toilets leavin me for America dont get a job!! 
Today: American eliminates direct service to Philly 
Listening to It's America by Rodney Atkins, now it's ending 
I wish I started saving my American Apparel tags 2 years ago  this is almost all of this year... http://twitpic.com/7t3c8
@rileysauntie Hope your flight back to North America went smoothly, I still can't believe you had to leave though 
Recession hit, my father got laid off today from Bank of America 
@djcoombs I don't know his name.  you pointed him out last time we were out. If I said looks American but isn't. Would you know?
#adamisarockstar b/c America is stupid for not having Adam on our top radio charts. 
@mskeekee30 Wish we would be as &quot;together&quot; on issues in America. Wishful thinking! 
@LolaAM ,  ,  yes that def sucks , if  u have Bank of America u can walk into any branch and get a temporary card ...
German vs. American.....there is a difference! And sadly we wonder why the American Auto industry is tanking 
My Australian brother just forgot we drive cars on the RIGHT side of the road in America. 
@rebeckyroberts there's a sad bit with horses  is it the American or Japanese version?
my neighbor leaving....... goin to America this monday 
My last 12 days in America 
I need to send email to my friend who lives in America. Maybe, I haven't sent email message to him for 2 weeks... 
CNN is saying that there were just a few people outside tonight..  my American fellows.. HELP! #iranelection
@Redheaddiva36 thanks!! but... I'm the last person in America w/o FaceBook!!! 
Who wants me in America? I just need to get the hell out of Russia. I can't even breathe here anymore. I can't. Damn. 
My cousin is going to America and it's NOT FAIR!! I know wayyy more pppl then she does..ugh..i wanna meeet all my twitter friends 
@star_johnson that's the one I was listening to ;-) it is good, but not quite as good as American idiot  still awsome tho...
America lost  So I did a double shot of cherry vodka
@joshlevscnn We need All the Support we can get we cant do this alone!!! young people are dying and America is just watching. 
@girlgotsole nothing watching America`s Most Wanted I miss Y0U too im mad i`m gonna miss Dlo 
will be in America tomorrow while JB is here in Canada 
omg I love home sweet home. well carrie underwood's version. Except it reminds me of allison from American Idol getting eliminated 
I really Wish I lived in America 
@TaylorHann That is so traumatic! I wonder what happened to all of mine... I think I probably ate them all before I left America. 
@sharrq you mean &quot;America's Suitehearts&quot;?!! ^o^  wait. here or on tfc? i don't see Joey anymore. 
@katConfidential Yes, It is actually really messed up that The American Psycho is welsh  a great actor nonetheless tho.
@Elane_ I know  I wish I lived in America
America's Los Angeles Times: &quot;The hair-gel industry in north-west England suffered a catastrophic blow on Thursday.&quot; - ronaldo 
@katieanncurtis I know!  I wish we could all just fly over to America and watch ones of their shows, that would be amazing
@iparham True, but I have no more trips to Europe planned for the rest of the year. 
At the eye doctors... I'm missing a day at Six Flags Great America for this 
@FRESHLYGROUNDsa  will there be any tickets available at the door? I was in America and missed the ticket sales 
i think smoking should become legal .. the only thing is .. they're going to tax the shit out of it  what should America do?
There is a special report going in on my bloody Y&amp;R! As much as I love your president America, i'd like to watch my show 
@jim_sterling Then why is America at war with 'terrorism'   
And now I'm home. This is nice...aww jeez, now I'm missing America. 
@BarackObama  How about bailing out the American people instead of the Bank crooks  
@tiggababz wooopppp  and yerr they do. i was like... really? lol. its like drive-thrus.. i was convinced they only existed in America lol
i am annoyed that i only have 6 holiday days left! my next trip to America is going to be considerable shorter 
Watching rest of Dexter S3, don't get why FX insist on being a year behind America with it and Family Guy, AND American Dad! Not fair 
xoAdrianne i reaallly have to mission there one dayyy, i havent even been out of North America  its pretty saaaad :p
@TheNerdyBird LOL I used to love watching the American show. I just haven't in a few summers. 
11 American train stations that didn't survive  : http://trunc.it/l0xh
I couldn't believe my eyes last nite. America beat against Spain to the confederation cup final?!?!?!  So, bye bye Torres 
R.I.P. Jimmy from America Realty 
@JonoSare Which country you leaving? America? I remember Paul Daniels saying he'd leave if Labour won &amp; the numpty didn't keep his word 
@Bhennain Nexon America, and nope, not right now. Sorry.  I got lucky enough to get in at the right time. I came from a crap job, though.
Testing Beejive 3.0 App with push notifications. Found out that AP mobile pushes news if u select North America region.No love for Russia 
Ahhh our aussie accents sound horrible in American tv shows and movies 
doesnt like America for stealing her best friend 
I don't like America for stealing my best friend 
Watching American Idol. I miss that show 
leaving now back to America was was really sad to leave but things are heating up here and i should really go i don't belong 
Just heard the grim news that one of the quintessential American beauties just passed  I will wear the Farah 'do as tribute today.
@3ND14P3 Well, I like the America Ferrera one...but that's it. 
Gotta love Viz: &quot;don't know why everyone's so pleased America has a black president. Zimbabwe's had one for years, and he's shit!&quot; 
is currently writing his World Geography on the influence of Maori tattoos in America. 
@alexandramusic how is America going Alex?! i can't wait for your album!!!  hope you're haveing a goood time  xox
is American. 
Going to America. Gone all day. 
ah, America The Book-how could I have gone so long w/o thee? i think i've found some suitably snarky lines/pics for graduation invites 
Watching American Idol 
@emilyosment_ Do u have Cadbury MiniEggs in America - those are awesome 
@SugarSaiyan Thnx 4 the follow! In America, you kill party. In Soviet Russian, party kills YOU! No threat intended. 
Watching American Idol!!! 
@tshumbie naw, it's a show we haven't watched. i'll just catch it again later. now i'm watching the last 2 eps of American Chopper 
Watching Iron Chef America.......then off to bed.. Really good night tonight   &lt;3
Wotchin American Idol on repeat 
@thecraigmorris No, it's milk gravy with bits of American breakfast sausage in it. And, not british biscuits...cuz that would be sick 
Gaga in Europe and Bizarres in America.. o_O what a strange world!! 
And reply to this saying if you like the movie Coming to America or not!!!!!!! I like all of these movies!!!!!!! 
Going to Mall Of America with Holly. 
@jeffzilla T5 is the only thing Jetblue has over Virgin America. VX has better seats, on board food + entertainment, cuter stewardesses 
@BarrySouthgate  hope you all had a great trip to America and that we treated you well.   .! Blessed day!---LTIM Youth
I just contributed some $$ to the This American Life podcast.  I feel good about myself now 
@richardpbacon That's it.  You need to play the Greatest American Hero theme and run around the house with arms outstretched and flying 
Getting ready for the day... I'm being interviewed, along with some of my students, today about a Spirit of America project that we did. 
My American Heart... Your Asianness is phunny 
My American Heart 
got caught in the rain in Bondi! But managed to pick up two swim suits for my trip to America 
@iiacovou good idea!  i'd like to go to America full stop..aint never been...maybe during the 20s, mmmmm stylish!!
heading out to philly to the Please Touch Museum.   Free admission to museums for Bank of America cardholders first weekend of the month!
http://twitpic.com/4ejom - Good morning America 
Download movie  &quot;The Last American Virgin&quot; http://tinyurl.com/cp53fr cool #movie
@AdamAxon your a bit of a masoquist,right?as for accents, where I come from American accent is coolest than British. 
Little boy in a store in America: &quot;I s-o-o-o need this!&quot; His mom: &quot;You are s-o-o-o not going to get it!&quot; 
Yea 4 American airlines for losing my clubs and suitcase. Making due w/rental club and new clothes. 
@tommcfly is somewhere in the international tour America? I would love it soooo much if u come here   please come?!! love you guys
boom boom pow by the BEP?..worst song i have ever heard and guess what?..its been no.1 in America for 3 weeks!..typical! 
@viciouskris www.stuffwhitepeoplelike.com is on the list &quot;Stuff Black, Asian, Latino, Native American and &quot;other&quot; People Like.&quot; 
@IdolScott  and just think - pretty soon you'll get to add SO many more from the American Idol tour 
@eddieifft You don't want to leave because secretly you know Australia is twenty times better than America! 
@bernadeth oic, where in Cavite? no sorry im not from America ... if you can see my profile, there's no word like America there 
Hey Tweeps...good morning. Wussup America...Talk to me tell wut's on ur mind.. 
Rewarding myself with dinner at American Dream pizza on the rooftop terrace. Perfection  got 7 pages done on the prospectus!!
@JonathanRKnight http://twitpic.com/4w9h2 better in person had to send u this, I feel like mouse from &quot;The American Tail&quot; . Over in RI! 
Why is it that America celebrates mother's day on a different day to England? Anyhooo...Happy Mother's Day 2 All American Mumzys!  x
@jenifel Aww thanks! I am indeed graduating on Friday. Just 4 finals stand between me and freedom...or Teach for America and law school 
From Hyderabad Blues 2, on mimicking the American accent: You won't be an ass if you roll your R's.     
watching Team America. Puppets walk funny 
@redallisonblack Indeed you are! &amp; ur still lots of people''s American Idol! including me! 
Headed home after a pointless movie. Have a great day America 
@DavidArchie Haha! I want to join the American Idol, too, someday. 
Prince Harry is coming to America for a bit.  NOM
My 2 favorite things. Fuzzball and American Idol  http://fuzz-ball.com/twitter
@DavidArchie yeah . American Idol is late here. lol. haha  You are always on the news ! Filipino's is very happy you're here! includes me!
watching American Idol 
@solobasssteve Thanks. Probably a blessing in disguise - I'm not sure America is ready for my taste in music. 
@playtwivia Its called the Peace Bridge ofcourse ;) To celebrate America's Peace with my great country of Canada 
@katyperry You were amazing on American Idol! 
@chrisgarrett can't wait until it comes to N.America! hope all is well with you 
Great America in 90 degree weather with the girlfriend was great!  
atsunoko vs. Capcom coming to North America. 
using #blackberry messenger process to dodge certain things http://bit.ly/dR99M &lt; only in America  (first I've read anyway!)
the weather is too hot here!!!!..... i wish our weather is like Sidney  or America 
@heystephy I'm not surprised, because American Idiot is immense. If it's anywhere near as good I will be happy 
....coming to America! 
Ratpack week of American Idol is kick awesome! All of them were really great! 
@Ojmcd it really suits me LOL  and I am so lookin forward to wed, so gonna be there  we can arrange our trip to America 
American idiot will always be one of those songs I go into automatic air guitar. Lol 
So the Jonas brothers are flying to South America (maybe they're there already, who knows), but let's pray for a safe flight! 
Good morning America, good morning to erica, who gave me good head while watching good morning America 
My American idol tickets just came in the mail 
At Mall of America for the FOB signing, concert later!! 
Good morning  America 
i should go on a tour of America in 2011 with my mummmyyyy 
okay...that wasn't a walk at all. But a yummy dinner in an Latin-American restaurant  hehehe... I feel ashamed^^ Tomorrow: WANDER!
Goodnight America 
So only 1% of the U.S. has a Black American Express card.. 
Dreaming about Diving in Silfra Rift in Iceland, where Europe and America meets 
i was watching ellen today  The episode which had Team Ellen arriving in America. Wish i could be them ...
@RiRiFenty Europe here. Still awake?? I wish I was in America 
It's going to be a good week when the 1st movie on for the week is &quot;The American President&quot;.  Sucker for Annette Benning and chick flicks 
@insomniapubs Manny just told me he is getting orders in from America as they can't get it from amazon  He is thrilled.
@zopatista Thanks  @iainclaridge oooh nice bike. The bike I (realistically) want is Triumph Bonneville America http://tinyurl.com/o96w5c
@theredwitch I had an American spellcheck on - we (and you!) use two 
@princessbutterc the first one was definately the best, although the American one was funny 
Long weekend bc Monday is a bank holiday!! Us bank of America bill collectors are off!!!! 
G M  Canada/America its Fri lets wake up n injoy the day weather its good or bad!!! 
Supertramp - Breakfast in America - gotta love that Logical song 
The zombie_sex got paid  just like everyone else in America today
@JasonGowin But Jason, I live in Britain (I'm American) and you described it perfectly!  
@jimmyfallon tweens, soccer moms, middle America &amp; free UNLIMITED texting! 
Watching Team America 
Survived #eebday  wine was had, cheesecake spotted and adored from afar. @ezrabutler apologized on behalf of the American people.
@ChrisMelly Haha, go on American Idol and all the ladies will love you too! 
So excited! Just found out Torchwood is airing on BBC America 
@greenpatblue yeah, i know. i watched the American version too. Japanese version's much better 
@faiplus Really  Everybody in America knows 7-eleven I think. It is not everywhere, but the name is famous.
@wishywishes Yep ABV &amp; ABC.  American born vietnamese / chinese. lol.
@PencilComet yeye! I love video games. I also love it when my American teammates don't have school on friday 
@misspearlygates you should!  But make sure it's the subbed version - the American dub was pretty awful.
@britzoskitzo Speaking of job, you want to put in a good word for me at American Eagle for me?  
Ash, I can put on an American accent and play some bad music while you do leg raises 
