Most common words for this cluster:
[('anymore', 281), ('anything', 256), ('kind', 221), ('lol', 177), ('nothing', 172), ('anyway', 163), ('u', 149), ('something', 145), ('me', 129), ('think', 122), ('things', 108), ('yeah', 99)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'really', 0.7728258967399597), (u'pioneer_LaLanne', 0.769645631313324), (u'SERENA_WILLIAMS_Well', 0.7678162455558777), (u'ANDY_RODDICK_Yeah', 0.7589752078056335), (u'anyway', 0.7580592036247253), (u'Chiddy_Bang_maybe', 0.7496028542518616), (u'VENUS_WILLIAMS_Yeah', 0.7477408051490784), (u"I'ma_late_bloomer", 0.7445410490036011), (u'something', 0.7435111403465271), (u'RUSH_Yeah', 0.7419514656066895)]





@LettyA ahh ive always wanted to see rent  love the soundtrack!!
Morning everyone! In serious need of some decent coffee.. why isn't the catering open yet at 08.30? 
@amirrabennett nope. baby's due in 5th may! getting closer but still 1001 things not done 
@joshsharp no money yet, i dont know anyone who has  maybe its all just a lie!! hes having us on so we all like him a little bit more lol
@alissa_rules Basically.  I feel like I need to take better care of myself after seeing that fool.  No more juicin' for me 
Oh darn...it's mandy creed isnt it @jordar @mikerra 
It is just me. Uninstalled #rails 2.3.2 and tried with a fresh 2.2.2 app - still no dice. Obviously something bizarre in my setup 
dang! i'm lazy  i've begun three short stories in the last three weeks... and never finished anything. will. have. more. focus.
My heart is abused with so many hurtful lies, and truths. I hate being sappy about these kind of things. I hate it 
Anyone else having trouble accessing their @ replies? When I click on the link on the right, nothing happens. I can't access them 
@fabianv what kind of docs? and what are you using to write them? we're always behind on our docs 
think i need to start buying and using wrinkle cream 
finally have the vintage logo of greatness over here now...kinda tough to do right now w/o a home computer  ... oh well, someday
@OfficialRandL  whattttttt?! they've not brought anything new out for about 2 years, and they're crap!! when will the full line up be up? 
@pyroroux  your mean
@brypie i wish lol theres like 12 friend requests and the rest is just pure junk 
they are saying on the radio that they've found that some fast food has a high level of saturated fat- why did nobody tell me 
is having some sort of mind blank 
thinks the numbing is getting worse!! and fillings are much worse than I remember... does anyone want 7 easter eggs???!  xx
@mikeboyd  anyway if they go... i hope there will be a caffine replacement in that area 
@Emzypurry not sure I'll grab book 3 her writing style is kinda simple... Not much happens 
@joconchie Ah well ..win some lose some ! Wouldve been nice to have bet on the 100 to 1 winner!! ( if wishes were horses !). 
@lancearmstrong yeah talk about opened up a can. in a way i definitely wasn't surprised, but I expected msu to come harder than that 
@gone2dmb yeah i had my old username back then...he's barely been on since the change 
@forsoothed  if i had it my way id spell it wensday but unfortunatly im not a roman emperor/viking god..so i have no say in the matter 
I can't, in my conscience, join anything which includes neo-cons. 
@cowhateration true your art gets to live on forever but shot glasses are finite  lmao
I've nearly finished my placement   htis signals the end of my student life   i dont have an excuse to be such a lazy drunken bum 
the worst part about burning your tongue is not the pain, its losing the privilege to taste delicious food  darn it hot tea!
@ihenpecked leakage huh? I'm afraid I missed something good.  But my head hurts to bad to care...  bummer
@kissmykitty  if she has never &quot;handled&quot; an autistic kid before, don't feel bad!  she probably had no clue.. ?
There's nothing like the smell of a fresh cat deuce while playing #wow dang litterbox. 
some guy just pissed on my foot...#1 reason to not wear sandals to the bar - no matter how warm it is.  
has the dodo's conundrum, feeling like i could just fly, but nothing happens everytime i try. can't decided whether to go out 
@novium hope it wasn't on carpet  poor little guy. What type of puppy?
Is it just me or are the two guys on that series &quot;departures&quot; kind of dicks? Dicks who get to travel the globe and see interesting places 
140 character limit is bs...It blows the whole joke if u didnt read the end 
no kid rock tickets  sold out. sucks. guess we will have to win some on the radio or something. i need a nap! it's nice out=clean my car!
fuck after yesterday, whats the point in chasing after her anymore....for once in my life i guess its just not ment to be 
@panique aww  well I'm new anyway, so I'm not much fun to hang out with on there, since my level is so low LOL
revision over- for now.  but did manage to type my entire drama play without script &amp; withut mistakes. 
Feeling kind of bad...one of my homeboys just asked me to go to his boys wedding with him but I got something else to do 
not feeling so good anymore after that ride 
@ddlovato demii!! how is your stage going to be?? i dont know what kind of seats to look for when i buy them on tuesdayy 
I've got that 'I can't do this anymore' feeling 
@XxSierraxX I wish.  any closer with saving for yours?
growing weary of this mystery cold; has turned into chesty cough now, but not really coming on; don't get it 
At my dads talent show dinner thing. No one else is here yet  my parents are to busy schmoozing so i am sitting by myself at our table.
@Cschoenfeld I know how ya feel. I'm bored at the moment, no one to go to the pub with 
whit a lot of negative energy in my mind fear for the worst 
hanging out, just got back from the race track, lost about $100     oh well, had fun anyway.
is not going to the concert anymore...migraines + loud music aren't a good mixture 
ugh studying math gives me a headache.  and now i'm too tired/lazy to do anything else. even tho i really really should.
sitting outside at fellini's in buckhead, think its about to rain 
@lemon_drop nope still nothing 
Note to self: Make an orthodonist appointment. Not like I ever wanted to save $ anyway. 
usually cbc covers the playoffs but something else is on rite now.  this sucks! I guess 4 some things it would b nice 2 get cable!
bill O'riley puts the crazy in my crazy juice that I drink...not his juice...ahh nevermind 
isn't seeing the dead anymore? 
wishes she had &quot;good&quot; friends. You know... the kind you can trust no matter what! 
ahh!! stitches are itching again!!! ....need my meds soon..dont think they work anymore 
@failchad for some reason I cant stalk anyone  anymore !!! 
wants the where the wild things are version of wake up by arcade fire 
on the darker note, i dropped my oakley radars...  its got little scratches on the bottom of the lens... &lt;/3 - yeah, heart broken...
@youknowzach you dont have aim? :O do you have skype or anything else? i want to go to the gym 
@guyoseary i truly hope M is okay and safe.  tell her that her fans are sending good vibes in her direction!
Wow I just got done watching making the bad...very dramatic! I shed a tear 
No press conference because we have to listen to some boring suited man talk about politics  anyways off to listen to the forum.
@lukhnos pity ... :p  those new techs are kind of out of my imagination.  i'm pale 
kinda devastated that sean didnt make it back in  now I'm team bob and sharif!!
@amazingphoebe jumped off the trampoline, landed funny. already a massive bruise, think i might have sprained it 
@amazingphoebe mmh, you are stupid sometimes, but not as much as me, for i am the stupid, fucked up, retarded one in our relationship 
@DominaCaffeine feel guilty with everyone doing stuff but I just couldn't  did you say there were jobs going in the game
@jesswags 1stly ew winter uniform  2ndly whats with the follow and un follow thing? 3rdly yay I am notplaying guitar hero with you!
thinks sytycd is a rad show! wish I could dance like that. too bad the best i can do is the hokeypokey!  LOL
@NinaMcFLY thanks! D its a shame they arent sold in our countries  at least are Mcfly in german magazines and radio and everything? 
@PoisonIvy69 wot u mean un young 
@joemaclover  whatever.  *cries*
@SadesDaBeast yeah i've done that twice now and nothing happens 
on second thought, i cannot sleep 
i had such a deep thought I wanted to post and  it was so deep I cant find it now... 
Still stuffed with cold  rattling with pills that seem to do no good
@razvanphoto What kind? you only do weddings 
@skinnyjeans Got anything funny to post? I need a pick-me-up 
There is nothing worse than being forced to sit on a cold leather couch because your asshat sibling is taking up the non-animal skin one. 
guess I'll go study...still upset I didn't find anything to buy at the mall 
How does my own laugh make me laugh now? But then when I think why it's funny I get sad 
@IAmAru I wasn't aware of anything besides that awful facebook app that changes your status for everything  (incl #tags)...care to share?
@ambercampisi wow..seem that you got it all 
So this gardening thing is going to take longer than expected...on the plus side i smell like lavender...i did break a nail however 
Yes, but do it at a beach that ALLOWS bonfires, it's such a buzz kill when you get it all started and then someone shuts it down! 
@tothewestside sorry sweets, i only use the pencil kind. 
@erinkellygaines Don't let that be it  I was going to give up and then he tweeted. Perhaps I should get into that mindframe again.
@hansv_com Being &quot;happy in spite of it&quot; returns you to the first category...which is just what someone from category 2 would say. 
@marteyo ive seen lots of doctors, but there nothing they can do other than give me a wrist support really 
@steveagee i'm a little jealous. texas doesn't groove with that kind of funk. 
can't fall asleep  laughing by myself at all the dumb things I did/said today.. class soon :/
is so confused nowadays.  ughhh.
So far it seems the hair cut was a mistake, I've had a variety of responses ranging from 'why did you do that?' to 'it looks creepy' 
Typical, they can't even give me a clue, they send it all to doc and I wait to see him to find out  it's a noisy bigger of a machine
going to bed. cant wait to wake up and greet the day with a sunny outlook and an overwhelming need to do things for others.  its hopeless.
@chavie101 no  the only decent kola you can get here is spinach. i'm sick of spinach now. what's gotukola in english anyway? anyone know?
Right back to work, customers wait for noone.. just read the first email, and huh ? haven't got a clue.. not a goed start.. 
@hot30 re 'stand and deliver- um no! just please no, never again. oh god its hideous! damn no doubt, how far you have fallen 
@savamaloy over a certain age? jeez, make me feel old 
is not going to the lecture, because he is ill   However, it does mean he can get repsonses and shizz done.
is not a happy chappy, hate having to make really big decisions 
@dnlopez I lie in bed for 20 min everyday I work and think the same exact thing. I need to someday also 
is still sore as hell from my 3 mile run. Wish I had sumone 2 give me a massage 
@darrinsden true true, but i dont like it when they do themes for safari 4 beta.. i dont use it, the theme look awfull when i use them 
@DDRoxxx so I guess unlike me, you are actually following the diet?  I suck.
Oh crap, cancel DockDoger - it removes the menubar menu also, so no 'new window' or anything else.  
argh argh argh why does the production meeting note-taker guy always spell my name wrong 
is really tired... damn her impulses to stay up late doing whatever she did on the interweb last night 
my throat hurts, i can't take this damn cough anymore! guess, i'll be seeing a doctor later.. 
@kasperninbaby I'm right there with you sugar. I'm unemployed and while bills are ok at the moment, I know they won't be much longer 
I miss that specail someone!!  maaaan drinking make all the emotions come out! I knew this was a bad ideal!
@GinaBertsos no  flu and the worst migraine ever. I have mersyndol forte, thats the only reason i can open my eyes 
missing the conversation.. eventhough i don't know what kind of normal &amp; ordinary conversation we actually had.. i just wanna share .. 
off 2 do some shopping but its not the nice kind 
@thinker80 I dont know. I Havnt seen any anywhere in bout 10 yrs  unless any1 knows any different
i dont know what's right and what's real anymore  - lily allen
@winterkelly i dont know   I really love &quot;dont let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game&quot;  its from a super cheesy movie
moved in lastnight relised how much stuff i actully don't own!  feels like i havent seen anyone in so long!!
@xxxsephyxxx nooooooo he hasnt replyed  anyway why would he want to reply to me i wish he would though love him xx
@tommcfly http://twitpic.com/3pgwv - I wish i was there. I won't be there until like 3 
going to bed. cant wait to wake up and greet the day with a sunny outlook and an overwhelming need to do things for others.  its hopeless.
oh booth i miss everyone too! ready to get back to work and into the swing of things. being sick was a lonely lonely life! 
everything i try to upload is too big...   I have no idea how to crop or where to crop a picture...  hey - my nephew is on here!
what kind of boyfriend ignores you this much? 
my contacts feel disgusting....been in far too long.  blinky, blinky....still isn't working.    guess I'll have to take them out.
@gdmcrpunk cuz sleep is boring  nothing interesting happens lol
@kevinmax they look as if they have some sort of disease... 
eating wizz fizz..sooo good and my feet hurt from ice skating 
@DMBwine if i could make anything turn into him... the lamp, my pillow (good one) idk, i miss him 
@heroin_e mind. in. gutter. must remove. now. thanks for nothing. 
@waltersalt obviously i'm deranged! It hurt a hell of a lot like grit in the eye and nettle rash. I also didn't get any super powers 
why can't i sleep late anymore!! 
So wat do i do for a career now cuz radio is deminishing 
I had a dream about u....u said u were ok &amp; 2 let go that i did everything that i could to help. I'll always have a place in my heart 4 u 
@mzi isn't he the same anymore  ???
@senthilnambi hmmm a bit confused about your answer but I hope i'm never bought!!  [cries for the freedom memories]
@milagro88 wow congrats! and no no, this is the 15 second of shame, everything else is cool! Being a whore 4 sale is  moment :'(
@markquibell Why aren't you twittering as much anymore, nubelet? 
@markryall but i just use the mono 2.4 release.. i borked something with aclocal on my system can't build mono anymore 
@magictea I feel your pain, ours is ill at the moment, no fun at all 
just unfollowing unfollowers  taking awhile lol
@daffodilistic yeah, i did look around but couldn't find it. had to twit about it in frustration.  will try to do a block-level recovery
ohh....none of my actual friends are on here  seemed like such a good idea at the time...get on here peeps...PLEEEEEASE!
oh no!!! am tired of believing that i can do everything. I need a bloody challenges!!! 
And before you say anything, fellow virginmedia peeps, sadly my flat isn't wired up for cable. 
feels like my hair is too dark to wear anything nice to work!!! 
am lonered           *sighs in self- pity*   anyone got any good free games websites?
not sure if I'm happy with the paint colour for my studio, feel dumb for not taking something to match the paint chip 
@Leeluvzyou sorry to hear that u didnt win.  Its ok girl, we got this,dont worry..a great summer is on its way!!!
@MarkkB aww dude  thats rather crap, write like a full on letter, to the apple head, and try and claim your money back?
@Rawrrgasmic i know and i dont have the hump with you for it! im just badly depressed anyway 
@suzi98babe oh no girlie  do u feel anything else besides the soreness? U should get it checked out
heyy everyone sorry i havent been writin i have been extrememly busy  but things arent working out for me..
@mileycyrus you say that you love chatting with your fans but your never answer to me 
depresed about my broken itouch!  chillen with bryttne gota do something with my crazy bed head :o]
second day of recital.....aaaaah show at 1 and show at 8  its kind of exciting and kind of annoying oh wellllll. my allergies are itchy 
no 1 ever comes on chatzy anymore!! 
@fluffs76 nah as that would take forever, + wld get timed out  but nice idea lol
@yonteia I know    and i haven't read in awhile....
psshhh u cant do cheyenne its toooo long 
@meeble sounds like it was a great show! such a shame i couldn't enjoy it  what's nxt for you, big guy? lol
\\\...    ...feelin a lil down....need a pick me up....somebody to be nice to me for a change...ACE HAS FEELINGS TOO...///
I'm high.. Where can I get something good 2 eat right now?? I'm tired of miami subs 
in pretty much bored rite now. 
@stringeilcuore  I'm sorry...I've gone through that myself too, so I kind of know how you feel.
starting to maybe re-think comic press. . .  the way the ranting works is rather upsetting  
@yuuiki i thought they were new  @melodist you know the instant noodle kind?
 guys... the mouse isn't a hallucination. He's a real, fuzzy, whiskery thing. How do i get rid of it without killing it?
@katellora nothing better than the feel of new pjs! Too bad on the sore throat 
is confused thinking about the design concept and start losing my confidence again.. waht a mess... 
This pretty much sucks 
@adamleber hey adam can u please post some of the tour videos up like sweet dreams break the ice and anything else! i miss them  and brit
@PeteGreig hey... chess is a cool sport 
your pretty fucked up sometimes 
@RonisWeigh m&amp;m story hillarious..too bad I can't eat chocolate anymore 
It's not sunny anymore! 
@shayshaylafay same  its always sad
@DenzelBurks  lol yea im crushing on someone bad, have for years,     Points to @drefromthebay  he's patient n kind, and right! LOL
is it a rule for all football pundits to be useless, clueless and slightly offensive? i think it is. bring back leonardo 
@SavageHands your mean 
@AngryBritain not so much of the young nowadays... 
lost all my photos, all my music except for the tiny bit that was on my ipod and a shit load more. what a great way to end a perfect week 
wish i was doing something worthy writing about ... alas still working on my psych paper 
@JenniferStirlin i mean im having trouble concentrating on macbeth! i cant pull myself away from this  ps heavy jealous of the peperami!!
@MiL0_ yeah it rained and when it stopped raining i went for a walk and then i got lost in your never ending tiny streets and got lost 
think the last 15mins could get messy 
@AmyKachurak LOL we really like it but wit all deez kids coming we need a tad bigger.  we saw something nice on stonefall I think it was.
Not om nomish anymore... I'm still tired 
@Llensposts Wow that's kinda hard to make into R&amp;B. But we don't have it in our repertoire. 
I fucking miss her so much!!!! 
I Can't deal with this anymore 
@simonesymone ughh I'm sorry  do you want me to sent death threat texts? I will...
can't think of what I got done due 2 thoughts of what I didn't (guess I'm in a glass half empty mood) 
@moogyboobles Oh heck - You won't have got the secret combination that I tweeted you, then 
My mom is officially a lost cause. I mean, her dumbness astounds me. I don't know what to do any longer. It deeply saddens me to no end. 
@AchEmpire I don' think this would financially work though 
I can't wait till everybody else is done with finals/papers/work/etc.  I'm kinda bored not having anything to do with myself 
thinks he cant wear his manhid shirt anymore...  but wth.. ill still wear it... http://plurk.com/p/rmyd4
Why is everything so sad nowadays? 
almost finished with the twilight saga...aw its kind of sad. 
my uncle kenny jus died!!!!   ..................cant walk think i pulled a muscle
kind of hate that i'm back here.  i wish i lived in chicago 
@silentnite22 god I hope so...just want to be back to normal...whatever in the heck that is anymore.....somethin' is messed up tho 
@CharmedJenn I guess not.  I'm following her- so she could DM me- and did- but if she's not me, then I can't? hhmmmmm
@xtineee nothing to report. I'm like 4th from the stage beind REALLY tall peolpe.   just waiting.
@LaGraphixGirl yeah! I am starting to lean more towards the illustrative form of art it would be nice if we could bridge the gap 
last tweet for a week  sorry guys - I need to deal with school and figure things out in my life i love you guys!
I broke my glasses today  I have the worse luck ... does anybody know how to get shazam to work on my ipod touch?
im actually enjoying 'the reader.' and i hate reading!!! although something tells me this surge of enthusiasm for reading wont last long 
damn i didnt get anything done today and i miss my bubee  sleeping alone tonight what a bummer ......
ugh me no feel so good.. me sad  (also wondering why feeling unwell means all bets are off to sound grammar/punctuation)
i tried to give korean food a fair chance, but most of the stuff my roomates cook makes me wanna hurl from the smell alone 
So maybe I was wrong-maybe caffeine does effect me after all  I'm still up
Everyone please think good thoughts or pray for my husband as he is very sick. 
jeez, who knew it was so hard to answer one dinky question for the apple design awards. been stuck for 2 hours with nothing to write 
ive decided to sacrafice the type on  my collage. 
sorry guys, i can't follow you all for the moment cause i hit the limit 
in our family portrait, we look pretty happy. let's play pretend, act like it comes naturally... 
@Celibatman not that kind of wedding 
being tired is not an option anymore.  hahah
feeling like crap! Why is it that when you have the flu everything hurts  Sadface.
@lacedwithvenom darn ... wonder if i can un-stick them with nail polish remover?! g'night! i keep forgetting to refresh the page!  *hugs*
Never felt this boring  huhuhu wrong decision!
@LauriM sammme, think of somewhere good to go. we should have gone to see gallows 
kinda peeved that all my pop is gone... i dont get alot of luxuries in life right now, and everyone drank my pop while i was gone 
 i hate math! our new teacher kinda suck in teaching, because his to fast and i just don't like the way he teach.
@lauracicchiello haha i know right..im not sure i am really getting it though, its pretty boring  will i stick? haha
i feeeeel siiiiccckkkk ! can't do anything, i feel like dying  cant read to any test or do homework. i feeel like crap
can't deal with this anymore  ughh
@KarmaRox that is strange how that happens- lol 
@maxpower086 also, am not really all that young anymore 
is wanting to go back to sleep,but cant seem to do so. rawrr 
@nishingeppo monsters of a familiar kind. 
Coming on with the Japanese, but stuck in Romaji, can't progress to the writing aspect bcoz i r teh dumb 
eeeeee, I have spring fever sooooo bad!   I want to get out there and play in the dirt but there's nothing to plant yet. 
So sad  going back to wack as jersey 
umm why is taylor lautner so young? i feel like a pedo.  also why does my dad seek out ways to embarrass me?
never want to see her again... never want to drink anymore... damn i am feeling so insecure... 
pretty much just now getting over my allergic reaction...stupid victorias secret...smells so good...but it alla trick!  
@eibbod one word footy let you know later after doctor and hospital how he is may be a broken wrist 
@mitchelmusso you wanna know what sucks? being all the way on the east coast and being teased by all the stuff going on somewhere else! 
@SHINOBININJA I would totally come, but I'm kinda on the wrong side of the states. 
@ashhattack oh then just slip to the end because i felt like it. I don't have anything else to do 
I don't want to be sick anymore 
so i'm apparently lactose intolerant now... stomach currently in all kind of knots. damn that delicious oreo mcflurrry. 
10 twitters is that a flood? I need advice on the subject but nobody else is on! 
@lilygiron whatever then. I guess everyones gonna see what were talking about. the kids are getting louder and louder!  ugh.
just fell up the stairs there go the promise i made to miiself but the worse thing is i dropped mii pie 
ive been texting waaaaay too much in front of my dad. If i get in trouble the first thing thats gone is my phone. 
@forensicmama hey..you think that the scene between B&amp;B will be real?  or just a kind of paralel reality?
waiting for my baby @nessiecullen12 to talk to me. i think shes mad at me for something... *starts crying* but in dont know why... 
Ihate it when Ihave to drive others car 
and by the way... i hate msn.. its going F. crazy too!! can't write a email to my bff  and i do miss her a lot!
and by the way... i hate msn.. its going F. crazy too!! can't write an email to my bff  and i do miss her a lot!
@BoomKack a good 2step will nver go out of style! like seeing my mom or sum1 who REALLY knw how to 2step do it.I just have the basics dwn 
#iloveit when @djaggisbreezy and @mz_cherish27 try to start a trend and nobody hops on the bandwagon 
Cheating is the most annoying and disturbing thought. It scares me alot i don't want anybody to cheat on me 
darn it ... where is my watch that counts my calories and stuff?   maybe I should have taken my medicine today.  wonder if it's too late.
food photo fail  /sigh but still post post http://bit.ly/bIjmo
i cant even type this stupid paper...i lost my fucking remote....i need a drink like no other right now...i neeeeed sleep 
Why is this happening now? 
@mama_cholo lol. not much a change there. lol. i kidd. yeah just feel so old there for some reason. n of course seen someone i knew. 
I feel like kinda shy around her now  i dont know what to say T__T
@LittlestarRed C'est cool ;) Yes, it's completely absurd...  One of my friend (who studied law) can't find anything because of that...
ughh everytime i get off the pc something happens, and while im on nothing happens 
is really tired but working anyway 
trying to do anything but study (maths) but theres that voice in the back of my head saying i need to or ill regret it 
@renee_66 i cant find anything i have changed my interior designer like 479012652 times haha i hate this assignment 
Thanks for the mention, but we never get anything from them  that's the price for saying it how you see it
oh my, my room's doorknob is broken..somebody fix it. 
hates budgeting.. ya think you sorted then somethn unexpected comes up..*&amp;^% ITS ANNOYN.. life is hard 
petition schmetition... what we need is a council that is supportive of independent business. just a bit a fairness .. f'ing fatcats 
@MarkH_B whatever happened to proper journalism? 
grrrr... my ipod screen is white!! u can listen to it and everything,but u cant see anything!! 
@quietmissy hey! i'm so jealous of your floor seats! i was too late  and yeah...i agree about the vote spitting. ridiculous idea
@LinzyStockdale i know, that's what bothers me, and im not keen on plain water anymore, i like my tonic water and i cant even have that 
@mfhorne i think they did! they aint the same anymore  discos are amazing, so are squares!
@tannwick  did they win? what does this mean now? sorry I'm clueless when it comes to football 
We don't have anything that I want for breakfast in the house. Not even the kind of bread I like so I can make toast. 
My head hurts   why didn't anyone tell me i was such a vampire in middle school?
risky?? im not a risk taker.... haha. i will pass...guess i will leave my hair black  thanks for the help anyway...
hello! as u know, i am siiiick.  i was feelin better, then suddenly i took a turn for the worse.  got to get my sleep still have a fever
man this headache is so epic. pretty sure it's the fault of the detox. so i can't really take anything for it (right?) 
i love money 2 reunion! hell yeah @beckybeckwild, it, frenchy, &amp; everyone else from frank's alliance. miss @saaphyri though 
finally done with my internship. kind of. still have to train the new intern and cast party and river fest! will miss everybody 
hates the fact that her mom gets this high from randomly unplugging the wifi without warning. 
@scrivener awww that was a sad story!   I think we all have at least one like that.
i love money 2 reunion! hell yeah @BeckyBuckwild, frenchy, &amp; everyone else from frank's alliance. AND IT!&lt;3. i miss @saaphyri though 
she didnt txt me  so i go by myself...
I hate being sick! I'm definately not getting anything done!  On the up side, 3 of my packages arrived in the mail today!
just cracked a rockstar, studying language development for awhile.  
@AnthonyM_ lol sweet. but the pen left me with a cut on my hand...thats why i cant type good now  and ps. the paper doesnt even turn....
worse, the guy leading the exercise is older than me 
sorry. something's getting my facebook stuff and tweeting it. 
would it b dumb to get a diaper genie 4 litterbox cleaning purposes? haha. bad 4 the environment tho  but u have to admit its a good idea.
@patsfan_12 thats why i cant get anything out from the library anymore... 
The moon isn't orange anymore 
@YehItzMicPhenom can't fix it. I don't have bb messanger anymore. It got lost. 
lost my appetite that i dont even feel like finishing my chipotle.. that says alot 
not really sure anymore 
@_Kahee_ nope. i think you'll find that life doesn't have a meaning either  [/emo off]
@staceyk84 aw that is all kinds of lame 
So I was kinda feeling  but realized its all a state of mind &amp; I took @iamwaveyk advice: turn ur frown upside down! I am greaT 
Reading the python doc tutorial and at a point where none of the examples work on python 2.5.2 but only on 2.6 . hard to try out 
kind of sad, confused and lost. which leads me to not being able to sleep.. great. 
Trying to upload pic of myself, seems to be taking forever, maybe the storm is affecting the connection. 
wishing I didn't have to work on the devil machine anymore 
and i made my self look like a total fool in front of either her bf or her son  cause i started freakin cuz she didnt txt me all day and i
ugh...think i have an ear infection 
@lingatingtonk i pray i did- but my lab is tomorrow and work is due  i haven't lost anything in quite awhile. so traumatizing
@neospace Too sad for this kind of war 
Seriously... I don't even care about finance anymore.. 
@MIKROCKROYALTY I'm still at the sushi spot resting my ears cuz I forgot my noise filters. They think I'm so weird  maybe move onto pizza.
@carrotmadman6 couldn't do anything in bios and windows wants to do the annoying startup repair 
ok who is any good at building club lights in osgrid ive tried to many times and the darn prim keeps flying into the next sim 
@kennygo teach me!!! haha, i'm still learning here... sometimes it works, sometimes it's not. 
Has a sore lip, prety much needs a break 
is really really bored at colelge and has Richards jacket on cos its cold  but its hardto type with it on as its longer than my arms hehe
@lone_observer oh no way.. i cant share the docs.. 
@bfheroes its a shame I'm a different type of system engineer 
..... guess I'll have to be a productive member of society again. 
trying to get this persuasive speech to write itself, but it's not working.  guess I actually have to try.
#Evolution wont evolute anymore! 
@mxv26 wooohoooo!!!  No wonder we're like soulmates!  When the heck are we getting together again?  I miss you fun nights. 
twiter is confussssinnnggg me 
i'm scared cause i have to write a maths test and i know nothing at all...wish me luck guys.. 
i have got some smart words to say, but forgot it after couple meetings 
 think +
getting unsure of this no 'poo business.....kinda stinky 
@jweaver410 There's no option to see the public timeline anymore. I want to see what everyone's tweeting about. Not just trending topics! 
Thinks the interview went okay and thinks the only problem is his lack of a driving license. 
Eating icing and chocolate chips seemed like a good idea at the time.   I don't feel gooood
@martinpribble I remember stumbling on an awesome knot site but can't find it now  if anyone else knows one let us both know! #climb
@great_yung_c that's not fair!!! every1 calls me a freak but i don't DO anything!!! 
@arm4r good grief, talk about lack of organization. 
@KevinHart4real  I must've missed it.
seems like google and gmail are dead. do not like! 
@Solimander ugh guess that does figure. 
My lungs feel like they are full with sleeping bags. Not in a good way. Not to make anyone feel guilty, just saying. 
I swore 2 myself I wasn't gunna eat anymore jalapenos... and I did and now I don't feel good @ all, ugh 
@pixeljanni why don't you play maple anymore. 
@kissability unfortunately no matter what you do - stats nearly always come into it 
this feeling sucks. and i cant stop getting you out of my mind. you always came back to my mind, if everything goes wrong for me. 
@selenagomez when did this happen 
It's unreal how close we've gotton. I can't lose him... It's devastating to think of us ever growing apart. 
@AriellT ah, I see. the worst kind 
@NexusVisuals Whatever is the matter, kind sir? Certainly not my production I hope? 
tears are rolling down my cheeks- i cant take this anymore i need shelter im a good person yet all the bad things happen to me 
okay twitter'rs going to go watch a movie now cause im home alone and there is nothing to do 
juice and benny. me no understand all dis short text word stuff 
I don't have much time and everything lies upstairs or I have to get a new one (like hairspray)  It's a little bit frustrating
@gemmak500 it's dry here up the road, guess it won't be for long then! 
sorry for the lack of tweets today! woke up and didnt hav time to do anything but get dressed. i am sick  stuffy noses n sore throats suck
the kills were awesome! the horrors sort of disappointing... 
@SarahSaner I diddent start it!!! It wasent me !!!  Just tweeting 3 turn off words!!!  I'm a bad person  ... Why u grumpy ????
@cocoy [re:me syndrome] too few bother to sign the petition maybe because they don't think  it a pressing issue 
@thomasmike yeah her influence was definately there and she obviously has more control of the kitchen than matters on the pitch 
@allisonrogalski what kind of pleasure could i possibly have in knowing that youre unhappy being drunk?? 
yes, i am up way too late. couldnt sleep anymore 
@karaleelove ooh tell me about it. distance sucks so bad.  sucks worse when it isn't their decision and its completely out of their hands.
thinks the right song won last night, even though none of his bets came through 
No sailing, it is too blustery  never mind, lovely weekend with sister anyway!
@xxneeseyx not in mine (ours!! lol) it isn't! 
The shop called Surgah! is outside of my apt, playing awful music for some sort of promotion. The end of S.park st, is no place for this. 
@Konstpaus ahhh ok, makes sense! i know, poor me  haha. btw you didn't tell me the rest of your dream.. i have a good memory you know! XD
The guys who train have it easier I think - I get my monthly friend and want to eat everything &amp; dont want to exercise 
want to shoot myself in the head- toothache hurts like hell   and i have shitloads of readings to do.
ok last post was desperate ... i guess i just miss having someone who makes me happy 
Going for a run... kinda gloomy out. 
@princicipaiueo huhu its not bout us . huhu err i'm so tired for falling for someone acted cool either indifferent 
@rosieeejones lol i am aswell but its busy anyway  i not stopping till i get thru haha, i NEED to know the announcemtn! x
saw the new honda ad in the cinema today, even though they aren't in f1 anymore i'm still think of them as something special, damn 
!@PDXsays  #racialprofiling was my thought too. 
@ashleighdodgson and you didnt text me back 
No tip!!! The kid is cheap 
awake &quot;/ sum1 hit me up... kind of bored.. 
@ashleyncurtis tolls reminds me that there are so many hidden fees with like everything 
In recovery... kind of missing him arrgh 
@sunnymonroe305 I am so not tweeting U anymore 
can't believe he's really gone  that's crazy how quick it all happens..
When u already think that it can't get any worse... well... guess I am wrong 
hasnt written anything yet, and is going to fail a midterm that havent studied for... bummer 
@Aheram  sorry. lol it was a copy and paste message to all...  I have a bad habit of adding girl to everything 
@lucylemon i hate dentists i had root canal done a year ago and now its throbbing every so often i don't trust dentist anymore! 
why won't no one follow me  lol
am wondering... what kind of causes/charity i can help, even though i have limited resources.. 
@nuttychris am not a teen anymore  i'm 21 in august!
@jasonleed, i just had a snoop around, looks as though 'Britney F'cked Vids' is nonexistent! 
Sitting around a fire while its pretty much snowing 
i can't fall asleep early anymore. i use to be able to get in the bed and just pass out. i hate sleeping alone 
I'm hugging this pillow, trying to relax, but the damn pillow has nothing on you  i miss you already.
@jbaksaxoxo guess what ... it charged me twice for the songs  you only got babydoll&amp;crazier right ? cause it charged me twice for those
Just ate my last two peppermint Rolaids .. and realized that I really enjoy them and am sort of sad that they're all gone 
@tearn very sunny. always sunny. but it's winter so it's cold 
@dh0nah good idea but i have nothing to sell 
I am not doing okay. I feel like my life is falling apart. consider this my cry. 
nothing helps ease the pain of unrequited love more then peanut butter  &lt;3
3 hour critical thinking exam today   suck, I don't know anything either, tbh I'm not sure I care too much
I feel rancid at the thought of going back to work 
think its very hard to learn the little one, to sleep on his own, when he cry... 
why can't i sleep before 4 anymore? 
@michalabanas i'm so disappointed.  guess thats what happens when obesity is such a huge issue 
feel like banging my head on the monitor here in front of me! there is a freaking #COBOL code that is acting up and fails to behave! 
@softlysoftly oh you poor thing! there is nothing worse than back pain  really hope it works for you
or merrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr even, mrrrrrrr sounds more like I'm purring. mind you merrrrrrrr isn't acurate either.  urgh.[
i want the shoes!!!! i want to see alvin!!!! i want everything to be back to normal!!!! gosh i am so going crazy 
@carr2d2 lucky. I've been working out like crazy and can't lose anything.  looks like a diet is in my future.
@houzhou so do I,got a lot of works too!so I don't think I coyld stay away from it right now..lol,oh..  but is your hand okay now?
@LorettaK Girlchild just offered me some wine. And she's playing some annoying dance tune. I think hammering guy'd be less annoying 
@livwho- aww im sorry..yeah me &amp; elle didn't realize something so i was over at her house till about 11:15. 
cleaning my 233 mhz power machine. a lot of dirt  pagecom told me, it is a new one. a lie. call pagecom. trouble
Our building is being renovated... I can't take this drill sound anymore  All I want is silence!
@taralazar Wow, that's cool! Not a lot of nature where we are living at the moment - really missing it 
wow, had the worst migraine, still lingering a bit but i will go to work anyway  anyone have excedrin??
registered for next year.. individual tax, acct systems and control, presentational speaking, and consumer behavior.. oh fun 
@johnmfinn yeah true enough. imho lucas needs to hand the reigns over to someone else... but it's never going to happen 
curtains drawn. just my pretty christmas bulb on. okay, moment ruined. nofx killed pretty love song .ipod on shuffle wasnt the best idea 
why is this happening to me....how can i stop this... 
Everything turned out great now back to work feeling alittle hung over 
@Rafas_tache :O I wanted the rest of her too  she's a sexy lady! ;D
@DanielleyElley What have you started me on? I've been on this damn site all night. And Ihave an early deadline tomorrow 
@RoXyGurl very bummed out/sad. I just can't take the pain anymore. its worse than anyone knows. idk if it'll ever end &amp; that scares me. 
Double bugger, this ear wax removal stuff isn't working as I had hoped...guess I'm off to the doctor tomorrow. 
I'm slowly coming to the conclusion that work is for suckers...  But my bank balance says that i need to be a sucker 
@RonDance uh huh. sure. how? the G4 never started. could be gas but U were supposed 2 leave it w/ a full tank. ddnt want 2 talk about it. 
why do i never seem to get a lie in anymore? 
@heyitsmunkie ...hmph.  fine. maybe i should stick to horror. thats the only kind of design i seem to excel at. HAHA
bleh. Worked my ass off today on that video, but it's still not done! I have some major trials ahead with it too  but I did something neat
anyway,I have to call there... 
@senbin This guy? R u sure? I'm sure he's a nice person, etc, but...  http://bit.ly/3kXmu3
i just got my makeup done prettily and have no one to show it to  spent a fortune at mecca cosmetica it'd better be good!
@crimpomatic thought he was asking about my cams again  
@jongmini Haha cannot play in office otherwise I'll be playing it now!  Don't think you'd like the cutesy games in the psp anyway.. LOL
surprised i am liking the new prodigy tune quite a lot (helped by awesome video)...think ive finally grown up &amp; the britney days are over 
want to go for a ride, but neck and shoulders feel very stiff and uncomfortable  maybe later
@criminalminds do you think he'll hint at if he lives or dies? or is that wishful thinking?? 
Last ever IT lesson, shirt signingin full flow, everybody is being friendly to eachother  where's the drama?
@joanna_olyphant what?! why no amstell??  oh and yes i have the exact same problem with house plants / herbs, basically anything in a pot
@spongebobnudie  nope! I deleted it, which is likely why there has been a lack of status comments from yours truly.
@brsa I don't write stuffs worth reading!  so, its always password protected! 
hates throwing up more than anything in the entire world.  #fb
Oh everyone looks so unfriendly  no, just that girl who looks at me like those eyes. I wanna italics those.
@addersop oh  I really cant get my head round that attitude, how can they rationalise that opinion.
checking my bank statement see if they slipped a couple of million into it by mistake...... hey  guess what!!! they didnt 
getting tired with that kind of 'friendship' 
@fashioncake yep not too bad, just back from the doctors and everything seems ok ... apart from stropy teenage kids making life difficult 
wonders if any foods help control excema....cuz it's getting worse again 
my new anti-virus ive just installed seems to be so effective, i struggle to open anything on the internet 
@daninater What kind of sexual favor?  I could use $500.  You could have given it to me. 
@sassela AHH our thrift stores have nothing worth buying, not unless you're a bum 
My grandpa looks so skinny, i thought he's some sort of skeleton  i want him to live longer...amazingly, he's still fit and he's fore ...
You'e going,so at least I might be able to get you off my mind 
think im going to carry on reading for a bit to take my mind off stuff. mum did not take the news well at all  it really wont be so bad
anybody wanna employ a bright n intelligent risk graduate? 
@mickael yesterday it works fine, and now my client tell me &quot;read error&quot;... and nothing in the logs!  trying to relax... ;)
twit pic failed...probably a had to be there moment anyway 
My nail varnish is all chipped and not the good kind of chipped, the really horrible kind of chipped  I'll have to redo it later.
@musicchyld hmmm I could tell by the way the suits looks that you were rocking em both hard 
in a free art lesson, everyone in bad moods cos of the option and no one talking to me 
@briangramo - I'm in the hospital - wrist band and all. No way I can film an mmo segment  no idea when I'm getting outta here.
my boss kindly pulled some strings to get me some reference experience.  i start in a half hour.  kinda nervous.  okay really nervous.  
A multitasking marvel i am... *gloats but only for a smidge in time* writers block still plagues me so epic fail where that's concerned 
I hate when my mom gives me sheets that don't match for my bed  blah !
heyyyy everyone...wanna tell u that i'm soo......quote finish unquote never found such thing in my life 
i am back in the eighties. girl with geometric shapes on a baggy top, and a conversation in pub about weird science. nobody had seen it 
@taqee - oh fun times!  everyone's moving back but me 
@cascandar u have no idea how much i envy you right now, i seriously h8 having to wait on new episodes, and when the take breaks, aar 
@inavacuum sorry, I got nothing for helping relieve dust mite allergies.  I've got that too. 
Still not feeling good, maybe allergies, or a cold 
grown some balls &amp; then froze em off, i dont feel good 
@sunswebmaster - between him and tisdale, it's a rough going lately for former suns 
@melz0812 i really dont think it's true...at least i hope not. 
I'm twittering from my bed; nobody understands...what ppl repeatedly say when your young never goes away; always in the back of my mind 
everything's seems so blurry. i feel like i need to wear my glasses all the time now. 
hmph well at least it's not under my bed anymore, but i dont know where it is now 
@megsie04  yeah but it didnt change anything.. por homosexual people  The world will never learn that change is a good thing.
kinda in a weird mood.  someone come cuddle.
@mileycyrus aww  i hate paparatzzi they annoy me just seeing them! lol even tho they dont follow me! but i wouldnt like it if they did 
@numb_kisses How come you're never online anymore? 
gosh all of my pass are groping my mind off ! 
I am on a break. Not the kind you like 
is going to sleep....not looking forward to western thought final 
@papaswithapuck i know it is. that's the one think that i will actually say i rock at outright- my extension. but my legs arent as 
@MyInnerJuCJuice how are u???  we never get to talk anymore  
on the plus side...drat i cant think of anything... 
I don't case about that anymore i care about them 
@eruditechick I don't have anything open, plus am mad at it for being too difficult for me to play. 
@HeyItsMandyy i'm sorry!  dont feel bad, youre perfect just the way you are.
@24lbsofBoost yeah u offer but nothing happens!!  u can eaailydrop it off at my casa or I can grab it from ur work and the case too
I accidentally reformatted my hard drive.  Oops. 
@mrskutcher if there is anything I can do to help you guys, let me know. It's a great cause. We are such a throwaway society. 
@JorgeJuarez you didnt text me back! 
missing how it use to be...  wonders if ill ever find &quot;the guy&quot;?
 having the biggest thought right now
Its pretty lonely sleeping by yourself...  I think I might just go for a ride
I wish the cute guys that stay at my hotel didnt think me either scary or plain  it's kinda depressing :p
@wiblah &quot;tears&quot; ok I understand  nobody wants me
@creativeame Really? So far it hasn't made me laugh and it doesn't feel the same anymore. I'm disappointed. 
I put up a good front but I am an absolute wreck over things beyond my control. This is not a fun time beneath my skin. 
@wickedcanadagal lol I know, wtf can I take?  I can't take ambien anymore either! 
feels like want to hug my mom sooo tight! i'll miss her 
what the heck @ my background. i can't see it 
*sigh* I'm going to bed... I just don't feel right anymore... 
@4EvaAFanOfPaula hun are you okay? I see alot of your posts your exercising like mad,not eating or sleeping 
feels like crap whenever she lays down. @)(1+-'$#! I hate heartburn &amp; backaches! 
@YEPNAYDEA I don't have ur #...anymore, I think!! 
I miss the old healthy me and I am loosing faith that I ever will be again 
going down the post office to try and sort this whole ebay hacker thing 
I'm sleepy but is feeling under the weather! ugh! These damn tonsils. I need some company or somebody to talk too! 
@cutiemoet u think its fair...... k den i guess m wrng.... still i feel its not at all fair.... 
@WhoButStretch  you aint invite me
@DinoB937 ask mark if he still has that old blink sense of humor!! i miss it 
really cant be bothered going to work tonigh, its too nice to be stuck inside 
@IamChrisMann I'm just sick of stupid guys but for a moment u make me believe not all of them suck then I get back to reality 
forgot my lunch and no one else is ordering stuff  boooooo!
@feltbeats That's right... kick me when I'm down. 
@BrendonBudness unfortunatley it is the tooth kind of crown 
@alyssa133 awww i'm sorry  what kind of fish did you have?
@AutismInsights laundry instead of sitting here. that darn laundry keeps mocking me. 
@archetypo no kidding, the trends are pretty much useless now. Too bad 
@emclev yeah I can imagine!  Not nice   How much longer is your shift?
@SU2C What about having one in TAMPA? I've been all excited to do the hunt, but I'm too far from any of those cities 
my whole back is burnt from tanning. ouch 
shopping! Migawd. i don't want to surf the net anymore. 
I dnt get to go play lasertag w/ my besties!     *old me's dead and gone*
fuming over ebay purchase gone bad. outta $45 and have nothing to show for it  %$&amp;! 
...what ever happened w/ creating music in collaboration just for fun without the &quot;what am i getting out of it&quot; question in mind? PLEASE! 
The most painful sound in the world to me is the crying of someone I love. What's worse is I can't even hold them and say I'm sorry 
@dougiemcfly join the club dougie i have a cold too  x
my new dress looks sort of...horrible   http://twitpic.com/64mdc
@FrugalGaming i can see the box but when i type and submit nothing happens. ive turned off pop up thingy too 
being surrounded by student houses having barbecues and playing shit music is hardly conducive to a good job-applying frame of mind 
There is nothing for me to do here @ wk i should just go home... Or i can go look at bathing suits  bah humbug lol
@danger_skies  cus it all got too much attention in the end, shes embarrased and i think it just got outta hand a bit poor girl  xX
@MandyPandy32 I hope for her sake she does could it could get worse 
ughh feel rubbish 
@sarahstanley I shudder at the thought of what she was thinking she'd do with it if she'd managed to reclaim it... 
@dressjunkie oh no!! don't be horrible  lol no but she was a better singer even if she didn't cry... don't u think? she made me cry haha!
@JasonJMikeMgmt ur taking tease lessons from the guys! No fair   LOL, oh well, we'll wait as patiently as we can!
@clubflys no decleration yet but crazy ass Koreans aren't playing nice anymore  what do u thinks next? I'm thinking war 
@LuvToSparkLe oh i hate it when that happens. i when i transfered universities i had a hell of a time transferring my credits! lost a few 
@BuddyTV I just found out about the giveaway.. I wish I would have known sooner  What happens with the unclaimed cities?
So my first aid shift started out with some excitement but now it's kinda died down...  I wish I could do this more often!
hardware store guy told me the screw would be impossible to remove since the head is completely gone. will get a 2nd opinion 
@tropigalia I know, I stink at birthdays  sorry bra, hope you're having fun anyhow, in spite of me!
@mandzz ohwwww  whatever I'm excited anyway.
@MissKittySF umm well i only go to house clubs and i never go to north beach so.no idea, sorry  been out 1x there 2 a now defunctlesi club
another great workout! but I'm feelin kind of funny 
nothing sobers you up faster than getting sprayed with a wet hose 
In cafe management, the end of the month is nothing but numbers. My arty little head hurts from finding discrepencies 
@akte does this mean you're leaving me? 
Just took $10 off a guy who thinks he can bluff three times in a row and get away with it. Now back to showing how shit my work is 
is sore from weight lifting  However, it's the good kind of sore that gives you man-boobs you can move with the power of your mind alone!
I'm very upset right now, like I can't even formulate a complete thought.... 
Shots suuuuck!  im done  no more vacines!
@cleverindie This spine thing sounds no good  back exercises are no fun, best of luck hon.
@alinachka is there anyway you could forgive me?  
junk food and movies in a tshirt and sweats.... the only way tonight would be better is if I had someone to hang with 
@laidbackal no i tried to do it but photobooth wasnt working  i gotta make somebody tape it with my handheld
@marianney I don't know think they allow returns. 
@chrisbrogan  does this mean you  don't want to join my spy ring? 
why does my brain decide to work now!  its soooo not fair!
@caamiz all about love hurts.. has no difference in both, love and life. actually, nothing. im freaking 
all about love hurts.. has no difference in both, love and life. actually, nothing. im freaking 
whoa. huge ads invading my @afterellen experience. not cool. 
I'm kinda bummed that I havent seen my best friend in like 3 days 
Still feeling bad about it  alcohol isn't an excuse but without it in my system then I dnt thnk this will ever happen.
@hermorrine I never get weird/funny/whatever texts like those... 
@JoeFrancisBS checked those things they seem fine.i can her that obnoxious noise when i open a new window but nada from the internet 
my phone's breaking down on me. and just when something juicy and interesting breaks out via text, i cant effing reply!  super darn it!
@reddog187 The damn stop button is in between the play and pause button. I keep hitting stop. 
@siopa0 imagine if that were true haha. but you have sick moves imma joke  lol
The worst text reply is &quot;who is this?&quot; damn ... I guess connection don't mean anything anymore.. 
I feel so bad for my friend, she doesn't deserve that kind of crap 
you totally lost your touch. what happened to you? you're so not cool anymore. 
my mom's cat die tonight...and I cant do anything to make her feel better  
no longer worried... hard watching my little bro get older I wish I could just keep under my wing forever... 
boreddd just watched borat and meet the spartans and now i have nothing 
Nothing left to do but to go to bed..wish i had happier things to think of but i dont..feel sad but i guess it doesnt matter  nite nite
@jordanknight jordan, what do you mean when you say &quot;some favorites SONGS OFF of the block? i asked but anybody gave me an answer 
@SoulGlowActivtr I sowwy.. i totally took that wrong..  but seriously Thevinners should get exclusive content anyway.. lol
ok trying new hair style actually back fired  because of language problems   not looking so good. got enough from my wife.
nvm. i've changed my mind. i couldn't sleep anyway 
@Ms211nLA no bueno  well i hope its hot, make sure to let me know when u launch
Depress: sad : everything  sleepin over my bestfriends crib! -cant take the pain he keeps putting me through
@emilialexandra sorry love  I was too tired after the party :'( maybe we can meet up sometime or something..? :S idk my sched so..we'll c
Finished reading... kind of sad... 
@leolaksi btw, cant sort out to have a new avatar updated. 
@marcvanderchijs carl's jr @raffles still not open.  nobody seem to know when?
Ahhh everything hurts...  warming up my bed buddy and going back to sleep. http://tinyurl.com/ol4ugp
theres nothing like having an iv stuck in your arm 
@mileycyrus dont feel to  miley we all feel sad at some times dont let it get u down.u r my role model nd i look up 2 u a lot. luv u lots
note to self: never eat in n out again no matter how tempting it is.  i feel like puking everytime 
@dambisamoyo have decided to follow these guys, just to keep tabs, shame they don't accept direct messages though 
@eleusis7 couldn't find what I was looking for anyway 
We cleaned it plenty fast, but must NOT let this take hold in her mind.. she cowered until we put a towel down for traction. 
O myy dayys how is it thatt less pppl are followingg me everydayy??  aahaa :L
@MissJoJoSmith nah didnt think it would be the audience participation was the best bits 
sad. thinking about how i hurt savannah. so disgusted with myself 
he breaks my whole heart with his disgusting joke.. ( actually i don't even know that that joke will be really happen or no ) 
@hummingpeople really to what? the fact that the norwegian guys in bergen kind of scared me last night? eek 
whatever,we were just foolin' around anyway 
is youtube stuffing up again? doesnt seem to want to load for me. 
Everyone close to me is a wreck. No matter how hard I try to help, it just wont work. They make my life feel like I'm literally in hell 
twhirl has problems with its unfollow function  .. tweetdeck keeps crashing on my laptop, dont like destroytwitter.. anythin else outher?
cosmo says a lot of things i dont want to read  ok well breakfast time, then drop off, then chiro, then drop off book, then need 2 get tix
@MicheleBlueston  yeah. I don't usually have any trouble with them, as I'm a block-o-holic, but they got through my defenses. #scared
@rachmurrayX nothing  its depressing, i could go look for a job but i dont feel like it lol
i hate being sick  im going stir crazy!! i need some movie recommendations anybody have a suggestion?
is still going kitchen hunting, but it's depressed anyway. 
okay, so neither diverting the mind to the project, and nor music helpd. wishing that this feeling just goes away. 
@damohopo glad you explained that, it wasnt making sense! Slugs in flip flops arent good 
looking back through my sketchbooks brings back good &amp; bad memories. @vindicated, i dont have the comic strip anymore it seems 
done done done with my lesson...free to enjoy life...wiii oohhh i have to tidy up my room....crap... 
@DREAMINGOFD yeah it is lovley for a change LOL but nothing to do outside  so I get bored LOL have a great day too!  xoxo
Bollocks. Called to gate and what happens? No screen here, either  #coyb
@CourtneyMorra I heard that was sort of sad 
@ambershine29 I love 'em too!  don't get to go on them much anymore 
Homosexuality happens in small towns, too.  And the hate of homosexuals is there, too.   http://bit.ly/T3Vjg
@EthoStar nah we didn't win any games  my friend didn't really want to go for anything so we kept losing serves. Merrr
...gaaaah! change is good.. i guess. 
@think_not it was censored   did he survive?
@Unknownorigin I don't believe that. thought I'd have a wee look, just as rangers scored  I feel like it's my fault lol
@smallbecca I thought there would be a joke on the stick but there wasn't 
Part two of the nose stud experience: It bled.  Yay nothing like waking up to ripping your peircing out and then bleeding because of it.
thinks it's a boring time to play  nobody's online or can't connect *sigh* http://plurk.com/p/x8i03
My expectations are too high, always. 
Does anyone else have issues changing ur background on here?? It acts like it accepts my changes but nothing happens!!! 
@jhedai888 doesnt seem to be 
@jordachewee cuz there's nothing else to do  everyone ask me to go into mass comm but i didn't listen. it's too late for any regrets now
Luulaa, yeah me too!  but there're always problems about go to shopping!!! i hate that..
@fueledbytaylor awe i hope you get it!  i might sell mine for the d80; it prob. wont happen but whatever. haha
laying in bed thinking about what I lost that was so close to me 
I over drafted more than I thought  i suck, Icould have bought so much with all the fees I owe.
@grammarcop For sure, what really pissed me off is that the judges and audience bought the little act, makes me want to retch 
ooh no #asylm is at the bottom of trending topics  try to keep it on there guys
photography job commenced. it was hot outside   anyone want to come over and watch party monster?
@Dayewalker Ahh I see!! Cant think of anywhere else then.....sorry 
@adarlingxo I'm on a don't eat poop diet  I need to lose my wobble haha.
 why does this happen to me
My laptop won't work, think hard drive is screwed. Maybe it heard me talking about replacing it, and is teaching me a lesson. 
never mind tht actually a thought it was smooth criminal 
found the reason why i can't use wiretap pro anymore to record my podcasts  http://tinyurl.com/mct3g2
@Sharonrey oh crap, I'm none of those things!  will you settle for straight, still wearing jammies, brain damaged by motherhood?
im not a good person. its like I don't think before i do/say things.  i am an idiot.
@alandavies1 shame they dont cost 99p anymore 
@ashliewins you are sick   think that's why you snoring?
@ITVinsider 2 grand? where? i dont see a change in my bank balance....  (yeah, pretty shyte, sorry !)  
The worse realization is knowing thats it's not allergies and you really are sick 
anno I wish I could dance  watching things like this makes me feel pure useless haha
Why is like nobody decent online 
#bgt another act with a same dupe song... don't these acts have more than one song 
@artiseducation eden is a shitty gps that doesn't let you do anything with coordinates. we tried so hard 
love him to death for real i'd do anything for the man, thought i was over those kinda of feelings but i guess not..  and it sux
aha. showed my mom the pic ands she didn't like our backyard being on the internet. so im deleting the pic  hope everyone got to see it.
somehow don't think he will 
a sex change (i) haha iv pure gave the dictionary meaning of it there ahah am so daft 
@jprytyskacz Yes it is, and the heights often are wuthering lol It's such a shame to see bookshops close  I suppose it's bound to happen
@littlelindseyyy guess who is grounded and doesnt get to do anything for the next week??? -lisa raises her hand 
I don't want to be itchy anymore 
its red - and there are a few small scratches where I tried to get the lasagna off in a rush - but nothing serious..... urgh - 
@JHWine But I like the face  But yeah, I think I know a few things we can do. *wink wink* But just in case I'll have a back up plan
does anyone else have as much trouble changing thier background as i am having right now!!! jeez, i just want to change the picture! 
@tequilasam   lol - you wouldnt bluddy sunbathe anyway! one more to show you/.....
@TheNewMachine does this mean our wedding is off? 
Your mean. 
now BGT is over guess i will have to flick over to katie price 
People took over the aerobics room.  this guy! He's like makin sex noises while doing push ups. Lolol
browsing the web! cant find anything to do offline! lol I have no life! 
@haykuro guess we won't be getting hero rom netime soon 
@__laurenS hopefully it will be then, it's actually like a living hell right now, my head's like pulsating  ! hope you're okay lovelyyy xx
#diversity winners, i suppose but im wid flawless all the way diversity aint from the endz ya feel! 
@verbs_n_nouns awwwwww, sorry bb.  is there anything @ home you can cook?
@jaredmcfarland same thing you do with computers, beg borrow and steal for an upgrade ;)  (a sad picture none the less 
omggg feel sad for the guy who fell onto the m1 from a bridge  fingers crossed for a speedy recovery!
I am in love with this shop http://bit.ly/vk45d  but can't afford a single thing 
@dscorrado Not that long, I always get distracted somehow though. 
not going to downtown raleigh live anymore 
Sometimes I wish I was a kid again...cause skinned knees r easier 2 fix then broken hearts!!  {*GOOBERIFIC*} http://tinyurl.com/mafr28
@radagast22 i have no clue. they were a gift originally.  a high  % had mated too.  
can't really describe my levels of pure joy :p, lmao at so many things, and I miss you already 
I have come down with some kind of nasal infection. I really wanted to work on the house and my Mythconduct piece today, but feel yucky 
darn, get way too excited and unable to finish this damn two pages of a simple translation. 
i am soo friggin tired! 3 more ours to go 
I love you and miss you but I can feel theres something bothering you about us that youre not telling me 
I hate that I have to leave, I am so sad that I won't be around her anymore  I love her so much and I wish we didn't have to do this!
@ShesElectric_ we are havin russ withdrawl symptons.too long since i saw him online again  right my munchkin..hope your feel a bit happier
Trying to focus n do this scholarship but I'm kinda bored n want to go hangout 
analyzing=good. overanalyzing=not so good. 
think it is breaking again 
@p_a_r_k_e_r whatever that is it sounds good but sadly I can have NOTHING tasty, I'm almost to the point of organ failure from dieting 
@eval08 awe. i cry when that happens, too !!! 
@ChelseaLJensen is your friend doing anything tonight?  I board out of my mind and plus I'm broke!  LOL 
I don't think I can watch this anymore.  
okay so i haven't been on here in about 2 months. oops.. but nothing really exciting has happened in that time  poor boring little me.
@MissNaD me tooo! i cant watch anymore 
everybody's talking about the puppets. 
There's just no sense in a 22 yr old dying, no sense at all.... 
guys !! any idea ? where can i get red-worms in india ??  plzzzz help.  
thinks tonites 'sneak peak', or lack there of, was a dirty jip.  
@moderncowboy yeah I wish man, tried to get the invite, but still nothing. 
is so over the jerks at the table beside ours....throwing ice at us during an award show. 
hmm looks like I didnt snatch an otakon table by myself...   i hope someone keeps their promise though. it would really suck if he doesnt
@annaoboe oh, poor dog  hope he gets well soon! and why aren't you around that much anymore? why do my fave ones disappear after a while?
@capitaln sure, whatever gets this ache out of my calves 
doesn't want to be sick anymore 
#followme Followers don't seem so loyal anymore  lost some just by taking a break from updating.
@jeremythegeek totally. never understood how to play yugioh anyway 
a lot of sad movies are on. maybe cause we're watching the ones under the drama section. anyway i WAS on webcam. then cass had to get off 
 whatever it's my birthday I'm not letting anything get in my way
not so cute anymore hearing him protest the bottle  he wants mommy
@Memphus  sad. isn't there a ferry of some sort though? I still need to look into everything. Does your dad live pretty close?
stood up twice by the same person in less than two weeks. i'm sad. thought i was at least a little important. guess not 
whatever I ate earlier is trying to escape my stummy 
@littlenovember I miss you  can't wait to see you, and your hear your crazy sense of humour, tomorrow at least
@BrwnsugrDGE yessssss such a dope song....  we don't get music like that anymore
Ugh Not being able to sleep is the worst  anything good on tv?
The weird animal that makes that weird noise isn't outside my window tonight  I hope it's okay! [/dork]
@sake1derful guess I ain't gonnna peep it 
@chevyboi23 not going to watch anymore 
oscar thinks he can fly  jumped off the counter top , is ok but he just has no fear
@terrormarie I'd have to type anyway. 
urgh im awake and feel like crap. we is it that if i stay sober and drive i feel worse then if i get hammered  boo
chasing amy always makes me cry...  
everything tastes like whiskey! 3 hrs ago, this wasn't an issue... 
puts aside tf2 and almost anything tf2 related for the next 18 days 
up early again  y me yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy??????????????
Because if falling for you is crazy, then im going out of my mind. 
my tips have gone to shit,  @mellalicious seems pretty with that, sure a few of my other so called mates will too 
I think i'm gonna have a sex-change! Anything is better than this monthly hell 
@MonaghanTheName u sound like ur in a lot of pain, jasus hate sunburn i got it realy bad last year 
@renmaldita @liaalu @mzmraz @irrationallogic On second thought, never mind. There are now jap starters. Awww... 
@kellyyaanne poor us.  mine got mad at me for talking too much to my roommate or something. He went out to smoke anddd never came back...
@yesiortiz I will mammas and stop leaving me out of all the fun...  lol you knw I'm powers biggest fan and true listiner see u on the air
@joeyyy93 I agree; and I just don't have the interest anymore 
@alethe here the concept of social order not yet. dog eat dog. tomoro not count. everyone dispensable, esp those below u economically 
on 2 holidays in a row probably not dont think i have the pennies  feel bit sad now bring on team supreme hol fun 
6am tummy rumblings, and not the hungry kind. 
just had some toast, hopefully that will make me feel better, the thought of going to working in a couple of isn't though 
@wobblyb woi you! i hardly see you online nowadays! 
AHAHAH I never wanted you in my bed anyway  @prettysurepdr
@danettechan yeah! i thought flawless was better than diversity in terms of dancing 
the revolution is not being televised. instead, there's a repeat of britain's got talent 
@rurouniyuudai85 I succumbed to sleep anyway 
You couldnt imagine how much noise a measley flick of birds could make when I'm sat outsude revising. 
@donotrefreeze I am kinda sad..will have nothing to look forward to... also,no passionate debates... alas! bgt is over  
bored, any ideas on what i should do?? i swear nothing good happens in my life. its completely boring tbh 
@RacheeRoo anyway you can cheer me up 
@savioseb Missed u @ campies-nobody to take good pics of me!  hehe. i'm glad u found my very limited knowledge useful!
@Eggface you say u freeze your strawberries..how do u do it? wash first? freeze seperate them combine? mine got kind of squished together 
I don't want to learn Italian anymore 
doesn't want to feel like this anymore, I thought i was over this 
@AliaAlFalah If you find a solution for that problem tell me, I gained a bit of weight and want to lose it but I love food so much 
sisters in a mood o dea better sdtay away from her :S i ain't done anything  fuck this world fuck my life
@sue999 Legit? Since when is anything *I* do &quot;legit&quot;?! :p This sunburn is legit though 
@demurejen  I didn't know it was frigging doing it and feel bad enough as it is.  I think I fixed it so gimme a chance *waves knife*
@imogenheap i found out new member's stuff on flickr doesnt show up on groups nor on the list of tagged  some of us are missing the chance
I hate that kind of idiotic comments! 
yeah scratch the bottle idea...i'd only get a dollar..maybe less 
#wichita finally becomes a trending topic in awful circumstances 
@MupNorth aw i know i am!  i'm usually SO pale as u can see from the marks! i don't usually go like this... maybe cos the oil haha x
@Goatzilla hey whats hideous about a costume party where everyone dresses as a game character? 
i dont have a bunny anymore  
I was the fakest bitch ever!  and now I missed my chance to speak my mind...
why does the kink meme not update their prompt list anymore? 
I am not sure how this twitter thing works and feel sad as have only 2 friends 
I hate that new show the listener cause all this mind reading stuff comes out after twilight gets famous!!! 
I really love all kinds of dance though I really want to do more ballroom &amp; latin styles it's so fun but time is of the essence 
i dont know how to change her thinking.. 
thanks to everyone who sent the feel better messages - I really appreciate it. Unfortunately... my stupid body isn't listening at all. 
kinda sad tonight.  somebody put me on a guilt trip.  actually that somebody was my brother. that's his way of saying thank you 
Truly getting over someone takes baby steps... But the first step is deciding if you really wanna get over them... He's still my ideal... 
@Carlablah I know! I feel bad, I hardly keep in tocuh anymore.  I'm sorry! But how is everything?
@NCSUTJ  a little late: but is not actual age, just mental cobwebs -  a sense of inertia - a 'don't do what i don't understand' attitude 
Not sure everyone appreciated my overtake   1.04 leptons a touch too mouch?
wow o wow o wow  nobody's ever unbeatable i guess - good going so far rafa, too bad you had to lose...
I need to learn to make more rash, thought out decisions.  and to speek my mind.
@DamiRadke nice! i wanna get a hoodie of theirs or something... i don't have anything yet... 
so stuffy &amp; i can't smell a thing.  i literally just tried to revive my sense of smell by sniffing rice wine &amp; balsamic vinegar. nothing. 
I Have a bad heat rash all over my body!  it sucksss!!! buttt im going to be watching sum stuff and try to finish my puzzle i started!! :L
flea market was a fail  guess i'll order a new saddle online. the guy at the stand was getting mad at how cheap i was LOL
@snb yeah i saw when this was first announced and checked prices. EXTREMELY high and unaffordable  however, i'd still visit you again!
Reviewing lease 4 my apt &amp; shamefully having trouble remembering a few legalities  amazing how quick the mind is 2 eject boring content!
It's the only option I could come up with that maybe they would have any chance of living, or a pond. But I don't know anyone with a pond 
can't depend on her &quot;friends&quot; for anything anymore. 
three manual minis make for a miserable me 
Seems like I can never stay out of trouble no matter what! 
@sharlynnx im good thank you! But i got sun burnt and stuff to my back hurts a bit  What time is it there? x x
@solamore like i had a reputation anyway 
I hate lifetime movies ugh make me sad love stories always end happy whatever 
@dctfitz Can I go with you?  I don't want to balance my checkbook anymore 
@titaniumfish thought I was starting at 6.30, actually meant to be 7. 
man its a real cruel world out there wen u thnk every think is nice its not i wish i was like a kid again so i have no worry what so ever 
@jaysays I'm feeling better and worse altogether, if that makes any sense 
@rossautomatica mmm, nothing stays good for long I guess - they'll have ads all over the show soon I guess 
Is full of worry-ness 
@endloopinc ugh I hate this change, it's a shame 
searching for a live stream to help you non US fans out... its like searching for a needle in a haystack 
U dont even know how much u mean 2 me. 
I don't go on this much anymore and it saddens me 
Today sucks. l'm feeling really lonely for some reason. :/ All l want to do is hear his voice and feel him holding me. But he's not here. 
.. I always have to take a second and feel bad whenever I see an ad for a missing child... 
@faunaana i can imagine.  but as you said, there's no sense if it's making you feel bad. maybe you'll be able to try again in a few weeks?
@ddtdc No there isn't. I don't advocate censorship. Only proper etiquette and common sense. But common sense ain't common. 
this is the lipstick color i lost i don't remember the brand or anything  was some limited edition thing http://bit.ly/2QRWp
@TeamBook  guess that means I didn't win. Not that i'm surprised nothin good ever happens to me.
@carly_grace Feels like it's been winter forever... hate this damn cold weather! And we still got 3 more months! 
@relsqui that sounds like an awesome breakfast! no doubt mine will be a toasted stale bagel, running out the door for a driving lesson.. 
@loopy_lala It just pissed me off, I have weight issues, he makes it seem like looks are all that matter in a relationship 
gosh i wish i could see taylor swift on tour this summer...everything looks amazing 
@mattlxs I can totally relate, i feel like i would do anything for my friends and get very little in return.  yeah maybe that! :S
jus dont understand she used to love me more than anything but now i have to fight hard for her attention and shes barely noticing me 
from extreme social interaction to the hallmark channel. yeah. i'm home. 
 wish i was in bed soooo bad right now! .. pointless day .. ive done my test now have nothing to do.
@aliciiajones_jk   ohhh sweetie...yes is a sad hard situation :S..i'm so sorry ...cant imagine something like that 
@thecab I am but none of them want to go cuz they don't know who or are/dont like 'that kind of music' 
I am past exhausted. I can't party like this anymore...lol...I'm getting old!    haha.
there's nothing to watch on tv  going out to find something to rent wonder when 12 rounds come out on dvd
@squisheroo that's really a scary thought 
@FashnsSwthrt that's crazy  did u has insurance
syncing my ipod. urgh [anything else worth doing?] 
is over all of this... but how on earth do you just end a friendship? argh 
@tishialee bathing a cat is hard enough but using slimy tomato juice will prove to be an experience of a lifetime...you'll see! feel 4 ya 
alyn and denny both sidetracked me from studying 
crap, i hate trying to find a good icon tutorial. i just want a simple icon tutorial. i'm sick of using screen and soft light. 
@mrsleftybrown meh we will have the better experience, who wants the sore legs and crazy crowded experience anyway 
@femmetality no in me as far as talking to me.......im sad......thought we were better than that 
I dunno how long can i keep my secret. Its tearing me up inside.  i hate myself for wad i've done.
@meitawerdi so heart breaking. D thing is, it's not d guys' fault. They wanna come but have lack of interest from promoters. 
&quot;It's like a video game, just stay in between the lines &amp; don't hit the other cars!&quot; I'd give anything to have her back. 
@olivia_exists well im not the only one anymore. 
@CruciFire I dont know but I have avoided any kind of meta tags that blockers might identify and block.. but still it got blked 
I never thought I'd have seen a goto in code I have to work on  nightmares happens
@MISTA23 gosh, i know. i've watched most of the same shows as you but i have to get up at 6 something. this sucks 
@krh1130 oh man i know things have to be hard on the oldest 2 they are old enough to kinda understand but be confused at the same time 
@natsukigirl Awww, I hate it when that happens.  I always end up finding at least a couple I like, though.
sort of got the css problem sorted, it's now 9:53am , I think i'll got to bed now 
Ahhh dayum!!! This hayfever is killing me!! I need something that works instantly! Kmt freaking eye is itching me badly! 
wonders if  why my karma does'nt increase much....  http://plurk.com/p/xkvqh
I'm off to bed, think I am getting a cold 
problem: need to keep studying, but brain is full and wants no part of anything 
I think i've broken my insides a bit, damn boring sundays where i do nothing but eat all day! 
can't sleep. teeth hurt. someones snoring. too much on my mind. lonely. 
just woke up. i`m tired but i couldnt sleep anymore 
@madmannequin I was workin anyway 
@teese lucky  so fricken cold, once again my socks are doing nothing against to cold. nearly finished inkin that doddle!
ok, need to pay more attention to where I'm applying per request lifestyle type...it won't work if you're not applying to controllers 
@lilyroseallen My husband has the iris passport thing and thinks it's great - I have to stand in line with the kids 
going crazy over someone who doesn't deserve my craziness 
Oh dear, whatever your beliefs, this isn't right...  http://is.gd/LnaP 
@shyobaba um nothing new apart from street fighter 
laying in bed all alone, my side hurts really bad and i felt a pop, i hope nothing serious 
maths exam was so hard  dont think ive done too well tbh
Didnt get salary...weird resignation process 
@russfan101b It's fantastic isn't it! I got sunburnt quite badly @ old gaffers even when wearing factor 50 so I have to be careful though 
@culdo@stuartdgray why does this happen to us???!!! 
@stuartdgray why does this happen to us??!! 
@ameliavillani hmm cullens to be a little bit happier! srsly, everyone's so emo all the time  it's like, dude put a smile on your dial!
Someone please tell me this is just a bad dream and its not really monday and i'm not really on my way to work 
@potpotlollipop beshyylove from meee :* have you heard bout dong?  don't worry we're at her side
@motewol I've been gluttonizing yet more!  Should we have some sort of combined b'day event in that context?
@tammichel awww...I'm sorry  did they give you any indication how long it would take for the shots to make you feel better?
our macro whole foods shop is shutting down  and since there's nothing i can do about it i'd just like to say- please try to eat locally!!
everything hurts. it even hurt to have a shower, i thought my skin was being teared up. what the hell is wrong with me. 
@mekahldownish yeah but i mean in terms of everyone getting sick of them winning all the damn time. its boring. i like entertainment! 
@marionraven And... no (decent) movietheathre here (anymore)  (To crowded anyway)
horrible horrible horrible! I wish this could be some kind of misinformation. I hope everything could be okay, even tho it's not likely 
They cover like 50% of her face and makes every girl look good. Confuses the hell out of me. 
@twidroid its kind of buggy &amp; @ aren't clickable anymore 
@xlad hate it when that happens  though probably just spam accounts getting shut down tbh.
fuck just seen the photos. never going out in swimwear again. ever. no ifs, no buts. I knew i shouldn't have succumbed to peer pressure 
@ARFstudios aw we are jealous, ours was not signed 
@LaurenConrad yeah it true! the audio kept going in and out, and i missed the last 5 minutes of whatever conversation was going on. 
anyone else feel like they have a hot hairy dustjacket on their eyeballs? 
@BIANCAOLIVO I know hoew ya feel, I didnt get mine either,and my hsband did 
Oh man. Just saw the breaking news. The constant fear of life everytime I sit on a plane is confirmed when things like this happen. 
@MiaTheeDiva dannng boo. did they get u?  they b gettn me too.
@nikicheong plan on goin but looking for company...  wonder anyone interested???
@DISCOxjunkie lucky, no know around me needs anything done... DAMIT 
BioFreeze is one of the most addictive habits ever! Too bad its so expensive 
@quotergal We have an awesome new admin assistant / receptionist / catch-all and I think everyone's noticed and piled their stuff on. 
time flies and it's about midnite. i'm doing nothing but facebooking all alone! better go to bed. 
@KaelynLanders morning you..I dont see you on here as much anymore... 
@tinker_ramone awwww I'm not a cool kid! 
@smudge372 yeah they are pink haha i always have to buy myself some hubby never buys me them  xx
@pananakins no its disabled somehow! 
#tokiohotel? How lame  #tokiohotel looks much sillier than anything other than #tokiohotel
has got so much stuff to sort out 
I realized something. kelly clarkson's music has really gone down the fucking drain these days. and I love her so much! 
just joined this....yet another reason for me to sit on my butt in front of the computer.  joy  
@bradysmom that's no good  You should cheer yourself up with a smiley balloon or something(and if that doesn't work suck out the helium)
@AshleyChalest annnddd lol thanks for letting us know yall made it home child!!! did yall have fun!! i know yall did  !! hate being young
@HeyItsRiley  can you switch shoes? I'm sort of glad now that flats don't come in my size
@Superrdouche I feel very let down!  I was hoping for a bloodbath, maybe a scar.. but nothing :-/ Just a broken piano &amp; shitty acting 
@KhloeKardashian  its never going to go away 
want to go thrifting. watching sense &amp; sensibility and will probs take a nap. need to get perscription filled. hate not having a car 
really had my heart set on winning a blog make over...  guess it'll have to stay broken.
I hate when you meet a guy, dont know his name or anything, but he makes your heart flutter from his first words. 
finally making that doctor apt. for my knew... 
@JeffRSmall I am not in the industry anymore 
Oh dear, me thinks youngest daughter doesn't like her newly bleached hair, I can hear a lot of banging and shouting coming from up stairs 
is it just me but when put on hold does that elevator music make ya sleep  random thought..
kill it. dang! head stucked in fridge, looking 4 sumthin 2 eat. kinda pathetic thing 2 do... result of a 24h boredom phase 
My guitar is very poorly everybody  *sniff sniff* I'm about to cry right now!
@exapeiron sounds awful  anyway, shit happens.. I hope it went well, that no one died/was seriously injured...
anybody else think that marias dress looks crappy??? she is beautiful (though not as beautiful as sabine lisicki) but that dress 
@Dirtdawg50k yes its weird plus @veganrunnindad is out of town so my life is a bit empty 
pointless lookin at anything.... ive seen the trailer;ill be fine!!  most of #glasto essentials purchased... now for clothes 
doesn't know what to do/think 
school soon  I hope it rains so much that sport gets cancelled, but the chances of that are like less than none *sad panda*
@SuperwomanAK I have a lot a thing 2 do... help me with your opnion please!! I don't know what 2 play 
my background wont change 
@Kdedeaux you too huh? I hope we get ours soon 
@sazzxo college mainly. other stuff too. ive felt crappy for ages tbh, its just got to a point where i cant put on a brave face anymore 
--i secretly fuck wit this letoya luckett song 'not anymore'... well, i guess its not a secret anymore. 
@nerdboner probably.  wishful thinking
i cant do this anymore! 
my wee great grandad just had a fall  i hate it when that happens
i stepped on a clothes censor since i'm off floor and chose to go barefoot. the fucking thing went half in my foot &amp; now i'm limping! 
@doc_hardware i do!! don't get smart w/me foo!! i just ain't know WHICH add-ons. none of which you are suggesting come up in the search!! 
@jkgirl1014 yeah it said nice picture. i have been trying since last night  i have hit the home and f5 and nothing.
@HollywoodIntern aha I can TRYYY! no1 ever listens to me 
@JerseyMutt i hear thunder and its getting darker... im sure its on the way!!! great 
Going for a run to get rid of this awful feeling.  I'm hugely sick of this shit.  
Going for a run... then going to buy every kind of allergy medicine there is! 
why the fuck does everything taste like chicken today  i hate chicken
@MaMii_THiCKNESZ  what's that acronym u b sayin, is it bbwl? i don't like them $hytz cause whenevr u say em u b gone 4 like weeks 
I still enjoy the cereal aisle as much as I did as a kid... nothing comes with toys anymore 
what the heck! paranormal state isn't on again tonight! this upsets me, haha 
ahhh crap... river island want their earrings back, and i still dont have them 
@taraiguess just calm down. maybe you should talk to mom about it. 
cant bear the thought of working on capstone 
@finalfashion Sounds like a good solution, hate that the litter goes everywhere.  I have two big kitties that are very unhappy right now 
carry coals to newcastle, if everbody still defend their egoism   
I am a sucker of my own cooking  maybe I should stop cooking.. haha
I am a sucker for my own cooking  maybe I should stop cooking.. haha
@JesscaESanchez sooner or later you will find out that theirs alot of haters out their. 
hates the drastic change in the temperature 
@wemightspellyou fuck then. god i hate this. world needs more happy things, not over dramatic and dumb fake vampires. 
Ugh I don't know how to twitpic its too difficult for me on this damn blkberry 
doing nothing good  ... thinking of buying a xbox 360 XD
@JohnScottBlack honestly, I can't swim. I can get in the water, and get around, but nothing legit. Which is really pathetic at my age 
@drgnfleye don't think i have forgotten to email you about your very generous contribution. just super busy doing my taxes 
@mdieter you're making me feel bad now  would it make you feel better if i said i don't really mean it and @scyll24 thought it was funny?
@kokupuff ok..a real life new new. i don't see the problem. i mean i ain't grow up destitute either but u couldnt keep me out the hood 
no one is signing up to come talk?  the lighting on this webcam sucks anyway...http://bit.ly/CZHD8
no one is signing up to come talk?  the lighting on this webcam sucks anyway...http://bit.ly/CZHD8
no one is signing up to come talk?  the lighting on this webcam sucks anyway...http://bit.ly/CZHD8
no one is signing up to come talk?  the lighting on this webcam sucks anyway...http://bit.ly/CZHD8
no one is signing up to come talk?  the lighting on this webcam sucks anyway...http://bit.ly/CZHD8
I'm sad cause every time I say the words &quot;I hate to read.&quot; I feel uneducated and everyone looks at me like I'm dumb 
turns out its not a good idea to bike wearing flip flops 
mad as heck that i can't find my keys, &amp; i'm not going to take it anymore! 
@ShazamSF damn, i wish i had such things. oh wait! i DO.. i can't even look at that shit though.. makes me kinda sad. i &lt;3ed her 
My twiggas I'm on my way to the hospitak the excruciating pain is back n I can't deal.. Wish me luck n let's hope its nothin serious 
@RaDollasHpc u b forgeting me i see u say hi to everyone else b me these days  and u aint never finish answering anything i say i still
Some times I hate my keen sense of smell 
@stoddard85 no more coldstone runs!!!  at least for awhile...
@JonathanRKnight All good things come to a end  You don't have to be a stranger love.
@JonathanRKnight ok we are so not gonna talk about anything past the summer. i cant even listen to 'officially over' it makes me cry 
no one is signing up to come talk?  the lighting on this webcam sucks anyway...http://bit.ly/CZHD8
no one is signing up to come talk?  the lighting on this webcam sucks anyway...http://bit.ly/CZHD8
no one is signing up to come talk?  the lighting on this webcam sucks anyway...http://bit.ly/CZHD8
no one is signing up to come talk?  the lighting on this webcam sucks anyway...http://bit.ly/CZHD8
no one is signing up to come talk?  the lighting on this webcam sucks anyway...http://bit.ly/CZHD8
no one is signing up to come talk?  the lighting on this webcam sucks anyway...http://bit.ly/CZHD8
no one is signing up to come talk?  the lighting on this webcam sucks anyway...http://bit.ly/CZHD8
no one is signing up to come talk?  the lighting on this webcam sucks anyway...http://bit.ly/CZHD8
no one is signing up to come talk?  the lighting on this webcam sucks anyway...http://bit.ly/CZHD8
a lot on my mind...trying to figure out how to align my passions and my obligations, not coming up with anything so far  #fb
feels like he was placed in a burlap sack and someone beat the piss out of him 
@hal_pomeranz yeah  I wish they had a better business model. maybe conference centers just need to die.
really like these shoes 2 go w/dress, don't want 2 blend in whatsoever, everyone's in white-a bit over budget  http://tinyurl.com/lwn35o
@ventions how come you get all of the aewsome festivals. there are a bunch of bands i want to see at sled island but freakin' 18+ venues 
Why the hell isn't ghost adventures on the travel channel right now?! This screws up my whole routine! 
The sad part about #bill44 is that the kids that really need to hear opposing viewpoints to induce critical thinking are gonna get pulled 
is no longer a teenager!!!  kinda sad to think about haha
@kate_reuvers nah, not that I know of anyway... information on the target audience is a bit scarce at the moment 
@djsolmex Its sooooo sad though, they cant get divorced!!! They dont even sit next to each other anymore or live together during the show 
feeling sleepy...dont feel like doin anything 
no one is signing up to come talk?  the lighting on this webcam sucks anyway...http://bit.ly/CZHD8
no one is signing up to come talk?  the lighting on this webcam sucks anyway...http://bit.ly/CZHD8
no one is signing up to come talk?  the lighting on this webcam sucks anyway...http://bit.ly/CZHD8
no one is signing up to come talk?  the lighting on this webcam sucks anyway...http://bit.ly/CZHD8
no one is signing up to come talk?  the lighting on this webcam sucks anyway...http://bit.ly/CZHD8
no one is signing up to come talk?  the lighting on this webcam sucks anyway...http://bit.ly/CZHD8
no one is signing up to come talk?  the lighting on this webcam sucks anyway...http://bit.ly/CZHD8
no one is signing up to come talk?  the lighting on this webcam sucks anyway...http://bit.ly/CZHD8
no one is signing up to come talk?  the lighting on this webcam sucks anyway...http://bit.ly/CZHD8
no one is signing up to come talk?  the lighting on this webcam sucks anyway...http://bit.ly/CZHD8
panic...  thinking how 2 fix my tear stocking...    shockingly i knew it from fardhi... damn!
panic... thinking how 2 fix my tear stocking...  shockingly i know it from fardhi... damn!
@nyager No smoking anything for a week! your going to kill yourself. if its hard to breathe you have to stop please 
is at the doctors  lets hope i havent done anything serious to my toe
hmm.. another role offer... love to join the team but too bad, i'm booked for another team 
@laura_eyedea oops! what kind of problems? 
@DesignsbyIsis just listed a new project with no trouble at all  wonder whats up your end :s
interns are more of a burden than anything apparently..im just supposed to look good and be quiet says my zhu ren 
feeling psychotic do not like this one bit! time to get drunk but can't  growl sitting in silence is not goood
no one is signing up to come talk?  the lighting on this webcam sucks anyway...http://bit.ly/CZHD8
no one is signing up to come talk?  the lighting on this webcam sucks anyway...http://bit.ly/CZHD8
no one is signing up to come talk?  the lighting on this webcam sucks anyway...http://bit.ly/CZHD8
no one is signing up to come talk?  the lighting on this webcam sucks anyway...http://bit.ly/CZHD8
no one is signing up to come talk?  the lighting on this webcam sucks anyway...http://bit.ly/CZHD8
no one is signing up to come talk?  the lighting on this webcam sucks anyway...http://bit.ly/CZHD8
no one is signing up to come talk?  the lighting on this webcam sucks anyway...http://bit.ly/CZHD8
no one is signing up to come talk?  the lighting on this webcam sucks anyway...http://bit.ly/CZHD8
no one is signing up to come talk?  the lighting on this webcam sucks anyway...http://bit.ly/CZHD8
no one is signing up to come talk?  the lighting on this webcam sucks anyway...http://bit.ly/CZHD8
@Schlingl not so much, but it's boring. i don't like the drawing anymore. 
@bojothebudgie The horny stalker kind that takes and gives nothing in return. I feel used and abused. 
@lilevelyn good attitude! btw wisdom teeth extraction sucks bigtime. make sure u get your fill of solid foods before u go under the knife 
@KirstinHolland darn - blackrock is offline 
@simbunch nice but i cant no longer login  I tried forgot my password and still get nothing.
just went swimming think i got darker :| 
mostly because it takes my too long to write and even type things out...  yep sad!  I need a fast typist...lol
don't know how to put on eyeliner  Even the supposedly idiot-proof, really easy to handle kind.
sigh...why does it have to be so troublesome..  but well, wat else can i do.. haha
@the_chaser_ nah, forget about it! nothing important! 
@colbsi You won't even own up to it?! You eat my kind! 
wtf. why does this happen? 
he din text me, he din call me and he forget about me. 
@garpods22 I can't see your pic anymore! 
my mother forgot the 'password', not the pin or anything, she uses for online shopping and after 3 tries i cant buy my topman stuff 
want to be anywhere but here right now... fugded up the first history paper, second went ok, i hope. cannot be bothered with chemistry 
@karpaydm You goofed on TWO of us!?! I don't feel very special anymore. 
doubt your going to tell me, oh well 
@dantencer My hopes were sooooo up on the MacT news.....sad day 
http://twitpic.com/6gmvk - Looks like were happy doesn't it - doesn't show how we are just about to fight and ruin everything though 
@eddyhan lol dun worry, my tolerance is definitely way higher than most people.. just can't find anything spicy enough  ok i'm gonna try!
@ImajicArt sounds good to me   love to do some painting at the moment - know as soon as i get it out - i'll hve to put it away again! 
@rygledhill ... and she was all &quot;yes but revise.&quot;  nobody's any fun anymore !
Still no luck on getting my twitter background to change to anything except for the pre-designed ones that come with the account. 
@irvingjohn It's a super surprise special thing. But he's 20 mins late... maybe I'm not hanging with anyone today 
Definitely wishful thinking! We're here till 5! How depressing!  really want a twister lolly!
@pearlbones that's reallly odd  maybe it hates you?! ahaha refresh the page?
@cantufeelicks You go to a segregated gym? That's ... kinda retro, in a bad way  mixed genders normally keep peeps on their best behavior
@tomwickyphoto bummer - that sounds like it needs to go into the shop... not aware of others with that issue 
On second thought, I think I'm going to burn rather than melt. 
I hate mornings. I'm hungry as fuck but whenever I eat anything I feel nauseas 
d'oh. cinema's off. not going to watch knowing  rach doesnt feel well,she's got a cold... oh well.
@sass_a_licious sigh.  it's the little things, isn't it? I'll be tweeting you when my kid gets to that age I'm sure 
@Sexyjoy386 im so afraid ever think all will be good  i think of you youll  bring that off
@bhambo cool. I feel so bad. I don't ty knows who I am. I went to the daycare and went to go and see him. He acted like he was in trouble 
wish i could rip someone in 2 over my back  damn you kratos!
wishes that I was on my way to tamp 2 see the no doubt/paramore concert but i hope everyone enjoys it ill be in gville taking a test 
@monicana oh wowwwww. that's really awful. I hope some sort of relief comes soon. 
i am still sans website. i like the anonymity. i am an internet enigma. but business demands one  can anyone talk me out of this madness?
@drewJwilliams baaaaaabe, i'm not blaming you... work wouldn't allow me to leave early anyway 
@birdiehaynes thats pretty awesome! nothing shows up to my flowers or feeders 
@chickbammbella  hope u feel better best call me if u need anything! ill call u on my way to chk on ya.
@fruityalexia Sounds good, however being a regular laundromat user I can advise that it doesn't happen  *sigh*
guess nobody recalls what proj mgt did to help them 
darn you blonde roots! 
@solemom: No matter how it's spun, though, the kids all lose.  
awwwwww guess ill miss the sa interview  cant seem to get it to work
feels like crap. Makes you think whats your purpose in life 
kind of frustated , i wanna move and start a whole new kind of life  any great city suggestions ?
@damjanov well just recently some project provided us with foam balls, you know what happens with those heh.. but same ol same ol. 
@selfproduction cutting is the worst part  in my opinion anyway. I am cutting stupid..lol. paper, fabric, anything
Snacks arent fun anymore 
@wtfitzsoda @bumbuum the kind of medicine that makes me unsick 
i feel sick  kind of feverish 
I think my hair looks best at night and that sucks because nobody is around to see it 
@KLoop83 nope. same stuff. I don't know what to do anymore  I guess just leave it how it is at whatever it is and try to keep living.
@tschaber guess we'll feel awful together 
@loganculwell y do my m1's leave huge holes??? this never happened before 
@sagpig that scared me 
watchin thirteen ghosts...but my head is turned cuz its at the scary part!!  i hate watchin scary movies alone 
@Sugabear1015 umm... what benefit, do share? I'm feeling kinda left out right now 
@ninzja i hope it actually rains here. it's so hot hereeee. when its cold, its really cold, when its hot.. its like manila but worse 
@julie_wang i don't get G4 anymore...      it looks like everyone is jumping on the motion controls bandwagon...
@tinythoughts yes, binary takes up too much room to fit anything useful in a tweet 
Just woke up. I aparently fell asleep on the couch and managed to bend my glasses into some kind of pretzel like shape 
is feeling stir-crazy from being in the library too long 
@Melissaraad Aw sucky.  -comforts-  Despite wishing otherwise... they'll notice if I disappear too.  
holy fucking stinging hell. hit a pine cone while running &amp; grazed my knee  lack of damn street lights!!! ARRRGH!
could have met in bandra. i just dont know of a watering hole that could fit a dozen together! 
@InnyVinny interesting premise.... i dont watch much family guy anymore 
@mlexiehayden No, like I be feelin sick forreal when I come in here 
@FijiLomalagi well that too... it is a shame and a sad story to all the longer it takes worse it gets 
@patsytravers it's okay. i've accepted that whatever happens, happens. i just don't want him leaving w/o him knowing how i feel about him 
@Ahmaeya i knowwww  i must stop this and we have to have some sort of SOMETHING before next semester lol
doctors this morning, nothing good comes from me going to the docs &amp; if its its anyfin to do wit my lip piercing i will cry 
At the mall,found a present for my brother.screw originality,I just got him something useful.I wanna eat 
listening to music thinking to myself trying to figure out why it has to be like this 
feel like crap. don't want to do anything except read a book or watch movies. so over everything 
Sitting in the office, feels like I'm getting hay fever of some sort.  #fb
 thats a shame but as soon as a plane loses contact with the airports &amp; doesnt emergency land within hours, obv something bads happened :$
weird.. i just really really reallllyyyyyyy sleepy all of a sudden... i dont want to be tired yet. 
did i really eat all those chips? dang, nothing seems interesting anymore now that the chips are gone.    lol
It's cold  I need some kind of breakfast...
@clinamen  no. job market awful for really good administrators. been referring all the ones I know to shared backroom idea http://bit. ...
doesn't feel positive anymore 
bastard canny upload anything on to gay college computers 
hmmm...1/2 pint of neat rum  in swiftys room  lwas my undoing  not as young as my bad side tells me!
guess i was wrong.the first volume of 'twilight' is not very catchy and interesting.it's boring and crowded with wasting details.too bad 
no. my knack for acting brilliant makes me feel macho. lol and an idiot, ironically. but i think that's not how wisdom is! at all 
i couldn't hide it any longer.  maybe that is the real reason why janto thinks i should stay away from their house.
from the clips ive seen of the sims3 on youtube it doesn't look anything great. What a let down, guess i wont know till i play it 
breathes out a sigh of relief. at least something turned out fine today. guess that's my consolation. 
@shazradcore thank god someone on here supports the blues!!!! and go benny creagh!! shame we are 2 tries down already 
@yuvipanda Books are good but its always a trouble selecting one out of a gazillions books available.. 
ah aha ah ah ...u make me crazy  why do you send mess with me ? what's matter with you ? u don't miss me ?
@wondrous_as_u ours either 
it's &quot;one of those days&quot; where everything is poop; in a negative, fed up mood. 
In a way, I am kinda sad because I won't be able to see my friends as often anymore, and the ones that I never have over or anything. 
the chaser is not funny anymore 
@URandomnessK the bad kind 
Sitting in my course, no sign of the hot guy and now I have nothing to look at while the woman is talking uninteresting stuff. 
code clean-up finished! now going for heap sort ! 
@LittleFletcher aw bugger! I hate it when that happens. at first sight it seems like they're the best but they end up screwing ya  topic?
@jimmywhite09 @nachojohnny did a lot of hot records for chris that didn't make his last album!  politics...
Inventing the wheel in progress, audience segmentation done blind kinda sucks 
@crazy4disney The skin doesn't interfere w/anything, screen is just as responsive as before. A pain to install - I missed a piece of lint 
@chayra hahaha.. U know.. As always, i left my cellphone in my room.. I know its a bad habit.. 
@cupcakemafia  feel better. if u're up for it, u should watch 'real genius' while u're down, oh, and 'juno'! that's a good sick movie.
@photoindustrial anytime, i totally agree, the thought of the whole thing is really upsetting.   I sent the petition/letters a while ago
feel like shit, fucking side effects coming off these meds, wish I never started them, been nothing but trouble 
@hismuse that stinks  I hope that it is just getting worse before it gets better you know... not just getting worse.
On the main computer *yawns* this thing is soooo slow  better than nothing though.. hopefully ill get my laptop back soon..
@LizAnjos nah, at least you got to eat yours!  we had to throw ours out because it got moldy  
self portraitssssss - are dead annoying. ive got nothing interesting to use  http://tumblr.com/xrz1xv271
@HiToYou if I remember rightly it's got something to do with 22 blokes running around a field kicking a leather ball. 
@vrikis I just noticed that you have in- followed me  have I offended you in some way? You seem a cool guy sorry for troubling you.
he didnt teach us anything..psh dbq. bio went -_- need a new start, and quick! its almost over..8yr dif 
@Lauradorapercy dont worry, i think everyone found it abit crappy  good luck for you last exam!!!
is kinda bored and has many things to do, but has no energy at all whatsoever today for some weird, strange reason 
http://twitpic.com/6j092   *is pathetic* but ooh nice hair. and jost on the pic behind, anyone?
@JulieJoyce ticking over 2 b honest... got some things to focus on but being lazy  need to kick myself into action a bit more today!
broke my case for my phone  oh well...I wanted a pink one anyway...so I guess it happened for a reason! LOL
@KennyCarlile hey it so wasn't our fault he gave us his research paper to implement! 
FRIENDS! Who wants to join me in my crusade for animal... help stuff!? I need someone to go with  http://bit.ly/Hmcae
i wish i had a special skill or at least an interesting hobby of sorts, cos i don't think laughing out of context counts 
Just finished my makeup. I can't take this tortue anymore!!  I'm completely staled.
@SarahWV yeah...I was actually thinking about the color change...but wasn't thinking about the passport and heightened security and all 
i will start my history cw in a moment boo  .. got no motivation whatsoever :')
Oh snap!!! Another honest/anonymous writing critique!!! *sigh* I *do* write long(er) stuff, it just never gets finished! So, no posting! 
@ClassicNutt a little mortal combat in '99, then 2 movies i've never heard of, then an ep of law &amp; order in '07.  so not much of anything 
erground band anymore. 
I don't have photoshop anymore 
methinks it is time to pluck my unibrow...talk amongst yourselves whilst I am in pain plucking 
deciding what to wear for oasis on sat......think its going to rain 
I am just replying to my irate boss for not doing something I wasn't even included in  AWWW this sucks big time
They have begun directing all decision calls/e-mails to me. They don't even cc: my boss anymore.  I don't want him to leave.
When things are this slow I have to re-learn &amp; reconsider which clients we need to be &quot;precious&quot; with (ie. national network runs only).   
my face's peeling!  looks way grotty. grrrr!! happppy mood tho 
@kassiekern: aw i'm sorry  me and reagan would come save you of we could
health getting me down. not just the diabetes. seems every month something new crops up. feel so much much older than my physical age. 
@hughmurrell youtube is screwing up like crazy lately they have slashed my views again aswell 
kind of in shock about david carradine. 
- sort of headachy 
I seen @jcashdolla and he ddnt give me an autograph or pic  LOL
@xSEANxLONGx that doesn't make sense then..cause...a few months ago i was putting up stuff bigger then 1gb in size...stupid youtube 
@souljaboytellem u not a trending topic anymore 
feeling confused... think i'll go to bed 
@souljaboytellem u not a trending topic anymore 
@Ashcabob i can't find it on zillow anymore  wtffff.
@EdRoffe u still got your top button done up. it strangels me 
@kelvintraves when i was younger i had more ability to think &amp; concentrate &amp; write &amp; care. now i'm a big lump of duh with no personality. 
@mattmusicslut WOW...again?? They need to realize they're doing more damage than good...sorta feeling a little backlash brewing, unfort  
well they found the missing plane! ...  sad. those little tiny ones are scary esp. in bad weather
is iffy and wonders why krispy kreme and robotpickuplines are trending topics but cant be bothered clicking. i blame the iffyness 
humph.. You've beat me by 100 now @matripley and I suspect most of mine are pornbots 
@natamac yeah. I'm a little busy with packing anyway. I packed my clothes and now my wardrobe looks so bare 
@jennifermeechan Yeahh me too it really sucks 
I miss my granny . feeling kind of sad . 
alright, so forget lunch.. cause there's almost no food in our house &amp; i can't drive to go get some &amp; no one else can drive me. 
lmao my mom was all trynna tell me something and i told her to shut uppp 
Could this day in by any slower of worse? And to make things better, i dont undertand anything in spanish class  help...
@candy_warhol glad i cheered you up, it's still all true but you feel bad again  i'll have to work on turnin' that frown upside down
uh, Little Boots album leaks that circulate at the moment r complete shit in terms sound quality.  can't wait 4 the retail.
today in health this kid showed up this card with a bunch of circles.and one of the circles is a different color...noone got it except me 
@paulsilver there's no 'hidden' option available  think I might just have to position it off the screen
Thinking sphinx here I come, anyway. The main acts_as_solr rails plugin is buggy anyway. It corrupts date searches - I had to patch that 
@crazy4nkotb i want to buy them but promise my bf not to do anything until next year. i don't got the nervs to get on the plane on my one 
is feeling like a failure. How come you can accept a major life change yet go to the one place that just found out &amp; feel crappy?  
or they just dont want me there 
@donnieklang boo i'm across the ocean.....  me thinks you gotta get a studiocam up so @TeamDonnie can be there in spirit
Could i just see him now please?  going to sleep, i cant take this anymore.
*sighs* I would like to do some website customization on my site with current theme, but everything I do looks like crap. 
I can't find my list notebook and have no idea if I am accomplishing anything relevant 
So disappointed with the yearbook  everybody looks pink and its just plain crap! next year it is going to be so much better!!
In bed suffering the effect of a nasty cold - feel that its going onto my chest which does not mean good things for the future 
fml. why don't any of my friends have money? we can't do anything. danny can't evenm afford a damn movie. i so damn bored 
@KevinHeart4real your wife feels like your goona be ok... what did you want her to do worry herself 2 death lol 
kid has a 99.9 feever and his crazy brother wont sit still  what shall i do...hhhmmm movie tent and popcorn sounds like a good idea!
@sabeeh90 noooooo!!!  that's not cool! We betterget a full set list gosh darn it!
@ThisisDavina it's a shame though that we are trying to form a first impression without live feed 
got a pedi 2day. tummy acting up but not 2 bad. feeling sad, like i used too long &amp; missed out on a lot. no kids, no health, no nothing. 
sooo I got a new hard drive replaced on my macbook and they couldn't save anything so I lost 2 years of pictures and music  I'm a sad bird
@MikeyDance i know you're grounded,  told you she'd see them someday. i love you so much, missing you loads. x x x
goin threw sum major friend issues ryt now, not lookin so gd atm i defo need a drink, the strong kind 
my kinda sort of new stepsister is getting ready for prom. brings back the memories 
@ms_cornwall oh no how come everyone is joining just as I go - is that a hint  - right my ball, my rules, *huff*
What's google orkut anyway? I don't get it 
@the_duckie  hate it now.I used to love it .... when i made it like that, now i hated it.And it doesn't look like that anymore .
@penwing  cheer up lad, think positive
@deboramaia I prefer @Dannymcfly anyway, gave up on @tommcfly 
so i guess no matter what kind of milk i drink - soy or regular - i'll always have to go to the bathroom.  at least i lost the tummyaches!
@whitty316 Much more structure and procedure, much less being chased by giant stone spheres. And you can't keep anything, more's the pity 
@SophiaF3F3 I guess its a no go on the shower then 
@azeleen dang, if only my chem teacher was here!! dont you multiply it by something and subtract 32...? i dont remember  lol
@marionhoney awe  whatever made you sad should get punched
Doing adult things..watching the news, deciding if I should save the $4 or buy coffee.. does this mean I'm officially a grown up? 
@SammyTheDuck wowee theyve thought of everything!  can you believe ive only mentioned cats 14 times? and i call myself a cat lover 
who can give me advice on toning my arms? only getting beefy, not what i want.  started ballet classes again but need something else too.
Its crazy everyone is givin me options now that ive got on and off the train 
@juiceegapeach love it!!! but I can't keep both anymore  its a recession #furlough
why did heath ledger died  ?   buu  he was real good. In my filosophy class there's a guy just like him O.O its kind of scary o.O
@TheLastDoctor I hate people that talk all through the film, try to guess the next scene, burp, eat like pigs &amp; spill pop corn all over.. 
@rockthesole it was just a thought 
Wats good twitterbabes!! How as y'all doing can someone please send me so uplifting words I'm kinds down!!! It's been one of those weeks 
@MissSididdy - re: wine &amp; cheese guy - creep! i'm sorry  looks like blog comment's deleted or hasn't yet been approved. probably won't be.
ole kill bill didn't give anyone else a chance to....  bad joke, i know. 
@tommcfly I love to laugh, but i don't laugh recently  but, your laughing make me happy
@angellz I'm so serious  I almost cried. It's such a disgusting thought lol.
@dramble sorry sweetie...i'm all out of ideas ::hugs:i have to figure out how to get more space to run a game-program too big) 
i was a bit too fast saying that everything gets better and better, it went even worse. thank god i got a bottle of vodka to knock me out 
@JaylaStarr lol that photo doesnt exist anymore 
@LunaEclipse whatever that site is, it totally locked my phone up, lol. I'm sorry to put u through that!...  maybe because we're awesome?
Everybody's got a nice place to go to, and im here all by myself, without nothing fun to do 
I don't know what to get my tattoo of anymore. 
@Upstatemomof3 I never see anyone around here.I get a lot of weird looks for both 
 sound died @ theater, halfway thru the hangover. So far it's incredible, love all three guys x
wuz up everybody...somebody talk to im bored 
it oblivious to the reasons why she lets a guy treat her so badlyy 
It's too hard am tired I don't think I can do this anymore 
the dance was awesome, my crush couldnt be there  it doesnt matter anyway, no one cares... everyone was focused on 2 certain ppl, oh well
so apparently dave and busters, no Italian anymore 
has negative thinking  http://plurk.com/p/yruw2
bugger, i can't find the instructions for my communication project anywhere. guess i have to download them again 
not happy anymore 
@candydoodles hahaha...yeaah,me too.  i really want one.. 
hmmm....i need some encouragement....some1 to b with me...i feel so lifeless....need sum real action..something meaningful 
I can't sleep  and my phone keeps making a weird noise when I text and it's kinda scaring me....
Fuuckkkkk we were soo close to being with eachother, damn my no sense of direction! 
i cant wait to earn just a little bit more money i need a choueffer bad  got crazy back problem
oh poor rosie  her stomach is sooo loud. that's what happens when she eats grass. i can't imagine how that isn't painful either 
I dont want to live like this anymore 
Nothing like 2 blizbleeeeeezayyys in a row hooray for that keystone light ..need more soon 
@oliyoung Sometimes you get all the cool stuff but other times it's just a massive fail  Depends where you go and what's in the shops now
Lol and now! We went to go see the hangover and its sold out !  sucks! But hopefully we get something to eat cuz I'm starving !
And my feet are killing me  But hey if anything is worth doing, you gotta do it in heels!!
Regardless of the situation, breakups are not easy. &amp; kind of suck! 
@CinRox awww  I'm sorry...do u want nuts? How bout nuts in ur face?
@21andAMBITIOUS shit tell me the story too! I had an outta body experience. And my hand hurts now. I think my keys hit me back 
guy came in wanting a kind of chew we are out of. he got the most sad, dejected tone to his voice...i feel terrible 
@anti_std me too, I'll be there in thought if I can't make it 
@rataisthebest wow thats cool! so are you working these days to save? i'm studying business management.. and its pretty hard.. 
I can't do this anymore 
listining to some al green man!, he got something and it's beauitful, dang mom wish she was hear with me 
you know what i said about burning my dinner? yeah i did, and burnt my arm with hot oil in the process 
guess all my the walking,golf,digging has caught up as i'm back to aching all over - thought i was past that- so disappointed 
its pretty early 
It really just isn't the same anymore 
think my puter has a virus 
@ProducerAlayna I hear ya, nothing worse that wanting to sleep late and look at your clock and its mad early 
first degree burns for everybody  fucking ouch 
@BabyMikey74 yeah, its escorts who have some sort of #ageplay or even  mention #adultbaby play on their profiles. there arent many 
have tried half an onion, warm oil, pain meds and nothing is helping my little girls sore ear   any hooky-kooky ideas out there??
@PoshLopez yeah but i don't think she meant in the cool bandanna sense, more the ugly priate way 
i think it's stopped - i hate rumours  kinda sad that someone would make summit up to ruin summit that's going right.
@avatree like a creamy anti bacterial soothing crap. you can probs get something like it at watsons. is your burn ok?  hope its better
I can't sleep...  how do I make myself tired without thinking so much?
im sooo bored. got nothing to do  i need ideas
@OfficialBB very poor choice seeing as its a fundemental element of the whole programme, no wonder fans are furious about it 
@mymemoirs and i have nearly finished reading everything- before=15tabs, now=2tabs  it might be a sign to go to bed
@bungeespin Sometimes we get so used to things like moniker that we expect the same response/delivery from others. This company is a joke 
I feel so sad that @tommcfly isn't in the lead anymore!  Because he truly is the best twitterer!!
@SolitarySiren that kind of detatchment is sooooooo dangerous 
@jamiemcflyx yeah same!!  i think we should tweet her + beg her not to announce anything for 2 weeks:')
The reflection in the mirror aint the same anymore.  flaunt it whilst u got it
has some argues with his damn conscience about a certain happenings lately... it's a tuff discussion, folks! I might not get trough it.. 
@SarahCyrus awww no... why are u crying hunny?!  great, now i feel even more horrible!
@cavediver Our little group kind of fell apart after that, lost track of everybody... 
@anthonyblears glad to hear it, although its pretty miserable out there now 
can't sleep late anymore 
I can never remember what end of the collar goes to the needle holder...  put the dumb thing in backwards again 
@plumlipstick So few of the kids ever did anything close to gang activity but all were punished... 
@megasenter because i didn't feel up to anything, and neither did my mom, and it was just this huge fiasco and i felt real bad. 
@anacriscrod trouble with tribbles, dear (tribbles are students, of course). A hell of a migraine, fever, and no disposition. sorry. 
@mandyjshez I heard it's really good it's just that she mimes but we knew that anyway.. I keep seeing hammersmith signs on the tube! 
@KellPearson I don't know. But it makes me sad and frightened for her pretty regularly. 
I cant sleep anymore! 
heya i felt really bad yesterday and not bad as in ill bad as in upset theres a lot of things going on for both me and my friend 
@juicy376 awww  well when you find your next job cause your aiming higher im sure it will have those kind of benefits!
headin off 2 do somework but fell blah for sum reason 
 not many traks on the trak pack the only really giood 1 is we are the champions not even something like another 1 bites the dust with it
I'm sickkkkkkk!!!! How did this happen ??????? 
#T20 world cup is boring..booooo...somebody pls tell me if there is anything good coming on any channel 
@dragontart Yes,he is. It's just that ppl like her get to me &amp; I lose my temper. It's harrassment, plain &amp; simple using the guilt trip. 
work sucks cant sort out the minor harmony question i dont want to do the psych homeowrk i no wat to put ish  feel lonely as hell 
just posted chapter 4 of my 'seth hearts angela' fanfiction. jeez i really need a better name.. but i cant think of anything 
@lpstkone I know it feels like I never update anymore  Immq do better LOL!
goodmorning! still no word from the foreign exchange student. i dont know what her deal is. guess im broke forever. 
is soo not happy when you said we can't be like in the past anymore 
i wish i had a freaking book or something. devon is back with the guys getting ready and i'm all alone and soooo bored 
hurry up sims and install! nearly done...kinda...not it's only at 9% of superstar 
@JackPierce Not that kind of networking! And yes I know you don't. It's just I kinda need one now after being let go 
Morning bleezer...should be happy but I dnt know tht emotion anymore 
Just wondering - I see you feel that my sense of conversation is lame...  loool @BkZJustO
@riickyy I've decided that you're too beautiful. I'm not really doing anything except for hanging out with that crazy girl at 8:30. 
@AllHonours  pleases unban me  im sorry for saying something naughty i was jokig... i need the sit 4 irish tips :O i promise ill be good
@emily0418  what kind of sickness?
@SilentFate I dont follow back anybody anyway 
@rickyli99: cause it like 2 harass us that's y  grrrr same boat I prefer the dark its always cooler
Exploring the city alone!  good thing i brought a friend to travel with. I see the stratosphere!
@KimKardashian yes!! big regret.. now it wont grow more than an inch past my shoulder blades 
@pf_c yuck on worrying the whole weekend  i'm sure everything will be fine once you're able to talk to someone.
@yourafterparty its only sat &amp; everything is flop? that sucks  this week took forever to end!!!!!
I dnt have twitterberry anymore 
@blueyoyo08 i know  its not the same anymore 
@vegasjeff I don't know.  I have good and bad days.  It's just an ego booster but doesn't really amount to anything. 
@BlowhornOz I don't think I'll be staying up that late anymore 
Still cleaning  almost done.. ish 
weird how dead-on this song describes my current life situation ha  fuckkkk. i'm gonna go clean, it always keeps my mind off things
Drats.  I can't seem to type anymore at #wcchicago 
@drinkmoxie @grantimahara - oh sure! we're huge fans of the busters of myth - we tried to do something for the new season, but timing was 
lAPTOP died on me  ugh guess i won't be on for awhile, call me if anything.
@damienrandle no offense. i just dont like hiphop anymore 
loads of my family are sick not from flu or anything but so worried bout them so depressed  everyones so upset
been so busy doing not much of anything in particular ive just realised i havent eaten since breakfast....eating lollies now 
@courtneydenise yeah, that is a definite rape of your paycheck  that is ridiculous. hopefully you get a decent tax return then.
nope, it's all changed. new lessons and shiz. i have a lot of double historys  but many frees before lunch. fingers crossed they're same!
@lesleyroy ahh i feel like you're always in my area now, first allentown now wilkes! and i can never go! what the heck 
It's so nice outside but I'm still here inside the house.with nothing to do.and im to lazy to go on a walk by myself id rather hang out! 
@nicolah so far nothing.  it feels like its getting worse, not cause of the peroxide lol, just as time passes. 
@NicoleHainey23 dont think you need tix, no but the premier is in novemeber init..when we are on tour  im sure something will come up!
@innuendogirl celebrities and TV characters, so it's no big deal. I can't save anything to my comp. cuz I'm using the school one.  
@1eighton THANKS for posting the link.... now I dont feel as exclusive anymore 
the possibility of missing out on blink &amp; weezer is kinda making me blue... 
@jaybranch no worries just cant blip u more then 3 times  defo top tunes though !!
@xHeathLxChrisBx hey!! I've been so busy with the final tests..but I'm done with it finally! And u? I know..we haven't talk in a while 
I don't want to drink anymore 
@rgoodchild it's the best kind! 
@jarekpastor http://twitpic.com/6s8p8 - Aww poor doggy..  looks like the dog is asking for something and no one cares for her/him 
No red bull on the boat...makes me sad  its kind of an outrage but not really. I think the bartender hates me already
@morgansp12  ticets for it. LOL. maybe mean, but i couldnt stand it! She know one song i mean  so annoying, and she said she was just as
saying goodbye to my toys and teadys  its a sad sad moment, hmm i need more then a few rubber ducks and that to sell to make more money...
@MeAllTimeLow ugh! Your still mad 
I'm kinda sad cos my crazy fast web browser on my phone has stopped working.... Depresseedddddddddddddddddddd 
 turns out the hot guy is 12. hes playing with the 11 year old i came with...theyre playing animal trivia! life is cruel!     
worst thing about bronchitis? Not being able to laugh  It's like ahahahah-cough-cough-cough-*chokes*-croak-croak-*dies*
Why do I aways get stuck making the golf ball pyramids?! They're always crooked anyway 
@Jonasbrothers before the storm is goint to be a disaster  , i'm sorry guys, i love you so much, but that's my opinion, she ruins the song
@KendaSmith aye but I've a need for it all on dvd in the piratey way -giggles- I can't find season 1 or any cover art  show is pure genius
@MissStacyDoreen I been here too....and I say we plan sumthin else 2 do, since last tyme I flaked  wat u think??
@jaybby_ o.o; that's awkward although a little amusing from my view XD maaan that sucks! 
@annATL I'm kinda glad no one's there, cause I'd be missing most of it. I have to leave now and get back on my makeup work. 
looking up stuff that may help me see better, first suggestion to cure my eyes made em worse 
i guess nobody wants to take this snot on a windshield out on a date. 
yknow when your a kid and you put the duvet over your head and feel warm and safe and peaceful in your own little world? Its not working 
think I've got the mean reds 
Having bad milk without knowing it is a draining experience 
(continued) ...and that was a bit of a disappointment. The story staggered to a halt, with a threat to man's evolution coming to nothing. 
my icon seems retarded, the boredom and webcam using makes me do these things 
It sucks nuts watching hockey on a 19&quot; TV. I have no idea where the puck is 
@bessemerprocess that sucks! I would send over something from our liquor cabinet, but I'm afraid it would prolly not get there in time 
@dianashome  what happened anyway?
bread and honey wasnt that great this year (N) for everyone who didnt go, dont worry, you weren't missing out. 
This doenst happen to me... im losing at beer pong 
is home, doing nothing, i don't know if my friends are calling me to hang out because they had plans of their own  blah blah
thinks that she is the laziest student in the whole wide world  shit. need to study my ass off as of today u... http://plurk.com/p/yyvpl
anything good going on 2morro in the A area?? hit me up if any1 knows 
Packing up the rest of my shit and all that jazz, I need some music or something while I do this but all the electronics are gone 
@codinghorror The sadness kinda kills the funny in this instance 
@jkdcgill How tragic.  http://bit.ly/17r30j Its a shame you didnt seek the right type of valuable information that could have saved him.
@TwoSteppinAnt @Lindascrush I dunno but i sure as hell wish i was there!! Or any shows for that matter. summer is sad with no concerts 
soooo yea wine wasnt my greatest idea lol but i gotta numb myself somehow 
It says take out the first think! @Dustinbrutal i think i'll never tweet again just because now i'm apparently stupid at it 
or my parents liked demi then it wouldn't matter  they r just plain weird! and not in a good way like me haha ;)
some annoying drunk guy keeps puttin on late or almost late bets putting obscure amounts on 
@sartre0nil I hope you didn't have a break-in...terrible feeling  Hopefully you can somewhat replace your stuff.
Its amazing what one fart can influence.. 'it was me!' I say.. Then all kinds of lines rush through my cerebral vortex 
@MrsAngell thinking of you. 
OK. I'm also in one of those curl-up-in-a-ball and try-not-to-contemplate-life moods. 
@walkingsoftly i ate those leaves once.  as a kid.  I didnt get high, no fair! 
i can't wait to be able to afford to thrift shop anthropologie.com sort of styles 
@celly94  ily even though ur mean
I need a better name for my blog *cries* Does anyone think WizBlog or WizPulse sound good? 
I need to do stuff...not twitter...I am a baaaad girl......I'm going to sooo hate myself tomorrow!!!  
@ShonaBris I have long been hesitant to donate to these kind of places. They take too much overhead in admin fees anyway 
cant fool anyone anymore. 
@triciabella17 in stockbridge wit croom &amp; caba, I'm so gone it makes no sense..7 shots &amp; 4mixed drinks....they keep laughin @ me  lmao
I'm bawling my eyes out while watching Titanic. I've seen this movie 100+ times. I'll never let go. 
So sad ahkhun is leaving. I told him it wont b e same anymore &amp; he said things dat made me even more sad.  - http://tweet.sg
@wyndwalker dang sorry buddy i missed this somehow!!!!!  nothing much been up, just went to the @AtlantaDream home opener ...LOL
@JasmineKnown ::pulls you onto my lap:: trying?  darn
on a more positive note, once off the needles, i realized the hat would have been way too big anyway. back to the drawing board 
@janders223  dude that sucks hopefully your boss doesnt throw the book at you because of him not getting it done 
@terrrrod what kind? yknow hayleys got infected. 
@natalieannem wow, that sucks. There is nothing nice about 5am 
@JanetEdin and with fast cars,maybe not so much of a good thing to have a passion for,haha come with many speeding fines  what u into?
@BADDESTnLA oooh me too... but I'm injured  throw some change for me
I must erase my nail art before do phisically check up for people tomorrow..argghhh feel bad  sorry nail art..lol
@drewryanscott a bad thought passed my mind when i saw that 
hate the final details of getting a site ready to go live - its all done - bar these 200 small details 
Wants to watch drag me to hell.anyone?I'm not in the mood of watching movie alone this time.. 
@jesskiddding, ive never eaten a table before. Fyl i thot thats how you play..... 
feeling kind of homesick... 
@JaneHungOz yeah, usually during sleep  *no kidding* i got a vague idea of how, but nothing 4 how 2 update 
@zedshaw not that I care privacy-wise, that stuff is on my blog.  But the sue -&gt; use typo is embarrassing 
@DkW_2023 having fun? havent heard from you in a while 
feeling down,dont know why i think im getting the whole baby blues,dont know why,everything makes me sad 
@runnenwater yes,i feel guilt for hurting someone just coz I don't know how to balance my life and study,i think i'm kind of babyish 
@RocknRollBride ... oh honey  I know how that feels - I lost my cat last year. I hope it all turns out all right (*hugs*)
though, due to the complete lack of suspension, i cannot do much of anything without having my back scream in protest 
@markmadsen Unfortunatly, that sort of human stupidity is not exclusively  reserved for open source 
@jakehh, never mind they opened that part of the house straight after anyway  now i feel dumb #bb10
@Sweetdanceray tear.... I remember when we would do fun stuff like that together  its allll ooveerr now
think smart with your briliant brain dong! 
@samanthaceparti well i needed my eyebrows done, never really get them done  at alll!
feel complicated couse lose my bag 
Another day in bed think it is tonsilitis feel crap missing family they have moved to inlaws to prevent catching anything 
@Galaxyhighkid aww have you seen that save your breath arent playing the wonder years show anymore 
@trky1 i understand if you dont want me therem i'm sorry 
@xxloverxx I disagree, twitter's always being hacked!! 
watching occcccccc but the soround sound aint working  nd dad thinks I broke it don't think I did but
@genesis716 lol doubt beer can make it any better whatsoever 
@shaaqT did to whoever was left! think @netra left along with you and @kaushal before that 
I hate you  that's the kind of crowd I want to hang with
So disappointed...That one always let me down..thought she was my bff but guess I was wrong 
@kathreeeena bet you're prom was so much better than ours. 
so tired. feel like my eyeballs are gonna drop out of their sockets at any moment 
@lidles i had gastro or something that made me sick :S but mum and enrico think i forced myself to be sick coz i didnt want to work 
My whole body hurts today. I wish I could blame it on something good like a workout but no 
@lauzmur no cause there's nothing else in it and that makes the mingin bread taste stand out more 
At the moment I'm most thinking about the first and last, but shame the last ones have red on  oh wait I wear loads of red! 
conan's not a trending topic anymore. 
thinks spotify is one of the most useful things he's ever seen, shame that we'll have to pay for the mobile version 
@michelleclaudia Lol is somebody abit shy !! Lol aww hes lucky  connections and on holiday x
bean tree notes, studying, and writing things for spanish all day...should be delightful  thank jesus i wont have to do this anymore soon
is off to sleep cos she's tired and sick and has nothing she can take to make her better  guess they forgot to invent the miracle cure!
@lozhead yeah, i loved them all up until that point. then they started making the 3D ones and i completely lost interest 
heard a news and it made me sad.  extra extra sad. huhu but i'm still keeping my hopes up! POSTIVITY is the key!!!
@Spraypainthero well it depends on the kind of hike  and I may not be avaliable until 2 or 3 *depressed*
not making a cake anymore, mother is being a bit of a moan. homework instead. 
@xlad Volume's not been a problem for me, I assumed it adjusted that itself. I'm not good enough to do anything fancy yet though 
I can't sleep til' 11 anymore like I use to. 
The thought of having to study math paper 2 makes me wanna cry !  anyone want to sit it for me ?
arghhhhhhhhhhhhhhh accents get me everytime. im going crazy  check me in soon
wanted to go swimming but it doesnt look like thats happening now  got ready for nothing :/ eugh
they got to be kidding!!!! I didnt win that contest  anyway I still think mine is better its all about self believing
I really have no sense of direction. It makes me feel so stupid whenever I get lost. 
@LStacey jeez last time I looked you had 120 followers! now I dont feel so special anymore 
@curiosity_shop hey why you haven't followed me back kafey ? 
@rossmurderscene its unreal the amout of swiftness I've had to do its disgusting my hairs half done and I'm sooo sleepy 
@SayJayyx3 Ihave seen a lot on the internet about that and I think the animations are much better. but my laptop is not equipped for it 
@the8bitch You should also get my precious mix done  sad times lol xx
@xodasha lol...i don't smoke so I wouldn't know...but smoking is bad anyway  so I think she has bad taste...
@erika138 there's no swelling or anything, just hard to hold onto the back and twist the front  I need a local piercer!!
@NiftyKnits Oh that stinks  It's hard to compete when the competition breaks the rules
@Beermans i haven't got anyone killed yet! and i just made my oven fireproof oh yeaaah. none of the cheats work for me except money ones 
@Dojie what kind of doughnut?? and how comes 
I don't want what this happen 
goodmorning!!!  grandma just left      don't know what to do today, ill probably film something, expect a new vid on my side account
@bandaids not regressing, just too fat for decent clothes at the moment...   rubbish...
One-piece shopping for hell. 
@ShiGirl2224 I can't try anything new, housework and lesson plans are calling my name! 
@chillybreck No it was me , told u clowns scare me and i will have nightmares  so u said we would have to unfollow so i did
This sucks I keep having dreams he's here. Then I wake up &amp; see an empty spot beside me  4 months down ..
turns out modulus is used in random number generators already. i didn't discover anything new  
@sandflea82 the impression is badass. ill get you a link. and OMFGOMFGOMFG 
I miss my dreads goddammit, everyone I see seems to have them  need more body mod, stat!
@darn02 your mission is to find it! I tried but I cudnt 
your mean!!! 
after all the dancing and shit, the energy level has gone down and i am back to being sad again  http://plurk.com/p/z5j6g
its raining... it makes everything look so gloomy 
@SarahSaner I think thats the sort of motivation I need to be honest!!! 
@faemous  that's always hard.
I just hit daddy's camero with a big plastic think 
Not drinking and driving anymore!!! I am cutting it too close 
@shawnfacekillah i try to be positive!  alas, i seem to be breaking all my very expensive electronic possessions 
@Shiroga whatever I could find in the fridge really...which is kinda bare. 
dear out of focus pictures I hate you. I am very upset I took a crap ton and only one of the set I liked are in focus ugh. 
I miss her ande her kids like crazy i think of them everyday i dont like that they hate me for no reason  i never did anything to them
@missyanchi cant update on 'mileyloverx3' anymore 
@typicaldoll what the hell happen?! 
at this stupid thing with my dad dying of heat exhaustion and boredom  help me 42836018
I think it's a serious condition this playing wow.  I think I need a break but I can't stand the thought of them being there without me !
Pretty sure this thing lacks sufficent lift charge to get off the ground... kinda sucks. 
just showered. no ones home. i feel lonely. i guess ill be watching the game by myself  so hungry. im going to cook something
I don't want to go to bed at 4 a.m. anymore... 
@ifenn: @bigcox ouch pressure!     However, if I've done my job right you shouldn't see my very modest contributions at all..oh..bugg*r
Havnt tweeted in awhile I miss tweeting 
think i may have misread this situation.  
@conversegirl16 actually my sis is like the master of blackmail lol its like she has an ability to come up with evil ways to get me 
@VelcroShoes aww  it'll be fine  think good thoughts! see you on weds xxx
@whitsundays  The little dude was probably food w/in seconds  Amazing what the mind can do to you!
@ThisisDavina was a crap idea to do the eviction interview since she was so shell shocked. Could have brought her out thru diary room 
oh  hope everything is fine tomorrow...dont worry, everyone feels that way every so often
@kimifan oh  hope everything is fine tomorrow...dont worry, everyone feels that way every so often
@DaveStyles how bad to you bite yours, I am getting worse with mine! so annoying and so automatic, don't even realize it sometimes. 
@bossylady87...hey girl if it makes ya feel better the paint on one of my toes chipped too lol 
@em_oak crazy, I've literally never experienced anything like that 
so i'm sort of fighting with my sort of used to be best friend over facebook...this sucks 
An old friend of mine used to tell me, &quot;if things aren't alright, that means it's not the end.&quot; hmmm...maybe thats good news..not sure 
The princess is to tired to come over to see me! She dont love me anymore!  lol
finally home from working my ass off. wish I was with kenny and everybody  gooood mood though!
mind fart...this writer is totally blocked...you know the situation is dire when i'm blogging about toilet paper...shitty 
@uhthedeal I can't help it...I'm on lust over drive, damn those ridiculously good looking Italians. I only know skeezy Italians 
@arepeejee ..real lack of independent, well-informed and balanced thought out there.  It disgust me too. x
being in a hospital sucks, my kids have no idea how much i love and miss them, they dont have a clue 
@uwvark27 that's not very nice  (it's a forged certficate, anyway. I'm from Raxacoricofallipatorius)
fuck a weight watchers point... LOL i want juice 
@stephaniepratt - for some reason I can't reply to your message, but yeah.. it happened to her. Some sort of friend overload lol 
So, I've secretly become a basketball fan... I guess it's not a secret anymore 
@buckhollywood no tv here at old house  moving n renovatin is pure hell , hope u post what happens 
@tshirtguy12 damn really??? I'm on my second  its sad really....u think they're done?
@selenagomez still dont know if its working...do i stay on the line? do i keep calling? kind of confused 
its boring in the train. just listening to music. i cant do anything coz i take an umbrella on the left hand 
screw chemistry. i don't care about what i get on the final anymore. 
@KatWilton I had a panel decide to keep or toss clothes, me retaining veto power. There were a lot of hard decisions in that shoe bag. 
@bucketreviews b/c its cool to hate twilight.  it was nice to see a writer try something new with vamps and see a good film come of it
Sitting on the couch with my mom...got a lot on my mind... kind of depressed about something... 
@evickkk okay u totally just ditched me to go talk, real cool 
@Jinxx_ your mean 
everything about my dad annoys me. i can honestly say i dont love him i dont like him im only here because i have no choice. 
Morning Guys.. just woke up with a bad feeling..  gosh I hate this situation
I hurt the crap out of my nail while packing earlier.  There was some blood.    I think I need a finger transplant or something.
@GADbaby I was all excited, changed to cable thinking there were re-runs on  I don't want to watch curse of king tut!
Feeling like absolute shit, i've got some kind of virus. I'm skipping first tomorrow to sleep in, then doing two tests 
bored! ismy expression right now.. tummy rumbeling= hungry! and thats me! sad expression = me! I got hacked no more anything! 
not sure if i should keep going out with toby anymore... :/ 
@michellecpa very very true. it's great for east coasters though. seems like their venues are all closer. ours? shit... 
@dremin Whathe, I have that same drive, and it doesn't show up in 7 like that. 
hates hearing wierd unknown things move around at night!! 
uugghh... laying down listening to music alot of different thoughts kinda sad but wateva ill get over things eventually  days lukin iffy
@tobigurl19 pretty sure I feel like shit now  thanks a lot for wrecking whatever sort of dreams I had in mind
is sick  all of a sudden too. blah
@scene477  ok. I wonder why it keeps on messing up :/
@kayeeejay i'm sorry you have to suffer through weird backrub situations and stupidity instead of hanging out with us.  
@judihames The sprouted like crazy, grew two extra leaves and then stopped making progress. 
@sgBEAT:MattBinks why not?! You don want me anymore!? 
@dom_unique_  secret person...and i honestly dont know i got the computer back to finish my final ?s and i'll the get phone tomarrow.. 
@LibrarianIdol no, think we lost the umbrella at fad before we made it to karaoke  #clearlyumbrellasarenotmeantforpubcrawls
man i'm on a down buzz  think i'm coming down with something... not gonna go to school tomorrow. feel like utter shit.
#boredom There is nothing quite like boredom. It sinks in and mocks you with every second that ticks on the clock 
Magics lost  This don't make no sense!!
way to go lakers! only 2 more to go...kinda sad there are only 2 games left this season...hate to see it go 
@milkred and nothing works!  Then again, they ARE 2 years old and have been through a lot of abuse haha &gt;_&gt;
I want to know the truth from friend not lie oh okay I am tired of lot of saying and hideing from 
i get more headaches than anybody ive ever met. really. it sucks. 
watching mythbusters, apparently she can get pregnant doing it standing up 
@jlindz i don't think it really looks like me...not that red anymore 
@PLMusic22 yeaa that sucks monkey balls!! lol  try to get some sleep.. close your eyes and just start to think of something &amp; make a story
yep, so its BACk  my noctural state! any1 else still up?
@ameeraaa__ I'm not the faintin' type, but I'd probs cry. this is so ily,I want to be there so badly 
I hope everything with the guise are okay ;__________;  I'm scared now  it better be something happy like Tannerz having the bb
@chrisMibacache ..its not that sunny anymore  lol i took a photo!! but the quality isnt good haha
I feel sorry for that lady even though she talks a lot. She def has some sort of handicap of the mind.  I hope someone comes to get her.
just woke up.Ihave a fucking headache. 
@spacejock  Gotta love it when that happens. I'd recommend switching everything to linux, but we're having issues with that too 
@happysherpa did i mention all the servers wear kilts? it's a little gimmicky but it's a fun place. not the same thing as bein' there tho 
You never appreciate something til u loose it..id lie if i said it doesnt hurt loosing u 
I'm trying as hard as i can but i just don't think i'm good enough anymore. 
anyone wish to donate me a prom dress? aha. it's too difficult to find the right one 
@Lucindariding yup :/ apparently if the pain in my side gets any worse i have to go to the doctors/hospital  fail.
hate that no one reply...it's feel sucks....oh no.... 
why do passport photo make me look extremly fat always... 
YES still awake writin this damn paper! sigh when will i learn my lesson  The sweetest taboo!
got a new PC at work, means i finally have to adopt the noisy (please think about the environment blah), image-heavy coroporate signature 
@fashion_hayley Nothing worse than cigg smoke all up in your face while you're ill. 
@cyberprvideo oh i didnt see anything from you  im trying to convince myself to go to sleep - what about you, dearie?
@MaggyJ92 im sorry!  what you doing apart from going crazy?
I take it back, I don't want behavioural that much anymore 
@paul_clarke the only bad thing about acupuncture is that you can no longer donate blood 
@HeriCabral i'm not really pruny anymore 
@mrassman it's based on a true story, anyway. so i guess if you were to wiki it you would have found that out yourself 
Why can't I minimise twitter into the icon tray anymore? 
anyway, had heappppppssssssss of fun, went and saw land of the lost, extremely funny but had no story line  LOVEDDDDDDD seeing her
at the moment nothing very exciting, just chillin infront of the tv. got clean my fish out at some point 
@FayeFoucault thanks!  i will need it hehe....psychology is my least favourite subject, i cant wait to have it over and done with!
My manager just called me a snob and is apparently justified in doing so 
feels gloomy with this kind of weather  http://plurk.com/p/1120nt
@brokenp1xel also! recommend me a good torrent client thingy.. my one refuses to download things at the moment and i don't know why 
sigh, 2 fish vanished from my tank today, think 've got something nasty in there. maybe a hungry crab 
@lynsoliver I haven't got a couch anymore!  
up early b/c i had an honest nightmare 
Jobros doing  a cover song on radio 1 I'm going to cry it so sweet 
@SarahInMI Icould slept a bit more too! 
@ALOliver sure am - thank goodness, some sort of tummy bug, all three generations ended up gettign it at home 
hmmm - upgraded an 08 project into 2010, had to remove all #tfs api ref's and re-add, otherwise build wouldn't recognise them 
bff's ,tell each other everything right?.....but wat if its gunna hurt them really bad  .....:S
yeah[happy dance] why i'm i happy? i shouldnt be happy cause my friends bro just passed away and i should be sad not happy darn [frowns] 
@krist0ph3r one button refuses to stop getting clicked. self surgery didnt help either  also other parts are getting slow/dying
@TalluluhBella me too!! im on 18 and imo i really dont think its enough when you consider you have to deduct milk allowance off that 
got to forget. stop dreaming of fantasies that never come true. stop daydreaming for that guy to be yours. 
realizing that poison ivy takes 12 to 36 hours to show up.   emphases on the 36 part. lot worse case then i though i had. 
@djpnuemo I totally missed this message, I'm sorry dude. I actually forgot my camera  lawn seats though, so couldn't take much anyway
@Vgash_us But it won't be an honest euphoria!  lol darn it..
just had a greasy roast chicken, ewww but nice anyways its shower time.. or wait maybe poo time, i dunno yet.. my belly hurts 
@Shanaax3 Wow, she should be able to consider your guys' situation &amp; understand, and not just be quick to shun.  I'm sorry  Runningout2.
@alys114 Haha... sounds about right. But thats still only 10% of the work... what tv channels, what demographics, what kind of media etc 
feels the need to do a long tweet. enough to fill the 140 characters anyways. @KATIEISMINT hasnt gone to the doctors. omm! suns gone in! 
@Lozzzzaa yh least its not i love traffic anymore i finished tht and winterbells annoys me now as there is no pause button 
#iremember just a few hours ago when iremember wasn't a trendy topic anymore.  oh well. things change lol.
@patdac You guys hate me 
hate to say this cause i love @marthastewart 1 bowl chocolate but those coconut cupcakes kinda suck (p29). a waste of time and resources. 
@nursebc1974 tell me about it!!  Then adding this damn heat, twice as worse.  
@SallyTraffic boooo. i didnt manage to get a ticket...guess my competition answer wasnt good enough 
scleritis is no fun ..  eyes hurt for seeing! ugh guess it is my sign to go to bed... lol
@johnbbeta fair enough, i dont think its too unsafe out there but its never going to be 100%, unfortunately 
@jaimeherndon @timbuk2 awwwww I'm gonna go ahead &amp; assume the same thing. sad sad.    It was a fun contest though. thanks for the chance!
So much filing! I think I might be being buried underneath it! So sad I don't have my filing helper anymore 
see it doesn't pay to be nice when you ask the cops something. they just yell and get nasty with you anyway..not so nice law enforcement 
What's a mother to do except worry  it sure makes a lot of sense what a dear friend said abt not having kids. No regrets but.....
at paytons leave me alone what your doing thingy 
wants something fun to do  ugh. everyone keeps getting to go places. like wtff mann, where's my vacation? &gt;:[ 
kirsty turner your going to make me cry lmao i wish i had come with you 
is wondering why two years  have gone by in high school and i havent really done anything.. kinda depressing... 
I feel a bit yucky today.   Not much writing getting done now.  Not much of anything in fact .
@parkview poor thing! please let us know if something good happens for it 
@msjenniferso I didnt know the hole closes that quickly, but it sounds painful anyway  haha
 my locker isn't McFlyish anymore  
do you know this feeling, when you give your whole power but you'll never have a chance to win?-it's so frustrating 
@sammonti now t. ivy thinks i'm inlove with them. no joke. i tried telling her it was you but she did not believe me 
forgot to eat dinner again. audits suck! literally. they suck the life out of poor me. 
knows she has this thing called sinusitis. But with the pandemic going on the chances of susceptibility is so much higher! Shrugs! 
#novelrace. feel tempted to join after seeing some of my friends racing. not sure i won't churn out crap in the hurry. i write slow. 
I miss my crazy obsession with wizard rock, and knowing I'd see shows every summer. What happened to me 
@DavidArchie i guess that was a little selfish for me to say.  i just wanted you to read this... somehow.
Needs a site to download some decent fonts.. also wanting to create something nice with a fathers day theme, just not good enough! 
@spouseaggro I am concerned I may have to delete Chilie and Caviarre because I don't see them being played anymore.  
lack of news, lack of gossip, lack of everythin'... steal his iphone dude! check the call log! the boredom was flooding my mind now 
@wetneonred @bunny1892: thought that it was poo. Too many storylines, too many cliches, 
@Itxi_Itx facade?! damn...that kinda hurt 
urghh... does a sneak peek mean show one episode now, the rest in like 10 months 
i neeever twittt anymore  laaaying out;*
@ddlovato It wont allow me to vote 
There's nothing worse than hearing your mom cry. 
About to go swimming... too bad I am already sun burned as is...  oh well its always fun to splash around for awhile.
@JavaMamaBuzz he doesnt have a cell phone,  So it sucks. I don't know what the crap he could be doing it's not like theres anything to do
@HWLMarc  be nice to me mister! and i'm like 98% sure it's in the vegware-mobile soooo i should probably retrieve that at some point
@rockbandit yeah but then how will my fallback plan of marrying a rich guy work? 
@vixen37 it was... hard in the sense i hadn't revised.. but easy in the sense i was familiar with 95% of it. just one of them screwed me 
hmmm....nkotb site isn't letting me look at blogs  guess I'll go do something productive and try again later...
hmmm...  sour patch kids gone and still want more candy...  always.   #squarespace
workout: had to make it beginners for @PrincessLisa310 but its okay no love lost! out the shower feeling good, do i have to get dressed 
@SonOfCann true, it's not really their fault anyway 
@halliew I've been trying - I think I actually aggravated it further with a dumb move 
mac power supply is broken  bummer really don't want to have to buy a new one got no choice though
@SineadMcFly i know not good anymore 
@milkshakex3 wow sounds like u enjoyed it a lot!!! bit of a problem. i still cant find a dress for ur party 
you don't got what it takes to scramble me right baybuah.  or maybuah you do but you just wont do me.  
@samanthaax3 aw i'm sorry  yeah i got a speech from my mom too. i was supposed to get a new phone &amp; things didn't go well of course, &amp; she
... so ichy..  maybe i should go to the doctor...
i just cannot write this dang paper. my mind is not working. i'm sick. i dont want to write it 
what the heck... why does the zoo close at 5? 
@CosmicGirl_x Why must you make getting up earlier seem more appealing to me, you heartless fiend? 
@Skibble not ur fault!!! Just such a sad situation.  Makes u think how lucky u are
Why the hell isn't rachel (not luminous) picking up my calls?  I feel so lonely.
&quot;parents who host lose the most.&quot; oh shit! i planned on winning in life buy hosting underage drinking parties but guess not 
i look and feel like a nerd in my broken rayban sunglasses... buhu  http://twitgoo.com/tif7
okay team...now clocking calories during lunch? that's the kinda motivation I need. but god. 
@maggiedo that is horrible.  ive been checking mine evver since i saw your twit.  i hope you sort it out 
Its pretty boring around here now 
Ive never cried so much over a movie  i love lifetime everyone turn it to for the love of a child on lifetime!!!
sowwy :/ its all done, all i want to do is send it for you, please dont hate me  xxxxx
@Ceruleagos  I'm sorry to hear you're having to deal with that kind of bullshit.
@MyInnerJuCJuice lol..he's good, gettin big! He's 4 1/2 months...and no, no hot dates...nobody loves me 
needs to watch a film to distract her mind from thinking, because otherwise she's going to go insane. 
@ethpri town and err thang I ate was garbage, &amp; to make matters worse it wasn't even tasty garbage so I didn't enjoy the calories 
is wondering how these competetitions work, I dont want to over spam my timeline anymore #trackle #squarespace 
scared about 2012  if the world ends, there's a lot of things that i would like to do before. first: eat candy bars until explode.
@mattclassic hey what happened to the website with all the carpet patrol music on it?  the link i have isnt working anymore 
@supersweet76 everything keeps bouncing back on msn  figures, just my luck right?
Omfg!! The trends pg on tweetie is not working for me and hasn't all wknd. Any one else have this problem? I've restarted my phone a ton 
@TheRealVee I find that its pretty speedy if you restore to the latest one... anything prior to that, it takes bloody forever 
@jamesapyrich  Sounds like a wise decision then.
Not doing well tonight, saw something on tv, triggered a flashback from my past abuse.  *crying*
This is lame but I don't understand the way the book explained the logic for the answer in a matching game. someone pls help? #lsat 
shit, I was about to order mexican in, but the place I'm calling doesn't pick up the phone 
@sdhess Nothing sucks more than the decrease of childhood festivities 
@FrannLeach yeah i'm doing a elimination diet.. just recently thinking something is wrong either wheat intolerance but maybe soy as well 
@Davidismyangel aww im so sorry, about whoever's funeral your going to 
someone has died from swine flu(or h1n1 virus) today  let's pray that that this is only a passing thing that will soon pass away...
I said it before, and I'll say it again: the expensiveness of plane tickets + lack of job = death to my sense of spontaneity. 
trying, trying, trying to fix a tech issue.  Is not working! dang it 
my heartbeat is the exact same as the tempo of the song i'm listening to. that's pretty exciting. whoops now it's off 
@rhudson yeah rob, beyond terrible, sad and i wish i was there  nothing worse than feeling useless.
@allarna I didnt change those tough  I just changed the header image.. weird
@brian_hickey unfortunately i have no choice in the matter. I have no urge to watch it. But  not my turn to pick the movie 
its whatever... guess its time to just move on... why try?! 
@vainsmith don't worry im going to check the music no doubt...I need to hurry up and make my studio 
danah deleted all my shit. my senior year no longer exists in electronic form 
@melindameisner no kidding. They still feel like they're on fire. 
3 days to relax well not really...let's see what happens so far I have to get 1 of my freakin wisdom teeth pulled ugh  this is bs lol...
@Wolfieten hmmmmm. I don't know anything cool 
grrrrrrrrr y is the internet sooooooooooo darn slow 
well the fun lasted a lil bit...now my fevers back &amp; i feel like shit &amp; this no voice thing isnt as entertaining. someone make me tea 
@wymesei experiencing some kind of delay here too. 
@Teelicious89 no man... i really hate working  no joke lol...it's okay it's just when a place gets busy and they try and keep u longer! 
@o_alvarez missed you at pride  had a blast tho!!!!! Anything crazy/fun happen?
@gummibalu aw.  what kind of specialty is he doing?
The changed my whole gym around, I usually welcome change, but this one bothers me, my whole routine has been screwed up.   
just saw sunshine cleaning. good movie. happy. sad. someone please fix my track pad button thing its going crazy 
Taking a nap isn't as easy as it looks. There's a lot of tossing and turning that takes place before the blissful imagining part. 
@loudcris well your not my roomate anymore 
my tit hurts, I feel like someone punched me in my fun bag! haa 
If anyone hears of upcoming eating contest let me know (will travel) ...all I found was a burrito eating contest that just &quot;passed&quot; 
Beginning to think upstairs neighbor hates me. Never heard someone drop stuff &amp; move so much furniture all the time. 
@flightime tis a possibility. i'd have to write down everything i wanted to tell you about. i hate odd pauses. here's another sad face--&gt; 
upset that her relationship with the guy she thought she loved is now over... sums up how i feel right now. 
guess i need to wash dishes. 
its funny how no matter how happy i am my mom always just brings me down with one word.      its like she doesnt want me to be happy.
guess this is not the day to upload anything to facebook, keep getting error. 
@KISSMEBITCHES i cant pull an all nighter anymore.. if i do i better not be drunk it sucks coming in to work at 6 
Watching bolt by myself 
@jamesofctpmag Lol  awww u think I'm a freak... I'm so sad rite now
@purelynarcotic of course there is remorse! But since there is no point in buying a sub right now i choose to invest in good headphones 
@madisonlee13 promiswe you'll never leave? because every one important me always leaves and i don't want to deal with it anymore. 
@Chiggady how did one find this out? On another slant given the diff in size (in most cases I hope) it's WAYYYY more impressive. Jealous. 
@mimeticr my forearms are fucked up in some strange way... i cant do shoulder shrugs and things of that sort... 
@Ausadian98 yeah, if you have that kind of money you'd want to do everything you can to save it. wreckedexotics.com  gives me the chills 
the thought of it makes me cringe.... 
@JustineJones | that sucks!  I got hives twice in my whole life and I have no idea what caused it either time. i can give you some advice.
my mind is wandering like crazy.  and i dont like it 
@GregBoser I love such ideas, but worry about the interpretation by over zealous anti cloaking type googlers 
Not quiet or empty anymore.  
@DEUCE83 ur always gone, we still haven't linked either deuce. I'm starting to think u don't love me anymore 
#haveyouever seen somebody waving or talkin in your direction so you started waving or talking back only to realize it wasnt for u ? 
The captain of the guard says we can't go out after dark anymore. 
@rltoney thyroid  I passed out in the middle of the procedure... you know I just gotta make everything worse lol.
i'm back on that damn emotional rollercoaster, i really don't like feeling feelings. i just want to be numb again  *sigh*
@Bluenscottish I've been good, seem to be busy lately though 
who's up wit me...can't sleep 
@RichOffCouture look @ u, taking the easy way out :giggle: my nails don't evennnn respond to that anymore LOL 
is feelin the crash of a lifetime. damn! 
@WomenVote_2010 I am asking for more info. Seems the politics is involved.  #Pisay
i'd love to come see you, but you're halfway across the world, so that's kinda hard 
@nickbrickett Ah cool, turnns out I might be too skint to get one  at the moment anyway! 
@flowdab @themelleh Once my energy and stats are back up I promise some heavy hitting, but right now I am good for nothing  *pokes stats*
feels so left out  cause everybody got a 'swine flu' email and i didn't :'(
@wyndwitch mine has got the killing down unfortunatley  this is totally why I refuse point blank 2 get a cat flap!
the diet is not going well  i need to loose a stone maybe 2. i cant stop eating and have no motivation for exercise &lt; and i cant spell
@csingh023 You freak....guess I'll go torture myself. 
@sprintcare @sprint needs to compensate me for making my kid cry when she couldn't have her promotion gift due to @sprint's error.  
@nogbad yes it is but pracs are highly prescribed, following strict protocol with no understanding or creativity 
I am very very late.most unlike me 
@Froosh very active! Unforunately this evening giving me done allergies!  currently tweeting with eyemask on! http://twitpic.com/7jb40
I feel scared sometimes... Don't know why.     wonder what the hell is goin' on.
@RoisinMcK i just dont think he has any confidence what so ever. i think he would have a problem doin almost anything, my work is cut out 
@StevenHales i ate one of the sandwhichs then i looked at the date and made a strange high pitched humm noise 
I congratulated M&amp;D for making appt's for annual physicals, now they're making one for me...seems fate is not without a sense of irony 
@robromoni I've already repost this sad news! I'm bit afraid of copy-cats, bring them new ideas to spoil other gay prides in the world! 
@slidestudios thaaank you so much, you're much toooo kind !! *hugz* the story was pretty naive/crappy...I'm not a writer... 
@OwenGerrard I'm not sure what I want to do for a career anymore. 
@itvprimeval My kids cant believe there isnt going to be another series. How can you just leave danny wobbling about on his own???? 
@ashleymajher... I not lol where is you?? I don't like waking up with u not next me 
well #yeg, in my excitement about using my new u.brella... I forgot the frakking thing at home. I am uber smart today. 
think I need to go to the doctor 
Interesting idea, but lots of very bad security consequenses :s http://unite.opera.com/  
Is sick again, has a huge blister on my foot and my phone keeps deleting everything  sad.
@threehares Both! To be fair, I haven't heard every note of the score, maybe they fit it in somewhere. But all signs point to no theme 
have to learn latin ): i hate this F**k !!!! i was so stupid when i ch0se it  but music always helps me while i'm learning (:
@eirashinoda yeahlor, our wishful thinking *sigh* 
@arjanwrites only in the literal sense  ...out of curiosity, what's top of your most played list on itunes?
I somehow regret having a bigger desk now. I have loads of crap on it 
think i sprained me wrist 
I dont wna feel this anymore. 
it's all right, ok, i'ts so much better witout you ! 
sore tummy. think it might be food poising 
Belly is full, still need to get all my veggies in me...that's always a challenge.  Veggies are not as yummy as candy! 
@hnrxmcrlover But your always working 
What the hell is happening to him ? I don't think I can do this anymore 
I'm a big ball of self-pity 
@samanthadiguer Its kind of boring lol because its so hot in this portable 
zicam cold remedy was my favorite  i guess now it takes away how i can smell? www.emerico.com poop...
I am not happy anymore 
why, why is this happening? 
today sucks. I hit my head on a huge desk while I was brushing the dogs. plus other miserable female things. and overall feeling shitty. 
#iremember when @MrNewMe was nice 2 me 
@BriBri123 im alright, bored at my aunts house too  Bout to go get something to eat in a min
@mumbleguy that's bunk   dealing with puke especially warm is not my thing at all...hope the pup feels better
I know... They never will reply me... It makes me so sad @Dannymcfly @dougiemcfly @tommcfly @mcflyharry @mcflymusic  anyway... I love them
@grinch87 yeah, but I can't. My internship at the  zoo and work prevent me from doing that 
@lorismiles3 I will second that thought 
@getfigaz gimmie a min, extreamly busy @  the moment. so much that I haven't made anything new in a while 
somehow i lost my smile 
@theDeanoRama hey no fair!! you take all the fun out of knowing things 
Oh i wish i had an ipod so i could go run...feel like pounding out a good 2miles 
think I should've listened to the women at the blood center when she told me to take a snack before I left...feelin hella weak/tired now 
@fajc05  nothing laying on the couch.... me no feel good. 
@eMeiNesS well i hope i dont put a mental note in your mind an ruin shrimp for you now lol...ill feel bad 
-i'm not the prayin type, but i'm down on my knees... *          
crazy how these people call in with a attitude over dumb stuff.  wish i could hang up 
@mileycyrus i can't believe yu did stuff with mitchel musso. miley ive lost respect for you 
never uses this anymore  It makes me sad. So i shall begin using it again 
getting ready 2 take my dog 2 the vet!  I hope 4 the best!! after that i am SUPPOSED 2 have softball practice  kinda dont want 2 have it
@dainzers LOL you really don't sound happy anymore 
is going to work.......  why do we have to do this anyhow?
kind of pissed my recording didn't work when gabe sang knock you down 
@leenuhvfc ughh..shame  It's like bootcamp or something??I've really hated the pain afterwards..it was baaaadd
@AniSM bragger!!! I am 'almost' done I just hit a wall over inter-professional working - literature wise 
@nevadatanrockt I'm so sorry  But I was kinda hungry and i got nothing else to eat lol
@nevadatanrockt I'm so sorry  But I was kinda hungry and I got nothing else to eat lol
Moving soon means not buying any new food, therefore meaning I have to eat the crap in the back of the pantry 
@mrmajestyk do I fail for having no clue what that is/means? 
My eyes itch like crazy today.. I think i rubbed up on somebody that has cats!  ick.
god. i just cant believe someone would do tht 2 me. after all those chances, 2 turn around nd do the one thing....   
 I had a bad thought
i hate it wen i miss all the action :/ dam man this stuff is good  XD every1s gone 
how in the hell did u find that out 
ugh i got this nasty lil headache...dont feel good. someone take care of me 
@JerryShaw  i think your immune system is on strike lately! seems like youre non-stop suffering  feel better prease! :]
hmmm well i figured out tweet deck but still cant find anybody i know!! 
 someone hacked my blog for class... and i got in trouble for it... that sucks. a lot
vending machines suck...took my damn dollar 
@taylorswift13 we cnt vote anymore 
damn stinkin' headache....    my mind is too hyped up...needs 2 relax...geesh.
@LoveAlexandria LOL!!!! And what does smh mean? I'm confused 
saying NO OFFENSE after something does not mean the person wont take offense.  booo 
@CrusaderRankin i would but alas, i do not possess a rifle of any kind  they gone now though!
Now learning the swag &amp; surf....whatever that is!  
Now I can't wait until I can do 3 without walking! :\ Not too sure if that'll happen though 
@bdothill  girl i'm fighting the urge to go back out there, glad u got some deals...missing someone huh 
@zeyingying haha i m not sure either.. sentimental period gua.. missing everyone here!!! 
@evelinav Me too! I just told @BrennaFender about the craziness w/ my ears &amp; look what happens, lol. I end up with an ear ache, no fun 
@daisyvega its not the same anymore 
@ melmilletics that sounds just awful, sorry about that, it is never fun coming home to that kind of unexpected!!  
i don't want to be sick anymore... 
Dosent know what to do, and she wont txt me back 
is this some sort of warning?  'cause i couldn't live without it...
A certain person's certain actions continue to plague my mind &amp; hover in the background of my moods, making everything vaguely uneasy. 
@KateEDid14 and you didn't get me one.  I'm done wit you.  I woulda paid for it.
u know it sucks wen u feel like u have someone there u can speak 2 wen u feeln down.but wen reality hits dey really arent 
@StardustPhoenix The aspensive kind 
what channel is the jonas brothers going to be on tonight anyone have any idea cause I kind of forgot it sucks 
@jenjo636 shit i'm drawing a blank! bugger off, turkey! no don't do that 
Its not so much the example of others we imitate as the reflection of ourselves in their eyes &amp; the echo of ourselves in their words... 
i am still slightly upset that i wasn't invited thought. 
I am freezing today. Nothing I do helps me. It's a chill right down to my bones. I feel like a character in one of my stories. 
i hate it how no matter how much you try to get over someone, they're always in the back of your mind. making you daydream. 
a wise man learns by the mistakes of others, a fool by his own -'LATIN PROVERB&quot; 
@EshSoMajor aka never, not your type, leave you alone..i understand 
almost done scrapbook.. kind of. getting sleepy though 
@antidoteenemy oh, love. i know exactly how you feel.  i apologize for all your hurt. anything i can do?
no matter what I do I often times find myself still missin him 
@RawrNickAsauras  gosh i feel so out of the loop 
Eating cookies.. lol.. what kind of life am I living.. aaahhh.. 
@sweet_kiwi57 u just click on the episode u want and supposedly watch it right?? bc nothing's happening 
hmmm anyone know where i can get a rainbow/pride coloured studded belt? my studded one is just about dead 
i'm so not used to having a bed frame... i just kicked the shit out of it. 
@PonteStudios See, that's the problem! I am a very loving guy, both online and offline. But darn, I think my publicness works against me 
too bad the ambien is in the car...could sure use something 2 turn my mind off 2night.ugh.lib won't even cuddle yet  well gnight friends
@casassity I've had em too.... hope yours stop....  inactivity and the stress and everything because of it may be the cause...
I didnt get any numbers for the mega million....thats why i dont like lottery...i never win anything 
What a random/weird/sad day!!... what the hell is happening between  those guys? That isn't a true friendship.   
job hunting this economy crazyness is bs in a crazy way 
feel like sum1 ripped a hole in my chest..icant do this anymore.icant pretend that im ok w/o u around.idont even know if i'll see u again 
I was inches from squishing a kitty. I wouldn't have been able to live with myself with that kind of guilt! I nearly wrecked though! 
my brother know lots of thing : play chess, skate, taewondo, now play golf and swim,about me...nothing except swim  feel bad 4 myself
what is wrong with me?! I can't fall asleep anymore!! 
can't sleep  text me?
@leila_licious me soweee  I miss you &lt;33
isn't feeling so good anymore 
@jellayz yeah  well its okay but since i'm already doing my hobby as a job, i feel like in my actual hobby time i should do other hobbies
@Annanomaly LOL! I'm in the same situation. Only I'm giving the &quot;I just want to be f-buddies&quot; talk. And end up taking them to diner 
I havnt seen any slices of my kind of heaven anywhere recently 
@endless_murmur I tried to do something, but then I found out that the machine was in use 
I'm really not liking that I've developed a fear of going to bed because I've been hearing &quot;things&quot; at night. I feel like i'm going crazy 
@dvroegop new = knew... my keyboard starts acting up 
@LukalvsEmwet some random house! *look* Its still dling  bawl its taking forever
@mass_media a know and a had a nice wee tan coming on 
@garethmilton not working  I t seems to have unzipped the ipsw file. shame.
Ihave the worst results ever! 
think im going to complain you cant make a smiley dog face on these things! discrimination to all dog kind! 
@19fischi75 me so tired - think my brain is frozen 
@komplettie  what kind of a boss do you have at all!!
@Martian68 dont think the clouds will burn away here  n its not warm either
@beingmyself yeah he does  i hope @zuluzombie finds somebody cool to chill with
*cries* i dont want to do this anymore 
something vital has snapped off the bottom of my .mp3 player, making it impossible to charge / connect to the computer. bollocks 
I think Hoosiers take some sort of dumb pride in pronouncing names of streets and towns differently than everywhere else in the world... 
I feel like a giant because none of the cool kids clothes fit me 
i do try with you but i guess you just dont like me as much anymore 
@ameliuskate i havent been sleeping properly at all,   I know - dont see how the heck anyone considers their noise music :|
@haraldulriksen that would be cool. They're not ours though 
hello twitlets i'm feeling pants today  anyone know any good remedies to make u feel better when u have an upset stomach? 
ok this is bad.. its a crazy throbbing headache on the left side of my head behind my ear.. its like nothing ive gotten before! 
Still searching for someone stateside who can send me some tea  will send stuff in return if you can help me...
jack is doing way worse  I didn't think we'd be thinking &quot;options&quot; so soon when he went in for his ear infection and nothing more.
@stepharniiee That's the one!  I said something dumb today but forget what it was now 
ah gosh. i already miss @luminato.  soooo sad.....can i be part of the excitement in 2010?
Working on next ep + remixes- Trying to push my djing, anyone help? I used to dj more than produce, other way around now 
i am going insane at work. just loggin in to take call cause of a sys issue. &amp; no one thinks i know anything re:iPhones (or anything) 
sigh....everything I own seems 2 be falling apart n I've no money to replace it. Sucks being poor... 
On the way to the damn zoo yuck i wish hubby @Hyperkind_zero was going with me. Never fun without him. 
@stewartKimeera I hate karaoke.  That's definitely not my kind of music.
We can't develop off the reservation anymore. 
@chadmcclarnon sure that makes sense. Then again, I probably did that since it knows who I am... Also it's crashed twice after a restart 
@shawnaren - did @radioamy use my joke with another punchline? when? the audio is down on the livestream and I can't hear anything!! 
i could really be doing with my bed feel awful, work is dragging in too which isn't helpin in the slightest  boohoo! i'm in a moany mood
trying to find the energy (after having a head cold) to do my essay for uni  think i may buy some lucozade =]
think channel 7 r bein stupid making us wait for no fukn reason again!! looked like a repeat!! 
@Clumsyxheart  ugh, i'm so sorry! does she blame you for not making an effort to do stuff!?  shesh! im so sorry.
hello world... i just can't think about anything other than buying LVATT   it's so far away... 3 more days &lt;3
@ksavai uh...well...I don't know how to connect with someone else via intranet. In any case, I'm terrified of all these high-funda things 
so my date with my 'sexy-beast' tomorrow is off.feels kinda..sad.and this is not right. 
@portia4yourinfo no, remember?  I txted you josh beat me 
@saulandromans I'd say hospital  I  hope you're okay,have you got a rash or anything? a fever?
ugh my moms mad at meeeee. i didn't do anything..i just woke up 
oh my goodness gracious me, i cannot keep track of all the things that i signed up to for school!  help.... anybody....
I dont think going back to sleep is an option anymore. 
Sure wish i had time to go see my little man...he would make everything better 
I'm craving some sort of iced coffee with chocolate sort of thing. Why am I saving money?  This blows.
My luck keeps getting better and better... I cracked my tooth so deep I need a root canal...fun  not 
that's it.. I'm done with middle school and jtl, thank god. but eh there will be some things that I will miss 
caught some bitch stealing a 15 dollar underwater camera and couldnt do anything 
@rightgrrl75 I don't know how it happened but somehow I was no longer following you 
I shake the very thought you and me together. 
have you ever..... fell out of a extension stunt during cheerleading tryoutsand break you wrist? tht is so painful stuff 
@scott_mills I am listening on line and you just went all weird lol..sound wise..and have gone altogether now 
i don't feel so good anymore 
not liking the twitterfox  NOTHING can interfere with my browsing experience!!!
@hinshelm if everybody followed that rule, we wouldn't have any logging frameworks 
@hadaxoxo when i eat less. i dont lose weight.. only when i exercise.  and i wouldn't even be caught dead doing that.
@my_sweet_tweets sorry i got off aim, someone was bothering me. that sucks  will you be okay hang tonight?
feel in love with these shoes but being unemployed means no extras right now  http://twitpic.com/7mt6w
@TheRealLouLou stitches? p.s. i haven't seen you around in awhile. 
@lilpimps_sancha yeah crazy kid from the library found me on here...boo 
Just ate and it didn't make me feel better.. ugh... poor me 
@TeamCyrus maybe because of nick. i dunno  miley's not following @taylorswift13 anymore either
been told to take it easy and rest since i appear to have done some proper damage to myself up that mountain  ouch
Awww we might not go swimming. It looks like its going 2 storm  its getting darker and darker grrr
wow...still waiting to hear back from xbox live support. guess email wasn't the way to go...  
Yay onsite meetings... I can't hear anything its too noisy 
stupid anti-fevers are balls.  they make me feel all awful and make me want to cool off, but nothing feels cold enough 
vista fail: boots up, login ok, but doesn't show anything besides a blue screen 
@lolthena  well srry..gosh i. jus lonely..i dnt have anybody to tlk to  srry ill go away no...
@KayleighDouglas whatever has one done to deserve all this abuse???  lol
i'm done with him but its only a matter of time till i've got to say goodbye to the ones i love. everyone. i'm goina miss you guys. &lt;/3 
@hattiehattie What's the trick? I'm bored to getting the error message, and feel all left out 
Is so frustrated  I don't want to feel shitty anymore..
Just on my way to rehearsal from charity quiz - bloody good so far, just a shame I had to leave 
@theresa_h so far, so good, though I'm not noticing any real performance difference sadly 
@macintyremckay it wouldnt update 4 me 
whoever wins that bowling tournament thing with the bands better take videos! so not fair that it is in airizona! 
@wizbit_wooly well then @ThePaulDaniels is wrecking all that was good about my childhood and he needs to sort it out 
@jbdance7 soo look the exact ones up again lol. Thats what i did for american idol. They came up again. But my mom didnt let me get em 
restless.  I actually miss doing reactions 
@kidoflosangeles sucks  we didnt get in trouble or anything but they only index like 10% of what we post
faaaaail. i now have 1 hour to get this done. focusfocusfocus, but it will more likely take hocus pocus to get me to work 
Pple r mean 
well coach didnt say anything so we still dont know if kayla made varsity 
I don't think there's much worse than knowing one of your babies is sick and not being able to help her feel better. 
I noticed that tiredness creeps into my back first. I noticed I can only tell when it's too late to do anything but sleep  How about you?
Feeling really jaded cause no-one ever watches my live shows  lol nevermind my vlogs are way better anyway.
Feeling like crap i dont like it at all  i dont want to feel like this anymore help the dizzy stop
@mhartshorn sounds like alot on your plate.   if i ever want to sell or promote anything you are totally my guy.  hopefully you wont
@lashlady i just know i have to know it  its kind of fml'in my future right now. lets just go into business. get rich and live in malibu
why doesn't james text me back? 
@majornelson We have some kind of issue everytime live goes off for 24 hours, we should be used to it by now 
@JimHendrie67 now that's rank nothing like that happened at me lol well the guys infront of me kept blowing their joint smoke at me 
@haleyxfax   ill stay in the non listening club by myself then
@Markhoppus  dude... its worse with a seven year old and a five yr old who think jack in the ass toys rule the damned world! 
 im sure i'll do something in the next day or two that will set them off and even though theyve done worse, i'll be the bad guy. 
not feeling well need lotz of prayer depressed about something only god can understand but freaks me out at same time  just dont get it
@superbadgirl That sucks   The best thing I can think of is...um, take the batteries out and be on alert for fire.
Wants to go see hangover but has nobody to watch it with 
thinks her basement stinks like wet grossness still 
Feeling insecure about my clothes, of all things, after reading conformist fashion blog. 
@sleepypasture that looks awesome, I will def spread the news...i wish i had a cool bike   i wanted one but hubs made me get a dorky one
sick. thanks alot, guy who made me cry... please tell me your reasons 
@benballer and I just ate it  I can't leave them alone, they're callin me!
@NicoleJensen I don't think you can be in the 10k team if your doing the 5k  I'll mark as attending anyway in case there's beer ;)
ok, taking a pause for the cause to do some homework since no one wanted to help 
@idiot_girl sorry to hear that.  i've had lots of tests for my extreme fatigue (for about 2yrs now) and my doc has no idea what is wrong.
It would be nice to get to bed before 11:00 when I got get up at 4:30, lucky me! 
@kezhound I'm sort of the opposite.  I really miss Obsidian.  
i miss watching ace of cakes..its never on anymore.. 
i can't believe that kid ditched me at the dance!  i got tricker!
@iamwhatever fine print i guess.. surcharges and taxes and shit.. the plan itself is only 110 so i dont fuckin understand 
@yblig aw lmao.  i miss you. i have so much to tell you kinda but not reallyy. i miss our hallway meetings. my daily routine lacks now.
Struggling through a load of paperwork - think I'm coming down with the flu 
@trniii my dad is a fish too! ugggh! i think i know enough not to drown, but i would like to be more efficient, better all around 
@nawong i was waiting for that app too  is there anything you can do about the icon? or are they fully in control of it?
i have such a complication...thought i got over it but it just hit me again 
desperately rethinking how im getting to cleveland and with who.  weird day at work. weird weird weird.
@jackayma @pdeeezy  why do you guys hate me.
I think @PhineasDeRomanus is no longer following me... snap! I'm sorry for whatever it is I have done to make you unfollow! 
@xoxmillyxox aww unlucky  i'll prob just say something really embaressing &amp; make a total fool of myself xD x
So work is over... nothing particularly interesting happened today.  Aw   But that's okay, 'cos no one reads this shit anyway.
messy,messy, messy...dats wat my table looks like 
@peonyyu what??? you are paying for the all the trouble??? geez.. something what i do over here with my exams... i feel ya...  pity us
wonders what the hell have i done, not to deserve a single smile from you. 
I didn't even do anything to you and you fucking avoid me?? You fucking ruined my night thanks 
we can't figure out what kind of puppy to get  #fb
missing the old me 
Ijust realized while  rummaging thru the fridge for food that all i've eaten today is: a donut, an ice cream cone and a bag of gardetto's 
@misscaitlin96 we never see each other anymore 
@MsBKB that may be why he wont follow me back  lol
i dont have anything to do...  bored as hell. and can't get a hold of jasmine.
hate feeling like this , am snapping at the kids and they havent really done anything wrong! 
awee; party's over, frannies asleep, ugly storm, and sadee bored outta her mind! talk to me, or text. 515-339-2964. please! 
Really tired of feeling so crappy, i want to feel normal again 
@kiss_of_depth lol it mite add sum flavor good damn dem things have a nasty aftertaste ugh! 
can't do anything cool at work because other people accessing the same ads have no idea how to use the damn program 
i guess i'll head to bed, kind early, but waiting is exhausting. 
@zacislost yeah I backed up. But it seems to &quot;restore&quot; nothing to my phone every single time I try restoring the backup... 
@AmyDyde no drinkies for me  I'm so broke it's beyond not being funny anymore but i'm still going out
@alexWTrugs i actually don't really know that song other than how everyone breaks into immature giggles at the beginning melody. 
its getting to the point where im dying to get out the house, go to school and get this metabolism thing to fuck off  x
Another downpour...god its gotten dark 
i HATE being sick i cant fuckin do anything so outta energy and the worst part stupid doctor said i cant play netball for couple of days 
I wish for a kind soul to return 
People are always good talking behind your back!!! *sad* 
@tru_thoughts thanks for the d/load big-ups - unfortunately both links have been &quot;deleted due to violation of terms&quot;, which is a bit nuts 
@etmuse My flat doesn't have room for all my stuff, by any stretch of the imagination, but I'm not allowed to leave anything here 
just woke up n whew!! it's already dark outside?!? n all of sudden my tummy's hurt.. need food already?? 
@abisoyeogunnusi I knw sweetie n I'm sure u can help pull me back...I'm fighting it but its reeling me in....and fast. 
what am i telling... I'm in love with somebody i dont really know... havent ever talked to... this is sad and kind of childish 
@AdamAxon funny, we won ours but I feel like I got beat 
Bout to go to work. I have no clue when ill get done. 
cat seem to change my dp 
@churnal33 feel betta  the jerk currently operating a jackhammer inside my head needs to leave &amp; everything can stop spinning asap, please
@deepbluesealove know whatcha mean with the reflex..I got it myself 
@eimsdublin nope..not fixed  perhaps I need to send @fintanr a screen shot...and some sort of bribery material!?
@rubyybabyy but but...i'm missing the footy show  d/w i get the obsession XD write u a story? lolz, i'm the one with a headache here  -__-
footy show is soo boring nowadays but there's nothing else to watch 
@HeyPooks no stomach stuff thank goodness!  just a cold! my throat is sandpaper!!    the worst was my hubby taunting me on his way out!
i dinny want to go drawing by myself 
struggling with #tortoise on #vista....strange things happen with context menus on drag&amp;drop 
Someone bought me coffee, but it tastes like a bag of sugar.  atleast it's the thought that counts.
@cheahwen feel very sorry for your loss cheahwen   But stay strong, we know you're one helluva fighter! PC power 
@Stevehart fine thanks except i have done something nasty muscle wise in my leg and it hurts 
Finally made it to work after no power and cleaning up yet another doggie issue  anyhow I would have been scared too..
@lejjewellery its good to have a break. other wise the mojo goed 
some crazy shanice fan @Daviesgravey..@shaniceonline doesnt want me to cuss em out. she wants me to pray for them  lol
So today I have nothing else to do just to show my joystick to a friend... god. I need money 
feels inis because she helped aussie hobbit shop for a pasalubong for his gf  ... of all things boy bawang p... http://plurk.com/p/11xwab
Never gets to sleep enough anymore. 
Watching it storm...kind of scary looking out there. 
@lean_nasution iyahh..younger but not miss miss me 
need a very special kind of glue...... 
@GovPerry2010 I wish I could see you there  But I'm a dork who works all the time and can't do anything fun
@GovPerry2010 I wish I could see you there   But I'm a dork who works all the time and can't do anything fun
it's stil raining sideways. i want nothing less than to travel 60 blocks to my phys ther appt 
@the_assassin haha, dont worry i'll get one back somehow! 
@gulpanag what kind of a net connection do you have ? mine says 2 hrs remaining for the download 
my heart its broke .. one of the things most impoortants and specials in my fucking and stupid life.. now is nothing  he died.. maxi ilu
Oh no think i'm getting a cold! 
Trying out tweetdeck on 3.0, seems really nice compaired to some others feature wise, visualy, not so much 
@annie5050  i dont understand that mindset. taxes help maintain a healthy society for all, rich or poor. keep us posted, sending strength.
I don't understand why he tries so hard. I already see right through it. If I'm wrong, forgive me, but if I'm right....why? 
@dougiemcfly i miss you, i want see you now  please dougie, i love you more and more everyday :/
Still no word from my studio, looks like I have to be the heel, and cancel on a wonderful model again. 
soooooooo nostalgic. not good. neither is how freakin' fast a year has gone 
@xo_VANESSAAA haha hey you take that stuff more than i do cause your always sick. speaking of sick my throat is starting to hurt 
@riversideboy i know poor me 
hates forms, hate insurance companies, hates corporatespeak, hates himself. I am overqualified and underxeperienced for everything.  #fb
About to go shopping, yup getting a pretty early start. Anyone have any good suggestions? I hate being petite 
I let an old lady take my seat on the train coz i thought it was the right thing to do, now my feet hurt standing  Ouchie!
@waste_diverter yeah, no worries. i totally hear the message! i tend to be that way anyway.  not all ppl can do that however 
@fossilgirl oh such a bummer  good luck, they put a temporary filling over mine and I was good for a couple of months  x
feel crap.... just like lost somebody 
Another note to self - when moving workstation, make sure fiber optic cable is long enough - at the moment it's about 50cm to short 
@jarian_co yeah, i thought I had slept on it wrong, but now, I don't know.... i don't have full range of motion 
yaaawn - jet lag should be made illegal  thought I'd got it beat, but apparently not!
@Richardcwhite well he says he has, and bacause of his overwhelming awe of you he won't give it to us 
doesn't want to feel like this anymore 
@shep hit a bit of a snag here, one of mine's gone deaf  think it is inner ear inflamation, on cortison now, back go hosp. next week...
@sohodutch i know. i am getting there super early-me and my lap top....I will be phoneless though  kinda boring wait !!
god damn it!!!! just broke one of me nails now gah!! bloody things  come sharp as well lol *sobs cos me nails look odd lol *
&amp; I've also got a flea bite under my chin  and it itches more than anything in the entire world!
@princessbeebe09 lmao. girl that idea doesnt sound half bad. too bad hes all the way in ny 
everyone's graduating and goes to every other different places.. i'm kinda sad.. 
This new perfum doesn't smell to good anymore! 
everything reminds me of hilton head  from killer sunscreen/bugspray to humid weather the list goes on...
@joegsays somehow i can never connect to the wmbr live stream anymore 
feels sad and lonely as hell.  I need some smile making items.
It's not the bad spelling/punctuation I mind so much, just the idea that a guy ~10 yrs older than me has a maturity level ~10 yrs younger 
Why does my local shop never sell anything I want?  There goes my awesome fathers day idea 
Why does nobody smile on the vegas strip? Its the town of the frown 
@PBizzle It's kinda cool though, despite the fact that he dances like a stick insect 
@eddred5 you dont txt me. 
@owenblacker not even the good kind of wrong 
@Orchidflower ha ha! i was playing mafia and didnt know that each time i did something it sent a tweet and ive driven everyone a bit mad 
cannot take this anymore 
On second thoughts, I'm too poor for anymore gigs 
@tammielynne hey? what is going on I am keep being told bizarre things...has my tiny small male brain finally failed 
is feeling warm. and wants to nurture something..see it grow. oh dear alas, my poor pot plant will have to stay behind 
@scollonjoe that's kind of lame to say. i think you owe me an apology 
@CTaquechel17 LOL yeah but still. Not working at this moment and food at the house is scarce.. 
in spare by myself  jayden where are you? haha
@LouYoungNY It's such an awful thought, isn't it? 
@joehjolteon Awwww man :\ hope your ok...  you sure you dont want me to phone you? I'm tempted to :\ xx
is waiting for the effort.... maybe it's not coming 
I cant even cry anymore 
@hardylove158 he smiled at me in april and gave me the peace sign and i nearly passed out!!! but ive never spoken to him 
can anyone explain the insane amount of pressure on my eyes?? 
@heldincontempt we have a prof. sch. nearby that is highly recom. but owner keeps telling me I can't say anything/worry during lessons 
ha got a 15 min break.think coach got some major relationship issues. and i chickened out kakela i didnt call... what would i say??im sad 
would really like to start getting my voice back... open my mouth &amp; get nothing but squeaks 
@BarkAveHawaii  noooo I will turn 40 in 2010  I feel as mature as a 25 yr old maybe younger. Does that count?
downloading a bunch of music, nothing else t0 d0 in this dumb house..  
@BRITkneeB I thought I was the only 1 wit the @stephjonesmusic sampler  I feel so not as special anymore lol, well at least mine's signed
@yiiee jeez i'd be straight on the tram home...  think i have / came in contact with it too!   sure feel that way
@DiviNelySweet  it was wishful thinking lol but damn{deep sigh}
Apparently my laptop hates me today, and doesn't want me to get anything done. 
@MidWestGame excuses!! u could call an use your card lol i kno the system! jkkkk sighh guess ill starve 
1 vs 100 is actually sort of  underwhelming  
have a nice freedom. guess i'm not as free as before 
is mad. again. yes... ANOTHER friend problem. gosh. meghs...i wish u were here  u know all the right things to do  &lt;33
the sex is just not great anymore 
For some werid reason I feel like just crying, not the usual cry, I mean just crying soo much there isn't a single tear left. &amp; idk why 
umm okay.. so yes I am a shopaholic.. but now it's a real bummer.. I have a fabulous wardrobe and no one to impress in my clothes 
the sex is just not great anymore  (via @ErinandNakhia11)
@colorsblend Not really but I'm nervous anyway 
guess i should leave you behind, guess i should erase and pretend this never hapened 
@kevwilliamson  dang! should still be pretty damn awesome anyway!!
going to sleep soon - studied for algebra regents tomorrow, kind of nervous ; wish me luck 
@brodybond oooh yeah, good point. and THERE you might find an audience ;) i have 1 person ive been trying to get upgraded for 2 years 
thinks her feature article sound like nonsense...wish i could write better...  http://plurk.com/p/121a5i
Does saving a poor little baby hatchling scared gecko generate good karma for me? Too bad I don't even believe in the concept of karma. 
it probably was removed 4 sum reason but it was amazing literaly a flawless performance i cant find it anywhere  im sorta sad
wish i had a chance 2 get a face to face addition for &quot;the last song&quot;  just guess dat wasnt 4 me  maybe next time
i was creeped on tonightt maybe i shouldnt have gotten the pic of me as a background on btv  should i change it? lol
Nomming my lunch at the lake type thing xD nice view too  (I'm now a pano addict until molopix gets updated :p) http://twitpic.com/7rrs3
@NickHodge how was your holiday? think I need one myself soon am sick of big bad nasty corporations no matter what the name 
@jessrios shoot im still sort of doubting though 
doesn't want to be in this wedding anymore 
@OGVENOE its okay I already wrote your name on the suicide letter.  good bye venom LOL
back to reality..should've kip n mind stress/mind-boggler free world isn't for me  loud music on thanks to @rxtheride for a great playlist
@brandyway its the only kind i can afford 
@shalky funny story, though. i was listening to 104.9 and the song to guess was 1941i was excited, but i didn't call in in time 
@singleinatlanta didnt invite me  lol!
I feel like crap. I wish I knew someone understood my symptoms and fertility issues. Ughhhh. I'm in so much pain and I'm so sad 
@Showlar I'm definitely jolly about my smilies, haha. I got them somewhere ages ago but the site no longer exists. 
pretty sure my cat either a: had forgotten me or b: hates me. not sure which is worse and am morose. 
o and btw great clips changed their mind and found someone else  its cool i'll find a job
I hope i pass *crosses finger*. If not ill feel like an idiot 
I will be lookin out 4 more ways 2 try 2 enter 2 win a trip 2 the teen choice awards if anything comes up i'll let u know 1st sorry again 
@madmarch23 next cruise you bet! strange about the songs not being done anymore 
@AnnaAntell oh nooooo, poor you  hate idiot thieves who have to ruin everything... hope you sort it out x x
@Charliered23 my high is only like 5900   don't let me get serious on that jawn though, I'd be breakin all types of high scores. Lol....
@KateFry ive got special consideration for it cos of some stuff going on  so hopefully thatll help and i was on a distinction b4 the exam
U know how hard it is when u cant fall asleep because u feel like something is missing? I'm feeling that right now 
@peterfacinelli sounds like your giving up on the bet? sorry about the ticket and your phone. just hope some crazy fan doesn't find it 
DOES anyone know a way to inhance your breast size without surgery??? I have such tiny boobies  its starting to make me sad!!!!!! lol
maybe I should go hang myself, upside down and get some blood flowing through this brain of mine. Or just hang myself. hehe, not really 
I need my brother 2 come back from navigating the globe already cus i dont get this pythagorean theory and need him to explain 
@MrSummerStar crazy   that sucks, you should change your password!
i would love to get a macbook pro but they cost way too much money.. i would probably have to run windows on a dual boot anyway.. 
mad fcking happy!someone seems so grow alot fatter. *maybe i should get a brownberry 
Wonders why some ppl worry about whats on the outside? Whats inside's what matters! Especially when it's the one u love telling u this 
@shartlesville I hope you took some deep breaths-can't help w/out calling or being there-but perspective, remember dial up? much worse 
dear everybody, i feel empty inside  bestfriend please come back?
@ceruleanceladon yeah, finally it works! but my account still doesn't exist on search machine! aaargh! got stress ! 
wants him to take meds for his depression but apparently he's too &quot;badass&quot; guys and their ways..  i just don't want him to kil himself..
dammit. I was gonna say something cool for my 400 update, but tinychat autotweeted me 
@onebreath It's the exact same reaction I had when I saw the bit about it. LOL. it's so sad how everything with them is now a trainwreck. 
@cenrak is watching wall-e,,, so far so good, !!! (try blue, it's the new red) :S. the movie is kinda sad 
@ohhaycassiek  i remember when i got braces the worst part was those little hook things digging into my lips. use tons of wax!!
@cirlsdrives as well as ours 
@NicJenkins yeah but its getting a bit silly. I can't see anyone elses updates. 
So basically i have the worst luck in the world with guys. Ugh. There are plenty that like me but none are the right one  idk wat to do.
@endlessblush whoooosh........ think i'd love a wine 
am I missing something? everyone's changing their profile pics to a shade of green.  What's going on peeps? am feeling very left out 
oh god, credit card company, why won't you let me buy anything? 
is craving so many things right now! ..... someone get me a mini jaffa cake!!  ... please 
@joop @akinasuna I still have the necklace! hanging on my memo board! kind of shitty we can't meet this summer.. 
is very sad  no seriously..... i can't do this anymore
*matt301 had to sell the idea of coming down to the boss, its a no-go  still.. maybe i'll do.. sprints to i chuck?
i'm so tired  but the little love of my life is wide awake and asking me to rub his head/arm kuz it 'makes all stuff feel better, mommy'.
Judges were too stuck on their conventional mindset,we didnt get credit 4 our innovative style 
@Gazmaz yeah it should do, ive not seen the option come up on the settings screen yet 
@chelseanico thanks bb &lt;3 you're so right, they seriously are a pain in the ass  but I've got a bunch of tests coming up to fix everything
hmm, bought an app and now it's sitting not dl'ing or installing. reset didnt do anything either. 
suffers the consequence of missing breakfast, cannot think of anything but food 
@CosmicMother Any idea what the future holds for a broken hearted Scorpian?  I can't see anything but a big black hole in front of me 
still up...writing some more..trying to do justice to my sex scene....you would think that part would be a no brainer   bleh !
How can I be a @tweetoclock user if you don't tell me anything  At least I'm not big headed, I got 70.73% follow-back  #twigheaded.com
@fudgecrumpet I'm not embracing your gay anything, not after last time. You never did call me afterwards 
There's nothing that simple that some guy can  write obfuscated code to do it in order to show how damn smart he is.... 
All that said, I wish I were having as much fun today as y'all seem to be having! Unfortunately, wp2.8 = death horror and destruction. 
feels so fat like a hippo fat need to work out a lot and eat healthy! insult to injury here im loosing followers down to 39 was at 45... 
how desperately sad does that last tweet make me sound  student times = almost anything for money  booooooohooooo.
@grapesoda sure does suck 
@kol1986 sorry things are rough right now  some time off seems like a good idea
@anib  now I don't feel special anymore
server stuff is done!! I win.....nothing   On the flip side, I can haz this (better be) glorious sunrise...
:O i am disappointed that the never mind the buzzcocks episode im watching is an old episode  make some new ones simon amstell!! xox
i want to watch another scary movie.. grudge is so predictable  maybe vacancy or somehting bafd
@Steoph seriously, what is with the green icons?  no like.
i ate cookies for breakfast  luckily i take something that helps me stay skinny, want to know what it is? http://www.julie-got-skinny.com
last time I had this kind of tantrum was my grandfather died 2 years ago  my head hurts and my throught and my nose even my eyes hurt (
Off to bed. &gt; tired, broken, sleepy, stubborn and everything else i feel right at this moment. 
@COLLINTEW knowing the location is good! thats fun. i can't tell you where i drank, they didnt have cranberry juice  stupid stupid.
I wonder if it's okay for me to buy cologne for my own use. LOL. I like the smell. 
@qtab nah i never got any!...don't think they made the cut   (in fact, it was some a-holes blog on that site that totally ripped me apart)
I haven't got a new iPhone and everyone else is ripping theirs apart  http://bit.ly/swmUO
@tyff1004 aww man we can't talk all the shit we use 2 talk bout breezy anymore  (nothing but good things) @snkrholic
@drewmeyers Yes, in my reader! however I wish their pro memberships weren't so expensive  I like their stuff same can be said for hubspot
Seriously can't do this anymore 
wants adventure, fun and extreme excitement. Now. I easily get bored.  pfft.
@l0riell i had a nightmare we werent myspaceing each other anymore 
not in a good mood... maybe i should take a rest... forget everything happens today.... 
Financial plan stinks! I want to go see my dad but only have 14 dollars 
I should soooo be working on a project, but being in a new location kinda messes with my flow.... 
@nikanika1987 whats wrong honey? why u feel like that? i feel like shit too. my back hurts 
Oookkk..I have a baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad hangover..and I dont remember NONE of the things i wrote on here last night  sad times
http://bit.ly/5NMvY check this out.. girls last dyin wish to see movie.. 
throat infection - feels like i've swallowed a mad amount of razorblades.  OWIEE
playing roblox watching TV cant do anything cuz my foot broke 
@leahkateee i want one tooooo ...asif we never got to go to ours last year!! 
@erikaANGEL yea trust me..i was bawling my eyes out again this morning..its like shes holding a grudge against him or something! idky!! 
 whys there no britbrit official fan club anymore i need to join
@dianajo That's worse than waiting for the cable or phone guy! Like you don't have anything better to do today 
@ShuffleBite i know!!!! it doesnt want me on thereeee!!! 
@ShuffleBite  doesnt let me go on cam..doesnt let me sign on..think they r trying to tell me something
start watching drag me to hell...hope its scary...cause i already saw a lot of lame horror movies 
@mypaperwings should have been good, but didnt happen 
@rob_james I think you best unfollow me 
One step forward, two steps back. I'm re-doing stuff I spent yesterday un-doing. 
@robertbland  ooooh what a pity.. I am a bit behind with all the news.. staying with friends who prefer to watch other programs .. 
@xtoatsmagoatsx the boat is pure weird!  yeah my model does not move in such a way to allow the chair! 
@ColtSeaversPS set up a quick loop at http://sandvich.org/, shame about the pause when it loops again 
@myarger yeah everything is okay with me, just getting sad news about others 
@KimiBananas aw pity  Hopefully we can do the digital one anyway...if we ever find out anything about it!
 please is there anyone out there that can get me out of this nightmare  i cant take anymore of this i am at my last stand now 
@vuhnessuh It won't let me in  add me stickam.com/smilelovelexi
crazy work! someone ate or threw away my cheesecake. no one is fessing up to it. it was so good too 
i just don't want to be sick anymore 
wow !  So  get timed to be on the computer  What kind of shit is that !
@uber_bryan No market for fine-dining filipinos? I'm not too sure   I just found out about this myself!
would really love to know why there is never anything decent on the tv anymore 
man i hear this big ass plane flying over my apartment building everything is shaking tells what a crappy place i live in 
I'm here..still unconscious but can at least sense a touch...can't still recognize me 
craving sum pizza right now..and not jus any kind either 
@anaxjonas im thinking of getting one on my wrist but everyone is like when i apply for a teachin position it'll put me at a disadvantage 
will never find any1 who likes me for who I am!  and knew nothing was gonna happen so why get my fucking hopes up!!!?  fuck life!
I'm on steroids...  does anybody know the side effects?
@BuddyJesus I would seriously do a crazy color, except that I'd like to be employed at some point in the near future. 
@theRufian I hate that kind of situation!! 
knowing that i am not alone in my extreme dislike of my co-worker makes me feel a little bit better. it doesn't make her go away though. 
@veee what in the world are you up too?! did you break something? hope it doesn't mean we cant play left 4 dead anymore 
need a cuddle of some sort. Anything. Almost had a break down at work. 
@ClaudiaHW lol yeah. We can hire someone to take on calls of venting and frustration 
craigkeith@dhewlett hey , do u no yet of any news of a uk release of the dogs breakfast ????? everywer else seems to have it except here 
@patricknorton i would but i can;t think of a quesstion 
Scully has cancer between her sinacise and ceribrum  it's such a scary thought I hate it...
@lovelessandmore that sucks i wish i'd go to bed 2  i'm tired. however, was wondering if you'll keep the longer hair for the 4th season?
shopping makes me tired/hungry  someone better get food in my system quick before I get all hulk-like @mama_fabulous
I miss my snookiebear real badly 
Ive got a chill, shut up shop and i may get in trouble....i just dont want to get anyone else sick 
@jl_x3 abortion HAS to be an option. If u consider things like rape, abuse etc,abortion has to exist, abhorrent as it is to take a life 
@morganshea22 no haven't bought the 3D kind yet 
@tommcfly I am speechless and forgive me for the mistakes in english, I'm a brazilian fan 
@busybeeblogger oh no, i hope your doing better now 
@HauntedTravels Yes here too...  Although can't have the window's open and no a/c in yet, so kinda miserable 
my damn memory stick is not working.  can't upload pic. 
I wish I could run away form this hell I'm livin'..... 
I swear, if something bad can happen yo agadore, it will. I need to get him a crash test dummy suit for christs sake! 
@Tougelabs yeah they dont make titanium anything anymore.  i miss TiBooks (titanium powerbooks)
Haha he's too picky. So it's not fun. He has taken cooking classes so I don't want to cook for him.  This is kind of  a downer
#dontyouhate when funny jokes are over-used and then they're not funny anymore? 
kind of feeling guilty... 
 think postive
feel like hell...times like this i need my grey's dvds. they are currently in storage. this feels terrible 
i left my macys bag sitting by a rest seat in sears...i'm quite angry/sad right now...im praying that i luck up and an associate found it 
@vanessatx got a hold to my check card and charged all kind of shit to it. ugh...stoopid crooks! waiting for a new card now. 
grr...anything cold irritates my fillings and causes me pain 
feel like crap..nobody here to rub my head 
@Everydaydisney it was perfect 4 me 
@zaibatsu woah dude... didn't realize you guys had separated  Here's to hoping everything works out for you man.
is doing...NOTHING! it's real cool when mom says you can't do anything 
@peterfacinelli OK, so I'm all excited for staying up this late because w.coast twiterverse is still up and you're not saying anything 
wtf the horrors are on tour this whole year, and not coming to australia. that is the most depressing pile of crap i've heard. screw you 
@ladymix yeah me too.. the drinks. Not the dishes. And everything store wise will be closed when I get home. 
@swiftkaratechop do you not have a website anymore?  lol I just noticed I can't go there anymore 
isnt youtubing anymore 
This isnt just for the ''lolz'' anymore 
@djvimala Yes, I heard ur interview. U r so lucky always.But, less time and no calls with listeners 
kind of excited but trying not to be because it'll hurt when/if it ends 
listening to &quot;the fear&quot; after a long day -- pop corn an anime sound excellent, except i kinda sorta wish gaga was here 
@jayybabyy  fuck dude. i'm sorry. but we have the pleasure party tomoro! whatever that is . . . ha.
@jayybabyy182  fuck dude. i'm sorry. but we have the pleasure party tomoro! whatever that is . . . ha.
@shnkina It's so sad that I'm not close with them  But why did u ask? ^^ what made u think I'm close with them?
Just when I was having fun talking on my cell phone, the freakin' thing run out of juice! Arggg....later again I hope??? 
Just when I was having fun talking on my cell phone, the freakin' thing ran out of juice! Arggg.....later again, I hope??? 
Looks like i'm about to get visitors.....not the kind i want though 
@bet33 u cant do anything for me  its super fast and u are gonna have fun but fine its okay
i still love you and thats a fact but a million apologizes can never bring me back    crying for a guy who doesn't deserve my heart  
@brainstuck I did not get the joke somehow 
@perezhilton its pretty cool, but no one ever comes to visit 
@numberrss um I miss you. A lot. Everyone else abandoned me.  hope you're having amazing times with Rissaissaissaissaissa
Probably a daft thing to admit on here, but...........my knees hurt   *sits back and waits for all the rude jokes*
ouughh.. just 1 problem... my score is kinda low 
@EMILLYFACE  wha happen?
@sendita I understand I violated the rules, but no joke I tried so hard, stupid cops rode besides me but i guess it was still my fault. 
i hope ya know i was dead serious... i didnt mean for this to happen... i honestly had no idea.  hop everything is understood now.
just had a random thought about my foot goin numb in the club that time hahahaha... @jwilphotos got it on camera too 
has a LOT of her mind right now  
hates these damn cravings and feels guilty for taking a bite of the blackforest cake in front of her 
Is watching fight club and is kinda lonely 
anyway i'm supposed to be studying! guess staying at home really screws up my study plans 
@luxebrown I think it took over my whole avatari don't see my pic 
@dullyM well, i love veggies of all kinds but my weakness is cheese... i'll eat anything if there's cheese involved lol 
In the beginning it's perfect, but the longer you're together the harder it gets.. You just gotta believe that your love is strong enough 
My humans are being awesome to me but I still hurt like hell! I chewed my bandages off twice so I got this collar thing on my neck again 
@chrissiegtgm @squitorio dont worry guys! Lol. I feel you. Seems like everyone is out having fun 
@geehall1 - I so can't recognise you  - takes me ages to realise it is you - I want the old you back LOL - I know call me crazy!
i am all alone. i need someone... but i dont have the one i need.friendship is a big chaotic thing....n i love it.y ppl miss neone.! 
@KristinStewart omg u are like ssso good!!! are u a fake or not?!?!? can u asnwerrr because nobody does here 
@enrique305 why??? you wont tweet anymore? until 2010? 
@amandadiva thats probably right on time the way things are going it wont be BBq weather til after july 12th anyway 
the doctor said i shouldn't run intervals everyday but she doesnt understand, otherwise i will gain weight and get sad 
Thinking that 2 redbulls, 4 bawls, 2 cups of coffee.. Not a super great combination in the schemes of things. Ahhhhgggfgfrrrfdhfduy. 
@mancunianhay, cant believe your in dubai! i miss it  cant believe they sent your luggage to istanbull by mistake!
@_MsWhite gadget shopping is my fav kind of shopping, I'm jealous now 
not hot anymore 
@vivalavee easier said than done, i wish i could take it as a flattery/compliment whatever but i just can't do it 
Feels like his face is gonna fall off! This is why you need the right amount/kind of sleep, kids....otherwise you'll just crash and burn. 
take that looked so good  i probably would of been able to go. but my mum didnt think i would of wanted to. so never took the extra ticket
@JoeMerrin i really dont think he should have gone  mission kill whoever voted for him?
@dwjvaughan I should really get on that kind of shit but my financial position has been seriously crippled by sick pay reduction 
dunno what to doooooooo, need to do loads of things but im being lazy 
@deadline_guy I'd imagine a big scar, lack of partial fingerprint, but not much more.  It just wouldn't stop bleeding. 
@youngbinkoo my internet - soooooo slow.   haha there's music I want and can't get.  rr. frustration.  hearts and hugzzzzzzzzz
@Glasgeee unfortunity I'm in coursework hell again so I'm unable to attend pretty much anything that involves drinking so I can do cw 
@TraceCyrus everyone else has given me no response, n i'm in desperate need of approval before i fail the assignment  sorry to bother you.
Oh indeed you may be super cute but play fair...No sir you do not!!!! 
@ashleyrwatts how come it isn't working for me?   The street view guy doesn't do anything when I drag him
@Rohanelf Aaaaaah my god that's cool  I don't think there's anything like that near me. Bumcheeks.
@changroy is not in the mood of doin anything....  hate this feeling ! gah !!!
feels like utter crap today  i really need hugs and dvds and my faith restored.
All this talk about the soccer world cup is making me want to go just kick a damn ball, but there is no park near by 
@DebbieFletcher debbie how are you? please tell the guys something about israel 
@epsilon723 yes, it's a sad day, its like in the movies when something bad happens it rains..  the sky is crying lol
eep. nobody in this house likes the same music as i do - so it's impossible to listen to it a bit loudly. 
@ladyjacks work hard check, play hard check, I enjoy helping people  eat well er kind of, don't really drink, mmm  still no manor 
so much 4 sleeping in!  darn kid sleepovers been up since 7
biting your nails hurts everyone dont try it my fingers are red  i blame mother for making me bored!!!! nothing to do
~ why is it, that when your hair looks like shit, everything else looks and feels like shit too? I so need to get my roots done - badly 
@MissBrooklynn they didnt invite me to own a club either 
On my way to go see my grad school advisor and from there a lil spending at the mall lol  weather aint to nice 
All I know nobody is going is going to win this situation. I love my family &amp; hate to see this happen 
@ahlisten gurrrl I stopped watching too! It's not the same anymore  it used to be fun!
The weather sucks  let's do something fun in the rain!
@shirley30004 Pulling the infusion set in the insulin pump has got to be one of the most uncomfortable things!! 
@rabbithearts No seriously I'm starting to really think I'm some sort of beast 
@saaam_ haha cool, my camera could take 600 but i took some videos too so i got 90 something  hope u dont mind all the comments on bebo 
@gilbirmingham does this mean u aren't going 2 tweet anymore? 
Does anyone play armored core online anymore...i feel so lonely....    
I'm thoughtful today and a little bit sad, staying in front of the computer. I've made a choice at work that realize isn't good to me. 
@afroharold XD that is the problem isn't it? I won't have the excuse of being a moody teenager anymore 
is a bit concerned that @change_for_iran has not tweeted in a long while. hope the person is ok 
Thinking of a new #charityname is much harder than I thought.. new brand, new ideas, new logo .etc 
wow i feel like such a bum. nobody's online or answering their phone... gosh where is everyone.. gone leaving me out and stufff... ? 
 - my head feels like its going to explode - mmm, what a horrendous image... the mess!
intense dreams about a apocalypse or some sort of world disaster are never no fun  woke up in a sweat
I am so tired of this shit i swear i can't do this anymore if this is what is gonna happen everyone is pissing me off   -FFTL6661-
fuuuck me. this sucks. i dont feel like washing a shitload of dishes or do my hair or do anything 
all alone but not lonely, about to get movin' feel like a bum being that its nearly 1. have to do some cleaning   no fun
@rawkinmama which one were you talking about? The quote or do you have a cold too? 
Yes i'm posting a million things at once but for gosh sake, i can't see the new @cinemabizarre videos because i'm in the wrong country 
me and the boo r playing a game where he plays a sleepy zombie and blurts out wierd things at random he's winning 
@chipcoffey sorry to hear of the thunderstorms.  been having them on and off. it sort of bums you out when you want to do something fun.
@redboomkat LOL good idea. There probably won't even be any good looking guys there to look at 
@claudidadi idk how long. I don't have very many cute things left tho.  so sad watching dresses I've worn once sell for $3. Haha
i'm sad. i'm bored and nobody wants to text me back today. guess i can kiss the idea of movie night goodbye. 
Why does bread absolutely hate me sometimes? 
has diarrhea  now i can't play with the 9 incher anymore 
@madwilliamflint this leads to conclusion that they want the same thing... to stay in control whatever the cost 
@christopherbw yeah I'm doing pretty good I get to go home but I'm off for 6 weeks can't do anything 
so hot outside.  maybe too hot for a run 
red white and boom is currently a suck fest. hopefully things will get better!!!  rain go away!
i am soooo skint its no longer funny 
@gimmeapuck yeah me too  i love little kids, and nothing makes me more sad than tragic stories like that about them.
Things are getting worse and worse in iran... 
@marcpayan yeah, it's always better when you're not the only one...a sad state of our condition 
I fail at level 16 of crazy cube 
hello I'm @myahmarie and I don't call josh anymore 
feeling wicked sick  so what else can a gal do but curl up and watch a lifetime movie.
@satori yea I know they are still around... but its just not as precious as it used to be.  seems to be the norm with bands I used to love
*i dont feel goooood  tear tear
@absoluttitanium lucky bastard...brandy went to pick me up something... and she said there was nothing fr girls...  u on ur way home now?
How did the cavemen survive? I think that in that kind of situation i would have killed myself out of sheer boredom 
@rebekahthornton Yes, not everything available in ebook format yet  Hopefully more will come in future though - guess piracy is a concern
&quot; I wish my smile was your favorite kind of smile, I wish the way that I dress was your favorite kind of style&quot; 
You ever listen to the same song everyday, then 1 day for sum strange reason its just ya shit more than ever? (via @Boomshard) yes  sucks!
I can't see my @brigrl26 anymore.  It is stuck back from last week and doesn't refresh... so I don't see when anyone @brigrl26 at me 
As they left tonight they took the happiness inside of me....everything went tits up, now everything is wrong 
is confused and lost in thought.. 
Is having weird trust issues with everyone atm 
@mynamesnemo1 well, I suffer with my sinuses which causes migraines, and yeah stress and anger can bring them on  its never fun
@jamessocol our backchannel died in the middle of our last panel #sop09  anyway to restore it so we can save the html?
At this point....I'm hurting, and feel stupid for letting myself go 
@crit oh, that is a very sad situation indeed  nothing beats fresh beer.
 i dont like this anymore. i just wana sleep
@KYLESAYS that's kind of true 
@BlackburnJoshua didnt think she did that well on passions tbh 
@saraxkathleen ughh i know. my mind is just not working right now. 
@cinebo i when remember @Raingin tried to get that username for facebook, but it was taken  im glad something finally went her way haha
@ddlovato ah demi, hope your voice is okay  ! hows everything going 'part from that? ox.
@jarrodtht its are but I cant win anyway 
pissed I'm not doing anything tonight.  don't feel good after kelsey's. defff regret saying those things to you  and missses sister! &lt;/3
@Ambluc, cool thanks, having trouble  back replying to anyone, the little arrow is not working  
men are so stupid sometimes  they cant hold a decent conversation
trying to multi task but I'm over here getting ready to lose my freaking mind... ugh 
stupid musiqtone....i cant vote anymore 
@Lindacoggs i've been two years cant get anything sorted  no heat no light
@erikscoggins haha guess our technique isn't working 
@Hydrohs  No no no.  It's sort of like... you have multiple files open in word. You can close a file, program is still running.
Why the hell was I kicked out of @ohsnapitsalyssa 's room? I didn't do anything wrong 
... think I'm going to cry, I'm so exhausted and frustrated.  I want to go home 
kind of bummed. wanted to see him. oh well. 
the last straw.....more than anything....im hurt 
Hey a great recharge chilling with my folks but I am still melancholy .....dang i will never get over my pops being gone dang!  
@pankajmalani so my tweeting duznt count anymore?! 
@blkbabydoll29 just easier to type you.  but anyways, so tired. house a mess. its like he didnt wanna leave either.  i wanted to send --
um, so i'm still trying to pack. the computer keeps me busy and i can't get anything done. 
i didn't make it. she isn't online anymore. 
@efd494 alrighty....well I'm guessig you know where this is going....I'm sooo sorry I put you in this position,it was very wrong of me... 
@30SECONDSTOMARS Why don't you ever come in kyte anymore?  We miss you guys!!!!
watching videos from the reunion show...since...ya know...I remember nothing!    eeek!
@cenyara well most of its out but its still there....barely noticible but im going shopping anyway 
wtaf my caps lock button's light doesnt work anymore 
@oceanUP awww.. why?  don't judge her like that..
I Just realized The utter failure that this rewrite of my story has been  I have lost a lot of days on crap that I'm not even going to use
@thestefunny sadly, i am lol i never get to eat good anymore 
@clicknspark i wish!   im not rich anymore. U cum here!
@Adrianiferous I'm too lazy to sign into yours and sign out of mine.. 
Heading out with the boyfriend to the mac store soon  going to try really really hard not to buy anything!!!
dude, everyone sounds so effing happy and exited and so pumped after the show. it's so tragic cause we have to wait until december. no.. 
#BTS is not a trending topic anymore 
Wondering what sinuses are good for anyway..all they do is make me miserable 
the feeling's nutriol. isn't it? haha. but like, urggggggh. i bet you everyone australian jonas fan feels the exact same way! 
unpacked my husbands bag, just to do something nice 4 him n its funny what boys call clean, i just created a whole nutha load of washing 
just writing songs on my myspace updates ya'll know how i do....man i wana make it but often times i doubt my own talent 
officially scared out of my mind...sittin beside a cop, we don't kno wat 2 do  ahhh
 fuck. seriously, just fuck. not in the literal sense. i could be nothing but a memory to you..
@beautykween it didn't have an add me sign next to it 
@whawhing i keep on straing at my PC if i have nothing to do.. dats d reason y my eyes hurt.. i think i shouldnt stare too long.. 
guess i cant smoke the hookah anymore 
wordpress needs 2 stop playing with my emoticons. for real. none of them are popping up. 
I hurt... physically and emotionally.. wonder when I'll learn to stop being such a glutton for punishment... if ever?? 
@xsavedgex you know, it's quite irritating when one has to clarify a joke.  now I'm going to fill the rest of the chars I got here.......!
 the guy died in the end and it's a true story....it just seems so sad....but its foolish of me to wish everything to hav a happy ending
Just sat in the cold waitin for the dog to come back. I was afraid something had happened she was gone so long. 
hurt.. its always somethings that ruins my joy..i guess i shouldn't be surprised 
watching the pursuit of happyness.... i love this movie but it is soo sad  makes my cry everytime
so truly truly bored. any body got something awesome to do. mum stole sims off me 
@theboygeorge i only have cell ph access   , wish i could view what yer posting, seems like great stuff. is it videos or music? xoxO
@kevinm00re All paths to greatness lead but to the grave.  But at least he achieved a kind of immortality and made some amazing music.
The worse thing about this medicine is that I can't chase the chalk-cherry nastiness down with anything!  This stuffs G-R-O-S-S! #fb
@daysparkle my black jeans are ruined from camp, i still have all this mud and crap caked to the back  maybe i could &quot;forget&quot; mufti tomoro
I tweet so little, I can hardly call myself a twat anymore 
doing nothing just home...saw the trailer for 2012 everyone been talking bout ..dont want it to be the truth ! 
i really wish i had someone else to think about  ...i think demi has just about taken everything that means the world to me
I think that's the reason I could never get into anything hardcore beyond interest. I just see white dudes angrily yelling at me. 
i'm officially 18 finally in 8 hours. too bad i dont need to buy cigarettes and it lost its thrill anyways. i dont feel badass anymore 
I hate it when your eating something and your getting real into it and then its like pooof! gone. 
@codenamekelsey2 wasn't true anyway  damn. got my hopes up too.
crappy weather, it's raining like crazy! - wish i didn't have to go outside... 
@teapotwoman hey, you aren't green anymore. 
Just had dinner......lasagne....was ok but have done better.....couldnt find the right stuff at the market 
want to do such nice things with my room, want new desk, new chair, new bed...  oh well, first I need to clean it
@VIPeekCook im so new to this i have no idea how to do anything lol  sigh
Someone text me at two and tell me if its windy or not. I want to walk home but if its windy its a no go  not in this dress anyway
looking for my new recordings to 'make sense'... getting less happy with everything  the new album is though nut to crack
tired... three ours sleep 
@Emily_xoOx memory card* haha fail. there was nothing interesting on there anyway 
McDonalds can blow me, overcharging set of wankers that fucked up my order and put on extra things I didn't ask for. 
gotta be somebody who shares my thoughts and encourages me  to move forward... i really miss the one.. i'm actually lonely 
Now that I'm kinda old my dreams about hot women seem to involve in-depth conversations     What's next?   Mortgage rates?
@kev_d hey im the same as u I havent been to anything yet but I really want to, just life gets in the way  will be at the next blog awards
fuck my immune system, i'm sick again 
@SingleMomSays I'm begining to think its not possible, the married mom's seem to see you as a threat 
Keeps on happening! I can't even fit half my music on anymore  http://twitpic.com/7zxwp
my poor memory on pc doesn't think so though !!!, takes up so much ram on the damn things, going to slow it down even worse now 
Struggling to think of a joke for the Nintendolife competition... 
feeling a bit crap as i have the flu  if someone could reply to me saying something hysterical that would be appriciated lots of love xxx
@roblegon Ah damn! i missed out!  lol ah cool longer in bed and no uncomfortable uniform, too bad we have to do shitty personal statements
@punkrocktenny  your mean :p so i'll stay a monkey and it'll be your fault!
is done, can't work outside anymore, too wet. 
U see, in life, everything is about bloody choices. So you either get ur ass on that plane and go home. Or stay. And rot. I hate flying. 
so hungry but theres hardly anything in the fridge!! 
@SongoftheOss sort of, he was giving an interview 
@michelle_kristy - do you think 1 of those dodgy bottles of FBS would do the job of Botox? I've got a reading crease between my eyebrows 
@dirtyrottengoss aww that was harsh  lol yeah I beat her once n I'm happy unless she beats another like 7 times in a row lol
when your only option is to be forgotten, you sort of know your screwed... why does it feel like i'm not wanted by them these days? 
so there is something i want to in a tweet, but it goes over the 140 character limit and idk how to say it using less then 140 characters 
shit, woke up late for church. guess i'll just have to make it for practice 
i love to see u happy, that makes me the most happiest girl.. but ... forgive me.. i can't  i'll try...but i dont promisse nothing  &lt;3
so much for that idea....my antec quiet pc case doesn't have enough space for my quiet power supply....bugger! 
@Cynikal3000 grrr I was sicc but finally gettn better sheeesh ! Itll b a week 2day since ive stepped outa my house 
I don't think I'll get used to this anymore. 
@yeahman4real i know 
on second thought, spice is closed 
@chicalicious512 just imagine a war... we'll be stuck foreva- 
i CANT sleep, maybe is because nallely woke me up, but maybe is because i have too much in my mind right now. 
My god! I can't sleep, something bad can't out from my mind, hate this! pleaasssee I want sleep 
@rbflygal that was quite a lot yes *blush* too bad I missed the initial blast  clear over my head! grrrrr
@sophieandlili definitely. it just makes no sense to have it tested a zillion times everyone who uses it. #cpsia = not well thought out 
dear computer dork, please be able to fix my hard drive without losing everything  i will love you forever.
@Coyotebones Basewall baseball holecats Ohz Noez! hey fruit IMY.... 
I Amm boredd doing jack shittt 
and i dont even have any other belts. ughhh. i need to buy a new one now. i cant stand this anymore 
@lilstanleymama I hardly see her anymore like she's moved out. 
heard 2nd reith lecture 'morality in politics' again.It does not go down any cliche'd road. refreshing.lazy to blog  http://bit.ly/14L86j
@GonzalezJen me too!  but I don't have a pass anymore:/
needs to update her ipod and cant think of any new songs  help anyone???......
I need to get tickets for elliot minor,bleeeeh, but I guess if i want to go see the boys in tmd its something i will have to bare through 
@KevinHart4real lmbo aww 
@grovebrc It isn't ... tasty ... anymore. 
@b1nce dude, I've been spending the past week re-teaching myself visual basic   i can call anyone anything i want at this point haha
@aamwilliams I don't think that there are actually any decent ones to report about at the moment. I was expecting a load on 3.0 launch 
@liz0007 i have no idea. i'm a bit iffy about this whole blog thing. I think it's just gonna end up being 1 or 2 random posts, that's it 
To much thinking is bad 
@MikeKuypers - They decided to postpone anyway, too many crying children at the moment   will try again later
@TheRealMarkel WTF you dont even talk 2 meh anymore 
@ddlovato I kno how u feel, I lost my voice last night. Its annoying, makes me wanna call some1 n stuff but I can't 
@lovelessandmore you are soo not fat..you must be blind! ..although i am jealous cant afford gym anymore  not a good situation! haha
@AlexAllTimeLow my favorite kind of places, unless i'm really hungry then i hate when they chat it up too much 
Oh my gosh we're not even close to being done!! 
they dont want me to go home 
@keisopendoors i dont do much negative talkn... its either postive talk.. or str8 violence..  damn gift and curse! 
@samantharonson dont feel bad  they got nothing better to do!!! u rock!!! have a good day!!!
OK, cant hide out forever. Should go deal with my own little purgatory for a bit.   double sad guy though.
@devilgossip  anything to write/edit?  I will come hang out soon w my comp...  I could send my emails from there.
something strange is going on...i want to get out of the house. sucks not having a car anymore 
@ohellodear  i heard you're not supposed to take zicam anymore. they put out this statement-says it destroys your sense of smell.
@fedeparro sorry, maybe if you play it a lot it becomes ok, but as a party game it fails in every single aspect. It's no fun whatsoever 
@couturefreak Agreed! But nevertheless, jealousy always becomes me. I wish I was like most men who don't give a damn. But I always do. 
This is kind of creepy  I'm waiting at the door of my work experience place; and nobodys answering. It's a very dodgy neighbourhood.
@amerrylife oh no! i hate working out without my music.  hope they play something ok on the gym speakers.
@LarrfulBuck i'm sorry  what kind of trumpet did u get again? mom wants 2 know
the guy above me's toilet just over flowed..how do I know? continuous running water, banging, fast walking from one place to another..yea 
i got some really... um... interesting (?) followers recently... i hafta wonder what i did to get that sort of attention.  
kind of annoyed that the free dirty projectors show was at 6:30. too early 
@followjyp  i rly wanted to meet u and the wonder girls. good luck! is there any way i can try out to be part of ur company?it's my dream!
@officiallady_j good girl, close your eyes and fight that thing!! i hate migraines, they make me angry and then hurt worse 
i feel like miss something inside but dont know what it is... 
thinks that j&amp;k need to come to terms &amp; stop using &quot;the kids&quot; as an excuse.  oh, poor kiddies! do you need a babysitter?
Apparently, a laptop's slight resemblance to a folding chair was not an indication that it serves a twofold propose. Be back online asap. 
Granty is sicky  send him love
@tearslkdiamonds yes, its pretty average 
@braydensmama007 he thinks something is wrong in my brain telling my pituaries how much cortisol to make and he increased my byetta,etc 
Y!:does anybody out there know other sites where i can submit wordpress themes??  http://nqpds.th8.us
Lovely summer....sick and cant do anything fun. 
@EricLeamen where!! What kind is it? I need one for my mac 
is knackered from her run! feel loads better for it though! shame my knees are playing up again  they kill!
@brewstermax Did you un-follow me? 
It's all fun &amp; games until someone tells you to &quot;F*** off&quot; and you have no idea if they're kidding. I haz a big sad. 
@BlueSpirit3 you better keep in touch mofo!LOL...all the way to england..we dont be able to talk about the clare weather anymore 
i wish @theformat had stayed together. i get depressed everytime i listen to one of their old songs, knowing that there won't be anymore! 
Today's been terrible  Ithink everyone hates
@gossy16 i am lol'ing right now thinking about it XD but yeah, zq getting mad makes me  leave him &amp; his steak friend alone! lol
want to be out in the sun but i have to get ready for prom! sad if @_Alicee is not going 
@KnightOnline @vixensfantasy im playing solo  cannot trust anyone these days!! but this is really pissing me off as nothing getting done!!
needs a hug and alot of chocolate!! sad times!! 
sunglasses are too big  I want my old ones back, they were prefect, but nooo someone had to lose them :@ on the plus side its nice outside
@CherryxDollface stop your making me miss la too, something about the crazy fun eccentrics in la,  you just dont get them anywhere else 
@MissMarlyn i dont want to be green anymore  i rather just keep the ribbon but i dont know how to ungreen myself lol
@notradio you're doing it again!  stop na i feel bad. remember im a sonnet &amp; so are you in the career kind of way that isnt really sonnet
someone please turn off that horrible muzak hold-music for this conf.call .. my ears are bleeding .. my mind is numb 
@zainy that's a sad thought... 
whats the point of having a pool and a convertible  if its never going to be sunny 
Someone remind me that going to work early means getting done early... 
@Tarahwolf Thats nothing! Accidentally stuck my whole pinky into a pool of freshly squeezed hot glue. I have a bubble now 
@brumplum why do no girly slappers follow me 
I miss @telemaniatik so much.... not even funny anymore 
I miss @telemaniatik so much.... not even funny anymore 
@LoveAjaMay i know....i know! but nobody likes it curley. i know that shouldnt matter! lol. but u rite thats what i need to do. 
@yamstersg re: card nerds. you rang? dnt suppose you play tho 
sniff... selling the baby stuff on craiglist... jumperoo gone  ... glider &amp; ottoman . gone...
omg! I'm sooooooooooooooooo sleepy! darn it! wish i had my breaks! 15 min. nap sounds so good right now! 
@unleashedlive it was an ancient reference to an old foamy cartoon. nobody remembers foamy the squirrel anymore 
I feel like shit  what kind of sickness is this! x(
So the only thing that was wrong with our stupid broken dishwasher.....was that the (fake) light switch was turned off  omfg. hah.
I'm oozing from all kinds of places and acheing where I have never ached before,I look like crap,I've spent half my shift on my knees 
The world makes no bloody sense, guess I'm just polluting it with my stupid brainwaves 
see if i was allowed to write about stuff i'm interested in/understand... argh! i wish i didn't have the attention span of a goldfish 
@nicolalalalala Anything good on? I'm bored 
not very well but--dammit  now i know the situation u were in with edwin !!
anyway, i love @mileycyrus too much , but i have a feeling , that she hates me.  ( i know, that she dont hate me, but it seems like this )
@mattwilson43   .....At least think of all the live bootlegs there will be from the tour?
@klhingley its faggots i miss most! dont seem to sell them here 
@bigemrg: So the O2 salesman lied, who'd of thought of that 
darn. my #unity3d trial install keeps crashing  can't force quit either 
@_jkd stfu lol i miss ur meanness...no1 is mean 2 me here. 
on my second break. still not dismissed. no longer amused and actually feel sort of ashamed of the bad excuses people are giving! 
@repeattofade85 me too!!such a great idea,I felt sorry for her standing there and none selling  ooh what u get from mac?
  someone just said ast least your pretty  . thanks but but being pretty gets you nowhere you have to much integrity .
i have been on many nature walks today. okay i've been on like 2 but that's more than usual. pretty sure i've burnt my arms ... ouch :/ 
lol i still get all excited when somebody legit @replies me. ps one year ago i was seeing etoc/the almost 
does watching 'the big bang theory' + finding it funny make me half nerd???  
life is kinda weird sometimes  doesnt anybody stay in one place anymore?
@RogueJ why are you being mean me? 
its nice out..but i have nothing to do..  taking the pup for a walk  i love her &lt;333
@officialTila damn i must not be doin this twitter thing right cuz i be shown mad love n gets none in return 
@blackberrytwit So do I, although my words fall on blind eyes apparently.. to them!  Some1 who theyd listen to ought to tell them!But who?
@theamelia  aww poop. that sucks. ...zoe and I are going to alamo sq park...we'll be back in a while. hope things aren't too bad there!!!
ima cry   i have 1 of those headaches that i get annoyed wit everything anyone says
@ChaylaAbbney I love you 2. I'm going to miss you...  when things get bad.. think of that song I wrote for you my love &lt;3 ttys
seems many think its ok to expose kids to swearing??? its beyond me if we have stooped that low 
watching history channel .... math predictions vs astrological...both say same thing...very disturbing  
I want my half sleeve done  i wish i had moneyyyyyy!
Hates that i let this upset my equilibrium today ; kinda overshadows my happiness from school earlier  ...
watching sex and the city. love that movie. wish i had someone to text. kinda lonely. kinda sad.  oh poor, poor pitiful me!!!!
@cpasillas20 is a love em &amp; leave him type of guy. he love me long time 4 a few months on twitter, then he vanished. my heart = broken. 
@aprildurham aww, get well soon! And about the kid that kept drinking water on mystery diagnosis (I watched too) he had a kidney problem 
why is @szenobi not online anymore? we were supposed to ichat 
@kennytluvsrnb y is that no fun???  lol. i know OF you n i doubt u kno me so it dont matter anyway lol
Is there a software where my brush strokes will look smoother?  Adbobe makes em look hard.
@nvblondie She's adorable, but jeez I hate teenage chicks with flat stomachs.  Of course, I'm almmost 46, so I have good reason.  
won't be coming here in awhile... maybe after holidays... 
Another fat joke I don't know what I'm going to do this is a touching topic for me 
@UBCisFABULOUS no idea! but everyone keeps remaking classics, the day they remake that movie will be the worst 
Man, if I knew I'd be up this late with stomach pain anyway, I would have gone to see transformers.. 
why aren't tinyurls automatically created anymore 
I cant find the messenger bag i so badly want anywhere!  im getting sad
After re-reading that, I realized nothing will be accomplished with the internet at my fingers. 
so  tired and guess what may be working back tonight   what a big surprise that is haha as if im sure noone is surprised by that
 life sucks. but it would suck a lot more if i didn't have the beautiful check yes gingerette to keep me company.
i guess its really possible for things to get worse multiple times. i cant feel anything anymore. sigh 
I miss after-school-parasites!  and guess what, I miss jungle law soooo damn much! @revinans @mirandaadianti @audydania @FatyaJunissa
Watching secret diary of a call girl - gave up on everything else I needed to do today oops 
is tired of putting forth soooo much effort, and getting nothing in return. 
Everyone is so mean to their rents!  I wish I remembered my dreams, aly just reminded me that I don't have any anymore!
Oh my gosh abi joy is owning me i feel sad..someone make the sadness go away.. 
@SuperVicty4374 you know whats a 100% strategy for winning at any type of gambling? Not betting at all./but that's not fun  at all
Tired but cant fall asleep want to be with this guy but cant  yet ;-)
kind of feels like watching toy story now...too bad i don't have a copy 
my stomach is burning  here we go again w this bs  I didn't eat anything hot or unusual &amp; its starting again
wants to know why there are so many amazing guys in the world and i dont have one.  can someone please explain. thanks.
it sucks not having the modest mouse discography anymore. deleted it by mistake. 
...layout if we want to - which I do! That new one just bothers me. It makes everything harder to find and the pages look all weird. 
my head started hurting, my reaction time was way slow, and now I'm coughing and it feels like someone punched my chest, I'm sick  noooooo
@acedtect  only 10% of people are left handed so from a business point of view it wouldn't make much sense, anyway i hate being a lefty! 
huh dammit, carelessly pressing the stop button cos I clicked the wrong thing. can't load livingsocial anymore  let's practice typing then
I'm already growing a dislike for today, woken up early then remembered a load of other clothes that seem to have dissapeared in the move 
he wont text me bacck 
@annooh dont think so 
@gtvone does this mean 10.30 is cancelled? 
@pennypower  It's probably one of those things where you sign in and the system sends an auto tweet even before you know what's going on 
Trace cyrus has 'stay gold' knuckle tatts...isnt that a new found glory thing...?fail by him 
why the poor always pay the check for rich, and take the hit for the bitch 
can't sleep.  if you're awake, text me. 901-383-3545
@alexthefob1991 and plus i cant stand fall out boy covers cos nothing compares to patricks voice. sowee 
@lorddon What kind? The kind in my office as well as yours 
@FrazzleYeah lololol how insanely impolite and horrible did i sound?! ahah.  bad me.
@jamiehitchcock  - payslips are in and guess what's not in them 
my whole back is sunburned  it is soooo painful
Only the rare couple of my tweets actually have a point and/or make sense 
@twizzle36 let me guess - bills 
@Ravenatic  help... turn on, hold power button, then hold home button for 10 secs, then leave power button and wait? but nothing happens?
the guy playing the violin when everything is happening makes me bawl everytime 
@mickykewwy dont think so  they would need to pay him heappppppsss
refreshing my sight-reading, it's kinda rusted 
watching medium... being extremely lazy. think i'm coming down with a cold 
In soooo much pain....my feet hurt a lot for some weird reason....I hope I'm not diabetic  need to get on excercising and diet mode!!!
is feeling a bit sad  can nothing in my life go right???
@jawar  I think I might be getting this kinda spam from @dariolorenzo automated replies which are random with no genuine reply 
@hereinthehive  i'm considering the same; think the neighbours wouldn't appreciate the media calls i have to make though 
@hakumist (is too dumb to say it differently) but I'm just being honest 
I apparently can't sleep past 6 anymore.... 
@stephenackroyd i don't want to imagine jack white ejaculating anything, thank you 
I think its happening again. 
feels like crap and wishes she had a bucket of kfc chicken to feast on 
waaaaah!! i 4got to buy rubber shoes 4 P.E!! darn!! 
@southwestboaz oooooooh shoot!!! I don't have a snowballs chance in hell!!!! 
i cant sleep in anymore 
finds herself in quite the funk today, and not the cute dance-y type either 
@paudevera i feel so sad sometimes.... its kinda hard to fit in 
just finish tuition. and nobody tells me what are the english homeworks 
In one hell of a bad mood today hatfever is doing my head in and everything else is just blah blah meh I think I just need a big hug 
just locked herself out  god, do i hate calling the lock&amp;key service ... i seem to being doing that a lot lately *sigh*
@msilve Awwww, that stinks that you feel worse!  But yes, I am there in spirit making you Italian food, okay?&lt;3333
@minibite17 i thought u said i wasted my time wit it   but im happy u found something funny w it.&amp; i do kno where my rock is its at school
@Allieandra was probably my own fault / ignorance / ineptitude with myspace :\ am old, these newfangled things are far too complicated!! 
it feels scary for the new semester without a fixed timetable = always on stand-by mode 
Hiding my enthusiasm around folks who don't share my debt free thinking is sometimes painful. 
@surfingthesun HAHA WHAAAT, but its so unfair, bintan is like no h1n1  i think im going anyway i can right? :S
jury duty.......blahhhhhh .........ughh..so mad its too early 
shaq aint nobody watch i'll show you,,he's soft in the middle,, 
kinda sad by the fact that grannies are leaving the country tomorrow 
i woke up from my nap ago.. and i thought it was friday.. what kind of cruel joke is my mind playing on me 
Right then, 1gb left on my 'photo' drive - guess i'll be shopping for that 1tb hdd sooner than I thought. no photos till then!  #fb
what am I going to do? ... if nobody pays me attention, what a shame  [[losing my faith...]]
at one of my least favorite places  can u guess where?    http://twitpic.com/8doea treating myself to chipotle afterwards =]
you're not the same anymore. 
wish me luck guys, off to comp now :S got butterflys. and an empty tummy  LOL shall get some chips there ;) @boonTING get well soon - ilux
@anthonymoyles i should really try think of different usernames.... 
I know that last tweet had a hint of sarcasm, but I was completely serious. I have a chapstick addiction and thats my favorite kind 
MySpace just turned this awesome purple for a second and now it's not purple anymore. *heart breaks* 
@pattypuke Thanks. I don't know anything yet but  didn't get a good vibe. 
aww @sharifedak we're not close anymore 
Chinese food sounds good right about now! thats what i smell and i might give into temptation and get sum! but i have a lunch already 
@markhoppus  my girlfriend just dumped me, got anything cool 2 say 2 me? i've loved blink for years but not even &quot;down&quot; can stop the pain 
....I am being followed by 'trekkie shop', bitch I don't even like those kind of shows. 
@theexclamation ah yes, twitter seems to be the perfect venue for whining and wasting time.  now that's my idea of fun 
@Wwailord mkay deal 
@KingdomGuard @hothobolover I guess we will make him have guest appearance in ours then 
@SinnamonS damn, I guess I'll be up for it afterall...for awhile anyway 
For everyones clarification I am not on the run from the law or anything I am just having a few quiet months trying not to go out 
@lchin jogging while talking about ruby... the new frontier of fitness for the ruby hacker?  seems cool anyway
@JayJayLive haha...funny funny. my job..hmm..has its ups and downs..but overall I do enjoy it  I am an events &amp; campaigns co-ordinator 
@kelisha Ahh yes, I keep forgetting that my good taste in music is considered a disability amongst engineers.  
@micresendo3000 I suck at math but I understand sex really well -- this is the sort of mental image that is useful 
@ElaineGiles LOL 3 is enough, mind its never off as it is on my second monitor 
3. Just kidding! I won't spam y'all anymore. 
@acmaster27 haha yes, it would be cool, but i'm pretty sure my cookies don't know anything about political bias in cable news... 
@rachrouch thought it would feel much better 
@ggen its pretty fucken good so far hehe 
she makes every everything bad in my life seem ok in just a few words with her gentle voice..  http://twitpic.com/2y5ch
@markblomeley Thanks  We currently have a couple a strategic alliances going but are always on the look out for others. Something in mind?
@caojunvincent I am ??, follow me 
@frog_blurb Absolutely - sometimes a lot longer too. But I'm playing maybe 5 instruments, then 4 or 5 backing vox - it takes time 
Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on 
@holyschmoke You don't look old anyway - it's the smile that does it 
@LBugnion by the way, saying yes to 2 girls while you are on the flight to visit your gf would be kinda wrong don't you think 
@nexs007 @StephenDon24 I am confident my enforced break will give me freshness and desire that maybe lacking in other players 
@sorcha69 I like the chipper you....I'm in serious good humor today as well, must be something in the air...opium perhaps 
There's a fucking wood pecker or something outside and its driving me mad. I wish I was pecking some wood right now though 
@Mennard  have fun! bet you unearth all sorts of goodies!!
@zeddessarts 'A candle loses nothing by lighting another candle.'   
@Spacefrog29 &quot;ohh... owww... stop biting me... ohhh the humanity... owww... please, won't somebody think of the braeburns!&quot; 
@datop ah indeed s/know/knock/  what amazes me is that locks can fail. No big deal because &quot;everyone poops&quot; but still...
Nothing quite like finding good amp settings from a solid state amp 
@Schofe What an amazing tweeter, gives everyone hope in human nature 
I am sooooo T.I.R.E.D!!!! in every sense of the W.O.R.D!!!!!!! need a tune to pick me up!!! 
hope you are having fun working. cant even imagine doing what your doing with the style n grace that ur doing it with! u rock 
@Tittch I've been neutered and it's sure stopped me. 
@leplan thats good! you were starting to worry me... your always there.. which a comforting though i guess 
@fragileRB i love u too babe!! With u its always fun! 
@lindaAWI  WOW, thanks for the referral, greatly appreciated   thought you might enjoy this  http://snipr.com/feoak
@bradiewebbstack What's ur favourite flavour jelly bean? the black ones rule. no1 else likes them...which is good...4 me 
@livinginfiction  change yours!
Ah, nice, one less step to understand, update via txt 
charlie!!!!!!!! u feel smart *well at least that make one of us! 
working and twittering  whatever that means!
@michaelgrainger I have this terrible feeling in a couple of weeks when I do the interviews that someone is going to mention fishnets 
@laurene planning to do that, too.  while in transit anyway 
@BobFromHuddle its cool dude, I've seen you pull off iterations from a worse position than that if I remember correctly 
@b50  intelligent ofcourse, trying to escape a losing argument - sardar got angry  #IndiaVotes09
@jamesstarsailor listen to eminems new song, that'll sort you out 
@TheFemGeek isn't it interesting how someone's sense of style can influence and inspire your fashion choices? 
@dcrap yeah man, anything you can do to help get the awareness up would be amazing.  I really appreciate it 
@andyhart okay man sounds sweet  you out at the cockpit tonight? think me and some of the boys are heading down
@animoenzo hey it makes sense so if you don't want change better yet rot in hell 
Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on 
@djberg must have been one heck of a cloud because it's falling here 
@Cubikmusik or give up - just a thought 
i got a new dress today  i need money so badly. does anyone need to buy a kidney or something? ill give you a twitter discount.. eww sry
i thought my dad would slap me after seeing my midterm marks, but he was pretty okay with everything. we ate at panera afterwards 
***happy dance*** i love free stuff   (not an invitation to send me ads)
@officialashleyg Once again ily  I'm sorry if I seem desperite but your just that amazing reply pleas pleas ps follow me
@awaman sort of. kind of. not really. but, it's nothing to worry about. 
Itll be a good fish fillet lunch 
@GolfProGirls Wings are going to win it all anyway 
anyway... how is everyone? 
@justinlathrop depends on the spell. If theyre like making cookies appear and giving u the ability to fly, its all good  otherwise, hide
(shade, not shad)   the permanence of typos in twitter is a blessing and a curse. move on, move on...
so i guesss im not in coolifornia anymore how exiting 
thinks butterfly gardens provide an amazing sense of relaxation. 
Be vigorously aware of what you have...   the small things in life are great!  plus theres so many of em!  (via @RevRunWisdom)
just filmed vlog 54. when it comes out make sure to watch it all because a brilliant rant begins 
@parisianatheart That sounds much better than those bad vibes. 
Be vigorously aware of what you have...   the small things in life are great!  plus theres so many of em!  (via @RevRunWisdom)
@xBianca2506x Aww ... that was kinda sweet. Everything's fine. But thank you for your message anyway. 
loves &quot;radio rock revolution&quot; ... everybody hast to watch it 
@aalikesness No doubt, let's make it happen - hit me at fuseboxradio@gmail.com! 
@caseynicolec accidents happen just be thankful she is ok and treasure everyday with her 
@ghostnomad That's great!  I would've *loved* this as a kid. What kind of animals did they have?
i decided to put my foot down and stop being such a push ova wit my kids and no kidding their attitudes and behaviour has improved! 
I am thinking and hoping no one is reading my &quot;tweets&quot;, lame huh. I am telling you someone out there wants us to be birdies, and lay eggs 
@cyberczar You have a strange mind. 
This weekend was awesome! I miss everyone already, especially that adorable creep of a mad scientist 
so there's this guy... he makes me smile endlessly &amp; makes me feel like nothing in the world to go wrong. 
@Wreckchaser09 lol huh? when u r done? dare i ask 
@kehani yeah same !! soon please ???  and fair fair lol still wish i could of came and really couldnt see you being scummy !!!
@mphillipsdesign Seriously dude, is there any way to get a sneak-peak at the site? I could be &quot;quality assurance guy&quot; 
@RobPattinson_   oh Ithink you're  an amazing actor seriously &amp; i so want to meet you in person that would be like the best thing ever 
@firedancertat think you earned that 
Lolol soooo I know yall thought it would be 2015 before i grew up, but I no longer have any neef wit anyone  happy b-day!
@nicolerichie no embarrasment in displaying honest human emotion...I cant begin to imagine the number of replies you get 2 every tweet 
@jdowdle love it - totally makes sense - all setup with git/GitX and messing around locally - now just need a project 
Whoever sad &quot;If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all&quot; Can go fuck off. How ya like that for irony? 
rob and lost follow me lol 
sometimes i like to make weird sounds with my mouth. for absolutely no reason. its odd i guess, but i kinda like it 
what caused so many headaches in the past, seems to be the cure tonight.  outta nowhere dane pops into my mind, &amp; all is mellow now 
@rustyrockets dont get up 2 anything mischevious now haha! we dont want another phone scandel lol! good luck  x
@lesleyt hmmm trying to explain the theory of relativity to a child, good luck with that 
Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on 
@brands4berlin That definitely sounds like me.  No wonder I don't get anything done. :p
does the newer follow-square panel arrangement mean i can unfollow and refollow everyone in order to show my favorites? 
@titusofalltime thank you for sharing the backstory  I like aloha.harder lol
@missgiggly that's cool, didnt want to offend, plus it was a silly post anyway  just wanted to see if I was missing out on something
never give up on the good times, living it up is a state of mind 
@foodieguide ah well - i'll look forward to the review anyway 
@bradiewebbstack lol, cant wait to see nyour new drumming technique at sway sway concert in brissy  (by the way i suck at spelling)
@fldhtrsxl 10 is fine by me. The longer I'm out of this house, the better, tbh 
@sonecessary hey, i think? i saw you at jami's shake&amp;pop party! gooooooood deals 
@meganrogers lol. it's melbourne. it'll happen sooner than u think!  just keep a one piece wet suit under the seat!
@nongLing appreciate the thought really do  take care
Mwhaaa. not sure cutting little cats mad professor hair while he was asleep was the best idea. giggle. im sure it'll be fine after a wash 
my brothers out washing the patio slab things.i should feel guilty as im not doing anything but what the heck 
@rubymaree do what i want  and you cant hate me  ily you to haha
@derisu really? i'm surprised! i just don't see the point since i'm online whenver my macs on anyway! p.s; welcome back to cambridge! 
@koogar @cluttermonkey12  good idea guys.Too late now but will try that next time 
@Artistvspoettx that's always good 
lovely weather today it makes everything seem worthwhile 
fun fact: jason mraz's concentration face makes him look like house 
@sonnyjoeflangan you know there IS a cure for exczema, theres heaps. they all smell weird, but they work 
@surinamegirl oh and there's one song on there that is rated five stars of difficulty for the vocals and like one for everything else. 
@s14x0r but yeah, i havent been on aim too often because i have been neglecting it XD i got a new system now, so i ,may be on more often 
@ERMurray wag just a few mins ago, last to leave ! All done now though 
Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on 
Hates how 100mph feels like I'm going 60. And 130mph can get you a damn ticket. lexus and mini copper learn how to keep up. 
f it im just stoppin and recording at any beat that i like a lot, get a verse and a hook idea down and moving on for today..sounds fun 
@yowlanku nice  solution  simple and gets the job done   http://bit.ly/b7iXg
This just put a  on my face &quot;When I'm alone in my room sometimes I stare at the wal,  And in the back of my mind I hear my conscience call
Fever's over....think I will Live 
I have some things no one else has...thats enough to be thankful for 
@kodemonkee a sobering thought...lets turn the trend around 
@darkanimelover sure thing ^^ i have blank cds here @ my house, &amp; i dont have anything to do, so i'll just burn it now 
@randymatheson I'm a little sad that everyone knows and loves them now. No longer a hidden treasure. 
@boopdeboops I refused 2 use anything except mints &amp; gum  It is nice 2 know I'm not alone 2
@skunkworks716 hahah sure. whatever. no creeps though 
shower, maybe get some food, see if anything good is on tv, if not then going out side! 
Does anybody go to church anymore on Sundays???...I know I do. 
@lovelylivxo you!  haha, idk, anyone really! Some safe safe guys! I want to go somewhere pretty with music playing  ! and a creme egg!
all alone..nothing better to do except for holding on to my guitar making musics. 
@phalange aw, your insult wasn't too bad. that's a good sign, eh? couldn't find anything wrong with you. 
@JonathanRKnight What kind of seats did you have sweetie? 
@MsLaurenLondon I have to say that u r really humble  ..kind of more than I thought u wld b, I luv it!
starting the day (at work) with a blinking globe in your screen is kinda weird 
@andrewfaith take me , i m free 
@pcam You and me both. I should have known better; thought sure they'd kill him, but seemed odd they'd axe a new character so soon. 
i should really start studying for the benchmark exam thing... but yeah as anyone would say. i dont feel like it... 
@clickwriter yes i found lots of great insights this weekend, useful knowledge is always good to have imho 
@treasaint you do spot them if you are up very early, quite a rare breed thesedays. If you do want one just let me know 
turns out johnny might tour with shooter jennings, good news on 420!! 
@charlesroper and it'd rather be 'sometimes is genius, sometimes plain dumb' instead of  'might be genius' 
@epicfailanne Where in the geek stereotype did you figure that geeks were gourmet chefs? ;) I burnt 5 things just yesterday! 
@ayeashleigh i so would, as am strange like that  but would get some proper weird looks haha 
class til 2 then im pretty sure i hear a nap calling my name 
@a_web_designer To be honest I am not a big drinker. As a result anything stronger than water goes to my head quickly. 
Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on 
impulse shopping is the worse kind of shopping ! must save money before major destress shopping !! 
@caff What's this for? Sounds like it might be very useful for a student type like myself. 
@keza34 too bloody hot, but better that been too cold suppose 
@Sugarwilla i am both...bitter sweet kinda thing...although it will be nice to get back to my normal lifestyle and my house 
@hannarnia I shall not deny my geekyness, I shall not betray my kind 
@silixell ...put another way - &quot;remember... you're unique - just like everybody else&quot;   
High cadence - doesn't feel like your going fast but when you look at the speedo... no more grinding 
@meesterbob chinchillas are amazing but loaf is one of a kind 
Overslept, woke up to clouds...but there is a friend that needs me and super cute shoes that insist they become mine...guess cbus it is! 
loves the wii fit  I'm excited to finally get in shape!
can't be assed to do anything productive, apprentice marathon was gooood though 
Sitting at the doctor's office at the moment. I actually like my doctor. He's a fun guy and doesn't afraid of anything.  
@natalidelconte thanks for reading. If you want to know my theory about your reception just let me know. if anything it'll be interesting 
@JennyCochrane not that kind of edge haha.  you seem alright to me, I still like you 
@jclayville oh, in case you ever had a doubt, know that you *are* the coolest person i know in all of oregon..maybe even pac northwest! 
@firstplaceloser yes it is free radio.. sorry for the super delayed reply. just go to www.audio8ball.com there are other shows too! 
@YungCEO later gater! dont forget to put on your pj's, u know..the ones that zip all the way up with the footies attached 
@meganfinley oh no, I hope you are able to get lots of rest and feel better! 
@marcuzzi Your song came on again and I was struck by the line, &quot;You can steal my heart but you can't heave to my dreams.&quot; - good stuff. 
And I totally tweet enough for them to get annoyed and unfollow me 
@Trinab1 knowledge is always a great thing to gain sweets and i am good just pushen forward blessed 
@iiDance87 try drinking tea. it supposedly relaxes you or do what i do and play solitaire for awhile 
@scorpion032 the funda being chief, that most other content is &quot;emotional&quot; content. Loses charm over time 
done being the nice guy... haha now watch me be the bitch AS i stay positive  this will be really easy. anyway goodnight everyone!!!!
@tierrymassard the biggest part of my tweets is useless anyway  If there is anything that might be of your interest, I'll give you notice
@wezman2k quote that! just love to listen to my old cds and feel 16 again 
@iCharlotte u dont think i can? i'll prove you wrong. im not really a flirt in real life. i just expierment on twitter. 
just signed up to twitter  thought it will be more exciting lol
think about you 
@fmonyourdial give me a review on it! i'm thinking about upgrading too 
@Ingermaaike  yeah but I am not sure which ones;) (and my style is different as their style)
@revjesse My other half said that before - i like these sort of pics - maybe i should look into it 
at school  ! everyone is on face! mada mad mad ................
Nothing gets the adrenaline rushing like a short-deadline, high-pressure project... yeah, I'm a geek 
@juneAmbrose hey when i read your updates , its like i meet me in some parallel universe. lol and your sense of humor like mine. 
Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on 
Thanks for kind words about my talk everyone - will publish my recruiters and interns cheat sheets later today 
@JennaMadison what is going on, thought you might like that 
@philcampbell i will send you automated updates and specifics of when I go on holiday, since you like that sort of thing 
@MickPuck haha I did try a few ways to spell it, but that one seemed worthy, once I knew it was more than just a black tick, shaped stick 
@marksmithers lols! ones eyes bleeding sounded pretty bad alright, then mentioning code.. that sounds bad enough to me as is! good luck 
@ecaps1 think some sort of typography 
@LadyHanhan I doo!!! just not very often. I'm trying not to be an addict!! anyway, emails are much better 
@iHomeTech no problem  i look forward to our future tweetversation  stay cool guys 
@problogger oooooh what type of blog?  Lol - would the kids start one next ;P
Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on 
@RealHughJackman I haven't seen the movie yet but i cant wait too. no doubt its going to be amazing, i've only heard good things. 
@Lampstink5 @netlore I have finally decided that I don't really care about twitter anymore and will use it as an instant messager system. 
@pischina go for broke  @jbwhaley pedantic blowhards the only kind worth knowing 
is booking stuff for mothersday. sucha good daughter 
@seashellgigi Thanks. I am confinded to my room cause there are kids in my house. kinda sucks. Have the hand sanitizer at the ready. 
@heidimontag Ijust came home from watching it  and I loved it!!!!
i seriously hope i was not that kind of drunk.  :/  so annoying!  nothing a hammer or shovel couldn't fix 
@iamdiddy it truly is the greatest feeling...you can do anything no matter who tells you that you can't  thanks!!
@aileen2u2 tell ya what...if you ever get up this way, we'll go to a game. 
@BastetAsshur Your too kind! 
@Lhjunkie I would like spidey sense 
On my way to 24 to meeet eeeGGgggii  listening to shinee-replay cuz its so good
okay for real going to sleep.but does anyone know about pinkytoast art? gosh i love it! im painting one of the girls on my bedroom wall. 
@xoMimi  I AMMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!!!!!!!!  im a sweet kind soul
little man now poorly so trying to keep him happy and temp down, maybe try and move the shed as planned and sort garden out 
optical lens of my cam broke down..good thing d company offered a trade up &amp; got a red ne now .. i am happy (ouch says my wallet) 
@TDLQ awwww    yeah... i can't see straight anymore!  good thing i'm a feel typist...otherwise you'd have complete gibberish! 
Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on 
@mobiletopsoft Are anybody with Symbian S60v5 real experience here? It would be grate to learn your opinion 
@120politics now now, that's 18 months away and I don't know that @VoteMonds is a regular reader anyway... 
Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on 
@tommcfly ummm.....panini...think i might have one 
@JohnWestonThere are other ways to keep your little ones from getting you up, i personally dont think a tv in the bedroom is a good idea 
@krumpet Not a huge drinker, but regular ... no shakes no nothing really ... it has all been a little too easy ... but my liver love me 
needs to get re-acquainted with self + everyone. is failing at the internet, oh no. i deserve a prize! 
@jerseyshorejen I haven't been there for awhile but I used to go down 70 - 72. 
@Masterballerina idk where were u? Haha, yeah true    i cant wait till sway sway!
@m1r to hell with bends! With that sort of power you just drive straight through everything with a huge grin on your face 
D lol i know makes no sense ....but wat the heck i just made it up 
@nuttychris what do you think?alcohol and other things (wink wink nudge nudge)lol 
@thisdaylastyear hey hi! follow me 
@arvinclay I know, coffee always win! 
@RobboMills oh dude I can't go, as ever I'm just wrangling the talent who can ;) no wrangler, nothing happens 
@1938media How kind. 
@Hudene well it depends.  We were kind of talking about cartoons. That kinda kills the mood 
I'm just listening to a tears in heaven cover, the song makes me feel very sad - i really need to put some happy music on! 
Aaaaaaaaao, myyyyyyy pretty faaaaaaace! sheeeeee pretty face! HOHOHOHO anything okay 
@fleurdeleigh oh no role at all; just thought you'd like the photog section  from a design/business standpoint 
@Micazilla  dress nice.  nothing too low cut or baggy.  That's my rule  &gt;^..^&lt;
@xMrsEfron the new one? u mean; u belong with me? 
@Zaidah1 welcome welcome !  the pleasure is all mine.. my lady  It's just great to have u on my network .. how is things over there?
@jewelrybyjanzia Been there, felt that way  Just take a deep breath and remember she's justa girl like you and me!!
@boogieman50 that sounds like an awesome day ahead of u mate!! What kind of food are u going for?! 
@hochmann I am with you on the rain! Makes everything seem refreshed. It is raining here too but no worries...life is awesome! 
eric is just being honest! 
@DCMABNIKKI age is nothing but a number and love knows no boudaries! 
whiskey, dirty dancing, and jeff's new found love for whiskey!! heavenly  nobody puts baby in the corner
@crashtestmommy never had one of those.  you guys are not supported my never eat sugar ever again mandate  
oh and just one other thought, if your as bored as me show some love to my blog, I would really love some comments  http://bit.ly/RoL9F
@alaksir sweet..nothing like unlimited space!  enjoy! xx
@valgal210 damn straight. those nasty little things belong in the trash! haha 
@darlinglisa it was so very lovely.  you can do that kind of different as often as you like
Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on 
just got out of djing tired and head hurt to much alcohol jejeje god bless everyone and take care 
@FreedomFactory you shouldn't trust fiat currency anyway... 
@JessDubb i don't think i've said anything quote board worthy in a while. i'm stepping my intellectual convo up 
Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on 
Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on 
@blue_cupcakes nah, i'm sort of running out of enthusiasm already. that, and &quot;asterix goes to the olympics&quot; is on world movies at 8:30 
@baby__jane afroman keeps saying i'm drunk bnut so do i  stop doing whatever you're doing and chat with me
@sarahlay remember u can now get into that dress from 3yrs ago so you doing something right!dont be glum  xx
Too tired for anymore smart comebacks lol ttyl.   luki 
@pennstate2000 your always an angry white minority 
@nanoraptor I'm fairly sure miss pixie ears needs a new avatar, maybe pop it on you're list of things to do? 
@skapaid  like what kind of music?  i have hella ideas!
@chrisvanb heck yes! She hates the stuff anyway so she doesn't have a say in what I buy. 
@lotuschik pop? wth? what on earth kind of acrobatics you been up to, girl? 
@metaphysical1 same could probably be said for most things, except for beats and breaks of course 
yessss.  i AM going to do spanish. now.. in a minute. and a bbq later me thinks! good shout 
is looking forward to her very own dougie coming round 
@torilovesbradie haha good idea  he NEEDS 2 win  if he doesnt..i'll feel bad coz i didnt vote haha x
whoa, 139 subscribers! This excites me greatly 
@kelownagurl didnt think she would enjoy it..guess she will be a regular...darn it. 
@andyclemmensen come to tassie you stooge, i know its a scary thought, but 
that last status kinda didnt make sense!!! 
@refactoringdr yeah, but if a lunatic comes into your church and starts shooting, you'll be able to tweet the news out much faster now 
did I say free? Why yes I did  we don't charge or try to sell you anything at www.thetazzone.com www.thetazzone.org www.tazforum.com
@KellyTheCoolKid I'll take one, or two...a pot...maybe two 
everything happens for a reason so there's no pointing in getting upset or angry because if it's meant to be it's meant to be, oh yeah 
@bomberman61 No, you sir, with your angry italian ways, make me happy. 
@webmoxy then call me afterwards 
hot as hell, running around in the park, i'm done... these kids kill me 
@FranAspiemom A socializing-learning-supporter ?  That's my guess. 
whatever hits the fan...will not be distributed evenly 
And I still love to wash in your old bathwater, you make me think that you couldn't love another. (guess the song  )
@campusanis Oh thank goodness THAT was the similarity XD I was kinda scared it might be something odd XD props on the proper picture now! 
@kristimeier I will gladly give you some of mine to sort if you'd like to feel included 
every one seem to be watching marly and me  i think i need to go and see this 
@ZAmmi I don't think that'll happen in my lifetime, but I think chasing dust devils on Mars is a fair trade 
I am almost completely in summer music mode: I don't have the patience to listen to anything that requires &quot;excessive&quot; thinking! 
@Billy3G   and you are the kind of gay that watches lesbian porn!  (@princessleah7x)
I never thought I'd like a sport that wasn't fake, involved some kind of sled or was played on a table but tennis is awesome!! 
@markatson I think so  its pretty magical! lol
@lalayu lol. I like the way you think! Sounds like she has no business wearing a tiara anyway 
it feels like chaos, but somehow theres peace 
@markhoppus so make good use of your gift!! 
@HCObebex3 sure! that would be fine  i'm pretty sure my email is - milaaayxo@aim.com  not sure. i dont check it a lot.
you know you are sore when pouring almost empty pitcher makes your arm shake. And yes braydon mythbusters is the best medicine. 
@shineonrochh *hug  dont cry everything would be all right, but if u feel that u need to cry, go on, it better than keep it inside !
@mudasser yeah, trying to make a quick buck off a real medical problem.  You suck as a human being!!  
@danielspengies now, now. no point in getting nasty about it. say something intelligent or go away. 
Whoops... I mean... what is the deal with #kelloggs...? Can someone clue me in? 
@likewhoaxox hahaz ik! same  if only... if only i could think of something clever to ask! i blame my brain :/ brain u suck
@missmiindy it was.. way harder than i thought lol but i felt really good after  plus hil duff loves them and well, shes my idol so... lol
Avoiding 17... Construction makes it difficult  this is quicker anyway
@atrain2324 plus, i like bamboozle better than lollapalooza 
@LadyLeeT @jakobo great.  me too   see you both then!
@rayfellman The clown in the forest joke was epic indeed. I love anything you say, so it's cool. 
@Solzah oh, it has nothing to do with how long the tweets are (though that is bothersome) it's another type of limit. But thanks anyway! 
@bartmillard have u guys done bohemian rhapsody for a cover tune grab bag? if not that wld be an awesome one to do 
@Pianca whatever you say serendipity 
@REXXYBANKS oh..then wear somethin else..i didnt know...lol...u look good in anything so it don't matter. 
Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on 
@CharityMyLove it's okay! hopefully get to you at some function in the future. i used to intern for the underdogs so i know rondor 
beginning to wonder if my @ messages are getting seen...  i should probably aim for non celebrities, though...  haha 
@roshnimo Other than those poor pigs? They didn't have much of a reputation anyway, save for on the dining table, and then this happens. 
finished everything she needed to, and got some anthro project done  good productive night! Goooodnight twiggass&lt;3
curb your enthusiasm. heck yes. i love this show. 
haha i love my new profile picture it maketh me lol grrr...tell me something i don't know is stuck in my head again....i love it 
wants a certain guy to be wiff her  i realized life is pretty sweet, putting school aside. hahaha.
@sharping the future is a mix of awesome and train wreck, this insight brought to you by emo undertone 
@DavidArchie have you gotten to do any shopping over there? buy anything cool? 
@xMyrthe you writing fanfic? me read! 
@girlsmadethis i want all kinds of designer suggestions darl  any and all. mens, womens, anything! formal/street/alternate. whatever! 
@jdpeterson I say the same about poems. When you are ready to write, &quot;nothing else matters&quot; as a well known song tells us 
@kyleandjackieo i have a song suggestion. anything from the veronicas first album - the secret life of...  that would be a good choice
@neilhimself Look at all this feedback!  You should do it more often, seriously  The crazier the topic, the better.
@lynnftw I know exactly what you are saying.. its so not cool... that is why tapes were better  :p
@kenlee86 nice recolouring of your page  nobody is buying your anti-twittering words!! YOU LOVE IT!!!! 
@middleclassgirl excellent, that's always a win..  i'm just dealing with a small clique of passive-aggressive, resistant managers.. 
it doesnt matter anymore..U got to learn how to be nice 
@sparklethots love that birdy nest! though i already got us another kind 
@alancostello well...as long as you have trees  yeh definately need to go find one, maybe after the crutches tho! :p
@smokeyroxsox Thanks heaps for the lovely compliment  hopefully uou're not doing anything too important during laughing, like surgery...
think I'm gonna start writing a proper blog, can anyone recommend any good blog host thingys? 
Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on 
@duskyazure yeah that sounds more sensible. thought you had a heston bleumenthal moment of genius somehow! 
@hueypriest guess that depends on if you want to be on the jury 
@biggboymgmt alright alright! I will be tuning in and taking notes - remember what I said before (got a spot? raising my handz - both 
@AlyceMadden why arent u famous already? lol you have a very adoring fan, that fan would do anything for you hehehe, im you no.1 fan 
@sengming whoa steady there mate don't fall down 
@dougiemcfly hahahha but days off are cool when nothings open  its like isolated and haha cool 
@annagabbert not to sound preachery or anything, but my iphone is amazing.  haven't had an issue since the 2.0 firmware   {wink wink}
@kayenchante thanks   got a hold of someone there who knew their stuff..at last! 
@KatieKrafka oh you crazy kids and your stress. try effed / not effed; followed by acceptance. works wonders for the rest of the world 
@Sarahbelle1414 yeah those are better ads  It makes them look part of your content rather than blatant adverts ;)
got a translation offer today. couldn't say no, even though it's german  simple computer stuff mostly. and only a couple hundred words.
And now the crazy is all gone. 
believes that creativity  in cooking is only limited to your imagination... guess that applies for most things too... like photography 
whats this? a night out with @abby1ill? sounds like trouble... the good kind 
@a_double as if there are any other kind  http://myloc.me/Fkl
@santojay They assume you won't be able to afford traveling anymore now that you've got a contract with them 
umm yeaa i go to like watch-movies-link.com or something like that and there pretty good quality 
I feel like dressing up for the heck of it.&amp; putting make up on. Haha 
@haldira awww too bad I won't be there - I'd entertain the thought of entering 
@mikegentile http://twitpic.com/4l85a - best kind of gum ever! I just bought a pack 
@Claymoore for sure! You and your wife seem like cool cats.  
@equivocality nah, they look better  but i label the tops with the latin names and only access them that way... no need to turn anything!
@jtimberlake good luck! I have no doubt you will be hilarious. really hoping to see you dressed as some kind of foam food item  and go...
sitting in bed thinking 
Laying in the dark thinking of you. 
@carlito2009 haha that's always a good jam 
@_writersblock_  I'm having a bev by myself too. Sometimes you just have those kind of days and you need to relax 
@robdyrdek my husband wears the same shirt all the time, think you can send some of that this way?? 
@akpolegirl I'll be right over, save me a slice 
@JanisJ1212 haven't laughed that much in awhile 
 listening to the new demo! This song is going to be fantastic once its done!
@chrisfromracine That's for sure. That's why I intentionally turn my thought processes to the silly 
Shoot, are we all done with the mustard jokes now? 
ugh my head, when will all the headaches stop. anyways, i love my life right now, i couldn't ask for anything more. i love being happy 
@MikeTattoos LOL...oh, man, can I un-twit something? haha! I mean my lean mean fighting machine. I sooo can't believe you called me out! 
 sweet situations.
Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on 
@godlessgirl ha, great description of your jealousy I must say.  I will upload a pic 2morrow.  the tat actually represents free-thinking 
I think @daveyboyonline sure looked sexy in the hat that belongs to @cesyeuxblues  
feeling, breathing, believing, keeping you on my mind and never ever gonna think to let you go.. 
@xxlaurenbeexx aha yeah  all else fails just push  yeah we are dont know what time were leaving yet though xx
@billingtonart think gone enjoy the beautyy of the nature , maybe sit down anywhere and write a little ,just trying to finish my last pic 
@justlonely we all have our moments of intense genius...and power...and well, at times, sheer insanity  i need a sanity check!
@RODSMACK_10k much appreciated!  yeah, it sure is a challenge and a great reward. wouldn't trade it for anything.
@londicreations  I don't mind whistlers if they are actually whistling a tune, but those who just whistle nothing drive me crazy!  
@monabarry yeah whatever, so that means he was chatting about me all night then, lol 
@josepicardo Ahh okay makes sense to start the preparations now then 
@rssanborn true, depends on the couple  Personally we've found adding more has increased the fun &amp; increased our bond 
if you hit a car .. u should leave a note http://bit.ly/P274B  but yea put whatever u want on the note 
@rustycharm retail paper... Sounds like a plan!!  should probably start so somebody will be awake to answer them...
@GeminiAngel24 lol, my current mp3 player is a brick. It would be nice to have something slim 
oh ok i always wondered how that worked. i only have the top of my ear done. i dont think i could get anything else pierced  
hey guys, if you have something to ask, just ask, okay? we'll accept your critics and comments. thanks guys 
i dont feel the pain anymore!yay!! ill be writing something laterzzz  ssyb
Iv'e decided to have an #unfollowSunday... get rid of all the snores and bores and egomaniacs...god that feels good  
@glav sweet - I'm working on something similar for an app at the office - might pick ur brain 
@matteh17  i started yelping thinking he'd scored :] so, never knew you were a fan 
yessssssssss  finally have some more call the cops songs. =/ is in thought.
@temptingmama Only thing that stops the itch is alcohol, and then there's the rubbing kind if you want to try that too 
@lilBabyVgoesgym I'm good too  i just woke up lol.. anyway what you been up to lately?
Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on 
@RevRunWisdom just spending the day with my kids....dont need to anything different   its perfect
@HilzFuld and you're probably not the only one. but still, had to share the thought 
hmm  not got anything to do..  loveee the sun (L)
@Dojie we can't see it on ours 
@anIMjourney thank you! I will I'm sure-always do 
@HenryMCCRORY oh, that's becausr everyone I follow updates about dumb shit that no one cares about...  but thanks for your concern lol
@2_BMe he's too cute! why is so old?! I will forever think he's 3 
@AccidentMagnet Yes It has been a while *sighs and hands her the gift* I got you something you'll love *smiles* (A new camera. That works 
@geeners  A wild guess! i am going for a cupcake myself 
@MariKurisato I think the mark of an intelligent mind is being able to entertain a thought without accepting it 
@GrahamM23 awesome  maybe. mikey would probably appreciate coke zero cans, since hes turned on my that sort of thing lol
@SophieJaneLong &amp; there is nothing sad about writing  push it to the max.
@TheRealSavannah you have no idea what kind of inspiration you are to me .  i hope you succeed in everything you do . follow your &lt;3 !
Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on 
just a random thought 
even a humdrum campus like michigan's seems to don a majestic coat when i lace up my running shoes 
my dishes, pots and pans are boxed.  the packing party has begun.  guess i'm really doing this move thing 
who the hell wrote obama's correspondent speech?! they should promote him or something! 
@nickcroken But I bet you're smiling anyway ... 
@EmperorNorton LOL... not the kind of suck i meant... 
@Reaaaaa everyone's fine. nothing's really new but yea hope you doing good 
@the404error good i love this type of movie 
@owlwaltz You could always have a hot chocolate afterwards if you're still hungry... seem to have got that advice somewhere before 
not gonna lie.... i feel weird so far.... but im always scared to do stuff alone so my friend suggest i do something alone 
lost the prestigious gold vest by 5 points. dern it. oh well at least I got my paper done  am I a senior yet?
@yukai_chou haha, my profile isn't really anything great but thanks 
@truesayian what a ball buster. its going to be festive indeed  some of my favorite bands will be there!
So I was kinda feeling  but realized its all a state of mind &amp; I took @iamwaveyk advice: turn ur frown upside down! I am greaT 
Twiitter iis piiss'n me off ...iim off thiis ...g'niite my prettys ...uglys too but ...mostlys my prettys 
If this deal gets signed, I'm going to get drunk, if not, I'm going to get drunk anyway. 
@thatyubakid you dont hate me.  you love me. secretly.
@benny_bennett that's it. P forgives easily. When i was her age i beat everybody up that made fun of me. *bad example* 
Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on 
@novnovaitian maybe you should get that stamp 
@jinthemc what program or what did you use to type chinese? just out of curiosity.. and totally loved that chinglish u useds 
anyway How are you all 
@rsmck If you know the rare instances you need remote root login, you know when rules aren't hard and fast.  And yes, keys ftw.
@catherinelucy Wine and cheese tasting?  Sounds like my kind of learning 
im trying to write a love poem... i'm about half way through and now i have nothing to write in it... oh well i'll keep thinking 
@InkyTinx I am good, been dealing with some pain issues but seems to be nothing sinister after a scan so onwards we go! Still smiling!  xx
@djsolidbase aww youre too sweet sometimes 
@MacyCan I freaken love me and you should text me ma'am  &lt;33333333333333333
@gstene sure is! the smell of the country side ...  I have no words  I am happy 
something new learn today... my friend didn't had license , didn't had car papers, break the signal. and guess what it cost him only 15 
@SteveHealy I'm ready to cheer for anyone who impresses me tonight! I've heard the songs but it's always a bit different on the big stage 
They think their poxy little radio is a match for my sound system? A mistaken notion they are about to be disabused of... 
@designthinkers That's a real new kind of species or breed! 
Does anyone Else think that the credit cruch isnt so bad?,everything's half price!, i expect an array of rant's from fellow tweeters now. 
@taylormcfly they'll wake up soon lol! they are funny.. always up to no good 
@johncmayer It's nothing wrong with that.. She may be a hardcore cereal &amp; milk kind of girl. 
@mrnick yeah- good luck  I think maybe they *do* need to start planning earlier these days anyway- was a genuine question in my response!
@Dolly61 Seems not &amp; think of the duty free 
@DjDrock that's what's up.. keep me posted 
@bbrathwaite I'm doing ok - sarcasm and humor are on top volume which is a sign that I'm coping a lot better than I'd expected.  pain. ...
@david973 sure thing  ill add you to friends list
@adrianlynch  definitely food for thought, for me anyway.  Thanks for sharing your experience with me.
@hkFashionGeek see? Why can't people with common sense make these kinds of decisions? 
@reneilim don't fret!  think of the praise they'll give you once your projects are done 
@saffrontaylor just being honest you 
@TomFelton he'll be okay, he's got you... and his teddy  anyway, tell him all of us tweeps give him our best!
@kendraNicole_ i kno... but i just like to ask anyway  lol
@murphyz  4x is good going. Also discovered that you can disguise it with a cough just like with *bullshit*. The possibilities are endless
@darkeclipse5 ur going to seaworld? niice. i'm having a nice kickass party and going to see no doubt/ paramore 
@roscar sort of I guess 
@cameronhellmuth hey cutie follow me 
having an emo moment. going through a hard time. need some fun. tired of tennis. shoulder hurts. damn volleys. needs a hug. stayin strong 
@Meriliese yeah... its rather unfortunate... they don't go away but you eventually learn how to see them coming from a mile away  &lt;3
@soulcookie that's a pretty good rule to use on the weekends 
@LiLCC323 yeah I don't think anything can get me out of the house right now 
@kebbby sure  http://www.hotfudgeandfries.multiply.com but its for private  its nothing compare to yours lol 
the best things in life are free   like catching the bus at 4am with your chippy you bought with tip money =D lolol
@katlilytwit Ugh, don't even pay attn to me when i'm like that. It was really nothing that serious. I am, as they say, a loose cannon. 
@miaannisa What kind of check-up did you have? 
@FrVerona thank u my love...u've shown me the light   fuck that...nothing would be left to the imagination there...
@greencarrie What else on your agenda besides interviewing awesomeness? 
it really didn't result in anything more than a false proclamation via facebook, of all things LOL, i'm so glad ryan is decent 
not midgets, but fairly short anyway 
@UHMANDUHPLEASE rorsley real thread made of drammz soon, y/y? 
@hdavidson11  fantastic me too!! 
@ElainaAvalos I don't follow the celebs, but anything sports related gets my adrenalin pumping! 
@terhys awww adam haha that's super cute. maybe you need to start playing basketball with him, and you'll get a picture too 
@Bookgirl6 it wasnt me, was it, if so I'm sorry anyway 
@forensicmama It definately supports the theory... good to know. 
@ScottATaylor no prob...thank @lizziegolightly ...she wrote it...a veritable wealth of music &amp; pop culture knowledge 
Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on 
@newrichjulian i am always optimistic, always  enterprising, &amp; never satisfied... but i am not a  gardener..  
i spy with my little eye something beginning with &quot;M&quot; hint im in living room! get your guesses in 
@xxAnnaSxx xD yeah same with me  Especially because of the time difference with the other ones .  i'm fine too, thx 
I am tired............. But I'll have to work anyway 
@ComedyQueen Yes it is, its where no mess exists, I am rich &amp; fabulous &amp; all I do is fly off to different countries everyday!  x
@ash_incomprendo my creativity is gone wit u.. so whn ya com bak things will get better.... 
@StevenGhysel  don't like this kind of magic ;-)
Writing my very first ever twit and trying to find out what's all the fuss about twitting! 
Why is it that being hungover always makes you so horny? Doesn't make any sense, must be some science to it... anyone? 
.@FakerParis yeah the time difference is just perfect so we can come at one another like freight trains when we wake up  #noundiessunday
If you have the will to win, you have achieved half your success! If you dony, you have achieved half your failure! think about that 
@joesoko yeah i keep missing those type questions on the pre-test, wish a book was like a drug you can just smoke &amp; you retain the info 
is getting a strange vibe...i have a feeling somthing good is coming my way.  lets hope. pray for me  http://tinyurl.com/ca2d6s
@hiway sure will do  but there are sooo many actually..in orkut i can dedicate one whole album but in twitpic i don think that's there..
@katemicucci make sure it's the curly kind... 
@xxxpantherxxx you shold do so! ;P anyway, take care! 
Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on 
@ashlinicole anytime anything tastes like dog shit, stop tasting it... k? 
@chaseITEOE your always wanted around me 
@sunnydeefan3 lol... I am glad we can relate somehow.  
@ElkaBr yeah I think that's important. I think kids give ur life a deeper sense  and that's necessary for getting happy
@joshtastic1 pretty good then  still, it's all in the taking part, huh?!? dog staring at me....hmmm....might need to go soon! 
@mde I can't imagine anything more fun  PS: I can't move my legs.
@ooh_its_vonnie beach gets nicer as p90x changes startvto show 
@inspectorsarit Only with my amazing superpowers of turning depression into optimism in a single tweet!  oh and I'm sure better stuff too 
@DDubsTweetheart same thing, just takin care of my litter of kids too. Outside in the nice fresh air  and my trusty twitterberry on hand
Wow it is odd to see everything so green... guess this is what happens when you get rain...my trumpet vine even has buds 
@dickgaida  how i met your mother,big  bang theory, fringe,csi, oh and road rules\realworld challenge   
@skywriting by the same do you mean that the chairs were stuck to the floor?  LOL i miss tali! great times!
wooo! Using guy deordorant isn't really all that bad in my opinion seeing that it last longer 
@TiffanyDow omgosh... well, I guess that's kid-napping of a different sort. 
@wtfthersnonames so was that urs or did u find it somewhere? I'm just  truly glad u think that way  not a lot of ppl do 
@terranaomi it could be so cool of you made a cover of zombie by Cranberries...just a thought 
@JaviLovesPizza no don't worry, some of us are like that but I'm not, I'm the nice, feed you bacon and maple syrup kind of Canadian 
ive done a little revision guide for i know why a caged bird sings, anyone want a copy? its off spark notes thing, 
@0nliHUMAN all they want to do is cyber stalk anyway lol (its cute but not necessary) 
@erikkajayne I think the reason a lot of the single guys you know realize the veracity behind that quote and choose not to fall in love 
@MaryAliceHale i wear converse more i dont really like flip flops the make that floppy noise (no wonder the call them flip flops hehe) 
@smart0y lol, sure whatever you say... bes I understood 3/4 of it, its all good 
Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on 
@BalderKongen But if I had to guess, I'd say maybe 1,000 over 3 services.  I'll ask though 
she seh ah me she hate...she me worsa don' like 
@m0php of *course* I do! haha No, anything to do with space fascinates me 
right claire needs to revise more again, but im distracted by nothing  godsake cant even use #mcfly as an excuse ;)
@Javamomma I'm clean &amp; pure lol studies done....well...not really...but let's pretend ive done all homework 
@DaPrbmChild lol yes! because i'm a horrible speller &amp; it catches all my mistakes so nobody knows i really cant spell 
@xxPat  hehe. im ok  kinda feel weird. tummy hurts and im a little scared. going to the dentist 2morrow (weissheitszahnOP)
@LAGalaxy shoot, invite me down to the field too ;). I've been here since 10ish!  
@BoricuaJimmy stop whining there are worse things in the world than not being in 1st class like starving kids and losing a fave lip gloss 
haha my mom thought the window was down in the bmw so she attempts to throw something out but slams her hand hard. funny. 
@decembabreeze heyyy mama! and alright now!  i knew somebody besides me could use that word 2day!! 
fun little party. was more like a nice calm get together but either way it was nice to see everyone and get tons of gift cards 
@FlyByMusic I like the black and gold, especially the infinity sign actually, would you believe identical to my myspace... good taste!! 
@wellyjulz I'm re thinking the winter boyfriend thing. I'm kind of jsut into someone I'm into  have also bought socks. nearly as good ;)
@wellyjulz I'm re thinking the winter boyfriend thing. I'm kind of jsut into someone I'm into  have also bought socks. nearly as good ;)
@juliaroy 600 clickthru's to the page vs 70 actual plays. that would be my guess. 
mind to be &quot;hacker&quot;... someday somehow 
@troytaylor86 great goal, keep me posted, I'd love to assist in anyway possible 
@nazra Haha..really?..usually the one that I see on t.v are the pak cik kind..not the hot guy kind 
S/o 2 @richjones4 gettin at @illiedakid 4 me  lol
@Wunderr oh haha. I don't remember anything about a sand phone 
@raymondberg god I scared you with that story huh?  Hopefully not too much permanent damage has been done.  
@RobPattinson444 just wanted to say think your great and your a wonderful actor 
im a nerd magnet. its quite official. but i picked the right one 
is writing fanfic.  the SLASHY kind.
@Punk_fairy see the trending topics thing on the side? all you have to do is type #3hotwords or #3turnoffwords then your answers to play! 
@llewmarsh good blog sweetie. keep it up. hows the music biz? need my voice for anything? 
@feelme oh that one? right. denying knowing you in any sense of the word. 
i didn't know where to turn to.  i haven't been using this in awhile. hiii 
another korean dinner, with a little special surprise for dessert... kind of everyman default fantasy... or did I say too much 
@Anansha yeh kind of.... I found a flat and all just haven't had the chance to live in it yet! the weather is gorgeous out here 
@davidchun none at all, scientifically. just mother nature dealing with climate change &amp; tectonic plate movement my friend 
@john_larkin LOL... well at least you remember that you did something... wonder when we'll be able to google &quot;what did I just do?&quot; 
@joexxx you alright joe?! Anything happen beside you.. hope ur safe 
@allthatglitrs21 not sure if what I just said makes sense-it does to me, im sure whatever u come up with will be beautiful  sweet dreams x
@yonasu gee, your like my dad. He likes prison break 
@TheRealJoyia oh ok that's cool ... How was ur day . By the way I enjoy following u , u always have something good to say 
Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on 
Tweeting this late or early as the case may be is kinda like talking to yourself...lol. With the exception of @TheRaptorRocks anyway 
@shanedawson anyway, she loved it as well 
@LexaShmexa bugger I live on the other side of the world and miss out the fun, ooh well, there are worse things in life 
@peteboov if anyone offers u a clapping monkey send it my direction! ive been after one a while 
@ taylorswift13 &quot;every sky was your own kind of blue&quot;. i don't think a better set of lyrics could have been written. well done 
@dorothyjburt aha - fair enough  been gallivanting have you of late?
@funnykeithlyle cool blog mention! she's right, u deserve a reward for keeping us all in the loop. sounds like u made a +ve impression x 
@moschuttel so what do u do? job, studies etc... if u dont mind... i think this is the best way to know someone 
breakfast tiem! think i'll have frosted shreddies 
@llordllama don't think it's the eating kind 
@HoptonHouseBnB sorry for causing a breach of the peace! ... try this one instead to calm everything down ? http://blip.fm/~6iogf 
@fadilnet -- lol! Definitely would take the crazy beard out of the equation, lol. 
I guess that tweet made sense to muartist3there but it didn't make any sense to me...but I do like cake. I guess you had to be there. 
@LiveToLoveMcFLY hahaha i know what you mean!  but he looks better in 3D didnt think that was possible :p
gosh, I'm full. :p maybe I should give my computer a rest already.. 
@johnnybarba uhh-mazz-in  not good if your starting a diet like me though haha
@liviu31 No you don't, it's just a trick to get your mind of the war .. 
bigup everyone following us, we appreciate the support. here's a brand new funky mix from mak10 4u: http://www.sendspace.com/file/lq63o0 
Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on 
got a real crave for a cool beer! can someone please send me some to work? 
think the waiting might have paid off... finally 
oh, and try not to let my mind go to crazy places... it stresses the one i like and i don't want to do that... 
aaaaahhhh hot chocolate always does the trick 
@FOTB thats right!  it was only a little joke! i understand why its not! i shouldn't have said anything...
@wildarmsheero Now what's better than a quiet ojousama anyway? Except a tsundere ojousama, that is 
@EbonySteele @RickeySmiley it's like comparing fruit loops to raisin bran, don't do it 
yeah.......no upgrades.....not the best but its a pass mark so i dnt really mind! 
@undercoverginny no you won't! No more than usual, anyway  I wish I had a portable radio. I'm getting so old(and addicted to @rayfoley :S)
@BenAnspach that sucks!  just act crazy and they'll dismiss you 
Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on 
thanks for all the votes for me at www.fearlessmusic.com  come find me on facebook too if you're into that sorta thing 
Still have a bunch of odds and ends to do today, should easily get everything done though 
@farruska I'm sure karma's not done yet, let it fill up the rage gauge 
when everything seems to being going crazy there is always that one person to make the waters calm thanks sis. 
@refaktor Cebelca.bzzzz  Sounds lightweight enough. What kind of apps do you plan to put there?
@primdollie yeah, that school sure keeps us from our play time  LOL
@jenimc That's always my favorite kind 
ooh, highest score so far, 53%  awarded to rachel ? psst. that was quick you guys! good going 
@dapbim ohhh lots of drama  think the highlight was a couple who I got the impression they work together and fancy an office romance 
I always thought an extremely high rate of idea-flow was a talent to be proud of, but now I desire nothing more than having a quiet mind 
anyway...i find it ))sooooo strange,but cool  http://tinyurl.com/qokwx2
Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on 
believe in yourself! never let anything get in your way of reaching your dream. lock in. be fearless!  you're worth it!! you can do it!
@findle i like your thinking 
@stevepohlit That positive thinking! 
@stephenfry Smiled abt y/reaction but  if u want to have an idea of a 5, 6 or more figure number u often have to convert it into pics 
would u accept rejection just like how u accept things u can't change? how abt making the worse situation to ur best expectations. 
@sbrondum hey baby still trying to figure this out but anything that helps us stay in touch so far away is cool wit me 
@BoringBoo aw thanks, nice to know someone cares  been busy trying to sort out my house, getting ready to move. How's things with you?
@codedor I know you live in LedeBronx but we're still far (and it's a pity) from that kind of entrepreneurship reaching us overhere 
ok guys. its almost 9:40pm i need to sleep early haha.  ill post something here if i can when i not down in my bed. haha. 
Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on 
The hit list is great, at nothing beats the simplicity of SimpleTask. 
@windzackie but thanks anyway 
@aishaquandt true but im 100% legal  not that id admit anything but on a public forum lol
@lkenner @JumpNegative ( u sure u want to go for brownies..hear she has trouble w/even the box kind..hmm..you cud get to see her vids tho 
@superbadgirl will do   You're indespensable, anyway 
Going downtown  I'm going to try and forget how much homework i have when i come back tonight... shit screw you history.
@JordanSykes nope, mother just wanted to collect something so i went with! got mcdonalds actually  english lit won't be fun!
right, this is getting nothing done!!  computer is going off till later, well...ok, just one more game of bejeweled blitz then 
@batailley The way I see it, anything I say is just marketing speak, right? But I will give u a special link to join.  http://tiny.pl/zrn2
@CMCx so your like pretty much my height.  ;p
@sdweathers You looked great anyway! I bet you had fun 
Just woke up... I'm kinda enjoying the fact that I don't have anything to do right now hahaha.. still sooo tired.. explain that one! haha 
@RyanSeacrest ur hair look gud by the way,i knew spikes wud suit u  u looked cool! n yes v know they r real for sure!
@mav485 sure, gimme a couple of mind to find my charger and I'll be there. 
@squishymatter one less thing to worry about anyway ;) And don't worry about the typos. It's late anyway. 
@gulpanag try reading 'outliers: the story of success'... might seem totally absurd but triggers a thought process 
@ElizabethBanks He deserved it - if nothing else just to see the shocked looks on the judges' faces - priceless! 
@junetang6 wedding guess list? 
@stillpixels that's okay, i'm a lazy stalker with a short attention span. 
@brookandthecity what kind of piercing you get? I'm getting one soon too 
@BobbyBKdreams  travis? didnt think so neighbor 
@marlissadessy what kind of surgery? 
@selves aww thanks  I'm sure it will come... got a movie on. giving it time. got someone to call in case of nightmares.
I've added an eleventh commandment...honor thy ears and soul... @honorsociety &lt;--everyone follow them, it's part of the sacred law 
@PaulReddick1 thanks for the kind words- how much do i owe you for saying this again  
late night phone conversations are the greatest- my little heart goes pitter patter the whole time  just getting me more and more hooked!!
@cheekygene do you feel like when we talk that you get thrown into a whirlwind or disillusion and confusion.  its cool hey
@Angeleenie haha!  &quot;whatever whatever&quot;   pick a show and come have fun.  www.myspace.com/petehopkins nite now!
@Freakinaris yeah sure.. haha. wait, can i ask u something? if u don't mind.. 
@Anujaah ahhh I never knew you're a fish! guess that's the correct term 
have ever dream of sumone that u sumtimes avoid him, and sumhow when u see him again, u feelin sumthing? or means im under his spell? 
Oh. Itll be an interesting night. Drinks with the gang followed by 8am class 
@dbxii that's the best kind! 
@xdidi lol cute new pic... did u only just really realise? 
@sheb57 Ohmigosh, that was strange. At least my eyebrows were good though... 
Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on 
Now theres something u dont see everyday  good girl 
@noraalessa hmm perhaps I will do what you did and just have both  seems like a reasonable solution.. best of both worlds
@armchairdude bing? lolz have to see what are the functions, if makes us blink with amazement , then good idea 
my body is so sore it's almost funny  i'm not made for this thing, crazy crowds and rock shows, tho i love it
@anthonymcg strum random strings in an attempt to create an illusion of music of some sort... 
@vancheese he says that ours is a much nicer piano and that when it is fixed it will sing beautifully  It was made in 1873
Wearing my special red gloves... In an illusionary state of feeling good abt myself 
pooped. purged some stuff in the attic. whew.  glad i'm almost halfway done 
I'm working on my new personal website. When its done I will tell you guys.....trust me! 
@GrrrlRomeo  still shy as hell though!  makes no sense! were the odd in a nerdy manner?  
@hipichic nannying. think i got it 
@Kaschua &quot;[You] don't take good pictures 'cuz [you] have the kind of beauty that moves.&quot;  
scratch t-shirt shop idea. i've moved on to  doing the bookstore thing instead.  oh, my fickle fickle mind.
Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on 
haha tonight was ridiculous but still fun hahah. anyway.. goodnightt 
@ladybug8320 yes things fantastic in my part of the world, how about yours   nice to hear from you
@MariahCarey cant wait for your new album and brilliant title. everyone is an imperfect angel 
@vixbrad The new one? Much better than the last pile of poo! 
@beckywhite score. I just need to photocopy it to prove i'm a good little teacher. um no worries about education doesnt matter. 
@LAMBDangerZone Folish me: It's been done, recorded and podcasted! haha, listen 
@PADDYROCKER bring me your memory stick, I have tons of #music for you  to put you in a fantastic-sing-along-and-dance kinda mood.
@frak I not doing as well as you but I' m awake...kind of,  and thank you for the #followfriday again  x
haha!! @steevbishop I didn't eat my tea there which i think was key - made sure I had space for this monster  and it was shared between 4!
With ursula and kate  kind of i am sitting on my own :|
@KarenHartnell I know - it's a scary thought!  I'm sure I'll get the blame somehow... 
@I_am_eefje me too me too me too 
@kiltiechristy I am blessed to have this happen.... really... 
@Almajo It's basically any kind of food cooked in a type of batter, and it's really hard to get right.  They managed, though! 
@Jantunstill haha wonder why? is yours still in a pot? 
@TVXQUKnow Of course that is a dream of many ppl, including me  But I really dont want those things make you feel pressure, oppa ^^~
@SorenLorensen yeah! congratulations, nothing more satisfying than home made muffins 
@aalaap oh that way. I remember writing awesome viruses and sending them as links in my teenage years though 
@aussienick  I thought so - made the rest of the campsite wonder where the grinding and frothing sound was coming from 
@Muddkids  yep working on a robot- sort of retro style, but there are too many opinions about it 'round here  kid's with a voice! hmph!
@ChefNathanLippy  yeah pretty much. ive always loved food. loving cooking whenever i get a chance 
I'll run to you, until I can't stand on my own anymore. 
@brittahnayy I will. Whatever jiggy means. 
In this hell hole for the rest of my liiife I miss my shanety &amp;+ steven 
@omgitsmichele @ashleyxd dont forget to buy me something 
Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on 
follow @qgtor1 ..whenever i'm feelin down  and crappy he always has a nice  comment for me...he cheers me up everytime 
@jasmynrenee always buddy, always. 
PEople come and folow me 
@strangegods If  you don't we'll stone you! And I mean the bad kind of stone, not the good kind! 
ugh! its too damn early for drama! let me drink my coffee in peace withough dramafying anything... gosh! lol I said dramafying  ahahaa!
@tiffanyrfox You can borrow one of ours if you like. But you'll have to go to the attic to get it yourself. 
@HilzFuld My guess: having an engaging personality 
@pzmyers I am geek enough to be entranced by the thought of uploaded consciousness, though. 
@pat_002 I have an appointment somewhere else, i can't ditch so yeah. heard it was fun though 
@tony_e no worries dude, it's on hold at the moment anyway until it has been marked, didn't want to risk updating after the deadline 
@exotkprncss that's the price of love i guess lol, sounds like a nice guy, u're lucky 
#followfriday @enhance_me beautiful enhanced pictures completely unique - think I might get myself one of the kiddies 
trying to focus on code - hard w/so much sunshine out there. Allergies not withstanding want to go out &amp; play. (and mess w/new camera  )
@dominik You are a gardener, just not the usual kind 
all looped out on allergy meds.  something's got to work.. this attack my eyes are watering.. i'm outta control 
@DougH @Phonescooper I guess my reputation proceeds me. 
gone crazy from the moment i met you 
@harsha if the team u support loses generally then u know which to support right  anyway i don't want to expect anything from blr team.
My gold sandals is gay,but my feet look nice in em 
2 periods of bio. its like a free 
@gabbler oo okay though it may automatically switch itself to an older one. as i tried to alter it and it did nothing..i suspect delay 
i wonder how many times i have to bitch about work before someone sends me a joke to cheer me up *ahem* hint hint *ahem* 
@simoncurtis what does that symbol on your wrist mean? I have seen it in some of your twitpics and it looks cool. 
@Djmorales follow follow me!!!! 
@beaurosser I must've missed something. Namely, your descent into retard hell. Here's to finding a real job so you can feel human again. 
@chakdePAK haha yeah it's mixed emotions i think i am used to the freedom! but i think it will be fine  excited to be around the family!
@BrendaHorton I can empathize &amp; admit to the 'seatbelt sling' on short hops around my island (looks like it's on but it's actually not 
@RealAudreyKitch haha yeah that's the kitch spirit.  ill make them learn a lesson first tho lol
@ShedaBeda im not about to change up cause their losing this series. thats not what a fan does. anything can happen. 
@yankeefoxtrot Some good stuff there - the BCNH in particular. Of course, as with much bird photography, reach is a major constraint. 
@macbuddydev Its pretty good. 
@jordanknight You and your guess who's and quiet storm playlists...got us @replying like crazy... 
@jordanknight your song is on now please listen  if you can  its pretty
@megsie04  yeah but it didnt change anything.. por homosexual people  The world will never learn that change is a good thing.
@nickolaswriter No defense neccesary - just sayin' I don't answer unless I have something relevant to add to the conversation 
convertible O.o what kind? can we have some sparks to? i like sparks 
@deannapellerin oh, how profound your question is my friend! i'm sure there is some deep psychological implication there...somewhere 
@mileycyrus expirience, but I could only imagine :/ well, I love you no matter what! You keep doing what your doing! 
@rachel1975 by all means, take advantage of the underlings!!! otherwise, what's the good of being an overlord? overlordette? overlady? 
@VidaMapatis i want to be a therapist  i am a psych major pretty much done i just like to take random classes here and there
@LMMantion I thought it might be some kind of mandate. I better check google earth to see what color my roof is 
http://twitpic.com/61g5j - I hate when street lights go out as I walk under them. (just got this from a website, pretty cute one.) 
@FLWbooks whoa whoa whoa...am a die hard purist...let's not throw that comparison around carelessly  
@WeaponUnleashed Does this mean you're feeling better? 
@MissKeriBaby what your drunk off of..and nothing wrong with being salty..let it out..release...relieve..relax! 
@OUBad I would have NO clue how to fix it  hee hee! What kind was it??
@TabithaSnow it's the thought that counts  *scratching and itching all over*
@julesoir yes mexico comes to bellevue hill! a plate of sheet glass ain't nothing compared to this 
@jammymusician I like how your having very in depth conversations with everyone while I am graciously naming your gummy bear? LOL 
@Geekwife ohhhhh gotcha! it makes sense now 
@yomissb youll feel better with the singleage stuffs when u get past the anger/grief stages &amp; enjoy it for what it is  dont have to be bad
@BusaBusss hello guys have a nice and easy time in studio wouldn t want you to get too tired 
@wonderwoman9197 nooo just wait  and when he's there take a liitle more time to &quot;finish&quot; your make up or something that way he'll see...
@DanHorn Lol I know! Why you think I posted!  everyone lies @ times but hell try to be creative and somewhat believable
@AKathBilsky lol was totally kidding! ggeezzz  guess your not used to my humor yet?
@lmcnelly some might say i was screwed anyway.  #2wkfilm
@RobKardashian I love that song!! its kind of an oldie, but goodie! 
@makeupbymario i love that kind of make up.. 
@dnaemerson ooohhh.... hiking where? and which thrift store? anything good? 
@califona Yesssssss I was waiting for the rinq it was nice in a crazy kind of way cuss he dident tell me until I caught him in the act 
@infovestment risk appetites and reward chasing back in vogue  fear of losing long forgotten. good ol' days. u remember that joke about
hold on to whatever you find latley, hold on to whatever will get u through. I don't trust myself with loving you.. love you john mayer! 
@ChloeFlashDance what?  just being honest lol
@lainiep I'm such an adamant coffee guy, but I'm going to subscribe anyway -- just try and convert me! 
getting ready for next lupus awareness event guest...drum roll...anyone out there know  @gardenJess ?  
@final_thought hooray for the good news! 
@mark_ca don't even try to blame me. that's your schtick and nobody's buying it  so busted.
@jenn85 haha no prob with others celebrating the win if their team beats ours.. friendships/aquaintences should run deeper than that 
@shelbydotjpeg nothing creepy about being in the beard fan club 
@AlphaMares Just a thought 
@amandel77 Lol, power drill...  yeah I suppose you're right. That could be taken a few ways. Haha 
@headlinepayoff @emokidlynn i'm back  my brain feels like a shit bag but i'm back. how are you?
@designthinkers even the thought is appreciated 
want to give a lil' surprise for mikoo.. 
my room looks more suitable, maybe ill decide 2 take a pic of it morrow so u guys can see. fit for an edgy princess/warrior/lone wanderer 
Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on 
@fartingpen hmmmmm.... looks like they are taking you handle in some other sense ... 
@al3x email is wonderful. one of the reliable communication tools that exist. it could use some love, but nothing touches it 
@wanttobelieve Must have been quite an experience. Would love to do a climb like that if I were in any sort of shape 
xalos tomorrow nite...maybe, so now i have a somewhat good excuse to go buy a cute outfit 
@dcorsetto I love how that little space between the two at the bottom of the last panel tells the joke, nice 
@lushbaby420 I read yours...but I must admit your kind of evil because now I'm telling myself that it must be 420 somewhere 
@mattsches I already made that mistake and type bling.com instead of bing.com 
@marshallk They're the best kind. 
 @ivegotzooms I am nothing of the kind and everything of the sort http://tr.im/mLsn
@homelife82 i don't know where to get one! we get served,anyway 
@elineof not a problem babe...i think our time zones are way different...we barely get to interact...it's a bummer,coz u're super sweet 
@hunnykitten84 Give me ur opinion of it when ur done 
just came to work, to see that something wet is dripping on my desk from the ceiling! that's cool working environment 
.@dotdotdotcomic bah!! it'll be a short-term problem  solar power and robots will meet everyone's needs. consumerism will drive that
@miraclelaurie No worry, we're a patient bunch. 
Wow. the mass effect 2 e3 teaser is short but nothing short of awesome 
@nzclothnappy heh no don't have the ingredients it sounds good though 
@trexsandwich that is sort of crazy 
