Most common words for this cluster:
[('anyone', 307), ('anybody', 68), ('na', 46), ('wan', 29), ('today', 20), ('day', 20), ('want', 18), ('know', 16), ('work', 12), ('http', 11), ('lol', 10), ('job', 10)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Anyone', 0.9742386341094971), (u'Anybody', 0.8821732401847839), (u'anyone', 0.7064301371574402), (u'Everyone', 0.6807659268379211), (u'Someone', 0.6801763772964478), (u'Nobody', 0.6384735703468323), (u'someone', 0.6111048460006714), (u'ANYONE', 0.6066065430641174), (u'Everybody', 0.5992892384529114), (u'nAnyone', 0.5761418342590332)]





Anybody willing to help me??? I've been trying to make a sad tune on the piano for a new song but it always ends up happy and bright  ???
My girl @tjlefebvre is missing! Anyone seen her this evening? 
No O2 GPRS  Anyone else with issues?
Ugh studying today. I need a study place/study buddy! Anyone into it?! Its also lovely out   fuck the leaving cert.
I was stuck in bed all day yesterday with the most savage of migraines  Was absolute torture... Anyone else get something similar at all?
Gotta leave for work soon  Anyone fancy going for me?
Anyone else having @github fail this morning? 
I just got a lot of free shot up my nose. Gross. Anyone find my keys? 
Figures that I'm sick as a dog on the nicest day of the year so far... Anyone wanna play frisbee with a sickie? 
Anyone online? 
Anybody want my mobile number, im all alone with nobody to talk to 
I can't believe it's 7pm already! Had such a good day. Anyone know how to cope without a mobile? I obv. work too far away to give it up 
Anybody got any ideas for relieving a trapped nerve in my shoulder... this is agony!! 
trying to meet anyone who likes We Are Scientists as much as i do 
Now it's starting to cool off. I hate the heat!! Anyone else still awake out there. I'm stupid tired right now 
Anybody want a pittbull puppy. I have 4 right now that are making me wana run away 
I don't want any hydroxycut.  Nothing interesting is happening right now.  Anyone has pineapple express?  Tired of DTV commercials 
No pictures  Anyone know a good chapter to read whilst on train?
I broke my 4x5 ground glass.  I curse myself! Anyone know where I get new ground glass?
got the letter to say I am not going to SA with ACTSA   Anyone want a volunteer for part of the summer??
Anyone seen my wallet??? 
Anyone have tips on handling a fest by yourself? Only thing I'm worried about is not being able to see the stage, as I'm short 
I'm really at a loss as to why people abuse animals, children and elderly people.  Anyone actually. 
I hate my job  Anyone wanting design, web development or any other arty work please let me know so I can leave here.
I hate my job  Anyone wanting design, web development or any other arty work please let me know so I can leave.. http://tinyurl.com/d6rmh2
I hate my job  Anyone wanting design, web development or any other arty work please let me know so I can leave.. http://tinyurl.com/d4kb52
Yay broken down on my bike. Anyone know how to fix the ignition circuits of a 99 suzuki sv650 
... AND I woke up w/ my right eye swollen shut from that bee sting last weekend! AHHHHHH!! Anyone have any big sunglasses I can borrow? 
But I just can't seem to sleep.  this suuucks. And there's never anything on at this time on Sunday mornings. Anyone else notice that? Lol
Anybody here ... I feel alone 
Anyone want to feed me? I'm starving and lazy 
I can't sleep.  Anyone still up?
Random thought of soda shoes... Anybody wear those hideous white rubber monster shoes circa hmmm 12 years ago??? Lol I did 
Ready to go in language school but what i really NEED is a private teacher... Anyone??? ok let's go to this old women teacher then 
Oh no, one of our skylights is leaking rain   Anyone know how to fix a Fakro window?
Anyone want to offer to do my exam for me 2moro? I just can't concetrate/understand it! 
why is it so hard to stick with a diet?? Anyone know of an easy one?? 
No jokes, this might be disgusting, but I'm ready to fuck tonight. Anyone. Boy or girl. I think my relationship with the boy is slipping 
What could someone do for mother's day since they no longer having a mom that is living? Anyone ever though of us before? Sad day for me 
I need a hug  ... Anyone?
I don't know what I want for my birthday  Anyone know of anything I should ask for?
I need someone to hangout with after church. Anyone? 
Anybody know who's hiring? I'm looking for a new job. If I don't get out of my current one I might kill myself 
Anyone there?!!!!!!!!!!!  
I'm bored with studying  still have to do it through. Anyone reccommend a good fantasy/romance book?
I'm going to have to start auditioning for @bigbassist1701 's replacement. He leaves us for Poland soon  Anyone wanna be on CoMutiny?
@at3sparky I'm very sorry to hear that   Anyone you want me to beat up for you?
Just been playing an old favorite: x-wing!  Anyone out there still have the instruction manual?  I have forgotten some of the keys.  
 Anybody up for Wonderland tomorrow? Pfsh like everybody's dead or something.
No go on selling the tix  Anyone interested in going- I can email them to u. Otherwise, headed home.
@oneofthosefaces I don't know!  Anyone got any good contacts?!
I just realized why Twitter is useless to me. Anyone I want to keep track of plays guitar or is dead. And also, no one follows me. 
Seriously people!!! I wrote and recorded my song for @taylorswift13 now how do I get it into her hands?!?! Anyone have any connections? 
@Devangel74 Anyone with half a brain knows you would never hurt anyone intentionally. Unfortunately, it's part of life 
Dentist today  Anyone want to let me hold their cyber hand?
@purrsikat I see hardcore and psytrance but no dnb  Anyone feel like putting on a dnb night? :p
Anyone else feel alone tonight 
No serious photography for the past 2 months  Any1 in Delhi doing any photo walk etc over weekend? Tughlaqabad Fort, Anyone? -
@godfatherobie  I'm @ work and missed everythin yesterday but don't know wot? Anybody
my iMac's died  keeps cutting out for no reason. Anyone recommend a good mac place for service / parts? Think I need a new power supply
I really need to lose weight. Anybody wanna be my exercise-buddy? 
Anybody seen @MissPlush??? Where is my Twinster 
Anyone know what to do when your pc keeps restarting itself? 
Anybody want to bring me lunch?  
Anybody have advice on who to use for printing biz cards besides Overnight (bad experience) &amp; PsPrint, each biz card = sep. project = 
Trying to stay awake  Anyone have any tips how to keep yourself awake @work?
Anyone have some advice??? I need it!! 
I hate how MS makes me feel. I can't control my legs 2nite &amp; am in too much pain - it's driving me crazy  Anyone else get those moments?!!
Anybody else experiencing painful slowdowns with facebook? 
@hellokatzchen  Anyone who can wear Victoria's Secret must submit pictures for the rest of us who cannot. My secrets must stay secret. 
Hey #YEG !!!!! Anyone goin to the Edmonton Energy game and wanna do some live updates? PLEASE!!!! They dont post live scores 
Anybody heard from @SexyCougar I miss her 
&quot;Going to the dog races tomorrow.. Need companyy.  Anyone up to it should text me: 8134945146&quot;
I think I'm gonna throw up  Anyone else watching the game?
was just joking about forties with Jackson, and it made me miss Kingdom of Loathing.  I really should start playing that again. Anyone in?
I need distraction after event in here!! Anyone who's in jogja,pls take me anywhere tonite 
thinking of buying a snazzy new jacket for the 10th but I hate clothes shopping. Anyone want to lift this burden from me? No? Thought not 
Anyone bringing me to the standout event? 
The chasing season is very non-existent this season  Anybody going to Pierre, SD 2day for possible superecells? 2far 4 me. 14hrs away
The chasing season is very non-existent this season  Anybody going to Pierre, SD 2day 4 possible superecells? 2far 2day. 14hrs away
The chasing season is non-existent so far  Anybody going to Pierre, SD 2day 4 possible superecells? 2far 2day. 14hrs away.
Would anyone give.....oh only about $700 for a new TV?? Anyone?...No? 
Listening to TATW 270. Anyone else disappointed by episode 100 of Corsten's Countdown?  I thought it was rather boring. 
#bgt shame you cant vote in Ireland  P: Anyone notice that B G and T are in a straight line up on the keyboard?
Anyone want to do anything? 
Where'd everyone go?  Anyone there?
@Irrel Anyone whose a sane human being capable of sentient thought would know better. Unfortunately, not everyone over there qualifies. 
Anyone have a home they wanna give me? Anyone?...didn't think so 
Anybody wanna rub ma tummy? It hurts so bad....   never thought i say this but im bout to cry.....
Anyone know how to make pics smaller. I cant load one on here 
 Patrick is beautiful and I love him.  Anyone agree?
Going to try sleeping in these new sleepable contacts. scary. PS. Anyone know of any good vacationing spots? Lake Powell is no more 
Sorry I cant clear my updates my fellow folowers......No computer access  Anyone wanna fix my computer?
Hey world! Anybody still awake? I'm not ready to go to bed 
Anyone here? 
@_Freya YES!!!!! I wish I could watch the awards  Anybody streaming it?
Anybody wanna hang out today? 
Anybody know how to get rid of crows?  They are driving me wacko in the yard.  The cat gets scared so bad she can't go out to play.  
Anybody else have crias that like to chew? Isabella just chewed a hole in my shorts.  
I guess it happens to everyone eventually. Anyone wants to come with me to the apple store tomorrow ... iPhone problems 
@bing is very American. Anyone tried changing the locale to countries Other than united states? Results become pathetic 
can't believe i got up and ready to begin studying at 9am and bloody moodle's down!!  Anyone know if it's my server or the uni server??
Lead in bed, watching tv. I'm BOOORED  Anyone online I can twitter to? hehee
One vingette done-on powerpoint too! One to go! Anyone got any ideas cos I haven't 
Signed up for something this weekend that put me on a spam list  Or maybe Google's spam filter is broken. Anyone else getting more spam?
is loving this gorgeous weather!!!! Found our kitty yesterday...yay! Anyone have any tips on how to force an 11 year old to go to school? 
Anyone know how to get an animated avatar to upload? So far, no joy... 
All food gone. but, I want more  sad times. Never mind hey. Anyone following E3 coverage? I'm missing it cuz not anywhere near home yet.
Anyone seen @twilightnd97?? think she's gone missing 
What should I do today probably take my little sisters out..... 2 months till they go away to College  Anyone got any gift ideas?
Still can't change my picture.  Anyone help?
@LimaBeantheGrey oh no! I am sorry  Anyone I know?
HELP! Anyone know about computers? What's a 'motherboard faliure' and wtf is 'Bluescreen' and why do they make my comp shut off?! 
So I illegally acquired photoshop. Anyone have any pictures I can jazz up? I've missed photoshop soooo much 
My feet cramped up like crazy when I was running today   Anyone know how to make that stop?
@Aella_234 I didn't! Anybody who did is a meanie. 
Anyone uppp?  
Sigh, my Outlook is giving me problems. Anyone wanna help me troubleshoot? 
*whine whinge moan* I don't wanna work today.  It's chaos here and *I* have to sort it out... Anyone wanna meet for drinks at the beach??
Looking for somewhere in london that sells haggis... Anyone got any ideas? Neither of the supermarkeys in maida vale have it 
Trying to figure out stupid blogspots templates  Anyone know how to use it?
Wish there was a twitter app for mobile Facebook. Anyone know if there is? Loathing maths tonight. 4 periods of it tmrw. Methods=too hard 
My laptop goes dumb after resuming from suspend.  Trying to fix it. Anybody with similar prob on Ubuntu hardy?
Ugh. I'm laying in bed and can barely move coz if I do it's agony.  Anyone have a replacement hip?
is down with the flu  ... Anyone passing by Blockbuster later?
This morning it's 16 degrees outside but 26 degrees in our bedroom. Anyone tried one of those portable air conditioners? We had 2 fans on 
Anyone want to come over and finish unpacking for me 
@Hijutsu i admit  that's as bad as sniffing pickles eh ;) not that #drphil has tweeted anything at all though... Anyone following #drp ...
just realized that i have 15 days until my wisdom teeth get pulled.  Eeekkk!!!! Scary thought. Anyone out there already had theirs pulled?
'Up' at 1:30. Anyone interested in joining can reach me via text, tweet, phone call or smoke signal. Not spotlight, needs new bulb, sorry 
What, oh, what has happened to TwitPic? Anyone else having trouble? 
Needs more Robsten news!!! Anybody? Anybody? Anybody?? Poopy!! 
Can't watch Dexter this week! NO!  Absolutely gutted. Anyone know if you can watch it online anywhere?
Wants to hear some funny jokes to cheer her up!  Anyone have one? 
Now I'm craving Sangria. Anyone want to pick some up from the liquor store for me? I don't get off until 10pm 
Anybody have any tips on how to make a kitten even 50% less annoying? Or to stop biting me?! It's starting to hurt 
Anybody have a good home remedy to knock out a cold? 
Anyone awake?  I really can't sleep ...
Hey guys! Anyone awake? I woke up like an half an hour ago! I have a headache! 
Argh, I got 'abandoned' early! *dramatic-sob* Anyone up to owt that I can join in with? 
I want The Sims 3.  Anyone kind enough to give me one?  haha
It's raining once again in Orlando  About to get in the showerrr. Anyone wanna join ;) haha.
What up homedoggs? T:S was ok, no plot but shit gets trashed so it's pretty sweet. Am alone tonight, bad times. Anyone coming round? 
Totally bored.  Anyone in L/EL wanna do something? Being grown up isn't as fun without friends 
Anyone have a small  (but not too small!) animal trap they want to lend me? One I got is crap 
Anybody on 60mins see the story of the Xsoldier whos family died in the bushfires &amp; what he went through to try and save them? Really sad 
Anybody see '60 minutes' story of the x-soldier whos family died in the bushfires &amp; what he went through to try and save them? Really sad 
Yesterday was shitly boring hopefully a bit better today, I want to get out of lindsayfield today. Anybody up for going out for lunch 
I want to go to bingo today but no one wants to come  Anyone interested? 5:30 in Abington.
Anybody awake ...no? goodnight.  haha
I really want to go see walking with dinosaurs live! Anyone?! Also cant believe how badly its raining here, its June! 
Gonna be selling old eleanor soon.  The time has come. Haha. Anyone want a 1972 oldsmobile 442? Getting a vintage norton motorcycle or ...
Accordion concert this Saturday. Anyone know a way to stop hands from sweating?  I always get nervous and mess up from wet hands...
Hi all!!! I'm new at this. Anyone want to show me around? 
Anybody have any ideas to make a badass sunburn feel better!..  I'm in so much pain!
Anyone hiring? 
school  ... Fail. Anyone read 1984?
Anyone have any pepto i can borrow? Blehh 
I really want a female border collie and I can't find/afford one    Anyone have one not too expensive?
I need some time to chill. Someone to hang around wif. Everyone's busy  Anyone's free? Aiyay yay! - http://tweet.sg
At the end i'm sick at home and have so much pain in my stomach! Anyone tips? 
Think I should get out the fucking house.... these 4 walls are driving me mad  Cinema perhaps? Anyone wanna come?
I upgraded my tweet deck &amp; now it won't even open. Anyone else had this problem? 
 Where did it all go to? Anyone in Charlotte want to come out tonight and play flashlight tag with me? It'll be cooler with a big group
Anybody want to explain to my dog it's thunder not end of world?? On knee, off knee pant pant 
Anyone else desiring some warmth right now? I know I certainly am. 
I wanna watch TRANSFORMERS. Anyone own it?! I don't 
Photoshop just deleted all of my custom actions!!! I opened it up and they were GONE!!  Anyone know how to recover them??  
Anyone kno temporary fixes for toothaches?  #tooyoungfordentures
man I am having problems with Safari 4  Anyone else?
Jogging on the treadmill is making my leg sore between my achilles &amp; my calf. Stretches don't really work. Anyone have suggestions? 
I want flowers!  oh wait... I got some on my b-day. But still it's nice to get them for no reason! Anyone want to encourage my hubby? Lol!
Anyone local have a digital converter or the coupon for it they are willing to surrender? We didn't think about it for our camper.   
Anyone want to talk? I'm having a bad day 
Anyone know what's wrong with @thisisRyanRoss?   I feel bad when I read his tweets...
California ! Anyone wanna let me stay with them for a little bit?  i need to get outta here.
@acowboyswife that is *so* not begging!  If I had a credit I would totally give it to ya!    Anyone else have an istock credit for her?
packing, packing, and more packing  Anyone live in the south bay? Who do you use for TV service - oh and I have a tivo
it just got really cold in my room... I have to wrap myself up in a comforter to sit on my comp.   Anyone want to buy me a ceramic heater?
I'm really needy right now. Does anyone wanna come and cuddle with me? I promise I'll be good. I love cuddling. Anyone? 
lost access to my itunes account - and access to my music. Anyone know a way to strip DRM so I can play what's legally mine? 
Decaf taste funny to me  Anyone else think so?
I feel like crying looking at chemistry  Save me! Anyone?
lamenting I won't be at NECC this year   Will do as much as possible remotely. Anyone willing to keep me in the loop on streams?
you know what i desperately need now. Friends, sofa, film, pizza. Anyone?  x
Wants to go far far away from here. Anybody go any suggestions on where i can go??? 
Falling apart today. Limping around the office  Anyone know where I can get a parrot, monkey, eye-patch, clipper ship and minions?
ouch  My brain hurts. Anyone have a band-aid?  #learning_new_stuff_sucks_at_first
i have 2 xtra tix to #IgnitePhoenix tonight! Anyone need one? The ppl i intended to go with (@raquellee &amp; @cgtodd) cancelled at last min 
U wanna trade a 3yr old with the flu for one who's not sick, for the week? Any takers?... Anyone.... Somebody  lol
I keep getting errors when I try to update my tweetdeck!  Anyone know why?
made a delicious pot of sauce, but only has a 4-year old to share it with.   Anyone wanna come over for dinner?
Anybody know a secret voodoo trick to rid poison ivy?? Apparently nothing in stores or the Hospital can help me.... 
This d60 of mine is not worth the plastic used to build it... Anyone got a d200 they can throw my way? (or a d90!!!)  
I'm gonna spend my 21st alone in Italy this summer. Anyone want to visit? I don't wanna be alone 
Anyone awake out there besides me?  http://myloc.me/47S9
Anybody ??? 
Anybody knows someone in Indianapolis who might want a cute 1 year old Shar pei??? He's adorable and needs a home. 
Josh says Communities must take road trips.  Anyone have money for me to fund a HorizonWatch road trip as I have no budget.    #smm09
People are telling me that os 3.0 is only iPhone  and why do we have to pay? Anyone knows what does the new 3.0 do? What new feature?
Still no ideas where to go on vaca   Anyone know a nice Vaca place ??? Beach is preffered, NOT into sightseeing !!!
Anybody wanna go to the mall? 
help! I signed up for Daily Twittascope and I can't unsubscribe!  Anyone know how I can do this?
Trying to figure out why ALL my sites are down.  Anyone having issues with WordPress?
Anyone at the irvine rally want to rescue me? I feel so alone 
Anybody know of a great shampoo to remove dye??? it stained my carpet 
really wants to go on a cruise next year to the year after. Anyone want to go?? Ryan's an ass and doesn't want to go. 
Oh god... I feel as I'm about to puke. Anyone have a bucket? 
Moooooorning world! I have nothing to do today  Anybody wanna hang?
Anyone know of a virtual mtg program that allows video feed from webcam? www.gotomeeting.com does not   #fb
Short numbers for football again. Anyone want to play in Kilmacud at 6? 
You know when ur sick, they say u shld have pho bc it makes u feel better? Anyone wanna have pho today? I miss SLYM 
@bsmrocks Anyone else in the band and it would be a dead cert - unfortunately, mine looks like a mirror 
K, I forgot about my twitter account! Who's following me? Anyone?? I don't think I have any friends on here..... 
Wish I could write articles on my blackberry  Anyone got a cheap laptop for sale?
my bf said I can't learn a instrument yet because of money problems  Anyone want to teach a cute girl how to play a guitar or drums? =/
Anybody wanna donate Dodger bobble heads that they have extra? I'm missing some from last season and this season. 
im so flippin weak! I dont think i can go to work tom. Anyone wanna come visit me?? 
So who's awake/feels like texting me a story like they promised??? Hmmmm not colin  Anyone else?
Whyyy are drums so expensiiive?  Anyone wanna give me like $1,200? Hahah
Anyone want to buy me some new earphones? Yes? No? 
N97 web browser still not opening after soft reset. Anyone any ideas before i have to totally hard reset and reinstall everything 
http://twitpic.com/7q6x2 - Anybody Lol 
Sooo jealous that @haleykat + @JasonHellman are in Copenhagen!!  I miss it so much. Anyone have a job for me there?
Sooo jealous that @haleykat + @JasonHellmann are in Copenhagen!!  I miss it so much. Anyone have a job for me there?
Anyone up? I can't sleep 
@ work.  whatta day so far.. Anyone up to much tonight?  http://myloc.me/4rvS
Anyone get the new iPhone yet? I want one so bad but AT&amp;T coverage in my area is not very good  
#iphone order status is 'shipped' but no tracking number   Anyone know if Fedex requires signature for delivery?
Cant believe i did this.  not telling Anyone.
Missed the NHL awards show  How was it? Anyone? #squarespace
is EXTREMELY BORED!  Anyone play roblox?
The top is totally coming down on the way home today. But I forgot my sunglasses  Anyone got a spare pair?
Lifes so depressing right now. Anyone else agree or am I the only one ? 
213 999 5304 text it or call it. Get my mind off of being alone.  some one. Anyone
Anyone who can please pray for me?  I'm so much worse.
On a totally unrelated note, I feel guilty when I find old @replys addressed to me that I never responded to  Anyone else do this?
So...who's going to the idols tour concert?? Anyone going in illinois?? I hate that we have to wait til september 
My freakin power just went out! Grr. I was going to read new moon! Now i can't  i think the whole neighborhood is down. Anyone in for  ...
Checking out DSLR User Forum, first time in three weeks and site goes down.  Anyone else having problems accessing the site?
Lesson learnt, don't go cheap! Anyone know good plasterers,plumbers.. bathroom crumbling and going moldy! 
Keep getting this when I try and see a nearby or trend tweet  on tweetie. Anyone having same? http://twitpic.com/7w2lg
Looks like Ton just sent out the rejection letters for the Durian applications  Anyone else get one?
I'm hungerssss! Anyone got food? 
I'm bummed  my shoulder is still hurting, and I want to X this morning, but think it's a bad idea. Anyone have good cure for muscle pain?
My phone's mp3 player is acting up again. Just fixed it a week ago! Anyone know what's causing this? Last week's fix is not working now. 
Snapdragons have rust  Anyone found a treatment other than destroying plants?!
No gig tonight  We are sorry, tomo is bang on! Anyone catting ?
Anybody wanna buy my fuerza bruta ticket?  too sick to go. :'(.
No sure jel at the local winn dixie   No sure jel at walmart.  No jars anywhere.  Anybody know a good mailorder supplier?
Its Fathers day tomoro. Anybody know heavens address?  I miss you daddy, happy Fathers day
Just cannot get a job.. And its killing me. Anyone know of anything... Please let me know 
Let's go shopping.. Anyone? Anyone awake? Why no one seems to be awake at this time? 
# Help #  Anyone tell me abt box model ! What is boxmodel ? Why ,Where use in &quot;HTML&quot; ? 
Looks like it's gonna be another  Saturday night at home..  sucks. Anyone wanna kick it?
Damn mommy and ju leaves in bout 2 hours  wtf..who wants to come with me in November? Anyone?
I wanna change my gamertag. Anyone got any good ideas? @arctickiller and yes Cobra Starship was taken 
Won poker last night at the cost of puking my ass over my carpet at sometime this morning. Anyone know how to get puke out of carpet? 
My hairdresser just informed me that today is her last day!!  Anybody have a good hairdresser who does color in the Sarasota area?
Anyone ever seen a square cookie? 
wondering what the hell work is going to throw at me this time.  Anyone got any spare lucky charms - looks like I may need them. 
Anyone? 
I don't wannnnna go to work tomorrow.   Anyone know any filthy-rich old men looking for someone to take care of?? Lol
Feedburner email feed 4 my blog is broken.  Anyone up to helping me fix it? Can share what Feedmedic says is wrong (I'm techie challenged)
Just home and very sick...  Any suggestions? Anyone?
Watching Quantum of Solace. Anyone wanna watch with me? I'm lonely 
just tore my last contact lens and my new ones arent here yet. Anyone have a new pair that are at least a -8.00? I have horrible eyes  
Anyone know why when you view your followers it show's less than you supposedly have.  Only got 8  but can only see 5..??
Anyone else having trouble with Saurfang realm on WoW? 
Anyone want to see transformers tonight? :/ I don't want to go alone. too many bugbites 
all this gelato talk has me missing the most amazing vegan soy gelato I'd get in Vancouver.  Anyone know of soy choices here in #slc?
Longing for a good SVU marathon  Can't bring myself to spend $30 per season. Anyone want to gift them to me? I won't post more complaints!
Anybody having trouble with tweetdeck on there pc? Mines just a blank screen 
 my head hurts. Anyone want to rub my temples?
Anybody else having trouble with @TweetDeck today? only blank screen at the mo? 
Last weekend in Kuching tomorrow.  Anyone up for anything?
http://twitpic.com/8d63v - My poor poor shoes is yellow &amp; aged! Anyone knows how to make it look healthier?  but whatever, I'm gonna b ...
I totally jacked up my neck an my back (and my crack). Would muscle relaxers help? Never took em before. Anyone got any? 
Ur crazy! Anyone that eats like you has to be insane! Haha!   Lonelyandroid ):
I am determined to get back into baseball -- it's been 5 years since I've really watched the sport. Anyone interested in going to a game? 
lol @courtneylou  im at work bored beyond belief and feel slightly cut off from the world. Anyone up for textin me? Hit me up if you do.
@piktor, very true my friend. Anyone who knows me will tell you I'm ALL about quality...to a fault sometimes! Still fun to reach 1000. 
@smeykunz We can all have a fun ladies night! Anyone can join! 
Sleep mode initiated...long day ahead. Hopefully new things to share tomorrow. Anyone want to see anything at the MK, let me know. 
Anybody played the micheal Jackson moonwalk game on the snes  LOL
Lost weight this week. No time to eat. Anyone wanna bring me subway at 3 at kroger?  lol.
The sun is shining, the rain is gone, it's warm again!  Anyone wants to join me to a journey into Darwin's world, today? 
Anyone got a nice image to set as wallpaper? 
Anyone want some pancakes...yummy 
is slightly hungover. Anyone for the pub? 
Anyone giving away an iphone lol i really want one  anyone generous =]
@denisebroadh2o  Denise - your blog's up now - check it out here - #75 http://TwitPWR.com/cFS/   (Anyone else?? 
@mark_up Anyone that follows me for a single topic of discussion will be quickly disappointed.  My brain travels on wings, not rails.
So, two weeks away.  What did I miss? Anyone get a new job?  Anyone win lotto?  I have new followers.... will check when home  thxthx
I am craving got dogs... Anyone wanna get out? 
Anybody on AIM??? Chat with me  DomiRican383
Wine and cheese, is there a better way to start the weekend? Anyone? 
I dont want to work tonight. Anyone look enough like me and fancy working till 2am?  xx
I need a day off! Anyone wanna babysit a leaky screaming bitey baby? He's no trouble honest! 
I can't sleep hopefully this L will lay me out? Anybody awake? 
PSA: Anyone that wants me to listen to their music, please email me the mp3 or link to tonicabrera813@gmail cuz I lose the links on here. 
Watching Legend of the Seeker! Anyone else into that show?? 
I have nothing to do today. Anyone wanna make plans? 
Would love to hang out w/folks in Seattle today! Anyone up for adventures? 
I want tacos. Anybody up for a midnight taco run? 
Hello Twitland! Anyone want coffee? 
Need one more follower to hit 500.  Anyone wanna recommend me to somebody?  
Ugh so last night was crazy, but fun  michael left for his game, and everyone else is sleeping. Anyone wanna hang later, maybe ? Lex&lt;3
Making cookies! Anybody want some 
Im bored :[ Anyone wanna talk? 
@joel_birch We've banned junk foods, sugar candy, we eat ONLY organic, lots of RAW foods and kids eat poultry only. Anybody can do it 
 @blondediva11 What happened while I was gone? Anybody get arrested http://tr.im/koFz
Going to French. Anyone want to pick me up? 
Anybody to have good tips for budget lodging in Tokyo? 
Anybody have special drink requests for my party thursday?   
Anybody else think that #win7 is pretty much Vista SP2? 
This morning is for smiling smugly to oneself. Anyone can join in 
Today is another good day for some less extreme experiences... Anyone a fan of #24? I'm watching season 4 now 
@hl2run Anyone with big fingers  But I've loved it...
Anyone wanna chat? 
I want to make an anime.  Can anyone out there help with that?  Anyone?  Beuller? 
Just bought tetris on the wiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii  FREAKEN AWESOME! Anyone want to verse?? its 1-6 players! 
@artoni Mweh. Anyone who could make a man's head explode via fangirl shipping is a suitable lieutenant 
His name is BOZ spelled B-O-Z!  Anybody singin' along with me?  
&quot;Anyone can be passionate, but it takes real lovers to be silly&quot; hehe  &lt;3
Despite my immense hatred of festivals is considering going to All Pts Wst to see Gaslight, Anyone wanna come with me?? 
I really want to watch Donnie Darko now! Anyone wanna lend the dvd to me? pleaseeeee? 
MORNING  Anyone here?
Hello the Twitterverse  Anyone like Avon products? I love the stuff that much became a rep - costs me more money than i earn!! haha
Okay - so just found out I have to find a job for 'work experiance' in october! How fun!! (Not) Anyone have any ideas on what to do? 
&gt; @_katertot is out for the day; going to ride my bike up to Westgate and get some work done at *$. Anyone want to meet up? DM me! 
I am still One with my pajamas and robe. Anyone have a problem with that? 
I'm buying tickets to go see dane cook on june 19th!! Anyone wanna join me?  
great ride caughlin ranch into verdi - too much fun last night made me throw up once. Anyone up for brunch? 
Anyone need a moving light tech ?? 
Groundhog has been eating my flowers. Anyone have any groundhog recipes? 
Needs a favour from someone in/near Dublin. Anyone know anyone? Is to collect a camera! 
Anybody else have OJD 
http://twitpic.com/5exdy - Anyone else like megauploads new ads? 
I could really use a job right now!!! Anyone looking for dental assistants, I'm awesome 
Anybody here who wants to write an lil examen for me tomorrow? I really have better things to do 
I want a favicon/logo for my blog but have no idea...  Anyone wants to help? 
Anybody knows where I can find a decent cheap barong? 
Anyone know when the lovely @taylorswift13 is coming manchester? 
@jolliehaybowes That sounds a bit rubbish. What are you going to do with yourself then? Anyone to annoy? That'd be my first choice 
Anyone can catch your eye but it take someone special to catch your heart 
I feel like a vegetable today. So lazy, I don't know what to do with myself. Anyone need a web designer? 
Anyone here playing SimFriend? I kinda like it 
Been hunting for the wire grids to build a Cavy Cage for my guinea pigs. No luck! Anyone who can help...HELP! 
So my brother and I are going 2 Fiesta Village tomorrow! Anyone care to join us? 
#MCM tomorrow! Woo  Anyone who wants to meet up there, just send an @ my way!!
In other news... Anyone want to buy a Trek?  Just kidding. @patbrough
Looking for a free remote usability testing / analytics software  or sth. which has a free trial. Anyone?  #usability #testing #help Thx!
Oh yes  @SolangeNoir: &quot;Anybody else remember this band? &quot; ? http://blip.fm/~73wx6
@dannygokey Anyone who has a heart can see you!  
@Windica Don't worry. Anyone I chat with regularly is cool. Particularly you smart writer-types. 
@nickrogers70 Anyone; the more the merrier 
BMGf Anyone want to wifi battle?: never done one before but im up for one     fc is 4425 8568 8098 http://tinyurl.com/oap4lg
I'm looking for someone who can repair a vintage record player... Anyone? Anyone? 
Portuguese festa is this weekend in san diego.....soooo much work to do! Anyone want to be a queen??? 
Kraftwerk fans! Anybody who's off to see the band tonight in Wiesen, have a great time - you lucky, lucky, people! 
Thanks for all tea and sympathy. Anyone want to buy any of my photos to help with car recovery? I do liscencing, stock or prints 
Our engine's name (#MARS) means &quot;Massively Adaptive Records Server&quot;. Anyone got a punchier meaning? We'll credit you in the code.  
