Most common words for this cluster:
[('asleep', 349), ('fall', 28), ('night', 14), ('woke', 11), ('time', 11), ('everyone', 9), ('lol', 9), ('im', 8), ('amp', 8), ('cant', 7), ('trouble', 6), ('falling', 6)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'asleep', 0.9447340965270996), (u'fell_asleep', 0.7129905223846436), (u'alseep', 0.7039104700088501), (u'sleeping', 0.6501742601394653), (u'falling_asleep', 0.6365970969200134), (u'snoring_loudly', 0.6147229075431824), (u'fallen_asleep', 0.6145502328872681), (u'awake', 0.6124119162559509), (u'sleep', 0.6006993651390076), (u'dozing', 0.6001374125480652)]





Its so hard to fall asleep 
is off to work. but he's already falling asleep! 
my daughter fell asleep at the computer desk...pretty hilarious....now my tummy hurts! 
Laying on my grandmas bed, I'm about to fall asleep 
Starting to fall asleep..... don't know if I can make it  #readathon
I'm still so sleepy.  I just woke up. I'm falling asleep again.
just woken up... I was trying not to fall asleep, mission failed. 
foot fell asleep neiiiii stop it tickles it tickels 
Having trouble staying asleep. It's so hot and I'm exhausted 
I cant fall asleep 
trying 2 fall asleep but i cant!!!!!!!!! 
Having a hard time falling asleep 
What if he had nightmares while I was gone??  the babies are both back asleep now, but I'm distressed over whatever just happened with him
Almost went entire day without migraine, until now that I'm trying to fall asleep. 
@laenij I totally would! if y'know, I wasn't in iowa and half asleep 
I hate not being able to fall asleep after all the kiddies do. 
Its so hard trying to fall asleep without hubby here next to me 
i cant fall asleep! 
Almost 3... Maybe I'll be able to fall asleep soon? 
My mom woke me up cause mommow's sister is here. I want sleep! You know i cant fall asleep when i get woke up. 
Almost fell asleep  now its shower time -CrazyForTheGuy
My everything still hurts  I need to fall asleep already
@DonnaMMiller I'm in bed but can't seem to fall asleep 
is falling asleep even with her triple shot grande 
Up and having trouble falling asleep. 
I cant fall asleep 
i was woken up and couln't fall back asleep. I hate that feeling !! .  
i cant believ how tired i am, i feel like falling asleep at  this very desk 
...and now he's fast asleep!  Not fair 
i am frkn falling asleep i want to cook and bake and cook arghhhhhhh 
cant fall asleep 
Why is my foot asleep 
I hate falling asleep without you by my side &lt;3 
soo tired but kant fall asleep without that special goodnight 
awhh mann everyone fell asleep on me 
keeps falling asleep!! arghhh. and the ironic thing is, i had trouble sleeping last night. 
@KimKardashian fell asleep and missed it!!  
I'm feeling bored because that person's asleep already and I have no one to text. 
I don't want to fall asleep yet 
ate too much at cookout so now im about to vomit  falling asleep to the prisoner of azkaban
is half asleep already 
My legs feel restless and I'm having trouble falling asleep now 
still cant fall asleep because of you.. even after all this time 
@fancypance I am so mad at myself for falling asleep before it started...  I had been looking forward to it all week!!
Ugh i'm stuck on the sofa, mum's asleep, the boy's asleep on me and i'm stuck watching cat woman cos the remote is to far away 
Sssssooooo tired  about to fall asleep on this movie
@mileycyrus Sssssooooo tired  about to fall asleep on this movie
hates that she has such an issue with falling asleep... 
I'm tired and drunk...best way to fall asleep but I'm not in my room and I still need to shower 
102 F fever. maybe thats why i kept falling asleep at sams. 
fat guy falling asleep on me on the bus 
aw, i'm sad that jake fell asleep already!!   i love that kid!
@jnoe i need one of those. It's almost 1am here and i'm driving. I'm going to fall asleep and die! 
I think baby's asleep 
it took too long to fall asleep after taking my sleeping pill last night.. i fear they are not working as good as they used to 
@velvetella hun x so sorry didn't send diet plan  was up working past 2 then fell asleep on sofa I will do it at some point today x x
 SOMEONE fell asleep before I got home. No goodnights no nothin'.
I was alone!    ...I'm falling asleep, but I have to end the recession now.  This situation gave me hunger haha..
These blankets are so sooft. I'm gonna fall asleep.. I've also had too much to drink 
getting freaking tired. and with me that doesnt mean ill fall asleep 
cant fall asleep.. 
ive been so stressed out lately that i cant fall asleep so ive been takeing benadryl to help me sleep. i hope i dont become dependent 
slowly falling asleep.... still no affection from him.... 
@tallespin Your foots always falling asleep 
Gahh.. I need some benadryl. I can't seem to fall asleep. Fml. 
just now falling asleep. been throwing up, awesome... nawt. 
falling asleep at my desk...really dont even want to go out later 
@Peezle haha my gf fell asleep on the couch.. do you sometimes feel bad that're we're online and not sleeping next to them. I do.. 
K. I'm just gna fall asleep to music. But not Rascal Flatts 
I need sleep  why is it so difficult for me to fall asleep?
there's a stampede in my head and i'm having trouble falling asleep...boohoo 
after falling asleep in my bubbly bath, my fingers are all wrinkly. 
Wanting to fall asleep, this doesnt feel like summer much. 
so I'm trying to fall asleep but its not working and I still can't breathe...(tear) 
trying to fall asleep without a TV 
cant fall asleep 
I need to wake up earlier so I'm actually tired enough to fall asleep 
Why am I having such a hard time falling asleep 
my head is killing me, i keep sneezing, and i think my boyfriend fell asleep. greaaat 
@lick_it_good den fell asleep on me!!! 
chris came over for exactly one hour  i moped around after he left and ended up falling asleep.
sittin on d bed about 2 fall asleep 
@owenong looks good ... making me hungry but boy stll asleep 
wow. im watchingtv and almost falling asleep 
i wish matt hadnt fallen asleep already cuz now i cant talk to him 
the worst part of having a sunburn is trying to fall asleep 
I hate falling asleep alone this much. 
this hoe is falling asleep... boo... 
Falling asleep is difficult. 
I have officially declared falling asleep impossible  But I'm sleeeeepyyyy...
i cant fall asleep. 
headache. ugh why am i not tired? everyone but this fag fell asleep texting me, i think. lol 
yikes .. fallin asleep while typin 
Its never been this hard to fall asleep 
I didnt fall asleep at all last night &amp; now my shift is about to start. *yawwwn* 
@JaySteez1 i feel like im about to fall asleep.  The sun is too bright.
Wants to fall asleep but still has 2 papers and a presentation to work on 
I am trying sooo hard not to falm asleep during these NASAP group presentations!!! 
i can't seem to fall asleep 
is very sad  i need a friend but de all asleep 
I would quite like to fall asleep, right about nowwww 
@TheKingBigD I'm laying in bed, was trying to fall asleep but couldn't. Came here to clear my head. I have to work in the morning 
I hate falling asleep during the day and walking up when it's dark. It confuses my little brain 
Tired but can't seem to fall asleep tonight 
Trying hard not to fall asleep  zzz
Last nite was great!! I got home same time he did n kissed him n fell asleep! but woke up at 640!! now to work! 
i think i might actually possibly be falling asleep 
@jocelinerios sorry fell asleep last night 
Is about to fall asleep at the wheel(s)  
i cant believe nick fell alseep! 
Trying to fall asleep. I have a sharp pain in my left side that won't go away 
I'm sooo sleepy! But I cant fall asleep 
I need to stop falling asleep on the couch. 
well,bay fell asleep and woke up.i think bay is bad at me   i really hope not.but we will see later today
I don't want to fall asleep bc when i wake up i have to go home 
ii thnk all my friends r asleep nobdy is txtn me 
loves having the boy she loves in her bed... but hates the fact he's fast asleep 
I cant fall back asleep 
@breeziebri yea &amp; y I fell back asleep! 
@jscohe3 i agree 100%...i didn't want to fall asleep last night because it meant i would have to go to work when i woke up. working sucks 
trying not to fall asleep again!! why is statistics boring me... 
I'm about to fall asleep. To bad I can't 
@dopeyalex 1  i dropped 420 points that mess was so borinq i kept falling asleep lol .
i'm falling asleep  and i still have tons of hw to do.. jhygtnmk!
Just woke up about 15 minutes ago, and I didn't really want to fall asleep. 
I'm sooooo tired  Just woke up because of my new baby cat....now she's playing and I'm trying not to fall asleep ;)
Trying not to fall asleep....going back to work 
insomnia is a mother  off to watch 17 again. maybe then i'll be able to fall asleep. ha! i kid, i kidd
@jojolopez i told you...too much cokezero before bed is bad!! I cant fall asleep 
I'm awake and it's a gorgeous evening out and everyone's asleep. This sucks 
#itsucks when u fall asleep during the day (take a nap) &amp;&amp; then can't fall asleep at nite!  tossing &amp; turning...
so bored. was in  church 2 HOURS almost fell asleep 
is SHATTERED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh But for some reason cant fall asleep 
i am sitting here in front of my computer falling asleep ! long nite !! I need some sleeeeeep 
my foot's asleep and I can't move 
I hate falling asleep early 
laying in bed and waiting to fall asleep 
I cant fall asleep its too hot 
I drank to much ice tea that i cnt fall asleep! ! 
ugh im tired but cant fall asleep 
someone fell asleep on me 
I'm just about ready for falling asleep. 
about to fall asleep!  but i want/need to hear this big announcement 
sitting by ickburgh road in the cold, still falling asleep though. 
I'm going to fall asleep again, I can feel it! By golly I'm sooo tired this week 
UGHHHH i hate it when i want to sleep but I can't seem to fall asleep 
asleep whilst awake, i don't know quite what is happening but people are asking me to do things and i can't quite focus on them 
twiddling my thumbs here till the kid falls asleep...  
Is everyone asleep? I want to talk to people 
i just watched the shittiest play EVER. lol... falling asleep. want to nap with hubby 
I'm falling asleep driving right now 
Every time I start to fall asleep, my body jerks me awake.. 
@IanJenkin not awake enough to pun this early!!  fell asleep in living room with curtains open - the dawn chorus was my alarm 
Helppp what should I do? I'm gonna fall asleep 
the chilling temperature in my room is making it impossible to fall asleep 
babysitting when the baby's asleep is no fun at all 
I should be falling asleep somewhere else. 
Falling asleep after the sun rises... I just couldn't fall sleep tonight 
just woke up from falling asleep at 3:30 yesterday and had no idea where i was. i dont feel well 
just got home so tired but cant fall asleep 
I have a bad feeling. I had trouble falling asleep last night and then I missed yoga 
I'm still half asleep, and at dance 
didnt end up at mels, ended up asleep. i hate being sick 
i had an hour and half sleep last night before my brother woke up sick again.... i dont want to leave him alone but im falling asleep 
I'm so tired. I'm falling asleep slowly, but if i did fall asleep all I'll think about is craig and i don't want to get hurt again 
@AllisonBalliet no it was awesome i blogged it. im trying to fall asleep i didnt sleep last night  not coming along very well
Falling asleep then having to wake up and drive is not nice 
I dont want to fall asleep cause then it would be tomorrow 
cuddles w/ molly in bed. I need to fall asleep so this day will finally be over. I also need to vent!  beds empty though. missing you
Christian and fran are asleep  I hate always being the last one to fall asleep.
cant fall asleep. . . 
I never want to fall asleep, i had a bad dream last night 
@deefamouss damn u not comin for now      ima fall asleep
fuck dude i just had another nightmare and now i cant fall back asleep. 
I did fall asleep -- can't remember the dream 
I'm falling asleep at the keyboard. 
i cant even think about sleeping and everybody else is either asleep or laying in bed 
@KyleRohde haha not like I'm addicted or anything, just to stay asleep. I don't have my puppy to keep me company anymore 
i think @pcarty fell asleep on me...  hahaa at tracys. swim at 6.. fml.
Its almost 11 and i cant fall asleep  .:*peachy*:.
I hate not being able to fall asleep 
I hate not being able to fall asleep 
 I'm so tired, but for some strange reason I really can't fall asleep - watching lilo and stitch/attempting to fall asleep!
Why does everyone fall asleep before me? Its not fair. 
earlier while watching tv I was constantly on the edge of falling asleep. now im wide awake. figures 
@Titillandus The boy fell asleep at PC? I did that once, woke up with keyboard imprints on my head 
About to fall asleep on my keyboard.  Trying to adjust to new bed and new apt. is hard 
They left, so now I'm alone again  Going upstaris to read because I don't think I will actually be able to fall asleep.
im go0nna fall  asleep  on my feet  ZZZZZZ    i just got back from the ppool
I'm having some pretty intense allergy 'attacks' - don't know what from! And I keep falling asleep at my desk - not good...  
still half asleep should still be in bed but mum made me get up early 
@sarahhhanne i'm half asleep my sister just woke me 
Watching charms school.I just woke up not to long ago.I need sleeping pills I just know I'm not going to beable to fall asleep 
is dead tired but cant fall asleep...! 
I need to keep my behind in my bed and try to fall asleep already! Uugh 
slowlyyyy falling asleep .. but i dont want to ! 
my boo @drizzidrake fell asleep on me  maybe i should go to bed to?!? idk
If I stay on this computer I'll be wasting time, but if I turn it off I'll get so bored  Why does it take me so long to fall asleep?
I have an very heavy lab laying on my back sound asleep. He.s so cute i hate that i can't keep him with me! 
cant fall asleep + hunger increasing = noooo!! 
I hate that my grandma was just in the hospital... Being homesick makes falling asleep near impossible. 
in media doing coursework even though im falling asleep 
@ladie_lexx fell asleep early and woke up around 4 wide awake now im trying to go back to bed the blue lights comin up out here  
falling asleep, not making it past midnight tonight 
I'm fallin asleep sitting here at work.  can't wait to get home and crawl in bed!
Just got home and found the cat asleep in S freshly changed cot sheets  in the wash they go again!S napping on sofa instead
I am SO tired. Really want to fall asleep on the train but that would TOTALLY mess up my hair. And I snore.. 
oh god i need to stop falling asleep at college 
is practically falling asleep at her desk......wish I was outside 
has had a horrible headache since last night! damn i wish i wouldve been able to fall asleep 
my laptop now smells of onions and my husband is fast asleep and snorring 
falling asleep with my boots on again 
falling asleep with my boots on again 
Falling asleep   ugh
Watching bourne ultimatum...trying to fall asleep...need to fall alseep...but can't  LOL damn u starbucks hahaha
Ah my booboon fell asleep!!!  I love him oh so muchh, and it saddens me when we aren't talking. I misssh you shnookito :'(.
Falling asleep very slowly lol....still aching 
I needa go 2 bed, but I can't seem 2 fall asleep.... This is not good!! 
@ilnam sorry  my sister fell asleep on the couch, lol.
Falling asleep listening to death cab about to get kicked out of the bed i'm laying in 
twitter died around midnight for me  everyone's asleep(or at my house)!
Falling asleep in this training...can't though I'm directly opposite the facilitator 
tired. went to bed at midnight and woke up at 5 and fell back asleep at 6... 
I'm too exhausted to do anything more, but not enough to fall asleep. It's strange feeling. And very depressing. 
im at the bus stop falling asleep...to tired to go to work. 
so tired, didnt fall asleep till 1, at 2: was woken by movement, 4: the sun, 6: SOMEONE throwing their phone across the room 
ah. tired. i wish i could go to bed listening to my music...i've been trying to fall asleep all afternoon. 
I am seriously falling asleep  I really wonder what is going to happen with me next year... I'm sooooooooooooooooooo scared!!!
impossible to fall asleep, so uncomfortableeeee  guess i'll just do homework now and go to bed somewhat early tonight.
Everyone's asleep...   so early...
is never going to fall asleep at or before 11. 
@brandi_24  Who's going to let me film them falling asleep when you're gone?
i need adrian. dumb hoe's asleep 
Wants to fall asleep but can't! 
I keep falling asleep though 
Sssllleeeppppyyyyy zzzzzzzzz  Why is it when I'm supposed to sleep I can't but I have no trouble falling asleep while doing work?
thinking that my boyfriend fell asleep 
I hate waking up early   I don't want to serve ppl coffee when I'd rather b asleep!
i set my alarm for 7, woke up, then fell asleep and now in a rush  damn zzzzness!!
hates insomnia, but hates falling asleep ten minutes before the alarm goes off more 
Trying to fall asleep- hate cramps 
little man had a 102.5 fever  gave him medicine and he juust fell asleep in my lap. he'd been up since 550 
It takes so much longer to fall asleep without my matty 
Is falling asleep through boredom 
Trying to fall asleep...... But I'm scared to dream!! 
excited that i bought mineral water, but it tasted weird  just got in and its 11.49pm :/ so tired srsly gunna fall asleep in school ! x
lol, fell asleep with the baby. just wokeup, i haave to leave 
trying to fall asleep after a long day.  Probably shouldn't have had mexican food, then. 
I want to sleep, however I can't seem to fall asleep 
@Claymaan for real, right?! Haha you caught me right when i'm about to fall asleep. 
i shouldve took a 4 hour nap! now im not tired &amp; cant fall asleep 
what do you know.. can't sleep... So I'm up again until I start to fall asleep I guess 
Man, I woke up too early and just fell back asleep when my dad woke me up 
i know that ill fall asleep on this train  liverpool woooo
I need to do something. I don't want to fall asleep 
Almost falling asleep on buses is not acceptable 
@jblives4ever17 sounds like you had a great time! i set my alarm to watch it, but fell back asleep 
shelf reading is d worst task when ur half asleep 
@kris_lauren You can bother me. I am falling asleep 
@cheesygiraffe I've yet to fall asleep!  
@RachelLock22 I was like falling asleep so I'm wide awake grr. 
Is so tired  just woke up from a nap! After falling asleep on the phone with rodney.. Haha D:
Fighting the urge not to fall asleep!!! 
 I think im fallin' asleep ZZzz
damn. i cant fall asleep and im really craving a cigarette but i dont have any 
It's already 2:10. This is progress because i used to fall asleep at 5. But i want to be asleep by midnight. 
anna's laying in the middle of the bed dead asleep and won't move. i even beat her with a pillow for three minutes. nothing happened 
shittttttt fell asleep agains. not even 1/2 finished with business assignment 
laying in bed... why cant i seem to fall asleep 
Is at the station now and falling asleep! Why are ya'll taking so long? 
am so tired,i fell asleep in front of the pc 
Oh ny gawsh, I'm a loser  fell asleep again.
@redsexydevil i'm sorry, and i fell back asleep 
i want to be back in bed asleep. i hate that i am responsible.  damn-it.
i did fall asleep, after my battery died.  @glennymah @simunismail
is mad because her cousin fell asleep! EVERYONE fell asleep  and I'm reaaaaaaaally tired
i hate falling asleep with my contacts in 
listening to you me at six falling asleep in my sexy bed, if only I had someone beside me 
@daxazo  its funny how thunder is a good thing when falling asleep and fireworks r annoying
really tired but cant fall asleep 
@mynamebemichael i shouldve stayed cause now i cant fall asleep 
Having the hardest time trying to fall asleep without him 
can't go to sleeeeeep and i think krystin fell asleep already.. 
Me thinks falling asleep on the couch does not help with the falling asleep later in bed. Whoops. 
My...dream guy is in the room beside mine, asleep.....  enough said.
awake, cant fall asleep.... 
falling asleep in @meghanmorrison 's bed while watching &quot;friends&quot;. bc it's what we would do if she were here 2nite 
my remote control is nowhere to be found. i won't be able to fall asleep tonight 
why is everybody asleep 
Completely regrets falling asleep last night  i fail
@DjFilipino :-/ I ended up eating a taco and falling asleep like a old lady  ashamed
@ryohakkai i WAS going to go straight to bed but i got bored of trying to fall asleep 
At church..trying not to fall asleep, but its really warm in here 
@Sillypea I am..  I had just fallen asleep and the stupid earthquake woke me up 
I neeeeed to stop falling asleep with my contacts in. 
I hate falling asleep @ weird times. slept from 8-10.15! now i'm wide awake and will be until about 4! 
http://twitpic.com/84ub9 - awh.. kaitlyn fell asleep in my old room cause she misses me 
@Michaelaleo lol me 2 i totally cant fall asleep right now 
i cant believe i am falling asleep when there is sooo much noise and kids running everywhere. i see demons 
Hates waking up in the middle of the night &amp; not able to fall asleep again. 
would love to fall asleep with him &lt;3 right knw 
@AroundHarlem can i have a sip, b/c i'm falling asleep and have work to do 
Having the hardest time falling asleep 
I had a niiiiiice large coke. Then, I just had to fall asleep, and it got all watery. 
And the power comes back on when I had fallen asleep 
@KerenBelmonte I know. hmm. I finally fell asleep, like 10 mins ago. I just woke up. It's so hard for me to stay asleep. 
It's really hard for me to fall asleep at night 
I am SO tired. 3 more sessions edited &amp; uploaded to galleries. Almost done with #4. But almost falling asleep! 
So sleepy but can't seem to fall asleep. 
Never imagined it would be so hard to fall asleep without my baby. 
 i cant fall asleep.
wow everyone is talking about the transformers 2 . i cant fall asleep 
i just want to fall asleep 
blah..still to awake to fall asleep...and I need sleep so bad 
Having trouble falling asleep 
Too hungry to fall asleep but it hurts too much to eat! 
Is too exhausted to fall asleep. How lame. 
I cant fall asleep 
I feel so damn lazy  I fell back asleep and it's now 11 O.o
I can't seem to fall asleep tonight 
 I slept for maybe an hour or two...even though i tried so hard to fall asleep cause i need my rest.
I've been unable to fall asleep lately... ugh 
Watching Seven Pounds with my mom. I hope i dont fall asleep. AfterMidnightProject TOMORROW! 
Falling asleep on way to town, so toasty 
Falling asleep here. So goodnight everyone 
Calling her to fall asleep in the meanwhile 
I love falling asleep to rain. G'night! 
@goobiegirl that's what's important  coffee time! almost fell asleep on the keyboard, lol
goodnight red balloon.  falling asleep to sugarland once again... cherry bombs and cherry wine...
So, I went to sleep, but had trouble falling asleep, so I have decided to watch the new episode of 'Heroes' now instead of tomorrow.  
@PhebeK ha. me too. now i tweet horizontally then fall asleep. 
glad I'm used to being up late... teehee off to play pranks on those who have unwisely chosen to fall asleep. pictures will come later 
I love falling asleep to the sound of rain 
i'm turning off sunna (my recently named laptop), and falling asleep to steve-o's demise and rise. 
@mikeshelby Now that's a very nice way to fall asleep. 
... im not in the scene, i think im falling asleep, but then all that it means is ill always be dreaming of you... 
Aw just found her little sister asleep on the floor under her towel  sleepy much?
@youaremyface you are so dumb! now take me out to lunch for falling asleep on my the other night 
heading to bed to watch a movie and then fall asleep 
falling asleep to some neighbors having an acoustic jam sesh. i have mad love for boulder 
Falling asleep to some day26 
Falling asleep to old movies...amazing 
Falling asleep to the sound of rain.... 
@JaimeMcKnight ill still be listening to nkairplay while ur asleep 
is falling asleep to the little mermaid  ahhh I love this.
Pshh. keith fell asleep. dork. we were in a good conversation too. oh well. i love you babe 
