Most common words for this cluster:
[('ass', 540), ('butt', 110), ('lol', 64), ('bum', 36), ('im', 20), ('u', 20), ('hurts', 18), ('shit', 17), ('dick', 16), ('kick', 15), ('n', 14), ('neck', 13)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'ass', 0.9280821681022644), (u'butt', 0.8055563569068909), (u'shit', 0.7428225874900818), (u'd_*_ck', 0.7406672835350037), (u"f'in", 0.7333499789237976), (u'hiney', 0.7310327887535095), (u'dick', 0.7206435203552246), (u'dude', 0.7185513377189636), (u'azz', 0.7143715023994446), (u'patootie', 0.7087758779525757)]





@kristensaywhaa he is an ass. .. .. .. hM ..  did you watch the first episodeee? i freakin missed it 
stuck... it seems there are quite some disadvantages about working alone  i guess i need personal ass-kicker
My ass is so cold. 
just paid an ass load of bills 
Is never going to drink again .. I make an ass out of myself 
@mynameisjayr It was amazing but fridays I always cut it short cus I gotta get my drunk ass to work so early  but tonite its on!!!
@KrystalNichole  noo I got this wack ass iPhone
is behind 5 smokers in a long ass line to a bar that is blasting some bs music. this is my hell. 
it's hard to be productive when your ass is badly kicked by flu meds and the rerun of F1 qualifications is on 
boys can suck real big ass sometimes 
@zackalltimelow you can't let it get to you though, they'd probably kiss your ass if you were in front of them  dbags will be dbags
Loosing sleep over stupid shit.. Sucks.. Being stuck with moral delemas suck ass.. 
@iHollee so.. i feel bad for you. hackers suck bum 
Kicking myself in the ass for once again proving them right 
@DavonnaDarling it's been alright so far. i'm so sorry, D! i wish i could haul ass to frisco to gives you a huge hug 
@perttumurto you kicked my ass  http://diftype.mybrute.com
@DonnieWahlberg  got there not long before you plus a few big fellas put you in your car!! But the concert kicked ass!! ThankYou!!
@karriedaway aww  i hate that.. i have a speech that my ass procrastinated on.. ugh.. this blows.
@lamborghinibow bow you're an ass! i hope your inconsiderate ass stays numb forever! you're not even reading my ideas!! 
doesnt kno if i have a cold or if its my allergies either way tho its kicking my ass 
@pandathief like shit, dbl ear infection is kicking my ass   how are you sir?
@aplusk eat someone ass.. 
@esmeralda737 wow! that was totally not necessary!  totally bum!  and all i do is love you
@tinyvamp i prefer degrassi...but since noggin doesn't turn into the n anymore i can't see either one because i don't have the n 
Watching this banging ass movie that i cant spell 
this bus smells like bum ass and is sticky 
@Gardenwiseguy  the pain in the butt is dealing with a bunch of different city depts~coordinating information 
hungryyy; I can't go downstairs by myself; I'll bust my ass ... They took us out the cub 
is already getting a backache from this shitty ass couch. 
ow chihuahua! I just burnt mt thumb with boiling hot ass water  oh well, going to bed after I eat.
Anywayy, my butt is so cramp right now. and i'm so hungry.. 
@M101C yes I can! I may not see the shins.. I think it's tmrw... 
Allergies are kicking my ass right now.  so is studying.  
i thinking about going to bed but i dont no but my socks go up to my knees...why is knees spelt with a k if u dont use it makes no sence 
kicking myself in the butt for sleeping in so late...why can't we be productive while we sleep. 
@kristoffer34 yeah  you really have to always keep your nose clean, you never know what's going to come back to bite ya in the butt...
@mimijamaican bitch accept me to follow ur ass already...and u need to be coming on here more often 
@garieeuroshow i had a dream zombies and you were in it.. we kicked some zombie butt!.... and then you fell off a cliff: 
i'm tired of being seen as just a cute piece of ass 
@starpit Because I had a huge ass fight with someone very dear to me. 
@Connarhea oi why does it say pugface  meany! hehe so get your ass in gear!!!
@yearsoflead aw dude bum out 
ooowwwwww monica just poked my eye w her long ass nail..  damnit it hurts..
i think @addikshun lied she's not &quot;back&quot;  lying ass
@ARo17 I was grinding for finals, which ended up kicking my ass anyway  lol
Eating like a fat ass  xoxo K
I ? friends.. Even though my best is still being a butt 
If you dance harder he'll be reminded of how great the ass was... Or maybe not 
@SadittysAsh I was dead ass sleepin all night 
@LCpabon we are walking like we had rough butt sex 
Being so short-sighted is pants, I have lovely frames, but they bend the light so much I'm sure you can see behind my head  speccy bastard
kicked a bloody bookcase and now my toe is throbbing like a mofo 
@oliviamunn pointed out that while my convertible may have 415 horsepower, the visors &quot;suck ass&quot; and I should take it back. Immediately. 
unfortunately, i feel like butt right now. can't tell if i am developing allergies or a cold. 
i saw X-men and it sucked ass .. 
Currently: Getting my ass kicked by acid reflux. 
has a flat tire lame ass boyfriend i have is passed out doesnt even know whats going on 
@ClaireOlivar  i have a full moon. butt.
@joshrupley  love, the crotch shot waiting to happen slash britney.
has a tummy ache  Going to get off my ass nad clean more, maybe it will go away.
i think allergies are kicking my ass. i never get them 
My toesies/feet/knees hurt sooo much  bedtime, goodnight!
damn - thats chinese buffet is still kickin my ass- dont go there 
@IsistheNICEST I'm dead ass I forgot to enable my fucking alarm !  school can kiss my ass.
@lettresperdues I haven't seen it.  but I loved her in nick &amp; norah's.  and good job smarty pants. hahahaaaaa
im so guted that danny's left ! butt it had to be someone 
urgh, such a bad nights sleep &amp; scary ass nightmare 
My butt is soooooooo damn sore!!! It's so hard to sit down. 
takin my butt back to sleep 
@strawberriie where are you love, your hoe ass doesnt know how to txt back 
@shaunmichaelb i already feel like shipping him to the bermuda triangle haha... he just kicked my butt!! dang! 
We just got pulled over  and the officer accused us of drinking! What a dick
@casual_intruder I know miss cod u told me, am still waiting for the drunken ass partially nude pics 
@BostonWahlbergs I would love too but too bad ur butt is not around here 
@charley_bum well goodnight then. 
is very upset about her brother being such an ass 
@lowri_bum i think it's gone forever  rip
got hit on by a wigger thug lesbian last night who proceeded to yell out &quot;woo look at that butt jiggle!!&quot; as i walked away. so insulting 
chelsea rerun then bed. big ass bruise on my back 
my neck is super soreee  what the eff !
@demoninmypocket but, but, but... I have to give him his cronie ponie.   And you know, not make a total ass out of myself this time..
watched beavis and butt-head instead of doing something productive. i am a shit. 
@MBS1913 see I asked your ass what you wanted 
Oh my butt is sore from sitting on a lousy chair 
i'm such a bum out when i have to work early  
@megan_rice  keifer is being a butt and not twittering 
after this cool ass look i just finished ..my batteries died..  great.
Still up  ....watchin anaconda...ooohhh scary! Hopefully sleep will hit me wit a left &amp; a right hook soon....lol...&amp; knock my ass out.
I miss my little chubby chops pic  will revive it later!
im getting fatter..i can feel my butt wiggling everytime i walk 
@benjihaworth bum! 
uqh maury's not even on ! its jerry sprinqers dumb ass 
tryin to fix he sore neck !! 
Allergies are kicking my ass right now 
@chelseadolan I am not a bum! 
This recession sucks ass 
Just got my ass kicked by a folded chair that fell on me while I was sitting on the floor  but kinda lol
@NessaRenee waiting to see if that bum Cullgan calls me. He's wilding outtttttt! He wants to leave youtube 
soooo i definitely slipped on the stairs as i was trying my hardest to be careful...my elbow and my ass hurt...n my big toe got a lil cut 
just woke up from a LONG ass nap!! ..and now i have to get cracking on all of my lame homework 
@aLpHLauReN shitt bored ass f.ck 
cant believe how much of a pain in the ass research is... 
Put your ass up in the  air just came on my ipod. I miss c block 
@bandaidz I think it is sick  its still dragging its ass
@1mrsrobinson ew I'll beat her ass for you!!! LOL I'm sorry ur having issues  ps I miss your face!
I can't #unfollowdiddy because I never followed his trifling ass to begin with. 
I'm an insomnia ass biotch the world is sleeping and I'm wide awake I suck 
#3breakupwords I still love you but you are a dumb ass! 
i have a huge ass headache that wont go away 
Just got my ass kicked in Tripoly lol  I got such bad cards... i suck
@Nicers I'm pretty sure my bum shape will still be imprinted there 
mcdonalds mccafe tastes like chewin on a cigarette butt.  I miss my sonic card 
http://twitpic.com/670ar - this is post guitar hero ass kicking 
i bit my tongue sooo bad...it's swollen. 
ouch, my back. I'm sick of having a pamela anderson esque chest 
my dads being an ass..... 
im so not feelinq this huqe ass pimple smack in the middle of my doom. it aint riqht man 
 i may cry damn this weather got my ass burnt (nt literally jus my shins arms n chest) legs hurt lyk a biatch  slightly enjoy it tho ha
The only way I'll feel safe is when he's finally in jail where his stalker ass belongs! 
@robert_avalos lucky ass bitch I am stuck at work 
look how @exotic @BADDESTnLA choke on this dick talks to me 
@alilje why do you say that i'm a dick? i find that hurtful! 
@DerrellRicardo ass to go to the emergency right now! So my mommy is takin me now... 
@nuser your ass should be hanging out with me! 
@superduperkya I think it's the small butt. 
ahhhh. sososo beaat. jess bettuh hurrry her ass up. i wannnna qo home. 
@thomasfarted  You're a dick
@agnsrms Sucks! I know now to buy two pairs! Says something about my ass, hah. Holes on your thighs aren't too embarrassing at least. 
I got this bangin ass headache and I can't sleep. Movies over. I don't know what to do with myself 
creating a portfolio by working my ass off in bicol... sucks that im missin fashion week  boo.
@JFonzy lmaaooo those cheap ass shoes!! 
big ass fkn unknown specimen bugg just killed all the sleepy time outta me for a minute. too many trees out here. but i like trees 
what an arse, my brothers a fucking ass hole sometimes  mum told me to wake him so he looks at me like a peice of shit as per usual!
sleepinq bitches ; missinq my honey bun munchkin butt  O529O9 ?
coding can be pain in the ass sometimes 
@JCINISTA it's just that we never got to test it on anyone.  haha and i didn't see it, but i'm sure beyonce kicked some stalker ass!
@_EpicFail lol y she is a dick. 
if my dad isn't the lame ass garce that he has been 
what a owwie ass floor, i want my bed asap 
I had a dream about a big ass snake &amp; now can't go back to sleep aha 
hurty my thumb  I've got a big ass slit trying to squirt some blood out, is that to gross for twitterworld lol
ps i have a big ass plaster on my ugly big toe and im using the other equally ugly big toe to scratch the semi-blister i scratched open 
@bandit_zero I don't want to be a bum 
@stankb I dare u do that Lol! u may be bigger then me but I aint scared to fight yo ass!! Lol! even though u used to beat me up  lol
Long day and stupid skanks never quit running their mouths so I can't even talk to him  This is ass
My bitch ass fan broke 
I wish my butt felt regular... 
I still have gum on my butt 
I somehow have to drag my ass to the gym otherwise I will hate myself &amp; wendys for those amazing chicken nuggs i just had to have 
@thatdudea lol true but mmmm jus irks me  lol big grown ass with hulk on ur ass!! not a good look
@majornelson nope.  you'll have no such luck.if they put you on a C130...take a butt cushion 
@forealjo my ass is tired I'm still here 
Is at the gym working her butt off(literly ha) missing her trainer. 
@luveysun hey I got big boobs and an ass to match but the boo might not like my goodies on blast 
Chores :/ hurt ass neck too 
Why do I have bad ass bags under my eyes 
@LillieBarnes dougie ahh, awhh he's not well atm  bless his lovley bum
Serious pancake butt, tho... 
Stretchable pants my butt!  uncomfortable!
scary ass shit: www.hotel626.com im too chicken for this, i saw the room and closed lol 
we mustve put on our bitch pants tonight....  so sad...
uh my knees are so achey 
My butt is sweatty. 
Daaaaaaamn! I just ran over a fat ass raccoon 
my jaw can just suck it tonight. for serious, yo.    can sleep make it go away? that's the bet i'm about to make...
football is on look like geelong will kick ass again 
I'm missing a dope ass party, a whole shit of work, but most importantly, my baby 
i cant break my daughters fever her 1st tooth is kickin her ass 
bed time... #drag me to hell was chill scary and funny lol wack ass saturday 
@Katrinonus well that's a kick in the tits 
My bike hurts my bum bum.. also I think i need to get a new coil for my forks, they don't budge.. 
My ass itches 
dieing slowly cus im not watching the game  ... ugh school is a pain in the ass !
Oh aye and ma fat ass broke the picnic bench 
@mtstanford wtf how you get @noreaga to respond to your bitch ass...bet he won't respond to mrs. nine  LoL
@maryannehobbs sore buttocks = bollocks       rest up!
trying to get all this yucky crud out of my chest. damn it. 
wow another freaky ass dream 
whoa, my ass got kicked yesterday at street fighter. I guess last sat. was a strike of luck   #boringbutreal
@laurface Lol, you kicked my ass! 
Wish I would have got my ass up to go tubing  I'm sad
we think this kid cracked one of my bro's disk in his neck 
hung over  stupid sweet ass shots got my tummy fucked up  someone help!
smashed my face into a sliding glass door  lol i'm a dumb ass. my nose hurts. &amp; i feel bummed. fuck twitter nobody reads this anyway k bye
Has been scared for life by the lady on the back of a motorcycle with her splotchy ass crack showing. 
@JulieBanderas congrats tell the lil' guy next to you he needs to work on his squats it appears no one wants to foll his ass... 
got our asses handed to us...lost like 12-0 
Man... My daughter is sick and I can't be there...  missin my lil fat butt
@theyjusthowl  i thought my dick would be bigger than that
Feeling like a dick 
@l0RENElAiNE text me ghurl &lt;3 and that how i got my ass!!!! by being a fat ass and i miss your son 
Just fought with my mean ass bf. now I'm tweeting in bed and trying to stop wondering where he took off to. 
@hellolaurel My bum totally didn't 
I ate a bag of bomb ass beef jerkey and one is stuck in my tooth causing pain,I can't get it out 
winter is here &amp; i'm freezing my ass off! 
@SassyLassie3 I didn't record it or I'd screen cap your ass off. 
@TJxFrost i think one of those bad ass kids @ the party gave me there 24 hr virus i feel like crap 
@brwneyedbratbry LOL I won't. I'm just messing with I. I'll give it to u as soon as I can drag my ass off the couch. 
needs to find the motivation to get my lazy ass to work...ick, but its so rainy outside, why would I want to leave my apartment? 
I was sure the cops was going to rodney king my ass, instead they gave me points instead. Like it was a effin moving violation. 
Man i hate fuckin cops waiting at the court house sucks ass monkey balls 
I wish I had a big dumb ass 
chop me off at the chest I'm congested from there up &amp; feel like crap 
Amazing how a measly little sore throat can completely knock one on one's ass 
@reallysketchyyy why would you kick my butt? i feel like poop 
Just rushed my ass to stars n straps for tixs n got their two mins too late!  @trvsbrkr do we have Another next mission?
there was just a fight and the hot ass sub broke it up. fucker pushed me. 
UGH!! My ass hurts...literally! This is what I get for slacking on the regimen...I'm such a chubbykins 
@ebonistephae fck method man...his ass aint show for the damn concert!!! i hate his sexy ass now 
I've been hittin all my &quot;important ppls&quot; butt courtside seats are not available   I think I'll storm around and throw a tantrum now lol
@MarieLuv I need to get my butt to vegas cuz I never been 
I fell down and busted my butt 
@robdul gosh, rob.  what crawled up your butt? ;-) 
Laying on my couch  you know your a eat ass when you cant get up 
Spencer better not threaten my sanjaya again.  i will personally kick his butt.
omg i have a ridiculous ass headache going on. 
Finally got off my butt and replaced the main router with one of the spares. iptable &amp; ipchain hack of 08 slowly killed the old one. 
watching tennis with my mom. andy got his butt kicked. 
http://twitpic.com/6fw9h - It looks like I have no ass 
@dizzyyet ugh, ikr? such bullshit. it sucks ass 
dammit I burned my arm! 
ok not going to lie... yoga totally kicked my butt 
tired ass all hell and sik as a dog that is sik i think ill go and peacfully die in a hole now 
i am such an ass...an ass who failed maths 
My boyfriend beat my ass in beer pong 
My ass is numb 
ow i was sitting on tha floor doing my homework and know my ass hurts 
@lordspaceman It sucks ass 
@muppmupp that totally sucks ass through a straw ..  ... bugger, bum, poop!
is draggin' ass. 
it was so hard  , bep in my ass
Bout to go to a boring ass meeting!!!!! 
electrical issues suck ass 
@cristinaeve i just got my ass kicked on my psych final cuz i thought it wasn't  till thursday. 
Boredddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd out me mind! And still have sunburnt ass 
heading to see my counselor  I hate seeing her she's such a bitch and a pain in my ass! &lt;3
It started pouringgg while I was getting gas and rained sideways directly on my butt 
@INKDMOM awee  poor ass
kinda mad i have to bring this bulky ass latop with me to my internship AND the charger...i dont wannaaaaa 
@brittwrestling we miss you wres, fred is an ass for blocking you  and yes I called fred that!
allergies are kicking my ass right now. 
I am a fat ass 
okay, i realize i'm starting to sound like a broken record, but seriously, cablevision? you suck my butt. no maddow for me.   
@MilesSTEREOS dude, science is kicking my ass. 
i partied like a rockstar all last night...my dumb ass is paying for it now  i'm sooooo tirrrrrrrrrreeeddddd!  
I put my finger as far up my butt as I could to feel my poop and made myself puke and cry 
@glowflow what u got planned my ass isn't 21!! 
maybe i will never get the hang of technology. it seems to be kicking my ass. 
Hayfever is starting to kick my ass 
@laurenw95 why are you off you gay ass  x
@cjharrison No I guess we just have to put up with it till someone gets off their ass and fix it 
@videoezy i'm okay.. but i seem to have gotten an infection from a dirty toilet seat and now i need surgery on my ass  LOL
Kiddkraddice was talking about how perez the ass is attacking his friends.. I don't understand why that guy is liked. He's not nice.. 
school sucks major ass cheeks 
@stormey09 gurl u were followin me once wut up u drop my ass  its all good lol
Kicking my own ass at the gym without my partners @CockyStrut81 and @alice967 come back homies!!! 
@MeiNg the top of the crack of my ass for me  um, i'm not alone, hooray?
and i was on a difficult ass mission too... 
@BrandyWandLover tell that to my pussy, he doesnt look happy  lol
@ihateluis is my ass hairy ? 
Still waiting...someone tweet I'm bored! And my ass hurts 
@danshentonlives that's a bitch  have a knuckle shuffle..that'll cheer you up
@rayyypakk haha but i want to........ :/ piano won't make me skinny... it'll just make my butt bigger.... 
@skyesweetnam hey girrrrly!!! Where's your crazy ass been? I miss our chats. 
I just realized i had bird feathers on my butt 
sittin at dads...freezing my ass off! this sucks...bc i miss him 
i just pulled out this anaconda! im not talkin bout my dick but this big ass ingrown hair. damn curly belizean hairs 
@edgybaby ommmmggggggg sancocho....my fav!!!! I think I might buy some....I have a pounding ass headache 
@Michaelaax aw, you bum  leaving me all aloney (u)
Just got done eating this fat ass whopper. Lol I want another one. 
owe, my butt hurts lol im sitting on my uncomfortable computer chair 
i think my belly is actually shrinking.  unfortunately so is my ass 
dunno if i can keep watching this so late..  should have waited for B.. at least I could hide behind his big ass when i got scared lol
I need to carry mah ass to sleep. I'm losing too much beauty rest. 
@eckorecord IMY too! @GummyBearBoy  i know  come spank me! @MacyCan its up your ass! 
why in the world did i kick my boyfriend's butt? 
stupid @janetfungus suck ass!!! i hate u foreverrrr.... do i have to hate u too, @lazyass_ ? 
@missdolan what is neosporin? i LOOVEE huge nasty shit on my arm 
@truffle_shuffle What an ass. So sorry 
huhuhu.. i mizz u so much my humpty dumpty.. 
@davegonzo urqhhh ur ass so siqned off aim on me 
gymm alone cause madeline wouldnt get her ass up 
I worked out for an hour and i swear my ass got bigger and not in a good kim k way 
just got back from kudat. back ache and numb ass hahahaha he's stuck there 
@InEveryWordISay I'm happy for you. I need to work my butt off more! I only lost 6 pounds   Granted I need only to lose perhaps 10 more.
@deekATTACK and they're the ones that have pants that aren't on their asses. i stopped teasing my hair and shit because of them too 
Having the stomach flu while pregnant sucks! It equals getting a shot in my ass 
having a stupid ass barbecue for my stupid ass friends to eat stupid ass food before we go to a stupid ass party later. 
@Muffyn  it wasn't. A wreck it was a smidgeon of paint that's running my ass 240
@Emmaroo i can only say bitch  oh ass too, i think. And &quot;kiss my ass!&quot;
@mandyxclear and my butt still hurtz 
@augustusian up your butt &amp; around the corner.  jk. haha
My thighs are killing me I don't know why. This freaking sucks. 
My ass hurtssss I been in this chair for like 3 hours 
bronchitis is kicking my ass 
 had to buy corney ass capri&quot;s ughhhhhhhhhhh now im hungry
My ass just fell asleep sittin in this chair for more than a hour. 
quoting @kmzrtl &quot;fail on so many levels!&quot; my lmao sounded more like crying my ass off cause my jaw was hurting while i lmao. 
poor sam. such a hot guy but he is destined for a flat ass. all truck drivers have a flat asses. and he's only 21 
tampa im here! i need to stretch.my legs and butt hurt 
My ass hurts from sittin here + my battery is almost dead 
But @dndrnkrd is a dick. 
oh owie my nosey still burns from eating that cheery and spinning my head. its was like a cherry-cocain-high-sting. be careful kids. 
the comic is such an ass. poor sherman 
is REALLY hurt right now! Guys suck ass! 
@carrielinn83 I'm trying! I can't help it if insomnia kicks my ass most nights 
just biked home...froze my ass off  but got a good excersize
watching titanic just makes me want to talk to him even more  lucky ass stephanie that gets to go to brazil.
@shershantreyl you suck my big ass is in a nine now 
Wit @ROXEDUHHH crazy ass she's mad piffed I wish I was 
sitting under my electric blanket freezing my ass off 
@illal i hope you feel better soon. bum out 
dog just bit me  hand a huge ass lump on my hand now :@
im such a lazy bum bum. luggage still unpacked.  help?
spooni is an idiot for hurting her arm 
on my way to this bumb ass job  got da booskie on the mind
I got this big ass sun hot. I think I'm toooo cute I'm cold ass shyt with this dress on yoooo y the housin lady juss grilled me 
caught a bug from my brother, a really BAD one. my throat is killing me and I'm hacking my ass off 
@MariahCarey this arab can`t w/out as the old hips r wearing away &amp; hurt  but i do give a mean disabled side kick lol haha. (high yah) lol
@jazlync same here! Only im at wack ass work 
Eatting breakfast wit @djredz...@flyyseni I'm so jealous u goin to a.c without me, my ass will be @ work 
@sabby_sabs crazy ass member that was about to hit me!  wahhhh!!!
doesnt have anymore fruit to eat, &amp; is being a bum cuz she doesnt want to get up and buy some 
@dat_ass 
@katebuckjr im so jealous i want a touch screen! *stomp, stomp* 
ugh my dad is such a buttmunch!!!! i swear i tried everything to let me go bt he jus had to b a butt...  ugh!!!!!
sweet, i just fell down on the stairs. my ass fucking hurts. 
In a bitch ass mood , I just want to drive 
Kicking myself in the ass... and yet I can't stop looking.. fml. But it's nice and depressing to remember everything I had and gave up. 
has definitely bruised her bum 
i really don't give a bum anymore 
why don't fabs have jokes on the lolly stick anymore? 
@LolaAM  clean ure ass crack
@jesstar619208 hes bn a pain n the ass an he jus threw me n a  huge puddle of water 
@daydreamer87 must've suffered head damage or something when he got his ass whooped as a French soldier lol I'm being really mean now 
@mofgimmers Not in my blogging world. We support each other, and we're nice and kick ass even if we don't agree. No time for that shit 
@fishnetgypsy i am concerned that my stalking will turn around to bite me in the ass.not in the fun way either...i need to censor myself 
omfg i hate my computer  its a meanieee butt
@nikkilynnsd are you trying to shrink your ass?? but what will i stare at when we hang out now?? 
I made bomb ass rice and bomb ass salsa like always. Now everyone can eat n watch lakers and I'm going mimis..I'm so tired..getn sick 
and my ass still hurts 
@leafytea hue, my butt really hurts!!! 
imm trying too out ipics on my computerr butt its not working!! 
@GlobalPatriot I won't make it tomorrow  paper is kicking my butt!
@abbyyyy__ yea the skirt on the model wasnt even the one she was selling  dumb ass.
@muSicFienDkiCks she's a hot ass mess 
Sitting next to a stinky ass dog  doctor tomorrow hopefulu
@Betheaeroplane me too &lt;3 aw. ur poor cute butt  i'm going 2 lay down&amp;try and sleep. i love you so much. you can text me if you'd like.
I have 3 mosquito bites on my butt from sitting in the grass. 
#iremember when women didn't show their ass and titties online 
@imthedude whats wrong  do u need to grab my boobs and @singlexxx  ass
waiting very impatiently in the er.dislocated knees suck..ouch 
Some fat ass who rammed me into the grass patch ruined the whole ride for me. 
Man these school trousers make my ass look huge 
must do my geo ass which is due 2moro. crap having started 
must do my geo ass which is due 2moro. crap haven't started yet 
@cedceballos youuuu take ya ass to bed lol ... I can't sleep 
@LeslieLoveXOXO i knowwww so sad for my sexxxxyyy ass dwight.  i miss u les! lets hang out sooon! 
parents suck ass...its official 
I'm my way to wack ass west chester 
stupid trains im sat around waiting for a train to come in and also i need a job but im to crap to get one  mighty ass-nut
bum sore again.  how do i add ass meat?
big ass fight wif the family now dcf is getting involved 
@Jeknexus aww  &lt;3 why would people hate you?  their just ass holes &gt;!! i wish the whole world would go against haters
@L__I__Z yea, i thought about marrying it, but the gay porn sites kept trying to poke me in the ass... so i broke up with it 
my bosses wife be baking her ass off!! guess ill run this off later cause I cant stop eating them! 
This Drawzilla remix is kicking my ass. 
My ass is all wet! 
@edmarsh But i was using my whole ass! 
I got cheese on my butt 
Photobucket hates me and won't let me upload any of these hot ass pics 
Why is my dumb butt so big 
so mad this lady hurt the mess outta my big toe 
@FunkyPaul only joking, jealous really.. i didn't get the chance to be a bum 
@fvckinjmoney DUDE!! where is this all at?? I just got a new big ass hello kitty ring, but no bling on it. 
@kandyice1 i see how chicks w dresses feel in the club. i always get my ass and junk groped 
 I'm getting my ass beat n bowling again.
Owwww my ribs sitll hurt soooo bad 
Her ass is eating me  she got a donkk
arg another bad ass headache 
@kellbell68 heyyyyyyyyyyyy you haven't seen my butt it could be a nice one you don't know  ......you dream wrecker
I miss your sexy ass @yoscottie 
Please help me  fuck she hates me I want to die dam it stupid ass me I can't belive im fucking it up I'm sorry
So, I like the most worse person ever. For one, EVERYONE likes him and he's such an ass!  And only to me! Some of his ass acts:
hittin the pillow... bed feels sooo empty with out my king in it 
@djknucklehead you're such an ass.  but I love you!
Crying my fucking ass out 
@fubar69 i dont get to sleep at work. thats our man @fartingpen! i have to work my ass off 
I fell in kickball and have a massive raspberry on my ass 
@ home sick ass hell 
Just woke up head killing nose spewing(soz) tummy twistin...im dyin 
@MARQUESoliverp I did but twitapocolypse is kickin it's ass  google it.
one leg fucked up scar aahh, the other, giant ass bruisee , 
@Smitheejr But no wang shots. 
My neck is now hurting my left ear. It's late and I'm just a restless gal, tossing and turning in my bed with the damn shameful brace on 
has a really sore bruise on his ass 
they need to make bus seats more comfortable..my ass is hurting 
At home sik ass hell...UUUGGHHHH...I hate this feeling 
Morning twit fam.. just got up, not feelin too well, allergies r kickn my butt. i ate too much flour now im paying for it 
I'm a very optimistic person but its real hard to keep my head up when I'm put in these crappy ass situations 
@couture basically.  - I'll be 21 with saggy ass tits if I don't get this bra shit together.
@Midian42 i am having to reload the pg over and over... my browser is taking forever this morning. what a pain in the ass i am 
@johnniehandsome lol he is and his corny butt always got jokes! U and @ruhlaveray aren't here so both of my partners in crime are gone!  
day from hell, cut into the skin in between my fingers doing some funky ass cut and its so deep 
checking to see if rebecca has messaged me back... nope  im about to get on a plane to ireland just to kick her butt
there is a fucking pinched nerve in my neck 
i'm feelin tired and its only 7pm  lord have mercy on my sleepy ass
babysitting my annoying ass lil sisterr 
@vassago i can't connect to boingboing  it's not a lego zombies videogame is it? because that would kick ass
only hours until lame ass workk  booo
2 more hrs left of this longass drive. my ass hurts and there's a rash on my leg from idk what 
My butt is as wide as the chair I am sitting in.  I don't like it 
I got an ugly ass tan on my legs 
@sylviaheiser: your an ass hole 
eww just don't look at me like im not standing here dumb ass! 
stupid shit...i hate my retard hands i cant even type without my pinky  you make me fell bad too. sorry
I wish I could go to the parade 2mrw.  fuck ass starbucks.
just whacked myself in the head with laptop screen. ow! hope that shit doesnt bruise 
Ugh my damn ribs hurt! 
write you crazy ass emails like such 
my butt hurts soooo bad from too many butt excercises  uhhhh
going to sleep after a ass kicking in the gym . . . . ouch.  
reveling in my bum-induced stupor. 
shitty ass night...bed now...work at 7 
so so so angry, my as new mercedes, is now just a merc with a sad ass  some dick slammed into the back off me while sitting in traffic
getting ready for some crazy ass data mining exam 
My ass is magnetic 
god damn fat ass...  i got so fat
@Jaxthatgirl I'm sorry you feel so sucky, esp after such a kick ass weekend.  
i did not get enough sleep...i need to be continuing with my random ass dreams 
the GMATs kicked my ass...I don't think I'm going to get the score I wanted 
Cleaning my messy ass closet and room.  I never let it get this bad. Thats how you know its summer!
@theslayer730   feel better soon sweetie!  throat infections suck ass!
back from a long lunch. I tripped and almost busted my ass in my heels  lol.
aw nooo....my fav model @kaliyahpjones twitter is sick  she needs to get her barbie ass on to fix it! lol
@violinistliz i wish i had free boobs  (manboobs dont count, i dont want them)
@Sistersoftmoon - sites like that can be such a pain in the ass  I hope ya get it all straightened out!
@Missannisaalyia LOL not anymore  im still sick it sucks ass
dieing slowly cus im not watching the game  ... ugh school is a pain in the ass !
I just love how i get to sit at the mall for hours...even when i'm not working!  what a lame ass
http://twitpic.com/7ohwh - Then I told him to suck my dick but he left running !!! 
@westiemamajd lol, huh? People walk into a closet and somehow end up in hotteefreak's butt? I wanna know where this closet is. 
@ahmanduhhh i heard he likes dick but i don't know if its true. he is so adorable now 
@KissaHasRSD yeah, I've been doing physio for 6 years but lately it's been kicking my butt more than usual 
i ripped the butt of my cute rock and republic jeans by doing the post-wash stretch  fml..
@thatgirlvirg damn if ii waznt stuck n weak ass stockton 
Just walked past the scariest bum 
I have a painful bump on my bum...think its a bug bite, sux 
stupid ass under belly button hairs caught the top of my shorts 
@MissErinDanii  damn. reverse psychology my ass. this is why I switched majors. haha
@XhrissyConrad lol thats rite....well my ass aint made of money rite now..... 
I'm such a bum 
getting my ass handed to me in wabble... 
Oh my god I have to poop sooo bad, a little just trickled out oh my butt 
At the besties house, everything changed and she got a nice ass coach purse 
@revilInk no mate wanted to go but got no money and the wife is being a lazy ass.. 
@KissIzAmazing ok well i cant sneak on no bags big as my ass is so umm.... come back 
my butt hurts, so sleepy, sooo tired and so cold. 
@LWPEANUT32 lol right...but im mad he gave us this quick ass break 
I feel like an ass. I just spilled all my coffee on the floor of the train... and have nothing to clean it up with. 
@iluvbarney ill give them nuclear war heads from my ass to fight with. (N)  omg Q14 only 
The heat has zapped the smart ass right out of me. I have nothing 
..hunger for food smh ..stomach is comin put my ass 
this cold is kickin my ass! i feel like shit 
I will never try to be sexy and shave my monkey chest ever again. Its all itchy and shit 
@russhelle geez r u serious?? lemme get my ass back in line and wait my turn 
darn i was supposed to go to citywalk, but rahim, being a butt, didnt want to go.. so now im not going.  :
@nannerzxox ohh, well why is my bf an ass?  I
@centerfold My ass being big? It was the way they said it that made me be all 
this weather suck butt ugh I wish I was wit him 
I swear I need 2 stop twitterin when im walkin on these jagged ass sidewalks. I keep trippin and my open toe sandals dnt protect my feet 
i hate ppl  seriously i wish some would just leave me alone. the hemorrhoids i've developed from some of you being so far up my ass
if i drove id b sittn n traffic...on the bus im sitn nxt 2 a wet ass lady and her wet ass dog and screamin ass kid...i can't win  WTFUCK?!
idk why but my thighs are sore. 
walking all over the hot ass lake with frank gave me blisters 
ouch! got two shots on the butt 
Oh and...why hasent she called me  ha knowing her ass she's probley sleep
My goalie pants make it look like i have a dick 
I still feel like ass so i need to turn in early. I'm getting old used to have an immune system like a tank  now im a pinto 
#iremember when i got a shot on my butt 
BK once again for the weekend...If it wasnt for the puppy, I'd stay my ass here 
anyhow @DonnieWahlberg hates my ass! 
man yeah tried to be billy bad ass and do weight on my legs and mannn in soooo much pain 
@brazilianmami7 if good pussy do dat den I neva had it 
My tootsies hurt  fuck cute shoes. @jamjamkabbam owes me a foot massage ;)
fighting with my dumb ass best friends  it hurts really bad
@Jvannasone But I don't got a pussy.  lol
@peterfacinelli that ALL suck ass  i'm sorry! trying hard to get more followers for you! this sickness is making it difficult though =/
just got home after 2 classes. had a great time in bodyjam despite landing on my butt on bodystep. dang! my butt hurts right now. ugh 
sitting on my ass being bored 
ew, i don't want them! cooties make your butt fall off. actually.. maybe i do want them. stupid butt 
i feel like a bum demmit. :| 
Hells no I can't do both. I'm a fat ass I can't  @SpiceFlow
fell from staircase just now at school. fck my butt so damn hurt! 
Just bit a chunk outa my cheek 
OUCH!!!! Just busted my ass AND missed my train 
Now I'm sitting here ashy legs in booty shorts &amp; a tank top looking like a bum. How did a breakfast run turn into a disaster? fml 
back in bust-ass training 
Just yanked my bar out of my tragus  ouch
@marginatasnaily  tell him to sort it out n drag his ass to the indian.. xxx
ouch!!! cant believe the iron fell on my head and burnt all my arm!!!! damn jen for trying to help tidy up!! 
Sneezing my fucking ass off again!?!? Grrrrrrrrrrrr bloody pollen 
@aTruUrbanL I can't  I'm sorry babes..bff will disown my ass if I'm not there..she always supports my events so I gotta b there..
I'm a bum. I just woke up. I forgot @anthonyraneri was gone. 
Just got a shot in my butt. I feel like a toddler. And it hurts 
my so called friend cancelled twice this wk  its a gd fing i luv her and she had genuine reasons or i wud b kickin her ass rite now. lol
whack ass miami....it's pouring 
fuck! i just whacked my knee on my desk right where there is already a badass bruise... and it hurt like a bitch! 
some old guy in cc's just pulled up the leg of his shorts all the way to his crotch and i just happened to look up as it happened 
@ELLISNYC u forgot to add I'm also confined to a very small part of this small ass base  can't find any trouble LOL
I want to throw my dog.  that hurts saying butt shes getting on my nerves and hurting me. :l
My effing neighbor wont quit with the obnoxciously loud ass music 
@Maudelynn what an ass.  Some people are just jerks 
my fucking neck is literally KILLING me 
looking back, I hate my yearbook pic! I look like an absolute shit-head  LOL
Just got done cutting @icontips hair, and hooking @ashmoneybank up too! Tired from this draining ass weather  quik nap b4 club! I C iT...
A bitch is feeling like she got the taco neck 
@retrochic20 well i'll still look like a bum. but with red lipstick. if i can find any. i can't find mine 
http://twitpic.com/7v38w - I had to cut my long ass nails cos one of em broke  i feel naked lol
has gained weight and has been working her butt off losing it! sit ups, push ups, and no microwave popcorn!  kill me!
@leigh13 not so much, I have to be up at 5:30 to get my ass kicked 
my knees are still shaking...eff you P.E 
i think i need a new seat for my bike cuz the one i have now hurts my ass 
My Twitterfon app is starting to suck ass!!! 
I swear to jebus if he does something stupid imma raise him from the dead and kick his ass. 
boys suck ass!!!!  can't believe he said that!!!!
@philipbloom I think that is sadly absent from the internets  That or the ass holes just stand out :/
just realized my butt pockets are still wet  fail
Ugh shudnt of shaved cuz now my chin is scratching my neck 
i wish i had a big ass 
my fucking mouth is killing me.... stupid ass dentist 
i just got my butt beat in monopoly 
I really wish I could just get a bomb ass massage right now 
in beverly hills at a bomb ass club but bored? 
@Qalballah yeah. life's kicking my ass too! 
@collegiate84 nothin procrastinating on gettin up n out in this dumb ass rain 
jasmine punched me in the ass. ooooowwwwwwwwwww. 
I use to change her shitty pampers and do her nappy ass hair I dnt want he to grow up 
My 3 lil goon ass brothers are leaving me 2day  Now what am I supposed to do for entertainment now?!?
That apple didn't taste right. And forgot to put the stopper on the heavy ass RS door before the handicapped lady came in ugh 
i wish corina would wake her ass up and stop being angry with me 
The farmers market is kicking my ass! 
___my dad is acting like an ass again 
@johnlim i don't have enough glue for big ass chain yet 
My butt is numb  Wtf
Ugh just burned my ass 
I just pulled this huge ass splinter out of my big toe. It hurts 
Befronka:@Allynshs09 those best creations go straight to my ass  and I can't afford them on me right now.
a od cute nigga wit dreads &amp; some ova tight ass pants ... I'm mad  lol
@smuttysteff Aw, that sucks!  What a pain in the ass. 
aaaah a work. i am a douche bag dick head, didn't know what orange meant 
@SaucaManSahota trout lake .. This butt is my only entertainment .. I'm so boooooored  hah
@scfortune wouldnt suggest doing to many abs, youll fuck up your back 
if i knew how to i would twitpic this crazy ass dude on the stage!!! 
@karriedaway  that's fucking ass
Just installed a heavy ass air conditioner in my basement, my arm hurts. 
Wicker seats hurt my ass. I have straw indents in my butt now 
My ass hurts from getting it kicked all over the field tonight  ahhhhhhhhhh!!
i'm backkk!! lol i havent been on in a minute...im friggin sick  my nose and ears are stuffed up and i feel like absolute shitt!
@JaMaalBuster mann i cant drink due to my lame ass diet...ima stay my lame ass home 
tired, bored, confused, angry, all emotions good and bad, mixed together in my body...makes for a lousy ass cocktail...thats for sure 
@ComptonAssDeezy lol i kicked his ass  he tried to choke me
hell hath no fury like the butt of a constipated child  
(FOLLLOW) @BinkieER before she kick my ass!! 
@donhalejr awww they never made it 2 suuuuwooooop u?  I sowwwwy we wit ur bff actin an ass!
@oooweeeMelaNie nobody told yo butt to go home! i wanted to see u too! 
have a huge ass headache, i bit my tounge, my apps arent working, my tooth hurts  this was such a great night!
@dulcet aw  I'd lend ya a ski mask but I don't ski or burgle. So just smile, I've been shot in paintball at pointblank range in the ass xD
just made a complete ass out of herself... 
ilk someone smoking some stank ass weed outside my house.  ugh
hey would an ice pack work if I put it on my ass I think it's got a bruice 
I approve of organic chickens, but I wish they would de-neck the damn thing so i don't have to blunt my knives on bits of neck  now wine!
  my ear hurts.  i blame cheap-ass earrings from claire's.  screw those.
I've actually sat on my ass long enough for it to be numb. I miss my sisters laptop 
@keanudy i knw how you feel  when ithought it was broken i couldnt use for 2 years @-) it sucked ass :| xD
@KhloeKardashian I would be, but I'm a lazy ass! I need some motivation. 
omg!!! its so hot! my air sux in my car  my ass is sweating. stupid leather seats. eewwww!!
I got that nasty cold that's going around.  I need to stop working my tush off. I wracked up so much ot it's not even funny.
my butt would be rated a 10/10 but i have a weird tanline. so i give myself an 8.5/10 
Plastic Chairs make my butt hurt!  lol!!!!
@RyanSeacrest not enough!!! Just a slap on the wrist. I'ts ashame, u no he's laughing, the cocky sob  just glad R stayed away from him.
@kimmymary i know what ya mean i inherited my dads short jaw, so it made all my teeth outta line 
@ChilliVerdi you found her? sorry im a slow ass when it comes to twitting 
@XclaudX yeah it does lol my head hurts and to top it off i think im getting sick  this sux ass lol
forget y'all @QueenxCP and @P0l0R0iDPRETTY! i thought we was bros  twittering from the new (old ass hand me down) laptop.
Walking around the school with my ass stained black lol damn you swings 
fuck being ill  I hate anemia it bites ass!!
http://twitpic.com/85nuy - They prolly takin advantage of his purrty ass in jail 
I think I sprained my effin neck  UGHH
sitting here waiting for this boring ass orientation to start 
goddamn, my ass is on fire seriously, whatever i ate last night at applebees burns on this end... 
goddamn, my ass is on fire seriously, whatever i ate last night at applebees burns on this end... 
@david hayy gurll i know i would always kick your ass but thats not the pointt  i miss you bb its scorching hot here
@CristaltheGreat ....wit my nasty ass 
finally home from work  tired ass hell 
@kaylala19 hahahaah my dads such an ass, i miss you alreaddyyy 
The economy can kiss my ass. 
@BrentLauren seriously lol...this dude was hardcore staring @ me in starbucks while he picked his teeth!  skeeve...
i LOVEEE it when u smack my ass @_missash_! dont move 
@che3 I use to think the movie they had was bad ass! Until I found out they weren't bad ass 
i just hope that i can get my butt out of bed early enough to actually go on a run. is it gonna happen?  i hope so! g'night fellow twits
Just woke up, thinking about my drawing style...whaaaa i'm such a lazy ass 
@sprinkletopping are you vomitting out yer butts too? 
Having trouble sleeping cuz freezing my butt off 
I love cookies. I don't love what the do to my ass 
0500 wake up.  gnnniight. Even tho my ass is still guna be up. wdf!
@ojodieo really really want to.but im full of ass 
@yendisongbird LOL noooo this dusty ass area. Not good for me 
Just got to wrk. N already ready to go  not realy for this boring ass meetin this early. 
@lepetitvagabond I wish ;-( unfortunately it's my ass ballooning 
@85PrettyGirl my can't spell assets without ass! Actually I don't have much of an ass  oh well. The check still won't bounce.
@kristanichole i like when i don't have to wake up ass early to run in order to escape the heat! but, i have a serious lack of a tan... 
@iJohn kitteh is sleepin on my crotch which proves she likes me more 
woohoo, just beat @simX's ass at typeracer...once. 
@pplist yep - doing my best viking impersonation - even without the helmet 
@litrik I prefer dutch hosters ... you can still drive there and don't feel guilty when you are kicking their asses 
smaaack that ass! hahhahahaa  i make myself laugh!! oOooOh sleeeep! ahha g'niite!
@hippojuicefilm Hells yeah they do. I feel so bad ass  Unfortunately I still look like a total square to everyone else 
@russmarshalek I'll pas that along to our vet...who kinda wants to beat my ass 
@giedrius try a database with roughly 400mil. row and wrong indexes  it's a pain in the ass...
17 Again!  The movie looks so funny!!! I cannot wait!!! I just need to get my tush outta bed. lol
@xmarycatherinex I miss yo ass 
Spinning kicks my ass and I love every second of it 
@willsexy thanks man!!  We'll keep playing rocking-ass shows as long as we can 
@BadAssFrank frank, u are truly bad ass! 
Foot has been tended to and bandaged - time to get my ass to bed 
got some sick ass jeans 
@MrFlossy was that cue for me to bend you over and kiss your ass to make it better.. again? 
@nithinkd heh.. does that mean u just called urself a dummy? 
I was angry for almost a second because my ass and thighs are too sore to go back to sleep. But then I remembered how they got that way 
@krypticminds there always has to be a smart ass somewhere  have fun
ready for the mall with @mmolnaird still feeling kick ass from last night! 
@swaeshampine sebastian is an ass. A big one. 
Oh, and my tattoo itches like a bitch or a bad case of crotch critters...not that I would know or anything 
@OperaDiva114 i agreee 100000% demi needs to get her butt in pittsburgh! haah 
@eliphant I miss you MORE. At least I get to see your sexy ass tomorrow 
@haideralmosawi i need a b4 n after shots of yer desk 
@Justiselasley shit then I'll come snuggie my ass in there and watch it 
tkd was good tonight. i lol'd when one of the noobs bell on his ass  made me smile
early morning sucks ass now school and then a nap  yay!!
is really enjoying not freezing his ass off in the mornings. 
@jeckman fanny pack, I mean bum bag, either way they both sound wrong 
So happy i got to see him tonight!! He makes me happy even when he's being an ass to me haha 
@JK2four7 whaddyamean .... beacuse i dont have a phat ass ? 
@vbright 'tis nobler to suffer this slings and arrows my lilly white ass..'tis dead be more like it 
@JaylaStarr danmm he kills your ass :-o loll good one 
@shelby_says don't make me get brutal on your ass 
Lolol, i hope you see this  you stupid dick.
@itsoscaryo y r u up so early? If I know u like I know u...ure lil butt was up all night lol. Abnd thanx 
@elisharene did you like the amount? I'm such an ass 
baking cookies for my fat ass right now.  
@rismanitia that is mean! kick their asses babe 
Last undergrad exam  now i just have to efficiently move my ass outta my apt
I want a fat ass cheeseburger. Who's with meeeee?  
Going to dance my ass off now!!! 
At tin lizzy with my kick ass friends and lovely girlfriend 
Rarely, if ever, do I get my ass handed to me...  thanks, http://lanfears-lair.stumbleupon.com/.  
@chrisluvssixxam you finally roll yo ass in!!! 
@Jennatonic84 haha shots will put me on my ass!!! 
@volcommloverrr3 if they do we could beat their asses 
@beyondbeauti wake yo regular ass up  you aint got no reason to be sleepin in lol
@mileycyrus lazy=so fabbb... umm P.S. props to your hot ass boyfriend babygirllll 
@NikkixoRawr lol it was fun. I kicked his ass  he is really nice fun and sweet ha and hottt 
i have my tequila  i feel like a kid with a big ass piece of candy 
@andrewjanis, i'm sure that talk will kick butt. 
finally home for once after a dope ass week 
7846 - almost catching @comedyqueen up, so gonna kick her ass, and woop i will b joing the 10k mile high club soon 
@agriggs8 is what it takes, I am soooo dragging his ass up there!  
@sethsimonds Get my ass out the door and go to work   I'm goin, I'm goin!!!!
@njgetsketchy *is bad ass...He still is 
@MissCindyBaby  I wasn't tryin to call you out, I just remember my dad ALWAYS had my ass late. He never got in trouble, I did.
working my ass off and I am completely happy 
@esmeg Had one of the female servers tell her ass looks big in those pants. She will worry all night long Lol 
@nancyisgold hahahaha! i laughed my ass off just now. thanks 
@sueleeBAYbee audiotistic! sneak your little butt in 
@HilHolla have fun on flashy fed hill..im sure you're imported cheeto eating ass will fit in lol 
feeling nice... got a big ass smile on my face for no reason  @mralister take my ass to sleep right? lol
@MrCav lol.. ass monkey 
got in a fist fight with a old biker guy.......and how dare you even ask, yes i kicked his ass 
I dont associate with fake asses! 
left 'Naked' at @iarebinky on her little ass bed  even though my feet stll hurt my nite was made ;-)
and.... then we broke up ... and he went back to being an ass hole! 
is looking forward to seeing coraline this evening in 3d in uber seat.... my fat ass will never have felt so comfy 
@Jeezi dan i gotta ask you... why do they call you jeezi now??? kick ass gig on friday! i offically cannot move my neck!  x
I just made some kick ass french toast 
soccer game. let's kick some ass! woot 
@TialeyVintage yeah! us too! I think you'll be delighted  we've been busting our butt here 
my ass itches....i felt like you all needed to know that 
@mandis13 kick ass 
@BeerBear not up in the 17yo butt = good neighbor 
@sharepointkevin not when it's kicking your ass it's not 
@MaxGeiger I know - kicks ass for what it is. I wouldn't be a geek if I wasn't arguing results and dreaming up higher fidelity sim. 
waiting for a motivating kick in my ass 
@molliecait yay!! but idk what game you'll be watching, the only one ill be watching is the cubs kicking ass kthx 
@carolynaaa28  i know it sucks ass wishing more then ever i was on that cruise!!!  have fun!!
All good things come to those who wait.even if its a long ass time.  yes I meant ass.
tweetin on the palm 
My butt is going numb. Just thought you guys would like to know that. 
I fell asleep on the couch anddd I miss my butt 
@_supernatural_ http://twitpic.com/5cp4j - lovin' the jaw 
@andyclemmensen why even bother with an open butt flap. just go nakie every where chu go. pretty sure no one would mind,  x ily
had fun with katie this weekend  her photos kick ass
whoever invented the subject business management will get my foot up there ass. 
Right here  smart ass http://tinyurl.com/pzlaff
I frickin love his ass even more 
@raymoondoe get ur ass to work u bum 
Trying not to sit on my butt 
These headphones kick ass at blocking out outer noise! 
Man just experienced the earthquake!  That shit was badd ass lol 
People are so funny... I think they forget that if your an ass... you will never get what you want 
riding with punk ass  (+--%)
#3turnoffwords I dont have any..well ur ass outta luck cause u ant gettin any  booyaaahsaahkaa
@liltwist I thought you'd like that.      @YoungCash whoops @nbTaydizm's ass all da time!   lol
@BrandyWandLover where are you getting there kick ass pics?! deeeeeeeeeeelightful 
@scottjanousek is clearly working his ass off  http://twitpic.com/5f3jk
thinking of blogging.. but i'm such a laaaazy ass! 
Flembonator @chelseaaa whenever you have your ass on msn, geezs us a bell doll 
@miketruong you down for another concert?!? We'll get your butt to boston!! 
@GlowingAbortion yeah, gotta keep that butt clean for your daily rim job! 
finally got car back  wack ass school tho
what! babe!! lol  its not my fault! your the one with a hottie butt!!
wasting away in the wastelands of a devistated d.c. with my lazer rifle in hand and with hawkes the big ass mutant. yeah i love fallout 3 
@SarahSymmonds Does'nt he know where the kitchen is - lazy sod - give him a slap 
@joe_spear yoooooooooooooooooooooooooo  
@chocololic_tanu ofcourse we do......and they make us wanna kick the teacher's butt 
i feel like a bit of a dumb ass. 
still laughin my ass off at last nights antics! Never have I laughed soooo hard! Hilarious! 
@HazalSelena yes O_o HAHA  I hope you'll like the intro  and don't you dare leave me again ;) or I'll kick your ass  lmao
@YOniya  yo ass was flying!..cruise control @ a 100 n shit...- did that before and got my ass pulled over..
@TerrenceJ106. U should have told her and that voice box gone b bad 2 if ur ass keep on smokin them cancer sticks  lol
graphics class owns your ass. 
@litlestar23 sometimes it feels that way to me too...but sometimes its just the slap on the ass I need  #followfriday
@CariBNprincess lil ass car LOL 
at lame ass school lol on theee sidekick(: hit me up if you got one! 
My butt is numb! 
@RealityTVBuzzz she was always annoying. I was waiting for milf to kick her ass 
@xChix o: *pokes your squishy boobs too* verray sqeeeshy 
@JordanLeanne I still want to hang out with your crazy ass. 
@souffront_ I love your skank ass too 
@IAMTHEMATRIX  ahahha i got a nice ass i have to admit the belly tho need to go.. hittin the gym tomorrow again 
kelly suck my dick 
@ChrisHiter What? your ass backwards 
If uz a phony ass nigga yeaaa shove it up ur ass!!! Lol im such a thug today. 
@RDBONES Or Lybo=laughing your butt off 
@PaulJoseph smart ass. I just might. 
@flowertucci i wish your ass would eat my tongue, swallow it whole 
@ret247 hey drunk ass you sent that to yourself 
@SarahKSilverman u basically have an imaginary hacky sack... kick ur feet, throw ur knees up and your chest into it... its sweet 2 music 
 ur ass Is pippin
@asdavis10 lmao sorry  I am so freakin sleepy and I'm still kicking ass
@HeathCastor I said bad ass! But thanks!! 
@MKCOL @mkste my bad ass is staying put! 
Besides I rather watch my sexy ass live anyway 
@bkbap this tad isnt the same without your little perverted ass 
