Most common words for this cluster:
[('assignment', 167), ('assignments', 100), ('task', 16), ('time', 6), ('homework', 5), ('com', 5), ('done', 5), ('ta', 4), ('p', 4), ('plurk', 4), ('uni', 4), ('english', 4)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'assignment', 0.9217318892478943), (u'assignments', 0.8900987505912781), (u'assigments', 0.5459177494049072), (u'Ziegfeld_Follies_sequence', 0.5419681668281555), (u'Jeremiah_Hartsook_hit', 0.5348930358886719), (u'Assignments', 0.5265557169914246), (u'task', 0.5193369388580322), (u'Shauna_Wonzer_covers', 0.518942654132843), (u'tasks', 0.5145204663276672), (u'Diving_headfirst', 0.5104629993438721)]





Is terrified she accidentally deleted a reference in her management assignment and hopes she doesnt get in trouble when she gets back 
gotta do my cooking assignment  its too hard
Too many assignments 
Another assignment to be done! an dinner with dad tomoz! 
is doing her dreaded assignment 
Feeling really crappy about an overdue assignment.  Completely mucked up another assignment and left this one too late.
@sandiloo Holidays are over  and assignments are getting too close!
I am bored of doing assignments 
researching for this fantastic assignment 
It's sunny and I want to be outside but can't, for two reasons: 1.) I have to work on my assignment. 2.) It's freezing cold outside 
Is entirely sick of being unwell and needs to get on with assignments. Blleeeuuurrrggghhh! 
Has her last last assignment of her degree to do today.  Then... unemployed 
has so many assignments to do!!!!!! 
really needs to sleep.....but has to do her assignment 
completed an assignment for this sem; 2 more due to be finished by this month. 
It's such a useless and stupid assignment..  
doing my assignment 
wants to finish this assignment but when i do i'll just have to start another one 
Finally out of my lecture...  weren't that bad back to this assignment. 
Finally out of my lecture... weren't that bad, anywhooo back to this assignment. 
demotion 
ahhh this math assignment it killing me i have been working on its for 5 hours straight and have about 5% done 
having a terrible time with my assignment 
Up, fed and watered. About to start the mammoth task which is my photography coursework. 
doing assignments 
just typed my assignment n b4 i got to save it, it stopped responding 
Just working on a biology assignment.... 
submitted 2 implementations for multimedia technology assignment, neither of them working correctly  finishing Z now
@burningsteady If I weren't finishing an assignment for E, I would. 
@jskoda It's not in assignments 
doing my assignment 
just cant seem to get this assignment done 
doing my assignment this is so fun 
two assignments to finish by wednesday 
Doing assignment work for college 
my lecturer sux  - not helping me do my concrete assignment at all  - strength at transfer deemed to comply condition - so confused :S
more and more assignments 
doing more assignments so boring  
has a terrible headache and still has to crank out 3 assignments before she goes to bed. 
2 assignments down 6 to go. 
Depression == taking a break from one assignment...to work on another 
this assignment is weighing me down 
hungryyyyy!!!!but still couldn't get lunch yet becos of the task...task...task.... 
is not looking forward to doing an assignment tonight 
Yet ANOTHER assignment to do. 
is currently doing geography assignment 
finishing all my assignment!!! huaaah 
yay, an extension to do my history assignment. I got loads of catching up to do in school 
does not enjoy doing assignments  blahhhhhhhh
 i seriously hate this assignment. sigh. and i got no mood to do other assignments also coz i'm worrying too much abt this one!! grrr!
finished my design assignment yay. Now to write y english discussion bummerrrrrrrrrrrr. I miss caeron 
doing my H&amp;B assignments.. oh the joy of theory 
assignments.. 
this assignment is absolutely boring!!! grrrrr!!! 
one assignment down; four to go 
still doing assignment 
@lee_kd Haha, i sitll havent done my assignment.  Even though i told the teacher it was finished so i have to do it and hand it into him 
Thinking that i should do my assignments. But dont want to. 
no doing my art assignment at all. pretty much i havent changed my time management skills at all 
@Wookat just wait until no more assignments ever! It's awesome. Until you fail to graduate and need to go back again 
just doing my assignments 
eww trigonometry assignment 
passed up my assignment late  there goes 10%...
@lost_architect 3 uni assignments 
Blarg, assignments. 
needs a tuition assignment badly. 
Doing my welsh assignment (n)  in by 2moro  she gave us 3 weeks to do it and i'm only just starting ahh
Working through hundreds of assignments 
@ChennyPW I feel as lifeless as ever now already  Just miss how we are piled up with assignments. At least we get to see each other maa
I have to do my assignments.  ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh crap
Still doing my assignments... 
@neerav I'm an alumnus, no more assignments  or unless u can help me help to come up with a robust product?!
at homee boredd, gotta do a assignment 
very much in need of some motivation to do my assignment 
assignment. 
I hate science ! assignments are gay .... 
I have no enthusiasm to complete this assignment 
but i have 2 assignments to finish 
very depressed that we have a summer assignment for english 
Is now doing my assignment 
is doing a french assignment..only french can make the three musketeers so boring 
is still doing her assignment and has a cold  
writing an assignment in german. not doing well. help?  /g
i'd be happier that the semester's over if law didnt give us an assignment due monday 
doing commerce assignment 
farrrrr . pdhpe assignment due next week and have english homework ! 
assignments! 
needs 1000 words for 502 part 2 .... then freedom ..... until another few assignments and exams 
is all alone  sick of doing this assignment! someone do it for me!!!
bored, got assigments to do 
assignments are literally killing me.. 
@parasolpierrot aww wish i had some latte too.. i'm getting sleepy but i have to finish my physics assignment 
semek.. two new assignments 
had a massage and is very relaxed but should be starting the next assignment 
It's too nice to be cleaning and working on an interview assignment 
just got her roommate assignment!!! too bad facebook stalking didn't pan out 
hasn't choreographed one count of 8 of his assignment yet! 
i am finally home and just wen i thought i could relax i realized the amount of assignments i have...what funn 
tiredddddd. i should be doing assignments. 
when i thought i finished my assignment, i found something else to type up 
@JonasAustralia assignments... 
trying to finish an assignment for researach methods 
@missrockwriter I'm crrrranky because i have to do stupid assignment now.  Where's baby at to cheer you up?
i hate english assignments 
@shanespargo Need to vote with my keyboard and do this assignment instead! 
woo week 13... but 2 assignments to go! 
@cheeseeecake me toooo, but i still have a heap of assignments to get through 
the only bad thing is that I'm doing my programming assignment 
@Deltanimal ooohh... that doesn't sound great   What are your assignments about?
do this task,full task... 
@tashiababiie Haha hmmmmm it is tempting... but I have other assignments and that I need to do  just come!
english homework. so screwed on the magazine assignment 
still have not finished chem assignment. it is taking forever. still have to start biology assignment 
one more assignment to do. 
@JustDes I'm good. catching up with assignments though...not funny!  what u up to?
Now its assignment time 
doing assignments in the midnight 
Wishes he was a spotter or on assignment for a storm chase 
ASPIRE hates me  If I don't get this assignment finished, it's not because I didn't try
Hating uni assignments!  
i now hate everything about the animation i'm making, and want to get it over with quickly. Next assignment better be better. 
Doing my english assignment/homework. 
is doing an assignment 
assignments are the worst 
yeah assignments 
i feel soo scikkk  and have a big assignment to do
making math assignment...bored 
4 tweets say I should submit the assignment, none against. I guess I should finish it off then submit 
@MitchLobston i just cleaned mine to, to get my mind off assignment  hahaa
English assignment 
arghhhhhhhhhhh........ really upset coz of all these assignments..... 
rubbish assignments 
Having lunch and after that I go filming for our Dutch assignment  I don't feel excited for it...
now i got a bunch of assignments to finish 
this assignment should just go die! i dont get it, its so hard 
these tafe assignments are making me sleepy, but they must be done  how crap
@miiiiiiiiiiiini indeed.  almost finished that small assignment? doesnt it take u like 2 mins to do?...
in english class, doing an assignment. 
3 assignments to go! 
well im sitting in my chair again.... doin my stupid english assignment!!!!!! 
really don't want to do this food technology assignment!  
@jjesskaa i gotta finish these assignments 
Why aren't the #tasks on #spymaster working? This task #fail is frustrating 
saturday night fill with pending assignments. 
Their all leaving me and going to lakeside  and im stuck doing my assignment then goin to work! 
I don't like doing assignments that I don't understand. 
Is fed up with this assignment gosh can not wait for it 2 be over  :@
ahhhhhh soo many frgn assignments so complete.. 
found my assignment paper.. now its time to get to these papers! 
I HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATE physics with a passion...it's currently sucking out my soul with this homework assignment 
I really don't want to do assignments, but I have to... 
Waking up and have TONS of assignment 2 do. Arghhhh, so lazy!!!! 
on the verge of finishing yet another assignment...sadly there is one more to finish afterwards 
really not liking this chemistry assignment 
i am dizzy, i have 2 posters and 1 assignment to go .... 
stuck and cannot concentrate to finish my assignment! ohh i dont even start it yet 
shaving is a difficult and painful task 
working on my assignment 
whew! assignments 
so many culminating tasks 
@PCSTACK19 re assignment n cleaning  boring hehehe
assignments! when is it ever going to end ?! 
More writing assignments yay! If only my neck didn't hurt so bad 
finished english assignment doing religion... not fun 
dong assignments grrr... 
Assignments rework 
assignments 
researching about thales.. ugh.. so many assignment plus the pressure from cheering... 
says Assignments agaiinn  http://plurk.com/p/111yhg
need to research for my assignment..huhu 
hates doing assignments. 
huhuhu...g0t many assignments t0 finisheD... 
i cant find.. it.  screw assignment. why did she have to give it to us?
is still working on her assignment!  
I have grown weary of having responsibilities. 
We did not find the book that we need for our assignment. How sad. 
One assignment down, two to go. 
@MakerOfShadows Ive gotta do an English assignment but I can't find it 
I hate doing assignments, espesially when they are in Japanese! 
wow, assignments already? It's the first meeting of the subject and the instructors give us an assignment as a parting gift. Thanks a lot 
doing my geography assignment which is kinda due in tomorrow 
well im meant to be doing my assignment....randomly surfing the internet...bored as 
I should've done this stupid assignment last night. *stomps on textbook* I hate #CarlRogers and #SigmundFreud! 
working on my task! hufp 
Really struggling to concentrate on this damn assignment   
doing my assignment. 
I do not want to make boring tasks  
w00t finally finished homework assignment in accounting ... can't celebrate too much tho ... 3 quizzes to finish tomorrow 
assignments 
bored I don't want to start assignments 
I cant stand this. this assignment is to emotional. i hate it. i want to cry. 
I am feeling fooking moody because i have to finish my assignments 
my assignment is worse than i expected. argh. 
is doin biology assignment!!shit its due on fridae 
still working on my assignments. uggghh! SO TIRED! 
is doing her assignment now! 
@ochaos I'm afraid to complete this assignment...................... 
mann i hate being allergic to some cats!  so many assignments to do! aggghhhhhhhhhhhh :O
trying to finish this assignment but means i actually gota read it  so boring!!!!
Failing is never an easy task to handle! 
doesn't want to do her music assignment 
is doing her assignment again! 
struggling with a German assignment 
writer's block :| can't do my assignment 
doing my daughter's assignments... 
Doing assignments 
shit  couldn't finish the assignments  err....
Doing hmk...........urghh its almost summer and my teacher still gives out an assignment 
so annoyed. did all my italian assignment then realised i couldve just used freetranslation.com 
Ugh definitely another allnighter... stupidest assignment ever, wahh 
fucking assignments!!!   so totally stressed out, pree much in tears THANKS TEACHEERS had 6 assignments due in the past 2 daays 
waah (( tense  our assignment doesn't seem like an assignment, it's like a project :o
doing lots of assignments..haii... 
always busy with this task..arrrgfhhhhh 
long weekend.. lot of reading assignment 
can i not have 3 assignments 
I can't do my task 
doing my assignment,geez..  
dont want to do assignments 
has so many assignments.  http://plurk.com/p/12cpnr
Too many assignments! Arggh... 
assignments 
finishing boring assignments 
now reading franchising law materials for assignment and presentation... 
is getting sick   i have assignments due!!!
Its that time again. Another assignment to do 
@batistini21 yeah but you dont have an economics assignment and exam on monday as well  and ive barely started the assignment. no ipt time
doing assignment(s) soon 
doing my f'n assignments 
assignments.. then work.. gross gloomy dayy! 
trying to finish a midterm assignment that's due tomorrow. 
scrap cairns; writing an assignment for hoffffy.  
arghhh can't be bothered to do my assignments but I know if I get them done I won't have to worry about them later on 
must concentrate on my uni assignment !!! 
on aimm . chillen . just got done doingg one of my summer assignments . ughh i still have like 4 more projects to do 
Doing numerous assignments, this sucks 
I am trying to do an assignment that iis really boring and can't be bothered to do it. I would rather be reading. 
must go for a bit twitterbugs..got 3 assignments to do  byeee xox
argh...sooo many assignments    
needs to know what to do with my art assignment!!  http://plurk.com/p/12mktf
just got the schedule for the exams i have to take again an saw i still have to do the stupid assignment that i hoped i could drop 
off to do my english assignment. 
buxie wid mah assignment . 
Just woke up. I have to do my accounting assignment today. 
Finishing assignments. 
nearly finished one task, 4 to go! 
assignment assignment assignment....   #trackle
i dunno my assignments 
passed an assignment. 9 more to go !  i so cant be arsed !
too many assignments 
@alydenisof she will always win... from now on.  eventually, you will learn to multi-task 
is finished with the assignments!  http://plurk.com/p/oxsoj
@missyklok No you should feel like you have accomplished the task of sleeping in 
only my formative assessments, summative assessments, and annotated bib is left of this stupid assignment. Yes, this is actually progress 
got 93% for first digital design assignment. 
Doing assignments 
YES! ... finished my assignment! 1 down and 3 more to go. 
still awake..doing my assignments and playing virtual farming 
@nicoleburgers i'm getting this assignment done 
doing more uni assignments 
is finally starting her assignments 
just finished an assignment ! now bed 
finished my  caps assignment 
english assignment and hungry 
Printing off second last assignment  Woohooo
the assignment is doooonnnee! and a two days early too. what do you say about that @GuitarLove08 mouhahahahaha! I'm good aren't I!?  lol
@kensodev I have an interview about my final assignment. I have no idea what we'llbe talking about, but I think I should go 
@vegancakeandtea I take my duties and responsibilities very seriously 
yayy conservation assignment and presentation over 
Just finished my assignment. 11,214 words! So glad it's all done. 
@Maaikees tough assignment? 
just finished music assignment  relieved
I got my assignment in! 
@beasley1906 that's not exactly a difficult task, kid. 
I got a high distinction for my mental health assignment   
@joviamariana he? religion assignment? well, I'm glad I don't have to do one 
have to get this assignment done...but first i have to start it  
just finished 2 projects and an essay..last highschool assignments for the rest of my life.  
