Most common words for this cluster:
[('atlanta', 121), ('nashville', 84), ('georgia', 62), ('day', 56), ('charlotte', 52), ('today', 45), ('memphis', 42), ('home', 35), ('i', 34), ('tennessee', 33), ('birmingham', 31), ('alabama', 28)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Atlanta', 0.7917854189872742), (u'Chattanooga', 0.7895203232765198), (u'Macon', 0.7861883640289307), (u'Memphis', 0.7728084325790405), (u'Knoxville', 0.7712704539299011), (u'Nashville', 0.7662132978439331), (u'Jacksonville', 0.758268415927887), (u'Gainesville', 0.7430681586265564), (u'Greenville', 0.7362585663795471), (u'Tennessee', 0.7330519556999207)]





It is snowing in Tennessee too!! 
@dysconnection is very jealous of Birmingham 
@cleolinda I suppose there aren't any around Alabama though. 
@tweetabitch Coming through Greensboro just a minute ago - sorry we didn't bring any fish 
powers out all in DeLand.. wind is so crazy it blew over a power line! but class must go on 
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Jacksonville - Florida
Off this weekend! Selma reenactment tomorrow, it's supposed to rain  figures
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Decatur - Alabama
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Fort Myers - Florida
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Jackson - Mississippi
@ndoto Woow! Shelby's gonna be crushed.  #hillhouse
@hansonmusic I wish the fan event in Tulsa was NOT during my college graduation  miss you guys!
Watching Carolina BB vs Auburn. Auburn up early 5-0. BooHoo  ...Cocks need to get in this game to take the series.
At Sonic in Florence (Y'all), KY after chasing N9UMJ-7 balloon. It landed up in a 100 foot tree in a ravine in rural southeast IN, oops 
is moving to Georgia this summer 
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Jacksonville - Florida
Just got back from bowling the city tournament in Nashville. Bowling was bad 
I seriously dnt feel good!ugh i hope i feel way better by tomorrow.even tho i probly wont.if i dnt feel better im screwed.  ***Marianna***
Is thinking about the drive 2 Nashville 
@mkutch Nothing in Alabama, the Lord Calvert wore off and now I am wide awake  I only drank it to go to sleep  LOL
Fiance's mother been taken ill, so we're both heading upto Birmingham until at least fri. 
Fiancee's mother been taken ill, so we're both heading upto Birmingham to see the family until at least fri. 
Morning #dogwalkers I'm definitely going to need some rain gear today in Lexington 
@riandawson You should do a show like this in Georgia. I can't come to the actual show. 
Last worship set in Lexington then backto Nashville for GMAs. Super bummed that Whitney is headed back home tomorrow 
@Jablonowski there's a drag queen in Atlanta with that name already 
now sitting at the Atlanta airport waiting for my flight to Orlando-wish I was going to Disneyworld 
[-O] now sitting at the Atlanta airport waiting for my flight to Orlando-wish I was going to Disneyworld  http://tinyurl.com/dyanlp
Is dreading the drive to Tallahassee today 
@WeTheTRAVIS sorry..it's all the rain that came through Memphis yesterday/last night. 
@phinnia I know   I love reading about extinct species but at the same time it makes me sad. The Carolina parakeet makes me angry.
@meghanwong omg. last year i worked on this day and i couldn't get to the other side of Georgia street to take the bus home  have fun!
@joleighp its raining here  hows the weather in Charlotte?
@MussoMitchel I demanded it in Memphis, TN! Only 6 people have demanded it here.. this makes me sad. 
Still trying to find an apartment in Gainesville... Moving sucks 
@stephenfry We spent a day off in a Biloxi casino resort that spelled out B.A.L.L.A.R.D. then we heard the news. 
On my way home from Tennessee 
Lily misses Lexington and mom  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/5163638
About to leave Lexington to return to Cincinnati.  I will miss it until the next time 
Clarence misses his Alabama... I never sleep well without you in my arms  love ya boo
@UPSCWRU I didn't realize you were so close to Charlotte...too bad the timing was off. We had plenty of time to kill at the airport. 
@Crissbond ugh we don't have 1 n Birmingham 
@steffy213 yea too bad i live all the way in Tennessee  i want to go soo bad and i want to go to the show on monday
I was about to go to sleep when Dixie decided she needed to run outside to eat grass. Waiting for her to do her business now 
got a new blackberry still trying to learn how to use it?!.... and its late! have to be a work 2mrw! Its the Kentucky Derby!... Who ppi! 
@mnrmg yeah it's a band, they had a show out here in Atlanta tonight and I went and had so much fun.I went by myself though 
I think Charlotte has chicken pox 
Spending time in Nash with my hunnie before he leaves for Florida for a whole week. Really gunna miss him 
http://twitpic.com/4ede7 - Yucky weather driving to Chattanooga 
Another day of cooking shows. KBIS , Atlanta. 3 sets today. It's my wives b day and we are in different cities 
My last day in Atlanta  Feels like I just got here.
I feel like no one is in Columbus 
at moms with the kids today... Zack's in Memphis, so I don't want to go home... 
I hate Tennessee tornado season. It makes the ground all icky. 
Last day in Charlotte and back to Fort Laudy tomorrow in the EARLY morning 
welcome to Georgia...this is moving too fast 
but he's got to go back to Charleston today 
In Tennessee with some fam! I wish it wasn't raining out! 
Leaving Columbus.......sooo sad 
regardless- im going to miss Morgantown  ... there is no place like here.
I wish my wife did not have to drive back to Georgia today 
stuck in the Atlanta airport after missing my flight  I hate the ATL....
Reading 1-2 Birmingham - starts biting fingernails 
Shreveport this week for 311, NOLA next week for Wills wedding...ahhh, time away from manager mode!  now off to manager mode 
Currently in Charlotte....but it was last min 
saying goodbye to Charleston and my friends 
Passing the Auburn exit  wish I had more time
sad my Dixie isn't feeling good 
Sissy-in-law has left   One more day in town, then off to Florida for a week.
I wish we had gotten 5* to ATL. Memphis ain't looking too promising. Hospital bills suck 
Bruins lost  Carolina's goalie Ward was godlike in his defense of the goal.
@aplusk hmmmm 4 hours from atlanta, but headed to Fayetteville this week 
Aww man, Shelby went to sleep. 
@aplusk I live in Atlanta and AMA huge fan but have tweeter u a few times and u have not responded 2 me 
@gabbiegee I'm not from Arkansas bit this time of the year I miss bring able to spend the summer there with my gram. 
I miss my PupPup. I wish I still lived in Tuscaloosa. 
i've been to Atlanta about 15 times since i've been an adult and have yet to goto a strip club. 
Just outside Lexington. Tired already 
@Yungmarvingaye aww that's not fair  I feel so left out! Columbus sucks!
is annoyed that Cincy is a Delta hub. I can never get good fares. 
4 Days until Graduation at Carolina 
@italianlace I love 80's porn too Terry Wiegal (sp) and the original Savannah 
just sang in Chattanooga TN.... Now he's hungry b/c he and Bracy last ate at 10am.  
man Atlanta does this crap every single time! what a waste 
@Mommykins41  I'd LOVE to see them. I think they came to Nashville once but it was too expensive. 
And no. Greensboro men are not as hot as Durham guys. Or maybe you all just didn't show up tonight. 
@DudeckGarner  But. But. But. Tuscaloosa loves you guys!   
@GabrielSaporta Atlanta misses you guys dearly  please come back as soon as you can! WE LOVE YOU!!
macbook didnt come yesterday.. i checked the shipping and it still says it departed from Memphis at 5am yesterday  oh well maybe monday
Going to Conway Arkansas to take adia to her dads, on mothers day 
Hit Tennessee y'all...missed the picture tho 
is back in Starkville for intersession 
In Kennesaw....have classes at 8 in the morning 
Only 1 day left in Nashville 
is sad! one and a half more days left in Duluth  I am gonna miss everyone a ton!!!
@Roby09 cool...iv always wanted to go to Florida it always luks so nice n HOT lol its always freezin here 
last finla!!! then moving to Charleston mext week!!  tesknie za toba 
@lkscobee That's good!  So how was it all??  I SOO wish I could have been in Nashville  
@RosalieWilliams YAAAY!!! i should be president! it was wisconsin, vermont, Mississippi and 1 other i couldnt get  i nearly cried lol!
@IdRatherBeSki I like it  It was really warm in Southaven, MS a couple of nights ago. This is great cuddle weather, one to cuddle with 
Heading to Alabama tomorrow morning for my grandfather's funeral. 
@blueoctoberband y'all are in Columbus tomorrow n i can't make it  tix too expen$ive for this poor gal. rock on, fellas
Sleeping...church in the morning then on a plane back to Fayetteville!  I don't want to go back!
@aliceshrinks so I was going to see if you wanted to go to the Georgia Winery for a wine tasting, but they don't mention it on their site 
I'm still on this bus ~waaaah~ and we are just in Charlotte 
Missing Philly already... Airplane just landed in Atlanta... Will be back in Jacksonville soon 
Leaving Tulsa....sad day  .....real world.....here I come.
I miss my Atlanta family, they're having so much fun without me 
Another beautiful day in Georgia! 
@RyanSeacrest DUUUDE tell the twitterverse how star trek is! i havent seen it yet  but im in Savannah  so me and your parents are close
still tired after last week's trip to Destin beach in Florida............this weekend @ hotel 
The EPrints team, OR09 cunning planning.  If only it weren't raining outside, we might be checking out Atlanta  http://twitpic.com/5djcw
Have seen too many dead alligators along I75 between Naples &amp; Port Charlotte 
leaving Roanoke after lunch with my sister. long drive ahead...always hate to leave the burg 
Looking for job as an RN. Barely anything available at Orlando Health and, while I'd really rather not work for Florida, I may have to. 
Charlotte keeps coughing. I'm worried. 
has just woken up   &amp; is going to maths this morning, then going over Charlotte's to revise English D:
Why is it so freaking cold here?? I almost miss the Mississppi sun... 
headed to Tallahassee and im so tired! loving tour and bummed were going to have to say goodbye for now to our boys soon 
forgot his shampoo in Sarasota, so now gets to smell like a girl on his first day of work.  #fb
is bummed Tyler has gone back to Athens. 
It's cold outside.   I'll be at Auburn later, and I'm hoping that it will be warm there.
@omgitsandrea me too! But, i gotta take you to Ocala then drive to Tampa- let's go! 
@WhyteChocolate hey how you doing?? i WISH i was in Atlanta for your b'day party! 
Such a gloomy day in Tampa. Rain is much needed though. At vet w/Starr for 3rd round of vaccines...my poor frightened pup... 
I should be in Atlanta today.  So sad 
Driving back to Alabama... Story of my life 
@EscorpiaKes  girl I'm not even going to get to go...I'm just going to Tennessee with my aunt...
just passed through Nashville. 8 hours to go. 
@Djalfy I'm scared. I have to fly to Nashville. And I'm afraid. 
Workin 24 in Petersburg    .....txt  n  keep me company.....
@JeanneBehr we had looked into getting tix to see the Pens play in Carolina...but way toooo pricey for us   only a 4 hour drive though...
@Marianna26 yeah i know! i dont like the movies  lol so when should we go?? like thursday?
@Carolina_G  yes yes it is 
Just paid off a ticket I got in Georgia that I've been avoiding. 
Getting ready to head back to Murfreesboro... 
@Jasminew812 I may jet out to Memphis but idk. 
Was in Atlanta last week on business.  Checked map but Albany was too far to meet up with you in the eve.  
@insanity_rocks so very very true -- same down here in Raleigh 
@acampbell26 Not in Augusta 
Leaving Lexington back 2 Louisville 
so, it rained in Atlanta this past weekend, and then the rain decided to follow me back to Florida...it's pouring here. 
I'm mad I spelled Jacksonville wrong in my last message... oops! 
I wish I was in Morgantown so that I could do fun things in this nice weather and not have anything else to worry about. 
@PatMcGee when are you coming back to Charlotte?  Missed last show 
Watching Roswell my favorite show always and forever  
will check out @99centrental.com movies for the flight to SC on Saturday.  5 hours in the air with an hour stop in Atlanta. takes all day 
@11Locs I thought so...  When I turned it on today, I was thinking - I don't see Memphis!
I am missing my best friend. He's in Georgia 
@lisarinna BEST OF LUCK tonight at your book singing!!! I wish i could come but a bit far for me since i live in Georgia   Come to Atlanta
@Tulashi hush up. j/p I gotta be at the other spot in Marietta around midnite so i doubt i can make it 
Back in Durham from Greensboro but Cook-Outs closed.  hmmmm....
@Marianna26 hey mar! i miss you also ( yeah  but i gotta find a stupidstupid school (
Running around doing errands on my last day in Charlotte  I would much rather be shopping!!
@jovialhoney Can you guys adopt me? Yall are always doing fun stuff. Y'all take trips to Miami... we go to Arkansas 
I think shopping solves the world's problems. If only I didn't have to leave Atlanta tomorrow 
is coming back to Ruston tomorrow 
is sad his wife is in Florida while he's sick in Lexington... 
@shanedawson YOU SHOULD TOUR!! *lol* I live all the way out in Tennessee! :-P jk. How would you do that? 
One of our favorite homebuilders declared bankruptcy. McStain homes out of Louisville is closing down. http://bit.ly/c9iJr 
Just tried to sign up for @Foursquare but apparently Knoxville is not a big enough city  Will Knox ever be on the list?
Greenville for the weekend for my best friends birthday and leaving way later than i wanted... 
In Greenville for one of the last times. @ct06873 will be moving to MD soon. We'll be back Eastern Carolina. 
@thesmartplanner I so wish I could go to your blogging bootcamp in Knoxville this coming week! I'm so close but yet so far. 
my house is so sad looking without all of the furniture, air mattressing it for 2 nights and then I'm officially moved from Knoxville. 
just left &amp; already misses Nashville  be back sunday
@Tracybelle I'd hang with you, but... Tennessee. 
@mileycyrus I lived in Tennessee when I was little too-though most people don't know that about me-and I miss it all the time too. 
Going to Savannah this weekend to pick up my sister! I'm taking suggestions of great driving music - I'm running short these days 
@cmilove Give me 3 1/2 hours &amp; I'll find you.  lol  Another reason I should be in Louisville!!!  
Charlotte night life is not alive tonight. 
Aww @YaYaZxlYkExwHoA im gonna cry!! I see Charlotte doesn't function properly without me 
Wish I was in Birmingham for the asylum con...  
In Memphis, in my bed. It's nice to be home, but I'd rather be with my boyfriend. 
wants to be in Destin this evening, but will be in Rockledge. 
@hannahrose13 yessss  I wanted to go but my mom said no since we are going to Nashville.
@Marianna26 yeah boo 
my best frend is leaving today to go live wih her mom in Chattanooga for 4 weeks  i love you Sydeny!
Crossed the Mississippi while I was sleeping 
@pjrabice Have fun, I wanted to be in Tulsa today - didn't happen 
Heading back to Sarasota in a bit... work tonight 
Nashville I will miss you 
@Terrance_Blount 
@dannywood should be mtg u @ fl concerts thru 5* this wknd. I did get tix 2 Memphis, 5* was sold out!  it sucks bc I won't c ya backstage
just got to work, where I was reminded that my favorite resident is moving  Looks like I'll be driving to Quitman once a month now...
Leaving Augusta on our way home 
Lmao @cherrybumbum, How are you feeling? I hope you guys hav e fun at the concert. I really wish I could go  I missed you guys in Atlanta
I love going home to Memphis. It's alway nice but now back to Nashville. 
Needs a little trip , Orlando maybe , wish I could see my family and dog in GA 
#hcn09 I'm thirsty. I wish Yazoo was a sponsor 
Is enjoying a country music radio station from Macon, GA cause stupid England does not have any!! And wzzk in Birmingham, AL is shite... 
is at home,,,,,sick as a dog,,,,no concert in Louisville for me....so sad...makes me feel worse just thinking about it...  
is wanting to be back in Nashville 
Currently talking about how im jealous of not being at the Jonas Brothers concert in Birmingham  but only 16 days till wembley 
Aww sister time, finally patty comes! Savannah stole my princess necklace 
Safely in Georgia, about to watch &quot;Taken&quot; with everyone. Also, $20 fell out of my pocket sometime during the day  
I've been livin' on the wrong side of Memphis.   ...thus concludes my repertoire of Memphis lyrics. Now where's food?!
I should be adding new stuff to hip2Nashville.com but I just can't seem to get motivated to. Knee is hurting too bad. 
@stephen_pierce I recommended your book to a friend of mine yesterday.  I still can't believe I just missed you when you were in Atlanta 
Shelby is sad that her sister is gone  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6354629
@RoyalOrleans I was in Morehead today but I didn't  aw, hell.
Bad storms in the Cincinnati area. Two funnel clouds sighted nearby. One more in Oxford.  Hiding in the basement.
I don't feel like going anywhere. But I don't wanna sit in the house, bored. If anyone's in Marietta, please visit 
Off of work was going to go to atlanta but plans have changed  we might end up in Macon   ily &lt;('-')&gt;
Sounders are down 0-1 against the Columbus crew at the half. 
Wish she was going w/me to the Atlanta show 
Headed to Chattanooga for a conference 
@GeminiTwisted coming 2 Augusta..we saw each other &amp; talked a couple of times ovr the last 9 yrs..but it may be 2 late..we r diff ppl now 
@metatronics well, it will depend on how well bradlee's team does on Monday. OKC is like 8 hours away from Memphis though 
Home sweet home in Oconee. Going back to Macon this afternoon 
Good Mornin'...I leave my city today...Atlanta to Mississippi, not exactly a ideal situation but I'ma make it work! Ima miss ATL 
@acharmingmouse Fayetteville will miss you 
It seems I am the only one from Statesboro going to Tybee  I don't know how to get to Tybee....
Shelby is not a happy camper this morning 
At church with Raleigh she was sad  poor baby she doesn't feel good 
Cleaning house...getting ready to head to Hotlanta tomorrow..... 
@GinaATL Traveling from Nashville all the way back to NC. 12 hour trip... 
I really wish I was back in florida  we just hit Alabama, damn.
Gettin ready for my first day of work! I hope that I love these consumers as much as I loved mine in Alabama. I miss them. 
Today I realized I am an adult and I have to miss certain things that bring me pleasure. I will not be at Necrophagist's show in Atlanta. 
It's so hard looking for Condos when u have no clue about the area  dammit Atlanta
@bABYliNDSAY it's a joke  I will go, but to Atlanta, to search Ciara, cuz I can't die without having said what is her for me, and sorry 
Home from Mexico...only a few more days in NC, then back to Baltimore for the summer 
@thevowel i can haz E3 too?  Memphis, TN Fail
Is watching Uga play Washington in the world series. tied 8-8 in extra innings 
Just woke up from a well needed nap! Ready for the night life...I forgot...I'm in Charleston, bummer  
The hills season finale today, Laurens final season 
is back in Charleston and has a horibble headache 
Why does everyone go to bed before midnight? Charlotte gets lonely 
The one thing I miss about Alabama is nobody plays football up here 
About to watch the season finale of the hills &amp; Laurens last episode ever 
only one day left in Lexington 
oh man, what an upset! I was so pulling for Alabama 
Watching the hills season finale  and so sad Alabama softball got beat on the last out of the game fromna walk off grand slam.
Anji are you trying to forget about your friends in Atlanta 
@Dayewalker I hope they don't shut down Shreveport's plant. 
: I'm in down in the count for being &quot;The One&quot; in Columbus: http://tinyurl.com/lhhckt ... 
I dont wana go back  .. I wana stay here in Birmingham! I also wanna go on tour (contradicting i know) I want, i want, i want haha
Trying to get pumped for a productive day, but having trouble forgetting I was strolling through Savannah this time last week. 
@Atlanta7 Ooo  nooo the washing's out it can't!! 
@solangeknowles so sad... I'm beginning to be afraid the plane, and I don't know how I'm going to Atlanta to look for ciara  swiming..
Is not ready for the thunderstorms that are coming into Columbus. 
was trying to figure out why I can't find @TheEllenShow on TV. Low and behold, she doesn't air here in Memphis. 
@aplusk u think it's hotte than he'll in Georgia try Louisiana I think it's even muggier here 
Guess I will be heading to Georgia myself... my grandfather died yesterday... too bad nkotb can't go to the funeral to hold my hand.. 
Last day in Destin  #fb
@drvono no teeter-totter  we were at that park on Lexington near you guys. Really nice park otherwise
@sweetyoungthing  but i tweet in Macon 
I just landed. I'm in Georgia again  this isn't fun!
@rossmiddleton I know!!! i used to love that mall back in the day! now it feels so empty!!  sad  #Tallahassee
Tennessee Volunteers quarterback Jonathan Crompton received death threats in 2008 - I can't believe our fans...  http://viigo.im/KT7
@hip2Nashville i'll cry if you do bash twilight! 
@collink *jealous* I'm still stuck in Columbus.  
@apopa too bad I'm in Boone  Y'all should road-trip up here for some Munchkins!
On my way back to Charleston.  
I have tennis 2! 9-12 is pre-Macon camp, 1-2 (conditioning) 2-4 30 is drills  OMGGGGG!
@concerts09 I'm not seeing you until Nashville, right? 
@ALauderdale Well in Miami I have a bunch of spots, but Gainesville is landlocked and its a small town  Bring me some sushi! lol
@C_Joy shame on you... so unfair  How long would it take me to get there? I'm in Atlanta.
I miss my Atlanta party life 
Savannah is haunted  it scared me but we went on a haunted pub crawl and it was fun.  http://twitpic.com/6g6w6
AF607105 by Charlotte Gainsbourg is now eerily relevant: &quot;The cabin is burning/I smile and feel complete.&quot;  rip air france flight!
I was just told of some open positions for females with some race teams. too bad I can't move to Charlotte 
Atlanta had 1st 90 degree day yesterday &amp; 1st smog alert. Not surprised they happened on same day. Today is smog alert day #2. 
@ChristianGAdams I'd bet I have at least 20 Columbus followers with a truck but I don't think they love me 
Now leaving Greenville and heading back to Charleston. Got a 3 hour drive. With the rising gas price  I have already spent $60 on gas
Irony - Getting on a plane in Tallahassee to head to NoVa as my sister Judi drives south to Tallahassee. 
@lizziestar24 What's not your thing? Mornings? Workouts? Nashville? 
still having a positive energy day...even though I just lost my battle w/ Miami-Dade Expressway Authority over a toll-booth citation 
In Duluth in traffic...not fun 
@YoungQ my hubby is flyin into atl 2nite...too bad he's gotta go on to Columbus   otherwise i'd ask him to come hunt y'all down! lol
@iamdanyellej except I didn't light up the backyard like Ft. Knox...lol I can't sleep 
@followelsie I wish I could go...I love the Lexington almost as much as PWY 
Headed to work in Nashville from Memphis! Gotta b there at 8 
damn. just discovered that, of course, blink 182 isnt going to be touring in tn. closest they come is Atlanta. i'm sad 
I have felt so sick all week - my little suburb lungs do not like Atlanta's pollution  I need to move out of this city so bad ugh
disappointed at the extreme lack of sunshine in Birmingham today 
@catstein I'm sad I didn't get to see him in Charlotte the other night! I'm going to download that song I love though! I miss you 
@redrazor_3 The guys have been worn out. I want to be at the Atlanta show!                  ~Kamy~
Awake and rdy to head to Roanoke...  I'm missing @Damandajoy 
@katievoid the tours coming to greensboro&amp;Charlotte too, wish I could go to one of those w/ you!! 
@curttkemp haha i have a subscription to the Tennesseean!  tix to Bonnaroo are like $240, and i don't really have a job right now, so no 
getting some gas &amp; lunch and then back to Nashville/Murfreesboro- looks like a rainy drive 
wow NCR is pulling out of Dayton. moving its world HQ along with 1,250 jobs to an Atlanta suburb. good for ATL, bad for Dayton 
Why didn't I go to Virginia Beach instead of Memphis 
@demi_lovato13 heyy demi! omg i know, aww im in Arkansas, im missin my friends already 
@jennhb I'm jealous of your weather! It is raining and dark here in Atlanta 
We were retarded drunk last night and I left my wallet in the cab.  Wamp Wampppppppp.
thats whats up @die_lavish....i gotta call up some NAACP i just remembered, i think our edu chairman quit on the kids n NAACP. 
Finally back in Cincinnati after a wonderful week in Lexington!  Getting ready for my first day back to work - this should be fun 
I'm jealous of @puggaloo and @legako's Asheville adventures. 
Yay done moving into my new house... Rome reunion here in Charleston! ... I dont want to go back to work soon 
Heavy rain delayed outsider Tallahassee 
@xMoonyx same as  theres one in Birmingham tomoz! if i could get there id go! Hows u anyways? x x x
We're in Arkansas! At my grandparent's house celebrating my mom's birthday. I forgot my camera 
@superapplegeek Tuscaloosa, then HSV, then DC, then HSV, then Tuscaloosa, then Gulf Shores. 
So, no Auburn this weekend. I'll be going next week instead. So, who wants to hang out? Wait, none of you on here live near me.  haha.
Going to bed, at 7pm. What? It's not like I need to pack for Nashville or anything... 
Finishing packing cause I'm moving to Georgia 
@Inferno09 by then i'll be living off an underpaid Alabama teacher salary  lol
@insertcotku I almost want to come up to Macon and hang with you guys 
@DonnieWahlberg oh how I wished I was there!!! Had plans to see you guys in Charlotte NC again but you know what happened there 
No telephone call from Tulsa today. 
Just said bye to Terrance as he goes back to Atlanta.  
They would not come to our house the week they were in Pensacola because we did not go to wedding. Hubby's mother was mad at us!!  ahhh
I cannot wait till Florida. I really want to go back to Huntington beach though.  other ends of the country...not gonna happen
Awake by 8am whilst Georgia still sleeps. Not happy, I want to still be asleep 
I am gutted that Muse sold out at Birmingham NIA and I didn't get tickets 
@DonnieWahlberg I SOOOO want to see you in Memphis!! (Or Birmingham, I'm not picky.) Just have to get the funding. 
@rotting_orange Shelby didn't pop one for me when I got home tonight!!! 
Wishing I was in Cookeville with the rest of my friends  
Will Barton to Memphis?    http://sbnation.com/e/664846
Will Barton to Memphis?  
@LatinSatin I so dk about Atlanta's festivities. Even if I did, I probably won't be able to go  enjoy ur self.
This year's Oktoberfest is in Georgia, but I don't have a BMW anymore  Anyone want a 92-98 E36 3-series Bentley manual?
Since we woke up late we tried the Durham farmers' market. Lots of Duke shirts, but otherwise very similar to Carrboro. No golden beets. 
I miss Nashville  But I'll be back in a couple weeks! Yeahh!
Beautiful day in Nashville - tho I will be putting up drywall after fixing water damage in my home studio!! 
Finding american apparel, then going to Birmingham. I forgot I had lipstick on and smered it across my face. 
@dragonguy83 yes it is far  iand my parents live even further, Atlanta GA 
I wish there was a FMC tour stop in Nashville. 
Another wedding this weekend...too bad its in Georgia and I cant afford the trip this time around 
Too much storming over Casselberry to sneak off anywhere 
@honorsociety i WOULD be getting tickets... but slight problem, there's no FMC tour in Georgia... 
I hope it doesn't rain at Shelby's party.. 
My arm has been hurting for so long , I have to go to the doctor soon in Knoxville. 
just stepped out of the bed for the first time today and wishes that I had left for Thomasville early this morning 
@ryanmrichards already finished the Atlanta stop 
@MissMelissa83 sweet, I'm from north Carolina, small town, boring kinda crap 
Our trip to Houma has turned into &quot;run errands for the family&quot; day 
I need to get out of Alpharetta and into Albany cuz this is not the summer I planned....i'd rather be @ school!!!!!!!! 
@PENLDN Yeah, but maybe no Orlando  idk yet... I may be 21+ ing it in Gainesville :/
Blacksburg is too hilly for little legs 
Ocala rain has to follow me everywhere 
@dreamcartelpr Nashville, TN for now.  how bout you?
missing my family today...i wish i was in Tulsa tonight.  http://linnybest.com
@noahcyrus8 i found out im moving to Nashville!!....in 2 years 
@2kutekreations me too. All this Asheville talk today has me so homesick  Ready to move back right NOW.
@rayraycja was watching nkotb videos from Atlanta show to c what we miss since ours was cancelled 
Wishes Atlanta was just a beebop away... 
Continuing her 3 week drinking binge, back in Lexington but missing Alabama. 
Just shrunk a Gautier shirt  this is tragic.
did not find Taste of Charlotte or the ride on the lightrail to be the enjoyable experience she expected. 
Randomly up at 4:30am. Thirsty and hot is a bad combo for sleeping. Even at this hour, Columbus people are not online for talkings. 
Alright so the Atlanta ppl are bailing on me...trying to decide what I'm gonna do cause this is weak 
@Kdedeaux To Memphis? Never drove there but according to mapquest its about 12 hs from here! 
I am back in Louisville! Missing Jamaica a ton though... 
@Ivoryblossum just realized from the totality of your posts that you have left Nashville. 
Back in Alabama  I miss Texas!! But, I'm in Birmingham for the weekend and going to bed, I'm exhausted!! I love everyone!
@trumpetn00b ???, Laurens not here. It's not fun any more    ...
I miss Atlanta weather.  It's back to freezing my a$$ off in the 50s &amp; 60s if we are lucky!
whewwww Charlotte.. I miss my bed rite about now 
@mileycyrus Hey it's also my last night in Los Angeles too  I'm off to New York for a few days &amp; then I'll be in Nashville, Tennesee 
@Ants124   sad face about about Georgia  Hang in there mate.
@Ants124  sad face about Georgia  Hang in there mate.
Omgosh I freaking miss Atlanta soo much  I'm moving back
@davejmatthews back in Nashville  but had a blast with you and the guys last night!
Daddy is moving back to Atlanta today...  lucky bastard...chicago real soon though so its all good
@guytustin my party is moving to Sarasota  sad to have not met
Another 12 hour drive  goodbye Pensacola!
My daughter's tour of P'cola &amp; Tallahassee has come 2 an end...she's headed back.. 
is going to mom's to eat lunch and then movin' Dakota back to Memphis. 
I don't want to go back to Birmingham 
I don't want to leave Alabama  I could so live here
@FinalCylon For Asheville? 
Someone go shopping with meeee. I made money last night and I need good clothes for Tennessee. 
espn is showing the Georgia/Kentucky game from last year. I had forgotten how heartbreaking it was 
The plantation at Leesburg..get my brown skin outta here!!! 
@AllyCupcake Probably in touristy areas? Orlando, Panama, Daytona, etc? I've only ever seen fake or planted palm trees in Florida. 
Watching &quot;FRIENDS&quot; after a day on Carolina Beach w/ my mom. She goes back home tomorrow morning...so sad. 
At the pool side chillen! I so miss Atlanta!!! 
On my way home to Huntsville. I have a doctor's appt for every day of the week almost next week. Pretty sure I'm falling apart 
This is going to be a long drive... 8 hours from Springfield to Louisiana!!  ugh!!
I'm ready to go back to Fayetteville with my friends 
pictures from Atlanta are taking forever to upload 
Still in Florida  I want to go back to Atlanta!!!
wants to be back in Fayetteville some kind of awful 
@Ausadian98 ha! that wasn't odd. 87 was probably a good year. it produced Crosby after all. and VL commodores. he quite likes Atlanta too 
I've got one busy week up ahead...back to the real world, and missing Nashville 
I want to see Roswell season 2! but nothing doesn't work now 
@ktsummer it's been rumored for a while (hence the Aussie girls calling to the Atlanta station) but it's official now.  
@jlyncarter  if you hurry, you can catch me in Charleston and we can hit the beach. 
I don't like researchin' for novels!  Especially when it's set in a place that I've never been to! E.g: Nashville, Dallas, Memphis! ARGH!
Ugh I miss you  and my stomach is going crazy and I have to wait in an airport til 7:30pm  *sigh* I'm gonna miss Nashville :/
Is Heading home to Macon  
The Atlanta aquarium closes at 5 PM on weekdays, darn I wanted to go there. On top the ATL Braves are not playing home this week 
I'm at home.....Sitting around.....By myself.....&amp; Missing all of my Nashville friends. 
wishes he could be in Atlanta, seeing Russian Circles and Coliseum. 
A rainy day in Louisville, KY. 
I miss my friends and family in Alabama 
Paducah is going to flood soon if it doesn't stop raining the way it is! 
back home, unfortunately  I jus want to live in Nashville :[
@chadinscookies oh em gee hills S4 is too good. just finished S5. Laurens finally left 
@cosmosveganshop @chicagosoydairy can't wait to nom on my first batch of Dandies in a few days! Why can't McKinney be next to Hotlanta 
In Atlanta! Having so much fun!! I'm about to go to the pool now. I miss my home in Savannah, GA already 
35,000 people in Memphis still don't have power. It's 90 degrees today.  *worried*
I drove this far to hear sweet home Alabama in Nashville? 
Having a seriously hard time finding out how to e-mail Raleigh's mayor and city council. 
@MissJia I'm leaving NC Mama. Until next time.  sorry I couldn't make it to Charlotte
Realllllllyyyyy missing Georgia and the middle school missions team. 
had my last class today and going to Birmingham tomorrow for my last field trip 
@callmemiley I wish you werent in Savannah. 
Is driving through Tulsa wishing she could stop 
@Jennjennx3 i volunteered once  pretty okkish.   umm Auburn califorina..
@bowwow614 What part of the A in?if u n Gwinnett u gone be bored! I am! 
@ryanrookie I wish! too far  come back to Louisville!
i had a blast in Nashville... I don't want to work tomorrow... 
@mooonchild OOOH.... I miss blackberries! As a kid we picked them constantly &amp; until moving back to Memphis I had lots of them nearby. 
Made it to Nashville...now on my way back 
If I had played the Georgia Cash 4 lottery with my birthday every day this year, I'd have won $5400 so far 
Also, I think Roswell had some of the greatest extended love stories on TV, tbh. But I am forever a Lamptrimmer and mourn the lack of it 
@ooliviamiller I can't.  I'll be in Atlanta that weekend.    Why? What's going on?
@Mysticpurz I can't come to Tulsa. I have jury duty. 
In a motel room in downtown Chattanooga, TN.  No music, no dancin and the bar is closed.  
Missing my Memphis..come home buddy we miss you! 
is in Charlotte with her Mom and heading back to Canada tomorrow.... missing Mississippi  &lt;3
is gonna start getting ready for my last show this tour  Birmingham best b ready for me!!
Back to dealing with the damn French!  in Monroe, NC http://loopt.us/tPZ6iw.t
I'm back in Tallahassee, but I wish I were at the mountains of Tennessee 
Minding my business... And missing Atlanta... 
I really want to see this documentary about Anvil! I don't think it's showing go Savannah tho 
No new AJC video interview today? We know they taped one with Clint, but they probably won't air it as long as he's in Gwinnett. 
I just really want to be in Nashville instead of work.. 
heading out to downtown Nashville for the day...then catching our flight home at 7pm tonight. sad days  goodbye music city
Leaving beautiful Destin.... 
in Georgia, I don't want to go back to Florida at all. 
@nhawthorne I'm back in Shreveport now 
http://twitpic.com/7k2y1 - sad part is this came from a raleigh newspaper  LOL (via @MollyJ87) hahaha they're special ed in Raleigh
T-storms rest of the week.   #Morgantown
@KikiD333 I'd offer to give you a ride on the 22nd, but I'll be in Charlotte 
Missing Nashville. The weekend went by too fast 
@jinxville It all depends on @cricketpress. I can't do it without her, and she's rooted to Lexington! 
Heading to work..missing Nashville 
@mileycyrus Why did you have to be born in Tennessee?! Your tickets are so hard to get for the Nashville show 
 i'm getting sick. That's not good with Salkehatchie on saturday.
Mesa amp in for tube repairs  Tennessee only has 1 repair center around Nashville
bored as hell here in Statesboro 
just left her two oldest babies (yes, Madison, I know you aren't a baby) in Nashville...I may have a heart attack on the way home 
watching the CMT awards. makes me miss Nashville even more 
Hey @alyankovic will we ever see you near Mississippi again? No stop on the tour  #WeirdAl  (#WeirdAl live &gt; http://ustre.am/3nDH)
@heritagesoftail I am feeling ok, I was sick this morning . I am missing all my Atlanta monkeys 
@Agt2690 sadface  I'll be in Nashville...
@AshRose1208 ugghh wish I was in Nashville at the cmt awards 
I wish my life could have as happy of am ending as sweet home Alabama. 
Wishes she was going to crave AND soccer   mr.Decatur show tonight
has been called to work on all the Atlanta movies BUT 5 Killers 
Keeps thinking a lot about the Nashville incident that got Bryan Berry suspended. It's an all to familiar story. 
I'm trying to stay positive but just found out I may have to stay in Natchitoches for school after all 
CMT Awards rocked! So sad I'm leaving Nashville in the morning 
not in Georgia anymore...sad days...i wanna go back 
@SaraJBenincasa too bad you're not coming to Greenville. 
keeps thinking a lot about the Nashville incident that got Bryan Berry suspended. It's an all too familiar story. 
@thelaurenhope that's where it's at in Atlanta, they have sooooo many types of beer ha! I miss that city 
read a post about ice cream earlier, &amp; now i remember i saw a gelato shop at the (Charlotte?) airport yesterday, but didn't have time. 
@jercrowle let me know if you find my black Raleigh - it was stolen yesterday 
@she_shines92 We waited for a few minutes in Columbus near the buses, didn't see anyone. But yeah in Toledo Robin and JMJ came out 
better bring a rain coat to Southside...looks like it's gonna piss cats and dogs 
Boarding the flight to Nashville--Excited to see Franklin for a few hours. I miss my girls already  Thanks 4 your prayers Lakeside!
Hoping to adopt a yorkie puppie rescue and being released this week in Tampa , (  Residents of tampa are getting first dibs 
@therealpickler I loved the show in Greensboro. Best song was  &quot;I wonder&quot;.  It was awesome. Tried to get tix to Charlotte, but sold out 
Birmingham today! i will miss a few people so much!!!!!!!!!!  but i'll be back very very soon though! see ya on monday! ;)
@MissAmazin no sunny Carolina skies here  I'm sad bc we were supposed to meet a friend for a playdate
Wish I was still in Tennessee 
Really wants to game for her birthday but doesn't have any game peeps in Memphis. 
I have to go byke to Valdosta but i dont wanna be lonely when i get there! 
to Greensboro. GOSH!! i hate my mom sometimes. 
Me thinks @ijohnpederson should help me drive his kids 6 hrs to Duluth next week. I shall have no phone either. 
Just landed in Baltimore I miss Nashville already 
Hiring freeze in Louisville, job I wanted re-posted for current employees only, guess I didn't get the position and I really wanted it 
@MarioSoulTruth I'm so mad I'm going to Atlanta &amp; ur goin 2 be in my city on fri  F&amp;$K. I wrote u a letter 7-20-08 @ 6 FLAGS!
@marymancini Election integrity in Tennessee just suffered a staggering blow. 
@suebrody1 I'm in Arkansas.  I am labor and delivery nurse so I work long shifts.  No internet access allowed at work either. 
I'm having Nashville withdrawls..I miss it soo much the town and my best friends ...and I still have a year of school left 
Is going 2 Florida 2marrow!! I'm mess talking 2 my BFF!! 
wishes I lived in Nashville 
Hot tub was closed due to the tornado watch in Nashville!  Gettin my cowgirl hat n goin to the hot tub tomorrow is def a must!
missed dead air  but omg. The sky lightning over Greenville!!
This goes out to my bff, @rachelralphs, who is stuck in Atlanta all night  I hope your time goes by super fast and you can get some rest!
Wishes @Neikka and @Charlotte_Avila could have come tonight.  but we'll just have to party some other time!
@stixmalone I'm sooooooooooooooo missing Atlanta right now 
Headed to Mississippi, family crisis 
@KierDarby see you there in a while.  Only at Birmingham so far 
I looked at the weather today and it said 92 &amp; sunny.. Then I realized it was for Atlanta, GA. 
high speed car chase out N Montgomery Tuesday morning, http://bit.ly/TjmDi Starkville must be trying to be more like Jackson now 
I wish I could make it to Louisville this weekend to hang out with @croesky and the Thriqus folk that reside there as well.  #stuckinNJ
@Ookong I've been seeing there's bad weather in Louisville, my former hometown! 
 I am not awake yet and I don't get to workout until this afternoon because I have to go to the Nashville airport.
@ekmemerald I know Charlotte stole it  *sad* I'll want to hear about the ideas. Wait which video are we talking about? xD
@mikegee In spite of their cool labels, their website is... plain http://www.boldcitybrewery.com/ looks like it's only in Jacksonville 
I can't find my big Roanoke sweatshirt. I'm so cold. 
i miss the boys in Georgia. 
@Sugarlandmusic sure wish I was in Charlotte right now!!  
getting ready for this looooooooong drive to Atlanta 
It costs $700 to rent out the Muskogee waterpark 
@brandonalley  I emailed Raleigh Denim ages ago about doing a custom pair and never heard back from them 
@Sugarlandmusic I only I was in Charlotte. 
It appears that I'm stuck in Atlanta for 2 hrs...what a great day 
@lizmoney No, I wish  family reunion in Branson (of all places) this weekend. On the way to Texarkana today, then Branson tmrw...
I must have brought the Atlanta traffic with me to Charleston 
Lakeland courses are in lock and my destination is set. I'm sorry SCAD. I will miss you 
@justinthesouth &amp; @sambrackett - this is crazy in south Asheville! 40 minutes so far to go maybe a total of 3 miles.. 
Dag, I don't think I&quot;m going to make it, I still gotta flat iron, makeup and be in Roswell by 7 from Lithonia, not gonna happen 
@TaylorRHicks Ugh! We are trying so hard to get tickets to a meet n greet in Alabama!   money is tight, call when you get close to gs? lol
I miss my bestie Marianna and wish that we could spend her b-day weekend together 
@KKendraJ Carolina weather is crazy! 
@colinlefevre Loris is a nightmare 
ready to get off work ugh...then i have to study for my exam that is 2moro at 10  then head to Atlanta for the weekend! yayy
Wishing I was in Starkville so I could go out with friends  why did I have to graduate?
hey @nickjonas ! you were on my radio station &quot;Kiss 105.3&quot; Gainesville but you were too busy to talk to fans? holla back 
I should have gone to see TBS in Charlotte tonight, except I have no friends to do such things with. 
@antebellum You never answered me 
Boo! About to get sucked in  in Nashville-Davidson (balance), TN http://loopt.us/Ztem6Q.t
@lilyroseallen On the way to Southside, right? No money for that ... sad 
@BreeseNation I voted heck yes I'd wear it, even though I'm too much of a pussy to actually do so here in Georgia.  
Kind of sad my Memphis boys aren't working with me today 
Athens Georgia landmark Georgia Theater is on fire!!!!!!!!   
just got an invitation to go to Tunica and i can't goooooooooooooooooo! 
Apparently the Georgia Theater downtown Athens is in flames.  So sad. I'm glad it's not my dad's shoe shop though... How scary.
Guess I'll go ahead &amp; go 2 work! No sense in wasting a vacation day since my trip 2 Shreveport has been postponed! 
#georgiatheatre can't believe Georgia theatre burning down... sad day in athens ga.... 
The Georgia Theatre is on fire....seriously tragic for Athens 
The Georgia Theatre is on fire.   It's the biggest venue in Athens (where I live) and AthFest is next weekend.  Seen many shows there. 
@TDOT_Blockette Awwww...that's even more sad... 
flipping out to hear that the Georgia Theatre, an Athens, Georgia landmark and concert venue, is up in flames!  HELP!
interview w/ the Carolina Panthers today! didn't get to go to MD for the race! 
Duuude the Georgia Theater in Athens is burning down right now. 
@jlyncarter I really had thought about coming back to see it w/everyone there, haha. But I'm house/dog-sitting so I can't leave Asheville 
Georgia theatre badly burned  Lots of smoke and lots of street lights out dt
Looking for a load in Jacksonville area. Looks like I may have to go back to the east coast. 
My mom is driving and prefers country music, and it is making the drive to Birmingham last longer 
@johncmayer the Georgia Theatre in Athens burned down. 
So sad that the Georgia Theater was destroyed by fire  coverage on www.onlineathens.com and AJC: http://tr.im/p3BC #fb
sad, sad, an Arkansas LE officer was shot and killed this morning after a traffic stock.. 
@souljaboytellem have a great preformance i live in Greensboro but i can't come 
@johncmayer just thought I would update you on some sad news, the Georgia Theater in Athens burned down last night.  .  So sorry.
@WhiteHotTruth When you come to Atlanta, we have at LEAST four different streets named &quot;Peachtree&quot;. Knowing the cross st. won't help 
Sugarbutt just left to take Jluv back to Pensacola.  I wish I could have gone.  
Georgia Theatre burned down this morning in Athens.  http://tinyurl.com/lsjgtp walls and marquee seem to be standing, tho. rebuild?
&quot;Advised&quot; to withdraw at mile 16 for heat exhaustion. It's going to be a long drive back to Atlanta. 
Looks like we might be sold out of iPhones in Greenville sc 
Sleepy town  But loving being in Charleston!!!
@babygirlparis Do you know anyone who lives in Charlotte, NC? I'm moving there and cannot for the life of me find a job. 
Sad day in Athens, GA - fire burned down Georgia Theatre this morning 
Just got off the phone with the vet, Dixie made it through with flying colors, but is not a happy camper 
on my way to Georgia with the family, i hate long car rides 
backk from Tennessee! TGIF. imma miss you, daisy! 
RIP to the Georgia Theatre ... sad day in Athens!   #fb
Summersville show as canceled today!!    getting my hair cut and dyed right now. woo
I think my Dixie-dog might be loosing her hearing.  I hope I'm wrong about this one. #fb
I want to go back to Nashville so so bad, but I'm stuck going to the beach this summer  nashville next year thou,&lt;3
@johncmayer you hear the Georgia theatre burned? Location of no such thing music video 
@IM_NYCE both!!!! Go 2 Atlanta, then if u decide while in Atlanta, fly from there 2 Florida. Sounds like a good ass plan! See u in a few! 
Is the sun out in Nashville today? I am stuck inside. 
setting at home alone wish I was going to Nashville to hear some good music 
I'm watching Arkansas getting killed by LSU in the college world series. 
bike ride tonight! all across Charlotte nc woo hoo yeah friggen baby!!!!! girls are lame and i never seem to get what im looking for 
A major fire erupted Friday at the Georgia Theatre, an Athens landmark and center of the local music scene, police said.  nooo  I love it
last day in Columbus for the summer..i mean i'll be back up here on multiple occasions but not living here until the end of august.. 
Watching LSU vs Arkansas. i hate it when we fight 
Gainesville is super empty 
my flight home out of Charlotte has been delayed by an hour. it sounds like it might be delayed even longer. 
at Drury Hotel in Atlanta...... headed for VA... last internet for days 
I'm in boring ass Valdosta so there isn't much to do!  @dirtyred38
I missed The Kin in Nashville  sometimes being the boss sucks!
I really want to go to the Florida Aquarium! 
is back in Tennessee... yuck! 
i thought the dj was @radiorose for like half a second. then i realized she'd never come to Atlanta (hint hint) 
Georgia Theatre burning in Athens....   My condolences. I had a great time the one night I was there for a concert.
Flippin longhorns. 
@yungla ugggh im so mad i couldnt make it to Greensboro tonight  ....COME TO FAYETTEVILLE!!!!!
My boyfriend (@Ldog22) is like a million miles away, in Tennessee! 
I'm sorry Chattanooga... You're just not my favorite city  I don't hate you by any means, but I like Nashville way better
Not a bad night at the Bats.  Bats got the win and not too many Louisville Sales meetings remaining. 
@CoachDelinks  No I didn't get to make it to Atlanta I was so upset 
I have an extra ticket to see blink in Charlotte. anyone wanna come with?puhlease 
i wish i was in Atlanta partying 
@jordanknight Tink!...my daughter leaves for Georgia today for 10 days    I will miss her!
My best friend is in Alabama for 5 weeks. I don't like this all so much 
Preparing to drive to Atlanta after a hellish day traveling stand-by for 16 hrs traveling from So Fla to Pensacola in the panhandle! 
@iyakamae I'll apply to TW Charlotte, it's not that far from the house. Worse case would be having to start at entry level 
heading to Lexington for a promotion... ugh, got a migraine   hope it goes away.
wishes she was attendin the Atlanta Carnivale concert tonight @ Six Flags 
Last guest left about 15 minutes ago. Watcgibg some of the 24 hr kirtan in NV. Webcast not as good as Birmingham, and no chat 
not cooled down yet - my trip to Chattanooga is cancelled 
Going back home from Georgia! im going to miss Meaghen and her house. 
We are now in Georgia. Lunch break! There is nothing to eat. 
@bk_brown, that is very true. I'm very excited to move to Florida, but like you &amp; Columbus, I'm going to miss my cats like no other. 
@mitchelmusso you're skipping Georgia and that makes me very upset 
On my way to West Memphis, Arkansas.   listening to the Kings of Leon &quot;Crawl&quot; bcuz my sis is blasting Anthony Hamilton can't stand him.
The high today in Charleston is 101 and the heat index is 120 
Going to Atlanta.. damn it.  #fb
Walking despite the heat.  Why was I born in Tennessee?  I hate the sun.  
@wordwill I live in Atlanta, so no. 
I'm stuck at work while 160 Haralson's are destroying craigslist cruisers 
I'm stuck at work while 160 Haralson's are destroying craig's cruisers 
@MichaelOgden your so lucky, are you off to Daytona or Clearwater? Anyway it's a win, win situation. I'm missing Florida  have a goodone
is leaving Greensboro  I had a GREAT time. Now trying to figure out whats going on in Durham tonight.
is its hotter than 3 hells in Easley at the ballfield  #fb
Nearly oppressive heat here in Savannah...Heat index near 110 
@BovineSituation  I've been monitoring the ungodly temps at Ft. Jackson b/c my sister is there. I imagine you're getting similar.
I want the old Charlotte back 
Having the same problem in Raleigh as Helena MT, my recommended places aren't open until dinner  moving north...
back in Charleston 
going 2 Sumter,  2 hour drive  with no air conditioner..damn
Just got back from Midtown. @Lands I called you twice to see if you wanted to come with us 
We are stuck in traffic outside of Memphis 
Dear Atlanta why do you feel like Mercury with a side of hell (nerds will get this ha!)...I am chocolate....I do melt 
Shre or however you spell his name ruined up for me :\ Charlotte was gonna ring me from mcfly and my phone broke 
Omg.. I just realized a year ago today in Georgia... I wish I could go bak 2 that day or just Georgia period 
- I have to miss out on the Nashville night  at least there's a Grease double feature on tonight...haha
Doing a sound job in the atrium at Fernbank in Atlanta. Party for a bunch of lawyers.  I love mixing in 4 story marble rooms... 
@shayscene lol let me try again! I wish i was in Dade  speaking to m area GM and and Florida VP of AT&amp;T next week to make it happen
Driving Peanut to Orlando 
has never been so happy to drive through the city of Atlanta. Just a hop, skip, and a jump until we see Chipper! Driving to Alabama tom. 
@ichbinmatt I haven't, and i officially graduate in 4 weeks. I'm stuck back in Birmingham 
@StarJonesEsq it is SOOOO hot in Mississippi! I wish we COULD get a little rain!! it's like 100+ because of the heat index! 
 I wish I was in Alabama right now. *sigh*
Hickory by myself. 
Since plans to Atlanta are cancelled, guess i'll stay home with College Hill, chicken nuggets, and mac and cheese. 
@TNGolfergirl Better than yesterday. It was Pride day in Nashville and miserably hot. 15 mins was all our little girl could tolerate. 
@grantslater ks is not Tulsa 
I'm sorry Shelby 
@kennerjacobs - I miss you too. It was so weird being in Raleigh w/out you next door  I'll come play soon, promise!
I shall go to bed since I have a 6am flight to Tulsa  I lose so much sleep for the @jonasbrothers lol.
@TheRealJordin man I wish I could come to one of the concerts. There is no concert date in Mississippi. 
had sooo much fun in Alabama!!! I miss all the new friends I made already! 
gettin ready to schlep it to Virginia...i don't wanna leave Nashville! 
@Bluegrass_IT your at the F1, not fair 
on my way back from Birmingham now. what a messy messy weekend! battery on my phones dead so wont be able to tweet 
The longest day of the year is grey and overcast in Birmingham 
Well, here I am. Back at the airport in Charlotte, NC. Heading to Dallas. Yay. (*turns off sarcasm*)  
I wish I were n Memphis and with my daddy today. 
@mitchelmusso are you not coming to Columbus oh? 
The high today in Tuscaloosa is 97  my gummies are going to melt again hehe
has put a poorly Charlotte to bed 
My secret crush was in Atlanta when I was and I didn't see him 
I wish there were more people in Port Charlotte that I actually wanted to hang out with  I have no plans for tonight!
i wanna go to @Jonasbrothers concert in Tulsa tonite 
Why yes, scary tsunami storm, I would LOVE to share the interstate with you and the rest of Atlanta at rush hour. 
Thank god WKRN ABC affiliate for Nashville is back up again..i missed ALL my soaps  soapNet is for me tonight.
@RyanDanielTFT you're in Tupelo?! :O I live like 2 hours away from there! Ahh 
@Carolina2676 hmm...i have to report for jury duty tomorrow and if i get picked, i may be there on wednesday too  but i wanna see it!
Another hour on the tarmac in Orlando because of weather in Atlanta. 
looks like a pretty solid thunderstorm cell over Murfreesboro right now... not hearing any thunder though. 
Apparently Atlanta Watershed Mgmt is trying to ensure that noone can afford to use water in this city, new 12.5% inc over next 4 yrs 
When there is lightning w/in 20 miles of Owensboro, channel 25 cuts out enough to be almost unwatchable. 
@comcastcares @comcastbonnie  Cable &amp; power out on Couchville Pike, Nashville.  Tree across line - looks to be cable line.   no #comcast
On the road back to Georgia 
@LaurenConrad i know right i live near Alpharetta and its been pretty nasty today 
@sweetaddictions That's what I miss about Atlanta 
Getting ready to head to Tuscaloosa 
@ashemischief The way you feel about Nola is the way I feel about my life/time/experiences in Atlanta. I truly feel you 
I'm so sad the Louisville antique mall is closing! That place was awesome!! 
@joepurdyrecords I'd love a pair!! but I'm in Fayetteville, Arkansas 
wishing i could see LC tonight in Nashville  I have to get that book!
last full day in Destin 
@medwardsrhodes IMAP will do for now, but I want to access my calendar  I'll check with Shelby
is in Lexington getting his puppy! miss you caylee 
Wiffleball with the boys in n. Carolina load ins not till 7pm 
@TMTOHD Yeah, I would say so...you're in Memphis right? I am close to Knoxville and it does not feel much better 
@BravoAndy friends with dina and teresa..hope to see them back..not sure they will   DC wives after Atlanta?
Its all fun &amp; games til ur RVs generator goes out &amp; ur stuck in ATL when u should be driving thru Tennessee.  #vacation #fail
No go on the Finance job in Columbus 
@tamgil It's hot in Tennessee TOO!!  
@lavalamp27 I just found out that Carolina Liar is playing down the street from me right now!  
We missed it.  stuck in Atlanta. Add running through airport with kids to my list of least favorite things.
@Jonasbrothers  I think we brought it in Tulsa if u ask me! That was the best concert in my life! i was sad my camera died i have no pics 
@shesTHABABY I wished  I moved to north Carolina 2 weeks ago
@TradingGoddess around here (Tulsa) abt 6 weeks 
@bostongrlkayte ish on fershizzy girl!  But @valentinegirl20 can't make it.    So we may add Memphis &amp; St Louis..just because.. haha
@songzyuuup you should follow me bay....how many other ppl you know from PETERSBURG....not many  Southside Regionals the birth place o ...
Spent the past two days in Atlanta...tiredd as hell 
@chasecoy is your Raleigh show already sold out? 
Charlotte is sad 
so @Jtimberlake created a brand of tequilla named &quot;901&quot; yet we can't even purchase it in Memphis? 
Sleeping in a tent with Shelby. And i just swallowed a bug  yuck!
Everyone's entitled to a break to eat their lunch, right? I have to serve customers while trying to eat my lunch. Flippin shit, mate 
can't wait til 3:00 because we're going to Nashville for a long weekend! But not looking forward to the 4 hour drive 
@phill600 Birmingham city cener, and all over the city really  working 
@pw_official I'd love to come see you in Atlanta... but it's a ten hour drive and my parents aren't totally up for it 
SUPER JEAL of mommy's surprise trip for their anniversary.  I want to go to Cabo  Tuscaloosa is boring
Really upset that the Louisville concert was cancelled.  So scared the same will happen w/Nashville 
@Bellovski I know, poor Dixie! I can't believe it! 
@eclecticxmanda @Dustinnnn i dont think i'm going to go to Duluth.  
@pim2005 I know! No more Georgia  nooooo. we have a video of her talking about it here www.groupthing.org
Nooning The Wedding and Old Man Sharted and throwing moon pies as we venture to Macon, Georgia 
@blueargon I lived the first handful of years of my life in Jacksonville, NC 
Anybody in Atlanta hiring if you are looking for IT pro in Networking, please let me know 
Plus it will be cool to see Paramore live. I gotta represent for my Tennessee bands! That's where I grew up. 
Getting ready for first midwife appointment  And, Savannah is going to play with friends, she'll be thrilled. It's a good day!
in town with Charlotte 
@iRestaurant re twitter'd @DunkinDonuts for cold Altanta: suggest ya negotiate deal in which calories are left in cyber space! 
fishin in Edisto for the next couple days 
@anneh632 I'm here! Get it?  B/c we're Kissimmee, the heart of Florida? 
@Corning_Futures yo, I live in Jacksonville lets do lunch 
lunch up town, then work from 12-8 &gt;&gt;&gt;  Charlotte tomorrow 
Jacksonville knows how to party!! The show tonight was amazing!  Elvis was in the house   http://twitpic.com/3i648
@MoLlyx143 In Nashville right now anyway  getting ready for summer tours
back home. Tennessee is great. 
beautiful morning in Atlanta even with all the pollen... 
@melissa_marr I'm looking forward to your stop in Nashville! 
Oh, and I did pass by Williams st in Atlanta.  Found the locations for each of those street shots on adult swim and will get pics 
Driving back to Conroe -- T-3 days till Orlando! 
Although that could be really funny in a &quot;Mississippi Masala&quot; kind of way. 
Statesboro fun this a.m. and I'm off to see the GreenJackets in Augusta tonight! 
@lukeaporco How is the weather today at Thunder Over Louisville?  I have family there I think... 
I can't believe I just slept for 2.5 hrs. Usually I am not much of a napper! Rdy for my hubby to get home from work...then Asheville! 
I love working @955TheBeat for real! We are the most diverse radio station in Atlanta &amp; this is the  perfect fit for me. I'm happy 
... Just saw downtown Raleigh for the first time tonight. It's awesome. 
Young Hood just touched down in Atlanta &amp; is tired as hell...Still finna' get up &amp; grind come sunrise!  www.myspace.com.younghoodchicago
Wedding gig in Chattanooga: bad. Getting paid to sing, even if it's a wedding gig in Chattanooga: good. I am blessed.  Thanks, Big Man  
On my way to Charlotte  http://twitpic.com/3l7tz
Getting ready then going to work at the homeshow in Nashville 
is out at Edgefield enjoying the weather  and not enjoying the hangover...
@dpesante   On my way back to Jacksonville after an all nighter.... Dancing all night! ..... Literally 
@Charlotte_xoxo oh yeah i saw tht before  they showed 17 again on the plane lastnight its soo funny!
actually loving this  can't wait to be in Valdosta on tuesday. i miss everyone terribly
@AlaynaPilet how was the concert? I'm going to the Atlanta show on thursday! 
@choochootheband sounds cool tks, can't hear too much at work will check 'em out tonite; anywyay Rickenbacker guitars cant be wrong 
One day until Tennessee!!! I can't wait to be home for awhile! 
bed time! Long day of playing in Nashville tomorrow 
@lofoolery Are you at Memphis in May?  or just drinking in private like a good Southern lady 
@CoachUrbanMeyer Coach Meyer can you run up the score to 70 when you play Tennessee?  
@sinbadbad Missed you on your Atlanta fight ~ hope it was good anyway 
Getting ready to go to Bradenton..work not fun (well maybe a little) 
i'm only going to be in Lexington today and tomorrow, but all my high school friends have plans! called prom. boo. i'll miss you guys 
Getting ready for Asheville with the girls  It's going to be a fun weekend!
Lunch in Greensboro followed by...hw? Bowling last night was fun. Sometimes all you need is a corn dog and mustard. 
Getting food somewhere outside Chattanooga  atl here we come.
I'm listening to the Kentucky Derby on ESPN... and trying not to make any sudden movements for my sunburn... YOUCH 
On my way to the Atlanta Braves game - hope it doesn't rain!   
@Chadbourn neat 
Spending the afternoon shopping with Shelby, having fun 
@LannaGirl and I missed the midnight train to Georgia 
@Elvis_15767 Living in Florida is a plus. The weather is always nice.  The big day is coming fast. I can't wait!
@natashawescoat and a good morning to you   @kurtyd and I are about to hit the trails onward to Nashville for our #ROADTWIP!!
@sqlagentman you meant that all summer long mix of sweet home Alabama and wolverines? 
@mfhorne as a sheff wed fan I'm over the moon, well done indeed,  Birmingham 
@LTLline Memphis Lifers, lol 
@rebelsher It's so great when they have &quot;their&quot; first pet. Charlotte is 3.5 yr old and she was so happy to see Bubbles this morning 
Shreveport this week for 311, NOLA next week for Wills wedding...ahhh, time away from manager mode!  now off to manager mode 
I'm going to all the Bruins away games here in Carolina for round 2   I need 3 things to keep living... 1) brother 2) music 3) hockey.
@ThinMint7050 You would have been better off coming down 45 in Tupelo to Hwy 82 then come across to Tuscaloosa on I-20... 
It felt so good to ride that after the show I'm gonna take the 2 1/2 hour ride to Atlanta get a steak and maybe ride all the way home. 
I bought the Franklin, Tennessee Paramore shirtttt!! 
@aplusk hey, are you in Atlanta? 
@aplusk don't know about Atlanta... but Tasmania is here 
@aplusk  I'm here in Atlanta 
@Keadabeada well, I hope you had fun in Atlanta 
@GingerCoe oh no worries though.  Only reason I know is because I got to meet her in Nashville. 
@WFUJerseyJon To Nashville  She's coming from Kansas to live with Ash and I this summer! 
spent the day partying down at Charlotte's 2nd birthday! Woo hoo!  I love that little chick! She's all sorts of awesome.
@Hickory200 Galactic greetings to you too.. nice pic 
's current goal is to lose 10 pounds by next tuesday! 120 here i come   soooo ready for Gatlinburg!
@james_a_hart ah.. Birmingham! I remember being there in the Wrox days 
@DanaBrunetti I'll give you directions from HJAIA to Covington 
Is Charleston bound for the day 
Just got back from Carlton in Greenville.  Benz is getting serviced.  Time to make some money.    I think I'll make some sales calls...
So it's rainy in Georgia, what do I do? Wear bright colors and hope the sun comes out!  (I'm doubtful that this is going to work)
@awesomerthanyou Memphis and RCW both have all new songs.  should be good. 
@Carolina_G  ur a poopy head 
It's so awesome to know that there are people who think I have what it takes to make it in Nashville, and who offer to help if I want it. 
@seangaffney Thankful the City of Greenville doesn't &quot;own&quot; Greenville. So Squared Eye have something else in mind. Coming soon. 
@katiewidhalm blinked when I saw Natchitoches  certainly familiar with that drive..
After a morning spent lounging around + enjoying an awesome b'fast, I'm off to play outside. Beautiful day here in Atlanta! 
Soaking up the beautiful Georgia Sunshine 
@abbylibrarian upside though it is beautiful in Louisville today 
Driving to Louisville with Shannon to see The Veronicas!! (my mom's the best for letting me go  love u momma!!!!
@kellyhines surprising Chief with a copy of the Springsteen concert from Greensboro tomorrow 
is in Georgia for the week! 
Laughing really hard at new promos   Auburn show was incredibly fun, thanks meghan for hooking us up! plusss i lost my phone again? 
Wake up!Packing stuff and leaving for Athens! Gd day!!! 
@therealsavannah  I hope all is well with you, Savannah! I've been with you since you started your career on youtube! =D
@amylovesoliver @DonoLooLoo if you're coming to Tulsa in this next two weeks let me know...i'm close to there 
Headed to the Mashable Mixer tonight in Atlanta! Looking forward to it  #mashatlanta
@MucheU so hey I might be moving to Atlanta... What's up?? Haha 
@susieqccc so you and lindsay have to pull for the guy from Arkansas 
@jenwcom ! It means we should live closer to each other, or at the very least visit on a semi-regular basis!   Hotlanta, here I come! 
@MoneyRelation @ManVsDebt true but you can fly Southwest to Nashville for cheap!  I could drive... hmmm...
@Selma_S what lovely memories - thanks for the beautiful images, nice write 
Best show of tour yet. No joke  Madison Alabama is the best!!!
Considering sleep. After all, what else is there to do at 3am in Americus? 
Gainesville today  I never use twitter.
Raining, again, in Alabama - I don't know how many days in a row this makes-but it keeps me inside and focused (mostly  on site work
@tellingtales Would love to go to the Globe--but am stuck here in Nashville.  
waiting to board flight in Atlanta... going home.... 
Hey Atlanta \ Midtown are peps- free carnival with free food!!j TODAY 12-2 Midtown Community Church 1095 State St Atlanta, GA 30318 
http://twitpic.com/5db33 - Getting off skyway. On the way to Ft. DeSoto 
I am in bed with Shelby 
just uploaded pictures of his new house in Savannah on facebook and myspace 
I'm up in the air...I can see Nashville below! I'm home 
Heading back to Tulsa...always nice to see family...always nice to go home 
Listening to Breathe Carolina 
Memphis was amazing 
@ChaySoup Have a great summer Chason. See you in Macon 
Alabama is alot of fun so far bowling and chilling with old friends this is the life 
Is @Charlotte_Lucas the real one? If so, hello @Charlotte_Lucas 
Charleston is going to spend some time without me.... He is finally going to enjoy some deafening silence after a long while! 
Mad cleaning dash whilst Charlotte sleeps, then sock knitting 
I've got a bullet proof vest on.     Walkin to Shelby's, takin her bus to school.  I love her.     let's go job huntin this week. text.
beautiful day in Tennessee!!  Starbucks then running around all day call/text me
Working the Asheville area for the next three months, less driving 
I got no sleep this weekend. But visiting Memphis and my friends was worth it 
is about to get everyone ready for the day.  We are eating breakfast, doing a little shopping and heading back to Southaven today. 
http://twitpic.com/5f9lt - It's smoggy Atlanta in the distance. 
@rehmus where im moving? Chattanooga. 
Sitting in class in Atlanta for the new 7 series!! What fun! 
@leightonmarissa CONGRATS!!! We at CW Atlanta are so stoked for the finale tonight!!  
@fayelicious I have Sims 3 if you want me to bring it to Gwinnett this weekend, but you can't have my 360 controller 
ok it is time for me to pass out. Raleigh tomorrow! 
@EPMorgan OOOh to Rome??? I like!!!  I'd rather do Rome then Florida...but I don't think Loz would! :S
@Marianna_B got it, thanks  see ya tomorrow!
@plangarden my garden plan is based on a Mississippi farmer who has been farming for 70 years 
Here's the plan: GSP 2 ATL 2 DC (pick up mom) 2 Paris to Florence...Italy NOT South Carolina  See dad, eat lots, meet hott italian, home.
Is boarding the plane in Nashville on our way back 
is finishing up some packing &amp; heading to Atlanta for the weekend....text the cell if you want 
...rain is finally tappering off... mostly cloudy skies across Northeast Florida/Southeast Georgia... perhaps we'll see some sun today 
Sounds like a whirlwind roadtrip! I'd so love to join.  I'll be in Birmingham from the 12-19.. stop by  @Joshnsaunders
Is headed to Alabama to see my little big brother graduate from high school 
At work; jealous of twitters that actually get to go away this weekend; glad i like Raleigh cause I'm stuck here every weekend 
looks forward to Huntsville weekend: grilling out poolside at 1 home, enjoying mountaintop view from the other... 1 family, 2 locations  
Yay! @cherellels  Have fun in Louisville!!!
About to finish packing for my trip to Atlanta. 
About to go to Bardstown road for a little shopping...then partay tonight! Loving life right now, especially the people &lt;3 
Going to Birmingham today with @ravinmavin1 for Cosi, shopping, and &quot;State of Play&quot; at the Birmingham 8. 
Gorgeous day in East Tennessee!!!! Gettin ready to go to work... niece's high school graduation tomorrow!! 
We are out of Arkansas and in Tennessee!!! About to eat Lunch at Hard Rock Cafe in Memphis! 
@davidbadash Like me and Virginia &quot;the ignorant&quot; Foxx 
@Hickory200 I think u could be the nice symbol of bearyness that is relateable to a newer generation of young cute bear guys 
Hanging out in Kingston, Tennessee with my dudes, glad to be in a band of friends 
@billyraycyrus yay can't wait for more new episodes  also loved your song back to Tennessee in the hannah movie, so catchy!! 
is excited about Tunica for my 21st birthday and dad's 45th birthday. Yay for having the same birthday as my father 
@viny_vegas if its 11 something in Nashville which is an hour behind Baltimore. Does that mean its 11 something in Japan?? IdK GASKANK! 
@iCharlotte Aww Charlotte you make me blush 
@mitchelmusso if u come to Arkansas I can promise u I will be there! 
@SuzanneReed ~ I really loved it in Knoxville and Memphis~ it was a bit of a culture shock from Boston and Miami at first though 
@Neo_drone I'm in Florida, and can't sleep, but thanks.  You too.
@krisiallen I am making serious efforts to go rafting w/a ols h.s. friend in Asheville NC in Aug/Sept, will look into Memphis/Miss, too 
199 followers...pretty insane  I talked to Savannah on the phone tonight! That was awesome haha. i think it was...like a three min.conv 
