Most common words for this cluster:
[('august', 149), ('september', 57), ('november', 56), ('october', 55), ('december', 38), ('th', 26), ('i', 26), ('january', 25), ('time', 22), ('february', 20), ('na', 17), ('year', 16)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'October', 0.9857900142669678), (u'August', 0.9792959690093994), (u'February', 0.9737464189529419), (u'September', 0.9687324166297913), (u'January', 0.9629950523376465), (u'November', 0.9567071795463562), (u'December', 0.9522868394851685), (u'March', 0.9326909780502319), (u'June', 0.9310359954833984), (u'April', 0.924167275428772)]





What happened to April? This looks more like December 
@brianmckinney there are a bunch of good places on Mass and a few blocks off. I'm looking too but I'm stuck in my lease until August 
@Schofe I went 2 the NHM in December, took my boyf who'd never been! Didnt get 2 c the dinos tho. 
@edenrachael i guess there's a #readathon in april &amp; in october...guess ima have to participate in the one in October 
@doctorandree  It will 3 years for my mom, too, in October. I know what you mean about missing him. I miss my mom, too, all the time.
has different plans for the summer..only first  week of August in Egypt 
@iceMagic the problem is the flight costs on convenient dates (early August) are huge  And I really really wanna see the Giger museum!
hates the fact she is going to have to sue a magazine for not paying her for stuff she wrote in December 
Looking forward to going home but I'm sad that I won't see my hubby til October 
sooo lucky to be a mom...can't believe how fast time is going...my baby is going shool in September 
why are airline tickets so expensive for December?! 
@Ruthlovesmovies Yes - we had one in there back in November but the house-owners wouldn't do anything about it. So it's happened again 
Austrilia &amp; Japan in August......no it needed to be in 2010 so I could go 
@lesley007 usually only once a week and gym or small workout in the house other days but been rubbish since about February 
And the sun is back up again.  Could we have more of the kind of weather we had last January and February? I like jackets. 
September 11 is rather depressing. I feel really badly for the huge loss of lives. 
@simplyyv I don't think I'm coming back til August   and that's only going to be for a couple of days.. ahhh.
@rebecca878 but I saw them for first time 6th October 2008 (: it was amazing.. I remember I cried  have you ever see them? take care (: xx
Pissed that paramores new album isn't coming out until September 
@PreciousParcels now need to make a decision about what I'm going to do workwise as not much work in September   (sorry this is so long)!!
Off for lunch in a min - chicken sandwiches, doritos and an Activia, its lookin like October outside 
@garpods22 oh wait are you getting to go to a concert in September?! Mine isn't until October  but at least I can go to this one!
@ccaramelnoriega im moving soon, so getting my house sorted, then started college in September, busy busy. No holiday tho  how bout u?
need's summer, want summer, can't imagine all this cold 'till September?? 
@loris_sl I wish I could but sadly I don't have much time off  Only 5 days in July and I'm going to London in December already 
@tcordrey My mum keeps bees but nearly all her hives died over winter, due to the depth of the February  snow out in country. 
@carltimms That's good to know. I do feel for people who have this procedure. M still suffering repercussions from my January extraction 
@rmilana The idea of a call, seems exciting, but not untill November..    #coffeeclub
...taking. However I have to wait until the end of August, for the next trade paperback, before I get to see what happens next 
BALLS! Two gigs cancelled in the space of an hour; for fucks sake  August is truly going to suck this year booooooooooooo
@CanadianJennie August 29th is  not good for me  It's my little sister's bday and I'm working that weekend.
@Jonasbrothers I really want to come to the show in Belgium in November, but the concert hall is not accesible for wheelchairs 
@MaryJJohns I have been jonesing for a cigarette since December 3rd, 2007 
I'm all kinds of disappointed that August's surprise isn't going to be ready tomorrow.   At least I still have your glasses.
@QueenOfKnights I am!  We've been married for 2 1/2 years now!  We found out I was prego in February, but then lost the baby in March! 
I don't ship out until October 
@ayawan I actually meant to type &quot;end of September&quot; but I was in the middle of a conversation with someone and I cant multitask 
@MAVinBKK I know but the wait will be worth it - November just seems so far away at the moment  ;)
@lavsmohan In my case, it's going to be exams showing me a thing or two.  I'm very much hopeful about November '09, though. 
The CIA said &quot;the grass is always greener on the other side&quot; alongside overconfident January! 
@lilyroseallen Got tickets for your gig in Glasgow, gutted we have to wait til November though 
can I just go to sleep and wake up in December when my house is all organized and the baby is here?.. feeling like poo today 
@spaciireth was planning on next month, but apparently they're taking a break  maybe August - and then October/November?...
I just cried @ dinner because my mom said she wouldn't let me buy blink tickets because she doesn't known where we'll be in August  fml.
Date night went well. I miss this him  Can October come any slower?
@nataleat I will be at camp from June 1st to August 1st  But I am coming to Dallas in August. I will see you if it's the last thing I do!
Jacy is leaving for vegas in August, bummin me out and crap 
@ddlovato woah Yay you!  have fun! i have to wait till June to have vacation and till August to  leave Belgium 
Algorithmic game theory revision still slooow going. At this rate I won't be ready until mid-August. 
My ladies just left  but it was seriously the best three days of the year. In August lets beat that! &lt;3 You girls drive safe!
@1BarbaraJohnson well today i've visited a new school for September but i don't like this skool :S..so im still trying to find something 
@everymac yeah, too bad I won't have the money till October or November.  oh well. there's bound to be something.
@DannyTRS You jammy devil.  It's not out here (U.K) until October 
@maestro but I guess it'll have to be for August's issue  *sniffs*
@cascandar Not out here until September/October 
@botanicalglass but what do we do until THAT happens? w/the strong personalities we have it could be August! By then it's almost over 
I so bored.....cant wait for October I am going to have an awesome time!!  Not only am I bored I cant go to sleep 
@TheFireTonight That is awesome! I just recently decided to move to Australia in August, so I unfortunately will not be here 
@coreybennett sure, you'll have to wait till January though  too far away!
in August I am going to loads of places! LOL so I might tweet a bit in august 
today is the flight of my beloved friends going back to her place, Capiz... I will see her again on December... 
@tebergin I am actually starting to jog/run to try and get fitness up a bit since stopping smoking in January, no starbucks near me tho 
just saw the flyer/poster for my performance in September...they misspelled my name 
@kitchentiles they can't be back in October! I have my prom, I have the vestibular, I won't go 
cant believe its hailing here!! WTF?.. It feels like November, not June   Birthday in 10 days! @jonathonrknight wanna jump from my cake?
In bed ready for school/college tomorrow  Cannot wait until November 
Still in a lot of pain.... I guess this is what I get for binging on 15 cans of coke a day for a fortnight last October. 
Is September here yet?  
@banannieberry heh, I'm looking forward to November for that. I didn't make it very far... T_T school is so busy-making. 
@Turbolax It IS time to move but unfortunately we have to wait until our lease is up in November  
@_CrC_ I want to, but August not looking likely now.  Would be amazing to go.
@Yodacious soon. so I don't think until at least August? but then I start school then. so honestly, no clue 
I wish Thursdays could be happy..but they won't be September. 
@ishthefish and we have to wait till November.....  way too long!
Last day of work tomorrow...must find part-time job this summer...work starts back up in August.  I will miss the kids 
The new Computicket site only allows me to purchase tickets for events on 1 January 1970 at 2am 
The long and short of it is, I'm 24.  25 in October.  I have no money, no career, no love and no direction.  I'm burning out 
By Tessa...until possibly beginnig of August or...December... 
@sintaxasn That was last week  Not another now until August.
stressfully  waiting for resolution on the modification that I paid a lawyer to handle in December 08 
@EviLovesMcFly That's very easy really...but it's so long 'til November 
@LBJsBrownBag June is here but it looks like February 
Breaking out last year's summer purse. The sweet very-faux-leather pink one I bought for $7 last November has all but fallen apart. 
@IsaBellaSwanCul I wish November came faster this year..171 sounds too much 
Last of the gadget show until August 
I am taking general donations for my tickets to the Colts vs Patriots game on November 15 tickets start at $129 
http://twitpic.com/6f4ix - This was wayyyyyyy back in February 
@NadiaElijah uni is fine, finish now till September! i've watched all the prison break episodes  we really need to catch up soon.
'bout to eat lunch. scared for August. i got a test to see what grade i'll be in next year. wouldn't b surprised if i ended up in 7th 
@hopperdoc not yet sweetie, but you're getting there. It's not August yet either 
@JulieMountain I wish  BUT I hope to be in Vancouver in February
I'm supposed to take science MCAS this week, but I haven't had science class since January! I might just fail this. 
I need to see the ocean, northern brazilian beaches maybe, but... not until next January ... 
@FadedGal I want to go to greenville again this yr,i can't afford plane.. ugh.I won't have a &quot;paycheck&quot;til this December 
@drader1 Haha..yeah I knew they were going to dominate! November is wayyy too far away!   gahhh
@writesfortea Ugh nvm it's not 'till September 
Talking with my sissy...gonna miss her in August 
@jobucks UP (the film) was released on May 29 in the US and scheduled for release on October 16 in the UK  http://tinyurl.com/5ypq39
@Jabogan November 
@sybastien Not until August. 
@NewMoneyZay August 
ugh i'm dying to hear ANYTHING from #Ellipse it's driving me nuts, I can't wait for August 
@nathanpye September was the last I heard 
Missing miss lewakowski..she's in O-H-I-O=dumb! Also awaiting nice weather..what month is it anyway? Feels like October 
@liz522 I don't get home til mid-August  I'm sorry everyone is leaving you, but hey, you get to go to Aruba!!
the sun is shining, the birds are singing and I'm working  but I have just booked 2 weeks off in September Yippiee  )
...Windows 7 on October 22nd! I'll have to have a month of uni running Vista  http://trunc.it/aybg . Just need to assess machines now!
Message to the office peeps: i'll be there in November.... 
@troika90 @gfalcone601 I knoww! I bet hes sitting in a cinema in November watching it and laughing at us back in June 
@ERiiiN the blink-182 concert in August. 
Sociagami looks cool, but it hasn't been updated since December and you can't download it.  http://sociagami.com/
@miSPA you off on your trip next week? We're staying put until August. 
@bounder oh ahhhh, I see! Aww  better luck for August!
@johncmayer Aww... August 9th is my birthday 
Feeling REALLY discouraged about my non-existing weight loss.  I've only lost 28 lbs since August. :'-(
wondering if there's something can brought me back to November 
my heart deploys in December..... 
@msliedrecht not until after August I would have to say 
i miss my SWAC cast!   October hurry up!
August 29th, mark your calendars everyone. I'm going to have to stock up on tissues all summer... it's going to be so sad 
last day seeing friends until August 
@blueeyez1014  no..not this tour. i saw them last year in October &amp; then again in March but, nothing this time around...have other plans. 
@AricSky I *think* I'm going to see her in MPLS in August. I bought a ticket, but things have gotten complicated 
Is the sun confused or what? One would suppose bright sunshine at the beginning of June and it looks like mid-October! Damp, foggy, cold. 
i miss dodger games  i wont b able to go to one til August!
.....But the bad thing is....we get them after we go Mexico in August, so they will be quite grown up  hopefully i won't get swine flu!!!
I got it figured out. No phone until August 
@turquoiseink I know.  and do we have a posse set to make the trip on August 8th?
@haleyxfax same! I haven't seen them since November. 
My mum says I'm not allowed a bunny  However, when it comes to September and I move into my house, it's gonna be bunny o'clock.
@ryanrockets we put in $1000 of bids last November -- didn't get a single ticket! 
@mills16 Is it that bad? I'll change it then  I am going in September why?
@amberback I'm probably going to just have to use my old one until the end of August 
August is 28 is 13 weeks away 
August 28 is 13 weeks away 
@TalkyMcSaysAlot  Not until October 
I wanna be in California already!! August is too far away 
@annahhfreeman I think what really got me is i'm moving in September so I won't be graduating with my class. 
im so sad just said good-bye to my sister and fam...wont see them till mid-August 
@jeremymonteiro thanks, it's a great city, I love it! (It's my first time) Unfortunately I finish in August so won't get to see your show 
@sueveeyall August 17 
Oh August 2009?  Why is everything happening in August (or so it seems)?
Just got back from my lovely nephew's christening. He's so beautiful! It's going to be hard to leave them both in September... 
@esperanza_ i know i am.  can't wait for August.
@diviroxx  and we'll miss you  are u adding a tour date in Paris in November ?
@Denpasar I'm looking to go in November and the deals sent that far out yet 
is very very very sad that she can't go see @mileycyrus in concert in October.  shes the love of ma life!
@girl_from_oz @dannyisaywhat She's moved the date forward to August 25th 
@katyperry Was meant to see you tonight in Birmingham  I guess i'll see you in August.
wish my bestiee was here ; imm so boreed I need too bad she's too far away won't see her till her bday in November 
Looks like there's not going to be an August wedding....sorry cuz. 
wow, I just stumbled across a conversation from December...not good 
Just found out that summer orchestra has been cancelled. I'm sorely disappointed.  But it'll make August all the more sweeter!
so sad this amazing weekend is over.  hoping August comes very quickly!
@LoBosworth I'm looking forward to 'Up', it's not out in the U.K till October time though.  You'll have to let us know what it's like.
August said he'd be home 45 minutes ago 
@CraftyMamaBlog November of 2008 forgot to @ you  #CraftyM4
Disappointed that I can't get the palm pre till August 
@OfficialTL It looks likes it's gonna be awesome!! November seems sooo far away. 
is leaving Marinduque tomorrow morning. October na ulit an balik 
is leaving Marinduque tomorrow morning. October na ulit ang balik 
@petehinton I don't finish until the end of August  (via @joedetic)
Checking my MySpace for the first time since like February... 
being sent to Addenbrookes re #hayfever... prob get the appointment in November. 
@nkotb @donniewahlberg I've been riding on emotional roller coaster since January 26th 2008... but this time... too hard to get over it. 
@MeaganProctor I won't be back until  August 
@cheerfulshe will tell you in September-payment in advance. 
...but all the tour dates are just before August 16th. 
Looking at new mobile phones  contract up in October...stuck on what to get next 
it's my last Monday off til September!! 
There's no fighting it, I have a cold  I haven't been sick since January though so I guess that's a pretty good run.
Having done my exam, am thinking that it went so well that I might have to retake it in December... 
@Skinnybobjunior yeh, I'm stuck with them till February 
@AndiJo684 they aren't even touring until August, and that's in Europe 
October 31, 2009 release date of nba 2k10 why so long 
@CityGirl912 supposed to be late August! looks like im trimming the number of stops though 
Anyone else sad there is no more basketball until November? 
Why can't it be August? 
Greeks season is over.  ~~ But returns in August! 
I am waiting until my boyfriend comes home... &amp; thats what I'll be doing until September 
@ldyghstwhisprer  Aw, hon, I am so sorry.    We've lost two dogs since January, but not that close together. I feel your sadness...*hugs*
@tonialbn ty but I'll be 40 in August  still plentyof shopping days left!!
The first time we'd been out together since last August.  I wish we would've held out just one more week for Year One.  
Just realised that I have the first 2 weeks off in August and can't afford to go away anywhere. And have no-one to not go anywhere with 
@greekshow seriously dude? That is not a way to end the season. How are we supposed to wait timm September now? That's so unfair. 
ahhhh i need tickets to see limp bizkit in london August 1st  is it sold out or are the tickets just not on sale???
@October8th Thanks for the coffee...*sips and checks messages* sorry you're goin in so early 
wants to go to Manila from 15-22 September but has no money 
i'm SO fucking tired i want to die. I think I have adrenal exhaustion. I've had it since surgery, I've not been well since February 
Couldn't resist the urge to book a few days in Ibiza for some clubbing but August is crazy expensive, might have to wait till next year 
Where is summer?  Feels more like October than June 
@WickdWeirdWitch aah nope i have to work on all weekends till August  ...
@LadyNez95 I&quot;m kindda diggin it and I'd like to have some...'cept my bday isn't til November    damn!
The heat index at the Beach today is going to be 105 degrees... I can't wait till August when it gets hot really hot.... 
Wondering what umma do in December when it's all over 
@FrumeSarah no, the 1st session is expensive too, but 2nd sessions are harder to find...as if nobody has to work during August 
@uberpat my friend has reached his 2 years and can upgrade his iphone  i'm so jealous and I cant hang with him til January lol
@maclark11 I believe August sadly we have to wait 2 months 
@momAgenda Why do all the momAgenda's start in August. This will be my second one and I feel like I am wasting so much of it. 
@curly00315 so jealous, are there many special features on the dvd? its not released here til August 
It is unbelievably hot out there. It's gonna be 150 degrees in August at this rate 
feels awesome to stay up the whole night and dont think about the summer at all! but school starts again August 20th... 
Feels awesome to stay up the whole night and don't think about the school at all! but then August 20th school starts again 
@EliseHa   ya......... i got my iphone not too long ago either but if i wanna get the new one i have to wait until August 
@bobbywan Your lucky! I'll be waiting until December for my 3gs 
@sierratuttle I did it way back in September  i dont even tan! I signed it for the gym that I don't use..
really wants to see pink again in August, but not sure if I can afford it.. 
@DJStrife what is this... Oxford in February? lol... 
Still no news from IGT   ... been out of work since August and with my wife being 5 months pregnant ATM I could really use a job !
@costa_kout I KNOOOOOW. It said September, which seems ages away 
...can't wait until October 
I've come to terms with the fact that I will most likely have to file for unemployment at the end of August. *sigh*  
@a_dexter i think September 
@anaga_by for what?? school?? ... August 15 
wants to see the movie &quot;gamer&quot; not out till September, though 
@sup_ashley I AGREE! I've always wanted to go to a show on it birthday. But there isn't many is December 
@tomwisniewski hahahahah  hahahahaha that sucks!!! and yes...Yearbook is an excellent name, see you in August bud. we'll make this happen
Not looking forward to Everton's games in February  #fixturelist
Editing the material for www.wordlive.org that is live in September and just realised my brithday is on a Monday and not the weekend 
Off out into the cold, rain and wind now  Is his June or November I wonder...
@definatalie oh, when? It's an awesome show and it doesn't start for real here 'til September. 
@3thbi ;* Aww love you tooo bro! A3a6eelllll in November 
@edwardarch the meeting is over, we will roll out the service on July, so no hope for a vacation for me until December 
@GTRussell finished my second year still one year left  when I move back in September we will have to meet up for a few drinks 
@seanchoe I'm just a pessimist   I should be more of a glass half full guy. I'm returning to Seoul in August, hope to get it then.
@JoanaRijo my diploma is postoned to November, you can't imagine how it sucks! 
living in Florida = I don't go outside from May - September 
really empty nest.    just got back from taking daughter to orlando to work for disney til January.
@b33f4l0 I still don't qualify as mine was in December anyway  super double sucks!
@dimhalo i was eligible for a 3G ;\ now im not eligible until December, 2009. I paid $95 instead of $99+ a month.. sucks  i might call..
@lidaverner I get it really bad every February, but it has been dark for 2 days &amp; raining all today, so starting to get moody today 
@phillyinsider Just tried to call and make a reservation. They said that they're booked through August too. 
@Pink hi any chance of some tickets 4 my 30th bday October for bham i went in April   but got back to car got parking ticket   boooo
okay my sisters are taking me to Jamaica for my bday in October so I still have time to get it together...swimsuit!?!?!?! 
@TheLatency Of course you will be, I wont be able to make it though  Why couldn't you have waited until August?
@TWBuddha I have 1st gen. and it said I have to wait until December 17th-18th 
It's not so bad.  I just lost everything from November of 2008 to the present 
I want a puppy right now... I don't wanna wait til August 
@cfstinabug  Really sorry to hear you're not feeling well. Just pull through until August.
@cjminott Doesn't come back til January of 2010  The anticipation is going to kill me.
I miss the circus.  can't wait to go back in September!!!  http://twitpic.com/7p2dt
@JohnCleese ah my mind boggles me!!!! You tricked me!  your birthday is  October 27....aw you're indeed laughing at me now aren't you?
@chickendoughnut Carpal tunnel. I'm getting surgery on my right wrist in August, and probably the left one in December. 
veeeeryy borrred!!!  I am waiting on November
@mandomc I wish I could but I have class June 23 - August 4 M-TH from 6:30 - 8:05 pm 
looking forward to vacation...in December 
@nickjonas, I wish I could have come to wembley  can't go in November either  i'm pretty gutted 
Last days of college tomorrow. Going to miss all you guys that aren't coming back in September!  x
@tanneratchinson working at the hospital in port angeles. which is like an hour or so away  but I'm moving there in October so maybe it
http://twitpic.com/7qclf - From February.. I miss my really long hair. 
@BelltownCrime I hope it was the guy that attacked me in January in that area so he is put behind bars 
@janaej Things are going to continue to be bleh and chaotic and stressful until the middle of August.  
Getting ready to go to work... i wish it were August right now, i want to be in Hawaii soooooooooo bad! 
Is it football season yet???    can't wait till August.
@gandalfar Next trip I know of is Cupertino in October... 
@tommeholatical we're officially moving on August 20th.    But we also officially sent your shirts out this week!!
@cefiore You got one for the students coming back in September? This one expires too soon 
@alyssaavant My vacation isn't until September 8 
seriously cannot take this anymore, September cannot come fast enough 
The new iPhone is out but gotta wait until October  damn you 18-month contracts!!
@mtpflyers you are a crazy boy!  i'm not getting 3gs    cannot upgrade for free till December and would cost too much to buy out contract
@MonaDeFleur: If I'm right about what you speak of - August sometime. Probably won't be easy to find 
Cleaning again today .... Hopefully I shall be done by September 
@Edeuinu the only thing that sucks is I can't pic message yet  I have to wait until August!
@Winstonthemoose October, I think 
Just found out I'm being furloughed starting August 1  this is bad, very, very bad...
@shmorrow i won't get a day off until at least December  i'm not kidding
_Loves_You I have to wait till their like second last show to see them  thats in November 
I wanna go see Year One tonight. For people who dont know, i haven't been to the movie theater since December. I wanna get over my fear. 
Waiting for October, 23rd.  http://bit.ly/eLimg 
I guess this is my practice for more difficult goodbyes in August 
@mommyinstincts no.  I got mine a while ago, in January or February.
@mitchelmusso i don't give up, so i'll try this again. are you still coming to vancouver August 23? there hasn't been a venue posted 
 it's thunderstorming and August said he'd call me back.  I don't think he's going to... 
August 24th was seriously the best day of my life. Why cant my parents realize how much this means to me? 
I really wanna do a new painting this summer. I probably won't be able to start one til August 
October, come to me   Make it fast before I go crazy trying to find ways to kill time.
@pfspleen is that referring to the cleaning or the DVDs?! Haha! Ok, so August and September will be far from boring, but until then... 
@itsalli it's not out here til September 
@TickleMeJoey I really REALLY wish I was   roll on November
@zellious ahhh the last time i spoke to you was like,.. when I was 14/15?!!! tragic  i'm doing ok, starting uni in October  you? xx
I found a free coupon to the vapor lounge but it expired in January 2008 
@monkeycoco They are all repeats here now.  No new episodes until September.  
I wish it was November. 
There's a conference coming up in September I really want to apply to but I have no idea(read: too many) what to write about 
I'm in love with much better. And turn right. I want those brothers for christmas  hint hint @karinaemma and @gandmetz ! November baby! X
This song I'm working on is making me cry.. It's called 'Dear February'.. u can't know what it's about  but a lot of us women can relate!
i can't believe it doesn't come out until November 6th...such a long wait 
Really want to attend @wordcampnz in August, but it's probably out of my reach and means. 
I think my next August call is going to be in six days  ughhhh
@AnditisLiz enjoy every minute with him, I just lost mine this February 
its going to be very hard August is very far away  I think i can do it, I hope so.
Until October, thinking about skiing makes me so sad, it's like I temporarily broke up w/ it. mayB I'd kill 4 year round skiing. mayB... 
school tomorrow and im soo not keen. im soo tired.  and i thought Fathers day was in August?
Just found out it might be released on August 6th instead 
@akikohayashi So it was the longest day of the year... Days getting shorter from now until December. 
@LuckyMolina I didn't last month and I barely did since January but now it's all coming out  But I could get off b.c. and stop at any time
I miss my father. He died in October, 11 mo. after breaking his hip, contracting cancer, &amp; complications fr. COPD. I helped care for him. 
@dianechia i still miss the November08/December08/January09 Martin. He seem to reply randomly and lesser now 
@cmayblueeyes I know! I miss curling up with a good book...lucky you though, after this class I have to finish 795B by August. 
@howlertwit I'm 30 in September. 
@alexxpiinksz LUCKKKYYYY i have to wait until August  boooo.
noooooo!! Loaded are supporting black stone cherry in October...while im away! Typical urghhh!!   
change of plans  hubby not moving until August.
Inca trail permits sold out for dates I wanted to go in September 
@tats_ They also stopped the production right now but then they are gonna continue it in August 
flash is going mobile in October on most platforms...except the iphone, that is. apologies to you, fans of steve jobs. 
@HennArtOnline thanks. She had to ne put to sleep 26th November last year. She was lovely and is still missed  thanks for looking 
I am bummed how much work gets in the way of life! So much for my August vacation 
@ok2baprincess He also declared his last day at work August 21 
wish I can go for @ladygaga concert in August. 
i miss 10 January 2009 &lt;3 bcause its my bday bash! and he's so nice for me :&quot;) and now? he's so arrogant 
I am thinking of December...... 
Woolworths Wont let me register online!!! I have to be 18 or over to buy a pic n mix?  in 17 now 18 in November
I hate colds!!!! It meant I couldn't go to london  hopefully I will be able to go in August!!!!
@descarabe il be in crutches until September  but it could always be worse, no amputations at least :p
@jtineee we didn't meet yet!  are you coming back here this December??
This is going to be one expensive August 
is continuing her &quot;blah&quot; week.  The first week in August will not get here soon enough. 
@manuelchao il still be in crutches in September! 
Starting to be nervous. No normal tickets at the sea in August 
@swiftkaratechop I'm glad someone's on track, I've been nocturnal since December. 
However, I was so excited to get on my husbands sweet plan in January and I am getting kicked off and back onto ours 8/1 boo 
@michellekl smart thinking. But I still have a year after October! 
@houstonbeauty yea,not til September 
@CiaranCuffe  #bludget #B09 But Budget 09 happened in October, remember? 
@Jamaipanese but, you may want to be jumping in my suitcase in, oh, around August. Announcement to come soon 
@vintageglam those coat tags are really fun!  i will recommend those to a girlfriend getting married in November! 
@mattnico Having been a father in previous November's, I congratulate you! 
@November11_2011 i always wish at 11:11.(: care to tell me what this thing is about ? 
@SudsyMaggie thanks. I've been told I need to try it fresh in September though 
Is 10 in August 
@helou have just sent him an email &amp; gave him your url. he's in Iran in October for a few weeks &amp; then again in March - you never know 
@meghankathleen that is what I heard, August especially, oh well both are still great cities so its worth it 
@vkgoeswild Your November rain cover was fantastic by the way!!! 
And the sun is back up again.  Could we have more of the kind of weather we had last January and February? I like jackets. 
@tommcfly You're getting new fans all the time. I wasn't one until November 
done with the dentist until November 
@spawn33  hahaha awww just wait until mid-August 
@xoxmillyxox 26th February 
@greggarbo i bought it! and it's awesome. it's definitely amazing, i mean everything by jb is amazing! see you on August 3rd 
@Olly_13 yep will be there in October  hopefully all the flu has gone haha
getting excited about October 
@pinkelephantmom it's not the last book. Another one coming out in November. 
@VConfections I might take you up on some of those caramel nougats  I will be in Chicago in August, maybe I can pick up some strawberries?
@peace_ Now THAT sounds interesting. Anything you want to share before September (which is when I'm due)? 
@Zoeyjane Infuckingdeed. And July. And August. And September. Every month until our weather is parallel. How's that? 
@kacidbrown I'm moving to Phoenix in August so hopefully the scenery change will do me some good, I do love it   How are you by the way?
Looks like I'm going to Denmark on 27th July - 2nd August to visit my grandma 
@hillaryxcore omg yes! I turned 16 in September but I had gotten my permit late. I'm excited 
Yay my mum said i can go see @mileycyrus in concert in December  x
But June 6 is not going to be anywhere near as glorious as August 15. Woot woot. 
@maiastpierre We should!  Dapat before December 2010, nakapagbakasyon na tayong 4! 
@richardjfoster I've just replied to the e-mail you sent me in - *cough* - February. I did sort of have an excuse, which I've explained. 
Planning to drinkanother cup of coffee, still planning where to go for a city holiday and dreaming of one month Nigeria trip on December 
It's past 4:30 AM, but my last paper has finally been submitted!  No more homework until September!  
@lsads Oh my gosh!!! love it!!!  made me wanna cry! August August here I come!!!
could be using this time to get on with coursework that was due in November. But instead I'm just sitting in a warm puddle of happy 
@silverstein seeing u friday  play November plz?
@stephenmdowney Wow! I'm planning on drawing a 6 page story between now and September 
@djraghkstar beginning of January. just never really announce stuff like that. I do answer when asked 
@paparoach can't wait to see you in SLC on August 26th! It can't fucking come fast enough! 
@RaygunOfficial you guys were fab when i saw u at the o2 london P!nk  enjoy the tour guys ;] keep doin what u do best cu in December!xxx
@jordanalorraine  I'm not in town that weekend, but I can reserve the month of August to have dimsum with you 
@minhoba  &quot;!?!????..&quot; =&gt; from January 28, 2006! *lol* - japan  install the charset 
Oh &amp; December was there too!! What a sweet babygirl  http://twitpic.com/5ogrw
just landed another wedding photography gig in August, happy out  
@sarma A summer internship would be awesome! I'm free and don't have to teach again until August 17th! Where do i sign up? 
@shonabris well next year we can meet up for coffee!  We have only been there once before, on our honeymoon in January.. fell in love!
@johnleesandiego nope, my bday's only in August 
might be playing the Scala in August....potential birthday event thang too....watch this space 
Final exam was really easy  No uni 'til September!! 
@KirbyTheDog I know you would come if you could Kirbs. I think they might add more dates in October. Just a feeling. We have October. 
@WickerPix September. I have exactly 4 months to study. 
@SaschaScarpulla I know how you feel, haha. Hopefully by October I can get some time off and look for a puppy 
Thinking of August makes me happy  I will never get over how amazing @brookefraser is. That makes me happy too lol.
@_IANNE T___T lets think on the bright side. ISA in August.. jst 3 more months.... 
The Placebo tickets didn't get away from me this time  whoop! 6 December people!
@lavsmohan In my case, it's going to be exams showing me a thing or two.  I'm very much hopeful about November '09, though. 
@DonnieWahlberg Ddub can't wait too see u August 10th  first time ever!!
