Most common words for this cluster:
[('awake', 312), ('am', 21), ('hours', 12), ('im', 11), ('wide', 8), ('lol', 8), ('house', 8), ('sleep', 7), ('amp', 7), ('night', 7), ('way', 7), ('day', 6)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'awake', 0.9839578866958618), (u'asleep', 0.6121006011962891), (u'sleep', 0.6099056601524353), (u'wakeful', 0.5997036099433899), (u'sleeping_soundly', 0.5936188101768494), (u'sleepless', 0.5883050560951233), (u'waking', 0.5852354168891907), (u'groggy', 0.5566639304161072), (u'falling_asleep', 0.5476107597351074), (u'nap', 0.5416370034217834)]





Its wayy to early to be awake... zZz!! 
Watched a movie... feeling sleepy but know that when i actually get up from the lounge and move to bed I'll be wide awake 
awake now  sleep = bad when u have overcooked yourself!
@ohfosholb  stay awake girl! partylife
@thehulkster very random. i'm like wide awake now 
i can't stay awake right now. so i guess @taiheartshbk i was wrong about coming back. 
Its almost 3 am and I'm wide awake 
Attempting to stay awake (how sad) 
I've been awake for almost 24 hours and still can't sleep 
wide awake and bored.. 
is trying to stay awake after being up all night feeling ill 
awake. an ant crawled on my lip when i was laying in bed! 
awake, thinking about exercising, 
haven't been up that long. already tired again. the boys are wide awake 
has a nosebleed at 3am   so annoying wide awake now!
business is really boring  i can barely stay awake
Trying to stay awake i feek yucky  
@pristyles Neither can I!  It's nice to know I'm not the only one awake, however!
i just had a very bad nitemare  is anyone awake?? :'(
awake and preparing for Rixt's funeral 
all day i have thought about sleep i was so tired now i finally make it to bed and i am wide awake 
@stevebanfield &quot;practically&quot; all night. it's almost 3am here and i'm wide awake. 
@shelliwazzu too late I'm afraid.. wide awake.. 
awake.. I'm totally bored... 
@MELODYCROSS im wide awake too...i know it sucks! 
its too early to be awake on a saturday 
I hate it when I am wide awake this early, and I know that if I get up, I'll be tired later. but I just can't fall back asleep 
I just woke up and can't go back to sleep, this totally sucks, my day to finally sleep in and I'm wide frakin awake!  
awake already 
At last I have the bed to myself, only problem is I'm wide awake 
need to go to bed now   i'm wide awake too
Yeeeeeah..... I like how I'm wide awake  this sucks.... Aaaaaand I miss april 
I don't like been the only one awake it makes me scared 
AUGH I have to be awake again in six hours. 
@thomas_garry @jeffjablansky If we're all going to be awake and procrastinating, can't we at least be together? 
Me &amp; C switched schedules  I'm trying to get some zzz's but I'm wide awake! *sigh*
ugh wide awake. 
i have to be awake in 4 hours 
Being a nightwalker sucks. The only person awake is dj siqriq 
awake far too early and not feeling well again 
Ugh...... It's too early for me to be awake but I have some running to do 
Laying here wide awake. This is probably my last night in the apartment 
awake too early for a sunday 
Guess nosy is awake.  LOL
Ugh awake an hour before I wanted to 
awake... had a really bad sleep..... so now im tired 
It's to early to be awake. 
fell asleep when i wanted to be awake  sigh. now i feel bad about it.
I soooooo don't want to be awake 
I really don;t need to be awake at 2:30 
totally sucks my girlfriends asleep and I am wide awake 
Previous tweet didn't work out so well, I crashed early and now I'm wide awake. whoooops 
Trying to stay awake; it's hard to keep your eyes open when you only got two hours of sleep... 
awake at 5am again. 
homee with brianne , just finished watching a scarry moviie XD and ofcourse brianne fell asleep and im the only one awake 
Going to have toast as belly is now in line with body - awake and hungry  not happy.
UGH, took a late nap and am awake 
mhmm it's one in the morningg &amp;&amp; i'm bored &amp;&amp; wide awake with nothingg to do. boo. 
awake again. this house is so quiet when it's empty, it makes me feel sad &amp; lonely 
It sucks to be awake. 
Not loving being awake rn do not want driving lesson 
Is still laying on heating pad, awake, and waiting until I can take more advil 
It's too early to be awake. 
awake already..... 
I'm all awake...why can't I just sleep some more? 
is tired as hell this morning but still wide awake 
I need to stop being awake at 3 am! 
Just finished the 430 feeding... I am exhausted, but baby is wide awake 
I want somebody else to be awake now 
I don't want to be awake right now or go to work tonight 
Its too early for me to b awake n a fri.!  
It is way to fuckin early to be awake. 
is in houston ...awake at 8:30 
tired  cant stay awake.
@peltypoo I wish I was so lucky... awake in 6 hours for me! 
I hate being awake when I want to sleep...  
I've been awake since 5am. I hate jetlag 
wide awake can't sleep  going to try again
05:57 and i am wide awake, my cold doesn't let me sleep whatsoever  
It's pretty late for me to be awake. Is that sad? I'm an old lady 
Thinking I should have skipped a nap today...wide awake 
I keep on falling asleep when I'm suppose to be awake. I miss my babyy.. 
@taylorswift13 ....... i'm wondering if you're as awake as i am. ? 
is way too sleepy to be awake 
is dreaming of the weekend... awake! 
is sleepless and tired 
I have the day off and still i cant have a lay in! been awake since 6!! 
I has to be awake in 3 hours.....and I'm tweeting.  boooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo.
Seriously?! Not cool, I'm wide awake now. Thanks 
@andrewseely its now 5:30 am and I'm wide awake b/c @mikeprasad is snoring like thunder 
officially does not feel good this morning, now that she's awake enough to know 
awake...now im hungry 
my baby is awake 
awake, didnt sleep so well. i dont know why 
i can't stay awake any longer 
murr... at least ur awake 
is home, alone  and wide ass awake!!
Unfortunately karl was awake when I got to his 
it's too early to be awake. 
awake, but i wish i was still sleeping, around the house. I miss you 
awake. I work at 5. I have so much to do around the house 
awake  sick tired
Morning. I'm way too tired to be awake.  and I'm sooo hungry.
awee great not feeling good at all  and on top of that im wide awake
@MarybethPoppins Apparently, the internet won't let me watch it until 10:45 and I can't stay awake that long 
@jackieeeb I KNOW! I'm wide awake now. I won't fall back asleep till probably 3 and ill be super tired when I'm supposed to be up 
awake, just got out of the shower. inschool today 
is wide awake since 5.30am.. 
awake but not quite awake. so very sore, i feel bout 90 yrs old  pets are snuggled in bed with me though so i am pretty happy.
Is wondering why she always ends up the last one awake? 
Weekend's taken it's toal on me .. can't stay awake! 
i would prefer to not even be awake. 
why is it tht dreams affect us so horribly win awake? why cant they stay n the sleeping mind instead of the waking 1 tormenting as well?! 
is so bored... and no1 is awake 
I still don't feel ready, but I can't stay awake any more.  
@kimmy2006 kimmy ! Why ru awake so early? I hurt and don't want to go to work 
*yawwwwn!* im awake 
@rememberthedays I'm sorry you can't sleep  I'm laying here wide awake wishing I could sleep too it sucks
awake. still sore  snuggling with maemae for a lil' before getting up.
It's too early to be awake 
is groggy. No more rain 
I can't stay awake much longer...must sleep...now if only I hadn't seen the spider on the ceiling while working out... 
I am wide awake!  this freaking sucks 
It's too early for me to be awake...I'm hungry and it's hot in my house... 
It's to early to be awake 
It's too early for me to be awake  
I am so tired this morning i can barely stay awake! 
wide awake at 8am 
wondering why he is awake when im asleep and why he sleeps when im awake  
wide awake, but need to sleep 
awake and about to schedule a chiropractic appt. for my bad back 
Bit annoyed O.o been really x 2 tired all day it's now 12:43 am an I'm wide awake 
I'm thinking I should get another one... But I have to be awake by 6! 
@melster_yo what movies did u watch? I'm wide awake 
Not really tired, but I need to stay awake another four hours. 
I feel asleep and then just woke up wide awake and can't go back to get sleep......To much on the mind 
its to early to be awake 
awake since 4am 
@bjessup im awake still too 
CANNOT believe she's awake.-.- and it's the weekend..! 
my body hates me. i slept for an hour and now i'm wide awake. 
@haeriepyo i'm the only one awake 
@the_bushman I really do, this is so sad  I'm wide awake.
I dont want to be awake, yet! 
is sleepless in exton 
It's too early to be awake. 
uhp &amp;; awake watchinq tvee . summah here &amp;; its not qoinq qood ! 
awake. finally. tired and sore from last night and my throat/voice is not the best. but it was more than worth it. i miss colt already 
awake @ 5am  trying to get some sleep
should go to sleep now, but im wide awake 
Wow I didn't know it was so late. I'm wide awake 
Argghhhhhh trying so hard to stay awake but my bed is calling me 
I'm off to bed soon..my eyes refuse to stay awake for  as long as my brain!! It causes problems 
trying sooo hard to stay awake.  exhaustion setting in but please, just one more episode...
It's 4am and I'm still wide awake it's not good 
my eyes are killing me but i want to stay awake! 
@morethnavrage  now I'm just bored + hella awake lol. What you up to?
WHY am I suddenly wide awake at 4:30am? 
doesn't want to be awake 
I don't feel awake and I'm awfully tired 
awake, and tired  house to myself, think ill play guitar
@yourbadhabit awww you aren't the only one awake  I hate being up this early on tne weekends.
@jmsandey haha.. im the only one awake  and have been since like 7:50
so sick of being awake when i should be sleeping then beong exhausted and wanting to sleep when i need to be awake. 
awake at 3:00 had about 2 hours sleep.... complete gayness 
doesn't want to be awake 
@iampobbery - I cant sleep and will probably be awake for sometime! 
Trying my best to stay awake but this comfy bed won't let me 
awake! soo early! 
It's 2:57am and I'm wide awake 
I'm wide awake when I don't have to be 
Teething @sofeeder has been awake most of the might.   She's lucky she's cute!
It is way to early to be awake 
I am still wide awake 
its 9:10 and im wide awake   wahh
awake too damn early again 
awake and upset because he didn't call me back 
its too early to be awake! 
im trying to keep awake!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! its painful 
its 8:53 i'm tired and about to go to bed. i feel old  but its too boring to stay awake.
chatting on icq.com...sleepless 
i can't sleep. i wish nick stayed awake 
08:10 is not a good time to be awake if you feel tired. I feel like death warmed up! 
awake! horrible sleep though 
Its 3 am and I am wide awake 
Morning all, I do not want to be awake this morning 
if god wanted me to be awake this early.... he wouldve made it bright outside 
awake. wishing someone would text me 
Its to early to be awake 
awake and bored 
It's 2.55am and I'm wide awake 
Goodmorning twitterbugs. It's way to early to be awake 
Struggling to stay awake and I plan on going another 11-12 hours. 
@ashleykristine yeah but I'll most likely still be awake! 
Being awake at 2 am coughing my brains out is NOT fun!!! 
has been awake most of the night with dental pain 
can't sleep. lying awake crying. i need you to come back &lt;3 
wide awake at 5 am 
@liskm1109 son doing some better but has been awake for past hour  no more of dh fainting-but I feel icky.
I should be asleep, but instead I am wide awake 
is wide awake and would luv to be able to go bakkkkk to sleep 
I don't really want to be an early riser (at least not this early) but I'm wide awake 
awake now. i hate that notion of waking up and looking for donnie, but he isn't there. 
awake..it's early. 
Why can't i go back to sleep right now? I'm not ready to be awake. 
Is wide awake, thanks dad... for waking me up at 8 on my day off 
Guess whether I want to be awake right now, zzzzz 
I cant stay awake 
still have no idea how to work this and trying to stay awake cos we have guests 
Is wide awake and not feeling good 
awake since 4.30  running at 6.15 ... so tired ...
It's 2:15am and I'm feeling wide awake 
Still up  wide awake. I'm seriously a vampire
Finally going to bed. I prob wont even be awake when i officially turn 15 @ 7:31 
I'm soooo wide awake right now! I don't want to go back to sleep cause I know I'll wake up tired! 
wtf am i doing awake.. again! this insomnia problem is pissing me off 
awake!  so earlly 
awake at 7 again!! 
awake again 
ugh I hate being the only one awake at my house 
it's 2am n i'm still wide awake!! y can't i ever sleep?? 
hallucinating... wide awake... had to take a sleeping pill 
i'm wide awake with nothing to do.  ugh!
@ImDarkSkin  I'm frustrated cause I'm soooo wde awake!
Ugh, awake and sick 
@MeriSielu: hei! if your awake you should text me, i cant sleep!  lol
alright, i'm forcing myself to lay down.  yet again, the only one left awake.
I don't want to be awake yet 
Its to f'ing early no 1 is awake but me! No I 2 talk 2.  
It's too early to be awake and I got up 3 1/2 hours ago!  I should never wake up before 8.  
wide awake since 4 
@erinthemusical i'm still wide awake 
It pretty much hurts to be awake right now 
awake. where is everybody? i should study for regents. but then again its a friday  o well.
It's way too early for me to be awake! 
is awake, but doesn't want to be awake at this early.  Why can't I simply sleep?!
I don't want to be awake 
everyone is away to bed and i'm still wide awake 
@hotsexybiscuits get you some! my ass is wide awake 
@wanderingcoyote i didn't feel awake until about day 5 
it is wayy to early to be awake but i am awake and getting ready for the off 
is wide awake and cant not even sleep!  im bored! i wish i could sleep!
awake already  work 8-1. kill me!
To early to be awake 
Its to early to be awake 
Its too early to be awake 
urg, been up for an hour already. What happened to being able to sleep in ? I don't like this being awake, I don't like this missing you 
it's too early to be awake 
awake. i feel so unproductive when i'm up this late 
I hate it when my days are turned upside down..  It's midnight and I'm wide awake..
@saarahe i would but she's awake now  lol
Wishing for blackout curtains...I've been awake for hours 
is seedy. wishing she hadnt had so many predrinks and been awake enough to go out 
I hate nights like this...not ready to go to sleep but nobody is awake to talk to you  resort to counting shoes!
Too sick to stay awake anymore. 
awake way too early can't sleep 
tired eyes but my brain's awake. have to clean the house 
i've totally exhausted myself! no sleep for god knows how many nights and its finally hit me, sick and headache and can barely stay awake 
so yeah i'm wide awake...never went to bed... 
It is too early to be awake 
Why am i never allowed to be awake anymore 
@iSUCK im sleepy  but my moneys on me switching the lapotop of and being awake for years 
Trying to stay awake at work!!!!! But my eyes soooo want to close   HEELLLLPPP!!!
i slept for an hour and now i'm wide awake despite being tired as hell... my sleeping is all wacky today 
The blueness never took a backseat  I REALLY need a break from thinking, doing, just being awake in general.
@BoozeyQ im awake..it still hurts 
's daughter is too sick to be awake and too sick to sleep... 
Is any one awake still im lonely 
I want to go to sleep  but am wide awake! 
It too early to be awake 
am  i the only one awake in twitterville?? 
awake... can't sleep... I hate being alone at night... 
@irrationallogic Soon I'll have to sing to stay awake and my roommate really won't appreciate that. 
Is pretty much sick of re-occuring nightmares.  been awake on and off all night.
What is wrong with me...I can hardly stay awake... 
struggling to stay awake.. don't know why...? 
I'd rather stay awake, and stop dreamin...   
haha, jeffree star's comment to me didnt make since but i still luv him. i am like wide awake and freezing! listening to lady gaga 
Morning - how nice to see everyone is awake and chirp - it helps 
is still wide awake 
I need to be sleeping right now but once again I'm sitll awake 
2:37 AM &amp; wide awake. 
@niftymuffin it's 7:20, lol. It's better than being forced awake.  i have time to do whatever!
12:30 am and i'm wide awake!  
I don't want to be awake right now 
@mschoening I didn't attend any lecture this year. I just can't stay awake and focused. 
@VincentHranica I'm still half awake and buzz! 
@emalea noooo! i'm wide awake  waiting for jonny boy
awake. the whole bright eyed/bushy tailed bit isn't working out though. shower and caffeine got me at least coherent. 
Only one awake in my house -- I could get used to this. 
awake, headed to 15ish minutes off to bamboozle :]  @xjuuliaa i most def will 
sleeping... I have to be awake in 4 hours  yesss!
@officialtila im awake babess  x0x0
I can't stay awake any longer, have fun y'all be backk laters!! 
I think people need to be awake right now. So they can talk with me. ... Just sayin. 
Still wide awake... fortunately I don't have to be up early. 
@vic2slic doing pretty well, up and wide awake 
awake from the nap 
awake and ready to learn a little more 
awake and going to buy my mom a present before she wakes up 
i cant go to sleep! im so awake 
@rosekittyellie stay awake and be a vampire with us 
@Romancexisxdead woo   so will u be awake round 7:30 :p or do i have to wake u up lol, i dont even know how to get there
I can not stay awake! I'm off to bed all! 
@christyku More of an insomniac tonight since I had a long nap earlier today, so wide awake now. 
here, a little awake, and surprisingly not hungover 
@dmentedboy  thank  you. But damnit I'm wide awake
awake ! should be asleep but  cant prom was fun could been better 
@TomFelton aww I hate that..that's not really sleeping..If your mind is awake you're half awake lol..but I'm doing pretty good 
@agneshhh I'll try to lie on bed for 30mins and stay awake! Its so hard! (For me)  
Haha, i just took a 45 minute long shower and no one was awake to kick me out. I like insomnia sometimes. 
@she_shines92 Lol it's okay, your awake now 
@DomenicY i work evenings usually, so i never have to be awake before noon, and therefore am awake late for no real reason! 
