Most common words for this cluster:
[('awards', 260), ('mtv', 166), ('movie', 130), ('nom', 36), ('award', 34), ('cmt', 19), ('oscar', 18), ('tonys', 15), ('watch', 14), ('time', 14), ('na', 13), ('night', 12)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'awards', 0.742442786693573), (u'Van_Provies_nightly', 0.6851211786270142), (u'mtv', 0.6781103610992432), (u'grammys', 0.668704628944397), (u'oscars', 0.668060839176178), (u"Mo'Nique_Waltz", 0.6654590368270874), (u'beautiful_flambe_dessert', 0.6614041924476624), (u'renamed_Pell_Grants', 0.6570292711257935), (u'Choice_Hottie', 0.6564342975616455), (u'oscar', 0.6526061296463013)]





just watched digital spy awards, diana vickers could have won one 
@ginoboi  i wasn't able to go to glorietta  is it a nice movie tho? Oscar-win worthy?
@xJulianGray sad but completly true... I hate the new mtv. 
@Sally_E i think nominations have now closed 
@dodo_iscool   but still we started the holidays earlier   ugh.... did u watch the astra awards was it even on
@meny01 No he has been nominated for Oscars but never won.. 
hollyoaks were robbed at the soap awards. they should have won something grrr. how did doctors win and they didnt 
@punkerr birds love u too! my sis saw kenny @ the wa music awards party on sat but didn't ask him to dance for her 
@jamielomas I cant believe your not going to be in hollyoaks anymore  and they were robbed at the soap awards !!!!
Re award: Think IT equivalent of Oscars, Baftas, or perhaps the Golden Raspberries. Award ceremony was in Beijing. I didn't get to go. 
Disapointed with the soap awards last night, I have to say!!! 
I wish i signed for the radio awards 
had a lovely day with family. they took Oscar home.  little squishy furball. dont think the roast potatoes were good for him....!!!! eek.
@jolliehaybowes You looked really pretty at soap awards! And your scene was only one tht made everyone laugh! You should have won   x
@aliaroxic its emmy melati 
Award ceremonies are long! 
@dovwaterman I'm not a BAFTA member so clearly not  So off to the local cinema for me then!
@laylakayleigh i miss music on mtv! 
I want noms 
@RobPattzNews DIE!  gosh.... i will die 'til movie awards
anyone have tickets to the mtv movie awards? some guy scammed me 
everyone vote for @mileycyrus for the mtv movie awards coz my comp is mashed up and wont let me vote!  i will somehow!!!!!!
@ashleytisdale: cool that you liked germany and the awards! i saw you on TV cause i couldn't come to the comet and see you live  xoxo
Pissed i wont be attending the mtv movie awards on sunday 
im very excited for mtv movie awards but i guess i can't watch it.because i live in turkey.  i'll find it.
@ProvehitoInLyca we do deserve awards! my shoulders hurt  #marsiscoming #marsiscoming #marsiscoming #marsiscoming #marsiscoming
@blingylixious im not sure if i will watch the awards because here it will be late at night when they start..  i really want to watch them
@OscarTheCat OH no! We are so very sorry to hear of Oscar leaving us~ Purrrrsss and so very *sad! Oscar my first special friend on here~ 
@frugaldougal He was first with me too frugal! so sad and so many tears for dear Oscar! 
just already saw the mtv movie awards adv @ global tv.But it didn't tell the date and time. 
@Wildboutbirds I'm so sorry about Oscar 
plllleeeasseee vote for me for the mtv movie awards! omgosh i am a nervous wreck  ahhh i need @mandyyjirouxx time
plllleeeasseee vote for me for the mtv movie awards! omgosh i am a nervous wreck  ahhh i need @mandyyjirouxx time
plllleeeasseee vote for me for the mtv movie awards! omgosh i am a nervous wreck 
i wanna see the mtv movie awards too tonight 
@jools_dk me 2 jools. wish i had mtv 
excited for mtv movieeeee awards ! v. tired from antics last night though 
plllleeeasseee vote for me for the mtv movie awards! omgosh i am a nervous wreck  ahhh i need mandyy jirouxx time
damn i cant watch the mtv movie awards tonight cause i have school tomorrow 
@joycerox what time is mtv awards on and which channle, i cant find it 
i want to see the mtv movie awards tonight!!! 
So bummed that i can only watch the mtv movie awards on the 7th june here in south africa  y are we sooo behind!?!?
i'm officially sick again  ahhh off to sleep now. mtv movie awards later so excited! (:
really don't want to work till 10 tonight!  going to miss the movie awards haha
MTV Movie Awards tonight eep can't watch ...have to study 
@MCHammer why is it on the same day as mtv movie awards,they should had it in la around the awards 
oh I cant see the mtv movie awards until tuesday  when mtv brodcasted the show 
oh I cant see the mtv movie awards until tuesday  when mtv brodcasted the show here in latinamerica 
there is no new daisy of love episode tonight because of the mtv movie awards 
mtv movie awards tonight yeyeyey! well tommorow for the uk 
what! u have 2 sign up 2 vote 4 mtv awards  ill have 2 do it cuz ill be votin 4 twilight and @mileycyrus 
omg why couldnt i be a seat filler at the mtv movie awards 
oooh...mtv movie awards tomoz  cant wait but really cant watch as i need 2 revise. 
I want to watch mtv awards but its to late/early and i dont have the channel 
wish the mtv awards was on tonight 
&amp; I can't watch the mtv awards  because it's 3 am when they start here... I will fall asleep...  it sucks
i want to watch mtv awards  lol where can i find all the coverage?
i don't know why, but i love award shows.mtv awards tonight. i wanna vote but the websites not letting me 
soooooo wish i had sky, then i could watch the mtv movie awards 
i'm really sad!!! I can't watch the music awards!!! why????!!! it sucks!! 
@tommcfly what channel is mtv awards on?:O i cant find it anywhere  xxx
how do i vote on mtv awards? 
i think i can't watch the mtv movie awards...  but i'll try it and  go twilight (;
uber upset...workin from 5 to 10:30 which means no mtv movie awards for me tonight 
@nickwiz this is the silly part. I want my tv. the mtv movie awards are tonight 
mtv music awards - live streaming it at 3am but i'm gonna miss it 
I forgot to set the movie awards on my dvr and I'm at work. Now I'm mad. 
i might not be able 2g2 watch mtv awards...nor do i no wen its on....booooo! 
counting down the hours until the mtv movie awards; wondering if my dad will let me go to ccyc; ive never been to camp before 
sad, im going to miss the mtv movie awards 
all the bad tippers at in my section today  time for target, tanning, homework, then the hillls finale and mtv movie awards!
@TimDisaster can I still get mah trophies without the net?! ;( 
I wish I could watch the awards.. But I wasn't invited, 
Friends are going to Movie Awards! and my mum is going to a concert! and I go home  thishh sucks balls. haha
I cant see the mtv awards 
im annoyed i so badly wanted to watch the mtv movie awards live 
i wish i could meet @mileycyrus or at least talk to her  vote for miley at the mtv awards!!!!!!!
sunburn hurts!  mtv movie awards tomorrow!! xD
looks like i dont get to watch the mtv movie awards  oh welll
@JoobiousPip being previewed at the mtv movie awards tonight! i wont see it till tomorrow cos of the time difference 
My uncle is moving in.... woohoo  but i'm excited for the mtv movie awards on tonight! yay
wants to watch the mtv movie awards, but is sure she won't have time to... 
I wanna live blog the mtv movie awards but don't know how to...  #newbie
@LilMissAshley21 aw im sorry  lol so cant wait for the awards tonight. idk why i get so excited for award shows. hope for jandytimsamlake
@mileycyrus good luck at the movie awards!! wanna see it, but it's at 3 am  youuu will win!! YAAAAY D
really want to watch the mtv movie awards 
aww man, the movie awards are on tonight and I gotta work 
i missed the hills but the mtv movie awards are on tv tomoro night so yay !! eventho i wonnt see it  cuz im guna be away 4 threeweeks.. 
wanna watch the mtv movie awards!! 
im missing the mtv movie awards tonight  hopefully brandi (lucky bitch) will record it for me
getting ready to watch mtv movie awards.... 2 hours to go... 
why do i have to live in south america?? SHITT the mtv movie awards here are on thursdayyy 
wish i cud go to the mtv awards 
i wanna watch the mtv awards 
I hate mtv. why am i watching awards and pre show? oh,because my favorite band is a sell out 
damn I miss the school's cable, would be watching the movie awards already 
@ the mtv movie awards but i don't pay for a publisist so im not on the carpet 
is it that bad that i dvr-ed mtv movie awards only to see the trailer for new moon...i'm a loser 
Wishing i could watch the mtv movie awards 
I'm ready to chill and watch the movie awards tonight. I need a pick me up- but we have no coffee. 
@TimothyH2O i guess youre not missing much if you dont have cable lol. so no live recapping of mtv movie awards w/ me tonight 
I'm always so tierd  im going to bed. recording the mtv awards.
Awwww the awards are 2nite!! 
wishing i had cable so i could watch the mtv awards 
Watching the hills finale   then the mtv movie awards shower &amp; bed.
I wish i was at the mtv Awards. 
Watching the hills finale  then the mtv movie awards shower bed &amp; school, its going to be a long night.
Attemping to watch the mtv movie awards but i have noidea when there on or watch channel  LOL
Wishing I lived in cali  could have gone to movie awards
the hills  season finale / mtv movie awards!
i can't make it 2 see the mtv movie awards!!  soo im goin to see it at 11:00p.m. :S
uqh! all mtv movie awards live on internet are slow!  qrrr
Watching the hills  then the movie awards!!!
i want to se the mtv awards booh yaaa! 
watchin the finale of hills  then gonna watch the mtv music awards
I want to watch mtv movie awards 
MTV movie awards tonight! and I wish @missmandakayyyy 's life would get easier for her! and @elle_oh_elle_ 's . 
mtv awards!!! x)* ooo i'm totally sad!! i'm going to play my guitar!! 
wishing i can watch mtv movie awards... 
wish i could watch the dang myv movie awards 
damn am i the only one in the world who cant see the mtv movie awards but want too 
@ home by myself buzzed  movie awards are on...blah
@LauraHeartx3 omg i think rob brought this girl that he met in  Cannes to the Movie Awards 
so sad @mileycyrus  never got that first award 
@mj_ella wish i could watch the mtv awards but i don't have mtv at my house 
the mtv movie awards are on and i can't watch them cause my dads to cheap to get cable 
@mileycyrus should have won that award. dang it! 
@ddlovato you're not at the mtv movie awards? 
MTV movie awards!! miley didn't win  
miley didnt win the first award she was in 
@ddlovato why arent you at the mtv movie awards? i was looking forward to see you n tv 
@mtvcanada i think amanda seyfried should have won break out female award 
mtv awards  no tv 
watchin the mtv awards! sad the hills is over for now... 
i wish i was watching the mtv movie awards right now 
it bugs me so much getting all these tweets from start at the mtv awards that are tonight.. i wanna be there! 
@ddlovato why you dont go to the mtv movie awards? you cant go  ?
The Movie Awards are lame thus far. 
mad cause i cant see the awards on tv 
gahh! i hate that my foxtel isnt working! now i cant watch mtv movie awards today 
would love to watch the mtv movie awards but i can't cause my tv is stupid !!! 
MTV Movie Awards with @jessgoon. Its our last night in our apt together. Saying goodbye to a little bit of history. 
movie awards! and hw 
@Breradosunrise im not watching the awards 
and of cous=rse robert pattinson won best breakthrough performance male on the mtv movie awards 
i hope the movie awards gets more entertaining...   
watchin the movie awards! twilight has won 2! yay rob. thought i was gonna hang out with a cute boy but he never wrote me  *:..trouble..:*
Watching the mtv movie awards. Then im going to attempt sleep. I have to get up at 6am tomorrow and work 8-4 
watching the mtv awards wishing i was there 
I just won a giveaway but got bullshitted out of the prize 
omg hp scene on the awards. idk why i keep on tweeting about the awards. 
where can i watch mtv movie awards live on the interneeet ? cant find it! 
mtv movie awards, school in the morning 
@Liziegirl zac efron was there tooo oh no I'm missing the awards 
#MTV Movie Awards borat nigga made eminem leave.. holy shiiittt lmfao 69'd his ass! lmao 
please no more awards for twilight 
@J12thomasw wat channel u watchin? Where u at? I wana c the awards but they not on yet 
wishing going to the mtv movie awards 
the mtv awards are ridiculous... i'm turning them off .. two thumbs down  
lainey seriously make me so jealous, i want watch mtv movie awards right now too..  
Oh no, I'm really sleepy.. I don't want to miss the mtv movie awards.. 
this bit on the mtv awards isn't very funny 
watching the mtv awards with an icepack on my face. not.fun. 
have to wait until june 4 to see mtv award cause here in panama didnt transmited tonightt 
mtv movie awards and lauren's last episode on the hills 
@loonymoonydoll I swear this is worse than the teen choice awards 
vmas  how could this hotel not have mtv!
i don't have cable.  no mtv awards for this tweeter!
i have to record the rest of the mtv movie awards 
mtv movie awards....its funny but no bueno eminem 
so bummed that im missing the movie awards  stupid satellite company.
wish i could watch the mtv movie awards so i could see the new moon trailer 
i missed taylor lautner shirtless on the mtv awards. 
mtv movie awards! zac efron looks scrubby as a mofo! 
My mom just came in and hoed me. &quot;You act like you're really at the awards&quot; 
MTV awards are not on in my area 
blah i don't feel like watchin the mtv movie awards right now 
i cant see the mtv movie awards 
30 minutes until the mtv movie awards end 
My friend said Oscar the penguin looks moldy 
whooooo hooooo new moon loooks fantastic! and good job crazy obsessed fans!!! mtv movie awards rocked! sorry emenim  that totally sucked!
just finished watching the mtv movie awards...  but.. I really do hope my cuzzins ok 
missing the mtv awards.. wish i had foxtel 
there's a twitter awards?!?!?! i wanna win an award  .... ugh! 6 days till birthday.....june 7 
what happen 2 emeniem in the mtv awards  not kwel,dude
@jootrinh i hella missed the mtv awards  but the reruns on!
ahhh stupid dvd player thing..now im missin mtv awards 
laying in bed kicking myself in the bum . how could I forget about the mtv movie awards  I should have dvred it 
went skating and got to watch the game there, but missed the mtv movie awards. 
sad because i got an invite to the mtv video awards and couldnt go 
damn i missed the mtv movie awards 
I missed the mtv movie awards 
not good, im sick  mtv movie awards cheering me up tho
So the mtv movie awards got taken over by 10yr olds  suckkkks.
i really hated the mtv music awards ouugh 
yaaaaaaaaaay repeat of the 2009 mtv movie awards in half an hour. i missed them before due to singing. 
revision..  dam the mtv awards...twilight awards ! woop
On the bus to library to revise, i want to go home and watch all the mtv award stuff 
So upset  - just finished watching movie awards on dvr - bed time - grrr
it sucks bein in uk sumtimes i hav 2 wait til 2nite 2 watch mtv movie awards 
Oh, I'm catching up on my anipals - only just saw @oscarthecat died  I'll miss you oscar. So sad.
i missed the mtv movie awards!  what did i miss?
It's so sunny yay going to get muireanns pressie today its too warm to be in a shopping centre though  mtv movie awards tonight  xx
@megcabot They are repeating the movie awards tonight @ 8pm.  I'm sure it'll be on a few times after that too - I forgot about them too. 
i missed the mtv awards   thats sad.....
-Feels bad because she kept Oscar up all night- 
@TwilightMom127 nope, can't find any video of kstew dropping her awards  damn infringement!
i wosh i woulda seen the eminem clip from the movie awards lass nite 
twilight domination at the mtv movie awards.. 
i wish i could've watched the mtv awards, everyone is talking about.  fuck me for not owning cable at my mom's.
i honestly cant believe i didnt watch the mtv movie awards AND that i wont 
workk  hope its not busy! i want to stay in and watch the mtv movie awards!! 
MTV movie awards last night were awesome. I want to go to an award show  updating 365 in 5!
Is mildly offended that I didn't get invited to this Webby shindig. 
the mtv movie awards was terrible 
i didn't watch the mtv movie awards  I'm really sad !!!!!!
@InnocntBystnder i missed the mtv awards 
@liamyoung But i want a prize!! 
@thescript. R on mtv hits  miss them
plllleeeasseee vote for me for the mtv movie awards! omgosh i am a nervous wreck  ahhh i need @mandyyjirouxx time
@schzimmydeanie @yelyahwilliams @itstayloryall YOU deserved that mtv award handsdown! I guess pop will always win, i tried to vote often 
I missed the mtv movie awards and the hills.... 
last night i missed a part of the mtv movie awards at the end 
hmmmm soooo bored   wish i could be at home and watch the mtv movie awards 
gets the munchies when she's bored.  HUNGRAY! nom nom nom...
@BradtheGleek lol! That would be me, too. It's even worse when you're at an awards show and signal gets lost = no more tweeting  dammit
waiting for my pizzaaaaa and twilight has won every single award at mtv video awards  and eminems performance bombed
 didn't get an award but i did get recognized by all the seniors. They said that they are going to watch the plays because of me 
I hope everyone enjoys the A4U Awards this evening - really sad not to be there 
i think on grammy awards @mileycyrus wore blck gown which looked great and ubfortunatly on red carpet i think she was on the bad dressed 
the sun is going  must be time to enter an award then! CIPRLPS Excellence Awards. get more info from http://bit.ly/Hj3y8
@WhedonTrivia why can't everyone have a prize? 
i'm not feeling great again.  finally watching the mtv movie awards even though i should be sleeping. story of my life!
's fish tank got all cloudy overnight!    I don't think my Oscar is doing well.  Any suggestions on why?
plllleeeasseee vote for me for the mtv movie awards! omgosh i am a nervous wreck  ahhh i need @mandyyjirouxx time
So, we're NOT going to the Emmys.     WACK!
I got an award, but my parents don't give a shit. 
I won a prize at #ttix!   I didn't pick the $200 camtasia studio package 
Trying to get downtown to see @neilhimself get an award, but instead I'm stuck in public transportation hell 
I keep remembering that i dropped the mtv movie award 
@tonyhawk i wanna go to the transworld awards with yoouuu 
@butterstulle i cant goooo.i have an awards thing to go to here.i wont be in germany then  you guys have it @ the forumtreffen. &amp; send pix
@TheTonyAwards boo. Not everyone gets to watch it live  #Tonys
Also, I have rehearsal tomorrow during the Tonys.  (mom's recording them, though, phew!)
is wishing he had a dvr or something to record the Tonys tonight. 
Just dropped off Oscar at work 
Is going to miss watching some of the Tonys tonight 
@gretchasketch22 How did I not know you were going to the Tonys?!?!  And why is twitter still being dumb about sending me your updates? 
I really want 2 watch the TONY Awards. Unfortunately I won't b able 2  does anybody know if u can watch them live on ur blackberry?
I have nowhere to watch the Tonys tonight 
@tempglitter the Tonys are on.  Where are you? 
is sad i fell asleep and missed something...  but now im watchin the tony awards!!!
watching the tony Awards, work soon 
@a2karen I don't have cable, and it doesn't look like the Tonys are being broadcasted online. 
In mn wishing at I was at the Tonys like I was supposed to be 
@TorrenceG I'm missing the Tonys right now  gotta keeep me updated!
Oh no! i'm missing the Tonys! 
umm... she is so clearly lip sinking this ....disappointed  #Tonys
doesn't have a TV and really wants to be watching the Tonys... 
@LetterM @NosiMad I'm sad. I missed most of the Tonys, and I really don't think it's worth watching at this point. 
@exiva not fair. I want noms too. I hunger.  
@aseidel the jersey boys one? i love that musical! ah haha I wish the awards didn't end 
i didn't get to watch the whole awards show. 
I. Missed. the. Tonys. 
done wouth cma fest 
@2nihon It was a prize and we both lost 
I should be awarded noooooob of d century award!!  
why does it keep saying i cant vote for teen choice awards? 
everyone please vote for @selenagomez for teen choice awards red carpet fashion icon! she deserved best actress too 
stupid teen choice awards thing isn't letting me register! urrgg! 
What the frickin frack?! I'm too old to vote for the teen choice awards..no seriously it won't let me  *runs off to lie about age*
@fireriven om nom nom. I want some 
i don't think i've ever voted for an award that was this hard. wow! i'm stuck 
I wanna go to the bet awards... 
Wanting to be asleep yet not wanting to. I'm bummed I can't see the CMT Awards tomorrow with my basic cable  I must-no-I WILL find a way
i feel bummed that @falloutboy isn`t nominated at the teenchoice awards. ( and @petewentz isn`t nominated  aw.
i'm getting braces in 1 hour. ughh!   on the upside, miley is nominated for 10 teen choice awards! vote now! go! go! go! go! go! go!
@wizbiff 3 is only 300? boo, we suck then. we had 3 bins. no sexy librarian award for us 
just realized i don't have cmt to watch the cmt awards tonight... hmm  missing t.swift 
just learned the crazy funky junky hat dance. AND the hoedown throwdown. yeah, I'm cool.  CMT Awards tonight!!! french final tomorrow. 
wishing i was home tonight watching the awards instead of working 
awards in an hour. i cant go  and it sucks. cuz i want to really bad.
I cant believe im missing the cmt music awards... 
watching the cmt awards on tv is just not the same.... i wish i was actually there like last year 
Wishing I was at the cmt awards 
i'm supposed to be at the cmt awards 
I voted for Julianne hough for breakthrough video of the year on #CMT Awards. But she didnt win 
i want to see cmt music awards 
i want to see cmt music awards  [2]
I suck at studying. Im watching the CMT Awards instead 
cant watch the cmt music awards 
All these tweets about the CMT Awards would be great if I was actually getting to watch them 
is watching the cmt awards and wishing kenny was there 
watching cmt awards!!! sad kenny chesney isnt on it!!! 
i really shouldnt read twitter during award shows that have already aired on the east coast!  oh well still like watching the performances
missing the cmt awards.  siiiigh.
Studying for my science quiz tomorrow. Its pretty easy. And at the same time sad becuase the CMT Awards all almost at its end. 
@melbritt_xo what does 'nom nom nom' mean? 
It didnt all of da awards.  
@danalar i know!  what awards have you wonn?
@munrue Big surprise there! EYB played on the CMT Awards last night, &amp; I wanted to see it. Unfortunately I didn't know what time! 
Watching CMT Awards........again, since the power went out last night 
@ShogunDarius But theres no trophies. 
I think @biggiesu wins the #mostpatientpersonintheworld award. 
@HerFection I came last night and kicked it with Oscar for a second, I didn't see you! 
soooo wish i lived closer to london so i could go to kerrang awards! 
is not at the broadcast awards 
@katyperry she got my vote even though they don't show the awards over here  you go k.p!
@BenVereen my grammy and dad has it 
malkin has a date to the nhl awards and it's unfortunately not me 
NHL Awards were a big let down 
@pancheros Nursing a headache.  I'm up for some contests though! Prizes, w00t!
@rainnwilson i don't fit in any of those categories   can you add an 'other'?
@andrewsayer darwin award - even my youngest knows not to muck around like that 
@letmypridebe i still want my prize. 
@Jonasbrothers i heard that u can only see the much music awards in canada.... 
I HATE this feeling of guilt i have when i haven't done enough work in the day. I have it tonight...   I LOVE Oscar, my gay pet fish.
I wish I got to watch the much music award with jonas brothers hosting it!  but it's alright
awards night was fun! but a little disapointing. they changed it up a lil. 
That's it! I'm eating my phone!!!!!!!!!!! Aaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh nom nom nom. 
I hate arguing with Oscar  and I hate trying to sleep without him ewwww!! I hope things get better, goodnight 
@AdamBuxton1 yayy. You guys are up for 4 sony awards.  *does small dance*
@garry1bowie No, just one shortly before the soap awards judging starts.... 
mmmmmmmm, whoever invented starbucks should win an award 
Loves pringles are on better than half price @tesco  nom nom nom
So good to see Oscar Pereiro back fit and leading the peloton 
@officialTila What award would u like to receive? Grammy, Oscar, etc  And the 2nd one Would u like 2 be a guy 4 a 1 day? Why yes? Why not?
@christay0102 ha ha I am still in bed playing with Oscar 
@Maudey26 want to swap? I'll come an do student awards judging? Actually scrap that, I'd rather do this! 
watching an aussie fashion awards show~ they have some amazing features and designs 
the australian fashion design awards r on 
I love miss laurel, she gave me a mug award. 
hehe i likes my profile pic.  me and my fave teddy. &lt;3 watching the logies red carpet... man they crap on...just get to the awards.
@melissahoyer Wow, yes you deserve an award 
@munchkinhugs om nom nom !! 
@andyclemmenson true that. or rove shoulda won  even though he won 2 other awards 
@gryffindorgal87 Especially when the slice is bigger than your face    nom nom nom
@sugahplume glad you liked the nom nom song.  my base is $30. sometimes $20. hehe. i'm itching to play but no one is free!
@catephoenix I'm thinking you deserve an award. A big shiny one. 
from last Montday's award ceremony  http://twitpic.com/4jkvl
currently munching on baby carrots! nom nom nom nom... 
@christinerose Congratulations on winning the Indie Award 
making german apple slice  nom nom nom
I'm really happy about the awards I won tonight! 
MTV movie awards voting click here.. http://www.mtv.com/ontv/movieawards/2009/categories.jhtml and vote for robert pattinson!! 
Is eating a chip sandwhich for breakfast  nom nom nom
I just frikken won another Emmy Award!!!! Status: my head hurts. But smiling. 
@brucehoult 87 and the worst Oscar outfit ever from Cher 
thanking my blogger-friend Crisiboy for giving me another award..not just  1...but 2 tag awards..thanks man 
@Jedimom13 I used to live right by there  nom nom nom
@jolliehaybowes You looked really pretty at soap awards! And your scene was only one tht made everyone laugh! You should have won   x
I think I might have to after some nom noms 
@garymurning am I too late? and what's the prize?? lol 
eating a subway cookie........and drinking a pineapple cruiser........nom nom nom 
@failedidealist I'll consider that an accolade 
voting got the mtv movie awards -  just voted for anna faris as the best comedic performance 
voting for the mtv movie awards! 
