Most common words for this cluster:
[('baby', 1269), ('babies', 140), ('sick', 78), ('girl', 68), ('poor', 67), ('today', 53), ('boy', 44), ('lol', 40), ('home', 40), ('com', 39), ('amp', 37), ('http', 37)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'baby', 0.9222412705421448), (u'babies', 0.7704212069511414), (u'newborn', 0.7589249014854431), (u'Asome_news', 0.7535199522972107), (u'Rebecca_Bresnik_meanwhile', 0.7417517900466919), (u'newborn_baby', 0.7128660678863525), (u'Milan_Hayat_Stapp', 0.7066341638565063), (u'Northridge_Moschella', 0.6993643641471863), (u'infant', 0.6956667304039001), (u'toddler', 0.6851255297660828)]





Seating here helping my baby with his papers...well he is forcing me too seat with him  im sleepy
just got up and nappy very wet and split at the back  going for a nice baby bath and then back in nappies i go
i better be allowed to go to sway sway baby concert or i'll seriously cry 
tired cant sleep baby feeding at 3:30 
I'm pretty sure I have a small cold...ugh baby germs 
My baby turns 9 yo today! I'm feeling a little old! 
giving the baby crackers and gingerale, he's sick 
missing my baby.. waiting for 2morrow to get her already.. 
here at the house..jus came from the hemotologist.gabbers is good..now focus on kilo..pray for my baby boy 
baby, it makes me feel sick looking at those buzzing bees........................ 
My son has milia...baby proactive anyone? 
I have a sick puppy baby 
Selling the baby stuff makes me feel a little sad 
my hurley baby got shots 
watching tv with my mom. baby jack has kennel cough. 
I smell like a baby prostitute!  ugh
So turns out the 2nd gift I bought my roommate already got that too  but the baby outfits I also bought were a hit!
My poor baby has been in the hospital for a week. I can't wait til he gets better. 
the new Wurditude.com is almost up and running, just a few minor glitches, like the site eats kittens ..those poor poor baby kittens 
@mauibaby10 I'm driving the x5, cuz my baby was blocked by 2 other cars 
have a poor sick girl.    luckily she's already passed out.  hopefully she sleeps through the night.  she needs it, my poor baby.
@angelinhell19 stop trying to steal babies.  i have to get up at 6 
Needs 2 be with her baby ...... 
home with my sick baby girl... even at 12 yrs old you still hate for them to go through it 
I miss my baby so mucho. Uuhhh i need to see him  what's wrong with skype siihh!!!!
My baby is sick! This makes me sad.  http://twitpic.com/3l28h
i miss the babies.  
just gotup. there was nuddin wrong wit da baby she has colic 
only me and the twins left..except both of them are going out. so just me in the house with the puppy 
@baby2009 So sorry to hear that 
church, baby shower, then taking chris to the airport 
i really cldve slept for much longer... flippin newborns 
@CaryRivas am i still ur little baby???  hahaha.
Just woke up, missin my baby 
Also, found a  robins nest in an old golf bag in the garage, really sweet but unfortunately it feel over and the baby eggs cracked 
@Jeryke poor vomit covered baby 
has jus got up with the baby and made her brekki. why do kids get up soooo early 
trying to find a home for the new babies since they are terrorizing the original babies 
my baby girl had her immunisations today, she's not happy 
Really sad that to have a baby with medical assistance is really expensive and it's kinda criminal the prices they charge 
Watching my baby boy he has a super bad cough, waiting for the doc to open @ 9 am.   
There goes having the whole row to myself. Four hours with a whiny baby shall commence soon. 
is soo excited i have my baby neece all week  yipppeeee! off to the docters to talk about my whiplash  ouchy
my baby boy is sick...i feel so bad for him and wish i could take it all away 
waiting for the baby to go to sleep. Appears to be teething. 
this pregnancy sucks 
false alarm wiv my sisters baby  wish it would hurry up and come lol
baby kitty died   crappy day .x
I cant believe i lost my baby  aka my ipod
@Brandysandiego  oh baby cakes life is so much better now, don't be mopey 
@scooprandell oh baby, I cannot. I just cannot talk out loud, it's a very horrible problem I have, serious. 
trying to put one of my pom babies on craigslist to be adopted but i keep getting flagged! 
@letmesign I'm so sad that one of the twins died. And tonks 
uh still sick! but not as bad!!! yay! too bad my baby bird is now sick  I need to call a vet
Oh my baby. I hate when my angels are sick  
@tommcfly how are babies made tom? my mum won't tell me 
my baby girl is sick 
@shondarhimes aah thank you so much for not giving us a rose baby!!! want Merder to be happy! but totally lame for other viewers i guess 
My baby @MissMina310 needs to go and relax...she works toooooo hard!  feel better!
giving away the baby robo hamsters, its so sad  but they are going to good homes so its ok.
I'm in sac state solving sudoku puzzles, listening to silvio, and crying like baby cause i miss south america 
@ the house with tha kids, baby boy dislocated his elbow... 
missing my baby  god I love you so much brady
@heidimontag Going to my cusins baby shower... just for a little bit because i'm sick .... 
4 More days and my baby girl leaves home 
I want a baby...  I know, I know, whiny little brats, but the joy would be immense.
Another sick baby.  
My baby girl is sick n its breaking my heart!!! 
baby i'm lost cause...  
Quackers the baby duck didnt live through the night.  It was so tiny we were afraid this would happen.
i miss my baby katie 
body hurtin... wishin my baby was still here to take care of me 
waitin on tammy so we can do this work...missing my baby already 
I just finished putting my baby's crib together I'm beat 
Worrying myself sick googling reasons for throwing up in toddlers. This is the first time my baby has been sick. 
@deadstockric hahaha i got a baby daddy now lol .. i'm good bored 
oh no! my baby have a feveR!! i hope it dont get any worst 
I miss my baby even more now since we so far away frm each other 
mo has an upper respitory infection. poor baby 
home, trying to unwind, my baby girl had her first prom  I missed it, daddy took great pictures! glad to be home, got my puppies too!!!
@krystalhampton  hate it when that happens..how are the babies?
my little one is not feeling so well, she's teething  awww. i feel so bad, i just held my baby til she went to sleep
@lovelamps Had a scan, baby has no heartbeat 
Sitting here with my almost 3 yr old son. He still feels like a squishy soft baby but I know he won't for much longer. 
baby sitter boned out, so no party for us 
@quints21 aww why not u don't wanna be twins 
taking care of my baby who just got stiches  love you honey!!
i hate to see babies cry 
so sleepy! work was forever long  i miss my baby so much!
i miss my baby  ... the rink was f u n too =] but missin my shortness ..he's perfect=]
Waking someone up to tell them they've been root compromised is like telling a mother her baby died 
@lilmssmiley both of us were crying like babies 
@ shoediva80 we are SO twins. 
i so want to go to the sway sway baby clip but i dont think my mummy will let me 
@soaps3 NO not early at all, I think she said 2:10 or something like that, poor baby. I am a bad mommy 
Not feelin so well today, missin my baby girl  still laughin at role models tho lol
somebody else is walking out with the last of our baby kittens....  crying i am
hmm well that baby shower yesterday was INTERSTING, the baby daddys mama cursed during a prayer 
No baby shrimp for me 
is lagos bound, and missing her baby already! 
don't stress baby cause you just make me stress toooooo 
Just placed flowers on my baby's grave.  She was born too soon.
boy in the striped pajamas is the saddest movie ive ever seen  currently crying like a baby
@katyperry birth control? You promised me some offsprings. 
has a sick little baby 
I miss my baby boo 
@LaPrincipesa o ............ and welcome to twitter ..... hope my baby is doing good i miss my baby 
wah... baby robin died... He drowned in the tiny dish of water we gave him... 
Jayden has been in and out of the hospital. He is having breathing problems, they think it is his heart. I have never been so tired 
Just dealt with me cat getting sprayed by a skunk...uhg...it was nasty but I feel really bad for her now...my poor little baby! 
@crazytwism no! no! i want one that's soft &amp; round and behaves like a baby. shucks. now why does that remind me of... 
is up w/ v fussy baby 
http://twitpic.com/54za4 - poor baby.He fell off the monkey bars 
@justinewalshe mine broke at 5 with baby screaming 
@shaundiviney hey i wish i lived in sydney!!! then i would be at the sway sway baby clip on staurday...  so what you been up to lately? xo
been to see midwife and she listened in on my baby and he was missing a heart beat every so often hopeing and praying he is ok 
apparently i have strep! can't touch the baby. feeling like i have the plague. 
My baby has to have shots today 
@OfficialAS awwwww.... is he gonna be okay?! I'm sure he'll be right. Just a big baby!! 
is moving on baby...oh I'm moving on. 
Laying in bed... I wish my baby was hee to read me my bedtime story 
just wants her baby hear to scare them away! 
@imaje nag, the baby woke up right after 
@etoqpraz hey! i thought i was having your babies....such a traitor. 
my baby pit got hurt. po bebe. 
i've just been traumatized. hubby accidentally ran over the bunny nest with a rototiller! 1 baby dead. it's so sad 
home ; missin mah baby ! 
@Cibaby what's up baby? U finally wanna tweet me 
my baby can sit on his own my how he has grown! he also has an ear infection and went to bed an hour early  poor guy!
birth control made me fat  it wasn't til I started shooting that I blew up like a balloon. friggin estrogen. damn uuuu
@k7vans morning!  its 2:30 here lol just was up w my sick baby 
@elizapatricia  bean said you are home from kenya.  darn, i wanted to take you on a  tour of the sheldrick trust baby elephant orpnanage 
missin my baby girl 
@blueinkstains That will have to do   I odn't think absinthe is good for breastfed babies anyhow.
Really not up for a teething baby today. I feel like crap, my eyes are still swollen and trying to comfort a child who won't be comforted 
Just got up I'm missing my baby  no fun
i wanna see my baby! (aka my horse) but she is out in the pasture where i cant get her 
@PhillipSandoval ur sooo lucky.... i miss my baby daddy more then anything!!! i miss him so much phillip  
I miss my baby  I wish someone could come take care of me. D:
Still can't make a food baby. 
my baby's cutest pjs are just about too small 
my poor baby cat was so scared 
Home with a poorly baby 
I miss my babies 
Just went through some of my niece's clothes from when she was a newborn... it seems like yesterday when she was that small 
awake while my sister and her baby girl sleeps. the little one is sick. 
@ambermaishment anyway i have to go now baby  see you in about 10 minutes ;)
update on baby rat.... dead 
just put my baby on a plane 
My wee girl kitty is getting her operation tomorrow, hope everyting goes okay. wee baby will be so scared 
Oops just forgot what I was talking about, and keep forgetting words - that's baby induced sleep deprivation for you 
can't find my baby guinea pig   and its raininggggg wtffffff
@mrskerv so is it my &amp; @mitchgeorge s fault ya'll aren't having another baby yet?  cos you can.
Misses her baby sooo much 
seeing my baby tonight? why cant it be 3:00 already 
going to bed... f.y.i. - still no babies 
oh yeah, i saw brit's baby yesterday!!!!! cutest little baby boy i've ever held.  well, first.  but still i LOVEEE BABIES.  
@hollywilli @jcab21  yer preachin to the choir baby .. i know how they are and how it goes  .. tis why i just DO shit sometimes lol
My little baby girl isn't feeling well. Teething and a cold. 
jake isnt himself this morning...he wants his jammies back on...poor baby!  
i cried over tonight's desperate housewives episode! and i don't even follow the show. i'm such a cry baby 
@aliciadunaway hope you get to feeling better baby 
@gypsydoodlebug I feel your pain.  I ran a baby bunny out of his home with the mower yesterday.  
-@chadfu hehe, i wont, but when you have babies you better take advantage of the perks too! i really want a baby  lol
 im such a baby.
housework done, baby dressed, now gonna sort toddler have shower &amp; face hellish walk uphill to station pushing pram with buggyboard 
the baby refuse all the food i ate today 
omg i think i am going to legit cry when i sell my macbook, its my baby haha 
eggs are like unborn chickens covered in sperm... that's disgustig! 
nursing my baby's swollen foot 
my baby doves had to hit the trash this morning   I think they might have dies when we got down close to freezing
@ashleigh92 haha aww baby :')  i hope you dont get too cold! atleast you have supplies in greggs ;o i love you xxx
@ashleigh92 aww baby  wheres your umbrelly? haha, i love you xxx
Not being able to text my baby really really really really sucks giant balls 
I need my baby like crazy I just miss her so much it sucks 
My poor baby! She has an ear infection, a molar coming out, fever. I'm a baby when I have those things, I could only imagine her... 
@MisterHijinx tell him I'll take him for icecream this afternoon  poor baby
my babies are gone 
going to bchs right now! I miss my baby like crazy 
feels wierd without ma baby 
I miss my baby, it sucks i live so far away and cant take care of him. He's sick without me 
@RyanSeacrest so sad.. our family lost a precious baby girl exactly 1 yr ago of only 18 months I can only imagine their pain... 
I heard strange, high-pitched squealing outside, the window was open. It's thunderstorming and there are baby raccoons crying. 
@nabii oh my gosh, you see my baby boys soon don't you 
ugh...my baby has a fever 
@DreamyObsession yea something always happening to my stinka baby.. 
watching a really big storm blow over our baby trees. 
Last ride with my baby girl alexus 
got some sad news last night my bff's baby little boy is in hospital been treated for cancer 
@tinyvamp anytime baby! woodrow the homeless guy is in it, this sketch is always more sad than funny to me 
my momma rescued a baby bird today.. its soo adorable. poor thing 
Sitting feeling  bad my baby got hurt tonight  
you know that time when you realize your babies aren't babies anymore? That's where I am  bittersweet . . . they grow so fast . . .
my baby is sick!  I don't know what to do... doctor!!!!! help!
i HATE when i see pregnant women smokinggg!!!! its sooo irresponsible n selfish! its saaad. ultimately, the baby is the one who suffers. 
@ecctv If it makes you feel better I lost 10 overnight cause I posted a picture of a baby 
had to take my baby to the vet again today 
 bad timing- a new mommy just called for newborn pictures and I can't fit the baby into my schedule no matter how hard I try
Ugh the delivery was postponed, shes not having the baby til 5 and i'll be at work 
@hithit  missing jmichelle... told you treat me like a step child! smh 
just spent an hour trying to get the newborn bird in my front garden to fly. poor baby  no success!
is traumatized and saddened by the 2 baby squirells she just found on abandoned on the sidewalk. 
my pooooor baby (my dog chachi)  she had surgery todayyyyy
@trpilot my baby shut me down 
I want some pineapple! I miss my baby 
@porcelain_baby @Christomopher your not talking about your obsession with me right??? 
@samigrady traumatizing moment of my childhood. my dogs massacred baby bunnies and my brother and i got out the bb gun... 
My baby has his first busted lip.  
my poor baby girl is poorly  x
My baby isnt online yet  booooo
Looking at my daughters baby pictures makes my heart hurt 
turning laptop of. i'm scared  poor baby.
@mamamikey paramore makes me want to punch babies  lol
I miss my saraH. baby come back!  (fuck bbvag smell.)
going through security already miss my baby. 
Missing my baby ducks 
@BuScooby yes its the twins  so i wontt be watching
My baby fell off her scooter and re-scraped her knee and hand after scraping them up really bad the other nite...poor kiddo 
my baby had to get glasses today 
@ResourcefulMom thats what we have!  baby too! sad! #thegreenteen
My baby had her puppies! 4 girls! The 1st boy died during labor  but 800 dollars later all is well! WTF!
The triplets of belleville just ended. 
is off to andy's to see her beloved boys! [minus anth baby  ]
@the_fetus not found? 
Watching the Indians game with my patients...and missing my baby  
pretty sure crutches (me) and babies don't work 
A lil baby bird fell from the nest on my balcony and it is cheeping for help  - http://tweet.sg
@ahamkaara a lady at my work died suddenly. And you know i'm a big baby.. 
missing my hubby and princess.. Just me and baby boy tonight.. Hospitals r lonely 
@quints21 Aww i'm sorry to hear that  just don't look outside!!
They r not meant to swim upside down  I hate it when my babies die :*( http://yfrog.com/12n1fj
layin` in bed without my baby jrichh. i miss him 
@mileycyrus oh.. why baby ? 
I tried the best I could to make baby cheer up but nothing seems to be working 
@michelleisalive @brookeisalive yeah  i hate to say it, but. I am having a food baby..
@ROCKGUITARZ What do you think you saw, recording a child crying and playing it whilst out?  I thought I was being original 
Is missing ma baby! Ahhh! 
I miss my baby cat 
@RobEarls without wifey and baby 
My poor baby got a chick pox 
On the way to send baby boy back  - http://tweet.sg
little shammy is sick...  i wish our baby sister will be get better tomorrow
Morning Everyone!  The baby likes to get up early on the days we don't have to work.  
I wish i could be as happy as the babies in the cow and gate adverts 
missing my babies  I hate my schedule.
Some yound girls are letting their dog play in the water and it just chased a mommy duck with babies 
@sylviayong Trig, it's a pile of poop.  what are you doing?
@floatr don't hurt me anymore. I am but a child 
@JBwavy I'm not getting enough attention from my baby 
just dropped my baby off @ the airport 
I need a baby sitter if mel is going 2 movies 
@masterluke103 I know! but she cries...like a baby, which lets me know I don't need a baby either...and shes crying again 
Misses his baby 
Two of our baby birds have disappeared. They didn't fall out of the nest, so I don't know what happened to them. 
finishing sytycd auditions then gonna wash my car.  my poor baby 
My baby is leaving me for a couple of hours 
My baby sister is all graduated and everything...  I feel old!!!
you're so square (baby i dont care), replyyyy to my message dammit 
feeling like poo and cant see my baby why does this have to happen to me 
@joeduenwald baby have you slept at all? Lol if I wasn't the dd I would get to drink too 
A little baby bird committed suicide on top of my car.  
Seems like everybad chick I see has a child 
@jackstow done that already  ... to my own child 
@Gypsea missing my baby too.....something fierce. 
does anybody know how much doggy xrays are?? my poor baby cant walk 
My baby just lost her 4th tooth but it's the first one on top!! I am going to cry! 
he's tough though; such a boy! but i feel bad! note to self: 'lose the trendy bling. you're a mom now that stuff is hazardous&quot; poor baby 
@annedudek I hope your baby will be ok soon 
awww the little baby cardinals are so cute! i bet they are close to flying the nest! 
My dad found a dead baby rabbit in the pool this morning 
taking the bus back to la. already miss my baby 
Where did my baby go? 
dad came home from the fields with a bitter sweet suprise  a poor baby fawn , we couldnt save her.
http://twitpic.com/6axvw - i get to see this angel tomorrow...who is too big for her baby bed! 
My baby cuzzo got burned  hope he feels better!!
Finally get to have dinner...yeah it's late but I haven't eaten since noon. The baby shower was not veg friendly 
My baby is on a nursing strike and wants nothing to do with me. 
I'm gonna cry like a big ass baby if my team don't win.. 
blahhh im tired. and i miss my baby 
watching my baby sis sleep her pain away. . . hopefully she'll get discharged tomorow. povrecita 
My baby was tieddddd todayyy smh 
Misses her babies!  she feels so lonely right now!
 baby girl's so upset.....i'm not where i need to be with my sewing... and it's almost 10pm and i'm finally eating a little dinner..sigh..
just watched orangutang diary... saw the cutest baby that now has no mother thanks to palm oil... 
 i'm tired and ready for bed i miss you like crazy baby.. i just wanna hold you and kiss you
i really suck at mario kart. word of advice: do NOT use baby peach in the stroller, the handling sucks! 
@LimeIce baby... We gownna miss you heaps too *empties 1 bucket of tears* 
Lily is telling everyone that i'm growing a baby in my womb. I wouldn't mind her saying that if i WERE! But i'm not 
Just wish I had some one to take care of me right now....I feel like the biggest baby tonight  helpppppp
efinetly be played alot if he still playin w me..   this is my baby.. really
texting my hubby.. my poor baby is sick 
...   love my babies.
Just came back from Tamaras baby shower! I am going to miss her when she goes away 
Cats litter tray and baby nappy = same gut wrenching odour 
My baby is sick &amp; it's breaking my heart  x max
Wow babys wake up call 630 am ahhh need sleep honestly why do babies have this much energy so early 
@khanserai you lucky ****** I want to go tot he movies 
spending the day taking care of my sick baby boy 
@shanzehmichelle  bless your soul!!!!!! i feel so bad, how long did you have to wait? you poor baby!!! 
will be 24 in 24 days!!!!!!! yay me! btw, my sophie got bumped by a car  she hurtin...my poor baby.
maggie baby got out, hit by a truck, but shes okay.. for now 
Missing my babies 
But the baby is sick..................................... 
@notthewinner At least it wasn't on your birthday. @mslibbyj made sad face for her baby bird. 
@zackintoys You looking to score a kid? I hear abandon fridges are like baby pinatas.  Its sad when there is a statistic 4 fridge deaths.
My toddler is getting in all 4 of his 1st molars!!!!  
@leekingx3 i have to look after my baby sister.  i can't do anything else as long as she's around. 
btw, i miss my baby! 
@JadedKitty so I guess u don't wana have my babies?  !
Going home soon...couldn't see my baby girl this weekend 
My baby bird died!        
@sharlene_ baby, can you get on aim? I have to talk to you 
at urgent care in glendale with my baby boo. she's sick 
ouuuuchhhh blacky..  that didnt look like it felt good... LOL, i still love that #twins ticket commercial
omfg the poor baby died 
Just ran over a baby squirrel...  why were u running around in the middle of the road?
I never win the baby shower games.. I hate these things! 
Y the hell is my computer not charging?????????? Ughhhh  I need my baby!!
At home with a sick baby who has conjunctivitis...fingers crossed we don't get it 
I'm having a hard time watching my baby sis be in soooo much pain....my poor baby 
one of the baby birds that was in the nest fell out.  she can't fly yet, either. so she's just kind of hopping around.
I hope my baby is ok. 
found a baby bunny in my yard today without it's madre, it's just laying there so helpless 
doesn't think it can still use the excuse &quot;It's baby weight&quot; now that the baby is almost 7 months old 
@Mrs_McFox Awww, poor baby  I'll give you hugs and kisses.
letting hubby cut all the grass this time. i'm afraid i'll hit a baby bunny if i do it 
@toyaplus1 noo.  but they're in the baby aisle by the diapers &amp; stuff.
@TwoSharon cuz he needed sleep after baby girl decided that maybe daddy could help her get dinner faster. She was in R room B4 I knew it 
I don't think my new baby likes me very much 
just told her dad (DePasta) to put the baby rabbit in the bush in the frony yard where the baby rabbit brothers/sisters live!!!!!!! 
haha zac! i love him! and baby v! she looks absolutely gorgeous! i'm so jealous right now 
sad that my #guinea #pig miscarried all 5 of her babies today 
saw some baby mallard ducks but it was too dark for a photo shoot... 
there is a little baby deer without a mother in the pasture 
so the game is to chew gum and create the cutest baby then the girl next to you, so far looks like what it comes out from. 
is lonely. i miss my babies. 
omg @SHEz0so0FFiCiAL is a zaquisha victim ! not my baby sis 
we found a newborn baby bird still pink and no signs of feathers.. Under my grandmas car  i dont know if he will make it overnight
@ColorblindFish sleep well!  i'll be up with my sick baby girl tonight 
it hurts me seeing my sister not able to hold her baby girl in her arms. 
is scared to go out to monday night madness and get completely hammered cause my baby isnt here to take care of me 
@LibertyLndnGirl sounds perfect, I had 4.30am &amp; babies crying 
My poor baby kitty fell off the balcony yesterday 
Off to bed my babies..have alot to think about tonight  http://twitpic.com/6e49w
@joelsephiryn oh baby. I know that feeling  hugs.
has a sick baby 
says he misses his baby boo  http://plurk.com/p/xmz5z
My baby go zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz. Now what do i do?  
stayed home from work today...baby girl is sick 
found a baby robin in my yard..no mommie  didn't touch it. put in the woods hope she finds it. so cute. opened it mouth for me to feed it!
I want to meet my baby girl but I'm worried for her heart! 
so i got stomach virus... and so has my baby  i hope he gets better soon.
i gotta send my baby back in for replacement 
@SashaAmara aye baby girl u left ur souviner here i c u didnt care about my gift 
feeling really upset for my baby sarah her dog has just passed away           ily sarah xxx
@CMaxCooper I meant the babies 
reading (and looking!) at karen cheng &amp; baby no.3. we all know i like bellys and babies. aw 
@ashleigh92 haha its awful :l my nose just dribbles everywehere, nice :l haha, i really missed you last night baby  i love you xxx
I think my dog just killed a baby thrush! 
still cannot wait to hold my baby nephew but since I have the sniffles, I just might _have_ to  pouting...
My baby might break up with me after I tell him my dark secret! 
@stephainepratt in that flight were one baby and seven kids too 
thinks grey's was so sad-cried  shame she was just a baby
@LadyDenDen hi baby! U know I love my pink!! I miss u 
It's my baby's birthday today, but I just realized...he's no longer a baby...he's becoming a young man 
is adding some stuff to her MySpace profile. I wish my baby was here 
my baby has not pooped in 3 days.  i have never wished for poop before, but i sure am now!
Holding the baby when she burps and then projectile vomits. I'm wearing a dress, so it landed all over my legs. 
There's a baby bird trapped on my front porch, poor little guy can't fly off. 
@cubanas lol I'm mad you stole my baby pics  why they sticky??
missing my baby's first steps. again. 
is worried shitless on where her boyfriend is :o, please be safe baby 
My middle baby boy is 9 today... when did he grow up so quickly?    K
my poor baby has 7 teeth coming in at the same time. 
@kwrocker nawww  poor baby, maybe tweet more and get the client for your crackberry ;)
nothin sadder than a baby birdie dead on the sidewalk 
@tarynAnn  awe, baby charlie :'(
baby bird on my balcony...tugging on my heart strings cuz i think it's gotten lost  where's your momma, little one?
missing my baby boi.... 
@supermac18 oh you poor baby i hope you get better 
My doggy is getting surgery 2morro  im scared for my baby!!!!!
only 2 more to go #e3!!!!!!! gnf gnf gnfffffff missin my babies also 
Is takin his baby to the shop....... hope he is ok 
I'm an emo today. For all my parents' 'why don't you grow up' or whatever they sure do still treat me like a baby 
waiting for the doctor to see my baby boy 
wondering why bedtime with my child has to be this hard 
thinks her baby momma is ded 
Just saw a baby bird literally fall out of the sky and hit the ground  I'm so sad now
the baby hummingbird we found is dying  my sister is being a little cunt and blaming me though , the nerve of her !
It just kind of hit me that my baby is way too close to be a toddler.  #militarymon
@bewareofabkco someone left a baby in a box in phoenix yesterday. sick fucks! 
@LexaDawn where did you see his drawing? and um me, I cry like a baby. I can't help it though 
I cry over everything. I'm such a cry baby. 
my baby boy has been sick for the last few days 
My only pick up line = yo baby, yo baby, yo baby, yo. I heard the kids don't use that anymore.... 
@BenjaminFolds Aww I can't see the pics from my phone..but I thought 4 y.o.'s were supposed to be bendy and bouncy  poor baby.
@ddlovato santa claus?  when i was a child, my nanny  scare me with him 
didnt see any baby chicks today 
3) this afternoon i buried a baby bird 
@gurms also a number of infants 
ashlee called bubbles a retarded child  lol I love bjb!!! 2 28 09!
We really do love our dog...poor baby.  4 seizures in 20 minutes and another trip to the emergency vet...  *sigh*
Watching TruTv &amp; listening to music  missing my baby 
Doing laundry and helping @calebftsk pack his bags. Being a baby about it cause I am NOT happy to see him go. 
I had to disect a baby pig today.... It was so sad 
I think my baby is sick   http://twitpic.com/6g8ae
I have to say, I am not a fan of clothdiapers.  Having had a baby, I never want to see what is in the diaper again! #clothdiapers 
us up cuz my baby is not feeling good 
is up cuz my baby is not feeling well 
My babies are growing up so faaaast.  http://twitpic.com/6g9iq
2:30 in the morn..my sick baby finally sleeps 
The grandparents just straight woke the baby up. . It's 1130 here but 230 baby  and parent time. 
@GrabeelLucas ; especially who is the real vanessa hudgens? because official baby v seems pretty convincing as nessa.. 
Tripping balls cause my baby isn't replying  soooo paranoid.
Missing the babies..  @mommadayes
What's wrong with my baby?  i love you, sweetheart.
@grown_mula_baby but u don't be fooling with me 
my baby/violin's broken  - http://mobypicture.com/?1emswm
The baby girl is sick and may miss her last three days of first grade. 
@MommaSalty awwwwwwwwwwwwwww! makes me want my 2 babies now. 
I found a sick-looking geko. I think he's on the brink of death. only a baby... I'm crying 
my baby goes to the doctor today.  i don't wanna let her go.
Dropping my big furry baby off to be shaved for the first time.  poor doggy.
@snflower99  i know what you mean i want my pre baby body from b4 the 1st baby back 118 w/ abs of steel... i rocked it &amp; i miss it 
My baby turns ONE today! 
getting ready.  need to leave by 9:30.  aiza's flight is at 1:15 am.  i hate seeing my baby sister go.  
I definatly think i broke my baby  toe, while moving all my furniture last night 
My baby bout to be sooo mad at me! He getting 4 shots for school! I sowwy tinkle butt! 
Taking care of my baby she had to get stitches last night ....busted her head 
trying to save the life of newborn bird whose mother seems to have left. the 2 other ones died  this ones a trooper.
my monkey baby on c4 tonight i want one now 
@martiegras   awww... I so wanted that baby hummingbird to make it!  You tried your best.  sending hummingbird hugs your way!
crying like a baby! I just sent my boys off for 6 days without me and I've never been away from them overnight except in the hospital. 
missing my babies   
My baby(puppy) is sick     I feel like a distraught mother...lol... I'm holding her big as like a baby right now
A monkey is not a human baby 
my baby grace had to get shots today  two! and she wants to go outside but we keep her in after shots. shes so lovey now.
@MzAnnieBannie i was replying to your comment about missing your baby, dork haha, and wtf are the bumps from 
My baby sister is having her baby tonight &amp; says no one gets to be in the room. 
I really feel like an invisible child right now......... 
I don't feel good at all. I hate thunderstorm ((I'm a big ol baby)) and my allergies are kicking my butt 
@tinyvamp it's okay baby, i just reorganized my itunes 
finally got my picture to show up! my baby's sick 
missin my baby in texas 
@StaceRay But late term abortion babies CAN survive outside the womb and their skulls get crushed during the abortion  Isn't that murder?
midwife appointment: baby has changed size but hasn't moved down  i do however have a script for a tonne of antacids. roll on relief.
pray for my besti's baby bro 
@bowenandarrow so sad not to be going  stupid baby ruins everything :p
 thy cumin to get my baby in the morning.....
My baby is in the hospital 
wtf mum just give my cat away. wtf! that's my riku! my baby named him 
Ugh these lyrics &quot;funny the way it is whether right or wrong, a soldiers last breath and his baby's being born&quot; 
@samboaquino i miss u soo much!!! i'm going to watch 'growing up with baby' and 'gone with the wind' just for you! 
@reluctor I was a twin but mum lost her during preg, always feel someone is missing 
up with sick baby 
I'm finding it quite hard to believe that my baby sister is fifteen today..I feel so old. 
when can meet my baby??*sigh* 
@lisam75 @lopsi i also have tickets but not up for going  would love to see ballet as well  can't bear to leave baby just yet.
My baby poop smells like a grown mans poop  sheesh!
 there were two dead baby geese in the middle of the road
Missing my baby girls.  They wanted to stay with their great-grandma last night.  The house was peaceful ,but I missed them sooooo much! 
@helennnnnkim  aw. I slept through the t-storm like a baby. lol
I miss my baby.  where for art thouuu?
I started that last year, but only blue birds came. I saw a yellow baby (dead   ) but never saw the mamma
My baby needed a haircut so i took him and they put him n a cage!  my poor baby boy!
@faulko1 Bully Birds...eat baby chicks..naughty sods!!! 
sick baby..I feel so bad for her 
just caught a tiny baby mouse in my apartment... what do I do with it? I can't hurt it 
is all packed ready to see her babies but not ready to leave her hubz behind 
i'm borred :S miss my baby cakes @jovi_jonas where are u gorl?  she's gone!
Disecting baby pigs. They're too cute to cut up  
oh no.. my kittens grew out of their baby callors  there growing up....
@MsYazzy I can't =( &amp; I got a baby face it makes it worst. They don't even sell me dutches at the store sumtime 
@AlwaysConvinced same story everywhere baby 
my baby will take care of me since i am sick today. i hope i get better soon. 
I'm sooo tired, stayed up late with my sick baby 
@robincareyyo at the legion. It doesn't look like anyones benn in it in a long time.  No dead babies 
my baby vincent threw up all over me  weee gettin the stomach flu. ughhh!
Just fed the baby lambs !  got headbutted 
I'm tryina help u and u mean muggin the world  po baby.
@KickingBuckets paul has a huge yin. Like a baby's arm 
i lost all my baby weight..its so sad..i'm back and fourth between 80-85lbs..i'm eating..so i don't know whats going on? 
wishes her baby were here  work at eight am.... not the most excited about that one. but its okay, it's money.
looking forward to tonite ;) www.mediastorm.com - videos on here make me cry like a baby! 
It's suck knowing his in the other room and not Cuddling me  night x
awww pls don't worry baby, you're perfect 
Just saw this little baby with bruises all over   makes me sad. Tiffanydawn~
The baby has been crying for 25 minutes straight. I hate this. 
How to save the two baby pigeons that fell out of their nest across the street? I don't think the mom is going to come back. 
has a very unhappy baby who got his shots today  but on the upside his new doctor doesn't talk like elmer fudd.
Is saddened by the momma bird's incessant cry outside as she looks for her missing baby...  Fits the theme of this day...
my baby is sick. 
I ran out of baby banana's to eat 
Missing my baby (bay-bay)! 
i miss my henry baby 
wishin i cld c my jay  &amp; my 2 baby loves... back in ky b4 the months out, get ready ;)
@tommcfly Ah baby, no league for them  i love you
aw man :| i feel so ill and can not find baby wipes to take my makeup off ! i hate sleeping with it on  ... good morning sticky eyes !
It is hard to hold a baby when your arm is broken. 
i miss my baby boo 
and it's all over now, baby blue... 
@GroBaby  I told my hubby that's why we need more kids! I love CD'ing, BF'ing, and wearing my baby. I don't ever want to give that up!
On my way back from zachs bday! He's 3! Not a baby no more  going to wash clothes LOL!
I hate having to work when my baby is at home sick 
is having a very rough pregnancy. When will it get better???? 
@dsfq That's too bad about not being able to take births. 
these babies are driving me crazy...I miss you 
All these babies are making me want one! 
I got my mini baby pc!!! It's not pink though 
my poor baby boy (my dog) can hardly walk 
In need of food and missing my baby 
My baby's grad is on monday.  kills me that i can't be there.
I'm really hoping that the military didn't take my baby's care package because they knew food was in it. 
missing my babies.... 
Missing my baby lou. 
I'm sad from being told about a lady who lost a baby 
but for real though, i feel sorry for him. poor bacon baby 
No....baby wipes didn't work. 
cats huffing and puffing about the weather, baby kicking enthusiastically. no long sleep in for me today 
wah i wake up and i feel like a baby is on fire and is trying to punch its way outta my belly 
Awwwwwwww my baby is sick. 
No baby foxes sighting today. 
geez I didn't know I could produce so much water! I am such a cry baby 
Is up being super mommy to my baby boy who has a cold  i hate when he is sick.
asks did i disappointed you? so you make me wanna cry like a baby?  http://plurk.com/p/ysiz8
cuddling my baby who has a raging temperature 
@ my baby's graduation!! i couldnt miss this for the world, then back to work 
only one baby bunny left 
Taking my poor baby back to the hospital for more torture 
sent hubby off to boat school  boys are in bed..time to get ready to load up and head out to the baby shower..
@PatronPay Awww ok baby  sowwie just wanted you to smile
my poor little baby girl - not feeling good and has an infection 
boooo I forgot I have to clean my crib first.. I need a maid  ..
@HellenBach not long 2 go now,,, I'm just really missing my baby girl 2day  gonna get home &amp; give her a big kiss 
doing my best not to be vain but my baby has a fierce case of baby acne...poor little darling 
I just found a whole nest of dead baby birds. 
@verycris yeah, i know it isn't  how's baby nicholas? did you know rachelle from bebedawl's over in england?! x
@RockumSockum R u having fun wit da babies? I only have kitties &amp; little kids to play wif. No babies around here. 
@JammyRabbins leash babies are so depressing 
Trying to soak up every second with my babies. Last week of maternity leave already!! 
At home taking care of my baby#2... he might have to go to the hosp... 
Hanging out at the hospital is much more fun when your having a baby 
@purplefangs u lost loads already... awe  a baby tiger cub just died... his mom accidentally rolled on it in the night and it died
my poor baby phillip has an ear infection,is on meds 
@HiHillaryyy aww i wanna meet baby stahl sister 
My baby's gone to graduate! 
Missing the babies!!!  
 the babies left when i got here so i didn't get to see them.
@ch_goodwin nope!    baby daddy pissed me off!!!
@BeautifulMecka Aright when my baby comin back iAint even get to hold him yet  Lol
2 rows up a newborn is screaming bloody murder while the parents just sit there stuffing their faces w/ popcorn 
Money sucks. Not only do i have a baby shower to pay for but a wedding gift and baby gift and a dress for the wedding. 
@borkware I guess the honeymoon cot is now just &quot;the cot&quot; 
@casiet  i know, im at work. but daddy and baby dee were there. i miss u!
My son is really annoying me... Hes such a baby cry! 
feeling like poop today! Being sick while watching a baby is hard! 
Ah, the wild baby bunnies we found in our yard both died today. No survivors. We tried. 
i miss new york  also i think my brother is srsly rosemary's baby or some shit
back from kayyy house &amp;&amp; the baby shower ; wish muff couldve been there 
I'm sad about my baby bella..but I think it will be okay. 
at chads getting ready to watch the curious case of benjamin button..missing my baby still  cells good
http://twitpic.com/6snzv - taking a walk and look who i ran into! a cute baby seal! where is her mama? 
@missashley1 http://twitpic.com/4ntt9 - such a bad baby...he has gotten so big 
 my baby is sick
Swiming is fun but not so fun alone  wish ash wasnt such a big baby
wishing I was holding my baby tonight...  I can't sleep cause my pillow isn't you...
@alexgisforme3 baby breathe, please. i promise that these girls don't matter, you're only fueling the fire 
@aazenett ow  can i have ur baby?? ajajajajajaj hows the little nut doing?
found an abandoned baby bluejay outside today... no mom in site. humane society said to keep it in a warm box till tomorrow. then it died 
needs new hypothetical baby names.  #fb
I'm sad that baby kitty's gone 
My babies have graduated! *tear* ...and he didn't come. 
My baby is limping on his L front paw and it's swollen 
just woke up.  I had so much sugar at the baby shower...my body just crashed...now I feel slightly ill. 
Why are we loosing so many baby goats this time? 
@JessicaSimpson awwww that is amazing I miss my babies being little 
my baby sister stepped on a tack and i had to help her get it out 
Feeling left out, I guess pregnancy will do that to ya 
Misses his baby 
@trvsbrkr hugs to feel better.  I hate when my baby is sick. It hurts me 
the sidster's passed out in the livingroom floor after a solid night of tummy woes    my poor baby boy!!
I miss my babies 
@erikaauge you're such a baby haha  the lamia is coming for you! Here kitty kitty 
@anthothemantho hahaha i agree! i cried like a baby when they split the brothers up  ha
I think the momma abandoned the 2 baby birds that my mom accidentilly discovered on top of a bucket under a mop used to prop up a tarp 
Trying to put the babies to sleep and they wont go to sleep 
baby brother is going home today. huhuhu.  http://plurk.com/p/z09kh
@sarahmarina our baby boy @kentuckytour is feelin lonely on da road 
evil little puke machine lol my baby niece threw up all over me shower here i come 
Going to lose another kitten and theres nothing i can do, no stomach tube, no meds, no moms, im a failure 
thinking about baby, haw I miss him, I haven't seen him in like 7 days 
Missing my wittle baby 
omg. I want to be at home. I want my laptop, my madda and my baby bradda 
awww man hubby is sleep again  call me when u see this baby
already miss baby donkey 
@loopypoopysoopy i miss you too tina baby! i miss karaoke nights with you... 
@PeachPosh  baby thats more than most of us get 
sooo tired, don't know what to do with myself. might watch twilight soon mmm! i miss my baby 
With my baby!! But he's off to barcelona tmrw 
Just woke up..baby is sick 
I'm waiting for baby to be back home from sabai. I guess I've food poisoning again.  oh man. - http://tweet.sg
Workingg  I love my bubs &lt;3
awake unfortunetly...picking up my brothers for their pictures sometime before 430..with i could see my baby today  cells good
@giarone own, poor baby  but i guess it's just like that with everybody...
Home with a sick baby!!! I guess I will take a nap as well since she is out like a light! I just hate I'm missing church 
My lil sis and her broken arm awhhh poor baby! I hate cn lil kids hurt! She's 4!!!   http://mypict.me/2UXH
@beckymiller75 aw.. poor baby ducks. 
@laurakoumides whats wrong baby! ring me if your sad 
stayed home from church for a baby with the hershey squirts... 
@djlimelightz  aww po baby. well ,its not much u can do about it...is it?
My baby sisster is an angel now looking our for me I hope.. this is going to be a long summer  !
Just got outta church and missing my baby. 
note never substitute baby oil for tanning oil =very burnt face  lmao
@teddyp00h baby i'm sorry. omg i gained all the weight back i lost 
@fizp  baby *HUGS*
Aw my baby's sick 
saw a baby deer in my neighborhood this morning.. now it is back and laying on my front porch. I don't know where it's mother is 
chillin..my baby left 2day tear tear 
Tired...waiting for my baby to get here.... 
@chelseaa  fuck i just commented myself FAILLLLLLL  and i dunno its a baldy baby the now? :L
I want to hold baby oliver already!! And no contractions today    man i cant wait!
@girl_from_oz I've been invited out but cant go as have no baby sitter  booooooooo
@justvonecia aawwww  poor baby...at lease u had fun also...call me when u need to..
@twylababe me too...but i dont see them having babies anytime soon 
come back baby... i miss you! 
@itsmsolivia  no bueno. when does baby come out?
@MISSKISHA718 I kno but I won't be able to function without my baby. I'm already missin her 
@mimilover08 why baby?  @DanyCarey i think i could handle your tricks! Haha
Lots of sleeping and crampy and sleepy baby today. I feel pretty crappy. 
Just saw a mommy duck with her babies on the median of the road waiting to cross  nvr felt more sad.
My baby's missing 
is sad my baby niece has gone home 
sick of listening to Jayden's cough 
I have to leave in 30 mins for baby sitting. fml. I don't know why I agreed to this. 
Everyone said when you have a baby you'll never go on holiday again. Now I see why - no-one wants us to stay with a baby 
Just woke up from a 12 hour coma convinced i owned a baby hamster . . . I don't 
@mizz_angel0004 we don't do ft. baby.. 
just opened my ricecooker and about 20 baby roaches swarmed out. i guess mama-roach thought it would a good place to lay eggs 
chillin wit my baby boo about to go back 2 my dorm 
@janedevin thanx! But ooooh boy, it makes a momma's heart stutter to see blood on her baby 
taking care of my baby boo, he's sooo sick , i have never seen something like that 
- tomorrow is my baby's 4th birthday! She's getting so big....not a baby anymore!  
@pendemonium how sad  i hate finding crushed eggs or dead baby birds... heck i hate finding dead anything ...
My baby charlie pie is getting so much better! I know because he's being a pain again. Haha! I just wanna feed him but the vet said no. 
@LawlietJourney only one, a baby joey  it was knocked down so we brought it to a hospital.
... i miss my baby. i miss my sister. i miss sleeping in the morning. i miss cheetos. 
missing my baby  and playing with kittty
why is the baby awake again? i thought we were headed to bed...she obviously has other plans for me! 
@DESS_DOLLA yes      (baby talk) can you tell ur mom to make me some fried chicken!!
@frogcooke the part with the mother holding her baby in the water at the end...........my heart. 
Missing my babies, they're still on vacay 
titanic makes me cry like a baby 
My baby cousin leaves tomorrow for basic training.  I miss him already. 
http://twitpic.com/7g3x6 - sick baby mourning dove won't move from mirror even if we honk or shoo... 
@mguethe ohh nooooo  poor baby
aww my baby gurl lilly is sik 
Me n the baby r missing daddy 
has a grumpy teething baby! 
@AdamPotts09 HMM...hope you liked the dinner I cooked for you!!...I can't sleep I have heartburn baby! 
@decembabreeze damn you're so lucky you got to see tim and baby girl live. i would kill to see that. 
@muttmoxie the adoption section was empty!  (I alredy have 4 babies, eeek haha)
I just saw a mother leaning over her baby with a lit cigarette inches from the baby  
i took bessie 2 the vet, she has 2 have dental surgeyr on wednesday coz she broker her tooth and its infected, poor baby 
Just landed - most turbulent flight I've ever been on complete with screaming baby - tired. 
@mindwarp2 i've been photographing weddings and dealing with a poorly baby 
im going to go and exercise  it has to be done to lose the baby weight!!
one of mah baby tooths is finally at the end of its existence. 
nator gets more shots today.  poor baby girl.
Is up late my poor baby girl is vomiting and feeling real bad 
@erica0921 awww..my baby's sick? 
I just saw a dead baby deer! 
I am missing my baby tonight!!! 
My poor baby has had her injections this morning   Not a happy little girl x
@lenmshu yea  sick baby is not happy baby and a very tired mommy.
@KatrinaLomidze all you guys having adorable babies are seriously making me broody 
i miss beverly already. sad baby bear 
@ashleigh92 i might of done 8) i want it to look good for you comin back baby  i miss you  not long now though ;o i love you xxx
hmm wud sooo b a geisha but baby powder aint my colour 
Just dropped off baby at daycare for the first time. He didn't cry. But, I am now. 
hates being away from my baby when he isnt feeling good 
@xStephTraff oowh babe i would but i'm so  my little baby has been crashed and i hate the dvla 
@tink598 Everyone says that movie is great... We plan to see it eventually!  The baby makes that tough.  
Doesnt wanna send my baby to preschool. 
@MrLDavis #iremember when my baby bro use to call me.... 
my baby just went to work.  im off.to look for a pool
@ItsTreyDay I dont care about me i'm more worried about autumn bcuz she is still a baby and her immune system isn't fully developed  *tear
fussy babies make me tired 
@LOQuent I already speak in toddler  
my cat was just outside for the storm, poor baby 
@shootingxstar soo i joined twitter but i want it on my phoneee  &amp; I thought u wrote my stomach won't stop GROWing for a sec.. food baby!
@aineODM i miss asia baby 
@Misspopov very, poor lady and baby mustn't have enjoyed good health to start with 
@fuckingxlies buuuu  i'm your sweet nurse baby 1313 XD
watching the news, so sad about that baby killed and dumped in lake lewisville 
@CassieNorrish  baby, I hope you're doing okay! I LOVE YOU!!
@savsav  ahah awehh no baby pic  abd yeah agreed they were last year too.
is relaxing with her babies, even though they arent babies nemore....      gee why do they have to grow up so fast....
My babies are gone 
My poor little 20 month old beautiful red headed baby girl is getting x-rays on a probably broken clacivle 
@nikkixwalker awh baby  i hope you get better soon! i'd bring you soup and juice and medicine.. but i'm kind of across the country. :p
@1208wonderful if only they stayed babies. 
@kanyaranindita baby painful  http://myloc.me/3Ycs
had a baby bird die in my hands today. 
....eli just picked up lakai only 2 hrs ago and im already sad and missing my baby. 
@diamondback128 hi boyfriend. You are laying right next to me. I'm bored. But you don't feel good  feel better baby. I looooove you!
baby girl gradiates from elementary school...no more babies for me!!! 
Some women see babies everywhere and become sad if they are childless. I see dogs everywhere and cry 'cause I don't have one. 
cant get up.... cat is on me... i wish it was a baby  i really want a baby
The mom flew away also but then we saw that there were 2 baby ducks chasing her but they couldn't fly!! They would try and fall!! 
At the hospital with my baby  fever
rereading new moon when you're beyond hormonal is NOT a good thing. now im bawling like a baby. 
is just chillin' at home with a lil sick baby...  
Why is my baby always getting hurt 
@adarlingxo baby, why you in the hospital??  
I'm not well and baby is sick too  
baby come back to me... boy you're one in a million 
my coco just got back from the vets and she's all groggy and weird   poor baby
missing my puppy baby. getting him back tomorrow now all I gotta worry about is my big baby leaving for tour 
I get my guitar tommorow. It's been getting fixed. I miss my baby 
@JinkyTrix baby i need a kiss 
is proud of the baby for switching seamlessly to the crib, but misses getting her face pushed on and snuggled against 
poor baby boy: he was wrong. it's not raining yet 
That's so sad the lady who passed away who had swine flu, her baby has passed away too 
the birds outside my house are making soo much noise. they sound like a bunch of screaming babies. 
Heartbreaking news for swinf flu family as they have lost their baby too  http://bit.ly/XyKMe
my baby is sick  ahhh hopefully she feels better in the morning!
aw ma baby boy isnt well  aw
man it is so fricken cold. even with my electric blanket. and my asthma is acting up. I need cuddles 
is taking her baby for her injections 
@sway_sway_baby whats wrong? 
@idkmybffkae   aww, I'm sorry baby.  You could have woke me up, I would have come out and talked to you
@ work...finkin about my baby boi! 
@Buffyxx I was literally putting her in her seat and went to kiss her fat baby cheeks and she headbutted me 
@totallyguan  i'm one very lost child.
I think I just seen a dead baby horse 
hittin the road dead baby dear on yv 
I really don't know how many more times I can leave my baby when he's so upset &amp; beggin me not 2 leave! 
ok about to go to the baby's funeral in a min   i feel so sorry for his parents damn....
@zuppalizzle *sigh* I miss my baby 
ahhh the terrible twos have arrived, I don't think I have ever seen my toddler throw a fit like the one she is throwing right now 
misses her baby abby 
My baby girl is sick 
I squisheded a baby turtle 
just finished swim lessons w/ toddler. surprisingly lots of progress in 1 wk. baby is sick &amp; on 3rd hr of morning nap 
My baby boy is sick.   I want him better and running around again!
@mimiej so sad. a mom over here died and then her just born baby died of swine flu  
well ive been there and there are alot of pigs everywhere. But the baby pigs ran away from me! 
@andy065 there was a baby in the car  but sure you look fine
Why does my child whinge so much 
@JaneDoes  i shall have baby for you. i'll make an appointment to go to the sperm bank. would you like a choco baby or mocha? LOL
@mRaLiStEr run's house isn't all good they're gonna show jojo getting busted for weed he got arrested! and justine had  a still born baby 
The fray makes me wanna punch babies 
So much for my 40 min powernap  kept wide awake by the 2 most annoying voices outside my window..my parents talking in baby voices to  ...
@KarlaPerez yeeah baby...i'm eating platano chips I just need coke 
My baby sister is not a baby anymore... she just turned 16. I feel so old 
FUCKKK! My phone just fell on concrete and got 3 major scratches  my baby. This one suffers so much hahaha!
Unfortunately am still unable to get baby bro to rock @nkotb  may be wearing him down though ;)
hmmm i miss my baby...  off to take a long bath and read.... i'll talk to you later baby
@WhatsTheT who damned the dog preston....my baby name is preston 
@MariBiscuits  I know . He is all alone  with a new baby and a sick fiance in the hospital 
@pugsushi @BigPikaChica i was stuck in watauga with my baby sis 
My baby is starvin  poor hannah.
@HeyPooks i know!  i'm most worried about the baby...that would suck!!! i wish i knew what hit him!!  
@half_jack_doll aww, baby  someone lied to you...
please pray, i had my ultrasound and they saw the gest. sac and yolk sac but no baby yet  soooo worried
http://twitpic.com/7lb47 - I went to take a picture of my baby birds for you @traviswood but they are all gone now  bye bye birdies!
My poor baby has a fever.  #fb
@thehoodnerd   I have no one to make babies with. 
thinking about starting a care home for drug addicted babies. We just had to send 2 of those babies to foster care 
I'm missing my babies... 
@SuprSkyeCantFly because they're babies 0.0 and why are you killing them *sadface* 
Just kissed my biggest baby good-bye for camp.  
Finally home from hospital can't play with my baby for four weeks 
My baby nicholas just died     (my dog)
stil cant find my baby. 
just tried to call my baby.  no answer
@jordanknight ooh baby!! I wish i could do something so you could feel better!! it kill me that you don't feel good!! 
is fucking pissed I can't talk to my babies! 
@URFAVBUNNY wow @ baby shower. Not poppin 
In boston... Just came back from fenway... I miss my baby 
I didn't get to talk to my baby tonight..  luv u baby.. xoxo
@dmbdork thx. She's my baby. 
Still at the hospital! I have a lot of making up to do. I think I hiurt him.   I'm so sorry baby.  http://myloc.me/47d4
takin care of my baby... him is sick 
I have to take my baby to get neutered tomorrow.  poor kitty..
there is a baby possum that creeps breaking into my house  ughhh
My son is sick looks like a doctors visit tommara  hope he gets well fast, and hope my baby girl don't get sick to....
oh my poor baby daddy 
@aspo1 hello again. Just up heating the baby's bottle. So tired!  thanks for keping me company during the nite x
had to pause to help bathe the daughters - i got to wash their hair tonight - usually @dcpincus does that but the baby is sick 
I'm up at 2:30 am !!   but my baby is sick and he needed me.
my poor baby pup needs to go in to surgery tomorrow 
@JellyWrestler lol .... no ... just made a little baby cry today.... and now he thinks i'm really mean 
Listening 2 these slow jams is making me miss my baby 
got legal advice? do you need legal advice? www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/csgherman    missing my baby girl 
@nmhrbrtsn they're already dying  but I'm making them have more babies
My baby girl has her first cold 
The other day, I saw something interesting. A pigeon mother pushing its child out of her nest  The baby squeaked, and squeaked...
ahhhh my baby was on 16 minutes ago !! and now she gone  im onlinneee
Chem is as hard as Trig  and as long too..
I'm watching marley and me.  Makes me cry like a baby 
so sleepy, I could sleep in my baby arms allday 
Just hanging with my baby boy.....although he isnt a baby anymore  sniff sniff....
Dealing with a sick baby girl. She is on day 2 of a migraine. 
uhm... weird dream about babies... i THINK i miss my nephew 
@taste4theatrics  hope you're okay baby
About to take  my baby to the airport.  I will really miss him 
I wish my baby felt better so he could train for his race. 
commemorated the death of my baby cooper today  saw another one at loewy. made me sad.
Talking to my baby.  and missing my sissy really bad. 
Taking my fur baby to the dr cause she's sick  i hope they fix her
bored. nothing to do. i miss my baby 
My cousin brought her baby down to my house  she is SO cute. I want a baby right now, seriously. Right now. I need to find a girl first :p
Just got on to do college work thinking bout my baby darnell. 
@LorraineStanick I want some but am afraid my baby-stretched tummy won't fit in them!  (fantastic deal!)
my baby niece is sick and its kiling me  i hate seeing her like this
Second fabulous day of shooting BTS!! A little behind bc baby wouldn't stop crying 
Awww my poor baby girl.  She has a double ear infection 
ohh my calves are sore.  :\
Waiting at the dentist....I really hope I dont have to get an x-ray or anything....im such a baby when it comes to those 
just got back from picking the baby up and dropping her off at my mums and is now about to go to woolton with jordan. shit scared, 2 days 
A poor little baby birdy fell into our pool today! We wrapped it in a towel. it was shivering like crazy. 
@JessObsess thats so sad.  We tried to save a baby bird too, only it never hatched. 
This is like so not fair * wines like baby. 
@KidCalloway smh. awww poor baby 
Ugh I'm tired and I just want to go home!! I miss my babies 
The baby has a temperature 
Feels like the worst mum ever....I sent my little girl to daycare sick....my poor baby....i want to go get her and snuggle her 
I just attempted to rescue a baby bird. It didn't seem to want my help 
my skin makes me want to punch a baby. it's so ATROCIOUS 
Playing NASCAR 07 I miss my baby 
On my way to @ericxenxy's with soup for he is my lil sick baby  siiike life litteraly
Missing chatting with my baby - hospitals are no fun 
the snot monster has invaded!  a sick toddler = a fussy toddler who isn't sleeping well 
High as a kite but sad that someones mad at me. I love my baby!!!! 
At the hospital with the wifey...  27 wks having contractions... Too ealry for a baby   please pray
@moonfrye please pray...my ultrassound only showed a gest. sac and yolk sac but no baby yet  i'm scared and go back in 2 weeks
@fl0wbee hope you feel better baby 
3 baby hedgehogs now in care after being picked up by a dog 
gotta take my 4mth old daughter 2 get shots 2morro....poor baby 
Just woke up missin my baby n he's so far away 
twins lost  byebye metrodome, i'm through with you
@BabyMakinMachin the birth center near us does...epidurals arent for me..well before my c sections they werent..now i have no coices 
My baby my puppy left ... I had to let her go... 
At work, worrying about my poor baby girl whom we are going to have to wake-up every couple of hours tonight. 
Storm woke baby. 
I just accidently tore my baby toenail off 
I'm ready to push this baby out.. but I still have 7 weeks 
awwww my baby got a yucky cough 
awwww my baby got a yucky cough 
and my babies 
This razor is making me go crazy! I miss my baby 
missin' my baby... 
missing my baby corgi that ended up in the emergency room today  &lt;3
@lolo_rox_baby Owh babessss  well if you can come I would 100% love it. But if you can't then  debenhams have a sale on for dressesss
@johubris feel like I've left my small child behind 
@Ellectrocutie just have a sick baby  he's having trouble sleeping lately and now i'm up extra early to take my husband to work
At work, uncomfortable as my baby bump is solid and it's roasting in here!! 
I wish I was home snuggled up wit my babies 
Trying to keep the child up later so he would sleep in longer backfired. He got up at 6:30 
my baby is in surgery right now... I hated having to watch him leave me... It kills me everytime 
It's pretty sad when the life of a common housefly is more important than that of an unborn baby 
@andy_lamb Anything you want done baby, I do it naturally  
@JackiPati poor baby....and mommy, I hope he is feeling better soon. 
Taking my baby to the airport. 
just fished a dead baby bird out of the pool 
@moonfrye i had my ultrasound and they saw a sac and yolk sac but no baby..please pray that it was too early to see baby 
this is the end but baby don't you cryy! nessa hora eu sepre me acabo 
My baby -boy is sick! 
@baby_grrrl a million #TWUGS for you!  what r they doing to you?!?
@optimistic_tour that is really sad, poor babies, poor mom 
At the doctor's with my baby girl.....she's all congested 
@xbllygbsn baby, whats up? 
@_AlexaJordan poor lil muffin!!! Thats not cool baby!!  Some canolli help?
watching million dollar baby, its a tear jerker 
At the docs with my baby... He's so sick  102 fever
@NelldaMYLF it's my baby o wuv it! lol. i don't see any bb's that i like 
fussy baby  my patients is gerting tested.
Missing my baby boy  cant wait until i see him wanting to kill an ex text me 507-363-6955
So heart broken over a poor sick little baby.... 
bonjour @lindseyglenn! i can't believe you're in paris  have fun baby!
The baby has hiccups &amp;&amp; im hungry 
My baby is sick  she's cuddling with a pink unicorn http://twitpic.com/7qyw8
hoping my baby made it through the surgery okay 
It didn't even get full form  I bet that baby would've been an F3.
@give_me_a_latte my baby won't sleep on me anymore already.  sounds blissful.
worst day ever. taking A to the e.r. because hes got blood in his urine and it hurts him to pee ( poor baby 
Watching movies...missing my baby 
@alisoncxo, I don't know any babies  at all! I've never held one either. That's prolly why I'm so obssessed? Haha.
ramsie fell in the baby pool &amp;&amp; almost drowned!!!!! but i saved her, and now im freaked!!!! she looked so helpless 
 My little man is looking less like a baby and more like a toddler every day  *tear*
I just had the realization my baby girl is not a baby anymore... when did that happen? 
Missing my baby girl Already   bed time
Official update--no baby yet 
@princessherb I don't like when babies grow up though  lol
chillen at the crib bored 
@jinxedream07 i know the feeling. my dad my have been there physically for my wedding &amp; birth of babies but he was not &quot;present&quot; as usual 
4 more teeth coming in, poor baby is having such a hard time with them 
i miss my baby laptop     
@alishaisgo i hope your baby is okay 
My poor baby boy   http://twitpic.com/7s3fm
@hungrykinfolk I feel like a 3 headed step child now 
is upset at the litto tiny baby daisy 
@destinyawakened The idea of having baby scares me sometimes, you know. I mean, I want to have kids....but I don't want babies. 
i really hate living so far away from my baby.... 
absolutely scared to death of this storm right now!!!...cannot sleep anymore!!   whyyyyyyyy am i the biggest baby in the world?!
ewwww watching a baby being born on tv  gross
And I honestly can't blame them. The baby I keep in the truck kept finding them, and kept choking on them 
The baby has left the building 
omg my poor baby was hit by a cab 
turn right - totally crying... loving this song so much. balling like a baby much  this is so inspirational and amazing.
My baby goes to surgery today 
I think the babies would have slept longer if I hadn't gotten up and made noise. 
separation anxiety is setting in. wife left baby with childcare while working out. 5 secs away, but still a scary proposition  #paranoid
I'm homesick for blue grass and my baby sisters  
Today seems daunting. I have lots of homework then a long drive and hanging out with sis. And the baby has already threatened me 
@soozenw don't have any toddler sizes left 
@brittmcintyre she never talks about us anymore..  I haven't met a cool baby here yet
Once again, missing my babies 
i cant belive my baby girl has chipped her tooth on a supermarket trolley 
I miss my rat babies! 
I hate getting out of the shower to a screaming baby 
missin my baby 
trying to find a baby sitter.... it looks hopeless 
At the science center. . . No baby machine though! 
@osuheather aww, the poor baby  i'm sorry, hun!
missin my baby 
jus missn my baby 
@JOEsus crime? wtf are you talking about baby? i is confused 
found 2 baby birds yesterday 1 of them had a broken wing i think so me, my dad &amp; liv made a nest 4 them hope they r ok 
@zandra88 awww poor baby! Is she ok?! What happened? ...plz don't tell me a car 
@brookeburke That is sad about the mouse.      I raised some baby mice before.  They are so cute.
@killingdance I love thunderstorms, they just scare my baby.  
MIss mah baby!! I need some lovins 
@kretzu I didn't even feel like crying.. But reading that just made me weep like a baby. 
Teething + 2 month growth spurt = 1 unhappy mommy &amp; baby. 
Misses my baby bunny penny 
is sad I have a spider bite  I'm such a baby lol
@tee_baby *sigh* They took it for good 
My bf thinks I'm weird bc I watch youtube videos of puppies and laughing babies. 
feel free but miss my baby 
missin @jupi_baby i wanna go home 
#inaperfectworld I would live next door to my babies 
All but one of my lizard babies grew up and left me... 
My baby still mad at me he want even answer my calls or txt me back  tear!!!!!!!!!
@McBAWSE Do you need a hug baby 
http://twitpic.com/7uqsk - im shooting every bird i see for ganging up my poor baby vivica 
@dead_beat_baby I found a cute website of kittens napping for you, but when I sent it it brought you to a dif website entirely 
My baby sick 
@NikkiSAA they don't deliver to the crib 
he's not a baby anymore 
Man I need sleep like a baby needs a diaper 
Doesn't like being stuck in traffic with crying baby 
In so much pain. Couldn't take my babies to chuckie cheese 
gots a headache and baby eric's got a fever  crying fussy baby=no fun
at emilys house baby matt died!!!!! 
gosh my babies gave me the cold, now I'm worse than them 
This dog next to me needs an asthma pump...poor baby 
@leesasaur haha slobbery baby saliva... i love it. rain? no its gone 
killing babies isnt fun - aunt tara pleaseee stay stronng. baby louie stay strong ! 
PS I have the best boyfriend in the entire world. He is so amazing in every way. *muah* baby I love you! okay now I'm getting off. 
@ashley_baby13 Sadly studying. 
I hate leaving the baby to cry in her crib  too much of a softy
damnit, my baby's phone died.  going to bed now, i suppose. goodnight.
@paula721 poor baby.   I could never be a mommy.  that would break my heart.
I wish i knew Spanish-my parents never taught me. I only know baby words 
I miss my baby gauges.  the dyke waitress has big ones!
..and i don't know how to let you in or let you go..i'm so vulnerable. hold me now..please baby don't let me down. 
Missing my wife and baby boy 
Rahimo and mymo... missing u babies 
All y'all wit good baby mommas please don't take that for granite, wish I had a good 1 
#dontyouhate abortion? when women kill their babies? it's sad... 
@baby_m702 you cant go on the internet while on a plane...apparently theres a new law 
my baby is sick 
So went to the movies with sheryll &amp; Jayden and the guy at the ticket booth said why would you want to see that movie it horrible 
@here4cheer oh no!!!!     nobody can take the ice from you.....  it's like your baby.
off to reffing to much of my disgust I miss out on seeing cuzz  I perfer to be with my baby girl and having a sleep
missin my baby. 
17lb baby taking over my bed  oh well.  She's luck she's so damn cute
@kriscruz aww that's not too far from me. I wanna see you  I miss your baby face
@ladi_chi That was some poor infants pet 
I just finished looking at old pictures of my babies &amp; family...kinda sad 
@lesbiANN I was outside w the babies and didn't take my phn 
@vinoroma baby x sleeps from 8pm to 8:30am! She slept through crane. I didn't 
@KellyRuthxo ooh that'll be nice! I want mine baby pink 
That being said. I'd really want to go see year one and the hangover. It's hard to get to the movies when you have a tiny baby. 
has a sore throat and a sick baby 
Is missing his 6m old baby boy julian. 
fell asleep on there couch but i loved babysitting havent got to hold a baby in a long time, made me want kids 
@ home with a sicky baby girl!! 
I just saw a dead baby alligator 
I just saw a dead baby alligator on the side of the road 
We just passed fat baby's catfish house  I'll miss you delicious ribs and okra
got to go baby sit! i know its my birthday but i have too its sucks 
baby shower today...and not of the 4-legged variety 
On my way to the dentists ugh and i dont have aaliyah.... aww i miss my baby 
@TizzySizzleberg Awww. U no feel good, baby? 
con mi baby brother.. He's leaving.. I'm so sad 
@kathreneforyou both baby bunnies are dead 
Awww I miss my babies 
@psprkl @sdoyon It's bad for their little baby ears 
i rescued three baby birds yesterday, now i'm not too sure what to do with them   their mommy needs to come get them
ALMOST adopted the baby dachsund. 
i guess i am just wishing this deployment and having a baby were alot easier, starting to feel like a failure 
@claire_elise1 awww poor baby! 
is bummed that her baby is sick 
One of the baby cockatiels got ou of it's cage and flew off. I hurt my toe chasing after it. Now I am sad. 
At my first ever baby shower.  I've already been asked why I'm not married 
damn...i missin both my babies 
Just ran over baby ducks on long pond 
@justnoonie oh no  please watch this for next son http://tinyurl.com/dmaj9k healings for baby...
@firedancertat no nesting for you then.  just gotta percolate that baby til she's ready
My babys just left all alone    **RiCe &amp; BeAnS**
I think the babies are intrigued my terror - now there are ~4 climbing on me 
baby shows on the discovery health channel make me cry... but then again now-a-days just about anything makes me cry! 
My baby cousins are growing up too fast 
Oh no. She is crying.  also i think they are going to my house. So fussy baby all day
My baby is sick 
My baby is sick 
I miss my babies already 
i miss having a tiny baby that i didnt get tired from carrying.   forgot the stroller and decided to go shopping. she's sleep.
@azuriscaine my dad. And my baby girl.  *Where words fail music speaks*
my puppy is sick  pooor baby.
@puhterodactyls there's a baby blue jay stuck in a tree behind my house crying for his mommy  it's heartbreaking.
... however, I did not like the woman on the train feeding her baby CHIPS 
@ikkyg wow that was such an interesting post..the crying babies makes me goes  *im just obsessed to babies ahaha*
@chibi_trillian that article... i cried like a baby reading it 
@lesfun4u  I'm so sad I wanted u to meet the worlds sexiest baby! Lol
@pdurham All good although. baby sister has toothache and has cried for 10 hours straight 
ChaCha'ers hate babies.         (lol!)
@ddlovato i love u to death baby but ughhhhhhhhhhhh. *sigh* if your happy.... 
I have cabin fever but my baby boy is sick so no b-day party for us  I don't wanna be in bed all dayyyy
now she's sitting on the steps, crying. awwww poor baby 
This sucks. I want my baby to come home. 
and with that...I'm off to tend to a sick baby 
hosed down the baby in the tub to get flea poison off her, god she was even starting to molt 
My child is not a beach baby   She cried in the water clinging to me for dear life and will not walk in the sand. This poses a problem.
i hate to see so down, oh baby 
@pocketjay awww poor babies, you guys are still stuck there 
My baby cat is sick   I don't know what's wrong with him!
is so over this baby bump 
@worshipmeonly Too bad that all the good I'm pregnant/ I have a baby stores were already used by others 
Ive been forgetting to update since I had my baby girl on 5/25...sorry 
doll babys mom won't let her and she has a concious she won't even go rolling 
http://twitpic.com/7z4oy - having mad wookie withdrawals  miss my little baby
@gameaholic787:  Cheer up, baby cakes! Everything okay?
Missing baby daddy... 
They came for the babies already 
@bengeeb  baby i keep trying...but you spurn my clubs  ~beau~
I miss my baby boys so much!  i hope they r havin a good time wit their daddy
wishes that the baby birds under our patio would stop falling out of their nest 
Laying in bed and texting, haha. I'm going to sleep though; so exhausted and I miss my babies.  'Night.
I miss my babies!!! A mamma shouldn't be away from her babies at night 
uhgg  stupid 9 to 5. I am doing laudnry, having a drink, cleaning a little and dreaming about my new bed almost here. next paycheck baby.
Has a screaming child &amp; a hangover 
@russy_baby I was at club one tonightt. I wanted to see you  there's always next wknd lol
I miss my baby; I know he's sleep @ his grandma house missin his mommy 
Yes Christian I'm ready to blow. But not you...sorry baby 
My baby broke her ass 
I want my baby to be at my side now 
@yilz hehe! that's for the future, no baby just yet 
Doesn't wanna go to work and leave her baby at home.. 
ugh, i have such a bady belly-ache 
 aww I just saw a decapitated baby dear on the side of the road that made me sad.
Everything will change between you and me when the baby comes.. 
ughhh...my mom's making me go to babies r us  
Is crying like a baby. I want him back  I was feeling off in school then I saw him and he gave me a big hug. Now he's gone.
One of the two newborn kittens ive had to nurse with the bottle might die  im sad.
I need mittens now....ive been tearing myself uo like a baby 
@hushiefan90 that girl is too young to be so obsessive about babies, if she's serious. I hope she doesn't do something she'll regret 
@Thisisbob every second i love that baby. But the friends could have stayed at home. Lol they are taking up my time with the baby 
trying to figure out why my babies is crying right  now.....its not easy when they cant talk  yet 
YAY! my baby feeling a little better!! i hate when she sick and i cant take care of her  ull be home soon!
Taking Jayden to the doctor....daycare has exposed her to infections 
My baby has pneumonia  no wonder why she has been miserable
is it time to go yet....all this discouraging chatter about whack baby daddies...this ish will keep a girl single 
Taking my baby to the airport.  Cryingness  
Missing my baby so much. I'm sorry for acting weird these past few days 
@coreydance I'm sowwy work sucks today baby boy  At least I came by and visited!! How 'bout I forgot to buy extensions...ugh.
I am super tired and my sweet baby girl has a viral infection 
@Shezfunkiie i sowiie  bad me !! its a girl her name is kyana (kigh-ana) the baby shower is july 12th were debatin on two places before
Shots = a not happy baby. 
@christina_82 I know - not surprised though as she does f all! They probably wouldn't do anything would they  The poor baby 
@IAmSnakeyMan that troll is vile, poor baby  xx
I really need to stop watchin movies that make me cry like a baby 
@jkalea  not our child i hope!
@ashley_baby13 That sounds painful! 
my lil 2 yr old grandaughter is sick....laid on my lap all day long...poor baby! 
Wondering if 7 is the new 13, all I do is deal with major attitude and dirty looks and talking to myself, I miss the newborn stage 
 i was go the middle of watching 'strong baby' by seungri and the stupid power went out.
tired. worried. and missing my baby 
I feel like ickyness...  plus my baby kitty is sick which makes it worse....
I look like a lost child 
@youngobama ok baby! damn son just ate the last piece  sorry
I've been trying to please a fussy baby all day long 
@jameschapman1 They have twins and sextuplets But sadly, they just announced that they are getting a divorce. Has really made me sad 
@happylilcloud I know your pain; the Muppet Babies can't be released on dvd because of all the movie footage they used 
i miss my baby in japan 
dj's paw is still messed up &amp; my mom doesn't want to take him to the vet, &amp; i don't have the $130 necessary. i'm so worried about my baby 
I am so sorry I crunched you with the car, baby turtle. 
All I want to do is hold my baby but my c section pain is bringing me down  when does it get better?? 
@rafiss HEY do not her a craptop, she's my baby. but now she's dying.  anyways, enjoy egypt! it's mad chill there.
is having a proud moment!just watched my baby girl pedaling her tricycle on her own for the 1st time!aww shes all growned up 
My baby ain't been gone 24 hours and I miss my son already 
stalking fb photos of someone who just had a baby- this is so unreal to me- i'm soooo behind    awsdlksdljasd
I just watched my baby boy get circumsized.  
baby's gotten worse, crying now with his feedings. probably reflux  booo. i thought breastfed babies dont have as much reflux!
@KishaLynn oh no.  well, whatever you need, baby. I gots a heavy bass.
feels that baby is drunk as he never call me  http://plurk.com/p/13bise
misses his baby off to work  the joys but gotta make some dollar
@joeymcintyre can't wait to hopefully see you guys tonight.  friend is preggo last show before baby &amp; we don't have tix &amp; are low on cash 
has a sick baby  
@DonnieWahlberg *TWUG!* I needed a twug too, I was supposed to come to the show tonight but my aunt is having her baby so I can't 
awww by babygirl graduated from 4+ primary next year shes not a baby nomore   lol
@asd99 poor baby  ....you could be melting at work....i'm so hot, my arms are sticking to my desk!!
Miguelita and her baby, the boeing 787 dreamliner, have been delayed...she is sad and disappointed.  
Hoping my baby feels better soon  I love him!!! @--&gt;----
i really need my boyfriend!  eric, love ya baby
stupid twitpic &amp; i frog won't let me post pics  needless to say 5k 27 mins yeah baby #twitfit
@lolo_rox_baby  I know!
I want a baby sooo bad.  
@djlimelightz awwww...::baby voice:: him got cavities... 
Me and @PeytonCameron just watched a baby bird fall from the nest  we wanna help it, he was trying so hard to get up!
@ericaamaya oh no! baby animals need to stop getting sick. 
sad because my dumb dog just killed a baby bird that fell out of it's nest. and my mom and i had to try and put it back in. but it died. 
@sadieharris yep, our baby is gone i really don't wanna go over now  its empty without her
@anoony piss off u didnt like my baby pictures 
i cant wait for my sister to get home from the hospital! i miss her, and her baby does too. 
The baby cat keeps sniffing me suspiciously. I think she wants to poo on me 
spending time with my baby girl...before she goes off to college. 
Feels like a baby moo cow!!!! 
Just saw a baby bird that tried to take flight and broke his leg by my car. He just sat there and chirped  where's his mama!?!?
@lizcerda hahah omg i was saying that as i was taking the picture too  i still want the monkey leash baby behind me
ran outta baby wipes  ...does anybody know how good is it to whipe with baby wipes after a #2 [ ? ] ...man. so fresh so clean [ ! ]
http://twitpic.com/88jhk - so hard to leave my babies behind 
workin, wishin I was home with my baby! 
i just hit a cat on hw 80 going 60 mph.  and i cried like a baby.
wife's sleepin'. baby's sleepin'. why can't i? 
One old best friend just had a baby, another just got engaged. Where have i been during these huge occurances? 
taking care of a toddler with a fever...poor baby 
I miss my birdy quaily baby    hope she's doing ok at home!
my baby is getting old  he had a breathing attack and scared me. makes me want to cry.
Finally going to bed...   my baby is in the other room in his crib,  too big for the bassinet now... So sad, i miss him being right n ...
I want a baby chick! but I don't want it to turn into a chicken 
@liananicole ; i wasn't loved as a child 
Its hard to sleep when my pillow still smells like my baby but he's not here  me no likey
 I miss all my babies back home. Someone cuddle me via esp!
Just ran over 2 baby racoons. If it were an adult i wouldnt care bc theyre mean but no it was 2 cute fluffy babies  wtf were the walki ...
up all night ..baby had her injections ..poor little thing 
is laying in bed with a vomiting child for the past 2 hours. this sucks! poor baby 
Lol woo, sway sway baby is on now &lt;33 i miss the old ep onee . 
@LeeGoesMwah I don't, I just work with blood and urine from the pregnant women! No cute babies for meee 
 no ones talkin to me  my baby boyfriend is asleep D;D; im sad
My poor baby is still has a fever of 102  daddy is staying home with him  
@mommie2oo6 i hope kenny's okay. poor little baby. 
missin my baby!!  in class til 5!!
hopes i dont have strep &amp; my hubby can come take care of our baby boy 
All seven kittens are still missing. I just hope nothing bad happened to my babies 
eek must loose baby weight!!!!!! NO clothes to wear at all 
@Ces_Creatively pale baby blue .... 
my scion baby needs new kicks asap 
@lauraserrato @kaya781 @jesstx not trying to pop a bubble....but if I'm prego or have a baby....next year won't seem possible for us 
@AMomTwoBoys no live baby viewings for you then 
baby found in shoebox   http://bit.ly/11UwJD
Is very bored. The internet is down and she doenst get sevice in that room so i cant talk to my baby  _je t'aime_
I missed you Statsoc.  I missed my Exte babies!  
takin care of my baby shes sick 
@ambercantrell  i hope he'll be ok baby!xxxxx
sleeping in the living room tonight w baby!!!! love baby to the max. throat very itchyyy  *sneeze*
going to my little sisters 8th grade graduation...its so sad she's not a baby anymore 
well......had the midwife today and the evil evil woman gave me my anti d jab which hurt like hell  but its all for the baby. i think  ...
joey is super sick  he breaths heavily and is very weak. he's sleeping in mommy's bedroom atm
eating . i want back - baby, It's fact 
omg farrah fawcett  i just watched her documentary a few days ago, was bawling like a baby
@charmermark that's the photo when you parked in the parent and child bah. hahaha 
@hayl3s not problemed just a child 
snuggling in bed with my little baby....ahhhh! 
Just booked @leawoodward and I in for 4D baby scan tomorrow - very exciting - can't wait to see our little girl 
@FacebookAdTips  oooh I just worked it out    the babies!  Thanks!
has washed her baby aerox, i think a nice scoot in the sunshine would be perfect about now 
@scottbird slightly, it's the special type of weakness when your only exercise is picking up a 12lb baby. 
@kristahearne im praying baby girl  ill be there soon
I must be getting old - I'm getting better at buying baby shower/baby gifts  I used to panic &amp; ask moms for advice.
My new baby   http://tinyurl.com/d3wfes
@Wyldceltic1 yes me too. I love the baby 
loved the fast and the furious 4 baby! 
flew in to say hi~ hoping everyone is well!now off to check on baby chinese dwarf hamsters... 7 of them 
@squawkfox We just had a baby, so we're super busy with everything 
watching hubs dress the baby... what adorable boys 
Eating soup after subway. Fatass? I think so. With the baby. &lt;3 
hanging with my baby brothers 
is looking forward to her baby shower tomorrow! 
getting ready to watch the angels vs the twins 
@Aractor hooray for drunkenness! Just don't make no babies 
@reyeuro oh no no no were not having a baby!!! omg haha too soon hahaha no no we went to a baby shower today 
is proud of herself for NOT crying while watching my baby love leave for the prom! 
playing with jared he is the happiest cutest baby ever! 
zac efron said sweet baby jesus! I loved seventeen again 
@TFAAcidStorm Aw, but the twins are fun! ^.^ I'm sure you'd like them if you got to know them. 
home from the hot tub and ready to sleep like a baby until church 
My baby did a lot of housework today and I shampooed the carpets, house is lookin good 
I'm so excited that our baby hooters are getting initiated today 
GOODNIGHT!!!!!!! My godson baby showers 2morrow 
@brianike I love your tweets!  Congrats on the baby girl 
@AriesVenusStarr ahaha yeahh baby! 
@adrianhow i'm sure baby ryan is the best alarm clock 
baby you're my light 
back briefly while putting baby to sleep ;) i did dishes while gone and danced around with ipod 
*wished I could sleep in for once* awake, missin my baby!! 
@chilled35 I'm in caerphilly. About mile or so from where they go bowling!! and I was born in the hostpital where ness has the baby 
@sway_sway_baby yeah probebly 
@micamonkey he taught me writing.. When I was a wee child 
Our new baby boy @jangelo congratulations angelo!!!! 
@panders47 watch these babies grow.......tomato microblogwatch starts now!  http://twitpic.com/3lljt
taking care of cute babies. 
going to a baby shower 
went for a 7 mile run but got out run by 2 baby lambs, hahahha 
@scooby867 hey lovely hows it going then? Just been to see a new baby very sweet 
i groom was crying right we he walked it!that was cute!  my cousin's dress was amazing! and u couldnt notice her little baby bump lol 
you let her know whos boss baby 
Attending thatonegrandpa.com 's baby shower  @frank3d
is twittin' while my baby girl sleeps 
@flaminglamb delicious! And at least you've not gotten tot he point of making voodoo dolls 
@laurakim123 Congrats to you and your baby! 
Awee my baby boy is getting big! !0 pounds 10 ounces 
filter that baby bump that track 
's going to take a break... A workmate brought some &quot;tortillas de patata&quot; and more delicious things to celebrate she had a baby 
Is buying another baby pressie! 
Having my late lunch with baby hippo @ Pancious. I think it's going to be rain 
@ddilsiz i was rite next to your bus baby 
laying in bed with a sick but still happy baby 
@codinghorror Babies definitely have interesting ways of letting us know that we need to take care of the business in their diaper.  
 the baby's cute &amp; pink o_o
Hoping these 2 baby rascals will take their naps so I can get some reading done 
Hot pockets, spongebob, peanut butter candy, poopy diapers, whining baby, and english home work = my day 
yall can also see a pic of my baby sheep or as i call it a lamb but its name is taytur that is how i spell it 
ahh...finally some peace &amp; quiet! the baby is asleep &amp; the hubby is working  time to catch up on my internet
@iantalbot lol. When I was a child, I was not only fed but also educated. So it's natural to me even if it' s used against me 
@JarradNelson good plan... it'll be like taking candy from a baby! 
My baby always makes me feel better without even doing anything 
ooh baby dont you know i suffer oh baby can you hear me moan? 
Haha i love you karissa!! And u maya baby!  fanks
Tucking in all my babies  3 down 1 barley hanging on.
@spartan707  welcome to twitter, baby  
@MacTipsDaily pretty sure doc said 'if you're really worried take a baby aspirin' 
Spending time with 2 kittens, a puppy, chickens and a baby calf. This is why I like it in the country 
baby shower tomorrow...hubby home 4 wks...awww.  
@tarshamans  I always thought li' bro was a baby shack.. that badge seals the deal 
watchn hughesy on before the game and congrats on his new baby!  x
@tommcfly it is wierd. but babies r so cute 
@MobayPrinCess lol lol lol lol.....well.....come gimme my babies and i show you what you likey  lol
Getting excited for my baby shower today 
just got home from boni heights.. i had so much fun! wet and wild baby! 
http://twitpic.com/4efrg - I'll be your baby-sitter today 
@LoveODT have fun at the baby shower!!  those are so much fun!!  
eating some donutssss! shower, getting ready, calling my baby, going home to get ready for this hair businessss!,text 
@sardun I know  I never get to do &quot;nothing&quot;! But I think I might try to run some baby-free errands too. Its soo much easier by myself!
A beautiful baby boy joined my wife and I today. 7lbs 4oz. All recovering well.  http://twitpic.com/4epbs
back to back baby-sitting...love it!  
aww little baby freya is soooo cute!! what a little sweetheart 
''NOBODY puts baby in the corner!'' 
@bobbryar hello, bob! i've mssed you like tons, dude! how've you been? how's yr little baby? 
@thebrandbuilder mmm... we get whole grain newtons for the baby... sometimes he gets a couple.. 
@Cozz awww thanks baby!  ill try to keep it entertaining enough for ppl and will def follow those you suggested 
Waiting for my mom to fall asleep so I can get back on aim and see my beautiful baby girl! I miss seeing you baby girl 
http://twitpic.com/4gvdm - hard to believe we are twins 
@kyubikitsy  I was wondering do you still have the anpan &amp; nemu chibi plushies? I wanted to get another one for my baby cousin. thanks 
Just a baby step! I miss you 
ahh the sun is shining...revision is calling...on the roof me thinks...thanks to @god_of_biscuits for your company baby...it was nice 
Is also very excited about @RellyAB's baby shower today, and is going to scheme with @natbat in a little bit 
@sewdarnsimple a baby quilt sounds fun too! 
just watched Seven Pounds, omg i was crying like a baby. glorious film 
had a great vacation! yeah baby! 
Daily photo of my baby.  http://twitpic.com/4hbk6
@dommasch yeah baby! 
@Nishawrites LOOVE the pics!  That baby pic of your brother's a hoot!
hittn the books w D baby 
Just saved 7 baby ducks stuck in a sewage drain. I feel all warm and fuzzy now 
@christiinn aweee baby mamma, i hope tomorrow is better for you 
http://twitpic.com/4iycm  -my baby girl (niece)  she has my heart
@lepetithibou please don't! let the babies make it-- they don't even know how to text 
hello twit babies 
has a food baby in her belly from too much wimpy's and panda expresssssss blah. watchin movies later with a cute boy 
@okaycaceface you are always my little rockstar, baby. SNNNEEEARRRP! 
@CuzImSOOOCool lol..yeaa baby..ive always longed for u 
My sweet child of mine   http://twitpic.com/4j7ld
@tonystark206 I created a monster! bwahaha! oh, and I got your baby home safe and sound. 
@DHughesy awww cuuuute  Newborns are so fun!
The pushing has started, not long before a new #starwarsday baby is born 
@AlicePalice thanks lovely, will let you know when its up and ready! The baby havs are gorgeous, I want something to put in them  x
watching my tiny nephew  perfect baby
@davechapman A new baby? How exciting  Congrats in advance 
http://twitpic.com/33hus that's my baby 
@DAChesterFrench DAMMIT. I guess my baby daddy is some impostor then...i kid, i kid 
@LadyFarrahGiano how's the baby fever  
The wife gets stung by a bee and she has been acting like i big ass baby ever since and this was about 5 hours ago.  lol what a baby. 
had a nice time with her little sister...baby is all grown up 
I work all day tomorrow, followed by a date with tits, So Jayden and I gave my mom her mother's day gifts at midnight. She cried. 
An extra night in pasadena with sergi baby cuz i 'missed' my train to riverside 
happy mamas day to all the baby mamas... and the baby mamas mamas 
@xxBigOakxx you are a good child. 
Talking to amber... showtime baby 
2am feedings for the baby are fun when he is all smiles and coos 
i'm varnishing my nails baby-blue now... 
on a sunny walk round the lake this morning we met a mother goose and father goose and five baby goslings 
looking at baby pictures  
Looking at my baby pics  I was fierce back then
@dollydolful there is only one hot milo in this world baby 
My baby boy just took my breakfast plate to the sink for me - all on his own! I had to put it in the sink because he's only 18 months 
Aijah is excited for the new baby to come  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/993776
Its amazing to see four adults standing around a little baby less than two days old and being satisfied just watching him sleep 
@carolynundead CHEESE  theres a retarded baby downstairs
Enjoying the little spider baby just dancing around in my belly 
is happy for my baby's momma! 
Babies are cute...when they aren't yours and you give them back. 
@kodilyn when I'm having a baby, you can pounce because although I know a significant amount already..I would LOVE to know more! 
jst left the hospitaL finally--the babies are good 
vibin at the crib w// cooka-- waiting for my platano 
@WhirlwindMuse I am a true child of the 80's! 
feeling the cute little baby bump.. 18 weeks and so far so blissful 
@ItalyJames dreaming is good baby it keeps u alive !  
@sheqel baby spinach also works a treat 
Off into town to buy some bits for baby, and stuff for my hospital bag.  Laters 
Chillen with my baby and watching tv and i love her 
I seriously need a baby monitor. Lol! 
ooh baby baby it's a wild world. 
Just got back from shopping; with my baby then out doing whatever 
huntington with baby balugaaa! 
watching cry baby soon! 
@Azlen thats good to hear... other than cranky baby 
@Tyrese4ReaL ok goodnight baby boy 
@xDirtyBurdx yeah they just had babies aswell they are SO cute lol 
@whskr Thanks so much!  I LOVE being a mom to these 2 babies!
sooo good....baby close the door ill show u wats in store 
ILYSM dear my big baby 
loving having her baby belly and really believes in fate 
my baby boy's eyes are rolling 2the bak of his head ! he's trying his hardest 2fite it HAHA . rest my sweet child - i love you 
Everyone has gone out apart from next door's baby so i could get some sleep 
picking up my baby....then park.....and chocolate ginger icecram! yummy 
@technotetris from sway sway baby .. not ALL 
I want a taco and i need to take my baby stopping pill 
I'm making good looking babies 
@KristienAntwerp thanks for the link to the webcam. The baby elephant is so cute!!! 
@Juuth nothing wrong until you decide you want a baby 
baby shower today 
@mollieduvall *hugs*  welcome to growing up baby girl!  welcome to growing up.  if you need to talk, find me.
cap'n crunch, cleaning and laundry. @papiiloco THINKS she's taken my baby to get tortured, she's mistaken. 
gettin ready for graduation baby!!! 
@rina_baby_07 good morninggg 
I hope you stay beautiful baby  On our way home and then a baby shower later.
isaac let me nap! good baby! 
@GossipGirlXx I am confident but i still have my moments .. baby thats just me!  hahaha .. ... 
@claudiamcfly nonsense but later, i won't be able to reach over the massive food baby i have right now 
@lilyroseallen that baby elephant is looking right at you 
day full baby giggles 
@ina_baby thanx crissy 
At a baby shower with my bitches. 
seeing what this is all about...and watching travis put together baby furniture 
going to lay out with my mommy  and maybe joey..?
sooooooooooooooo happy to be done with that dang baby! 
@bundle2baby yes indeed 
the wiggles are fun when you have a baby 
@PrinceRedd hey baby am i crazy or was u giving me the eye, u said maybe well u crazy 
Celebrating 2 perfect months with my baby @KrispySwiggs    
sprained my wrist in a pillow fight, sheeeshhh! baby drugg`n then sleep I go. 
listening to sway sway baby  LOVEE LOVEE LOVEE that song!!!
back home, back to being a mommy. yep, finally with my baby boy  btw @marynunez, that day is jaurel's baptism.
@Disashi: just like you know you're a mommy or daddy when you have that hip that automatically sticks out like you're supporting a baby? 
@pink_skittles aww your baby is friggn awsome &amp; cute 
@mrsgiggs ahh, was going to ask if you're going to do a cukur rambut for the twins, so we can officially visit you. 
I should be out of the house by now, and my mum treats eddy like a bloody baby sometimes. rah 
I'm positive this isn't where I thought I'd be at 34 when I was a child! 
http://www.wolframalpha.com/ ... web 3.0 baby, yeah 
@OhioRealtor I am* that baby squirrel.   I'm inspired now, somebody lay me down a backpack... please?  
In case anyone was wondering @Mickali has the cuddling championship won.  Cuddling with @Mickali.
@yungmulababy..wow!!  thank u, baby...mwa!! 
lookin at a tiny baby :O wow its totally small and cute haha Carleys baby 
@tfsl82 come back, come back! drag michelle and the twins along with you! 
@ashleigh92 baby, you wont fail, youve already got a C  and i will defo ring you at lunch  i love you xxx
has just got outa the shower and is geatting ready for lunchtime with my babies   xxx
baby, you will get a B, your smart enough too  i love you xxx
@jasimmo I'm pregnant with twins 
@manolith that baby looks nice, Sugacoat it with pink and it's good to go! 
new sway sway baby is on nova 96.9!!! 
rock, baby! rock, baby! into the night. 
@alroker my baby is waving back to all your people out in the plaza.  He thinks they're waving to him on the tv.  haha cute 
http://fuckyeahanimalswithcasts.tumblr.com/ because baby animals are stupid 
@Artfullife4 thank you so much for the shout out-- we're doing bunny binkies because of you!! 
I need new clothes. I think I might have to take the baby shopping with me 
@chad_baby lets go kill 
@alydenisof gllad to hear baby wasn't scared by earthquake, hope she's letting you guys get some sleep, &amp; hot food  these days 
@lyssaa ooh. And it's so awesome you got to hold a newborn! 
@avayakate thank you.    don't know how inspirational I'll be after baby #2, but I'm gonna try!  I would just take what the bottle says.
we will always... however this chick loves her man. indeed i do. smile baby, you're on candid camera  see ya soon.
@BHBADDEST lol...all i seen was my baby peanut 
OoOo...tOniGht jUs keEps gettin better...keep it comin baby  gladly gettin it...wide awake for the cake baby
in maths with zoe looking at baby names 
@ambergoetz my 5 months baby sometimes snores and it's super dooper cute 
@clanravencub Thanks! She's a baby girl though, but it's okay, it confirms that she really looks like me 
babe? baby? 
YES! just 2 to go baby 
back from the gynecologist... we are having' a baby girl! 
Just watched both robins on the nest feeding the baby birds 
my baby takes such good care of me.. yellow roses are my new favorite  happy friday everyone!
@xsweetlukex Lol, weirdo. I'm just being a baby. I'll be fine. 
My mom just kissed me on the cheek.  Aww, still a baby )
has just booked the skydive for baby george - SPONSERSHIP PLEAE 
@ShanteRowland i'm good too  how are the babies?
@batasrki what ever srdjy baby! It's the tits which ever way you spell it 
goodluck today baby boy! you'll do fine 
@kirajones yep I think there may be one or two around.We found a baby h/hog a few years ago tangled up in some netting (we saved him)cute 
Going to see john's sister's baby 
@tracksforhire  well go to bed   and kiss that baby girl one more time 
I love my baby rat.  She's adorable &lt;3
@baby_dino LOLLL! i see how you can infer it being a tranny with my wording, but no, wrong. and the story telling ends there 
@smackthis hey baby! 
@REALalwilliams band boy and I are now engaged and im pregnant with his babies. thanks sooo much for setting us up last night 
my zia had a baby girl! not the only granddaughter anymore 
I get to see my baby tonight 
thank you kene for the baby book! and auntie is so funny lur! 
i want my  sweet  sexy  baby 
is pretty sure that the baby is stealing my oxygen....only 3 more moths left!!! ohhhhhhh boy 
exams are over baby! 
@ Jaderade_ pretty sure I'm so excited for my baby shower... argh and I get to see you 
sometimes... i am a wild child. i just now realized this 
welcome to tweet tweet baby  
Holding a sleeping baby 
w/my baby jrichhh  goodnight
@ChrisMastermind rock a bye baby on the tree top 
Being an auntie is pretty awesome. The baby and I took a nap today 
@fatboy951 &quot;@datxboii good night my baby.... I miss you&quot;  Awww....I love it!!  
@jilliandanner oh, baby I would never let @tippyat steal you away from me!! I totaaly want you to adopt me! 
@calbo belated congrats on baby! As a mother of four I can honestly say, thank god it's not me. 
@ClareBowditch the discovery of  tim minchin  two child friendly songs - 'canvas bags' and 'its mine' 
i really need a baby. it gets boring wen i wake up early. with a baby around il have my hands full.  wont be bored. ever and i love kids 
@loumali yes cavs baby 
@cyrill_co_uk  I think bear is far more affectionate sounding for a baby than medved but then again, I'm just an American 
@angeladriana Congratulations!! I'll be praying for you and your baby and your husband too! 
http://twitpic.com/665gx - coco baby sleeping... so cute. 
@thedancingkK @sabiii0902 its twitter baby 
prom night dumpsta baby and foot wrestlin with gavin 
@andyclemmensen text me! +6597881990 i wants a sway sway baby ringtone 
@himynameisrose it was about getting a free sway sway baby ringtone 
@peacelovetylr Ah you told him to go f his mom ah lol o baby that give me an idea i'm so about to post insults 
