Most common words for this cluster:
[('back', 1469), ('home', 159), ('tomorrow', 124), ('day', 118), ('work', 106), ('today', 101), ('time', 77), ('weekend', 59), ('amp', 57), ('night', 55), ('school', 51), ('week', 51)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Back', 0.9393714070320129), (u'Jim_Essian_replaced', 0.6290205717086792), (u'NEWSWEEK_Cover', 0.618046760559082), (u'Roars_Back', 0.6138125061988831), (u'Out', 0.6087386608123779), (u'Shaddick_repeats', 0.6059404015541077), (u'Antiwar_Protesters', 0.6051731705665588), (u'in._www.mtvpress.com', 0.5982798933982849), (u'TigsTown_Roundtable', 0.5969605445861816), (u'LunchTimeWaster', 0.5963292717933655)]





So Im done editing &quot;The Phipstape&quot;. Back 2 crack a brew and see what we got............. no trees though 
Back to classic rainy Amsterdam days 
Back at :work, have to go to ::Zeist in a minute. But want to stay here to do some work 
Back from Bangalore, Missed dancing with a handsome wonderfully smiling foreigner  
Back from France, with a ridiculous amount of food, but could have bought tons more. The visit made me miss living there so much 
Back at work .... I am so upset my mom's puppy chewed up my Twilight book while I was sleeping and I just bought it last night    
Back home - wish I was still in Cabo  http://twitpic.com/2yj1i
Will tweet more diligently after exams. Back to studying 
Back in Stoke on my lonesome  Only two weeks to go though. And then I shall be freeeeeeeeee 
Back From Work..Was A Longggggg Day..Have A Headache.. 
@NHLBlackhawks Did you listen to Back in the Saddle?? 
While the Sun has hit hat on. I'm developing a Blimmin Cold and Stuck in Bed. Back to some hardcore DVD watching, and another night in 
Back accchhhe super bad!  not the film Superbad, it's aching superly bad :S Ok really bad  I've confused myself.
Back from Urgent Care.  Daughter broke her finger yesterday at softball practice.  We thought it was just jammed . . . 
What a day! Recording from 10 till 5 and some design this evening! Back to the studio at 9 tomoro!! I need a lie in 
Back in Paris under the rain 
#readathon  Cheered on another 10!  You all are doing great so far.  Back to grading papers.  
is about to leave Tx.  Back to the real world! UGH
Watching fist of Zen! Had the laziest day, done nothing but watch movies and eat BK. Back to Uni tomoro 
Back to schooling tomorrow, pre-police course at TAFE. Lookin forward to meeting class mates, not lookin forward to 8:30am start in city 
Back in Economics hell. 
Back at boring derby today  miss you guys already. Think I'll go to the gym later, then go shopping!!
Enjoying the F1 whilst updating FS profiles. Back to work tomorrow 
Is now on the piccadilly line after landing at 9am. Left 30 mins late landed on time. Back to work tomorrow. 
Back home. Bought a cute pink dress for my girl and found out that all my followers have dissapeared. 
Back home to the Frozen North. Am hoping @Podgod will get the munchkins today, but I think it'll be tomorrow 
Back to reality tomorrow, two weeks off flew in Dang nab it!  One last day of freedom will be used wisely... first things first - DINNER!
Back to school tomorrow after two weeks holliday  Currently writing an essay on the Glass Menagerie. Rivetting stuff ;)
Back from Berlin. It was really nice, but we needed more time! 
Back from spain! Man, England sucks 
Back at Reading and settling into some much needed revision 
Back from bonny Scotland, and not looking forward to work next week 
Back to reality tomorrow. Ahhh, fuck. Gotta wake up early 
Back from a fab day at Tara's wedding yesterday. Now trying to deny all knowledge of school in the morning 
Back to the grind: tried to get up early this morning but I was exhausted. Will get an early night tonight though: school tomorrow 
Last day of Spring Break.  Yankees then reading for Real Estate class.  Back to school tomorrow night.  
@domcoke Actually that was an understatement, Back in Amiga days I programmed in assembler straight onto processor, try that with PC 
Back from the Lake District and missing it already 
Back at the hospital, but all I really want is to get away and eat BBQ. I can't tho, and all there is here is crisps and shit coffee. 
Leaving the beach.  Back to reality. Humph!
Back home - I miss Franz 
Back in Chi - all on my own 
Have 2 Go Back 2 Skl 2moro 
Taking Tater Back Today 
Back to School Tomoz ,Exam First Thing 
Sore Back 
Back to studying. Boooo 
Back from Oxford. Not looking forward to school 
Back from a lovely day out in Greenwich. Unfortunately our only souvenir was a parking ticket 
Back to work tomorrow . Less time to tweet. 
Greets everyone. Great weekend? Having some coke 'n chips. Couch potato ;) Back to work tomoz 
Back in Cbus, too much work 
Holidays Over  Back to school tomorrow (N) Gone really quick. Maths and History to do. OH NO
Back at Uni (finally) and feeling all sad and mopey. I didn't get to see my mum enough this holiday 
Back and forth. Awesome. Missing most of the Penguins game. Damn... 
Back at my desk working. Sunny and beautiful day. Don't feel like working tho.    LOL
Was in the rift valley this wknd...amazing scenery&amp;variety! Check it out on www.journeykenya.com. Back at work now 
Why god why? Back to work after a great Easter break. Mornings hurt 
I had a good birthday, but now it's time for bed. Back to jury duty at 9 in the AM 
Back in the loop again after a week in Portugal, dammit it was cold 
@kim1966 Yeah, mine was great thanks, Back to work now 
@tommcfly Back to the future!!  And have a great tour! Shame I can't come see you. 
Back from our night time walk up Pen y fan - absolutely exausted now and stuck in work 
@LucyD300 It's been... been resting. Uni starts again today, as was Easter holidays the last 2wks. Back to reality!!!  And you?
Back To The Future was my generation's Woodstock. 
Damn it ! Back in work....and it's far too nice to be stuck in doors 
Back in action after being MIA awhile. back at work too. 
Back to work I go. Bye-bye glorious vacation!!! 
Ugh... Back to the daily grind. Vacation is over  I'm gonna need moar coffee for this.
1 hour of sleep the WHOLE night..time to set up the a/c! Back to school 
Uh back to school today  then work after school. Back to reality.
I want to sleep!!! Okay ... Back to work 
Back to my desk.  I think I'll nip outside when I need a break in a bit. It's too nice out there to be in here! Laptop would be ideal now!
Back to the grind. Zach has dermo appointment, warts are still there. 
Back to single mom...  Guess that means cereal, McDonalds and cookies for dinner again!
Back from school.I'm exhausted   P.s photos added of Ashley out in Malibu  http://tinyurl.com/d73s73
Hey!!! SSEEEEEEESSSTTTRRRR What's up.  Back to work and missing Fred 
Back home in Canada.. to bad that I am sick as well 
Back to work after a great weekend! Last week at Taste 
Poop Back to work 
http://xkcd.com/571/ Genius. Back to lectures now 
Back at work now.    Wishing I was home playing with Kendall!  
Hit up a few spots this weekend  Nothing eventful. Back at work.
Going to bed too late again. Back to school tomorrow for Rhiannon. 
Back to boise, goodbye California 
Back to schooooool... Ahhhh 
Back at home. Hardly had time to look at twiiter let alone post anything. Tommorow looks like another hectic day. 
Using finalcrit.com as my web portfolio not working out so well. Uploads are grainy and the site is unreliable  Back to the drawing board.
Back at work again  going to Disneyland after work &lt;3
Back to work. Missin my little man 
Back from Easter holidays... 
Back at the Hotel, is late in L.A but early morning in Madrid, so, working day starts now. 
well the lounge wire renovation went really well, we can now watch Tv And the projector at the same time. Back at work, not happy 
Back from Houston.  Great game but Stro's lost 4-3.  Bullpen blew it.  The hotdogs were great...i had 2. lol.  got lost coming back.  
Gata cu sarbatorile. Back to work/school whatever.. 
Horrible night of poker last night. Burned off 1/3 of my bankroll. Back to the grinding 
Back to work after my weekend at home...Wish i went to the beach when i was back, weather was stunning. Makes me homesick 
Back from school^^ --&gt; Had 2 lessons German- exam prep   Doing maths now ....
well, the Papaw's just left.  Back to normal.  If normal means having to say &quot;bye&quot; all of the time, I'll take abnormal any day. 
just got back from Fruita (mtn. biking).  Back to the mountains where it is snowing/raining 
Back from MT REM.Devastating news heard! 
Waiting For Internet To Come Back 
Am in Vancouver airport now for a stopover before my flight back to Manila.  Back to work by Monday  
Back after my last Trib gathering... it took some effort to make sure I didn't cry while saying goodbye to people. 
Back to bed I think  ! Until someone calls me.
Porridge came back up. Back to square one 
Back from bike ride. Am I allowed a peanut butter and jam sandwhich now? There really is no suitable time 
Back to 7 I can't see any flash in Ubuntu 64 bit 
Back from soccer already, Aidan is too sick. 
Back in the ER again.  Think it may be stones part 5 
Back from the Vet, got Baby a vaccine...He thinks she might be a boy. 
Back from the visits. Wont be making an offer 
Back from a run in the rain with @loic and @maximegarrigues. Weather sucks today in SF 
&quot;Sup everyone... Back home after a looong day... Just bought some veggies but too lazy to cook 
@StealingVirtue Back to Chicago and back to finals...boo  We are almost done though!
Back from Paris. Don't want to go at school on MOnday 
Back from another day at Walter's.  Was tired before I even got started, and now I'm especially exhausted.  
Back from sleepover! Fun night! Lots of homework to do! 
Back from the BBQ and studing for finals! 
Back on the bus after grad bash! My feet crazy hurt! 4 hours till i get home 
Back to Tweetie, sry for cheating 
Taking off... Back to snow.  See ya later kids.
Taking off... Back to snow.  See ya later kids.
@monkeymagicstu I can't seem to reply directly to direct messages  I fly from Stapleford.  Back again today 
The thunder woke me up   and my power just went out.... Back to sleep i go... And woooow the thunder is LOUD
Jus got gome from rehearsal with Croom and T...awesome show can't wait to perform it! Back is killing me  bedtime..nitey nite twiggies...
Back here on my 2nd Homebase...getting ready for another busy work week ahead 
Leaving hometown... Back to sick warm lonely boring Chennai again! I'm gonna miss home!!! 
Back to Mukah~~~ tomorros is working day.  No more happy holiday 
Back from TJ. Slept away one whole day. A mountain of works' waiting. Tonight might be a long  night 
Lunch at Charnock Richard services. Back is beginning to hurt. Odd piercing by entrance 
Has to pack soon to.. Back to uni &amp; the crappy worl of Revision! 
@erockradio Erie, PA!!  How exciting   Back with my parents...I'm pretty cool
Back in toronto...yeah!! Craving pinkberry...boo 
Back to tennis! Gila news too slow today!    #procycling
Back in cc!  Brodie has hand foot mouth disease   its been such a long wknd w a sick baby!
Back from a weekend in #Maastricht, car was burgled, attempt to steal 
Back in Misery 
Back to the city. Been an emotional wreck 
Watching Desperate Housewives then Brothers &amp; Sisters.  Back to the old salt mines tomorrow....the lottery has passed me by yet again.  
Back from Disneyland. I look like a lobser 
Back on low carb diet today! Salad sucks 
Back home... Already miss the family 
Worried about Chooey, my cat. She has bladder stones again and the procedure they'd used plus the meds aren't working.  Back to doc again.
Back home. Going to sleep now. I miss Paul. 
Back to Vermont... 
Checking out soon - last day in Helsinki.  Back to Reading tonight 
Back from my MIL's house. Makes me realize how much I miss watching TV. lol. Seems like such a luxury when you don't have it.. 
Back home from Dakota's. On my bed with baby Aiden. Wishing he'd sleep so that I could too 
There really is no place like home... always nice being back at home with family. Back in Irvine staying up &amp; doing hw 
Back in Dublin and off to work in Google hq even though it's a bank holiday 
Back from my trip  Am already suffering from Sinai withdrawals.
Grinder all day &amp; night for law... Tommorrow is U.S. Congress. Back to back finals 
@alandavies1 Raining in Belfast too - and I promised myself I would clean my windows today.  Back to bed, then! 
Back to Devosis after Dr. visit, they took my blood  #fb
On Shelby's bus. Back to school day.  lameeee. Later folks.
Back at work. Do not like Mondays 
Back from Cuba! Back to work    New car today!!
Back in Glasgow 
Back to work  Great Sunday afternoon at Port Mayaca HDT!  25 entries ~ what a super start for a new show. Can't wait till next year!
Back @ work. I have a case of the Mondays. 
Back from the gym, that feels so much better. Ribs are still very sore so had take it easy today 
Back in Santiago... and winter seems to have arrived 
Back home from school. Nadja will be here in ten mins. We'll backe muffins! But just for the school 
Watching another fave VM epi &quot;The Bitch is Back&quot; which is also the finale of season 3 and the series  
Now I'm playing Sims Pinball in the Bang Back rm if you wanna come in &amp; chat w/ me. http://bit.ly/Ap0g8 And Cubs are behind 4-2. 
Back from watching the Yankees lose 
Goodnight Miami! #lk2009 was great, as was time with the family! Back to Indy 
I sat in the chair for too long. Owww. Back to the bed 
Back in Hawaii. I have a lot of schoolwork /midterms to catch up on 
Mornin all. After much mucking about and a lack of knowledge, I gave up on the slidy inny panel for the website. Back to a popup window 
Today was a longgg night. Back to studying.  Nite.
Back from the gym and now VERY concerned about my leg and the run in 2 weeks time 
Would very much prefer to be back in Crete. Back to work tomorrow 
Sorry - extra news just been to B&amp;Q to get a new shower switch - all fitted and working and I didn't fry myself! Back to work 
i've just made a lovely chicken dinner and am now totally stuffed. Gunna chill out for the rest of the day now. Back to work tomorrow ... 
Back from a very wet Tennesee. Only got 3 of our 4 rounds in 
Back from tim's with Stacey! I don't think they had pickles 
Back to Davis. 
Back in Frankfurt waiting for Mira to pick me up from station! Missing @viosmith so bad 
Back from the ocean, missing Ron  Wishing we could find a way to be together, but travels with him are great!
Back hurts  . . Chillin with brandon -CrazyForTheGuy
Back in Seattle 
Back from L.A. ... back to work   Had a blast at the Grand Slam Con, though!
Back to work when Madurai is still to recover from the festive mood 
Back from the carnival! Tonight was their last night.  Oh well.
Dinner break over. Back to work. 
Well it has been a good weekend! Plenty of rest and work done.  Back to the drawing board.  
Back from Bermuda 
Homeeeesie. Back to being lonely in SD. Having only my collection of hello kittys to cuddle up with 
Well, off to work in a mo. Long one today. Back in 14 hours 
is Back From the Medium, Not too Impressed  
Back at customer. Skipped breakfast, too many loud senior people at hotel 
Back to the Grind  
Back on Firefox after 6 weeks on ie 8 
Back is really bad again, am doped up on painkillers. Fed up with it 
Back from Geneva and now facing many many emails ! 
Can't believe how quick this week has gone!! Back to Canada on Sunday 
Hmmmmm...obviously not.  Back to the drawing board tonight 
Back @ work in rainy Philly  I hope it clears up a bit, I have 2 showings of the house today. Sigh.....
Back at the doctors for my back/neck again  Original pain is gone, but new, severe pain has cropped up.
@hydro74 sux to be in Norway :p I'd like to attend Back In Black.. 
Back in Chicago   
Back from California and not happy about it..  come home to cold weather.. summer where are you??
Boy time flies! Back on twitter and still 2 followers 
@LejlaXO Back from a vaca I couldnt afford or attend with scheduling.  Like south of the border egg rolls from Chilies so GOOD.
Eugh! Perry what were you thinking!?! Back to your bad ways of tattoos and tights... 
Show went well, I'm so seeeepy... I miss Ivy so much.  Back to NoVa with the Swedes tomorrow for the week!
Back. Ran two, walked one. Even 2.5 hours after a meal isn't long enough for me to run reasonably. 
Ugh, really? Back to square one? So much for giving myself 24 hrs off... 
Back on the revision grind  Only another 9 days of this for Med-Ren.
@robson_jerome Back in intesive care, they operated on her arm and face. Haven't heard anthing else today though 
Back @ work tomorrow. Roof replacement might happen then too. Expecting a bit of damage to garden from their scaffolding while I'm away 
Back to work for Rachael. 
My Back Hurts 
Back up, working.  Trying to ghost a old Unix machine to newer hardware, not sure the disk layouts are going to match up. 
Back is the states! Vacation is over  Now time for customs and then the looong drive back to Kennesaw from Tampa.
Back to uni today... Sigh. The reality of exams is about to hit me 
Back pain  owwww. Excuse to stay in PJs all day.
Game over, season over  Back to the championship it is.
Back already, to windy tah go fishing.  Wonderin what I should do now?
Back again. Was not able to watch the start of the game. Too bad. 
Back from church.  Braden Greer preached on the armor of God.  After lunch, more psych exam studying 
is sad her week at home is over  Back to Baton Rouge ....
Back from Thorpe Park with @cumbers and @joemunns. Knackered, catching up on MOTD &amp; ignoring the fact we got relegated today 
Dropped sunglasses in public restroom stall floor. To put back on face or not... Back on face it is. 
Back in Orlando  back to my reality!
Back to Richmond........yuck 
Back from Bay to Breakers.... feeling it. Is it really Monday tomorrow? 
Back home after a hard weekend! And soon back at work! I am so f...ing TIRED! 
Called in sick. Back to bed. Stomach going mental. Ouchy. 
Had a crappy day. Back in my day (90's Wonthaggi) people were shot for stealing other people's ideas 
Back to work  Yey.
Back ache as usual. Tired but can't sleep. As usual. It's most definitely cuz you arm't beside me 
Back from camp. And I can't say I like being back home from such on experience. Camp was awesome, wish it lasted longer. 
Got some beefy new horns for my car but they didn't work when I fitted em  Back to the road runner for me
It's 2015 soon. I feel so let down that it won't be like in Back to the Future 2  I want my flying car 
Back in Sydney town- finishing assessments 
Back to work at Siam Square...might fin around 8pm 
Back at uni. shopping with the girls today. They call it retail therapy right? Room is bare now  Content
Back to Boringmouth in a mo, not looking forward to it, or to the exams  Rubbish times.
Back to writing build files.. My time to write service code was 30 mins. After that back to nant land 
Back to work and missing China already 
Back work.  conference this week too  http://myloc.me/15BT
Trying to make a label for a new product. Failing. Badly. Back to the printer with me. Chemistry is so much easier 
Back to life. Back to reality. Back to work after a lovely break with my man  Oh well.....at least Kaz is in surgery with me. xoxo
Back fr Staples-no great deal on electronics  But got stationary stuff for end-of-year for this month so I'm organised.&amp;now:some invoices!
http://twitpic.com/5f7zm - Fun day at the studio yesterday. Now I've got to find a race to shoot! Back to work today 
Back at work. Sitting at my desk, not in the kayak. 
Back from an unsuccessful shopping trip! Could easily spend a grand on a saddle, then there's all the extra bits!!  Will soon be poor!  
Reality slaps me in the face pretty hard. Cruel joke! Thanks life. Back to Tampa. 
Back at work  FYI yogurt is not that great first thing in the morning!
Back to the real world! Good morning. I knew I shouldve taken a few extra days off!!!  
Looks like someone has a case of the Mondays.  Back to work 
Back at work, Xander and Amy are doing great, Jakhob loves being a big brother, Looking forward to our roadtrip later this year. Rockets 
No signal at the cottage.  Back now. Sore neck from hunching over my painting.
Back in Exeter after a ridiculous journey. Exam on wednes 
the new Taking Back Sunday record is a bit of let-down  Still some decent songs on it though
Back from the station &amp; missing John 
Ahh just had a glorious drive through the surrey hills (how pretentious does that sound) with the windows wound down. Back to Leeds later 
Ahhhh just had a glorious drive through the surrey hills with the windows wound down. Everything was good. Back to Leeds later... 
Back/bellys starting to hurt  McFly to accompany me and calm me down :'] 5mins from seeing @Jamie182 &lt;3
Back from ASDA (my second home) Now helping with the housework 
Back from music, Bellaboo asleep. Pain bad, lower back &amp; neck. No #sewing, am going to read and hope the meds kick in soon. 
Back in hollandia... Missing moraira 
Back hm flg gd bt d 4 bks I borrowed but NOT bt finding out I put on 1kg. Damn 
@lynnfergy ahhh I miss Lachlan and all you guys!!! Thanks so much for an amazing time. Back at work now 
Might go for the purple one in Currys after all! Back to work now 
I had a good week at work. Very hard and exhausting, but a good crew so fun too. Back to the 'others' next week. Oh well 
Back in office. Uploading the pics from my Vancouver trip and then some tests to pass. Today's going to be one heck of a day, I tell you 
@awinch9917 Back in with my parents  . Symptom of a broken heart.
Back in Austin. The plane was completely packed   Getting ready to head out for the long weekend. Time to relax!
Back at work.  I was enjoying my time off. Good thing it is a 3 day weekend!
Back in cola, I miss my buddies in Aiken. *Tear* 
Getting ready to go to bed. Have to wake up bright and early tomorrow. Back to work. I miss my vacation 
Back on Missouri soil. Thank goodness. miss him 
My idea of a Justice League themed debut was rejected.  Back to square one...
@jordanknight not enough So CA Shows!   Come on Back!!
Back home I go. What a fkn night. Hate fighting 
@OdisG mE!!! Back in DR! I use 2 have a new Chinchon everyday 
Back at Uni today - then more Maths *groan* 
Phone battery died.  Back home after solo day in Em City and date night w/wife, including play @ Bathhouse and dinner @ Burgermaster.
Back in Chicago! Head to FL in less than 10 hrs. Missing @JoshTCIB, @austincarlile, @jaxinhall, @curtis, @dennishegstad, @ilovetmills 
Back to Java, the joy of having to convert an int[] to a List&lt;Integer&gt; 
Back from A&amp;E, very nice Doctor diagnosed ligament damage, she felt I could still do my 5k run, but it might take me 10 days to heal 
@MrsSOsbourne Hi Sharon Missed you on our x factor last year!!  Come Back!! x
Back from London  Now just catching up on all the tv and sleeping all day!
@cjwilliams1975 @barmanandy We were in Lindos, and it absolutely ruled. Will post some pictures somewhere, some time. Back to work today 
Back to Tokyo tomorrow. Expecting some rain and no sunshine 
Back in Glasgow, stuck in traffic on the M8 
Back in Manchester. Whats with the weather? Sweaty 
Back is SORE... should not have done that jump last night 
Back in lancaster bored already, can't wait to start work! Missing hel! 
Loves using remote access to use my desktop from my laptop.  -- Back from Emerge once again.  
Knight Online Come Back 
O'Charleys? Pretty good. Especially when its free. Hot waitress? I think so. Back to work? Unfortunately. 
Back from a very boring 20-20 cricket match in Canterbury. It's supposed to be big hitting, but there was only one 6. Shame 
Back in ATL! ( but I miss ny  ) what's up with tonight tho?!?let meeeee know!
Back @ home AGAIN .. bathing kids, ironing clothes for hubby .. nephew's graduation tonight! I remember when he was 2! 
Back in a mo. Cover Girls hubby on fb chat. She not seen him for 5 months 
I'm Back and I see I missed Truck and Fish on @RetroRewind 
Back in Spain 
is poolside. Bowling toniht maybe?? Back to work tomorrow 
@__Jazz__  nope. Back to 8weeks .... *sigh*
Back from happy hour! My favorite bartender wasn't there today 
Back in KC Didn't get a nap though 
Back from Karaoke night, I was singing some tunes......and now my throat is kinda sore 
Depressed to hear new Taking Back Sunday ish when I know Matt Fazzi should still be in Facing New York 
Back from Vegas and it sure wasn't what as exciting as I wanted to be... Was a major disappointment 
Back from a night in key west. Relaxing before we have to come home tomorrow 
My iPhone isn't working...again. Back to apple for number 16! Ugh 
@diehardtryhard - Come Back to ME 
@mileycyrus... sorry  think of your dad singing &quot;I Want My Mullet Back&quot;... it'll make you feel better
Back in Saigon...last day 
Back from a p-tay at the Stevens'. Lots of good times, but hot tubs make me miss my wife 
No no no. Back is playing up again. Thankfully have some hardcore painkillers left over from last time. Must organise osteo visit 
MY WSOP is over.    Out in 220th place.  Started with 918 players, so thats something.  Not much.   Last hand was so bad...  
@chokewho Haha! For real, though too congested to train today  Back at it Tuesday.
UCL craze barthelona style! Psyched for Sonic Youth. Back to Singa tomorrow ah 
@rootpot okay I'm an idiot, obviously you didn't mean you. Back to the Lucan 
Back to Paris Tomorrow  http://tealdeservesthistrip.blogspot.com/
@tonimarienet Oh god I am so sore from today! I did heaps but it looks like I achieved nothing  Back sore. You live near Parabanks?
Back off to Sheffield after not long enough with Elizabeth for my penultimate Blockbuster shift 
Back from a lovely (and very hot!) couple of hours seeing ships &amp; people in crazy costumes... want to crash out but it's Post Office time 
Back home in Chicago 
Back from my #geocaching. Found 3, failed to find 1 ('cause the area around it was covered in vomit!  )
Back home. Sleep time. My injection wounds still hurt. 
Oh no, Harry.  Back at the emergency vet.
Back from le beach. Sigh, le femme whipped out her yellow numbr and it started to rain  Back @ le Chateau. Phaps we have some LP Rose Brut
Dropped Tim off at the airport early this morning.. Back for 1 day then he's gone again  Can't wait for Mon. when he comes home and stays!
Just picked up Empress from the Groomer. Gosh did I miss her. Back in bed, still feeling horrible thanks to G 
@DawnRichards: OMG In the car with my BFF listing to that Danity Kane Back Up#13 from first album. WOOOwww...Having DK withdrawls! 
Back from NYC. Diversity were amazing &amp; worthy winners, but i'm disappointed Susan didn't win 
Back home from the Farmers Market...only sold 2 baskets! our worst show in 3 years of selling baskets  
Back from Melting Pot w/ side trip to Fun World. Holding onto 29 for as long as I can!! Tonight, goodbye to the 20's party. 
Back from NYC 
Made it to the finals and lost ...  ... Ur boy stepped up but it wasn't enough... Back to jersey http://myloc.me/27V8
doesn't want to go home... Does the cruise have to end?!  Back in Seattle 2mro, then we're off! #fb
Back in jtown.  getting ready to watch my pens in the Stanley cup final!
Back in new south ! Wrist =ouch 
Back home for the Cavs game. Broke down &amp; bought new Green Day CD today, but have yet to play it  Time to rip it over to the iPod.
Nooo  She was cute, warm, fun and her lips tasted good. Come back, girl in my dream? *sigh* Back to bed...............
Landed in TO... Flight to the as Soo leaves in like ten min... Back to reality 
Back home trying not to die. Remind me never to experiment with sushi the night b4 a cross country flight 
Back home now....still can't watch the  game though.     Go Redwings!
Back n Deming. Vacation almost over. 
Back in KY :-/ managed to stop in all 4 U.S. Time zones today. That's a productive day. Missing the west coast big time already 
Back at home... it's not the same without him here  But aiming to get up at 5am tomorrow to get things done! Maybe... possibly...
Back from Cleveland. Indians 
Back from the dead...Stuck at home with a swollen jaw 
Back at home.  Last night with Kyle 
I saw the Back To The Future Dolorian parked outside theater in Hollywood. Tried to take pic but missed 
Sore Back, Ouch! 
Back at the old folx home already. Think I lost a bit of my hearing...my ears are still ringing 
Back from Canberra. Got pinged on the way there 15 over. First traffic offence ever! 
Back from the club!!! Ahhhh I had an amazing time. Twerk tomorrow 
Boohoo,... Back in Holland again,... 
woahhh good night! Back home from bartending wow do bars close early in Canada 
Back home from fishing. My wife caught fish and I did not. 
Back from home (Goldbar), I miss you so much Narcisse, I can't believe you left 
Is Back From Her Getaway To Dunsborough &amp; Margaret River..Back To Reality 
Back from Hawaii 
In an attempt to save me from watching Lazy Town, I appear to have alighted on a breakdancing pensioner.  Back to CBeebies I think!
i want to learn the piano for Back of My Head by Short Stack.... cant find it anywhere... 
Spent last 2 days walking around Seoul with my niece. Couldn't resist shopping ;) Back to work tomorrow, with meeting in KR office  #fb
Back from the supermarket. Raining hard. I'm being bipolar again okaay?! 
Repulled something involved in basic rib function. Back to square one. Can hardly move 
Back at the gulags again for another week. Ankle is fucked up, have tragic eye infection and wish it was july already. Ah well....  
Back in En-ger-land. Boo hoo!  At least the L.A sunshine has followed us home. Had an AMAZING time. Back to reality 
Back from NYC  Had a blast in all the crazyness!!!!
Back to work after an awesome 3 days off  Also I played the best game of pool in my life last night!
@Alexhamil Wall Broken  If U R considering a Follow Back - a bit bout how I tweet http://bit.ly/kdvHo
Back on the road! Heading to delaware for the night. Today's david cook hangover day. Especially since last night was our last one. 
Dinner was lovely. Back to revising soon tho 
Back at my mums. Now doing Tech homework. 
Back Pain 
Shower. Visiting the Toccos. Relaxing. Back to work tonight 
@LuciMahon It was an ok idea but hayfever kicking in so returning home now. Bit tired. Where did half term go. Back to work tomorrow. 
I Wanna Go Back 2 Cedar Point 
Back to Amerika  boo #vacation is over, just customs and a flight to DCA left.
Back from a nice walk to the station. Dan r gone back to Darlo. 
Back at my apartment for the last time ever! So sad! Move is complete 
When I was a child and I went somewhere exciting I had a feeling in my stomach when I had to leave. I have it now. Back to Reality!  SIGH
What a glorious day it's been, and i've been stuck in a hot kitchen all day. Grrrr. Back in at 430am tomorrow too 
Back @ work, workout that is &amp; it's sunny so I'm taking my jog &amp; bike to the streets. Too bad the pools not filled yet 
Just cooking tea after a lovely day at Moira Furnace. Back to work tomorrow 
Back in town baby! Vacation is officially over 
So ends an amazing weekend. Back to Sac and back to work for me. 
Back from another strop in the Golf. Diced with  Impreza, caught him on corners/braking, lost out on straights. Power trumps finesse. 
Back in cincinnati sadly. Home in 3 weeks. Thank god. I miss her(@AliciaBelle) 
Is Back Off Her Hols .... Sunburnt Aswell 
Back in cincinnati sadly. Home in 2 weeks. Thank god. I miss her(@AliciaBelle) 
@DemziUK Terrible!! Back to work and report writing for me so it's even worse  
Wrapping presents for my daughters 28th B'day ! I'll see her tues, in Boston. Back to the Vineyard Wed a.m. Writing bills...yuck 
Back in the land of Notts and up to our ears in solicitor's forms 
@kanethepain Yeah, But We Go Back To Exams 
Im Back From Camp  
Back on SocialScope..seems to work for my Storm now, YES!! But anyway...I NEED TO RECORD...I'm too hype. But, I need dat instrumental 
Back to Vegas 
Back from bro-in-law's birthday, was fun. Now putting kids abed, then make salad for tomorrows lunch. Weekend nearly over then 
Back to NY 
Back in the ville... Damn I miss ny already  lol
Back from a weekend with my bf. Now, i need to focus on o-chem... 
Back from the mall! Now...obviously on the computer. I was suppose to go out with Pete, but didn't feel so hot this morning 
Back in the studio today. Gimme something ya'll want to hear a song about. I'm lonely right now  need a pick-me-up!
Off to bed now. Back to the grindstone tomorrow  Damn exams!
Back in honolulu.  Ugh.. I have a headache. 
Back in Sheffield for the last two weeks of year two 
Last Chapter of Back to Reality up NOW! 
Back from Moncton, living the fancy-life, now back in this shit-hole 
This concludes my weekend in Texas. Back to Oklahomo I go. 
Back to being ignored for a computer. Go figure. 
Back to work tomorrow - VACATION is over   Still working on the PHOTOS = stay tuned........
Lakefront was awesome.  I wish we could bottle this weather.  Low humidity, straight hair and summer.  Life is good! Back to studying. 
Back home! With a sunburnt nose  @ Home http://loopt.us/ECK0MA.t
Got so much done today!! Time for some relaxation.. Back on the grind tomorrow 
Back in Detroit! Miss my new niece already!!! 
Back home from my wonderful trip to Asheville. I love a-ville. In bed &amp; mourning the fact the weekends over &amp; I have to work tomorrow. 
Back in PDX.. It's hot here!  I miss the beach!!
Back to work today  Got a couple of projects on the go to keep busy, one is for re-branding the company
Back in work after week off... Feeling a little groggy at the moment and a few aches and pains 
Good morning!!!! Back at work as it is a rainy monday here in Rome... 
Back to boring Office 
@RockinChick09 I Want My Shirt Back  Lolll
Well I'm stuck between working and not working. Back at school  Exam overload starts tomorrow in the AM...
Back to college  Only 4 weeks left thou!
Back from Bora  I miss it already!
Spent some of last night at a mates getting eaten alive by midges - ugh! Back in  the office today though 
Is Back To Hell 
Back in Gib. 
Back home now and getting into tiding up my flat. My luggage was never found. Ah well. 
Back to college  Only for 3 hours though, which is quite nice.
Back in work, and so busy it's flying by...thank goodness. My heart sinks at the thought of next few weeks 
perfect house found! Too bad it's in need of a too many big updates.  Back to the drawing board...again!
home from Maine   &amp; am missing my &quot;little&quot; girl! Gotta keep busy today - last vacation day. Back to reality tomorrow.
Back to work today, yay  hoping to finish the card designs to get them submitted. Hoping that the weather starts acting more like summer!
Back to work  But it's only a 3-day week for me! Hooray for weddings and Nashville!
Back to school again  Booo!!!
Right time for bed! Night tweeps. Back to work tomorrow 
Back in work after a few days off...calculating how many days left until I can retire...Dang it,its a biggie 
Back in That London  Looking forward to the twenty20 though!
Back in the office after a week in Vancouver. 
Back in OKC, wondering why I still live here. 
Back at work. GM declared bankruptcy, so today is going to be so much fun 
Back to the GRIND 
Back to work today. Yuck. No more vacation until July 
Ughh. Back feels like it has a pinched nerve and my chiropractor doesn't have an opening today. 
Back at work. Maverick went off to camp this morning 
Back in cranfield, after a crazy few days in bournemouth. Missing the sea already  and ofcourse the people
Back from vegas... Gotta take the Benz back!...  hoping to get our new jetta this week tho
Back at work - feel drained after the dr's appt. Too bad it's the first of the month, or I could call it a short day.  
I'm back in the good ol' Oklahoma... Back to life, back to REALITY... 
Back from 's-Hertogenbosch, it wasn't too interesting. Still hate it that I can't go and see YMAS on tuesday 
Driving. Not. Good. For. Back. 
Back from a parents evening  Twas okay though.
Ah I loove Chicago!! Back to reality.. Full-time starts now 
Back from wedding. Drinking Coke. Thinking about tuition tomorrow, it so sucks. 
I have been on vacation for the past week. Back to work and the first news this morning is AF447. Shocking. 
Seriously i keep forgetting about twitter Back at school now been ill though  Blazers in hot weather STUPID
Back to yearbook. Family's gone 
In bed, watching tv with Adam. Babies are asleep! Back to work in 1 week  
Back @ work. Have has this headache for 3 days now 
Break's over. Back to work till 5:30ish. My tooth hurts so bad. I was supposed to go to the dentist today until I found out I had to work 
Be Back folks. Walkies time............DAMN its hot outside. 
@jocope to much contention,i don't *really* count visiting my sister in Dublin as travelling.Back home now and nothing else booked 
Back from the pool!    (Guess who forgot sunscreen.  ) http://tinyurl.com/n8wgef
Bleh tried to work today and failed. Threw up after lunch. Back at home in bed. Gnight. 
Back in Syracuse 
Free wifi at sjc... Totally beats sfo. Back to SD for week 10 &amp; finals 
@Ifran27 Back spasms? Woah, not good...I hope you feel better soon 
Back to work tomorrow  Got to plan a holiday soon.
Back from hong kong, 13hrs Staring into space as my tv screen was broken 
Taking Back Sunday: New Again: 6.5/10 
Back to my old workout. 200 crunches and 45 minutes of walking 5-6 days a week.. Ugh 
Back home. Exhausted. Dejected. Depressed. Wish I could know the results today. Trying to be optimistic. 
Back 2 taking 2 classes  The day teacher gave alot of homeowrk. Yuck 4 quizes, 2 chapters 2 read &amp; a paper due by 2morrow nite bye summer
Back from Church group, found out something awful has happened to a couple of friends 
Had a great day, barbecue, water fights and sunbathing.Chilling out with ice cold can of cider now. Back to work tomorrow 
New bed christened multiple times over the long weekend ;)  Back to real life and I am missing her 
Im Back!! Out the Hospital...on bedrest dealing with Pain :X &amp; im very upset i cant find my CuriousGeorge doll to sleep with! No serious 
Back from Faribault and hoping a post topic will come to mind for tomorrow. The one I have so far isn't very good 
Back home from Disneyland. I hate leaving 
Back from the video sooo excited. My feet hurt 
Back in the Ville, without my car!  Getting ready for my summer classes tomorrow and trying to get my damn internet to work...Errr
Maddy is off with her mommy. Back to the hospital 
Back to business as usual after Francesca leaves for Cali tomorrow   (a.k.a. I don't have to live on red bull/rockstar anymore)
Back in Tokyo! Unfortunately only briefly.  Time to roam my old haunts and catch up with old friends. Wish the NEX doors would open now!
Back in Louisville. Same trip this time next week. 
In the States, Back from Israel  . I seriously miss it already.
@luchauer nope. Back in LA! Read the blog about you leaving rootclip. 
Stuck in a queue waiting 4 the kids to finish in the bathroom ... As usual. Back to work today. Enough said 
Back to work. After 4 days away and at leisure in sunny Scotland this is going to be tough. 10pm finish too, urrgh. 
Bro's graduation was great! My dad's bday was today too. Got him an hdtv... veeery nice. Back to Houston tomorrow 
Back to where I started... New wave of sadness coming through. 
Back from Rome, going to miss the great Cafe 
Back to having shitty Nescafe. Out of coffee beans 
http://twitpic.com/6gdz8 - Back at the airport bar!! Mini break coming to an end 
Back at work. And switch my python with an old and bad php cms... Sick sad world. 
My Fleshlight has PMT. Back to the wife then 
Back to work after almost 2 weeks off. WHY????? 
Soaking up the sun in Ibiza. Back tomorrow tho 
Photovia onemoreurl) *sigh* Back to LB in a few days. :|  http://tumblr.com/xec1xirfi
Whooo, Back Home But I'm In All Day Tomorrow 
@italylogue Yes. No idea how many photos I took. Walked a lot of the course - Pincio to Collosseo. Back to Milan domani AM 
Back from a weekend in Chi town. Missing you already  but loving this sunshine!
Back in NY.. Work today 
Back to the grind...I do not care for McAfee 
Just had Pimms in the sunshine. Back to work now 
Back from uni again, got some good pronunciation practice in with Miori... but fuck it, it's difficult and I'll never become fluent 
@richard_baker shame. due to a technical issue, you are currently unable to process my request  Back to National Express 'mixing deck'...
Back at airport flying home to my Lady and leaving some sad boys behind 
Back from shopping, Revising History! 
is it sad that the best part of the day was a phone call from louisiana? Awww Tigger I miss you! Back to the studying 
Back home for a few days . . really missing my lovely Cotswold home    x
Already back at the airport. Flying out at 455 with a layover in DC. Back to the real world  http://myloc.me/2os7
@evaddnomaid Yep memory error again... Back to the drawing board me thinks  It only freaks out after it has established  a connection
Alright I'm done spamming. Back to work! 
Done with work!! Back hurts for some reason  Out with beh
Back to the doctor  oh well, at least I have Drake to keep me company. So Far Gone - Amazing
I am pissed that Taking Back Sunday wasn't in the Trending topics today... 
Back from the moose game yay!!! Shhh damn, the red wings lost 
Back from din - nicer than I expected. Miss my bff but is it dangerous to think she can be like she was. Don't know. 
@jeffcrossphoto Oh, I totally agree. I've been off for 4 days bow. Back to work tomorrow 
Back stitchin' again after last weeks sad happenings. Tommy the tortoise is no longer with us 
Back from Michigan! I didn't miss the internet at all. I wanna go back 
Morning everyone! Back in the office  Isn't it friday yet? *sighs* *needs some coffee* Where's Gibbs?;)
@The_Real_Jeff_O yeah but that has passed now. Back to reality 
Back safe &amp; sound in Brisbane. Enjoyed Cattlemen's Hall of Fame in Longreach, but glad to be back in civilisation. Ddn't see any roos  
Back 2 positivity..Every1 say prayers for the ppl &amp; their families from the AirFrance flight that vanished...pray that they didnt suffer 
Back at work today. Urgh... Days off are so much better. 
Back from Specialist - no MTB racing for at least another month  Looks like I'll be a roadie.
Back to the reality...  Unfortunately...  I am so sad... And worry about Nickaus  I miss you ;(
Back is agony this morning, don't know what I've gone and done to it. Trouble even getting my shoes on! 
Back to duo Branding - why did they have to make it so fiddly to get this right, so easy to break it all 
Back to work after a long break  and my baby leaves for training tomorrow. Boo!!
Wow - Vegas was amazing amazing amazing! I'm sooo moving here! Back home to shitty England tomorrow 
Back at LHR trying to get the packing cube full of chargers I left on the plane this morning. 
Can i go home yet? Shattered. Back's sore. Four and half hours left 
I Want To Move To Somewhere Far Far Away From Here &amp; Nvr Cme Back 
In London today. Back after 4. Tweet me till then!! I wish I had a truck that floats!! Traffic 
[-O] In London today. Back after 4. Tweet me till then!! I wish I had a truck that floats!! Traffic  http://tinyurl.com/oyoloe
Bugger. Sofa time over. Back to work, sniff.... 
@planetphotoshop just crushed one of my childhood favorites by implying Back to the Future is obscure. 
Back safe from play group and the hospital!  Play group was fun, lots of water and sand!!  As for the hospital, I need another injection 
Computing exam tomorrow! Then study leave is over  Back to school! Wooooo, yep confirmed it can't do sarcasm on twitter!
Back in cork. New stretch of motorway is great. think I got sunburnt on the way down though 
@tommcfly Tom, I want a tshirt of Back to the Future like yours! 
ERRR I want a New Back Grond Picture and it won't let me.... 
Back from ortho. 20 min late cause I got time wrong on calendar, so ortho gave me 3rd degree.  Bright side, teeth feel huge but nice!
Back on I-35, didnt find a texas boyfriend at UT, 
Back=Ouch. 
Back at work.. Long week ahead  seven days straight!
Back from gym. Weights a couple games of BBall (i lost again) and now back to work 
I spoke to soon. Computer came crashing down after 1 day.  Back to the library  
Back from Colorado with fully exempt status!! But my golf bag didnt make it on the plane 
Out for a couple of beers at Beat Therapy. Back home early though, got work at 8am tomorrow. 
Taking Back Sunday was amazing last night! Fun show with the exception that i think my nose is now broken  and my body is sore
Back to stickers.  Only 150 more to go. Wohoo. Oh wait them I get to fill all 600 tubes 
Back home finally.  Still sad that my amazing find at Hastings had to be returned 
Back from Ferropolis. No pasta party today  Freezing cold out there, going to be tough tomorrow morning. Start @9.05, my goal:1st woman
Back from lovely Barcelona!!  
@mummytips really.. even Back in action sell them as a Stokke Product?!?! Thats Terrible..  it is a good rocker thou!! same branding as &gt;
Busy season is kicking my behind - what's with all the flaky volunteers?  Back to the raccoon feeds....    
Back from volunteering at the nature centre. All I can say is OUCH! Sunburn!! Remembered bug spray, FORGOT sunscreen 
Back from funfair. Woo.  
Back home after a great evening, no one online  so I'll be off to bed now. See yah tomorrow ;-)
Back from the Dentist with 2 new fillings. My mouth hurts. 
Back to The Sims. They're still taking way too long to interact with each other. 
Back from the hangover. Excellent movie, not for a lot of people, but I loved it. A lot. Now I have to fold laundry...depressing 
Back @ the mondrian. GREAT meetings 2day. Just ate &amp; kinda have a tummyache.  poo
Had an easy ride today in the rain. Back still hurts but my legs feel good philly will be interesting. Leaving the host house tomorrow 
@PictureYourLife Back at 'cha! Fun work! Looking at your site really makes me realize how much I've neglected my own  That'll change soon!
Heading to bed.  My day off is *sniff, sniff* over.  Back to work 1st thing in the morning. 
Well, forget that. Back to scratch  I'm going to write a list of foods to eat when I feel better. I'm seriously having a feast after this.
Back from Prom. I had fun. No after party though  Now getting some good night sleep
Back from cruise holiday. A stone heavier and liver suitably abused. Met some great people,now work beckons 
Back home. Thrift store was closed but took a long walk in the forest (photographing). Threw up once, still ill buhuu 
Just Want To Go Back To Beeeeeed 
Back home now! Sad though  #fb
Back in Ottawa where the weather is quite nice. Now to deal with office politics.    
Back in the lib, no power points for my laptop so may have to move to somewhere else  Shame we have commandeered the cool table!
Oof. Session got scrubbed until further notice.  - Back to Holland I go.
My last day in Vegas. Back to Austin tomorrow 
Finally off work. Two late calls and paperwork   Heading to bed for much needed sleep. Back 4 more action 2nite. Full moon this weekend.
Aaargh! Back is yelling. Patty plays hookey today 
Back from opticians. Been referred to my GP as maybe, just maybe I'm displaying symptoms of glaucoma. Better to be safe than sorry 
Jeez. It's hiatus week for the internet now.  Back to work, I guess.
Just arrived home from hols. Tweets have overloaded so if I missed anything sorry. Back to grey cold Manchester 
No more California.   Back in  arkansas.
Damn it! Back to B&amp;Q cos half of the new desk is the wrong colour 
Back from WW. Gained 2/10 lb. Would be okay if I were at goal, but I still have 27 more lbs to go. 
Back to work tonight  Oh well, got to pay the bills somehow!
Is it bad I get mad when people say Britney can't sing?  Back off my Queen.
Still watching true blood. Back to base tomorrow to check into my new squadron. Kinda nervous 
Back home tomorrow - last night in Stafford Court! 
What is there to do??? OH. I forgot. There's nothing to do here. Sigh. Back to sitting on my buttt all day 
Ugh! Back 2 work!  4 1/2 more hours! Ahhhh!
Back from my outting, still missing Nadine tho 
Front brakes ok. Back brakes are bad. Rick doesn't know how to do back brakes &amp; if you do it wrong....So... back to the mechanic I go. 
Back is still SO sore &amp; tense. Chiro did NOTHING for me this week. I see Robax in my near future. 
Up was awesome! Back to Ansted soon 
Back from london.... Went to harrods again... Saw these reaallly awesome cupcakes. Realised that they are too expensive and went sad 
Back from son's LL game, they lost  Settling in 4 an afternoon nap n #Phillies #Dodgers game..then 2 the movies w/ the kids.  Life is ...
Back from Georgetown. Bored, 
Just finished the first day of training with Sir Manci. Learned a lot today and the training was great. Back to work tomorrow 
Break is over... Back to work, five more hours  -LB
Back on plane in an hour. 2cnd earache today   Happy with wifi tho
Back from the car show, walked constantly for 5hrs, wow sooo many nice ones. Got a &quot;touch&quot; of sun though. Wanting bbq, no gas 
Back in Huntington for probably my last visit before the big move. 
Back from Duluth...fun times up there I guess, kinda bummed I couldn't visit my cabin 
Back from Paris  Tomorrow the last vacation day...
Back home after nice day of hanging out with @kittenthebad (she's here too!), her boyf, and @douglasgresham. Ass sore from bike.  Sleep!
Tried working on the back stoop to enjoy the weather, but I was becoming dinner for the insect population. Back indoors. 
So disappointed with the #Pens right now I turned off the TV. It was too painful to watch. Back on and it's a 5 on 3 for the Wings. 
I love being home! My friends are awesome. Back to Florida tomorrow though 
Back home... missing Happy Valley already 
 time to leave my mountains. Back to Bama we go.
Rainy cold day. Started my summer class so its back to the books and playtime is over.     Back is getting better,still looking for reiki
Back in Taiping, so is the haze  Eyes a feeling a lil burn and itchy.
Back Home!.. Not feeling to well my stomach is killing me! 
Back from the NKOTB concert....great seats, awesome show....not so good meet n greet!! 
Back from open inspection of dream house. Drove past (stalked!) it countless times in past 6yrs, swooning. So sad it's beyond repair now. 
Back from seeing a game of football. My team lost 
Sore stomach, eeh. Back to work tomorrow + course 
Back in the Valley  loved camping up north..sooo beautiful!! Must go back soon!
Bed time. Great NIN show tonight with a great last minute reliable friend. Back to work in the AM 
Dropped my iPhone in to be fixed yest (cracked case). Back to using my old N95 for the next 10-15 days 
Back to boredom... I missed my gang  Hopefully next year can still attend Gawai festival...
@Ozquilter Back home now.  Both there to greet me. Social mother cat learnt to be shy from scaredy cat daughter 
Back to hospital today  Shingles got worse. Have to be in by 10am.
Nooo, it's Sunday. Back to sleeps. 
Back to the fires of hell!!  Maybe i'll try out my new bathing suit when I get there. Jealous of everyone continuing on to Jones Beach. 
Back from bangalore. Late with scheduled deployment 
Back in Boryspil airport waiting for check in. Sad to come home now   Its 27degrees outside. Almost a shame to be stuck inside.
Back stage at Josh Pyke, about to bust out the new camera... Still would rather be at Church 
Back to school 2morrow for the first time in about 4-5 weeks  Starting 5th year aswel :o. On the bright side... no maths =D
Back to VA today 
Back to researching how the buggery OAuth works. For something so well thought out there's not a helpful diagram or video in sight. 
Back from mix tweaking, all done and dusted now I think. Shame about the weather, I fancy another wander. 
'My Neck, My Back - Khia' this song cracks me up, but there's no denying the beat. I need a better surround sound 
Back from work. fell out of the car. classy. Having lunch then dunno.. tidy rooom? 
Got a meeting at 8 AM tomorrow! Back to wake up in the mornine routine. Not very keen of it 
Back in Stuttgart!  Over my holiday at home..  But thats the life!
Back to the due I go. Don't wanna leave home 
Well the adventure is over.  Back to work. @ The Parents House http://loopt.us/hgcxXw.t
@lbergus  My pleasure. Back from three weeks in St. Louis. Ready for another lunch date. Dogs hate the rain..bad hair days, wet grass. 
Up at the crack of dawn again tomorrow.......Back to School   Roll on the Summer Holidays
Back from my travels. Im cold and wet....... 
Back at work, lucky me! And as an extra special treat, I get to circumnavigate the M25! Woot, not 
Back to school tommorow  starting year 13 A2!! Have to make decisions soon... i don't want to make decisions! 
is home from the Walk For Life.  Back is seizing up a little 
Is on her way to the airport so sad to be leaving my favorite place in the entire world... Back to Miami it is 
Back in my Penthouse! My Girl didn't call yet 
Back from Pointe-Claire. 
Nothing good is happening today. Back home it is. No sushi for me.  1 vs 100 on XBOX live @ 7:30 should be fun.
Hike was fun  Kids woke up early from afternoon nap   Back outdoors again 
Back home, missing @hectordox and @Arsenic447 
Taking Back Sunday and Anberlin show on 6/16, wish i could gooo 
Can't believe holiday is really over. Had such a wonderful time with boyfriend and kitty cat. Back to the office tomorrow. Feeling sad 
not at Rockin Roots  I want to Taking Back Sunday and Anberlin
Back home from weekend trip with friends. Had fun, kinda...but would've given anything to go to Richmond. 
Studying....Work 7-9:30...Then Back to Studying 
Back to the School tomorrows man!! Cody's operation too's!!(YN) Everything better go okay 
Back at the Kibutz. Will have a massage on monday ; looking forward to it. Could not do any running since the 100k last week 
Back in the airport. Headin back to arkansas. 
Back from music live. Twas good. Very glad the rain didn't come. Can't believe its monday tomorrow 
Back2wk2moro.How crap is that?Only6wks till we break up4summer though.Prob gonna be longest wks of my life. 
3hr Study Break!!! Head out the fam pool party.... then Back to the grind. 
Back home in belfast.   I miss london.   but own bed. Thank god
Yay!!! Back in the ATL! Will miss San Diego though. 
none of my Oasis tweets made it through. Complete hammering on the networks  Back at hotel now, off for a nightcap in the bar
Back to an empty house...just me and nemo holding it down in Portland 
Back in Athens. Thinking about the importance of appreciating every day after hearing some sad news. 
Back from making a necklace w/Jenny.  Now dinner...leftovers...party weekend is officially over.  
Very tired tonight. Going to call it a night in a few minutes. Back to work in the am already! 
Back in Lawrence! I already miss my little sister. 
Back at hotel. Son has migraine. 
Back from shopping. Chilling until my grandparents come. I'm scared to see my grandpa (chemo) it's going to be heartbreaking 
Back from Paris to head straight to mastodon lolz ;) good times.  Came home and realised i'm skint.    Bad times.
 Music store closed today to reseal their floor. Oh well, better luck tomorrow. Back to the lib to run send list.
Back from MB  &amp; missin dadii 
Flipping between the Tony's and NBA Finals.  I just got back from camping this weekend and am very tired!  Back to work tomorrow 
Back from aucks, was a lovely weekend. I met the black flanker that plays rugby for France. Got a photo with him, but he was too dark. 
Back from the fashion show. In black, but barely. WUSB didn't work (more on dgrin later) 
Back to the BX to Packk 
Huh. S. has obviously gone offline now.  I was having so much fun flirting and discussing characterization and plot. Back to Ch 14, then.
Back home and cleaning. Yuck. I really dislike cleaning. I love organization...I just don't like the work it takes to get it. 
Back at Ye Olde Purdue.  Going for a run and wishing I had my running buddy 
Time flies again. Its Monday again. Back to work 
Back in Brooklyn, back to reality  My idyllic weekend in VA went too fast.
Tony Awards, then going out! Spring Awakening magic is over...  Back to reality and Godspell rehearsals!
Back to East Troy . . . to save drowning crates and Hell Week. 
Back in athens watching the tony awards. Class tomorrow. 
Well.. the weekend was good, very relaxing. Back to school tomorrow 
Back on the job tomorrow. Teaching summer school. 
Back from TO and tired ... to bad weekends aren't 3 days 
@MAG_nificent Damn, you gonna be up all night. Back to work for me tomorrow. 
Beach was nice and refreshing. Now fire at waylands. Good end to a vacation weekend. Back to work tomorrow! 
Back to Office AGain 
Back From Bangalore and what greets me here!!! Heat full on 
Back to bangalore... and then a bad news... Defending champs out of the tournament ... SAD ... 
Good games this weekend. Back to work and the real world. 
Back from 24 fitness. Baby I love you!! I wish we could have spend more time  you're leaving me forever T_T
Back to the real world tomorrow, aka work  Good night!
Back at work  Welcome back @Maximilus...thou hast been sorely missedeth!
Just flew in from Nashville. Back to work in the morning. 
Came back from bhopal after attending Abhay's wedding. It was an awesome experience there! Back to work now 
@GillCorbin  Not any time soon unfortunately! Just booked Vegas, and I'm saving up for the crazy shopping there. Back to school time?
http://twitpic.com/7g6v1 - Back home. Expected more fun but I can't complain. Also haven't won in the contest 
Back in monroe. Missing my baby. Got an early day tomoz 
Back at Heathrow, everyone here seems very ill, coughing, spluttering and phlegm-soaked throat clearances galore. I don't like it 
Weekends over  - Back  To Schoooolio for Another Week
NO SCHOOL! Well for today. Back to school tomorrow.  -Georgia.
Back to the 9-5  Nevermind, looking forward to havin weds off...yippeeee! 
Back to work  Online today if required
Oh goodness... I need to get to sleep! Back to work and a CRAZY travel schedule! So not looking forward to it! 
Back to &quot;work&quot; work  . Coffee &amp; chocolate ahoy. Praying for good weekend weather. I have plans!
Back from holiday - DOH! 
Back in the office after 2 weeks in Italy. 
Grammar time... Back to books 
Back to reality  from chairing regional ICE conference of Germany in Detmold! Thank you everyone!!!
Back from a very enjoyable, sunny holiday in the Lakes - My hayfever on the other hand doesn't seem to be a fan 
Back breaking search for MBA scholarship / funding 
Back to work  After work: learning stick and playing with windows 7!
Back home after my test for maths; made absolutely NO SENSE..  Horrible. But happy now, 'cause I'll be running Snow Leopard in a minute!
Back in Dallas now....and back to work today  
Back from Miami and off to work to focus on web site skins. 
Back to work and its Monday  Arg
Argh, moron at office messed up and in the end i got i caught in the firing line! Back to real life now. 
Back to work after vacation. Oh well, it pays the bills.  
Back at a previous client for a week. Forced to used an outdated client laptop 
Sad that the weekend is over. Back to work 
Back to work tomorrow, holiday is over.  Sky is coming over very black 
Back to work today, back in NJ finally!!  Clock is ticking. Buffalo bound 8/1.  
Back to office after photo shooging.  Wanna go home 
@HeathCastor no &quot;Step Back in time&quot;  
Back to the museum after a weeklong hiatus. Working on &quot;Vintage Tools of the Kitchen.&quot; I miss the ethnographic stuff 
Back to my ironing &amp;TOTA. Fergus has just jumped  *SOB*
@CaribbeanKing sadly htere ins't a studio mix for &quot;Step Back In Time&quot;... I wish I could make one but its too difficult 
Back to using #TwitterBerry until I can get #TweetGenius to work again  its just not the same
Back from vacation ... weather was fantastic.  Now back to the grind. 
Great Weekend... Back to reality 
They're Back! My spots are back  ouch
Back in the office from a 3-day weekend. Went fishing in TX with family. Had an awesome time. Hard to come back on this beautiful Mundee 
Back to making some html pages with with only inline CSS for a customer 
Back in Carlsbad. Driving home now. Couch in the crew lounge did not really help my bad back. 
Last night, supper at Swiss Chalet, then dropped off at the house. Billeting rocks! Miss them already.  Back to the 'norm' now.
Train... Going Back to bucharest   &quot;Boys&amp;Girls&quot;  #15 on www.tweenpopradio.webs.com
Back from OBX, leaving PA this evening, home tomorrow. Holiday nearly over 
Back home from work now, taking Izzy to get her injections - poor girl doesn't know what's in store  but she'll be OK!
Back from the Peak District. Wonderful weather but got attacked by a cat while feeding it cheese + crushed my thumb &amp; its gone all purple 
Back 2 the dr. office again....Noah has 2 get a shot 4 poison oak 
Argh!! A lighting strike took duo down  not good! Back now but expecting more storms tonight...
Seriously, why would a set of speakers not come with a 100-240v powerbrick? Grrr Back to Bic Camera tomorrow 
Back from dr. Have tonsilitis/strep throat. Today would not be a good day to make out with me   I feel soooo yuk.
Back to the Gym 
Back at my house in NY. Feels less like 'home' than when I was on vacation  #fb
Back in the lab  boo mondays....Im thinking sushi for dinner...
Back from bible school. Logan is so quiet like I punished him by leaving him there 
Back home! I love home, but Jakarta will always be my first and real home. I miss my friends!  Raaaaah x
Back @ work  too much shit left on my desk from friday =( having one day off ... Is it worth it???
Hi hi! Back from a weekend away. Barkzilla has the death cold though  Hope you all had wonderful weekends! xo Paddy
Listenin 2 a bunch of janet's old slow songs while getting ready.  Come Back 2 Me is on. Such a  song!
Back home after a long, long day. Wanted to throw quite a few people through the wall and into the shop never door. Somebody pamper me! 
Back home and back to work! Gearing up to be missing my hubby for the next 5 weeks. 
Back in shitty Montgomery 
Back from vet's. Kitty is very sick.  She's lost a lot of weight just in the last couple of days. Just the tests cost a fortune, too. BOO.
Back from Emma's appointment.She has a heart murmur so we have to see a pediatric cardiologist tomorrow morning for an ekg...my poor girl 
: Perhaps the worst First Day Back From Holiday at work 
Back in Paisley 
Coda crashes my system daily. Back to DW... 
Back from weekend away. Nothing was figured out. 
Back from Yosemite, man slipped fell on Sat. 41 people helped off half dome. helicopters all day.  have fun, be smart, wet? try later
Back home... for good! Miss STN  &lt;3
Back from training Feeling tiered and sore (opponent was 100kg  ) Now have a good night sleep
Awaiting Second Back operation...  Not to happy...  Roll on June..
Back on Long Island, and not very happy about it.   I miss youuu. &lt;3  #fb
Back to TweetDeck, #nambu is deeply broken, looks like its last update broke more than it fixed 
Back to the reality of Physical Therapy 
Back from work... Food and beer a must. Few hours off in the morning then back in 
Nice relaxing day. Watched Curious Case of Benjamin Button then marathon Deadliest Catch on demand. Back 2 work 2morrow 
Back on my midnight grind again...this is getting fucked up...Insomnia is better than this 
Back to CVS. More meds for Parker Baby. 
Back in Kzoo....back to reality 
Back at home after a long weekend in TX.  It's just as hot here as there 
Comming Back From Hilton Head. Tired 
Back from the Repo Road Trip of awesome. Miss everyone I met this week already... 
I am about to crash from the long long day that I have had. Tomorrow is going to be hard. Back to the real world. Test tomorrow 
Damnit! I'm out of API hits for the night. I wish there was a way to reset it. Anyone know? Back to school for some tech work tomorrow.. 
@jordanknight Awww Jordan!  You need to take care of yourself!  Back injuries are nothing to mess w/ 
Back in the Creek. Left wallet in Meg's car  and my phone is dead lol...watching some tv and bed. good night!
Philly was awsome.........  Bars close too early tho. Cheesesteak super yummy. Back to work tomorrow 
Don went to fill my scrips.  Back to eating toast.  Got sick before leaving the qwk care. Yuk. 
Had a Great 2 Days off! I could have done without the speeding ticket though.--Back, to, life. Back, to, re-a-li-ty!--Laredo here I come 
Back home ... so sad  time heals everything, I know, I know. Dreamland, here I come.
Back to work after a lovely 5 day weekend with Andi. Its been great, now back to reality 
Back after a 2 hour expedition to get @naomicreek come druuugs. Cos druugs are goood m'kay? Peak hour traffic isn't tho 
Back to Mysore and work and feeling really tiered....never liked traveling early in the morning 
Back at it after a day in bed after a very dodgy chinese, took out most of the family (youngest doesn't eat chinese)  - Almost recovered.
Back to Coventry Day 2. More client abuse probably 
Back from Munich ... back to work ... 
Back home with no Belle  Please let him be ok
@LouiseYourQueen Back in Sg. Without my check in lugguge... 
@JohnLloydTaylor Back in America already!? nooo 
Just when you're about to forget... BAM. Back they come. 
@MissScrumptious Back home in Atlanta. 
Back from school. My new flip flops scrapped the skin off my feet. 
Back to study.  Vanavond vergadering Caritas!!
Back with George on the air this a.m.- I actually had to get dressed for work this a.m.!  No pjs 
Relaxed after Shower. Back to Science. 
Back to work today  http://myloc.me/40Zi
Back in Black... I'm having trouble with this riff... 
Back to work and its ugly out! Whyyyy  I miss you dear Florida.
Back from errands. Found out I didn't get job I interviewed for last week, darn it 
Yep...didn't make it. Back in bed hoping to sleep this off. 
Back from the Lakes. Nice week. Not long enough really and got sucky at the end thanks to a cold!  But fun while it lasted!
Back to work.  Conference was good! Looks like my friends missed me as much as I have missed them!
Glad to be home! Back to work tomorrow 
Back from hospital, BP not great. Had to have blood tests  On brighter side, off to Thorpe Park tomorrow 
Back in Dublin and back to work tomorrow..   Am off to check out how my new camcorder works...
Back in the office  Booo can't wait until 5!! No over time tonight!
Back in Vancouver. It is very nice and not hot or humid here. Not too happy to be back. 
Back from Germany still have a 5 hour layover in new York. Bleh 
Back from a lung-buster of a ride over Cannock Chase. Seriously unfit  http://twitpic.com/7k8u8
sorry for not responding immediately - car issues and a wicked storm in TN. Back to Firestone 
Back in the Bay Area, and back at work.  
Back at TEC, just had lunch and now working in Proyect, my PC is still broken... 
Back form the Gym. Everything hurts but if i want to go to Mexico and not look fat, I need to work out.and not eat tortilla 
Back from sunny Scarborough and back to work 
@hyperhellen1 Ouch!! Yep would defo recommend it. Back pain is the worst 
just a pic of Orlando Bloom without a shirt.....he has the same tat tht I wnt on his belly!!! WTF? Back to the drawin board I guess 
My vacation is now over. Tonight is just another school night. Back to the grind tomorrow 
No more Fontana for me. Back to The Dino  
 Ted is gone for three whole weeks on drill. I miss him already. Back to studying for my midterm..
@jordanknight  Sorry to hear about your back. Back pain sucks balls! But, I hope it gets better soon. ;)
Ahh yeah. Back at the gym. I think I can smell the Patron seeping out my skin.  
Back to reading transcripts for article on NOLA. Makes me so sad for my city. 
Ohhhh hole in mouth, how it pains me!... Back home in bed now...  I hurt.... http://yfrog.com/5gqwkaj
@bakeraustin But its not the official Spinal Tap Back From the Dead album complete with dvd, action figures, and the pop-up stage  lol
@dbam01 believe it or not it wouldn't be the first time somebody used one in my name...Back in '02 a &quot;friend&quot; stole my ID to get a loan! 
@MarthaStewart Hurry Back .... I hate the repeats 
Back on Twitterfon since Twitterific (paid!) stopped working a few days ago 
Smoke break over. Back to work.   1hr  19mins  35secs to go
I had a really good time at the Taking Back Sunday show, I just wish Al would have not backed out... 
Morning all. It's gonna be a busy day today. Back at work after some leave, went by typically fast.  Glad to be back though *grin*
@brainstuck: @thenewbnb Back when I was young, it was still VCR time. I bought the cassette. He Man movie ruined my childhood 
Back to Kharagpur... 
Back at work after a nice LONG weekend 
@MillerTyme224 @j3rome @LaLaLori Thanks for the bday wishes! I was out clos to you in Wisconsin drinkin some good suds! Back to work now 
Back in Bacolod, back to reality. 
Come Back To Me.  (music) http://plurk.com/p/11kmhm
Ok, dotster is a bust as they can't take .co.uk domain names.  Back to the drawing board 
OMG!!!  the sun's out today!!!  Unfortunately it will only make an appearance today.  Back to rain tomorrow and for the weekend. 
Clinical Education ;) Back in the evening... later on... 7:pm-9:30pm,.. medical physics tutorial.. 
Back from the beach  No class at 7 AM  I'll call to another teacher soon.
Suffering with a hangover of biblical proportions!  Popping a few Neurofens and Back to bed me thinks...!
@calvinharris Only in Back To The Future... 
Back from city, mt lawley &amp; Nth perth...  dance class is full~
Back from the vacation in lovely Budapest. Mails &amp; chockstart at work, and on top of that I have caught a bad cold. Not my week or day 
Back @ work from a sick day  Ehhh..........
Currently 8am in Miami and would have been on way to pool  Back at work tomorrow.
Field trip with patricks class. Back to reality tomorrow 
Yummo, coffee and Milano's (just 2) for breakfast!  Back to work.   See y'all later!
Back from Kingston, packing for Halifax... weather not so good there so I might not take the camera. 
Back at work   Enjoyed yesterday off!  Almost made me think about being a stay at home mom! hhhmmmm
UNCW was great!  Back to work - rainy day 
Things not looking good regarding my Wife &amp; I becoming homeowners  Back to the drawing board, evaluating rental properties in same area
Back at work today, very shook after the weekend! Will report more tomorrow... too sick to concentrate! 
Morning tweeples! Back on my grind... I'm a little bit homesick... I hate that feeling... That's why I don't go to NY that often... 
Back to DAT studyin 
Is up and packing... Back to Florida I go (:  
Holy cow. Phone disconnected. Back to square one. Reconnect. Inbox (32) C'mon continue scanning! There were at least 200+ just now. 
Back at work   Ugh i wish i were still in St. Louis soaking up the sun and having the time of my life! We'll be back!  #squarespace
Back pain now mostly gone. Headache still here. Fever gone. Still puking unfortunately. Can't even keep down water. 
We just had a power cut  Stupid people! Back up and running now!
Back from school. I've done my homework. I've took a shower and I'll do some sports in a few minutes. Tomorrow is the politic exam. oh no 
Back in St helier. First time in Jersey but enjoying it so far. Pity I'm working  http://yfrog.com/5fi7tj
Back in NL, was hoping to check out the studio with Toky aka. Rumenige, didn't manage it in the end due to the flight time 
cried my makeup off yuck. Massive headache. Back to the wake at seven 
Oh dear, my lack of tweeting is quite shameful!! :O Back from gym after training, sore knee  And have just caught up on GG! Nate and B ...
Back from the gym... Not sure if it was a good workout or just a successful one meaning that I went...LOL.. Feeling numb... 
Back from Melbourne.... it's raining again 
Back in Vegas  
@hwall1018 Twittermom just knew that ankle wasn't ready for class yet! (It sounds good anyway) Back to RICE huh. 
Back in the ill Mil  Someone come and get me!
Gone for ... 3 hours . Back later . Without my dog  Xx
we take 2 steps fwd n 3 steps back. Back in the ICU again. 
Back to the studio for another long night.  Gotta get it done!
Back to work tomorrow   Boy did I enjoy my five days off!
Back in Texas. No air conditioning. 
Back from vacation.  Airline lost one of our carseats.  
Back home... Ho hum. 
Back to work  Dont know what happened..but efficiency getting poorer ;(   whats the formula for efficiency (eta) ?
@nickjonas @ reply Come Back!! 
@witnessamiracle Hi Eunice! It was good! H1N1 cut short my holidays. Back to work tomorrow. 
Back from Germany 
Back to bangalore. Already missing parents and oh its seems i got loads of work. I want to be back home 
Back in Cbus for the night...then I return to the land of dial up internet and working retail   Ugh..put me back in college please
Climbed 105 flights of stairs for 2.19 miles at gym 2nite. No pain in back like running this morning. Sweet! Back still crazy sore though 
Now time to eat, more drinks and more gambling!!! Back to SF tomorrow  Gosh I'm so sun burnt!
Back home, the show was &quot;okay&quot;...slightly disappointed.  Checking e-mails then going to bed!
Hot streak is over. Back to getting coolered and cold-decked on Full Tilt. 
Back from my first ride on my new bike.  Bike rode extremely well.  Went over the handle bars due to an obstical I didn't see though. 
Back in Riverside... due to circumstance 
Last day in Ecija    Back home tomorrow night 
Back in work,, at least it's not raining.  Upgraded the software on my iPhone, but the mms doesn't work &amp; it should  not happy
Back into dreary today.  Oh, and for the next five days! 
Back and Neck is hurting 
Ughh Grade 8's are Back From Quebec Todaay  Eww
Physio has given up on me. Back to GP for alternative solutions 
Recording canceled  What a BITCH. Back to bruising my mind with more incapacitating work.
Back from the gym...in pain.  Have to go return my air pop-corn popper to Walmart - it was smashed.  
Back to work at the crack of Christ as usual...feeling so sick today! 
Back in office talking about #Birminghamcarnival.  Being made to go   No info on the site - bun it http://www.birminghamcarnival.co.uk/
On Day 4 of Shape Up Texas Health, I had half of a chocolate muffin for breakfast.     Back on the wagon for lunch!!   ;-)
Back to the real world today; feeling a little better. Now I'm hungry! Got my appetite back..no food in sight. 
Just came back from Hospital (Step-dad broke his legt a few months ago - routine check.) Back to the grind.... 
@belledejour_uk I was going to suggest checking the Way Back Machine for NightJack archives, but they've even blocked that 
Crikey Moses, was in and out of the Post Office in less than a minute!! And the stamp I needed was only 90p wooh! Back to work now  tired!
Back from school, had to ride home. My legs hurt 
Back in Jakarta,the place where I(don't) belong 
@SongzGirl Lol! We shall see! I like that I'm Followen u!  I don't Like not being Followed Back! (Wink!) 
Our mail servers were down for a day, so apologies for any late replies  Back and running now. Thanks @chris_long for ficksin tings
Back pain is just terrible...take it from me!  Nothing is helping the pain 
Back in the UK in 24 hours. Didn't manage to set up a 4iP Venice Beach office unfortunately 
Back from the Post Office &amp; I forgot 2 take this letter, but I don't feel like going back.  I did like 50 good deeds at once, though! 
Back at work in TN.  Miss my MD friends already !   Lauren, Def Leppard will be here in August!  Bring ur mom, too!
Back in JH now for several days of rain. 
Back in Omaha. The Excursion is over. 
Damn lunch hour's over. Back to work. Play time done for another 5 hours. 
Back from Miami 
Its soooo hot out here today! No more nice weather! Back 2 the real Vegas in the Summer! 
@Sunshine617 no from what I know  sorry. From what I know he doesn't
Back in Eulenbis. Land of no internet 
Back from the hospital. I feel like I'm going to pass out. Thank goodness @lesendir is here with me in case I do pass out. 
Back on my trusty thinkpad r50.  Now I have to wait for Woot.com which took nearly 2 wks to ship it, to rma my laptop, woohoo 
Back from Urgent Care, @cabottomboy will survive. No good drugs given 
On way home from the beach... Listening to the Hannity show. Back to reality &amp; the Recession 
Back. Watched the craziest movie ever!!! &quot;Tricked you. Ha ha. HA!&quot; it was the part when the girl had to kill her puppy  but it was funny
They already sold my Ducati   Back to hoping and dreaming.
Back in the States after an incredible week in Cabo!! I'm really going to miss seeing the beautiful ocean every morning when I wake up 
Back to office.. I don't want to go.. Nothing works 
My tongue ring chipped one of my teeth.  Thankfully it's a tiny, barely noticeable chip on one of my bottom teeth. Back to acryllic rings.
Back to work tomorrow! Morning shift 6am.. Ewwww 
New set of matching 00g plugs. All holes filled ~not a euphemism (I wish)  ~ Waffle delish. Back to needle and thread!
Back from gym. Lost zune  Grillin steaks  packing for early morning flight  Seeing old and new friends tomorrow afternoon 
Back home and missing JR more than ever. 
Back in le sydney. Sighhh.. Melbourne I'm missing yo already. 
Took sick to go out for the remainder of girls' night. Back @ hotel 
..Back bathroom successfully demolished.Started @ 6:30.Done @ 10:30 w/cleanup.So much easier with help.Thanks guys! Sorry about the mold 
Back in the room, I feel like I'm in Vacancy! 
Don't wanna go to school. getting ready and everthing. Back at home: 3 p.m. 
Back in Melbourne 
Back kept me awake last night. May need a trip to Chiropractor today. 
In Seattle for a day. Filled with client meetings and presentations. Back on the red eye to NY Friday night. Shortened weekend for me 
Back in humid Hawaii, ready to get back to business. By getting back to business I mean go on another vacation. 
Back in Bradford then off to Manchester.  No biking this weekend  but impressed with my efforts this week. Banishing lazy girl!
Clatu Verata Nicto... shit I can't even spell it.  Back to S Mart for me 
Going home today.Back to kolkata.Dont know if I will be able to be on net for the coming days.Bad for me! 
Test tomorrow-- Have to mug up quite a lot.. Wish i had a better memory  Back to books..
Back from BCN 
Quick hello with my latte and carrot cake slice to #elevensestime tweeps inc the verdant @MartinGBEdwards and @iamamro. Back 2 worl 4 me 
Just woke up and looked at my phone and had 98 text. They were all jake and thania talking about joe. Hahaha. Back to bed. I can't sleep. 
Back in Hull. At work from now until 9pm  this will be a loooooong day.
Back at work.. missing Percoten lol since i can't take it here   Wonder if we got some tylenol...
Ummm. Back to lab work. 
Back in from town. Was going to buy a computer arts magazine. But it was more than a fiver  I'll go up another time :/
@blinktwice4y so does &quot;3000 Miles From Home&quot; 
Mail sent. Back to #TwitSnaps. Hmm, wish I could share what's gonna happen..but I really can't 
Back is rather ouchy  Bus was pretty painful!
Back in Leeds now. Need to sleep, up at 6 this morning 
The Envy On the Coast, Anberlin and Taking Back Sunday concert in Baltimore is sold out.  Serious sad face...
Back on the job hunt.  again..that trip to California would be very lovely right about now. Anytime people!
@Blogography I still am sad I never rode the Back To The Future ride.  
Back in Redlands. Off to Riverside. 
Done work for the weekend!!! Back on monday morning tho 
's lunch break is coming to a close.  Its kind of hot and humid today but nice if you're in the shade. Oh well. Back to filing and dod ...
Back in the office.....just when the sun looked like it was coming  oh well TGIF!!
Back in Dubois.  two jamie pittsburgh Tinnick less weeks 
Last day 2day  Goin out to an italian 4 t. Back to training for europeans as of monday! 5 days till Europeans yasss!
Back to UNR. Bahhh. Wanna go HOMEE!!! I miss ashlee! 
Back from the highlands and resting. Stomach hurts from too many banana peppers &gt;&lt; Now I think my PC may be on its last leg 
Back in irvine. Crap wont be able to sleep at all...slept too much in the car 
Back from Cuba, Now my boobos is leaving to Saudi 
Back in the C-Bus late. Will have to wait till tomorow for my 3G S  ready to celebrate the evening w/ Mr. Meanie Wells
Back after a long time! Just had avocado salmon at St. Paul - Twin cities. Busy on project with limited internet access. Hard to tweet 
Back to Dubai, and immediately back to work... 
Back to reality . Leaving paradise tomorrow 
Back from a movie. . going to sleep. . Packing tomorrow for regional camp and Fitchburg. Gonna be away from GVegas for a few weeks 
Just relaxing at home.  Kids are out.  Just me and the &quot;man&quot; putting our feet up.  Back to work on sunday. 
Back in California! Happy to go see the puppies but sad to have left the islands 
Such an amazing day. Sad to see it come to an end. Back to reality tomorrow 
Back home from a great night at the Ex with Caroline. Got some really nice pictures! Wish @Harding007 had come with 
Back home @orcon dsl still playing up and @orcon support not replied to last week's support request. service FAIL 
@lambo_weezy Aww Ur Going Back 2 Miami Already 
Back! Fun night and only 1.5 hours sleep! Wooooo! Then we went to Starbucks this morning to find it closed 
Back from lessons. It was a DRAG.. Yawnn. why my t707 havent arrive. getting impatient!  Just now chewy jnr calling me, i nvr buy!! :p
Back Home, again #ubuntu fucked my day  ,waiting to gv F11 disk
Still up and packing. How did I always underestimate how long this takes?  Back to work 
Back in Brussels tomorrow 
Back home after a great week in Lanzarote. Although as usual one day back and I don't feel like I've been away!!  rubbish English weather
Away to find something to eat for breakfast  Since no one seems to be making me breakfast in bed 
Back from a short bike ride. Too hot for more. My cell is bad news for typing 
Sore throat and eyes and head and ears  I want to lie in bed and feel sorry for myself. But no, Bungo in the Back Lanes beckons.
Back from town. Queue a mile long at barbers, will go back later when quieter. Sorted our euros at post office.  Mr Mundane, that's me 
Back to the lampshade for Jonny  Bad dog.
Wasted a entire day yesterday. Back to work today. I think I am getting to old to party after bedtime. 
Back home after my 2 weeks in the sun to the usual sh*te weather in Manchester 
Back at the hotel. Visited a modern temple with great architecture but overbearing security. No cameras = no pictures 
Well. Back to reality in a couple days. I think it just hit me that i have to leave. 
Back from town with Daniel, off to work at four   XxX
Back from town with Daniel, off to work at four  XxX
Back nda da Boro wit 10min to get to work, not lookn forward to this double shift an extra tired  until I rest good day twitterland!!!
One day before being left alone in Cambridge   Out now to shop for groceries for a nice homecooked meal though!
Back in Pittsburgh 
Back to a new garden plan .. mites and fungus have been getting the better of me   ( Sleepy day - fighting the fatigue &amp; symptoms )
Back to work on Monday! Gah! 
Back in Tel-Aviv.oh how the weekends fly by so fast 
Confirmed both drives bad. Nice quality control Seagate. Back to Newegg they go. 
Feeling GREAT since the Chiropractor appt.  Back to writing.  Wishing I could take a nap bc I woke up at 7 and couldn't fall asleep again 
Back home...              I miss NYC...
Back 4m holiday, blackberry still doesn't work.   NOT HAPPY!!!!!
Back ache  Madd at conor. hes such a dick head! &gt;
Back from ardeche. Want to go back asap, but i know i cant 
Back in Oz. Slept most of the way. Headache from dehydration tho. 
Computer reformatted (again) Back to Vista 
Am tired like I've been most of this week,though I havent actually done much,its been a bit topsy-turvy.Back and shoulder a bit achy too 
Just had Chick-fil-A. Back to work now. 
Back home in Medway for summer! Missing my girls immensely already though. 
Been such a busy day!!! Back hurts 
Back in Nebraska after a great time in Estes. Stress-free right now. Throw that out the window come Monday. #fb. 
Back to the dungeon for me. AKA Antioch. 
Back from 7 hours at the rink. Brrr 
Bummer, dad's already south of Toledo.  So he'll be home earlier than I thought. Back to the crazy place....    Yikes, I need to clean!!
Back 2 work  Sad day!!!
Back to Texas.......  
Blu-Ray player not playing Transformers and not connected to network either, despite screen showing otherwise. Back to Best Buy tomorrow. 
Has landed in Calgary. Back to reality!  boo
Back on the razr until weds or thursday... They're sending me a new phone. Boo keypads 
@bReAdZbAyBe Awww I tried 2 call ur phone is off  Call me Back when u can please http://myloc.me/4LoT
What up twitter? Ain't hollered at yall all day... Back to feeling sick 
Boo! Tomorrow is my last full day in Florida  Back to Connecticut where I won't see women in bikinis everyday.
Technology suxs.  why can't we use empty cans and string to talk to each other? Or write letters? Back to the basics!!! Lolz xD
Back in puerto ricoooooo! Burnt as shit!  btw did odie have her baby?
Lunch eaten, L Word episode watched. Back to cleaning 
Back To Square one.. sigh.. pain is neverending 
Sigh. Going to Heathrow today to see my little bro and sis off. Back to normality in Chong Palace. 
Back home... Task still not done 
Back from Sparrow Hill, sore and tired, but not broken. Can't say the same for the Instigator 
Back from the movies... It was ok. Today was a long day I'm extra tired! Gotta be at work in a few hours 
Finally home, very stoned and sleepy. Back to LA tomorrow 
Back from Coles. Sometimes i feel like i could literly spend a whole afternoon there scoping out bargins. Also could not find my skittels 
Back home from Stonehenge. Enjoyed the 1st few peaceful hrs until I got injured by a herd of drunken idiots who thought I was invisable 
Back to work and The Chief tomorrow  Could be worse....
Back home at the Black forest... now i miss my friends near stuttgart   god damned! xD &gt;&gt; Could it be Love when i want to kiss him? &lt;&lt; xD
On the way to work  mamas taking me and we're listening to Taking Back Sunday
Back in the apartment. Ohh I miss the family already  Last night was awesomeee
OMG I can't unzip @wale's Back to the Feature!!! 
Back from Paris 
Back again... grandma had no great day  Getting difficult and hard to stand... she didn't even recognize me...
Back off holiday. Depressed. Yesterday I was walking on the beach in shorts and t-shirt. Today I am freezing cold in the NW of England 
Back in tampa, now with cell phone service! My back hurts and i'm sunburnt.  but still awesome.
Back from Dublin 
Back from Bali  back to reality and more H1N1 cases.
Back in the U.S  Headed to Cumberland to give my dad some fathers day lovin'
Back went out  Stuck in bed. Can't move. God help me if i have to poop.
Back to work,  Stupid holiday homework. :'(
Back in Campbell River ... still sick 
 Depressed that SCHOOL starts tmr. Sentosa... Idm rainnnnnn. Back to waking up (very) early again. Haiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Back to HK, back to work 
Back ome ! Tired ! Having a bad headache. 
Alright... Comin' home soon! Weekend's over  Back to reality :'(
http://twitpic.com/80cyn - Teppanyaki at Sagano - my quota is up for this month. Back to detox mode. 
Back in Windsor after going home to see the parents this weekend. Left early to go to the gym (mad?!) and now I miss them all 
Of course, the day I leave the sun is shining  Back to the Inland Empire... gross!
Back from Lunch with the folks ate too much again now i feel sick! 
Bummed I missed Edgefest  Hope everyone had an awesome time. Back in the city Thursday.
just back home after a week in Ibiza  Back to work tommorow 8.00am now the depressions starting to kick in!
Back in Holland 
Back from the races. Good times. Cried lots saying good bye to Ellie and Owen, who are going to Spain next year. 
Back from my 10hour shift! Happy fathers day people... I'm ill  can't believe the last silverstone grand prix is over  gonna miss it!
Ahhhh lunch was good. Back to work.  take care of your livers yall don't want it to look like this.http://yfrog.com/6pb93j
Back in Va Beach   hoping to enjoy the sun before the day's gone.
SORE. Back from ortho, gotta go get a shot 
Back From Lois'! What was the point in going if we did bugger all 
Back from Vegas...tear.. 
Back in Dallas, boo  need to unpack and do laundry, will prb take a nap and head to gym instead
Well, night all. Back to the real world tomorrow, which means oh-six-fifteen alarm noises 
Back How come No 1s checking my pics 
Lazy day w/Kailey today.  Back to work tomorrow.  
Back to the boro.  starting to move shit out... Wishing I was getting pasta, Karen style tonight
Back at work now till FOREVER 
Back from Incredible Pizza and now have to pay the piper and finish my day of work.  #fb
Pain of webforms: Just wrote 3 meaty paragraphs on transhumanism, hit a link instead of Submit, new page, clicked Back button. No post 
Back home from IN  Wish I was back up there
Back fourwheeler Needs a New Batterie  so i couldnt drive it DAMN it! lol
@PileOfSaulaGoo Back to Germany...  I've been packing and getting things organized all day.
Back home and dividing Mom's things.....heartbreaking 
Back from taking @musicisforever_ 's laptop to school, turns out they could do nothing for it  Said bye to my fave teachers, sad times.
Back in Sacramento 
Supper was good. Back to work now 
@BrainTwitch thats what i SAID. unfortunately, itunes says Back Up, You Betta. 
@LuciMahon Not too bad. Back I'm school for junior concert now. 
Back at work after a nice 3 day weekend. But I'm a little sad.  Ed McMahon died. 
My Sister,Niece and Nephew are coming Back to live with us. I don't know if I should be happy because they Always Mess my Room up 
Back to Crankshaft Department 
Omg they gave me a non-reservation ticket. Back in line fml 
@sarahudd Back at work.  Missin' the girls though.  
@lstoll I know - I've had it plenty. Word: Gimmee more TravelBug! Lotto: gimme money! ... nope. Back to work 
So... Anaphylaxis, huh? Back to the hospital! 
Back getting better. Kind of skipped over #3 and started on #4 IT'S SO SAD!!!!  No more Jess.  Gonna get a new sketch book tomorrow!! ^^
Sigh...at my favourite food court to write on my day off and my laptop battery says it has 30min at full charge  Back to handwriting!
So I'm having an awesome week...Birthday, transformers 2, adtr...Back to work tomorrow though 
had a lot of fun tonight at Gay Men's Coffee. *sigh* Back to the grind tomorrow. Really hate old people. Like, seriously hate old people. 
My Back Hurtssssssssss Eeeeeekkk   Massage ???  -_-
My Back Hurtssssssssss Soooo Badddly Eeeeeekkk  Massage ??? -_-
My Back Hurtssssssssss SoOoo Baddd :[ Eeeeeekkk  Massage ??? -_-
Back in the rat race ... Commuting to work no more beaches and sun and sand and ... 
Good morning ladies and gentlemen...!!! Back in the office  One more day of my going in to the gutter to keep my gut alive 
Back at work... Joy... Looks like at least the weather will be good... Missing the Al 
Dammit. Spoke to soon, http://bit.ly/H5rn4  - Back to the heat and high pollen this afternoon 
iPhone Nummer 8, Cracks in the Back. @tmobile_iphone Dit word mij een beetje teveel 
Back from shopping. Bought me green shoes. @joujabee thinks I look like a frog. 
Back from walk around the water today. Saw lots I doggie friends but Mum didn't let me play with any 
Back from hospital yesterday! Less yellow, but have gall stones  so low fat diet for me!
Back from my moved choir rehearsal. Didn't have much new, sops a bit insecure. We basically sung the same two pieces 12 times each or so. 
Back to my second world ...Amazing Thailand...I shall savour it as I don't know if i'll make it next year 
Back Home 
Back to Ankara from a really sad traffic accident story 
Back from Holiday &amp; connected to the world again!  Fantastic weather &amp; no work for 2 weeks - Got to go to work tomorrow tho 
Electricity off this morning. Weird but got to sleep in. Back on again. Now I have to get ready and get going.  - http://bkite.com/08T0u
Tried to get podpress to work last night, no joy. Back to it later - but busy busy day  I just want to play with my podcasts....
Holy crap. Back from S'pore, pregnant with huge food baby. Will miss Milo Dinosaur   
Has Just Came Home From New York And Wants To Go Back Sooo Much  x
@BluntBloke Was in Barcelona for Sonar followed by a fab day at Wimbledon. Back at work now... 
Need some encouragement!! Papa Rooo and I are falling apart. Back to back Triple Bogey's +12 after 6. 
Back from work which I could not leave early, of course. Grocery shopping done as well. Now for the remaining items on my to-do list 
Back from the gym and theres no milk in the house. This is why i should have a PA. Also forgot my PIN number weed might be affecting me 
@RachieRach3 Trip is going great, thanks! I think I burned yesterday, but the storm is gone and weather is fantastic. Back on Sunday. 
Back and Ignored. 
Back from physiotherapy! It was bad  my Achilles lendon hurts 
Back home now. Did not find anything good. 
Yep... I knew it had to come one day... Back to work it is... 
Back from the morning walk.  Worked up a sweat and I wasn't even outside. 'Course, no exercise is needed to work up a sweat outside now. 
Back from the air and space museum. About to leave hotel. Leaving DC soon 
Back on the 7am train ... Rubbish! Only for 3 days though! 
Back from camp!! YAY!! What did I miss? 
Feels like shit. Simple as. Back to sleep  x
Getting read 4 a good day. Yesterday, couldn't get focused and drank too much coffee. Back to healthier tea 2day! 
Def off now...unexpected day out tomorrow so stuff has to get done today. Back later, have a productive and fun day all 
Back in the Palace of Arts to rehearse. Everyone was a bit more chirpy this morning  Sounding good!
Hurrah! Someone is listening! Delay so long, have now missed meeting. Back home to walk dog and reschedule 
Back from europe. Appreciating the states 
I am now friends with &quot;The Clipboard Man At The Back&quot; 
Back home!  Bought a yummy sandwich on my way back. Feeling very tired. Might take a nap.
Back in Stoke on my lonesome  Only two weeks to go though. And then I shall be freeeeeeeeee 
Back home, achy muscles. Need a massage  Fight night tonight! I wanted to spend time with the twins but it's beautiful in NYC! 
@PocketPattz Back to being dazzling. *sigh* Knock 'em dead boss. 
Back from walk, Just had a sarni while watching Jackie Chan on 5 lols. Going to load up the 360 see whos playing what and join someone 
Back to work for me... Twitt ya'll laterz 
Awesome weekend at @kenanflagler - enjoying career panels, meeting new students, and scheduled naptime.  Back for Taste of Chapel Hill!
wow, i've been listening to Back Around a lot. 
Back from Mel's and Q's Birthday party. Sleeeeep. Band practice tomorrow with Sen Ranuth 
I have no friends on twitter so I guess I'm posting this one to myself.  Hello self.   Back to facebook!
Back home. Just finished a late night chat with Mum  now it's bedtime.
Listening to Back Around by Demi Lovato. ... Never Heard it before. but  I like it. 
Back from Cluster meeting. I should start cleaning my room 
@budi - Back to Caps Lock mode?  Yaaaay, miss those time 
Back to business with brand new mac install but not without 17hours lost... Contact me for Return of Experience 
Back from the Duke-Wilson wedding. Congrats guys 
Back from Movie World.. next time we are going to Wet N Wild! I don't overly care what my sisters say. haha 
Is lovin my husband and could not be more happy than I am... Lovin life  Cant wait to get my 5 speed! Back to the old days he he he
@jodiekearns he was in his prime in Bring 'em Back Alive 
Back in Dublin 
Just Came Back From Chix-Chox =] Gabby Had a little accident  SoggyBottom! Harry to Blame..
Back from Tenby! 
@Kevin_Wolf good on ya. Back to your movie report. 
hey does anybody know how to Rip From HiruFm?  arosha malli,buthaya machan  u can do a stereo mix recording f.. http://tinyurl.com/cndt5b
Back to warm, humid weather! Hurray! 
Time to catch up on work. Back to the advertising salt mines - and I still can't help but love it. Oh, what a dysfunctional relationship 
Back home!! I have to say,, I love Amsterdam!! Dude, that city is amaaaazing  And loved the gig aswell, except for all the pushing :s
Cleaning my house today! Somebody has to do it and it sure won't be my husband or my dogs! LOL!  Back to mopping floors.
Back in a bit! Have fun while I'm away 
Back from that mission! Sorting and uploading photos 
Back from the hang out = me and Ann.was great  We're beautiful and dirty rich 
@PianoGeek Hey! Back atcha! 
Back in Cali, suckas!   - http://bkite.com/06E76
Back to work day for pupils &amp; teachers in Bradford - couldn't be nicer really, possibly a degree or so warmer but, not whinging 
@tommcfly Back to the future!!  And have a great tour! Shame I can't come see you. 
Back to work after nice weekend. Hey ho! Lovely sunny morning though. 
Back at school today. . . Atleast the sun's shining. 
Hi! Back after a short easter break  Right now we are mailing some pepole we need to speak to. Hugs
Back at work again. Working out what meaningful goals to pursue. First is a cup of coffee. GTD = Do little bits often 
Back at the grindstone. Grinding away 
Back from Malvern, had a great weekend - back to work and trying to sort my summer of festivals out 
Ahhhhh.... Back to work.     *BreBre@tmomail.net*
Back in business after a week of holiday  Planning exciting events to come for @belighted.
Back at work today, only marginally better than being sick! Miss F looking HOT today :-o Off to lunch soon 
@Tardis_Girl Welcome Back 
@leecarter77 Back in 1977/78, I was directing nightly news for ABC in Peoria &amp; shooting stories during the day. Ah, those were the days! 
Back to work. Good mornin kids 
Back at work but must eat first. Leftover Chinese is calling me 
Back to work with a bang...too much work to do in not enough time.....Oh well, the Sun is shining!  x
Back to work  Adding a bunch of Retro Handbags, Antique Cameras and a gorgeous Monroe Formal Dress www.modhumanvintage.com
Back from Talciona, IT... sigh 
@sonia62 I was in fax last wknd! Back to my spiritual home...The aka!  I may see you on Friday after boxing then! Goin loco down in aca...
Zoom zoom! Back to bristol today I have my bear in the car he waves at people for me  http://short.to/5hlv
w00t! Just taken the plunge and invested in a dedicated server to run my sites Playportal, Playstuff, Woofday and Scratch my Back   
Back onto surf4wine later to write blog post and upload new wines/photos. Bit behind with online wine life 
Is Back in France 
ahh...home sweet home!!!  unpacking and getting ready for my busy day tomorrow! &quot;Back to the Grind!&quot;
Back from work...it was dead tonight...but I was a ROCKSTAR! *LOL* thanks for the comments on my pics guys! 
Back home from the racetrack.  Where we were rained  out yet again!  But at least the &quot;Nitro Dogs&quot; were good.  Hot and spicy!! 
@billbeckett I liked Match Point.  And Back to the Future is EPIC! It was one of my favourite shows as a kid. :3
Bailey's on Broadway... Pretty cool place... Back to the Alley soon to talk to the cutie 
waiting to fly out to Naples. Back in a week 
Back at Marseille 
Off To Get A New TV    Back In A Bit
Back fro this morning's training ride, 57ish miles, very windy. PowerTap currently downloading 
Back from this morning's training ride, 57ish miles, very windy. PowerTap currently downloading 
Back in Jakarta . No bus ride from the plane today, yay 
Back from shops, saw a famouse authour  Goin for a walk and drink now. x
Back from the post office, once again Emmy was centre of attention 
Back from town, got a t-shirt from Topshop and some sandshoesss 
Back to Cecil-tucky for a bit. Looking at boarding barns with the roomie and dropping some things off at home. Be back.....eventually 
Back online. Film was awesome 
@SilverSunSet It's supposed to be in the 60s, but also cloudy with about a 30% chance of rain in the afternoon. Back to you, Tim. 
Done for the day. Back again tomorrow at 9.45 
Back from snowboarding, way to busy for me.. Thinking of doing some more Java today 
Popular Expat Term in Vietnam: LBH = Loser Back Home 
Back from Envthon &amp; blissful days of nature  Psyched for prom. Pondering possibilities that will unfold--AP Tests, then...SUMMER
Back in N. Having yummy german food lunch!! 
Back from Greenhawk. Got my boots and chaps! 
Back home now. Veg watered and now unpacking. Got to do a violin practice &amp; sort out Moll costume for tomorrow 
Back from goin away  Best week ever for meeee xD I made new vids like Wipe Out parody like Speel Out (Dutch)
Back to Inglewood 
Back from Irvine.  It's a great place.
Back at Tabi's 
@monkeymagicstu I can't seem to reply directly to direct messages  I fly from Stapleford.  Back again today 
@_josh_thomas you look like a younger Doc Brown from Back to the Future!! 
@fox2mike Glad it's finally working, at least!  Back home safe and sound, I take it? 
Yippee! My friend gifted me the book &quot;Back of the napkin&quot; by Dan Roam!  http://www.thebackofthenapkin.com/
We had a power cut. Short circuit and electrical fire in office! All excitement done now. Back at the cubicle 
Back from shopping and recycle centre, had lunch. (Soup. Again) Now watching the #snooker 
Back from brilliant photo shoot and lunch at Pizza Hut  Going to take it easy this afternoon.
awake by myself. it's very peaceful with everyone else sleeping. i think i'll watch some Welcome Back, Kotter! 
Back at the Newark airport terminal waiting to board my flight. Going to see my Rayray this afternoon! 
Back from Florida, where we saw manatees and gators and more birds than I can count.  Turns out I can row a canoe, but only when I want.  
Back from breakfast with the parental unit. Next lunch with friends. Then hopefully a dose of Rockabillies for the rest of the day    #fb
@vnoutsourcing Right now... I'm going to school for a nursing deg.  Back then, I was looking into PM jobs.  Whatever would pay the bills
Back in Mumbai; home sweet home 
Back from March for Babies! Took us 45 minutes to walk the 3 miles. Not bad time for the twins  Thank you to ALL who donated/sponsored us!
Back from Barcelona 
Back from church-66 degrees out-hung laundry out on line-Hoping it might get a little warmer out!! Yay, I see some sunshine!!!   
Back from being the third wheel of Danny's date 
Back as @CRStengel after a weekend of &quot;guest twittering&quot; as @elizabeth_matt ... Feeling like myself again 
Back from the mall.  Feet hurt :\ Saw Menudo on tv. (: Jose looks good on a big screen tv 
Back after a weekend trip to Churchhill Downs 
Back - Act 2 
Back home. Long day. So exhausted. Hope everyone had a good weekend! 
Back from Alibaug. Brat is such a sport, he gaves no trouble. Was a good break 
Good morning all  Back into editing the show today! Yay!
Back from test, the audio was the exact same one from the CD! LOL! 
Back home. Miss Matt, as usual! Seeing him again Tuesday evening. 
Back at work after 4 great days off. Surviving by listening to some nice songs on my iPod 
Back at Uni again  hmm... start to work on a little school related project today..
Hello  Back to work today after a week of vacation !
Back in Athens! Had great time in Budapest 
Back to office. A bit strange after a short hollidays. But my MBP is without dead px and re-vamped with 4gb of ram. Monday is a bit nicer 
Back from x-men origins . Was surprisingly good 
A lovely weekend away at Kits Coty, now relaxed and well rested and ready for the week ahead.  Back on NNC in two weeks 
Back in the saddle after four awesome days with @leeprovoost and the old gang  Will try and avoid a tweet flood after a long radio silence
@alandavies1 Raining in Belfast too - and I promised myself I would clean my windows today.  Back to bed, then! 
says new layout! Back to default Plurk themes, yay. Pero dumugo ilong ko kaka-tweak sa font ha.  http://plurk.com/p/rprmr
Back from the Gym, and sorting through my Inboxes 
@lydia_teamgreen Marriage course is not running on either of the bank holidays in May. Back and running next week 
Back in from LI 2hours ago n still made it to work  yay me
I have to stop writing in Swedish or I'll lose my nice followers. Back on the international track 
Back from Sweden! It was great, hot and sunshine. Now i am walking around looking red  Back to the writing again!
Back at it, but had a GREAT weekend as a buffer 
Recovered now  Back to work!
Back to reality tomorrow. But I think I will dig me out a cigar and smoke me a good one. Yes i bought 3 boxes of the &quot;GOOD&quot; Ones 
Back at it after a weekend of working in the yard. Didn't open the laptop once, and I'm thankful. 
Back from NYC... convinced on moving to the LES by Fall 
Back then I didn't know why you were misunderstood. So now I see thru ur eyes, all that u did was love. Mama, I love you 
Back from NY...just ahead of the rain.  
Back fr Doctor &amp; officially hv v dry eyes ...  but at least nothing serious 
Back from SOAP, soooo fun. 
Back home! Feels great sitting in front of moi desk's 32' LCD 
Back again. Almost the last haul.  - at Wagner's Casa in Bend http://shz.me/5ke
Just got Back from the Gym Wanna chat with some new people  Lets talk! haha
Back from hospital. Doc says I'll live 
 &lt;&lt; Finaly Back to home..
Back from cycling 20 miles on virtually traffic free roads,the sun almost shining,new PB great start to the day 
Back from swimming, it was sooo much fun  haha  - I love you Mom xoxo &lt;333
Today's movie marathon: Empire Strikes Back, Return of the Jedi and THX138. Lazy sunday's on full mode 
Back at ya and Love ya too. And remember if you do decide to make a leap of faith and get out, i am here for you. 
Back from shopping  Managed to spend quite a lot... Successful Trip! 
Back from running in the Forrest  lovely weather! Starting a BBQ with friends! 
Back in Mass 
Back from cruise, updated a short entry on my cruise trip. Will upload all pictures by tmr after work. Gotta slp now... good nite 
Back from Notts and missing Nemhain already.. 
Back in CO. Heading to dinner with @kellyQwarren.  
Back in SB! Glad that the fire is dying! 
Back to the basics I think I made it... Fellas make some noise if you wanna be my replacement... 
Back from work...Coldstone was yummy  Counting my $$$ ... then to bed to dream about my back to back Keith concerts!!!
Back from Santa Monica+Beach for mothers day! I ate SO much sushi hahaha, I'm gonna explodeeee! New songs+video up myspace.com/wakeupca 
Back from Richmond, unfortunately. Did not go to the prom OR job hunting; went to a park in the dark and sang songs 
Skipped my Friday workout due to time issues.  Back on the schedule tomorrow. Feelings of dread consume me...... 
Back at it with my Chante crew, and my favorite seniors 
Back  Got everything done, just in time 
Dinner out with my family to celebrate my son's 20th birthday - it was great!  Back home for cake &amp; ice cream!   WOOOT!!!  
Be Right Back. I'm goona sleep first 
Back to part-time work for me    For now...
At the gate about to board for flight to EDI. Back here later, have a nice morning 
Back to work after a few hours of sleep... See what this day brings 
MyHouse has jumped the &quot;General Public&quot; shark, you guys. Its official. Back home and back gossiping about boys 
Back from holidays, going through email, running around crazy, off to HP event this afternoon, work is a cold shower without breakfast 
@josevg Gefeliciteerd Jo! Once you go Mac, you never go Back! 
Back to Taichung last night. Solaw Kalaok will be hold in an hour.I'm very intreseted in what Alice will do 
I'm Back  Tried to go on to twitter last night when we were driving up ! But no luck ! think i had the wrong password ??
thinks that gym &gt; exams. Back on the Keiser 
Back from Perth, just in time for lunch  Dvd to be done tonight and that'll give me 3 times this week, hoping for sunshine &amp; a long walk
Dinner time! Back later, Tweeple! 
Going to Handball practise. After that I'm going to see the musical &quot;Back on stage&quot; Really looking forward to that! 
Back to the library I go! For another English Lit. revision session 
my doctor's appointment. Back home after all that...then I might go get my eyebrows waxed  Text it &lt;3
Back from school. Eating lunch and listening to JB! 
Malpensa airport... Back to ldn in a couple hours 
Back from somewhere. Bought some jeanss  Watching tv like always......
Back from Britt's grad. She gave me a rose when they were giving flowers to their families  Off to see a friend who's in from Cali. Later!
Back at the house...Made some money and proved to myself that I can take care of a child under the age of 2 
Back Home from work..wow what a night ! gonna unwind with photoshop and turn on the BSB ..live love laugh ppl 
Back home drinkin' a beer &amp; watchin' Sopranos...There's nothing like relaxing at home 
Back in France, hello friends!  - http://bkite.com/07yvd
Back from Sydney. Awesome weekend! Partying, live music, tattoos and a painful swollen ankle. Ready to do it all again in 2 weeks! 
Back From Sensation the bast party ever sleeping now thanks for all your wishes love you all 
I can't watch Never Back Down without swooooooning.  http://twitpic.com/5cnde
Back from the pool. Hungry! So time for breakfast. 
Story of my life.. Get the mower out, prepare everything, then rush to get it all under cover as the rain starts... Back at the PC now! 
Back @ Home from my little vacation in Romania 
@justinillusion lol so funny you're here,I was watching Bring Back Fame&amp;Dallas it was hilarious!You must bring Full House&amp;Facts of life  
Back at the University lab. Feeling energetic after the trip and a VERY long sleep. Back to work! 
Back to the Future 2...was on yesterday but so good i'll watch it again! 
Back in the practice room today! New tunes on their way! 
watching Back To The Future 2 
Back from Kameron's graduation! It was a really nice ceremony, and I am very proud of him! 
Back to the Future 3....LOVE IT!  
Back in Austin. 
Back! from Starbucks and back from some stores as well! 
Back from Classtrip  it was sooooooo Funny 
Back at the ballpark. Feeling a Padres sweep today to get the boys back on track!  Tickets are still available! www.padres.com.
Watched the second and third Back to the Future films today. Hence good mood. 
Back in the dugout, Scutaro gathered a crowd and he was poking them all in the chest to show where it had hit him - funny to watch! 
JZ: a beautiful day for .. .editing photos. AZ: video, video and more video! Back to work today 
Back now! Boardie shoutout yeyeyeyeye! Good times!! 
Back from lovely Solvang!   The &quot;Aebleskivers&quot; were soooo good!  http://bit.ly/zh5BC
Back in richmond! Quick stop at cheesecake factory for my fav appetizer, yum. Date night with adam later 
@VickiElam Haha thanks Vicki! Back atcha! 
Back from a day trip to Llangollen and a canal trip across that high aqueduct (Ponticyl..something). Shattered, so off 2 bed for an hour 
Whew! Back home finally! 
Back from Va - My friend ran 101.8 miles in 32 hrs 59 min 59 secs - I ran the last five miles - I'm tired 
@justiniiams Back home in Weaverville. 
@tweenkle77 @aileen2u2 @CateP36 @TikkaMadsen @gogomago @molliesunshine Back in effect  Good morning 
Back at the apartment after a ridiculous night lol... Cuddle time!! 
...Awake! Back to work today. 
Got Back home, Tonight will be the Video editing Mode. 
Yeah!!! I'm Back!!!! 
Back from guitar lessons. Yay, Ive got the chords and solo to Violet Hill 
Back from Oceanside. The evening was a suck fest, except for my brother's match, of course 
Back to work Johnny... it's Monday and you only have three workdays this week!! Woooo 
Back from Woodstock weekend w/ 3 friends; 13hrs. each way. Thank you Capt. Lance. Once-in-a-lifetime, serendipitous trip. Pics to follow! 
Well! Back from a wet and windy Shell Island trip, was good fun, proud of my beasty tent and 29 weeks lady. 
Listen - Monday - Kids at school - Time for adults to play, Way-Hay - Back in an hour 
Back in Sweden..it is warm here  but everything seems so small now :S
Back in Qld after great time c3freo with nige and andrea. Awesome people. Looking forward to seeing our family and friends on gold coast 
@ginoandfran hi ej and thea... can't see thea's face. please play Back In Time.. thanks!   (GinoandFran live &gt; http://ustre.am/2YyQ)
Back in Madrid.  Sweet home
Back from Paris after a wonderful stay, despite the rain 
@rockyshark Sweet. Once you have Mac you never go Back 
Awesome weekend  Back to work now!
@jeffpulver Back at ya, Israel 
Back to my hometown. No more Nerd down time. Just got a &quot;seed&quot; back to work 9:30am tomorrow 
Back from the bath... Quite refreshing if you ask me.. And now I'm in my favorite pajamas  [sings bananas &amp; pajamas theme song] lol xD
Back for good  Still practicing.First practical lesson tomorrow.Yay.
Back to work...another big week... Feel ready for it though, after a great weekend! 
Back from 2 wonderful days shooting furniture at the beach in Nha Trang. Additional perk was the outstanding seafood 
@MissShonah  Back just to say hello.Break in the cricket for rain.But it's back on again.Byeee.lol 
Back from military refresher training.. Or whatever its called in english. I was on the Russian border for a week and it was FUN. 
@MissShonah Back just to say hello.Break in the cricket for rain.But it's back on again.Byeee.lol  http://ff.im/-2ZXil
Back at work after a fantastic wedding weekend - congrats Em &amp; Frank! And thanks to all the girls for a wonderful few days 
@BigAssBadger Back to normal tomorrow then!!!! Kids don't you just love 'em but couldn't eat a whole one! 
Back from school, waiting for mum, eating cake, wondering where my sister is, admiring my brother's rented car  IT'S A MERCEDES.
@EbonyLOLITA  Back @ Cha girl ;-)
Back from the weekend at the beach!!! yay   xoxo Alessia
Back at work...had an awesome weekend. Yay for Maryah coming over last night 
Back from the Turkish berber - haircut and a shve - feeling 10 years younger now 
Only 2hrs left of work &amp; Back to FallOut 3 DLC broken steel 
Back in tellyland; and all is calm for now...Assessment centres for the Diversity TV production scheme on the agenda this week...yey 
Back at work. Amazing weekend! 
Taken delivery of rechargeable AA batteries and charger. Back to XBox gaming later then 
Back in England  Good to be home!
#musicmonday &quot;Come Back to Me&quot; by David Cook 
#oslibeu09 Nick winding up.  We're on next.  Back in 20 mins,or earlier if we bomb 
Creating assets for Flash whilst eating a packet of discos... there are far fewer discos in a packet than I remember!? Back to vector... 
Back home. New jeans, CHECK! 
@t3dd #t3dd09 Back in the office. Preparing for a TYPO3 workshop tomorrow. It's been a great event and a big pleasure to meet y'all!  THX
Back from school and trampoline  | The Sun Is Shining 
Wolfram Alpha did not answered 4 out of my 5 questions.  Back to Google I go!  
Back on track....a few more weeks till graduation!!  Yeah Andrew  
@dannywood Welcome Back. Just wantet to let you know I'm seriously gettting addicted to your Coming Home Album. Luv it! 
Back from a fabulous wedding  Congrats Shan &amp; Jason!!
@larajeffers Just arrived home an hour ago..  Sweet deal. Back in Australia. yeah boy!
Back to work today after a great weekend. Wishing I had an outdoor office right about now. 
@PrincessNite thanks for the #FF  Back atyer!
@Teamoc Thanks for the follow. Back at ya 
Back in to warrior mode.  SO much work 2 do in prep for the Venice BeReady Expo next wkend.    I'm excited. http://www.grvnc.org/node/1192
Back in Melb and on my way to the opening of Spin That Thing @ famous when dead gallery 
Downloading some songs... Be Right Back... 
Back to MSP on August 25th for two weeks! Get excited 
CPR training downtown then outta here for the weekend  Back to btown...
Back from the IT exam. Nailed it  
In the bed on &quot;Snooze Mode&quot; gotta get back up at 9:30am Back 2 work! OT Babii 
Back to Dubai, a lot to catch up with. Next week i have my exams at LBS, serious studying is needed. I hope i have 32 hours in my day 
Back at home. Today  &quot;17 again&quot; 
Back from appraisal, all good and we're rushing through app for me to go to #mashlib09  Lunch now!
Back home from school. Friday! Out tonight. Can't wait!  hehe
@dloversofficial heyy! thx 4 making &quot;Back Around+lyrics&quot; gosshh! its totally amazing  ! Amazing work u got there!
Been school, Doing some chemistry papers and just chillin'. Back home now listening to some music 
@EmilWilbekin &quot;Back and Forth&quot;-Aaliyah. perfect Friday jam 
Back from a long lunch at Pizza Express, it was very nice too! 
Back from Wetteren. Bought a new Clock radio with 'projector', coool stuff  (O, I also bought 2.5l icecream, jummmie)
@mikerichy No actually, we just had a mini-heat wave, it was 97 on tuesday! Mon and wed were in the 90's too!  Back to 70's now! 
@JonasBrothers 48.000 at the concert in Argentina, INCREDIBLE. Come Back soon please 
@Wardistics Come Back to Cali brooskii  Come Home 
My week at The Office is finally over. Ice cold beer waiting. Thanks for all the  #followfriday  fun. Back later folks 
@ashlynwilliams you buy my Taking Back Sunday bday ticket an i'll buy your blink 182 bday ticket  it works out almost purrfectly ;)
Back from a 2+ hour bath.  Got into almost scalding water, washed in barely tepid.  I love those kinds of baths.  
Back from Boston.. Had an awesome weekend with @cjryno  Back to the twitter world now haha
Back from lunch, half the day more to go. Feeling thankful for making it this far. None of me, all from God. 
Back to school, hopefully I can get into Beginning Piano 
Back from the district in tustin. Paint tomorrow 
Hey Realtors. Back on market (dog too fat). Awesome Kits pad, fully rainscreened, $289k.http://tinyurl.com/mo4ys5 (no fat dogs plz) 
Okay Twitterbugs...Back to your regularly scheduled programs...Q&amp;A session is just about over  Thanks for your opinions!
Back in Syracuse, exhausted! Off to bed. Up early to write love letter to accompany my gifts to the administration and some staff at ESF! 
You must be THIS tall to ride this ride. Good morrow! Taking Back Sunday is marvelous. I think Ill watch another movie now. 
Okay...Back to job tracking 
Popping out for milk. Back soon. Try not to miss me. 
Black Eyed Peas'(Meet me Halfway)and JLS'(Back Again)new songs are so addicting! Can't stop. Off to play the Hendersons Boys Game 
Back in baia mare  Mum is surely surprised,he he.
On my way to my last examination paper EVER! Bring it on! Back in 2.5 hours  Wish me luck!!!
Leaving For The Airport! Be Back In 10 Days! 
Back to what I do best... Shameless promoting! Resonate podcast at www.resonate-music.com down load it now!  x
Back soon,,, gonna open baby Hemi's cards &amp; prezzies 
