Most common words for this cluster:
[('back', 954), ('hurts', 226), ('pain', 31), ('hurt', 25), ('massage', 23), ('lol', 19), ('neck', 18), ('today', 15), ('haha', 14), ('home', 14), ('work', 13), ('someone', 13)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'back', 0.9428091645240784), (u'out', 0.6069108843803406), (u'down', 0.5760334730148315), (u'then', 0.5744476318359375), (u'off', 0.5674841403961182), (u'just', 0.5649908185005188), (u'again', 0.5529895424842834), (u'States_Morovich', 0.5487506985664368), (u'MICHELLE_WIE_Yeah', 0.5471704006195068), (u'downside_Sticker_shock', 0.5466983914375305)]





monkeys??? i just found out you my twin and you wont even write back.  i'm heartbroken
nasty scraping noises from the back of my car ... 
Being in pain as I have done my back in 
my back is in bits 
@charltonbrooker You've got my sympathy - I've got to go have my back X-rayed 
@intelligensia I totally get you, why you did it is beyond me, I rediscovered some new bones on my back after Sundays escapades 
Is watching a wall come down and protecting a bad back from the rigeurs of another daily grind 
my back hurts. argh. i miss my bloke. 
my back hurts  ugh.
@glogowerpower nothin on the crib...but def didn't get errrythang back 
I got a cut in my mouth in the back. I can't even eat.  b
My back hurts 
is probably going to the doctor tomorrow...my back hurts so bad 
@ricklondon  but  @jayjern  isn't there right now    just tell him be nice and follow back
my back is killing me 
is tring to get my back to stop hurting 
my back frickin hurts...  
the back of my throat feels funny... like perhaps I could find myself sick, kind of funny. 
my back hurts  need to upload my photoshoot pictures!
My back huuuurts  I will be happy if I never have to move again.  x.x
woke up with a sore back 
note to self: don't play fight w/ the boys anymore. i think i have a pinched nerve in my back now 
has a lump on her back and it really really hurts 
aha, i am alive again and its back to doing yet more work 
been playing football in the garden and went on the trampoline and hurt my back o i have to lay in bed cos it kills 
@sophiehelene i dont know. i think ive pulled a muscle in my back 
My lower back was aching all through the night  I have to fix my posture! This also reminded me of how old I'm getting *sigh*
my back hurts  i have spanish to do now :|
i must have slept in a very weird position last night cause my back hurts 
my back hurts really bad 
Seriously in need of a back massage, I did something to my lower back 
@XxSimmyxX no kidding. i want joe back. 
I did'nt fall off the horse, but I have an incredible back-pain  I cant't move guys...
hurt my back 
My muscles are twitching and my back hurts 
my back really hurts. 
my lower back hurts 
My back hurts... 
this supposedly uber comfy chair is making my back hurt 
My back... it has failed 
has put his back out  Not badly but enough to be inconvenient and painful.
Lying on my back staring at the ceiling - have pulled a muscle 
Just woke too early.. back to sleep for me 
my back is killlling me....  
Ugh too earlyy  back to dreaming.
my back's aching ( want to transfer to my room  )
i have bruises on my back nd they r sore 
has a very sore, pulled muscle in his back 
my back hurts 
going to mow the back yard 
TWO More weeks and its back to work. 
my back is sun burnt and ITCHY!!  
my back is so sore its tingling 
My back hurts !   I need a holiday !
my back hurts so bad 
My back hurts 
Watching twilight at the cabin...kayte's dogs keep fighting &gt;.&lt; and my back hurts 
I sometimes want to cry because my lower back hurts so much 
my back is still no bloody better! 
her back in the casket &amp; she wanted out! 
@VanessaMadge I know right  have A knot in my back and it's gone straight to my head...boo
my back hurts so bad 
my back hurt 
my back really hurts 
@SirenSongTX noooo  toe is starting to feel better but my back is killing me...and im so out of whack sleep deprived
pulled a muscle in my back 
Although my back is killing me 
hell to graduates, geography can't get off my back 
@MihaiC and this is very dangerous when thy turn gas on back!!! 
and danny's grin ;) anyway that'll do, otherwise i;ll go on and on, i'll twitpic some later, tired mann, and my back hurts 
My back is aching it hurts to move. 
can't afford to be so lazy, back to work now 
off to work for a few... home later to relax! damn my back hurts 
my back won't crack 
my back is killing me 
I've really hurt my back. I was lying on a bench and when I got up my lower back was excrutiating. I don't know what to do 
i just  lifted 200lbs of carpet up a flight of starirs... my back hurts 
@KatieElizabethX LOL had to clean and sort my room out with my bad back!! And do my cwk  LOL I noo poor her!! 
I think I broke my back 
massive back pain 
is getting angry cause every 5 mintues my internet decides to stop working and i have to restart it....and my back hurts 
@msmcporkchop aw is it your back? my back hurts after hours of sewing 
my back stiLL hurts...!! 
@fruityalexia i would if I could....bloody big scoliosis curves in my back make it painful for me to run 
My back hurts 
My back is killing me....again 
My back is so jacked...I think I need a new chair  or better posture.
@chlosmummy  nah i am on a full back shift ....  midnight finish
Goodmorning twitches... woke up with serious back pains. 
one hour away from my final. schweeeeet. 
Just watching my back - something is up and I don't like it 
@goodreverenddr I think I left about 230? I was by the back bar... where were you? shux! 
seriously hurt my back golfing  yesterday and now paying for it immensely!!   I need a rub down!
i just fell off the back of the moty and dad laughed at me cos  ahahah
@RingFingerSlave srsly. You could fry an egg on my back right now. 
my back hurts. 
I think i need to have someone fix my back properly... I hate Drs 
Headed back to work 
Not going golf . I pulled my back dancing 
someone should totally give me a massage right now,my back hurts sooo bad now  i wish i never hurt my back waaay back in the day lol
Just had a nice sleep! But my back hurts. 
has a very sore back 
Is up with a very very sore back. 
dying of a cold and cant feel my back 
is in agony with his back again  think will spend the rest of the day lying down.
ooow my back hurts today 
My back hurts from yesterday 
that's paul away back to afghan 
My back hurts. 
tired, back to work. why is there always drama? 
my back is breaking 
Why did my back pain come back? Is it stress related?  and why am I choosing to freeze to death rather than closing the window?
my back hurts 
with a back ache 
got soccer training in like 20 mins but my back is sore 
hm, i still can't sleep ..and being somewhat sick isn't helping that fact  not to mention my back and neck kills, grr .
somebody!!! rub my back till i fall asleep  plzz
my back/neck hurts baaaaaad  and tomorrow I get a needled poked in my neck... what a fun filled day
My back's really sore and I'm supposed to be dancing tonight 
wonders when his back is going to stop hurting 
incredible back pain.  
my back hurts 
oh and my back hurts 
@carlyritz Too late its back 
How crap did that exam go   And now I'm stuck back at home :@ 
becoming more uncomfortable with this back pain as the day goes on. 
Why does my back hurt so much today 
my back hurts  need to find my perfect chair
argh rain drops running down the back of my neck 
@clickwindrepeat she has a bald spot on her back that she won't leave alone.    @ChiefDork whipped up the piece of couture.  
@DarkoWonderland I hate that feeling, when your down and you can't work out why  I hope you feel better soon babe! x
Concerts hurt my back  Lol
I'm sleepy, but I can't sleep...my back is still killing me. I feel old 
got off work and now my back is killing me. why can't my back be healthy again. 
i wish i could crack my back. 
I txt you and you never txt back  @spencerpratt
grrrr..why does my back allllways have to hurt 
Now my back hurts because I braced myself for the fall with my right arm.  I'm in pain.
feel like my back is going to torn after i fall from the stairs 
my back hurts 
feel like somebody is stabbing me in the back of the neck 
@girlsaloudmedia yeah they didn't help much. They've always been on her back 
has a bad back now 
ugh. my back hurts again 
i need someone to give me a big bear hug, lift me up &amp; crack my back 
My back is killing me   (need 2 more!)
@BernardDelmundo I know  It slipped out of my hand, flew into the wall. The back cover came off and the battery fell out 
@CocaBeenSlinky glad all goods with you i'm ok now wasn't feeling so great ealier had a very sore back tooth my gum was throbbing 
My dad's back 
@NKANGEL74 my seats at camden are far in the back-so i probably wouldnt be able to see you do it. 
@uhohtess No, i think those might be better! I hear the floor gets hot, plus you can't necessarily see. I'm waaaayyy up high in the back 
is not looking forward to giving martys ghd back... 
@supermANDREA haha my seat was at the back, its a gold seat but it was at the very end 
my back hurts 
@helenaanneh  that like almost made me cry, i've always got your back helena and i WILL get @ddlovato to reply to you i promise, i love u
dad making me have a rolled up towel under my back but the pain is worse 
My back hurts like hell!!!!! I`m so tired of it.... 
everytime i spend the day in front of the computer, my back hurts 
@mckenny the back isn't wet anymore  ...but the front is...
@chrisbrogan The back of the plane is where all the whafts of stinkiness collect. 
Is down with my back 
in need of a back massage, bad 
@AQuietMadness   my back hurts sometimes. I blame that on the computer lol.
I just did something terrible to my back... This is not good... 
@carocat oh no, back pain is the pits   Lots of tea and sympathy from me
@amatodesign nope, was playing at the back mostly - injured myself saving an effort on goal + only managed to play for 15 mins 
My back hurts from this stupid lounge furniture. The things I go through just for some internet! 
my back hurts 
tired, stressing out and her back is still hurting 
Is getting ready for work... Puts the   in his back pocket...
@clubberlang09 @damondnollan I thought u had my back damond! I see the IT brothers stick together  I didn't do anything wrong 
crustyz was rad. double back filps go thrown down yo! but its the last tour for shuie 
My back hurts and it's been keeping me from sleep 
@mully What diet are you on, if I might ask? I did SouthBeach b4 and lost a lot...but its back 
I want winter back 
did a back 1 1/4 yesterday at trampoline. It was fantastic, but now my back is sore 
@Tripzy  dm me when ur back
@pluggpro @queenanthai You both can have them. They make my back hurt. 
http://twitpic.com/61ebi - He won't give her back now 
is dreading the back spasms' return...it is hitting me harder than usual... 
Wishes my back didn't hurt. 
My back already did hurt and I sort of fell of the stairs and now it's even worse 
My back is hurty 
I'm back!! I love riding on the back of a motorcycle. I miss my fucking b/f. 
@ScarlettHarlott I hope your back is betting better. injured backs are the worst 
@doctorchab HAHA! you know, i never got mine back  )))
@caseoftornados red is such a difficult colour to keep in the skin; my back tattoo is predominantly red, but parts of it look like scabs. 
@rowdyrose @wtfrain I would be but my back is killing me so I'm in bed. 
@LBeezySODMG  i wish i had my itouch back
my leg and my back hurts pretty bad. 
I have a piece of parsley stuck in the back of my throat &amp; I can't get it out 
Going home from work and my back hurts again! Ayeeee 
my back hurts  I need to watch how I sit when I build models for 4 hours straight, and when I type rehearsal reports and such...
.... and their back up again... 
@YumiFujii i'll miss y'all back... give @LesleyBoudy my regards... 
Heading to the hospital to sort out my back, not looking forward to this 
i messed up my back/hip. it hurts so bad 
My back hurts 
@cazzac i hope he is ok too. i miss him  and the doc better not be a douchenozzle, ill be one right back!
Sneezing hurts my back. 
@riskybizness23 You never write back babe.... my feelings are hurt 
My back hurts...really bad   
This herniated disc sucks.  I'm stuck mostly on my back when I could be out riding. 
My back is soooooo hurting.  
Of the back of their heads  http://yfrog.com/0zywwj
ugh... my back is killing me. 
the muscle in my back is cramping up, hurts so bad! owww 
My back hurts 
my back hurts  have a heating pad on it... stupid ladder y did you have to collapse and make me fall on my back/bum???
Just saw a dooope bmw 6 series parked with the top back....to bad it was raining 
laying across my bed... hurt my back a few days ago 
just took my shirt off and my back is COVERED in blisters  http://bit.ly/vUiXG
my back hurts 
My back hurts! 
really tired. and my back hurts. 
My back went out...so I'm not. 
@thomasb11 i hate trying to figure this out... it makes me sad like when the rain flips on the back of my heels and flings mud everywhere 
Just yucky stuff, and my back is killing me from cleaning the garage today. 
My back is cramping 
owwie  i've had a splinter in the back of my arm for 3 days that I can't reach. Hurts whenever something brushes against it
Packing up rashel and sending her back to the states along with the other two  tres triste.
wow its 2 am. my back hurts like crazyyyyyyyy! 
they dont tweet back 
is cut about no being able to do assignment today. instead i have to help maintain the back yard. 
Getting ready to partay lol.. I swear I reached narnia in the back of my wardrobe and still can't find anything I want to wear 
My back fuckin hurts like a biaaaaaathhh need a masssage 
My back is still killing me 
my back and or shoulder hurts from sitting on computa chair 
Hiho, hiho, its off to work i go 
Working while sitting on the most uncomfortable chair in the work, ouch, my back... 
Ugh. I hate when I sleep on my back too long. I'm all sore &amp; stiff 
Either the knots in my back got bigger or I pulled something. It hurts and is very uncomfortable 
I'm sleepy and I have to study... again and again and again...  And my back hurts really, really bad...
I'm sleepy and I have to study... again and again and again... And my back hurts really, really bad... 
Not feeling so good  back to bed 4 me &amp; hope the meds kick in soon!
@TracyMarchini - I am *so* sorry we lost you. I went out to the back, felt claustrophobic, went onto the sidewalk, and couldn't find you. 
It's all gone quiet in my back yard... 
@steve_gray_ It's all gone quiet in my back yard... 
my back hurts terribly 
I want marshall back. 
OWWWW! my back hurts like crazy! and i don't know why! 
effed my back up...WTF..   owwwwwwww.
wow my back/shoulders are hott! and very red...and sore! its not good 
My contact rolled to the back of my eyes 
going to a holistic healing fair with my coworker michelle. maybe i'll find a solution to that muscle in my back that never untenses... 
@alyssashilly he fell off the roof and broke his back and ribs, and hes all bruised 
my back is killing me 
my neck, my back, my cough cough cough. i'm dyinggg 
Trying to put together a warboss, his back doesn't want to work 
ooohhh my back hurts 
sitting on bed my shoulders a back sunburnt 
it's hot.  back in oklahoma.
@kayden_kross Watch your back! That rabbit sounds like he has a vendetta out on you.  
My back hurts 
@bradzo I had a muscle in spasm in my back 
I want my 360 back already..... 
My back still fukin hurts  x
@unahealyfan lol, my window being open makes in warmer inside, my back hurts, it's badly sunburned ouchy 
@pattimayo17 i dont know, but shehas been dragging her back legs lately, now shes limping 
@KatieSG1 um... my back hurts too you know.... 
Yesterday completely trashed what was left of my back.  what sucks is i don't know how.
my back hurts soooo bad right now 
I have a sciatica on both sides of my back. I'm on partial bed-rest, &amp;&amp; I have to collect a stool culture b/c they think I have e coli.  
@tishh for the record, i have ANOTHER scratch on my back bumper.  i fail 
So my sun burn has time to settle and one whole back leg is burnt. And half of the other. It hurts so bad. 
My back hurts 
My back is killing me 
@GentlemanGhost1 I doubt I'll ever climb again after my back surgery  let me know of u need any gear!
@JennetteMFannns do u think u can get jennette to follow me? i have tried for weeks but she doesnt tweet back 
my back hurts. poor posture. 
oh no! she's comin back home 
My back hurts 
have a sharp pain in my back....  looks like i'm not going to play softball. 
I need to go to the doctor  I'm sick of my back always hurting me.
I asked my mum to put suntan lotion on my back, and she's absolutely covered me in it.  It feels disgusting.
but why does my back hurt like this? 
Hates waking up cause this stupid back is in so much pain 
There's a dead bird in my back yard 
my vacation is over and its back to reality 
@fhd86 I do like them both! But I wanted to steal that 1 while back! O when I wanted to u changed it 
my back hurts  note to self: camping blows
(@eeeepchristinaa) my back hurts  note to self: camping blows
my back kinda hurts 
i had to sleep on the floor last night because my cats took over my bed, now my back hurts 
azhar's back in singapore! i miss him badly still 
wishes she was getting breakfast at bates and then getting a great back rub 
my back is burnt  
@adzada A question mark? How do i get my pic back it wont do it 
just woke upp. my back hurts 
no more pool...baby pulled something in his back 
@oohpinklipstick my back and my front 
is having a back pain!  http://plurk.com/p/xgy73
@ahjj so sad  I'm sunburned on my back, not so much, though  (:
pulled my lower back muscles. 
in so much pain....my back is killing me....i jus wish i had weed 
my back hurts and i'm really sweaty.  not done yet 
I want a back/neck massage so bad 
My back hurts  I need a massage
now has to empty underneath the stairs as somebody put the weights at the back; right at the back.  Ah well, getting there slowly.
ugh my back really hurts  musta slept wrong, hate that
I have some pain on back, so I won't be able to do stuff  been sketching and working on my video...renfair was good
got REALLY bad sunburn all over my back 
My back hurts 
My back hurts 
fucked up my back bad 
feels like she's never going to have a good back again 
I have a knot in my back 
id do anything to have her back  I miss sher so very much
@LIrunner9  I have a fairly uncomfortable burn on my back + shoulders.  
my mom is no back 
is hurting from her back 
My lower back hurts!!! 
my back hurts really badly 
shoppingg, my back hurts 
I need a back and tummy rub.  
went physio again this morning. knee still hurts. now my back hurts also. and also the monthly pain... 
@venzann I *think* I've turned all that rubbish off now - apologies to those spammed 
it rains the third day in a row... I want sun back again 
Still can't sleep  my back is gettin worse....... I haven't hurt this much since I had my kids :'(
My back hurts like crazy I can't go to sleep  not kool bumer
has sunburnt badly on her back and shoulders 
My back is aching 
My back hurts 
now i know why i hate doing paperwork. its bad for my back. suffering from witchshot due to steuerabrechnung  i hate paperwork ((((((
The back of my legs are so burnt I can't sit. 
my back hurts 
Headed back to sc. 
Shit forgot some back at the office 
My mom is coming over to try to fix my back.  I can't walk.
@nickolaimathews 8hr bus down then 4hour drive back, we wouldn't even make it in time for breakfast 
ok its back 
getting a little to RUMPish in the back... pants don't fit 
i now cant lay on my back cos im too burnt. 
I still have an itchy back 
@Merebearrr haha I wish I could get my full back! I miss it  what was the most difficult skill you had?
@beckinelson me too  all down the back of my legs. sitting in exam was horrible, everytime i moved it was killing me .
I have got to get my pic back on. 
I'm taking a coffee break, my back is killing me!!!!   
At doctors w steve..  He's jacked up his back. 
Headed back to work 
my back is hurting so bad. I don't wanna have to go to the doctor's to get it checked out. 
is sooo not happy that i just threw my back out. 
hurt my back - I'll be in bed 2day!!! 
Icing my back. In lots of pain 
Heading off to bed to try and relax; nagging pain in my lower back since I walked home  meh
ugh my back and knee hurt so bad and i have to go ride yeller  ughhhhhhh major fml.
@ work my back hurting, my neck hurting, I need a massage something fierce  and I'm hungry I need shrimp &amp; tomatoes...
I take that back, the back of my neck is burnt 
@Roofz I did text back  
My back hurts! 
@megan_massie you wouldn't be able to understand me  I had to take 2 my back hurts so bad so I'm in and out on the couch
my back and neck hurt 
my back hurts like hell 
tired. back to work 2morrow 
@MiiszEyeCandy @mrmajor had the mic off. 
My back hurts need a massage 
my back hurts...think I pulled a muscle!! 
I'm starting to get worried there might be something seriously bad with my back. 
my hamster got into an accident with her wheel last night and broke her back. we had to put her down in the end. 
omg my back hurts so bad i cant even walk 
My lower back hurts 
Ugh. My back hurts. 
Ouch! My back reeaalllyy hurts! I should have turned over 
my back hurts 
@emilyx90 You're going by yourself?  We'll come by and hang with you before. It's towards the back half of the pavilion.
Trying to wean aleric off the binkie. So far it is not going well  
My back hurts 
stayin' off skool again. my back is so sore 
My back hurts so fucking bad  
i'm doing nothing for the next min....  and after that back to work... 
My back hurst like hell.  I feel old.
Now i can't load a back ground 
taylor lautner is going to lean back down after the whole series 
I feel so sore, last night I felt someone hit me in the back I had to lay flat on back because it hurt so much when on my side 
my back hurts  i have stupid bacc practice at 9 
@ArtyTheCat aw, I would say G'night back!!!  wait, that doesn't sound like you! ::slaps:::: there's our arty! :::ducks down
Revision is hard, back-ache.com 
 my back herts and a have a hedache   not good
having serious back pain 
 my back herts and I have a hedache  not good
Just banged my back on my door handle  ouchy. going to G's now, blog later!
@docbaty hey dude! my back is off to a cracking start  the rest is great! you?
@stuartglossop fab! I dropped mine and cracked the back  gutted.....
Whurr er'body at...??? nobody respond'n  back.....   
@KatieeHowell me to like I can't put anything on my back or shoulders with it hurting getting dressed hurt 
Has stuffed his back up again 
i want my back and shoulder to get better 
Finally leaving work. I'm tired and my back hurts and I feel cranky! 
I have the hicups and a shooting pain goes through my back everytime I hicup 
My back hearts so bad 
feel like someone just knocked me down, my back is hurting me so much 
I hate it when the delorean gets wiped out in back to the future 3 
my back and my hip hurt,no sit ups 
My back is peeling 
my back hurts.. i need a massage 
can someone please fix my back 
I am sick my back hurts aswell as my throught!  
i felt the back of my heel pull when i put pressure on it 
good morning....my back hurts...why?? 
is sitting on the train home with a back ache 
@MikkaDinah *smooches* my back is still crappy...poopoo  hows the jaw?
Clover is getting arthritis in her back, the vet said.  http://apps.facebook.com/catbook/profile/view/6082331
@aarondelgado I believe I woke up to the back of your head. I totally missed the performance.  stupid nap
@ptolemyalexande okay, i got 1 of them. checked web and @tweetdeck. only one  sent one back
@rosekittyellie you're not missing much  eject back, net not. less an hours sleep
Annoying - the back of my legs are tanned but the front arent  haha
working away, sad to be home from hols  Unfortunately its back to reality!
When I bend my body a certain way my back hurts soo bad  I'm getting old!
right in the middle of my meeting with holly my sketchbook's back cover breaks off 
I just attempted to stretch and the knots in my back were so bad they refused to let me... I need a massage. No exaggeration. 
and my back hurts  olol i complain way too much. i stop now.
@reverieBR sorry your back hurts 
just sitting rubbing my bruised arm  ...got punched :L she got hit back though lol
I have been to the hospital to have my back dressed as it now looks like someone has put a hot iron on my back. feels like it too! 
So its back to the researching tonight!!! 
@dougiemcfly hey (: are yous back in the uk yet ? we miss you 
@SoCalVixen shes on drugs lol we need her music back thoo 
My back and shoulder hurt today - stupid broken server from yesterday weighs too much. 
my knee hurts .. also my back 
too many emails coming in... back to work now 
kurts smellin' up the back seat 
 bummer on the back... What happened?
@steverixx mexican food was great!.. It sucks that your back hurts.. wish i could help! 
My back hurts so bad... I want to go lay on my couch and watch the oc again 
ok.... my lunch has gone 1 hour over  I feel bad.  back to work.
my back is as stiff as a freakin' ironing board, i can't stretch it out 
Would KILLLL for a good back massage right now. 
my back is tres sore 
 i want movies, but my back doesn't want to cooperate so i can put on pants.
Ugh!! My back hurts!!! 
i need someone to walk on my back so it cracks. my back is killing me 
Considering getting up n driving to Daylesfor for the market but that might kill my back 
http://bit.ly/QVfZT  so cute.i want niley back! 
ahh man, the weather cleared up so now I feel bad that my back hurts 2 much 2 exercise  and this is exactly what I've been trying 2 avoid
My back is already KILLING me.   I'd PAY for a massage tonight. *sigh
feels like someone just did the mexican hat dance on my back....these past 2 days off haven't been beneficial at all 
My back is killinggg me! 
is still lying in bed - and will be all weekend unfortunately  stupid back muscles spasms!!
totally killed my back 
It's so hot back here 
my back/neck hurt 
Throbbing, pulsating, pounding, pressure on my back molar 
i just tried to hug my mother goodbye, and she cut herself on my back 
@artemisrex her back is frowning at her... 
i need a massage, my back is killing me!!! stupid bad back.  never did find one on the black market....
i have a workout to do before we leave  its not doing my back much good
sleeeep. my back feels like its going to snap in half 
@Oatzms hahahha* my back hurts ah n'oat 
My back still aches 
@laurinchen my back hurts 
@AaliyahLove69 but okish. chronic back pain as you know. weed like to be thinking of a holiday. but you know that too.  but broke and...
This back pain is killing me 
@KellyAppleby I know haha he didnt write back though  x
My back hurts sooo bad 
@yahtze dude i tired sending ellen a letter about our techer... never got one back 
@blackbarbie027 hmmmmm.... yeah and he might get mad if you close it  maybe rub the back of his head or scratch his back, that might work
aww my back 
My back hurts  I feel old
@davidhastopee it was the back door! And that wasn't me! 
my back is hurting 
My back is killing me 
Evening All, have chronic back ache so feeling sorry for myself 
Some guy ran over me with his shopping cart.  The back of my ankle is all banged up and bleeding now 
And my back really hurts 
@BARACKOKITTY :o I didn't even see you! I looked up and saw a float go by with the beat banner in the back. It passed just like that 
two weeks till oasis, my back is really sore  i think haved pulled something.
I am sun burnt!!! I think there is a tick on my back, I have no one to help me get it off.. 
But I dink I qota qiv her away  *siqh*
http://twitpic.com/6s7fs - on the way to evo! i got stuck in the back 
@akaJosielou lol yeah....we r finishing up here right now...tomorrow we go and put maggie's ashes in the back yard 
Ugh...I ate too much. I feel so heavy...too heavy to walk this off. 
trying to relax my back right now as it still hurts 
I want my twinkle pings and tweets connected!!! I hate switchin back n forth 
@ProvehitoInLyca  my back hurts been working since i got here no lunch or break yet
my lower back hurts!  massage anyone ;)
finally going home from work but i smell like meat and fish and my back hurts 
my back hurts 
My back hurts 
@warxpro you're the meanie! you never text back 
@kat8163 My back hurts a lot too tonight.  I think it's going to rain later. :-/ I don't feel like vomiting but I do feel like crying. 
laying in bed trying to sleep but my back and the back of my legs are superrr sunburnt  why can i burn so bad but not tan amymore?! ugh!
My back hurts 
my back is killing me 
Just found out that I have dextroscoliosis.  so, that's the reason why my back aches.
watching hollyoaks omnibus! i want justin back! 
My back hurts 
I have serious back cramp from playing the sims 3 
I'm so tired my back hurts. 
Why is my back aching like crazy? 
@BeeOndKreyZee enough to stumble back lmao 
My back and legs are sore. 
threw my back out working on the scooter 
Just Finished house work ahhhh my back hurts 
i want my 360 back 
threw my back out! wonderful 
has got a big back eye!! Not good 
ahhhhhh my back is messed up 
moving is fun...t-minus 5 min until the fun begins: why does my back already hurt? 
@presentday Thankfully I still have most of the files on the machine, I'm just not looking forward to doing the initial back-up again 
@SomeKuwaitiya thanx ;) i want the back cover too but it was out of stock 
Just got out of church, my back and mouth really hurt 
why does the back of my lung hurt when i breathe 
My back hurts from a massage chair 
watching takkkeeeen ! ... my back hurts 
just got off work im so happy but my back hurts 
I hate sitting in the back seat all by myself   http://twitpic.com/6v5xf
I'm tired.. and my back hurts.... I fell sick again 
@akaJosielou yeah i'm still living...kinda....my back is killing me....damn back problems 
@jakriffer My back was bothering me &amp; I can't sleep when the it's really bad. I tried everything 2 stop the pain but nothing helped. 
@mmschwartz: I stupidly forgot to put sunscreen on my back.  It is now red and painful. 
In need of a major back and leg massage! I can't move! 
I cant believe how bad I hurt my back 
@EmilyK_4 no  But I ran up the aisle to get to the back LOL
has a sore back  its that normal?!
@NitaCashmere i'm tryna get a big ass one across my back. but i cant find any inspiration 
My back hurts 
This is the shittiest bball watching experience I've ever had.   I really need my cable back. 
Our match is over. The guys rolled over for me at the last so I broke even on skins. I had a great front for me (+2) and a horrible back. 
My left arm keeps consulsing, seeing as it, as well as my back, got the worst of the fall 
had a great weekend with my favourite fella  I so hate this back to reality feeling 
my back isn't being cooperative 
My back is killing me and i dont even know what i did to cause it 
@emnorm Maybe some couldn't follow back. I can't follow people back til I get my comp back  Also celebs rarely follow back , although  ...
my back is fooked again!! 
My back is sore! Not done anythin to hurt it either  x
my lower back is aching  waiting for my masseuse...
is sleepy and has a cut in the back of her throat 
my back hurts so freaking bad! 
Shipping my little one off to 4H camp. 
My back is on fiyah! 
and for some reason my back hurts.... 
bloody lower back pain! 
@Nickknac I love the haircut is it bobby in the back? you know like raised up and vamped?  I have not seen you in almost 2 yrs. 
had a great weekend with mom. Now its back to the grindstone 
@maiaArae lol, it's the only one left of 3, for some reason it kept getting lost in the back pages of the shop 
I'm not superstitious, but the back of my engagement ring just split. Only had it since sunday 
My back yard is so sweet, I hate to leave it for concrete   http://mypict.me/3V2d
my back hurts too much lifting this weekend 
@RonisWeigh I feel your pain.  I threw my back out yesterday. 
I want london back 
Standing double back from 1m board, apparently ive to do tripple from 3m tomorrow 
My back hurts 
@katematlock nah, they spotted that i would be a potential hazard and put me in the back seat. 
graduation ugh!!!! i am all the way in the back 
@aerobic247 no we dont 'lift' but pts sometimes r like a dead weight to move..thats when my back hurts 
so exhausted  back to work tonight
i want amy back 
my back is so sore, shouldn't have played the keyboard, damnit. 
@sixtwosix  i have #awesomecouch  plus i like being to cuddle up to the back... need man to cuddle  
Is RED-I hate getting sunburned on the back of my neck 
Ouch sunburnt on the back of my neck 
@frontdesklady again in my pic from darien lake I'm giving my back to jon instead of huggin him too  I have jordan vision only lol
My back hurts   I need a massage...
My back hurts.  and i'm bored.
my back hurts 
can barely even stand up. my back feels broken 
My back is hurting me sofa king bad. 
put my bed together and my back is killing me 
tryin 2 chat wit my crush but he wont write back!!! 
my back and throat really hurt! 
is sick and tired of all this lower back pain. 
I need my lower back massaged  it's sore
I'm in terrible need of a back massage right now 
@lalabanks504 my back hurts too bad to sleep 
Nearly got blow away by the back draft when I opened my office today. It really is v hot in here. 
has a sore back 
@LiliMayBaby I know what you mean - I'm sitting here dreaming of crisps and chocolate but have to get diet back in order 
I'm feeling down because i'm pretty sure I have herniated a disc in my low back again. 
blahh have a weird stomac/lower back pain    ..heading to work soon. -.-
just woke up my back is killing me 
@trixie360 I want my live back 
Still feeling ill  plus my back is seriously aching!
I can't barely move - my back is killing me 
@wenchlette oh I just threw my back out over the weekend.  Hurts to walk 
oh my back, what did i do to it 
good morning! jeez my back hurts 
I have a massive knot in my back 
@jordanknight I hope your back feels better 
my back is killin me 
caught a little too much sun on my back today 
i just hurt my back i don't know how it was fine and then all of a sudden there was a sharp pain while i was making my bed 
My back is kinde sore  I need a massage I can't afford.
goin to sleep. aawwh my back's paining 
My back hurts. 
My back is killing me!  
@HereticChick poor momma  bet your back doesn't hurt though
my back hurts so bad 
My back is killing ME! 
the whole night, I tossed and turned, and now my back hurts- 
 my back is killing me! my damn chest needs to be reduced asap! ugh! 
My back hurts like hell   but at least I finished organizing my desk ... never thought it would take so long
is fed up to the back teeth of back-peddlers, blame-shifters and back-stabbers. 
@KikitaSunrise am i so unimportant so you dont even write back to me?  haha
Is off sick, bad back 
@keferkun urgh fuckers  send it to me, i'll take it in and send a new one back... would take ages though, haha
Has a poorly spaniel with a very deep cut on her back leg from trip to the beach 
is not feeling so well  back hurts! I need healthy back cushion for my chair!!!
@welovehollyoaks I woulda had that tat off him, I loved him  *sniff*
great now i hurt my back! 
@MsAriesRo omg you have a problem! but blowing 112 at vs is really easy. and what's wrong with your back?  feel better!
My back is killing me. 
My back is killing me! 
My back hurt 
Ouch, just moved after sitting in same position sketching at watching tv for over an hour and now my back hurts! 
@jordanknight I am so sorry that your back hurts. I hope it feels better. 
just got home from a mgical date with hooters and pixie dust! back to homework 
uh, pulled my back yet again.  
I feel so tense my back hurts...the husband's home and I feel ultra tense guys 
My back hurts 
I'm in so much pain with my back 
@tombrazelton future me actually brought sexy back, and jt took all the credit. 
My back hurts 
about to zzzzz... my back hurts  Nitey nite Twitteretes!
Oh the pain  my back is killing me!
My back is very sore 
@Kerrimus yeh, he is just laying on the floor, he is struggling to use his back leg/s 
Why does my back hurt like crazy? I hate it 
my back n neck hurts n I've been having a headache for 2 days now  so not cool man...
Never let @wopasaurus touch your back. He will destroy it.  I hurt.
my back hurts so much 
It's true that men are stronger, my back hurts. 
Just found out, i got a severe case of muscular spasm in lower back &amp; thankfully my spinal cord bones are okay. It's still very painful 
need a back rub  dead tired....desperately need a vacay!
@TaraNicolePDGG he was texting and when i asked him for a hug he didn't even look at me just put his arm up and patted me on the back 
just woke up... my back hurts 
My back is killing me 
@saaam_ I was tiding up a shelf in my cupboard and was reaching at the back and grabbed something.. ended up hurting and now I'm bleeding 
I have electrodes strapped to my back. It hurts 
aw its back down 
has hurt her back cosz her bro thought she was a donkey 
nice walk outside...now its back to work 
@brlittle you betcha.  my back is sore too.  
My back hurts 
I'm in need of some serious muscle relaxers... these spasms in my back are wicked today!! 
Now I need some xrays I guess it wasn't my kidney its my back  I'm sitting waiting to get em done
ive got a bad back  ouch
now its back down in the 200k again  what's wrong with this thing?
My back is killin me 
I think I pulled a muscle in my lower back 
a herniated disc in my lower back 
nursing a sprained back muscle. this is incredibly annoying 
If a tornado touches down in my back yard, I love you all. 
i feel a little fever coming on  will you rub my back?
ouch, my back is killing me. Not from anything exciting either 
@restey11 nursing my back 
or i just looked that pathetic   (off to watch sytycd)
@stephsavespluto he needs to turn that phone of his back on. i didn't get a chance to harass him 
I wish my back wasn't peeling  Especially right where I can't reach to put any lotion on.
@primehex  My back hurts a lot too, but that was because I was hit by a bus... What's up with your back? 
has a bad back from digging for gold, and a poorly leg from.....actually i dont know how i did the leg!!!! 
need my back popped 
My back is aching, i'm in pain guys. 
Severe upper back ache ! donno what to do 
so i think my back is officially messed up 
@andrewpycroft my back hurts. so much. hahah. and my legs! 
hey, vant text back until break sorry.  :\
my back hurts.  maybe finishing a sock will help...
don't know what I did to my back, but it kills 
my back hurts  
I dunno how long I can last today...just sitting down my back is killing me  #hurt my back from practice last night.
my back fucking kills right now 
Ouch! My back still hurts  I guess this is going to go away instantaneously
My dsl's back but my 'puter's still dead. 
might go to the pool... except my back hurts. couldn't sleep last night. 
@drewphillip21 haha thanks...i wish i could sneak out the back door but i think it's only for legit employees 
my back hurts baaaad 
my poor dog  she has a pinched nerve in her back and something is wrong with one of her knees  she looks so sad.
the back was feeling better yesterday after water aerobics but now its back to hurting again 
My back is hurting A LOT worse now 
i need a new back. 
i'm going to need a back massage stat! or I'm going to have some serious back problems. Seriously 
I can't even breathe without my back hurting! 
Working with my mom to make some cash, to go shopping for new decent clothes!  my back and feet hurt though 
@sharkbait1687 I'm fine my back hurts but like I said car is fucked 
I just devoured an entire footlong sub.  I feel so full.    back to work.
I didn't know it was possible for your back to hurt this bad 
all pills are locked up and my back is killing me 
My back hurts like hell sleeping on the floor 
my back still hurts... That's what you get when you're working out!! 
@mariahcolby my back. 
whyyyyyyyyyyy does my back hurt? 
stay away evil migraine, i can feel you lurking still in the back of my head 
laying on my stomach all day and not being able to move is super uber boring. I hurt my back 
So tired tonight, and my back hurts 
hiho hiho its off to work i go 
my back freaking hurts!! 
My back is aching 
I have bird poop on my back 
ouch my back hurts. 
Hot water bottle on jarred back...not much fun 
my back hurts..from sitting at the computer too much 
be there in like a hr and 20 mins yay ! my back hurts 
my back hurts 
My back is killing me!!  
my tan is all coming off my back.  this sucks
i keep seeing the away we go commercial.... i really want to see it. 
i really need to make my back crack, but it just wont 
I'm looking for a new small camera backpack. For the good of my back, certainly not for the good of my bank balance. 
@ahomelessguy227 okay. ugh i want megatron back 
My back is killing me...why women hv to suffer once a month?!dang... 
@jordanknight i hope your back gets better by sunday i would hate to watch you perform with a sore back 
hmmmmmm feels like i just got stabbed in the back 
I hate when i have hard white bumps on the back of my throat...i dont know what that is!  goodnight twitterworld
@peterfacinelli ... I hate to be the one to say it, but I think you can kiss the bet (and the back of your chair) goodbye 
this accountant is saying big words i dont understand  im just sitting up the back being quiet  i just want to talllllkkkk!!!! mahhaha
Watching one tree hill. &lt;3    my back hurts! 
My back hurts. 
@piacayetano i think i take too little calcium.  my back always aches.  and i'm just 19. 
my back isz fuckinq killinq meeh .  .
It's time to go to sleep I feel so stress my back hurts  sad ... But now I have some vacations to relax wohoo 
@naughtymutt I would be cross if I had to give mine away for sure!! 
I have a migraine, I'm nauseous, my hands are shaking, and I'm just realising how nice it used to be to have someone rub my back 
My back hurtss from workuing out 
Bad bad bad back &amp; legs pain today 
@asidpulse i smoked those two butts in the back. i'm a failure. 
I've hurt my back can't do anything 
what couLd be woRse than got stabbed on uR back by uR own bestfRiend ??! 
my back hurts 
It raining right now - the back yard will go from slightly soggy to very swampy! 
my back hurt 
i just sneezed and hurt my back. ouch 
oh no the back of my gauge went down the shower drain 
my back is in so much pain right now, someone shoot me 
my back hurts real bad! 
Ugh! My back hurts 
fed up to the back teeth  !!!!
my back hurts  and i've finished my brownie :'(
what the fuck happened? / my hea's hurting... and my back... 
I'm sore, burnt and bruised but I totally want more. But its back to the grind today 
@barndrama it's very frustrating waiting for injuries to heal. I damaged my back deadlifting 3 wks ago; still not better 
appoitment i get my 2 back molars out. 
So someone totally ran into the back of me this morning...now my back hurts 
We may be rained out T-storms.... not looking good  back at the hotel on call until we hear other wise....
i need to eat, but i also want to do makeup 1st but it takes too long, my back is also killing me 
also, because i tripped today on the stairs (like literally last step, i totally just fell and rolled on my back), i scraped my knee 
@kirsty1181 crap indeed  I'll be thinkin of u when I'm chillin most of it! lol.  Not sure if and when she's comin back 
I'm tired...but I can't sleep because my back is hurting 
@josallethegreat  why aren't you txt'n back.
Ouch! My back! It hurts 
The back of the yukon is being mean and its hurting my feelings  hi @zachshaner
my back hurts  if any1 has home remedies 4 pms holla at cha girl!!!
my back hurts because i didn't sleep on my usual pillow. 
home finally. so tired, my feet hurt and my back. 
is hurting real bad... dunno why my back hurts so effin bad 
going to sleep.. my back hurts so bad 
my back hurts!! 
@thisislilwayne seriously rebirth pushed back again?!? i don't think i can wait that long 
omg i have a wound at my back. it hurts. 
ouuuuuuuch my back hurts 
i guess im back on the market   ......o well i'll be ok
@ianlisk66 seems like a pain in her lower back on the right side. No we were just going running  it was the first lap
awwwhhh my back is aching 
Uuuggghhh these back pains are effin killin me!!!! 
@molly09: we did the drive thru  but i saw the back of your head and knew it was you! Haha i was proud of myself
@Dashwitmeeh i am always on the back burner!! 
@colette_elise  There are a couple of pairs you gave me. You want 'em back?
I think I tore something in it and deffs bruised my back! This is going to be a very painful sleep 
I'm really worried, my back is been out of whack for two weeks now. It hurts to even breathe 
@darkiieboi626 scared my eye wont open back up in the morning 
Why does my back ache so?! 
Is so sleepy an my back hurts so badly i'm not playin dat game in a while I'm so out of shape 
My back hurts SO much. 
I need 2 stretch my back hurts 
@eakitchin 2.5 mi, but that's on an elliptical because it hurts my back.  i might make a mile running before it hurt too much.
busted her back and is walking like a 80 yr old dog.. No dancing, no running  Takes lots to stay positive!
My back hurts a fuck 
In seek of heating pad, my back hurts for some reason. 
 my back really hurts
my back hurts 
I lost $80 today   I know I shouldn't put things in my back pocket but I was about to put in my bag when I realized it was gone.
@sugardose im so sad  back 2 square one
@moto62 i bought smooth away....didn't work for me! 
my back hurts soo bad 
I need a back massage.  ouchy 
My back hurts!!!!!!! I really don't want to leave my bed. I guess I should go shower 
i hate robin hood. why did alan have to die?  but the really cool sheriff's back! wooo! so i still love it!
I REALLY need to scratch my back - but it's still sore 
I don't want to take my pills; because I've got the music back, and I don't want to lose it. 
My lower back has been aching so much lately and I don't know why. 
I hurt all over. I have pretty bad sunburn on my back, shoulders, chest and the back of my legs 
@TwittleMissBIG you're suppose to have my back meany 
Just fell off the toddler shelfs in back...oooowie! 
If I could see the back of my head I would trim my hair myself...alas I cannot 
woke up later than usual, my back hurts. 
ugh. something's wrong with my back. 
My neck and my back hurt quite the bit! 
But now its back with its mom  i miss it already
my back hurts 
My back hurts 
owwie the muscles in my back hurt  idek y
@rebeccaseagull i wish they did goodnight &amp; goodbye  lol like what no back sex?!?!
Watchu think.. double belly button rings, or not?  Since the madre doesn't agree with the back piercing.. 
My back hurts, i can barely move 
I just got back from the back to the 50's, again, and I'm so sunburnt on my calves, nose, and upper left arm it hurts just sitting around 
I hate my back. 
i have a giant scratch on my back  i slide down a hill..
whew.  got the pieces cut.  but I really need a higher table- my back hurts.    I'll start sewing tomorrow!!!  
@PapareBoy yep... and afridi's back in form! 
@florianseroussi i got my back checked yesterday... they said i ripped my back muscle, it will take 6 weeks to heal 
@DaisyGaytan mmm only on your back ??? 
Trying to download yesterday's photo shoot but apparently I have a full hard drive...and 3 full back-up drives...oh dear 
has horrible back pains keeping me up evan more  http://plurk.com/p/12mkq6
So i fucked up my back and my knee work was fanFUCKINGtastic 
My back hurts 
hmm my back hurts a little 
Headed back to the noke. Not excited 
My back doesn't feel good at all  wishing I was in miami with my dad.
my back hurts 
at home bored off head and got bad back 
my back hurts 
my back is sore 
At work and my back hurts 
My back is killing me. 
need to go to the doctorsssss,my back 
going home to long island to get a cat scan ....because all the sudden i cant bend over my back is killing me 
My back hurts 
lying on the sofa i think i hurt my back 
my back is killing me............ 
this is weird.. i want my old one back 
needs a back massage 
i'm so tired! i played soccer all day and my back hurts me so bad! 
still has a sore back 
is looking after her dad cos he has a bad back 
my back is killing me. 
my back hurts  coz i had to stand up all day!!!
slept in a wrong position now my back hurts ...  mommy
Wishing my back didn't hurt so bad!! 
I've pulled a muscle in my back and it is very painful! 
My back is killing me 
My back hurts, especially whenever I breathe in. What the eff? 
Totally screwed up my back last night. I can barely get out of bed without massive pain. 
my back and neck hurts. 
tweaked my back  ow.
I'm tired..And my back hurts....I need a massage 
back from gym with a back problem 
at audras; my back hurtss, so does my belly button 
got hurt because of a little kid being silly and now my back is really sore 
My back hurts... 
ive hurt my back 
Trying to rub my back. It rly hurts 
Seesmic back on form this A.M. though the update failed.. 
my back hurts  not a good way to start the day.
my back hurts so much 
hurt my back, now in great pain! 
my back is still sore 
very painful back and neck. 
my back is killing me 
So sleepy and my back hurts  i just want a bed and a massage
need an office chair for home, my back hurts 
@AlnilamOri Lol, mine leave 'angels' all over the back yard. By angels I mean bird wings with nothing in the middle. 
My back hurts   geez.
Completely lied up w incredible back pain.  would welcome any and all healing thoughts!
my back hurts 
@naughtylilady4u lol - I just had a little snooze out there - disgraceful - back at the desk now !  xx
After a seven year or so absence, my hayfever's back - and with a bloody vengeance too. 
cant believed when i sneezed this morning,my back tweeked! &amp; now it hurts 
My back hurts 
My back is killing me 
@gobigdave It grey'd back over shortly thereafter 
@dearbhlaoconnor cliff was beautiful.. cheers for leavin me on my own.. got attacked and murdered. glad to know u have my back.  lol
screen printing today...bring on the back ache and sore hands...I'm sure we make it harder than it needs to be 
@SteveEvans64 Not to worry - you won't be out the back on your own... we can sit and talk about the good old days when we used to be fit! 
power was out. but its back! woo! whats up everybody?! 
its unbelievable - back in my childhood 
@JaylaStarr thinking about me filming the back of your throat getting fucked 
@mileycyrus ...how are you ...??? please write back... 
@mileycyrus how are you..??? please write back.. 
kickin' back, staying off the radar 
I just peed off the back of the moving train so mike gave me bamf points therefor making me happy 
And we'e back! 
@FlyNFast i suspect that the airlines have some control in how that's configured, too.  i just ride in back and complain. 
I-PHONE!!!!!! welcome back you little fella .... 
Not goin to work so i'm goin back to sleep instead 
done for the dayy  most likely back to bed
@LLMMCC is she gonna drive a drill into my back ? 
@cassieventura yay cassie's back 
@jillhanner I've never seen the back of you, but that's also no punishment to look at 
@ChinaVagina @twobeerqueers That reply sounded pretty similar to a description of a mullet. Business in the front, party in the back. 
http://twitpic.com/3pg32 - @lesley007 - here's some sun my dear, i'll bring some back.. 
@TheDvS that's funny, I fancy an adventure like that, will there be drugs? Fingers crossed........behind my back 
well.. a quick hello and then goodbye... have to run to a gig...  catch everyone on the back end...
So tired.my back hurts..same with the feet...waiting outside the back exit to see if i can get a pic w lady gaga 
It's pretty hot outside. back to my task 
The amount of big stars that were on the x files looked soo young back then 
@tweenkiebelle ma kitty's back to me 
@midderhonz i'm good.. off to buy an electric horse 
@eldiablorioja Haha I was in the back out of guests view nice try 
@DrHoll I got your back  lol
tired and my back is seriously hurting... yes julie I took my calcium 
owwwwwww damn my brother smacked my back and i have a slight sun burn on my back lets jsut say i got even i smacked him in the face 
finished my capital transactions exam . . . as another monkey climbs down my back. looking forward to being in a glorious mood tomorrow. 
Only 5mins till my baby's back from work 
@fudgecrumpet saw the deforestation.so not surprised of bad back but @mrsfudgecrumpet moan back at you.lol 
jason! bend over so i can hit it from the back 
@kerkat28 i posted it! let me know what you think? theres a really cute cut out in the back too. 
@gabysslave haha no chance, I tweet rubbish back! 
Lovely hubby has just spray tanned the back of my legs for me so hopefully won't look like an allsort for much longer!! 
@TheWineVault oh I know. and I aprreciate it  it can be my back up plan 
@gweniipooh haha do you now? :O ...haha well i take it your back? 
@wantsum67 i'm ready for the back rub..... 
@ClintonSparks i've heard it before, but i kinda never really pay attention (nothing stuck in my head)  i'm just a kid back then
@bacondog wow, and all i was thinking was that i could fit a bike in the back 
Oh good.  its back on.
@karmadillo i can move my neck today and my back is much better thank you. I hope you are well 
http://twitpic.com/5551v - getting in on my back soon hehe 
@meigamon only the front half is cut.  the back is now a designated nature reserve... too much work   having a sit down to recover.
@clickwindrepeat she has a bald spot on her back that she won't leave alone.    @ChiefDork whipped up the piece of couture.  
My back is doing better 
@petewentz i vote you come out and talk to us in the back rave parking lot! 
@natsuneko That works  she wont hold back then lol i can tell you that much XD
@tfriberg So your back at it again  ...5 new bugs.....
@IvyBean104 well, make sure you follow a few back... twitteriquette, you know? 
pulled her back to the ground again, with help of someone special! ? love u both to death! 
ok - its back...i can now read the NYTImes. 
@y2vonne @BrewCityTails Now THIS kind of talking behind my back I LOVE!! 
@blakesamic evernote is the current fave for ideas... either that or writing on the back of envelopes. 
@MarishaLatreese u kno I got ur back haha even though we had our lil issue that we won't speak about haha 
@quisutdeus1984 good to see your back 
.. and its back to work. 
Looking at houses  too bad my back won't let me sleep I probably need it
So you are just looking at the back of guys and that isn't perving ?? You can't even be bothered with the face...women..shallow 
@punkpolkadots set backs are to be set back and move ahead...such that they are always at the back never ahead 
@mrphildog oo - tch on the front and bah on the back 
i guess i should feel special that alfie nearly broke his back falling down the stairs cause he was trying to see me, bless 
Everyone in the back row was texting so i thought i would! 
@n_melin Not as easy to lose that remote down the back of the sofa either 
b get's back @1030 
@ddlovato as fans we totally support u and we have ur back. its important that u know that there are so many of us that will care. 
but were good now, its back up 
@MaryJoRs Your back!  I thought you left us
@nthlondonhippy yep it will be fun, full of stimulating conversations I guess as  @snowdog has done his back-in 
me and my friend put head bands from the back to the front in english class she looked like a cat i looked like a poodle 
@joeykhor anything bothering you? look at this http://twitpic.com/5ojxd ! i'm smiling at you so please smile back at me! 
@thethirdrat all I'm saying is watch your back, it's notorious round there! 
@happyraylene she can't read korean cuz she's on blackberry now, which means we can talk behind her back. 
@antdaisy 's back! . . . wif poohfy cheeks that make her tawlk lie this. 
@mychael_black let me rub your back for some motivation 
Definitely a softy!!    When are ya'll due back?
http://twitpic.com/5p24w - and the back!! 
@ctayah got your back, yo! 
@GirlNumberThree I would like to see u try.  But i know u got my back in the big fight,right?
i could go 4 a back rub.....    somebody?
@pinwheelgirl Aww thank you very much and same back to you. 
@khai1911 @mssweettea @adnedeve @cascileharrell I have their back b4 any others 
my back is veryyy sore from yesterday, but it will not stop me from hockey. 
I cant believe i am up this early...off to nyc to see @taylorswift13 
now i'm tired .. off to bed.  
@SGisler i can kick you in the back if you like 
