Most common words for this cluster:
[('bad', 335), ('news', 80), ('good', 53), ('day', 37), ('times', 27), ('quot', 19), ('today', 15), ('http', 15), ('am', 14), ('time', 14), ('i', 13), ('amp', 13)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Bad', 0.9692139029502869), (u'Good', 0.6823422908782959), (u'bad', 0.6494832038879395), (u'Lousy', 0.6004476547241211), (u'boys_whatcha_gonna', 0.5861968994140625), (u'PUBLIC_ADDRESS_##/##/##', 0.5850321650505066), (u'Stupid', 0.579744815826416), (u'STEVEN_IVORY', 0.5776926279067993), (u'Awful', 0.5687994956970215), (u'Hate_Them', 0.5673581957817078)]





@ConservaTeacher Bad food &amp; a bug = misery   Glad you're feeling better! 
@AimeeLady exactly. Bad averts.  and they should have ads for DQ at night when it is closed. That is cruel and unusual punishment
Well, that didn't go well. I couldn't put much pressure on my arms so I had to use my back to hold me up. Bad idea, so I came back home. 
Good news - went frolicking in the sun. Bad news - got the first sunburn of the season. 
@donniesgirl29 Bad news! Your computer may be infected with the Conflicker Worm. It will likely require professional repair. 
Slacking on my tweets. We're in Ft. Smith seeing friends and family. Bad storms here are making me very nervous 
Re-reading dissertation - Bad Times 
Beautiful sunny day, good times!!!  Sore throat, runny nose, overall feeling miserable.  Bad times 
Good news is that the exercising picnic may be cancelled! yey! ^^! Bad news is we may have to play some footie instead  booohooo
Am I really going to watch Brothers And Sisters over Breaking Bad? Damn roomies. 
Blast! Have just remembered that I burnt out the motor on my hairdryer/ straightener yesterday and I'll have to go to work with Bad Hair 
Bad news: hard disk in PC died. Good news: it was the backup disk not primary disk. Bad news: means I can't ask CFO/wife for new PC 
In college.  Bad times. Lunchtime though.  Good times.
Sad mood just aggravates a headache. And headache adds to the sadness. Bad cycle 
Don't smoke cigs, kids - bad for you.  Bad. 
@jennaberman no   Playoffs this week tues n thurs and get out first loose. Bad part if if they make it to finals askin won't be there...
@adulau I'm afraid of this indeed... Bad story for Wim 
Wreck tonight. Good news is nobody hurt. Bad news is my car is hurting 
I live in Burma and today is the 1st year anniversary of the Nargis Cyclone. Bad memories. 
ElspethMurray: Bad people have been hacking things up in our shared garden  This is not the worst of it. Police are coming. http://twi..
Sorry. Strawberry of course. I am Russian you know. Bad manners, weak language skills. 
Getting ready for the summer!  Good things: warm weather, relaxation, drinks with little umbrellas in them. Bad Things: lack of live DJ's 
Good news: Clothes are done in the dryer and I can go to bed.  Bad news: It's Monday 
Feel like the worst mom ever! Left harv home while I was at work for 8 hours---in the dark and with no food  ! I am so upset! Bad mommy!
In the local park yesterday, I saw a Jackdaw try to take a baby gosling. I was only 10m away and didn't have my camera. Bad mistake 
How is the newest episode of Breaking Bad STILL not online? 
@oridusartic Ditto. 100% in agreement with you here. An increasing number of companies are using it as a marketing tool. Bad. 
Good:  public email in the lobby of the hotel.  Bad:  its in the fricken LOBBY and I feel like I am being watched the entire time.  
@Maykats damn you lol now I cxant get back in.   nah I am teasing but I did get this message 502 Bad Gateway and that was it
Good news - Mums to get paid maternity leave. Bad news for us - won't start til 2011 
All the oil couldnt completely save the kozha kozha sepankizhangu Shyam brought  Bad Buy!!!
Mothers Day Blows! Add the fact that I am home with the worst headache and hot flashes = Bad day 
Sexy lady- mc magic. Bad memories. 
@wossy &amp; co will now need to 'follow' their people back to get their messages read, thanks to the new Twitter cock-up (Good &amp; Bad there 
Good news: not as sore as expected from yoga class. Bad news: have started chewing on tongue again in my sleep 
Drunkenly tried to make mac and cheese at 12:30 am. Bad idea. Burned my pinky.  Ouch. Big blister!
@WhoIsSaraLeigh yea I haven't done ANYthing all day . Bad day ... And it was HOT as hell  blah ...He'll live ....
Feels A Rele Bad Cold Coming On  Bad Times
Noone text me back! , sitting on my ass all day again it seems!  Bad times
@paintedfaces_x Oh noo! Bad times... What a bad time to be ill, with exams this week! 
Easy like Sunday morning. Out on the porch enjoying coffee and family time. Missed church  because we have a baseball game. Bad excuse.
@Miche77eR good hope it stays dry for you, im off so of course...... Bad weather 
Good news: I am still in office working; Bad news: my research paper got rejected,oh wait both are bad news 
Sigh. Made the mistake of stopping at end of sequence on Fri - having trouble picking up where to go next   Bad girl! Always stop mid-
dont you hate it when your eating rice krispies and you forget about them and they go all soggy  - cue Daniel Powter Bad Day
@jeffgerstmann I am seeing 502 Bad Gateway nginx/0.6.34 quite a bit while trying to watch vids on Giant Bomb 
Internet failing me with Breaking Bad again 
Is having lunch. Bad weather and stupid topics. I miss Barcelona 
Is Off To Work  Bad Times 
@caninez @CdnCowgirl I'm going to make some fusilli or fusili, pasta! Yeah carbs! Bad at this time! 
Got a Bad headache 
FaxStory has not done the Profile Pic yet, Bad FaxStory 
I have to go to work today  Bad times... Ohh and I have a hot date with a word document later... Could I be more glamorous?
Good news is that it's almost the bank holiday weekend. Bad news is that I'm working tomo 
I am so sorely disappointed in Archie's choice.  Bad move, red. 
Sigh... I have to say Next  . Bad luck for me.
My ipod has been in route from NV since this morning.  Darn you too, fedex. You and TWC are now on my Bad List.
Good news: The &quot;Clap&quot; method works fairly well for syncing audio. Bad news, the mic splitter I bought does not work 
Wow just realized haven't checked Twitter since 9am when I saw my to-do list. Good news- got lot done. Bad news-don't know where day went 
Being dragged round Ikea this morning  Bad times!
The Good: I drank Jager and licked a hot asian girl's foot. The Bad: I was reminded once again that I will never get asian girls ever. 
Is feeling like he has a bad flu. Yes. Bad. Flu. 
@WFUJerseyJon Curses. Bad timing.  We'll make it happen soon, though.
Urgh.... feeling like crap today. Bad headache, tired, blood sugars too high. 
@One_Bloody_Poet  Bad friends! Sorry to hear that.
@xzenax Bad times for everyone  Whywhywhy do we have to write essays  No fair!
Got a Real Bad  headache 
Coming to the end of a looooong day. Good new is, I got everything done! Bad news- I gotta wake up @ 4:45am tomorrow for work! 
Good news is I survived the mosquitoes. Bad news is the Lakers won. 
Knees are on fire, though. Bad knees FTL. 
Watching some Jackass with my brother. We are bored and we miss our dirtbikes... Bad. 
Being a socialite at several open bars: Good idea. Letting a drunk friend take pictures with and then lose your phone: Bad idea. 
@vach151 Bad news though - I have no Neko Case 
@LisaMarie514 Looks like the sleep genie is unhappy with you &amp; @queenohearts &amp; @steviespin. Bad sleep genie!! 
Good news - cats are pleased to see us. Bad news - Sky+ has not recorded our programmes and has deleted most of the saved ones!  Gutted.
@pappe_it_is Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee    = Bad Exam!!  
Hungry... Bad Times 
@Fearnecotton Friendly fires = TUNE!!!!! Am now dancing in the sunshine!!!!  Ooooops sorry i know your missing it  Bad times 
Good news: lots of work coming in. Bad news: it means working all weekend. 
Oh, they just said. Thanks Dec. No Diversity next, so I should go  Bad times.
Slept in, which is great, but i had a rough night sleeping. Bad dreams. Es Triste. 
Woke up late and have had a headache all day.  Bad for getting work done when I need to. Gonna take a quick nap and hope I feel better.
@scifilaura baaaaad Laura! Bad bad bad! But i also took no POT pics at Balticon 
Just epically wiped out on the sidewalk while helping Matt carry groceries. Good news: I wasn't carrying the eggs. Bad news: I bleed 
@pathfindersar Bad sexist humor oh ho! Friend of mine just died from Mad Cow do not think you could convert me 
@beccadaisical I do. It's on Facebook now, but it's really, really blurry. Bad picture. 
@rachel_simmo Bad decision by Eurosport, had a quick scan of the net and can't find any working links to the game 
@xXxnicci95xXx cool well have fun with that ! so glad i don't have to do anything like that or coursework ever again! they were Bad Times 
can't believe Ben won't be here until tomorrow now  Bad times.
College tmorro... yey  Bad timessss! aha Benidorm with fudgecake now though 
These shoes are beautiful, but they hurt. I have been wearing them since 10:00am. Bad. Idea  http://twitpic.com/6d2ku
Back to college tomorrow  Bad times 
@PaulRandal Twitpic = 502 Bad Gateway 
what happened to twitpic?  I was gonna post pictures of the new red-eye but twitpic's gone all 502 Bad Gateway on me.  
All people are speaking of MTV Awards.. and I... I Can't see it!!!!    Bad Bad Bad!!!   
About to watch the last episode of &quot;Breaking Bad&quot; for this season 
Four words I've been dreading: &quot;Breaking Bad&quot; season finale. It's a sad night for all of us who love this AMC show 
Tried to use my injured arm to massage ppl tonight. Bad idea. In pain  healing is a process.
Back in the office. Sun is beaming down outside. Bad times 
is Burnt  Very Bad Times.....
@rocketjsquirrel oh well,he'll be back next year... Bad day...(Moi= disappointed) 
@Redkatblonde take a lead from cincymag and look at jpeckjewelers.com under cufflinks.  Cool baseball links!  Bad site though, no tinyurl 
Surprised nobody has tweeted this story,  http://bit.ly/oP6Ym -  Bad times for all involved 
@theminiwheat You know what's good in ramen? Canned sausages &amp;egg yolk. Cholesterol filled goodness for your tastebuds! Bad for the heart 
Good news - LLU activated today. Bad news - it's no faster than our old ADSL. looks like we have an underlying fault somewhere 
Got car run into today not happy  Bad day today and the weather was so nice.
Alek's eye is all swollen and I cannot figure out why. It doesn't seem to be bothering him. Bad mommy 
Good news: free kitten Bad news: it hates me 
@LannaGayle I'm watching the finale of Breaking Bad and then I'm going to start writing my next paper... 
La Gazzetta dello Sport lists Croatia among 5 countries that are not recomended to visit for safety reasons - Bad Joke 
Nice liddle Nap. 1:25am &amp; I awake. This could be Bad News... Mite be up 4awhile. 
@Yazziness haha im sorry!!!!!!! Lol Exam time for essica  awh man!!! Bad times. Iwiah i could pay dsmeone to do it for me.
Morning everyone.  Bad start to the day.  Woke of from bad dream AND can't play WoW 
Try to do something,. Bad mood 
@MW91 Stressful day! Trying to revise for tomorrow but nothing is going in! Bad times! I see yours isn't going too well... LOL. 
ChinaSmack under DOS attack - http://www.chinasmack.com &lt;--- Bad day for the Chinternet 
The Nation reports on the &quot;academic class system&quot; of tenured &amp; adjunct profs. Bad time to be on the job market.  http://ow.ly/aDxu
Had X-ray of my foot.  Good news- no fractures.  Bad news- extreme tendonitis &amp; no running until it's completely better 
I have officially given up on my quest for Bad Girl. What I wouldn't give for just one more can... 
Btw, I picked up a few links from the ever-informative @gayrainarmy, but didn't always have credit space.  Bad Lee, but good @gayrainarmy!
is oh so very tired and has Politics in just over an hour. Bad times 
WTF: my @PackardBell does not boot, black screen, high tone wissle &lt;=&gt; Bad start  Working with my Dell mini9
@cenori Bad! Never exercise to that point! 
@dragozov Well, the article is up now, unfortunately not a great response. Bad timing, or just not the right content. Who knows 
BitbyBit Post: Bad Feed  http://tinyurl.com/p6agro
Biology tomorrow  Bad times!!!!!!!!!! I might crryyyyyy x
Leaving for heathrow airport soon  I love it here . . why do i have to go back to Norn Iron. Bad Times 
@KGWSunrise Russ: Bad people will do bad things, no matter how secure we think we r. Its in their DNA 
@ByesvilleRotary I will try not too, I don't wish it on anyone! Bad weather always comes with the Memorial Tournament! I don't know why 
Installed Skype to check it for a friend. It works well after some tweaks. Bad news. I don't wanna fall in love with another non free s/w 
@shwong I only watch the first and last 8 laps! Haha! But I like watching the cute drivers! Sauber? Bad start of the year so far 
@Forx I know what you mean man. Bad times on the job front  I can't believe its been a year since we'd finished uni. Keep at it mate. xxx
Starting to feel quite ill... Left nearly half my tea, can't sing, jelly legs, really sleepy and a headache from hell !  Bad times !
Lost my phone. Bad news bears  Hoping @aaronfreed will be willing to go to AT&amp;T store w/ me
Hubs finally called. Forgot to tell me they had firearms training today. I hate not being able to get a hold of him.  Bad hubby!
@pricetom http://twitpic.com/6p9xv - Bad mojo @ Torchsong! Get well soon! 
Hungry, Bored, drove, and homesick. Bad combo. &quot;Man I miss my dogs&quot; and by dogs I mean @deekristen 
Home in NB. Bad day for animals! Roadkill count: 1 deer, 1 skunk, numerous porcupines and a big bloody smear. 
@gowalla Gowalled all the countries except Norway. Bad storm &amp; satellite couldn't find me  Hollywood Studios tomorrow!
Going to sleep at 7 am since the last two days. Good when you're sleeping all day after. Bad when you have an orientation at 10 am. 
Good news: Weekend Weather has improved  Bad news: Sore throat    Conclusion: Whatever...
@katiemarie19 Called out 4 the Sharm!! Bad times matey! Not bk till prob about 4am  Off 2mrw now so a drive in ure new mo mo is needed xxx
Tweet no. 100! - Bad news though, one of my friends got fired at my school..  I feel so bad for him.
Right, gona vote for Tom once more then head for work!  Bad times.
Revising for biology exam next week. Raining outside  Nan just ate the last donut! Bad times...
@shevvy09 I'm in the same boat. Bad timing for holiday paperwork-wise. Have to figure out what I need and get it done 
Addicted to &quot;Good Girls Go Bad&quot; 
We lost   Bad coaching, so hopefully flag in the fall will be much better!  Sun burnt and lovin Ohio weather right now.
Just had to cancel on my man Fubar. Bad time keeping on my part results in no party time at his in kdy. Sorry dude 
@Fallen_Reason Bad tiemz 
@PrincessSarahXx - lucky you, I'm in food deficit  I need to put that right &amp; get down to Bad Sneakers
@itskimpossible Keane song playing at work.  Bad visions in my head. 
@jenmcguireink hi, thank you! Good news is no tumors &amp; no more bad disks. Bad news they can only try to manage the pain. I'm very sad. 
@staroflondon Are you not coming to Manchester then?   Bad times. Mcr&gt;Ldn
LOL we're ready for Joel! Bad lighting in here  http://mypict.me/2RV9
Tummy is hurting had way tooooo much to eat at such a late hour  not good Bad Jenni
There's a big bad doxie bein a bad boy in the middle of the park. Someone needs to tell his twoleg to control him! Bad boy! 
Home way too early for a show night  whatever. Bad show and band dudes getting on my nerves all day. Glad i'm home.
No chance of cycling this weekend. Heading bk 2 Bromsgrove to go on turbo and gym. Bad weather 4 cast all next wk 
@omg_raptor  Ugh. Bad memories.  But not as bad as that champs game we had to do in middle school.
away match in st albans, clashing with Fed's historic final. Bad, bad planning 
Urgh I also need to do my washing. but dont want to brave the rain to get to the washers.  Bad times!
Good news, I got registered for the last course I need to graduate.  Bad news, its' at the navy yard 
Doing Geography revision. Bad times 
Good day: my grandfather just gave me money. Bad day: my washing machine broke so i have to spend the day at the laundromat 
@Hollziie  Really Arwwww  Thats well Bad all of them??
@Tina_Murphy yes hope so I have my dvr ready. Bad loss yesterday 
I wish Breaking Bad was on tonight  I guess i'll just watch the finals.
@twephanie i'm vry excited 2 C google wave. I'm from germany &amp; watched the preview vid. Ps: I'm not a developer  sry 4 my Bad englisch.
Random graze on my chin  Bad times....
#BNP = Bad Night for Politics 
@imbarbarella It seems that Josie had some haters who were giving her a hard time. She decided to delete her twitter. Bad!  Weird people!
Good news: went to a nice picnic for the gf's b-day Bad news: I think I missed a friend's appearance on the Tony's 
The Good News: Shot an &quot;18&quot; at Saskatoon today! The Bad News: It was on their 3 hole paractice course  That's equal to a 102 on 72!
Is going up. I'm now refusing to let things get on top of me. Have been at work for 25minutes (yes, its 8.25am)... Bad start already  
Hi everyone^^ Bad weather in France today  I'm tired too...pfff long day...
Good idea-wear a pair of jeans you haven't worn in a while. Bad idea-pick the pair that's meant to be thrown away coz they have a hole. 
Yea so fuq him for making me feel this way.... Bad chocolate 
Ate too much junk food.  Bad Taylor, Bad!
@maheshmurthy Someone should change that Wikipedia post! Bad info 
My head hurts. Bad. Real bad. 
Back from L's optometry appt. Good news: False alarm, eyes 100% perfect. Bad news: She's sick and wheezing again, going to see ped later. 
@RoadyRVdog Bad link to TX_RV_Professor - sniff sniff 
My knee hurts, my head hurts and Christian just thinks I'm being a wimp! Bad times! 
I just ate so much cantalope. Wow. Bad idea on Sarah's part. Now I have the hiccups &amp; my stomach is bulging. 
@alexandramusic Nite alex....u gta sing, i gta go college  lol. Bad times man...cant wait 2 finish!!! Sweetdreams xxxx
Good news: StarCraft 2 beta key. Bad news: Recent RSI flare up ensures multiplayer insta-death. 
Omg!!!! Bad day court worst place ever and went to downtown pleasonton . And the court gave me 18 hours community service 
I don't see any of @katiebabs tweets but I did the same thing @jenthegingerkid did.  REALLY Bad use of first person 
@jamiemichelle Bad day at work on your birthday? That sucks.  Have an awesome birthday night!
@teutonia good one! Some great dates, kick-ass 5th grade grad party. Bad was a V sick Sam 
Good news: I have a cold, not a flu. Bad news: it's nasty, I'm pretty much a zombie, and my brother arrives tomorrow with his girlfriend 
My head feels like its going to explode. Bad headache. Dizzy 
Gloomy weather...only you on dvd.. Bad combo 
Liz got the G1 phone today, I got a new Blackberry Bold... but I can't get any apps for it for some reason  Bad decision??
Way too tired, was awake til 3 and up early for an interview.  Bad times.  I need sleep 
Hello everybody! Bad start this morning 
Poorly baba  Sammy has a stinking cold. Bad mummy for leaving a window open in his room! Thermometer said it was 24 degrees though 
Thinks she is now gunna cry due to the fact i was not at the jonas brothers and mcfly were special guests  Bad Times ...Sad Times
Bah - I was exhausted hours ago, but somehow I forced myself to stay awake until 2am.  Bad Sims 3  Bad!!!
@cssbit  @hossamelkady Damn I found Now a site for twiiter as paid followers ,, You pay for more followers !! that's Bad 
Good news my boss canceled my observation 4 2day. Bad news he rescheduled 4 Friday 
'Your upset face you wear it well, camouflage the way you feel when everything's the matter' - Kinda how I feel today  2 words Bad day.
Awwwwwwwwwww! NZ LOST!!!! Bad running and they only made 110. 
The things you dooo makes me keep runnin to youuu... member that classic Bad Boy sound.. I miss that.... 
Good new: its not gonna rain tmrw. Bad news: its not going to be warm enough for the beach 
Stayed up sketching til 2am. Bad idea. I'm exhaustteddd today. 
My car is broken - overheating. (Engine smoking = Bad) I hope it's not expensive to fix. 
Karate night, but only watching tonite. Bad ankle and inflammed bursar in hip 
Wow did not no i am that insecure that i needed attention ALL of the time?!?! Bad revalation 
Oh no. Bad day. Mood plummeting. Want to go home  #work
No more coffee!  Bad chest pain! Real Bad chest pain!  I hate this feeling.
Argh! Bad sleep followed by no sleep is not fun  #fb
sesame snaps are from Poland! Bad for my carbon footprint 
Caravanserai for dinner tonight. Bad timing - turkish food with a sore tummy 
Gee thanks, tell me the day out is cancelled and they all go anyway...  Bad day already and I've only been up for 40 minutes...
My legs... Hurt.. So.. Bad. 
I am diagnosig myself with Epic Hayfever. Bad times 
Being Bored As Usual Haa -- Life Is Such A Bad Mess 
Ask me why I ate two chili cheese dogs,fries,a brownie, and a cucumber for lunch!!!!! Bad Adrian!  
Uhhh..In Bedd..Such A Bad Headache 
@pslove AHA! I read your review already. lol. Bad memory. 
My dog chewed up my fav brown sandals w a pink polka dot design.  I was gonna sport them in Hawaii. Bad doggie!
@ToniMarie711 Bad tooth, that I've been neglecting way too long.  uggghhh I need another Root Canal
Have to call it a night.  Bad storm outside...hope the electric doesn't go off. Goodnight all and have fun! 
@Lunsford Thinking of you.  Bad news all around.
Goodnite twiteers .. Bad day hopefully goes better tomorrow 
I just realize my bf has been tweetinh the whole time we've been hanging out... Bad Ant!!!! 
@bitchinmona I totally missed what you were talking about...I fell asleep through half the game!! Bad Sox fan...lol 
Learning to Salsa dance...  Bad times... http://yfrog.com/59db0j
The Good: I got two adorable new hamsters - Remus and Ace! The Bad: they smell. The Worst: I'm allergic to them. 
Has just been rolling around on the floor with patients ... Again. Bad times 
Hey Tweetdeck fans: New release means a ton of very cool new features http://ow.ly/eMrC Bad news: still loses group tweets on restart 
Just bought a mcds, dropped ALL my chips on the floor, then spilt my drink all over me. Bad day. 
Bored chilling upstairs at work. Pah! Bad times! 
Good news: I was right about chf/usd (http://online.wsj.com/article/BT-CO-20090618-709183.html).  Bad News: I slept through it 
Deffo failed at the sats shop comp  After checking all week, my laptop then decides to act like an OAP. Bad timesss.
related to watching 12 Angry Men, UK's first trial without jury... Bad, bad bad precedent  http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/8106590.stm
@dlozupone Nope, it's slow today. So don't know how long we'll stick... + I didn't do much promo this week  Bad me #FBR
UAH is still pretty boring. Bad way to spend my 2 days off 
@WesAtHome Sorry Wes.  Bad copy and paste job.  
Good news, I got back on the bike this week.  Bad news, old injury flares up like crazy...    Off to Kaiser I go, again and again.........
Shit! Just cracked my iPhone screen- dropped on asphalt. Bad timing- they're prob already lined up at Apple stores for G3s launch  #fb
Seems like Rafa is out for Wimb. Bad  His end is coming much too quickly...
Is that called &quot;Bad Luck&quot; for SA losing in almost all the semis of World Cups, with over 90% win in their league and super 6/8 matches.?  
Kitty keeps jumping and nipping me. Bad stir-crazy cat. 
Shoulder's seriously painful thanks to dragging around bags of weeds yesterday  Bad thing is it's my left shoulder that's usually ok!
Penthouse pet photo shoot http://yfrog.com/4bpcmjj (via @MsTeagan) Bad link 
@Lynchie555 Does the F1 news count? Bad day for F1 fans everywhere 
Just arrived at the gym and ALL I can think about is chocolate cake. Damnit! Bad Katherine! 
@LeoVK In Bromley? Which one? Bad luck! 
Man flu really kicking in. Heavy head, temperature, sore throat, runny nose, and work at 7am tomorrow morning. Bad times. 
@FrankieTheSats How come the Manchester show was cancelled?! We turned up after a 2 hour drive to find the shutters down. Bad times  x
Thousands without power, Taste is cancelled, and all the places to eat are packed. Bad night indeed 
Zetus lupetus, my tummy hurts. Lactose Intolerant, and i keep eating cereal. Bad idea  I cannot fall asleep.
Someone 4got 2 mentioned that the post article ab wolftrap said &quot;these Bad Boys are average dancers&quot;. Depressing 
Feelin utterly depressed right now..  can't wait till show starts so i'm distracted for a few hrs. Bad things come in 3s, 1 more to go.
@twishmay Bad..Delhi's burnin'..jus not possible to go out  uaaaaannnnnnnn
Everyone seems to be off to McFly tonight.. Without out me  Bad times..
Good: old sim makes new iPhone activate. Bad: apple store is closed for renovations 
@weirdartist It didn't suck sweetie! I was just pissed off with someone. I left my curry and my CD there  Bad times
I HATE going on bebo and having NO mail. Where are you JD???? Bad times 
http://twitpic.com/7x5dt - Bad quality.  Watching @ddlovato &amp; @selenagomez movie PPP!
Having trouble sleeping. Sad to be away from my little boy.  I feel tired but sleep will not cooperate. Bad sleep naughty sleep.
@voek I've been on it about 6 hours today?  I couldn't win ANYTHING online for ages then got 600 BP then dropped to 400.  Bad times 
I ate a piece of KFC chicken. Bad idea. I feel nauseous. 
Home  shit. Bad flight, too much Jack. Bad head. Oh dear
@amanilouella Bad Cough, Head Hurts And I Can Eat 
@Rocker182 I'm in the proces of doing so,I'm currently dl'ing Bad Religion but it's about 3,5 Gb of it &gt;.&gt; so it will take a while 
Shit!  I totally forgot about MEandJOANCOLLINS @greatscottrock tonight!    Bad Veronica
Just now got back from water park. Tired &amp; HUNGRY! And feet are absolute hamburger meat. Bad sandals! Ow. 
Insomnia &amp; sickness ... Bad combo! ... Is it over ?! 
@Afficionados_HH damn! They lost 63-60. Bad weekend for their bros at swans too 
Low battery!!! Bad times 
lifted a 20l bag of soil yesterday. as in, 3 metres. Now have tendonitis in left shoulder. Bad #RA (probably need to increase meds yuck  )
Is back in the SP finally. Bad news, the johnson creek outlet mall wasn't open yet so no shopping 
Bad thing about losing your wallet- you lost your wallet. Good thing- Get to buy a new wallet! Bad thing- All your money is in old wallet 
It's 7.40pm and I'm in bed all ready. Feeling ill blows.  Bad times.
Top Gear Australia is Bad Bad Bad 
&quot;Kidnap my heart, take me with you...&quot; | Bad time. 
Good news! Getting the volvo! Bad news: won't be ready for 2 days 
@melarno noooooo! Bad times   Did you check gauge before you ripped?
Backache from packing letters and scanning letters all day. Bad times 
Got my last GCSE test for this term tomorrow, Additional Science. Bad news, got three mocks still to come 
Dang i messed up bad. I MEAN Bad  pray for me!
NOTE: Buy Running Shoes..; I need a massage  Bad!!
 no transformers. Bad mood. Hungry shit just keeps adding on. Ok got food maybe a turn for the better
@SimplyJulia Good night, sweetie! Bad allergy season all over  Feel better
Ten sports seems to have bagged the rights for CL for next 3 seasons  Bad for us. 
Bad news is my phone is still missing. Good news is I HAVE KOALA-PAN. Bad news is I have no keitai to take photos of the koala-pan. 
We've been live for 3 weeks and have 40 users - very exciting. Bad news is we're below Prison Conjugal Harmony dating on google 
AHHH I don't want to wait for Season 3 of Breaking Bad!!! 
Not feeling work at all tonight especially seen as tho im there till 9:10 instead of the normal 7:10, Feel abit crappy aswell! Bad Times 
@TouringRider Thanks for the suggestion. It's not the battery; it tests at 12 volts. Just clicks.  Starter motor fine. Bad contact maybe? 
good sides of the day-I bought myself a big ass bottle of Dr. Pepper...and it's all miiinne! College dun 4 summer! Bad-i broke my finger! 
Odstartoval code review a pri te prilzezitosti se zacetl do Bad smells in code z knihy Refactoring.Vycet smradu http://tinyurl.com/dj5v7u 
@jrleckie please tell me the cars are not up on blocks  J.  Sorry I could not resist.  Bad &quot;you might be a Texas pastor if....... joke
At the Remedy Diner for lunch (Raleigh). I got Bad Penny, and they didn't even try to give me a glass. 
Watching Bad Boys &amp; Bad Boys II. Evening with Michael Bay    http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0000881/
@iamdiddy My name is @AmoureMusic and I'm locked in!  Bad Boy... Let's go!!!
Watching Biggest Loser and eating chocolate. Bad me. Switching to Sakatas. Muuuuuch healthier. 
back home sorry for lack of updates, forgot my phone charger!! had great time in Cardiff, and even Bad Wolf Bay 
@yomissb Yes ..I want my own WORLD tooo ...following your status I agree lol ...also please NO men Bad enough they are on earth too  !!!
@far1983 Nothing really man..Hwz you..Bad that I got to rush to office now 
@Adam16bit Strong Bad? I think I will! 
Saw the power of Twitter (and new/social media) today. Congrats to AWARE. Bad guys don't always win after all 
@robluketic - Rob I see you are following 13 ppl. Bad luck number - illegal move. Can be fixed by following me back again! 
@Willie_Day26 @donnieklang @marinachello @jordanmccoy Thanks for being the Bad Boy artists that follow us! 
For the record... &quot;Disturbia&quot; = Bad movie. Off to bed 
@Pontoon_uk Ah, that's good! Bad backs are scary, you never know if it'll be better in 2 days or there forever - glad it's sorted 
Bad Boys Bad Boys what you gonna do what you gonna do when the Swedish House Mafia comes for you  hihih just funny  
The clock is striking 10pm on a Sunday night. Breaking Bad time 
@dougiemcfly so which one are you The Good, The Bad or The Ugly 
&quot;Bad words are a crutch, they lead to tattoos and peircings!&quot;  Hahahaha!
@itsmeleighton Good Girls Go Bad is absolutely AMAZING!!! You are good singer.  and i looove cobra starship, they are awesome! ;)
Just watched the last Dollhouse. Not Bad 
@TheLegalVADana Absolutely correct.  I can call Starbucks. Bad line, then?
Good thing about airline benefits: free standby flights/Bad thing about airline benefits: free *standby* flights 
Re last rt, The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly is now out on bluray 
Rare Sunday Internet session.  Downloading Bad Company and buying a crochet book 
@CNICELB Bad Feet and Ankles? Deal breaker! Chicks out boys graduation..not good on our imagination hahaha  I know what you mean though
my hair looks all crappy grrr &gt;.&lt; Bad Hair Day tomorrow fersure! ugh! Well finally going to sleep  TweetNight haha
@ilovepaul21 no stress! Bad for baby! And no this friend doesn't! Bc the thoughts I'm having right now. But I love everything u do 4 me!! 
&quot;Good Girls Go Bad&quot; - Cobra Starship (feat. Leighton Meester): my new favorite song 
Talking to Andy about Bad Company, him having sex with my mom, and my dad being stupid for making me park in the mud. 
