Most common words for this cluster:
[('bbq', 438), ('food', 165), ('today', 152), ('pizza', 146), ('amp', 130), ('http', 122), ('chicken', 120), ('com', 115), ('time', 109), ('lunch', 107), ('day', 106), ('i', 104)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Chicken_Sandwiches', 0.7766157388687134), (u'Grilled_Steak', 0.7746231555938721), (u'Barbecued_Pork', 0.7683719396591187), (u'Taco_Salad', 0.7675203084945679), (u'BBQ', 0.7647436857223511), (u'Roast_Beef_Sandwich', 0.7643091082572937), (u'PORT_CITY_FOODIES', 0.7632392048835754), (u'Broccoli_Casserole', 0.7612345814704895), (u'Cheese_Steak', 0.760566234588623), (u'Philly_Cheesesteak', 0.7575197815895081)]





I know my life has been flipped upside down when I just thought in my head that some Ramen sounds good. 
@MyConnecticut Restaurant called WoodNTap has competitive eating tourney round tourney time. We place 2nd 
Pepperoni rolls in L.A.?: I called Valentino's - they said that they had sausage rolls but no pepperoni rolls  http://tinyurl.com/cec5ka
Sliced my finger 
@MissElizabeth Food allergies suck!  I became allergic to shellfish about 4 months ago out of the blue, and I used to love shrimp.  
Coffee &amp; Carrot Cake Slices... Mmm, still lost for ideas for art    help!
@bloodrush545 Ugh. Pizza would be fantastic right now. Too bad this isn't phx. No pizza places open ppast like 10 here. 
sister's cat Meatball has had its leg crushed- needs to be amputated now, poor little thing 
Ack everybody's talking about Krispy Kreme. And I have a tooth ache right now. 
There is a tame pigeon sleeping on my BBQ outside near the doorway of my house that keeps returning everyday! I don't want it here 4ever 
@stevengsaunders I miss Taco Bell toooooo.  There should be WAY more Taco Bell franchises. 
@chrispople didn't see any in Whole Food last week @hollowlegs haven't seen any there either 
Ravioli just burned my tongue! 
is missing her best friend   but hoping the happy, cold couple is having a good time and does not forget the Imo's Pizza.
Pizza Hut,well so much for the new  deals Waited 30 mins to get served,and then guess what no pasta no salad and 30 min wait for pizza 
Is it just me or has the centre-bit dramatically reduced in Jaffa Cakes? 
At home sick  Chicken noodle soup&lt;3
Is oh so sad because I left my Andiamo leftovers on my counter at home  so much for yummy leftovers
Food, tv, chillin and nice sleep... I wish u could be here wit me babe! 
Wont go back to KFC for a while.  Where KFC failed is: I ordered my usual fave, but their guy suggested the &quot;special&quot; instead. Not yum ...
I just ate KFC 
Salad from cafeteria is f-ing my stomach up. 
The music in Arbys is depressing. 
@confedswht Right I want to BBQ  I got 3lbs of salmon.
My mum is making Veg Curry tonight, i dont understand this, i asked if she could make it with chicken, she said no 
@taklandrock Ahhhh Chipotle! The nearest Chipotle is the one in downtown CS... 102 miles away from me. 
i want a grill... 
@TiffanyStarnes halfway home then to BBQ in midcity.  have one me!
@angel0712 And thanks for eating that bagel for me, because I never made it to Panera today. 
Steaks - checkSide dishes - checkPropane - whoops 
Smoked duck po boy jacqueimos jackson sq amazing! And $5..out of boudin tho  #fqfest
Is back from work. Then back to the lied at 7! Eatin' dinner alone 
Sliced the skin clean off my finger at bowling... &amp; it has a load of fluff in it...painful 
Burgers with the IronTeam after an epic workout...during which I got injured 
I want Arbys for dinner but everyone else wants Chilis! 
Crepe O' Chocolate is closed 
Is @ The Cheesecake Factory with my spoiled rotten daughter per her PERSISTENT request! Dads a push over 
Shakey's was so much fun but like always good times come to an end 
I can't eat Zaxby's anymore... too much acid reflux 
I'm hungry and I want IHOP now!  Bullfuck!
Footy Tips free Whopper fail; Knights put the Dragons to the sword 
@Xenex someone tweeter back to me that it's KFC's version of McCafe  I was hoping for a dine in KFC ala Pizza Hut.
my brother hit the cat with his car and now Burger is suffering from a cracked hip. 
Ate at Jimmy Buffetts for dinner. Here's my review: Island grilled Chicken Salad : thumbs down. Chix was processed, not fresh grilled. 
@RobynCarter Didn't know there was a hearing loss conference in my backyard!     --&gt; I'd have bought you Marra's Pizza!
Must resist urge to go Omni... If I go I'm just going to end up gorging myself on a Spicy Italian in Subway and a Monkey Business in Zumo 
Corndog is leaving the world of inverurie  i have a giant tear in my eye-very sad!
Noodle update: they weren't worth it. They were spicy and rank 
I think I got food poisoning from a midnight run to IHop 
Now where the hell can I get god damn BBQ Gas from these days... nowhere sells it any more??? So much for our Barbecue plans 
binged at Italianni`s. last cheat day man, i swear. head still hurtsss 
@beebalmdancer Awww, this is sweet. I miss him too, and ALWAYS during Bartender. 
I can smell BBQ's outside and I have to go to stinking work. great 
Orient Special Chicken - &quot;highly recommended&quot; or not - not so special. 
Yummy. Chocolate Rasberry Truffle coffee this morning. Enjoy the rest of your weekend friends. I think my son's game will be cancelled 
Mmm BBQ. Yummy. Garden needs a bit of work though. *sigh*. I hate gardening 
Tuna on its way to being wiped out by 2012   http://bit.ly/N0MiV
Breakfast at Gusto grilled organics, and then it's goodbye manhattan 
@Shasuperstar It doesn't look like you and I are on the same Island cause I'm not have BBQ ribs for lunch 
@robbiechampion that's always a tough decision.  I'm stuck with either Panera Bread, or Maggianos. Ugh, decisions decisions decisions..lol
Just had a BBQ, bloody thing took ages to heat up, bit of a disappointment 
Zzzzz....packing and cleaning all day. Pizza and glasses of red wine....now...paint the 4th room....ggrrrrr, don't want to, but I must. 
@saskiawalker poor you! Stinky BBQ fumes are no fun 
KFC + pizza hut =&gt; deadly combi. too full to sleep.. 
Sun + Beer + BBQ makes me a happy, happy man...the resulting indigestion does not.  
Cookie time at the Subway! I'm always dissing the Subway but cookie time can not be denied 
craves for an Angus Mushroom and Swiss XXL from Burger King 
Potato Cakes in Grill triggered the fire alarm @ brkfast time 
@Dianars we first tried to go to Taco Bell in Courthouse -- which has apparently been torn down 
My Dunkin Donuts bagel is not all that I had hoped 
@keleatscupcakes ...mexican! Yummy, that reminds me of Moe's  ...i miss moe's
painting some doors  cleaning up my house :| maybe a BBQ tonight??!? 
ate KFC chicken after jogging...  http://plurk.com/p/p6il1
Wow! The witch drove into the ditch! Next to Cotton's BBQ. 
Bananas, Rice, Applesauce, Toast... 
Mmmm...lunch just arrived.  Chicken &amp; broccolli alfredo here I come!  Too bad I only have 10 minutes to eat it.  
@brendadada join the club.  Lettuce leaf with grated carrot in it for me 
@brendadada join the club.  Lettuce leaf with grated carrot in it for me 
@miss_sahara me too is so hungry.  im gonna Feast tonight! Mmm.. Food..
@jamie_oliver Drul..Sun is also shining brightly here in a far north so BBQ would be perfect but gotta stay at the office and dive depper 
@jonmoss Still waiting for today's Graze box  - and I'm really hungry 
@jamie_oliver i want to have a garden, i will make BBQ too 
@amyprutch hmmm.. Cheese is good but it sucks that IGA here charge $20 a lb. for very ordinary English Cheshire. 
TJ's BBQ &amp; Grill spice mix and low sodium soy sauce. Good except marinated with too much soy sauce.  http://yfrog.com/6mwcej
@EmilyxMarie I can never get the salad because we only have the delivery Pizza Hut here. I miss the dine-in ones though. The lunch buffet 
Also stopped @ Chipotle (http://bit.ly/oS3fd)  in Atl on the way hm pckd up a few burritos - just can't get them here in Franklin   mmm
It's 1:28 am and I want Hostess ORANGE Cupcakes. 
child of mine is still not home  lost without him ! Sushi here we come ;) BANG . . u got me , nothing else `OVAH .
@Pasta_Disaster aha, need to get it on my 360 but I fried my HDD a lil while ago so I can't get onto live to download it 
Having a BBQ tonight, but it looks like it's going to rain then... 
Now I'm done, with Myoplex Original . . . .yeeechhh! 
Kitchen drawer clutter chucked and drawer now sorted - a bit OCD but times were desperate as couldn't find corkskrew 
furious not to loose weight  Eating too much grain, cereals nd not enough veggies to reduce my intake, and not enough exercising 
@miss_pipedream Aww, neither am it... It's crap   Spaghetti is like, my favourite food ever, and I'm not allowed to eat it :'[
@imagni Ended up with a Cheese Savourey sandwich and a Sausage Roll, and was left dissapointed 
any ideas for the BBQ tommorow ? Ummmm? A Pig on A spit, Really ?? Lets Not  
i was cooking in Docs Kitchen, trying to make bread, but i burnt it 
PIZZA! Yum dinner. So I'm off. Batt nearly dead 
@shampodecapante Preferia Sardines...  !!!
is working when he should be getting ready for the BBQ 
Stuffed now  just had a pint and steak in the redwell. Could have done with more but is driving 
Epic BBQ-evening yesterday - unfortunately the mandatory headache kicked in with a vengence today 
Cookin breakfast over campfire this morning--eggs, potatoes and STEAK! Dghtr &amp;grdson will join us--last day w/them. Head 4Ohio 2morrow 
Looking forward to the hockey game tonight to bad I have to go to a BBQ and might miss it 
how many hours do I need to sleep before I feel awake? At a BBQ but I want to revise  It's an obession now lol xx
Just got home from a family BBQ and am now getting ready to go to work! 
Trivia actually didn't happen   So I had a tasty burger instead. Burger for the Burger.
In case your wondering what McCruelty is, it's PETA's name for McDonalds because they kill poor innocent animals 
Nightmare... I actually set the BBQ on fire this afternoon!  Could to with a new BBQ now ;)
There's no Cinnabon in the mall  #fb
O.k. so I love me some Popeye's but A) stomach ache B) Gas C) crying angry baby.  So, I'm thinking no more Popeye's.  
@NorahKnits Oh, sorry to hear that!!  Bread fail, playdate fail, knit fail. Jeezus.
Yummy! Lean Pocket Pizza is amazing! Got outta work late.    Pool tomorrow? Yes!
@BriBree LOLLLL MoMo is hilar! I wish my eyebrows were naturally perfect. 
@TeAsEtHiSGeMiNi ya I c u. Ihop sounds good 2 me. French toast haha. I don't want 2 go 2 the stinken meeting  Is it at 8 or 8:30
@indiesarah Apparently there are 2 Crackers.  I circled the block, didn't see a sign, checked Gmaps &amp; it gave me the address to the other.
Subway craving!!! 
I was not impressed with being forced to have Shreddies today, instead of Crunchy Nut 
tank turner is a Lollercaust! I want to eat at Cheesus Crust 
@Simon__R I can't even get 1 stelf fighter  let me guess you have a new BBQ?LOL
This isn't BBQ weather 
By tomorrow, we'll get a taste of those fresh doughnuts from Krispy Kreme. Pity they don't have a store in Davao City. 
@alithealien Am thinking about baking later on but need to go to Sports club so may delay til tomorrow. No BBQ for us - wind's to blame! 
Fast Food For Lunch! 
@Yummy411 awwww poor guy- yeah the allergy season is a royal pain in the arse.  So he didn't even get to go see wolverine? 
Morning. Feet have been destroyed by beautiful new shoes  Must tidy up aftermath of BBQ, do some revision, and go for run no. 2.
@sujatha21 You would be surprised at Delhi Compare - most of those who take breakfast from pantry take Maggi Noodles 
I think I got addicted to Chili Cheese Burgers 
Why is it when you plan to do a BBQ the weather changes! 
apparently im going to a BBQ in like 15 mins. i dont want to go, i'll be standing like a loner lemon all afternoon  todays been shit!
@Squeakynee ohhh BBQ wish I didn't have a meeting today. I'm going to miss JazzFest &amp; BBQ!! WOW! Who schedules a meeting on Sunday? SMH! 
 - I feel irresponsible and sort of horrible. Marshmallows, unless otherwise stated, have gelatin. fuck... http://tumblr.com/xl21pafgm
Just enjoyed French Toast for breakfast and now I'm at book store seeing if there's anything good. It's going up to 90 degrees today. 
Kitchen nearly done, just have the stove top to clean.  I'm pooped and missing a gorgeous day outside 
@sherrilynkenyon If you search it, it's there but I can't 'follow' Simi again.   I think we may need to get her some BBQ sauce...
Had Taco Bell for lunch on Saturday.  Food there made me a little sick in the evening.  Craving tacos, got bad ones.. 
@ResumeCandidate I was contemplating BBQ but it looks like rain.  So I'm thinking we'll make Mexican food instead.Or BBQ indoors.
wants a BBQ 
Getting some healthy nosh @ Panera Bread. They're out of sweet tea 
every place we tried to go to was closed  so we ended up getting (surprise surprise) some Pho, it was tasty but I had an MSG headache :\
@MisterNoodle Charcoal causes cancer   Meat-free is safer - hee hee.
At Chipotle with @scoolman and not @lbinopenguin 
Ih... Subway fechado 
Craving some Pinkberry 
The Home-Icecream man doesn't go down my street!! aaawww 
No parking at Pinkberry 
Pancakes made of fail  - http://mobypicture.com/?s6p43l
@Vegan_Cupcake we missed you too  enjoy the dogs &amp; cupcakes!
Why am I still up eating BBQ when I have to be to work before 8:30. I'm gonna cry in the morning 
Hey @deangeloredman I want a Baconator.   (deangeloredman live &gt; http://ustre.am/2NlC)
@chantoooy I want Krispy Kreme too  HI CHANTYY!
@Peace_P so i knocked on your door to see if you wanted to go to KFC with me but I guess you were sleeping  lol
My mom was appalled when I told her I ate Spam  it tasted really good...
@xoMusicLoverxo I didn't even notice that. Pasta building! 
Hoping the weather gets better today, dad said we can have a BBQ if it does 
FINALLY home, and about to sleep. It smells of Keiths Pizza lol. Fawwwk, work tomorrow. So depressing thinking about that place. 
Its a real shame that its not nice and sunny outside, it would of been nice to have another BBQ  NVM.... 
no BBQ today   but The Wright Stuff is making me forgot about the weather. i LOVE this show lol
@Smaulren Ricotta &amp; spinach Agnolotti? I always overcook that cos I get distracted by the TV, but I &lt;3 that pasta! Shame it tasted bad 
happy Bank holiday! BBQ tonight, should probably do some work today 
It's cold outside, not t-shirt or BBQ weather 
Because I am a Dairy Farmer! 
Next door is having a BBQ. Smells so goooood 
Going to a BBQ and the suns gone in 
Twello Foodie Tweets Spicy spicy spicy lunch  im not having much luck with food! http://tinyurl.com/d4bwjw
@kerrypooh The closest Whole Foods here is about 40 min away! 
...that is, unless you're @JamesJay (who's in my spare room), you'd just sleep right through the smells of fresh coffee and French Toast. 
@kruss73 We had a quiet one...rained most of the weekend.  Had a Steak Dinner last night, which was YUMMY !!! Going Away Supper 
Totally unfair that Dunkin' Donuts doesn't deliver. 
I have a newfound love for the following foods: Ice Tea, Dutch Gouda, Coffee Flavoured Napoleons, Spekulatius  and Waffles - not good 
One more freaking BBQ ticket!!  Agh.
Time to assemble my ALDI BBQ - so many screws - so much fewer than the manual says I should have 
Time to assemble my ALDI BBQ - so many screws - so much fewer than the manual says I should have  http://twitpic.com/4jke6
@billy3g then yet another thing we have in common. i &lt;3 them too. Live off of Jamba Juice. I need to get a job there. 
@mindlesspursuit I don't have a BBQ.   I want one, but it's at the bottom of the priority list unfortunately.
@elphabablue oh no! Hibachi is yum though!! U loving the car? I got that wedding next weekend looking for a dress didn't find on though 
Knox Tavern Breakfast Buffet ... =  5 thumbs down 
Chicken soup seems to cure everything...except AIDS. (via @AndyMilonakis) word 
@heidimontag Pizza. I been craving pizza all day and I got no money cos I paid for the deposit on the moving van. 
@ronilicious - SOUP is exactly what I'm in the mood for tonight. No Panera close to me though 
Steak and wine just isn't the same 
@steveofmaine  very sad, i love burgers
drove around all day. got hit on the head with a piece of metal for the roll cage. bought skeleton tights. didn't manage to stop by BBQ 
@HeidiCortez  I get that sometimes! Grilled cheese protein style w grilled onions..although the grilled cheese tastes much better w bread 
Waiting in line at Taco Bell. Hometown sucks, but esp for late night food 
Chipped my front tooth at dinner tonight on BBQ ribs. 
I think I am the only one here who is a mom? yeah so I can't get to that many shows!  I got both Cooks this month and thats a miracle!
I don't think Nestle makes Butterfinger Crisp anymore  That's bummin me out. This poser Reese's Crispy Crunchy Bar is unsatisfying.
@IamBubbles We don't have Dunkin's here. 
On a two hour freak from work, wishing i was getting Nonna's dinner tonight! 
On a two hour break from work, wishing i was getting Nonna's dinner tonight! 
My voice still hasn't came back yet.  Hungry. I'd kill for a cheeseburger from Burger King. Or something from Taco Bell.
I am regretting eating that Bacon Cheese Ciabatta Burger! (tummy hurts now)  
wondering why it always starts pouring with rain just after I light the BBQ 
Just got home from a BBQ, it was great until my car died on the way home 
Mmmm... Food from Glicks for dinner. Gefilte fish, Krautweigel, Latkes and the best boiled bagels in Melbourne. Wish they had Kreplach. 
Everybody is taunting me with Cheesecake! 
Those judges on the great British Menu are really so rude sometimes, just no need for it 
@tygerland Not really BBQ weather here at the mo 
Lunch was a delight after the false start of the roast lamb being uncooked due to the BBQ running out of gas 
OUCh i've just burnt my hand getting the Chicken out the oven flipping hell  xx
revising today- death of a salesman  oh well- BBQ later (y)
Bum! I wish there was KFC on the way to the pub 
happy mothers day!  BBQ with the fam today &amp; studying for my 1st final tomorrow   graduation is in 1 wk, scaryyyyy
Breakfast at 6ix Bistro. Possible boardwalk? Damn! I wish I was 21. I want to gamble 
@mattdavey2 infact, today is a nice day for a BBQ however i don't have the equipment nor anyone to attend  booooo
Healthy Recipes and Habits: Homemade Pizza http://bit.ly/2m9PNg (via @MrHealthyFood ) tasty looking, but another premade crust 
@tanaralandor Austini just left...  ... So ummm yeah about that Jambalaya!?
Mad because I want IHOP pancakes for breakfast and hubby is sleeping and told me to make my own here.. If I want them  missing the point!
Just had the Texican Whopper from BK and for 997 calories and 60 grams of fat it's really not that good 
Smoked chicken and red wine are a terrible mix  good wine though
The wine is flowing and the BBQ is lit but the sun has gone   not to worry the kebabs look amazing!
Wendy's Hamburgers!! Oh why did u close all ur UK outlets 
Fruit Salad, Chicken Pie, Mango Smoothie, Fries, Burger, Fries, Ice Cream, Chocolate Syrup, Whole Nuts And Water = HICKUPS!!! 
Fruit Salad, Chicken Pie, Mango Smoothie, Fries, Chicken Burger, Fries, Ice Cream, Chocolate Syrup, Whole Nuts And Water = HICKUPS!!! 
@vanessamae01 Zucchini is also my favorite squash. And no, I did not get the video 
@sdfrien what happened to Taco Bell??? 
so. i lost my phone. i think it's in the void of Subway. awesome. my tweets will decrease until i get my little purple guy back 
Oh man. That IHOP was DELICIOUS. Tastes even more delicious after a win, haha. Can't wait until Wednesday! Work tomorrow. 
Going to bed now, i have a long day of Applebee's tomorrow. 
@caldjr Thanks, see you tonight. Going to miss my Graze box today  I'll get it later.
is being freaked out by Frito... he sounds like he can't breathe 
Now I remember why I left GA: no Del Taco 
Cake is done. Ate cake scraps for dinner because i was too tired to cook.  pretty sad, i know 
Waffle house!  I was knocked out in the car!  To the airport in a couple hours.....  
I didn't eat King Taco. I want King Taco. 
is expecting a call from McDo.  i'm hungry!! (hungry) http://plurk.com/p/tpjk6
If I see the Subway $5 footlong commercial one mo' time!!! 
I want to eat Mangoes &amp; Pizza. I miss Pizza. 
@DavidArchie  it so frustating that i didn't have the chance to see you a while ago on Eat Bulaga... it's over crowded in there.
@violetbakes Our new office is so far away from the Krispy Kreme shop that's its a crime 
As much as I wish this isn't true, I miss you. You were my best friend and I want my best friend back. Sushi, flash games, guitar hero.. 
missing my italian chef 
@Krftd Yeah .. sorry it slipped my mind ... don't know any  except Blu Water Grill .. google that with hornsby
Taco Bell is supposed to open at ten o'clock! It's seven after! I'm hungry! 
Has learned that Shepherds Pie isn't really all that cool 
Kitchen is filled with carbo-licious treats and I can't enjoy any of it 
Headed to work  But so ready for some smothered burritos!
i need to stop eating to feel better: i do not find comfort in being fluffy. damn yoi avacado BLT's! 
@Beef513 i hate Gucci 
Greasy deep fried food not sitting so well with my stomach 
Celebrating taryns bday with the girls in boston! Delicious drinks &amp; dessert...I really do not need to be spending money 
@RIGS_TFGF it was sooo good I always always forget about it. I also like the place downtown and Taco del mar but they closed both stores 
@benzzz07 i had a fun size bag of popcorn last night  and still no Chili's...
@sibeliusop47 oh man Sizzler...  hopefully you don't learn your lesson tomorrow morning...
@BUTTERFLYWHEEL I'd be afraid they'd fall into my nostrils Butter!  LOL....j/k...that is how big my snozzle is!
Weenie Roast is over  best show of the yearrrr wooot !!
@NicholasPerkins  any sort of soup? Tomato? Potato? Or Macaroni and Cheese, of course.
Yummm I went to the cafe and had the best breakfast in the world this morning! I'm so sad it's gone now 
and to top it off, I'm out of Kellogg's Crunchy Nut. What a great start to the morning 
Off Egg Sandwich #3turnoffwords 
@waitingtohappen  If we get Domino's we have to collect it - my discount doesn't work with delivery 
gah, it's raining...a lot :/ BBQ? I think not 
i love Torres by Mayonnaise. a song that's so sad. 
Spam in my gmail account is slowly increasing. 
Oh no! Epic fail on Beef burgundy with horseradish dumplings.  They  were like little white turds in an otherwise respectable casserole 
Sliced my finger to bone waiting in a&amp;e for it to be glued. 2hrs down 2 to go 
i am bored and want burger king. its so bad that there isn't one in hull any more 
@jaffne Snap, had a birthday BBQ for a friend yesterday, there's beer cans, pavlova and custard everywhere! 
@FoodStories same here, don't think I get it from my mum though! Roast potato fail  What's wrong with potatoes just now?
Roast beef lunch - training going well 
I wish there was still Dunkin Donouts 
BBQ at my house for my sister being home but i have to work through most of it 
@kristen_taylor really?! I have the suite for today but my family opted for a BBQ instead. So it's empty an lonely 
Shitskabob...missed the McD's breakfast cutoff!! 
Going to get lunch at Taco Blleeegghh!! Mmm Baja Chicken Chalupa. 293 Calories FTW... 
Whole Foods doesn't have my muffins today!! 
Cinnabon.. Yumm.. Again with the cheap unhealthy foods 
@nernie I had a Fillet O' Fish 
About to head to McD's for 9 year old's birthday lunch, then off to work 
Why does Millions of Milkshakes be so far 
is waitin go in baccy road for a BBQ then jeffs off to iceland tomorrow 
I'm attempting to make dinner - it's a slow cooker thing. So far, it smells good. We'll see.  Cooking and I don't get along so well 
@Saz_xox ofcourse, i tried to phone in like 10 times but the lines were busy 
@TheRandomiser  now we have bad weather also. and we had a BBQ! 
How the fuck can you only have Homestyle or Buttermilk? I wanted Strawberry or at least Blueberry  I'll buy some later. :3
Eating with the family at Chili's  http://bit.ly/s6Atl Pretty bad service  http://twitpic.com/5djsf
Clearly influenced by the power of advertising, I am pulling up to McCafe for a mocha. I am sheep 
@otibml I don't eat much in the way of processed foods - Whole Foods ran out of amaranth - needed something to substitute  #gfree
had a late midnight dinner with ker.. Huge Ribs!! now i woke up feeling heavy 
Really.... Bad.... Sushi...... I hurt so bad..... I'll be spending the night in the restroom... Kill me now.... 
Dimsum today also very good, but sadly didn't get to have any chicken feet 
I'm having really crappy sleeping patterns again! Why, why why. T.T And I have a craving for Sausage Egg Mcmuffing but now it's 2PM. 
Man, I drank some iced coffee from McD's a couple hours ago, I'm wired and can't go to sleep 
Just saw a bus driver park their trolly bus outside a McDonald's, get out tget an ice cream, get back on and leave. Empty bus though 
Food run finally is taking place... Passing legends wishing it was open.... 
Fml sleeping at ice on Frostys play house with sweetshirts for pillows. Real un-hyped 
@shelzp ok i'm gonna try that today!!! so far Schnitzel hasn't worked to well 
@Bimbo_Butterkek when im given mneumonics, i only ever remember the mneumonic, never what it stands for 
@DHughesy I just care if they are free range or not. Turns out they def are not  turns me off KFC big time. tempted sometimes though
Lunch time ... Spaghetti Bolognese ... hmm .. my home made still much more better then DB Kantine one .. 
I am hungry but no one wants to eat.  @fari8 ngegeh dah suggest McD and buat orang terliur, sik jadi pulak mok makan McD.
Let it be known, as much as I love Dunkin Egg &amp; Cheese Croissant, it hasn't been the same since they switched from Heinz to Hunts ketchup 
wants Oreo Hot Fudge from McDonald's!  | is waiting for someone to join Twitter. :&gt; You know who you are! Haha!
cheesey crust pizza fresh out the oven. Pizza hut still hasn't figured online ordering 
Yawn! Baked beans on toast for dinner, long days at work call for desperate measures. I had yummy asparagus tagliatelle lined up too 
is getting fat  eating healthy, doing some irregular exercise is not working ....ah bugger it. KFC for dinner tomorrow.
@Garythetwit What did you have for lunch?  Soon I'll turn into a Samosa... 
I am dying for a Chicken Royale  yumyum, pity the nearest burger king is a bout half an hour away 
I am dying for a Chicken Royale  yumyum, pity the nearest burger king is about half an hour away 
8 hour shift at Pinkberry  sooooo long
@wastingpaper yeah  michelle sent me this lin years ago, about KFC, (i hate them,last tym i ate 1 i eas sick +o( on the finale of xfactor)
i ment burgers sorry 
Trying to recreate the Cafe Grill Cheese sans bacon (only because I do not have any with me  ) I will report if it is a sucess.
@metalross not as appetising as a burger though. 
Just ate a KFC... and playing football tonight..really bad idea 
Just ate a KFC... and playing football tonight..really bad idea 
@jwOU812 I heard your Italian Soup and Salad was awesome.  I had leftover barbecue chicken.  Not as good warmed up 
Thinking - rats - I forgot to get something out of the freezer for tea  Wonder if the boys will go for Cheese on toast with Baked Beans?
@Saymie_Cakes Mhm! I don't want you to be mad at me 
A 16 oz Jamba Juice is not a meal  I'm never going to lose weight if I'm always hungry!
Of course today I WANT to go to the market, but they're not open.   Roast chicken and I don't know what...
@Geekdom I wish I could cook Korean BBQ I'd be so on it in a heartbeat, doesn't look like they franchise either 
http://twitpic.com/5fffb - Marking  Coffee and Cake 
im sick of Subway. i just wanna go home and sleep! 
@imtrishaiam: don't put pictures of Pinkberry up...it depresses me.    Lol
So verdict on Prime Wok Noodle - its freakin' Noodler/Obi-san under a different name. And imo, sushi fail 
I didn't get McD's breakfast because I didn't answer my phone 
Lazy to cook dinner so i'm in drive thru line at KFC. I think everyone else had the same thought. 
Tip: don't leave a box of Krispy Kremes near your cat- if it's senile it may just get them confused for a litter box and wee on them. 
it's rainning again, so hungry  ,, now I've my instend Noodle again..
Still no #Graze box yet 
I was a Subway (sandwich) virgin until today. Should have kept my cherry 
@TravisVincent heya ! I hope you have a goodnight sleep. here the sun is slowely disappearing behind the clouds ----&gt; no BBQ tonight 
preparing BBQ and it starts to rain 
Yummy lunch now back to work, last day  don't want to leave and go back to reality, have loved it here x x x x
No cheese burger as the pub's closed for refurb  .... Nando's instead ...
The Hungry horse BBQ on a plate has beaten me  I am le full
is having a convo about the  MMMM foods she can pop over to U.S. to get as they are not available here   Keebler cookies anyone?
Chicken sandwich and strawberry yogurt for lunch. Yogurt was 1 of 5 a day. Skipped breakfast 
@toffeedesign Lobster makes me violently ill. It's not an ethical thing, its just a chemical thing 
Just realized that the free Iced Coffee at Timmies was yesterday! Shoot!! 
I've organized a BBQ 2morrow with me and all my besties.... and my dam mouth is too sore to eat any BBQ  Dis Sum Bull....
Dunkin Donuts, is this what my flatbread breakfast sandwich is SUPPOSED to look like? I think not  http://twitpic.com/5otig
@rainyrane You know I don't wanna do the big BBQ with all the trimings.  But I already commited myself. BBQ with the Fam   How bout U?
it makes me really sad that McDonalds doesn't build outside playgrounds any more.  I liked taking the kids at night and sitting outside 
@verybadcat13 I had a bagel.  Yogurt would have been better for me. Now I'm drinking tea with honey for my throat.  
Lobster just flew away... 
On the road again... and dreading the end of today - tonight's the last Bagel snuggle time for a long time 
@logochannel baby, I am working. for 11 days straight. no BBQs for me.  lol
HOME!!!! haha....had LOADS of fun...we went to Pizza Hut and I had the littlest pizza EVER haha...no Pics though!  xx
I'm soooo hungry!!! And all I see is McDonalds.   I guess I'll be having a Two Cheeseburger meal for lunch.
I wanted to make Mac 'n Cheese and Tuna Fish, but I don't have any milk. 
@FitMenu I took the &quot;other&quot; road today....but there was a Haagen Dazs 
is eating Reyes Barbeque.  Naturally, I want Coke to go with it.  But no.  Water it is. 
Sushi and green tea for breakfast finished off with cough syrup 
For some reason.. I'm really excited to eat Nandos tonight  but I have to play netball at 9 
had the worst Chicken parma for lunch today - very soggy 
damn... i only lost 7.72lbs in 4 weeks... such a shame... i need more effort and sacrifice... no more McDonalds on weekends... 
Burned his hand on the grill at McDonalds  I guess it will be harder to finger dick hungry girls tonight :/
Food + phone = sleep. I eat too much 
@Vriden Garlic bread sounds F-ing good. And your package will be there soon, sorry for the delay 
Hrm. A bit annoyed at my E71 - menu stopped appearing when I pressed the button so rebooted the phone.  Menu structure reset - mods lost 
I just ate a Ginsters sausage roll and 3 packets of fruit pastilles. I'm supposed to be eating healthily 
Just pathetically attempted a Sake bomb at Fat Fish 
@NctrnlBst Bar Tartine does some exotic infusions for some of their desserts. Wish I were there. 
I want samosas from RockSugar but I'm too lazy to drive. 
Nando's your xtra hot is far from xtra hot 
Chili was good but now im paying for it  .............24
To put my error straight the tango shoe store I visited is called Taconeando (Taco being heel) but I keep writing Talc.  #tangothursdays
@emmyrossum Miso has gluten in it because of the soy sauce they put in it. Soy sauce has wheat. I had to find that out the hard way 
missed iron chef 
@plantweb  Lettuce &amp; spinach does best in cool weather.. I live in florida..not much luck growing those.. 
Whataburger closing all locations but tally  so harsh, might have to transfer schools
Damn, got Chili Beans on my shirt  I hate that I can be a messy eater. Such a lady!
@ijoostin Not so good  I think that's my fault though - didn't use buttermilk. Recipe was on back of the flour.
@elwoodicious Crab boat? I have my mobile set to go off every night, to remind me to head to bed 
need some Pizza...can't get out of office 
I really fancy Baked Eggs, but I have no Spinach 
...aw i want classic burger. 
@JamesDReid i got coupons to Popeye's chicken but I'll probably end up getting a burrito at freshii - this salad joint. healthy 
super hungry... Dominos or martabak... both tempting and fattening 
I'm extremely hungry.... and the only thing I have in my house is Soup...  I don't like soup... *pouts*
@The_Vegetable me 2 
@EFCuttin so where r u spinning now that the Hookah is R.I.P.? 
Wasabi is recovering from surgery  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6121231
@KirstynSmith I spent 3 hours sitting out in the sun - picnic lunch + ice cream = win. We should have had a BBQ today  
Panera is not being nice to my iPhone 
BREAKING NEWS: The broiler at Burger King is down. There will be no burgers at Burger King at lunch!  At least Chicken Fries were there!
eating some breakfast at Panera Bread. boring cloudy weather, lil drizzle 
I never order chips any more due to how unhealthy they are, but getting a burrito from Chipotle or Qdoba doesn't feel right without em 
Why doesn't McDonald's make PINEAPPLE pies? 
@caltort i have tried the Teriyaki - no cookie tho!  we got (non winning) Pop-tarts with it.  All was great!
just got back from the BBQ, i got sunburn on my legs, well sore 
@Beadz2Pleaz I think that's what's wrong with me.  Stuffed up and when I breathe in it feels like a sore throat 
@xiannic, awe, me in work, no BBQ for moi this weekend 
Not enough pizza ordered, so I didn't get any. And it was Pizza Delight too! 
@motley_sis He got those cars before he lost his job.  He used to make good money. Now he works at McDonalds because nobody will hire him.
The first officially beautiful day of the year and I'm stuck inside the office    A Magners and BBQ will make up for it!
Not feeling well. Food poisoning.......  
A Banana and 2 cups of Coffee...Not a so Healthy Breakfast! 
Party, aber Subway alle   http://yfrog.com/0ayzyj
Pizza parties went well, but still invisible  I might as well be out with a bag over my head. Whatever!
@musecrossing it's not the 10.5% so much as the A)Sugar and B)Taste ... lord that'll put ya down, and not in the fun way 
Aaahhhh poor Chops the pig !!! 
Salad from krogers...  I was hungry.
Just found out my contact form was being dubbed Spam and wasn't forwarding properly. When checked, I had no legit contacts anyway. Double 
@amy_p hahaha I wanted to eat that Chicken 
@LostMyHeart Gourmet pizza = BLEH. Pizza is SUPPOSED to be greasy and filthy. You can't eat pizza that's been prepared by a chef. 
Just finished lunch...Subway Eat Fresh.......now gotta go back to work 
Bad week for connectivity...Arlington Panera wifi sucks. Maybe head to Legal Seafoods at airport. Dang...missing Metaverse U stream. 
met a cute girl at mighty taco.I'm ordering(no cheese, no sour cream, etc)&amp; she's like&quot;it's ok, I'm Vegan too!&quot;(insert hot wink)too young 
I got so much gray hair all of a sudden.  I just ordered me some Garnier Roasted Coffee from drugstore.com, well see how that goes.
I fat-fingered the Coke machine, so I am drinking a Diet Pepsi instead of a Diet Dr. Pepper.   I wish the machine used error correction!
I want a fake BLT.... 
saying goodbye to Papa.... 
@WordSpring @TimAyres EEW  Cheese. I hate cheese.
@AboutLittleRock Wow. @mhenslee is constantly ranting about his love for Genghis Grill too. Never been there; not here in Colorado. 
@LadyStar88 Lol...I am greedy. I'm craving Coldstone again.  
My grandpa just told me he feels useless. I said, &quot;Papa you're in your 80's, you just do what makes you happy&quot;, somehow I doubt it helped 
@TheSims2 aww BBQ? that's not fair  all i had was chocolate
Had Sbarro for dinner and Krispy Kreme for dessert. Mmmmm! But so not very healthy. 
My back is all kinds of messed up, and Strudel is going to live in another town until we move, I'm going to miss the little runt 
Ate huge set of Appetizers. full now 
its after 12 an man is texting me telling me that he wants to come over.i say i'm tired..lol..da punk says he'll bring me redbull and KFC 
Eatin dinna, herd tom brady not movin 2 fast 
@Edit4321 cont...and then it goes to waste  no one likes stale sweets. That reminds me of this cute song called Stale Cupcakes lol
Home from work .. opened my mail and found a a coupon for a big bucket of chicken. Cooked to order but no delivery 
@jasonbarton33 I just had &quot;5 Guys Burgers and Fries&quot; for lunch today. It is a little far from Leavenworth (where you'll be next week). 
Pizza time! I'm also thinking about going bigger than my current 00g, but I dunno. I don't remember what size comes next! 
at Tula for appetizer and drinks. No Shish Kabab tonight  It's ok, I had my Zeppolis earlier.  http://twitpic.com/685uo
@mtazs  I've had Canadian KFC and it tasted the same as the KFC i've had in other countries. maybe its just me haha
@honorsociety I keep getting the main menu 
Yummy boys in tight jeans.  life is so unfair.
No bonfire today. Wood is still too wet  having a BBQ tonight instead.
#myweakness Funny guys who look good and are smart  And Mexican Food!!!
Grrr. The Kogi Korean BBQ Taco Truck is in Santa Fe Springs. So close, yet so far.  I wanna try it already.
@aycstacy but I can't go today  I have to go swim and BBQ (nope, no Cherry Kool-Aid ;) and exploit what's left of our schizo weather
I just saw this menu for dressed and I want some rite now too bad their closed 
@BeastTheSkitzo i'm hungry  its KFC puke puke puke fail!!!!
@vipviolet So jealous. Applebees doesn't come close 
@jade_theresa  I bought it for that reason too, but the sauce is watery EEK! Bread is good.
Halfway of the Vernissage, my best friends and I went to McDonald's for supper and i ate nuggets....so yummy  then got sick 
I am so hyper these last 2 days. Thoughtstream highly active. Food intake dramatically reduced. Pacing around my house a lot 
@CGZee im sad i cant have a burger 
ck: The McDonald's chicken fajita was my absolute favorite thing back when they had it.  Also the Arch Deluxe was pretty awesome.
@VioletKanian Jamba Juice / Robeks are closed   .......if u really want one,  u can try Jack n da box's smoothies &gt;&lt;  prolly not as good..
Thanks for the update Rod, going to miss the BBQ Cookoff @ Ironstone in Murphys next week    such fun last year!
According to this article, the Taco Bell Lava Sauce is a measly 800 Scoville  http://tinyurl.com/mammzm
@r343l I actually like tofu pho.  Fried tofu is the best.
@degren Wow! Mouthwatering... but so far away 
@KimberlyCole1 Pizza! I think it's the tomato sauce. Acid. And i can't eat pepperoni much 
@hoybea You suckk.  I wanted Pepper Lunch yesterday but it was full.  ))))
need coffee.... need coffee..... no starbucks in maili, waianae....only 7eleven &amp; McD 
1st BBQ of the summer - which means cleaning the damn BBQ first 
had dinner at The Grouchy Chef since he's going away for good on Monday, sad. Bye-bye Sirloin Skewers and Chocolate Mousse Torte 
@LUCKYCARMEN That's nothing! I guess you're permanently hungry? Sounds a bit rubbish to me  Have a burger! lol!! BBQ weather here today!
@EstherSausages We're having a BBQ here too! Difficult to revise in nice weather 
#myweakness is  the Dominos cheeseburst pizza....shit I want it now! 
Spicy food always punishes you the next day 
hangover and hot sun, only possible solution is BBQ and more drinks. need to drag myself into bristol first to get iphone cover tho 
@italianseeker My grandmother was Sicilian &amp; used to make Pasta with Eel, so your cod wouldn't surprise me. You made fun of my sushi tho 
Looks like my BBQ is going to be inside  Supposed to clear up in the afternoon. I can only hope.
@hawkins_boi I want a BBQ 
sun, laptop, music, garden, magazine = Bliss and and BBQ later mmm back to work monday tho 
I miss Backyard Burgers 
Subway seats were obviously not made with bony people sitting for long in mind  Ouch!
I can smell BBQ + I'm inside working = not fair 
Peppercorn  is stressed out because the neighbor dogs got a fence.  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/840145
All you can eat Fried Shrimp was NOT a good idea for dinner. 
got the BBQ shopping done, ...finished email argument   Now off into the garden to reclaim the pond and chill-out....
Up early...going to get a McCafe...tired...real shitty night last night  back to work today...keep $$ on my mind and I'll be cool
Restaurant did charge extra to exchange shrimp shumai for veg dumplings   Not sure why they want to  put fish in vegetable bento box...
Still working on a bid  ...BBQ and beer later though!
Just tried to watch mcfly on the jlc show but iPodbeing stoopid. Poo  Avin a BBQ ! Yum
has another long cycle today, and no BBQ in site 
On the way to book club to discuss &quot;The Shack&quot;...not the most sterling literary effort I've perused this summer 
is off to photo shoot... then crammin tunes... then praying I do ok at Mickie Finz 2nite..   not so confident... 
@Aznchica2002 Yum! I miss Coffee Bean!! AZ doesn't have it 
Bagel day isn't the same without cranky john.  
@azraeel Aww - wish we had a BBQ 
Cloudy day  Ohhh well. Eating a Bagel 
going to Sonic later...I need to start Pastor Killians paper 
@kaay i did but we only bought things to have a BBQ last night 
Yummy Mexican breakfast...good but unhealthy 
Sunburnt..... mowing lawn and then sitting with a beer and a book was maybe a bad idea  BBQ later - bring ON the steak! 
is feeling a little down right now and I dont know why  hope the family BBQ helps lift my mood 
Finally found Oreo fun sticks at my grocery store!!! Ut-oh. 
Cider -  good. Sun - good. BBQ - don't have one , damn it! 
The first 2 cherry tomatoes from the garden consumed wrapped with the first leaves of basil. Yummy!! But there were only 2 ready so far 
@Audrinaaa jealousy is a bad thing. but i'm jealous. i'd love to have BBQ here  i'm lonely.
Food done. Tasted bad 
I never got how a pizza with pineapple and ham is &quot;hawaiian&quot;, topped with Spam or Kalua pig would be more Hawaiian i think, gross though 
@greenday86 I'm gonna miss you Papa 
No BBQ this week  Even better weather than last week which is odd. In theory we should have it going!
45 minute lunches started today  going to McDonalds.
@thejoeman86 nevemind, Fez said they don't do that anymore. But you used to get discount at Souplantation with you AAA card. 
Wishing someone would drive me to Taco Deli for lunch... 
You know what would be really good as a mid-morning snack right now?  FRIED PIE!  I have a feeling the Taco Bell Empanada would not do.
Breakfast at Denny's was most delicious - stuck in the time warp that is Oakville Certigard 
Pizza at Wick's, reading some of The 5000 Year Leap, and then..... work 
Pork chop and a Hagen-Dazs ice cream bar, Amy's Indian frozen vegetarian lunch not satisfying enough  
I know why I usually never buy sweets. Food coma     So yeah, that's pretty much the plan for tonight. The... http://tinyurl.com/n7ncul
 eff that bitch at Dunkin Donuts
Just realised I havent updated this for a while..doesnt help with me livin such a borin life  yeah...erm..im gona get fat and eat some KFC
BBQ and goodbyes 
@gemgem76 thanks.  read your post today.    I should have you guys over for a BBQ but my house is torn up. it's a mess here too.
BBQ time.unfortunately it's south of the river in brixton 
Just hurt my ankle running to the toaster oven so i could get my Pizza....now it hurts. 
Sigh.Time to get up n get ready for AgEz B-Day BarBQ...I'm cooking of course,LOL,Ribs,Fried Chicken,twice baked potatos...im tired though 
wishing I was w/ S @ his company BBQ 
I want some IHOP... Badly. 
urgh i dont see the reason why we ant have a BBQ tomorow  urgh this family sometimes
I have 5 dollar off coupons 4 Joes Crab Shack but noone 2 go w/ cause the girls from work are vegitarian/hate sea food. They expire 31st! 
@SkateMorePools cuz I'm stuck at work missen out on a good time..  my man is going to p.rods BBQ shindig &amp; I wanted to go..
@moijojojo No, honey mustard makes me sick, but the hot mustard was so damn good - McD's up here doesn't have it anymore!! 
Note to self -don't eat Fiber One Toaster Pastries for breakfast while at work 
(@gloomcookie0898) Note to self -don't eat Fiber One Toaster Pastries for breakfast while at work 
@NathanFillion What if it's loud by no fault of your own?  A pothole ruined mine in a Subway parking lot.  
At Seasons Grill wit shay......besides shoppin I loveeee dining out.....gonna miss my shay 
@CharPrincessa Bennigans went out of business  was a fav plc too
Chicken tenders and mashed potatos at ikea dont compare to f2o 
I'm hungry as hell... Noodles? I guess so 
Upset that my KFC grilled chicken meal contained the smallest portions on earth. I think I would have been better off with a kids meal. 
Sushi I want!!!!!!!!! 
Night@The Museum was cute,now off 2 Nicks Tomatoe Pie 4sum Italian food! Yummy carbs are bad for my diet 
Headed to a beach BBQ in jeans and a long sleeved shirt....the sun never came out today  I hate this weather.
@RoyalPurp  how is everyone getting to the BBQ??
Off work and on the way 2 dinner @ Saltgrass w/ the parents...I always miss them so much whn they leave me in the H and go on nice vacas 
off to KFC in half an hour 
Just want to rest.  Eating then going to wal mart for the third time today.
Just walked into one of my restaurants: so dissapointed. 
Saw a bottle of Jack in the corner of my eye. But it was just BBQ sauce  but I guess my mom doesn't really drink though.
Food only smelled yummy, 
Free Chips &amp; Queso at Chili's = boo boo belly 
The Subway stole my hairclip.  http://twitpic.com/6ardg
Reeeeally wish I was at the 303 in the 212 BBQ with @AllGrownsUp @denverdan4life @spencertron @grahamnation303 and all the homies!! 
how can something like McDonalds be so good but yet so bad for you 
McD's sweet tea is more sweet than tea 
pissed that I'm not in BK at that BBQ 
Mauri wanted Chicken Parmigian so i was out voted... to the kitchen i go  I was promised burgers on the grill tomorrow.
Fatty Crab is a big thumbs down 
mmmm rain smell.... thunder.... but no BBQ 
@ a BBQ, gettin my eat on! 
I love Taco bell  this del Taco just can't make me cum like the bell
Fun evening! Burger &amp; cupcake @ Burger &amp; Cupcakes, followed by a harbor cruise. Too bad I start working on Monday. 
I'm HOME ALONE..  Sunset Graduation was fun, then we hitted up Bistro B. and i for my got my Thai Tapioca Tea 
http://twitpic.com/6b8bw - Giants may be losing  ..but the Garlic Fries sure R winning!
@zachflauaus Crabby, crabby, crabby. 
here at the house having a BBQ with some family! I guess I'm not going to Sober Grad tonite! 
Not my style of Korean BBQ.    http://yfrog.com/3oy5oj
Veggie Store...Bagel place for dinner...not much left of the weekend 
Ugh, Jimmy Buffet. 
Just had some good dinner with friends. Homemade Pizookie - yum. Tennis in the morn, and then back to paper writing tomorrow 
Yogurtland time with the hutch and the V I C. Holla. ...I want coldstone instead 
No burger tonight...  Pasta instead
Holy Burritos! I don't want to go to church..  I want to sit at home and... get fat. lol.
@zape78 so does McDonalds. 
Take Lunch @ Sizzler Children like but I boring 
@French_Roast  give austin a farewell hug for me
I meant to say Ippudo Ramen is calling my name 
is off to Newcastle today and then a BBQ later - almost wish the weekend would never end 
Serious heavy rain, thunder, lightening  hope power doesn't go off.Eating brioche smothered in chocolate + mug hot chocolate to lift mood!
 not even Truck and Fish is making me happy right now...............
@Saz_xox :'] nothing much, i'm really bored  did you see bgt last night? x
just got up boiling out again and going for another BBQ today :L not the cinema though  getting withdrawel symptons by not watching natm2.
trying to organise a BBQ but no-one wants to come 
What I would do to have a garden so I could have a BBQ and get a nice tan!!! 
having Lasagna 4 lunch.. i'm afraid not being able to work 
IT'S dificult because i don't know how the restaurant looks like... 
BBQ today woohoo .... wish i wasn't hungover 
A picnic and a BBQ today! Gym all next week 
i went to Krispy Kreme today! wasnt all that great... 
working   but happy that McCafe has come to Po-town at last!
Looks like rain on the 6th  no 40th BBQ 4 me ... have to go to plan B... but is there a plan B?
Going to have a BBQ in a min hmmmm i want kebab but i hurt my back on the trampoline 
Getting ready for a BBQ, we have got steaks, burgers and everything else! then back to revising  
 is having spag bowl.. was going to have a BBQ but tesco had no rolls at all 
need Chipotle 
Watching The Soup and getting ready to take wifey to the airport. 
sitting in the sunshine revising maths .... planning not to get any more burnt  ... but havin a BBQ 
whats with greenfly like realy???      am still on the Math thing good vibesss. i wish we owned a BBQ 
Getting sorta hungry... Probably going to stop at Taco Bell. Problem is, the closest one is half an hour away 
McD to the rescue.. Bubbye seafood hikss 
McD to the rescue!! Bubbye seafood hiksss 
i fancy a BBQ and i fancy having something to do 
Baked in the sun all day....now when I got in the bath...ouch it hurts 
Lounging in garden with Pimms and more BBQ. Eyes streaming with hayfever 
Is xatching the ending to Sunset Grill on the rocket. Damnit 
just woke up..definitely a little burnt  ugh. Eating then back on the beach until the seniors get here.
thinks someone must have punched her last night. Ribs are well sore 
Breaks and lunches suck here.  I miss my old Subway and break room 
@SkylarkDawn I broke down and just ate an early lunch   Veggie Burger and Salt and Pepper chips .. I'm weak
@everhostile you ordered Pizza without calling me? you jettisoned me this time also 
@Fearnecotton all these people having BBQ's I'm so jealous, I'm stuck inside doing college work 
Really wants Popeyes chicken... Why did you shut down here why??! 
BBQ was nice but I'm now feeling burnt, puffy and have sumcream in my eye 
I feel so sick today. It might be from that BBQ but I hardly ate anything and felt way sick before that! I hope I'm not getting something 
Night out with friends=fun!!!  Food poisoning=not so fun 
It should really be family BBQ. 
@EvoOba noooo chinese foot  it was closed.but he bought Kebab ...
I wish my folks would hurry up and start the BBQ. I am so in need of a NOM. Only had breakfast 
Taco bell for lunch. I am sad because I forgot to order cinnamon twists. I always have cinnamon twists. 
I just want some Spicy Nacho Doritos.  Watch the 7-11 don't got em.
the problem with opening the back door when the weather's this nice is that the house now smells of other people's BBQs  hungry now!
mmmm goin to the rents... (parents) for a BBQ... awww, but its gunna be sad not havin little tessie mitherin for sausages.. 
it seems everyone out there is BBQing... we dont  we have no garden and are not allowed to BBQ on our balcony. i envy all of you
Just dropped four of my freshly-bought bagels on the floor.     Bagel bummer.
I wish Wasabi delivered 
@flipperville I know.  Bless her. I hope you enjoy your BBQ!! x
@Toast472 I'm sorry... 
@tikifreak19 I thought you got a job at Coldstone 
having a BBQ at my house with a bunch of boring ppl  save me.
Just got back from grocery shopping...stopped at Panera for lunch and was depressed that they weren't serving baked potato soup 2day 
I wish I was in Austin. Chicken Shit Bingo tonight. 
Tiredness, headache and suburn - the result of a BBQ in the sun. So preoccupied with protecting my arms that I forgot about my face! 
Barbecue later. Bummed about my car.. still. 
Why is everyone having a BBQ apart from me??  not fair.
is enjoying the smells of other peoples BBQ's 
I need 2 hit the gym smh seen this stick figure of a girl at the BBQ last nite. Looked at her with envy in my eyes 
Keep having nightmares/weird dreams. So much to do 2day. Won't be able to make it to Wade's BBQ either &amp; have to wake up @5 2moro morning 
Just said bye to some friends after they came round for a BBQ!! And is sad coz i have 2 go back to school 2moz! 
after almost over-stuffing myself at McDonalds... wondering where have 2 burgers, 1 med. ice tea and medium french fries vanished 
I wanted to BBQ tonight, but I can't taste anything due to this cold... so no BBQ for me! My favorite food too! 
@lazygiraffe I wish I had Icecream in my imaginary freezer...oh wait! I do...but unfortunately it is imaginary icecream 
@giraffeluv3 I can't believe you won't eat at Maggiano's any more. sososo sad  guess we'll have to try lots of new places this summer tho!
@darthchilli damn you. Lolz I want BBQ too  but I'm stuck at sfu studying haha.
@ClaireRidgway I want a BBQ 
Loved spending the entire day in the sun and BBQ for tea; the painful sunburn on my legs, not so much 
Cooked up a BBQ feast. Have been sunning myself, but don't have too much to show for it. 
@ultraleetj 2 bad   Theatre and Music is to life ... what Sofrito and Adobo is to Latino Cuisine
@heroinex Aw.  That's so lame that you have to wait another two months. It comes out Tuesday here. Hahah, yeah IKR? Pizza Hut &gt; Dominos
@youisfunny You are so right. I want Salad King right now! 
good BBQ food, good evening. bye Leanne 
Kitchen..check, dining room...check, guest bathroom...check!! I'm on a roll...hopefully I can keep it up. 5 more rooms to go 
Manny's Pizza on fair oaks closed!!! 
Sushi lunch!! I hate how everything is closed on Sundays in midtown 
Eating some &quot;American Gelato&quot; up in Canton...more like sickily sweet frozen yogurt than Gelato   Meh said the cat
I just saw a McDonalds commercial that told me &quot;You so want [a big mac]&quot;... they're right, I do. 
What a nice day out! And while my whole family is having a big BBQ at home, I'm stuck at work 
Chipotle baby  I miss my friends 
has a tummy ache. I hope to flip it's not food poisoning from the BBQ earlier! 
Ribs were way greasy and pretty disappointing altogether.  http://myloc.me/2e5z
burned my finger on the BBQ grill 
Man, I just had a BBQ Pork Sandwich w/ slaw on it and Fresh Cut Fries. Man Im feeling right! Do I have to go back to work?  I need a nap!
TIMEOUT. was that jus those two black twins from &quot;ATL&quot; in a KFC commercial nahhh no! ::rubs eyes:: 
pigskin just messed up my delivery order...twice  I give up!  Roast beef is not the same as turkey peeps....
Garlic Triscuits. And they were so tasty. 
Food poisoning blowssss 
I just ate Barbeque Wings  - I really should be a vegetarian butttt I like chicken and fish 
Chicken will be back to work in the am 
So full of sushi. No red bean ice cream though  got Ralphs Italian Ice instead.
I want to blame last night's pukage on the Egg McMuffin, but likely just my low AZN tolerance. Sullied K &amp; J's cactus garden forever. 
Yummy outside lunch at Alcove Cafe w/ J. Feel like a horrible mama b/c the bay hurt her fingernail from the new bike basket 
My episode of Chopped is on the Food Network again right now.  Everytime it's on I hate canned peaches more and more 
@madlyv Toast w' spearmint tea2family! I'm at work tkg care quiet homeless that his fam kicked him out cuz hes deaf &amp; mentally challenged 
@thedirtyeagle I'm sorry, if it makes you feel better I missed out on Davanni's too  I had gingered beef... :/
I hope Beef is just joking about the swine flu 
i didn't think i'd be this sad over slightly melted Pocky 
feels a bit ill  either sun stroke or I ate something dodgy from the BBQ yesterday :s
Is back at work today on such a sunny day  Hungover from BBQ last night, Way to many shots...
Moving in the morning yet I'm still awake. Smoked hooka for the first time today. Pretty cool. @klb028 should've been here. 
Parkson's Secret Recipe is a big fat bitch !!! The service is beyond slow. I didn't even get my food  at McDonalds now.
@poorstevie I suspect guerilla marketing by Subway, because I went and had dinner there while I was waiting. 
Fcuking hell, I want some of those Lola's Kitchen cupcakes, so bad, i swear to god. I hope they'll have a store here in the Phils.  AHH!
Homemade mayonnaise can approach 85% fat before the emulsion breaks down; commercial mayonnaises are more typically 70-80% fat.    
@libbyoliver i wanted a big party but couldnt afford it   we had an awesome BBQ instead haha!
Food poisoned by red robin 
@Aysun29 yes BBQ was fun &amp; no food poisoning so a bonus lol but realised we missed strawberry fayer in Cambridge  first time!
I wish everybody who's attending MoMo 11 a great time! It's a shame I didn't rsvp'ed fast enough 
@smosh For a second there i thought you said Burrito was making a movie  How dissapointing
drinking a McDonalds coffee and not understanding why someone would hurt me for no apparent reason. 
A good gym session after a weekend of BBQ's, beer and cake, much rather be outside on the bike though, but a crust must be earned 
hsd kitkat run around for a bit b/c at the BBQ yesterday everyone commented on her being fat 
Lunchtime. i guess its Cake 
@SirMikeyB Eugh, I hate healthy eating! I want KFC 
Realised I left my phone after setting the alarm at Subway, normally I leave it to pick up the next day but it was my PHONE, mannn 
KFC for lunch ...when will I learn? 
@innaaaaa Gusto ko din ng chocolate and ice cream  Depressed again
just realized I have a BBQ to attend and will miss the pbp 
Two minutes to my break yaaay, but alas... no Toast.. 
@loupepper I know; gutted about KFC 
Snack:  royal gala apple...was too tired to pack lunch 
doesn't know what he's gonna have for lunch  Pizza ? Pasta ? Chicken ? Meat ?
had a nice BBQ with all my friends!! @kaynash_ miss u girl 
Note to self: stay away from Benihana....very bad stomach ache  I think they make their food with poison..but yet, its so good
next door is having a BBQ  also away to study historyyyy! http://tinyurl.com/nj47sr
BBQ tonight! yay! drinking Pimms! yay! - can anyone actually see my picture? it's a red cross over here 
my camera died just in time for the Hukilau and a 2 wk road trip. 
Donuts were a bad choice. 
going to try this for a week: http://www.soscuisine.com/?sos_l=en Meal plans to cook for one!!!... 
@davybbz me too! minus the BBQ sadly 
Everyone's having Chipotle for lunch but me 
@Jchawes ooh, I love Chipotle...wish there was one around here.. 
My mouse is all Pizza-y 
Subway for lunch. Then i have to sit through one more class. Dance rehearsal after that till 5:30ish. 
@Xenobula Pizza or not you really need to stop doing that before you really get in trouble. 
My Safeway zuccini tastes like dirt. What's with their veggies tasting like dirt? Too lazy to go to Giant. Whole Foods also too far. 
@st3ff1 It's the fact that you got people to 'hang with' and 'places to go' like Vapiano. I don't. 
is at ruby tuesdays. Eatin mini burgers. Wishing i was going to myrtle beach 
Food lion doesn't have chocolate pretzels for real 
Panera is slow today + going home super early = wallet is going to be light!  
I'm Craving Nachos  http://tumblr.com/xsq1xav0e
Food! Food! Food! I want some 
@SkinnyMonkie  Yum! Jams! Eat a little extra for me  Sniffle!
says not everything is bigger in the U.S. The Caramel Sundae I had in McDo is the same size sa Pinas!  http://plurk.com/p/xq1eg
@ctrleverything damn you! Now I'm missing Thai Chili lunch time soup 
@ChrisWUHU Soo ready for BBQ tonight....ive only had a PB&amp;J sandwich today  ooh and some fruit
@citycynic I really don't enjoy Subway series games 
hitting oklahoma joe's for KC BBQ at its best. er, couple things wrong w/ this picture: 1) KC BBQ place named Okla. 2) dining alone. wahh 
Chicken, Pork, Beaf, Ground Turkey. Wife is allergic to fish, so sad 
@SuperwomanAK Whipped sugar and gelatin...They aren't Kosher  mmmm s'mores.
@jen14221 ahhh WaWa! I miss WaWa. I could go for some Diet Lemonade Tea right now... 
@Chad_Lad NICE about BBQ!!!! i am starved today 
thanks Trevor now I want Pizza Hut ! 
No more orange drink at Mcdonalds  http://tinyurl.com/l2m3hb
@chef69 no i do not, only english 
@Battleborne it's raining to hard in Tahoe to BBQ today.  I'm glad you get to BBQ.
On tha way 2 tha crib . Looks like I'm not gonna satisfy my Steak n Shake craving  fuck !!
sunbuuurrrnnnnnn. owww.  Chinese Buffet was disappointing, but I still ate so much I'm struggling to move...
Hooters with Adrian. I still can't believe he's leaving. 
I've eated Chipotle, so happy about that, theres not a single one in my city,there is only one in canada! 
BBQ chicken baked potato and corn on the cobb yummy....too bad ive no one to cook for  but imma enjoy it!
Ugh, they changed the Quiznos commercials. I loved those (&quot;put it in me,&quot; &quot;say it sexier,&quot; etc.)! 
For those near the Wellington foreshore, Cafe e Gelato going out of business sale  Last day 2day - half price gelato and coffee apparently
@KirrillyW oh i want some... why is there no Krispy Kreme near me 
Sushi and alcohol don't mix!!! I feel like I'm dying 
Applebee's Sangria made my tummy hurt. 
For those near the Wellington foreshore, Cafe e Gelato going out of business sale  Last day 2day - half price gelato and coffee apparently
craving Carmines (theee best italian restaurant in brooklyn) 
@NathanFillion Coldstone *weep. I have such a sad memory of staring longingly through their window as the doors were cruelly locked 
@NathanFillion i &lt;3 Coldstone. so good. mmmmmmmmmm gee, thanx for making me crave it while i already am behind in my packing! 
I want some Pulcinella Pizza!  They need to deliver!
just had lunch. Salad na talbos at okra. Why am I nomming cow fodder, why......  http://plurk.com/p/xs3ty
and growling again  I'm waiting for the time to strike 2,then I will  head for lunch with freinds at Subway.Hurry time,start ticking!
@TrojanMayhem Ham was the name of my pet cow. 
Food was amazing...but did we really use an emoticon earlier? 
I ordered 3 pizzas for $5 each from Pizza Hut, then used coupon code IH for $5 off. What a deal! Now I have to eat 3 pizzas...  
@Erock808 Cheeseburger mac  That was at like 2ish, havent eaten since...
Recipe for havoc: use some magic numbers, &quot;add&quot; some arithmetic, make inconsistent/incomplete changes to the code base ==&gt; done 
so want the Toasted Marshalls!!!   http://tinyurl.com/nbxgyp
@Superbad24 LOL. Cheese colred? 
@Peppery personal hate: when i hate other people, because i know it means i'm keeping hate some part of myself 
@skvibemakers Cornflakes are boring. Crunchy Nut however, are deeeeelishious. I'm hungry now 
@praxxis  now I really want Cheesecake. 
@TravisKaimi Eaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat LOL I heard you guys got a Taco Bell out there  I want gorditas yumyum
Fusty red grapes in my Graze box today, not happy 
Everyone pray for the people on flight 447 and their families.... (Nonni, we always fly that airline) So scary 
@shuyeeA i don't have Haagen Dazs here.mom said too expensive.sheesh  .i love ice cream.esp the one with brownies.Vienetta i think.haha 
Food poisoning or flu, either way miserable. 
@fafs hey how was Wex? Parental BBQ was grand, shouldnt have worried, how much does it suck to be in workies 
Stuffed my face and my new phone case has still not arrived 
@AndyGoulding Sushi... Yummy... Tesco's sushi is now to expensive... 
Honey Chicken Rice was good! But i think i need to poop now. Preparing for another long night. 
@Tuna yes they do take a long time to write. I've written my fair share. Not fun 
Recovering from Chicken Pox!  
@mikos I loved my first Graze Box but the 2nd included Wasabi Peanut Crackers (http://tinyurl.com/nhrx8y) &amp; they were disgusting! 
@GSemillano oh no. not Subway too!!  and since i'm ordering i can't really see how the salad until they deliver. i'll keep u posted 
no guac for tea, I went with KFC instead 
Eating 'spicy Cajun chicken' sandwich. Apparently 'spicy cajun chicken' = 'chicken with pepper' 
Lunch Update: Cheese &amp; Ham roll, chilli flavour Doritos and a melted caramel &amp; chocolate Rice Krispy square. Water only for thirst quench 
Anyone I know want to join me for dinner tonight. I'm dying for some Ramen, and no-one feels like joining me at the restaurant. 
I want a BBQ - why will no one have one for me?!?!?!  
is craving for Tempura Crackers right now!   They taste really good. =P~
I put too much water in my super noodles  Not impressed. More like Souper Noodles now
Studying for History exam tomorrow, sucks big time  but only 12 days til my birthday. BBQ on the beach anyone?? 
@Butter95 yesss  please say you came to free me from this misery
I got Mugged 2dayy by a seagul  It stole my Chicken Bake :p SCARY EXPERIANCE!!!
Food, run, revision, revision, revision, revision, revision but in what order??? 
@LotusYoga @smartie999 Really, ladies? I might freeze  Mind you, I have made salmon kebabs - could take disposable BBQ &amp; eat on beach
Food fight attempt failed. 
@BowDown2Fluffy      Soybeans?  Food poisoning?  The company???
McDonald's again for lunch... Yippee 
@mhuhta My Dunkin' iced latte is feeling inferior and embarrassed 
My favourite Kebab place is out of Sish 
I miss Panera Bread's Mac n' Cheese 
I'm soooo hungry. Cooking rice-a-roni but it's taking a looong time.  This is why you shouldn't wait until your starving to start cooking.
i'm full of Cheese and my face is Clold.... 
I wish Panera Bread delivered 
BBQ place closed tonight so having to settle for something else, 
Wishing I could get a smoothie from Jamba Juice 
I really miss working at Grub's.... the money spoiled me 
i want a burger now 
The tooth/rock/bone from my jr bacon at Wendys!! Grosss!!  http://mypict.me/2qt8
@Coribooboo sadly no - I didn't get to sample any of the grilling. 
Made some dinner! Shrimp Pasta! Has too much lemon though 
@sillyspike Dairy, u never know what its going 2 do 
Turns out I should stick to recipes 
@_Chickie i am showering &amp; going to bed, cant handle life! my ice cream  he ate it  i want my chunky monkey ice cream and he ate it 
I'm sad I sent some feedback to Taco Bell and they never got back to me. 
@harsha5500 I was really looking forward to it. But many reviews on Rotten Tomatoes don't rate it very highly 
i hate being a chef 
@p0pseoul  i loved antique bakery, too.
Awwwh man! Baked two cakes, fire alarm went off, I walk out, tons of smoke. I open oven... my cakes are dead and gone, dead and gone  haha
*sidebar* Gelato on the Food Network.  I miss Ugo to Go.  Dolce Vita gelato was THE best.  
Realized 2-night that we were all glutened. I just had the most obvious symptoms. Second time from our local Outback Steakhouse.  Fail.
fed up of bread after a Subway lunch y'day and a CCD sandwich today  ...definitely getting home food to work tomorrow
is off to school for teh first time this afternoon post Noodle 
@starsparkle Aw charming, my 'Rents have just announced they're coming to visit this weekend! Can I get a BBQ doggy bag  Gurr!
Twello Foodie Tweets @ddelarama I still can't eat!  Gaahhh, I keep dreaming of FOOD. Haha! http://tinyurl.com/p8xau3
Dulling down today  BBQ still going ahead tho so long as there's no rain!
@REAL_Ali_G been in the Ghurka Oven, The North Star, KFC...all the Westside joints, looking to bump into you...but in vain 
Hot chocolate and donuts at Krispy Kreme! I'm staring at the air conditioner, hoping it shuts off. I'm freezing! 
Wisdom 4U:Sushi with Ikea Chocolate chaser binge NOT recommended.Seemed right in the moment 
KFC is calling 
off for a BBQ... the sun knew my plans and has decided to hide... 
Eatin breakfast.... I was a good girl. REALLY wanted that sausage and egg sandwich.. settled for an apple and nonfat yogurt.. 
Chicken fried rice for lunch never again 
I'm craving a McDonald's McCafe hot mocha but I won't get one til tomorrow 
Everytime I eat Taco Bell, I wake up so sick  guess I should stop huh? Lol
Feeling sick after lunch.  Tuna is clearly not agreeing with me any more.
IHOP before work, now I got the itis &amp; don't wanna work. 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. Crabby today 
@Potbelly I miss Vitners Chips.  
@Hooters_Rest I hate Wednesdays when I am nowhere near a Hooters.  Nearest one is at least 75 miles away 
oh man!  I have to work a BBQ tomorrow 
@Hammerette_ LOL .. I will have to leave the Pis and Mash experience to you for the next 12 days   Sushi was fab though x
Pancakes are bad  i feel so sick!
@Nic06 And heck ya lots of get togethers. I'll go nuts at home all by myself....I'm sad I cant make it to the BBQ tonight 
Why is it no one makes gluten free noodles?  Spaghetti yes but never noodles. 
Its all over. Chicken little has graduated! Awww. @theredcliche 50 percent cheese? Weird. Bacon? 
Trying 7-11 iced coffee.  tastes like choc milk, little coffee taste. McD need not worry. Does have a bit of caffeine kick.
Walking to Subway for lunch was a form of torture -- a tiny taste of sunshine before having to go back into a windowless building... 
i just asked david, james &amp; tom...'can you BBQ fries' &amp;&amp;&amp; they laughed at me  LOL
there was no BBQ today  weather wasnt good sad now!!
.@joesfarmgrill I loved your BBQ Chicken Sandwich, but I'm sad that you don't recycle anymore 
@hungryrap Jam brought Kettle Chips! Lightly salted, but I think I like the salt and pepper better. The Butterfinger's melted. 
@t2therell 2 tacos. Chicken breast bites and a oreomilkshake omg &gt;&gt;&gt; I wish they has a jack n the box in atl 
I've been off the Krispy Kremes for over a year, but today I might just have a relapse  LoL
Chinese Food alone it is 
Free Krispy Kreme because of National Donut Day today???  TOO bad I'm on a diet!!! 
Sliced my finger really bad todayy 
@crazeegeekchick Krispy Kreme left Toledo several years ago.  
Just Krispy Kreme?  Doh!  They all moved out of the area.   Donuts that you pay for are so much less tasty than the free ones.
!FREE! Doughnuts today... Krispy Kreme is the Best unfortunely Dunkin Doughnuts is closer  
wishing we had a Krispy Kreme in my town. 
Looks like the weather is too mis for a BBQ 
Baja Fresh doesn't give out chips with their burritos anymore?  Why not?  I feel strangely unfulfilled.  
So much for the BBQ at work...it's down, so it has now turned into a pizza party, 
This is depressing. I had my leftover Siam Cuisine today; it was so delicious I wanted more, but only had a tiny portion leftover. 
Just had a hankerin' for Beer Cheese Soup from Kent's Deli... too bad they aren't in business anymore. 
Watching it rain again, can't go outside to talk on phone   I enjoy watching as the drops fall though- back to my Bagel Broker Bagel mmmm!
I'm craving for Krispy Kreme doughnuts... we don't have those in Costa Rica.   #Krispy Kreme
@Chili_bex beer and fish n chips tonight. Naughty i know  hows ww going??
It's national Doughnut day! WTF! I wish I lived near a Dunkin' Doughnut or a Krispy Kreme! Damn this sucks 
Krispy kremes are free today and I'm here and they are there 
lunched with friend at Chiyoda: eel bowl was fabulous...Beard Papa's moved out of Cafe Zaiya 
Today is Nat'l Donut Day: Free donuts from Kripsy Kreme, Lemar's and Dunkin.  None of those places are here 
National Donut day!!! Krispy Kreme at the office!!! My diabetes hurts 
Still kicking ass and booking shows, sponsors, and working on press now...im closing tonight at Chili's so no work tonight 
I saw Krispy Kreme as a trendy topic and it made me really want an apple cinnamon donut. Too bad we don't have any around here anymore.  
 they closed the Krispy Kreme near me ......*tears*
Just got in from a meeting.. these jokas almost made me cuss!!!  but I got my oil changed and my Fruit and Yogurt Parfait so I am good!!
@philnolan3d I nabbed myself a delicious chocolate glazed donut, but I had to pay for a raspberry iced tea too. No Krispy Kremes near me. 
If I'd worked out more than once this week, it might have justified getting that free Krispy Kreme doughnut  http://bit.ly/10mED6
Chipotle is packed right now. 
@xo_amanda_xo I know right! Also Sushi 101, I could of told you that! haha Takes forever and slow service as well.. not good sushi either 
@Teanah Who was at E3? ...I wasn't...  **stuffs his sad face with Krispy Cremes on National Doughnut Day**
Watching Giada deLaurentiis make some kind of pasta on Food Network...it looks good...better than my hot pocket. 
Jus got finished eatin dis Kickin Chicken sandwich from Zaxby's. Got my stomach bout ta bust open.....! 
Wants a free doughnut, Krispy Kremes are so expensive, but 10 million times better than other doughnuts. 
@Pinkdust1993 AWWW!!! I wish we had a Krispy Kreme up here!! 
Eatin chipotle with penny then working until close. I just want to sreeeeeep 
@workhomexpert Yes, I know, but I don't live near either a Krispy Kreme or Dunkin' Donuts. I think it would b 2 stale in the mail. 
@RandyTucker829 I said I wanted a BLT no B and he stood me up. 
Ralph's is sold out of my favourite flavour of Ramen Noodles   #recession
@TheGrayIdentity Ham where the hell is ur pic, it's frustrating me 
@hollowed Food is too good to pass up.  
grr stupid @maxman for stealing my Krispe Kreme Donuts. I work hard for them. 
@missdoomcookie @noelwalling No doubt!  Where's mine?!    Delicious!
*edit// a day late   National Donut Day... free donut at participating Krispy Kreme's
@AROD5005 u right I agree but thats why I'm home now because BP was up and I don't want to but laying off Fried stuff 4 a min 
conclusion: the cookies you buy at the supermarket by no means compares to those from Dunkin Donuts 
It's a beautiful day today, heading out to pick up Gran Torino on DVD, will probably grab a Pizza for dinner, working early tomorrow... 
I am mad! @shealagucci won't let me get some Hooter wings!! 
@allergist Aww jealous! Sushi roxxors  Have a piece of Salmon for me! :-D
Barbeque sauce on a sonic burger? gross. the o-rings were terrible too! 
@garyvee Coca-Cola.. would've been some Publix Lemonade but it's all gone 
Home from the wedding now... 1 hour drive meant McD's was closed  no late night McChicken for me!
@evelynsaenz Oregano and basil... but I'm thinking my plants aren't big enough yet. 
@ainajaharah There's no Krispy Kreme in town   Fail tiny town, fail.
ARGH! Pizza place gave me wrong salad! It has chicken on it! 
Waited in line for ten effing minutes at the Food Bank BBQ today, only to be told (super rudely) that they didn't have any veggie burgers 
KFC Wicked Zinger Tower meal.. had Chinese takeaway tonight too &amp; had Bacardi  eeek! Calories!! http://twitpic.com/6pjd9
Domminos Pastas or Pizza Hut pastas....Ima say Pizza Huts!!BUT i can only eat the chicken alfredo! yum but not for long 
@AntoineTheReaL double Cheesy Beef Burrito and the overstuffed Burrito are reasons me and my 6 pack aint together anymore  lol
Just finished my Mooyah burger. I'm hurting now 
No Italian food for me, the restaurant was closed for lunch  But mom took me to Chili's and we drank ourselves silly.
Sushi with @MelindaV !!! Yum! There's only one thing missing that would make this perfect... @CCab 
I want Arby's!!! 
The bus gods have vetoed my Chipotle plans. 
im about to eat Souplantation again! lol no more strawberry theme 
Sliced my finger open 
@MooJersey I ate at Chili's tonight!  Just in Surfside, not Cola.  
Margaritas are yummy n I can't find my friend on here 
@BrassAngel I hunger!!! You not here to be my KFC parrie 
Hanging out with @Vmoneybaggz famfam..waiting to eat some chadok! Haha jk..I lost my Korean BBQ privilages for a while..I abused it 
The #hotdog at #DBGB is divine! Yet still $8. 
Subway made me sick 
It's official. Pasta is o  kryptonite. I'm sleepy now   -Dottie&lt;3
My Papa's in the hospital 
Southern Fried Poetry Slam was awesomeness.  Hung out with the ladies at Chili's afterwards.  Sleep now and work in the morning 
Food poisoning is not fun. 
@BrandonFord sadly, no Dunkin donuts out here. 
Just left Johns Incredible Pizza that's was actually thee most fun because we had the whole damn family there.....except Thomas 
says June 15 pa pasukan ng CSA Hindi ako makakakain ng Baked Penne at Chocolate Cake Next week  http://plurk.com/p/ysgvt
Chili's wid my bitch n my fam was shmakkin!!! too bad mary n spiff cuddnt show up  its solid tho blud!
I just ate some McDonalds and now I feel sick 
Cooked the bomb ass fried chicken for my road trip cross country tomorrow. But can't eat it yet 
Rustica was closed for the night  so me and the crew had to settle for Steve's Prince of Steaks on Comly. At least it was not McDonalds
No more review classes yet I still eat McDo everyday. I feel like a pig. 
Looks like that steak I bought in the week won't be seeing the BBQ this weekend 
@Shaundrie just thinking about eating some Krystals is making me feel a little ill 
@calperniaaddams Taco Bell is theeee bomb. It's my &amp; my cousin's guilty pleasure. I miss it.  Dieting sucks
BBQ invite for today-yup; weeks holiday coming up in Devon-yup; ergo, weather is wet and cold, and forecast to stay wet/cold for the week 
Just got home from my bike ride and working the drowned 'rat' look really well. So where's the BBQ summer we were promised then 
@Noodle93 @Lendra93 okay  -brittany cries in corner- hehe i kid
Its raining great, so much for having a BBQ 
rain rain go away, come back another day. BBQ plans scuppered 
is getting ready to go shopping. I don't think the BBQ later is going to be happening now, it's pouring out. 
#Spam is out of control, all those wasted bytes  http://bit.ly/6DVpj
My BBQ has been rained off 
went out for Sushi last night, but missed the movie 
dinner FAIL  They tried to copy cook the Crispy Tilapia of Recipes but it didn't come close. No choice! Yun lang ulam :x
Just ate KFC. Havnt in yrs, NEVER again! Pukey blehh 
@divad71 I wouldn't mind a KFC Zinger Burger  myself. I think they've sold out in Brunei 
BBQ called off, cause of the weather  but chill is cooking as we speak . O and 'garlic bread'
BBQ been called off at the brother in laws  so I have nothing else left to do but level my Mage or do dailies. It's a hard life
So glorious sunshine and BBQs last weekend, and grey skies, rain and hailstones this weekend 
I'm extremely sunburnt.  Crispy.  
@mmdining With all the extra stuff/bands/crowds - it wasn't the Chili Cookoff anymore, it's like it had become a mini Common Ground.  
Made a large breakfast-for me. Garlic rice w/scrambled eggs topped w/asiago cheese...yummy. But my rice always ends up soggy 
Yummy honey pretzels:] not excited for grafton 
Hooters wings suck. I was craving chicken and was horribly let down. 
This is not BBQ weather  but my car's clean so every cloud..
I was soooo looking forward to shopping and Cheesecake Factory 
aargggghhh rain is coming, no BBQ today 
@rohitsabu: The sea shell restaurant in Chennai spoilt my taste bud for Shawarma &amp; Falafel.  #Fail
My mother forced me out of bed and dragged me to McDonalds (eww) with only 5 minutes to get ready and now i feel gross 
Eatin breakfast. A lil sad 
Actually everything is set up for BBQ, but it is raining all the time. 
has nothingggg to dooo! wishh i could be with the Ruptorss  and theyy didnt even bother to tell me of the BBQ! :O ruuuuuuude!  neverMind
Has anyone seen Fast Food Nation? I have had nightmares last night after watching it 
Cooked breakfast, cleaned dishes, did laundry, cleaned house. Now got to cut grass 
I tried to get into the Simply Seafood class but it was sold out  I hope you do another one at the Edmonds PCC, that's my neighborhood!
so I have to pass on the BBQ today 
Out and BBQ in the cooold weather 
@therealjspace neither do the ones at the KFC up the street. 
After all I missed lunch with him yesterday and he was taking me to TGIFridays.... 
seriously saw two young kids MAKING OUT outside the store before the went into CiCi's. SICKNASTY! 
Finally finished paying that stack of bills I'd been avoiding. Ramen, mac &amp; cheese and pb&amp;j for the next two weeks... 
@lonelycoo I know  But talk of Krispy Kremes today has given me a craving! Is there a Krispy Kreme near you??
is a BLT on the heart healthy menu? i guess its grilled chkn salad 4 me 
I actually put the heating on this morning. It was freezing. So much for the bloody BBQ summer the weather people predicted 
Fajitas are on special today.... I'm going to stink of fajitas tonight 
@WordofMouthAtl whoever does it makes goodness for your soul. Yummy bean pies. They dnt sell them in my prt of town 
Chilled to the bone 
He's off to last game  and we are off to nations! Yummy yummy!
No wreck beach - cloudy   BBQ and Tweet instead
Shoulda took my ass to IHOP in da first place!! 
How i wish I could go back to the Philippines... I miss my friends... and I also miss him too...  Of to lunch.... Salad and Banana juice!
@nerak35 haha but that's the problem  there's not good music, and they always make BBQ and it's a temptation for me!
Sliced my damn lip!!  not cool!! Oucch
Paddy Cake chocolate chip cookies (I just ran 5.5 mi, so :-P), decent but not discernibly better or worse than say, Whole Foods or SBUX. 
@VioletsCRUK I had 2 full boxes of Jaffa Cakes in the shop, somehow there is none left now 
@eightynine25 @m_neko Now I want Wasabi too 
Carrots... Yogurt... And half a think fruit bar... Losing weight is hard to do. 
BBQ in the rain.............you can't plan a bbq in advance in sunny Scotland 
Yummy, jess, your doingg everythingg I wanna be doing right now 
@SmartBitches  Yummy!! Eat fried chicken for me.  Having boring pizza.  
Deli customer killed during robbery in Schenectady http://bit.ly/EhwC4 (via @timesunion) // Saw the search chopper and wondered. So sad 
@Salad Fingers...... you scare me 
Qdoba was delish on my lunch break but now i don't feel so hot 
Taste of artificial sweetening agent in Diet Coke = *yuckkk*.. 
I slept for 12 hours.... and didn't watch The Soup last night 
@mikeyil I contemplated having that for lunch but went for Saladworks instead.  I do enjoy me some waffle fries tho.
Chipotle yummmm, but now sitting in traffic on the 91 
Food coma interrupted by dog and 3 yr old  #fb
@moniemouse  I like Dunkin the best but there is no Dunkin anywhere near where I live 
is craving for Frozen Yogurt.. where can i find one???  http://plurk.com/p/yygty
Why can't Sprinkles Cupcakes be closer to my house? 
About to go to Macoroni Grill with my girlies; I'm wearing all black again on this semi-formal occasion, haha &lt;3 I'll meessss my Paulooo 
Guess MOE'S will hv 2 do since VA doesn't hv a Taco Cabana  also went in to starbucks, 1st in like 10 yrs gettn a vanilla latte, yikes!
@MzGlossy I want $3 Margaritas!!! lol...extremely bored.... sorry 
My Chipotle tasted soapy.  I ate it anyway.
http://twitpic.com/6sgh5 - Tortillas are haunting me I see them everywhere and we have none at my house 
Not going to the birthday BBQ  ...At least I have the Journal of BC Studies to keep me company, right?
Goodbye Thai Restaurant of Norcross.   http://twitpic.com/6slv3
i miss popchips  I need to go to H&amp;H soon
Mochas never last long enough.  but at least it was only three dollars.
@believeitsreal I've never had that pizza! I just settledon Dominos 
http://twitpic.com/6snry - Homemade solar filter cannot pierce clouds 
BBQ issues all night: first had to replace the burner, didn't realize the tank safety triggeres, finally looked up low heat after 2 hours 
I'm hungry and we haven't even fired up the BBQ yet. 
Pea and Ham Soup Recipe http://bit.ly/tkpZ9 My favourite soup! Pity I tend to eat it tinned 
Why are Papa John's Garlic Parmasan Breadsticks so good?  Wish I could catalog them with *Delicious* Library 
Just tried to eat at Macaroni Grill...um not a good idea 
I'm hungry too! I been CRAVING a fucking strawberry milkshake + Arinis wouldn't stop at McD's.. I iz sad 
Sitting in the car at Chili's (staaaaarving!) while my family is inside eating. The joys of motherhood.   Now I have to go home &amp; cook. F!
@bendrumin I love Fat Tire in a can. So easy to bike with. No such thing as free money though.  feedthepig.org
Based on a review by @alyssabarlow I must now see _wild hearts can't be broken_ http://digg.com/u151a7 it only got 63% at Rotten Tomatoes 
ok going to bed  lol but going to Mazzio's tomorrow! YAY!!  haven't been there in forever! i love that place!
Ohno it's raining  hope it doesnt affect the BBQ later!!
@Yummy411 unfortunately not. two tabs of advil every 4 hrs don't cut it! 
Sausage mad my stomac hurt... 
MMMMMMMMMM Crab Cakes &amp; Wine ....... Sexy Combo ... 2 bad i'm alone 
@tonesF Sarap naman ng pasta!!! Chili na shrimp pa!!! YUM.  Sayang talga you weren't there 
Is disappointed that IHOP no longer has corncakes.   
@DJEsquire Damn, I wish I was at that BBQ, damn sure ain't nothing like Bklyn BBQ's.  I'm missing BK right now. 
@AshleeDanielle thank you so much! Ihop KC main prayer room was closed. Apparently from 9-12 they move to a different bldg. So I left. 
@tiano3 I love that movie. Empanadas sound good I made some the other day but there all gone now 
Craving Pizza Rolls and Milk.  Ofc I'd be craving things we wouldn't have in the house.
was rudely awake by a thunderstorm !!!  it says no BBQ today
gonna have me some eggtarts now. Dimsum was awesome. I'm tired 
@str1fe Taco salads can be yummy!  I was hoping.
i really want to go to an in and out burger. i have never been to one. 
@pbrocks I'm sorry to hear that bro.  What the hell happened at IHOP?
Conti's Baked Macaroni i want you so bad 
Eating the new pringles Oven Roasted Chicken flavour. Not very good at all. 
@jkgirl73 crap!  his last tweet rules out KFC man  lol
@LyanaEvrilow No!!  Blasphemy! Krispy Kreme is the best!! 
Yes, Pizza Hut delivery was late but it was because of a flat tire. Hmp. It's not free anymore 
supposed to be going to a BBQ today... Not the weather for it !! 
studying for my exams   all the Fresh verbs in all the thenses :o! pff... 
is starving  waiting for my KFC http://plurk.com/p/z2b7t
currently in McDo(thats what they call it) , had fillet o fish for lunch. rindu my mcdo @ stwangsa 
school BBQ was fun, calvin must pay!!! kayla u need to follow me!!! getting my school uniform this week   
I am pretty sure this Tortilla Crusted Fish is really good... I just wouldn't really know 
@BeReed they have em at Dunkin Donughts..lol...the english muffins are dry there, i think they put em in the microwave and it makes dry 
About to clean, clean, clean, make some breakfast and see my couin off  I'm glad he really enjoyed his BBQ birthday surprise.
@DJEsquire BBQ! jealous the rain has caught up with us here 
It's Papa's birthday tomorrow. I miss him. 
@TateBFG yea I'm feelin good. Thx! Grilled cheese is bangin! I didn't get to eat 1 last night  so ill make 1 this mornin
Wer the hell has the sun gone?!?....I wanted 2 hav a BBQ! 
@fencersam HAHAHA i wisshhhhh i could go for your lovely BBQ! 
@Saz_xox your lucky, i have 29 
Hungry as hell - goin to a BBQ - leavin my phone home, its damn near dead 
At work... I want to be at the BBQ pool party at my house  my book  http://yfrog.com/0zg6fj
Cooking 1 of 2 recipes i know by heart: Italian Ragu Bolognese. The original with liver is best, but nobody likes liver  http://tr.im/nHTr
@speakofthedevs ahhhhhhhhhhh I miss the diners up there 
Cookin oxtail n fryin chicken 
Left HEB for Whataburger, ended up at Wal-Mart. Got to Whataburger &amp; got out of the car &amp; left it running. WTF is wrong with me today!?? 
@Dukeicon our BBQ is now flooded 
My back hurts  but not too bad to keep me from doing some major shopping today! And I'm thinking some Jamba Juice this morning, yum!
@Southern Kitchen Coffee Shop with Griz and Blonx. Herra long lines 
BBQ at Tiff's. But she's not going to be there 
@nebgen Her family came into town to see her so she wasn't able to join us.  Fixin to go to the pool!
@thatslifehippy Shrimp are so cute though 
Chillin' &amp; Grillin'! 2 bad me gots 2 go 2 work later! 
Eating Taco Bell quesadilla- substitute with beans- not as good as I had hoped. 
Coldstone &quot;lost&quot; order.  No fancy birthday cake for momma... Not good 
Suffering the wrath of 3 am Steak-n-Egger spicy fries.  A little upset that this weekend is about to be over 
@DaRealsebastian they closed my neighborhood Quiznos 
Everyone has been talking about Falafel &amp; now I really want some 
@20secondflight ya escoje el title de tu blog dawg. comi McD's  broke the diet
@ da BBQ having fun, lovely food, fine company shame about da weather 
Just got in from being out.mum is not here. do not tell her i was late when she gets back or im gonna be more dead than a KFC 
Papa  i miss you miley  i think you know  how i feel 
@roshidoshi sad  no Nosh for you guys?
Chicken fingers absolutely suck without ketchup or ken's honey mustard!!! 
Mmmm... Ribs and Chicken Ceasar Salad on order from Traditions Family Restaurant. I would make it myself, but my BBQ is out of gas! 
doesn't want to leave Sushi alone tonight. 
Just asked for chicken burger in KFC, no chicken  
@drenee1026 stop teasing!  I have Subway 
Bread not turning out so good  think I may have botched the yeast.
@KimPossible40 no... Dairy is made up of 100's of different ingedients... U most likely have a lactous intollerent issue 
lost the challange to the pizza 
Sushi (mostly sashimi) lunch band narcolepsy side-fx palsy so very bad I kept spastically dropping my food. Even using my fingers 
having a BBQ. school tomorrow.  going to florida again this summer! ahhhhhh.
&quot;Bone-head&quot; mistake of the weekend: Burgers on gas grill yesterday &amp; enjoyed a great lunch. Apparently I left the grill on. No gas left! 
@AlfinaHawaii LOL, I think someone tried to bring Arby's here, maybe in the 80s, but they went out of business. 
Food is so unsatisfying these days 
Still not asleep. Now have The Chicken Dance stuck in my head. 
@_vickie_ family BBQ where?  why the hell does no one invite me to anything anymore   I am the unwanted child.
KFC...but it's not free. 
@PetiteCarnicera the food lion Soul Food seasoning rocks! i'm sad i missed the watermelon 
@mexecution Mi padre needs to learn to BBQ because I starving too. 
@DatasWife Aww do you really work in McDonalds. 
Steak, potatoes and creamed corn? I opened the wrong can... 
@Melissabarbosa yeah. He is Yummy. But ashley would get awfully mad  i dont know.
@Mc_Cafe ummm...delicious following! haha. now i want some coffe 
@clovergirl104 I'm sad we didn't get to go to Mongolie Grill 
ando de operacion Chef je je... cocinandole a mis padres y concintiendolos full! i am sure going to miss them 
as if the day couldn't get any worse, I ran out of Easy Cheese 
I really, really, really, want some Cheese Curds from Wisconsin...too bad I'm too far away 
.....eating cold Ramin Noodles and drinking water 
Papa John's Pizza closed in my area.  Now they have Pizza Hut &amp; Cici's Pizza. It's all good though. ;)
Sitting at Qdoba... 10 minutes to close... and they pull the iced tea right when I go up for a refill! 
@MrPasker too late, already had KFC  
I'm full from the food &amp; cake we ate!  but that was some yummy ass BBQ, Mexican style babyy. Y tres leches cake mmmm!
Visited my mom dad and lil bro, had BBQ with my best friends and cleaned some of the house soooooo tired now 
Just put in 3 applications to Mcdonalds    I'll apply to sears next
says Baking hair crashed me  http://plurk.com/p/z7js5
@ the Deli for Hosty, w/o you 
back from picking up the BIL at the airport.  Made a stop at VooDoo Doughnut- first impression- How fun! Tasty doughnuts- not so much 
Beach BBQ, red faced now (sun), found out why I keep puncturing, tyre is fecked 
I had a Coffee Toffee Frosty at Wendy's and now I can't go to sleep!!!  SO AWAKE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
$40 to fill up my tank. I miss driving the Bakers' car! 
so not cool! Taco hell forgot our Carmel Apple Empanadas 
http://twitpic.com/7g8h4 - Yummm...i wish id still had it with me here. 
I feel sick... Tuna sandwiches have done something to me... 
Me and Andre 3000 go to the same Whole Foods yet I can't link his videos with out some bull shit plug 
I miss Indonesian Cuttlefish Jerky 
Now to figure out what to eat. I hate figuring out food when I'm by myself. Eating alone sucks and I've got a week of it 
The rain sucks, but what can you do such as life. I'm going out for a solo breakfast...which means Dunkin Donuts...could go for denny's. 
HOT AS HELL in kristiansand today. plans for the afternoon: BBQ with friends and just chill, but work is not over yet 
There's a lost puppy sitting in front of the door at the station. I gave him Zingers and some bottled water 
Food poisoning blows! 
I could really go for a Bojangles steak biscuit right now. 
is on lunch, can't tweet during working hours as it is barred   Eating a bacon sandwich yummy!!!
@adhoctg so is KFC, which is where we ended up 
@kinggoji umm. well, I really do *love* the Dulce de Leche with bacon bits on top. . . but Krispy Kreme doesn't sell them here. 
A bit too many BBQ chips and popcorn last night. 
Aaah! Breakfast. Fruit and oatmeal with no milk. The holiday inn only has whole milk  might as well use cream.
Aaah! Breakfast. Fruit and oatmeal with no milk. The holiday inn only has whole milk  might as well use cream.
@clairabellejp Salad again for me 
we just tried to break the record for most Jaffa Cakes devoured in a minute...we failed! 
I have some even more dreadful news: Krispy Kreme may be on the verge of bankrupcy - or so I've been told.  Mondays are the worse days!
Eatn a BLT wishn tha parade would come thru oakland!  but its not
@crimhacksign that is horrible Ramen!  poor you!
I wish the KFC Express in the mall had real Colonel's Crispy Strips. 
@CptFantabulous ADDICT! There is a BBQ going on here up at college, but I don't think I'll go as it's raining 
sure the day when I have time to hit up @NextCoffee no Omelette bar 
is in so much pain  AlexMelville BabyCakes YouMyBabyGirl LUSFM beautiful
advertising works.....now i want KFC 
R.I.P Sushi.... I  tried my best to save you.... 
I don't want to leave Panera and its bready goodness and internet  Power's still out at my house  x2
Food break over - back to the bathroom floor 
Anyone knows where I can rent BBQ's in Rotterdam. I'm running out of options.... The BBQ is in 2 weeks 
I feel so naughty....the Pork Scratchings just called to me in the garage. I am weak 
Pasta is at work while rice is taking a math test 
i want to go to Ihop 
Chili cookin for the day and then class 
is a little cranky that Steak &amp; Shake doesn't have taco salads any more, especially since that's the only reason he went...  
you know what SoHo needs?  more shoe stores.  ugh only food I can find  are street carts and a Wendys 
Oh no! I ran out of Pocky's!  http://twitpic.com/7h9a2
@mpowless1980 I love broccoli, it sounds appetizing! Meat is good. but my salads been sucking. boo  so sad
Just got blocked in by the Panera truck for like an hour 
Corner Bakery, I miss my friends 
i wish my grill was operational 
watching Coffee Soup Soundtrack makes me miss my boys 
Please please PLEASE don't let me get sick now.  Eating vitamin C like it's chocolate.
@meiko911 Chipotle Carnitas tacos are DA BOMB!!!  Damn...I shoulda had that for lunch! 
Pizza! I gotta start working out again 
Chillin at lunch. Miso soup n rice wit tofu n egg. No vitamin water today  jus sobe green tea
Just had Subway and I'm still hungry 
Smoothie time, hope it helps my throat which hurts 
@Sauce_Fonda my bad...i dont have them, thought i did, the engineer i recorded with doesnt either  sowwy
@PencilComet :3 Lasagna's the shit! . I hate frustrating days, where everything just seems to push you the wrong way 
is wondering why Panera discontinued there tomato soup. It was the best thing they had 
@Bimbo_Butterkek I hope that won't be me (no offense), but it probably will 
@theRug sorry you couldn't make it to the BBQ  hope you can make it to the next one ;)
Laying in bed watching Chowder on Cartoon network. I feel like crap. 
just eat hot &amp; spicy chicken and $1 large coke from  McDonald.. I was hungry even though I had lunch today 
Oh goodie! there's a new hottie following me under 3 different IDs            #Spam
@merrymodernist its because your a freak :3 lol jk &lt;3 cant wait till the BBQ  stacey cant make it though 
Layed out all day. Ate Zaxby's, yum. I want more followers, please? 
BBQ was great, getting rained on on the way home... rubbish. 
Made tacos, tried to pull off the Taco Bell Lava Sauce thing. I didn't even come close  anyone know the recipe?
Missing my Fresh 
I'm probably the only idiot who spends $5.55 (plus tax) for the Fruit &amp; Cheese Plate at Starbucks. 
The Ham &amp; Cheese Ziti Casserole was quite yummy! There is a ton of it leftover too! Too bad Dave didn't like it as much.  Cheesecake time!
@matcarpenter I wish KFC delivered there isn't one around my place 
I can smell the Dunkin' Donuts next to my building through my open bedroom window 
No sushi  Mexican instead  few blocks down @Cotijas..LOVE the Shrimp Diablo burrito..finger licking good, pollo asado fries rock too!!
About to go to work  But going out for vietnamese tonight Yummy!!!
Food got stuck in the vending machine...I'm sad 
I'm so tired from biking.... Food coma kicking in! 
I'm fena tear up this Chipotle Chicken Panini! Mmm mmmm...can't wait! I'm such a lazy bum today I don't feel like doing nothing 
I don't want to live in an apartment anymore. Guy above us just broke a BBQ sauce bottle and shoved it all down onto our balcony 
The ratio of corn flakes to peach yogurt is way off in my Corn Flake &amp; Peach Yogurt Late Night Snack.  Too many corn flakes 
Finally got to the gate. Pret sammiches are great! But I didn't get one  got some britney spears perfume on though
@ImAyeVoe man I was about to go &amp; find out*smh my bestie @KittyKatana told me they had sum killa BarBQ I just wanted sum baked Mac&amp;Cheese 
@nickbeaulieu trust me - Barbecue sauce is way, WAY worse than cigarette smoke 
Eats when he is depressed 
tommorow=out to eat w/ christina at Koi Restaurant before she leaves.everyones leaving me  I start shooting for my new movie next month!!
Salad (pre-diet day 'zero')    don't mind me! just gonna be a vegetarian grumpy puss for the next couple days 
i'm all out of &quot;Squirrelly Bread&quot;... bummer  http://bit.ly/6yGQk
Arby's is no longer on the &quot;places to eat&quot; list. 
@nathanrdotca *whispers* I can't DM Spam, they're not following me 
@TheRealRyanHiga  I have No burger 
Get your ice skates on-hell has officially frozen over- I did not enjoy my creme brule'e at Ryan Bar &amp; Grill! 
@Nandos_Official can't load the link from my iPhone 
@GameHouse Kristy, i clicked on the link of downloading free Pizza Chef, then created my account &amp; Pizza Chef disappeared 
Pork / chicken meatballs that doesn't taste right.  Tamarind glaze fish sauce, honey, garlic, thai chili. CONFUSED. Supposed to be right. 
@GameHouse : Different time zone  So when I saw your tweet about Pizza Chef, it's kinda too late    I love cooking game 
The local Subway chains are so deprived of good sauces. They don't have my favourite SouthWest 
having Pizza Hut for merienda. still having a terrible migraine. 
i'm so knocked out from yest./last n8  BBQ &amp; rain are not good friends,but there's alw. a away 2 find a comprom.  now 2 work? wth? 
@O_Donut I was going to go this year but my mates pulled out so I did 
says @gebu: wala si Tahong Chips kagabi.  http://plurk.com/p/11bg1o
Food makes you fat  I need to stop eating all together I swear!
Just cleaned my room, im now starving. Food then back to college  work 
wants to watch daddy day care but it's on the BBQ day! 
I want Canteen Noodles with the chopsticks and the box! last week i only got it in a bowl 
Wat naughty thing should I eat/drink 2day? Chicken wings or soda? I really want da soda 
Food, where are you? I WANT YOU! 
didn't manage to have McD's or KFC today  Ended up eating nasi lemak for breakfast and bubur for lunch.
I'm still scanning the page for &quot;syndicated from The Onion&quot;. Not finding it. 
@MattB88 Also is it new rules for McD's to skimp on the McFlurry's?  Of late (at our local McD's) I've been getting under half a pot 
@Saz_xox  your not the only one i hate being off school no one to talk to really 
I'm weak, I'm succumbed. Cheese and onion Walkers it is. 
They're having a gazillion of fun @ the BBQ/Chalet right now 
Protein shake and oatmeal for breakfast... Yummy!! Cutting weight is a BLAST 
at work..with my shity instant coffee..I did not have time to go to Dunkin  I was running late
Just spent 80 quid on fuck all at the supermarket !!!! Food should be free !!! 
I'm trying so hard not to cry in this restaurant 
@anaggh Pizza hut still serves non here...and nver seen barista serve non even before too...and will never see a a KFC here 
I never should have had Chipotle yesterday...my body feels like crap because of it 
good morning world! just got thru with a bowl of Peanut Butter Crunch &amp; now for some packing, still can't see my friend's updates 
@davejohnston I make the homemade Egg Mc Muffins often, usually w/out Canadian Bacon though 
A word of caution for would be McDonalds free coke cups collecters. The glass is not the same color on each cup. We have brown and purple 
@letoyaluckett I was thinking the same thing!!!  now I'm off to IHOP!
@drakebell Drake, you're so cute for answering my friend @gabrielascs! btw, I don't like Sushi  but I like fish, when I'm in the beach
Watching my father cooking a fish. Kitchen has become a real mess.  I`m sure he`ll make me clean it.
@EyeBlinks Thats pathetic, scones  surely they would have something nice like Gur Cake !
I only have two lunch buddies and they're both occupied today.  Burrito for one. 
@spotlightcity So...how was Food Inc? Sorry I couldn't make it - couldn't get out to Pantry to pick up the tickets 
Chicken n oranges 4 lunch man its not fun eatin right 
@TheSims3 Over doing it when U should be relaxing in the Fancy Restaurant.  But I do love the Sims!! I cant afford it, being jobless.  
unfortunately will not be hosting the open mic and comedy shows at Chips &amp; Salsa this month due to them being canceled 
Going to pick up the Pizza! I wish it was nicer out so we could go in the pool 
@NRN_IndyThink the combination of #Arby and #Wendy in a single unit is the death star for gastrointestinal tracts. I'm jealous 
@akkiman and coke float is exactly what I want- not one from McD's though, my own 
Just had a tasty lunch at the Sundae Grill. Now it's raining and I want to go to sleep, but must go therapeutize people 
Burger king just isn't the same anymore 
Quiche and fresh fruit salad for lunch. It's like brunch, at my desk, but minus the champagne. 
it's a Potbelly's kind of day.....too bad I'm trying to be good and cant have a milkshake 
just went on a hunt for Pizza Hut in Durban - sad to say it seems they have closed down.  we ended up at the beach strip at McRibs!
Sushi wasn't as good as I had anticipated... 
I just learned how difficult it is to say &quot;Slice of Sausage Pizza&quot; with braces on... 
@Ramen_Noodle I just want to cuddle.  When he doesn't, then I want to toss him.
Wife suggested trip to 24-hour garage to buy bread. Stale garage bread. Cheese it is then 
@Siobhansy I know!  Chef was best.
oh Whole Foods bakery, you have failed me 
@PinkIsSoPretty5 I love Coldstone...you should have said something..now I'm sad 
@PaulaAbdul didnt you have a family BBQ recently? or maybe that was just with your mom? my parents are divorced too 
My trip = 2 NY Strip Steaks, ingredients for Pesto Mushrooms, asparagus, but I forgot my deli sandwich for tonight.  Off to lacrosse.
http://twitpic.com/7koh9 - Not-so-good Roast Potatoes 
could go for some real food. Chicken broth is not my friend 
@thaispdergrl  Tofu smooooothie.
@211me i miss in-n-out burger i want to go back to cali 
Got my free KFC Grilled Chicken coupons in the mail today &amp; thought I had dinner covered.  Then I realized I can't use them until Friday. 
Looking for a bbq chicken recipe I can make in the over. No bbq  This just sounds wrong: Beer in the Rear Chicken. I don't think so.
Crab Hut with my bfff! But babyV is mia  nigga where you at?!
I'm so happy with some Chicken Paprikash... I wish i had dumplings. 
tonight's dinner: Tuscan Chicken Pizza and pasta salad. Tomorrow, can't chew food. 
I'm really craving Taco Bell for some reason. Why did they have to discontinue the chicken Crunchwrap? 
big old chunk of cow carcass is getting prepped for the BBQ.  With out a drink it might just be mediocre though 
Grill gods a not with me tonight 
I spent the day at my cousin's house. We had a BBQ. I was cramping the whole time 
@no1joel Then I shan't. Aww damn, American Pie just finished.  I don't want to go to bed, even though I have driving in the morning. Cuh.
@Lydiaatthedisco I don't know I figure it out after my super slim. Meal 
Home from work .. opened my mail and found a a coupon for a big bucket of chicken. Cooked to order but no delivery 
Subway! Yum! Jus found out someone i cared bout is leavin for 8 months. Sad  im gunna miss him!
Lobster Cobb Salad and Crab Seviche/Ceviche with a glass or two of Mer Soleil at Montarra tonight... yummy. Cubs/Sox rained out. 
@MariStarr Lol I know I went to the store yesterday, passed by the Icecream and still 4got to get some 
Potato pancakes!? I have no willpower.  
Please stop apologising and actually do something... Restaurant 09  and I'm not even in yet
@typicaldoll http://twitpic.com/7k6qh - awwww my little Lobster  I love u with all my soul bff of magic drugs.
@backlight42 the McD's by me doesn't have milkshakes 
Wheat Chex, you done me wrong. There must be whey in there somewhere because today I paid the price.  
At Hooter's for a b-day. NO wings for me, just grilled chkn salad 
Jian Korean BBQ with @missnickyhilton and she won't let me order anything! 
Just ate an entire CPK thin crust pizza &amp; now I'm goin back 2 bed....smh @ the extreme level of gluttony that just occurred in my home. 
almost had a Nando's Chicken Burger tonight (his favorite South African Fast Food - now in DC), but the line was too long  #fb
@scottbourne Jalapeno chips n salami on it's way...with a Pepsi no less! YAY! Miss &quot;Munchies&quot; taffy in Sausalito n motorcyle rides. 
At Rebellion Pizza picking up a vegan &quot;meat&quot; lovers pizza to go (lunch tomorrow!). They are out of vegan cheese though 
good thing I can block spam from getting to my iPhone.  I know some people are getting killed with Spam on their phones right now 
had a good workout .. unfortunately i decided to sneak in a million nibbles of my brother's McD's meal into my mouth .. 
@FindFutsaLMsia la. so I still can't have my Subway today.  . will wait for tomorrow. going to have 2 sandwitches tomorrow. haha haha..
@PrincessGwenie @kirbythecorgi Yummy, sounds like a plan, but I'm probably not near where you are since we are out so far in the country 
Is torri hunter in the lineup? Dish isn't working, not sure why 
think I ate a bad leftover Subway sandwich 
still looking for the JacknJill Potato Chips Nori Flavor  cany find one nagccrave ako!
A blender of piping hot Korean BBQ sauce exploded on me  3rd degree burns on my belly
Adobo Rum Chicken sucks. 
@GeoffJohns0 Frosted Flakes and French Toast Crunch are my favourites...too bad French Toast Crunch is gone 
back...got KFC instead lol feel fat and greasy now  lol
Rice Karuhi pochu today.sadly need to trash most of them  brought only lil amt of rice.Cooker doesn't give the 3rd whistle @ all. 
@herminator09 Thanks for the Cadbury Dairy Milk Tiramisu! Awesome taste but no headache reliever today 
think I ate a bad leftover Subway sandwich : think I ate a bad leftover Subway sandwich  http://tinyurl.com/lzcrm6
wondering how much burgers from Carlsjunior will cost... 
I Love Food! But I need to learn to not over eat  http://myloc.me/47B8
Food poisoning. Not good 
Fun night out! On a Tuesday, ha ha! Craving In-&amp;-Out Burger! Wish I was in Cali 
@mschikee mother goose! hope you are feeling better. Papa goose says you're still unwell. 
didn't do his apple diet  and has been living off Del Taco and Carls Jr. and Top Ramen hahahah
@tommcfly - I love Kellogg's Crunchy Nut!!!! They stopped selling them here in Portugal!!!  Enjoy it for me!!! ;)
@MarkJamesDye Do you need antibiotics?   Chicken Soup?  Hope you have TLC around you!
Which recipe should I post tomorrow? Asparagus Cappucino or Roti Dog? Undecided 
suspect I am becoming addicted to Mochas 
@NoelClarke I fail to understand how a donut, no matter how nice, can cost more than 50p. So I never eat Krispy Kremes 
hates sitting in the office while outside the weather is that nice....I want to go off for BBQ and bathing....fuck 
Another day at Pinkberry tomorrow  5th day in a row &gt;&lt;
@JMEBBK http://twitpic.com/7m2lq - Yolk is the best bit  
is craving KFC salad...booo  http://plurk.com/p/11lyss
Enough about work. Lunch today was Creamy Broccoli and Cauliflower soup. An apple and a Pear  Still a long way from GQ cover guy 
I have killed my Living Salad.  
@amandachoe @oc3an tonite McD  so unhealthy!
@Envyious I don't think we have any Hungry Jacks here.  But I do have to agree with you, McD's fries are the best and my most fave. XD
Free Cake @ The Macaroni Grill , gosh I wish I had one of these around me   http://www.shop4freebies.com/
I could really go for IHOP right about now... But I'll probably just have Special K 
Papa please help me to study physics. Because I don't understand about this 
I wish that McRib was back... 
Line at McDonalds was too long so I can't get my sausage biscuit on 
Is seriously craving some Krispy Kreme Donuts!!! But I really dont feel like driving 45 minutes 
Doughnut from, Sugarbabies Doughnut Works! ...Coffee, from the nearest Sev 
Finished homework 5 minutes after they made the final boarding call, sprinted on to plane at last minute, didn't even get to eat McD's 
I wonder what was going through the Micros worker's mind when he started a software update on Pizza Hut's till system during peak rush! 
I want a $1 sweet tea from McDonalds. 
Pizza and peanut butter ice cream do not equal a healthy breakfast! 
@jacekdudzic  But you have paczki and mazurki which more than makes up for your lack of Venti Cafe Mochas 
Figures. The 1 time I go to Subway theres a big order in front of me 
proudly wearing my &quot;i cupcake ny&quot; t-shirt from Magnolia Bakery today...wish i still had the cupcakes to go with it 
apparently it's raining... so no bike ride this morning and no Robeks! 
Salty!!! I packed my lunch and left it on the counter  I do NOT want Subway for lunch today!!
@DobraWorks yeah...you gotta buy and make your own Dunkin Donuts coffee around here. 
I wish we had a toaster oven in the office.  Pizza from a microwave is disgusting 
Counting down until lunch...too bad I only have a Lean Cuisine 
@AliMcC_16 Also sad to be missing the Jerk Chicken. Feeling the same, maybe worse  Just woke up.
@adneris all these restaurants that i dont even know about   !
@martyc1991 Curries make me violently ill 
@roguekitty Subway smells like old cleaning equipment and rotten cheese  #squarespace #trackle
yelp.com says Ketchup in MD is horrible and not worth going to  3 out of 30 reviews were good.. hmmm
http://twitpic.com/7mwrd - Arby's took down their Roastburger coupon.     But i found the image in my browser cache...so...cheap lunch ...
got the Crazy Bread but what a dissapointment.  not so good this time.  
@brianovi I don't like the kanji for modesty.  Also, I want to go to Cheeburger with you. 
@teemwilliams OMG! I love KFC. I was looking for one just now here in Madrid, cause I was out but there wasn't one near  saad
Sliced my finger open at work today  so much blooddd!  At least I hustled to the bathroom sink before I got any blood on the new carpet
Suddenly have a craving for Buffalo wings. You realize I haven't eaten meat in over 10 years. Wonder if BBQ sauce on grilled tofu will do 
@CampWildGirls I'm killing me too!  I'm hungry now- Pie, Outdoors2 crayfish and Andouillie. Dang.
25 Burgers changes their burger to-go format, adds 6 new burgers, and more to their menu. #23's last day is monday 
Food poisoning 
@shy_matsi Eggs on a burger  I like my bacon, cheese, bleu cheese, BBQ sauce, ketchup, fried unions on mah burgers &lt;3
Who the fuck eat all the FRITOS!?  ....lol
@dirticow go to your indian store they make a dulce de leche like dessert. YUM! Lots of coco stuff too. No churros though 
Nickel Diner ?'s....: I went there for dinner just for the bacon doughnut...they were out  I loved the mac and.. http://tinyurl.com/oxxdmf
No Terminal tonight! I am getting over the Chicken McNugget Flu, no NP patio 2morrow  but will play Kilkenny's 9:30pm if I'm alive.
Just ate the most disgusting soup ever!! Campbells Harvest French Onion almost made me throw up!! 
@bobbyedner aaahh!!!you're making me hungry  I love Burrito's gimme some please? #HappyBirthdayDrewRyanScott
The meat my papaw cooked was rotten, so my family had to eat vegetarian today! xD But then they went and got Whoppers from Burger King... 
feels like complaining that my leg still hurts bad   BUT I'm looking forward to meeting new folks at our consult tonight!...yes, Panera.
I want Brooklyn Pizza, but I don't wanna walk there 
soooo hungry. I even mapped the route to Tasty Tacos to see how long it would take me to get there....18 minutes one way. 
At IHOP, @ravensredd won't let me have any fun 
shouldnt have eaten that hotdog 
@o_0robertpatt    Noodle neck, my ass!  lol
just finished eating 11 items at Wendys after being challeneged to an eating contest.. 
@CoyoteTrax I've had my Ham Sammich vinyl since yesterday morning, and I've only had the chance to listen to it once. 
Totally not getting to Prawn today 
http://twitpic.com/7o0b4 - ...the closest thing to Ketchup chips I've found in the cali 
This weekend I ate at Mansetti's and the 5-8 Grill.  Mansetti's was pretty good - experience at 5-8 not so good though. 
http://twitpic.com/7o0lu - the closest thing to Ketchup Chips i've found in Cali 
watching chopped....wishing i was a chef 
Just drove past my fav sushi place and my stomach just punched itself in the face.... I miss u Toro Sushi.... 
@sammmbam You went to the Cheesecake factory? 
I'm in pain... Feels like my high school days again... Soup city sweetheart, so sorry 
@rnicole8604 I have no freakin clue. It's some sort of cosmic prank designed to irritate me. Tomato plants are wilty. 
Subway restaurant kicking us out 
Craving Applebee's Shrimp and Parmesan Sirloin, but remembering that Florida is only two months away 
How is KFC out of chicken. What is the world coming too 
Going to grab some $1 any size cokes from McDonalds... I fail at quitting pop 
@epiphanygirl Sushi  I love sushi. Lol
watching top chef..wishing i could cook like them....  oh so sad!!
Postrio's closing?!   http://sf.eater.com/archives/2009/06/17/telling_postrio_goodbye.php
dang-it, didn't get a shirt from Hooters, they had no guy shirts..... 
@lolitacarrico Yum! Sounds good!!! Grocery store sushi for me tonight. 
Going to dinner now. Pizza I think-a-dink. Ubububu. I feel ----&gt;  
@psychoann I've been craving BBQ pork Ramen. Alas, I always want it on Tues, and the store is closed then. 
@joannakrystle  what restaurant are u at?
We survived the Afton diner - taste like Denny's, cost like Outback Steakhouse 
I met a clone of myself once in a deli. I was very sad to find out that he was the original 
Also, ugh @ insanely backed up traffic due to paving. Eff that. I just want to get some Taco Bell and go home 
menu for today at the canteen in Chicken rice...urghhhh borriiiiiiiiing 
why is it so hard to find soy yogurt? We need Whole Foods in every town 
Just found out that my Favorite Pizza place got closed down due to the owner pistol whipping a customer. 
@EmilyOsment Pizza with celery is nothing short of a travesty.  
Chipotle burrito + exhausting cardio = I don't feel so good...  
Food food food food food food food food food food food food food food food food food food food food food too bad I didn't make dessert 
is never eating at Applebees again! Food was unsatisfying and now my stomach hurts 
@literarybug  I'm sure they're just worried about you. Stuffed animals are simple, but a daughter is a little more difficult to replace...
@jaybrannan Aww bb, don't be sad  Eat your FroYo and celebrate that you're on #2. &lt;3
@JamesHoleva omg! Panera's tomato is so so good though! That's all I used to get  I'm lost without it! It's too nice for soup now anyway!
@zhaaazhaaa omg zha! Cheesy beef! I miss grocery shopping+jamaican patties at Greenbelt  I want to do it again.
Is craving Pinkberry right about now 
I wish I could afford to see Giada at Aspen Food and Wine this weekend 
@Yummy_Flaquito me too  play with ur iphone or ur ds tehy both got that game peggle u love
@Lewdogg3 The song you sent me. You sent me Chicken Fried and I couldn't save it.  LAME!!! I need the music.
Baked 2 cheesecakes, both cracked 
Yummy yummy dinner. Didnt get to say gnight to my man though 
just had KFC! 
@AZBlueEyes He is... but they don't make donuts.  Bread, cookies, brownies... etc. Donuts, use different equipment &amp; fryers. Pizza... YAY!
@AshMarie191 ha. I just said you had some KFC. Haha. I know. But you have had some expierence I have had none. 
@Adjey  i miss my bethany. she neeeeds to  be off like the rest of us.
There's a special at the dirty bakers today. Meat loaf. 
@PeanutHazNoName  in Noodles World, the ppl r all wearing yellow to remember yoooh, cept they always wear yellow xD
Does the Pizza Hut ad say &quot;Pizza-Mia&quot; or is that just me going nuts... ooh i need panadol! So sick. 
is anticipating the Jimmy Buffet concert today but really doesn't want it to be raining 
Weisses Hemd - rote Sauce - yeah 
Pot Noodles aren't as spicy as they used to be 
I'm not enjoying my Crunchy Nut Clusters. 
Chicken and Bacon sarnie for lunch. Terminated Orange contract today, load of hassle. No update on the Iphone front 
@anndor That's not good... Eating out was the primary drain on my bank account. 
Eatin a pot of strawberry jelly... Wish I had ice cream!  x
@philwheat The music is fine now, I just want a KFC.... 
@crazeegeekchick Excellent idea. Unfortunately, Krispy Kream is the wrong direction. 
@HelloVeggie vegan bagels?  too bad there are no Panera Breads near me... 
If it's going on like that, I won't make it to the BBQ tonight 
I don't think i can go another day without Chicken Tikka Marsala from Naan and Curry here in Renton 
Bread gives me hiccups. 
I guess no Kolache's...boo 
@stephruiz28 Kolache with mustard 
@Martian68 &quot;The preparation is quite simple: in a water bath can heat, lid open, Cheeseburger enjoy.&quot; 
Chicken biscuit smell on my hand still lingering on hand. Chicken biscuit smell does not want to go away. 
Just got back from shopping for garden stuff. I'm gonna have a glass of Fruit &amp; Barley and continue on with garden work. It's so tiring! 
well ive now got a chest infection, and it hurts like a bitch  I WANT KFC 
Fro yo is no mo...Yogurt Bar on Union will close 6/28 
is craving for Shawarma.  http://plurk.com/p/11y4ih
@vulcansmuse seeing you tweet from bham makes me miss BBQ, sweet tea, and football. 
toojays deli changed their menu... 
I have come to the conclusion that I need a Dunkin Donuts inside my house.  I need more coffee.  
IT BBQ day at the college - currently raining   We'll probably have a late start
I want to go to Pizza Hut 
all i've got to say is, urgh! Soup, hot bath and early night. boo hoo 
Cereal and soy milk all over my keyboard and lap.  Breakfast fail. 
@xxslindyxx we want to see pics of the new Commack Deli! I still think he should have called it Georgie's 
getting ready for work...I'm tired of smelling like fries and looking like I had a fight with a milkshake!! (No not McDonald's hun)  
fried chicken gives me heartburn. I thought it was just Popeye's but I just had some Chicka-Filet-A and my heart is a-burnin'!  
Wordpress tells me I have  [ 11111111111111111111111111111111200 Spam ] messages. Why cant they be real visitor messages 
@dannisaywhat I want BBQ 
WHATEVER WORKS only at 48% on Rotten Tomatoes 
I ate at Taco Salsa (old Rigobertos) yesterday for lunch. Highly recommend the Carne Asada tacos for $2.50 each. HUGE and tasty. No meth 
@askseesmic spam function isn't working as Spam doesn't follow me 
&quot;The 1st 20 ppl 2 whisper &quot;I love Sprinkles&quot; at each Sprinkles store 2day receive a free red velvet!&quot; I wish I was near a Sprinkles 
KFC flavors their grilled chicken with beef? industrial food is so gross  http://tinyurl.com/lqccwb
I'm sore  BBQ at grandma's house later today
The Caribbean Steak Stir Fry over a bed of yellow rice &amp; island chips at Off the Grille in Kendall is the truth. Miss them in Downtown 
There's no panini place by my house  I miss Panera!
Sad to report that Subway has discontinued shredded carrots and Mediterranean salad dressing. What next? Cheese? 
In need of: Beer and Kebab meat. Not going to get it though 
BBQ ended up in the rain 
Wow 4 slices of stuffed crust pizza, wings and now chocolate slice things from Pizza Hut ugh Sopranooo I can't breathe n ima shit myself 
@zanydude  Now that might be a serious problem   Toast it may be then !
Is in mourning over the tragic loss of a dear friend...Chilli's Bar &amp; Restaurant RIP  Gutted
My Macbook just hit the ground  Just met an awesome couple though while discovering the amazingness of Panera Bread
Taco Bell is not conducive to packing your house up what so ever 
@rickandkristen Not a functioning dairy now. Creamery building on farm dates back to 1800's. No cows &amp; subdivision replaced orchard 
Lasagna takes too long to cook 
@happygomarni Subway also got rid of feta cheese 
I'm VERY upset that I missed 25 cent gelato day at Soup &amp; Co. 
BBQ at Roxy's! Last fun day before a whole weekend of work 
Bread of life cancled.  sad day. All well. Small group in seattle sounds fun.
Had the worst dinner ever. China Buffet sucks. Never going again.    Making Velveeta Mac' N' Cheese! Yum!!!
@yeoshina you never came to Mooyah 
@tiffantastic is that the Margarita/Sangria Swirl  at Iguana... Drink another for me!
Cheddar biscuits were so lame this time...they usually are the highlight 
@mariannemarlow Did you want ZERO calorie Banana Bread LOL... I can't help with that 
i jus had to climb into the McD's playgrnd to get bella out cuz she was afraid to go down the slide  i am waaay to big for that
i specifically instructed &quot;tuna for dinner&quot; and what do i get? Chicken 
Applebees gave me the wrong sandwich 
@wafflesgirls they have downsized their menu hugely 
I want to go back to Mallorey's swings hahaha. Sittng at McDonald's. Smell of food makes me sickoooo though! 
@CatGrant2009 LOL I got lucky in not having a sweet tooth. I have a spicy-tooth though. Jalapeno pretzel pieces are my downfall. 
@gfvegYes,I have used the Tinkyada lasagna noodles to make veg lasagna. Yummy. I wasn't able to open ur link  I did pull up ur web site.
Mad at myself 4 missn most of  CiCi's class and wasnt my bubbli mood as usual  next week I'm back on my groove
They cooked Spam for breakfast. I don't eat Spam. I'm stuck with fried eggs. 
Applebees,ha sitting at the same spot 
Going school tomorrow, say goodbye to all my friends!  But, were gonna have a water balloon fight and a BBQ and bonfire tomorrow night! 
I should have guessed. I get a &quot;second chance&quot; for Subway Series tix next weekend, no tix avail under $105/ea Not the way they're playing 
@freshalina  Fresh did u see what @kidfury made us watch on his blog today? 
getting Frozen Yogurt and then watching movies and dreading eliminations for sytycd!!! 
@surewhynot Chicken and salad sandwich   Shoula had Noodles!!!!!!!!!
We passed a Pinkberry and my mom doesn't want to stop 
@colinloretz I miss Sushi Pier 2   I need to go to that place near starbucks on 6th? street
Mmmm.. I feel for Pad Thai..at Sam's Cafe...which is in Merced..Out of my reach at the moment.. 
I need Taco Cabana.....closest one is in Houston 
@MissPhotogenic I missed it the 1st time cuz I was waiting an hour and a half  on Chicken wings!! 
@xoxohans @Lawry156 idk, it's just such a :/ song to me, lol. I tried watching the mv but I got bored 
@sixthseal  grrrr .... thanks for making me more hungry and craving for Unagi  grrrr
@AquaRuby Yummy looking, but I've never seen them in the grocery stores here  I'll have to look better next time I go shopping. Thanks!
These people behind me at IHOP were playing d&amp;d, I wanted to join 
Wingstop, now n later frozen yogurt, a movie turned into a nap, and a long talk.. my last thursday w/ Babe for awhile 
Someone post a bulletin on my myspace that I need someone to take me to IHOP 
@WarrenYip But they can eat all the amazing things any time they want and don't have to waste 1/2 their life at the gym. Craving Shabu 
Today I,m going to chill....haha. Because I,ve a mussel ack all over  Food yesterday was succes(delicious meatballs) mjammm
Midnight(ish) Snack = Carbonara &amp; '99 Bernardenga Rancia Chianti Classico Riserva. The other bottle was corked 
Tip of the hat to Starbucks, for caffeinating me into productive code-a-thons. Wag of the finger to me, for now being so dependent. 
@davidjschneider I wish I was going to McDonalds! I don't think Rexy likes me either 
Just had a rather nice Subway - Quiznos was shut 
Tired!!!  been working, coaching soccer, and getting fire station ready for BBQ fundraiser this weekend. 11-2 on tommorow.
Slightly fragile after last night's gastonomic experience. Food was great but unused to late wine and coffee - uncomfortable night 
Weight Loss Surgery Friendly Recipes: http://tinyurl.com/a78ors Today's Blog: Greek Tortilla Pizza &amp; RIP 
am craving for Dunkin's Iced Coffee. Mom+boyfie don't want to go to Alamanda. Now I wish I'm in JB where Dunkin's just footsteps away 
another day, another quiz...Lehman BBQ postponed on account of rain 
Kitchen manager at work says I flogged 102 curries yesterday. 102 sore arses today... I picked a bad day to go sewer exploring 
Murg tired, that's what you get playing peggle nights till 4am 
@PD78 working this weekend  but got an 18th BBQ to go to, should be a good laugh! What about u?
I feel like having Butter Garlic Squid! 
This is where I planned to get my orgasmic caramel frapp with whipped cream BUT KFC had a huge queue so I'm gonna have to wait till 4:30 
About to upload some pics.. I swear down today has to be a healthy day.. No Burgers/Pizza or Huge Sandwiches..  
Dumplings are harder than you'd think   http://twitpic.com/7sjpa
@ethel_baraona it's too small to read 
I'd love to have a big cup of coffee and some Krispy Kreme donuts this morning.  Too bad that makes me sick.  So I'll just skip it.  
Bojangles line = too long 
regret eating that KFC. coughing non stop now 
I want fishsallad but the pizzeria is closed.  I dislike midsummer, for real
@Cora_Lee I should have asked you to bring me some Pizza Pit I am already hungry 
would love some frozen yoghurt with hot chocolate sauce from Itsu... too far away to go get some 
No more Nestle Tollhouse cookie dough  Pillsbury is better anyway!!
@Lovemealldaylon I got a tooth ache that is preventing me from eatin the Spaghetti I made 
Cooked breakfast for my fiance and now he's off to work  and the rest of the day is fam day with my mommy!!!
Sushi today for lunch but with the rents mmhmm...when is this weather gonna get better 
I want to go to Ichiban for lunch but no one will go!  
Listenin to Meatloaf and checkin out the laydees bleh too bad I can't make myself physically attracted to them 
@marycressler did you see schedule for NYC Food &amp; Wine festival. whoa.  http://tinyurl.com/nt3kyu Bourdain is full 
eating KFC &amp; working on extra credit with @EMiLY673 we miss you @MERRiViNSON 
urgh its 12 36   i have 1 more hr  @ Ihop http://loopt.us/dLUjhw.t
Burnt @PrettyMsP Cheese Grits in the email  lol
I really really wish I lived closer to a Whole Foods. Hour and a half is not an acceptable (one way) driving time just for lunch 
never mind I think I'm going to scratch Ketchup; just took a look at their menu and nothing on there sounds appealing to me 
Going Camping, and has to miss out on Koren BBQ 
http://twitpic.com/7trwm - @kacisloss stole my McD's kids meal toy. when i got it back it was broken 
I guess Subway isn't so fresh after one day. LoL Sandwich is soggy 
French Bread Pizza, why can I never learn that I need to fight the desire to consume you immediately? Every time you burn my mouth. 
I'm a pig today  cake? Samosas? Doughnut? Fml. I guess I have to talk to @AvenueSwank again since I need to bring it!
still waiting for O2 to activate the broadband  On another note the McDonalds' advert with the two guys in the van is funny.
oh joy, have to go to this BBQ i dont wanna go to tomorrow 
Indian food in. One hour later - Indian food out. Tastes great, less filling.  
Not sure what the point is ordering online at Lucille's BBQ when they never enter the order into the system until I'm there.  
@afrobella it will get worse....wait until the Taste next week 
Bistro ac is out 
Cooked beef shanks with onions, garlic, corn, and rice  I should learn how to cook.
There is KFC in the kitchen. The activist inside me is crying. 
Papa found out that i was car shopping. 
@bflay bummer....guess i wont see you at Steak at the borgata.  
misses Vegan food 
getting hungry, were gonna order Chili's for supper again, yummo!! not in the mood to pack just yet! leaving houston in the morning 
Food not cooked by @dragonfaery tastes wrong. She's also wonderful, funny &amp; gorgeous. I'm not going to see her for 10 weeks. 
Downtown shopping! hungry  gna get some Blondies Pizza!
Eating Ramen cause that's the only thing in the house in Ltown 
Walking around the house. Nothing to doooo.  I asked my dad for an M&amp;M McFlurry! Waiting for it now.
dammit. mom made chicken enchilada stuff. i specifically thought she was making the Barbeque chicken and rice fajitas. 
Now I know why I do not frequent Chili's .... It is borderline &quot;aight&quot; at best 
Just got back from hospital. Eating something then bed. Unfortunately, things don't look good. 
 I'm hungry, but I don't want to over draw. Arby's sounds sooo good though.
looks like the crazy-ass rain has finally settled down, unlikely that i will be able to BBQ. 
Food network is making me hungry again 
@russu I think we even have some Western Suburbs Domino's Pizza stores without power 
Food poisoning 
@MaryLikesTrees well now you're just making me feel bad for eating a gluttonous meal at Cheesecake Factory. 
Doesn't like the Cheesecake Factory at all... And doesn't really get people's obsession with it.  blech.
dinner was delicious my cousins grandparents and i went to Sizzlers. YUMMY!! I really dont want our vacation to end 
That's a horrible smell! Cheese 
I miss the KFC in the Philippines!  KFC is different here...
@Arby_K niiiiiiiiiiiiice... man i would really miss tht...  so who all will b there?
I ran out of stuff to BBQ  I want Phil's BBQ right about now!
@snarkysweetness Red Lobster makes me so sick to my stomach every time I eat there. 
@nasty... i mean, @sdwndr &amp; @elrazzle never invite me 2 CiCi's.  @StormyStephen &amp; i, when he comes back, r gonna go do our own thang!!!
Chili Cheese Fries = Your Butthole's Death. 
Oh how I miss Domino magazine... 
Eatin at the habit with some pinkberry on the side lol out an about with the lady.... @sokendrakouture dont be mad anymore 
Why... WHY won't Papa share his Cap'n Crunch with me? 
is at Subway visiting Al, I'm distressed to discover a meatball under the table 
@Chrxs sick sick sick  No more McDonalds ever again. SUBWAY!
I'm craving for a Caramel Sundae &amp; a mango 
@DominicScott didnt I tell you &quot;NO Mcdonalds???? geezus no one listens to poor tj 
I didn't even want KFC 
@Lunchbox1986 sorry to hear that  xo
For some reason it smells like fried chicken.  I want KFC now. 
Now I musst clean my car!!! And I dont like to do it!!!   But this evening we made a Barbecue and I like it!!! 
Smokin alone in my apartment 
Grill &amp; Chill postponed to next saturday  #badweather
I just got a mad craving for sour gummy worms mmmm and a pepsi from Taco Bell mmmm I forgot to eat dinner. I'm starvin marvin right now 
new Nitto Noodle bars on last night, gotta sort the correct position now, which usually takes weeks 
Taco bell closed. Again   Del Taco it is.
At a mates for BBQ and drinks...it's cold 
I guess garlic fries and BBQ chicken pizza washed down with Hef wasn't such a great idea 
This is like so boring. I am supposed to be having a BBQ today but I can't go 
with no football on the TV, I have been reduced to watching Cooking programmes 
Preparations for the BBQ Tonight.. Making my Mothers favourite egg salade and Meatballs  2 bad it rains 2 day  mayB better for Gourmett?
Hungry as Heck, but i'm still on stage Rehersing... so Coffee is my only meal ..  Anyone wana Telepathically send me food?
I think I shd get a microwave oven. Eating out everyday is really not a good idea. 
Getting ready for our BBQ..hoping it doesn't poor too much today 
@markbrown83 BBQ would be good. No veg plot this year - was too lazy  just a few tomatoes. Bit pathetic really.
Lunch without my sweetie  she's probably visited every shop in Milan by now /Grilled Shrimp w/ rice and a scampi starter, yum 
It's pouring out  So much for our plan to attend the Taste of Little Italy street fest! http://www.tasteoflittleitaly.ca/
Potato chips. Nori flavored Potato Chips, that's all I want.  Hungarya akesh!!!
@thelittleidiot  #Teany i'm really sorry for what happened to Teany last night. 
But in fairness: the food in The Healthy Kitchen is yummy. We just had to eat outside. 
@Nabisco0reo yeah 1st iPhone no mms 
@Captive007Latte I feel the same way - have to go and build Ikea stuff now 
It's coming today! It's coming today! Too bad I have a boring family BBQ 
@theBsideOFme a BBQ at my boss' place...in the rain 
Ate something at Cheesecake Factory that hasn't had me feeling too hot since last night 
@JerseyJoeyGirl I wanna rewind &amp; then add going 2 IHOP in there 2 &amp; meeting D-Dub-which we missed out on while waiting for the buses 
@AmeriKanPsyKo when did yall go to Ihop  I'm super sad now!
BBQ's in the rain today 
Having lunch at KFC in peace for probably only the third time ever, haha. No, seriously it's true. 
Really craving Pizza Hut!!  But I am poor this month 
Taco bell 2 days in a row is kicking my ass 
Just havin a family BBQ at ours... Benji has hurt his tale, he hasn't wagged it all day an he's yelping 
@mikeneumann I need Chinese food.  Serious.  Craving &amp; last 2 nights have been Chinese Food FAIL   lol
its raining.   no garage sale today. oh well. time for breakfast and to wake up LuLu.
Stuffed myself so full that i feel sick and ive got a car journey ahead 
Sitting at Taco Bell with my dad and still feeling like I am coming down with a cold... 
Why does the weather have to be so bad? I wanted a BBQ. 
Ahhhhhhhhh where did my half-eaten Subway sandwich go?!? No time for dinner 
BBQ today but it's raining   gonna start choreographing a sun dance.
Taco Bell time -- because I'm hungry and didn't bring my junk food with me. 
@kstock89 IHOP without lauren  im sad hahah call me this weekend giiiiiiirl...p.s. i hope you were drunk ihop isnt the same sober
@shoksyoshi chips and salsa on my couch ... hahahaha it should be at El Burrito, wish I was go there tonight for dinner then out to brick 
Beef w brocoli today... Not the same as last time I had it its actually kinda gross 
heading off to an Epicure party - not buying though.  too broke 
Very disappointed in my Miso Soup 
Last night = Buca, Harlot, karaoke. Super tired today. Suipose to go to Sprinkles today (not getting anything) 
Leeching Panera's wifi since my internet at home is shot 
In line... Baking 
No range today  Just Pool, Beer, and BBQ!!!
Pizza took 2 hours and was cold  rang up and next time it's free
BBQ with the gals&amp;pals. Of course, every fun event is always followed by work 
@derillpounds Egg Drop Soup dude! Sadly it was not for that. And I left my hardboiled eggs at home 
going to a BBQ , but first im going to the gym 
Stuck in Chipotle parking lot Hicksville b/c my driver's side window won't close &amp; it's open all the way. Hungry. 
Just got done eating lunch with @theclairej Chocolate Chippers from Panera rule! Back on my diet Monday 
@piercingwhore @dannii2eyes  I missed my weekend Sushi ladies today!   Where haave you been my entire lifffeee?  x
@TresesPieces But.... I want Pie 
@elythecreep that's why I stick to Dunkin' Donuts.  
Maybe I shouldn't have eaten that McDonalds...now I have a stomach ache!  
Getting an iced coffee from McDonald's cuz That's the closest thing i'll get to starbucks today! 
i miss the old Iron Chef!! 
Absynth is never a good BBQ mixer even with vanilla 
Sliced my finger on a shard of metal..already bled thru one band aid 
i really want McDonalds...but i can't 
@iamdiddy Cooking, but you won't see my tweet. 
I wish I was going to dci.....       Kitchen project is done!  Just in time before a big party     three hours before it started
@jewilliams83 I'm mad cuz I wanted to have my BBQ,  oh well.........
So... IHOP wont hire me... I might have to work at the grocery store...   I dunno...
@dunc No I'm not. I'm unhappy because you didn't invite me for Frito pie. 
@joz 's BBQ...i wanna get in the pool but no bathin suit that fits 
http://twitpic.com/7yarx the pager for Cheesecake factory... 45 mins... 
@goian especially when said food is the fabulous Chipotle!  Awww, man now I really want one! 
im Eating a hamburger. andd... studying for my rel/math exam 
@miah_ It's the closest thing we have here to a Taco John's, which was my favorite Tex-Mex place of all time back home.  
MOMO CRAVE: Spicy, tangy, tasty momos now! But it's half past five in the morning.  #randomfoodcrave
Ugh, Burger King not agreeing with me. Should have listened to those reviews of &quot;Food, Inc&quot; I read today 
@lindss123 aww bummer  well are you at least eating something Yummy for dinner?
I'm totally craving KFC right now  oh noes....
Who's gonna help me cheat and find me a bag of Summer Picnic BBQ Popcorn from Popcorn Indiana? They don't sell it in Miami. 
@cassiesporaa Go to Rockit Bar &amp; Grill and see my favorite actor!  I'm jealous now.  
Saturday night, packing up to leave NY in the morning. Only regret, couldn't make it to IHOP  O how I miss IHOP
Oh right... Dairy hurts the tummy 
i am getting ready to go and see my Papa at his grave tomorrow. Miss u Papa!! 
Ashlee put Easy Cheese in my coffee D: now i have to make more 
Gawwddd. I give up. Eggs hate me   http://twitpic.com/7ypma
Eating mexican instead of middle eastern as the restaurant we wanted to go to is closed. 
BBQ--&gt; Food Drinks but no Blazin Magic sad much 
No more Pocky 
Food network 
is at Applebee's....am missing my father n 
is at Applebee's....am missing my father n law 
Our helper is cooking something that smells real good. Food, i hate you but i want you. 
oh noes, my McD's sweet tea is all gone 
zero-g whiz! wait till they try;) @spacecrazed No mention of @the2suit   Galactic Sex Ducasse Food Entice Astronauts http://is.gd/15JwU
@diamondhead94 There's no need. LOL, but as long as @whiffies will have Marionberry Pies tonight. I'm going! I missed out last night. 
@GreencheeseJo I should get contacts. I forgot my glasses and wanted to get Jamba Juice. The juice person had to read the menu to me 
@junbug80 no the computer is dead. Fried- and of course I didn't back anything up so I need to look for all my favorites again. 
@Killer_Burrito @fletcherfashion I can't right now. I'm in a skype call. 
Today: friends, shopping, a huge wheelbarrow, swimming, chatting, Pizza Hut, finished a book. Ate only junk food, now I feel gross. 
I want Yogurt World. 
@Fretsy you just had to bring up Dunkin Donuts!!!! I don't remember the last time I saw a Dunkin Donuts 
Restaurant spilled food all over my jacket 
Jimmy Buffet was amazing...too bad I had to sacrifice my phone thought 
Potstickers at bjs are really good but they go away fast 
just came back from Sauce in Victoria.... returned to a hotel room with no jelly bellys for turn down service  oh well...
Cooking a Steak and mushroom pie and 2 small apple pies. Comfort food. YUM, good lazy day. watched Marley &amp; me and cried 
Nah, I'm serious. I've already totally cut down on red meat. Chicken should be next. But fish..? 
@KimKardashian Pepsi all the way Kim (but I DID like Vanilla Pepsi before they stopped making it.) 
@KaseyPrewitt Taco bell made me sick once... no delicious for me any more 
@newmediaguy not just pizza...hand made dough, slow cooked sauce, all fresh ingredients. Kids'll prolly say not as good as Dominos 
The porkfloss bun here is nothing like the one I love from Bread Story back home. For this, and many other reasons, I miss home. 
@RunLeah no Hooter's... They closed at 12, we arrived at 12:10...  So we made a Steak n' Shake run... Fresco melts are delish!
@dewchan poor thing  you need a little TLC. Tuna Lunch and Chips! Ew! Doesn't sound good when you are sick XD
I hella hella hella want some McDonalds and some Aliu.. 
Fried breakfast fail. Overcooked the eggs 
Sushi died today 
@menacingpickle I wish Cajun's can be happier than we seem. 
@cuzza I LOVE YOU CUZZA!!!  I wish you could have been at the BBQ   &lt;3
Roast dinner today and I don't feel like eating it 
Wants things with Panini to be okay  @allyzajim
so dissapointed....was watching Master Chef and then lost the station, all I've got is a fuzzy telly 
at the most boring BBQ in the world stuck with old people AND it's raining 
was meant to have a BBQ today but the weather is so bad  What else is there to do ??
I went and got Dunkin Donuts coffee yeah I know I shouldn't but its sooo good and I got hash browns and my puppies aer like wheres mine 
My job sucks  lunchtime already. Soup, yum @mcflyharry #harrymcflytosing x
@r0xii: Food sounds like a good idea. I'm freezing and still waiting 4 summer 2 arrive  
Out to BBQ some ribs, but wished we had the right weather for it! 
Barbecue is done. Now it's study time  No more eating today, going for a jog this afternoon.
Papa's taking too long to go home  The food's cold already 
I'm famished &amp; the pantry is empty. Corned beef and rice?!! BLEK 
Heading to Roadhouse with M&amp;M for last brunch before they leave for their big Alaskan adventure. 
Eatin some ice cream the evil man gave me a small when I payed for a large and made me pay 70p extra 
On the beach. Surf, BBQ but no stinkin' sun.  miso
All I can taste is Mexican Spice Mix!  Ew.
Salad waves   http://yfrog.com/0v1jwj
My hubby and all our friends are having a BBQ whilst i'm stuck at work, they just sent me a pic too, looks delicious. Gutted 
@sirexkathryn u my dear are a veritable font of information! I paid for Spicy Tools - but they dont do it any more 
BBQ in 30 minutes .. bad weather! 
Fetching pop and cobs for BBQ but weather looks poop 
Tempeh has got to be one of the grossest things I've put in my mouth. 
I'm so hungover!!!!!!!!!!!! I went to Burger King for a Whopper &amp; they don't start serving lunch until 11  I'm now back in bed, hungry.
@Bubbalou 35-54 is standard age range on these sites. To marketers, 35-54 is the same demographic.  
not a nice day in Belfast. BBQ cancelled 
Cinnabon's remind me of papa, I miss him. I feel bad for missing fathers and mothers day. But I really wanna do this  Srry lovely parents.
So sleepy after eating at Shoney's. Stomach tight as a drum and about to bust! 
Food posioning smfh 
the diner is jam packed 
@GreenEyedMammi here's the old guy. Salad is coming  http://twitpic.com/847qv
Picked up a McDonald's Fruit 'n Yogurt Parfait for lunch. Container wasn't sealed properly, so I'll be spooning yogurt out of a bag. 
@Amathria I wish we had an IHOP here  it's so tasty...
Subway is always packed 
@sohxcitsxrated if Steak n Shake calls please lemme know. I don't have a phone 
@ambercrumbyy &gt; I got the chicken t.b.m. with tomato basil soup, baby carrots &amp; raspberry tea. Yummy!!! But very small sandwich 
Just ate a Chubby Burger, but now I'm too full to eat the fries   STILL working on my schedule
Waiting for family to meet us at Benihana...i'm hungry 
Hating two things today --Spam via email and spam via twitter when you click a link &amp; get something other than expected 
I have a migraine still  laying down thinking...cats are racing around the house...hungry for DQ rasp. Sundae...hmm http://mypict.me/54O0
Macaroni and cheese=puke. 
I was soooo excited to see that Taco Bell brought back the 89 cent chicken soft taco until I saw that the meat was grayish-green. 
I just found out that Teany burned down. 
@khongster I'm gonna miss the Taste by a few days... So upsetting! 
It's so hot out! Coldstone is gonna be soo busy. 
Just dropped Maws off at the airport for a week away, miss her already 
'Viva Pasta' officially closed?? Say it aint so! 
Really wishing Panera had their tomato soup right now.   What should I have for dinner!!?
Can't decide whether to have Fasta Pasta or Charcoal tonight...I suck at decision making 
I hate you. I'm eating a granola bar and using my awesome imagination to pretend I'm eating a chicken &amp; fig salad. Delicious  @jbogosian
Papa leaves tomorrow  so it wil be a year till i see him again. The secret life started amazing but on jon and kate it is over for them
just discovered that getting Arby's sauce packets thrown out you really hurts  my arm is red and stinging now
Grillin some turkey sausage...  what a day
I'm tired of all the rainy days  I'm freezing... and I'm hungry... Gardenburger &amp; Weeds time! 
Back to work after being sidelined by a Med Rare Ribeye...again. I guess this means no more red meat  Tofurkey sandwich anyone?
Major craving for Thai Express's Beef Noodles 
pondering what to eat for lunch. upset tummy so Chipotle is out. 
I don't believe it's possible to have only one Krispy Kreme Doughnut 
I was contemplating making some BBQ chicken tonight, but realized I don't have any of my fave BBQ sauce. Sadness 
soup for lunch.  Id rather be eating a Taco 
Sushi place forgot to give me my Miso.  No soup for me  #nosoupforyou
My town's McDonalds doesn't carry the Angus Burgers yet. So much for a review this week 
Feeling sick  sitting in a big chair with ginger ale and watching grey's...That should do the trick. BBQ later with everyone &lt;3
@girlygyrldiva I wish I was getting Panera, there isn't one near my job. 
I'm making Guacamole ... but no one's working on the car 
Oh no, Jamba Juice isn't all vegetarian anymore   I don't want to smell chicken when I go to get a smoothie.  #jambafail
@SteveHaweeli  Singing Chef is  green (unrelated to earlier posts): jealous of HamptonsTweetUP since you will be there 
I has a perfect Smitten Kitchen/Wednesday Chef mac &amp; cheese ready for the oven tonight, and then the oven went on strike. 
just used my last free Frappe coupon    They are so tasty and getting them for free was awesome!
Tried out Acadian Bakery for lunch upon @houston_foodie's encouragement (http://is.gd/1aK8c). Cheeseburger was OK. Fudge was terrible.  
My nose is runny  I need sumone to take care of me. Chicken soup, theraflu, anything.
Kelly's goodbye brunch at Toast. 
Eating at Arbys 
Beef jerky for lunch  no time to step away from the office today!!!
damn! forgot my lunch at home!  Subway again... 
Just saw the Kentucky Grilled Chicken commercial. I scary 
@courosa I love Ketchup chips!!!  I always have my Canadian friends bring them over when they come, too!  Wish we had good ones here 
@SeattleRealEst8 439 calories; 28 grams of fat; 41.7 carbs...  by by Mexi-Fry.
I can't quit you, Cheez-it. 
Just ate Taco Bell - now my stomach is upset - 
@SandyLambright taco diner just isn't the same without you... 
Chopsticks and I really don't get along  I fail at being asian
McDonald's gave me french fries... Now, I have to eat them. I just wanted some apple dippers. 
McDonald's gave me french fries... Now, I have to eat them. I just wanted some apple dippers. 
Food time!!! I didn't have lunch 
taking a hiatus from my blog..in pther words i dont have internet for the next 2/3 days..thats y i havent got to review CiCi's new video 
i am very upset with Yogurtland. they didnt have pineapple tart!  i hope they didnt remove it permanently
Someone bring me Taco Bell! 
I'm sorry Dominos.. i ordered Pizza Hut tonight and boy did we regret it!  Wrong pizza + not having some of our food = rubbish 
@BeckyBuckwild I think I'm gonna start doing Taco Tuesday. All I have is Taco Bell though. 
Its gonna be sad when I tune into The Soup this friday and there is no more creepy flesh colored beard bashing!  I really hate CFCBs h ...
@Deegee_Cakes i asked if you were busy someday last week cause i was off but you didn't respond 
I am so unfriendly when I'm hungry...and I have no taste for anything...not even BBQ right now... 
Why do random women  who are &quot;hot hot hot&quot; feel the need to follow me? Spam on twitter 
@DavidArchie hmmm. noted. but i dont think we have Tandoor here in the phils.   we do have some gooood indian restos here tho.
Sushi today again  - http://tweet.sg
Phillies lost  going to bed. Ihop in the am with my love
I'm craving Sushi and Jamba Juice!!!  I miss LA
@jenamo Are you and @cchard at Steak n Shake?? 
@andrawatkinscmc ha!  true... well, if you feel better, I was doing good, came home and my stepson had Taco Bell..yeah, I had a little 
I'm craving Sushi and Jamba Juice!!!  I miss LA
Another fail! The kitchen is closed at Cluricaune  went to Subway, now going to bed.
Revenge of the McDonald's. I kind of feel like I'm dying right now. 
Stuffed pizza rolls... Yummy!  to all the stuff i can't eat!
I want to go to the Taste this weekend, but I have a lot of hw. 
Goddammit. Have I not been out at the shops for so long? Sushi Tei is no longer at Paragon. 
@mileycyrus Hey, we have Sushi in Savannah! Jamba Juice...not so much. 
Closest thing to Cheese and Crackers were Combos at the Courtyard Mariott Market   oh how @matthewgolden has rubbed off on me lol
Cooked maggie mee while brushing my teeth, end up swallowing toothpaste. 
Awoken at 12:28 a.m. Chemical spill. Not as big as first seemed. Quick breakfast of raw almonds, string cheese stick, and Craisins. Yum! 
So earlier I ate Burger King &amp; it was so good but NOW I feel sick 
@gingerphoto we'll have to reschedule... maybe Cami Cakes so we can hop over to Starbucks. This place had good lattes, but nothing iced! 
Baked potato, fruit juice, crysanthemum tea, and yoghurt 
Elbert's Cheesesteak Sandwiches in Rockwell . . .  a little bland 
No Burgers before 10.30 AM at McD's cause of the Breakfast-Special 
I'm craving Sushi and Jamba Juice!!!  I miss LA
Gardening at a cost!  Sliced my hand a few days ago and now tweaked my back, must be getting old 
The Menu button on my mac remote tells my smoke detector to check if it's working, meaning it screams and yells at me for about a minute. 
http://twitpic.com/8cxf3 - Prawn chip. I need to hit the gym 
Master Chef is going to be so sad tonight. 
McDo has twister fries again! I want! It was too late for us to go back when i saw the sign. 
had the first and probably last G&amp;T last night  BBQ beef super noodles for breakfast  mmmmm!
i have such a craving for a Chicken Tikka Masala. i really really want one 
Just got out of the GP's, no more Sweets n Chocolate/Cake n proper Meat till further notice, looks like I should just become a vegetarian 
I want a strawberry milkshake from Mcdonalds, shame i cant get there 
is watching Robot Chicken. I just want to go too bed 
Pot Noodle for lunch...How healthy,,,I hate myself 
Wtf Bagel Factory, I said no tomatoes twice 
yummers, just eaten my Krispy Kreme treat M brought back from London. So goood! We don't 'ave noe Krispy Kreme down 'ere in the badlands 
@AAA_Amerah - We don't have a BK here in ALgonac. We have McDonald's, KFC and Taco Bell. Had a Wendy's, but they shut down. Sad. 
Grill in the oven is almost as good as on a grill. But I have no yard to grill in 
@fandang probably because of all the Tabasco and Kikkoman 
No more BBQ!  It was really popular!!
Taverna Opa! was DELICIOUS. I reallllly need to get back to running again. Miami is on a mission to make me pleasantly plump. 
I'm craving Sushi and Jamba Juice!!!  I miss LA
Suddenly wishing that we had a Taco Bell here.   I want tacos and quesadillas.
Beach is nice. Fried like a lobster 
doesn't really want to work for 9 and a half hours tomorrow. Just wants to spend a proper day with her baby.  Pancakes smelling good!
@katieallover have an INSANE time tonight! I wish I could go.  I'll eat a huge burrito for you at Chipotle!
@7angela7 I don't eat seafood or pork.  I'm sure they got some big 'ole Beef?! LOL
I'm craving Sushi and Jamba Juice!!! 
Wishing this old Frozen Coffee in may car wasn't.........old........I'm thirsty 
has feed everyone in the house but herself.. Not liking what's left... Eggs, yuck! That also means having to clean a pan after 
- Subway was a bad choice 
Domino just killed a baby mouse. 
I'm craving Sushi and Jamba Juice!!!  I miss LA
after I tweeted my Buffet quote below, preggogals and ParentingHandA started following me.   
i want Domino's pizza. but they dont deliver to my house and my mums car's not working. fabulous! 
@mageofzhalfir Muh. When I drove by McDonalds, I only had 50 pesos left in my wallet so I had to buy the Chicken Fillet meal lang. Fail. 
I haven't eaten yettt  Food, where are you?
@karanbir Excuse me? 3 yrs ago you were all over Subway's nuts  Indian Restaurant, cuz all these years I still haven't been to one.
I  just made the most amazing Banana Bread 
@jhayu Here's one more. I have Maggi Noodles 
@maikoann Yummy caramel latte goodness - mum you've got me onto something here!! LOL  http://twitpic.com/2y5cy
Meatloaf- I love it! 
@bkGirlFriday i'd have to guess it's food-related: pixie stix or maybe  ... a Hostess treat like ding-dongs? 
Potato Chips, pllleeeeaaasssseee. 
@shaundiviney Pizza is awesome 
I really like the Special K Cereal Bar. YUM!  (And only 90 cals)
@NacMacFeegle I tend to bite the top off, lick it out then eat it. Delicious indeed 
Mmm BBQ chicken. BBQ fish. BBQ shrimp. Philipino garlic sweet peanuts. Doesn't get any better on a beautiful balcony 
@Stew I forwarded the link directly to our IT 
Looking for help on testing Prawn PDFs with Cucumber. All i can find is Prawn and Cucumber salad recipes!  http://tinyurl.com/cnnn6z
Chicken Roll menu for luch today..  I  know, not very healthy, but from time to time it's not that bad..  
Maybe it's time to start planning that photography BBQ I've been thinking about 
@mmjm3 I don't have any money but I can offer you some lunch if you like? Pesto pasta and chicken  Worth more than a desk anytime!
Hot &amp; Spicy Chicken - is there any other kind!!  
Ecstatic that Wal-Mart now carries Sambazon!!! 
Belgain Waffles at the Plate 
has discovered a great radio station! 102.7 Fresh...smells like spring! 
is strongly considering going to see Hotels @ Chop Suey tonight 
@thepioneerwoman does this mean I shouldn't make Velveeta Cheese and Shells now? 
Hungry. THIS is what I had for lunch on Saturday. Craving it again.  http://twitpic.com/2yib8 From Molly's Cupcakes near Wrigley
@AJQ_10 I was pleasantly surprised, it came in a Mint Vinaigrette dressing, very tasty indeed! Kudos tae Asdas! 
@bijuho Toast to recession, Toast to your trip 
@RyGuy2Fresh it was good 
Having lunch at PeriPeri Chicken now  yum yum pumpkin soup!
had dinner at Chili's with my man 
just at some Tacos al Carbon! yum.now... watching Frasier with my mom and sis... 
Mmmm... Tesco Value Jaffa Cakes are actually quite yummy! 
working the first BBQ of the summer  soo nice out...then reeef
@jimmyfallon I'm sure he would have much rather had a golden Turducken.  
Pancake house!! 
about to leave for Pita Pit, then off to meet 3oh!3 
Panchos with the Mortons. 
Pleasantly surprised to find that Snowdonia Cheese Co have an online shop. Guess it's another thing to add to payday shopping 
@having Pizza in den 12 Aposteln nach dem Salsa Kurs 
Going to IHOP! Rofl, I haven't had IHOP since I was in Daytona 
@Yummy_Flaquito thanks I just hope the rest of today goes better 
Getting ready to eat some Imos Pizza 
Mmmmmmm chicken, I love to Chicken 
Out in the city on my way to the nail salon  and Jamba Juice
Having Barbecue soon  Yummy!!!!! X
Today If worked 9 hours and now I'm just chill a lil bit and eat Spaghetti Bolognese  Self made,of course... Yummi &lt;3
French Toast w/ bacon and strawberries for breakfast yum 
Bagel with peanutbutter. Yummy 
@chrisloft Subway - more healthy. it's a no-brainer 
Laundry. Dishes. Deck cleaning. Virtuality. Sonic Boom. Propane. Beers. BBQ. Boozin. Join me 
Going out to Panera. 
@herodesign haha yes, that was our white car. Donut wheel back to buffalo 
@marmadukey Chicken and Mushroom Pot Noodle here too  Glad you're happier today.
@issaqandil LOL I know, had to give u a hard time though ;) I am good..beautiful day here.. 80*  &amp; on the way to meetup BBQ w/ 500 ppl  u?
@stark23x Oooo! Pizza tonight? SCORE. 
Cheesecake  http://twitpic.com/3js6u
Aw... Waffle fell asleep on me 
Taste the rainbow of fruit flavour 
I think I deserve Chipotle on a lazy day like this 
Ramen Noodles ---- http://tinyurl.com/cnk63d What I believe is the unsung hero of the recession &amp; my college days 
What a dilemaa. Thai Cafe now finallly 
http://twitpic.com/3k02s - Soup, etc. At the mongolian grill. 
@LizUK that's a talent I didn't know you wanted/had - remind me not to upset you in a chinese restaurant 
Hey @ClintRutkas @dianecu @jimpink did you see the Southern Sushi that @pbarone linked to?  http://bit.ly/16JR0g That I could eat. 
Off to hang out with friends. Food then debauchery. 
With the family having a BBQ 
Hometown Buffet... Fueling up for the next couple days! 
Cookin because its a nice day out....grill time 
Dunkin donuts coffe with extra cream! 
http://twitpic.com/3k8q4 - Eating @ Sushi Palace instead. 
Having a healthy Meal Today. Chicken Alfredo pasta with Vegetables. Along with with sum Apple duce!! 
Pork chops and rice tonight, mmm 
Arby's or McDonald's? Quick, quick 
I'm cleaning up my room tonight, top to bottom. I finally have both the time AND motivation. Pizza, music, laundry, and organizing! 
@rayfilwong Sushi is bomb!! 
Nevermind....all hail Taco Cabana instead! 
Eatin' my favourite patato chips  ... Mexican Chili !!!
Probably the best and worst dinner ever..BBQ and Scoop of ice cream and a right out of the oven cookie! 
Yummy Yummy Reeses Pieces on movie theater popcorn hella good. 
Yummm full from grazzie and demetres with the girlies &amp; @cherylho 
Good Dinner. Spicy Noodles are the best. Skating was good today  Tre flips!  &quot;Let me take your coat and your keys and this car&quot;
Chicken nuggets and kool aid. Midnight snack  perfect
IHOP with the girls  lots of fun
@shonjay  I'd often passed by that place...and well I guess u never know until you try them. I'm glad you enjoyed your Sushi.
@iEllie come on starbucks its my kind of class  Dunkin is so passe compose (lol made up my own cliche)
Waffle house 
@saarasaurus welcome to the world of twitter, Saranara Sauce 
Pizza competition tomorrow at Fairgrounds, 18 pieces for me! I am about to smash on some pizza 
Ramen Noodle is the bees knees! 
At one of my fave places! Wingstop! 
Eating Taco Bell in bed 
Eatin skyline dip 
is distracted by Robot Chicken.  
@smilyross sounds like you had a good weekend!  how was the BBQ??
@fogfish oooh, that's good company I keep. Eat THAI food b4 bed -dream of   me &amp; ice cream. Delish! 
@Harith what's he gonna star in? American Pie 4? 
And don't eeeven say some Ramen Noodles either guys !  I've been to college, bc I've totally lived off the mutha effers for too long 
@jennnnel probably eat Korean BBQ at least 3 times a month now.  
will have Double Cheeseburger Deluxe, large fries, and oreo hot caramel delivered! 
eating gold fish :0 Yummy 
banana milk. Yoghurt. Bacon on toast. 
@dineeden Toto likes Taco bell too!   and so do i. I hope they have chili cheese burritos tonight!
mmmmm..just made Chicken 'n' vegie soup 
Bread is complete  http://twitpic.com/3l430
@gawatt Just to see my dad &amp; Nonna for the day.  
@aussiecynic Hot cake out of oven and cream LOL  Yummy!
Barbeque Power :X Out to the woods... fresh air 
Pancakes anyone? 
@JuliaParsons thank's  hope you'll enjoy the BBQ 
Pizza for breakfast i think. Then i might watch twilight  x
Waiting for dinner to finish cooking... Satay pizza 
I tried the Hazelnut Brownie. Generous amounts of brownies. Yum 
went to McDonalds just now with Shab nd her Boyf . 
Yummy  RUSKS! x
Now I'm in a BBQ It's A W E S O M E!! Twitter for phone is great  tonight I'll upload the BBQ photos. Love xxx
On way to friends for BBQ  paaarty 
BBQ was awesome last nite  Besters has just gone home after a sleepover at mine last nite  Filmed the hoedown throwdown haha 
is having an actual BBQ 
@Rowdyeh Eating chocolate's the first, right 
Putting the Icing on the Cakes 
is going to have Pizza then going town 
@JessicaRW I love ya.  wanna come round mine later? I think we're having a BBQ. hellzzz yeah.
Waiting for my BBQ!!! 
has just finished his Nandos Chicken pitta... Enjoying a beer and the sunshine... 
...of course the remote is on the opp side of the room.  Food channel entertains for only so long 
Im in need of good,proper,REAL food.im Vanting Burgers,Pizzas,all the junk.It makes me 
Is headed to bed! Lasagna for dinner tonight! Woohoo! 
@mahadewa Mimpinya sih mo bikin kyk Crash Test Kitchen  re:cooking   video http://tinyurl.com/dkkhf8
is enjoyin a Venti Regular Pike Place Roast Coffee! 
If you look close, you can see me standing behind the left bit of pineapple, got a BBQ today, put this on stereo  http://bit.ly/sDQk
Brunch soon! Yummy 
is at Panera, enjoying a nice warm Hazelnut Cappuccino and an Orange scone 
Barbeque on the balcony 
is home and having a BBQ 
@markbaars Order a Pizza thats sounds good too me 
Yummm...having some dunkin donuts coffee, my favorite in the world! 
I went looking for my phone and all over the house I found about 2 dollars of loose change! Perfect Taco Bell commercial 
@TidyCat Eggs, Yogurt and a Banana. Sorry....no Nutella or Bacon on the menu today. 
Burger and chips  tasty!
At IHOP with hubby 
Yum, nothing like a Reese's Peanut Butter Cup sundae from Baskin Robbins for lunch 
http://twitpic.com/3ln9k - pre-BBQ, time to make some fire 
out of church going to Culvers for lunch 
is going to a BBQ...in the rain  haha until 2, and then work work work!
if making Veggie Pizza for Terri's baby shower (too bad i cant have any ~vegan in training~) About to head there in 2hrs 
Out at a BBQ with Alee and the italians  painting my room after! &lt;3
Making Broccoli and Cheddar Soup to take to hubby's cousin, she loves it and going to Kade's Birthday Party today 
@stormkitten  I have a Taco Bell next to my shop - I just don't know how you can be craving it - HAHA!  Of Course I smell it every day 
Eating at the Chase Smokehouse 
Lettuce, spring onion, baby tomatoes and cheddar cheese, all between too thick slices of bread... lovely 
Chilling in my garden wit everyone  Eating Nachos n cheese  Ha
BBQ today with everyone  yay
Going to eat at Chili's with mom and sis. 
Is home with Travis and eating Cinnabon! YUM 
Is eating hibachi 
Potato Chips by Slim Gaillard is such a great song 
@sugarpopnyc About burgers?  That's what I'm thinking!!  
Homemade mango pineapple &amp; black bean guac with blue moon on this sunny day in the park 
Getting ready to go to a BBQ 
Havin a BBQ for supper! 
Gingery porky noodle..ys. Yummy yummy yumyums. So much cooking over the last week - curry from scratch, french pork casserole, noodleys 
KFC have grilled chicken now 
@LuLu_1989 tru tru next time im goin 
Aaaaaaand first ever Rotten Tomatoes review... submitted!   http://tinyurl.com/dyzwl8
Bike ride BBQ naked time good day almost time for sleep 
@jordanknight you need to sing Truck &amp; Fish on the summer tour! 
@jeffrubenstein are you willing to share your Jaffa Cakes at E3? 
@HordersHelper Of course I have. Meals listed, ingredients bought. Meat marinating 
Still Eastre celebration  thinking to go to BBQ but the weather is cold 
@mscarlamaria hahaha i just twittered my friend a message to you baby! Ahahaha. Cheese fries up in dis!  xo
@becklyn13 Yes. I will celebrate with a footlong Subway Melt. 
gorgeous day  BBQ for tea and song writing sesh....good times 
Looooves Whataburger fries at 3am!!!! 
Shredded Rattlesnake with Chipotle sauce and nachos, anyone? 
Home now - about to put on the latest episode of The Simpsons and eat the Triple Fillet Bondi Burger meal I got on the way home.... 
@etis Sababa, don't forget to arrange parking spots as well 
@burnbay sweet.. have a taste for the BBQ now .. so need to keep that 
Hola!! Sunny day! Think I may have a BBQ later! 
Crunchy-nutted (as tom would say), and now im twittering 
@LowcountryBBQ good morning!  You hVe me thinking #BBQ already... 
@HelenMarie21  I'm getting nervous but strangely excited. Lunch menu = Chicken Wrap, 1 plum, 2 kiwi, 1 yoghurt. Spin and run 2night 
Eating mac 'n cheese  With mozarella  Yumm 
Check this video out -- Cooking Kitty http://tinyurl.com/cncb6t By the Veggie society trying to put people of meat 
excited to get my course cards tom! Haha. Eating dinner 
@bigal709 lazy sunday afternoon with some top food in a beer garden .... i know someone with an industrial BBQ too !! 
@whatsnext  I am glad that Domino's took action against those guys - still ultra gross but I guess I could give them another try 
@KennyMilliner  i think you made a typo.. don't you mean Domino 
Food time 
Thanks to Pillsbury I can enjoy healthy oven baked biscuits everyday  http://mobypicture.com/?w1qszt
@blaisegomez Cheers to that. Icecream party anyone?? 
Stuffed with foods, just finished mi brelubener - missed breakfast &amp; lunch, but yet dinner. 
Throw away old packet of Snack Crackers, open new one. This is the shit, yo... @Dili House is back on the 27th... 
@AFineFrenzy Eating more fresh veggies and fruits will make you feel good. And you can do it with lesser guilt too. 
@Fuzzie_74  haha.  I didn't eat as much as you though.  I had a Hamburger without onion, large fries, bbq sauce and lemonade  Burp ;)
YEW!!! Pizza and new hair 
Homemade chocolate cookies at 3am rock 
@KristenChanel totally! whole day err!!  Snack, snack!
@Bergting that will just be because McDonalds will have hired you to paint Ronald McDonald and the Hamburger theif on the walls 
@jason_pollock but concept kills one's appetite a bit.cute mouse playing around the house ok, but in a kitchen as a chef ? Tasting Soup ? 
weeeeeeew, making burritos 
Starting work on a GAMESTATE tracker.  This will make sure that things stay on track   Menus will pop up when they are supposed to etc.
is home now. Cooking Pho. Perfect for a rainy evening.   http://plurk.com/p/pbwog
Guys Avocado, Ham and Cheese, Toasted then grilled on an English muffin. Freaking Awesome.  Hudson The Chef.
search Clairey Ketchup and add me to facebook  everyone please!
Mmm... Honey butter BBQ wings from bar-bill are spectacular 
I am at Cheesecake factory yay! 
@bgarrett1960 btw...I have Cheese Cake Factory cheesecake! YUMMY would you like a sliver? 
Salad and mai tai's  by the pool 
Tiredddddd but have to cure my hunger first... Garlic Bread &amp; Smiley Faces 
Eatin brekky at a bite to eat yummy in my tummy 
http://twitpic.com/4dvuc - Mmmm....Subway! 
watching The Soup, been a fun day 
@pamslim Cooking and changing the world - my idea of a good time! 
@Raznwlvs BBQ...I love BBQ Pringles.   I also tried the Limited time flavor..Mozzarella sticks and Marinara.. Mmmm...mmm...mmm!
Is at American Grill with Welliam...salad time! 
Chicken rice for lunch  Oops I'm so full.
I am so drained from Fresh Meat  But in a good way.
Waffle house 
Yummy  rb@PeterPayola ~ how the furball ?  ? http://blip.fm/~5eh2b
doing a book about What's Eating Gilbert Grape and listening to my three bands 
Yummm carls jr 
@nnorafiza Aw hell, I already had McD's Iced Coffee. LOL Now, I've moved onto all the ice cream in the house. 
Morning! 6h until BBQ! 
Having a very late lunch at Gourmet's Tagaytay. 
@spphotoart  freeze the Bojangles off a brass monkey tonight..
This is for @sdweathers and @stinson; Subway in B1 Raffles city as of right now    http://twitpic.com/4e5sj
Lovely sunny morning, chores, shopping then BBQ by the lake 
Had a wonderful friday night with Stefani. Starbucks. Dinner at Chili's. Dessert at Mac Grill. Horrible movie. Lots of girl talk. 
@davidcoallier 1 at the Cakery 
...Muahahahahaha Yumm Yumm Donuts right nooooooooow 
@klustout Are you taking orders now? I'll have a Memphis BBQ Chicken Pizza 
@kashaziz As long as the cooks know how to make Nihari, Chicken Tikka Masala, etc 
We had such a good BBQ yesterday...and tomorrow well have another one 
At the Panera Bread waiting for the rest of the guys.  
Kaffee und Muffins 
Mmm, chicken and avocado sub and Diet Coke. Best lunch ever 
is having a BBQ today 
@MosaicVT %#^*!!!! how come I did not know about this.  I use to feed u at GEn Conf BBQ.  Total betrayal 
@PJWalter actually I think it was your Pizza Rustica or Torta or something (pie-like) that I want 
In McDonalds with my nephews eating happy meal. Whoop whoop 
Cooking dinner before the hubby goes marshalling at a midnight walk tonight. Roast chicken with chips, veg and gravy. Yummy! 
Fabulous day to hang at the Lake, BBQ, and watch peeps!!!    YAY!!!!!  
@SnkrPhrk sounds like a match made in heaven. haha btw mr.cuervo is a beautiful man-Ritas, TequilaSunrise &amp; shots can make any nite right 
@Sauce2u I will have enough time for food and drinks in chicago before I jump on a Southwest flight home just  there for food and drinks  
sleeping in is lovely, but it would be more so if my husband didn't snore  Eating, showering, then babysitting all afternoon.
Having a quick BBQ 
Going to go shopping and eat at The Cheesecake Factory with girlfriends! 
@ddlovato el Taco Bell is everywhere you go!! well, at least here in mexico, in all the shopping malls 
Waked and Baked 
Jamba Juice have the best oatmeal! 
BBQ's up and running, cracking open the beer, no more posts 'till I'm sober again 
@_niki_stardust_ 3 hours ago @butteraSEXYHORE hey Butter!!  howz ma sis doin?! 
@TheMochaPeach lol no grills up north 
hey tweets, how nice has the weather been today lol, got the BBQ out and everything, just been looking at cars, really want one lol 
@ChrissyEF It would take actual Dunkin Donuts to motivate me to clean. More power to you if just coffee does the trick 
BBQ with wife and friends... it`s gonna be a great evening for sure 
@bohemiancheph Sushi would be fantastic, but already enjoyed twice this week! (in moderation) &amp; replace potting flowers w. piano playing 
is going back to eating (and becoming) #pork. Who cares about the #swine #flu when you got delicious #BBQ to go along with't? 
Chipotle for lunch... Excellent 
Fly-in Pancake breakfast seemed to be a big success this morning 
@OahuAJ @nerdseyeview Aloha ya'll! #SOBCon dinner party at Morton's Steakhouse 
@junkprints Guac and spicy sauce! 
@ a BBQ &amp; debating whether or not to have an alcoholic beverage...oh why not. 
Too much to drink.. Ihop with bo. 
BBQ for my dads bday!!! 
@springcreekbg They do make Diet Cheerwine.  
Today marks 6 months of marital bliss between me and @Vegan_Cupcake! I am one lucky SOB. 
Cooking Burgers on the Grill for dinner right now as I tweet along 
And finally decided...Quiznos it is. Second sandwich for the day (had one for brekkie earlier). How 'bout that? 
@amychorew Lasagna planting?? And here I was slaving over a hot stove cooking it all these years!! 
@shopmollyd I will! Having one soon with my Jack Daniels Shrimp Kabobs 
making my first home made vegan dish! Tofu Quiche with leeks and asparagus! Hopefully it turns out GREAT! 
You know what sounds good, Pancakes!!!!! 
but at least I got my hotdog 
waiting for friends at a mall. Krispy Kreme Iced coffee and donuts while wifi-ing  Yum!     The Paquiao -... http://tinyurl.com/c94mnh
@rachaelraycom I can't stop making Rach's  Fennel Pepper Pasta! It is the best pasta dish E-V-E-R!!  Thanks Rach 
@applecoconut Now I have the urge to watch the hamster on a piano. Eating popcorn. &amp; if you get bored you should watch Sel's video 
@brownbugz haha I ate one of them Burger King Cheeseburgers after almost 100 miles before 
Is going shopping wahoo 
Goooood morning tweedeledidies! I've woke up this morning and I had an weird dream, I was in Space eating Pizza! 
Garlic bread delivery from my cousin.  Yummy!
@DavidArchie do you remember me?  Spicy Nacho? does that ring a bell to you? Medal?!? Haha...in singapore....98.7fm?!?! 
@socalpie You're always welcome pretty-Pie... I &lt;3 you 
MickeyD, offcourse  Royal Menu, some Nuggets and new Fresh cheese. Yummy fats 
Just got back from picking my sister up from work @ KFC, she got me a large popcorn chicken and a choc moose. She loves me! 
Barbecue on the roof! 
@CatherineOmega Snicker. 
great weekend with great BBQ party 
@hannahdotp no problem. There is mapmyrun too, looks exactly the same with different colours.  Calorie counters and everything on both.
http://twitpic.com/4h2lg - Eating this delectable chocodate 
@calebo er,,, ok its Breaded Squid with rocket and pear salad 
Preparing my BBQ and fries.  Yummy! ;)
\Eatin breakfast, gettin ready, then off to church. 
Says, hello my friend &quot;Triple Venti Nonfat Caramel Macchiato&quot; from Starbucks....now I can really wake up.   Race starts in 1/2 hr.
now about to BBQ it up in sun 
@Tuna used to scare me as a child just thinking about it, literally. Now I find comfort in a stocked pantry  no biggie really.
Off to beach soon  Flatbreads were tooooo fit!
Pizza and ice-cream, a perfect end to the weekend. 
@jonathankochis LOL about the &quot;short&quot; 25k ride. I think half the people on Twitter just dropped their Egg McMuffins!  
The only thing I like about McDonalds: the free wifi 
Chocolate chip muffin from Dunkin Donuts. Yummy. 
Just arrived in Delft &amp; Wendy's only minutes away  Going to a BBQ with some friends later
Going to pick up rent checks, a walk on the beach then to mama's house for Lasagna  yummy what are you up to?
Waiting for Ry to bring me my left over pizza from California Pizza Kitchen 
@Leshansom yeah, where did I put my green jacket LOL , it's ok, I'm ok really!! BBQ is keeping me toastie 
Cooking up some nice Eggs, Bacon &amp; Toast for breakfast 
Eatin. Mk hungry   (like a cop car)
@Chickie06 glad you had a good weekend too 
@choochootheband Food is always good. 
@deighe_d lmao, thought you said &quot;see you in KFC&quot; 
@TeaN_Toast it was so great to meet you as well!  definitely drop me a line if you*re ever / when you*re ever in tx! ... do you go to acl?
Eatin' Breakfast 
My breakfast... Lowfat blueberry muffin.. Peaches .. Oatmeal... Fat free milk, decaf tea 
Eating French Toast and Sausage Links. 
Just had Ham &amp;&amp; Egg Sandwich for midnight snack. 
Here @ church on this rainy, cold morning. Fresh-baked cookies on the counter 
u know what i want? Cake! and u know what kind? BAKED ALASKA!  I wish..xD
@jessicalmiller Bread co has free wifi and empty tables 
Nothing more perfect on a sunny day than the smell of ribs and steak sizzling on the grill! Yummy 
Eating a Cheesburger Pizza from Dominoes... Quite yummy! 
hmmmmm...Lasagna for dinner? i think so 
is cooking dinner Pork loin http://tinyurl.com/BFPIrpl Roasted Potatoes http://tinyurl.com/BFPIrpg apologies to my piggy friends.  
been here at my BBQ for an hour and all this time @briansmack was right across from us. ha ha small world huh? 
@drbridge You have trumped my half a DiGiorno's pizza tonight 
@THAREALYUKMOUTH  Steak &amp; Lobster sounds good 
I love bean soup AND ham shank!  Yummy.  I will be hungry in four hours, midnight snack!  
had a personal pan pizza, breadsticks, and a taco for dinner. Love Taco Bell/Pizza Hut Combo. I'm fat, but fulfilled 
Stuffed to the brim with pizza pi 
DING~ ~ time for big Chicken Cesar salad w/sour dough croutons....aahhhhh, YUM!!   i'm starvin'!!  
Factory Mud Pie at The Cheesecake Factory. Yumm babayyy. 
Cubano dinner party! And watching Jerry McGuire. Sangria &amp; medianoche sandwiches = awesome! 
@Ichiban5 great quote 
@RavenousReadr Chicken. I don't eat much steak. 
Pool and BBQ with the fam bam. Sooo much better then history. 
Homemade cookiesncreme neva tasted sooooo good  still contemplatin goin dread!! T minus 19daiz!
@stinkyshelby hey girl, so I was thinking today about Whopper candy and I always wasnt to call the Milted Malk balls. &amp; thought of you 
Just had Chili's 
one of my all-time favorite lunches. Tuna Pasta!! Thanks Lucienne 
KFC witness protection program - ROTFLX2  http://bit.ly/x0RdQ
@NexyMLG Stacked Subs down here in Florida would have won that easier. 3$ for a footlong Ham and Cheese. It's good too, deli quality. 
saw Wolverine this weekend. went to sushi and treated myself. also splurged on Krispy Kreme donuts.  now i'm here with nothing to do.
@maudelynn @meggytron Spam Spam Spam Spam LOVELY SPAAAAAAAM wonderful spaaaaaaaaaaaaaaam  (sorry I had to ;-)
Time to work out. . . I ate WAYYYY too much Cheesecake this weekend. Yuummm Yumm. 
Iron Chef secret ingredient tonight? Spinach. I can roll with that 
@fragthought lol. Yummy.... 
Food then bed 
@JayneCannon What time are you serving the kake and are you serving a wonderful dark french roast with it? Yummy 
@BradEYoung it's an awesome vegetarian restaurant down the street from me! I'm sure i've told u about it. You need to try it 
@libbyoliver morning libs. hope the rain clears so you can dust the BBQ off 
@Veggie_ thatd be likely, bein that i lived on campus ha...i just moved back to the cov 
Its a real shame that its not nice and sunny outside, it would of been nice to have another BBQ  NVM.... 
@tomatosponge hey, no we were second, kind sad, but it's ok   guitar, guitar, guitar  BBQ and good time  what about you&gt;?
@botse that's a very cute picture ... but you don't get fat from licking BBQs ... he must have found some chops on someone else's ... 
@LovefromNaja Fresh change from hearing i write sins hey!!?? Not that theres anything wrong with that! 
Listening to the simply awesome Ratatat on a bank holiday monday before a BBQ later  http://bit.ly/gJqSh
Order Pizza from the Pizza Girl!  We have to sing about it!  I love that new song. so excited for the new song from JB PARANOID 4 days
Eating Toast  ~Peanut Butter,,Yum 
Panera Bread potato chips are the best at 715 in the morning. 
@Tuna one day I hope to retire to one of his floating islands 
@Farung now Eating and meeting at the same time sigh well well I want to start work out too but will have to wait move to my new house 
Making Banana Bread 
hasa Lemon Cake in the oven and is going on to make Pork Casserole  Domestic or what!
Pizza for breakfast....  shower... classes
cooked my own Lunch todayy  Givin' my mum a relaxin' dayy.
Going to get a pedicure and the to CPK for lunch 
Is at Panera eating a bacon, egg and cheese with a coffee!  http://twitpic.com/4jip9
had delicious pav + bhaaji + finely chopped onion + little dash of lemon  Yummy!
It's soupy-soup time. Today: Heinz Cream of Chicken and Mushroom - yum! bbl 
Subway=yum! 
heading to Kitsilano for a BBQ  this weather is b.e.a... UTIFUL!! x
Viviann's all minee. Yummm 
Yummy yum-cha for mother's day with mum, dad, arcel and egg-pants  yuuuuuum  http://twitpic.com/4w65x
@tanahuffman Same here  Mmmm... Macrina Bakery.
http://twitpic.com/4w6lf - BBQ time again. 
Home empty handed.  No comics found today.  I shall now indulge in my cupcakes from Magnolia Bakery. 
spending the night with mom and Tommy.. just ordered Pizza Hut.. yum! 
Grilled chicken, broccolli, and water.  Yummy and healthy. Well until I put butter on my veggies but whatever
The Mediteranian Kitchen...oh well can't get them all right. 
Pinkberry 
Margaritas with my Momo. I've missed her. 
OMJ! The 3rd episode of Jonas is too great! They are so funny. I wish I was the Pizza Girll. Lol &lt;3 
We are in the State of Cheese - YUM! Green, moo-cow pastures everywhere, and super friendly Lutheran's too 
Sushi two nights in a row isn't THAT wrong is it? 
Having Margaritas w/ mommie...what a great combo! 
hot wings cafe with willyum  mild, spicy BBQ, curly fries.. delicious!!  http://twitpic.com/4wesr
@jlskowro @jennsquared will have to wait on the recipe at Simply Recipes.  Sorries!
Coldstone with kayla and some fat guys, but she is all that matters 
Chicken beer and good company makes a good night... 
Prolly going to Jamba Juice in thirty minutes , shop for awhile then hit the airport and see my daddddd. 
Mmmmmmm. I love Espresso......the app, that is. I guess the real thing helps me work efficiently too 
Subway always tastes better when some-one else pays for it  http://tinyurl.com/re5s5h
@_writersblock_ I'm sure you are.    Toasties wasn't far behind.
Tired from work. I hate closing, eek. But all smiles today. Aloha Kitchen, yum. 
&quot;Everyone has one special thing.&quot;  This guy sets the record  for the longest pronunciation of the word &quot;Fresh&quot;    http://bit.ly/3mD9fV
@putnampig Is there going to Sausage on it  yum yum  
@shaktijs http://twitpic.com/4wkym - Looks Yummy...I can haz smal pies pleess?? 
@illegalvenez Mmm, comfort junk food. That sounds good. I always preferred Wingstop 
@idreamofjeanny Chowder is the shit!!!!!! 
tried oprahs free unfried kfc and loved it  i went back for another try and topped it with boba and wolverine.Chilled with pope,dave,ben
working away just now, hopefully it stays nice for the afternoon and evening! possible BBQ weather! 
Steak and shake with ramon, matt, and chris. 
wah....American Chocolate Cheese Cake for my chweet mummy ! muaxxx 
Pizza and gelato at Newport with hubby and boys 
Pizza arrived but driver didn't have change for a $50, guess thats why they deliver Pizza, too stupid to give change. Still got Pizza 
already knows 3 dishes: Torta, Hotdog, &amp; Itlog. Hurrah for me! 
@adamjackson With McDonald's promoting the McCafe (similar to Starbucks), we may soon see McSmoothies (like Jamba Juice) next 
Thumbs up to Wolverine, Taco Bell Cheese Roll-ups, and mothers... you're all the best 
and before i crash Grilled Chicken breast w/ reefried beans  Gnite Twitties
Toasted Baked Bean Sandwiches and red wine, a perfect  sunday night dinner combination   
Roast was yummy, I think mum was impressed!!! 
Bread in the oven, room cleaned... almost done with the things on the list for today 
Mmmm Ham  Yummy! I have hat hair...Stupid Deli ._.
@AlanCarr Quaver Sandwiches  and tea.
Is having a BBQ today! 
@israeliwine They should add Dunkin Donuts to their menu too. 
just had KFC 
Toast in the morning 
Is eating BBQ Jalapeno Torta Subway from Los Chaparros right next door.. 
@priyaflorence I'll say  Even I don't do Dominos anymore - I prefer Pizza Hut's crunchy fresh veggie pizzas
@astaldoia definitely something with eggs  Yummy
@Giffy405 hmmm I say noodles!!! LOL not much happening with me, just chilling out and watching tv 
Having a BBQ for my cousins birthday at my aunties house  x
Spending mothers day with the fam. Eating in rather than out 
Family BBQ and cans o Bulmers  
went to hear mass and had dinner  I don't like Pepper Lunch anymore.
What a beautiful day for being out in the garden! weeding, planting, BBQ or just relaxing with a book! I'm off out to relax now 
@amyjfisher indeed. they're having quite the discussion about what they wanna do today. it involves lots of Jamba Juice apparently. 
Cheesecake Factory 
I forgot how good Kettle corn from the market is YUMMY 
@serianna Sort of &gt;.&gt; I had a dream about BBQ. So I made BBQ sauce. I got Country Ribs and cooked 'em with it. Turned out good. 
http://twitpic.com/4x7sg - I just had breakfast in bed! Cooked and served by this sweetie. 
The show and BBQ last night was hella fun. 
Food eating time for mothers day, yay! 
Barbecue is great 
Feeling fine, feeling great! Bout to nap until its time for me to go to my Granny's BBQ. Family all day!!! Isn't it the greatest? 
got KFC for the first time in forever  I am happy ! woo, lol happy mothers day everyone
Going out to dinner!!  Yumm...
Thanks Papa G for the strawberry margaritas 
Just got home from fun Raw Food Potluck 
@ti_ti Nono. Only steak and potatoes cook on BBQ 
@SophieRowthorn Food food food! 
Filet mignon with gorgonzola cheese sauce, grilled veggies, homemade Caesar salad and fantastic wine. Yes, I'm a good cook. 
The kids took me out to Samurai Steak House Sushi and Hibachi for Mother's Day dinner, we had so much fun  http://ff.im/2McVv
@paxtonholley it was in response to the Hamburgler's stripes. 
@PastorBradShim Nope, afraid you're gonna have to go to Whole Foods for that. 
Grill going, nearly a full moon, hot tub bubbling... fresh salad from the backyard garden.  A good evening. 
@michaelacord hope you used some good JD BBQ sauce... and that it was not a random &quot;intruder&quot;.... 
Pizza Hut finally tuned into some good music. Coldplay. 
Just finished painting my Giraffe, maybe it it time to shower and remove the orange paint from all over my arms!!!!!! Lunch time 
lunch at McD with the girlss 
best day EVERRRR. Shopping and Sushi 
@emseeaych Congratulations!  Food is good too. And drink. Haha, go indulge. You deserve it.
is having lunch with Honey at Restaurant Cicou. Sarap! Highly recommended! 
I have returned with delicious, nutritious coke.... well, maybe not nutritious, but I did pickup a Quiche at the same time 
Potstickers never tasted so good 
Watching Half Baked.. Baked 
i watched david archuleta on Eat Bulaga. 
Bagel with Nutella is so yummy! 
@oceancitygirrl Yay for Cantina!  (tell her I said we're thinking about her)
Trending ang Eat Bulaga. Haha. 
Florentine Steak Video Update  with @divinacucina is up: http://blip.tv/file/2111270  
@fotofolio hopefully for your BBQ it'll stay dry 
Eating toast bread with peanut butter. Yummy! 
Quesadillas at two am..!  anyone else want some?
Tomato plants  getting there! They love the sun http://twitpic.com/5574x
Sushi with my boyfriend and friends.. Then drunkenness  at my house 
is eating a slab of premium smoked salmon. Yummy!!! 
@trishasales I think so. If there are still tickets, it's a yes. I asked Papa a while ago and he said yes. It all depends on the tickets. 
@naomidunne you know where the #Burrito train station is 
@DunoxBliss nice, treat yourself to some beans with it ;) Egg and Beans, you'll be popular 
Mush Potatoes with Cheese and vegetable Schnitzel... sounds like a nice meal finally 
7 Days  Woot woot! Taste of Alpharetta today with Bethyyyyyyyyy!!!!
Just had lunch, managed to construct my own Subway - sort of! 
Spaghetti on toast  miss carla though, bumerr
@nik_kee_dee I'm well thank you  on my.  Lunch drinking fabulous #CocaCola  are you loving it!
has found a new toy  mmm hmmm... Yummy 
Is drinking a large Mocha and eating a large Tuna melt Panini @ Caffe Blue Aviemore. 
Sundae. Yummy isn't it? 
Goodmorning(: Jamba Juice? Yesssir. 
@HumanFolly  And Pizza Regina, if U haven't had pizza and/or a beer there, U should treat Urself one day. Their menu is 80+ yrs young!
Pizza and coffee for breakfast. 
Yummy yummy saigon saigon in 15 min! 
Pizza time, thank you dominos for being just around the corner (I will still get them to deliver it though  )
Pancake Pantry with the fam! 
@VBJC Had to Oven toasted Chicken Breast  Pretty damn good indeed
Eat at Downtown  omg. Lobster!!  (drools)
@jaypiddy Impressive BBQ. Everything is so orderly. 
Ventura peeps, where's a good place to eat on the Crit course or downtown area? Pasta and wine? 
Sushi House @ San Bruno. Waiting for my order. Delicious sashimi. 
After church, havin lunch of Shakey's pizza n chicken, kids all time fave  
@hesays I just bought cookie dough!!! And ice cream and whipped cream... YUMMM! Movie night with Sundaes tomorrow?? 
Hookah  with nigg nd the funnest  gay couple i ever met.    
BBQ tomorrow see you there if your invited 
@AmyBPerrault I agree Forman Grill is 2nd runner up.  A life saver during winter months 
hopefully, mum is too lazy to cook dinner. So we can have KFC. 
i think &quot;The Soup&quot; on E! is hilarious 
Ate @ Ringside Lounge right across from our hotel. Food was alot n good! They serve 32 oz (0,9l) mix drinks for 11 dollars. Crazy stuff 
Just put the finishing touches on my Taco Salad Dip. Another masterpiece ... I know what I'll be having for breakfast 
Hookah, drinks and good friends 
I just made Caesar Salad dressing.  yumm.
Mmmmm KFC with hashbrowns.... 
Found a new drink... Mango Margaritas with pop rocks. 
Is home from work! and eating Paella! 
@angdog we craved pizza too - and Domino's had a BOGOF - result 
Making muffins 2morrow in technology at school mmm... Yummy 
never realized what a good combination Uncle Julio's and Cheesecake Factory could be!  [And next time, maybe we'll actually have dessert]
so dose anyone remember that Ketchup song by Las Ketchup that song is so old but its cool twitter me if u remember it 
@TehStalker when i get my own line of cars I'll buy you a life time supply of free... Food 
Yummy toast with nutella and chocolate chips   http://twitpic.com/5cos6
I love luau's  rafting &amp; BBQ tomorrow, though!
Checking some new Tracks on Beatport... today relax and have BBQ 
Going have dinner with my parents at Tomoe Sushi Resturant. 
is 18!!!  I'm hoping this sun stays! Big Braai (BBQ) at my house, everyone invited!!! ;-)
@LifestyleOnline The Gypsy Restaurant, Turunc ~ Crepes that melt and are to die for, but not in the 'Lion King' sense, and a v funny crew 
@CarpetBurns @lizajbeck Scampi Fries mmmh yes please!! Can we have Twiglets too???? It's a love hate thang... 
Every Avenue time I think, also Cheese on Toast 
@rtolido as someone who enjoys bread, don't forgot to try soda bread &amp; Potato bread 
Just up..... Eating a sandwich in my pjammas 
Typing cautiously, had my nails done ) || Yay mcflurry  Eating one now.
Revision with a Pot Noodle 
@ChernSan have fun!  Yakitori dinner next week?
Its raining hard in Bangalore &amp; I ordered Chicken Kababs  Planning for a movie now. Any suggestions?
@having McFlurry KitKat  | Watch it: http://bkite.com/07yRM
Cleaning up a little and then hopefully getting Chipotle for lunch 
@mhemig Fresh sliced peach on wholemeal toast is one of the most exquisite eating experiences one can hope to have!  #coffeetime
Breakfast: gone.  mmmmmM. Bacon, eggs, &amp; girts.. . Fully belly layd up ac on. .. Flipin the tv. . . Thats a good morning.
BBQ today...got some great gifts...and boght me some nice ones with money my hunny sent me  thank you everybody...
@Dunkin_Columbus FYI, it was sarcasm about continued selling out of the once-sacred front page of the newspaper. I do love Dunkin, tho! 
Is watching lost finalle again  well my sis wanted too so it has to be done!! (@Chili_bex)
#3hotwords: Sizzling,Spicy,Smoldering...  
http://twitpic.com/5dahk - This is what happens when I try to help my mum out in the Kitchen 
http://twitpic.com/5dasr - This is what happens when I try to help my mum out in the Kitchen 
Mmm a BBQ with friends is the best way to procrastinate 
Oops . .  Taste just as good as round ones 
Going to Cheddars 
IHOP with madre 
Jamba Juice is love. 
At the green alley eating tacos 
Just got back from church and eating breakfast with my aunt. Delicious 
@GQmacguy @mknisely Cooking tweetup - I like that idea! And I'll tweet the recipes I'm cooking for y'all. 
gonna go and have a BBQ with my fam and friend 
It's awesome when a guy who lives 2 hrs away is getting his dick sucked and simultaneously texting you saying he misses you  Yummy
Cooking tea!!!  Sausages. I love them!!  Not v healthy but who cares!!  - Cooking tea!!!  Sausages. I love... htt... http://bit.ly/JApvI
@RealWorldMom I love the English Toffee capp! I half-fill with #Wawa dark roast, and finish with English Toffee! Yum!! 
Another day at the waterpark  going home now. Pizza hut on the way 
Lovin the Friends, BBQ, Sushi, vodka &amp; coke wiv lemon, Music, Guitar Hero &amp; Cream cake combination  gotta give it up for Sunday!
Wishing I had some Salt Deli creme brulees left over from yesterday but they were too lovely to survive 
@aaronrgillespie LOL I wish Chick Fil A was always open on sundays... hmm... you know who else has good chicken Sandwhiche's Whataburger 
Carrot Cupcakes w/ Cream Cheese frosting recipe  www.modhumanvintage.blogspot.com
@bobbythomas1 Soup made of a boiled shoe sounds absolutely disgusting.  I am however making a rockin vege soup today.  
Chicken fried steak and a beer on sunday morning with extended family on a beautiful day  gotta love it
For those of you who left Stickam early last nite, Nut Cheese talked for hours and you missed it. 
@antigir1 I'm gonna make it for the BBQ. And I have named it Krystal's Korn Salad. 
Pinkberry in the city '09!!!!!!!!!! 
http://tr.im/lASE Grilled Mango with Saffron Yoghurt .. saffron was slightly more but turned out ok 
Running to GameStop to get Cooking Mama after about an hour of debating on it. 
Drinking wine, eating BBQ and talking shit at my aunts was nice. 
Cooking tea!!!  Sausages. I love them!!  Not v healthy but who cares!!  - Cooking tea!!!  Sausages. I love... htt... http://bit.ly/32VyBI
good day for a BBQ!! 
mad props to @lindatran30 &amp; @garryseto for a) vietnamese chicken wings; b) BBQ them and other stuff perfectly.  inaugural skeelaine BBQ 
Great Sunday: Perfect weather in S.Tx, BBQ, cream corn, Ranchero Beans, spicy Queso and Dos Equis 
@ my folks crib... BBQ later .. Eating this until then   http://twitpic.com/5dho6
We're currently looking at a location next to the Donut Whole  in downtown Wichita for our store. We hope to report good news soon 
@selenagomez poptarts untoasted are the best! Toasted poptarts is overated 
@twistedmonk coffee and french toast... IHOP, always helps me 
@washam  ... ate 2 biscuits WITH butter from KFC! MMMMmmm. &quot;What other people think of you is their buisness...&quot;
At tower Cafe ... Mmm beat breakfast food ever ...  loving the weather
Mmmmm Jelly &amp; Icecream=Perfect Comfort Food  XD.xXx
Pizza and a cold Bear 
On my way to vincent's house! Eating fruit roll up  lakers game soon! So excited! They better win
Third crawfish boil of the weekend!!! Yummy!! 
Off to Dunkin Donuts...four pounds for $17.99. 
I am very partial to Fruit Leather vs. Fruit Roll ups. Eating some strawberry that I made yesterday 
Why don't start Esta casa era una ruina, of USA? I wanna watch it. I'm watching the 3rd episode of JONAS  Slice of life. Pizza girl xDD
Heading back to Geds with Sashimi 
is going to Lumpy's Diner for lunche' w/ my family 
Yummy cooked chilli con carne  now I'm sooo tired, revision accompanied with a doughnut and well deserved tea!
Great Night! Went to place called Veggie Grill, Yummy! Was my first ever Vegan meal, and it was really tasty...may have to consider more 
I just drove 100 miles through Houston to Galveston beach.. in a shining spanking new red corveyye!  Eating at Rainforest Cafe.. Drink ...
@lmkenny still skipping out on your BBQ, I see...  (Indy freeeks have priorities.    )
@ashleeleahxox You must not have been the only one there that loves those. Cupcakes are very good too though!! 
Steelhead scotch porter.... Yummm......I &lt;3 beer 
One week down as a non-smoker   Eating sunflower seeds.
Stuffed! Lasagna, Chicken Casserole, Egg Rolls n Ceviche hit the spot. Filling in the cracks with Orange Soda while doing the Yayo Dance. 
@AWilliams6414 Yummm save me some haha, jokes 
Pizza . The game . Some friends . The studio .. A good time 
@bsginc They definitely make easy targets. Fried sparrow could be on tomorrow's dinner menu. 
Hookah In the park? I think so 
@agoldenberg very true! Next time I am sticking with Shawarma King...at least they're lebanese and very generous with the garlic sauce 
Finally finished an hour at the gym...time for lunch   Subway here I come. 
Mmmmm...World Topps Adobo Flakes from RCBC. Been a while since I last bought anything there. 
@judahworldchamp - I think for next season of 30rock sometime - alternate between &quot;yes&quot; or &quot;no&quot; hats every other shot..  Bread/Butter?? 
@AllTheSausages    Do you have Walls Pork Sausages lol 
@AllTheSausages    Do you have Walls Pork Sausages lol  - @AllTheSau... http://bit.ly/ZTI6
@AllTheSausages    Do you have Walls Pork Sausages lol  - @AllTheSau... http://bit.ly/ZTI6 -
tonite Burgers with kumara chips, bean and onion salad and apfel strudel with vanilla ice cream for dessert 
Going to McDonalds at 4:35am. 
all the update stuff makes me hungry...time for KFC!! 
about to eat 1/4 of the Chipotle burrito @Schweiler forgot to take 
got to see her mom and sister after all and they love her boyfriend!... now just kicking it eating Erbert's and drinking grape soda 
I know I said BBQ @maitais but I'm going northshore instead!! 
@AllTheSausages    Do you have Walls Pork Sausages lol  - @AllTheSau... http://bit.ly/ZTI6 - - - - -
@TimWoo like everyhing ._. especially 	Viennese Schnitzel!! i loove cutlets  typical german food 
@schwern Epic.  Donut Bread Pudding sounds disgustingly good. 
just finished cleaning the Kitchen! And threw out all the expired goods! 
@GarethCrew Chicken Tikka Masala and Whiskey, that is my prescription for a cold 
@LittleFletcher i've all ready been crunchy nutted this morning, *all hail Crunchy nut* lol 
@SpicyGuy Naw it's not a smear campaign!  I like Chili's too. Maybe I'll just go for the margaritas from now. Food - Tony Romas!
I don't think Butter Mentols really work. But they still taste good 
&quot;Taste&quot; of Breatharianism: &quot;Vegetarian &gt; Vegan &gt; Raw Vegan &gt; Fruitarian &gt; Breatharianism&quot; http://bit.ly/JyXy4. I love food too much. 
Breakfast King! Grits, bacon, and toast with some coffee to wash it down. Only an hour to kill before a nice drive to the airport 
Yummy coffee  tingles the spine hee hee
Breakfast King! Grits, bacon, and toast with some coffee to wash it down. Only an hour to kill before a nice drive to the airport  ht ...
@leander80 Fresh air and a cig... strange mixture! 
I dropped by the office earlier today. I bought Krispy Kreme for them as a thank you. They were happily surprised when I entered the rm. 
@tigeri6 Food always tastes better off of the chopping board than the plate 
Ready to start another hard week of napping and being cute.  Chipotle is gone, no more noise from the bathroom and no more stinky men.  
Hello hello fats. Eating choco-coated marshmallow. Yum! 
@ViciousPotato good night, Potato 
That is the first time I've ever successfully done a mood theme with the admin code. Yay Calzone mood theme! And lunch time. 
5 weddings to design today;time to focus! Sushi @6 certainly helps 
@WillBarovick Pancake time is almost here 
I am dying for a Chicken Royale  yumyum, pity the nearest burger king is a bout half an hour away 
@jonswerens Thanks, Papa! I hope I can do other exercise today. I am on a roll! I just don't want to b on a gurney. 
@tschi Guten Appetit 
Baked my muffins, off to skip again in order to buy booze 
I honestly slept for 10 hours last night. I'm gonna be late, but I don't care. Pancakes are worth it. 
At the diner 
@jdecotis Salsa! (I am from texas...) 
Eatin' strawberries while getting work done 
Eating my morning oatmeal. Yummy! 
@kelanjo19 Pizza Express? Nice jeans &amp; heels, blazer and tee with some bling 
Roast beef, pepper jack, mayo, avocado, tomato on whole wheat toast.  big breakfast...
@vitailluminata : Thanks for the joke..&quot;Chicken from hell&quot; I used it in my class today and everyone laughed a lot  
Homeee   Eating cotton candy..yuummiii &lt;3
@livinveg those sunshine burgers look delicious. where did you get them at? and i hope your BBQ goes well 
Oh yeah.. and next week you get to see Chalupa.  
somebody just told me he doesn't like Pizza, freak! 
@megspptc I just stopped at starbucks too. Yummy. 
Baked custard... just like mom used to make 
MmmmmMMMMMMM! weather needs to improve if gunna have a nice BBQ! 
@kmbrown08  I am! u should be here...jus came frm Hookah lounge- (hopping)  
Amazed to see that Potato content in Pringles is only 42 %  http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/business/8060204.stm (via @matheussiq8 )
Chinese food. Yummy 
Family fun  Just ordered pizza from Pizza Hut online for dinner.
I was just about to begin editing Seether/Saving Abel when my friend asks &quot;Wanna make a 2AM McDonalds run?&quot; Double Cheese Burger w/ Fries 
Few things beat grocery shopping in the early AM after last call. No lines, no annoying ppl. Food stamp/check crowd already in bed, nice 
Has fired up the BBQ 
@GeordieJay Steak all the way, baby! 
@oherrol You guys are about 5 mins from my place! I live up the hill past Krispy Kreme 
is eating Haagen Dazs Coffee ice cream at 1:30 in the AM. Yay for stress eating! 
@charchaos uni at the min, later on having a kfc bucket, choc cake, lil party then bowling and 2moz seeing Mozza in manchester 
@DavorGoldie  Its always BBQ Weather at our house   although only BBQ'd ~14 times this year...much less then last year by this time!
yum!i love McDonald's Cheeseburger!  (quite addicted to it  )
Getting ready for CG BBQ, 2nd BBQ of the week.  Then to JB for some supper.
@RAEKWONICEWATER me.. good morning chef 
Just got up, breakfast (Schnitzel and potatoes), the damn cold is almost gone 
@BecTilley Fresh air and sunshine will cheer you up  hope all's well bec's
@MrsLavish ooooo yeah.. Suppa Chef 
It's friday ... that means it's it's Cheese Burger luncheon day  ...
Food time again  Spag bol w/ a garden salad and LLB
@pennydog Tomato, Avocado, Cucumber + Feta salad OR double cheese and bacon burger with chips and coleslaw 
Lentil and tomatoe soup on the boil .... Home made of course 
@deanezra So true, so true  I just want to BBQ in the sun 
BBQ now 
Noodles are ready  yumyumyum
Just bought 4 gallon Sangria, BBQ meat, salads and the sun is shining. Guess what I'll be doing this weekend 
Taking a client out for lunch today. Lobster anyone? 
Anyone hungry? Just made a big batch of Spinach and Ricotta Cannelloni, plenty to go around 
Yay  Tuna mayo, cheese and lettuce pannini. I made it all by myself and everything!
booked a holiday in August whilst really enjoying my Cheese and Banana Toastie  yum :p :p
wildwindart WWW.COWGIRLONCOFFEE.COM is where I wanna be  Cowgirls on Coffe for me!!! Cowgirls  mmm... ;-p
wildwindart WWW.COWGIRLONCOFFEE.COM is where I wanna be  Cowgirls on Coffe for me!!! Cowgirls  mmm... ;-p
wildwindart WWW.COWGIRLONCOFFEE.COM is where I wanna be  Cowgirls on Coffe for me!!! Cowgirls  mmm... ;-p
wildwindart WWW.COWGIRLONCOFFEE.COM is where I wanna be  Cowgirls on Coffe for me!!! Cowgirls  mmm... ;-p
wildwindart WWW.COWGIRLONCOFFEE.COM is where I wanna be  Cowgirls on Coffe for me!!! Cowgirls  mmm... ;-p
wildwindart WWW.COWGIRLONCOFFEE.COM is where I wanna be  Cowgirls on Coffe for me!!! Cowgirls  mmm... ;-p
@RonisWeigh Delicious! 
wildwindart WWW.COWGIRLONCOFFEE.COM is where I wanna be  Cowgirls on Coffe for me!!! Cowgirls  mmm... ;-p
wildwindart WWW.COWGIRLONCOFFEE.COM is where I wanna be  Cowgirls on Coffe for me!!! Cowgirls  mmm... ;-p
wildwindart WWW.COWGIRLONCOFFEE.COM is where I wanna be  Cowgirls on Coffe for me!!! Cowgirls  mmm... ;-p
wildwindart WWW.COWGIRLONCOFFEE.COM is where I wanna be  Cowgirls on Coffe for me!!! Cowgirls  mmm... ;-p
wildwindart WWW.COWGIRLONCOFFEE.COM is where I wanna be  Cowgirls on Coffe for me!!! Cowgirls  mmm... ;-p
wildwindart WWW.COWGIRLONCOFFEE.COM is where I wanna be  Cowgirls on Coffe for me!!! Cowgirls  mmm... ;-p
Meat sucks.  Looking tv and waiting for my sister.
En route to KFC to celebrate the end of school 
Mini-Danishes   http://twitpic.com/5or7c
whats that, KFC time you say? hell yeah! 
http://yfrog.com/1432cj Harvesting fresh greens for the new age health spa Kitchen..  lovin this job
had a nice lunch at McDonalds  so sleepy now
Gooooooddddd Moooorrrnnniig! Fresh Baked Banana Muffins smelll sooo yummy and taste sooo yummy this morning! I'll show a pic later! 
woot! woot! Long weekend...BBQ, BBQ and more BBQ! it'd be more exciting if I ate meat, but I'll be there for the company 
Cake from Sainsbury's was rather fabulous and they let me bring one back to the office! 
Nothing starts off your day better then when Dunkin Donuts makes your coffee PERFECT. 
Bread in the bread machine, found a pool I can swim laps at.. life is good at the moment. 
@SmallWall I recommend the Smoked Cheddar- YUMYUMYUM 
If you live in the area, I'm giving a FREE Pepperoni Pizza &amp; a dozen of FREE chicken wing dings to our 10,000 th follower!!! 
@ShareenaRed so how badly is the Redfm crew terrorizing the Blackboard Restaurant staff? 
Gearing up for BBQ's, pools &amp; sun this weekend 
@gflisa sorry this took so long, still new to twitter! Eggs &amp; crumbs would be the binder to my meatloaf  cant rembr why u asked though
@tweeterbate eh like a few hours. at work now about to leave soon.  The off to stuff my face with Sonic and Hardees :p
Alarm going off in Pret = I was given a free coffee 
Ah first morning http://bit.ly/geI7h Chocolate Bliss... Yum... 
Cake and Bowling for Soup songs stuck in my head, the office closes early today, 3 day weekend.  Life is grand! 
I might give this recipe a whirl  Spicy Brown Sugar Broccoli http://bit.ly/JSSxn
@pinkbunny69 he definaetly would lol, my bday is going v.well thanks been uni for most of it but goin bowlin at 6 then KFC and choc cake 
@a49erfangirl Congrats...on your win @Food2 is great 
@markhoppus Now that you've answered the ques of what super power you have, whatcha gonna do w/ it? Soup? Boiled eggs? Tea? 
At Burrito Kitchen... I can't wait for the goodness 
Yummy Dairylea Dunkers  why am I such a child??
I found a Dunkin in Naples...yes!!!!! Breakfast sandwich &amp; coffee time. 
FollowFriday @sassyandsocial @ecobjet @ecochic @Gremolata the Greenest folks I've ever seen 
Im Hungry! I want Lime Grill 
@_bigSteve Baked Potato's are tasty! With Butter, Beans and Cheese 
checking in for the weekend. BBQ &amp; picnics on the weekend 
Definitely need a khazi break! Too much cider - and can I say: Aldi's Snackrite Passions Vegetable Chips are fantastic! 
Papa johns denied the debit card online so We're ordering piggy's. 
@missStonewall spending time wit some chil'ren  picnics n BBQs maybe a stop at the beach, really just glad to have an extra day off work
http://twitpic.com/5p3p8 - Fresh cut grass.. i did it all by myself 
@rayvinhsu oooh... gg east coast for?? coming to my BBQ tmr? 
@Killer_Burrito  thats not me 
Going to my Papis work BBQ today Yay  Te amo feo
Living a mile and a half from Homemade Ice Cream &amp; Pie Kitchen is not necessarily a good thing 
@jeffregreene haha! I HAVE watched her-hilarious. Today I'm goin w/&quot;Grill It! W/Bobby Flay&quot; 
@bigwormy yummy yummy BBQ es cool! have a nice day with your wife and your beautful Isabella 
#food #KFCPhilippines Ano mas masarap? Chicken na may talong? o Talong na may chicken?! hahaha... I love new KFC's rice bowl meals!!! 
Currently a big fan of SLO Roasted Coffee's Vanilla and Hazelnut. Can hardly wait for tomorrow morning 
@JustElle I'm going to be the Duke of Cheese 
Making the most amazing raw juice ever with organic carrots, valencia oranges and ginger root. Yummy 
Getting some cheese popcorn!! Yummy 
#3wordsregardingnkotb The Special Sauce 
@Mamacita The inconsiderate kind. 
mmmmm :s  Del Taco is good 
I gots an ice cream sunday from McDonalds. Yumm. 
Ate Taco Bell and watched the last half of Dogma. 
@blockycurvature Thanks!  I had the vanilla with chocolate frosting tonight. Delish!
Just got home. Eating icecream 
2day: 3yr anvrsry. 1yr baq home. stupid teacher. GYM! Panera&amp; reality shows w/ chris. Yrbks! portfolio. Haventcriedoveraguyinalongwhile 
Margaritas and a movie 
@aplusk Taco Bell told me it was called fourth meal 
89.0 - diet starts after saturday (don't go on a diet when you have a family BBQ coming up  But planning starts now.
@mguethe That's what I said! On my Rotten Tomatoes webcam review...which hopefully has a chance in hell of making it on air this week.. 
@lilzigz1 We definitely love our Pickle, our Cheese, &amp; our Ketchup.  And the Bun.
@aplusk yeah it's 4th meal...at least Taco Bell says so 
BBQ tonight 
Cookin up something new 
Yummy! Subway 
Ugh omg i'm soo hungry! Eating so much when i get home! Haha yess i LOVEE food  i'll probably have a food baby afterwards! haha ;)
..Yayy.. Veggie Grill is followin me now  ..it's our home away from home..&amp; where we were during that crazy EaRtHQuAKe!!  
? International Food Day at work. Bring food from your country of birth. Aussie contingent brought Fairy Bread and Vegemite sandwiches 
Pancakes and bacon....finally!!!! So bad but delicious   
prepare the BBQ for this evening with my family. this will be fun 
@ChristineHitt i'll be spinning at the Shack tonight and sat 
@DeeLiteFool You know that Saget Sausage be calling your name 
Watching Gangland, Crips are some shit. Lol, what a day with babe. Sushi nd swimming 
Wanting to finish my fight, but customers have to come in til close. If I win, celebretory Taco Bell. If not, comfort Taco Bell. 
@heartsapphires I'm wonderful, thank you! How are u? Snacking on Ramen with the hubby right now. No diet today. 
i cant wait to go back and eat at the Boiling Crab again  best seafood Cajun restaurant EVER
off to take my sleeping boy to bed and then 2 a revitalizing shower. Fresh &amp; clean. 
About to take a break from the new CDJ and hit up *Kogi BBQ for the first time  #fb
has the Pie song from Waitress stuck in her head. Not a bad song to get stuck considering it always makes me smile 
@WOnet Thanks! I know that it's a trip for some... I promise that my peach BBQ is worth it!  hehe How have you been? 
followfriday .. @momto3blessings .. @leahblonde .. @nataliejanette .. @whenbabysleeps .. @swonderful .. @samanthahare .. @Chickie06  
just finished the BBQ. it was yummy 
@chef69 i thought i did :S i shall do it now. nopee never been there, have you? it looks lovely 
beach got me hella tired. Fresh out the shower feeling hella fresh. eating menudo. Then sleepy time 
My large 5 dollar pizza from Dominos was yummy.  
Hookah outside in this perfect storm weather 
@joexpo Order  me some Gyoza  please !! 
@patty_vqz silly goose.. the outlets rock!! 
Yumm, mean while im recuperating from a bum tooth   Maritintin 
Going out to play badminton soon! Right after my Restaurant in Restaurant City levels up! 
@TheSUPERGIRL Cheese cake is only later on  shees! i bought so many fruits and like 10 type of cheeses !
Decided on having #Cornflakes for breakfast and sparing the #Marshmallows for making #Smores  at the next #bbq... 
is going to sleep with her furry little snuggle bug, Bagel! 
Reading the &quot;book thief&quot; as fast I can without missing any details. I &lt;3 Spaghetti. 
drink number 4 + Subway choco chip cookies 
Today's action has been decided. Twinlakes: http://www.twinlakespark.co.uk/  (only 5 mins from us) &amp; then a late afternoon BBQ. Sorted! 
Chicken and waffles!!!  Quickly becoming my favorite meal I think!
Getting ready to eat some soup  Delicious chicken noodle mm mm good! Actually, scratch that cause its not Campbells, its Lipton
It's BBQ weather yay! Try Holy Cow! Serious Sauces! Introductory offer of 99p has been extended in ASDA! 
Chocalate Milk and a Donut my favorite misses everyone at home 
@chinang bread lang pala let me know when you will visit Capricciosa  garlic toast lang meron namin ha..
is needing some Taco Bell! 
@jencorbett I just sent my husband out to get Burger Fuel for me 
@Jonasbrothers I always miss the chats, I think that needs to stop aha. I'll try and make it to the next one fo'sho. Shake and Bake?! 
My mom is awesome for bringing me some Pocky 
@Jaysar hi  i'm very well, thank u. Baking something again right now.
http://twitpic.com/665v6 - Lettuce growing up at home 
@metalz de nada...like I said #metal and #mma go together like tits and ass...steak and eggs...In-and-Out (Burger) 
Soon there will be Wagamama food 
Glasgow apparently in for a scorcher this weekend - BBQ and gardening tomorrow 
Made it past the border. Customs said someone else came through for a philosophy BBQ last night. 
@LisaDEFG Mini Sirloin Burgers are ok but... 2 Tacos for 99 cents... WOOHOO! 
Caramel Latte and Smoked Salmon is looooveee 
looking forward to a gloiriously sunny and warm weekend  BBQ!
is starting the day with a Hot shower and a cold Can of Diet Coke. 
Just had a mcdonalds breakfast. Tasty  And cured the illness
@1jh isnt it? Its boiling, me is opting for a BBQ! 
