Most common words for this cluster:
[('beach', 172), ('today', 150), ('day', 133), ('http', 129), ('island', 129), ('bay', 121), ('i', 113), ('amp', 108), ('lake', 96), ('quot', 91), ('com', 85), ('time', 83)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Peach_Bottom_Twp', 0.7386316657066345), (u'Goolwa_v', 0.7199124097824097), (u'OPEN_RESTRICTED_1', 0.7143977284431458), (u'C._Pilares', 0.7076531052589417), (u'Hellam_Twp', 0.7040583491325378), (u'Woman_Crashes_Into', 0.7038626074790955), (u'v_Yankalilla', 0.7019180655479431), (u'Body_Found_Floating', 0.7011001110076904), (u'W._Manheim_Twp', 0.6985862255096436), (u'Codorus_Twp', 0.6975532174110413)]





one of my friend called me, and asked to meet with her at Mid Valley today...but i've no time *sigh* 
Oh man...was ironing @jeancjumbe's fave top to wear to a meeting. Burnt it 
i really hate how people diss my bands!  Trace is clearly NOT ugly!
@henrygooden @oddchicken I went there about a month and a half ago, was still open then. Smelt really good, but I was getting sick 
winter is slowly creeping into Cape Town  not looking forward to it...
is back in Byron Bay @cafe Fresh, missing all my Melbourne friends 
Just a heads up. Site's being wonky, so will like probably post late today. Flippin technical issues. 
Really want to see Kasabian at Eden Project 4th july! Just need someone to go with 
Family took Rumzi to Spring Creek in Mansfield for his 32nd bd!  Can't find my glasses for reading.  
@marcofrissen Pine with IMAP is slow with gmail, and the inbox gets closed from time to time, big hassle 
Going to Gulf Shores. But not for fun. For work 
@imrui no i feel nothing.. but i have http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mount_Vesuvius this just near my house 
time to read Cold Mountain.... 
Timchou (A.K.A. &quot;Timber&quot;) ...my mom ran 13.1 miles...WITHOUT ME!!!  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6203681
@Chels_V I am good, just about to leave for Forks....I am not looking foward to the flight though 
@_kelli Sure! I'm thankful they did so much research. Horizon is at the bottom with 0 cows.    Sunnyside(Raleys) or 365(WholeFoods) 4 cows
Salmon is only good in nigiri sushi. What a disgusting way to find out. 
weekend chores done. now to get ready for Snowbird's bachelorette party! (and attempt to get some work work done.) 
at home with a headache  @ Brush Creek Dr &amp; Jupiter Rd http://loopt.us/vtBdOA.t
Softball in...Eureka................it's raining here maybe not there.............Eureka! It is raining there. No more fun in the Sun! 
Coming home from Myrtle Beach 
@CEWilloughby18 Lol! Crystal Palace just scored 
@awarren88 I SO wanted to go to Calico Ft., but we just got up and got the message and they have already left.  I'm SO bummed now. 
is at home nursing his cold...  My friend called me this morning with an extra Long Beach Grand Prix ticket... a no go for me. 
idk when iim gOin baQ 2 the Bay  * hopefully by friday 0r saturday --im getting homesiCk &amp; i miss wakin up next tO my Other half(@ali`mOe)
Had a sleepless night and a bad morning!  in Grand Prairie, TX http://loopt.us/MmHnVw.t
@earthsongs also, my ex-eye candy goes to COOS I think 
Burnt my finger 
Also, Rivers and Spires will probably be rained out. Rainy day and a goiter. 
Rode 10 miles of dirt trail in Cleveland Nat'l forest. Locked gate 1/3 mile from end  Horsethief Canyon
@Rose_in_Forks aaaww..it would have given me an excuse to shop 
Also, why don't I have HBO?!!??? I just want to watch Grey Gardens 
Not one item purchased in Green Bay. Oh sadness 
The Pirate Bay lost  http://tinyurl.com/d4eqpr
is going on a bike ride to Avila Beach and has no where to put her phone. She has to abandon it for a few hours 
Sour gummie worms left in a scorching hot car in Palm Springs = liquid 
Listening to A Prairie Home Companion. Last new ep for a while. 
Burnt my tongue... 
#asot400 Stream froze 
  Going out tonight means I will miss &quot;Grey Gardens&quot; prem. tonight.  *sigh*
Oh dear. Sunrise talking about The Pirate Bay case. I can't resist doing a facepalm as I hear about it 
@galvestonisland did the Strand shops take on water again?   @Leighjones http://www.twitpic.com/3k0zj
off to Morro Bay. Last banquet as an active brother 
i'm missing Grey Gardens because I don't have HBO 
Just rode the original Space Mountain for the last time ever 
@Bahama thanks girlie - i need it...there's a lot to do 
@CynnieMe oooh Grey Gardens sounds good! but I dont have HBO. 
Where is my Blazer team? They did not show up at the Rose Garden tonight. 
its called the Pacific Ocean!!!   
@Cra1gHa1r !!!! It was only just yesterday I saw that Footscray still had Hot Cross buns  must not be everywhere then 
@HGhost tomorrow earth day at Balboa park. my friend is driving.i don't have a car.  it should be fun though!
guys at Garden Of Eden are retarded tonite, at least try to pretend you dont have an asian fetish 
Grey Gardens makes me sad and worried that I could end up like that. At my parent's house in the hills. 
@wendywings  started raining in Mt Eden
Laser Quest was a lot of fun. I came in 6th. Cliff kicked ass. I had the best grilled cheese sandwich tonight. I'm sad my 3 weeks are up 
Sunshine across the Chase - lovely day for downloading several hundred work emails 
Argh...Your booty shivers me timbers argh...pity Pirate Bay lost 
Apparently my fall up the stairs bruised more than my pride and both shins. Upper back is screaming 
sorry no pics of herne Bay  ... you'll have to ask @tibstea for those
wishing it was nicer today so I could take my babies to Jones Beach for a walk... not gonna happen   Watch Yo Gabba Gabba instead
The final episode of &quot;Corner Gas&quot; was good. Closed the show out without the traditional GOODBYES or leaving it open ended. Bye Dog River! 
Homeward bound today 
cant go see The Mission District in the Bunker 
My Gateway has crashed and won't wake up  The system fan is working, but nothing else is! Ack! At least I have my laptop.
My last day working at Mystic Sbux today...   At least I get to see all the good people!
Taking the kids to Hancock Shaker Village to the baby animals exhibit....no playing dress up today 
can't really trust weather forecast, it's sunny but we've canceled Bear Mt trip 
A thriller. Nail biting stuff. 4 points to guarantee Forest stay up. We could do it with less....Thank you Ipswich (sorry @stephenfry   )
@lamborghinibow  i hope u feel better Bow Wow!
Dogwood Festival @ Piedmont park today.... and it's supposed to rain 
Some of my fellow car club members are going to Long Beach Grand Prix today. I gotta go to work 
On my way back to Vero 
is really fed up of her awful skin now...i hate eczema  but looking very forward to Alton Towers tomorow!!! 
Stardom Bound's out of Oaks ...  She was my favorite, but I understand if she's not feeling up to par.
waiting here in the Long Beach Airport, going home soon  I could stay another week or so... Bye Sunny California, will miss you!
farewell Myrtle Beach! On my way home... 
In Orange County, sad to be going back to the bay area to work tomorow  I love Dinsey and OC!
@_Loch_Nessie_  yeah sorry (irl back at work  )
Off to the Audubon Center and Sanctuary...walkin' the trails.  Feel better Ashton Kutcher.  
Last day of spring break   Heading off to Venice Beach around 2:00, though, which should be fun! 
Cabinet bonding today!!!!! Then last Connecting Point Group of the Year at Crosspoint 
@DrPostALot awwww BEACH! but I wanna go to North Shore, Ocean Beach ain't the same 
Two shows of Into the Woods at CBHS done. I'll miss everyone when it's over 
Burnt his hand cleaning up other people's mess in the kitchen.  Hours under the tap and it's still fucking killing me!
RIP JG Ballard, I loved reading Concrete Island and so many others 
My Turtle Beaches are broken 
@ferretprincess Never really got the hang of Ballard until Millennium Dreams, but something clicked there. An important author, I think. 
Missing Devon, Hole Farm &amp; everyone there: but 1st day back @ uni, had a GREAT workout; water filter buggered, clueless about S.H. essay! 
Having some darn fine cookies during the Twin Peaks marathon - http://www.twitpic.com/3ne78 And yes, I was one to get picked on at school 
BTW I am back from the Gold Coast, fun times, can't get out of school to spend time with friend  damn school
Onward to Hershey Lodge for the PSATS conference- if I can find it 
I miss my tweetdeck!   I am so living this HEAT! LOL...A new day &amp; getting ready for the Lauglin River Run! www.kool2wear.com
in Clarky's class...feeling sorry for Nile 
It's very strange to prepare a seminar on texts you were taught as an u'grad. Jane Eyre and Wide Sargasso Sea anyone? 
@cindybeall The Sonic in Quail Springs also closed  Totally messed up my routine of getting a drink for the movie.
@Wolflin argh, would love to but am bogged down with notes.....  what a lovely day today! wish i could have a long stroll....! xxx
@andmel Skimmer looks good, but so far it has chrashed twice in 3 minutes 
I took 4th, hubby took 1st. I forgot that the female players in the Harbor are bitches. chewed out for my cards BARELY mucking. 
@PushPlayCJ : okay so personally, I'm not too happy with this move from Long Island of yours. 
@JohnSmedley I don't suppose there is any stockists in Sri Lanka is there?! I miss my S/S Sea Island Cotton numbers 
@Mtn_Dew I just wish they have Mtn Dew here in England! 
Under what circumstances are RIDICULOUSLY   wrinkled shirts 'in'? Cause its all I got.  I'll break it in, before I get to the Valley.
just got home from checking out the Broadwater Mariner Resort! Its definately what Geraldton Needs!!! Love it i want to buy one 
working from home, waiting for delivery - dreaming of my new Hummingbird book, but dieting!! 
@666photography So sorry to read about your Totem 
Lying on a couch near the River Clyde. Tick tock goes a clock. Regretting the gin 
Last sleepover with one of my very best friends, Veronica Forbes. I knew this day would come   She's off to Long Island in the morning.
Bloody sandstorm, no Beach today then. 
just picked up 2 very sad &amp; disappointing pizzas from Eagle Boys in Unanderra (for the kids, not me) 
I would REALLY love to go to the Mud Bog tomorrow! 
Burnt my toast 
Sipping Banrock Station #Moscato .... I think I have developed a full-fledged flu. Dang it 
Cedar Cliff Relays 2day... Yay...but its gunna be rainy  lol wish me luck
We're 12 miles from Alton Towers... I want to stop! But the others wont let me 
It's Derby day...23.75 years of life and I've still never been to Churchhill Downs. 
Finally a hotel that didn't ding me $$$ for wireless access. Kudos to St. Regis, Aspen. I did just pay $40 to bring my luggage on United 
Walk is canceled today       It is pouring in Olive Branch.
@GaslightHotel Beautiful day for the Crowe's Point Derby. Too bad Louisville has a muddy track at Churchill Downs. 
really really really wishes she was back home, in the Fir Tree, having a drink and watching the Hatton fight later 
Bahama mama, you were a good little fishy, though i hardly knew ye. You will be greatly missed. 
@AttitudeE232 aw I'm sorry! me and my horrible memory  hmm think.. umm of Bugaboo Creek! taking moose heads yey!
After the concert I was relaxed and happy when I looked at the car in front of us and It was Bullfrog's, had the license plate, PTjobs 
Cab ride by myself from Cherokee 
http://twitpic.com/4gtxp - Tree blown down in storm this afternoon in S. Beaverton... I really like this tree...  
@Gmonster9 cyotes... Mountain lions???  sad sad sad for Haley and other animals.... :.....(
Almost back to Marble Falls... the gig in Austing was fun.. im sad I didnt get to hang longer 
I want to work at Alton Towers 
Hury my knee 2night..jumpin to attack my bf on the couch didnt go so well the wood in the couch got me 
Sunrise is in 1 &amp; 1/2 why am I still up 
@nisaho Lake house was SO touching. Its abit hard to explain on twitter.  They actually live 2 years apart, but the house's letterbox...
Maryland Sheep and wool. Rainy  no purple wig for me
Old friends venturing to Hampstead later :-D Shame Maxwell's is long since dead though 
@LewesRD I fear you will wind up a Point to Point fool which sucks since you're traveling pretty far for it. 
sunday = movies, couch tme, chores, fam.&amp; pizza &amp; a bit of twilight....oh &amp; wtching lst 15 min of Harps Island i fell alseep 
Wish I was in Manhattan Beach right now so I could pick up the best pumpkin muffin at the Kettle-they only make them around Thanksgiving 
Red Sox won last night!!! 10-6 against Tampa Bay!! Jason Bay was injured  I LOVE JASON BAY!  http://twitpic.com/4hc55
why must my new favourite character die in Harper's Island?  And by accidentally shooting himself too.wth.
@jbuford87 no worries. I didn't get my gloriously fattening stuffed french toast  And I drove all the way to Okaloosa Island!
Wild forest art in Victoria http://brunosart.com No visitors allowed for now 
Brunch with the family this a.m....sad to leave  after a 3 1/2 hr drive I'm back in Ptown and at work!!
@blowjab I'm looking at our Rhythm Inc. Trip to Huntington Beach last summer  we need to do it again!!!
Watching Desperate Housewives at the apartment! Work tomorrow  @ Fairfax County Pky &amp; North Lake Dr http://loopt.us/D5bFbw.t
guess what...Olive Garden had the Moscato wine I've been looking for since I moved from Italy...should've tried some 
is bummed. Rain kept me from riding the Grizzly Peaks Century. Next week I need to ride 2-3 times to make up for it. 
Burnt muh tongue!  Why was the ravioli still hot 30 seconds after it stopped boiling?! ........ &gt;.&gt;
Home from Palm Springs!!  soo much fun!
I miss hanging out with the Hemlock Hooligans 
I'm sad that King of the HIll is going off the air.....I love that show 
is off to Brent X to get new Madina Lake album....woohoo...omg...cant believe im too ill to go to Madina Lakes concert in london.... -cri 
Oh noooooo! I just found out that after only 13 seasons one of my favorite shows ever, King of the Hill got canceled   Sniff!
@saeedku his visitor is a Queen of something!! and i'm hungry 
@NathanFillion Is Castle going to be cancelled?? 
@iPOPadmarket  What about a Cape Town list ?  
At Barry Island for the day 
Wishing I was in Grand Rapids. 
Oh, nom!  Burnt flesh smell on the metro.  I may be sick.  
@MarcusFabro we were running late to Stingaree, HAHA kept calling it Stingray and I had to shower and be ready in literally 10 minutes! 
@johannschwella Heavy days! I was in the Waterfront then, and saw the smoke on my way home. Lank bleak that it happened 
In total need of a get away.. maybe Wildwood???.. or just a day at Raceway? .. bahhh rainy day 
Slammin' a Mountain Dew 
watching Pearl Harbor--this movie gets me all the time 
Wishing my Sunshine headache would go away... 
Everyone on Capitol Hill is so drunk today that when they light up their face bursts into flames. I'm pretty sure I saw a dog blacked out 
I just got Rick Rolled by Royal Farms!!  
Salt River was amazing! Tan and tired, but hanging out with @clbreit and Tiffany until my 11pm red eye back east. So sad to be leaving 
Wondering how Theater Cedar Rapids' production of Hair went tonight. Sad we couldn't get to use our tickets. 
is watching Bay Area Derby Girls play Seattle's team! Exciting and close game so far.. I miss seeing Miss Moxie jam though. 
Is it just me, or is WIlliam Gibson's Bridge Trilogy not on audio book? 
We forgot to watch Harper's Island tonight 
@Blyn315. When I went earlier I couldn't get a Mountain Dew one 
Burnt finger on a light fitting 
Timber has a bad cold  - http://bnup2.com/p/551506
Drysuit repaired; rebreather prepared; going diving. Flat calm but the water does look very green 
Burnt the shit out of my mouth eating homemade pizza  it's too hard to wait for it to cool down!
Unit  9 Marked. 6 students failed to hand it in  .  Range of grades from U - A ... so frustrating as they were all in same class...???
@jessebrundell Aww I was down in Rosebud earlier, I miss you kiddo 
giving up on updating location in Fire Eagle. I can get GETs to work, but the POST you need to do for 'update' fails with invalid sig 
http://twitpic.com/4wv1h - Sunrise at Hilsboro Beach. Heading back now 
Mtn is cloudy 
is officially back from vacation  I miss you, Bonaire.
@angiepangie68 quite a lot of wine at the Dragon Gate? I've just finished one and a bit bottles and there is nothing left in the house. 
@Castle03 thanks nub, got la roux in my head now  make it stop?
@Maverick05 my score got totally raped last night 
@Lark_vamp_ sorry i missed the climbing last night   ((had to go eat dinner))
@rockphotogirl: Haha..her names Coral..it wont be the same w/out you 
Wander where's Lourdz aka Eureka in facebook? Why did she disappear? 
Resetting my Cave Story because I missed something missable. 
Plans for Redwood got cancelled. I even put on my Oly style clothes on. 
Just bought a ticket to see Blaze Bayley in Newport thursday.. Im so skint till payday but ive decided i cant miss Blaze 
what! I missed a half hour of One Tree Hill 
My niece Avalon is sick and i feel so bad for her. She looks so little and sad! 
my son said &quot; its okay to love white people, but we should believe we can trust them mama, they did the Natives dirty&quot; 
#twitterpornnames Mine: Tiki The Mount  [name of first pet and name of the street where I grew up] I kid you not... @feliciaday
Burnt my tounge on my ham, cheese &amp; tomato toastie      ow
@denicesy where's Valley Golf? haha! i missed hanging out with yoU! 
Reef View in SLNE, I want it for my own! I can just smell the salt air and feel the sand crunching under my bare feet.  RL limitations 
@One_Tree_Hill why are they leaving? 
Two vicious pitbulls attacked and killed my pigme goats yesterday...R.I.P. Bertie and Meridian 
@Brook_star @ronjohn78 said I couldn't get an X5 cuz it had too much power. 
Accident: 65S @ Trinity Ln. Fire @ 8400 block of Whites Creek pk thats blocking traffic. Weather: 68 &amp; overcast. Tstorms today  High of 79
Accident: 65S @ Trinity Ln. Fire @ 8400 block of Whites Creek pk thats blocking traffic. Weather: 68 &amp; overcast. Tstorms today  High of 79
I wonder if M&amp;S at Kings Cross is closed for good, no Percy Pigs 
Wtf i got a leak n my ceiling!  -Zymir Eden
@harrisarlene I'm over it too   But going to Grand Cayman in a month  . . .  need to stay vigilant!
i'm really hoping there wasn't a Harper's Island this week, cause if there was i missed it. 
why is Harper's Island not on tonight? 
cannot believe &quot;Silkwood&quot; is a true story 
Back from Cedar Point. 
got attacked by 2 trees on the Yarra Trails. Also saw 4 Roos, 25 cockatoos, and 1 headless sugar glider 
@AlleyCat24: I wish I could be there, watching a movie with you guys 
I have to be up by 5 am to get ready for the 4 mile run for charity over the Coronado Bay Bridge tomorrow. I forgot.... 
Laying down, getting told off by my so-called &quot;brother&quot; Sir Rocks! 
@moragbrand oh gosh you are reminding me of a bad time on the Waltzers at Alton Towers 
I was gonna go to Guernsey today, but it doesn't look like the Queen Victoria has anchored near St Peter Port. Darn 
I can't wait for Harper's Island tonight.. Shit.. i am still donig my assignment 
I can't wait for Harper's Island tonight.. Shit.. i am still doing my assignment 
Kalimera from a very windy, cloudy Ionian Beach. Thankfully, no rain but the sailing's off and I can't see many coming over from Patras 
Morning all, stats revision is what lies ahead . I'm missing The Coopers' gig for this 
I'm really going to miss my friends in the Bay area!! 
is sad that WA lost the Daylight Savings vote and we're stuck with no DLS   Lady tonight says she voted no:  &quot;baby cried because it wa ...
@Falcon1991  theres nolt decent out till then  cnt wait for infamus ....i dnt fancy pokemon or easports active lol
@Falcon_Chhangte 16th  everything that could go wrong did!
@_Loch_Nessie_ my tummy 
Psyching myself up for Bay to Breakers. 70,000 people and everybody will be drinking except me 
Pearl jam got jumped in atlanta.  omg i am in the same state as pearl jam and coldplay
@serenajwilliams  does that mean your leaving us ((snif Snif ) Palm Beachers for France for good 
planning the route to Craigdarrock Castle from Swartz Bay, Victoria. Public transit system is not listed on Google Maps  #vancouver
Mountain of ironing 
Didn't think thru Sun am flight during Bay to Breakers. Thank you, Embarcadero for being open! Crisis averted but will miss festivities 
@CraigFL playing Fallout 3 myself... unfortunately I have to leave for Miramar in 3 hours 
One Tree Hill is going to kill me tomorrow! I just know it  #oth
#CASARA ex this mo is fun: sim track crawl up Indian Arm -&gt; Squamish -&gt; Howe Sound. My role is non-flying tho  .
Oh thank heaven for 7 11! Too bad the coffee stinks today here by the Bay Shore lirr station 
Headed to VA Beach...  Free my nig &quot;Geezy&quot;
At long beach pride. It's cold here  in Long Beach, CA http://loopt.us/My64Nw.t
Burnt my finger on a very hot oven..............it hurty 
I dont know how to work out the Upper or Lower Quatile Range     Im gonna fail for sure..
Bay to breakers finalists are already flooding the outer sunset. Invading my tranquil oceanside community with noise and beligerance  
Southside. Drowning our sorrows from defeat. 
Checking out 5 Seasons Westside &amp; Retromodern going out of business sale...sad about the Grey's Anatomy finale I caught this morning 
So exhausted from yesterday..  &quot;River&quot; was really cold and hard.. 
Wishes she had gone to Bay to Breakers  ...next year for sure!
Headacheee  yet I still insist on having Queen playing at full blast.
When Cedar Point videos make you cry, you know you are homesick!!  Today sucks!!
so missing out on Long Beach Pride... and i'm sad about it 
And Byron Bay area. www.allnaturalexpo.com BOOHOO. None in the Sydney area 
Raining on the Gold Coast...no basketball tonight! 
Nt lykn Cape Town weather at all 
http://twitpic.com/5eygf - Wailua falls...do i have to leave tomorrow? 
a disturbed night. Little 'un still has high temp. Lower this morning but still hi. She stays home with nanny. I get the 7:32 to kgx 
http://twitpic.com/5eyzw - Wailua falls...do i have to leave tomorrow? 
starting to get sick. ugh. i don't need this! my cough hurts so bad.  Hoping to go to Granville Island for breakfast tomorrow though.
Cannon beach was awesome! Seaside a rainy mess 
was reminded again how Valley Medical is the place of hell and chaos. feel bad for those who don't have medical insurance 
No more Leyton  http://bit.ly/VXF13  #One Tree Hill
Is not to happy. Paused Pearl Harbor to do things..started watching it..then my cable decided to have a stupid check..lost PH. 
@disneyshawn Enjoyed the updates on Typhoon Lagoon. We've yet to do the Water Parks, never seems to be enough time 
Last week at The Hill!! 
Salmon for dinner  What happened to good food?
@daybrett Earthquake on Newport-Englewood fault. Same as 1933 Long Beach Qake that killed many. Sister works on 22nd floor in Long Beach 
@AngharadTomos that's how I feel only without the excuse of going to aber at 6am  are you going to Pier Pressure? &lt;ho ho&gt;
is going for a late night drive - I miss Mt Nebo and driving my car. Wonder if it will be anything like the 12 Supercars I drove 
Back in the office after a crazy week at Camp Lejeune MCB - car accident  - This week is Fortress WiFi training.
I miss my Sunshine 
@jaffa2 doesn't include Tahoma (amongst other fonts). Also, it should be installed by default. Thats what helps Windows win 
Mt flash triggers have arrived but are stuck in the sorting office for collection 
is showered, fed and back on the road! Here I come Rita McNeal's Tea Room! Still on Cape Breton Island! It's raining! 
Now in Albert Dock with @danbayliss and @SteveBrownCroy.  Hurt me ankle getting off the train - ouch 
@Marina183 im thinking about transportation wah  hehe aku mau though
At work in Fort Worth this morning...and already not having a very good day.  
@Appsanity Going to camp with the whole sixth grade at school to Orcas Island! I will be without tech  But it will still be a lot of fun!
Southern hospitality. For some reason it seems like there's more of it in Texas! I miss Flower Mound with my life! 
Miss my Amy &amp; Scooty is crying  in West Palm Beach, FL http://loopt.us/YuSZUg.t
is sad the only radio station he can get in Pohara is national radio  #fb
Beautiful sunshine in Paihia this morning. Rain in Auckland tonight. Holiday over 
@chelovechki Canceled? I thought Harper's Island was supposed to only be 1 season. Canceled mid season? 
I didn't get the King Pacific Job... 
@Delta224 Aww, damn... I hate that! 
@blogworld i am in de lobby of your hotel. Lets not have breakfast here. Eden hotel restaurant in amstelstraat is depressing 
I'm supposed to be in Myrtle Beach!!! 
@BrettBorders Was it a good season this year? I worked at Copper Mtn for a season back in '98 I think it was. Really miss the snow 
Sore throat  in Island Lake, IL http://loopt.us/zBddsA.t
My sister's going to Port Dickson tomorrow, the BF's heading to Redang on Sunday night, and I'm going nowhere. 
@QueenDisaster I miss Sunshine.  And I MISSED Sunshine today.  AND my dad is home. 
#Surf SWW 7ft @ 7 secs Wind: SW 12mph Air: 12?c Overcast/occasional drizzle Waves: No 
@Tray_Sea I never did get a good answer regarding the chewing paws I'm afraid. 
Grand major insomnia, 
The Sky is Blue, The Sea is calm!,   The Sun is beating down on the Beach! Must be my Weekend to work!!!!!!!!!!   
Leaving the boat today.  on to tour the Everglades.
according to the 2009 Cedar Point Rider Safety guide, I am 30 lbs too heavy, 3 inches too tall, and chest measurement that is too large 
Sound not working on my Hack'intosh! 
Picnic at Lakeside! Briefly before it rains!  http://short.to/b1lr
working from home, tending to cat who is ready for journey over the Rainbow Bridge  #fb
Humback Whale has washed up in Providence Town on the outer most beach  .  Hearing Cove Beach is a great fishing spot on Cape Cod.
French exam over, hopefully went well, lunch al fresco by the River Clyde, finally home but flat empty and Firefox is f*cked  Spanish next
Aaarrrggghhh!! Sober in a very drunk Newtown near midnight. WTF was I thinking! Zanzibar maybe? Please improve. Bank is shit. 
One more day until the reunion of the Tahoma Babes....minus one @ninaboatman 
At Mount Zoomer makes me think of [last] summer 
Just took the 59 from Waterloo to St Pancreas. At boots getting eye solution and gum. Lost my MVP hat 
@allanschoenberg! Thanks very much! Have a great weekend in Lake Geneva &amp; don't forget to tweet the game...still no friend stream on TB. 
No sleep for me last night, my eyes are puffy an my heart is broken  At least its nice out this weekend! Sunshine can make everything ok!
getting my daily dose of The View and job hunting 
 Tassie Devils are Endangered due to the viral cancer wiping out the species http://tinyurl.com/op5xyy This makes me a sad panda.
If I show up at the Mill tonight at ten, will other people be there so I can say goodbye in a suitably boozed up fashion? 
@audiojunky There's no Skyline where I'm going 
@flkipper Flagler Co - Palm Coast. The one that they keep mentioning has had the worst of the rain. 
Wishing she was getting ready for Ditch Fridays @ the Palms Pool.    can I please rewind to last week?
Oh no. The vet left a message earlier and said Husker tested positive for Valley Fever. 
Ballin' to the last episode of One Tree Hill. I can't believe it's overrrrr!!! 
@lamborghinibow Bow what happen, damn im late 
@aglick35 Mountain View is all but a ghost town after dark  The only thing open worth eating is your own kitchen, sorry.
@MsMhandi bummer about your camera  Bend was amazing! We laid in the sun, floated the river, ate a lot and drank! Perfect weekend!
Burnt my popcorn. 
Bridges Pets is moving it's Lake Stevens store  it is only going to be in Snohomish now. It is the best pet store ever!!!
Looking through NYC's #River2River book for this summer. So many interesting events, appeals to more others than me.  There's gotta be 1!
really wanted to go to Java Queen for lunch but scotty no mates here had to settle for belle journee - not quite the same 
@sukritid oh man, so so good sounding. i miss Nud Pob  not much in the way of thai food in Saratoga Springs...
J-Bay's about to see some good stuff  I'm jealous.  He's staying in SA for at least a week.
@I_AM_Key that was taken 
@brittnyjean ps. Sole was closed when we were in the Pearl so I couldn't even get high off shoes 
@WowInsider I have a Level 80 Druid and a Level 80 Deathknight. The Rogue is still at 70, lacking motivation 
@TheTombert i was watching Harpers Island, lol... there was no vodka involved 
Burnt 3 of my fingers from trying to keep my hands warm over the rice cooker. 
cant take photos of Darling Harbour fireworks cause its raining  carried all my camera gear to work for nothing #fb
@sdrb  You've got to love fly tippers: http://tinyurl.com/mt4opc  Worst I've seen is a dead mule dumped on Holmbury Hill. 
Cross Country was today...Hmmphh my feet hurt 
@philiplinden @secondlife Blake Sea should have been a water sandbox (a la Cordova), but we can't rez objects and autoreturn is 5 mins 
Burnt the fuck out of my hand today. 
@JanaiChristian While im stuck INSIDE in Elk Grove Village working all day   Someone should enjoy it!
No more Mtn. Dew in mini-fridge. 
@ericworre say hello to Marina Green ... couldn't participate in Barcelona this weeken 
Had an interesting evening amongst homeless people in Venice Beach last night, wishing I had my camera with me........ and model releases 
Where can I get nice food for Mam down the Bay that a) is likely to have room for 3 tonight and b) isn't the mingin' burger kitchen 
iPhone today! I want to see The Morning Of in Virginia Beach, but I don't think I can get there 
Beautiful day on Ocracoke just hope the thunderstorms stay away this afternoon...it's not looking good 
piecing a photo quilt for Boeing employees to be hung in Huntington Beach. Sadly, many people in the quilt pics are now laid off. 
one hour till I go home and commence pouting because no Bahama trip for me 
LOVE getting gifts in the mail from my very wonderful friends back home!! How I miss Myrtle Beach so much... A little homesick today 
Burnt from the lake 
Reception food at Long Beach graduation = no Champagne  http://twitpic.com/67eba
Oh no!!!!! It's raining on our Sea World parade  http://yfrog.com/0wvnpj
@PaulaAbdul I was supposed to go boating/songwriting in Cape Cod.. but its cold and rainy 
@bowwow614 hey Bow when yu comin baxx 2 thaa 614 we miss yu hun  ...614 all day!!
@mercutiom i know! i just got off the phone with them. it will leave a Giant hole on Mill. + Regions also closed. 
I'm headed home.. Sea world closed early 
? ? ? You can't be 29...on Sugar Mountain...(or so people tell me...)  ? ? ?
@francaiskitty I miss rollerblading down Shoreline.  
Who'd have thought Wallace &amp; Gromit and the team behind Monkey Island could have combined so disastrously? 
Looking for the @japadog in Coal Harbour. Can't find it! 
For some reason, Corona Light tastes so much better when I am with you than it does when I am alone.   http://twitpic.com/67wa0
Client consult in Valley Ranch, then home to work some more 
there is poor lost duck outside of Olive Garden. that makes me sad 
@mpellegrini hurts to be you! Sunshine all weekend and you don't get to play. That's sad. 
Finally eating unagi I've been saving up for a while! +udon :] AGH I just realized the band playing at Bear Garden today is one I like! 
No Rockin on the River for me, tonight... 
@ the Eldorado house, goodbye Aliante house. *Memories made, memories fade! 
@Mtn_Dew tokens haven't been working for me all day.... 
Still raining here in The Bay...I forget what sunshine looks like ! 
A short trip to Magic Sands Beach before our Lua'u. Only one day left.  http://twitpic.com/683li
@Bookfoolery I didn't like Sag Harbor.  #BEAtwittyparty
Just heard No Doubt is coming to VA Beach next month.  why not one month later?
Daylight's receding. Sky is like Caesar's Palace, LV. Temps dropped-67. Breeze trailing through. Still don't want to go inside.  
@kellas I love Blossom! I had no choice to grow to love that show--my mom forbade me to watch 90210 
@Athena_of_Forks I've applied pretty much everywhere. I had an interview with the campus cell phone office, didn't get the job. 
@deirdresm Majestic Orange. Tried to buy more from the 2 sources I knew about in Singapore, but no luck. 
I need to find more constructive ways to spend my summer, other than watching One Tree Hill obsessively. I'm going to go change. 
Posion Oak face ... not cool - ruining my whole weekend 
Lake not that fun with sick hubby!!  Bless his heart (or belly) 
sardine packed on plane~sat next to man w/ swine flu symptoms &amp; now on vacation day 3 in Sedona/Grand Canyon still SICK   
LOLs about Linden Labs &quot;grandfathering&quot; of Homestead prices: Pathetic spin doctoring of teh worst kind 
Thanks Hiram -  the big 50 for me !   Western Hoe Down at the Post  Country music all night  yuck  
@RangeTheBeagle *gives you the longest...warmest...tightest snug I've ever given to you* So, so sorry to hear of your loss, Range. 
@polo65th can I come too!?  Bottom lip poked out
Late night snack at the Bridge: fish 'n chips 'n mushy peas. Um . . . okay? Super early call time Sat; gotta be in Maple Ridge by 4:30! 
NIKE missile exhibit was closed today   But great hike on Mt Tam &amp; awesome meal at Mtn Home Inn - eyes crossed deliriously! 
Sand paper + throat = OUCH! 
@spydersvenom How is the Midway &quot;liqudation&quot; for a encore? 
@mfrancella I hope you all return for a tournament on Oahu next year. It was sad when the Fields Open ended..now SBS. 
damn you, Volcano super dark roast... please let me sleep... 
@markthompsontv Ugh...in Palm Springs and they don't air you guys  
Bridge to Terabithia chokes me up every time.  I wanna read the book though.
Stream is now offline 
Stream is now offline 
Drank a 2006 Alexander Valley cab - it was bottled for a large company, and I didn't like it that much  c'est la vie...
@Belle_Harmony There's no soup anymore.  I should've eaten some during lunch. tsk.
Just saw exotic-looking, lively bird near feeder. Siskin or Greenfinch, very quick movements. Can never get a pic 
wishes One Tree Hill season 6 was aired in Australia 
Late night, just got home - had fun with Tree, but wish sandbox had been there 
@mulder8scully5 Castle Howard Temple of the Four Winds.. known as the Temple of Diana. That pic was worth 3 pts 
@mulder8scully5 Castle Howard Temple of the Four Winds.. former name was &quot;Temple of Diana&quot;. That pic was worth 3 pts 
@mulder8scully5 Castle Howard Temple of the Four Winds..once known as the Temple of Diana. That pic was worth 3 pts 
Stream is now offline 
Just cried watching old One Tree Hill episodes. So sad 
wishing i could be in the sun, not setting off to work  Boundary MIlll Ball tonight. Woopee!!! But i have to do hair in ten mins...omg! 
 Eden missed a turn and then drifted. It was so damn scary. ((
Wish I'd known about the whales at Kommetjie. I hope they can sort it out 
Wish I'd known about the whales at Kommetjie sooner. I hope they can sort it out 
Sunshine  have I mentioned I hate summer ?
a sunny day, no work, should be either in the Peak district hiking or at Fircombe Hall on the coast... Instead stuck in Dinno... 
OOooooh Violet Hill is at 42 plays on my itunes   im gonna change that by playing it again 
Ready for a day on Lake Norman! Everyones gonna wakeboard but preggers fat butt tina can't 
Day 2 at Cedar Point and still no Millenium Force  Apparently the Force isn't with me.
@awrd re:Mystic River - similar realisation. I missed it a cinema. Now feeling its darkness 
Cape Town's tragedy 55 beached pilot whales at Kommetjie Beach 
I've got to trim the Sago Palms today and there are hornets or wasps in the fronds ...      Yowie !!
Hope and pray the 50+ Pilot Whales beached on Kommetjie Long Beach will be saved. 3 have already died. 
wish i could do summin to help the whales stranded on Kommetjie beach 
@MileHighNZ I know its the Capital! :p but I thought that's where your road trip was taking you?  so where is &quot;Mt. Doom&quot; lol work with -
All wet sports Victory Lake wake comp today!!!!   I'm only a spectator...  
@FRESHLYGROUNDsa hope you back in Cape Town soon 
At Silver Sands Beach in Aberdour, fantastic weather. Long ice cream queue though 
back in Tortola, sailing is over. I'm feeling seasick out of the boat 
Yesterday was gonna go to Antelope Canyon for photo op., but due to weather it got canceled. 
*sighs* my head is going to explode from revision and then all I will be able to do is go and hang out in Sleepy Hollow 
Out in Hallendale Beach sitting next to a beautiful pool that is beachside because lightning is permitting no one to enter it. 
Having my last Kalik before leaving the Bahamas. 
http://twitpic.com/69i2i - Otter, no Beaver tough!! 
Going wine tasting in Sedona, but sadly no Grand Canyon b/c @zachaj and @josephpwilson had already been and vetoed 
I hate driving up to a place only to find it's closed down (@starbucks in Huntington Beach / Warner/Beach blvd) 
@ur_Queen_2beee I want sum pancakes w/ chopped bananas  give me sum please lol
@domesticspaz oh cool! I'm in East Lake Worth. Misquitos killn you? Terrible here 
Upper Crust seem to have a monopoly on uk train station catering 
Ferry from cowes 2 so'ton! Hols ova... 
Ferry from cowes 2 so'ton! Hols ova... 
beached whales on Kommetjie beach - really sad 
At Hapuna without my camcorder  http://tinyurl.com/l4bl7k
Stream is now offline 
@SanjanaSharma Lower Parel office ryt ? I got a offer from them to work in supply chain project ....but the locationwas too far - Biwandi 
those of you who are wondering...we lost our flipcam and haven't been able to record King's Carriage episodes..sorry  it'll be fixed soon!
i think im gonna cry again.  2 Grand!
#bgt  Two Grand... is awful   go away please.
@brokenfacedgirl You've seen the light. I seriously can't believe they sacked Brook and kept her 
Stream is now offline 
@musicxisxlifex you don't live on Grand Island, unfortunately  so we can't hang out, even though I'd LOVE to 
@derryX Its St Pauls on 13th street in Troy. I came here with my gramma since I was a lil one. 
@MadelynReynolds and I meeting up with @justinmjohns rt now! ...headed down to Newport Beach in a bit. Where's @Vogelpedia ?? 
Soooooooo wishing I had thought this out better  I dont want to leave @madsoli3 &amp; Olive  &amp; girls....even just for a day
@whskr @OscartheCat found his way to Rainbow Bridge and we all are so sad and send loves to his family! 
@demongirly Where do you go for that? I go to Mario Tricoci in Oak Brook but my favorite eastern block masseuse guy seems to be gone 
Looking for Splash Mountain. I hope its not a 2 hour wait 
Got sum Rhode Island Reds..n abt 2 months we will have fresh eggs! My dog Duke died 4rm Rattlesnake bite! 
Footprint's in the Sand &lt;3 Makes me cry everytime *tear* 
West Palm Beach Flickr Set is up.... I think I'm going to have to break down and get a subscription  http://twurl.nl/vu67ii
Cross Edge is sitting in this apartment and I cannot play it   At least not for a few hours.
Painting the fence this afternoon, a bit like the Forth Rail Bridge, taking ages   Oh dear, can't find the sun tan lotion!
Mann this Light Ranch tastes like Mayonaise.. 
@xGeorgiaEloisex Rest Bay/ Porthcawl. i hate being burnt 
#bgt I LOVE 2 Grand, i think they are really sweet! But then holly is such an amazing singer for a 10 year old and i really love Julian! 
Selling Silly Ceramic Wall Leg Vases by the Sea Shore! LOL! I'm not really by the seashore.  http://bit.ly/l4Wjb
Its freaken voggy and overcast here in Kona 
@Sunshine519 you just don't like me anymore 
... on the way home jst 6 hrs 2 go... going to miss Harper's Island tonight 
Watching Pearl Harbour  One of the best
Very windy on Lake Pelican, but with Marv Koep's help we wacked the Walleye.  Sun burnt face 
This documentary takes me back to my cali days..Monterey Bay 2b exact. I never knew seals &amp; sea lions had it this tough! tryin nt 2 cry 
Down in Siloam Springs now, just went up to their local theatre and questioned about a jobs. They says comes back later 
Cleaning my room. Wishing I was on the road to Cherry Grove right now, though!! 
I need to find more Bay Area folks so I can network with local peeps 
@kimbosliceey Huntington Beach. Sat/Sun. I can't do weekday classes 
Long Beach, Lakewood this morning, Compton this afternoon &amp; then I'm heading to Hollywood tonight. I haven't even had my starbucks today 
@RisMoney of course, I'm driving to Redford from Kzoo right now 
Salmon burger on the grill, thunderstorm looming  
I want some fish from Imperial Fish Market 
@OscarTheCat   I'm so sad that my anipal Oscar has gone to Rainbow Bridge today. Meowmy &amp; I send lots of hugs &amp; purrrs to his family  
Anyone knows any breeders in Victoria that sells cheap Malamute or Japanese Spitz puppies? I want Border Collies too but gf doesn't allow 
Burnt my thumb on the grill cooking steaks 
Good ride this a.m. but suffered leg cramps so cut it short   75 miles.  MTB tomorrow in Eureka Springs!
Boston's Hot Dog Safari at Suffolk Downs is tomorrow and I'm missing it  Go if you can!
@cuttingshapes Really?  Nothing in Miramar 
Captainn George for dinner and vacation is over thanx Myrtle Beach you were great . See you tomorrow Greensboro 
Three of my best friends are moving off of Long Island this weekend. 
Sunshine Coast - what a misnomer  should be called, Always-pissing-down Coast.
Thanks to the nice old lady who bought us Sex on the Beach shots... I'm wasted! 
Car broke down on the way to Carmel, spewing white smoke. Waiting for a tow truck in Morgan Hill.  
Last day at Valley View today 
I am totally bummedm my lil (adopted) bro's Eagle Scout ceremony is tonight in Sac and I'm gonna miss it    
@SongzYuuup at my Alma Mater! Give Hampton a HUGE hug for me. I miss my Home by the Sea 
@omgitsmemo me too  AND I'm going to eat at Green Valley Ranch... I hate my(fat)self LOL
Brooklyn 1/2Marathon was fun... finish line was Coney Island. Funnel Cake immediately after - tasted good but turned out to be bad idea. 
Posted on Ocean in sobe enjoying a hookah with the girls! Not ready to deal with next week! 
@jasonrockz352 k thnx! im like 5mins away frm a TV  dude u R0Ck
Standing on Pearl St. all alone. 
Fell on my butt n I'm now limping around old town Pasadena 
Anyone spare $10 Grand? 
Ugh #Moose lost. 
 @LAFD*UPDATE: SB 110 Fwy x 8th St* Correction: Dead female now '16 y/o'; LAFD complete; CHP &amp; Coroner to handle; NFD - Brian Humphrey###
@mitchelmusso I was just at the Grove this weekend!  Why weren't you there then?  
Who wants a game of squash tonight? Run is off due to weather 
paid vacation time over  I'll be ready to caffeinate you in Eden Prairie from 5am-10am tomorrow. then I will pass out. goodnight.
A very special friend died a couple of months ago from cancer and he was a huge Queen fan....I miss him terribly, he gave the best hugs 
We just got back from Queen Creek. I was helping our cousins pack because they are moving to Florida tomorrow. Weak 
I found out tonight that the Cedar Point trip will be postponed and we're not sure until when but it might be after classes start. 
@PaulaAbdul did you even get to see the sunset? It stayed overcast all day in Long Beach area, sun never once came out 
@majornelson Fry's in Manhattan Beach 20-30 min drive as well! Run Run! but too late they prolly closed now at 11pm 
during the show*...River boat gamblers got kicked off the stage as well  how sad.
@Nita2Nyce.It's just scheduling...Can't eat like im posed to when I'm doin a million things like today  Mt. Trashmore awaits
At the Corran Ferry beautiful morning, toilets locked 
Is feeling sad for the whales in Cape Town 
@KanoTigress Any luck finding Willow? 
Sunshine. Sunshine. Revision... 
Listening to old FT Island songs - I miss Wonbin! 
Stream is now offline 
http://twitpic.com/6br6d - Wish I was outside like last weekend at Chichester Harbour  Bloody revision!
One Tree Hill the best series. Sophia B and Jackson B.Are the best actress in the series,section of J and S stands at Q Chest made me cry 
2nd spot at the Balmoral Burn,1min 35 sec,1 sec behind 1st, let him out of my sights  next time, good training for Blackmores SRF
One Tree Hill the best series. Sophia B &amp; Jackson B.Are the best actress in the series,section of J &amp; S stands at Q coffin made me cry  
You were too young to die  .... Rest in Paradise
Bay bound...d highlight of my trip! PHC moro or next! Birthday wednesday! 
http://twitpic.com/6btyn Another view of Parrot Cay beach this morning. Nobody for Pilates 
Packing to go back to K-Hole for the summer  my room looks so empty with bare walls... got Escala on &lt;3
attending VoiCE at the Dolphin hotel.  breakfast w/o bacon 
packing and saying my goodbyes. Off to the airport in an hour- time to go home already  Next adventure in 2 weeks - NKOTB Jones Beach
@Rand_Raspberry  awww poor raych   dude its just a movie! that freaky ole lady wont try rape u dont worry haha
Terribly disappointed that I am not at Garden Ridge this am-the Jackson's are there talking about China...and I am not 
Yard sale day #2 - last day! Come buy our stuff pls!  15 Holbrook St, Jamaica Plain.
Having hard time deciding whether to buy the discontinued Eureka Seven Nirvash toy from Evil-bay at twice it's original price from 2005. 
wala na.. nagexpire and naubos na ang wildcoins ng Rosecliff Island.. 
@ToxicGiggle In the same boat, I've ended up writing an essay on masculinity in A View from a Bridge. 
just left the Farmers Market (Old Bay chedder!) and is now zooin' it! But no sloths  @ Maryland Zoo in Baltimore http://loopt.us/KDuN-w.t
Is in work, missing the craic of the Volvo Ocean Race 
hating Cape Town 
@Mahogany85 I would have but I feel asleep 
@rbsadie It's still Pleasure Island... it's just the CLUBS at PI that have closed.  
@jdeuman http://twitpic.com/64qoz - sad...it rained when you went to Mackinac Island? 
@DirtyGert Port Partum is not fun.   I've been there.  Hang in there daddio.
My arse hurts from slipping in Ashdown Forest  just thought youd all like to know
Eating fish n chips in Bar Harbor. Trying to ignore the fact that after this meal we're driving Larry to the airport. 
Aw, Coffee Plantation closed last night on Mill. That's sad. I spent many nights there freshman year studying for Chemistry 
@jackfaulkner why is it i'm always dragged away from a telly at Points of View time on a sunday? i always miss out on the fun 
I want to go home and enjoy the weather.  in Maple Grove, MN http://loopt.us/HPbDig.t
@DaveyJam think I will send a pm to Pinecone tonight to say I am leaving 
Burnt feet on Pevensey Beach, silly British person who never sees the sun 
My last dinner at Ivy Malad.  I loved this place.
There are too many interesting meetups going on in the Bay area for me no to be there. 
Still can't play Blueberry Garden...  
Outdoor service was a smash! Tylers graduation party now, then to the funeral home. 
@barkyjones i'm pretty sure it's Chinook  actually i just want cookie dough ice cream in a waffle cone, any ideas?
@iamsoso have fun natalie so! I'm so sad I didn't get to see you before you left the Bay. 
Hole 18 claims another of my discs 
@PublicityHound Too hot to be out gardening for me, otherwise I would be out there all day as well!  #Gardners
fantastic week off, chilling with the boys, bobbing around on Loch Ness, catching up with friends. Don't want to go to work tomorrow 
At Village Pointe movie theatre for Carter's birthday party. NIGHT AT THE MUSEUM instead of UP. 
@ChadMichMurray =( One Tree Hill won't be the same without my favorite actor 
Passed on going to Lilac fest... to work.. 
appears, even wearing vampire-strength sunblock, to have got burnt   Pass the calamine...
@ajoohoo garden is now hops bushes, fairy dusters, baby zinnias and growing sunflowers- it will b full bloom while I m at Haystack 
is at the Bridge, as usual. I want transportation!  sad face for my car Bonita
Burnt all over my body &amp; in pain  Should have but sunscreen on!
Just got back from sushi, Run for Water, and I just found out that one of my wisdom teeth is growing in... 
@petmd Was Orangutan Island but @animalplanet didn't renew for a season 3.   (I'm sure @redapes would agree!)
Cedar falls.. So many memories. 
@Madsoli3 I need a twitpic of baby Olive to inspire me  ...feeling overwhelmed w/ info ....
@Mtn_Dew glass bottle is of course the best, but i can't find dew in glass any more 
On my way home-goodbye Squaw Valley 
@Capri28 no food sadly  an grrrrrrr cos i put my new pic up hours ago an it still ain't showing! lol
Fort Myer is a wonderful small post filled with pleasant people.  However afternoon traffic is dreadful......Two hours to get home.   
The Grey Gardens HBO movie is sucking the life out of me. I've invested enough time in it I feel like I should finish it... 
Burnt nipples+stripping= ouch 
Hill finale..so sad 
Home. Burnt from the sun today  but who cares.
Really sad Coffee Plantation on Mill is closing 
Potero Hill's Whole Foods was terrifying and claustrophobic. Wonder if it was the Noe Valley refugees. Hope ours isn't like that 
Queen spilled Zeppel on my keyboard yesterday. Now the touchpad is sticky. 
now how did we know rob was going to win that one??? lol. ugh rob. bad joke. I was actually voting for Prince Caspian. 
Lake day was a complete success! I'm sad it's already over  starting the countdown to E's wedding...5 days!
No do the real Im on a Boat  hehe Forest doing Dick in A Box!
Getting ready to cross the stream, a few days diving in Bimini. The bad news: &quot;Squalls out on the Gulf Stream...&quot; 
For clarification: full invite, but it's a pay your own way movie situation... Oakridge is mean and doesn't take call-ins 
leaving Palm Springs nowwww. aww. i wish this weekend could last.  
Pine allergies?!  Whoever thought of such a thing?  #fb
It's apparent that Trace doesn't want me here in twitterville 
Pearl Harbor is bringing me to tears  such a sad movie
The movie Pearl Harbor still makes me cry... 
I Got Burnt 
shocking Topaz morning..sad story 
@Tranquillity71 Too long 
55 beached Pilot Whales in Kommetjie, be warned this is VERY sad  http://www.africanpenguin.co.za/whalegallery.html
55 beached Pilot Whales in Kommetjie SA . Be warned this is very sad  http://bit.ly/1e8Ni
 did't have proper food from morning on...  Liquid diet... Citrus in breakfast &amp; apple shake in lunch... missing home food
 did't have proper food from morning on... Liquid diet... Citrus in breakfast &amp; apple shake in lunch...
I'm still shocked about what happened yesterday but I am looking forward for going to cinema with Marina &lt;3 hope it destracts me a ..  &lt;3
I'm still shocked about what happened yesterday but I am looking forward for going to cinema with Marina &lt;3 hope it destracts me a bit  &lt;3
Rode bike to work along Taff Trail for the first time in 6 months  Birds singing, fish jumping  Pollen count sky high. Arrgh!
menyanyikan reffrain Sloop John B by The Beach Boys dengan sepenuh hati...&quot; let me go home..i wanna go home..let me go home..&quot; 
Off to Cedar Point today!  Taking 30 of my FCCLA students.  We are going to be rained on...    
@pilgrimfamilyuk oh bless him,Eden got upset when I left her at school today  didnt look as though she was going to get her physio either
@squampton I though you'd be at the game - your team is losing the the Carp 
@bobbyllew as the years pass this Country has become more common or 'lower class' if you prefer. Arghh I have to get out of this Country 
Alton towers was wicked in the sun... Bit burnt tho  x
Just been delivered the crippling news - Chicken Cottage  near Waterloo station has gone! In respect here's an unhappy emoticon  
Fay Hokulani tweeted has so much clean!! Clothes everywhere  Torture! http://tinyurl.com/lqzmps
Bellvue has a lot of crazy people... Most of them work for au bon pain  YIKES!!!
what a cold day in Port Wing today!!! 
Ft Island Showcase 270609 S$100 for 60 min $_$ i'll just see them from afar unless I get the tix for free, which is of course, impossible 
enjoyed great weather and fantastic rollercoasters @ Cedar Point in Sandusky, Ohio this weekend. Minus Millenium Force. Down for repairs 
On the bus to go to Save The Bay. Listening to poor music through staticy speakers 
Burnt by the curler 
AECL's Chalk River reactor is down for hopefully only 3 months with heavy water leak. Global medical isotope shortage coming!  
@karicanary I live in Matanzas Woods (the L section).  I usually don't take my cell...maybe I should get a tiny thing of mace. 
Sunshine, heavy rain, sunshine, heavy rain... And cold all the time  Where's the summer?
Oak St Serials off to an awesome 2nd week. Change in key player due to injury, broken ankle maybe.  Last week: 5807 vols./465 call # seq
Very sad about Rio to Paris jet lost over Atlantic. Not much hope left but clinging to impossible idea it's in Cape Verde or something. 
i went all the way to Stony Brook at 7:00 am on the wrong day...fml 
At the library checking my em because I lost or left my power cord in Chapel Hill 
Going to dig @  the Trails w/Adam.  Surf is flat today.  
@JustBellaCullen Bells!!!! *smiles* Heeyyyy I am good, how are you? What are you doing? I miss you 
About to go on stage with The View girls. I'm a little nervous, I always get shy when I do these live shows  Wish me luck! xoxo P
@mugdho Yes, I am sure it is in the ocean.   I don't think they were anywhere near the Berumda Triangle...
Crap, it's raining, despite what weather.com says!  we're supposed to set up at Camp Pendleton today.... 
Boardwalk with thee girls!!! The weather is kinda cold though 
just got back from volunteering and is sad that Rocky the Pacific octopus died!  
Burnt thumb now has a blister 
@LaurenConrad Sound was going out in ontarion too! show was still awesome! really gonna miss you on next season! 
Our thoughts go out to the family of the little boy who lost his life in the River Dee back home yesterday. Tragic. 
What a day. had fun at the beach. Burnt to a crisp now, ouch 
E3 ign.com Stream ist down 
Windy at the beach 
@Strawberry87 how's assignment?? i still have tons to do 
Dam, I really miss riding the light and Tempe Town Lake 
at the guys at Swan, have you ever tried getting your pop-a-tip filters out of the tube? its impossible to get more than 2 out! 
off to my last day of GOTR  what a great time! &quot;Girls on the Run is so much fun!&quot;
There aren't any baby ducks at Mirror Lake 
@getbusy How come we didn't see eachother at the Lilac festival?? 
Tow chateado 
@jenniferchen_ I so would, if I was there. Unfortunately I am across the Pacific Ocean in Tokyotown! Blergh... 
Plain no-ruling index cards can suck it. I bought the wrong ones from the bookstore 
@Capri21099 awww tink tink. you don't have the come back. you not talking to me no more? 
Luving The Sunshine But a little burnt 
@freeryan I hope where ever you end up is pink - that house rocked and Basin won't be the same without it! 
@absolutgirl Dinosaurs Alive, Wild Ocean 3D, &amp; Hurricane on the Bayou, which has been playing for a couple years. I checked Imax already 
@Tsali that's not good  bad dryer!
And.. goodbye Spring Hill Plant. 
@KevinDavis1914 Aww man. I wanna go to Cedar Point! 
@jacobmengelkoch I'm sorry  I forget you live in Elk River...next time! there will be a next time, I know there will!
pulled my knee on a climbing trip at Mount Nemo yesterday  
Anyone see &quot;Street View&quot; anymore on Google Maps (Bay Area)? Doesn't show up on my maps 
@telltalegames except when you get me all excited about a new Monkey Island series and then disable paypal 
On my way home in Pond's car. Rush hour traffic 
Pearl Harbor, love this movie so much. I cry everytime 
On my way home after a lovely evening in the gardens of Canary Wharf with a friend. Now? More work 
Watching the movie 'The Man From Snowy River&quot;.  One of my favorites when I was a kid.  I miss riding. 
http://yfrog.com/1o762xj new look, vetoed by Amberlea 
@bengoldacre Hardly restricted to Marble Arch; most big pedestrian crossings let the cars go straight, folk on foot go the long way round 
The Queen said &quot;throw gasoline on the fire&quot; on top of Portland! 
I haven't a clue why, but my reception is shit tonight at Darien Lake. 
@GValentino Love Thunder Road but could cry The River right now 
@CaseyLynnN If you and Keys ever get married, can I be in the bridal party? I'm friends with like...2 girls ever. 
Just checked into the Hotel in St. Johns, what a late flight, and bumpy too 
Headin to Waikiki to scoop up the ladies...unfortunately its time they leave this island! 
@coreyann me &amp; my lil one watch his shows on saturday mornings. I was amazed when I heard he was coming. I'm in Dells tho so will miss it 
@myrtlebeachblog Unfortunately, that wouldn't be me...   I rarely, if ever, venture below the Delaware Water Gap.
Saying goodbye to our favorite Couples Negril staff members. 
@ErinHarvey AGAIN? We were at Creekside last year and loved it, and even said that we were friends of yours, but got NO SPECIAL TREATMENT 
@kirstiealley OMG how could you do that to me!!! No Dairy Queens on Long Island!!! 
Crest Whitestrips make my teeth hurt! 
@Chicken_Hunter When Scouts don't stand still so the Medic can heal their dying asses because they have to be all twitchy it makes me 
@babygirlparis I wanted to watch you on The View but they interrupted it with a &quot;Special Report&quot;... 
@babygirlparis I wanted to watch you on The View but they interrupted it with a &quot;Special Report&quot;...  (via @djranny) I know, right!!
reading some more of Shutter Island, then off to bed.  Early class tomorrow 
Paradise lost 
Came back from Kundasang... Mt Kinabalu is so lovely...but forgot my camera 
has realized that after hearing Wil listen to &quot;I'm On A Boat&quot; by The Lonely Island too many times that she has never been on a boat 
Calling the vet tomorrow. Cross ur fingers I don't have to go in  anni's ear still hurts  it makes me sad to see him uncomfortable...
Mountain gorilla caught in snare in Rwanda  saved by daring Mountain gorilla vets - check out story/photos http://bit.ly/566Fu
Just got the sadest news......Surfer round Lyall Bay was a good family friend and some of yall know him from Flows &amp; Foot Souljahs 
listening to Peak.FM - wish they loved us as much as we love them 
@amoeda with the demise of the Cerrito Speakeasy, I think baby-friendly filmgoing has been extinguished from the Bay Area. 
X-Plane iPhone Racing: F-15 - Canyons - Near midair, flameout, flat spin, crash &amp; burn, Goose didn't make it. 
@SamHowat Glen's a cool guy...got our ABR certification together! I've only been there once since he sold...it will never be the same. 
Forest Fire Grows to 800 Hectares   http://bit.ly/aY0HD
Finally made it to last episode of Twin Peaks...I wish there were a 3rd season 
@CrunchyK lucky! i have only flown over the Statue of Liberty  and it was in a crop duster airplane and it was hella windy!
@stupid_reasons only at Jordan Creek to buy apartment stuff  sry 
just got back from Torrance. Woring on Project  Sleepy and going to eat then bed.
@BBRRIITTTTYY  its very depressing, I need my TV shows! haha, my faves always get axed! eg One Tree Hill! ='(
Sound problems 
Stream is now offline 
Peak hour traffic sucks even more with a headache. 
I left my new glasses in Capri...so upset 
Is that Mist I saw today as I left Waverley Station this morning? 
@MissRichards We're closed annually for 3 weeks in Spring term and 5 in summer term for the Upper school lib to be an exam room. 
View from the office, wish I was outside  http://twitpic.com/6gfhh
Browsed a rack of Mountain shirts in the local Zoo, but to no avail.  #wwdc http://tr.im/n8P8
wish I could drive, it's too hot to walk to Whitley Bay and back 
Sound card is roasted  need new 1
Of course, I had to delete all of my Dawson's Creek to do so.. 
Brian Lake has played the 'help @troyjh 's dreamteam out' card at the tribunal and gotten off. 
Was working most of the weekend  But got out for a short Kayak trip to Islan Eddy yesterday.
Was working most of the weekend  But got out for a short Kayak trip to Island Eddy yesterday.
in shakeking cant find a starbucks  next best thing , really hot here ... Beach time ! Xx
@wildisthewind is more dificult to have here in Basque Country  maybe you need to search ;-)
just found out that someone deleted Wuthering Heights from the Skybox. 
@eddieizzard Sunny down in Brighton, bit stuck inside with broken leg 
@twinklybee I wish I was at home in Penmon near Beaumaris instead of slaving in the Lake District 
Eating Strawberry Jaffa cakes... not really that tasty 
@eddieizzard Cape Town bit chilly - winter is here 
is going to Anvaya Cove on thursday \/ gonna miss training though 
Traffic lights at Windsor Bridge are only letting through 3 vehicles at a time - causing tailbacks on Upper Bristol Rd &amp; late buses 
Finally got a good DVD of the Grand Canyon Trip to burn. I guess 6 times is the charm. Maybe I should get a MAC 
The weather forecast (Bay Area) is depressing me.  
@shmashmanda I would definitely be a zombie for you if I was in town, but I'll be upstate, grr! I've never been to Governor's Island. 
@Islander21 heeeyyyy!!!  that's so mean! Its the worse thing u can wish for a person! :'(
Note to self never soak your coffee mug in soap. Ethiopian Bold Cascade isn't my fav 
Another day here in Long Beach. For some reason I am always sick on my days off 
Is Sharkbait Reef any good? I've still not visited yet. 
breakfast at polly's today... In Long Beach 
Update on my co-worker's brother on the Appalachian Trail (yesterday's post http://bit.ly/Zbt4K) -- he had to leave trail due to injury. 
@DonnieWahlberg where u going 2 b on Long Island?? I can't go to Jones Beach show cause it's the same night as my girl's pre-k graduation 
Crapola! The forecast still says thunderstorms every day (for our trip) in Myrtle Beach    Rain, rain, go away!!
Bad part of summer ... Mt Baker disappears until the fall    Smog stuck in the valley is not fun
is cranking the Porcupine Tree but I miss my long hair. Nothing to toss around while I headbang. 
Burnt my fingers curling my hair.... owie 
Burnt the tongue.  grr.
Off work. Burnt a chunk out of my hand from the grill. 
Just rediscovered my motion sickness while flying over the Grand Canyon. I closed my eyes for 90% of a $300 helicopter ride 
hey Marina - no good  that your still sick
@CourtneyChesley The orig 1975 is just called &quot;Grey Gardens.&quot; &quot;The Beales...&quot; is the unused footage. Can't find the PBS special. 
Why did that last update take so long to register? Gay. 9 hour drive to FL... missin' Ivy &amp; Isolde - mostly Ivy. 
And I need more beer, didn't get the Grand Canyon job.  At least they called? Fuck.
Paddington Bear is too hot, I don't like the heat  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6636198
Another day of nothingness. Plain sucks... 
Soon I have to go to the Grand Canyon! :l I'm happy and a little sad. I might be gone for, like, 5 days on the computer.  AND I MIGHT NOT
Flipping thru fashion mags and thinking &quot;oh how I miss my pretty pretty #lacoste red shades, that is now at the bottom of Bass Lake&quot; 
Just saw Gaelic Storm, they were amazing! Really good time, even though we got there late because of bad service at Orapax inn 
I lost the Land's End trip to Barbados. 
@wickwade Avalon is NO MORE  But there is a dope HOB that opened up there instead.....u guys should play it!
@rssanborn Flat rate is nice...buying individually eats up so much money! 
@tcostic Mt last name has two l's...I can see you mean to @ me, but the username isn't mine  lovvvve you!
Halfway to San Frans Coffee when it starts drizzling. But on my way back matahari terik plak 
Burnt myself so many times today  hot water heater decides to work on the hottest day ever. And stupid oven door :@
mythbusters just told me that Point Break is not real! 
We were supposed to have tea at the Penninsula, but my pigtail-wearing, free-spirited/artistic sister's flip flops didn't pass dress code 
#BritishSeaPower at High Rocks, Tunny Wells is pushed out to 2nd august 
@textdrivebys I went to one called MonkeyHouse near Silver Lake but it was closed 
@wolvesparkies Pollen count is definitely high in W'ton today, it's the first day I've suffered 
Is in Orchard now. It's so boring to walk but not shop.. 
Day #2 is here. Dead phone yesterday.  Saw Texas from Empire State building. Haha A good night rest and off to Liberty Island!
Cedar Point today. It's supposed to rain all day  let's see how acuurate the weather report really is, I'm hoping notaccurate at all.
I'm having a hard time going to sleep.  @ High St &amp; Orange St http://loopt.us/pK9qzQ.t
Alton Towers was epic. I wish it wasn't over 
@TheFifthDriver That is not great news at all  #MTC Swan Watch
@spr33 @ScottSharman @Rocks4Ever i hate that chocolate is shrinking  We can't even blame the recession #BringBackBig
@lady_Amethyst it hurts when you touch it 
@RockinChick09 yeah i know. i want a Strawberry one so bad. i can almost taste it ahhhh! my stupid lil bro ate them all!! 
Burnt my tongue something bad on a cuppa! 
It is a beautiful day in Pawleys Island, too bad I don't have a window 
Productive meeting. Apparently I am going to go to Riverbend now 
just tried placing my Candles by Victoria order at work...it wont go through  I guess I'll do it from home tonight.
Last day in orange beach  in Orange Beach, AL http://loopt.us/DFxrYw.t
it is a cruel joke that it is sunny and warm today and I am chained to my desk next to a big picture window with a view of Mount Rainier. 
[LOL] Mystic wtf serenade hahahhaa i guess ur right bro hahaha ! and time for me to start my day. off to court  fuck speeding tickets!
i'm going to Sharks Bay....hmm wonder why they call it that?..i'm scared of sharks  love em though, would be cool to see one.
3rd &amp; Pike smells like banana runts.  Also, Ride the Ducks is full of orange shirts &amp; signs saying bringing the street to the square.
@Robbie_Thomas I actually saw the island that was filmed for the image of Gilligan's Island, near Nassau and Paradise Isle. No T-shirt 
@Mahogany85 I'm ok, had a root canal today so my mouth hurts  hopefully it'll be better tommo, why u up so late?
Is there anything to do here? I feel like I miss out on a lot b/c we live in Kuna  I guess I'm doomed to be a &quot;country girl&quot; forever...
@Adcuz Solent Pedal postponed due to force 4 to 6 winds - Coast Guard will not allow us to attempt the task. Just a postponement 
Going on a hike today up Butte Mt. in Palmer Ak. Rosie can't go. 
@airrun  2morrow night? 6/14 Napa event? DJ night @ Rosewood? That's all I have on my calendar right now. We cld always meet @ Pyramid 
Listening to The Drone Bay #21 while eating lunch - http://is.gd/PhfH I should have been on the show, but t'was recorded during workday! 
@Mahogany85  how old is he now ?
I'm moving from Camelback Capri next weekend  it was a good run while it lasted but time to upgrade
I just saw a Pappa Smurf Caprice in Newport News, Va. This shit has to end... 
We are planning to go camping  today near about 30 miles southeast of Lake Tahoe. Rain may mean we come home early 
I really wish i could go to Aikido of Modesto's &quot;Weapons Training by the River&quot; this weekend! just bad timing  hopefully they do it again!
Surf trip got cancelled it's a bit cold &amp; I'm sick again 
Last day at TC   It's been great working with you all, I'll miss you guys!  Feel free to come visit me in Cannon Beach this summer!
Stream is now offline 
No Kings Island 
@TammySassin too many great things and no $$ BTW I still haven't been to Ocean Prime 
Islander77 Hurt me feelings..I dererve an apology 
@VerityRobinson aww  you can do it! and lol the other day i tweeted @verityrobin and now you tweeted @Strawberry !!
Graduating from middle school is weird, I remember the first day I started Bonita vista Middle  *sniff* *sniff*
I wish I could go to the Grove and see @mitchelmusso 
quite a bit of a sad morn. Bay's horse died 2 weeks ago.  Here's a pic. http://bit.ly/9JgUU
Tenderloin on Fire.  http://bit.ly/g1JVG  Bowie Ball postponed 
Driving out of Cambridge when Over the Rainbow by Israel K. comes on = sad times. 
1 spot down 3 to go.....Headed to Camp Creek MarketPlace!!! Court and I..wanna go swimming!!!! 
Miami Beach is under water, the traffic is horrible, the beetle won't make it home  stuck at CH
last day in #sydney  gonna eat breakfast at the fish market, and then enjoy the Darling Harbour Jazz &amp; Blues Festival until evening
Brush fire on our evening trails...  and uncomfortably close to home... prayers, please!
@dani3boyz lol. I really can't  I'll *hopefully* b doing something with the Lighthouse people on that day. If not, I'll b at the party.
Hole 5: lost a fifth ball. down to 3 left. 
I didn't realize how much I missed the adult store until we walked around ANF at the Grove.. 
Fire in Lake Forest again.  
@KurtSwann @TheresaCisneros I miss the Dodgers!  They unfortunately left Vero Beach 
Aw the video's not working  oh well, I'm watching Howls Moving Castle ^^
At Rose &amp; Crown. Almost empty on a friday nite. Note to Epcot entertainment, Carol's vacation replacement on the piano isn't that great. 
Masts clinking in the wind while I sit above the marina on Lake Washington, but not with @anticiplate 
James Coney Island food is nasty..... 
Hanging at the bohemian beer garden in Astoria. Karens last day 
now if only the Lake Charles Ice Pirates would come back.    
Just wasting time before I have to go pick Sam up from her trip to Cape Cod.  dang I really wish I could've gone 
The Battle Frontier is so frustrating, I die a little inside every time I see an Ice-Type pokemon destroying my sweet Petal 
Only one more hour, then it's goodbye Cedar Point until next year. 
I can't seem to find KNPR. I want Prairie Home Companion. 
Sand in the Suzuki. 
I am looking out of my den window at the sound and Vashon Island.  It's windy and the tide is high so no walk on the beach today. 
@AnnaBanana04 Awesome, glad to hear lawn is good. We r driving back to Bonita Springs after, not SRQ. Sis lives there, 2 hrs away I think 
@iamluvnjordan I'm hearing ya and thinking about Virgina Beach 
@uwhahn We are in Newport Beach! It's a great time zone.. been here since last sat.. head home tomorrow for 50 degree weather 
We had Dairy Queen in WV. I wanted to work there but I didn't get hired. 
@Poison_Ivy4 okay so I don't think we're gonna make it....still in Annapolis 
Last day at Oak Grove until next school year  Im going to miss all the people i work with!!!
is watching Whale Wars and can't believe what they do to those poor poor animals... am reminded of Hayden with the dolphins 
Camped again, listening to podcasts, pondering a coffee. Watsonia doesn't really do coffee shops very well...  - http://bkite.com/08dIU
Why is it so cold at Victoria Garden's?  but CPK will warm me up :]
@CreativeWolf yea, it's a much happening area of Salt Lake.. but dunno y the famous Chaat Hut remains closed in d morning.. 
There was a critical accident H1 West/Ewa at Wilder Offramp at 5:55pm. Closure may still be in effect [just read it  ]
Probably about to end up watching One Tree Hill. 
@nakedmac probably on Silver Lake, and we tend not to drink with my kids.  Plus beer is a gout aggravator, so I'm trying to avoid it.  
@Amethyst89 I did, yes. At about 4 am when i was awake feeling miserable. lol. I hate being sick. 
@Radioblogger Reading your &amp; H's excellent adventure gives nightmares-will be SanAntonia 4 me in Aug w/quick change in Salt Lake  #hhrs
It's snowing at Mammoth Mtn and I'm not there! 
Its raining, might not be going to Hemlock now. I am so depressed about tha  hopefully it will stop and dry up abit.
@ Pravada with the girls...nite almost over   dont want it 2 end!
It just hit me! this week is my last week of school. I'm gonna miss you aerobics &amp; you too Watermark 
Wow, was cold up in Lancefield for first day of 3 day cycling tour!  Next 2 days even colder and maybe wet 
@Angelayang jeeze....that's terrible. Northland? 
Heading to a monthly exhibition opening at SOAG Tighes Hill..just moved house today..legs verry tired ..clean up still to come 
@mitchelmusso i'm real sorry that i couldnt make it to the Grove last night  no one could give me a ride  how was the show?
@ mitchelmusso i'm real sorry that i couldnt make it to the Grove last night  no one could give me a ride  h.. http://twurl.nl/6mhx5m
In the car for Leeds Castle. I feel so sad 2day and i dunno why 
@janeslee @garethslee I don't think it was Port Talbot so much, as some of the people I encountered there. As you say, wrong night 
Morning! Today no DLR, no Jubilee, no Poplar... Makes it really easy for me to go to Bethnal Green... 
Arrived in Cape Town, its not raining but Table Mountain is in the fog 
please Lord, sana huwag umulan bukas... Mizuno Infinity Run... I want my finisher's shirt  haha
Bottom of my towel,because it was a string at the bottom! All i could do was scream!!  - wrst dream every!!
@Wick0r Oh, das doof!  Aber guck' mal da: Jens Lekman at The Echo in Echo Park, CA: http://tinyurl.com/qpy3ra (via @Under_Radar_Mag)
Castle on a cloud used to be my song to sing at parties now I can't remember a single word of it 
@Bow_ie_boy so is beef &amp; pork a horse or what you ate? did u see our boy symmo sent packing   doofus...
Closing night  Listening to 'Beyond the Sea' in the interval 
@DHughesy Soak it up while it lasts because we're playing St Kilda next week.  
Wide awake. So excited! Going to Coney Island today with Josh. Wish I had a camera  I never realized how much I loved my camera until now
In Starbucks. Have not been in one for a couple of years. I miss the local coffee shops in Venice Beach    Cincy is no Shangri La.......
Watching the 65th Ann of Dday at Omaha Beach at the coffee shop. Any commemoration of WWII stuff gets me so messed up. 
Cedar was awesome! Unfortunately, some idiot cut right in front of me while I was in line to get a hot dog, and I almost missed check in. 
Mom is taking me to Rock Creek Park!!  I'm just a little nervous because it will be my first ride on the Metro 
was feeling better so decided to give the shrubs a hair cut. Midway thru her migraine headache came back. 
Just spoke to Joburg Water, leaking valve in Illovo = no H20 in surrounding areas  need a shower after victorious cricket game this am.
Watching Pearl cry . . . she misses B and wants me to stay in her room and pet her 
Sherman (Blacksunslj) looked at the Palm Pre without me! 
Is having a good time in Palm Springs with the AKA's but I'm hella tired!  http://myloc.me/2NAh
@spoonergregory I used to live around the corner from Magnolia Bakery; personally I think Hummingbird is really overrated. 
Chisasibi is grieving today.  prayers to the Voyageur and Ratt family. Hopefully everyone gets through these sad times.
Flight delayed out of DTW to Green Bay for 90 min ... So much for being home before my boy wakes up from his nap 
Disappointed LL Bean thinks I would like pockets on the chest of a fuschia summer blazer. No Bayside blazers this year. 
packing- getting ready to go to Brooklyn, video shoot tomorrow morning, then straight to Lake Placid for a few days. yay- but super busy 
Mile High club? Not on this flight. No hotties on my plane  
@sunshineboat @revvell Yesterday = total disaster. 10 hours driving and couldn't find Live Oak. 
Volunteer for the Hawthorne 5k and Run half way, got a major cramp. I guess that happens when you dont stretch, 
I was thinking about going to the college party at White Beach, but it's really raining and I don't think I'll be going anymore 
Strawberry fair wasn't very good this year 
...bottom of 3rd...frank struck out twice  ....Rere hit cleanup straight down first....Safe!!!!
I need more Maple Story friends 
Mimosa time! I hope the rain clears up though. 
There's nothing like a rainy day along Lake Butte des Morts.  
STILL watching Pearl Harbour! This movie makes me sad 
I think they need to invent floors that you bounce off  Quarry tile floor hurts!
I can't handle this shit anymore.  When I move to St. Cloud, I think I'll come home even less than I do now.  I don't have a place in LF. 
Hrm. Penguin Planet and captive bald eagle at the Charleston aquarium = sad. No room at all. 
OMG it is june !!! summer , but oh hell no not in Green Bay, WI...no gotta be chilly and actually need a freaking jacket 
Lake sand gets everywhere. 
NOW 2 Noodle Theory locations! OAK &amp; now SF: Chestnut &amp; Lombard! I wish I knew I would've save Bridge Toll! 
Maple appliance service in  just ripped me off. 
wow almost passed out whilst running today. that would not have been good  now watching College Hill and eating mangoes ;)
Heading to Buckeye Lake to hang with Catherine and thinking 'I wish I didn't have to work tomorrow' 
I'm still in bed...sick  cough, stuffy nose, congested, I need to get better!   Silver Lake Pho...I need you!
@rashmi Blue bottle at gough/Linden st. (no wifi). Cafe Murano is close to where I live, cute and chill. Grove on Fillmore St (paid wifi) 
is coming back from Cherry Creek Reservoir!!! Hella cold and wet.  warm me up??
@Falcon7012 i find it hard leaving any kind of raw cake mix alone  esp banana and chai cake
Got my Bay Bay today. Going to have some fun in the sun! If it doesn't rain. 
Bridge to terabithia is so sad 
@alishamalik26 I want to go Bluewater  never been double   lol
I just remembered I'm working by myself tonight cuz Marlene is at Sea World 
 thats Tiki in Long Branch...
Made a couple Belmont Breezes for the race. It's not at all tasty  #belmontstakes http://yfrog.com/0ags2hzmj
Arcade Fire: Ocean of Noise: very sad and intense http://bit.ly/2MJMjr this will make even Twitter  - &quot;Ocean of Noise/Twitter&quot;, get it?
Graciously accepting Madina Lake posters. I only have 1 
so tired of being sick. I don't even have the energy to pick up Ocean and carry her to her room 
Ugh. Broken down on the side of the Jersey Parkway. So much for picking strawberries tomorrow 
@chachra I didn't feel here in the Marina.  
It's snowing in Glacier and I'm a little bit homesick today. 
Strawberry wine has now entered secondary fermentation. When M found out how long until it's ready to drink, she was very disappointed. 
In the mountains!! But there are mosquitos  @ Cabin in the Mountains http://loopt.us/LFCGpQ.t
Trying on hats at Granville Island. I look V cute in a Derby  Cute isn't enough justification for a $85 hat though 
No jockey triple crown  'Summer Bird' wins Belmont Stakes
@Pearl sayang di tayo blockmates.  omg the cases are so pleeeeenty.
Just had a brain scan at Jadper having sustaned a head injury in Kima Bay...  
Flumpy &amp; Willow are getting adopted as I write this 
And I officially should not've had that Cooler from Caribou. I pretty much don't feel any better today.  Only 3 hours left of chaos!
America's Most Wanted in Myrtle Beach tonight  that sucks
Cape cod with the girls. Drunk and I already got a splinter in my finger 
I miss Navarre and having the beach only 7 minutes away...Now it's three hours away 
@KalebNation I want to go to Twicon.. and Forks! 
Saw a kitty on Lake Shore Dr. I got to him too late. Cop let me out of ticket when I told him y I parked illegally &amp; I cried like a baby. 
I got a chance to Lenga last night, but no Gully Creepa 
Was scoping the Starbucks in Geneseo as a routine stop when visiting inlaws in Silver Lake - was totally closed down 
Heard the Palm Pre is supposed to be awesome. Sounds like a Hawaiin drink though 
@KalebNation I want to go to Twicon.. and Forks!  http://migre.me/1U68
is in Colwyn Bay - it's all rainy, rubbish 
@CmfcknW going to King's Island tomorrow. Can't wait! I think the Son of Beast is too rough and it is always broken 
Meet me on Thames st I'll take you out though I'm hardly worth your time. Ffkkkk atl seems way too long ago now 
fun day: Dollywood, Lake with friends. Teaching tomorrow morning at The Gathering. Last CSPC talk ever 
Wish I had enough money to go to Mount Pleasant tonight. 
@Linzmarie213 I won't name names, but it was a clothing boutique in the Pearl  boo to horrible customer service!
@robdyrdek Did you buy the horse and did you have fun in VB,Va. I waited in two lines Macys and Coastal Edge and never got to me you   Mom
Hanging out on Catalina Island - what am i going to do next weekend when I can't visit this awesome place 
had to work today  .but now back home.. and reading something on Forbes about Micheal Bay..
Burnt finger  I'm such a baby with pain lol
At the Derby party in Long Island. Its pretty weak...and my horase lost and I lost 100 dollars... 
Fisher's Landing Carnival. No Dunk Tank 
Apparently not sleeping netime soon thx to that music...giving in and watching Harpers Island...I need my scarepal Bec 
Plenty of sunshine at Huntington Beach today but too much wind. Decided not to stay for the bonfire. 
getting annoyed with no cable..watching old Laguna Beach episodes. sad we wasted a trip downtown 
@vipcristina Valley Forge Military Academy. It's boys only. 
just finished watching Pearl Harbor (the movie) and cried like a baby. 
Pens lost and Moose lost both shutouts :'( note i don't like today 
kamnet: @JoiseyDani Sounds like a good day. I missed the Belmont Stakes tho  http://twitter.com/kamnet/statuses/2061661032
Haha got myself completely lost in the city then somehow found my way in Darling Harbour, lucky 
#AngryMarks kamnet: @JoiseyDani Sounds like a good day. I missed the Belmont Stakes tho  http://tinyurl.com/og74nz
Listening to Nickel Creek and my friend Luna crying through the wall 
Nobody told me the Lincoln Tunnel was closed. 
Stream is now offline 
Caribou coffee i need you 
I found my Crest Whitestrips but they're all liquidy and won't stay stuck to my teeth. What happened? 
G'mornin!!!! where is the sun??  all we need is a lil bit *Sunshine* !!!!!!. wihoeeee I love the summer..
Watching this old school R.O.C. performance at the Tunnel N.Y.C. &lt;&gt; 
Taking lilman to Lake Tahoe for Camp. 
Right lardy back on it..... Cross trainer time 
Weekend activites in the Lake District were rained off so rucksack remains packed &amp; untouched 
My parents were heading down to Myrtle Beach &amp; my mom just called from Maryland. A deer ran in front of them &amp; totalled their car. 
I overstayed in Long Beach...I need to study 
MORNING!! How is everyone today? Sunny here in Sussex. Sunnier still in Croatia, where I'll be tomorrow  But no tweet for a week 
Gipsy Kings are the coolest motherfuckers. I should study.    Also, who stole summer? 
I had someone else's idea  Jonah Hill is remaking 21 Jump Street.  http://bit.ly/FOtT5 blerg.
@vodafonenz any plans for better coverage at Eastern Beach, Howick. My phone displays &quot;Waiheke Island&quot; and calls hardly ever come through 
The View might be Spliting! 
Is about to miss the start of the race for breeze blocks! Breeze blocks, not even a coffee 
Off to the summer ball - Sunshine at the moment, but I bet it doesn't last 
on the way to Achill Island with the fixtures and fittings for a new kitchen. Would be better if was with a surf board 
Leaving Water Island today. 
On Loch Bhrusda to Cumbrae, Loch Shira  broken down again 
home fuckers. so tired, i hate you work. and no sleep in for me tmw  but ily Lake Distict &amp; my bestestness @xShellbellex xxxxxx
Muchos champagne drinking going on in the River Island bar - it's a private partay though so no bubbles for us 
U can tell its going to be a great dy when u wake up crying and hyperventilating from a dumb dream.... Sunshine day 
Crest Whitestrips aren't so cool when I'm drooling with my mouth open. 
Wow. The Moose got shutout too last night. 
Burnt my hand on the hotplate 
@FeenyFTW soo I realized I won't see you for two months! You get back the day after I leave for Hopetown  but have funnn! and get better!
watching Harper's Island now. very thrilling! too bad i can't continue watching after the holidays... 
Today is the first day since we've been in the Keys that it's rained during the day 
Going home soon, i am done here. Burnt on my shoulders. 
Hubby must be purchasing tickets.  I see the Staten Island Stalker is back  lurking on my blog.
Also.... I watched Zion (bob Marley tribute) and rocked out to exodus, jammin', and I shot the sherriff was playing as we left  xxx
is watching Bridge to Terabithia...so sad 
Homeward bound 
@nancykohler Huntington Beach?  wow, I'll trade you.  I have to work today. 
@beardandbeers I forgot my jacket at the Barbary last night.  I suck.  
Rode my bike (for the first time in many years) to Randall's for breakfast supplies, but they lacked Little Smokies and Crescent Rolls. 
Cathie and I are missing the Lighthouse family this morning  http://yfrog.com/86jnbj
@cg219 yeah but it's really ugly, involves very frequent intervals to detect right button and also based on undocumented Key.isDown(2)... 
oh god the European authorities must REALLY hate torrents cause they are taking them down. first its Pirate Bay. whats next?  NOOOO!!!!
@zenbitch i don't know what it is.  oh well i don't mind. That much. Haha! Mountain monsters, that'd be awesome! Haha
@Burnt_feet I love favourite-ing too... But I forget to sometimes 
@Strawberry87 for sure I'll take it. I miss shimmering lights :p hahah. I dunno, mayb early, bt nt sure cz hv to print n bind !  u?
Bridge to terabithia is depressing 
chillin with Olive then cvs 6 to 10 
watching One Tree Hill season 5 (best season) .. ahh one hour just isn't enough 
These Westside Healthcare vids are bumming me out.  
Bridge to terebithia makes me cry. 
is finally all warm in her jammies, had to leave Alton Towers after 2 hours because of the terrential rain 
@Queen_of_Noise I know!  
Sunshine gone. 
Hiking Mt.Psi, even though it's not very nice out today 
@SouthendGem sush that makes me sad  whens gremlin in Forks?
Skyway again. 
Lookin for good inexpensive Sushi in Valley...ideas? Our fav place was flattened a while back, haven't been willing 2 find a place since 
@nikkidreams Yesterday I slept until 2... missed out on the WomanSpirit Faire in Long Beach 
@YsMum I had big plans for today. I wanted to head out to Boundary Bay to see the Herons 
It's the Queen's birthday weekend, I should NOT be awake 
Sound setupping over! Sound engineer needed badly 
Bryce Canyon whirlwind tour is over. Heading back to SLC, vacation is nearly over!  I'll dull the pain by taking a nap.
My geekmobile is sick... It keeps missing.  I think it's scared of Quail rd
Cedar Fever, y'all 
@RajaSen Pebble St.? That the one in Saket? Man I miss delhi 
OK back to my Dove Chocoaltes, listening to Coast to Coast Am and writing a term paper. House is too quiet though, miss the wife 
eating yummy Olive Garden and wondering where my weekend went 
@GeoffHathaway Lower cost? Right now, digital distribution games sell at the same price as boxed copies, AND you can't resell them later. 
@neilhimself Delta != Nine Inch Nail fans aka ''ninnies''  re: &quot;Please don't boycott Delta just because they are turnipheaded ninnies&quot;
...flags at half staff in memory of Big Pines Lodge, Caddo Lake fried catfish shrine that burned Sat 
the only photo i've managed to upload from Castle invading  http://dailybooth.com/SophieBeard/442441
ahhhh I am stuck in Mt. Vernon... what am I supposed to do now... 
on the way to Arbor Crest winery-not looking forward to this drive smashed by gear 
Miami Police looking 4 a serial cat killer in Palmetto Bay area... today found 2 more cats mutilated... how sad 
Had dinner at the Firehouse in Old Sacto on Tuesday. Delta King was not running. 
@moonfrye Beautiful day on Long Island!   But more rain for the week! 
@ExtraGlamorous poor thing!! Sound like u goin thru it wit that computer... 
Salmon was tasty, now it's time to shower 
Bugger me..forgot my allergy meds in Central Saanich but good thing I remembered the licorice! Ow my congestion 
just lost ebay auction on a Range Rover 
@katyastrophic Sunshine I couldn't hear you  I really couldn't, I heard like 2 words, I'm sorry 
I think my new obsession is gonna be painting my nails. Like every 2 days. Chipping already 
everything I look forward to in the summer is crashing &amp; burning  at least Cedar Point will help fill the void...
But I didn't. I couldn't stand to miss those Smoky Mountain Marketplace meetings that I love so much. There is even one tomorrow! 
got really excited when the Spring Awakening commercial. And then got sad because she doesn't have tickets to the Philly show. 
At Key Arena and ready for revenge!!I was on the search for some ice cream....settling for a cough drop 
Picked up my mom from O'Hare today. I dropped by my condo so she could see her grandchild, but Willow was asleep. The whole time. 
@hqp921 I know a family that LOVES Pioneer's stuff (all top end too) and they have had issues with every.single.product they've bought. 
@sesameellis I hope they figure out what's going on with Clover soon!  I can't imagine your pain 
got back from canoeing. Now in excruciating pain. Paddling through 8 miles of water for 5 hours can really hurt. I miss Falleen already 
Tried to go see The Hangover with Jeff in Sunset Hills and it was sold out  home to On Demand something. We should have ordered tix online
@KellyLaRocca yeah... this is all new stuff. weird! Cedar Point was awesome! I can't get my pics to show on FB, though. 
Watching the Tony's and then passing out.  Missing Rhode Island already   Weekends are too short.. back to work tomorrow...
My field trio to Lake Elmo is gonna suck tomorrow, it's supposed to rain! Not awesome. 
@neilhimself No worries. We boycott Delta only for our own (many) bad experiences with them. The airline that offers service with a sneer 
Pics / movie of the Stony Brook pediatrics residents vs attendings volleyball game. Attendings won 2 to 1  http://bit.ly/165RXV
Vacay is over. E3, Ontario Place, Niagra Falls, Jane's Addiction and the Brooklin Spring Fair. What a great week! Back to work tomorrow 
Burnt my arm on a 400 degree warm metal cooking sheet for those of you who care 
just got home from Olive Garden, it was terrible. 
I hate this part....time to say goodbye to the Pacific  http://myloc.me/2ZTT
At Banana Bay w/ MR+family, Ann, @catchyourbreath, and @geraldsanchez. I'm so full 
@shizzle408 In The Bay it is 
@sanguish most families have to adjust after things like this. Parents working 2 weeks away at Prudoe Bay in Alaska go through it monthly 
@_tk It looks like you had a lot of fun. I have never seen the Pacific Ocean. 
Highlanders drop 1-2 to the Surge at CityCentre @ Lakehill's Highlanders Game day  http://bit.ly/jw28G
well im up  s'gony rain ehday  and some wummin has kicked eh bucket cos of swine flu In scotland  All you Port high childen uh oh lol
I'm rotting at TM Point, Batu Berendam. Someone bring me food! 
Burnt dinner.  I hereby resign from dinner cooking duties. 
@Huntley15 I was supposed to go to Laguna 
oh Ferry  that stupid spam, i hope it has stopped
Limping from yesterdays #NorthDowns30K. Round the Island (Mersea Island) half marathon off next weekend 
Darien Lake today tweets (its an amusement park) I'm gonna have lotzz of fun with my friends!!! hmmm...its raining  
Sob, 2 emails out of 5 are replied and the companies revealed they don't do internship.  Crossing my fingers for the others
Burnt her shoulder. Should have bought suncream 
Last day of vacation   Heading to ride roller coasters at Darien Lake with the guys!
@Pearl_ROOB o no 
Sunflower planting did not last long..neighbour measured half an inch of rain in 10 minutes...back in the hutch 
@DinsterDobbins My office is moving to the Queens Quay Terminal (207 Queens Quay West) Only downside: No 7-Eleven near by! 
is working her last week in the Sears Tower.  
Jeez... Warren Coubty is a waste of space. Even Kings Island kinda suks now. RIP Days of Thunder ride. 
Watching The Cay in ELA and listening to the bitch next to me run her mouth about some awsome party last weekend. Kill me! 
I am sick.  Staying home from work today to lie in bed and watch Twin Peaks.
@theresapgorda Spent lots of time in Matlacha/Pine Island when 1st in SWFL. Little dissapointed Sat, everything closed @ 11. Slow season 
I'm depressed and want Olive Garden.  
I feel like we haven't had a decent swell since last fall. And no hope of waves for Myrtle Beach this week either  at least there is golf.
My curls are no more. Waves maybe. 
@VisitPensacola It would have been a better weekend if I had been on Pensacola Beach. Instead, I was stuck inside with my laptop.  
Back to North Island Naval Base today and then I return home  San Diego is the bomb!!
need summer rolls for lunch. No good sushi joints near Kings Mountain 
@#iremember The night (here in australia) I heard about the Twin Towers and watching on tv til early hours of the morning. It was so sad 
Getting ready to go back home to Camp Point...wish it were sunny out so I could swim in my pool  .
Itching to hop on the Mountain Bike! 
Camp doesn't start for a week - it should be interesting at home, and by interesting, I mean Cedar will be bugging me as I work all week 
last summer for Camp Congaree  http://bit.ly/azLxz
@lalavazquez thats a nice Range rover to much money though haha 
I'm soooo hungry! I wish I was in MD so I could get some Old Bay wings! 
Burnt the crap out of my finger  now watching a movie til rodolfo gets off workk.
@acedtect Stream is not working for me 
Homeward bound to dirty city. 
Getting ready to go to my friends awards ceremony at Colonial High school. I'm going to miss American Idol tonight 
@geezitsvivian   @Kaye_Lovely Lol.. Skittlez!! Point taken...
@alandavies1 I have the West Wing boxset but not had time to watch any of it yet  Have watched all of Jonathan Creek though!
82 degrees F in Palm Springs!! whew! This is bad... really bad. 
@GigiGraciette Two Whole Foods later, Long Beach and El Segundo, No Margots Bark 
No RSS love in Coast Guards new Outlook 2007  http://bit.ly/PQwm
Leaving Montego Bay Jamaica Mon!  I am sooo coming back http://mypict.me/3W19
@rothbart All I wanted was Zone of Enders 3 
Another classic Sarf Coast Sea Breeze, 5.8 &amp; XFire 112 again more wind than y'day, thought I was quick till Jamie H came down on his 7.0 
@TheWeightSaint I'm sorry to hear that.  I'm sure she crossed over the Rainbow Bridge successfully, and is no longer suffering.
@Hollyann_Beach Dude, I just looked up the Del Mar Fair concerts. And I have to say I'm disappointed 
I keep blinking....and its getting harder to open my eyes back up...... Cross eyed?  FckinTired!
Went house hunting yesterday!! It sucks..house prices are way up in certain areas.. If we want a good deal we have to go to Queen Creek 
@HaDAk yep. 4th grade. Desert storm. 
@outrage_designs  Drift isn't usually too bothered but unfortunately he's feeling particularly vulnerable today....  
@JaceyTH @adall I really want to, but next train out of Long Island is at 5:20. 
i feel like puking but i want to go to Goodland to get a new book, and my effing email won't let me in 
Bridge has defo moved on from her kitten phase or bringing home elastic bands &amp; condoms, now birds a plenty 
http://twitpic.com/7hv32 - Our View from the room at El Canario Inn by the Lagoon - sorry for the bad quality, taken with the iphone 
Surf session rudely interrupted by Mr. Wind.      On a lighter note, I just ordered Kelly Slater surfer for Xbox.
Banner on mbta.com said I could ride the Salem Ferry with my monthly pass, turns out only zones 5-8 passes are eligeble, I'm zone 4 #FAIL 
Osprey tragedy!! Nest full of eggs plummets into St. Leonard's Creek 
at MCO crew lounge waiting to take the plane out to White Plains then limo back to JFK &amp; I'm done. Only 1day off though b4 another 4 day 
Headin to Gulfport tonight.  We're arriving tomorrow mornin, ya'll!  I heard it's really hot down there 
Ugh, I hate this episode of One Tree Hill, it's so sad 
I once thought that i hated Minto, now i realize how much i miss it 
@jennettemccurdy watching a sad episode of One Tree Hill  on the other hand I hear you've been nominated for Best TV Sidekick
@Bronte1068 gosh! Its actually my fault lol I was on my cell phone!! 
Rev Run and his fam are in Hawaii! im so jealous 
Home. Such a good weekend. I love my friends &amp; I miss Fire Island already 
#iremember being in Carolina in math class in 10th grade watching the Twin Towers go down 
Just found out that Quentin from One Tree Hill was shot and killed off the show!?!? Wth....this isnt makin me feel ne better 
@BeccaCheung I was at Green Lake and Gas Works today!!...I called you and you didnt pick up 
@BrennaMiazga Beana! I saw you in your car at the light at Knickerbocker and Sunset today at 5p. You didn't look over at me though. 
Against the advice of his doctors at Cedar Sinai Medical Center, my dad continues to work. I am very disheartened.   ~Michael~
@thebeautygirl I used to love Delta because of the unlimited medallion upgrades, but now I'm just a regular traveler 
The scalp got sold to someone else  ... I am hoping the person who bought it will let me purchase  it from her. Cross your fingers for ...
Burnt my tongue on green tea. Not amused.   http://bit.ly/ZWkJ check it out! Delicious!
Flashy's new Bogan bed... my dogs have gone Santee...  http://yfrog.com/5fkuuj
Hot and rainy (possibly) at Beach Freak... sad face... 
Burnt my tongue on pudding  fail.
Just arrived in Long Beach... :] tired.. imma be sleeping when i get home! 
@lindsaymallen Not sure what I can say - I checked online and it looks like Mt. Pleasant is a hard place to pick up OTA TV. 
@extremejohn Don't think I'll be doing it tonight. This Mt Dew isn't workkkiiinnng 
Athena_of_Forks: i'm not giving up, i'm just really tired of it 
Another bad day for Indians in Bay Area - 3 deaths of Young Indians  too bad
@Athena_of_Forks: *hug* thanks, It's so annoying 
organising a recording session in Byron Bay. Sadly, not for me to attend. 
@Yoda808 I don't even know what Harpers Island is  LOL
call Clover ) well. we talked about s.o we don't like. and talk about when can i visit her? i really miss my her  my bff =(
call Clover ) well. we talk about s.o we don't like. and talk about when can i visit her? i really miss my her  my bff =(
call Clover ) well. we talk about s.o we don't like. and talk about when can i visit her? i really miss her  my bff =(
Where I cand find Harper's Island single links to download? I'm getting tired to looking into Warez BB boards. 
Where I can find Harper's Island single links to download? I'm getting tired to looking into WBB boards. 
It's a sad day for Birminghams Rainbow music venue...   http://bit.ly/9cJoQ
For camera-aficionados , check out the new Olympus Pen;  http://bit.ly/MGshl Another instance of equipment lust. 
Sigh...up hill sprints on Primrose Hill tonight 
Yesterday, the sun came out in late afternoon, but clouded over before I got up to Tar Beach! 
It's going to be a loooong day. But that's ok because it's going to end at Cinderella's Royal Table. Last time on the internet for 8 days 
Oh, and my whole body hurts. I rode the bull at Saddle Ranch last night 
@Shitizen OMG! Bintan!! Sea breeze, Sun &amp; the Sea! Sigh... no more Hols for me though... 
@heatheranne @richgould have a work thingie this evening at the Delta -- but may stop by of it wraps at a reasonable hour 
@TimCampbellTwit  oh   yeah nows a great time to do a loooong Bold and beutiful stare eg.. Brook Forester after losing her son/lover LOL
@Sukee Canna get the page to open. 
IPREDator: Did anyone sign up for this ? I tried but didn't even get a reply.....     Pirate Bay launches enc.. http://tinyurl.com/lw2y4m
57 degrees in Sag Harbor this morning! What happened to summer? 
Royal Enfield Bullet 500 Deluxe 2001 for sale in Iraklio, Crete. Would be mine if I hadn't already bought one  - http://is.gd/13oBG
Burnt my hand on the fireplace 
WTF. Lynnhaven pkwy is blocked by cops. I'm super duper late for work.    I need a damn SoyJoy.
dead calf moose found floating in water in the Mosambik Bay area 
 to be leaving Mt Grace!!
lol @honeysoul ....I'm sure you'll let us know if Hidden Beach sheds any light....I'm expecting the basic 'TBA' though 
Sunshine is hiding behind the clouds 
A little broken up because Crystal Castles cancelled their Ottawa date 
Going out of town - Palm Beach! Wish me luck on stand-by.  
@chesshirecat where at in NC was that suspension bridge?  I rafted the French Broad River a couple of times...def didn't see that bridge 
@mike_wong Sandwich-&gt;  Coors Light-&gt; 
Heading back to work. No matter when I cross the Lions Gate Bridge, it's always one lane in the direction I'm headed.  
@fleurydelis its not even clearance! Lol I miss Bay 
leaving Ocean Beach today and the sun  - surfed yesterday and managed to stand up a few times, woop! Leaving Cali in a couple days 
no quiz at Little Woodrow's Bee Cave in Austin due to college baseball world series. 
@Natalieboncakes DUDE! That sucks! I've heard of those radar traps in AZ.  You should go to the Grand Canyon- it's beautiful!! 
@Mtn_Dew Dew locator cannot find Game Fuel at any store within a 50 mile radius of 28711. 
@chadwsugg aww you totally skipped over Rhode Island on this tour 
@allshallfade Confession has Pine. But it's really boring 
Mt tweeter app is not working!!! 
wishing Send Forth The Colony were still together. I want to be at an SFTC gig 
back from Palm Springs 
why do @paauruiz &amp; @joaaqo like Queen? 
@thinkblue Came out today and the signing is tonight 7pm The Grove. I wont be able to make it. 
The DH got a migraine. I'm heading to a dinner meet up on Long Island without him.  
Last full day in Crested Butte 
Smog check. Crossing my fingers for the marshmellow to pass 
Goodbye Orange County  i'll be back friday
Home. Already missing the island... 
About this same time last month I was riding Maverick 
Driving to Walnut Creek and I'm so tired! 
@Bay_B_Doll I have the same damn problem.  it's so frustrating!
@A420Queen ohhh   sorry to hear that
Wish folks would stop confusing Cape Canaveral (the city) with Kennedy Space Center. Makes it confusing for everyone 
Hole in floor again.  will have to wall outside house to get to rest of house. But the plan is to close it tonight, i think.
In Long Beach WAn eatin at Dooger's- not on the recomend list 
@mylifeasafoodie I was so SAD when Ranch 99 closed in Chinatown. I have been &quot;Ranch-99-less&quot; since.  
Ugh... Stranded half way to Bragg Creek... Waiting for a tow... Not awesome. 
@Queen_Of_Tarts well that is wonderful. i was to be twarried too 
Riding Lower Merrill -Sunset Ridge. Missed club ride @ 6pm. 
Soaked at Mount Vernon! Got back to the Hyatt early... One more day then we fly back 
Remembers her copy of William Golding's Double Tongue (about the Pythia of Apollo) is in Christchurch  with all her books.
@nashtraffic I24e is a parking lot between Hickory Hollow and 840. 
kaijuu: I24e is a parking lot between Hickory Hollow and 840.  #nashville #traffic
cant find my Manitou!! 
2 finals down, 1 to go. 12 days left in australia.  headed to the uniclub tonight and Byron Bay tomorrow for a few days.
Whale wars....my favorite show. Its so sad. 
3 hrs of sleep + horrible bing code = nightmare  No in flight entertainment on Delta flight home ruined my sleep cycle 
sleepless in Oak Hill 
well deer and babies update. Only saw one baby tonight. Deer and one baby crossed road to get back to my yard.  #fb
@Eden2Gethsemane girl my summer is full of swimming and boredom i dont have a job  how about u
One Tree Hill = the show that always makes me cry  &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
@omg_pichu Oak had some nice nuts. He never shared any nuts though. 
@mishacollins it's a conspiracy, the Queen is obviously very displeased and has ordered the Tweeterwall to demote you to last place 
Watching 'Noah And The Whale', wishing I had someone to cuddle up with 
I cut my leg really bad and it hurts  I can't sleep in pants, so I guess that means I'm sleeping in my King Of The Hill boxers xD
@diggingupworms sorry you don't like the Wancahi Ferry ad  But you can make really nice meals with them, honest!
@diggingupworms sorry you don't like the Wanchai Ferry ad  But you can make really nice meals with them, honest! Leave out the leek
Spent yesterday fishing the River Nene around Cogenhoe and Billing for Pike. Only 1 Perch to show for my efforts 
I'm in Gold Coast eating dinner by myself. 
@Sunshine6985 nee 
@louisgreenberg i feel schizoid! can't decide which city  not ready to leave Jozi, loving Cape Town.
At Alton Towers getting soaked 
The Sherwood Hotel Taipei ask me to change my dinner reservation b/c a corp. wants to book the whole place that nite, should I give in?  
@Schofe I'm the same! Needles are evil. If I see them on T.V. I pass out... 
has just watched King of The Hill eating Ready Break and is undertaking the upsetting task of packing. This little room has been my home 
Currently floating in Cambridge, WI in Lake Ripley...Hope someone finds me 
Lighthouse cookies for today. 80 to decorate in about 100* humidity. These little buggers will never dry 
Dorest is in Palm Beach..Florida..Dorset is not unfortunately 
Keys are not here  what now?
Photo: Sixth years at Loch Lomond time, Final song  http://tumblr.com/xfj22ikec
Incredibly disappointed at the surfing conditions in Muizenberg today. All forecasts lied to me 
Keuka Ropes Course today!  There's &quot;i&quot; in &quot;team&quot;, but there is in &quot;driving there&quot;. 
I sold the painting at Village Arts at the Putney Inn, VT Was a scene of Little Long Pond here in Acadia. Never got a photo of painting. 
The Queen is wearing hot pink hat and outfit, sigh I had bet on Lilac... 
oh...&amp; I just found out that the Beacon has closed down!  so all 3 of my downtown brunch spots are gone (Graze, Fifi's, &amp; Beacon)
@aubreyanne you were here in the Bay?! I didn't get to see yaz 
Watched Angels n Demons and happy houred at Elysian Fields. Wish I lived on 8th and Olive 
Mountain of dishes calling  will listen to muse's showbiz album.... So not totally bored!
@eilidhlive Offfft!! I'm wearing my Alton Towers t-shirt hehe! Picture is still coming off a bit though 
How do you attach a picture? Tree fell on my truck 
getting ready to go to work at Highland Farms 
Saying goodbye to the Todds soon. 
I wish there were a Galt's Gulch in reality.  And I wish I was talented enough to live there    #tlot #anarchy #tvot
@joeywan we've actually had 2 odd experiences with the 1 in the Sunset where they forgot to place our order  love the food not the service
@AshestoAsher I cannot claim credit for it   It was from a conversation, I said The Gorge and my friend ( @moonbunnychan ) said The Chasm
Suffering Rum and Beach withdrawal  Why does work suck so bad this week???
The rain is following me! I went to Moab to get away from the Salt Lake rain  Also, I put another post up @ http://bit.ly/BCFAw
Really want to skate tonight but have so much to do ready for the Goodwood Roller Marathon price rise next week so home doing paperwork 
Burnt the roof of my mouth eating dinner  ouch.
NYC Planning Commission approved Coney Island rezoning!  SO sad...
Fort Walton Beach, FL was great last week. Back to reality this week 
Just  found out the Forest V Derby game is when i'm in spain!!!! 
cleaning hot steamy house on a hot steamy day  prepping for family portrait at hanalei Bay, leela at school mu shopping with tanya
Sitting at home, going to work in the morning  @ Dakota Ridge Apartments http://loopt.us/uUB-DQ.t
@rbracey I decided I can't bring my new laptop tote with me to the Bay Area. Traveling with an arm in a sling limits what I can do. 
@badrobot lol too true. between NWTel and Yukon Electric... life is so &quot;awesome&quot; in the north. 
i wish i were going to Hill's tonight like the rest of my friends!! 
the i-30/i-35/us377/us287/tx121/spur280 interchange: fort worth's Malfunction Junction 
@JaylaStarr wish you could have shared drinks with me tonight hon.     Long Island iced Teas  
Not a good idea to listen to Marina's song at this moment. 
@Iko I need the pattern for the Whisper Cardigan! I can't find my issue anywhere ... I think I lent it to someone. 
Hey Station lodge has a new website! Check it out, www.stationlodge.co.nz It is a very cold day in ohakune and no views of Mt Ruapehu 
PS. Creeping through the grade 8s' Claremont albums on Facebook make me feel nostalgic... whatever happened to the &quot;Ant Hill Trio&quot;, lol. 
Quick stop in Hopland @ the Mendocino Brewing Co - Cali's oldest brewpub apparently...no dogs allowed 
No Dr. Jibberish? aw.    but we got Run Forest Run! #wipeout
@aholmes64 WHAT are they going to do to the drive at Bay? I think I misunderstood you. I don't want it erased.  
@michaelwryan Sound like my worst nightmare, not my sort of film at all 
Just tried to update Selena Central, but it's acting funny.  Now watching One Tree Hill.
@djmaryjane I'm in Belmont/San Carlos, flying back east tomorrow afternoon.    I was in Half Moon Bay today.  I may drive back west soon.
Sunshine state? more like sunburn state.  ow.
Sometimes being a mother sucks and I hate it. How horrible is that  - Aweful, Southern Ocean
@Alaerys Aw  I sorreh. Here, have some fairy bread and some lamingtons as payback  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lamington
Over 100 degrees in Austin today and the air condition in my truck is out  Took the dogs to the Bull Creek to cool down
@StacyLondonSays  Don't imagine I'd find it at The Bay or Sears 
45 mins and the first preso still going on at Eclipse demo camp/Redwood shores, pure product pitch, way off the schedule  #fail
My battery die...I'm back. Down 3 zip, Canoe hit a dinner. 3 to 1 bottom of 9th, Damon goes yard, 3-2. Then a double play to end the game 
@RealBlackWidow nah  out having fun in Mountain View with friends
Supporting the Green Revolution.  Just moved....now a resident of Karaj GMT +3:30  I always liked Karaj.  Salt Lake is too rainy 
@IanMcNaughton @Cliff_Forster #BaseballHOF yes, that exact name came to mind, Main factor is let down of all kids in little leagues. 
Plain old almonds just don't do it for me  and that makes me super sad.
The Creek in Corona again...can't make a habit...Darlyne wish u were here  Long Beach with Monster ROCKS!!!
@Rajio @Reservoir_Drout what about me? how dare you guys forget. 
Tattoo Highway, Real Time with Bill Maher, CSPAN, MSNBC, South Park and now Reno 911! Great t.v. night. 
@jcolv So muggy here, that was the first thing I noticed. And Pikes Peak was fantastic. I'm just ready for the move but not to leave you 
Surf's looking onshore  night still get waves though. I hear great things about tomorrow 
Got free side kickers at Arby's today. Checked out the Torrey Pines Pro shop and visted the Children's Pool too. No seals or sea lions 
@ZoeBoz In Long Beach from 19th-24th let me know if u want 2 do something. Iz will be staying with her daddy LOl she already told me 
Burnt my tongue on miso soup  Now it feels all funny.
@elizapi it was cool, just not all that impressive in Liberty Lake 
@Kells1 wtf! Rih rih? I'm hating. All we got was ryan leslie at 1Oak. 
@Alli_Flowers hey. will be in Gulf Shores next week but leaving on the 27. will miss the tweet up 
I'm up after 4hrs of sleep and no sight of a bed again until at least 9 tonight  and then back up at 3am to run to the Arch, this sucks!
Heard from @bellatoday that @photoshoot_me used Elinchrom Ranger Q flash at the shoot yesterday. Now I want it too, but it's not cheap 
Gutted to hear The Silver Mt Zion won't be doing a solo set! 
Elderberry-juice gives me heartburn.  Salem Al Fakir makes me smile today
Sure would be nice to be lying on Savannah Beach today..... but it's off to another meeting instead   oh well....
Nonconnah is crawling this morning 
AT&amp;T 3G network is currently down in the Tampa Bay Area!  I expect a credit on my cell phone bill!!!!!
@roselibra.  Wish we could go to Tortola again 
@ATTNews 3G network is currently down in the Tampa Bay Area!  I expect a credit on my cell phone bill!!!!!
pesky knee injury returned last night while doing the Newburn River Run (6.5 miles) happened 3 miles in.. last 3.5 was a drag 
morning twitz!!! looking at another rainy day in the Garden State! 
Oceana is breaking up, a very sad, sad day!  
 Mammoth cave here I come 
@LeighMolnar: Friends is where it's at. BUT thanks to BB I miss out on Gilmore Girls and One Tree Hill 
Gah!  More rain this morning.  Today, we're in Haydn Valley, Fishing Bridge, Lake, and West Thumb areas. Last day in the park.  
@Lark_in_Forks *txt*ok,besides the fact the grant just disappeared yesterday 
Why does it have to rain on my parade? Mermaid Parade this Saturday @ Coney Island &amp; Thunder showers with hinder the amount of boobage 
More rain at 11am says the weather man  Rhode Island needs sun!
very sad they closed the alpine slide at Racoon Mt 
@pepsi Please don't make Mountain Dew Throwback go away I love it 
@williger I wish I could, but somehow I think I'd never make it there from Nova Scotia in time. 
@NatGeoSociety My favs didn't make the list.  Love North Manitou Island (MI) and want to visit Chaco Canyon (NM).
@rachfowler I'm in Oak Hill &amp; the rain is gone now 
Home from Myrtle Beach...  i hate unpacking after a vacation...
wishing I was in Myrtle Beach but Spirit Airlines prevented me from being with the family!! Ugh! 
@AmberXNicole Awww. I miss the Bay. 
Wish we could sneak out to watch the Pine Creek race  Oh well, have to enjoy FIBArk from afar, for the moment!
misses her Briar already 
Key &lt;3 ....a little depressed 
last day in Myrtle Beach 
@npost It's also the Downtown Series on Elliot Bay tonight! Sadly, we won't be on the water 
Turkey Creek is boring when you have no money 
@bxkitcat It was on &amp; off light rain when I left the house. Dry from SI Ferry to train but then it just neverrrr stopped! 
@Discovery_News The link to see Mars Lake Held doesn't work 
http://movies.ign.com/articles/996/996050p1.html ...More BAD NEWS!!!...Michael Bay doesn't want to do any more Transformers... 
@ apple store at the Grove. turned in my laptop. might be 7-10days 
@NicNacFalconer LOL, na can't get that  But thank god I can get bangers to go with my beans, albeit frozen!! Windy here 2, warm bed 2nite!
do we really need a remake of red dawn with the kid from the wackness and Cpt. Kirks dad? What's next a Point Break remake? 
Golden Gate Bridge. It got foggy right as I got there   http://yfrog.com/0vodsj
moving mt daughter back to Camano Island 
Up since 5am (and every hour b4 that) with a messy bottomed child. I think our trip to Currumbin Sanctuary today is off 
@timedalkat But I love the Olive Garden 
is in Meridian and is thinking this has not been my week at all 
sad roadkill on Crow Canyon today: a little fox 
Is stuck waiting for a ferry... Fog on the Baltic sea 
just saw an amazing production of Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens...now off to Stonehenge &amp; Bath tomorrow. Leaving Londno Sunday 
Stupi Postal Strike tomorrow means I won't get my next One Tree Hill disc till next week 
tomorrow I will be slightly less wise.  Bottom left wisdom tooth coming out in hospital       Wish me luck!
Just watched Valley of The Dolls. Poor Sharon Tate 
Miss my hubby so much! Been married since monday and haven't gotten to see him since cause I live in Oak Island and he's in Ft. Bragg... 
I am in Florida, Palm Beach. 8 days then my exchange year is over 
@LaurenConrad I love when you write what shows you are going to be on so I can Tivo them! But I missed The View 
Trying to watch Nausicaa of the Valley of the Wind online but the internet is being a stupid head atm.  Booooo. I love this movie.
errr. We Are The Ocean. :] I actually got into the song, and then the screaming came. 
Hanging @ Mill Creek with the baseball players...however i think ita gonna rain 
Burnt the shittt out of my arm. Ouchies 
Stuck at work. I'm missing Curtis Stone at The Bay downtown for all this. BLAAARGGHH, no Take Home Chef for me 
listening to eagles call on Catalina Island...they are almost ready to fledge 
I don't know how much more my brain can take.  I hope I pass this bartending class. Cross your fingers!
@Pearl I just read it, wanna cry too 
@mraible I used to climb outside of Golden all the time (No Table Mtn)... I miss CO 
Bar Norfolk with AMG!! @Byron_mitchell bailed on me 
@tarheelarden: Now I have steered you to a nightmare...sorry about that Arden 
At a cool street fair in Palm Springs. Fell in love with a sequin dress that's just not practical enough to buy... sad 
@Sunshine5309 good I gotta watch I missed it last week 
Just did the road to Hana (north side Maui road trip). Beautiful ocean views, black sand beaches &amp; big surf. Packing up now to head home. 
First day working at Mendocino was smooth. Missing out on Camping 2K9 this weekend  But Carmi's Bon Voyage to Aussie is a can't-miss.
I left one of my Flips in Lake Lanier.   Other one isn't working! I so want to record a video for you.  A blog post will take too long!
#queen Seven Seas of Rhye is so underrated 
@chelschow sorry babe! not making it to 2-Keys! haven't felt up to it all day really  ..u girls enjoy urselves! see u at the gym next wk!
I really wnt Yogurt Island!. I hvent been in a while. 
Determined to finish 7 interactive Treasure Quest maps for Jacksonville.com by tomorrow evening. Server issues @ work &amp; working from home 
@cranz I was something like 3-5 minutes too late for the Dunedin one... Picked the wrong place. started 200m from the right place 
Thu AM: 11 miles @ Stanford. Oak Creek with McGlynn and Silver in 67. Then ran 800m on the track in my spikes in 2:01. Didn't break 2... 
Watching it storm in Hawaii at Turtle Bay.. Sadly it's only through a webcam. 
@cameronstewart It's beautiful-take a good camera-Yarra Valley was the best, breakfast at winery! - but I can't do the landings anymore 
Huntington Beach was so much fun but i got sun burnt 
Tonight was awesome. I'm going to Rhode Island tomorrow!  I'm gonna miss @chrissysweeney though 
@sleepyeve Mine is reserved at Oakridge, not Valley Fair cuz I figured it was closer to work. Or I would. 
Stream is now offline 
@Sunshine2B sounds like fun...  
Chili taste pretty damn fine! Watching King of the Hill, eating chocolate Chip cookies, and hoping my turtle doesn't die. 
It stop raining in Marysville. Short down pour 
is wishing he was back in Toms River NJ right now with his boo 
Finished '1st 6' week @ Sea World  waitin for B so we can get the party started!! Riptide 09: CS, drummers, WES, all night all summer!!
Just watched the series finale of Dawson's Creek and it broke my heart just as much as it did the first time I watched it 6 years ago. 
The weather forecast is wet &amp; windy today. could be gales on top of Nevis... 
Cape Town!  transit   excited 
@NixiePixel perform acrobatics and a hapsicord solo for the Queen. 
@djnycesf I'm in f'n Monteray...  sooo bored
Peak hour traffic and buses make me sad #inthepants 
missing the Knoll Court guys 
Caught in monster traffic snarl heading south into Gold Coast - just what I felt like after huge week 
Burnt my tongue 
At The Carlton dodging the Macaws. @mshawyer getting travel envy from others... 
Just back from seeing/riding Glacier for the last time this time around. Lots of fun but always a little sad. 
@adammurlewski damn that looks like fun! I'm still hanging about in the West Country when there's so much going on at home unfortunately 
I can't believe that Without a Trace is being cancelled... 
@tb78 I hear you are going to Alton Towers with @casual_intruder ...well i just want to say i am not happy...i wanna go too 
@EddieG5 we're headed back home to Palm Beach   sigh....
Burnt my tongue on a chip  guess it serves me right for not taking the salad option.
I miss watching Dawson's Creek. 
It's always a good morning when I start off the day at the Peak Freans factory, though no bourbon cremes this AM  .
Slept in, Sunshine (Chapel Hill institution) biscuit for breakfast, Aloha Friday for Lars (have fun!), Hoos &amp; Heels out of Series 
listening to Envy on the Coast...makes me miss FortheDrive. 
Burnt my arm at work 
Flying through Salt Lake then into Medford. Airport made me ditch my spirulina 
@jblankenburg Power is on here in White Lake MI, good thing too. No power = no water when you have a well 
I dont want to be here! Oceana tries to numb the pain.. 
I really really really REALLY need someone to go to Adventure Landing with me!!!! 
listening to K'Jon - &quot;On the Ocean&quot;..great song.....&quot;don't leave me hangin, i've been here way too long&quot;&lt;----so how im feeling right now 
@ShaneKuester looks like you've gotten it.  Unfortunately, may mean no Dolphin's Cove.    Sadness abounds.
Feeling a little down  there is no Sunshine 
Just parted with my Fire Agate pieces...  Parting is such sweet sorrow. But I got that $$$$ LOL
was in the Outer Banks this time last year.  wish I was there now 
@Stony419  you'll get it!
@robinlynne  I believe the driver's license offices are closed on MONDAY. Call today to be sure. Also, accd. at Bull River Bridge. 
Goin to Kent Island wont be back for a minute by twitters cuz i aint got no internet on mi phone no more 
Just bought Big Surf Island for Burnout Paradise. Problem is that I now have to download all 7 patches to play it. 
Cedar home sick from camp  I'm betting camp kid germs attacked. Darn it.
I could not download Taylors vid for P  its beautiful though! link below.
Sunlight! what a welcome surprise... too bad we still have group meeting 
Is officially, totally packed &amp; ready for Mission Trip!! :-D Headed back to Ocean Springs to sit with Ms. Joyce. 
The Mill Run is going out of business 
On Calmac ferry Loch Shira to Cumbrae, weather looking a bit iffy 
at work.. 3 homeless people begged me for money while i was walking down Mill ave. sad 
Houghton Lake was so much fun! Golfed today with my pops, sis, &amp; hubs. Lunch with mom &amp; goodbyes after  Now- driving to Port Huron.
Summer storms rolling around #Cayman but no rain yet here in West Bay 
I rode my friggin bike from abbottsfield all the way to Castle Downs..now time to go back to abbottsfield on the bus  wish me luck
@Pearl_ROOB @PortiaDaCosta I could buy it and tweet the book to you. Might take awhile in 140 character spurts 
Tornado watch in the Buffalo Grove area! 
is leaving Block Island. 
I'm hoping to go to Myrtle Beach!! I haven't been since high school! 
Cabin fever!  I want to go out. 
Just came back from Rillito river pathway near Country Club. Two Pima County maintenance workers: One is painting while the other watches 
Loving Palm Beach its so hot but cloudy it sucks  Lol but i wish i could stay forever im so movin here
*attempts lemon lysol floor cleaner in dishwasher*  Coulda sworn I got a box of Cascade yesterday but I can't find it. 
I wish I was at Ocean Breeze  But atleast the O's took 2 of 3 from the Mets! Ha! Take that Bobby!!!! ~Chaps
Reef doesn't make my favorite sandals anymore 
Apple store n Coconut Point was w/out AC all day &amp; all employees had 12 hr shifts 4 iphone release  hsb @SteveShematz is feelin it 
Trying to advise someone rehoming oldie Ambull. Bottom line: not enough  responsible, experienced homes 4 Ambulls &amp; far too many dogs. 
@niceguystodd it was! Some girl just grabbed you.lol. And I have to work tonight so no Tipping Point for me! 
@TravelPaso So far shockingly little from Paso   Highlights: Pavie, Insignia, Flora Springs, Heitz, Patricia Green, SQN, Alban
Retweeting @Flag_Mtn_Hkrs: Here is the list of beers http://is.gd/16FFK I only get 24 tickets  So many choices and so little pours
Run out of wine again 
@gogigigo you were't at the one in the Dells! (closest to my work) 
Oceana&lt;3, sad, just read their blog on myspace, its really over 
i am so tired. and my feet kill from Cedar Point yesterday.  it was very fun though. (:
Burnt my hand with the toaster oven... Ouchie. 
Just got back from a quick ride to Stinson Beach - it is SUPER windy out there - sand all over my gear 
sitn on dec njoyn Lehi Vly mountn vews.  Misng my baby grl &amp; wishn her dad wasnt such an ass   wont tlk 2 her till mon nyt now .........
Just my luck... Flat tyre at work 
Why did MIchael Bay feel the need to remake the empire strikes back with robots? Transformers 2 is a bit poo 
News: Orjii LLC of Long Beach, California went out of business some time last year when the stock market crashed  That's life!
If you are in the Carolina/Kure Beach area I would not recommend Jack Mackerals. Overpriced and not very good. 
No Devils Lake for us tomorrow   Our basement flooded. Gotta do 300 loads of laundry &amp; everything else before leaving for 5 days on Sunda
Blossom-end rot in my tomato plants. 5 tomato fruits down for the count so far 
'The View ' hates twitter 
Awesome rides by Etna DeSalvo and Land Shark in the 3s on stage 1. This one flatted 1k before the big climb though 
is wishing that i had put on sunscreen befor i whent swimming  (Burnt) )-:
It is raining again.  I hope my basement doesn't flood because Lake Felice is getting bigger. 
should have taken Coldwater Canyon... 
Mid 80's and 75% humidity in Cincy. It's like walking through soup.   I'm not looking forward to King's Island in this weather.
We had to put Shelby Cobra down today    I am very, very sad.
@_MAXWELL_ Mad I missed your concert in Grand Rapids 
@Chennylou in wack ass Monteray  if u ever come here don't come for a full week...bored beyond belief
Kings Island was so awesome ! I can't believe that tour is over. 
I wanna go to Laguna Beach this Summer 
Just got back from Fort Lauderdale! The chix look 1000% better than the females I'm use to seeing here lol...I was in meetings tho 
Salmon &amp; crab cakes followed by a cake layered w cheesecake &amp; fudge makes me happy...a ten mile run to burn it all off later doesn't 
Has a hard time breathing outside at Castle because of the smoke   thankfully the car ac seems to filter it
Hoping for a Claritin and 'Tussin miracle so i can swim with the team @ Coney Island tomorrow. It's not lookin' good. 
Zero tweeting birdies during nine twilight rounds at Windsor GC. 
and I got sick on my birthday    lol who knew you could catch a cold and sore throat in the middle of a scorching summer in Myrtle Beach?
@AriannePink I can't I sort of look like Pocohontas naturally 
Lake postponed until tomorrow. 
@century174  btw...what does century174 mean??? ~Wildflower~
@ddlovato Whaling is disgusting and i was saddened to see a whale harpooned on the show. i actually cried 
Scratch Yogurt Mill. Line waaay to long. Back to University Heights &amp; Twiggs for latte &amp; dessert. Missing the froyo 
Tomorrow - Driving to the west side of Glacier NP, exploring and then heading towards Spokane, WA... where our travels end on Sunday 
Why does Space Mountain always shut down when I come ? 
Lake Minden! Imy! you know who you are 
wanted to drive ze Empress to market but of course wasn't allowed to. 
@mmcrae01 I wanna go to the beach! and I wanna dnace at Marys  I never win
No Mon Dog Beach for Dash tomorrow. Tons of rain = open locks = sewage in Lake = beach closed.  http://yfrog.com/59ztpj
I wanna play Chaos Island.. 
F#Ck school tmrw!!!  I hope I don't fall asleep during the hangover..
Bedtime, one day left in Grove   
@jerseygalrocker Gotcha! I have been bored outta my mind!  I am allowed NO fun since I had my blackout yesterday! Island sounds like fun!
Crest white strips make your teeth hurt...everyone should know this 
I was  when I found out you were in the same house. I'm a huge fan too...LOL Through my TV show, I'm getting racing known in Main Stream!!
draining piercing pus  it's not easy being Pincushion. help. and the sad part is... this doesn't deter me from future piercings...
@JuliaBeverly fudge. Its not being green. Or lovin a marley man either!  but I am down with being IfLooksCouldKillMs.Hill
*correction @JuliaBeverly fudge. Its not *ez being green. Or lovin a marley man either!  but I am down with being IfLooksCouldKillMs.Hill
Re Cherry Orchard last night one thing did annoy me... That was the herd of elephants that arrived half way thru the first act 
This weather is poop. Bet it's sunny in Venice Beach 
I drove up Mt. Hamilton! But I only brought my phone camera and couldn't take the gorgeous shots of the Valley at night 
Oceana broke up    Saddddddd. Birtheater is a phenomenal album.
Cool, I'm going to Mount Buller in 3 weeks! Yaaaay!!! Prepare for bad news, THEY HAS NO INTERNETS THERE!!!!!!!!!!!  bye!
Who wants to go to Palms now?! I'm so bored my dad didn't tell me that the badminton court's still available at 6!  eep!
leaving Myrtle Beach now.  i've only had 2 1/2 hours of sleep &amp; my hair's lookin sexxxxxyyyy
@vandymcnew @greentravel1 @GreenTravelBot Whale watching has been cancelled because of bad weather-am very disappointed  
5:15am eastern standard time... still drowning my sorrows in Malibu Rum and Pineapple Jooos 
rented a scooter, headed to Positano for shopping today.recovering from some bad prawns but powering thru it. looks like rain tomorrow 
Only 3 eps left of Harper's Island 
@tonyblackburn i answered the quiz as Nik Kershaw not the Beach Boys 
I want to watch more of Harper's Island!! Episodes should come out faster 
Causeway Point : wanlin felt cheated and I shall feel guilty now   , okay lah, I am.
Leaving Mt. Vernon  after a long week of fun &amp; fellowship.
Stonehendge...must wait till nxt year  but I can still see the Sunrise,which is the most important thing 
more rain   attempting to set my sails to do the Bayfield booksale, slighty dampened spirit ....humour me!
@ The Cathay Starbucks, playing cards. I don't get how to play Bridge  had a nice time playing pool. Ahhh.
@ The Cathay Starbucks, playing cards. I don't get how to play Bridge  had a nice time playing pool. Ahhh.
Gods my gag reflex has been sensitive lately. Brush my teeth and get all of the last 1.5 meals coming up. 
@Mtn_Dew I cant find the promo URL on this site 
is exhausted after their performance at Clearwater. Wala pa kong tulog  http://plurk.com/p/12fvq5
Lake lake lake! After work tho 
@Sanctus_Real We braved the storm to get to Cedar Springs...but you guys already left. 
Leaving Lakeside now 
In Henley for Henley Women's Regatta. Manic depressive weather. On my laptop, writing essays before I leave for the US. 
Jetty has a little lamb, of whom he never sees.  She has a horn worth a lot of gil, alas poor Jetty  .....
Just got out of bed, was supposed to be at the #Lake2LakeTriathlon this morning, but still feel sick 
hail and thunderstorms means no gardening/National Harbor for us today  
thinks that while rain is swell for mermaids, it's no darn good for bikes. Ride to Coney Island cancelled. 
@vkdd yeah, i told her we wanted to take her out, she mentioned Carrino's - then my brother said Olive Garden is her favourite place 
I am off to Palm Bay (east coast) today....to work    I am not even supposed to work weekends.  something's not right here.   bummer!
Broadford Works is on fire... lots of fire engines. thats all i know atm 
Had a really fun few days in Bristol with MarioKart, the camera obscura, the cave over the Avon Gorge, Ramshackle, Nando's etc sad to go 
Dammit, the Staten Island opener is totally getting rained out 
Clove cigarettes are illegal now? wtf.  
Its literally raining on my (mermaid) parade. No Coney Island for me today 
waiting in the ferry line to Port A. 45 min wait.. ugh 
@marinanyc boo I am on the Cape this weekend. Till next time... 
Leaving Palm Springs 
Why is there not a Buffalo Wild Wings in San Diego or North County? 
Going to order 800msp for tuesday when Point Lookout comes out for Fallout 3, but Game has some technical issues at the moment try later 
I'm really really wishing I could go to Cedar Point. I thought it was out of my system. But things like CP never really go away. *sigh* 
@Isobael I love my birthstone, Aquamarine, and my second favorite is Garnet... unfortunately they don't look that great together 
Hopeful about some houses in Fells Point that we saw/drove by today. But now not feeling so hot. 
Cabin fever not giving up. Wish I had a bike 
@HiggsBoson23 aw man...I miss Cedar Point. 
bacterial warning  (at Montrose Beach)
Please keep my Grand dad in your prayers 2 night as he is fighting for his life in somalia  I wish i could be next to you tonight
http://twitpic.com/7xbys - View from my bedroom...  this is going to be harder than I thought...
Oh em gee 24 minutes to Walnut Creek  (at Caldecott Tunnel)
Checking out the East Portland Aquatic Center with Anjali. Shark slide is closed 
listening to Soco Amaretto Lime ; remembering our Tropical Park days. 
@confessing7girl Point taken. 
Yes that's the Statue of Liberty. And yes I got there too late to catch the last ferry  http://twitpic.com/7xmuc
It's amazing actually having a 3G signal and speed while in Medford. AT&amp;T 3G data coverage in Grants Pass sucks. 
@amandanoyes Cool (: I met them at the HOB on Sunset &amp; at the KCA. I moved away before the Pomona show  but I talked to Andrew on
okay, so the Homebased Business Open House at Laurel Bay was a bust 
in the house on this nice day  watchin music videos feelin vh1s Island soul! make me wish i could visit some island like St. Lucia....
Y is it overcast today in Huntington Beach?!  grrrrrr
OK... so Kirstina's, then jamie lous.... then maybe Nikole's (Long Beach) all the way to Pasadena for Hannahs??? Yikes 
@Lark_in_Forks [Text]  see my fault
Intake Ridge http://is.gd/17EBQ trip canceled  Not sure what to do tomorrow now.. might be a trip to Gisburn Forest http://is.gd/17EGN
We made it to Salt Lake. Son didn't do well at the track meet. He injured his back several mths ago &amp; it flared up during the 200. 
Just got home from my camping trip at Lake Morena. I got so badly sunburnned this morning during our hike  war wounds, indeed.
I miss my Sunshine. Friends with no jobs ftl. 
I wish someone I knew was in Seaside cause I really need something to eat but I can't leave the cupcake place 
Lincoln Springs Resort is too small 
6-18-09 Visited the Page Museum at the La Brea Tar Pits with my Ma. Drove thru Hollywood &amp; Westwood looking for @wilw. No luck. 
Leaving Daytona Beach 
Goiing on Coastal Potrol today 
saw a two headed cow in a 'Freaks' tent @ Coney Island. I wish to let it free amongst rolling hills of green 
Burnt my tongue drinking tea at starbucks earlier today. can't quite taste my sushi 
thinks we're all regretting Olive Garden now..is it 10 yet? 
I'm bored  Watching re runs of College Hill ...
Burnt a hole through the heating pad and all the herbal seeds are everywhere....but but but i still really need it 
@craigeryowens I know a good album you should listen to-Birth.Eater by Oceana. Unfortnetly they just announced their breakup. 
@JohnCT16 no updates yet on Bluff  
just got in a chugging contest with a dude @ the Anchor- I lost 
Of all the idiotic things for me to do - I took my phone to the River parks splash pad.  It took a deep bath tonight. 
I am regretting putting back that bottle of Mango Boone's Farm.  
also at PA a producer waz supposed to look at me fo ra movie called the Hollow Tree.. he didn't show up!!!!  
@ageofconspiracy you're going to Arrowhead?!?!?!    i hate you    my madre said im kinda grown out of that  
Tree roach on the ceiling... I have been dreading the moment when they first began to appear in here... 
1 more hour at the Lake, 5 hours of sleep, work at the Lake again 8a-4p then working The Offspring concert 5p-12a; law firm 8a on Mon. 
misses my hubby!  and can't wait till he returns from protecting the mean streets of Ormond Beach lol
Salt Lake up 5-1 on Shawn Chacon, Sacramento. 
Salt Lake up 5-1 on Shawn Chacon, Sacramento 
I am soooooo trying NOT to watch One Tree Hill Finale  although I am dying to
Get home from work to see my parents watching Grand Toreno... I want to see it soooo bad. 
Oh man. No Silver Springs. 
i knew it was bad.  i was afraid to look.   http://bit.ly/10ABAz  accident on Gunbarrel, motorcyclist in critical condition.  
Awww going back home from Balboa  it was Amazing! 
Eastside Station in Snellville dead tonight. Wild Bill's too country and crowded. No dancing tonight. 
@MarriottIntl Heading down to Virginia Beach and going to stay at a Marriott. But then headed to Outer Banks, NC.. and No Marriott 
started reading Vanishing Point and it's pretty good so far! other than that, not really feeling like myself. 
@abigaeLettuce aww  yeah Grand Rapids. I still haven't gotten tickets though haha
Just watched the new Harpers Island. A little surprised they gave away the/a killer already. The series must be ending real soon. 
Going to bed. Really dreading working at Keys again tomorrow night  uggghhhhh
My trip to the Hunter Valley was cancelled due to the weather 
I shaved my legs today. DX My legs are now burning in the salty water of the Atlantic Ocean! I am an idiot  Anyways, Myrtle Beach is nice.
Queen latifah came into the restaurant and it was too busy and crowded for me to love her and have her sign the wall  maaaaaan!!!
2am and just getting home.... Eaton Rapids + Tornado = bad news bears 
@LB_Sunshine i miss you too 
Dubious about sushi in Mt Vic, but actually good and fresh! Lovely Korean cafe lady in Katoomba was tired and sold out from Winter Magic 
Hole 5. 10 on a par 5  2 lost balls
@DGrubbs I didn't go to the Grove with you last weekend cuz I had either HIV or the swine flu...now that I'm better I went out! Minus u 
 &quot;Beach Ball Fail&quot; - http://cheezburger.com/tw/?v7-20659 #lol #fail
Burnt myself on my old friend the mini spring roll. 
The U-Pass this year is going to be $40 a semester! I liked it better when it was free. 
Just finished 'New moon rising' buffy season 4, so sad  but it is such a cool ending for Willow and Oz
Strawberry picking was cancelled due to illness  Never mind, we'll reschedule. I now have the day to write, cook and draw pretty things.
@SuiteAces I ran out of Vodka a few days ago. No Long Island Ice Tea here, sadly 
is booking in soon again, ARGHHH 32km + River Crossing (CSB test) next weekkkkkk... 
The wedding was fabulous yesterday!  Then this morning, Marlin went fishing, but didn't catch anything. 
Phone has died.. in East Acton, looking at the Electric Cinema in Notting Hill fully booked for this evening though 
I'm having tomorrow a presentation about bureaucracy. Sound's boring... this is boring. But I have to waste my time with that 
@edfiasco the monkey section was locked off  so wounded.  But the very underrated Deer section was a nice suprise
at the Lake 8a-4p, work at The Offspring concert 5p-12a, sleep, law firm 8a-12p, errands, work 4p-12a, sleep, law firm 8a-12p, nap, work. 
So bummed the Grand Rapids show was cancelled, headed to BNA to fly home 
more summer research project fun!  NOtTreally.. But education is Key.
http://twitpic.com/801ij - View of the beach about an hour before we hit the road to come back to ohio 
Sound card problems   http://tinyurl.com/lvj3gx
I wanna be in Marble Arch 
trying to book flight to #agile09.500+ pounds, with Delta  this is gonna be so expensive. worth it? my 1st time presenting at a conference
At Lake Nokomis for the Chad Greenway/MN Vikings Gridiron Gallop 5k. Nope, I'm not running this year due to the foot 
Wohoo! Landed in Miami safely. Next, Grand Cayman for #engage09! PS. I think I just saw a little bird get squished on plane's wing 
Wohoo! Landed in Miami safely. Next Grand Cayman for #engage09! PS. I think I just saw a little bird get hit by plane's wing  #fb
Just missed 'No Country for old men&quot; on HBOasia  
Noe Valley is nice and sunny, but the it's still cold... 
Leavin the Bay 
Would have been nice if yesterday was as nice as today!  Rained all day for the Highland Creek Parade 
@Rabrika i stay off of Grove, but i think i might do the party later this week cuz i gotta work later now 
need an awesome time with my Point's.i miss you already  http://myloc.me/4R3R
At Pompano Beach. There are no waves. 
Goodbye Crown Point 
Burnt my hand on the oven rack baking buttermilk biscuits  ..
@eatthislens Shoal Creek Saloon. Po'boys were decent, fries indelible. Tried to go to Shuggie's, but they are burgers only now 
aghh idk where to live at Long Beach  soo many choices!
I'm walking through Pleasure Island and about to cry. It's so sad. 
@xratedr  You're just Lady Falls-Apart over there.
@KatyMoeller I remember when Meridian was a nice little country area. 
Loungin at Crystal Cove missin my man  What a beautiful day.
Burnt my tongue on hot chocolate 
[6.19.09] Our last day at Myrtle Beach.  Being silly and showing our &quot;grillz&quot;. haha http://tinyurl.com/ozzokz
@3x1minus1 That's unfortunate...  Strawberry ice cream rocks.
I think I just saw Hulk Hogan riding his bike in Pelican Bay, Allison wouldn't slow down to take a picture 
why is the dragster always shutdown when i go to Cedar Point? 
super stoked for my mini vacation coming up to Bird Point Retreat. totally bummed that my hubby has chosen not to come though....boo-urns 
@Soulcialite @workathomenow @FeliciaFett @LianneFarbes @Poison_Ivy4 @SassyStilettos Unless it's in VA, thurs is hard for me 
@heavytable And they closed their location on E. Lake St! 
Was watching 'The Beach' by Danny Boyle this weekend..and the damn DVD got stuck exactly when they arrive @ The Beach 
Oh no!  Another SB store is closing!  I taught a couple of classes there when it first opened. . .Scrapbooking by Design in Laguna Niguel 
@JulianEdward more than a bit, I'd say    trips from Ucluelet to Port Alberni on the MV Lady Rose were .... bouncy to say the least.
is extremely sad that I won't get to meet Milo Ventimiglia again this saturday  But at least I have Cedar Point as a consolation prize...
@TalkingWithTami Tami I've been eating then for 2weeks. Great snack! Publix on Cascade was out! 
Just got back from Sea World in SA, TX... Shamu is a mean whale, he got me all wet 
anyone know of a giveaway for The Forest of Hands and Teeth? i really want this one and i'm broke as a joke atm 
Brokers Open @ 20440 River Bank Street, Sterling - then run home to sick 10yo  stinky start to summer vacay.
i just passed an accident before before Balboa it narrowed to two lanes 
Bow wows fans must be 15  aww damn @ ed mcmahon! Double 
Sunshine...I feel like a cat looking at birds outside! i want to get out of the office buti have meetings 
Jamaica, I miss you... I'm so homesick.  I miss my Maiden Cay...and Grandma's cooking 
@birdinggirl I had a whole flock of Cedar Waxwings visit last year. Only one this year!    I'm an amateur bird watcher like you...
Horseshoe for lounging in the sun. still pink from yesterday. mama's a sun worshipper while she can be before the trip back east 
Getting ready for tomorrow's Peace Mural unveiling at Mount Vernon School! No mayor  But Newark's edu commissioner's coming!
road to Spirit Lake closed due to rock slide and possible wash out  
Real gullywasher in downtown #Gainesville. Always hate to see all that runoff going into Hogtown Creek. Sheet flow = 
Something I learned today: Lake police can give public drunkenness tickets to lake monsters. 
Point Lookout finally out and downloaded... but I can't play it until 8. 
@PopeOnABomb Airport: Man (MJC) Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast). No airlines found 
@mindykaling Caribou coffee will give you free coffee. I'm not really sure of where else 
Excessive Heat Warning for Douglas County, NE  
Pins and Needles 
@My_name_is_Reb Awww.. Coney Island is amazing. You'd have loved the Mermaid Day Parade. So many cool things to see! I miss you Rebert 
Just got really sad thinking that this will be a year we probably won't make it to Lake Winnipesaukee. 
Watching Howls Moving Castle to cheer me up from this crappy mood. eating an ice lolly in an attempt to cool down 
is itchin to visit another amusement park...wish I could make a trip to Cedar Point... 
i set the stationary bike to climb Mount Kilimanjaro and now my butt hurts 
I never thought that I would feel identified with 'Black Keys' 
We are headed to the Polynesian for a luau. It's raining though so it may be cancled 
I reckon I should stop drinkin Mountain Dew all together... makes my heart feel like a hummingbird...sucks 
Wants to take Alex from All Time Low to Transformers 2 at Regal Hunt Valley but i has no ticket and its too late now 
@Pretty_Rivers so sad its the last episode of College Hill 
@jamescantbeseen  But you have to eat!! Haha, yay okay! Faraway house.
Sunset failed.  i got some good pre-sunset pictures though.
@MzGossipGirl I'm going to Clear Lake with my in-laws! 
Might be moving to Tamarama beach - big change from Kirribilli and I'm not sure about it. I love the north. East is so wanky 
@deluciaoutdoors  Gorgeous!  No, I've never been in the  sea caves in Laguna.  Are they by Victoria Beach? I can't dive anyways. 
Tuesday Night lineup is crazy! Hawthorne, College Hill, then RHW of NJ Reunion! I'm never gonna get any work done. 
Just found out a friends dog died. Vale Gryphon 
still has the unwanted guest issue...they're SUPPOSEDLY leaving tomorrow, but for how long?  They only live in Kingston Springs 
Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen Falls Short http://bit.ly/14xG5F   
@Ericka05 unfortunately my Cape Town tweet was about the March 2009 show.I'm guessing TTT will only be back here again in 2011 
@Saosin miss ya guys  n have relaxing massage Cove &lt;3
@jonaskevin good! But missing you and ur bros in the Bay Area! 
@JRobey83 @TheStafford I agree.  There's a myspace, but someone else runs it and not sure she ever sees messages.  hope Eden can nudge her
Grand Chase - killed the boss like 25 times, only got 3 of the 4 quest items I need.   Going to check out GhostX then go to bed.
its very like Norwegian Salmon cakes topped with cream and syrup ! @GreeGreece I had one that disappointing afternoon 
I want a chubby hug from a little girl called Willow 
Clocks &amp; Speed Of Sound by Coldplay brings back memories of Barrie/Wasaga and when I stayed there most of the time in the summers 
Just dawned on me that godawful harem pants (http://is.gd/1cQ36) are a lot like the pants I've covetted that are worn by 12 Tribes women 
I don't want to leave Waterfall today. 
@MonkeyPuncher I wish there was a Cane's near me 
An undead Hammerite in Fort Ironwood pwned me 
my back is so sore   everytime i cough it gets worse. I need a hair cut Sunshine and happy pills.
Burnt my hand making coffee this morning and it smarts 
The Fish and Chip shop is on fire. The police and firemen have barricaded our Mews and won't let us out. I need to get lunch 
#Brisbane does anyone know when the Mango Hill Tavern opens? Would love to be there for the grand opening but can't find any info 
@Pearl_ROOB I hope u are feeling much better today. It's frustrating when u can't read 
Why is the Byron Bay writers festival so bloody expensive!?! Even for students!!! After $400 on books no more $$ to attend 
argh. i forgot it was #threadless thursday! i was gonna wear my tree shirt! http://www.threadless.com/product/1037/Tree 
Why don't we have 3G in St. Augustine, fl? EDGE is killing me after being on 3G for my south Florida trip. 
Like the Queen I have two birthdays, one of them is today, unlike her I don't get a national holiday or people wishing me well though 
@ahj RIP The Bay, Aberystwyth! No more nights in The Bay 
@justinrains Just moved to Harper's Point and they are tearing down the Kroger's here.  Am fried about it! 
Maybe F.T. Island have arrive alr! But i'm at home.  - http://tweet.sg
Missing my Sunshine more and more every day 
@hansongirl working on a plan.  Cross your fingers 
Homeward bound. 
I was oblivious to a bike press conference at Eastside Esplanade head at Steel Bridge this AM. Report is they handed out free bike bells. 
@KevinSwitzer Sunshine Savings Bank (new bank next to Publix @ Lake Ella) got robbed. Guess the weekly bank robbery quota has been met.  
have seen Pearl Harbor.. me loving that movie... always cried 
Ugh I wish I was going to the Every Avenue &amp; Valencia concert tonight  I hate Grand Rapids.
@lisaholmes you can buy my fiances duplex in Terwillegar 
@naughtyhaughty Sooo chill!  So what part do u live in? I went 2 Laguna Creek in South Sac then got my own place in Citrus Heights...
@butterflyb I must have had a dozen throat coats a few days ago. Ahhh, the Coat. That and Grand Marnier do wonders for me 
googling...Biltmore estate....flower festival coming up..looks like a neat place to visit 
Re-reading @megcabot's Avalon High for the nnnntttttthh time! 
Theres a gonuts near BC. I just had 3. Glazed, Strawberry hearth something and another strawberry flavoured one. 
@chrismdp to be fair at any other company it would be the Juniors first job to know where the coffee machine is. I &lt;3 Eden! 
Just got home from @henrychen's night shoot workshop, good times in Long Beach! 
Deer down by the river last night at sunset, egrets &amp; ducks this morning.....I really do love where I live 
@OurDave Good routes here  http://www.bikely.com/maps/bike-path/Manly-Dam-Mountain-Bike-Track was today's ride. 2 laps!
styling hunting today in Brick Lane and West End later on today, and I need to get a Canon 50mm f/1.8 lens at Jacobs 
@berrygurl919 hmmm, my Pearl had a fatal erro occur during a firmware upgrade, &amp; won't do anything including switch on. Unbricking now 
Done River Quest, Mystery Castle und Geister Rickshaw. On queue for Colorado Adventure: The Michael Jackson Thrill Ride Heeeeheeeee! now 
One Tree Hill 
@mark_uk_ne We know we don't have a Queen. 
@juliancheal I didn't think I could cycle up The Hollow, or Lyncombe Hill, or Holloway. Turns out I was wrong 
is looking forward to seeing Absent Elk's homemade semi acoustic version of Sun and Water    
HUGE moon on the western horizon in Fort Worth this morning 
nicely achy after great indoor climb sesion last night at The Castle, followed by much deserved kronenburg and pad thai 
@loopsnhoops Haha actually I was running some errands around Orchard ... just random snapping 
@besskeloid so it;s Fork Terror not SPPOOOONNNN TERRROORR 
Even when the sun is not its shiniest, &amp; the ocean is not is sparkliest...Life is better at the Beach! (espc. Jensen Beach, FL)  
Haha. Hawthorne Heights.. 
Heading to Myrtle Beach today 
@Staxx09 Ah a fellow Tar Heels fan...may we bask in our glory as we trounced Michigan State and took #5 back to Chapel Hill...yeah baby! 
Can't believe we almost have 100 followers. Thanks Camp Pendleton Community  So what can we do better online to give you what you need?
@JasonBradbury Waves to the audience 
Mt plesant here we come 
If you are on I 57 this weekend take Exit 10 to Charleston, MO-Dogwood Azalea Festival .....saturday and sunday 
I love weekends. At Cactus on Burrard!! 
@kottmomma Long Island Iced Tea 
@OhFlip_Eden your welkies  lol welk, that makes it sound like i sed 'ur a fish' rofl i mean ur welcome  there. hahaha
@shaunjamison Point taken. 
Going out to Pebble Creek for another weekend of golf! Happy that everyone is coming to support me  But im a tad nervous!!
About to head down to photograph the Umoja Expo &amp; Festival at FIU Biscayne Bay. http://www.umojaexpo.webs.com/     #fb
About to head down to photograph the Umoja Expo &amp; Festival at FIU Biscayne Bay. http://www.umojaexpo.webs.com   #fb
@CanadaBanana thx for reco - I'm hoping to find something new...If not... will probably goto Prince on Rupert and Grandview - my reco 
Oh, Klondike bar... I enjoy you... especially with your crunchy chocolate. 
The Audition are playing with Madina Lake now 
hanging out in the lobby at the Renaissance Long Beach. Say hello if you are here.  I will snap a pic of ya.
@Nuff55 lol! hello you  I shine brighter for them than a lighthouse on the north Cornish Coast ;)
just surfed Breakwater...good morning kiddies 
Strand of Oaks, too 
...I hope I have enough time to get ready and drive to Long Beach in time to meet the bestie and her friends. Ahhh...white girls. 
@tajexperience I'm not mad at you for keepin it positive  I'm off to Runyon Canyon
@coffeemaverick It's sunny on our side of the Rocky Mts 
Windy is playing with my mom..  http://apps.facebook.com/catbook/profile/view/6436056
Snow &amp; Ice finally left the Restigouche  river ,now we can say summer is coming for us here in my lil corner of the world 
Don't forget the boys are performing at the Atlantis Resort in the Bahamas tonight! For all of you attending have fun! 
starting to feel sane again after two days of laptop headaches. I still rocked it with Siren and Mosaic last night and it's sunny today. 
has just home after hiking around Meldon Reservoir ! 
@Vero0228 I wish you guys would film her....talking about film....I still have those VHS tapes (dino tapes) of Kiandra  .....sorry =(
@NikiScherzinger This will be awesome for sure. I still have the Eden's Crush cd!! 
TT bike shakedown ride. Along the way fixed the shifting on a new Cervelo P3 ridden by  World Record holder/Gold Medalist Barb Buchan. 
Nothing like awesome weather, bbq, and hundreds of people I haven't seen since I left Long Island 
@Wewa95 hahah thats ok. welcome to twitter!! 
Pearl express it I love this place I like anyplace that doesnt serve orange chicken 
@Ramona_W Hearing you had a suicide today at Taco Bell made me smile. 
Heading down to Clear Lake to meet Ken and other Coast Guar Aux for dinner.  Hope the roads are clear...not feeling up to rowing 
Grey Gardens starts tomorrow!!!  @buckhollywood I hope there's a hilarious review!
@jordanknight Of course you do.. We all would love to hear from you!! Thnx for a great tour!! Green Bay was awesome!! See you in Chicago! 
went to Wreck Beach today.  http://plurk.com/p/oxlfo
Watching King Of Queens Marathon  can't sleep and have work @ 8am! Can't wait for my run with my dog tomorrow  wooo
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOODMORNING Sunshine 
had a blast at Casino Royale charity event w/Miss America 2008, Kirsten Haglund...then quick stop to Hula Bay &amp; Ocean Prime w/friends. 
enjoying my time in Kona with my family! but i miss everyone back home! 
went to see The Pearl yesterday 
Getting ready to spend a few days in Newport Beach 
Had a wonderful day in Westwood, Simi Valley, Santa Monica,Torrance  Reagan library, excellent dinner on the beach, perfect weather!
Bay area rainbow symphony - Bach double violin, copland, dvorak - good company 
Sunshine makes me happy 
@chuanjeng Point 2. 2007 constitution went to referndum and won, 1997 didn't 
Going cycling with V today  I have a basket so Gem can sit in it, so cute!
@LittleHome I have been here 22 years, I am in Sorrento 
@ggoodfried Harpers Island on Norwegian televison tonight!  I can't wait 
@blagona wife's a Forest fan, we're hoping for a Ipswich win in the Old Farm Derby too  enjoy the game!
in Fiji, Paradise on earth, no where else the same 
@WayOfTheSword Used to go to this place in Daytona FL, called The Ocean Deck - best shrimp, by the bucket, ever! Cooked same way 
Loch Lomond is particularly beautiful today 
Off to help my non profit.. Run with the big dogs poker run today  to help greyhound pets of america - tampa bay
Chimney Swifts have arrived in Waterford VA - spent the night in our chimney 
Cape Town welcomes the dawn of Winter! 
Mountain Dew ftw 
LOL I've been to Pawleys...w/ the hammocks  Beautiful place  So what do you want for your blender?
Boat ? Merrick parkk ?  We'll see.
is looking forward to going to Stone Mountain later 
This picnic is whack. Ha. Someone come to Mt. Trashmore and save me! 
Sunshine and starbucks oh my, what a day 
Lily Creek photo shoot 
is really fed up of her awful skin now...i hate eczema  but looking very forward to Alton Towers tomorow!!! 
@JoeAdrian dude , come to Rhode Island &amp; get some del's lemonade ;) its the shit, I promise  hahaha .
Homeward bound now  be home by 8-ish or thereabouts.
Oyendo &quot;No line on the Horizon&quot; de U2 completo 
My wife went off to Wilber Hot Springs while I toil away at home. I ask you, is that fair? 
@_Loch_Nessie_   that's a good thing i think...
Last day of spring break   Heading off to Venice Beach around 2:00, though, which should be fun! 
@kate_lyn and St. Cloud's does not 
@angelapm our generation had Dawson's Creek, and i think we should leave it at that 
For those who missed out on the Auckland Viaduct Freeze. We are doing another one in Queen Street at the end of May -stay tuned 
@iamdaniela Did you get burnt?lol.It is almost dark here now,winds blowing a gale not raining though  end it our way then Byron Bay direct
Nice gig in Cardiff Bay Pizza Express last night- staff are wonderfully musician friendly 
@MrBenzedrine how about you give me your opinion on the correct Lake Effect Kid lyrics?  all the lyrics sites have different lyrics and im
After all these years of hiking and 2 failed attempts I have finally tackled my &quot;Arch&quot; nemesis... the Koko Crater Arch that is... 
Blogged a Hambly-layout, guestdt'ing Skissedilla (w/RAK), new Pencil-Lines-sketch and some cool photos  http://twurl.nl/26a651
@gurliegurlnica shanicaaaaaa!! don't you miss hearing that through Oak Tech hallways 
@tony_fagerlund - Yellowbird... I am even more interested in the url... 
@gblock @noopman We use Castle Interceptor's, its simple 
burger.jpg: Shared by Bayou Whaaaaaa, peut etre plus gras que le welsh  http://tinyurl.com/dg7um5
@bigcam01 Lol. Queen Victoria to be precise 
Off to Sorrento in 4 weeks  tanning, eating, drinking, tanning, walking, eating, sleeping, drinking bliss
@Karakatica The pearl of the Indian Ocean 
Surf's up  ? http://blip.fm/~4mlbt
My remix of Jasper Veenman's Frozen River is released today on Patchy Recordings 
@flackadelic I am, of course, kidding. Tow the inconsiderate freak... 
@dubber Sound straightforward enough!  [lifetime of study awaits]
Yes it will be another warm day..... low 70s around the Sound... cooler at the water..... cloudier near the Canadian Boarder... 
Oh - Alannah Hill stuff should be coming next week 
Last little bit of packing before heading to #rsac. Tentatively planning to crash Bay Sec tonight 
@thegogetter Though I am an Iowan, I don't take offense...Cedar Rapids sucks. 
@willtompsett more Maverick if you wore one of those cowboy lace ties 
Watching old One Tree Hill episodes 
@lamborghinibow haha! Bow u crazy!  but I like...Y.R.D ;-) bow u blowin ma cell up with cha updates!LOL
@martinjon thanks martin.happy that you like the Key's framing. 
@AmyDai hihihi aaaamy  hows iit gooing! Key theatre tonight yaaaay? loveyou x
@TweetCRM Sound like you have been doing a case study of my company 
leaving Northpoint's C3G mtg.  headed to Crabapple Middle..out of the tornado shelter safely.  
Going Silicon Valley afterall 
@webfusion5 When I saw your post about Hummingbird, I thought you were talking about a document management system.  
@K_Seas all the power tools in my garage are mine - the router was my birthday gift 
Off to Sea World! 
View my new twitter bg   http://twitpic.com/3pa42
@calden I'm staying at Bodega Bay Lodge--not Japan 
of course we have that here too, Manila Bay! Bay Walk baby! Awesome food and great view 
@MAVinBKK I'm refusing to wear coloured t-shirts now.   Land of Smoke and mirrors. LOL
It seems half of Madina Lake are following my Twitter  Hope you guys enjoy what you see!   For now? School! =p
lol @QueenLizII - maybe the Queen does tweet! 
On the way to Alton Towers for 2 days with my lovely wife. Water park today 
@pdidds sweet - your plane might be guided into the airport by a friend of mine who works in the air traffic control tower at Salt Lake 
@anotherojplease I think Kelz, as well as myself, were doomed from the very beginning, regardless of Rocky-watching 
I only smoked 1 blunt w/homies today, all the rest was spent meetin &amp; smokin with new ppl. Weed brings ppl together  good 420!
Back down on the Quay watching Windows timers again!! BORING!!! Off to see Iron Maidens Flight 666 movie in Portsmouth tonight though 
Beautiful day outside, off to play Florence Nightingale next door and then murder some snails   More blogging later 
Spring Harvest 09 Iscape was amazing thank u guys 
@Aqua_Nautical well, if you want more, you can always post all your jokes. haha 
The sun is mighty wonderful. I think ill go to Primrose Hill after uni 
nice weather here at Trafalgar Square 
Other best &quot;stumble upon&quot; deal this weekend, new wine store, sure to be a screw up, Graham's 2003 Vintage Port, $33. Bought it all. 
@ybcmark: a bit too sweet for me, I prefer something like Arbor's Brigstowe or Butcombe's Traditional...  [shameless plug]
@Bronnee Ah righto, we'll be down the road a bit, Byron at Clarks or something it's called, nice little place, good walk to sober up too 
Good night.  in Mount Prospect, IL http://loopt.us/l8Gm8Q.t
So sleepy after walking around all day at the Quail Hollow Championship! Had a great time though, but now it is off to bed. Toodles! 
yay.... Wintergreen.... 
Next destination: Oceanside.  Talking to my cousin.
Small video clip from Oscar nominated nature film &quot;The Bear&quot; (1988) http://is.gd/vnNr   
@B4AfterWebRadio love your Bluebeard's Castle #operaplot very super clever 
Off out on my bike now going up to Tow law and back legs are a little tight from the run yesterday 
Finally got around to listing my roving!  Pretty Meadow: http://tinyurl.com/cskp7r
It never ceases to amaze me how awesome Standing Stone is. They do SO MUCH fundraising with Juniata groups. Ahhh I love it so much 
@hanifn I'm at Shaw Tower at Beach Road 
Saw rustyrockets today at The Grove - A true gent, shaking the hands of his fans, hugging various feathered friends! 
@KGMB9 See my photo essay~Puakea Plantation  http://tinyurl.com/cns6pp 
Absolutly lovely day. Sunshine and everything... 
Nice view of Long Island sound from my hotel room... With nice balcony and Adirondack chairs!  [pic] http://ff.im/2wde4
@longpour Wollemi Pine is prehistoric!  http://tinyurl.com/cnju4v
Once In This Island = great. I had fun. Frankiki. Haha 
@nesarajah Justice, Kings of Leon? 
Just entered Aransas county! 
Windy cold outside....going out anyway! 
@Falcon7012 that's bad... funny, but bad 
is off to Lightwater Valley. 
And in a related note, I'm trying to keep awake for the sunrise   Key word: trying
@stephenfry  try falling asleep on top of Dalkey Island amongst the sheep, and waking surrounded by sky, wondering where on earth you are.
Joey may love his NYC girls but its his Long Island women who stand out.  (Jones Beach, 1st PPV, etc)
I'm waiting for Queen... 
ahh... what a day... beautiful swim, gotta love these crystal clear Coral Bay waters... what a place to work!!!! 
Slept at a truckstop in Fort Pierce last night. Hoping to get a straight shot ride to Baton Rouge from a trucker here. 
Entrecard giveaway! 100ec for the next five people to add English Wilderness to their blogroll, http://tr.im/2qsa - reply on twitter 
@rocuronium nice!  What made you pick brazil? hoping to get a Kona place?
Marina club, sea, sand, snorkel, scuba, guitar, sunset, friends, island to ourselves. Lovely weekend 
The Halifax Pier is making light shine upon me. Soon I am, going to play some drums. great phun! 
@Amargosa I'll volunteer to test it 
Going to Rend Lake College for Rotary District Assembly.  It's only 6:10 am!  After LB graduation last night, I wish I was still in bed.  
@LittleFletcher i dunno what fletcher day is either lol i wanna know now cause i love you Fletchers lol you guys rock  xxxx
Just finished a great mtb ride at Northern Farm this morning 
Is at Hurricane Harbor all day for the Cardboard Boat Regatta! 
Heading out for a ride along Lake Ponchatrain... supposed to be a hammer fest. This is gonna hurt... 
@fabeku We'll meet you at the fairy airport! Wahoo  Now, random question, do you adore Enid Blyton books? Faraway Tree?
Surry Gardens with Mum to buy pretty flowers  Bleeding Heart?
Just arrived at the Hotel Riviera. They upgraded our room to Sea View instead of Garden view which we had made the reservation earlier 
Driving to the other side of the Island today. 
Hanging out in the cousins living room waiting for everyone to get up!  in Pleasant Hill, MO http://loopt.us/5PxTrg.t
@IAMtheCOMMODORE i just drove through saratoga 
Lots of studying to do today... And my reward for being such a good student will be Quail Hollow tomorrow!!!! I think.... 
No more procrastinating, Beach to Beacon training starts today! What have I gotten myself into? 
Good bye Ajax, mwahaha! Off to Niagara Falls! 
misses the old days: The Grand Cathay and Cinneleisure Orchard. Anyway... gotta do my 4th PI now 
@xMoonyx YAY!!!  Go Mr Orange man hehe!!! just read back..had to : least we know Glens Glen (orange)  damn cps!! xxx
is just chillin' and is waiting for my mommy to come back from Hot Springs I miss her terrible                               
I'm doing this just because @denisleary told me to.  I guess that makes me an #asshole... Pass it on... 
68 degrees, blue skies, eating breakfast at the Log Cabin, wondering why we chose to live in Magnolia, TX 
@aphalloides That would be fun.    Saw him here in Chapel Hill a few years ago, talking about the show; it was great!
is going to measure moisture in the ground in Fox Lake.  and hopefully find some fish!  
@PATRICIOS iit's the Queen of the uniiverse  anybody can change that hiihii
Crest white strips! 
Listening to the Magnetic Fields - I don't want to get over you. Such a cute song! 
Off to Dog Beach in Solana with the little devils. 
MIght go to the Grand Canyon 
Ahh the Mountain View guys are here  best looking group of firefighters around.
Is going to see Fire and Ice 
Helping out @ Corner Stone tonight 
Had a great time at Phoenix Farmers Market this morning, ran into @drgilpin--enjoy your blood orange Queen Creek Olive oil! I'm jealous 
@lovesux13 Thanks Vero, no I don't party anymore, but I am gonna try to get into something.  We'll see 
Coming back from a Great Swim @ Palm Beach. Not yet as cold as http://tinyurl.com/df75n5 though 
Going to the Grove.. movies with Holly 
Just waiting to go into Gold Class at BCC Chermside, I've never been but clearly colin is excited   http://yfrog.com/795b6j
Is having a mini party here at home now, and I caught a bad ass snake t Lone star Preserve today  getting drunk!
good thing most of the us is malaria free because i wouldve gotten it about 25 times over. beautiful day in galveston  esp the Strand.
Off for a swim now.  Pool is meant to be quiet from 5pm to 7pm, but if those in Kapiti know of good (quiet!!) times, then let me know.  
Space Mountain always worth the wait 
Sunshine ate five pinkies after having ate 4 just three days go. That's _messed_ she's tracking well to grow to 6 feet  grrr. Jurasic park
the other sister is on! A fine example of using &quot;Olive juice&quot; 
Late dinner at Olive Garden with a bunch of friends. First time eating at Olive Garden in years. My gosh... I miss this food! 
@mckenna_face well...I do love Carmel Frappuccinos (Light) with whipped cream 
Pheasant in garden this morning is v loud and not a pleasant noise - bit like me singing 
Ohai, Nevershoutnever song I've never heard of, before.. 
just woke up and is drinking my fav tea Forest Fruits.. yum-ie. waiting for a call from my parents who will visit me today.. yay! 
@RobinShen n I'm leasing a Northland bush pony (looks lyk a mini clydie)who's down from Twizel  named Red, bout 13 yr,14hh-hes great!
Just starting the new Harlan Coben novel, with a glass of Yering Station Sangiovese and homemade pizza. Could be a long night 
Anyone else here like Madina Lake? I love them 
@Restrictor yeah let's have alcohol sponsor a car race - never really understood that one - &amp; BTW Crown Royal is nasty 
http://twitpic.com/4h1en - A peaceful office  #Medan #Toba_Lake
It's a beautiful day in Whitley Bay. Time for some gardening and perhaps a walk by the sea. That should clear my head. 
Had another wild nite! Went to Palm Springs, visit my ExBunni &amp; viewed his new home in the O.C.  then to the Marina, now Sunset Plaza.
Going rock climbing out at Lily Pond in the Whiteshell 
In the car with Jake on the way to The Rock FWC! Then to the parents church at Cario UMC  Great Day!
@lpi It will be easy to find me, but I am not wearing my shirt as planned. 708 E. Grand River. Devon's Storage.   Starts at noon.
@kyleandjackieo hilarious! At Kangaroo Valley or Elizabeth Bay? Have you moved yet? Honey...can't DM you back...ur not following me yet!! 
@tipp_princess Grand, slaving away here  At least I've a nice cup of tea beside me though
Just got a ticket to The Westside Story 
Off to Ocean Terminal with Jasna for coffee with Granny &amp; Grandpaw 
My nose is runnin like the freakin Niagra Falls [[u like that similie rite lol]]. Strtn rich paper witout my focus aren't u proud 
@gwto I'll take the batsman any day. At least he identified with Nevis &amp; Nevisians unlike the treasury secretary 
McFly is my newest obsession - Down by the Lake &lt;33, watched JONAS last night it was hilarious 
Getting ready to go meet the girls for a fun day of Mud Baths, up in the wine country 
@cherinewton Sending you a hug from the Bay Area 
@zombiefly No, it's definitely &quot;lock&quot;.  &quot;Loch&quot; is the Scottish one 
I feel like im in Forks here in the woods with all this fog and mist 
Worship Conference at my church tonight @6pm with Ascend the Hill  expecting great things!!
Today is like a depressfest..... I kinda want to go to Cedar Point and party 
@eni_kao Switchback, by Celldwellers -&gt; makes us dance but nice 
Having &quot;Hualalai Estate's 100% Hawaiian Coffee&quot; today too 
@Vangelus Salmon is meat. 
&quot;Pass the dutchie pon di left hand side&quot; my dad is playin sum shit right now.hes the best reggae dj @djwillgates is still my fav dj 
@friedchickpea ur at RI Ave now, right? If you're ever jogging down Rhode Island and want a brk mid-way, lemme kno. I'm near N Cap &amp; RI. 
I'm so excited!  my god! I'll be there... at the River Plate Stadium  yay!
Cooking. Pine needle( rosemary) chicken and roasted baby reds. Smell yummy 
Dinner at Las Olas in Cardiff. Sitting at the bar, drinking margaritas, watching the Sun set over the Pacific. Basically, a typical day.. 
@DannyLYoungers dude it's all those Magic Mountains you eat and Mountain Dews you drink. 
Just shot an awesome engagement session in Long Beach.  Photos to follow 
@kimmiemeissner Whatever you choose I'm sure it'll be great.   Just promise no Malaguena, Carmen, or Swan Lake!  haha im sick of those
Strawberry banana and vanilla wafer yogurt land. I'm quite happy right now 
I like Willow 
Thanks to Shady Grove Hospital for taking care of me  Hopefully, the Z-pak will fix me up
I did it!!! I finished Wildflower triathalon in 3 hours 33 minutes! 1 mile swim, 25 mile bike and 6 mile run!!! 
Feeling a bit shaky &amp; light headed from all the Moster I drank today... Going into Tarpon Springs tomorrow 
@Adrianna PS, it's On an Island in the Sun, rather than on and on and in the sun 
@urbanbohemia925 You should start Quail fights- like cock fights for hipsters! 
@Pharaohcious Strawberry 
@ev Are you kidding.... 4,656 views of a cat photo that is barely 10 seconds old!  Way to go Twitter King Ev  TQ. Maui.
@xerinfnstein Fuccccck offf! You're not fat -.-' Ohai - guess what? 
@metagaming Sunshine in my face ! Smells like a good morning all right, smells like a good week 
@lilmomz LOL, &lt;bells&gt;Eden&lt;/bells&gt; should be told that we named a drink after her 
Having a nice dinner at Roys Waikiki with some of the yardhouse kids 
Video of the arch yesterday - taken by @BrianKerrPhoto - Bail Hill Striding Arch video - I am on this too   http://tinyurl.com/c3q6rd
Cape Town is beautiful! Sun is shining, amazing landscape and everything is &quot;easy going&quot;! 
Bom dia  Rembrandt Impact Basin on Mercury - http://antwrp.gsfc.nasa.gov/apod/ap090504.html
Surf's up this week - starting this afternoon 
looking for models for beauty shoot THIS THURSDAY in the Valley studio  contact me if interested!
Mount dishes have been conquered. Dish land is ours 
@themanwhofell compliment taken. Thanks. Key is to be yourself 
I need a break... PFFF... Work Sucksss Will be in Myrtle Beach SC in 45 days...  things like that make me soooo happy woeiwoeiwoei
@DejaMeade For the record, Madina Lake played your song third.  At least your enjoyed The Audition though?
@BreakfastNews why thankyou  @chris_garner suggested Fannie Bay (but it is in Darwin)
Sunshine is back....... having a hair day  new due 
starting off my day with a little Northern Light 
@Pearl57 welcome back. my monday turned out ok. hope yours does too  xox
@ckjchambers I agree the G B Reef got my vote  #queensland
http://twitpic.com/4jerc view of Atlas Mountains, Morocco across the Straits of Gibraltar, I took the other day from Europa Point, Gib 
@skinnylaminx saw a whole lot of your stuff at Africa Joy Casterbridge Farm, White River in Mpumalanga.was quite thrilled to see ur stuff 
@terrymyers My son would freak for the Falcon 
Full Time in tonight's game, Ashington 0 - 5 Whitley Bay 
@AliNichole0619 I am thinking about reading that too! She is talking about it on the View too! Not that you miss it often 
Sooooo glad Stone Creek Coffee is following me!  I *love* their atmosphere!  
about to head to the Strand, goodnight 
Takes the 554 to Willoughby, St. Nelle, Glie, Old Oak Center, The Big Mall.  So many places to choose from.... 
I'm my mom's company picnic at a Lake Elsinore Storm game. Oh the things we do to please moms 
@SafiG Lol..Wat was Vibes doin on Atlantic? &amp; where's ur shirt in your twitter pic? lol 
@erronious Some of yr coworkers hogging the jukebox @ Union Jacks. 
Going to the Gold Coast for mothers day lunch 
Great motorcycle ride along Hood Canal and through Gig Harbor today. Not to warm, great sunshine, stunning day 
@sjowen I had a double cheeseburger and fries from The Golden Arches....I will be sicker than a dog tomorrow. 
Strawberry margaritas + baked stuffed shrimp = 
@theteganandsara PRIDE next weekend in Long Beach!! 
@emilmor mmm, wanna go see Little Big Town next Sunday @ 4 @ Chesapeake Jubilee? 
Watching fireworks off the Bay bridge. 
@Desert_Paradise Hi Dale, your welcome man! Hope ur weekend is going well. I think I would enjoy your Desert Paradise! fun, fun, fun! 
@ngffrussell Awesome.  I'm down in Ocean Beach (if you know where that is.) By the way. &quot;YourBiggestFan&quot; I'm a re-al big fan of you-rs.
@Jeremyscott002 Above Garden of the Gods in C Springs. My parents work for the Division of Wildlife so we get to go on private land 
Done...now another gem of a day in Cape Town 
At Twin Peaks. High  Yay!
@aljones15 thank you!! ooh I see you've read Desert Islands http://is.gd/ys6K great book! 
@SuperTriviaGuy Hey we were at Tallebudgera Creek at 5pm.....visiting Anita's special tree........could have almost bumped into you 
Listening to We Are Dead Ocean by @Draculatron. I actually listened twice in a row because it's so short and pleasing 
http://twitpic.com/4wsjr - Leisure Bay beach  (I see the pic. wasn't uploaded last time, grrr!)
I'm feeling higher than Mt Everest 
@JasonBradbury What brings you to our fair Island today? 
did 14.5 miles in the Peak last night, with a nice 5 mile run back to the car this morning 
just watched One Tree Hill episode 22 season 6... never cried this much since keith died!!!!!! OTH is epic for sure!!!!!!  Xxx
Sensation Ocean of White Portugal: absolutely amazing  Adoreiii!
@PeskiePete I grew up in Pt Augusta!  
Sunshine in Skien, going out 
@indychristian don't eat too much!  I'll have to try Paradise sometime
tired... don't feeel like going for class gathering tmr. o_O brb~ gotta watch Harper's Island. 
sang &quot;You are my Sunshine&quot; to her mom today. 
@remarkablogger Congrats on becoming a faculty member of @claycollins Project Mojave membership program! Yay! 
watching the Twin Peaks episode AGAIN with mommy. 
@Queen_Vero thanks a lot 4 ur support 
@Befitt I will take you on my hike/run through the Phx Mtn Preserve some morning when you're ready.  We can walk down hill and run up! 
@spoiled_one When it comes to Country the simplest songs are usually the best. Ur Avatar doesn't look like the face of a Country listener 
: Eating Mexican food.  Olive Garden tomorrow.
I might be moving to Long Beach 
Loving One Tree Hill tonight 
@Jason_Byrne Yep - first 25 years in Adamstown Heights and Kotara South    Great place to grow up. Wish there were more jobs up there.
One Tree Hill was amazing. loving the CW  xoxo
@NiteShok it was awesome, cheers dude - pork ribs at Mike's Kitchen in Robina and the afternoon swim at Main Beach were highlights 
@WilliamOrbit hi william, it is a building with offices. They build it on a Crane Track in the Amsterdam Harbour. So similar to yt pict 
just got back from second shooting a wedding with Kim at the Kaanapali Westin Resort  - great property!  Beautiful Sunset - sweet couple 
Looking very pretty along the River Cam this morning.  http://yfrog.com/0ah22hj
@nicolaymusic - so, is the FE ever coming to the Bay Area?  Enquiring minds want to know 
*sigh* just got home from the Valley.. Stopped by Super Walmart in American Canyon and had dinner at Fresh Choice.. 
listening to Crystal Castles 
@RealHughJackman  Stupendous shot of the Waterfall Jump 
had a great time at the Sunset District with her cello friends. 
@MyAppleStuff Bon voyage. Wave if you pass Hampshire. 
One Tree Hill in 40mins!! 
oe oe, I think I have tickets for the acoustic show Elbow will be doing in DeSmet.. 
@MayGik Sneak Peak of today's presentation  http://idzr.org/26ia
At Admiralty. 
Lukin 4ward 2 the Drag Queen pub quiz 2nt! lol We r gona kick sum ass with our wealth of knowledge  (we hope) haha x
@Eli_Lama  We live on the Mainland of a very large Island called Australia lol 
4:46... and I'm not tired..... another Sunrise for me 
@therichbrooks 6 am flight out of Bar Harbor tomorrow, unless u have a jet I can borrow, I can't get to a Portland #tweetup tonite 
Emily (who has hijacked F + S Twitter)- had a fantastic time sailing underneath Tower Bridge today with Scarlet &amp; Crew  !! Thanks @ at EMT
Enjoying Sunset from the window opposite to my office Seat 
@mcanna_girl Fish fed 
http://twitpic.com/55gwc - Lake Maggiore. I may go back to that wonderful place in a few weeks 
3rd Annual Oak Island Open Pier Tournament. Held June 20th and 21th this year.  http://www.oakislandpiertournament.com  Dave
Being a mentor today... Here with caty and teaching her the ways of Wyndham.. I hope I don't scare her off 
@SherriEShepherd ur quiet on The View today, sitting there listening to the girls go back n forth and your in the middle just makin notes 
@ColleenLindsay If your train goes around the Horseshoe Curve and through the Gallitzin tunnels, wave my way  - to the right, post-tunnel 
Watching Meg and Dia at the Strand in Huntington Beach. Theyre amazingg 
@NathanFillion you might have to get used to follow-on seasons if Castle keeps the standard you've started with. 
I'm now a River person and i have chocolate milk  yay
@alexalltimelow Please come out and do Grand Theft Autumn tonight! 
@ianracey I have watched movies in that theater. I used to stop at the Raceway there on my way home to Pamplico. 
@jkulyan One of my favorite episodes so far might be Doppelgangland, because Willow is one of my favorite characters. 
http://twitpic.com/5c81d - @10Yearsmusic - Sound check. 
@LilyLoch There is nothing quite like the Royal Mile. 
ZOMFG!! The Pirate Bay now has an official theme song! http://ping.fm/EM2Ce Sweetness! It's quite catchy, too 
@nathanfillion Was that your way of saying Castle's been renewed? YAY! if so 
Back from Los Angeles!! Had lunch at TOAST, enjoyed Santa Monica, Venice Beach and Malibu, shopped at Beverly Hills... all good 
Off to finally start Highland Scandal, goodnight! 
haha. @delta_goodrem quantum physics ? wth is that. yes. prime-minister Delta  i stayed up late reading gossipgirl :S youknowyouloveme &lt;3
@tayswift http://twitpic.com/2xtsl - Trace is fuckin mint 
@Greyasrain Burbank High! 
@sageothyme I must admit I am enjoying the Sunshine Coast weather. Lapping it up before I fly south 
Hihi my goal was to get 40 updates before going to my dad, but I already had 40 updates, so let's try for 45 
John text'd at 7.23 for a mtb ride round Epping Forest. Cold and raining decided on a duvet day 
Listening to The Archers, playing catch with the orange football and tweeting all at the same time: Weston-super-Multi-tasker  
@champuru See you at Waipahu Plantation Village on June 6. 
download Absent Elk's debut single Sun + Water from iTunes. Such an amazing song + the acoustic version is gorgeous too. 
#Harper's Island is on tonight 
Train is passing Rabenstein Castle now. The new owner has build a lift outside the walls. Reminds me a little bit of a siege tower 
Hihi, going to ica, caaaaaaaandy 
@Castle03 if you manage to get on the big screen, or a camera points to you, do something so i can see you 
Delta is on  line again yeeehhh 
Sunny in Aberdeen and having pic &amp; mix with @oxjuliaxo 
Just finished a light breakfast and heading out the door to Bay to Breakers! And yes, I do have my clothes on! 
@elegantslummer Jumeriah Beach, thats two blocks from my place  You should visit
filming at Mount St. Helens today.  Just waking up now and getting my coffee.  I love my job 
On the way to Folly Beach 
Doing Beat the Bridge race in Seattle this morning! Should b beautiful 
Prom was amazinggg!! Now off to Lake Conroe 
Trying my first Bonanza today  Lots of awesome artisan pottery etc. http://tinyurl.com/by46bb
I love NYC, but I'm kinda bummed that I'm missing Bay to Breakers today. Take pics of the debauchery for me! Also drunk texting is ok 
Going to lead a hike in the Santa Fe Ski Basin. Dale Ball trail has spectacular views &amp; goes through groves of juniper, pinon &amp; scrub oak 
it would be really nice if the new Yardhouse in Coral Gables had outlets &amp; free wifi 
living in Sea Isle for the whole summer! come visit me 
So full! Tow calls re fun with jill 
@adamjackson are you taking any pics? You much find the naked dude in the Bay to Brakers crowd. 
back in Cape Coral 
@Ste1987 It does! Ice cream is good 
@mlhbtb I bet Carolina Basset Rescue would love to provide a basset for your basset.  http://www.cbhr.com/
Last night my King crowned me Empress. 
Balm Beach todayy.  Great Photo opps. #fb
The snow is almost gone at Clear Lake 
@PodcastStockton We won 5-0, would've loved to have you there! Try to catch some of our double-header on 5/30 vs Twin Oaks Church! 
Ocean view room in Laguna Beach: beautiful. Today will be fun; beach, safari, partying, sunset  Appreciation is key, all smiles as always!
For the formerly Murky Coffee patrons- stop by Stacy's in Falls Church... not the same, but great and PLUS.. my cupcakes are there 
50 minutes and 11.5 miles on St.. Marks Trail. Coulda gone longer but rain came. I actually feel better after the ride than before. 
thinking nobby nics would have been a better choice of tyre today. Conti Mtn Kings were slipping all over the place  #mtb
@treacherousd I go to Bay Area Fellowship on the island.. And I go to the main one off of weber. 
is having brunch after watching Bay to Breakers. Thinking of # False Profit Spring Training at Oakland after this. Join us 
watching One Tree Hill 
@johannadc I feel the same way about Castle. 
@bezotes thanks, that's what I'm going to get  appreciated (not sure about the bagel, I do live on Staten Island, LOL)
Bout to leave to head to Oak Moutain with steven 
@Stony419  I'm kinda slow today.
Amazing day with @jasonholyoake yesterday! Drove from Ocean Beach down the Great Highway through Pacifica almost to Half Moon Bay.  &lt;3
Strawberry nachos are AMAZING  
Volcano tacos are back at the bell! I'm gonna eat the hell out of them as often as possible 
@scodal And got kicked in the head by crowd surfers   But it was a damn good day.  Sunshine, beer, music, good friends.  
Just got home from church... Excited about Cedar Ridge this afternoon 
Valley View 
On Avery Island pwns. 
Finished Bay to Breakers, and even managed to reach my targeted time (1h 12min)! 
@rhettroberts I'm sure you will!  LOL, you can always go to #SunCity and do your #tanning at the Valley Of The Waves...! ;P
What an evening this is! Sunshine, old friends and now food. 
Just won a race around Paradise without a single crash, and by 12 seconds...I've missed the glory 
Can't fucking wait for River Riot in Omaha!! Even if it's 3 months away. 
I now know how to find the Upper and Lower quatile range  Hey check me out eh ;)
@RealHughJackman Cmping for the summer at Mammoth Caves, because my 9-year old wants to do anything action after watching your movie.  
Long Beach Pride at The Trevor Project Booth all day! Come by and say hi! 
&amp; Buck are @ The Living Desert &amp; it's hella hot 
Home from last recital, and the best one yet!  Olive remembered all of her moves and wants to do it again &quot;every day&quot;! 
really looking forward to Plump Hill tomorrow with YR2...got my wellies at the ready 
Relaxing. Saw 'The Deer Hunter' earlier.. longer than I expected - but still really really good! 
So I had a talk with Vero... &amp; turns out we might make it to the warped tour 
@flyingbolt  Hopefully I'll get inked while I'm there! Cross your fingers for me!  
is going to Flaming Gorge this summer with her fiancee's parents!!!!!! 
@OceanEyes7 Totally on the Beast Coast!!!!  &lt;3
@alaksir LOL, I think you might be a little far away... But if you're ever in the Keys feel free to stop by and I'll cook for you 
Back from my Columbia River Gorge trip with Steve. It was awesome! He is so much fun! 
View then bed...nite twitter fam*    You should all follow @tpleeza &lt;----- he is mad cool 
Big day today-touring Windsor Castle, Roman Baths and Stonehenge 
Just been night flying on a beautiful Hawkes Bay night... aaa the life  OOO and got my speakers!
Moma &amp; Statue of Liberty tomorrow 
sign up for the Mt Dew sweepstakes and win prizes! http://tinyurl.com/mtdewtokens 
@sputnikmd EXACTLY!  good seeing you today, Eday!
@emilysherman  If I lived in the Country dish network would be my choice, however att uverse is outstanding.  
@SandyCosser Cape Town is the reason I love it  I know, I'm strange.
@fooyonghwee the tiers at Isetan Orchard. 
@ArcherMishale hi Arch, how's it ha... never mind. ;) how are you today? 
Even if I have to study a lot for an exam,I'm very happy because I'm in love with a cute girl  -&quot;Sunshine, when you're with me I can fly&quot;
On youtube, and listening to &quot;Sex on Fire&quot; by Kings of Leon  @psybeam watev
Lighthouse film quiz tonight and our team 'dramatic chipmunk' are hosting it.  1 prize  is a very special cake  - http://bit.ly/YLyT5
@ExMi @SheBeeGee for sure!! There some leke coffee places in Edenvale so we'll organise soon 
perfect got the beverage... Klondike's in the freezer... 
Oh my god Sea Fm are playing Nikki Webster... time to turn better music on  Short Stack!!
Springsteen's &quot;Meeting Across the River&quot; on repeat and some late night illustration work under my fingertips. What could be better? 
@murries Mine is 'Thunderstorm in the Wilderness', does yours have heavy rain? We must make copies and swap sometime! 
Loving listening to my seven year old daughter reading from The Goblet of Fire!  I get to do all the Hagrid bits in my best West Country..
Mathew Bourne's Swan Lake: matinee on the 12th Dec booked for 6. I'll pm details later. We can find some comedy for the evening too 
@StevieJ102 we were just at City Walk but we can go again. Ur going tonight? We'll go if ur there. Let's hit Saddle Ranch 
Anyone going to Flash on the Beach in Brighton? @ferdikoomen will be representing De Monsters 
@ShropshirePixie Individual therapy by Windy Dryden 
@superianita  weezer-Island in the sun
1 reason to love Long Island is that we can make right on reds. 
@julestmc succes in your new job! We might be seeing each other on the Loch! 
@paulk_asert I vote Gold Coast but I'm biased 
Being interviewed by the Ann Arbor News for an article about my agency, Visiting Angels, and my book, Behing the Old Face 
The trip to Camel yesterday is really worth it! I SO fell in love with this European-ish town..  Better stay there and drive to Monterey
@changdice (..This time I typed Changdive?) Taemin and Key need chapstick. Changdice sounds silly, no offence? 
Strawberry pop tarts 
Dress.  Plain and perfect.  http://twitpic.com/5f7vn
@Marina80 thx, hope you di too 
@RZebley @BradBlackman @champignons @illusiocreative Peak at new monoprints, thought you fellow printmakers would enjoy  http://is.gd/l4Oj
Just checked out the training schedule for this week. Looks do-able! Watch out Tawas Bay Triathlon! 
school work...blah.  Show on Thursday at the Swallow at the Hollow in Roswell, GA at 6:30pm!  YAY!!! 
Inscribed Loop of the Kirin Tor baby 
Off to Kona. I just love when my phone rings at 2 am! 
@kidOhri cool  I love Brokeback Mountain, it's my fav movie. ps i love you was pretty great too 
@wnwek Obviously Gate crashed! 
Lovely overcast a.m. in Ocean Shores, WA. Have a great day tweeters!! 
@Meadow_24 wishing you the best of luck... and speaking from experience, let things calm down, don't think about it til tomorrow 
i love to play Wandering Willow.. 
@Glebe2037  Humility is well received  Beautiful capture either way.
@hdoria, vai ter brinde no stand do Arch? 
is in Bend today bitches 
Drift woods on the river; pause awhile.. I want to come with you too 
Some gorgeous new bits just arrived instore!! Willow will have them out on the shelves asap for our lovely customers!! 
@MichaelValiant awesome  I once listened to 'Cape Canaveral' for an entire workday. I recommend it!
@Schofe http://twitpic.com/5fdpd - Thats my Redwood, excelent 
@charliesmith77 Head to DisneyQuest or Pointe Orlando on I-Drive has Star Trek in IMAX! It's awesome 
GDK satisfies me oh so much  Grand daddy you know the rest uhh chillin playin some nhl gym later
tired of Hollister!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Next week last week for a while 
@captainmicahp thanks for following and for listening to 2Schooners 
View all of my photography here!  http://duskdiamond.com/photo.php
@alice_at_night no, but i'll check 'em out , thanks  ....have been listening to Drag The River a lot
Iguanas was great tonight 
@FreelanceCoffee I'll probably be in my car this time, coz I have to go to Harbour Town... so not fussed 
@eiir Hihi! they sure are 
@Willows84 I've added you back my lovely  x
ahh finally donw with my second essay... finally off to bed. Battle of the Sexes pep rally tomorrow. Westview's greatest emcee 
@ChesterBe it's very cool that you really respond to your followers.  thank you so much. see you in St.Petersburg ;)
What a crackin' day! Thorpe Park's been put on ice &amp; going to chill out on Brighton beach instead!! Loverly! Gonna see Star Trek too! 
@wossy Hi. Climbing Mt Aconcagua, highest mountain outside Himalayas (6962m) for Leukaemia help http://bit.ly/zTWz7 . u able to support? 
?????? The Lonely Island - ?????! ??? ?????????? ??????? ???? ?? ???? 
@italytutto Ciao! Sure thing! There are some great blogs on the Amalfi Coast &amp; I think that would make a fun feature for italytutto. 
Hey, @TomFelton, when you call Timber [if she's far away] do you go &quot;Timbeeeeeeeeeeer&quot; like when trees are felled? I think you should.  ;)
Sitting at Mcdonalds on the laptop, had a coffee and a slice of Banana&amp;Walnut cake 
Trev Fountain  http://twitgoo.com/782a
Morning all,Great News the Ospreys EJ and Odin's 1st egg has hatched 1 little Osprey chick snuggled under mum  http://tinyurl.com/4et9z2
Grinding shit out tonight , and now its time to Pass the fuck out 
@LilCease thats good to hear love...kids always bring joy..you know? Glade to see you smile sweetie 
All this fuss about Ida, reminds me of Piltdown. 
@liamgallagher it's not really you, is it? I might just faint. Looking forward to see Oasis at Slane Castle next month  Oasis forever.
Maitai's 22 !  go greet her. 
@Pearl57  thanks shirl!
work until 1 at the latest then Water Country with @mcdonoughab 
I'm On A Boat - The Lonely Island 
Crazy tired. Drove Momz to bus station. On way home watched sunrise at Shelter Cove  zzzz.
http://meta1beast.mybrute.com Another game from Motion Twin 
another beautiful day touring &quot;Barossa Valley&quot; wineries. one day i might even get someone else to do the driving. 
Sunshine after the rain  ? http://blip.fm/~6t0y6
@cliffysmom Swan photo's were great 
@LittleFletcher @wisteria_90 @EmsMcFlyer @tommcfly @gfalcone601  @zivklara #votemcfly http://www.musiqtone.com/  Pass it on x 
Maple Story &lt;33 
headed to West Palm Beach with Kree!!! 
Has to go finish cleaning Duke's Lagoon because it's finally opening tomorrow! 
today is senior cut day!  Beachin' it.
What would you need that for, Fork, you're made of plastic you can float!  http://twitpic.com/5op9s
Great day!  The sun has returned,   Clearwater Beach is summoning me!!!
@markycalvert haha soon dude! Flat time begins next month 
Last night @coderster and I went out to the Scenic Vista on Rt 16 and saw a shooting star. 
Door to door in Newport/Ardoise today  #nselection
Eye doc in about an hour! Shore with my bitty possibly 
@YourWxToday Yea, it was a bummer it was rained out. This weekend is the Pungo Strawberry festival in VA Beach. Going to try &amp; go to that 
@lee_deas heading to Harbor Grill saturday night?  I'll probably be heading there  need to salsa!
http://twitpic.com/5or7q - View of Brighton Pride last year. Fuck me i can't wait till this one 
My research paper on the Mbuti Tribe recieved an A   Now I am working 7 days a week in the store and going fishing at Lake Cumberland.
@dng_tees I got &quot;I'm on a roll!&quot; which I almost bought @ Broadway on the Beach in S.C. but wasn't sure if I needed it. At 52% off I did! 
hahahahahahaha. rad drive.  Mt Gravatt tomorrow for a show 
@Pearl i love flapjacks!!! must eat there soon! 
Another beautiful day.  Heading back over to MMEA All State in a bit, visiting a school this afternoon in Cape Elizabeth. 
@myrtlebeachblog Wish I was in Myrtle Beach right now heading out to the sandy beach.   Just seems like a good day for it.
YaY  Apache Thrift build is done ! success ! I am going to treat my self 
@adamforslund We have Pelican cases for sale, if you're interested!  
Laughing at @tscott1502 's rendition of &quot;Riding Manta&quot; 
Storm from OCC (Orange Country Choppers) posting about his modded MS3 on the forums...Have a look!  http://is.gd/CmhV
@titi_215 Groups coming on the 25th &amp; 29th. All I know so far. Greet them at Fort Dix or play hostess at PHL airport. 
In Colorado! Looking for a starbucks. I think Grand Junction has one 
Heading our for a ride before the rains set in and felt theme music was in order   Yay for Queen! ? *http://blip.fm/~6tbgv
In love with Sunrise's song 6-0  It's so gay and overly cute and &quot;I'm gonna win this little game 6-0&quot; sounds sooo out of place. &lt;3 Popgasm
Victoria's Secret is adding Tech to their line....finally!!  smiles
In Kings Island with kat jo and peeps  Beautiful day!
Morning Y'all! I'ma walking...yes indeed. I'ma walkin...up that hill!  exercise time up Mt. Rubidoux! Hot Dog.
I'm going to Marble Falls with Morgie taday.  Wont be back till tomorrow night 
@eBeth I bow to Queen Nerdfertiti. you *are* always a step ahead. 
 RELENTLESS BBQ Sunday at Orchard Beach! WAR exclusive! no one else! hit a nigga up for details!
@RockinRita Go a little west to Rochester/Oakland Twp/Lake Orion - Paint Creek Trail 
@pitbooo Hermosa love! Plenty of hotties for us to look @ since we both have the same taste!  lol...none of that &quot;Opera&quot; shit!!!
One Tree Hill is finalllly up! It's loading for me right now 
@caseycalifornia Kate's Berry Farm, Scorcher's Pizza, Coles Bay, Salamanca Market, Tas Coffee Roasters, Dismal Swamp, Tahune Airwalk... 
@SanJoseWeddings It the legendary El Paseo (mod French) in Mill Valley.  Our practice is perfection.  Let us know if you'd like a table? 
@drewlister No legal age in Ark is 16.  @robmille I'm in the finding out process now. Looking promising.
Cleaning the boat out at Emerald Point. Call me if u wanna help. 
@debisavannah I'm still waiting for the sun, I'm in Pt Wentworth just outside the city... it should be coming soon, at least no more rain 
@The_Kimmes How could I forget  A party in VA Beach sounds sorts of amazing. I'm there.
Spending our holiday chillin at Lake Afton swimming, eating, and watching weird people 
Busy week at Blossom Valley.  all good 
Watching some good ol' One Tree Hill. 
@jezebel314 haha, ok. I have a hell morning too. A whole four hours locked in prison, Imean!! locked in the Olive Garden! I mean, at work 
@vodafoneNZ I'm going with the Cuba Street Bucket Fountain - and I marked it first! 
If anyone plans on going to Martha's Vineyard this Summer and needs a place to rent, please let me know. We have a house in Oak Bluffs 
@ClawGee my sister can watch Dawsons Creek endlessly ...she can prob quote an entire episode 
btw come drink it up @ Mellow Mushroom on Fleming Island at 7pm 
@libbyoliver thanks for the Loch Fyne tip off - not been before - have printed my voucher and will try to get to the edinburgh one soon 
@jfietzer since @jennicatron says u can hang out at Cross Point sometime, we will have to roadtrip to Nashville. 
@Hatz94 My daughter is going to Lagoon tomorrow.  Class trip for the seniors in Idaho Falls.  I hope she has more fun than you did! 
I think the computer is fixed. Cross fingers 
Listening to Kings of Leon  &quot;use somebody&quot; and &quot;Sex on Fire&quot; Thumbs up for me! 
@anaggh even Lincon said&quot;One who can't make a mistake can make nothing&quot; so its necessary that we make mistake 
working at Ashbridge's Bay for the weekend.. and for the rest of the summers weekends as well!! 
home, had japanese brothers in da mtg one was wearing an irish hat, im always happy to see them  will have lunch. Windy evening, love ;;)
F R E E that spells Free...Credit Report dot com Bay-Bee! 
@PRsarahevans well besides the fact that you're one smart cookie,  because you are a Delta Delta Delta just like me! 
Leaving tomorrow for 5-day cruise to Grand Cayman and Cozumel  so ready!!
Heading up to Phoenix with Wold tonight, Salt River Tubing tomorrow with my best friends. Life is legit 
@jenjo636 Southern Cross beds certainly are like sleeping on a cloud 
@Emerald20 hmmm I might have to swing by for this  happy birthday kristen!
Plant pot shop still in progress in Willawong. Plant nursery going ok today. variety of plants from wee ones to huge. Great value! 
@BleuMuze then, we'll have to make a new drink up, a Jupiter Sunrise 
Theres plenty of events on this weekend on the Gold Coast: Coffee Expo @ Marina Mirage, Wintersun @ Coolangatta &amp; Blues On Broadbeach. 
@studioyvr were you coming down Cypress or Seymour? I remember those days, speed is fun 
Thanks to @greatbrittania , I finally had a vegan shwarma from Mendocino Farms today. 
Going for a walk at the Dana Point Harbor...even though it's super foggy 
Wish i was still i'm Miami on Vacation...Naw...make that W.Palm beach 
@ABjornsen Yep, those are the ones  And, I love Greasewood Flats!
@_nathanswan Thanks Swan 
Wishing @stefsull and @garazi the best of luck for their keynote at the Spring &lt;br /&gt; Conference. Knock 'em dead, guys! 
big day today, J. has two concerts, one in the Tingley Museum and one at night at  the Bird's Eye ... both in Basel ... will be awesome 
@SuzanneReed Middle-aged woman, huh? Would you settle for beautiful young lady?  
Uniblue's new HQ, Orange Point, looks particularly stunning in the morning sun!! An oasis in the heart of Birkirkara 
@jemima_blue have a great day sweet Trace  thanx for stoping by ;) *big hugs* xxx
Cross fingers, light candles, do whatever you need to do to send the good luck my way today! 
LOL @ the guy at Darling Harbour today. And the poor kid who had to throw the things to him and missed almost every shot. Fun day 
1,2,3,4 - Plain white T's 
