Most common words for this cluster:
[('beach', 850), ('day', 83), ('today', 52), ('sun', 29), ('com', 24), ('http', 24), ('coast', 21), ('beaches', 19), ('haha', 16), ('amp', 15), ('island', 15), ('na', 15)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'beach', 0.9557526111602783), (u'beaches', 0.7747073769569397), (u'Vasden_displayed_kenaf_booms', 0.7502716183662415), (u'Diving_kayaking_trekking', 0.7185671925544739), (u'beachfront', 0.7080529928207397), (u'beachside', 0.6880519390106201), (u'sandy_beach', 0.6841593384742737), (u'Erin_Tamber_moved', 0.6646376848220825), (u'seashore', 0.6643321514129639), (u'Beach', 0.6477217078208923)]





They don't get hyphy on the east coast  ...even to E40
@KourtneyKardash I need get my beach bod back 
and i still want to go pleasure beach at blackpool 
The morning sun is beautiful... But it is fucking freezing! I need the beach so terribly bad. 
@meg2e63 hows the beach retreat?  I wanted to go but once again mi madre said no 
I wish I was sitting on a beach but its storming here!!  
Too cold for the beach 
@rusty519 I think the spouse is going to kill my beach day 
@Cynsational But unfortunately I'm going to the beach that day 
At a very cool movie theatre in sarasota. Last night at beach! 
@AndrewPour Don't know about that, i'm not a club person...And i'm pretty fried, beach got to me. 
@jeffreecuntstar i wiiiiish, love costa mesa, but stuck in palm beach!! 
@kaylacooksontv u went to the beach today?! I'm so jealous 
had a awesome time at the beach but is now suffering from the sun burns 
On my way back from the beach! 
making some food b4 we head to the beach 1 last time 
I'm going to the beach today.  i wanted to go downtown.
@victoriax3jonas I don't even have a beach..we have a dirty lake but no beaches here...bitches, yes, beaches, no 
@SarcasticFairy oh the beach i miss living near a beach,,,, emmmm no haha in fact i didnt get much dont at all over the hols!  did u x
uploading myrtle beach pictures, miss it 
Its such a beautiful day! I wanna go to the beach not work 
@vickicullen I wish I could go to the beach!!! But I have so much homework to do 
@mikeezy  i wnaa go to the beach!
@billimarie Yes, but do it at a beach that ALLOWS bonfires, it sucks when you get it all started and then someone shuts it down! 
@Suzyqbee10 actually im in a basement in the Midwest - about as far from the beach as i could be..... 
it was the perfect day to go the beach, but ended up not going 
Last full day.  going to the beach, massages, pool, and out to dinner.
Heading to bed.. So uncomfertable; feels like 1000 degrees of heat is coming out of my skin! Beach+no sunscreen= bad news 
I want to be at the beach today 
at the beach. its so windyyyy. babysitting in a bit. 
Is packing up to leave the beach 
I want to go to the beach 
just got back from anyer with friends, satisfied with the beach and banana boat but then my skin turns darker.. 
is wanting to be back at the beach 
good morning! ;) It's raining outside  and I have to work! I'd prefer  being on the beach!!
I wish itwas warm enough for the beach 
@GrahamColton i'm on the east coast. i feel uncool 
Simply glowing after spending the day with my wife . . . at the beach . . . in the sun . . . with not enough sunscreen. 
Simply glowing after spending the day with my wife . . . at the beach . . . in the sun . . . with not enough sunscreen.  #fb
@truefantastic the beach! With tony and julia! I tried calling you so you could talk to them, but no answer! 
@pcsketch Sounds like the perfect environment to B inspired by... I have the beach, but so many thieves &amp; beggars arnd, its not nice 
@DidierStevens 'Terrasjes' on the 'zeedijk' are her only option, but this WE, we are not at the beach. 
@ABZQuine I'm not at the beach! 
@vegalaceyfleur It's at my parents house 3 hrs away from here. No, I'm sitting in front of my apt., there's no beach anywhere near 
i want to go to the beach, but i need to go to the craft store and get wedding stuff instead 
@EstelleDarlings please bottle up some sunshine and sand for me and bring it to london  i need a beach in my life
@gabebondoc http://twitpic.com/4yi5a - WOW i want to go to the beach! but sadly, i have summer class 
i want that hurley jacket from city beach 
@cwalker53 lucky you!  I love the beach, love the ocean, too bad I live in the middle of the desert 
In huntington beach.i paid for parking. 
There goes my beach plans. 
I miss my beaches 
man the beach was so nice, but now its freezing 
Getting ready to go mimis...I really want to go to the beach tomorrow 
uploading beach pictures... I miss it 
@venusflesh I wish I could go to the beach 
no sunshine on the beach today.   so mama and are going on a brisk walk and then shopping for a new swimsuit. hopefully not too painful...
No beach today 
Leaving the beach 
@GianMC I haven't been to a beach in like 4 years 
Headed home from my brief beach vacation 
missed bay to breakers  but going to ocean beach!
Going to the beach later, in the meantime, I'm starving 
@MichiFM I was out cold when you called me this morninnnng  I hope the beach was amazing though!
@eyaglisten oye twin, i need the beach!  btw! how was the results? philip texted me already.
going to the beach today, but first......groceries 
misses the beach! I don't want classes to start yet. :s 
@tasyasampurno yupp with the whole 37 studs but no kuta beach 
Leaving for the beach in 5 days &amp; I'm still pale &amp; overweight.   I will be on the treadmill &amp; in the tanning bed if needed!
@rakelgerero coaching???? haha i knew you'd think it wasn't worth missing chilling in the beach for it. 
too much beach, too little of no homework not done. urg. 
I wish I could go to the beach today 
Today I went to the beach...the sun was good but my body is white 
@pascalgrob I'm not feeling well either but if I tell my dad that, I won't be allowed to the beach tomorrow 
It will be windy each afternoon on the coast this wknd- great for kite-flying on the beach- not so great for crabbing/fishing- choppy 
Wish I was going to the beach this wknd instead of what I'm doing. 
@nicksantino i am at the Beach but there is not a lot of sunshine 
i should be at the beach right now instead of working.... 
is debating the beach. feels kinda cool out. 
went to the beach and got sunburned really bad. 
@macNC40 I wish I lived by the beach  that's my new goal: to live by the beach before I die
is so pissed that she cant go to the beach todayyy  oh well....partay tonighttt!!!
Jealous Of all the seniors at the beach 
have not updated in foreverr. but i'm super bummed out to be back from the beach and i think everyone should know. 
Tired of the beach.  
@Saresa nfi  I hope they're not trying to vote me off the island again....
@myamakeupartist - aw I wouldve if you didn't live in long beach. 
@MahreenSonia the beach ??? early in the morning ??? i wanna come too 
going to bed and sleeping for real. no beach for me tomorrow, though, sadly 
@vincew @stefanyngo  i fell asleep on the beach and didn't put on enough sunscreen  lol
I had a dream about a pretty pretty beach and there was no beach when I woke up 
@cosmiclagoon Did you know that there is a shortage of shells for crabs to use on the beach due to beach combers? It is very sad 
went to the beach and it started raining 
I wanna go to the beach...but I have to study 
why does the beach have to be so far away from atl??    need beach, need beach.
@LinkedInBrian Unfortunately, I will be nowhere near the beach. I have fam in that area, too. 
@allureonfire I'm lookin @ the news and its not gonna b warm enough for the beach 
is in route 2 da' beach! No sun yet 
wishing i was on a beach right now!! 
to cold for the beach  sucky.
@FaeriedTreasure  i used to live by the ocean, i shoulda gone to the beach more often 
i wish i was at the beach already 
I keep receiving beautiful pics of the beach from @Charleymagne while I'm in my office working...getting bitter 
@miligosa how fun!! I like the beach, but I tend to get really dark fast. 
I wish I was laying in the sand listening to the waves crash against the shore!!! 
@FakerParis boo. i got rained out at the beach. 
nooooo its raining......had 2 leave the beach 
I'm bored. No internet. I haven't made it downtown or to the beach yet. 
jumped off the cliffs at the beach...water was frezzin!!!  lol
@jelrGREEN i know i love it, i wish i was at the beach  i'll be a pro surfer one day and you can come to my competitions.
It is so cold in this car  I am so ready for the beach
@deenahdeedoodah haha yep and no swimming  I'm gonnahave to hit la beaches whn I get back.
@marem  the beach would be so much better with you guys here! Its not as lovely by myself
After lunch I headed out to the beach - unfortunately it rained 
everyone's going to the beach but me.. 
Sitting on a beach with a blanket. No bottle this time 
recuperating. totally missed the beach today 
It's too cloudy for sunbathing. 
foot got sunburnt on the beach yesterday now its really painful ouch 
@smishpixie  Everyone's heading to the beach here too- makes going anywhere a real pain.
Revising in parents garden. Wish I could b at the beach instead  http://yfrog.com/17pjxj
@4boys4now I so wish it were warm enough for swimming - I wanted to go to the beach but it is too cold 
I wish I was at the beach right now 
Just got back from the beach, i am sunburnt lol! 
I had a crazy dream last night that I was on a beach and a big storm came through and a bunch of big whales got washed on shore.  
When will it stop raining?? No beach for me today 
Reluctantly cracking the books...but longing for the beach 
looking out the window... i think the beach is out of the question 
watching made lol no beach today 
last day at the beach! 
@guibooo I should be tweeting from the beach too but it's raining!!! 
I can't find a swim suit  fuckkkk, I'm going to the beach in my dress.
is leaving the beach 
@fishcraik No...  they gave no specifics lol. south beach is a large beach. and i live a ways away. sadness...
been working all day  Beach tomorrow to add to my sunburn aha!
the pollen is getting rediculous; it looks like it is snowing outside and i can't breath. i wish i lived at the beach instead 
So bright outside! I want my skim board, but I don't have time to go to the beach  going swimming tomorrow with my speedo, can't wait!
don't want to leave the beach 
@micheleboyd i so wish i could go, but I'm on the wrong coast 
wishing i was at the beach with abby and savannah 
Making $ . Wish I was at the beach!! 
i just missed the best beach day 
Leaving the beach! 
i want to go to the beach tomorrow 
need sleep ready 2 o 2 the beach but aint tierd 
could of had a beach day?..just sayin' 
looking at the pacific ocean. central coast california is flat, no waves 
@LDNfashion i would totally wear wedges on the beach if i could! but i have no money for new ones! and im not going on hols 
The beach was too cold today  but volleyball was fun
@charloro that's because your beach is attached to an ocean...and ours is...umm..not so much 
Last day of reading at the beach  http://twitpic.com/6asbe
I just came home from a nice walk by the beach. It was so cold and windy 
4 yrs after hurricane katrina and driving down the beach is still sad 
Wishing I didn't live so far away from all the beaches. 
would like to go to the beach but it is to cold and wet 
The worst part was at a beach (in the water) my foot started hurting. I look and it's bleeding. 
Leaveing the beach  braking into the funslide?
When will I be able to go to the beach? 
got home from the beach... i really miss cali beaches  theres nothing like it
It may actually be too hot to go to the beach! 
i hate being alone  nickies talking in her sleep again... i just want to be on some beach somewhere... not alone!
my mum just forced my to take all the beach stuff  gah. I got it down to a beach towel &amp; sunscreen though :') fail
i wish i was in a resort ryt now...a particular resort though... 
just got home from buildg sandcastles @ the beach. Apparently my older tan lines are still there. 
Wants to go to tthe beach 
@tommcfly your really making me want to go the beach now  it's gorgeous in the uk!
I want to be in the beach with the sun and the sea 
Pity there's no beach 
back from holssssssss   want to be on a beach in this nice warm weatherrrr!
Too burnt to go to the beach 
Leaving south beach. 
Doesn't look like beach weather outside 
why would you agree to go to the beach in the first place if you knew you were going to a sleepover with aubrey?  i really wanted u to go
@rodrigosantoro I'm jealous! I'm going to the beach today too...but no surfing 
@lorangil you should have asked me too  to the beach, I mean
@channon3, @jleigh82, and I possibly playing beach volleyball this evening. But I just checked the weather and it looks yucky for later. 
its too hot on the beach  imma go inside into the shade
was relaxing on the beach and goin to work slowly 
So I dont get to go parasailing  totally bummed.
is loving the florida beach still... and sunburned 
Ugh, bye beach! 
@ delkey...u forgot to say you're going to the beach W/ blovesu87!! 
couldnt go to the beach today, cause i havent got a bikini yet...  so im in the city and the backyard
@liamyoung it deffo is, i wanted 2 go to the beach but no - one wanted to 
@christheknight i started taking pics before the beach and then my battery died  i forgot to charge it,lol but the summer just begun,  ...
trapped working while emily, elizabeth and sophie skip off to the beach! 
angry at the clouds for ruining my beach day! 
damn no beach 
beach betch...so mad that my bike &amp; ipod are not w/ me 
In six days my owners will take me to the vets to stay there for seven days while they go to Beach 
Studying...   ....when I should be at the beach having fun
I should be sitting on the beach right now! 
wish i was at the beach 
@onelessobvious ...I quite like the sun shining in my room, when I lie on my bed i like to pretend I'm on a beach instead of revising 
can't wait to go to the beach tomorrow! can't wait to get out of here.. so far away..tho i probably won't be happy there either 
The beach was great...I get sad when other people are sad though 
Leaving the beach 
Three days left in long beach 
i want to go to the beach 
its sunny finally! soo stoked for beach season! but for noww i have to go to work. boo 
@lucecannon unfortunately we dont have a beach like you  
is on youtube and wanting to go to the beach 
i want to go back to the beach 
Ugh I don't want to leave the beach house 
@chrisjsanchez Me too!!  I want to go to the beach 
I guess if I don't hear from her soon I will just have to cancel the reservations for the hotel at the beach...  http://myloc.me/2e32
so @heyuwiththehair spent the weekend on the east coast getting tan on flight decks &amp; beaches &amp; i am jealous &amp; i miss her 
@Ameeee I crashed my car so I cant get to the beach   I just shopped instead
bak to the beach soon..weirdly im not ready to go 
@corgisrule good for them! i miss the dog beach. it's so far away. 
midgies at the beach  seriously like there were feckin trillions
last beach bonfire for a loooong time 
on wurzbach wishin i was still at the beach.  i want to move down there so bad.
after whole day on the beach my skin is red, really red 
@chantelmybell lol and i wasn't invited to the beach 
why did i offer to work today!? Should be goin to the beach with chub and my little princess 
back on d coast and missing my booboo @nednazri.... so much 
went to the beach today, and despite wearing sunscreen, has a red nose 
@chaz81 ooooo the beach, sound good, im 1.5hrs away from my nearest beach!   must take her soon!
I am a lobster...seriously, got sooooo burned today at the beach 
taking jess to the airport  I want to go to the beach uggggggghhhhhh
I wish we were still at the beach. 
The goal might be to become a professional beach bum...it's too nice out to be in an office 
@jkwon9385 Aww!! I miss the beach.. I don't even know when I'll be able to go this summer  Makes me sad
saying goodbye to the beach 
my dad just got back from the beach..poor him, he is sick as a dog with a sunstroke 
no beach trip for me now  i knew it wouldnt happen.
Just saw a dead sea turtle on the beach. It rained last night so the waves brought the body 
had to cancel the beach trip today.  it's supposed to be warm in cali when i plan to go to the beach!
going back to work after a week off in myrtle beach 
@StrawberryPants went to the beach without suncream 
@karleneluv luuckkyy! we dont have beaches here  lol
wishing illustrator would stop giving me the spinning beach ball 
@dangernene it's bad!!  I want to be at the beach again!
burnt from the beach 
Ugh, I got sun burned at the beach today 
i wish i was at the beach 
I think everyone is at the beach except for me 
went to the beach today and got my purse stolen 
@devinxrhodes that picture makes me miss the beach so much! 
I need my other half back. I miss her..she left me for the beach.. 
@Laapavi mamas I'm already in bed  I do miss you girls lots. Beach soon??!
Wants to be drinking beer at the beach 
i must study...but i'm tired, my headache don't goo!!  i want to go to the beach!!
@jbevershed  I was hoping for a trip to the beach!
is not a fan of his temporary mac, Beach ball of death 
rararar i wanna go to the pisa beach but i didn't bring a swimsuit 
@saraesse i've been to the park in my lunch break, but I wish i was on the beach with you 
@02 i lost mine last summer after goin on the rollercoasta on brighton's pier, it went in the sea! 
Confession time...I did not make it to the beach for yoga or journaling last night. It was kind of chilly and I was not feeling it 
@earthtoandrew no staying on the beach 
Wish I was still at the beach  
They made us throw away our beach balls  stupid security!
http://twitpic.com/6iax9 - she loved the boardwalk...too bad dogs aren't allowed on the beach 
san diego/irvine, why can't you be wimax-enabled? i want to work from the beach next week, not from my sister's dorm. 
@arychadox i miss the beach, dear.. 
@gabbypaulina I have a beach tournment 
went to the beach today and got a nasty sunburn 
hopes we're still going to the beach 
why is it the day i finally get to go to the beach and its all grey outside 
no beach today 
So not excited about being up this early, not being at the beach and having to go back to work. 
summer is finally over. didn't even go to the beach! 
I wish I was living by the beach that would be so much funnnn 
@tarushikha oops  i was just searching for it and realized i threw it away after trying to clean the beach with it :/
Its a rainy day on the beach.  spirits = down.
@YAYNipper @okaykellii have fun at the beach.. 
@_santi I so miss the beach 
It looks like there's about to be another huge thunderstorm again... I guess that walk on the beach with my dogs is not gonna happen... 
saying goodbye to the beach 
getting attacked by seagulls at the beach, not fun 
is unpacking my beach bag 
Last day at the beach. Boosauce!! 
It's so sad to be at the beach on a rainy day. 
last day at the beach 
The beach is not as much fun alone. 
http://twitpic.com/6ovol - BALiiiiii....!!! miss that beach 
and it's still daylight outside which is a change, can enjoy a beautiful sunset, but wishing i was far away on a beach somewhere. oh well 
@mickeyfinnegan haha! I wish!... this weather makes me lazy, I wanna go 2 the beach already 
Last night at the beach. 
i wish i was still at the beach 
might not go to the beach until sunday 
going to the beach was fun. tanning sucks, and tan lines suck even worse 
I miss the beach already 
Wishes I was on a beach, not sick in bed 
@plynke And I wish I lived closer to the coast...I miss the ocean 
@beach_bot writing a speech! 
They are still not letting anyone on the beach I'm watching it now from vals had to walk here in the flood 
it's so hot in here...thinks it would be nice to be at the beach right now. sigh 
Getting sick of the beach. 
is at the beach... and burnt to a crisp 
Ahhh why do sandy beaches always give me nightmares 
liked to go to the beach but we didn't 
Sleeping on the beach with the sound of crashing waves...and the train tracks 
@izzagillianne cool! have fun. hoping to go to the beach too... I miss swimming 
@Jessicaveronica and leave our sandy beaches behind   hehe
where is the sun?bang goes my trip to the beach 
http://twitpic.com/6qjm3 - i want to play this again! &amp;&amp; i miss chilling out at repulse bay + stanley beach 
Off to the beach!! wooo soaking up some Sicilian sun (and healing my bike wounds)    
So upset that it isn't hot enough for the beach ..that ruins my plans 4 the day 
I don't think I'll be able to go to the beach; the weather stinks 
where are you sunshine? All I wanna do is go to the beach and tan 
So much for the beach 
@Rianca too...i'm soo tired..i had been to the beach, my shoulders were burned  but i'm happy  what are u doing today?
@mitchelmusso sounds like so much fun!!!  Wish I was there...unfortunately I'm on the east coast 
was going to go to the beach with lukas and sarah this morning... i slept to late 
@ichigosoda I'm so jealous! You are by the ocean so you guys have awesome beaches! We only have lakes. 
rain go away!!!! i want to go to the beach 
nooooo rain  i wanted to go to the beach after workk.
Seriously considering going to the beach but it's so bleak! 
i hate you, weather. I have a whole weekend and it's way too cold for the beach. 
I want to go to the beach! 
@elized I don't have a beach!!   ..I just realized that right now.
I really want to go to the beach today, but it's raining 
At the beach for the weekend.  Why's it gotta be so windy? 
@Jentegrity I'm on the wrong coast for that! I wish I could 
There was a drowning at Kure Beach this afternoon.  Prayers to the families. 
We're alive!! It's too cold for the beach though 
@PushPlaySTEVE ahh i want to go to the beach but its lightening here  jealouss
i should be in long beach for loma prieta, but instead i'm stuck in bakersfield 
. @e_fink Beach pic. Wow, is that nice!  You lucky b....  We have beaches nearby, but not quite walking distance on shabbat 
wanting to back to the beach...missing california... 
I really do love it here. I had a blast at the beach even tho I was practically alone. It sucks that I don't have friends here. 
I can't I have something at the beach ugh  next weekenddd? Likeee saturday?
I bet joe 10 bucks that he couldnt catch one of the small fish swimming by the beach. One swipe later, I'm out 10 bucks  ninja hands
so sad about not being at the beach anymore 
at the beach.. missing my boo 
its 3-4 hours away from myrtle beach. i miss you so much! i want to be with you. right now 
@pauljsquire i had to dump my beers the woods by cport beach 
Wow 4:50 and the sun is already coming up. Wish I was on a beach somewhere so I could watch it. 
Just got back from a day alone at enoshima beach. It was so nice. But I got sunburn  lol
pfff the sun is gone, no bikini, no pool, no beach!  so upset!
Where's the sun? I want to go to the beach  
@ashleyymiller haha i wish. There isnt a propa beach  n its cold! Cme save me! X
wanted to go to the beach today  prom shopping instead
is back from the beach. 
Last day at my beach house 
daaaaaaaaamn its nice out! no beach for me  work @ 12.
I remember when I could roll out of bed and just walk 5 minutes to the beach... Now its going to take me forever 
heading out of va beach  bummer
what a night... i miss the beach 
Now i cant go to the beach cos of my stupid german project. 
wish i was on the beach laying out on this sunny day!  http://tinyurl.com/knzrzz
@lightmanx5 nooo I'm at the beach! Sorrry! 
  i wish i were at the beach
@ALESHABELL wish we were on the beach 
Going to the beach one more time b4 we leave rockport 
Last day at the beach 
So not excited to go to work. I wish I was going to the beach insteaddd. 
@joeymcintyre and how did book drive go in va beach? The rain didn't wash it away did it? 
I want to go to the beach 
Is leaving the beach 
@ the gym.... why not the beach?! 
not a beach day 
I want to color my hair black again then go to the beach to relax on the sand &amp; soke up the sun 
beach... 
Missing the beach! 
i wish i was at the beach! booo dairy queeeennn 
Its soooo beach weather now all I need is a beach buddy 
http://twitpic.com/6um6a - One last view of the beach  so sad to leave
feel asleep all day on the beach with my beach cover on. quite the interesting tan now 
i should be at the beach right now! 
aaaaaaghhhhh!! it's fam day &amp; i cant convince them to hit the beach 2day---- i wanna go 2 the beach!!!!! 
I hate me and my body  i want to wear a swim suit and go to the beach with josh. 
I'm on an island and I haven't even seen the ocean 
had 30 minutes left on the meter but got rained out at the beach  but my tan looks good 
I wish I was going to the beach this week 
Totally missing the beach  I hate packing! http://mypict.me/2Ywq
got sun burned at the beach 
Hanauma bay looks like it suffered Cozumel's reefs fate 
I really need to stop falling asleep at the beach 
made it back from the beach, a most relaxing time except i had to pour out my last beer b/c there's no alcohol allowed on the beach  .
not impressed at having to go home just when the beach weathers started 
Hates beaches, hates sitting on beaches and especially hates that sand stuff that you find on beaches 
i got invited to bambi's party! it's my birthday too! but i hate the beach. i really really hate the sand. 
still in bed, kids brought me blueberries for breakfast lol. what shall we do today??? i miss the beach 
beach is rained out  so going to the goolsbys for some fun inside!!
I wish I was still on the beach. 
@sanasaleem i have lost all the charms of being on the beach... the dirty beach we have here  
Off to the beach...i wish i knew what happened to @uncanny390 I think he might have died 
back from the beach 
Also went to the beach, cold and empty when we arrived 
Home from the beach.  
i miss the beach 
if its not the dogs in the morning waking me up its a random in the backyard cutting down a treee  ughh...Beach now !!!!!
waking up early on my day off to find out it's too chilly to go to the beach. 
last day at the beach 
driving back from myrtle beach 
To the beach! (would post an image, but @tweetie is having trouble uploading  ) #pcb
i wish i was sitting on the beach instead in my desk chair... 
I wish I could be on the beach right now sun bathing! Errrrrrrrr to bad arizona doesn't have a beach. 
The beach is so fun when theres no sun....NOT 
I need girls to come lay at the beach with me. 
@Hollywelch t4 on the beach has sold out 
aaahh i need to fix some dings on my board  beach wed? mos def  hit me upp!
Wishing I was at the beach  25more days
@stomponjackie I need the beach too 
going to the beach. last chance before i leave! hoho. who thinks waimea is crowded right now? 
why is it so colddd.  this isnt beach weather!
soooo nice outt wish i lived near a beach 
at the beach. i kinda feel like hannah is mad at me and that she might be ignoring me 
I burnt my shoulders at the beach 
Is a red lobster b/c she went on the breakwater yesterday and forgot the sunscreen. 
wondering now that I'm back from the beach, no one is here? 
@VivSmith it was my last resort 
listen to the beach boys.. !! i wish that every kiss was neverending !  
Pebble beach! I dont know how to golf sadly 
I wannna go to the beach 
The beach made me hellllllla darker 
@amckeziah Yay!! I haven't been to the beach in years. 
enjoyed the isle of wight festival so much! missing it already 
I'm off to the beach - for all the wrong reasons 
@Elizabethfay I think im heading to the beach in a minuet, i just packed myself a pick-nic, but it might be to windy 
@breezybrowneyes heyy pretty girl. :] how was the beach? which one did you go to btw? i miss youu!  we need to chat soon! love you.
@pixie_tinks @haleyham wish i could just go to the beach 
missing the beach and the parties 
is excited, beach partyy!but is also very ill. 
These are the times i wish i was as far away as possible, if only there was a beach near by.  xox
k no beach 
@xohanna i love the beach boys. and i don't think we've got that channel because we've got virgin.  gutted.
Morning twitterville. Leaving the beach today. 
is wishing I were on the highway heading to the beach...but, alas...back at the office 
another day in paradise - &amp; i mean that! my sister &amp; i are heading down to the beach to lay out. but the sting rays are out now, no ocean 
I wanna go to the beach.  9.2.08_cjr[rip]
last day at the beach 
@MegganAnn same here!! don't know where you are but east coast is miserable 
@kimberlyj98 ooj me too chic!! Pls take me with you!! I'm overdue for my beach vacay 
Sadly the beach was overcast and windier than Feurteventura  retreat to the pool!
is sitting in a caravan not as nice as the newquay one and there's no surf 
once again the rain ruined the beach for me 
missing the beach... 
Its too cold for the beach 
@savannahnatasha how do you not like the beach?!!!! i wish i was at the beach right now! 
Leaving the beach 
nooooo...all i can find online is the john frieda beach blonde conditioner! i wish they hadn't discontinued it. 
@karalinagirl but how could I enjoy the beach like that? 
is it ever going to be summer?! I want to go to the beach 
Oh i just want to be at the beach 
@charneezy ahahaha I miss you nae...  we should have a bonfire on the beach @sneak_peek shouldn't e
I already miss the beach 
Driving by the beach during summer is not fun...when you are on your way to work! 
@T4OnTheBeach i NEED mcfly to be at the beach, i will actually cry if the dont 
I want to go to the beach 
postponing beach trip  who's having a pool party?
I went to the beach and got a scalding  LOL
@JONASlOVExO I didn't get to watch it! I'm at the beach  I'm sad I wish I could have
megan dropped my ipod at the beach so now theres sand in my headphones and it sounds poopie 
@killen8 If it makes you feel any better a seagull pooped on my butt at the beach i won't lie it really was humiliating 
so much for the beach bars....poooooring rain 
...went to the beach today...but soraya cried the whole time we were there!   kenny and randy got swept under waves!  muahahaha
I want to go to the beach tomorrow. 
@spd06rcr I have no idea how I live without a beach.  are u lucky enough to have one?
@ameliamay why is the fake beach closed 
Sitting at the beach and yacht club parking lot, not wanting to walk in and make it real that I have to work 
Last day at the beach  http://twitpic.com/7m1id
no beach 2day 
 It's supposed to rain the day I'm supposed to go to the beach 
@LaYeNNy I'm too shy for a nude beach!! 
wooo it's a nice day out to go to the beach but i have no one to go with 
going to the beach for the last day in clearwater 
@HONEYMATTHEWS i know right...spent everyday on the beach and the pool and now i'm peeling..but i still miss it  hehehe thanks!
It looks rainy out  i hate it, i wanna go to the beach!! @berrrybear we should go to beaver island soon!!
@surf_and_turf lol. no i haven't. it sounds fun though 
...i was supposed to go to the beach today 
is going out with michelle. didn't get very tan at the beach 
@PrettyBrown1740 so i have a feeling the bad news is that you can't go to the beach!  yo if you don't go, im going to be mad. So figur ...
missing the beach 
I love tybee island! I don't want to go back to indiana 
On our balcony overlooking the beach...only 3 more nights of this! 
i look like a tomato. i will never learn the sunscreen lesson.  best beach day ever though! sleepy sleepy.
@grovesphoto on the other coast. 
@Hessaleene I want to go to the beach with you  this makes me sad...
Ughh the police are breaking up the bonfires on Ocean Beach 
watching private practice (theyre in venice beach) and reminising about my holiday there last year... missing it 
went to a bbq and then the beach. my brother says i reek of seaweed 
is really bad when you living at 100 meters from the beach and you can not go there because you have to study  so unfair 
wokring on holiday!  off to the beach now tho...
my skin is so hot from the beach yesterday 
Headed to the Beach for my last full day on the sun... 
I miss the beach 
Cruising to the beach in the back of a topless jeep. The women declined going topless as well.   http://yfrog.com/0u2nhj
going to work  at least it's rainy &amp; yucky and not a good beach day..
@kday_Slpa at the beach. He's being mean to me 
@ iLLYiLL it looks like beach weather is never coming back 
ya'll are making me want to go to the beach and I don't like sand 
I cant wait for the beach, but I HATE packing... 
Last day at the beach 
backk from the beach  missing ocnjj and hating the rain!
@lizabuff I don't think i can go to the beach either anymore  we can be sad together xxxx
@jessebarrera so you guys aren't coming to the east coast? 
I'm online briefly form the surf house. Having an awesome time but slashed my foot open  Surfing not so easy now  Sunbathing's easy tho!
@MeganTweetie yes megan but we do have umbrellas  we should use them! I fancy a beach day? Haha love It! x
in galveston working hard  but manana, the beach!
i want to go to the beach!!!! 
@fiercebanana  i want a bonfire on the beach   
...I miss the beach 
only one more full day at the beach. 
@tiataquito ahhh i miss hanging out with you too  we should all plan a day to go to the beach or somethangg.
Last night of walking on the beach 
I haven't made it to a beach yet though.... 
@GeoffreyMGolia bed by the beach?  I'm so jealous 
@parkavepirate no, i figured with all those east coast shows it'd be kind of ridic to do all that traveling.  i was psyched to see you!
@Musicboxman    just a weekend at the beach.
@chocvnillaswirl damn, so I'm a last resort? That's hurtful 
I lost my phone  so I'm on my moms, soooo bored at the beach.
@Laurlovexo how did i know that you would have a twitter? haha i wish i could go to the beach with you bitch 
Going home from the beach!  it was fun though! 18 is gonna be great!
@MsRx15 i wish you were going to the beach with me tomorrow 
watching laguna beach  haha i miss this show
Now at McDs for brekkie. Might be too hot to do the beach now 
@peterdtran I heard youre not going to the beach w/ us anymore!  have fun at h2o polo!
@catboyfunk it's heavy overproduced on the beach  i miss them live!
getting lighter out. now standing. miss our myrtle beach chairs 
NOW can not wait for T4 on the Beach  xxxxx and a bit up set about aisling 
Finishing up packing, getting maps together, and driving to the beach...in a thunderstorm...that is following me east. 
I wish I was there  I hate living on long island=/
Last day at the beach 
http://twitpic.com/7sop5 - Last day at the beach 
@ellielancaster I don't think u should go to the beach for a week 
some beach somewhere theres a big umbrella casting a shade over an empty chair...some beach some where 
Headed out for my last day on the beach 
last day in virginia beach 
leaving the beach 
Last day at the beach 
I wish i was at tha beach 
Enjoying our last day on the beach. 
leaving hermosa beach  now i have to go to work! ughh
leaving the beach tomorrow 
I'm at the beach with scott, marina, tim, and ant lin. there's no sun though 
@MariaLKanellis I'm very jealous,I live in the country miles away from a beach 
everybody's talkin' about surfing and the beach and i am trying not to cry that there is no beach trip in my future...argh! 
I should be at the beach playing and getting tan! Also I just saw a lizard dying and it made me really sad 
beach with @JessCuh &amp; xKirkx! we miss @xkeeblex 
@caitlinlavergne they are going to destin  I want to go to the beach so bad...but I'd rather $work$.
@JoyGooch I would if I could - it's a perfect beach day here too, but no beach 
Aww wave goodbye to the beach 
I want to go back to the beach 
@edgaile flying into ft walton tomorrow but no beach for me 
I wish I at the beach still 
leaving the beach in the morning  got to go pack up
and i can't go any next week,  cause i'll be at the beach.
@5toSucceed big island  where u going?
Finally home from a long day at the beach! I'm exhausted and burnt 
wishing there was more people I knew at the beach this weekend 
@cutieluvsclean i just came back from the beach...it was really crowded... 
Packing to leave the beach 
 topshop.. why must you be in the east coast?!
@Pinkydearr haha @sgrrsh26 yeah so we can go get cooler kites, and go to the beach...and fly them. i still want my camp rock kite 
went to the beach and got sunburned so im hurting right now 
@jOshweird just got back from the beach!!! I would of called you put my phone had no more battery 
Getting ready to leave the beautiful beach 
Last night at the beach 
i LOVE the beach, i wish i could stay here 
i want my virginia beach hoodie back but kristen collins has it and i never see her. 
My dress smells like the beach. I want to be there so bad 
I'm really going to miss the beach. 
So lazy so want to go to the beach so not feeling hot 
http://twitpic.com/7wbed - Lechai beach now...the rain is coming.. 
supposed to driving to sea island for annual henderson beach trip  sad day
it figures the only full weekend I'm down the beach it's pouring.. 
Leaving the beach today 
last day at the beach 
is leaving the beach 
Ugh I want my own island! 
At the beach and it's raining 
http://twitpic.com/7whkk - leaving the beach 
Sheading some tears on the beach. 
mother is leaving me for the beach. So i'm going to montgomery county until friday 
@SurfriderHQ  I live far  far away from the beach
victorias house still. fantasy island rained out so were not going 
doesn't fancy the beach in this weather 
taking a shower and getting ready for the day. i miss the beach 
@DebbieChoi do you have to wear those masks? Haha im at the beach and its raining 
i went to the beach; but the sea is very cold 
On way home from the beach.  I am always sad to leave the beach. I am a total beach bum and could live at the beach.I have a nice tan now
why is it when it's unny, it's windy too?  can't go to the beach now &lt;/3
@cyandle I totally am... cold &amp; rainy here  would much rather be on a beach.
headn back to b'ham--I hate leaving the beach 
@JosueT Seriously! I thought it was going to be longer and wider.. it wasn't  We want to make a bigger one and take it to the beach..
was at the beach yesterday the waves were great. But now am burned 
Wants to go to the beach 
wanted to go to the beach 
At the beach and its raining! 
sooooooo wish i was at the beach right now 
Hanging out in long beach. why is it raining. 
layin out by tha beach and getting stocked is not cool 
So much for my beach day 
man, i wanna go to the beach 
@ShawnKing at least you are home.  we were at the beach all week and not a single good day of beach weather.  
Completing our last day of camping at north myrtle beach-it has been a great vacation, sad to see it end 
i wanted to go to the beach too 
It's raining outside  what a summer! I want to go on a beach! http://laughandhealth.blogspot.com/
oh how i will miss having the option to go the beach whenever i so please.... 
@itsamerz i hear ya .. . . i miss the beach 
Biking to the beach and back is painfull  It hurts to sit
I defiantly do not want to be home right now i want to go back to the beach! 
This is what happens when I've got my headphones at the beach--they get messed up 
wishing i could driveeee     .. no ride to the beach
no wifi to be found here  but my attention has been drawn elsewhere: super sexy surfer guy on the beach right outside the window!! 
I miss walking the beach 
im in a wierd mood , and i feel like going to the beach but theres no close beach at my new house 
http://twitpic.com/7ywp6 - downtown va beach. that's as close as i got to the ocean.  no time to hit the beach.
went to the beach, way sunburned 
i want to go to the beach so bad 
I don't want to leave myrtle beach yet  and of course when I come home he leaves for the whole summer 
in grayton beach for the week... but i misses my tyler already 
WANTS to go to the beach! 
went to the beach, now im red and burnt 
Last night waking up with the beach right outside the window 
@singleparentdad i can't even grow grass for a lawn! was looking forward to the beach today, which is why we're hiding indoors 
I need to be on an island and enjoy the beach and the sun. I need a vacation 
@sophiemcflyx I have the bloody beach in my bed. there's sand everywhere!  haha x
Leaving 4 the beach 
Leaving the beach !  This afternoon will be so nice 
i want to find a friend who wants to go to the beach.. pfff  boooooring
beach tournament cancelled again  where is the sun?
I don't get to go to the beach 'cause my bathing suit doesn't fit.   stupid baby.
Leaving the beach! 
Wishing I was barefoot on the beach instead of waiting on the bus headed to work 
What a gorgeous day! I wish i was at the beach, but alas i am stuck here at tfm 
want to go back to the beach 
It's very very windy at the beach.  and cloudy.
leaving the beach today, 
now officially dreading the five hour drive to the beach without landi 
What a beautiful day! I wish I could go to the beach! 
No marineland today  but at the beach!!!
Wishing I was still at the beach 
just used up my first tube of sunblock. and I'm not even going to the beach   
awww what a day, to the gym and the beach, and now to work 
Wishing I was still at the beach 
@LilScrappy11 I'm so not secretly jealous of you being at the beach with cocktails... 
@SistaTreen So jealous I miss the beaches down there 
@tttdang the tides were sooo high on saturday!!! I want to go to the beach again 
Never made it to the beach  too much work today..
wish i could be at the beach 
missing chase and the beach 
Home from the beach 
is at the beach with a cold  there goes the vacation
blahah it rain outside   no beach toay
Omgzzzz!!! 25 right now!! Yay!! But I miss the beach... 
At the beach, but not so much sun and warmth this week so far. 
@kaitlynreining i've never been to a beach in toronto either!! i want to go with youuu 
extremely hot today..wishing I could be at the beach 
@katiefuchs I wish there was sun on long island 
No beach, baby would melt 
@TiaReneeG i wish i was at the beach drinking coffee 
been on the beach again today, the sun has dissapeared and the haar has come in 
i really want to go to the beach...... stupid physics! ruining my life  and my [potential] tan!
I guess im not cool enough to be invited to the beach 
@jamartinez07 well I'm notgoin to the beach  my dad had an appointment...
Almost had a chance to go to the beach...but all the rooms in the hotels were booked... 
Hanging out at the beach looks like its going to rain 
Finally home  ooofff with ugly weather. I want to be at the beach!
I'm at the beach. I am so bored 
@dwaynefighter sweetie have a fire on the beach! no electricity?  xx
island's song 
Last night at the beach. 
Wishing i was at the beach. 
should be at the beach right now 
going to the beach got some pier fishing. phones gonna die so yeah 
@laurensaysrawrr  One day we are going to go to the beach and the zoo!
I hope those girls stay safe at the beach. 
i need the beach i miss the beach 
urgg...i got sooo burnt at the beach today  it hurts so bad.
@nousssiee I want to go to the beach too! To bad I have to work tonight.. 
Supposed to go to the beach but then it was raining... 
@Cywolf you bastard. No sun, no beach. 
beach was amazing and boiling and the waves were huge and i wanna swim some more (but the burns not to good  !!)
Hey weatherman - what happened to sunny and 85 today? Beach trip isn't looking too promising 
@frozenblueeyes well, i had some fun! i wish i could wear that swimsuit again and lay on the beach right now 
I feel like poop. No beach today 
No beach 
@petrac I want to go to the beach. 
is in weekapaug with alex but no beach 
At the beach!! The waves suck 
last day at the beach 
Off to the beach for the last time  it better be damn relaxing . I need it, :/ pero, i don't want more sunburn..
@souleyedee the first weekend we might be able to go to the beach and ur leaving me  *sigh* I must be hardcore w/out u
Last day at the beautiful beach 
the beach yesturday was fun, besides my big sun burn in my back 
laying on the beach for the last time. 
superr boredd....wishin i was at the beach!! 
Preciso de praiaaaaaaa!!!!!! Can someone take me to the beach now? 
In my yard but i soooo wish i was at the beach right now  http://znl.me/O7WYH
Doing homework at the beach 
Last day at the beach 
had an amaaazing day.  Running, sushi, shower, beach, uno on the beach, fun. 
Going to minehead today for walk along the beach and fish and chips 
@StaciJShelton going to the beach weeeee 
is at the beach 
is another day at the beach or indoor water park, put put laterrr i think 
@JanelleMonae you should swing by the other coast, we're much nicer 
@thedomesticdiva Thanks! I could always use a sunny beach vacation! 
Is just back from the beach with the kids. . 
going to my steel pan performance at the beach 
 @ canaveral national  seashore
@RockLee815 don't rub it in, i love the beach and laying out 
Going down to the beach, nice and sunny 
just studied at the beach, about to get ready 
Going to run on the beach 
beautiful  beach dayy 
Chillen at waimea beach. 
On the beach 
beach - enough sunscreen = sunburn. ooops! haha. soccer partayy tonight 
Last night in torquay by the sea on the pier 
Going to the beach 
Listenin to the beach girl5 
a beautiful day to go to the beach 
beach days 
http://twitpic.com/3kr3f - relaxing with my toes in the sand...great day at the beach! 
my friend is dragging me to the beach at 3.30pm (when the sun is hottest) for a birthday and i'm not going 
Is looking forward to the beach 
just got back from the beach 
@mjbcn hey...greets from germany,enjoy the beach 
Laying on the beach and enjoying the sun! 
gettin ready to go to the beach yay 
thai beaches oh so soon 
@LaurenKConrad heyy hunn, you are gawjuz, &amp; love the hills &amp; laguna beach  how are you? xoxo
nice day at the beach todayyyyyyy 
i love days like this perfect beach weather! And to the beach we go! 
@eilidhlittle kerrang, for moshers. ayeee ballloch as usual, pier but.  polis can gtf! x
getting ready for the beach 
i feel like going to the beach today 
Crushlaxing at venice beach today 
loving the beach today!It's great down here!!! 
had a carnival at the beach... these girls in portugal have no shame... haha well probably last day here! good bye cold beach  haha
Getting ready for brunch and the beach 
...beach bummin' it 
http://twitpic.com/3lqx3 - driving the beach... cuz we can 
I love Long Beach 
getting ready to go to the beach 
im going to the beach 
I got invited to go to the beach! 
@brentblackaby This one, however, I will not be spending at the beach or worshipping the sun 
i ran a little more than 7 miles today @ huntington beach.. reason for doing that? the pier seemed a lot closer than it actually was.. 
I want to go to the beach it's so lovely outside 
Today's weather is absolutely perfect. It makes me wanna walk to the beach. 
@sazabelle21 You are sooo lucky being off, you should totally go to the beach, or a beer garden 
I'm in mississippi  the beaches are very beautiful!
@efreeman the porch at waihi beach is great for dinner 
@david_m_beach Thanks for follwing me 
watching season 3 of FRIENDS. TO at the beach, my kiss is coming up 
@getsharp I thought I could hear the surf when I passed your desk  
off to the beach, would love to get tanned 
@mandyyjirouxx yayy the beach girl5! haha u are very welcome! 
Is at the beach. 
I just bought an orange bikini! I'm so ready to hit the beach! 
@BeebeONE Off to the beach again hey, how's the back 
Going to the beach 
is off to the beach for a little while with his lovely girlfriend 
Headed to the beach for the day with my loVe. 
 someone go to the beach with me!
on the way to the beach... 
Going to the beach with some friends 
ahhh! The beach   http://twitpic.com/4eqkx
at sea grape beach.  bout to have a blast wiff besties. 
At the beach tanning 
@FranMagbual It would be hard to tempt him with Philippine beaches, since you already live in paradise! 
is going to the beach 
@missdebonair Next time, we'll take my car and it'll be a road trip. annnd I love youuu. Beach day soon 
Is finally in delaware! only two more hours til we get to the beach. 
@technotetris no were going to the beach 
is at the beach!!!! 
had a lovely day yesterrrday with boyf, then making actual sandcastles at a beach themed 18th 
beach today 
@tineroyal would be nice to see you again on this sunny island 
@marshallthreads http://twitpic.com/4h412 - the east coast will miss you. come back soon 
Tired, want to go to the beach, but want to go back to bed more. What to do? 
In palm beach for NSCRA!! 
@FernandoLoo yikes!! What happened?! . I got toasted at the beach and partied the night away @ the hard rock! 
Off to the beach 
at the beach with the Jesster 
loves walking at the beach... yay for living near the coast! 
going to the coral reef pool and beach, then going to gators to get my drink on!! 
I'm going on vacation in just 7 weeks. Going to hit the beach and look at houses for sale out there... yeah! 
ooooohhhhhh how i love the beach and the pretty boys! 
goin to the beach 
needs a buddy to go biking with @ the beach today 
At the beach, want to go swimming! 
The beach is actually fun. 
the rain is pouring and I've just came from the beach. 
@ashharper610.. take some meds! or just go the beach.. it'll get rid of anything 
going to the beach today 
home from the beach and only my feet are burned. i am proud of myself and the sunscreen. 
@coreyhaines well if you're ever headed back to the west coast, hit me up. I have a tiny place, but we can hack and hang out at the beach 
@babygirlparis Ten bucks says I know where your going and if it's where I think it is....let me know if my boulder is still on the beach. 
hanging out in myrtle beach as a married man 
@JohnRobberson I am definitely ready... actually ahead of you... I already have a sun tan and I was out at the beach yesterday. 
It smells like the beach from my job.. 
headed to the beach with puppy maverick hugs and much aloha 
took a nap at the beach... 
@meganwest no we had to go to malibu to find a beach! 
http://twitpic.com/4wgoq - The Beach was phenomenal 2day 
Enjoying the cool breeze at the beach. It helps me relax and unwind. 
Perhaps the answers to all my questions, lie in the deep waves of the ocean. Beach trip anyone!? 
finally gone to the beach, yeaaaah! 
@tieraa places to find you if you're not home- marilyn and seria beach 
Hey mates. I just came home from the beach.  I'm hella tired. It was a 4-hour ride. 
on t4 on the beach website, obsisivly checking the artists every 5 seconds LOL 
they are building an anthropologie at the promenade... pretty excited about that! 
@unleadedsupreme thank u ... hav fun at the beach 
looks like i have another vaca spot @seagrove beach 
All weekend in the beach!! 
@HJoLee follow me im in da beach too 
@sheila97 bamburi beach , travellers , ocean sports in watamu 
@SteveBrunton no  haha you have a nudist beach there? oh boy 
beach with my @JoshesGolashes allllllllll day 
just got back from the beach.. all burned up.. 
@BodyWisdomInc  The island is bopping along pretty well 
http://twitpic.com/55he9 - Beach is perfect.  yay!
@iheartnynuk joe's too.. I'll have to go follow him  did u hang at beach all day?
Today was awesome! Beach earlier and then swimming and hot tubbin it up with the fam fam 
just got home from a walk at the beach 
@jabop omg I was at ocean beach todaaay! 
Long beach rocks especailly the dubliner 
@arobd when I'll be in a island I'll do that. 
Wow long day at the beach, but it was fun 
Currently sitting on a doc surrounded by topless sunbathers...the sun is beaming,boats are sailing,birds are chirping,and I am smiling 
i just have a random feeling to go out and swim at a beach  ... guess why??
at the beach with some peeps! 
i love the beach! i love Chemaaas! 
@Angeldream05 And next thing I'll tell you is...I don't go to the beach often at all! *lol* But yes, it's beautiful, like your mountains 
prom was amazing. beach w as funn too  can't wait for high school to be over now! -smplyamazing-
Heading to the beach 
Is going to the beach today 
At the long beach pride with my baby!!!! 
Bout to go to the beach with doggie of mine 
On the beach 
@danregal I saw some good ones on Venice Beach last time I was there. 
It is soo HOT in miami! Iloveit! Beach with my bf 
loved the beach 
@carmtm hey cuzo take lots of pics of the beach  enjoy
@charnellpugsley buy that kid a beach. 
At the beach for the day 
so sleepy and worn..at the beach 
@MissNonSense all night beach parties, swimmin n untainted waters, lyin in a hammock on a beach sippin beverage of choice.  who wouldnt!
Private beach with my bestfriend. 
shes party all nighter from south carolinaaaa  back at the beach
In manhatten beach bout to be hittin the sand dunes 
had a blast last nite!!! ready for the beach 
taking my beach blanket down to false creek and reading up on my course... thank you for the sunshine 
Going to the beach. I want a henna 
cleaned house all day &amp; packed for the beach...now watchin' movies 
a day at the beach with the girls. oh how I've missed them! 
http://twitpic.com/5f0sz - dat's me at durhan's white beach resort 
@jodabone haha fine. We'll share the beach 
I'm sitting on my windowsill typing up an AVFTB quotebank. Loviiin it. It's nice a warm  @danettechan I wanna go to the beach after exams
walking on the beach 
@obockstal The beach boys can brighten anyone's mood 
@nayira I know!! I gotta be fair I am absolutely loving it here... still can't believe i'm only ten mins walk away from the beach 
@springtree ohhhhhhhhhhh that's right! how was the beach? tell me! I am green! I want a vacation 
is preparing to b a beach bum 
@beach_bot Not really? 
Still an insomniac, but now my dog has a gas problem =( thinking about driving to the coast for a nice beach day to myself 
SUNSHINE @ the seaside! urgently have to go for a walk 
off to the beach tomorrow!  
to the beach we go! hope it stays nice... 
http://twitpic.com/5ooai - Beach. Yay! 
wants summer picnics, tanning at the beach and drinking around the bon fire 
@akishaha akisss.. i miss you.. today i don't go swimming because i still at anyer beach 
Leaving for the beach with hunnie in a few hours  I'm very excited!
bank hol weekend almost here. fingers crossed for sunshine and going to the beach 
goiin 2 da beach 
On the wayy to Misquamicut with my girlss meeting up with the boys getting my tan onn 
beach!!! 
going 2 the beach! 
At the beach with @Shananigans93! 
This is what I love most about the summer... Beach everyyydayyyyyyy mannn 
is taking a break for a few -- cherry beach with amigo 
getting ready to go to the beach with my marine  yay!
At the beach with liz and ash! 
@shellartistree that's how they grow. they're by the beach too. i'd never seen anything like it before. it was wonderful to see them. 
I'm going to get into an accident driving by the beach. 
i don't want to sleep, i can't wait until graduation and the summer  staying up late and te beach under the sun = D that makes me happy
@TommyMBruce everyone should move to the beach with me 
is nice and tan from the weekend at the beach with the fam....so nice 
http://twitpic.com/65vam - It's 8:30 and the sun's still shining bright @ alki beach... 
@pagan_spell the beach sounds good  have a great one
beach tomorrow.. yahhh 
i think the best part of miami is the beach...so relaxing 
@celngoceh : pulau seceng, snorkling 
is now in east coast! 
going to the beach   
is going to the beach today 
