Most common words for this cluster:
[('bed', 197), ('time', 82), ('tomorrow', 34), ('night', 17), ('work', 16), ('am', 15), ('day', 14), ('school', 9), ('hours', 9), ('morning', 8), ('amp', 6), ('sleep', 5)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Bed', 0.9870540499687195), (u'Breakfast_Innkeepers', 0.6093700528144836), (u'Monkeys_Jumping', 0.5648919343948364), (u'Breakfast_Inns', 0.5410573482513428), (u'Cottage_Bed', 0.5362940430641174), (u'Serta_Perfect_Sleeper', 0.5303478240966797), (u'Inn_Bed', 0.5284801721572876), (u'Prakash_Agarwal', 0.5282799005508423), (u'bed', 0.5244553089141846), (u'Bedroom', 0.5236250758171082)]





@imperiusrex Brahbrah. Ugh. Bed in a hour. 
Bed is *painfully* tempting right now, but if I take a nap I'll probably wake up at 4pm 
Bed time. Work @ noon tomorrow. I miss Mary already 
My stomach hurts  Bed now.
Bed, finally. I haven't been sleeping at all 
Bed time is so necessary... not looking forward to the week beginning 
Bed...finally. Class at 10 
My umbrella broke  I am wondering if I can take it back to Bed Bath &amp; Beyond to get replaced
Bed rest and How I Met Your Mother...I don't want to go to school tomorrow 
Bed time, I know it's late 
Bed soon. need to study SO much tom. 
Many hours playing burnout paradise on xbox 360. Bed time now at 0400 hours  Stayed up too late by accident.
Bed time. Back to reality 
Bed. I'm exhausted and sick. 
Ahhh! Bed! But..its sooo cold 
Bed then work at 5am again 
Bed time for this girl. Long horrible week  I need a hug!
Bed, although sleeping is obviously impossible. Laying in bed trying to stop thinking about the last two days, hurt and confused - great. 
Bed time! Lol, I have to get up at 6:00  ugh. Night pplz.
Bed time!!! There were a lot of poorly babies in last night   but all ok now!!! half way throu my nights!!!!
@dontcountstars darn it! Wait isn't it 9am there? Bed!? 
Bed at 1:30, wake at 3:15, 5:15, 9:30 and one other time (7something?). Similar to night before. Damn this for my weekend off 
K, I have a headache  Bed time fo sho.
Bed time for me ... gonna get up and run ... gotta keep this body banging ... even tho it hasnt been banged in A LONG TIME 
Going to bed finally. Bed is lonely without Luke 
@Duckie_Brown I can't sleep!  Why your not sleeping?  Your Bed looks soooo comfortable I would be jumping on it right about now!
Bed now, up early 
1 load ea. in washer, in dryer, folded. Bed made. Dressed 2 shoes. Packed breakfast but not lunch  @ work @THEFLYLADY #flylady
Bed time for me, early work tomorrow 
Bed time...still don't feel good. 
Nailed 2/4 and I can see I'll get the rest without too many issues. Bed now, finish on the bus or over lunch. No unity 
Bed bed bed. 1 hour late  but an hour earlier then last nite! 6 hours of glorious sleep then 11+ hours of work tomorrow... Still very sick
Screw this seriously.. :\ Bed time.. 
Bed!!!!!... its time,..... hope i go to school tomorrow, all though i don't feel very well right now 
going to Bed. I has to work tomorrow.  shelby 
Bed, work 9-5 
@MrCeno so i had 2 do more of 'sleeping in installments' and awoke lasttime  between 10-11pm. Bed time now? Not really .... 
Bed time  http://twitpic.com/699tf
Bed time! Very tired and achey and ridiculously hot! 
Got work at 10 tomorrow  Bed now!
I am so sick. Bed already. 
Bed already. Stupid morning meeting. 
Ugh.....tomorrow is going to be a LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONG day. Courtside 8:30-4, CPI 5:30-Bed 
Bed early. Tomorrow i have to up way early 
Bed then lindseys with erika aaaa its gonna be a great week but gonna miss cody joe  cell phone still screwed its back to the window f ...
Bed time! -_- long tiring day. 
Morning all.  Slow start today. Bed making to do and housework. 
Can someone please change the dexter disc to disk 2? Bed is too comfy to move from 
Bed...it's so late 
Bed finally. 6am  lol
Too early for life. Bed again. 
Bed time urrggh work tomorrow 
Bed-ridden...again. Fuck 
Bed! Tummy aches aren't good. 
Bed now, i'm knackered and school tomorrow! 
Bed soon, then school in the morning, oh! And you just can't forget fucking guitar practice 
Bed time school till 330 then work from 5 till 1130 
Itinerary: Bed, get up, work, free! Hogie leaves tomorrow. Doesn't seem like it's been 10 days already.  *sniff*
Bed hair  http://tinyurl.com/nwee4l
@tilly_26 and was still freezing! Warm now thou... Bed is warm missing supernatural thou 
Bed time, hrmmm 4am ?? Lovely 
Bed time  cos it's school tomorrow maybe I will have another weird &amp; interesting day :S
EHHHHH Bed early tonight class at umd tmw 
SOUTHPARK michael jackson episode ... Bed , no phone 
Bed. TIFA meeting at 8am 
Bed making ominous cracking noise.  Might dis and reassemble after impro tonight. Damn you, ambiguous instructions!
Bed is so warm and cozy and bathroom is so cold and far away... Damn teeth that need brushing 
Another day of work. But I have coffee this time! Bed at 9 last night didn't help much. 
Bed and then up to take michael to the airport 
Bed at 4am I'm tired  but loving the late night phonecalls! Not phone sex @aerobic247
Bed time is now... Night everyone.. 8 am again 
pretty decent origin game, aside from the outcome and a few shocking ref decisions. Bed time, sleepy as 
@DaisyOfLove you're suffering from what I call SCBS.. Super Comfy Bed Syndrome  lol
Bed  up early tomorrow
Bed. SATs in the morning 
Bed, and work again tomorrow.  I wished my cd player worked so I could listen to music while I fall asleep.  
Bed time. work tomorrow  night
Bed without B. I don't like it  Its too cold and too quiet. I whinge about his snoring but I'll bet I can't sleep without it. *Sigh*
My Tonsillitis keep me stay in Bed for 3 days 
Flu in the summer. Gay in the face. Bed for me I think 
Bed time, I've been feeling REALLY fucking depressed lately.  -sigh 
Going to Crate &amp; Barrel if my ride ever gets here.  Looks like no time for Bed Bath &amp; Beyond 
Is watching @fox25news. Bed soon..work at 7AM  with @EmmmmV !!!
Going to Bed...My Tummy 
Bed finallly! wish the pain in my leg would go away 
Magic Hat #9 got me through it!  Bed, then a long day of working tomorrow  
Bed. Exhausted. Insomnia please don't hit me more than youalready have.  &lt;3
Lyin In Bed Bored Shitless 
One thing's for sure, it sucks. Bed time, tomorrow I start studying again 
Is Patrick I'm Bed? 
Soo tired  .Bed early tonight, then up for run 2moro and perhaps some playstation ;)
Working Early tommorow  Bed time soon
Bed time?.....gotta work early tomorrow.... 8am 
i guess its Gilmore girls and Bed. this reminds me so much of winter and Laying in bed w my Max 
@glittergiggles hates being so tired while at work  Coffffeeee.... Bed to myself tonight so hopefully get a good snooze.....! x
Bed is my lover... You don't know a mattress like this... Celibacy is my ally &amp; my bday is in 3 days. 
Bed time ! I miss my pillow all day .. Bad mondayy   http://myloc.me/3V2W
Bed might be a good idea for me right about now, I had have a full on nap this afternoon I was that tired 
Didn't get to talk to my girl  Gahh. Bed time.
Bed time with wet hair 
 sick and sad.  Bed. waking up. getting ready then HOPEFULLY going to see my older brother tomorrow in the fucking hospital !
Bed time.  they're mean on the girl's floor.
Bed. Last day at DCV tomorrow 
Bed...set my alarm for 5:30am to study some more 
is going to be. Printed directions. Finished off a movie. Bed is warm, but I want to snuggle  Boo.
New Bed from Ikea in the end but i had to pay a hooker extra to set it up before we sleep together on it. she lost a screw she will pay 
It's been an awful summer so far. Sinus infection that won't go away. Bed ridden since Saturday 
Bed time! Till 3am 
Bed....Have to wake up early for another day of Anatomy and Physiology classes 
Going To Bed ...My Ankle Hurts 
Bed soon. I've had low fever since Saturday.. 
Bed. With out my boyfriend.  we haven't slept together in soooooooo lonq
Bed early. have to be at the airport by 5am. our exchange student is going back to Switzerland!  BOOOO!!!!!
Bed time, I wants my Deanii 
Bed.Sleep.Dreams.Over.   [TheMacyStar is now visible]
Bed bed bed i hate this. I want out of this bed and out of this house  i can walk again
Bed time now, up early tomorrow 
Bed time I guess. Awful lonely out here, I feel so very far away from everything. 
Bed time! Because I haftaa work at 830 tomorrow morning.  well, goodnight all
Bed time. I wish Lucy hadn't chosen tonight to start coughing 
HGTV and Bed today... kinda sick 
Bed, finalllllly. Exam tomorrow 
Bed...wishing my Chad wasn't fishing 
Bed time...pray my little horse heals her wounds fast 
Bed @ 04:30 up at 0630 and on client site @ 08:30 after #bigchip11. Suggested breakfast &amp; 17 in the office said yeah   mindf**k
Bed at last. 30 hours (ish) since i was last here. Didnt even get a thanks from work for working so hard 
About to fall asleep at work due to only 2 Hours of sleep last night (In my new massive Bed!) 
Bed.. waking up early for our travels home.. back to reality  I miss u already MB, next year can't come fast enough! Haha
Bed time...cuddling with pillows 
Bed soon.....  i hope tomorow goes better
Bed at 1am....20 bloody kids awake as soon as daylight came at 4am or so 
Bed time. And I have a really bad headache 
Bed good nite Twitter not very happy today 
Bed time got to work tomorrow 
Shite day  Bed.
Bed Tiime. So sad 
Bed time, so don't want to go to summer school tomorrow 
Bed! Up in 3 hours 2work for like 12 hours on 3 hours of sleep!   Y do I do this??
Bed time! Jill gets here tomorrow 
Bed and Breakfast Owner and love the industry. Incredibly enriching meeting people from all over the world! Made some great new friends. 
Bed time! 
I'm home. :] It wasn't too bad. Bed is calling me. I have mini-eggs and red bull. 
Crashing. I love my Bed. 
(@wow_its_parris) ahaha let me high five your ass please  Going to Bed.
Bed now 
heyy twitter!  im  watching tv and layingin Bed ...lmaO follow me ; if you  wanna  talk    http://twitter.com/iBitenipples
Bed calleth me...gonna falleth in it     nite all!
Bed early. Night 
Yay Dustin! Bed time for us!  Nighty night!
I said an hour ago that I was headed to bed... it's too easy to get caught up &amp; ruin tomorrow with too little sleep. Bed NOW! 
Bed time! I had a good night  6 more days til Colorado!
laying in Bed, watching the sun come up 
Bed. Oops! ;) Church will come early. Such a fun night. 
Bed time with mikeyy. Fun day planned for tomorrow 
Bed time! 
Bed  Text if needed, night all x
10 years ago today Becca and I had arrived at our first Bed and Breakfast enroute to KC from our wedding. 
Bed time 
Bed now, gotta 2 hour stroll with hubby in the AM 
Bed time. Goodnight 
Bed time. I'm glad the Hubby is back to share it with me 
Bed def beat out gym this morning  .....still snuggling w Spike.
Is it possible to pass out he your laying down? Bed soon if i can sleep &lt;3 
@DMBwine yes - I'm having my usual battle with my bed. Bed is winning, so far  How are you chick?
@greggrunberg Or a wonderful talking alarm call from I-Phone or Bed side Alarm call! I can just imagine the wake up messages lol 
Woooo finished essay, report, group report and everything. References, proofing and printing in the morning  Bed now.
i'm off to Bed, night twitts 
Bed time! I hope tomorrow will be a good day  school things and stuff...
Bed has a new twitter her other one fucked up :S follow her !  twitter.com/__bexx
@MontanaOne @GoingFlying Bed time so soon? damn..okay night 
@TiffOdom I bought one at Bed Bath and Beyond with a stand for $32 b/c the box was torn!!  Deal of the century!  
Bed time 
@colinkelly I believe you, I really do...  2.40 am and I am still watching the voting. Bed soon methinks...
Bed time church in the am 
Bed time now... Senator's office in the morning! I'm so excited I can't fully process it- this is the start of something big 
Bed time. Already excited for the weekend. Text me 
Bed time.  day off tomorrow. Yayyy. 
Going To Bed! 
Bed time  night all
Bed time 
@ work.. coughing, congested, fighting a cold (Not H1N1) and ready to go back home to bed. Perks at Bed; Nope can't keep a sexy girl down 
Bed time 
Bed time! Not too horribly late this time. 
Blah, long day of finishing off school, wine tasting and party. Bed time! Also, I am excited to see the girls tomorrow!! 
@c_davies Bed time reading / bathroom reading... 
Bed ... yessss.  
Bed time see you later 
So excited to have my college friends come visit tomorrow...rather, later today. Bed time! 
Bed time 
Bed finally...home in the morning for birthday celebrations 
Bed time. Tomorrow will be a tough day for sure but I will pray extra hard so that it doesn't get to me too much 
Bed time is the best time ever. Plus I love my bed its the best bed in the world 
Bed time  hates being home alone at night and happy that I'm not anymore
Bed time. 
Bed time 4 me. Yes i know it early but i going to take the corn lady to work lol! sweet dreams everyone Now lights out! 
@metally9 You'll have to read up on what Azkatraz is doin. It'll be pretty much the same (adding in Wizarding World thingy) Bed time now. 
I think its Bed time. goodnight, i love you!!! 
