Most common words for this cluster:
[('been', 432), ('day', 84), ('hours', 37), ('work', 35), ('today', 32), ('hour', 25), ('am', 23), ('morning', 21), ('week', 21), ('days', 20), ('time', 20), ('night', 18)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Been', 0.9999260306358337), (u'Ever_Been', 0.5831093192100525), (u'Never_Been', 0.5611816048622131), (u'Gotten', 0.5580351948738098), (u'Has_Been', 0.5486300587654114), (u'Gettin', 0.5481245517730713), (u'Feels', 0.5374611020088196), (u'Got', 0.5356147885322571), (u'Was', 0.5355074405670166), (u'Should_Have_Been', 0.5318349599838257)]





Morning!! I'm baggered! Been the gym then off to work later 
Been sent to the naughty boys corner in work  http://twitpic.com/2y86s
I hate coming in early, throws me right out with lunch. Been hungry for the past two hours - 40 minutes still to go. 
Been at the computer so much today, my vision is blurred 
Been up since like 5am 
Been up 15min. already having a bad day 
I'm up! Been awake for hours...couldn't sleep...damn  xx
My heart won't let me sleep... Been up all night. 
@KATaylor007 I know, I know. Been having one of those weeks.  I will be better by then, I hope!
Been up nearly 24 hrs - can't sleep 
Urrrgh.  Been up since 3 with stomach pains and trouble.  I think I'll be calling in today.  
Been ill for a week now.....just cannot shift this cold, grr 
Been to the dentist 
Been sick for the past 4 days and counting... blah  
@tommcfly  you guys are literally a few mins drive away and i cant come to see you. Been to all your other wolves gigs  X
Finally got my internet back. Been offline since thursday, because of a broken cable. 
Been in work since 5am. Been up practically all night. The warm embrace of sleep is calling me, but alas, my eyes stay open 
@PinkBerryGirl gunna try it tomorrow @ work in front of pc. Been mobile most of day and night. W/out 3G, bold is slow as pearl 
Been procrastinating way too much this morning. Finally sitting down to some work. boring day to day. All report work. Nothing fun to do 
Been soooooooooo busy at work the past few weeks have had no time to tweet. Or do anything else remotely interesting 
Been at work for 2 hours and can't stay awake....so so sleepy! 
Been trying to look at iphone tutorial/guide but reading objective-c is giving me a headache 
@twinschick1  Ugh.  Been there.
Been thinking way too much. I think I am getting sick from it 
@petsaretalking @JanetRoper do you know any animal communicators in uk 4 workshops? Been let down again on mine &amp; yrs are wrong time zone 
Been postin' here lately, but I think I've lost some of my nastiness skills  http://www.wardroberejects.com/
Been up less than 15 min, and I'm already bored 
Been revising for religious studies for over an hour now 
I hate my tension headaches. They are so painful. Been up thru out the night and have to go to work tomorrow. 
Been up since 6:23.  my dryer is a half hour away, though so it's all good I guess.
Been up all night now @ work wishing I didn't go out last night...  25 more mins
Been bawling like a  big baby ever since the cop walked away... 
Been resting the whole weekend... this flu is tying me to the bed 
Not feeling too good right now. Been feeling a bit off all day. 
Been awake since 5.30am 
Disappointed by everyones apparent silence so far this morning   Been poorly for over a week so need some major cheering up please!!!!
can't sleep. Been up since 5 with only 2 hours of sleep 
Been working this morning   getting ready to go pick up bro from airport and then last minute shopping to finish packing
My arms are unbelievably tired! Been practicing drums with @pencilin for 2 hours now! Not as fit as I used to be  need some more exercise!
Been revising all afternoon 
Been sleeping all day...going back to sleep now 
Been in a meeting since 06:30 
Just starting to recover from mammoth migraine. Been in bed since early afternoon with blinds tightly closed 
@its102anu just came out.. Been there for 3 hours 
@Moonshayde Been editing pics from last night since about 10am. It's doing my head in  .
Been dreading today for 9 months....   Maybe takin a few days to myself for a road trip. Just need to get outta here for a bit.
Been sleeping all day, still feel like crap 
Been up for 17 hrs! Ever had those days where your tongue swells up for no reason &amp; it rubs ur tongue raw against ur molars for hours? 
@heidimontag  HOw come u guys never reply to me..  Been trying to call u up.. but am not able to :'(
how are we all today??  Been sad time, lots a sweet friend yesterday 
@DirtySecretz Been there, done that 
Eagerly awaiting the arrival of copies of my novel at my place. Been over a month so far 
cant sleep. Been thinking about a lot of things. And i feel frustrated. 
Been off all week on leave....back to work tomorrow 
Been up for 3 hours now.. both kids are sleeping, but very restless...I need sleep.. I need my hubby 
Seriously starting to believe I will never again get more than 3hrs sleep per sleep block. Been over a year now. Eurgh 
Been away from twitter for a while but starting again now! Lots to catch up on 
Been up the whole night  Finally drifting off but I gotta be up in 2 hours.
Today is my first day of the 25 miles in 5 days goal that I have set for myself. Been doing tons of yoga lately, and virtually NO cardio. 
Been at the hospital from 8.30am this morning and I just got home 
Been trying to get through to the doctor for last half hour, very irritating 
Been a bit quiet lately still recovering from missing out on yeezys 
@Wolfbyte Been too long since I used it to say, completely converted to ubuntu/mono/monodevelop these days. I can bet it's a conflict tho 
Been asleep since 7pm...just woke up...can't go back to sleep 
Been awake since 8am. So much for a lie in  got stomach ache too. Not good for a day off
Been up since stupid o'clock with toothache  had to roll out of bed far earlier than anticipated to go buy painkillers  xx
Been home for nearly an hour. I'm gonna miss Allphones 
Been on a bus for about 7 hours and still another 3 hours to go  man I'm so bored  :'(
Been up for bout half an hour,ready to take my walk but it's rainin out  guess i'll do some stuff @ home. What yall do on rainy days?
i really can't believe I'm still up :\ I need to get back on my normal sleep schedule!! Been laying here trying to close my eyes but nada 
Been a strange day as I did nothing much on the studio but did manage to get a start on tiding up my flat. up hill struggle  nice when ...
Been up for an hour cause I couldn't fall back asleep and now I'm tired and have to get up for work... why can't I sleep an entire night? 
Been soooo busy these past two days I haven't had a moment to tweet. 
Been up since 5am with my poorly sick baby girl 
Been working lots of overtime this week. Only just realized I booked a half day tomorrow so this week will just break even 
cant sleep again! Been up for ages... 
Been 2 years and m still devistated that they knocked down my old primary school 
Been working on my freakin' computer trying to save stuff on a harddrive and it seems I failed miserably. 
Been a beautiful day today i love the sunshine, missing my man though he is away all weekend  xxxx
Been working so hard - its a drag not having time to tweet.!  
Has a headache. Been writing all day atthe steps to just one thing i do. 43 pages later, i think it is done. 25 more processes to go 
He was sad 2day coz his rabbit friend was at the vet, he must of Been worried  http://sml.vg/3NEk6H
Been busy @ work all day...who am I kidding, it hasnt been busy 
Is there neat way to indicate ironyjoking? Been said my 'I'm out of here' might upset US cousins cause indicates disgust about the place. 
Been at work for 45 mins now and it seems like it's been hours  fml
Home now. Been down in the dumps. I missed my friends. I missed being the little girl of the guy group. 
@andyroddick can you like tell those TV crew to show your games live?! Been having to follow it on the net. 
Been awaye since 7, wish I had the ability to sleep in on my days off 
@KnittingDaisies Ugh same here  Been putting it off all day.
Been working since 9 
Been out all day at grandparents 60th anniversary thing. was quite nice but got back too late to go to friend's birthday tonight! 
@cookiemonster82 ugh me too! Been going on for a few days now  good luck!
Been driftin n swervin all day   Driving lesson #14 tomorrow
@jimlee00 can I pay you to make a drawing for my 3 yr old daughter? Been trying to win on her but no luck 
Been walking around seattle for over 8 hours! So much to see, so little time 
Been on the phone with verizon for an hour and a half now 
Been driveing in da car all day now in roseburg Or I wanna trow up  I hate car rides
Been sowing seeds all week &amp; was hoping to bring at least one person tonight but they were sucked in by the uni exam vortex  nxt week!!!
Been a bit wobbly for a few weeks but I have to face it: I am properly ill today &amp; I hate it 
Been sunny all weekend. But grounded. 
Been at work since 6.30am 
@mummytime when you're done with her, send the lazy little minx around here. Been washing/sorting/folding all weekend and still not done 
Been bitten by somthing 
is wonderin what type of suprises her dog left her n the house. Been out of town for a day and he's been roamin the house 
Been kiting in portchester. It's very hot and I'm so very very unfit 
Eeep carl breeze involved in a serious accident! Been strechered away 
Been to coventry today - rubbish for proper clothes shopping  now having a nice cuppa and reading a book
Been to coventry today - rubbish for proper clothes shopping  now having a nice cuppa and reading a book: Been.. http://tinyurl.com/lcop5t
I hope you are all enjoying the sun.  Been working here since 9.... 
Been in and around library for 6 hours... And still no where near done enough 
Been a complete wreck lately - no idea what I'll do when you leave us for a new home in the sky 
Been up for a long time but been working on stuff for the house we want to sell.  
Been off coffee for 4 days - extremely tired 
Been sick for the past week &amp; it just keeps getting worse. 
@GoonAffiliated Woooow baby!!! It was as if that question was meant just for me. That must b a sign. Been feelin down all day!  
Been out in the sun for hours and u don't think I've even got a hint of a tan 
Ugh. Been having tummy aches all day. 
@sweetsofgeorgia moi! Been out on the tennis court two days solid under the sun. Now I gotta go to work too boo!! 
@SalemPsalms  Waddup man? I'm just getting situated 2day. Been listening 2 new music from new artists. Sadly most of it is kinda wack. 
Holy fuckin shit. The people working at baby's r us are insanely retarded. Been in line, at the register for 20 minutes 
Been sleepin all day... 
Been wearing my super bassy v-modas and now music on everything else just sounds boring 
Is sorry for ignoring and not getting back to people. Hes Been busy with designs and organizing music for two nights this coming weekend. 
Missed our flight  Been waiting since 4pm. I'm never guessing my flight time again!!
@coffee_books That's alright. I'm not feeling the greatest today anyway. Been dying with an uber cold. 
Been up icing my face off and on since 4:30 this morning. I feel so swollen and just want to go back to bed 
Been working since 8:30  um.....suppose to be on vacation!!
@seanbonner I understand. Been a few years for me... &amp; I'm having pain &amp; I know it's not going to get better on it's one but I DONWANAGO! 
Been a boring day so far... 
Been trying to upload these pics for an hour. #twitterfail. 
Been riding harleys all day through the hills and valleys... So awesome. I miss my harley...  but at least I'm getting to ride today
Looking forward to getting outta work and going for a nice relaxing jog.  Been a beautiful day that I've wasted inside 
Missing the person I love.... Been gone for more than 2 weeks!!! 
Been a stupid day!! depressing day! 
Been up with em bein sick since 1am with me not going to bed till 11.45pm too  so beyond tired right now!
Done working... Been done... But cant go home 
Been having weird headaches lately....I don't want to go to the doctor 
Been trying to muster up enough energy to go down for a jog for the last 45 mins. it's not working. instead it's made me hungry. 
@aeknows that makes sense, at least you have a job. Been unemployed for about a year 
@JamesMW78 I am good. Been in work for an hour already.  your lazing in the sun idea is far better though!!!
Been bidding on auction for last 2 hours and still lost it 
Been working solid since early last evening... I hate networks 
Been busy so no time to tweet 
Been searching for an MmMBOP rmx... So far nothing 
@theloveablegeek no chance to read the book! Been moved to head office so now have connection 
@twodogszk I haven't been in a while.  Been dealing with the office coffee, which is a challenge I must push through. #grosscoffee
Been home today sick so spent the whole day hunting for iphone 4g news with real photos so far nothing 
@Mitch409  I've Been taking it. 
#goodsex is with another person LOL. Been single for 5 years 
@hanaames I want sex  Been way too long.
Been so tired all damn day. I think it was dinner last night that did me in. 
cat swallowed a needle  Been at the vet.
Been up since 5 revising chemistry, boy do I hate it!  totally failing today lol
@tinykiwibabe hang in there hon! Been there, and it sucks 
Been up revising since 7 - had a scary dream about me failing and becoming a bin man 
Praying for health to be restored. Been sick and in soo much pain 
Been sad all day because of the weather 
Been doing driving revision  blahhhh
haven't been on twitter in a min. Been busy with things 
Been to doctor's  had blood taken lolz
@shannyrpi NEVER! Been doing it all day. Been alone 
Been told off at work for trying to get people to do their own dirty work 
@musosdan @daisiesinludlow @leunix Been staring at lots of code all day that has been through a white space stripper thing, its code soup 
@mossyrants  Hope it goes ok. Been there, on various occasions over the years. 
@bertiedav I have NO idea  Been so ridiculously sheltered in the past few weeks that I haven't even thought about it.
I'm back! Been busy tired 
@Stormb441 oh yes!! Been looking forward to this wkend, shame it's raining a bit   am very well Thanks x
When will these transects end? Been here since 5am and doesn't look like I will get out before happy hour 
I really need to lay off the smoking. Been coughing for hours now 
Been sicky in bed all day 
@lmhiatt when is the release of #chrome for mac coming? Been waiting for ages 
@wxbrad of course they intercept tonight. Been watching for 4 weeks,nothing, now I am working. 
@CharlieGilkey I'm SO sorry to hear about your cat. Been there, done that, and it basically sucks.  
@TheHeatherette Been ok except my car is still in the shop for another week 
Been in bed since the morning. I can't be bothered getting up 
Been in this new job for 7 weeks. All good, really good actually, but got so much work to do this weekend... and it's my birthday 
Morning all, thunder &amp; lightning this morning, scared the hell out of the cat. Been all rainy since.  I also have a cold or something :@
Been awake for 24 hours, but I can't fall asleeep 
Been teaching when all I want to do is sleep  hopefully this full veggie breakfast will help ;)
Been at majorettes all day  it was freezing and my skirt kept blowing up 
Been throwing up and the other since 3am....not how I wanted to start off the weekend 
Been skating, no injuries. Has been raining all day. 
Been up since 7:30.  i feel so awful right now
I need somthing fun to do tonight.. Been bored all day  x
Been up for 3 hrs but only now getting day started. I hate days that get off this slowly. 
Infamous got me on the point wre I want to break my controller.... Been searching 6 hours for 1 freaking blast chard  I'm very very angry
@gillybeanx you mean down to you...? Been simming today, i wish it worked on my computer. 
My internet is f*ckd! Been trying to fix it for hours 
Been doing some work on my house today, then cleaned  Now chillin on the sofa with a beer
@geraldplaysbass Not on my diet but fried plantains are the bomb. Been missing you guys the last few weeks. Have another appt. this wed. 
Being a quitter is easy. Unless you're talking about smoking. Been more than 3 months &amp; I still want to smoke sometimes.  Does it end?
Been building a house all day. installing insulation and now have glass particles all over me 
@mrstu69 yikes!! Been there done that with the tent  at least the first half was glorious.  X
@CHRISDJMOYLES hey chris u want a spare ticket to stereophonics gig on weds in wolves? Been let down last min + I have no one to go with 
Been at work since 12  one more hour to go. I wanna be in Tagyei's cozy bed.
Been pretty lazy all day, just woke up from a nap and didn't make it to the gym.. I wasted the day. 
Been waiting for the weekend with eager, summery anticipation and now its a rainy washout 
@sneakysnakelady.. I had a beer the other day..  Just one but I slipped..  Been clean since .. sucks.
My feet hurts already. Been walking 4 hrs non stop 
Been listening to &quot;jangan diucap selamat tinggal&quot; from shades practically since ystrdy night. So touching la the song 
@owieh For the time being yes!  Been spendin too much right after my crazy ass exams. So I should just stay at home LOL.
Been facing the com for the past 4 hours! I hate packing parcels! 
I could really go for some nice golden brown steak fries right now. Been craving them for the past few hours. 
Wow, this sux. I cant even sleep on my day off. Been up since 4 
Been working for nearly the whole long weekend...one day off and I think I'll spend it cleaning.  Wayyy too domesticated these days 
is tired  Been a long day!
gosh I miss twitter when I am without internet. Been away for a little bit, but the wind blew me back! talk about gales. 
Been quite a boring day..... But i dont want monday to come 
@sfannah Indeedio ;) Been doing any geography? I am scared about it 
@BryonyRocks inooo i so cant afford it but need some. Been lookin on the internet but you have to buy in bulk so its well expensive 
Been in the salon all day! 
I broke a child today!!   Been holding in the tears but its all gonna out sometime soon now that the party is over!!
Been tired all evening but I've been in bed now for an hour and can't sleep. Not even galatica is helping 
Been playing one of @saronti 's games and now my wrist aches 
Been thinking things way too much... 
Been up since 4am 
@SarahMag80 very tired! Been up since 5 
Been on holiday - just back to work today 
Been sleeping in airport overnight because there were big fires close to tent and we bailed out of campsite .7 more hrs to go till flight 
Been up since seven thirty to bathe before the plumber arrived. He's still not here so I could have slept for longer 
Why are all estate agents complete wankers?  Been screwed over yet again for a house 
Been down the doctors, require treatment for monstrous blood pressure, looks like diet and exercise time 
Been up ages bored out ma box missing sexiest loads 
Been downloading and installing softwares since morning 
Been solid all morning, still pouring down 
Feeling lethargic  Been up for a total for 5 hours and 15 minutes.
Been playing with one of my courseworks from earlier in the year, 2 lines of code vastly improved it. =( Should of noticed before hand in 
Sitting in the doctor's office waiting for my kids to get physicals. Been waiting 2 hours. Not happy. One of many joys of parenthood. 
Been in bed all weekend with a migraine that still hasn't gone  Spent the nite sleeping in the bathroom last night it was that bad 
Been ill all day with flu type thing. Not good losing a whole day 
Been in such a funk lately.... 
@BethHarte  I feel you're pain, girl. Been there - done that - not fun!
Been raining here all morning 
Been lazy on the tweets lately...  
Been neglecting twitter 
Been wanting to dive into card-making today, but finding that all I'm having time for (so far) is chores &amp; other non-fun stuff. 
Been having computer problems. Some programs won't run so trying to de-bug the problem. 
Been in my bed sick all day long.  fixing to attempt to eat something for the first time today.
Been sick all day  just took some comtrex for night its starting to kick in..gnight ...I hate being sick 
Been listening to @sevinnyne6126 to feel better  It works, but I need to be stronger.
What's with the freaky weather lately. Been awake most of the night because of yet another big electric storm *yawns* long day  need sleep
Been in bed for an hour and a half and I can not go to sleep! I have to wake up in 4 1/2 hours for work  #squarespace
Morning world! Been a week now and I still have lips full of cold sores 
Muscles hate me. Been cramping up badly when I do mundane things like toss my hair or put on my seatbelt. 
Been up all night being sick, bad times  I think the chicken at dinner was off...im dying.on route to london dungeons
@feelinglistless Thanks for that. Been waiting for that trailer for ages. Looks dreadful 
need a brk badly...  . Been working fr jst toooooo .. long widout ny brk now.
Taking a sicky.....Been to the dentist 
Finally,, a locker to place my books and notebooks!!! Been suffering with them  Yikes!
Been to dentist, check up and clean and now teeth are in pain. 
Been sent home  grabbing a sandwich then going back to bed
Been signing contracts all day. As of july 1st I do not own a flat anymore 
Been trying to clear out my left ear with peroxide for the last 3 hours. This shit is bananas. I hate not being able to hear 
I apologize for the delay in updates. Been having issues with me phone 
Home from work early and in bed. Been sick and dizzy all day. 
Absolutely boiling in blackpool today! Been making sweetie shakes for an hour! Just have to pack them now! Which is the longest part 
So haven't been on in awhile. Been purposely avoiding twitter. Anyways had ANOTHER dream i went back to hs! Are they ever going to stop? 
Pretty sure this sensor is a #fail. Been trying to calibrations for an hour. 
@crystalkcoates thanks me too. Been a week ok and off now  for both of us
@AliciaCaine no low fat diet ...@ least not purposefully! LOL what else do you know? Been battling this for 5+ years 
whew, finsihed packing up all my envelopes now I just need to tape them all shut!  Been a busy day of all work and no play 
Been working on my presentation.It's 4:55am now.Finally I can go to bed..will have to wake up in 5 hrs 
Been exhausted for days.  Was tired at 7 but didn't want to go to bed then and end up wide awake up at 3am. So now I'm wide awake at 11pm 
Been laying in bed sick dam headache wont go away  and i gotta be back at work tomorrow.
@iDavey I'm listening  to Seandra's show... and LOL-ing at some of these twitter responses. Been missing my baby tho 
Been avoiding coffee in the morning for years but my old body has given up and now requires a cup of joe just to function in the morning 
@lizlikesHPalot me too. Been trying for an hour. 
Been in bed all day and I still feel like crap.. I hate this 
Been chillin @ tha house tha past couple of days tryna keep occupied...bored really...and lonely 
Been put back until tomorrow #3.0 1 more sleep gutted 
Going to the doctor..Been coughing for 2 weeks strait..! 
Been contemplating re-piercing my belly button. The last one I had migrated out. It took a while, but had to remove it in the end.  
Been more than a week and still nothing's resolved 
@coollike I too am waiting for 3.0... Been trying since like 5 this morning  don't know anything about it being held back a day 0_o
Miserable day here Been bucketing since 11pm last night and still going   Maybe wellies and a walk would give us a break from Sporticus
Been on the road for almost 3 and a half hours already. I want to cry 
Morning..My hands ache  need to go the doctor. Been waking up with pain in my wrists and fingers for awhile now..maybe its from texting?!
Been a long day. Continued to pack up half the flat 4 storage while away overseas. The problem is that I get nothing of my own work done! 
@michelle_cc Been trying for years... hasn't worked yet   But I am NOT giving up!!!! lol
Been doing more packing and written 4 classes worth of reports. Sadly no time to update my blog 
Been sick with sore throat for almost a week.   It feels painful enough to be strep but apparently its not..  I hate missing work too
Been up since 7am...its hard 2 sleep win a 3rd of ur heart is missin 
Looks like I'm not bringing a cake to #geekup Leeds tonight. Been trying to find somewhere that'll sell me an inflatable cake with no joy 
Been awake for a few hours now, but this stupid allergy season is mortifying.  I can't breathe thru my nose, have a headache &amp; no energy 
Been here for almost an hour, still waiting 
@playwildgames no it's not good at all   Been through too many layoffs recently for my liking.  I can skip them now for a while *l*
@Jamesypoo it's taking the mick! Been about an hour already 
I'm ready to feel normal again. Been sick for days! 
Been to the gym, responded to emails, got food for tonight - can't put it off any longer...it's time to clean the house 
@ThingsMomsLike Been there. 
stupid pldt, I guess they're NOT really planning on fixing my internet connection  Been calling them almost daily already...
Been in bed all day. I have no energy 
Been up since early....should be sleepy but my eyes just won't close.  
@gravityofmotion: I wish it was them, 2. Been praying 4 a long time 4 that! 
Been up for a while, only got 5 hours sleep 
Trying to rest  Been working all night
@castorgirl am exhausted. Been suspended till church has a policy on hugs. Is pretty stupid really. 
Been up since 3am and now its raining outside. No work today. 
Been staying back in the office for the longest time I can ever remember! 
@nsperry I envy you. Been at work for 4 hours already 
Been at the doctor's with my aunt since 8ish. This sucks 
Been decorating my nans house all day im very tierd now  And iv still got take my mum asda tonight aswell bad times! |-o
@knitpurlgurl haven't had the chance to do it  Been busy with work...boo hoo!
Been staying up too late too long.... I think I might trade productiveness for sleep tonight  I hate sleep!
Been waiting half an hour for an R train... five useless W trains have passed me by... mocking me 
@gypsyjr So far, I've screwed up less artwork doing it that way rather than sketch, ink, erase then cry at the results. Been there. 
@denisejacobs good to meet you. Been so busy at work  there will more tweet twaffic though.
Stomach flu sucks..Been in bed all day 
Been up a half an hour &amp; now I'm bored... I need sleep 
Definitely not enough hours in a day. Been awake for 17 hrs, been in front of a computer for 15 of them 
@BoringBoo  not bad thanks. Been on holiday this week, pottering around the house, nearly finished now tho` 
@AnjaanRJ hey i was on air today and requested for some 3 english songs. Been waiting for it to be played &quot;on air&quot; all day! 
Been trying to get rid of all thoughts for a while. But they flood my mind when I try 
Been feeling extremely nauseous since 1am 
Been trying to find a way to crop pictures to make them small enough to fit this profile... it seems I no longer have that program 
Shoot me now! The copier stopped workin! Been sittin here waitin for sum1 to come fix it for the past 20mins! 
Been trying to upload pictures from my phone, but it won't seem to work.  http://mobog.com/p/wickett55/1e6si40
Not much on the car photography this week  Been SLOOOW
@elsiecake which is why I'm still sad  Been trying to go all week :'(
Been bored today just been waitin for 2morrow so I can go and meet my boyfriend missed him so much 
Been stood up by @JPcashcash !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Been unpacking for 2days now 
Been at work since one !  I want to go hommmmeee
going to bed now. Been another long week 
I'm melting! Been out of the house for all of ten minutes and the humidity is already messing with me 
Been up cycled since half 7 and cycled around cardonald! How sad 
Been waiting nearly an hour 
Been in school all week, no time to tweet!  
Been in bed most of the day with a migraine... 
Been working on reports for an hour and I'm already sick of them. About 31 hours worth of work still to go. 
@annaisdanielle  how are you? Been wanting to stop by at the station but I'm always stuck at home. haha!
Been doing revision!!!  sooo bored!!!
Oh man that stinks.... Not sure what us worse ink or chap stick. Been there on both 
Been  asleep for a couple of hours still feeling horrible today  hows yur day been ?
@ndru I wish I can kill it so easily. Been trying to, but unsuccessful. 
@d_whiteplume Been wonderin' where you'd disappeared to...sorry to hear of your tech troubles.  
@JuJuDollie aye she's ok. Been diagnosed with epilepsy though poor little thing 
Sighhh I need a shower and reboot my mind. Been dragged into another whinefest. 
Been forbidden to skate today because my belly is yucky. 
Been working since 9 and i still have not gone to lunch  stupid low staffed store.
Been up chatting with the fabulous @ginayates who rescued me at the airport. Now for some zzzz before last good-byes tomorrow 
looking forward to my man getting home tonight!! Been away two weeks 
at work. Been trying to make numbers balance this morning  they wont 
Been outside since 7am and hay fever has taken quite a turn for the worse  *sniff*
Been sick all day, if I've not got back to anyone today my apologies, was busy tossin' cookies 
Been in bed all day pretty much, watching movies... can't seem to face the world yet... I miss my baby. 
@ASinisterDuck oh the podcast? I'll be editing stuff tomorrow! Been mega busy with work recently 
@mizrada ps3? What's one of them?? Been too long since i went on it 
I don't feel good... Been in bed all day 
Been up for hours with @lollyisadick . She's puking all over the place  too much alcohol x
@PaulHirsch708 yeah, better. Been hiding in the dark all day with a pounding migraine 
I need hurry do my art, damn. Been spending way too much time on maths 
Been removing a set of shows from our program and the company from the website info as they went into administration yesterday 
@TahtiBlogger school is rubbish  cant wait for summer, it was well hot today i even sunbathed when i got home woo. Been up to much.... ?
Been slowly marinading in my own juices all day. Too hot on the ward.  ill be ready to be slung on the bbq shortly
Been locked out, so sad. 
@LukeD i feel your pain. Been mitigating the phlegm with sudafed but couldn't get any this morning and have been suffering 
Been car sick all day 
Been at the beach all day, my shoulders r burnt &amp; hurt 
Been in bed all day Sickies 
Been going round and round in Tigaraksa, can't seem to find the factory 
@def_leppard :  I'm so upset, I didn't get tickets this time around!    Been a fan for 23 years, and only saw you twice....  
@ProsperityMom @persiankiwi  Been down for a while.  not good. #IranElection
Long day people.  Been a few days since I've had a shoot   
@YungStet I'm doing ok. Been kinda stressed lately. 
I'm awake but I'm so tired. Been sleeping terribly all week 
At war with mosquitoes. Been bitten loads! 
@StephenRinaldo ta mate, I'll get down and gran one. Been waiting on one in the mail 
Been waiting for Rads to ring,   its now 10pm its time for shower and bed
@rosehwang Thanks hon, I miss you  Been soooo busy this week again. How are you???
Nealy done with this college year. Only a few more pieces to do. Hopefully finally get a bike this weekend. Been waiting too long now!! 
Been sent home from work.  sound to bad apparently. So going to do some house work and kick back!
Been to fill my car up,thought I would have to get a bank loan (and my car is small) husbands car next (his will be twice as much) 
Been up since 6:30 this morning...I really wish I could fall back asleep!!   
need to lose weight!!! Been eating so much lately,. 
Been a strange morning. I need some sustenance, a tin of soup is all I have though 
Been up since 3am &amp; I'm soooo sleepy 
@_alan_ can you let me know if you find the IT crowd theme tune? Been trying for ages but they're always rubbish versions! 
Been out for a really nice walk  lots of bugs though  but who cares about bugs cos the sun is out yippppeeeeee 
Up super early this morning. Been up a few hrs. now w/the hubby on his first day at the new internship 
Been cleaning the house all day. IT's finally presentable 
Been a long day of helping move stuff.... now day 2 of the golfing adventure.... playin with kyle today....! 
I actually need to leave my compound for food today. Literally finished the last item. Been too busy working to leave. 
@mburleson I'm sad I missed it, was asleep  Been looking for one at that price for a while!
@Rednyc1979 I knooooww... Been a crazy work week! Still recuperating but I'm still around 
@TabooLaRossi Been around the world and I-I-I, I can't find my baby. I don't know where, I don't know why, why he's gone away... thanks. 
Been living in a hotel for weeks   http://twitpic.com/3lkvl
Been to the shop and got a pot noodle for my supper 
#TFARP -cycle. Been a rather long solar cycle for everybody, I think. :p G'night Bots, Cons, and assorted others! 
Been kickin the footy with bro...then I whipped out my camera  I love photography!
Been spending the morning putting finishing touches on my new site 
Been up since 5:30 this morning, feeling sick, and I have to give a presentation in an hour, prayers are appreciated. 
@TeamEllen Been there done that, have fun. You guys are building amazing memories 
Been meaning to post this for weeks: http://www.omegle.com, most of you know what it is, for those that don't, check it out! 
@bob_sutor ouch!  Been there, lost the tie, had to fake the day. 
Been a year since i last made this guacamole recipe and it's still yummi   http://tinyurl.com/c3owgx
@clintonfitch Ah, I see. Thanks for clearing that up! Been wondering for a while 
Been up all night looking for birthday presents, wouldn't be as fun if i weren't doing it for myself 
iPhone gave me the 10% battery warning about 20 minutes ago and my bath water is getting cold, so hagn everyone.  Been fun 
Been discussing physics with @charlescolp for an hour, I forgot how much I loved doing that!! 
Just woke up to more sunshine it's sooo nice. Been sunbathing alot to top my tan up  done a little bit of shopping too. What to do today??
@AnandaLewis and the 21st century welcomes you  Been a fan for a minute, glad to see you on here
@amberette Haha, thanks  Been fortunate to have these two days to do exactly that. Your quiche sounds yummy!
Been working out everyday now 
Been shopping to meadowhall  bought lots of nice things but then hit the brick wall of shopping lol and couldnt be bothered anymore
I am not doing ANYTHING today. Been on the bath, wrote a song for my schmilerz and that is IT. Having a break *hmph* 
Been jugglin a bit today  looking forward to #jugglecon 2 tommorrow 
@all -  Been trying to figure this out all day.   ? http://blip.fm/~5j0o6
@demonchild6 @apdunne @sarahjpin And a good morning to you all too! Been up for 6 hours myself but who's counting eh? 
@ItsJustDi Been there done that with the laundry!  you know it sucks, but it is so nice to of them to do it...just say thanks. 
Drink #7 or 8 for me (at the club). Been drinking for the past 6 hours.  http://twitpic.com/4wn9q
@dcal44 Been meaning to email you for months. Your pre-reunion party must be coming up soon. Really wish I could be there. &gt;140 char soon 
Been cleaning my room for the past two hours, not done yet. I wish summer was a mixture of all the seasons. 
Been working through some very old pictures... almost done!! 
@iPenginBrijhe Been busy doing business development.  http://twitter.com/iPenginBrijhe/status/1787618483
@brendonsinclair Been looking at your ride photos. When's the next big adventure, and can I come along? 
Been at home for the past 2 days. So good. 
What a sunday...Been dusting off!!I can breath now...!! 
Been at the cricket, the company was awesome 
Been trying out a new yoga program. 
Been away from here for a while. Looking forward to the weekend and an impending arrival 
Been cracking up with the kid over silly stories and illustrations I did years ago...in a special book just for him.. 
Been up since 5.00am - Already feeling like it's time for bed 
@Rockchic65 Been at work for an hour and a half already! At least is last day before half term and beautifully sunny and warm! 
Been making more of these bangles this morning as I sold out!  http://bit.ly/dCmcS
@proclubboy way way awesome! Been doing a lot of storyboarding and research, which I love  But I am failing at regulating my coffee intake
@RichCurrie Been crazy busy!  How ru?
Been a long day and tired from running 
Been surfin at kingy spot X sooo fun doing some study then going to the gym 
