Most common words for this cluster:
[('been', 489), ('day', 77), ('today', 37), ('night', 30), ('time', 29), ('week', 29), ('days', 28), ('tomorrow', 24), ('work', 21), ('amp', 21), ('hours', 20), ('am', 20)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Been', 0.9394357800483704), (u'Kimzolciak', 0.6489141583442688), (u'Gotten', 0.6382946968078613), (u'Ever_Been', 0.637444794178009), (u'Pause.', 0.6364469528198242), (u'gerry_davies', 0.6355657577514648), (u'Divorce_Diaries', 0.6348273754119873), (u'Never_Looked', 0.6339449882507324), (u'LunchTimeWaster', 0.6301570534706116), (u'@_WonderwallMSN', 0.6286803483963013)]





Considering new business name, which means new logo and website. Finding it very difficult to pick a name though. Been 2 weeks  #fail
Is home! Been @ WCH since 8:30AM this morning. Been awake since 4. 2nd born in over night; she is not a happy camper  #WCH #tired
@Inga_Ros Get's worse if you live temporarily in the US and have European issued Visa card. Can't buy ANYTHING online then. Been there 
Ugh!  Been sick all week!  Somebody save me!!!  
Been doing eyedrops four times a day for almost a fortnight now.  I miss every single time and end up with a wet face.  Epic, epic fail. 
Cleaning the awful fish tank    Been craving some Lemon I-talian iCeeee
Been told I look like Phil Collins. Not for the first time 
Been Watching my 3 wonderful kids, since i got laid off, i hope they call me back 
Been a long day. Tomorrow is the last day of Spring Break and I need to get homework done 
Omg the sunshine! Such a shame to have spent so long in t'pub. Wiv bro now, getting nervy bout t'semi. Been nicely distracted 'til now! 
@jeremya Bummer...that's the worst for me. Been that way my whole life 
@sweet_exile *nods* I think we chatted about that in Northampton.  Been suffering?  
Been 4 a run. Little man back at school. House very quiet &amp; tidy. Bummer 
Been on road less than a mile from home and traffic out of Lee is shocking! I miss my bike today   http://twitpic.com/3pbpk
Been at work since 6 a.m.   I wanna be in bed... (w/ Donnie W. would be oh so nice)
@lineajones Huge hug back atcha, Linea! Been trynna work out how 2deal w Twitter better. Feels like I'm losing touch w my 'old' friends. 
Nice day for car wash. Been dirty for 3 weeks 
Been talking to friends about travelling and taking me back to my days of wanting to live in NYC and travel the world 
Been MIA-- Haven't been feeling well...  About to get some sleep. Night ?
@terri5me2000  Sorry didnt mean to make you cry   Been trying to get help for over 4 years now. Goverment and VSO's just toss us aside..
Wow, just called @Orcon a bit dissapointed! Been a customer for 9 years now. Maybe not for much longer 
Been a while..Leavin a tweet....movin soon...signed up for RuPauls DR seas. 2...cats are annoying..&amp; cuz is a heroin addict now..LOVELY! 
Its 2 AM, cnt sleep! Been a LONG...gonna make a even longer MoNdAy  don't wanna go 2 wrk but gotta get tht $$!!
So much for c/card p/ments-mostly up arm instead  Been riding. Splurge of appl. Been cooking, but place stinks now! Think I'm getting good
Fuuuck epic headache. Nurofens not even touching it!  Think I might get a checkup tomorrow... Been happening a bit lately! :S
Messy rainy day! I need some more dunkin donuts coffee to carry me through the rest of the day. Been in the office since 5am 
Been waiting for this ST movie 2 years. Been waiting for one like it for over 20. And now there is no showing in English anywhere?  
last day in Vancouver    Been great so far.
@davidleibrandt Thats Awesome...I Wish I Could Of Been There 
Post some of your favorite tunes from the 90s and I'll retweet. I need some inspiration right now. Been slacking on the music lately! 
@MaraBG I'm actually about to go back to bed. Been up since 1:00 am CST. Dtr texted me then. Having some probs in marr. bummer 
Been to Echuca today!! Played soccer yesterday and we lost 
Carnival Cruise exceeded expectations. The disembarking process is not-so-great. Been standing in a hall 2 hours waiting to get off. 
@MichelleFatale cheers to that.  Been trying to finish CACHE from Michael Haneke before bed for weeks now! Subtitles put me to sleep 
Been trying hairspray to get out permanent marker.  Kind of faded the marker but still there.  
Super tired! It's Been a LONG ass day on only 4 hours of sleep!! 
Been to Doctor, I have bruised my coccyx bone...and may have a fracture...and could take up to 6 months to heal properly 
@maryjanewatson Awwww!!!     Times like those are awfully tough to get through. (Been there, often.)  You are *still* a terrific person.
Okay, now it's bedtime. Been dozing for a while, so. Time to sleep. May be waiting two months for the iTouch, too.  'Tis sad. 'Night!
Epic food poisoning  no work for me today. Been up all night and feel completely rubbish 
Back is still killing me.  Been about a day since I stressed it, heh, ibuprofen is doing nothing. Mate drew this: http://rly.cc/qgpcP -
Ok. Been reading back to last night. @TaosJohn @thegoodhuman Go to www.taosnet.com to find maps where they have DSL, wireless and  dial-up
Making chicken stock from the remains of todays lunch. Been 'requested' for a gig in Manchester this evening, hope it's not on too late! 
at the office  At least spotify is running... Been listening to Guardian's 1000 tracks playlist. For those sans spotify, google it. V.good
Been fixie riding with Lizzie, she wants to go out again already, wish the weather was sunny all day though 
Been a bit of an Iffy day today  ? http://blip.fm/~6h33n
@RealHughJackman Hello anyway. Been missing your updates 
Been up for 54hrs! Go me! Class till 7pm.. I can do it!! Still no net at home 
Been staying up late recently, Not good! Missing my MA soo much &amp; can't rest my mind  Well, it's seepy time TwitterFam... Blessings 2 ALL!
Been staying up late recently, Not good! Missing my MA so much &amp; can't rest my mind  Well, it's seepy time TwitterFam... Blessings 2 ALL!
Been reading about forced abortions and infanticide in China for my course. Made me bawl 
Been ill at wknd. Had no change 4 bus so gave TravelWM 2 much (which they wont spend improving my bus ride!) &amp; forgot keys.Not a good Mon 
Better check my emails. Been slack last few days sorry if I haven't replied to anyone 
Been to opticians,referred to hospital tomorrow to check ever closing,painful,headache inducing eyes so won't be on air today  Catherine
Been CRYING   i need chocolate and ice-cream
i've been soooooo slack on my blog.   Been learning lots of new things, but now time to write about it! Soon, I hope!
@gadgetlab No, it's not Qweeter. It's qTweeter. Been using the trial. Nice little app. It hogs the memory tho 
Been popping allergy pills like candy, only to discover that I have a terrible cold. Ugh. 
@johnlaurie73 Guessing your body clock is feked then? Been there and its nae nice  Much planned this weekend?
Wide awake at 3:03. Been trying to go back to sleep for 55 minutes. 
@danieljackson whens the next Flop Ya Mac Out?  Been ages now
Just found out it's going to be another week, maybe even two before i get my bike  Been neglecting twitter of late. Birthday a week friday
Say it ain't so! Round Bar closed!    Been a  while since I been there. (Must be subscriber) http://bit.ly/ToaoI
I really can't get Frank Sinatra's song out of my head  Been playing n it for 2 days straight! http://bit.ly/ABPp7
Been soo busy lately!! how is everyone doing?? Sister grad party tomorrow.. its going to be a busy day getting this house in order for it 
@jenifaojennyjen  so sorry to hear that. Been there. Sucks. Hope all is OK.
@carocat I'm good, but really tired.  Been getting way too little sleep the past few nights.  Tonight's not looking any better either.  
Been watching movies with graham all day. Super sleepy. Don't wanna go to work/pack up my room tomorrow. Boo 
Hey little schoolgirl @Maximilus you're beyond help  Hey @3cb how you be? Been around myself but keeping it lo-key 
Been out of touch for a few days. Fam was visiting and then got sick 
Soul sick that my cat Fizzie is still MIA. Been 4 days now.... 
@Marielhemingway me too. Been a long week. Just trying to relax. Have trouble sleeping. 
@BUTTERFLYWHEEL Been busy w/son's HS grad and then down w/ a cold  Comin' back tho'!! Thanks!
Been wanting to watch a good zombie flick on NetFlix Instant Queue...but a las there are none so that makes me a sad panda 
@suttygal Been Tweeted By David club.  U rubbing it in since you're one of the founding members?  
@freepbx sounds good. Appreciate the suggestion. Been a week now and we're still offline  Time to ask for a refund...
Been rebuilding my Dev. machine after a disk crash last night 
@AngelIbarra @ZombieNicholas DUBLIN TOMORROW!! Cant wait.. hope ye are excited  Been over a year since last time 
#BSNL, Stupid net went down.. Been without email for a whole day 
Been sitting in garden with my mummy and also got a text from the boy who i thought had GOT THE HINT    obviously not.
Been job hunting for days. Media and non-media jobs. No lucky  Anyone know of anything???
Been sick all week and still not feeling so well, can't go to Lena's cook-out  Gunna spend some time with the fam!
@Fresh_and_Easy when will these stores in Sacramento open? Been waiting and nothing 
Why wont they make Slithereens http://bit.ly/pNVli OSX compatible  Been wondering that for years. Used to love that game.
Been sick all day this Shit sux 
Has a stomach Virus!  Been sick for a couple days. I just want it to go away!
@greentm sorry Tim.  Been through it with my grandfather.  Heartbreaking 
Been checking out this Google Wave, Looks awesome from that developer preview. Wish I had access 
Been watching The Game (the show) on youtube... man I'm goin to miss that show... I've loved it since it 1st started 
Still on set tired as fuck.. Been up since 5:30am  I need my woman and my bed..NOW!!!!
Been here 2 hours and already I want to go home  Going sooooo slow! Come on 7pm!!!!
Been asleep since 8 on and off now i'm wide awake and i HATE it!  
Been playing Oblivion most of the day today, now to get some sleep for work tomorrow 
Boreedz, Harrison Hasnt Been On Lately  aarrghhh
Been up since 5am, why dont I have the ability to sleep late anymore?! Rawr I hate it 
Good morning! Been off the grid for the past day or so because laptop charger broke and didn't have wall plug for iPhone 
@Sylvarwolf Hey dude. Been better.  the car failed it's mot!
@pam_16_gem &quot;Archie the Doctor&quot; aka ArchieDoc is not here to heal me.  Been sick on-&amp;-off for past month...sheeesh!
Been lazy and not updating as much as I should. Did have a nice long chat with #Galley87 last night. I miss him so much! 
Woke up once again to the usual strange dreams. Ryan was a short hispanic guy this time O_o Been MIA since yesterday hoping he's okay 
Taking off. Been sleepy the whole day! Sorry @iFel and @jamescantbeseen! Y!M's crappy. Again. 
@katyperry Same here. Been trying to do that also, but its not working 
Been sitting here for hours trying to revise. None of it's going in. 
Been left in the house alone with my brothers.  Lmao 
Been on holiday for a week, missed all the football!!!! Gutted newcastle went down!!!!!!!!!!! 
@Cyril_K_Lewis Hey heyyy! Man, I'm sick fool! I lost my voice  Been at home allll weekend! What you been doing?!
Sigh....... I feel like the only twitter user who can't get a profile photo to upload properly. Been a problem for weeks now 
Been trying to tweet for like the last hour, computer, network, and twitter website are acting CRAZY right now!!! Another crappy Game 6 
Been at a pool hall all day for A tournament.... Doing homework 
Been in the car for two and a half hours, probably missing Paramore. 
Tummy is feeling So uncomfortable.. I wonder why.. Been having stitch-like pains lately too..  goin home early to rest.. - http://tweet.sg
Been cable TV free for 2+ months and not missing it. But now with the French Open, I'm bummed. No way to watch online apparently 
Damn it! Been layin here for almost an hour! Can't sleep! This sucks. 
I fancy a spell on COD4. Been about 2-3 days since I went online. 
Been spending the day sleeping off Penang..Exec mode starts tomorrow,hopefully...with the BPL over,Im finding weekends harder to face.. 
@daijamae Hiya Hun!! Been great ta as been off on leave all week - not looking forward to going back to work tomorrow  How's you?
@xxBrandluverxx  hehe i do.. Been watchin it on utube for ages!!! Ponderland finished  oh well got s1 coming!
Looks like #officialbb have had my youtube account removed. Don't know why mine but they are leaving up other peoples  Been sharing the
Looks like @officialbb have had my youtube account removed. Don't know why mine but they are leaving up other peoples  Been sharing the
Damn. Been out for an hour and a half and no tan. 
@kristianinicole ill be back tom. Night!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Been gone for 5 years??? That's what it feels like 
Been out for dinner with the grandma, revised and going out with Chel and Abi in a bit. Don't want to do maths test tomorrow 
Been flying today. No harpoon jet as the wind was in the wrong direction  Good scream round with the F16 and the Kyosho illusion though...
@FlyyDrama My Bad...I Been Sick U Know 
Been doing Homework ready for school 2mozz 
Also..Major Warning..don't let your husband go into business with his brother!!  Been there!!  Living that!!!  
Dam! Been led on my arm and now can't move it much 
@mlexiehayden Yeah she's like mad heavy  Been a bad day.
Been on the phone since 9 in the morning .... my ear is sore and RED 
Goodnight, Twitterland. Been sitting in front of my laptop all day... I can't feel my back 
Been up with Zoe since 2:30 and it's now 5:00... why won't she sleep!!! AHHHHH! 
@sigriffin Using a new dell XPS M1330 with integrated webcam &amp; mike. Been using Morae for years and never had this problem before. 
Remind me never to fly into JFK again. Been off plane 20 min &amp; baggage carousel still isn't moving.  
@Smeegazzle Been poorly since Australia.  You back at work already?
Been up since four thirty  Elijah totally takes advantage of his cuteness to get what he wants. I am such a sucker for it.
@DavidGuison I like the wall thing ! Picturan na ! HAHAH! Outsiders are not allowed. Been there! They didn`t let us through. 
Fell asleep at 6am. Woke up at 8am. Been watching my dog all night, he's sick 
Home from first day at Atticus. Everyone very nice and I'm enjoying the work. Been on a Windows machine all day 
@olivia_harte Hah Lool, yehh. Trying to fix what i did before and realised when i blow dry it, it goes into a block Been revising loads  x
Been busy so haven't been twittering for a few days. I'm back now tho and COVERED in mozzi bites. Little blighters 
Been a long day , and tomorrow school beguns again  Lucky americans who has summervecation now! Well, night!
I'm scared that the Blink182 concert will sell out before I buy tickets   Been a fan for 10 years.  Never had the chance to see them live!
Been home from Disneyland a week but still unpacking. Far less fun than packing  Getting caught up in my world of weddings though.
Been listening to @Hot97 stream all day... My excitement is gone now, because it seem I've heard Drake - &quot;You The Best&quot; 9 times since 12p 
Been to the gym, walked Rugby, and now dinner time until late night conference call with Japan 
today has rocked i got to call my bff but her cell was turned off   And Ive Swam like twice today...
@bbgeekchic Aww I'm sorry hun  Mr. Right will come along when the time is right. I've had my fair share of dumb asses myself. Been there
Been one of those days where I feel like crying.  Haven't had one of those in over a month now. Guess it was my turn. :-|
Haven't tweeted much today. Been in a funky mood. May b the weather, been stormy &amp; rainy out. I tend to get in a slump when its like this 
A colleague from Thailand I've worked with many times and has been suffering from cancer passed away last night. Crying on train. 
It's 5:30 AM.  Been awake since 3:30.  There's something very wrong with this picture. 
Been having a really busy week that's kept me off twitter  if UR new follower &amp; I'm not following back, @ reply me.
Awoke this morning at 3:30 a.m. to the sound of our dog throwing up!    Been awake ever since.  She seems to be better now! 
@Jackl12 thnk u. Been together 15yrs and have a gaggle of kids so won't be easy by any means.  We're determined 2 b good tho Thx again.
Been lovely day here in Scarborough - as seen through an office window  - but clouded over now and cooled down just as I finish work 
Been kept updated by a friend all day, so sad to hear what has happened. Thinking of the victims relatives 
@jenscloset I've been selling on eBay for almost 9 years now, but I'm lookin' to get out. Been doing it full time for 4 years and ... ugh 
Been in bed for past three hours and I don't think ill be getting out til tomorrow. Final thurs..aaah  pretty sure I have a fever
@tollobote Really? Its pouring ova here too! Nah I don't  Time for you to share! LOL! Been knocked out with meds the past 4 days!
Ooo, hello Twitter. Been a few days. Ran the Edinburgh marathon on Sunday in 4.08.33 and it was HOT  Still nursing sunburn
@finefrancie oh poor him  6 weeks is a long time for a kid. Book is going well. Been focusing on the writing recently, v busy at the mo
Been working on getting and old site working on Railo 3.1. Getting there. Got SEF URL prob now tho. 
@SOUTHWESTDADDY what makes you think Clickbank is a scam? Been using them for years with no problem; site running slow thats all 
Been told by The Argus my last piece went in a bit too late (I was unwell ) so they won't publish even though they liked it. Gutted. 
@brendafinkle Yup! Me, too  Howya doing? Been disconnected from you lately 
Been in a bad mood all day, need 8hrs sleep ffs! Neva gona happen tho 
Been having a lot of pain/burning when I pee. Pretty sure I have a UTI. 
Eating sweet &amp; sour. Yum yum. Longggg day  Been crap to be honest.
Been a week/month/season from hell.  Counting the days until changes take place.  Sadly, the pug might have sprained his paw last night. 
Been awhile since I've tweeted.. Going to St.Louis to exchange my Iphone this weekend. 3rd one! Considering a switch to Blackberry. 
Been gone for a while.. Tomorrow is gonna be a great day.. No sunshine today    ugh I seriously need a vacation ..
Hmm can't upload a pic. Been trying 4 awhile now 
Damn AT&amp;T on my nerves. Been on phone for over an hour. They suck 
Been on crutches. In lots of pain  bad knees SUCK http://myloc.me/2Jfp
An early night wasn't such a good idea. Been awake since 3:15am listening to the World Service! Sad news about those  children in Mexico 
Been at work for an hour and 20 minutes, drunk 2 coffees and still feel tired  OH &amp; Facebook is driving moi mad!!!!
Been listening to #3Oh!3 alot lately. Registered for my fall classes yesterday. Now I just play the waiting game with financial aid. Joy 
Been sitting on the runway for a while now, I'm itching to get to San Fran 
watching the dockers lose  i hope they catch up. Been studdying ALL day    and        I think i'm addicted to juice?
Oh Saturday... I have so much unpacking to do  Been home almost a month and haven't really done much. FAIL.
@christinefarmer So so ... so far  Been organising my equipment as well as sketching, I have WAY too much stuff!!!
Been to Farmers Mkt, bought loads of stuff, tasted it all,to be honest none of it very exciting. 
Been to see my brothers new garage today- MAC motors in Hook. Very impressed, the DB9 isn't mine tho  http://twitpic.com/6qxgk
Been waiting for it to stop raining every other day on Cape Cod so I can go sailing for a few days -- going on week #3 now.  
Been so busy today. Caught between studying for exams and the sims 3!! So hard!!! 
Been playing my old LP faded all afternoon, Damn i miss that axe 
My legs are sooo sore! Been working from 10.30 till 5! Quite alot of work for a sixteen year old! 
Been kinda sad. Thinking of my very, very, very, very big dreams. Thinking it's impossible to happen 
Hello! Been in Dorset for day. My friend goes back to Toronto tomorrow 
Nice eve with the girls. Been thinking about the bombshell that got dropped on me all night. I hope I've done the right thing. Have I? 
Bedtime for sure. Been such a long 48 hours, on 4 hours sleep!  http://myloc.me/2QFi
Aaaahhhh man!!!! I was caller #8!!!!   4 these @bowwow614 tickets!!!! I really want to FINALLY meet him!! Been waitin til 2001!!! 
Been in bed all day trying to shake a cold. Bahhh I don't like being sick. Didn't get to the united concert either 
I cannot believe I haven't seen my babe all week. Been busy with work and helping my pops move  But tomorrow I get too! Wooo!
Been playin' Halo most of the night with DGB.  I miss my chainsaw   Borrowed gears of war to McDamage.
Been a while since I've been angry AND depressed at the same time...I feel that way now 
Been hanging around with CULLEN all day I forgot to tweet 
Been designing since 11...  Not going anywhere...but sleep. Goodnight world see you in 4 hours.
@sebodesign Hoola? Been there but didn't see her then 
Hi all haven't been on for 48 hours! Been to visit mum her alzheimers has got so bad was very sad 
Been on a weekend bender since the exam. Partied until 6am both nights, crashed at Mike's till midday. Now starting to pack 
Feel like I want to go out somewhere today, but not sure where to go. Been everywhere down here 
Hubby missed flight home. Waiting to hear when he will finally get here. Been gone over a week now. 
Made it to pa, saw a baby deer on the side of the road. So adorable! Been looking for a wordpress app for the blackberry, its not out yet 
Been looking into Quaker schools for Cian since meeting someone who teaches in one. None near us tho 
Body aches all over.  i'm growing fatter. Been eating alot lately - http://tweet.sg
been revising for HOURS now, so bored of readin about Mussolini  Been through 5 albums on my iPod so came here for a break
Ugh!  Been waiting for Kev for a minute and still nothing SMH.  
@davidsevern ah dave I'm tired. Been at it since 9am  finally the little buggers have gone. Everything went really well though  post a..
@DebbieFletcher Sorry, but I can't get on the site.. Been having trouble with that the last days.. 
Has any1 else had a problem with their IPhone battery? My phone turns off when ever it wants. Been on &amp; off for awhile now. 
At work..all day. Been here since 11 and its BORING! I've been missing the pretty sun all weekend.  Cant wait to go to the lake soon!  ...
Tasharr is worried about AU  as it still says it's 'suspended' =/ has happened before, but was fixed in a few of hours. Been over a day 
@Trekkygeek Woooooooooooo!! :-D Dude, it was awesome! Been trying to tweet all day but wouldn't connect  We had pretty good seats, and I..
@RawatCentral I've gone off Grazia recently. Been buying it since first issue, but lately it hasn't thrilled me like it used to. 
Been playing on The Sims since ten this morning, don't want to go to work tomoz 
Been thinking about trying the amazing menu at Cava? Tonight is their last night open. So go. I hate this economy. 
Been thinking about trying the amazing menu at Cava? Tonight is their last night open. So go. I hate this economy.  (via @brigleb)
We just arrived back in town. TIRED! Been gone 3wks! NEED SLEEP! Zara's cutting molars!  We are both SPENT! Love u all!
Been wanting to go to this buffet for 2 weeks&amp;it keeps not happening.  Today Boyf isn't hungry so &quot;wouldn't eat anything if we go&quot;.
Ready for Army Wives to start! Been watching since first season and LOVE it! Spending the nite w/ my grandma tonite...Miss my lil man 
Been a long day.... Meeting after meeting.. Studying.. And now designing new building... All I wanna do is chillex.... 
Been trying to work on #PhD paper all day, but too many distractions with boys' social life so I think I'm in for an all-nighter 
Been unemployed over 4 months and start work today and I got toothache WTF? Thankfully it is not too severe and got dentist tomorrow 
Been toasted by the sun once again  Shoulders are pink.... PINK!
Been walking around london all day and never seen McFly or the jobros 
@steveread Infamy, infamy , they've all got it infamy. The perfect end to a perfect week  Been reading between the lines in today's video
Been a busy day today not time to twitter  Currently getting some photography costs together and looking for some models - its a tough job
Been shopping got some nice trainers and a shirt, I'm a fashionista!! Pub quiz later nothing on tv right now stalling on News channel 
Being a zombie at 9 am  Soooo Sleepy! Been thinking abt wat I posted abt marriage cos friends askd me abt it. Stil true 4 me.
trying to figure out my school's email. Have to convert it to something crazy and of course it wont work. Been on hold for about an hour 
Been to get my 2 new pairs of glasses (one of which is quite retro!) and come home to find I missed Elliot's cord-dropping-off-moment 
@dbkr Oh no  Been watching porn again?
@EvertB Oh bugger, missed you on the radio. Been stuck on the phone for 45 mins. SOrry 
@fotochic09 Been on a trip, but co-ordiantor meeting went well and all graded as &quot;good&quot; so far!  Observation tomorrow.  Ta!
@KenPishna LOL. Been a long time since it's been in Colorado. I'm on waiting list for season tickets at new arena. May only go 1x a year 
does anyone know how do i move my Myspace Comments to the right? Been trying to find out for the past hour 
@genecrawford Gene, did twitter release that name for you? Been waiting for them to do that for me 
Been taking care of a sick little one all day and have effectively accomplished...nothing.  Up now with a 102 temp.  Poor baby 
Ugh! Been up for 25 hrs &amp; still wired. *sigh* i wanna go to sleep!  I had a FULL day yesterday w/an even fuller tmrw! 
Afternoon all. Been sorting out clothes all morning and am still sorting.  x
@SheenShines I wish you the best with that. It has never worked 4 me. Been hooked for 20 yrs now. Sad sad sad  
@JKWallace DAY 1. Been MIA 3 months. it's full throttle today. 
@Naughty_Dog Please may I have a beta code for Europe? Been trying for so long to get 1 and I'm running out of time now 
Happy one year anniversary to me ... Been at my job for a year ... And the way they thank me is by sending me to another property 
@KurtJenkins  I miss you! You haven't missed much, the band is non exisistant now. Been doing the pride scene. Glad your stuff is good
Been on a comic binge today. Catching up on echo, dynamo 5 and dmz. Raging that iv missed an issue if dmz I issue 38, 40 and 41 but no 39 
Been counting down to 19/06 for new iPhone. Now Orange has taken down the date, SFR has announced 24/06 &amp; Bouygues no longer mentions it 
Listening to: &quot;Jack Penate Have I Been A Fool Music Video on IMEEM Video&quot;irony...  ( http://bit.ly/12yxa2 )
@happy__food Been so damned busy at work that I haven't even had time to look at the menu.  Wonder if the one on the site is current?
Not getting any tweets on my phone 2day  ? Been 2 busy 2 tweet myself nyway but not 2 busy 2 run 2 Yogurtland 4 peanutbutter w/chocchips!
Road trip to florida with my six... Been driving for 5 hrs in pouring rain!  Stopping for the night. 13 hrs left to drive 
long day at work...happy to be off tomorrow! Oh and i miss my best friend, my brother, my Marine  Been thinking about u a lot Richard
Been really really busy recently. Got so much things to do. 
Wonder if I ate something wrong. Been having diarrhoea since this morning  Lousy day.
This is my last day ever at the community centre where I work on Weds. Been there 2 yrs and feel kinda crap that this is it 
Wonder when there's gonna be some decent weather in Trondheim. Been nothing but shit for weeks now! 
Good morning all, off to work in abit. Been waiting for Iphone 3.0 software but still not out! 
No  its Been 2wks Grrr @jknowtruth
@FunkydoryStokie Gutted! Been put back a day  http://www.apple.com/sg/iphone/softwareupdate/
I am in so much pain at the moment it's not true  Been taking painkillers for a week now, I want it to END
@AndyCarolan it might be around somewhere, under the car seat or something like that. Been AWOL since christmas though. 
Been ill for two days   But I have now got xBox Live so If you wanna add me tell me!
Been to the jobcentre today,the real world beckons! I'm scared lol.Guy i was talking to was fascinating.Now I have wet feet,flipping rain 
Listening to 'Let You Go'- Hanson. Been a month since Tulsa. 
Been lying in the sun... and now i have a headache... yaaaay...  #BSB
Been using GoogleAppEngine for some projects recently: Very sweet Java support, but the 10k file limit is killer for libraries 
I am having a great day! Been waiting for tech support from Oracle to fix my critical production problem.  Waiting since 1:00.... 
Been outside painting all day &amp; hadn't checked tweets since last night. Want a very cold shower when I get home. Petro needed though. 
I want my car  Been in the shop for 3 days. What will I do for work tomorrow. Take the bus or cab? :-\ I need to buy another car for ME
@DamarisC Have to check them out. Been running out of things to read. Not much good paranormal out there now 
Urgh. Been playing my game for about an hour and my computer decided it needs to restart,before i could get a chance to save. 
Woah. Been back in Canada for 36 hours - and jet lag hits me like a hammer. Night all! 
Been out fixing fence tonite. Getting a new mare in a few days &amp; the pasture hasn't been used for a while. They didn't keep up the fence 
@DJTracyYoung It's hard getting people here in Atlanta to do a shoot or allow me to shoot them for this as well  Been trying. U look GR8!
Been packing all night! time for bed now cause im shattered! A long day of moving out awaits! Shame i'm moving back to Dumpdee!  #fb
@AluraStar I understand Alura, it's hard when friends move away. Been through that a lot last few years. 
#IRCE better than expected comp 2 last yr. Fly out tomrw? We'll see. 2 bad 2 not c my Sox while here  Been too long since I lived in BOS.
@ruSh_Me Yeah I know...Been a bit busy lately...  But I guess will be back from today  Though I have a boring meeting today 
@Onrack Thanks. Been sick already for two weeks. Felt all better yesterday. Woke up with killer sore throat this morning. 
Gained half a pound. WTF! Ive been bustin my butt... 
My van is finally at the shop.Been driving my DH's Pilot. I've grown used to it &amp; the zoom!!It's going to be hard 2 go back 2 the van 
Off school today!  ILL! Sucksss,, Been watching JeremyKyle literally all day!
Been awake since 7:30! Grawr! And we rnt even en route yet. Trips suck. 
Yo, anyone who's on a computer tonight, wanna link me up to the Argo wiki? Been thinking about it and I can't find teh link anywhere 
@DonnieWahlberg Only struggle we've got right now is tickets to ur show!!  Been on the road since Scranton!!! Roadtrip of a lifetime!!
@F1GMedia  I actually haven't. I'ma do it now. Hopefully, I can make it.  Been real busy trying to find a place...
@KrisWilliams81 YES!  Rain makes my calves ache.  Been suffering the past few weeks 
Been @ the hospital since 930am... *sigh... I just wanna go home n rest...  this IV is makin me cold...
Been sittin in a mechanics garage for 3 dam hours!!! The Chevy is in a coma lol RIP 
Been watching FMA all day...39 down...11 to go...:X Starting to feel sick again 
@Rikki_ND Fell down a sopping wet hill at Mom's to open a gate for landscapers. Landed right on mah bahookie!!! Been sore ever since. 
Been wanting to eat seafood for a month. Hmm and I just realised I haven't been eating solid rice for 16 days! Blame the operation 
Been a loooong nite for UNC  in the 9th we're down 12-4.     Miracle, anyone?   xoxo
Man her flight is still not here! Been waiting since 10pm. Praying they can land soon! 
@MossyBlog  Soo jealous! I have been wanting to use one since i saw the original videos. Been close but not used 
@Momma2Luchini I guess. That sux.  I no like be stuck w/ crazy bitches. I mean supporters.  Been chekin site everyday n nothin 
@zachyd Lulz. I do not smoke da bud. Been sick for two weeks. I think I have bronchitis 
@pokemonika Aaaah - I see.  Hopefully the bland-ness doesn't last much longer.  Been there, had to do that be4 I'm afraid. Feel better...
@OwenGerrard where are you? Been here (Brighton) 30mins &amp; am 14th 
@starvin Cali's great! Been some moving drama, but the actual state if fantastic! Gotta be lonely with Paige and Willie off in Vegas... 
@Jordankinght Very upset sydney show cancelld..Been waiting since i was a lttle girl! Got front seats  hope you come back ! tk care
And did I mention, nobody here can get into Facebook either...  Been this way for the whole week 
Ugh, I feel so down. Been watching the 6/12 episode of &quot;What Not To Wear&quot; and this woman was absolutely devasted by her new hairdo. 
darn MS Excel  Why does it take so long to perform an easy task?? Been waiting 10 minutes now, to show 100 lines... :S
@josie_barnes Good good! No sadly not, back to working mainly  Been out on the bike loads too and DJing tonight tho 
@thepjmorton I'm wit you dude! Sittin in the Atl Airport waitin to board my flight. Been up all night 
@jreck I am trying to get off Coffee. Been drinking tons of good old fashioned water 
@maxine_c Agh broke the screen,then the hard drive crashed! Been looking out 4a new one but funds are low! 
@ChrisPyUK Yep, I was informed earlier, thanks. Been up for way too long to think clear. 
Been for my first snorkel of the year. Spotted loads of fish. No camera though. 
Been wide awake 4 an hour. Went 2 bed late as usual which translates n2 not much sleep  I'm just up stressin' about stuff...... Real nice
Been ill last couple of days  Better now though 
@NKOTB @THE_WOCKEEZ Been lying to you. Won't see you in Dallas. Sitters won't commit &amp; made other plans. 
My HBP was still kinda high. The dr. upped my dose damn it. I'm sad and frustrated. Been working out and eating really well and its high? 
Been on hold with AT&amp;T Premier for over 30 mins so far. What the heck is going on with my order, bastards?! 
I'm at TTSH waiting for my aunt to be discharged. Been here for the freaking night.  - http://tweet.sg
Been meaning to do exercises all day, now have the time but it's late  Just 30 minutes then, with lots of effort. Then a beer as reward.
Crap. Been coughing all day. Can't be getting sick now! 
Russ really needs to work on his timing. Been waiting at chipotle for 40 minutes. And I thought I was bad! 
Been drinking. Friend locked us out of his room. Can't get in for another 45 min. 
Been a funny week .. Riot the ABD is back in kennels after it didnt work out in his foster home .. not his fault at all 
Been discussing 'what there was when I was young (?!)' with 17 yr old lib asst. Trying to describe my Sinclair Spectrum. Feeling v old 
Aggh! Been up moving stuff into the car since 9am. Handed my keys in and finally on the road. 
Can't sleep, due to pain. Been awake and up since 5:30AM. Need to get some pain relief and go back to bed. 4hrs sleep just won't cut it. 
Been up since half 7 this morning! No reason my body just decided to wake up  I think im gonna jump in the shower as its 2:28!! Opps x
Been in bed ill. Didn't manage to get into work. I feel awful. 
Quite often I wish I only dealt in ceramics- you can just wash them in a bowl of soapy water. Been polishing rusty cast iron for 3 hours. 
Been a mean bitch to Steve the last few days. Sorry 
Who was I kidding?! Been under-weather most of wk &amp; have decided to pass on B'day do ( Herbal teas, sofa &amp; sleep is all I feel up to 
@youngvictheatre didn't know much about this - would've gone if I knew more in advance. Especially to see moree Been So Long.! 
still looking after David. Been shopping and found lots of nice things but did not buy anything 
Back home now, relaxing. Been out shopping! Spent too much money though ... 
Been quiet today  feeling ROUGH!
@David_de_Vynel sorry i'm not there. Been so ill today, death by kidney fail. 
Can't believe I missed Murphy-Goode deadline. *headdesk* Been on my mind for months! Finished script! Aargh! 
@badingding ITV2 +1  Been on a while though 
Been enjoying myself in Florida. Tomorrow we head home. 
@Cinda me too! Been like that all week. Sucks 
They sold the backsplash out from under us after promising it to us.  Been laying low today after the week at VBS. Tired &amp; unmotivated.
311 show tonight @riverbend. first time I've missed a show in 5 years    ..I did buy CD sounds Good. Been checking out bands I havn't seen
Jus touched down in philly. Hour away from home n nj. And the count down begins til I see my boo again. Been a month and a half 
Been in Charleston for 4 days and still haven't had a bite of seafood  boo
Been revising for Science exams all day 
@CathrynMarie hey sweetie!! Call me sometime.. I'm moving this week and Mario Winans is coming down to work on my album. Been hectic 
Been sick today  eughh Avoiding revision for tomorrows dreaded GCSE exams!!
Gettin dressed and ready for church. Havent been in a while  need to go every wkend and get that word
According to your Where I've Been map, how much of the world have you seen? http://www.whereivebeen.com I've only seen 8%  Boo!
Been sneezy and snotty all day. I better not have caught Dave's stupid head cold 
@smosh I got eaten alive by misquitos at a BBQ, then went home only to find out that I am crazy sick. Been so sick all day. 
Been an incredibly busy evening so no time to tweet  but thanks for the replies, will tweet in the morning! Bedminster for me now! Night!
Been at school for 5 hours!! Someone help me 
@kirsty1181 I'm feelin worse to be honest lol.  Fab! Been dead light headed all day  hope ur sore throat's not sign of sumthin worse??
@MuscleNerd Can't wait for Ultrasn0w! Been forced to use my 3G as an IPT for the last 3 months, since I updated the baseband accidentally 
@Deloveable Been a baywatch fan as far as I can remember, mainly due to Pamela &lt;3..Guess I will give her up for you as well 
Been chatting to Dad on Skype. Missing home and feeling a bit lonely  Still chin up tomorrow is a new day!
Been Lyin in the sun today (ment to be off school sick - whoops ! ;] ...) goin tomorrow though  ..... so i will give u another update soon
@CJ_cda Thanks!  Watched without the translation and I was surprised at how much I DIDN'T understand.  Been away from Phil for 20+ yrs.
Been at the hospital pretty much since 5PM yesterday, wife has intestinal inflammation issues. Sucky ass monday for shore. 
Whoops, I did it again. Think it confuses me when I'm in the DM screen. Daughter mashed her finger  Been talking to @mgrimes about it.
@mwick_  Know how you feel, bb. Been lookin since Jan and I haven't even been getting calls.  All these other ppl keep getting jobs though
Been a bit slow on the Twitter updates - I am sorry for that  Promise to play nice this week!! #traveltuesday
@craftyasparagus Alright, that's what I thought you meant. Been trying to fix that for ages. Just took the whole thing out. 
Beautiful frost this morning brrrrrr!!  Been for a 10km walk, played with the neighbours kitten and now at my desk ready to work! 
Do not go on 23rd Ave and right by Gateway.... Been sitting here a great while...  #yegtraffic
@kogibbq special request-come to Huntington Memorial hospital. Been here 4 days with my daughter who had pneumonia. 
@joe_doll Been up all night and morning-Mum in ICU and not looking good Joe doll 
@euskaltel Ugh!  Heard it's upper 90s and humid at home. Been in the 60s &amp; 70s here in Belgium. Gonna be hard to come home to that!
Been very busy lately, saw Transformers 2 [freakin' awesome], played Point Lookout for Fallout [Awesome], and yeah, haven't worked on map 
@Shadow1girl Been good thanks but not been on Buzznet much lately. I miss it but haven't got the energy 
Been hearing alot of negitive things about Transformers 2, which is sad, but only worse if its as bad as they say. 
Been skim reading the Digital Britain report @danoliver I blame you mate! Grrrrrr! Lunchtime run is looming, not feeling up for it today 
@zimnla Very much but I'd like it better if I could've actually relaxed by the pool everyday! Been so busy I went one day for 1.5 hours. 
Been late to work all week. I don't even take the metro! Guess buses were affected by the crash too 
@carolz_place Been Hot in TN for weeks  The air has been on all month. Thankfully yd &amp; this a.m. is cool enough 4 open windows. Blessings!
Been awake 19hrs alr. Me crazy lah. Tmrw early meetg w big boss oso. Sure gonna gimme some work. I dun mind bt If only they paid me more 
Bummed. Been signed up for RWA 4ever, and might not be able to go b/c of possessed SUV that catches fire and only parks in reverse. . 
Been feeling kind of down lately..... Wondering wth amy is doing and why she won't holla at me anymore. BFD i guess. 
Bloody highland show holding up all the traffic! Been waiting on my bus for ages 
Having a good day . Enjoying the sunshine and kids :Been nursing a sore knee for three weeks now  I have to get exercising
Been in Photoshop 2 days straight and finally finished a big $500 project! Feel so successful!  and tired lol.... got more to do tho 
@JoeyLibetta Been better. Sore throat and sniffles today. You well? 
@db I barely recognized you all slicked up there Rick  Just wait an hour, they'll be different  How the hell are you? Been a minute.
@jasongaunt Yeah, lots of potential. I think they've been working on their own iPhone app for months now  How are you mate? Been a while!
@Billy3G Well that's what school is about: getting your beauty sleep befor the long night ahead.  Been there done that &amp; Miss it!
@spr33 - I'm so sorry, but I lolled. Have you eaten anything that makes you particularly flatulent? Been on the fish and chips? lol 
Been for a v productive meeting at Amika and heading to wholefoods for buffet bar! 
Been up since 5:55... Forgot how early Mom gets up for the day. Plus side: got to walk around Coupeville before anyone else. 
@ziggymatt was thinking that last nite. Realised it's now 20 years since my first kiss. Been practisng like mad ever since lol 
Been to the coast today - wonderful - stood in the sea up to my knees. Very restorative! 
@LukosTairov Hey, what's your blog address again? Been meaning to go 
@TalulaKim Re. visiting-I know! Been way too long. So we'll plan it before our 20th high school reunion then. LOL   (OMG, we're old!) LOL
@KGMB9 I'll have to take your word for it. Been some years since I've been in Lihue 
finally going to bed! I have a busy Elmo/Sea world filled day 2morrow! Been planning for a mth. Hopefully everything goes smooth! 
Ahh haven't been on twitter all day. I have missed it. Been in Wellington stocking up on my winter wardrobe.. I love high-waisted skirts! 
Been a long day..Going to bed, and I'll be talking to everyone later. 
@VioletsCRUK Forget YouTube then .. Cud make fortune with Youve Been Framed!! 
(G) Lazy Sundays are always the best. Been a recluse this wkend so far. Just been revising and playing BAP...I do enjoy seeing no one 
Been invited to a BBQ with some people I barely know... 
@Splash13 Been a wee while since we had a proper chat. D: hope to catch you on msn soon. 
Just got back 4m Alex. Been great, had great laughs with my cousins and single handedly responsible for all the dirty jokes and comments 
I love the first season of &quot;The Apprentice&quot;! Been watching it on DVD all morning. 
@timanderson Waiting here for ya Tim  Been here all weekend to drink in the local flavours. Stayed in cheapie hotel 
@IamNovel No probs dude get that album out for us will ya? Been bumping the EP long enough! 
Been in the studio all day. Loving it. Songs are coming together nicely 
@mensdomain Glad to hear it sweetie  Been a rough few days but I'm feeling much better thank you!!
@ashuttleworth SIN Aoyama is a nice restaurant. Been to lunch/dinner a few times. They all talk Italian, go quick to smart.fm and learn! 
Been indulging at the Turkish greengrocers. This week we'll be eating very yummy (and healthy) feed, me thinks 
@urban_gypsy Been there, done that, got the smacked shin...  Owww!!!  
@FizzyDuck It really does look good. Been into Transformers since I was a little lad. 
@SLeatherdale It's sweet of you to notice. Been very busy at work with my new assistant. He's proving to be a great asset.  Enjoy the BHW.
Bathroom is sparkling btw ..... Been up since 7, that's gotta be wrong  right, next...
Been on the road for 16 hrs already. Gone back and forth to Zamba.. Potipot island was effin beautiful! 
Been watching The Secret Life of the American Teenager and I have to admit, I'm liking it. Cheers to family entertainment 
@Maike_R_W Yep.  Been one for the last, uh, 12 years.
Been listening to &quot;Unintended&quot; from Muse 10 times today. Gosh...great old song from them. Never ever get tired or bored listening to it 
Been up WAY past 24 hours now... Time for Bed 
Been out to a cheese + wine tasting in south ken w/ Nicole  was awesome!!  even ended up buying some of the cheese, + also meats..Yum!!
Been to the opticians today. Short sighted in my left eye, but don't need glasses. 
Been up for an entire day=24 hours. Going to sleep and I don't have an alarm set, so I'm basically sleeping in until my tank is FULL! 
@rob_thats_me hehe yep!! Been drinking loads!!  thank you! It's what all the hard work in training is for.. Racing!!
Been trying to work out some GTA SA memory addresses. For some reason they keep changing on me. Just trying to get a text call is all. 
Been lookin for some new tracks for my ipod for the gym . I`ll check that one out! Thanx 
@JoanRivers___ I cant wait either! Been waiting all week Joan! What will you do  ?!
@DawnRichard-O 2 B U  You missed the morning by a mere 9.5minutes! Been on my Comcast hustle since 7am!
Sorry haven't posted in a while now.. Been busy busy busy.. WORKING 
Just bought pre-earthquake anthem and fight sounds by circlesquare. Been meaning to for a while now. Awesome downtempo synth and vocals 
@Jay900 I sincerely hope it is for you! Been wanting to do it for a good long time. 
Been with Sam one year todayyyy. 
@Andrewgoldstein just pre-ordered your new album 'Off The Deep End'. Been listening to 'Permanent Heart' on repeat since. 
Downloading Chex-Quest!  Been about 12 years sins it's final release you say? Your Right! 
Been helping ex-student with Uni assignment via Skype .... gotta love a connected world. Now sudying 'game design'. Even better. 
@gamerbabe360 I'm feeling a little sleepy now. Been reading Gunter Grass... wonderful but tiny print. Eyes done in 
@aileen2u2 and yep, you've converted me to Blip.  Been great to hear a lot of others suggestions - some pretty great stuff!
@Dnldub Hey! I am back.  Been listening to retrorewind.  How you do always know everything. 
@Yoga_fan Been busy trumping your cheese omlette with a cheese and chili omlette. An omnomlette 
Been awake for 2 hours, and already downed 5 cups of coffee.. Today's gonna be gooood 
@scanarama Howdy chap  How the hell are you? Been a while 'n' all.
@carsonjdaly Carson!  Been enjoying the new format of your show 
@jayaschwa Jay!!! Been infected by the Twittermania? Awesome! 
Been away from the on-line for a few days and so much stuff passed me by. This is really weird. Omnipresence ftw!!1!!1 
@haylio I knew I was pushing my luck. Been watching IT Crowd clips at lunch and felt inspired 
Been taking care of myself this week and will continue today.  Have a great day, everyone! 
@architeuth1s Been here for a while  lol.. sock. such a tard. Coffee is the Devil!! lol
@jacquelynrachel  - awwww, I've met him many times as a kid.  Been in his house. He used to be my neighbor, he lives in Fullerton. 
@aileen826 anything else u want to see? Been frustrated that there has not been anything good. Btw cast of star trek does look good! 
Hi everybody! Been &quot;hors de combat&quot; for a coupla days... but I'm back now! 
@officialTila Hi sweetheart!  Been waiting for ya. hehehe Not really.  I'm ok tonight! But I've been thinking about you tho!  I've
Been to Sainsbury's, it was so busy I had to drop my basket and make a run for it...Sommerfield much more gentlemanly 
@shivaruppeni Hey woman! I don't look THAT much different but thanks anyway.  Been trying to uhh... keep myself fit. lol.
Our National day here today. Been out and watched the parade. Waiting for the turkey now 
It`s the norwegian national day!  I love my country! Been to work, am soo tired.. Got burned in the face! It hurted! :'(
@SlowTrav Been meaning to say &quot;Thanks!!&quot; Got the goodies in the mail, using the mousepad now. 
Been using my hackentosh with the iDeneb 10.5.7 update for most of the day with no problems  Going to try a fresh install of Dropbox now.
@Alyssa_Milano Hello from Norway! Been a fan since the MP days. Look forward to your new show over here. 
I had to google for the defn of AFK. Been years that I am into hardcore chatting.. 
Keep in touch KORY.  I'm turning in for the night.  Big Settlement deal going down tomorrow.     Been working on it for months!
@evliving WCS is one of my passions.  Been doing it for about 10 years. How long have you been dancing?
Been a realy good week in Ulduar i got the furnice stone from Ignis on 10-man so realy fun week  raided 25man naxx also 10hour raids wtf
Been getting Banner ads from Nuffnang consistently lately, good for the old bank balance 
AAAh just woke up for the second time... Been working hard last night! Yeah! 
@SAngelloLIVE , Been awake for about 5 hours in front of the friggin monitor. !! Malta the sun is shining, but still cant afford a pool 
Been a while... I have been very enthralled in MapleStory and Warsow. Much love to those that want it  Guessim going back to games. BB! o/
@Jaideyyy Been there, Doing that 
Been doing maths papers all morning and listening to Lily Allen. 
Been getting some more details through from Naked Tokyo this morning.... v v v v v exciting! 
Been looking into Bikes recently, Leo's TerraTrike got me interested. Apparently in bicycle lingo I'm a Clydesdale. Jeez thanks for that. 
Been playing with Google charts  http://code.google.com/apis/chart/ Made these (put together with  http://tinyurl.com/ppxk5t
Been playing with Google charts  http://code.google.com/apis/chart/ Made these (put together with CS4) http://i42.tinypic.com/2mm926w. ...
Been busy with my new computer for a few days. Engine development goes on though. 
@RosannaPrice both! Lol. Been played as bit of a fool, damn the opposite sex, we should both turn gay. Least could do pride marches!  x
@LittleLisa69 Multi-tasking a-go-go! Been writing emails while playing bejewelled-so talented! Now off to cook while doing more laundry 
@laurakim123 Oh yes - thanks! Been deep in thought. I'll have a look, thanks and get back to you 
@iamdiddy I'm on the early shift even in MIA! Been locked in workin on millions! Take that take that! 
@Iyarchuleta I'm good  Been missing Twitterville though.
@sanjukta I have been wondering the same thing. Got some 10 odd myself  Been a busy day at tweetworld 
Feeling a lot better this morning. Been dragging all week. Not sure why I feel better, maybe more motivation? Oh well. I feel productive. 
@justjenrobb Yeah I Know, But Lovebug Has Been Played 479. 
I love It's Complicated. Been waiting ages on this. Pity I didn't live in America, I wouldn't have to wait so long  but still.
Been up all night and on the way to Disneyland for the first time EVER! This should be interesting and fun. 
Been on an angry/rocker chick music kick lately. It's GREAT music to run to  Anyone have any song recommendations for me 2 check out?
@MarioSoulTruth Heyyyyyy Mars Bars! How u been? I love u and I was tryna get u to respond! Been going hard 4 u since 2002 
Been a busy but great day.  New website going live tomorrow   Getting ready for a big Indian feed tonight with some of my mates!!!
Goodmorning from the Netherland everyone! time to start up my english tweets again. Been too busy but making time now 
Been a crazy night of trying to figure out songs on guitar with Frank the tank.. SO much Beatles. 
Very happy that I left the climbing gym cheerful and not frustrated. Been a while since that happened! Bring on the routes! 
@mcottmeyer Hey hows you doing? Been reading your blog. All the best for your talk 
@ikesonthereal In the summer Imma hit Oxford street !! Been too long! You're welcome  How's the music going ?
@jc76 hi Julie.... Been diagnosed for many years but only just started on MTX, been resistant to taking it till now. Nice to meet you 
Been out in the garden killing weeds, really hot! Going for a blast on the bike now  
