Most common words for this cluster:
[('beer', 328), ('drink', 235), ('wine', 204), ('bottle', 112), ('coke', 88), ('alcohol', 86), ('glass', 83), ('drinks', 79), ('vodka', 78), ('drunk', 73), ('water', 71), ('lol', 67)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'beer', 0.8411219716072083), (u'drink', 0.8213493227958679), (u'drinks', 0.7802023887634277), (u'beers', 0.7568801641464233), (u'vodka', 0.727922260761261), (u'wine_spritzer', 0.7270820736885071), (u'peppermint_schnapps', 0.7228347659111023), (u'kool_aide', 0.7215642929077148), (u'Grey_Goose_martini', 0.7173269987106323), (u'lager', 0.7161286473274231)]





@ashleyskyy but I wanted a margarita too! 
has 0g of milky bar left, and around 200ml of coke 
Opening a partially frozen beer= Beer on the toaster, under the oven and all over the counter. The kitchen smells like we run a speakeasy 
@RumLover An empty rum barrel is a sad rum barrel. *shakes head* the horror, the horror.  
Note to you all: don't go to the choclate bar @ schiphol!! it is passengers only 
@laratron alas, I have no Pimms 
@brahhh quit smoking cigs... i dont want to look old  plus... i cant breath haha
I cant give up smoking... I tried but it's not easy.. 
wishing she hadnt drunk so mush yestaday 
Hates his pills, oh god why do they have to taste so fuckin horrible. 0,5 liter of coke to flush them down isnt even enough 
am going to get hot blackcurrant cold drink  wish me luck...
Drink exploded in my bag 
they threw away my water bottle  annoying on more than one level.
@RebeccaVasmant still no better then hun?  drink loads of fresh juice.. try and get smoothies, that'll help!! speak later, kisses xx
I'm out of smokes 
Cigerates up 25% and petrol up 5c bollix about the petrol  don't care about cigs,
So happy no extra tax on booze  ole smokes 25cent though 
Only 2.5 shots of cuervo left in the bottle 
@ckcyn  haha I was driving and bored...havent had any drinks 
btw, T made it home okay. 2 glasses of wine &amp; a bottle of $110 champagne. he's a sucker for champagne. also: sux hearing friends in pain. 
how come in movies when people need a drink, they take a swig and are instantly satisfied?  never happens for me. 
I'd kill for a beer, or two 
Still shakin from the shootin on my street last nite. I need a drink. 
being hungover after being drunk ISN'T fun 
So excited for dairy bar, but just found out its closed 
@EMFinley I almost broke it again right off the bat! But Powerade is good 
Has just made the perfect cocktail. But doesn't taste strong  but i know how much i put in :-s 
knew i should have brought two caffinated beverages to the library 
@VirginWrites can't wait for the deets, all alone in the newsroom writing about Delrisco with a little vino and a little coffee 
not liking the diet root beer sunil picked up by accident 
@princessq82 i am! He confiscated my bottle 
thinking my birthday is going to suck again this year.... so much for my Champagne B-day! 
I drank soda  i wasnt supposed to
I need another drink. And the orange juice is all gone 
Has a throbbing headache, except it's in my knee...    does Tequila fix that?
has unfortunately confirmed the hypothesis that wine makes me sneeze...nooooooooo. 
@datkidpatrick lol I don't kno bout anything so I'm stuck here   I'm bout to jus buy drinks and get talkative
@RGibs ok!  Drinking the wine  don't wanna lose my drunk state.
Just had an intervention with one of my closest. Alcohol is great, but we're getting worried... 
back from drinking beer..... back to study some more 
I can't believe chuck lidell lost  going to have drinks at the yardhouse now.
@Jennisms hopefully I'll be off at 5am or 6am  life would be great if we could work and Drink at the same time! hahaaa
@CocaBeenSlinky just had one cant drink any more till after ive ran 
i cant stand the taste of alcohol, so it has to be fruity,and it  only takes half of glass 
Emily didn't make it to the bar 
@PaulaCoMayo I hear ya sister. Vodka is not my friend this morning 
I just got busted for drinking 
whiskey ... paved road... I don't think the toothferry can fix this    #accidentshappen#
@aaronmillerillz  Fosters... I've had Fosters from ad old man pub before, it tasted like eggs. It was bad times. 
says I have a confession to make...  http://plurk.com/p/oz80r
@AndyRileyish I dunno, but it wasn't cream soda 
waking up at 3pm with a hangover and a bottle of vodka next to me makes me feel worse ! need coffee, toast and company 
no more vodka 
red wine + not enough sleep = headache 
is finishing the gin but has no other booze 
@noreaga cigarettes are bad for you!!!   
Just had few drinks and bbq. Is not looking forward to school means no more drinking 
why did i only buy one beer. its almost finished 
I want/need one of those tiny drink umbrellas for this photog idea I have. 
out of beer 
@DamienCripps but then i would never be able to come out and c you or get the drinks in 
@BigFatKaz a few beers weakened my resolve 
doesn't think it's a good idea to have a latte when you're not used to drinking them  
found a bottle of bacchus in my fridge and drank it. do these things expire? i need to stay up late to do my homework!   
wishes she was sat outside a pub with a cider and her mates 
i spilled my drink on my lap 
@meghantonjes  well at least get a bottle of wine or something!
Totally jealous that @neongreencookie is enjoying an Izze right now and I'm stuck with tap water 
@andyfortson i can't believe we don't hang out and drink whiskey. oh wait, i'm always busy. 
has a pack of cigarettes but no lighter... 
i'm mildly afraid my condoms will expire before i have sex again. 
Should NOT have had that pepsi...the caffeine is keepin me up!  i couldn't help it! it sounded so refreshing!
day 2 without alcohol or refined sugar..  I better run a good 10k!!!
is at a party with TONS of alcohol but cant drink  lame
you DAMN drunk lol i wish tony and i were drunk 
Sitting a bar smoking a stoagie and having the day's first beer...alone 
I lost beer pong  to trey and justin
@KatyBird45 threw her beer at me 
Note to self: a, never go over a bottle of wine and b, get later shifts  flop
Meeting went well..but now that its over I need a drink  http://myloc.me/pTK
isn't used to drinking beer anymore   awtch
i made the sweetest rasberry tea ever i think, it's still too hot to drink 
who knew beer could get you so drunk ...  
@bungieboy ..I was gonna try the rum but have run out so gonna see if the wine does the same.  This is the longest flu I have ever had 
@ibeau I'm going to run out of beers tho 
@Zapatabe hey drink my coke I left it with u 
Those 4 shots of expresso worked low key... I can't sleep 
@ozdj too many beers 
but im also a soda addict that is bad 
Starving  and i need cigs !
My lips killing  I'm away to the pictures with a cold drink
couldn't sleep if I had a bottle of benedryl beside me 
Drinks that come in salt rimmed glasses=major headache in the morning 
@BobMabena no beers  too lazy to go to the bottle store
Blahh I hate when Daiquiri jumps on my face and wakes me up early   going back to sleep
Not to self: bitch drinks= gnarly headache 
I shouldn't have drank that Pepsi.....know I can't have caffeine...feeling crazy already... 
what shall i drink during the game?: Stella, Molson Export, LaBatts, or Heineken? No Yuengling in KY 
With my drunk family....they get to wine rasteand I get to watch! 
Sadly, all beer festivals must end. 
@dorothy1985  you should come over to the uk and have drinks 
beer was such a bad idea. apparently im dehydrated. i didnt think charlie horses could get worse then how they were earlier. owwww f.m.l 
is seriously missing wine right now!!! 
I stink like booze! 
@d0opeb0ii  me too and I quit smoking so im really feelin a drink 
I took a shower in blue berry vodka tonight and not by choice  but I had fun dancin'!
@ShenaniganJenn I didn't even notice that!  If you are getting your drink on, drink some for me!! I have no lovely drinks.  
I am so thirsty, but I spent all my money on cheap beer.  $6 bottled water or $2 beer from tap?
bah, spent 8 hrs coding C &amp; forgot it was rocket car day  beer b = malloc(sizeof(beer));
bel keeps stealing my beer! And no, i don't want champagne instead woman 
has a headache  (I blame the soda, not the vodka)
drank like 8 cups of water in the last two hours and my bladder will not forgive me! 
SO upset! I forgot about my tattoo when I put on perfume this morning - the alcohol started to dissolve it 
:O the cinema has mountain dew on tap! (ie syrup mixture stuff). It doesn't taste as good as from the bottle 
never mix energy tablets with paracetemol with alcohol. 
is having a bbq and beer this evening!! still not found new car though 
http://twitpic.com/4h2zi - The disaster that was the broken wine bottle 
I think i have an ulcer...  But that's not gonna stop me from drinking Sprite, eating tim tams, and talking mooncups!!
My bottle of patron broke in my suitecase  now everything smells like tequila
@dogawa I want some beer 
tripped and fell on a broken beer bottle while running on the side of the road. Owwww go green douche bags 
55 bottles of beer on the wall... wait, that's too many bottles; less water next time 
@QlovesFashion did you see that? he had left that drugged drink and he went back for it gat damn. and she was all on him. 
my pacobutthole is in pain from an unfortunate accident with a goldschlager bottle    but my birthday is in two days so drink tampon beer!
Too much alcohol 
@frisbeeblues Beer yes but let's not talk about the game  we lost 3-1 buggerfuck
is so boring now.. sleepy and decided to go for a cup of drink.. to regenerate myself!! 
@theshoppedenver cocktails 
Giving up smoking! So hard... 
Note for myself: Never, ever drink Ushba Vodka 
washes down a Belgian waffle with the last dregs of ginger beer. this must be what getting fat is like  http://plurk.com/p/rpelt
At least I still have the bourbon 
@NickyColman is was cola, hence the not getting drunk 
@PrincesAshleigh I know! I was totally off my game. I think it's because I tried to do beer and vodka as opposed to my normal tequila 
I really want some red wine 
Drank 4 coffees today to wake up, now can't sleep... Boourns 
spilt a can of beer in my bed yesterday... damp mattress... 
neighbors are partying. tempting me to go drink a few. but im still not packed yet. and no swell headed for wilmington 
@paul_berry  negative. We are right behind the plate. It hit the net where my beer sat 
@ale_rotondo this is what happens when bordem takes over 
The bartender just told me to man up...  lol
@ALFwannabe I wish I had known about it sooner! but I'm already in my sweatpants drinking beer on my couch 
kill bill and glass bottled coke. i wish i could get comfy 
@wordybirdee  Why didn't you get to go out? I stayed in having a beer and listening to the thunderstorm.
Drinking Ciroc. Tired 
Reading about quitting smoking. I smoke a pack of cigarettes a day.  
@BradinBuffalo love that cigar. Just too hard to find and marked up too much $$$ when I do. 
bar closed 
I'm out of henny. The bottle lost 
tired and cold.  need a hot water bottle to warm me up!!
i am so tired i feel hung over this is not fair seeing as a rarely drink 
There is nothing like a Chianti hangover, well maybe Rioja  - not even Nurofen can dull it's relentless onslaught 
ive tried to cheat my way round not drinking, but if i get drunk on shandy i guess thats no drink at all. cheats never prosper, as i know 
@hirasawa It's just crappy light beer.  It was 2am when we got to the market and they wouldn't let us buy real beer.
@kahlee lol I don't have alcohol here, I can't have a drunk sunday  lol
Yep, is seams like I lost my phone yesterday, don't mix Vodka with Wine 
Drinking water in a wine glass has helped me increase my consumption of water. On the other hand, I now tend to gulp down my wine. 
just done my Exise beer duty return and nearly cried 
It is tragic that the closest i've come to alcohol this weekend is the guinness in my blackcurrant &amp; guinness jam 
Christening went well, now for food and beer unless your driving like me lol 
@rustycharm You ate it! I'm hurt  You'd better not have drunk my tea - and don't call me #nigella ;-p
must remember that 2 cans of beer is more than enough to make me drunk 
This beer cost me 900 yen.!!!! That's almost $9..  http://twitpic.com/4wxrl
@EmetElisheva cant drink hot chocolate 
even though its my favourite drink i think its the vodka and coke that wipes my mind all the time  think im gonna have to find a new drink
@triners Oh, wine. I miss wine. It makes me sick now.  I know, I tried!
@anakaren214 I need a bottle of vodka ana 
@Synderella_a7x i do too but i have no alcohol!  make one for me?
Coke... 
There is something so manly about a bottle of beer and a bottle opener. Then I realized it was a twist top. 
@SonicThrust Haha oh man now that Bacon Vodka person is following me too  I blame you.
I need a water bottle/cup next to me though, I can't stop coughing!!! 
And wanting a cigarette bad 
The free wine has run dry 
I want a fuCn alcoholic beverage 
Really wishing I hadn't put the root beer I was going to buy back on the shelf. 
Cooking myself pad thai with a glass of merlot in my game.....lush.....but lonely 
@Boddingtons he may be a chatter, but he's not a voter  #@architeuth1s
@rehabc I was just looking for some free alcohol 
@dyky And no, you shouldn't take alcohol. It's bad, really bad. 
nachos and vino...too soon 
Beer delivery 
is, instead, drinking a double tequila and squash in a pint glass. With a side order of 
Never drinking like I did last night again. I only had one drink too many but that one drink was all it took to get me sick. 
@alexmcneill :hands you orange juice: Drink up and rest. I hope you feels better soon 
I'm smoking a cigarette. I hate newports. 
Always has Koolaid never any sugar 
it would not be wise to finish this bottle of wine solo---but its keeps telling me to drink it 
@martinezrob ..what?!? why would you do something like that!?!  sad day for beer drinkers..
isn't having much fun  I'm so sick of these drunk losers
@definitelyian I'm sorry. I'm just drunk. 
@cirrushi It's so not fun! Drinking liquids is like tempting death! 
my 11am client is running late. I'm sat in a bar, drinking red wine alone.  xoxo
Boring and drinking alcohol 
already drank beer before fri 
@Dreamyeyes even if u sip you have to swallow the liquid 
@ryee40007 Tequila. But it's too early. 
Making some homemade beer. 6 weeks until ready though 
need alcohol first.   #3turnoffwords
never ever wanna drink vodka again ! thinking about last night makes my head hurt 
I started with forrest gump instead...I forgot the ending makes me sad   turner and hooch or big next
I'm sick and vodka doesn't seem to be fixing it. 
 to much drinking lead to trowing up I feel like shit
Champagne on the beach- then goodbye miami 
alcohol poisoning.....how wonderful 
@MusashiBeats my regular bottle of $5 wine is $15 here...gone r the days of 4 bottles for $20  its a sad day.
Oww hangover.... Alcohol I thought we were friends 
I'm out of my drink 
Is not having a coke float 
@rangercej all of them!  I had my water gear and everything! just got to fight the law now...  .. have beer will use it..copiously..
i wasnt allowed to play beer pong 
wow  I am up late, can't sleep and my man isn't here to help me get tired!!   Drinking a glass of wine for now.
@prayagn You've never had any? I used to looooove it but now I'm not into sugary pop anymore  I still root beer though.
three hours in the freezer and my Guinness is ice frozen. no beer tonight  
@emilymalan i didn't get to see you before i left  but i love you're one drink wonder moments you have!
@emilymalan i didn't get to see you before i left   haha but i do love the asian glow you get after one drink i got you! hehe
Rub up against furniture? =]@la_conqui5ta Drinking wine always puts me in &quot;that mood&quot; but I'm always alone when I drink.  haha!!
@CherylH77 I'll take that too! Thanks &amp; cheers! I'd have a drink for real now but I'm back training. 
i feel so sick  its the flu but not the swine kind...i wish there was such a thing as Wine flu, that could work!
yesterday he ate a huge bar of chocolate and never saved me any 
is getting cold. No hot water bottle tonight 
@himynameisivy the recipe calls for 1 cup of water only, but i accidentally used 5 cups. i was better off drinking water. haha. 
noooes! i forgot about a bottle of juice i put in the freezer 12 hours ago and now its frozen through and through 
is headed to work...beth drank a whole bottle of wine last night and agreed to finally watch star wars with me!! than she got sick 
apparently blackberrys don't survive falling into beers  bye bye blackberry until i get home
@KellykelKool I blame myself cuz i did that  what is the good about having #XXXX for followers while they don't want to follow?
@jaimeeashley i love your neotokyo stone too i baught every different energy drink they have i got 2 free but they all tasted the same 
@morganxx damnit! now I have an empty bottle. 
So very bored... looking forward to going home and having a glass of wine!! Is it time yet... half an hour to go. 
@NaomiFaye  come back here, we still play your beer o clock thing! speaking of which i hell stole one of phil's beers &amp; feel superrrrr bad
should stop being an emotional drunk 
@CairoMayeson  I'm sure alcohol would help! (if your circumstances allow it) lol
@paavani ONE (us) didn't get Vodka and had to make do with Ghoda Chaap whiskey at 3 times the price from Billubhai 
I made a litre of blackcurrant juice with boiling water. 20 mins later it's still too hot to drink...   http://bit.ly/2hMJ6
has a major headache  Beer....
I need a new bottle of hairspray 
I want a glass of wine but all my reds were opened too long ago! 
For some its Alcohol, for others it is gambling, still others it is illicit drugs...for me it is phones. 
...and now I'm craving a Mojito 
@joeosterberg nice Guinness would good right about now!! still have hmm 8 hrs to go 
@OnHerToes it's supposed to be drunk not worn 
@StringBeanPhila awww, I mised hot bartender.  
Going in after this horrible cigarette 
@angelicatrimble and you didn't think to invite me for a drink? 
i don't know whose bright idea is it to do the drink-all-you-can margarita special @ chili's and i'm supposed to be sick. i'm nauseous. 
@Jadedinsanity I love you! The gay bar was fun but short lived 
@hollowlegs I think I'm like that with 'buca and Absinthe  I stay away from those.
Regretting that bottle of wine last night. 
My caffiene buzz is ruined 
@philiplavoie  i can have the steak! this weekend is going to be hard not to have that casual social beer!
@McGiff Beer sounds good!!!!!  Diet coke is all I have in the house 
@BlackEyedGurl i'll give you the same advice i gave @scath : drink heavily to take the edge off. sorry you're hurting so bad 
Redbull just doesnt do it anymore... any ideas on a new energy drink?? 
felt cowboyish in the morning. so, slathered some bay rum as aftershave. too sweet-smelling for my taste 
Drinking is no longer the answer. - Drinking too much is certainly the problem. 
fell off the wagon last night with delicious European street and Abita beer. again this morning with free panera bagels for breakfast. 
@calvinko it's pretty good. You literally can't make anything bad with it. Should have gotten you that instead of the wine chiller. 
really wanted to go to the bars tonight! 
Going 2 bed drank too much juice got a belly ache  goodnight!
@tweenkle77 I haven't seen a cigar bar here in ages  I understand the banning smoking in public places, but they closed the smoke bars too
@essential_e I'm sorry you had a bad day. Sucks about your wine glass, too! 
@tromboneforhire lol very true...at times i wish i liked beer b/c its cheep...i just cant get used to the taste 
@enchantedquill no wine either 
Sitting under the beer pong table bc we lost 
had fun at dinner with @keva_miller and @inblutime but that hurricane drink gave me a headache 
I just broke a brand new bottle of vodka 
@AshleighRyder I knooww  &amp; my hot water bottle iss in whangamata without me. ahhhhh
@ghozali actually I'd prefer a rum or gin but don't have have any as I've preferred them too much previously 
Too broke for cigarettes. 
Beer in the fridge 
@CristaltheGreat  ok Cristal we gonna tweet talk again when its not so late...just follow sweetie....tweethug 4 ya
@RedBaff no wine here - I don;t drink  - but I have have plenty of forbidden cholocate
I thought there was more Fanta in my can than there was 
@RedBaff alright - was only joking - I just said no wine here  - fool me maybe? - I don;t like drinking
@changhee07 i have cigs but no lighter. 
I'm currently feeling the wrath of too much alcohol consumption 
@SeanHughes it is  tequila never ends up being a good decision.
@mrpandora I got a headache because of all the hard work today, still not ready, with a #Heineken trying to finished up 
@swingsandpretty tip 2 : at the very least make sure the bottle top is on securely and tightly... 
http://twitpic.com/66o7z - Yep. Drank Bawls this morning  ... No more Bawls for me. This will be my last.
@runpaintrunrun @wordsnfixtures not Pimm's in a can? 
Alcohol makes me tired. And I miss and want him so much. It hurts 
I think I'm gonna try to go vegetarian again....and no soda and majorly cutback on beer...too many carbs....but its so yummyyy 
@SquireX6 harrump gagging for beer, noone wants to play 
Just tried an energy drink to report back for you guys, and im sweating and have the worst cramps. I want to lie down 
 i think i need a drink
really am sorry becauseI was looking forward to it.. thought itd be fun  and u wanted to hear it.Iowe u a beer.
At the pub with the dog but seems to have misplaced friend with drinks 
ughhh! this is the third bottle of foundation I've broken 
I want to get super pretty  and i want a cig 
Being attacked with cola..... all sticky 
Car-warmed Sprite tastes like sore throat 
@djhazzard whoa... if the alcohol won't get you buzzed... the price will 
Alcohol  toncilitus  but alcohol cancels it out 
I feel like drinking wine, but I don't have any. 
@samchannah @juliedeborah Beer is an excellent excuse. Earlier i was sweating god knows how much! Not looking forward to working tomorrow 
@loveyoumoreMJ unfortunately I'm not drunk enough lol and have no money to get drunk  I have had alot though as u can imagine haha
am now wearing the other half of the glass of sparking wine 
@JammieAdams No you are not having my favorite drink without me  lol
Should not drink cheap wine 
@mikeziemer you traitor  whiskey and coke is my aphrodisiac
is trying to deny that she's beginning to miss him -- more and more, each and every single day that their apart  ... i need Sprite! HAHA!
No Patron  but I got Disaronno instead
@cwbuddha  drinking white wine Sangria in your name.
My rums! I think my daddy drank it. 
@19fischi75 think i need more beers now! 
I'm out of coke, you guys.  
@dbella1985 alcohol will freeze, just has to be super cold. I had vodka that was frozen by liquid nitrogen... It wasn't good 
At mehanata, a turkish bar on lower east side complete with hookah and live band... But no cigar smoking 
@PotterEntourage aww...headache  I hope you feel better soon or at least that the alcohol kicks in quickly!
@zomb1etron I'm drinking white wine right now 
@cairn4 mmmmmm I need a beer now 
no gin...drinking vodka tonic. just not the same  
...There is mold inthe hookah... 
Going to the bar... any bar! 
A little drunk and want to cuddle 
@JIGLY_UMBAY lol drink a drink for me, I'm in the crib on a fridayyy  waaahhh!!
 the bottle's empty
@HiddenErin glass of wine where my crush works, but he was no where in sight. 
Holy shit tonight was horrible...and I don't even have any beer left 
My hubby is out having sushi and drinks while I work tonight...  
Had to get a lame fruit punch Slurpee because the Coke flavour was all watery   
@earAsol damn I'm jealous! I only had a beer 
I lost my buzz....my dad had me on a 2 drink maximum!! 
saying goodbye to the best bartender on the island = sad;  Drinking all night with a $0 tab= awesome....sometimes it pays to be a regular
(4 x champagne) + (2 x rum n coke) made me a screamer on the dancefloor, literally. I think I scared away the boys 
Several beers turned into a lot of beers and now ma heeed hurts !!! 
http://twitpic.com/68w4d -  I miss drinkin coke.
Anyone ever had the Darth Vader cocktail: Vodka,Gin,Tequila,Triple sec, Rum &amp; Jaegermeister. You might not feel so great the next day 
ordered pizza.... have to wait 45mins for it....   no alcohol absorption for me just yet..
@kitti11 Drink alcohol  and have one for me.....I am having another sober night 
@namakemono49 I probably wouldn't like them, then I would be stuck with Lucozade tablets that I don't like. 
Having a drink at Spoons. An hour till food arrives. 
That car journey nearly finished me off! Wine gives me the worst hangovers 
.@nn7 i don't have a beer 
I feel terrible today! Alcohol is a nasty drug 
Oh no. no more wine.  need to go out and get more! my precious! Chablis it will be ;)
goin to the yard sale  very pooped hahahah malikky likky i need an energy drink
@ChrisPitcher the very thought of beer makes me feel sick! 
Just had a drink that taste like fermented turpentine 
going to sit in the sun... in a beer garden... and not drink beer 
@whiskey_kitten That is so sad. 
damn, a Belgian brewery lost 100.000 bottles of Lambic due to overheating problems. Such a shame 
Foot feeling better  But no more beer or other yeasty stuff  But lots of icecream and cake :-D
I should no longer drink cheap wine 
@whiskey_kitten So sad.   How does one dispose of 20 beached pilot whales??
ok back home and drinkng a bottle of cold pear cider, I feel sooo very tired but glad I missed the match I hate football 
:O i never had my creaming soda at creaming soda hour  im so going to creaming soda hour hell 
maybe drinking vodka and brandy at the same day is really BAD for me.. i just suffer the consequences.. 
@pmicka drink one for me. I miss them so badly. 
@54m5_ I wasn't in the library today   I am sorry.  I just want to finish now, especially with this weather.  Beers, lads, beers after?
I HATE not having a garden. I want to chill down in the evening sunshine with a cold beer and a salad.  
dont mix alcohol and boiling water - my arm is burnt 
i hate public drunkenness and not knowing how bad it was 
Still away...  tho have just made new friends over Pimms &amp; have seared scallops on order  woo hoo
I just poured vodka on myself! what a waste 
@cholebosser i woke up @ 12. felt so delish to sleep in past 5am! yeee gurr! have fun servin bottles 2nyt while i pop bottles  mezu
@SalocinHB  slainte! *takes last sip of prosecco* empty now 
Playing water pong with two cups 
Just had coke spilled all over us 
Oh dear! Drank way too much last night @ mr &amp; mrs Churns wedding. Just managed to hold down my first meal of boiled rice. 
@RichardHull ooh, me too.... just woke up lol - don't even feel like drinking my wine now 
What's the point in a beer garden If you don't let people in it  whiskey fuelled stoopid pub rant
i don't know whether to drink my Baileys and ice or pour it over my burnt shoulders! 
I'm not complaining but why do I always play the dead bar 
Too full of fizz but not enough cider 
@chalandrea have fun! have a drink or 6 for me!!! I'm sadly not drinking tonight! 
rum is gone  .. what to do?
@cursedbyevil  Never get drunk again then...
Things about being a med student that I don't like #1: Drinking my chamomile tea, I imagined it was pee and mentally examined the sample. 
Ugly children eating icecream; should be a bylaw against it 
needs a drink really badly 
waaaaaaaaaaah have a Cristal induced headache that just won't go away 
picking up a bottle of wine for tonight at schuber's &amp; and missing mary-morgan! 
@Boddingtons So now you left me!  
So much beer so little time. Beer festival is over. 
@stephaniehowell booooooooo.    but yay for margaritas ;)
http://twitpic.com/6as6d - I dunno which bumper sticker you mean, you can link it for me  I miss the Pepsi ball of the 80s 
I wanna get a black kitty so I can name it Merlot to go with my white dog named Chardonnay but hubs wont let me!    Not fair!
@allieoi my glass of wine failed me too 
has pizza, but no beer 
I miss the underage feeling 
@CornerstoneNapa I'm back up, but I don't have any wine.  
I got almost all the way to work when I realized that I forgot my milk bottles.  
I has migraine. I think it was compounded by the beer (v good, Moosehead). I haven't drunk beer in a while which is prob why 
has been banned from drinking sodas 
my twitter app didn't work all day  ... was out winetasting and found an amazing Sparkling Moscato
@srealpe sip 
@cynicalvillain I wish! You didn't give me my drink though! 
I wish i could play beer pong  sad dayyy...
because of transfer of flavor thus making it 49 flavors......... How gay 
And then thebirthday ended badly with me alone In a bar 
Living on my own = Pepsi for dinner  but oddly 
Correction...no brew 
@itsdarryldsmith *slight whine* I was looking forward to this Pepsi since yesterday 
cut my cheek with my drink cup 
2 frindge eps, 2 glasses of wine... 1 eps to go, no wine left 
@lisey greasy popcorn and $5 bottles of water.  
My dog just drank the last of my glass of wine. 
so... had margaritas tonight... it was alright... i'm just tired 
Trying not to hurt @kelsbells feelings, but the mojito is in the tiki mug. 
@UndiscovedStar no drinks.. just achess...  and u hung up on me earlier!
All this beer, brad whittle, and no location. 
@_veritas I want to get drunk too 
@CousinJustin  What number beer are you on?
@joeymcintyre Peroni girls r about to cry thinkin about ur last concert-when reunion is over.    NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
@Suebots I have no license til weds. I'd love to but have no way to get there and don't want to risk driving if I have a drink 
At the bar not drinking though so not having much fun 
Theres a hole in my beer  its dripping
just drank too much creaming soda 
@christophr_p sorry sorry sorry  Drink a bunch and sing a song for me! Then give everyone a kiss for me haha.
I have the pre menstrual munchies 
Feeling insomniatic. I shouldn't have drank one and a half cup of coke today!  i wanna sleep already...
i really need to quit smoking. i wish i had more willpower. 
@JenIngram I drank 5 beers, and now at 5 a.m. I still feel like I been to a funeral 
an u really blame it on the booze ? 
@jeddman share your connections with me. im sitting here with my nachos and diet coke and youre sitting in a spa with scotch and coke 
I seriously can't sleep..a glass or two of wine would b so good right now 
@gaseousbrain if you're anything like me, never. I should not cheat on rum with wine cos I get battered the next day 
@drink_feck_arse that requires precision aim and i don't trust myself to get it first time, i'll just make it angry 
ah, my mistake. the glass is empty.  but I iss failry sure there's a bottle with more about somewhere
Not feeling good. The last beer was just bad 
@skulls13 lol that sucks. ive pretty much been up all nite. would've been up for 6 o clock beer. 
@itsatimemachine I had 2 have a few drinks in me first 2 work up the courage 
wow the bar moves sosososo slowly 
@_veritas you SHOULD have drunk tweeted. I would have enjoyed reading them! 
@daveyboy629 working  and after that prolly coming back and finishing this drink on my dresser that i keep lookin at lol
my coke is flat 
Just proved mums around the world correct, by drinking out of the bottle and spilling it down his front 
wishes i could go to bear paw and drink on innertubes 
@rocksolidhair If I had another pint, I would! This is my last pint 
@NiaBassett  uch have a wee drink x
The shop had no alcopops, don't really feel like vodka. 
@collierchin sun &amp; champagne, not a good combo. 
@kbayybayy I miss you!!...u drank without me 
Alcohol gives me nightmares 
The Bacardi's all gone 
Vodka + Skittles = best drink I've had in a while ;) finally back to reality today  hope everyone had a good weekend!
@Gorillamonk I'm about to look at your edits now.. wish i had boxers and a beer...  
Getting hot and bothered in a bakery when I should be in a beer garden 
is eating pizza, it smells like beer which is bad because i have a very bad hangover 
just listened to heregoesnothing and wanted to play tap tap with tomato 
Meeting @venussantos for drinks....sooo much traffic 
Just ran out of Beer ! NOOOOOooooooo  someone bring me 24 pack I'll cook for you ;)
So, I am thinking that I should not have drank so much lastnight...still hungover 
just discovered a glass of pepsi has been spilt on my bed and dresser  have to clean that up tomorrow
@RonDance lol its a bar and they have $2 drinks, shots, &amp; beer tonight. But ok 
but mixed 2 many diff kinds of alcohol so I had alcohol poisonin 
@spionchen Lol, was I speaking incorrect English again?  What I meant is we had drinks outside a cafe.
@Kelserrr not the one ailment that wine won't cure! i'm sorry. that's wack 
Yay my sis just joined me &amp; tiff outside still no beer. 
@miajess03 aw man i want tacos and beer!  
Thanks hun, problem is, its not them its me. Ineed to re-locate my self-esteem  Alcohol doesnthelp.
There goes my caffine buzz 
@serious_skeptic she swears that it tastes great, can't even taste the vodka. I passed on a trial taste 
@justinvolcom spilled beer is never good.  (via @ashleyelainee) tell me about it!!!
Kahlua must have eaten something she wasn't supposed to...  http://apps.facebook.com/catbook/profile/view/5420079
remembering now why I don't drink white wine - ouwie.... 
Why do I drink energy drinks at midnight? 
I forgot that the damn liquor store closes sunday, no cocktails tonight 
i love my girlss on IPA3.. 2 weeks more for this togetherness 
@yellow_roses really missed you today. we had lots of fun and spent too much money. drank too much diet Pepsi thus not sleeping now 
@bobbythomas1 aww..am a bit gutted i missed your msgs last night  was fast asleep in my bed w/visions of Moet&amp;Chandon dancing in my head
Feeling quesy this morning. Drinking lots cuz I'm thinking maybe dehydration. Ugh. I thought I drank enough after that workout. 
@MikeyPiff   u should have drank hot milk..
too hot, and the coke machine is out of coke 
@UrbanInformer  maybe you'll feel better by 2nite. Drink some ginger ale
@rainwriterjones Hated that one bottle was corked. It was a 1988 wine which had a drinking window until 2013.  
Thanks hun, problem is, its not them its me. Ineed to re-locate my self-esteem  Alcohol doesnthelp.
Vending machine at work is out of Dasani water... boo 
@caffeinator eat! and sleep! not in that order, but certainly makes u happier. alcohol &amp; cigs are depressants.  sadly.
@BigDaws It's a bit on the sticky side this evening, would like sit on patio with cold beer but the fridge is beer less 
@LonoSG But I dont have enough beer. 
I really fancy some more beer garden/heavy drinking action! Probably wouldn't help tomorrows revision plan though 
The one drink machine ate my money, and the other one's being just plain rude. 
Jealous! @aplusk , I want beer, but I don't want a yeast infection  new monroe piercing + beer before it is fully heald = All bad 
@incrediblesteve I wish I was i a beer garden 
i need like two bottles of water, im sooooo fckin thirsty 
@CounterBurger haha the first tweet said 'non-alcoholic beverage' guess no more milk shakes 
@ryantabora beers? haha when I'm 21 honey...in about a year. 
@megmacleod pink champagne!!: *huff* how did i miss that??!   haha
I think i drank too much soda... 
Now am feeling sad with the wine, not giggly anymore 
@stevenleedawson I missed the vodka and chinese food? what?!?!?! 
I have to take pee test but after two bottles of vitamin water I still can't go. 
holy shit i am so tempted to just take a sip out of all the vodka bottles i see downstairs 
My wine fridge quit working a few days ago...  Frankly I forgot about it until I wanted wine 
Now im sad my cool as water bottle broke . . 
i still have beer shits 
has Wine flu...aka a hangover 
I love candy cigarettes but I'm pretty sure they're illegal now  @nazubritsky
@ohallquist our beer pong table was stolen 
Oh! Out of bunderberg  Drinking Lemon Lime and bitters instead . . .
@modernheart haha Phones just dont seem to go off when alcohol is around 
@priminotelli gin+tonic! i hate u so bad 
Since &quot;he&quot; has a presentation to finalize its just me, my movie, my taco cabana tacoz, and Chardonnay....   work den play. But it sux 
Fmlll i just spiilled my drink everywhere and got my whole bed wet 
@jonconnelly That's a great deal! I usually can't get a single bottle for $30. 
Note to self: Drinking an entire 32 oz. Gatorade causes frequent trips to the little girls room. I'll never drink so much Gatorade again! 
I want Pimms!! 
@lrz Actually I find Duvel over there at the liquor store (SAQ). But I have negative budget 
Hey @patty_la chales siempre llego tarde   (patty_la live &gt; http://ustre.am/1Ale)
@BrowncoatJay I miss high percentage beers already 
@hannuhhhx3 I just ate &amp; drank 
...and I'm stick behind a man buying a bottle of beer with no barcode 
@irasistible oh no! Drink lotsa fluids and see the doc if it gets worse! Its a bad time to be sick 
@baxiabhishek I don't mind Coke but only Pepsi available in office 
Awww, what the fuck?  I'm on my last beer.  
@aparajuli no jugs of beer unfortunately  but we have over 40 kinds in the bottle!
@sexinstilettos i want a drink too 
Tooo many free drinks.... 
@s2art I was expecting to see beer... I don't see beer 
@alohanico SO many people spilled beer, drinks and such on me... i hate being so small in crowds 
really am sorry becauseI was looking forward to it.. thought itd be fun  and u wanted to hear it.Iowe u a beer.
@LUCKYMAN101 haha there were no drinks to been seen ! i was Parched! tried to find some one that would sell us one..  
beer had his balls removed.. he's so quiet and sad now 
@ktoint83 if your having wine, have a glass of rose for me - am on antibiotics so not allowed  booooo!
I just bought a Diet Coke with the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics logo on it  Coke vendor fail!
Tequila, you bastard. 
fell back asleep after the gym thus didn't get to go to whole foods, so no kombucha drink today 
The dogs are eating EGGS for breakfast because Merlot's daddy wont bring food home for her.    
Only cheap vodka in the freezer  Wyboro come back to me!
@NimlokLI I don't think I can serve alcohol  But good thought!
@JacksCaps Mojitos are on the menu this evening, so I will do just that! Wish you could join us, though. 
@SchuggaJoy  I am jealous. I am eating a hotdog....no wine 
and still has not yet gotten a drink. 
Sugar free Redbull and peanut m&amp;ms. But, no wifey @niki_cole to share them with. 
Close, but no cigar 
Just what I need hanging out with my friends that have been with me since middle school . Drinking to forget the problems 
Bout to go to the bar and drink my problems away since I have no one to tell them to lol..... 
@astyles101 the only alcoholic drink I like is tequila/margarita. I wish I cud get the same flavor as a non-alcoholic drink. 
YAY for @kasey79.  No drinking while stalking for you.   lol
@AmyHamm drinking beer, sorry, I failed  I'll drink nothing but water for 24 hrs. (starting now) to make it up, as soon as I finish this
finshed my mars bar 
I'm real sad my $4 beer just became my new perfume 
Out of my favorite rum.  http://radar.net/c/eBCl
@sshpriv and here I was expecting the energy drink.... I'm so disappointed 
@jameslove8 I need sleep, but I am still doing assets and I need to be at the brew for 10:30. 
@radradrad  I will totally buy you a drink for your bday, I just can't do it tonight.
@poetikjustiss though that could be from the exercise I can still feel it, and that could be why the drink made me feel sick 
@athialis i wish i had some wine 
I need 1000 words on why nation-states are problematic pronto! I want to go to the pub for @redcurrypaste's goodbye drinks. 
out of smokes and broke as a mothafuckerrr 
sitting at home watching  TV  not feeling so good, drinking hot chocolate 
decided against going to port80 tonight. too wet and windy   although I still want beer and pizza...
I made the mistake of drinking Coke on an empty stomach and now I feel like I'm going to shit myself or die. Or both. It hurts. 
I just choked on a bitesize snickers bar 
is ill and trying to get some rest and drinks lots of fluids 
only has green skittles left 
damn it. my friend broke our drinking glass. 
Eating Fizzy Cola Bottles which is soo badd 
@laurajane29 I fall over in killer heels   Or is that the drink!! LOL
@MsLafay water?? Or a a a a alcohol? Lol I had a wine cooler last nite but I don't normally! I think its the weather too 
Almost ready to sell comics. But, I left my giant Diet Coke in the car. 
@jfitzth2 haha. energy drinks are pure sugar and caffine, i can see how you could crash and have bad effects 
Wow...a customer just said she understood why a Coke rep was shot..because she hates the customer service...just hateful  
@kryssitheboss shoot i wish i can drink cant mix my meds wit alcohol 
my fridge is borked; hot cans of pop  
@visik7 really?? me too, but not because I have a choice...  I miss cold beer...and sambuca in my coffee 
i could kill a beer right now but unfortunatly have to swim shortly.  and 
yummy.. just had sweet &amp; sour chicken, could do with a nice Chardonnay, however thats not advisable when facing a 12 hour shift 
That'll be one frozen solid bottle of wine in the fridge then.....bugger 
@collective_soul Guinness, I miss it! They don't sell it here! 
Lol watching this movie they in the club popping bottles of skyy vodka 2 funnythats ballin?, I remember when I use to drink the goodtimes 
@Sexxyindividual nurse bartender...I miss you.. 
Out of beer 
@missjames Yes. I went to a concert and came home with pant cuffs soaked in beer 
@backseatsurfer9 sinus pain + nyquil + LOTS Vodka + no food = very drunkth megs who still misses her terra 
@ChexK Yay gin! I guess they'd both rather have Ashes instead ^^ mm'kay, I think I need a beta though  paranoid over capital lettersnshit.
Watching the telly as I am not allowed to go out and have a drink 
i need some beer 
hold up..... where did my beer badge go? 
@ShropshirePixie Defo - my red wine empty   Pimms good replacement.
@hethur240  few bottles of vodka?
@JudyObscure careful  @MellyStark says it goes straight to the thighs.  I don't drink wine so what's my excuse 
@TessdeJong I only just read it  I was at Amstel, next time we'll text!!
out of gin  boooooo #niclovesgin
@jeffgrant i have wine too but im home alone so not drinking it! 
@mickie33lou &amp; @Champers4u How lucky, u get to watch sd! before i 
I can't have caffine  @waxingpoetic75 A drink that you have been horribly deprived of since birth. http://www.cheerwinecorp.com/ ...
No Money, No Beer 
@insertcotku But who always ate the Diet Coke and crackers we left him?  (our family is weird, don't ask...)
car just died!  tonight: amherst, a huge amount of russian 8% abv lager
@fountain1987 u never reply to me mr fountain!  i feel rather rejected. do u live in leeds? i met u in belfast on the doi tour x
Here once stood coolers full of FREE H2o, v8, Coke, Pepsi, MtDew, DrPepper, &amp; Sprite. As of today, no more   http://twitpic.com/6p6l6
@superfro432 I do not, however, have any booze.  Sads.
wtF? y are coke cans so small?!?! same goes for Starbucks glass bottles this makes me upset 
@_MiKaL_ not full effect actually my tolerance of beer has gotten quite high surprisingly LOL but I do miss him 
@robyfitzhenry smoking is bad for you. 
sitting in the bathtub drinking a beer, its just one of those nights 
@SUBSONIX I want wine 
@firstwifeofwu plus $11 for drink and popcorn ( I'm at the movies too) I think it will put me in the poor house 
@RosieReaper I'm not a fan of energy drinks.  Might have to go grab coffee soon, haha
just tried my first mojito... not a fan 
@blondyRMT because beer does not = fitness. 
i work sunday so i gota watch the lakers ownin at work  i wish i could have drank a beer to toast with them
@nikkiann0100, i wish i knew before this. i have to drink it. or its such a waste of tequila 
Beer of the day: it will be Skol 
@anamolly can't drink beer - allergic to it 
@Sportchick8 I'm out of beer. 
My plans were to bullshit n have a few drinks wit u but YOUUUU have been super busy ...  @SuperwomanAK
no more beers 
i keep failing @ the lighter opening beer trick 
drank tap water. i don't think it was a good idea 
@lanotoriaLIZ no beer in my fridge. 
Just realized that in my haste to leave the bar I never closed my tab...I'm an air-headed drinker 
@Rondhi drinking?? without me??  lol
Hanging on the couch while the boys write in the office. Out of wine and beer 
@nodgarb no fair! There's no beer here 
@l6ve MMMEEEE the hell too!!! it was like all root beer and it was only half full 
drank soda so i cant sleep 
@whatEZit, I lost the top to the green tumbler you got me  
I lost in circle of death  gotta drink a damn beer, well chug it
emhen29; bahahha i'm lovin vodka tonight too... &amp; 151 vapor shots ;) too bad no drunken noodle in minneapolis   
@vsolana awww  alka seltzer to the rescue!
If i dont get a drink soon i will die  must stay hydrated
@db0y8199 I'm not drunk lol I drove couldn't drink like I wanted  I only had 1 an I'm not a light weight..
yay for free beer!  boo to it being kona longboard 
trying not to get pregnant like duryan ... lol no drinking for me 
@MythosEngineer  Drink some tea, wrap yourself in a blanket, whatever. Just get better.
....ugh drink....hungover 
ive almost finished my litre bottle of wine  ...now what can i do....
@varunshridhar EXTREMELY!! we missed the complimentary drinks 
I haven't thrown up from alcohol since september. booo i messed up the streak 
@IAMLAURENC goose, lemonade &amp; a slushie that i got on campus lol. that &amp; some long islands. i drove tho so i didnt get to drink them 
Drank WAAAAAY too much last night  work in 40 minutes =/
The dude next to me smells like a bottle of dirty pirate rum... Pretty sure he's still drunk from last night... 
@devon314 not that i don't think they're presh, but i have seen them 90 times and also they threw a bottle of juice at me once 
I need some Joose! 
@DIGGIDY456 my drink ??? 
@bojesha Lol I'm only sorry that I can't get drunk with you 
@kmdevito i'm at home, so no more drinkies, i have no apple to go with my vodka 
@fido_and_wino Unfortunately due to wine shipping laws, it is not   I'm sorry. 
its quiet...I want an energy drink.. 
@thelithopedion remember your not allowed any glass bottles!  it's a pain having to pour all your drinkies in to plastic ones! hehhh!
With higthened level of sparkling wine I am becoming more and more lustful. In-laws #boobs are increasingly sexy. Pity .... 
@epicflailer *gulps* you are teeeeeasing me. it is not nice 
back to setting tobacco soon I guess... 
1 pint canadian mist whiskey + 12 bud lights = my head hurts 
@dontforgetchaos What the coke's cheating on the rhum  poor rhum, and what about the orange juice and the vodka ?!?!?!?
@greekfood mythos is the only beer I like, shame I can't get it over here 
some stupid person has poured me a glass of cider! I'm doomed 
@RickyAnderson  really wish I was there!!! So glad you had fun. Definitely called your drunk behind.
Almost finished ikea-ing the pool. Also finished -almost- all 6 crates of beer 
Opening a wee bottle of Malbec, purely for medicinal reasons, not feeling too grand this weekend 
is still not feeling too good  ...maybe i need another drink to recover fully? ;)
@db0y8199 I'm not drunk lol I drove couldn't drink like I wanted  I only had 1 an I'm not a light weight.. http://is.gd/QAAp
@db0y8199 I'm not drunk lol I drove couldn't drink like I wanted  I only had 1 an I'm not a light weight.. http://is.gd/QAAp
Looks like I'm going to have a permanent scar from Baileys scissor stab 
I'm finally recovering from last nigt! Champagne patron and vodka...I was askin for it 
@x_maricca_x i don't have any alcohol 
@zHundred would like a hamburger and liquor but i dont wanna look lost by being there 
no welchs grape soda 
@db0y8199 I'm not drunk lol I drove couldn't drink like I wanted  I only had 1 an I'm not a light weight.. http://is.gd/QAAp
@laurelkleinn don't drink too much wine and have too much fun without me 
@bergauer thanks. i was hoping to recover with a fun happy hour, but i guess i'll just go drink a bottle of wine by myself 
i wanted to play beer pong again but i didn't  so i'm still wanting
Sitting drinking Guinness in the hostel bar (with their 96 decibel sound system) Would have vastly preferred the 80s bar though 
i accidentally turned the garbage disposal on and my wine stopper got shredded 
ironing  and sippin this mojito 
drunk a sip coca cola... now i have got tummy-ache... 
@phillyfoxx That definitely helped! Unfortunately they've already run out of vodka. No more appletinis 
@websiteowner yeh I'm not to bothered I'm sure I'll get rid of it, just means I won't be staying over now so no drinking! 
Just got friji milkshake everywhere!! 
@ofkitchensinks MUCH more delicious. I passed the nasty beer onto my parents, but the taste is lingering   
@gingin : maybe gin , i still remember and loving him .. Now, i only hope gin 
In indy tailgaiting w/o adult beverages 
Bout to have a margarita withOUT my drinking buddy 
Just got booze spilled on her. 
@RobertHay my favorite!! Couldn't afford Heineken this week, had to go with Coors Light  
So no drinkies 
I hate when I go to a restaurant and the only thing that's good are the drinks and I only had water 
@sbonnin scott just arrived w the gin/tonics - miss you 
@gizmoalex LOL, Guinness scares you? Why?! :p I'm doing okay, just mourning the death of my PC earlier today! 
is sick. no bars tonight... 
Walking through the state loadsa glass 
There's no booze at this anniversary celebration. 
@laurasheaclark I wish.  The soda machine is still broken so somebody got desperate.  Or two did since I had two of them. 
just spilled my drank 
@amf7 I really, really though about going out and picking up some beer, but I waited to long 
@coachbear Yumcha fell by the side of the road  Drinking girly liquers til 2am will do that to you...
I want a cigarette...stupid non-smoking. 
doesn't feel well  alcohol is a bully !
wants some Orangina 
@beawise  drives me to drink...or its just that i like beer
getting blown out by 5 and having 100+ bottles of wine in the house is not a good combination 
@shoefanatic614 my mother loves to say champagne on a beer budget, that's me 
really wants to have beers tonight! 
@sofiamaria I seem to be suffering from the opposite, too little beer. 
cursing the man who smashed my hard drive into corruption with a Perrier bottle, since it's been replaced it hasn't been the same 
@snshyne7 Awwe  I'm so sorry! I hope it all settles down really quick and you can grab a glass of wine.
the cashier forgot to ring up my wine... worse, she forgot to bag it 
@Jennatea6591 is that because cubans can't afford alcohol? 
@crystalwatkins I hate beer. 
@imadedinner Some skanky bar. Like really skanky with cigarette smoke 
And god do I really want a beer right now, but I can't have one 
1 glass of wine &amp; im already done for the night. i feel so tired 
@hardtosayone like that i lose out? i buy for u the snickers bar before. 
is bored and outta beer!!! 
so tired and hung over  damnnn alcohol ahahha
makers mark, rocks and a new castle on tap... not one thing wrong with this picture. except I am now out of drink tickets 
Faded off of one drink...I'm really a lightweight now  although, it was a martini...my fave!!
I am tooOo drunk aa 
Bowling was boring. The beer was good. I miss my hubs 
@petewentz some of us upstairs need comped drinks 
I pickd a shitty drink  &quot;you're sheltered sophia&quot; but island root beer sounded good  but darkrumabita craft root beer and housemade
is enjoying a beer... wants to go back to the rocks sometime soon  Loooove it!
I lost at beer pong 
left my beer in the freezer too long and now it's beer-slushy  
@GrantSalvona 2 Guiness and a couple of sips of spiced rum and coke is enough to make me feel rough these days 
i want strawberry milkshake!!!!! 
ralf just had steak but no beer..... yay for being healthy 
drank too much coffee 
@drunkenfools I'm starting to wonder if you and your liver are about to have a bar fight - broken bottles at 10 paces!  
So so tired! Drinking chai latte then I'll be off to sleep. I wanna go home already 
I think I drinked too much soda 
@eidismile I'm sorry you're not feeling well  drink lots of water and sleep it off!
@ninjamoeba still in the bottle 
spending my last euros, drinking my last beers and packing. I dont want to leave 
i ran out of champagne......  i wonder if i call my brother i could convince him to bring me up a bottle....
Wish I had some more beer to watch the tennis with. I'm all out 
sometimes its hard to let go of your previous water bottle. lol. But really. 
I probably shpuld not be drinking lemonade, but it's the only non-lactose drink in the house. somehow we are out of tea 
@Poweesy Vodka is bad for sweetcandy15....so very baaaaddd.  I think I will stick with gin...
is suffering from red wine 
i dropped a bottle of my fav perfume and it broke 
@laurenmacdonald it was from a bottle 
@2stepp i want 10 cocktails!!!!! hahahaa. i miss it too  this is pish.
I'm eating orginal style beer nuts (which are just normal peanuts you're supposed to have with beer? maybe?) and attempting chem 
I just put Rubbing Alcohol on an open cut that I got from fucking WalMart  and it really hurts - fml !
@gleepface  I'd get drunk with you 
i really want some wine, but there is none . and i got kicked out of the pub friday, big 
@cosmopaulitan oh no  but more importantly was it full of alcohol for you? If so I'm sooo sorry!!!! If not waiter can bring a new glass ;)
That's it no beer left..  http://twitpic.com/6uh13
I have no coke 
Everythings in slow motion  I hate you alcohol
@executiverocker How do you knoe about my immense alcohol consumption  I still feel rough!
@twixie09 ahha, i got yelled at by my parents for that once but there weren't any soda's cuz i drank em all... i want a soda 
Powerade and vodka not a good mix 
I think I'm going to brave sonic by myself...I want a slushie. 
cakes and beer = poorly belly 
Feeling pretty good buy almost out of beer. 
Why isn't there a drink that can knock me in a coma?  I'm much safer when I sleep. 
@cinderellahhhh i dont like skittles though  they make me sneeezy
I just broke my favourite martini glass 
@botgirlq  ... or good food and drink 
there was a soothie n the blender an i was all excited an i got some and took 2drinks of it before i figured out it was a vodka cocktail 
awww...boo just realized beer i was drinking isnt vegan! 
@Tamline I've been off the beer as well,  still on medication! We're letting the club down  #bombaylightweightclub
puts the wine back 
@Supacheez is it possible to have enough beer? haha jk. they started running out when i went.  but i was dd. so i barely sipped them
Drank more caffeinated tea, fell asleep again... something is seriously not right here    fml
I want a milkshake 
home from the camp, the cats loved it, but we found out that Guinness gets car sick 
I'm running out of Lucozade.  someone buy me some?
So if your opening happiness with coca-cola, then your opening apathy with generic cola 
I thought a an early morning Mojito would help me fall asleep but its having the opp. effect and I need 2 b up at 6am 
hitting a all time low drinking my wine outta a martini glass ... I'm too short to reach the right glass 
@jenn_lynnM I think we will most definitely need to go out for drinks. 
i'm going to make cookies singin' potential breakup song without @Pepsi_girl, and that sucks 
@joycecherrier yah i mean i feel good-no cola no booze but i also feel more stressed 
eeeek no beer in the fridge. 
@SarahLuv well I'm afraid the drinking is what caused it..I'm drinking lots of H2O. But its just not as fun as beer. 
@Muzzzza nope  but i stole an asahi glass yesterday from a pub  i need some beer to pour in it
I forgot how horrible tequila is. 
I want a margarita 
@Mnmissy It's a pretty big bottle.  the vodka is gone though  I like it better than rum.
This is a small drink right?..no..its a frosty 
#iremember drinking coke and spilling it all over my keyboard. 
@ihtstiffani whitegummy? is that a drink?! sounds so goood. i know, its so far away  but it will come so fast. about 2 more months!
The effect of alcohol is short lived and we've finished it all off already 
going to bed drunk and lonely 
@fueledbylyrics I want to have a laugh attack that's not induced by weed or alcohol 
is finally got through all check points and starts stroll to the gate to fly out. I grabbed an Aquafina water bottle for $2.80 
@DivineStorm that would be nice.. any beverage would since i'm way thirsty 
On first break. Drinking tea without suger. There is no coffee 
@HollyHopper i ran out of tequila 
@bizlike  ran out of tequila
pouring some whiskey 
Why is the coke *always* gone? 
Working, who would of thunk it? 2 many liters of beer last night. 
i seriously need to give up smoking 
just realising that 250ml of milkshake isn't really that much when it comes down to it 
@aherne148 shame  you'd have enjoyed it.  maybe an icecream or a beer or two!
I wish I hadn't tried that cherry wine last night 
Has got back from holiday!!  and allready wants to go away again to sunbathe and drink cocktails! x
i can't even look at food or alcohol atm........urgh 
Overdosed on Pimms and &quot;Vitamin D&quot; yesterday. Consequently I feel like shite today, being a persistent hangover with a touch of sun burn 
@threesheeps you mean I left before the bar opened... that is just not right... 
@nickjfrost they should make a breakfast/Guinness hybrid. Guinness Marmite was lovely but not available any more 
I think I have ocd, I'm addicted to &quot;Notorious&quot; the movie , CocaCola and mtv.com 
@kklinker too much delicious beer? 
Why can't I still be lying on the beach in my trackies, with my beer, bowl of popcorn, and pile of trashy tabloids?  I hate Mondays!!
going for some pub grub and a beer later its back to work tom  x
is misssing cola 
I have no diet Pepsi --&gt;     I tried to quit Pepsi by switching to green tea but everything has ginseng in it and I am allergic to that.
daaaaaa! why is it monday  officially starting to load up on energy drinks!
Drank too much last night 
@WithinRafael I feel your pain. I wanted a Coke Slurpee, but they were all out. Had to settle for a Pepsi one.   
Too much drinking  too many wizards
Really need a pint 
Nothing sounds remotely appetizing for lunch. I think I have a NoDoz hangover - I feel like garbage!! 
@lisa_otto  I need a drink
@jennsbookshelf   **passing virtual glass of wine**
@andersad My roommates and I had intended to make Skittles Vodka for months, but Skittles are hard to come by in Europe. 
I need a drink...is it too early for that? 
this thunderstorm is treacherous! drinking tea is calming my nerves 
Sitting in a safety forum...the herbert's chocolate bars are on a different table. 
@mattduplessis why didn't you have such good whiskey when we hung out 
Just saw some blue moon beer 
damnit missing another wine tasting... 
@ElexisKababitch Redbull isnt good for you 
I need a drink 
having a glass of 16 yr bushmills. irish, not scottish but ever so nice. only one glass left in the bottle now though 
@WFMWineGuys Local laws prohibit beer and wine in the same market, so local whole foods store doesn't carry wine. 
drinking brakspear back in abingdon for the night - I miss good beer in bath 
sparkly water is so good. but so not worth drinking too much of it 
fully connected ... miss the time of billiard tables and beer 
Wishing I could have a beer... 
@vmartinart I'm all for that! It looks like alcohol really did some of them in...literally.  #dekooning
@nickolaswheeler No beer in your pockets?! 
doesn't know what to believe.      going to the hookah bar with sean i guess
@bernasconi Isn't the great Canadian pastime beer drinking? Alternately: hockey. I won't be there tonight. 
@solangeknowles I want some Merlot 
@clintlamberth haha where are you. They call it both soda and pop here as well. I'm actually catching myself call it soda now 
Friends giving me grief about my innane tweets of personal status and why they unfollowed me  beer undoubtably a factor
Watching why did I get married an drinking rum. What is up with cali's weather  I want my blanket
i was gonna get a bottle of wine but i suppose i'll be drinking alone. 
@joemzmonks if you have a binnys card you earn points for wine and liquor purchases to get a discount on future stuff. Beer doesn't count 
Drank three cups of ice tea now Really gotta pee 
And they drank my soda. 
I'm gettin my drink on. I'm so homesick, I have to drown my sorrows 
ahhhhhhhhh almost out of tequila 
white wine is better... more studyingggg 
 just really upset and drunk
I'm so disappointed that I sweated out my buzz in tonight damn humidity!! 3 margaritas, a rum n coke, &amp; vodka-7 all for nothing!!  *sigh*
Drank too much... 
spilled my vodka.. 
I feel like complete death. It hurts even when I drink VitaminWater. 
@TheHighPriestes tell me abt it! it was in 2 drinks which i had! damn....   anyways i do love lemongrass in tomyam!
@JonLuke I don't know where the remote is.  &amp; the beer makes it more interesting.
drank too much diet coke and now can't sleep. 
@lizguera no way that's shitty  I haven't been sleepin either. I just poured me a glass of whiskey
argh i cnt egt the taste of the medicine i just had out of my mouth. not even after 5 cups of water! 
@MamzelleF @websiteowner @stereophonics ooh, i miss beer. cant drink it anymore  allergies. just have to drink pints of voddie instead :o)
Apparently I was wrong,  it wasn't chips it was beer! What a waste. Now it's not funny to me. 
@papadimitriou green tea Coke sounds like....  is it actually good? I like vanilla Coke which I don't get here.. 
dropped a glass of water over my computer and desk - wine at lunchtime = bad kat 
@dhoskingmoxom I am mourning your breakup with beer  ... but Smirnoff Coolers are still on right!!!
@badleftleg I know AhmadiN won...! But these kids are just impatient to get MCDonalds and Coke stores there!  #iranelection
@trufabrications thank you, we need storage for 1,000 bottles though 
So just went to the store for food, and I got beer too....and didn't get carded. I feel old. 
20+ drinks at one time is very difficult for a single barista 
@euan I'm at Guinness Brewery  -  Ivan: They lost 95 jobs today:   http://bit.ly/45Pjs  
@douggaff no more so than to stock the minibar with single-malt instead of jug scotch 
Dammit, now that I'm gone from Western, they switch from Coca-Cola to Pepsi at cafeterias.  
no wine for me, working instead.... 
Smoking there shitty cigarettes makes my breath smell like old men that smoke and drink coffee all day 
Aw man, I finally found all my @SouthwestAir drink coupons and they are just expired 
@vino_delectable I hid all the knives.... but I forgot the spoons. 
@NancyEDunne keyboard full of wine 
@lisbethh That'd give me...30 mins to fail horribly at ping pong? And there aren't even red cups and tasty malt-based beverages... 
Felling fat after a day off with food &amp; drink   
@janehamilton22 I am but need to leave sharp to pick up junior so no can do on drinks 
wanted red wine only got white in, don't like white, have a glass of white, struggling to drink it, all I wanted was a nice glass of wine 
@Andihero lucky. I'm deciding on costumes with a ladyfriend and sitting about while dad and cousin drink beer. I don't like beer 
paintballing, running very fast an drinking beer not a good combination, im paying for it today 
time to quit water bottles 
Working  want to have some drinks?
@carter_sgc no lol never a good combo but  me's jealous you got beer and I don't!
Sushiii ; then drinkin some brews w/dimi before she leaves me 
@audiojam68 No, I'm out of Guinness...wait, that makes me neither drunk nor smart. 
@crackbarbie I'll buy you two beers, but you're at the wrong bar. 
@princessPK420 we love you too sorry you can't be here for the margarita's 
No growlers  but had a CPB Pilsner &amp; a St. George IPA.  Also, set up a possible interview for later this week. #obx09
@martkal44 I don't have male parts?!  it's a drink!
4 rum n cokes and a vodka cranberry and ive lost 40 bucks 
going to poboys for free drinks, ive been so down and out this week 
too much whiskey &amp; coca cola means i'm not sleeping any time soon. 
just found out that you got a free milkshake if you went into the ChickFilA in my hometown and said BREAKDANCE! Darnit! I missed it! 
I am going to oil my boots and maybe have a beer. I am bored. 
@sarahcolonna I'm pissed I'm at the bar and missed u on chels 
why did i just drink 2 bottles of water in 15mins 
Just me and the tequila bottle tonight.... 
Drank too much tea in the afternoon. I think I screwed up my body clock 
I didn't get my free coke glass 
@DebraWard Canadian, Coors Light and MGD. I thought there would at least be something there that I liked. 
tea all drunk, cold again 
I just broke my favorite cup/mug/glass/awesome device to bring beverage to my face: http://bit.ly/u3QgV 
Oh god I want a milkshake so badly right now. 
@kristiewells LOL!! I would have walked over hot communicators to get the chance to have a beer with you; alas it just could not happen 
The flat is hot, I'm cranky, and out of scotch 
Too late to buy wine. 
mooses tooth beer...and pizza...and crazy garlic intake....mmmmmm...so good!  but they were out of barley wine 
I want beer now  #squarespace
back to beer 
red red wine!   
note 2 self: tea + energy drink + energy drink + guitar hero = wide awake at midnight so I'll need an energy drink to get through 2morrow 
what an amazing day!!!     finally starting to drink. drank. drunk...
We are officially crap at pub quizzes now. Third out of 6 
@Zosaphine Drink came out of my nose at that scene 
@maryk3lly after i saw the pic a lit of gin 
Pretty sure I got shorted on my drink size at mcdonalds, and I didn't get a glass.  off to the theatre soon.
I miss the margarita mix and am becoming depressed that my water isn't a margarita 
I want Coke 
I would like a cigarette now. This is getting silly 
@Becks_Beer you'l probably have to give it another 5/6hrs before it goes live   
i haven't eat anything today and i can't stop thinking of mango beer 
@cripplesmith there were 2 other drugs I could take but they weren't covered &amp; were close to $100 per bottle 
Wow i'm back from my drunken stupor. I think the drinks r on their way out tho.  
@idde_ukl gah wish I was in Waterstones too  Drinking lovely cinnamon latte instead of crappy coffee my mum made.
Another sleepy ride to work today. I stopped for a diet coke to keep me awake and they gave me regular coke. Couldn't drink much of it. 
No more booze..liver not so good  whoops!!
@benjibrum I forgot to ask in between pints of Guinness, sorry.  But will write them an email explaining! 
@nicolalalalala I have that problem but mine is beer and milk 
I am thinking Drinking and going out on a monday evening was not the best idea i have had!!! my head hurts  lol
The beer tower is no more 
Not even coca cola is giving me a boost, so tired! 
@JDollin The drink of my childhood, basically.  I'm so sad!
Really wishing I had a small bottle of ginger ale 
@sambanova no, I think I had too many rum and cokes 
@andyctwit jealous jealous jealous jealous!!  I miss my Yuengling 
Drank some wine last night and now i have a huge headache  But i think once i eat that'll go away.
@eddyspirit probably those cursed foamy bananas. sorry man  XXXX
i wwant some fred perry gear 
why is the Diet Coke always gone?! I am now choking down a Pepsi 
I caved on my no alcohol policy 
The other day I got a beverage at a beverage making establishment that will remain anonymous. There was a bb ant in my beverage  ew
I knew i should have gone for food &amp; alcohol 
@bsheepies   Want a band-aid?  Or a cookie?  There are lots of cookies.  Vodka?
- sad that i'm not going pub quiz boozing again this week.  will have to settle for a bottle of ale and a movie
I could murder a few cold Coronas right about now.  sadly we have none in the fridge and my body can't be arsed to go to the shop for any 
here's the problem, I had a big bag of sugarfree cola bottles and gummi worms and I have lost them. 
@thekateblack all I have is my flask 
Bit upset now i just heard what i did. why tell me sad news like that after 2 glasses of wine and when my emotions are shot anyway 
very tired now. And never did get my brandy 
@FeriaSpicePower However, I am not very chuffed that I cannot make it tomorrow for drinks!  Booooooooo
i so want to SNEEZE but it just won't happen, feels like i've opened a bottle of fizzy juice in my head n the bubbles have no where to go 
@gloomybb i miss the beer fridges 
@jdorner Red oak beer sounds good... 
I meant drunk 
@alwaysasidekick 2 beers later and I'm def not. 
@fivestarprodj  awesome beer belt but It only holds 6   lol
@maryxboney Holy crap. I just had 3 bars out here, now nothing! Wish this would send. 
@chiniehdiaz I want a ciggy too 
@bernman49 well I'm drinking merlot and having a wine party by myself 
@gumby007  we can't have a drink together?
@heyhannahhh awww darling i'm sorry  iloveyou babe (haha beer and a harley!) 
Pissed I can't enjoy a drink... 
@adriandlg dollar beers?! I'm soooo jealous 
No! I have an old menu and they already didn't have the wine I wanted to try 
@MariaStasko..i was a little sloppy, only one time though...sauce on my mouth   and once i almost choked on my drink
@ddubsoldier81 where did u see the pic of ddub smoking? Didnt u know he smoked 
i keep getting hit by the beer pong ball 
I just tried to yawn while taking a drink of coffee. That could have been messy on a white shirt. It spoilt my yawn too 
@biggiesu I want to buy you a drink!  
I'm bored and the forum has made me cranky.  I want a soda.
I so need a drink! I don't have anything strong not even on my first aid kit 
@VampJoeV I'm sorry for drinking all your beer 
@kyledionneclark they do but I don't like drinking it  normal coke is best!
@blindcripple i have a serious tequila craving. but not in ct 
yay 4 gabbys mum working at the drags! oh how could ne one resist free food, drinks and entry into the drags? lol. it costs $10 2 get in 
My body hates me. Alcohol is just no good for the soul.  
damn a 1.5ltr bottle of henessy is big 
Drank belgium choc ice blended n stained his shirt!  - http://tweet.sg
One of the parties was full of sleazy dudes, feeling really lightheaded after one drink and not loving it 
feel like poo, alcohol is v bad 
@fizzy_fizah That doesn't sound goo 
Oops, my pop-top just fell into my Pepsi 
I think I might be allergic to wine , I go numb after drinking a small amount 
Just took some pills but didn't swallow them east enough.  ick the taste won't leave.
@dompap Beer me five? I'm confused 
glug glug glug...that's the sad sound the bottle of expensive essential oil made when I knocked it over on the counter... 
i need some bacon vodka, i know its early  http://www.drinkupny.com/Bakon_Vodka_p/s0825.htm
@petehoekstra Just drank a little too much with that last sip, just like waterboarding, and like the real thing: no good info afterwards 
@raelsea I try to do that with my Diet Cokes and it NEVER happens. 
it's too early to be at hops 
@Bman83 Drink plenty of water baby! I don't feel so hot today 
I hate water bottles that are so hard to open! 
@bear_smooter Even with a bottle of wine? That's not good 
Mannnn, got coffee under the bar top and ruined my pics and notes, too...  Going to have to take the whole bar apart to clean it all up 
@clegg48 *stomach gargles* too much caffeine... all that coffee and energy drinks made my stummy mad 
I just dropped my beer in the bath 
@aceriot I want a fucking Slurpee!!!  
I've eaten so much Chinese food, that I don't think there is any room left for beer 
i fail for not bringing my pop bottle for discount refills.  -Just.
Is ticked her 33 oz water bottle got thrown away 
@CharlottePeall cider, without me 
drunk and ate too much 
There is an energy drink in the fridge. I know it will make me feel gross, but I'm falling asleep as I sit in front of my code... 
anyone got any advice on what to eat/drink after having food poisoning? i feel terrible? and still have more auditions left 
How Heineken bottles could have changed the world of masonry and construction, but didn't   http://bit.ly/ahWGZ
Tonsils feels like someone throatfucked me with a barbed wire mop handle. Beer has not been sufficient a painkiller 
I burnt my tounge with hot chocolate yesterday.  i bet your wondering what i was doing drinking a hot drink in this frekin' weather.
But why is my Rum and Coke gone? 
@interactivemark no chimp to get yr beer huh? I've no beer for my chimp to get 
No amount of free food &amp; drink will make up for the inevitable jetlag on its way as i've not slept a wink &amp; it's only 3pm here 
I want to drink beer 
@kittykata no sangria then, que  my bad!
@ale_rotondo I feel bad. @intheass is neglected 
@bronxbebe4488 lol .....nawww that was yestersday 2$ drinks  tonight its full price but fuck it
making my drinking chocolate getting ready for bed on me todd 
no brewers tonight 
wanted to go to the Wine room for a cheeseplatter and a glass of wine 
just recoverimg from bad hangover  shouldnt ov had dat last vodka lol xxx !!!!! 
my drink didn't get made right at starbucks  #fb
@maybexnextxtime drink one for me 
Note to self: Drinking strong coffee before bed = +1 inspiration, however causes -6 sleep. 
oh hey look, this Guinness has a shamrock on top! (sorry, @tameraclark  )
@mojokiss but but I don't like veggies.. only alcohol 
@wdgarcia82 at the bar having some beers!! but then its back to work 
Today just got much more complicated, and I'm already in that overtired easily-hypnotized no-discipline tipsy zone. Vodka bottle is empty 
I have not finished my 2 litre bottle of water  I must!
Headed home, really have to use the bathroom!!!!! Beer is no good for me 
shoot i forgot mike's beer 
@TheWineWhore I did have a nice Malbec though, of course I already forgot the name 
@jessepeakdotcom can u bring pepto... i have the bubblies 
Drank our last can of cheerwine.   now i have to wait two weeks to get more.
@pf3 why didnt i get a craft beer study 
Vodka always does the trick ;) finishing up my last mike's lemonade 
asks, &quot;What part of last call don't people understand? Drink up and go home! I need to sleep.&quot; 
My beer pong partner just said that i suck  what a jerk
@ampersandwich i thought about coconut but didn't use it this time. not a big fan of rum.  does gin go with lime-rasp? lol
Being at a bar and not drinking alcohol SUCKS! 
my tea is too hot to drink 
considering i only had 2 pints of cider last night, why do i feel slightl rough?! 
@AussieGal999 yeh it was... just enjoying a relaxing drink.. and thinking about how sad it is i have to work tmw also! 
Hangover without the alcohol blah 
@BetaGroup I couldn't be there for the next meeting   It's the day I'll receive (I hope) my master diploma and then drink drink and drink
@mattsillence - LOL A drink is like, 10% of my wage  haha.
I hope you'll really quit smoking. 
@mrbartleboom Awww me too! I'm on the roof instead! And no vodka for me... 
Beers gone, margaritas gone, foods gone....must mean I come home today 
@nabsworth   Gatorade (or pedia sure for the bb) is the only thing I know to work.
I want a yumy bottle of calpol 2 make me feel better 
milkshake is gone 
i went ot buy a bottle opener.  i broke it while im  opening the bottle. basicaly,im stuck 
having a possible last drink at the coconut before it closes on sunday 
needed an ice cold WKD to wash it down with though 
how water bottle 
@dubplatez wish I had some cheap beer 
I have no smokes.  
@turpentine2009 No I don't. good song though! sorry I don't have it  how are you doing #followfriday
No beverages or snacks!? I guess I can't be upset, as we are in a recession.  
i need a hot water bottle 
Just stood on a mini bottle of moisturiser. It went evrywhere all over my cushion and all 
#inaperfectworld I would be married to tila  tequila... 
@twinkle47 LOL, why is it when u have loads of wine u can't drink it all? 
@nelliecapellie hey!! sorry I never texted you back! But this weekend is Ale's b-day!  So I can't go! What about next weekend?! 
@geneeeva i hate liquids  it's a complex. i hate water, tea...the only thing i enjoy is pepsi!
and a bottle of vodka too 
@ 2_sweet_4u... i cant believe you were twittering at a bar without me!  
@SexxyMela donttt telll meee that!!  it looked nice out earlier!! i wanted to stay out outside in bryant park and have a drink.
Also, Pilsner Urquell on sale in bottles--have to drink it before it gets Skunked !  Gotta watch our for the Amer. lites; go down 2 easy
@ageing_hipster I had to drive  and now I've eaten properly an don't want to drink beer anymore :;((((
i should quit diet coke 
I know there are only 5 beers in my fridge at home....and I know I am feeling way too lazy to hit up the beer store 
@claire_brewer it wasn't even intentional - i'm appalled by my own sense of humour 
&quot;wine wine wine wine...shake what yeh mamba gave yeh.&quot; 
@spicekkkakes  ahhh well now it's time to bubble bath it up with a good book and a glass of wine..i'm starting my streth now. 12hrx4nites 
is sitting with a water bottle because she pulled a muscle 
#BeerFriday was cancelled  that makes the Beer Czar very sad
Kombucha makes my stomach hurt  now I know why I stopped drinking it...
Would really like some alcohol right now! 
sigh. i would love to go out and drink a few beers tonight but i just worked out. beer is why i have to work out in the first place.  
I want my sushi! I hate waiting  I need a glass of wine while I'm at it.
Aww... just finished the last of my homebrews.  gotta buy beer at the store for the next few weeks.
Drink sake is closing 
No lemonade in the fridge  only lots of beer, ugh lame
@WxDan Drink one for me, since I'm at work. 
@bekbek01... Why are you awake!?!  You turned down drunks with me. 
I really need a drink but i'm too scared to go downstairs  x
Yes, we were the fools dancing near where they are selling food/drinks. That was so much fun though. I didn't want to leave 
sadly I've run out of coke, so the rum and cokes have come to an end...  
drink..as I ordered my water 
had too much wine, taking a powernap then work! 
This raspberry beer isnt nearly as good as my jolly rancher beer 
1 and 2  at the taproom  
My 6 pack of beer just broke outside the store 
Wow I was winning beer pong but no longer 
@cresh182 back to chain smoking 
Still waiting on my sip. 
i would say wine too, but i never get past two sips of anything lately and i refuse to waste anymore alcohol. 
my feet hurt,i have blister  too much of a DRUNKEN extremely drunken nite,the morning after is always the worst! damn Alcohol!!!!
@BlueCrewDNeLLy aahhhh you move soon, huh?? we shouldve met up tonight for a drink!! 
@chrisota u didn't send me any drinks!!! 
@silverwillem it was huge (maybe 16 oz) screw that lying waiter &amp; them for not giving us a real drink. douchebags (pain is still present) 
Alcohol should never have been made 
i miss my scrumpy 
@muffins_n_beer me imagino 
@chelseaelizabe yay! when we play, no one will run out of anything containing alcohol! i'm out of wine, vodka with sweetnsour drink mix= 
@anaggh ok. sorry  lazy = yes. Diet Coke = no. 
Joose always gets the best of me. 
why does beer have so many calories 
i'm youtubing how to make mixed drinks because I suck. don't ever come into my bar and ask me for a mixed drink cause I can't do it yet 
drunk, at the bar.  I miss weeve.
Such an Alcoholic lmao 
cider + german beer times tonight! home tomorrow 
i just had a cup of tea but its just not the same drinking it alone  sadly i have to work tonight so no giant robots &amp; explosions for me!
@JBhandal what you off the booze surely not 
Rum bullions was closing  but now we are at aura ultra lounge.
@gage006 I've downgraded to cheap high gravity beer 
@iGix you're teasing me with all the lovely vodka 
not a good start to the weekend!  I awake to find one of the servers has broken  beer bottle clearing up will have to wait
yay for mojitos! boo for rum making me sleepy 
@charmedmommy247 Aw! I was so sad when I got back from my beer run and you were gone 
How can I be rough off 7 pints? 
wanting a drink 
@stepheneyre  Drink lots of orange juice!
dont mix different wines...at least not in the same glass 
Oh m g. I didn't drink any water yesterday that is all I'll drink today. No juice soda starbucks ! 
I finished my Pepsi  
That babo is keep smoking like a trainnnnnn 
@vesper385 No Guinness  but plenty of beers so not all bad
mmmmm i have wine. i am therefore happy. however it's random marks and spencers wine. therefore i'm a little sad 
bought glastonbury supplies, 12-litres of wine, 6 jacques cider, and a twelve pack. gf mad at potential lack of food 
@Cannes_Lions woww! i too want these bottles 
@TeresaKopec sounds great! i went to bevmo and bought him beer 
...and there goes my round of free drinks. 
@hannybfirst tortoise wine? ewww ... 
gahhh I'm so bloody mad...I cant find my hot water bottle 
drank a glass of water!  it was only luke-warm  &lt;-- frowny face! haha!
I'm officially on Coke relapse 
@kat_n I have been invited out but I'm cutting down on the alcohol 
Feeling the results of a bottle of patron 
@SuRrealMimOsa i no, i really want to go out n get drunk, but im on a diet, so no alcohol for me 
Pissed....all I wanted was a fountain beverage from the market and they're closed 
its my day and they make ME go and get the beer! and its not even the beer i like! 
my dad just gave me a glass of carrot juice. should i drink it? 
Diet cokes bad enough...diet rola cola is just shocking 
dying  i hate vodka
My Kombucha mother is potentially lost in the mail... 
she put that bottle to her head and pulled the trigger finally drank away his memory 
she use to buy my drinks my pills n my purp 
 harsh shisha
the wine has been drunk 
All I can see is giant cigarettes...It's getting really difficult. 
@Memph empty pint now 
@Thewie72 oooh good idea to start with bottle, ;) nearly finished my bottle  x
@AaronUnicorn I didn't see any root beer. 
That gin and tonic last night had all tonic, no gin 
I literally almost just cut the end of my finger off cutting up a lime for my gin &amp; tonic. Not cute  It hurts to type
leaving beerfest now 
At rock the garden. Beer will be warm b4 solid gold starts  
Hates the taste of parafin after a fire breathing sesh !! Toyally ruined my beer 
Shit,i haven't beer in the fridge anymore... 
Why is the Rum always gone? 
Is wondering why G N' R never have any soda.    
a night in with movies, a glass of wine, chocolate and the trigon... for the last time 
@mynamesnemo1 oh no  drink some boiled water? And I'll give you a belly rub 
@schultz1965 no tequila yet...  I so need a drink after the customers today.
@patrickdolan23 aw no! for both the drama and the lack of booze 
What is with me making ming drinks lately ?, I added way to much hot water to hot chocolate there and its was all horrid and watery 
@lightsresolve yayy Ramones!! I thought they were taking about soda. 
@sinspired Gets worse.  I met my group at base, so tomorrow I need a ride from home to base to get my car.    Drank way more than planned.
3rd bottle of Perrier today...Awwww Nate used to call it my &quot;Champagne Water&quot; I miss him  he needs to work back in my dept!!
http://twitpic.com/7yiif - miss my long hair  what a beautiful night. drunk drunk drunk drunk drunk
@Wardere http://twitpic.com/3hjno - i say: is this the bigger bottle u have? 
My bus just sped up and I spilled Coke all over my face and dress. So much for looking cute.  #prettyfail
i cant cope with all this WKD 
@LynnaKay I need to drink more water. Drank a ton and I'm still thirsty. 110 heat index! YIKES!! I'll bet boys are too hot to sleep. 
watching high school musical.drinking a milkshake.feeling rather down. 
is out of diet coke 
ohhhhhhhhh stomach ache too many energy drinks.....  I feel sick
been almost 2 months and no Drink 
awww... @umbricuno wont drink any wine...sad 
@maseratipoe pssttt u smoking without me  lol
@cortneybadessa wheres beer for me 
burnt my leg with hot chocolate  drinking hot drinks when drunk isn't the best idea lol
Age has turned me into a featherweight drunk 
No more drinks 
drank too much root beer. now im sick 
I just broke a $150 bottle of cologne  So I went and bought a new lap top. I feel better.
I wish I was drunk where did @nysie5 and @iamneokis hide the booze? 
wasted all of her pregaming 
@baddyart It's not nice to taunt me with your drinking of beer. 
not again tila i love tequila 
not again  i love tila tequila 
The Pinot is almost dunzo...   
sad feeling #57363, when you go to have a drink of *insert beverage of choice here* and realize youd already finished the last drops. 
@pingpongpanda @the_lfk seriously! I only had 1 jug of long island, 1 vodka &amp; I glass of champagne last night &amp; I was pretty drunk!! 
Absinthe stole my voice box 
@courtneyjayneee cheer up...but if your down about what i think you are then ugh yeahh not cool !!  im ill, too much wine/beer 
@jrfan8 LOL - other tips: avoid mixing different one (beer, wine, liquor), drink LOTS of water too...   (I feel corruptive!) 
Wine then beer makes you feel queer 
@SugarJolt there's so many loud bros and it smells like beer and pizza 
@evillemur ahhh I want to try your lychee martinis 
How dare you taunt me with those mojitos!!!  ;)
is sad.  http://plurk.com/p/12m3ml
@enderby I feel for you, a bad mojito is a terrible experience 
Ughhh. Drank coffee at 11pm now I face the consequence of not being able to fall asleep 
@Noufah salamaaat  5thtee panadol? S it vry cold @ office? Drink sthg hot..ma tshoofeen shar
@intylicious can't stand ginger beer 
Has a very bad hangover, Also how much does that bad after drink taste in your mouth suck 
@luigiquisumbing unfair!!!  I haven't had a drink in what seems to be forever already!
@grace1086  mala! I'm over here still downing this bottle you couldve joined me
@tuttle88 it must be a sign  no more drinks for me tonight
It was the sambuca shots that have floored me  not v clever.
i need coke.. like now 
@shenheng haha unfortunately no beers, coffee and a few laptops 
Trying to recover from too much beer lastnight. I have to get on a plane soon too   http://myloc.me/4PPY
I have alcohol poisoning 
@audiolove jerrrrrk. i want a slushie. 
@ohnvm nooooooo they all just get drunk and harass me 
@13nard We look hard, but we know we're lightweights when it comes to alcohol 
@courtneykkk i knew i shouldnt have shared cigarettes with you. 
@Mikestoke What bloody Pepsi code? 
I wish I had a beer 
has a craving for marks and spencers cream soda 
has been drinking too much lately and has the beer belly to prove it. 
Not feeling too hot, can't even finish one glass of wine 
Starbucks at travis afb doesn't make my drink like I like it  fails
@gaylondon very nice, but get that drink away  from it 
@AmazingPhil now i want a milkshake 
@leonnea but glass bottles are so darn exciting when they contain Coca-Cola.  I can ring up a $20 glass bottle Coke tab in 30 minutes. 
Not enjoying this coffee drink but dont want to tell the nice barista... She was experimenting and i want a more boring drink 
Hoping Ale can send an external battery to me :/ need to use my iPhone so much, using the computer will hurt my back for a while 
Wishing I hadn't drank at the pub last night! Alcohol before going to bed = waking up at 4am for me 
http://twitpic.com/876bf - unfortuantly not no  ... fitting the beer in is somthing i have to figure out after the beer trip later :-s
FACT: I want to be at Wimbledon, drinking Pimms &amp; Lemonade and enjoying the sun 
@nerdynerak That refizzle thing has made me want a soda. And we have no soda. 
I now have 24 litres of cabernet sauvignon fermenting on top of my fridge, I'm also in mourning over the dress I lost on ebay 
Four for ten off six overs. Really fancy a glass of wine but on tablets 
started smoking cigars and find myself as addicted to nicotene as ever 
@imhungup lmao i cant afford to go out though  just have a wee bottle of vodka x
okay from now no more Coke before bed! went to sleep at 4am woke up at noon 
@TheBottoms but i dont like klondike bars 
i wish i had menthols 
is at home drinking vodka and coke but its not doing anything  oh well bring on the next drink lol xxx
I'm coming dangerously close to exhausting my desire for gin. 
I can't find a magnum double caramel anywhere! only almond, classic or white magnums in all the shops in D4   why?
@Cadistra nu    *goes to get water bottle right away*
@sarahjpin oh  * consoling hug and a glass of wine*
drunck off 1 wine cooler. no emPt stom ach excuse. drank after diner. suuuck 
Officially bored out my mind...ain't no1 outside..guess I'll go to the bars and drink and drink and drink till I ain't bored nemore 
i wish i could order wines/sake/beer online... that's one of those things I hate about utah 
Out of beers 
@laetha My water bottle is trumped by your iced tea.  I has a gum though
tired need a glass of wine .........irritated today 
wishing i had a drink 
need vodka. 
@CarlyDaily I'd ask you to bring me one of those delicious looking fruit slurpee drinks but it'd probably be melted by the time I see you 
Leinie is the best dog ever.  She licks my face when...  a-awww, Leinie.  
A rapping, bustling cab full of drunk people showcases Heineken, that features no closed captioning.  Drink up!
did i tell u ive allergy frm Pepsi, Coke etc? yes, i do. i drank water frm 1 of such bottles &amp; now im sneezing, eyes swollen, head aching 
cigarette are very expensive here compare to indonesia hiks... and they dont have dunhill lights menthol 
just fyi...marrying bottles n cleaning the bar not fun  grrrrrr
I should not be allowed to spell whilst drinking.  
@getsitfaster you're not china bar-ing are you!?!? 
i want a hot lemon drink for my throat... 
I wish 4 healthy cigarettes ... 
I am not Wellll! naughty vodka  !
Out of juice, I guess no more Svedka then 
@Com3ntan... Ale: nuevo aire? need the vacas rait nau?  http://tinyurl.com/mmy4e7
wtf, my beer thread got nuked 
Paydays as glorious as this one should be spent in pub with beer and pie and chips of some description. 
Damit my drink is up 
building under a water boil alert. no drinking water or coffee  drank my last can of cream soda yesterday. things could get ugly people.
@labrujitarosa The ice tray didn't magically refill  And we are in dire need of mixers... Bacardi and tomato juice...or milk...?
For the life of me, I can't understand y ppl in dis house don't close soda tightly. Flat Pepsi is gross! 
just eaten pasta &amp; i still feel sick  i need some paracetamol but ill be sick when i swallow it. think im gonna lay off drink for a while!
@ngma107 lol...i c i missed out on my wine last nite 
@evilgordon bean bag and beer.......jealous!! M62 and M60 for me shortly 
Ugh.... Drinking my coffee.why do i feel bla.oh yeah my wife is moving that why. 
can't have bubbles cuz my hubby has both bubble bottles. 
@therealjspace am I the first one to tell you you tweet the most while drinking! LOL. 
@kayotae Just had a martini myself. 
ok, it's officially my birthday!  crack a beer if you got one, that's what I'm doing 
@MissxMarisa i like coffee, water, coke and beer 
@billt Pint of Adnams? Glad to see you're taking advantage of Cask Ale Week 
going to chase some pills with some vodka, should be interesting 
@doubleickey u know those minichocolates in the shape of liquor bottles? with liqour inside em 
@weisslu Friends do, but then other times being home-alone with a bottle of wine or bubbly, good movie and the bathtub does well too 
http://twitpic.com/2y6em - pucker. my drink of choice 
Beer batter's good though 
@Mindwater I like a coke now and then;  but the flavored ones suck. If I want a flavor in my coke it will be Rum with a slice of lime. 
@beijingboyce Who is @Maotai? I like Maotai spirit very much! 
@Matterbox sparklers, glitter, condoms, chocolate, mini vodka, badges, magazine, crisps, mini wind up toy &amp; #discount voucher 4 dinner 
Wow.. I am drunks at jans..bye 
@monkeyarmada But women and wine, right?  #scriptfrenzy
@neilwarner I'll give you that, but it's only good for a treat. Diet Coke is the way forward 
@willconley777 Thanks re wine blog mia. Another one dies on the vine. Wine bloggin' ain't for sissies 
bubbles in my carboy, yaaaaay 
@xenoputtss nah, they're more into vodka and caviar, I prefer beer and steak! 
not to mention the free drinks!! 
@rhyolight Agreed on the straight-through part, but we might have to compromise at a couple of fingers of Scotch. 
@TrMoody  I cant deal with my sweetened milk drinks! I really coffee or my mood can turn... fast.  haha 
@tjgillis it's so much fun  go all inclusive if you do haha yay unlimited booze
@aussie_wine You're welcome! 
@gservo be sure to have some Lager on hand in case it turns into vindaloo monster.  although it may only be mutton vindaloo that mutates
water really is the best drink ever, well after coffee duhhrg. 
@cmar82 u best get some free drinks mama!!!!!!! N drink some 4 me puta!!!! 
LOL tiki lounge at the hojo it doesn't get any better 
Drank too much wine  headache tomorrow :-/
is having a drink with my lover 
@tonyarose that's a good one drink, take another sip for me!! 
@stevivor Just so you know... I'm buying beer 
@nick_carter 4 more jokes, subscribe 2 www.myspace.com/mdadinosaur    after d tone pls press 1 ;-P this joke was brought 2 u by Coca-Cola
drinking some wine 
@janemcmurry really? another water drinker. outstanding. I'm not alone !!  
Theres live jazz and drinks down the hall so thats where I'm headed 
@ghettoradio drink up!  it's still early.  
@sheridanzig I think thats perfectly fine, not that I'm a big bourbon drinker, I'm more into girly drinks 
@Vangelus mmmm Coca-Cola in a glass bottle,oh so good!! 
At the pub, just got a beer and sat down outside when a huge cloud came overhead, too stubborn to go back inside 
@Katitude Brewing complete..  Consuming well under way
nice day of boarding....nice Warsteiner right now!!! 
beer and olives and songs, oh my! 
@InDisGeoff why do you have a drink after I play you? 
Having a drink at the cliffs lovely 
Too much coffee equals a very drunk feeling.  im on like a caffeine high mixed with my over abundance of energy 
@lollipopdaisy : chewing on cloves?! sounds bizarre! Lemons are yummy, so I'm combining with alcohol for desired effect 
has been chillin in the garden with a couple of beers..and is feeling pretty happy 
@Hapson @PaulDale67 it's coming along nicely I'm doing my part well keeping the gin and tonics coming 
@gettencreative awww hope your cold goes soon luvvie! I'm fine thanks!  The Vodka is helping! ;) Lol xx
@monkeyknopfler recovered enough to be on the beer 
@pinksugacupcake My kinda girl...but i'm really into my Rum as well 
@SunshineSpirits Rum works. Captain and Coke 
still working on my bio. why can't i write this mutha?  my brain is racked to bone.  maybe a few drinks tonight at the bar will help. 
I drank up the real beer I had, no I have some non alcoholic left.. I'll drink that as well 
has a beer with her chaser 
Having a couple of drinks. 
@FoxBrownFox I'll be joining you on working tomorrow so party hard tonight but take it easy on the Alcohol 
@SAMeeeJO not yet, but I just bit into a chewy snickers bar, 
Home from the sick party! Alcohol in le system! might go chill on the trampoline and have a cheeky cig whilst im there  or maybe not hahah
Thinking bout going to get a patron margarita 
sangria at mediterra to cheer me up 
@ kings of leon with kswizzle  first beer in 3 weeks hallelujah!
Sitting with my sister, enjoying a Guiness. 
Ended up staying home.  Sitting here drinking a Coors Light, might be shooting a video and trying out the new video software 
Beer pongin it with potential 
Chilean wine is great 
this dirty martini is damn good though!! 
@freddurst http://twitpic.com/3ks66 - Beer for my horses 
@kcmpls I'm glad someone thinks the maple syrup liquor is awesome. 
@jolisoleil ...any time!  Actually ended up with 34... sipping a Chardonnay myself... and  it's &quot;just right&quot; 
@garazi After about 2 or 3 beers, I might agree with you 
hookah is so much better when youre drunk. 
@JustinSxE red wine. 
@tommcfly http://twitpic.com/3kygb - such a cute jam bottle! 
two back to back shots of tequila at work, and I'm drunkity drunk 
@elmofromok is the absinthe affecting your spelling ? 
how good was that, 2 from 2 and looking forward to an alcoholic beverage 
@pollyprince23 I'm at the bars training right now! 
@KainWarn im all about my champagne. i am on glass 4 
@LanaitheDJ I'm cool with red plastic cups... Just fill 'em up with your wine! LOL 
@scottiewilson too much Glenfiddich i guess 
why are the little things the biggest headaches... I just don't get it. I need a glass of red wine 
@drink_feck_arse well said! I will also steal 
@SarahFaceTime step away from the bar 
@ohindiegirl poor sweety. snuggle up with your hot water bottle and drink some tea  x
@hashfunction but beer is better 
PS... #Beer is fun 
@maadonna Tequila. I like where you're head is at. I bring that out for &quot;special&quot; occasions 
@kenneth_l save me a glass or five.  I need a drink...
@pdenlinger yes that lovely, warm beer.. mmm..  I had an aussie beer last night and I wasn't too impressed to be honest..
...might have to break out the hookah 
cava&amp;twitts.... 
Installing spore in wine in ubunti 
@gingerinc @tegwin Tequila bloody horrible - the salt especially. Makes me gag. The brutes forced me to drink it anyway! 
@vicodin_martini yay. i am loved  i guess i could talk to you here...
@rhythmnation eating cheese &amp; pate, drinking Pinot grigio, overlooking the harbour..... life is too good 
has just finished her latest chapter draft! AT LAST! going to treat myself to a nice glass of diet coke now 
@beckybootsx i hope your not drinking alcohol! lol 
Waking up after a fun night of drinks, food and good company 
@leadmachine You can have beer, but should factor it into your calories for the day, don't over do it &amp; don't do it everyday 
@Boddingtons me too!! 
On my waywione with two unopened bottles of champagne 
Just got $11.55 dallors from recycling cans  
@bazv That is my kinda beer 
Headed to the beach: Beer, chips, pebre, pineapple. 
err... love gin &amp; tonic, but... dunno  http://tinyurl.com/djtayd
@primesuspect That sounds amazing!...I had my Vernors yesterday. 
@DustinJMcClure I'm with you.  Brewing the 2nd pot of the day.  I have a sickness
@noirem And I've wine now. A day with both beer and wine is something to celebrate. 
@eightisenough LoL .. I guess they had drinks 
Sparkling wine is good. 
....leave the bourbon on the shelf. 
Having a well-deserved Guinness 
@mattroweshow: you did a good job  the beer comes soon #ldow2009 #theguardian #beer
Thinking of quitting smoking then join @robangus on the #twitterquitter 
off out for a bbq and some beer.. glorious day 
What a nice day! Beer garden weather 
may your bongs never be empty and your munchies as delicious as ever. 
is sitting out in the sun with a nice glass of wine...happy days  x
@mandyish Thanks for tweeting about us and enjoy the Pepsi throwback 
@r0xii Where can i buy the popcorn and the drinks to watch this fight??  im betting on you. ;)
@kyelani my good intentions to drink green tea always get pushed aside by the lure of caffine fueled drinks - I must try harder 
Off to continue writing my novel in the sun with a glass of cider 
After I fix a glass of water 
My brother got a dog. It is the cutest thing! And its name is Fanta. 
@dragonsinger57  or finish with it, one drink of it was enough to know we don't get on 
@DHughesy tiny cans of softdrink WINS!! 
likes her drinks straight not gay 
Finished for the day. Beer time 
@malagant i try to catch you and a beer at the ballroom. 
@jeminabox you are not awkward with slurpees 
@evonnz no worries, i got the root beer covered.  
@lleentje Is de telenet installateur Coca-Cola style or the regular stuff ? 
@twistedbeauty i like alcohol 
A few years ago I was sitting outside at a pub and I got a pic of a squirrel holding a beer can 
@mammaginge I think I shall put some sun factor on my nose, coz that's the first thing to go red   What a lovely day! XXXX
i want some brandi n coke! 
@counternotions You see, I can't see myself, so to me, I feel quite nonthreatening.    Especially since alcohol just makes me tired.  ;)
@KrystalRenee24 cheers!  looks yummy...and fruity.  Drink responsibly. 
@monitorninja you win, I opted for the beam &amp; coke  (the beer is oberon, and that is mighty tasty too. we even have it on tap in c'ville!)
bride wars and wine 
@WTFJAY yeah, the headache would dissipate with the force of projectile vomiting brought on by said Scotch!  EEEEEEEW! &amp; ICK!!!! 
@pschamp hola schamp, can you get my credit card from the bar?  promise to buy you a beer in return.
@coreymekell I can hear you smacking and guzzling coke 
Finished marshalling at the triathlon - off to find beer and food 
@triskelwesti  a bottle of coke and ibuprofen actually, but close enough I guess 
With mitz vic vicky and francis. Drinking 50/50 bar 
@leealison smiles! thank you!! in the beer garden 
@jadeth I hope you'll take a break for Brewed. 
@GeminiTwisted I don't need permission...just a beer. 
@amberxxx  we'll go to the bar first lol
They're making me feel young in here! Its 23+ but this crowd is more like 28+ lol they hella drunk but they gettin it 
Watching TV and having a good glass of red wine. 
@weightless Little I heart you.  ANd very impressive drunk twittering!! 
Relaxing w/ @itsRAW after another great night of good wine and great company. And spanikopitas and mini chimis too 
@carlagraham There's beer... and boobies? I don't understand where the confusion is coming from... 
@cooljean sip dehhh 
@zaibatsu I think the glass of wine completes the setup 
@osandisays watch scotch mist with me.  i've been watching it religiously
Do you prefer.. Coke or Pepsi? 
@nuttychris doin this and maybe this and some pot washing and then this then drunk.haha lol 
is going out for a few beers 
- isn't beer just sparkiing water with alcohol in it? 
@iiacovou No lemsip? where u at again?.Drink plenty of water,have plenty of rest, &amp; that means turn the bloody tweets off young man! 
eating chipsticks sandwhiches and a princess drink 
off to watch the footie and drink some beer  !!
just enjoying a glass of pinot noir... chilling after a long day 
@justsara08 sorry to hear that have you had your Diet Coke yet maybe that's it  I'm good should be a great weekend I'm working on it
my drink has too much vodka. haha. YAY 
@khanserai we need to work hubby  I don't smoke but i enjoy cigars
@histapleface beer pong and gun app 
@themissingsock chambu = champagne + vodbull 
yay for free champagne 
@PhillyD Tequila?  I prevented lol You had to experience it by yourself. As about me it was my 1st and last time tasting, once was enough
wow Pepsi ThrowBack lol...Coca-Cola shud do a throwback soda 2 ..wit da coke in it  lol
I am about to make the dreaded trip to the grocery store...  I must. I am out of Cokes and cat litter. 
@hellbillyright I just happen to enjoy nicotine and alcohol, just like I enjoy shit food. I don't need it, I just like it 
 i need a soda 
@voyce It is for good. I cannot be trusted with caffeine - been abusing energy drinks for way too long 
got my drink!  
up wayyy to late having some Mojitos and Moscato wine 
@RachelBlack1 *smiles*sorry hun &lt;3 so lets go to the cafe and get some drinks ... well iyou would want to  ?
@uptomyhips true dat get better drink more beer 
is thinking that i need an alcoholic beverage 
*laughs* well it was OK. This old red wine has a very strong, sour taste. And I didn't have cheese to go with it. 
@RocksMyFaceOff only a half bottle? you can do better than that! 
shout out to this fresh pack of skittles i'ma bout to go in on 
@thedanwalker Being drunk probably helps 
btw @furrymunky .... i have my bar i have my bar! 
so drunk...not trippin of the usual 
@aht4005 No kidding I had a Pepsi earlier today and I'm not the least bit tired, its like 3am. Caffeine goes a long way for me 
just drank a 300$ glass of champagne. baaawlin 
@boagworld hah! That's only because people give us Champagne and we don't really drink it very often 
Champagne anyone? 
just finished working out, hella tired. chillaxing, drinking water and enjoying some T4 
@bryaaa haha it was fuckin funny, should have been there you are a total nut when your drunk. i didnt get round to doin mine 
@taylorswift13 just saw your new music video ,it was awesome  drink hot milk it'll help you sleep 
@dragonlady76 no, but we can certainly start talking 'bout Vodka!! thought you were out riding .... 
@pussydelights yay! bring a bottle, or 4 
nice to wake up and see the yeast working like mad eating the sugars in my beer 
@tirsen Yes, Beer helps a lot. 
Starting to buzz on coke again. 
@CjillS I'm not drunk, so you know, just squiffy. And I'm squiffy on your behalf. I dedicate limey mintiness to you 
has tidied up, got some alcohol and crisps in, and is enjoying listening to some class choons 
@Marissacre boo, I was hoping to start a new trend. Not drunk calls/texting but drunken twittering 
@animevice @debaoki  I'm with you on the &quot;girl drinks in bottles&quot; as I like to call them.  
@filce I'm done now  had a beer  yum
going out for pizza and beer! 
@speedom8 emergency? in mexico? no way  the only emergency is when you run out of cerveza/tequila.
@celeb_assistant sauvignon blanc or Chardonnay, I used to be in catering  but drink what you like, throw out the rule book if you want
Just played mary had a little lamb on the wine glasses...cc has it on video. 
@Melsie_79:  there should be some kind of Coke lovers club, I think those of us who reeeally love it are sort of a different breed, lol 
Is slighty drunk. 
is playing mafia and having a cocktail! 
@forensicmama That too. Right now I'm counting the minutes til Cabernet. 
Having a glass of wine and playing relaxing music - Just getting ready for the week 
@chef69  The drinks  
@smlimon in my defense I'd just luke to say that it was my first time at the pecan festival and the drinks were free  I had fun!
@dirklancer Beer! I'm so jealous. I wanna be there now. 
Getting ready with the food and soft drinks coz I'm going to re-watch the movie 21....   // cool http://gykd.net
had a relaxing night with the B's.....a bottle of wine.......a bubble bath....and a bleezy......lol...goodnite twitter world! 
has a Slurpee , I love my sister. 
@jordinsilver So long as they hold your wine without tipping. 
@IdeasCulture w00t, have a red wine now 
Respect to @fresh01 for the Heineken man bag  http://twitpic.com/4jdrg
Pepsi throwback, you taste so good in my belly. 
@clockworkmelt LOL I feel like drunk right now... 
@geofferyjohnson looking forward to it. we're sitting at the bar. 
@tnewberry I was talking about the margarita machine. 
This cigarette is so relaxing 
Sitting outside in the cold by the ocean with a glass of wine. 
Guinness at Coogars 
About to embark on a large tour of bars for a project.  Hopefully I won't die from alcohol poisoning 
Thinking my drink is watered down but hey its free 
Heading downtown! Drinks and dancing!! 
I'm really happy...and drunk  but really happy 
Drinking and smoking is very bad.---but im grown tho 
sheboygan / teekay / other kids / fight / angus / ryan / mall / mcdonalds / high / party / beer pong / drink / drive home. fun night 
I do amazing at beer pong with my brother 
listening to some brandy...never say never cd 
Wine..beer..and champagne..lets see how that goes for me tomorrow..lol 
Goooood beer tiiiimes 
@rasmuskl @rwj_defcon1 I gather you guys continued the drinking after I left? 
@JohnJCampbell its the wine!! 
Gatorade first thing in the morning = yumyum  feeling shattered but must arise and revise for IT tomorrow.
Feeling the effects of the party last night. Drank far too much. 2 chicken burgers and one lamb burger. I did dance a fair bit tho. 
@freshypanda I work with drunk golfers, it can be exciting! It wasn't bad  Yours, sir?
@reivad so's the smell of cigarettes and alcohol... at least *i * like it. 
20 self-made chocolate truffles and bottle of Baileys for the best mum in the world 
enjoying the sun with a nice glass of beer. little one is as usual happy, so I am too 
@Boddingtons Yes, you may! 
The cup holders arn't working too well on those water bottles in the #F1 safety car 
Waiting for insanity to wear off and has lime in her coke 
Yay wine  x
A can of red bull costs almost the same as a bottle of water! I like it 
@joni1 Fountain Diet Coke *is* love! 
I have decided: fuck university, i want to sit on a couch drinking beer and talking shit for a living 
I have decided: fuck university, i want to sit on a couch drinking beer and talking shit for a living  (via @danmatthews) agreed!
@JustTx I did consider it, but... I am on a sun lounger with a beer in hand, and too relaxed 
@iBlend #wehotweetup #tweetup happens everywhere, bars, restaurants. 
just had a bit of the Chardonnay olive oil cake and now off for lunch 
@shearmans yes to the curly fries but make it a very large bottle of wine  X
@AlanCarr orange juice and lemonade in a glass with loads of ice!! That or another bottle of vodka 
is addicted to skittles... 
@Scottmehl I know, I hated it. I'm trying to get my voice back though  I'm drinks loads and loads of water. No more soda!
@aishatyler you too much food and drink?  never!  But glad mom loved it. 
@ashesrb Yes! Only to the all ages one at the Whisky 
I just had a coke float, really shouldn't have, but it was so good 
Drinks at chilis 
bored and drunk damn this tattoo itches 
@NowInvestors drink some beers 
@quantumtuba Thanks  I'm wondering if it's from the 8 20oz bottles of crystal lite I drank today... lol.
Drinks tonight richs 
@lorenrochelle but it looks delicious, loren  i would join you, and bring wine.
@KeithCharlesF It was so good to see you too! When Ligs hinted we could bring our own drinks, I was all over it 
Going to sleep drunk on tequila 
slightly worrying that we knew (within 1) how many issues of playboy there have been! but we did win another bottle of wine! 
@TherapyGrill thanks for the good food &amp; drinks! you'll see us again 
@karlalu WOW. fave ko yung sa vodka! i had a penchant for food packaging before, specifically juice/soda cans. 
@mynameissasha seriousss??? holla me then!! we go out for a drink! 
@eskimo_sparky Either that or they all too cheap to buy you a drink 
@sarahjpin Hangover from a tiny vodka? 
@fizz Really? You like? You happy? That's cool.  
ahhhh, need to go to the pub &amp; crack open some fizzy wine, the cash is in 
@Dannymcfly Drink plenty of water! that should perk you up! or if that doesnt work, just start drinkung again 
@Brandy_W Frappucino! I keep a four pack in my fridge at all times. Strangely it doesn't bother my stomach the way normal coffee does. 
Slurpee for breakfast...suck your icee @jaret2113 
@lynseypeterson Is that the red wine talking?  
@smileycamper My lawn needs mowing and I'll have a beer. 
@madnessisay i'm good with the vodka 
reeeed reeed wine  ? ?
@infiltrators just bottle up your thoughts and energy and bring them over ...instead of wine or beer 
Still amazed they named a drink after me: http://twitpic.com/39thw 
was surprised by a bottle of pelee island monarch vidal. by far my fav and for only under $1o. ps. i'm a cheap drunk 
drinking a glass of wine and listening to the rain... mmm it feels like summer. 
Drinks with @erinlanglois and @emmaleahrose 
@TehDonDitty I kinda tolerate it now. But I'd rather have pink fruity drinks. 
@ submercer enjoying my favorite kind of drink...a free one 
wine is yummy 
skyy vodka-raspberry mixed w/ sprite......my drink of choice for tonight 
Oh god seriously drunk 
@aplusk a little Vodka always helps  ;)     oops- I'm out- need more- now!!!  
@ImPrettyCool go get me an energy drink: rockstar!  
We still have plenty of water bottles and Compacts to give away - so stay tuned 
Drunk!!! I love kiwi vodka and hypnotic and shots 
@Zachtastic7 What? no Pepsi tweet?!  
home at last. what a great wine festival and wine maker dinner. i am full and happy. 
@Chuybe Mojitos  best shit ever!!!
hot bartender just mixed me somethin lethal.  
Watching chick flicks w/ the ladie's all night; tissues, Sangria &amp; girl talk to keep us in check!!  (via @GabyJuarez)
Watching chick flicks w/ the ladie's all night; tissues, Sangria &amp; girl talk to keep us in check!! 
@KeshLondon good..now if it was you then I would probably have to get drunk witcha and smash 
@explodedsoda hey ky, up late again? Drinking and tweeting I see 
Eating some yummy greek food and sippin on wine 
watching daft punk intersella 5555 right now and still having a couple of drinks. 
@fubar69 haha wtf!!! i like being clean...until i spill my drink, that is 
Oh....and some pinot noir 
*holds on as @mandahoofs hits the gas* at least, if i get whiplash, we have magic vodka! 
saw some old drinking buddies tonight. no peer pressure. you can have fun sober too 
@bentz10 went to kobi's house to get drunk  mcgurk challenged shelley to a drinking comp and got hideously drunk...
It kind of taste like rubbing alcohol-cola! 
@holly_Dougiemad  sound taste lol XXXX 
It's wine o'clock! 
.@Boddingtons well #3hotwords is trending so we're piggybacking off that!! #noundiessunday 
@Ainav I recommend Redbull 
@tekinom i prefer sparking wine... or cocktail 
@JamFactory I've got two blues already so I'll get involved in that mate!  I just really want the Vimto one ;) haha
@Tizer45 she looks a bit dead until you open it up. 
awww  are you an emotional drunk then?!
cracking open a nice can of Coke 
@fileunder cola rum  #heetwe
@Tizer45 I know right? Bewbs is a great word. 
@stuartheritage thanks  that one beer and a glass of wine on empty stomach was a bit much,but hey, I made it to top 50..THAT should count.
I wonder if I can get @aaronkrager to deliver a big gulp and candy bar to me again today 
starbucks then beer store then bon fire 
i have a craving for kiddie cocktails lol 
@helenr28 If you are not starting the diet till monday you will be able to have another one and a glass of wine to go with it 
knackered and about to enjoy a cheeky glass of wine ... good weekend though! 
At Champagne french bakery having a cappacino; thinking about all the things I need 2 get done 2day. What a gorgeous day 
got the jager...drank the jager..played games..got drunk.. no hangover yes! ;] making kookies today wif heartless  
No drink in summer is ever as nice as matke ka paani in a steel glass 
@Tiffalixx Your like one big bender you kid 
@DanGordon Sounds great....as long as you don't spill that beer into your lap when you fall asleep. 
@godisvoid thats what 20 shots of vodka will do to u 
softball, food, beer. 
I blame it on the alcohol  I don't blame you monica lol XD
is drinking rum and coke 
i prefer coke  #3HotWords
@KendellRenee we'll have to hook up for mojitos then and maybe do a review 
@jennster  Had you invited me, I would have drank the hard liquor.    Beer tastes like cat piss.  I'm assuming, having never tasted it.
I love free mimosas! 
All I can drink from 11-1 I am gonna be an Alcoholic again!   Lol
showering the hairspray, beer, and choclate from the chcolate fountain thanks to @xoegee off of me hahaha 
@twobeerqueers Spilled beer on the keyboard? Sneezed in the mic? 
i think i want a drink 
watching futurama with tim and getting drunk on wine 
All I can say, is it's a great excuse for a lovely glass of wine...  
@sakkakth I don't think that being drunk without company is much fun, but I really didn't want this good bottle of wine to go to vinegar 
@mommapurvis lol yuck...tequila makes me very blunt and mean 
is so freaking bored.....i think i seriously need a drink....or some candy or something lls 
@SGisler excellent.... i owe you a drink 
Cooking some steak, sippin on some beer and eating a salad! 
Just realized spilling slurpee everywhere is a GREAT incentive to clean 
9pm - was at the bar when the earthquake hit, that was fun. don't worry i saved my beer and none of the liquor fell from the shelves 
A glass of wine. Just what I needed. 
@shiftykapone34 haha!! I can't help it, I love my wine 
warming up with a glass (ie. bottle) of red wine and some comfy pink uggs 
Alls well that ends well....healthy and can have a laugh!  and another glass of wine or two, or three..... 
@corinh I'm drinking the Waiheke Cabernet Merlot that @TheWineVault talked about recently  Does that help?
@bendemora @tjinkerson coasters work for me aswell 
cant be bothered going to the gym, having a glass on wine instead!! 
i'll be leaving in two hours.  drink drink drink! 
@petsalamander *pours red fanta all over you* see, was worth it 
@MrFlossy awww sending you a nice soothing glass of wine 
@twilightfairy add some Diet Coke to it 
@aral after bugging you so often re: the videos @ headconference -&gt; you up for a drink / food somewhere during #2M09 it's on me 
YAYS! for scotch and coke 
@modius oh we have a 12 yr old Macallan and a 15 yr old Balvennie (and a 21). we should have a scotch tasting night 
@piercedbrat I would suggest frequenting a local venue that serves alcoholic beverages.. believe there known as pubs 
@magicmillie maybe low fat snickers? we are making it with Mars bars as well 
@beeritforward I didn't get to this last night because my phone died - But I had a Fosters  which apparently the Aussies don't drink...
Has anyone noticed how alcohol enthusiasts gravitate towards one another? 
@modius good to hear you enjoy Macallan whisky. I was in Craiggellachie myself last week close to the distilery, lovely smell! 
is happy because his yeast is happy, and if his yeast is happy then they're making beer! 
@shawnnellbrown lol. that quick? meet too i'm headin to new orleans for a po boy and a Daiquiri 
@atxtraveler well all other sodas are 20 euro cents so just pick 
What did the grape do when it was stepped on? It let out a little wine. 
tetris theme on glass bottles: http://is.gd/B0gJ #funny  (via @Powerflasher)
Drinking coke. It helped  i'm fully awake now O.O
is drinking friji milkshake 
@NickySummer .. just for a cheeky pint 
@seaofcodeine drink enough and it won't matter 
drinking coke 
@lilyroseallen- i really like you...but you should quit the coke...you're so pretty and talented.. without the coke, you would be greAT! 
@Sianz oooh Caipirinha's bloody love them,mmm rum 
@JoyOfStamping where are the new alcohol inks? 
Three beers plus two shots of kahlua plus two shots of vodka plus nyquil equals 
champagne!! Another contract signned!! 
@djgreatscott can I have some more chai overdose? 
#followfriday @Yorksville cos she likes a good brew 
home from supi, got more vitamin water  decided i really don't like orange and the sip of yellow i had was nice 
Its cold.. I need drink to warm myself.. The alcoholic kind 
@voyagerrouge &quot;You know that glass of wine we share every night? I have to stop that.&quot; We're pregnant! 
@countessshyanne 200 cigarettes?? I could use those 
hi brothaaa haha its sarah! drink drink drink! k byee 
Showing kindness to strangers is habit-forming. Drink more water to fight off wrinkles from all that smiling! 
@elliottkember ha, Grolsch and Heineken huh? You've got good taste 
@MichellePen I once asked a holy man and he said 'no one has ever failed to get into heaven for drinking too much tea' funny and true 
drinking red wine 
@buhrayaaan CHILLZ! fave drink 
@geekparrot the turnout was pretty decent.  cosy, and lots of good ol' banter and most importantly, beer. 
@sacredlyzii alrightttyy sip sip zii! hoho 
@gwyn007 we got no invite for wine..... lol!!!! 
i'm thirsty.  i'm going to take a drink. waterr or juice? tehe. &lt;33
Is looking forward to the weekend.......hopefully it will involve plenty of beer/cider/wine...repeat....repeat....repeat 
@Tizer45 he's so selfish. you poor snackless boy. I will mail you some chips, just for you.  *hugs*
@jowalshy  have  a glass of wine .. 
@emargee ah crap, would have like to have gone! never knew! drink definitely in order for the next one! 
last dayyy!!! drink it down and party it up sweeties 
@chriseden Did you mean to come up with the pun 'sniffing around Coke'? 
@purplesime Beers... I can do beers... 
is celebrating her mother 50th in a 2 day birthday bonnaza... Champagne is the way forward may even make the  sunshine 
I need a drink 
@BlokesLib mine might be a bit strong for you, I know you're a cheap drunk, but I can get you a scotch 
@depping I'm sure they have  soda as well duncan 
my friday night is.... pizza +beer/wine + movie = gooden 
@flick_k I've just had the better part of a bottle of wine. I may not be new but i speak drunk good. I love you soooo much! :S 
@CycleFreak that is why you should come down and have a Guinness for lunch 
#followfriday @semanticwill - the intellectual equivalent of a kick in the nuts; a shot of tequila; and a reach-around. 
@greenshizzle i'm sure gilly will welcome your beer breath when you get let in 
Vodka sunrises and @jonasbrothes 
@rlb01 The beer dogs are rockin'  I'd sell more if I could add ice cold beer with them 
@veriette is it not sunny? I might go for a beer methinks 
Just had a fajita and a Heineken on the balcony in fantastic sunshine  We're having ppl over this eve to celebrate Therese's graduating 
Is at the cambridge beer fest 
@Minnwilbanks Apparently not...   Have fun and drink one for me...
@riteshujjwal well TGIFs are our place are pretty awesome ... beer and food ... what more do you need 
@MandyPandy32 sorry for delay - working as well as handing out drinks lol-  shouldnt really admit that should i? 
is getting ready and going to the pub with all my little gays (L) 
i wish i could be the milky bar kid, strong and tough 
@melsia as if you need an excuse to get rid of wine 
Taking Kahlua on a walk  shes so preciousss!! then rehab later, I can finallyy start catching again  
@deadlyknitshade Drunk at the Wetherspoon's altar 
Enjoying a root beer float sitting on the patio overlooking the river.. Its officially summer 
goin to have a few drinks with my celestey 
Home from the gym. Drinking my protein shake. 
Drank my tea and now off to bed, goodnight 4 followers! 
say what you may bout screwtop wine bottles...but damn they open fast! 
is laying in his undies enjoying a drink 
@jalapena2004 You should have some cocktails for me 
@mikerism101  Red wines do tend to be monochromatic - should have thrown a Riesling in the colour mix to 'shake' it up a bit 
Lambrusco is a great way to unwind 
@betsywhim always happy to help - we wouldn't want to deprive you of your drink 
@bar0s yes m'dear! yay i shall see you later 
This is vodka, drink responsibly. 
@maadonna 'course. Now where are those single malts? 
@Envirogisgirl yes  lemonade as an electrolyte/energy drink. ssshhhhh. i have perfected it... with other secret ingredients.
Haha drinking tonight 
@flossysaucyboss: You meant to have a  not :@. I'll be sure to put the beers in the freezer.
@l4cey have a drink for me 
A couple of Tsingtao Beer and a few bowls of meat + rice and I am very full. 
pisco sour is offically my drink of choice for the summer....nothing like partyin it up with your profs lol good times 
@ShellyKramer ah, GG. I do kinda like Hangar 1 Vodka, but again- brown bev 4 me. Bourbon, Single Malt Scotch, Rum, Irish Whiskey. 
@Mirahtrunks kiwi strawberry folife! its the best Gatorade ever made. oh and I like the red starburst better 
just finished eating lunch. Drinking Sprite right now. 
playing some guitar with my buddy matt drinking on some Heineken  hey if you're going to do it... do it right!
FRIENDS, taco bell, neon bandaids, walking to the liquor store on trinity ln, kroger, beer, cigs, wii bowling, thrice. what a great day 
@EBBSBABY i got u a couple cups 
went out to the brew and sang karaoke... it was amazing 
I'm drinkin Resposado Tequila with my boyfriend.. It's gonna be a long night, and I'm just gettin started!!! LOL  happytimes ladies.....
I am having a glass of wine and taking in the big 40 
You dont even wanna know what im doin rightnow lawlz.  drink drank drunkgirlsnightsuccess+afewboys.
@shoelover79 Baileys in the bottle? 
blame it on the a-a-alcohol. 
BrB...about to eat, drink and dance 
is ready for milwaukee! beer, german food, museum, and zoo, here i come. 
starting off with a cougar (bourbon) on the rocks 
Just @ lumpys having a drink..very chill..the boys didn't wanna drive far or it woulda been a bar named sue 
some good news: campaniile online de Coca Cola au succes! tocmai ce-a venit raportul 
@ShottaDru I think I need another drink. Thanks 
@steelkey it is definitely wine-o'clock 
@pixel8ted ... and a dry vodka martini with a twist 
so very tired!!! need coke 
funny how a mimosa ends up being a bottle of wine for each roomie. 
@mrp0822  alcohol 
man.. i already miss the blocks of cheese and the bottles of wine...and steak too 
had some wines and about to head out for dinnerrr 
@jamethiel_bane drink the one w the prettiest label first! /not a regular wine drinker 
@mikegentile snakebites are my fave  rattlesnakes are even better, much stronger cider, beer and blackcurrent, noone ever does them though
@nazra I gladly take any Guiness record as long as I'm feature in the book 
awesome arvo 4km run &amp; rum &amp; coke now chops &amp; red wine 
@steelegti If you mainline it then you won't taste it.  That's why I'd never mainline beer. 
