Most common words for this cluster:
[('birthday', 886), ('bday', 110), ('party', 77), ('today', 63), ('wedding', 51), ('th', 29), ('present', 29), ('dinner', 26), ('cake', 26), ('tomorrow', 25), ('nanda', 25), ('com', 23)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'birthday', 0.9102480411529541), (u'bday', 0.7666155695915222), (u'brithday', 0.7344098091125488), (u"b'day", 0.7333633899688721), (u'birthdays', 0.705162525177002), (u'##st_birthday', 0.6967414021492004), (u'Birthday', 0.6845627427101135), (u'wedding_anniversary', 0.6797012686729431), (u'birthday_bash', 0.6750341653823853), (u'unbirthday', 0.6658293604850769)]





@alejandralei i dont think i can cause its my cousins birthday party 
has tonsilitis on my birthday 
Just remembered that I've forgotten my best friends birthday 
@DHughesy Thats when i have my birthday, but we already have plans 
@Nappytabs aaaaah im insanely annoyed at the fact that i didnt get to meet you  and i wanted it to be my birthday wishhh. ahah awwwwwww.
birthday soons 
Its my birthday!!!  too bad I have to spend it without the hubby...
@nancypr19- how was your birthday? presents? my cell is shut off so cannot call or send text 
Aww, the batteries on my flashing birthday badge are dying 
@natmillAr Nataliee! I love you and still have your bday gift  I must see you soon!!!
going to a birthday party for a 3 yr old today that used to be in my class @ daycare.Wish the rain would stop 
@amazingphoebe i can't see you tomorrow morning, we're going out for birthday breakfast with grandma. i'll talk to you when i get home 
is its suppose to my birthday festivities..but im feeling sad 
birthday party turned into puke fest for my 4 year old 
db birthday. its so hot 
i just broke the present i was going to give my daughter for her bday 
fuck a birthday 
@MIZZWALKER aww I remember your bday dinner last year!  have fun for me!!!
I need new friends  it's my birthday today we were supposed to go out tonight and they all flaked 
@savannahkenney we totally forgot about the wedding. I just realized 
it was my birthday  i wannt to break up with him but im scared of being lonelyyyyy  Elpppp
I didn't go to my granpas birthday party because im littlebit sick 
Working...  my birthday is tomorrrrrrrow
@PeterCrouch been trying to get your autograph for my son's birthday but portsmouth fc keep ignoring my emails 
cant read new moon for 27 days as i'm getting it for a birthday present  not happy
It's supposed to be cold and rainy on my birthday. 
@macc8 me too sis..me 2. I am sad u won't b here for lola's bday 
@mbaa And on your birthday as well 
Why am I not looking forward to my birthday at all? 
i couldn't be any sadder on my birthday..lost my phone 
ohh! i dont want to celebrate my birthday in an isolated place. 
will anyone reply to me when its actually my birthday? 
@leaahrrrB aw i wish you were here for your birthday too 
its my birthday and i can't sleep 
It's my birthday and I'm going to work 
writing a speech about Chinese birthdays. 
is not celebrating his birthday with him 
@saintcreaghzy kelly gave it to me for my birthday. yeah jus onee for hoyts 
i forgot its my dad's birthday today.  ))
its my 18th brithday and my poor mother is devastatedd  lol
@daisyrjordan that's amazing. they'll do a concert here in may 28, a day after my birthday but my dad don't let me go 
@DearAbbieRoad  i'm sorry  but i had to do shit for my mom and i have a party for my late birthday
@GdUpSwag  follow me its my birthday and  thats my present 
dad's and blair's birthday! not allowed to go to blair's or fatties  ohhh well
phoenix? may 5th? for my birthday? 
How is it that all it take is one person to ruin your birthday. 
8.11am and birthday is already epic fail 
I'm having a strop because my birthday is too far away and I want my present 
Ending what would have to be the most boring bday ever.... spent it doing an essay 
bummed. need a partaaay for my bday 
aww.bummer. it's raining on my birthday. 
YAY guess what! http://damdevil.org's birthday is comming up!!! w00t i cant belive its been soo long 
My dad forgot about my birthday 
Thats was possibly the worst birthday party ever 
nooo!!! today's my cousin's birthday 
@Tumultuous why didn't I see you!?  or did I and now I've forgotten? oh well. happy birthday!
UPSET idid not get to see my bestfrienddd ( tim ) on his birthday 
I dont get to have a birthday party this year 
@takehomemaui no tattoo for me.  my parents would KILLLLLLLLL me. you should get one, though!!!! it can be a belated bday gift to yourself
watching the deals, waiting for daaaddy cuz its his birthday, but is still sick 
mornin all! have to go to nans for her birthday  boringgggg
@Galacticboy and no birthday presents for me 
honestly, i miss someone who gave me a super silly birthday gift. you know who you are, ass 
http://twitpic.com/4jihv - the family at azzuros for nan's 70th birthday (minus me i was poorly  )
@SlimmDuddy I might be... I don't even know yet...  I know I will be in the A for birthday bash
im sick on my birthday 
I am not going out for my birthday because I am sick  ugh.
Sitting at work wishing the night was over. I wanted to be with my son for his first birthday..... 
if i cant drink on my 18th birthday, then i dont want to have a party no more 
@Erocc I know!!! But its my little sisters 21st birthday! 
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/336u5 - too bad she got eliminated !!!  get her for your seventeenth birthday
i want to meet @DavidArchie. i want last sunday back. i want my birthday back 
missing my sister  can't imagine my birthday without her...
@tiffanie how come you weren't at natalie's birthday party? i saw pics and the other girls were there but you werent 
I'm almost getting my ass kicked for not knowing what I want for my birthday 
@colettebennett I tried calling you to wish you happy birthday, but your voicemail doesn't answer. 
@BeckyBuckwild I actually thought the reunion was going to be interesting 
no double wedding 
@BeckyBuckwild  dayummm you weren't even on the reunion...disappointing 
@DaRealSebastian my mom told me to shut up when i thanked her for conceiving me on her birthday in 82 
is the birthday boy today 
Sure sign that I got too much work... I completely forgot to call my dad on his birthday. Not good! Not good at all! 
had an alrite birthday... coz she had to go to uni *tear*     But still 18 baby!! 
@hesa is it ever! I'd like one for my birthday 
@chasing_thomas    i so shoulda sent you some ketchup for your birthday lol!!.......actually thats mean 
cant believe she forgot tylers birthday card at home. 
@sherrymain thanks for hosting your own birthday dinner and buying your own cake 
I missed my friend's birthday party. I feel bad and douchey. I haven't seen her in over a year. 
@clarasdiary cool well good luck. i feel like i wanna die. me and my best friend fell out at her birthday party  not exactly bffs now 
@emilyninja Aww it's your roommate's birthday though 
birthdays just aren't the same without my mum. This is the first birthday without her, it's so hard and different. I've already cried 
normal day, revising on my birthday, maths exam on wednesday  
my baby cousin's birthday party is getting rained out. 
@beckybootm aw! I wish i could go. If it weren't my brother's birthday 
@NicoleJensen aww AWWW I want to go to one of these but theres a birthday party I must attend.  poooop
My birthday was the worst ever. I was called things I've never been called before and left alone at disneyland to cry. 
discussing with my girl. were trying to find out how to celebrate my birthday, and i wanna bring a chair! but she wont let me 
writing.. well.. not writing. typing.. a message for my friend's birthday. can't come to her celebration 
@lilyroseallen you know lily when it's my birthday you will be in australia...sadly not canberra  but somehow i dont think you care!!!
Its only 7am and my birthday plans are already fucked up. I hate life. 
@Rachiee_caff stars prob cause i am only alowed a little one for my birthday 
I just lost my bday balloon  no fair oh well a memory to keep that balloon that blew away on my birthday
I need to go home and straight to bed! Not trying to be sick before the wedding 
@zeet75 No, no eyeshadow pallet. They usually don't give me presents until my birthday party but they're broke so....  I NEED THAT PALLET!
It's already sucking...I'm no longer excited about my birthday 
i don't wanna lost my birthday 
@jomused  hope you feel better. &quot;it's my birthday and i'll cry if i want to!&quot;
i'm sick on my birthday 
sicky  and my mummas birthday 
No more bday cake left 
@omegatron sowee!  we're here for @sunshinetalia's birthday.
accordin to google, its marry cassatts' birthday today. why cant google look special on my birthday 
and i just found out that i can't have khris with me on my birthday 
I forgot a dear friends birthday.... How guilty do I feel!! 
thanks @geeej! i love you! &amp;eerockh, it is not our birthday anymore  how sad
I cant give @jertronic any bday nudges. 
My birthday is now over. 
@ykesha2001 yeah, I also had to do a paper.. I only have one more final left: algebra.. &amp; I take it on my birthday!!   (june 3)
@AsherUK i wanted to go for my birthday... 
i need to get my life together aka my apartment all cleaned and back how it was before my birthday 
hillsong tom. night, and dad's birthday! i wish i could see him on his bday though. 
@XJakeXChaosX they prob are sold out.    all i wanted was to see them for my bday lol
@clairemcs i dunno if he saw it  happy birthday girl!
Heading to a wedding 
@jonasbrothers please nick, say happy birthday to me. my birthday was yesterday! 
@jonasbrothers pleaseeeee .. it was the only thing I wanted for my birthdayyyy!  please say happy birthday to me!
@RaemonVip  I will. tell him I said happy birthday tomorrow too. is you talking about raymond?
missing @justbrad on his birthday  
@halbpro it's called retro my dear and I wear fifties fashion sometimes....did you not see my birthday pictures? 
@kingivn Have fun amorsote even tho u forgot my bday 
@Clareies I'm 25 in december that's not good at all next big birthday is 30  after 21 it flys by for sure
??????? #bash ?? ??????? ????????? ???? 
At the lab, doing nothing for my birthday  @damonjamal doesnt feel the birthday spirit
@cscotta  is it your birthday?
Really sad she couldn't go to the wedding.  I grew up with the kid and falls creek wouldn't let me off.  boo
http://twitpic.com/68ax4 - my birthday tulips are wilting 
@perryhawkins awww baby it comes out in october, not in time for your birthday   www.djhero.com
 ...great wedding but ....
my birthday is almost over 
it's not my birthday anymore 
plus it's my birthday in july!!! getting olddddd 
wishes she hadn't been sick for her best friend's birthday party. 
@lolporn I don't know. It's the first birthday I haven't looked forward to 
@LaurelSturrock sounds fun! I went there for a wedding back in 07, but I haven't been up there since. i miss it  haha.
My boys birthday today. He's now 12. I'm starting to feel old! 
The seriously unhappy birthday girl is going to bed now 
@GeeIsMe you're a racist. admit it. you wont even be here for your bff's birthday! 
@tommcfly hi, today my sister and couse &lt;or&amp;roni&gt; have birthday and they are huge mcfly fans, can you plz tell them happy birthday? xX 
is trying to make a decent birthday card. Failing miserably 
Misses his fabulous baby boo  todays his birthday and I'm not with him
I wish i had my westfield biddies for my birthday celebrations tonight. 
@cecilialee are you alright?  i was going to invite you to my birthday dinner but you never answered your phone
I think I'll sleep already? Aww, birthday's ovah soon. 
@sweetkisses0530 That stinks doesn't, esp on your birthday 
got the cousins birthday bash tonight .. Not feeling too well though  darn this cold!
On my way to 2 birthday parties. One at 1 and one at 4. And there aren't any yard sales to stop at 
@haleywxx i forgot too  so i think we need to have our own birthday dinner because i feel like a bad person
@TheRealBPS have fun at the wedding!  i wish i could go too 
enjoying the sunshine while hubby has to sleep his birthday away and work tonight 
it's my dad's birthday tomor- ...oh it's today!!!! today's my dad's birthday :O  hmmm i haven't bought him a gift yet 
Celebrating my aunt's birthday party... without my honey.. 
I'm ready to go home to celebrate my brother's birthday! He's 23 today! He's growing up so fast! 
Celebrating my aunt's birthday... without my honey.. 
shower then huunsters birthday party he is 3 now lol wishes i was going to rockfest 
@stephylineup i wont be able to  ima just take mrs jay out for dinner and movies for her bday
i have to help with my sisters13th birthday party stuff.I have a terrible headache already! 
drumline camping aka missing my dad's birthday 
@afaustino22  it's my brother's 18th bday so i cant go!
I'm enjoying the fact that I can't have my birthday off! 
@sammlessthan3 i did nothin. . . .  worst bday ever. . . . .
@sjsmith88 did your birthday already pass?  I think it did 
@lmjtart http://twitpic.com/6ad8w - I am so jealous!!! I don't even have a birthday cake this year 
@plumbum_cherry Thanks! I just feel bad that I forgot to celebrate my screen name's 10th birthday  Such a milestone!
I can't hang out with you guys tonight it's my sisters birthday... she's going out tonite but I have to work early tomorrow    idk
I feel like shit,I'm missing one of my best friends 21st birthday party.I've planned it with her and now I'm a no show! omg 
@JenniferLeeland I'm feeling like that right now, but for 30, since my birthday is soon. I don't wanna get old! 
I just broke the news to my mom that I'm not gonna be here for her birthday/  She took it well though. Haha.
1st time I've had to remove my kiddo from public place in full-on tantrum mode. At a birthday party during cake &amp; gifts. I was mortified 
heading to friends birthday party. probably missing pushing daisies on t.v. tonight. 
let me be the one who calls you baby all the timee... i still want that birthday gift 
ahh, stop...you shouldn't.  but i'm very curious ~ even tho i'm not that excited for my birthday 
@mitchelmusso  its on my birthday and i can't go 
missing out on 3 wedding invites to finish up my schoolwork 
He missed my fxcking birthday 
@GymBrown wishi was there  happy bday
@NFTP i need a roommate, i need to pass portfolio.... and i forgot my own birthday. 
Its my bday 2day and my grandma didnt even say happy birthday!!!! 
@pcdnicole your present 'cause your birthday is coming soon . but we didn't find a way 
is getting ready to go to a wedding but it's not her wedding!  
@black_list is getting ready to go to a wedding but it's not her wedding!  
still praying for the same old birthday wish. 
@passiontea my dad got me tickets for my birthday i like cried i was so happy 
@SmallEyez dude, i have no bday arrangements 
@jayboy393 I miss you too.  happy birthday skanky mcskank!&lt;3333
@TVGeekGirl I'm sorry your birthday started off bad.  
is papering her life away. so much for a fun birthday weekend. 
@Princesz22 i was going to for my bday but it was on easter n it was tooo packed 
have to go into school tomoro  then up2 glasgow to get my birthday present 
Ah bday coming up...i feel old 
@revfry we are still over at my parents house, waiting for the birthday dinner to start. We won't be there in time 
I just realize that I didn't get to make a birthday candle wish. 
2:30pm bed time birthday over   http://yfrog.com/5ca0aj
@stolenrain I thought I did reply though   Your birthday message?
well its been 48 hrs and my weapons have not been returned .. happy birthday to me 
i'm really sad...my 21st birthday just fell apart.. 
i miss my jeffrey  but its almost his birthday! i get good gifts! 
i'm missing a birthday party becos i'm feeling unwell, crappy and tired. 
You know, it's my 16th birthday in 9 days... But I don't think anyone will remember 
:'( my cellphone is still busted!.huhuhu,and it's almost my birthday!. 
@EricMerrill I'm going to be out of the country on your birthday.  you better have a redic birthday
Todays my birthday  going to work 
http://twitpic.com/6eeq3 - from lunch for my birthday. i miss my long hair 
@MelissaHeckman Today would have been my grandpa's 83rd birthday 
Today would have been my grandpa's 83rs birthday. 
@Lonnieann I'm sorry we couldn't make it, we really wanted to - I had a family function (niece's bday) that I couldn't miss   CONGRATS!
is laid on the balcony revising for tomorrows exam and is gutted that its on her birthday 
how are you people ?  i'm sad tomorrow is my birthday and i am bad , ill 
My birthday. I have cold and sore throat.Does someone give more? 
broke up with my boyfriend, and now going to end up seeing him tonite at my friends birthday party. i really hope this wont be awkward 
@jstsmiiles uhmmm I close  and bet Malcs bday and my sisters bday I'll def be broke by friday...
@TheMelodramatic  if i want birthday cake i have to buy it myself 
@Clostar14 every year, this always happens! really sunny on days leading up to my birthday then weather on my birthday sucks 
- @benboychuk I hope it's not actually on here birthday that she's getting shots.  
@ShelbyStardust harry potter comes out on my birthday and I can't see it 
@BrickHouseIzDa1 LOL i just never ben to a wedding 
I appear to be allergic to my wedding ring  http://twitpic.com/6fhg3
haven't seen a birthday invite from solis yet. 
my birthday sucked.  i have the most selfish friends ever, possibly. fuck em.
i hope @austinhurt &amp; @zachhurt have an enjoyable bday dinner!!! sad i cant attend 
i shouldnt have to wear a coat outside so close to my birthday! 
@kmilluh awwww! not on your birthday!!!  
 I only wanted him to wish me happy birthday.. So much for remembering. Its called facebook these days.
I can't believe that forgot to send my dad a card for his birthday today!  I'm a bad son.  
@SMack_xc awww kiddo, i just realized. my grandpa's birthday is on wednesday. which means i wont be able to go 
trying to plan a birthday party is difficult when all your friends have decided to do stuff all weekend 
@LeighFrancis I got my girl a wii fit for her birthday, she's only used it once. 
@Bexlet It's sooo nice! I've been to town (birthday present shopping) but I don't think I can risk too much more sun exposure 
birthday vibes today.. 31 isn't sommin to shout about tho 
Seems it's going to rain on my birthday. 
so ill  makes for a crap holiday and birthday
came in from revising, it went all cold on me!  off to pick my sister up in a bit from school then need to go to town to get bday presents
Not getting a placement for his birthday 
gah- i wanted to include a cake-eating pic of the baby in his birthday gift thank yous but target doesnt do wallet size online for pickup 
@ShazamSF I'm afraid I don't check your blog regularly enough  But happy belated birthday! I hope you had a great day
I wanted everything to be perfect today for him but he looks more unhappy than i last saw him  its your birthday baby.
It looks like it might rain on my birthday 
@dougiemcfly i have one and i'd love to but i'm not in porto alegre  today is my birthday can you say happy birthday to me? pleeeease?
feeling like several factors are threatening to ruin my bday celebration 
It's my birthday tomorrow 
i can't believe i forgot your birthday, fml. 
boo  everyone's away for my b'day this yr.
@YayMe17 hey dear! How are you? I guess I missed all the fun too...I had a bday dinner party &amp; then couldnt get my internet to work... 
is cranky that #btub is on the same night as my brothers birthday  http://tinyurl.com/ozyhko
it's my dad's birthday today. and i can't seem to get reach him on the phone 
@kimboot some of us met in orland for brittany's birthday. i can't go to champaign  i have work
My birthday is almost over 
My dream was so sad last night. I had a birthday party and no one came 
It should be illegal to have to go to a maths seminar on your birthday 
im sick on my birthday 
@_micster So now I look old! And it's my birthday soon, too! 
@sara_morgan but it's birthday soon 
I can't believe there's only 3 days until the wedding and I feel awful 
early birthday celebrations at home today, pity i'm in the middle of exams 
Off to the cricket for nans birthday still sick  but happy x
Just had the most painful injection on her birthday 
@imalexevans ohhh, that's upsetting. I was thinking about asking for that for my birthday  haha!
No car for my birthday, oh well 
this birthday card isn't turning out right 
@melodyee im being booted off now  , haha you will  i want a bf comment confessing his love too be as a birthday present, lol jokes :l
@thebeatles that's almost my birthday! 
promise to reply later. i know im not having a massive birthday party now. fucked exams = pissed parents = no party. oh joy joy joy 
@mitchelmusso mitch,yesterday was my birthday.please say something 
@billbeckett it's my birthday too today.I'm turning 17, please reply with happy birthday! It would make my day so much better,kinda sucks 
Is officially 19. Being sick on your birthday is not exactly a great present though. 
it's raining, i hear police sirens; i have nowhere to go, and i'm completely bored. worst birthday ever!!!! 
My birthday gift for a friend won't get here until the 9th.  I was hoping to have it by today or tomorrow. 
what a birthday so far! celebrating by studying for my accounting final tomorrow. FAILSAUCE. 
@soiletyougo  more importantly it's my birthday!!
my step mom got me a jonas brothers bag for my birthday fsdlgh filled with nineteen presents because i told her that's what i wanted 
Haapy birthday to my deary fiance, too bad he's not here with me now 
Oh  my best friend cant come to my birthday
@Islandfire did you forget about me?  its my birthday too!! lol
I can't sleep and I don't really want to go to my niece's birthday party. I don't even feel good. 
I can't sleep and I don't really want to go to my niece's birthday party today. I don't even feel good. 
@AndieElton i can't. tomorrow is kaylens birthday 
It's not my birthday anymore  I better perfect the cute face if I'm going to get more human food!
@RosieReaper              this is all i wanted for my birthday, and now i don't think i can go!
I'm hoping it stays dry for my son's birthday party.... but somehow I think it won't 
going to a dress up birthday party today.. hollywood style... my costume has not arrived yet...  
Going to a wedding. It's raining 
is not liking the fact that facebook means you dont get real birthday cards anymore  well not as many!
Not getting a 16th birthday party   well I kinda gessed 
It's my mum's birthday today. Unfortunately I'm still sunburnt so I can't do much for her. 
On camping trip for son's birthday.  He gashes ear and can't go swimming...   
@masqueradelife Haha, I would, but it's my brothers birthday, so I can't 
getting ready for chase's graduation/18th birthday/going away to boot camp party at noon. Tomoorrow is is actual b-day.  i'll cry
hopes her cousin has a great 18th birthday 'mash', wish i couldve come but im too ill 
@fluffypenguins My birthday does not deserve a good smily face! my birthday = 
there is a very loud very large indian wedding going on a the fairmont - it woke me up 
what would you give a blind girl on her birthday?? we need ideas 
@rebstew I bought you those tickets as a surprise for your birthday. 
Oh well.  He ditched me for my brother on my birthday.  
my birthday is in two days. i REALLY wish i was having a party  so bummed that im not
@tayylorrrrxoxo thanks soooo much! i have nothing to wear  and it's my friend's birthday party. the only thing that i know i have to wear
awww i didn't win the @mysuitestuff pillows  birthday gift anyone? *wink* *nudge*
is cranky that #btub is on the same night as my brothers birthday  http://tinyurl.com/ozyhko
no cottage   no stag and doe    what a shitty birthday weekend
gotta work on my birthday 
My baby's 2nd birthday party is today 
@galaxydazzle @tommcfly, your birthday plans are ruined now, we made a picture of how you'd look on your birthday now the photos leaked! 
What was I thinking? Just now discovering what #kettlebell swings can do to a wedding ring.  
He knows everyone's birthday, but mine 
@jesssicaraymond its my nans birthday who died at the end ov last year 
celebrating sisters birthday--but really wishing i was at the gathering. 
my birthday was fun, now i'm sick 
@xokaytee i was hoping to be back for jessica's birthday get together 
didnt get to make it to jazzys birthday   I had a grouchy son who needed a nap!!
nooooo i hate my life. my mom said i get no birthday party... 
@azzurri_94 Not my birthday, but one day, I'll be going alone though 
says back from friend's bday party. had fun but sad news, they're not going to vegas with me  http://plurk.com/p/yyhi2
My best friend forgot about my birthday. 
I forgot it was my dad's birthday today and I saw him multiple times. 
birthday is over 
off to my parents to eat dinner and say bye as they are leaving to the beach for a week long vacay, and are missing my Nellys 12th bday 
@misskatastrophe nope. our class will start on june 22.. i wish i could have all of you on my birthday! 
I want an itouch for my bday, do I think I'll get it? probably not!  
Not such a great birthday 
I want to go to a wedding. 
It is now midnight, and therefore, no longer my bday. 
And the bullshit continues. This birthday was worse than my 6th one when I threw up all my cake 
birthday sex! too bad it's not my b-day  lmao!!! wishing my birthday was everyday!
@thepatbrown but then you'll miss my birthday 
It's not my birthday anymore 
@taylorswift13 I really really wish I could of gone to your concert tonight!, It's my birthday too   but i get to see you live oct 2nd!
http://twitpic.com/6teqy - my niece's 3rd bday  she's growing up so fast!
what am i gonna do to celebrate his birthday?? 
21st december 2012 better not be the end of the world coz thats my birthday  and id rather live for my birthday thankyou aztecs!
@monstris fucks0cks.i forgot about your party my dear  i hope turning 29a will only hurt as much as using your new toys ;) !happy birthday
birthday over...  x
@fitrop bday siapa nanti malem? if i could come to see 
quite badly burnt my fingers on oil cooking my dad breakfast today for his birthday woe is me 
@ftjl i didnt get any emails but jie meiling says its about uncles birthday do? dont think i'll be able to go  sorry
@EmperorHyperion i know  that was my first thought when i saw it was his bday 
tomorrow is my bestfriend deo's birthday! I miss him so much 
@terrellowens81 thanks 4 the bday wish...it was the hilight of my day...so far this bday has been horrible 
Hungover  gearing up for doodle's first bday party!
Missing church again  mom's birthday and work.
ok now i have my pic set as my papa's birthday cake i'm not sure who made it tho, me? my sis? or my granny? i dunno but i never got any 
got back from shops,bought a dress+some earings! bff a present for her birthday even tho i cant be there  bloomin zante's then aint it !
@mollymolly88 and thats my birthday weekend. 
It's our 1 yr anniversary!! So fast!!! I'm not getting any gift   But maybe icecream can do!
@emma_elizabeth you have it then, i'll email it to you, sorry to hear about the birthday dinner, you know i wanted to be there 
@stephjonasx33  gas money would be a great christmas present. you know what i want for my birthday? haha
@crystalleigh I'm terrible at remembering birthdays... 
so tired.  now to gville for birthday celebrations for my momma and brother.
@RealJessicaAlba  would you follow meee? would be a nice bday present 
hoooome. now time for my little brother's birthday dinner. he's now 19...i feel old. 
work tonight. i hope i don't have to go to work tomorrow so i can go out for my birthday dinner  (because there's no party this year   )
I honestly don't want to do a birthday party no more but alyssa and abby are making me gosh I am so freakin frustrated 
i missed the wedding 
@iiMMA_kiinq and todays erikas birthday and I'm not with her so double sadness 
going to bed, then when i awake, sierra will turn 3 years old (born at 12:45am) but i have to work on her birthday waaaaa 
@purplecosmos meant little burger lol. i had the iphone but it went swimming back on my birthday.  so i been using my older...
I cant decide on the design for my birthday cake 
doesn't think she's going to get the only thing she REALLY wants for her birthday... 
my bro said he would teach me guitar for my birthday 3 years ago and he still hasnt taught me 
Its my daddys birthday and i havent even seen him 
today's honeys birthday &lt;3  i have to make a cake. but i can't  that just sucks
i can't wait to play in leeds on my birthday, i wish i was on tour though! 
My birthday is this thursday and my boy is in china.  Any friends around to celebrate with me?
is  cause i'm working on marks birthday tommorow. 
@AceyBongos xbl is down for my birthday 
i miss my adviser last school year...  its her birthday!! hapi birthday mrs cruz!! and charise!!!
@ch3x no, my bestfriend from high school  shirls remembered my birthday hehe
can't believe I forgot last friday was dads birthday! -- I'm a horrible son!! 
@Dippersuk Aww, you were not able to do the birthday song?  
#squarespace birthday on saturday! shame about the driving 
@SuperFlange I want baked goods  who's bday?
Its not my birthday anymore 
Just realized I forgot my dads birthday. Two days late  
@drekviii lol you would. and i hope i do  &amp; hey... someones birthday is coming uppppp(:
getting ready to work out... again. and then picking up dani because it's her birthday and she's alllllllll alone. 
ooooo nooo! clas with birthday plans.....  fingers crossed people..
miserable. need cheering up and for my wages to be paid. i dont want to be grumpy on my mum's birthday 
I would really like to be at home in bed with my birthday boy 
I can't believe I'm missing my baby sister's 18th birthday tomorrow.... 
He is the only one i love,but i cant invite him to my bday dinner,its only bcause my big ego 
i might be phoneless until my birthday 
@DaGurlNikki - I don't know what I want for my birthday either. 
@Everlook I want some cake  It *is* almost my birthday
I believe tomorrow will be the first birthday I have ever worked on. 
My baby has a fever  So sad, I don't want him to be sick for his 3rd birthday tomorrow 
its my birthday tomorrow... you whores 
It's sad that i'm missing my brother's birthday.  
has just been sick    too much birthday cake
I would like to do something with my friends for my birthday 
@rustyrockets I fear you may not be on before my birthday (20th) may i get a message + some loving now?!  xxxxxxxxx
@joelchapman Have fun away joel.. i will miss all your prescences on my birthday 
@kimberlytia when IS wuzzy's bday? she refuses to tell me 
@jamieleesofly  i really wanted to hang out with you on your birthday, sorry i had to be the party pooper ..im still trying to switch
birthday depression 
@crazytales how mean  I hope u have a good bday though.
My anniversary is almost over 
@caitlinhosking awwh but i saids happy birthdays 
it's officially my birthday, I'm no longer a teenager  moment of  silence please #fb
@Smilesx I refuse to say happy birthday, 19 forever!  &lt;3
I did not ask to be born on my mom's birthday, and I really wish she'd stop guilt tripping me about it. Its getting worse the older I get 
sad to be missing @adamwallenta's wedding    but happy that he's happy!
@laurahyde I wanna stay 18 forever... it's the best of both worlds responsibility wise. 19 is such a nothingy birthday, then it's 20... 
I am officially the wedding planner 
@claudrod aww wrong spelling  fete!
Wishing I didn't have to miss my mama's birthday today! 
it's my birthday. Woofuckinghoo. 
no no no @katieeealice! however i was going to pretend that i had forgotten.i was trying to remember my friends birthday but to no avail 
dad's birthday. 
Any ideas what i can get the boyfriend for his birthday? I hate buying presents for guys 
planning a birthday is fraustratingggg 
My daddy sent me a hello kitty birthday card  I wanna go home!!
uploading a video of me opening presents.  i got overwhelmed and started crying   thank you all very much again for the birthday wishes!
i feel terrible. i forgot bailee's birthday two days ago 
bought marissa's birthday present. couldn't find a dress for thursday &amp; vs pink was not on sale. 
@isthemasterplan okayyyy i sent you a happy birthday but apparently you didn't receive it  ily you, happy birhtday pumpkinn
@ECtarget sorry about killing you  I plan on making one for my birthday in sept. If you'll be there?
@DanjahOne how was ur birthday? i totally owe you a drink! 
@jephjacques  the birthday girl didn't get a mean tweet...
@SassySenna ...it was my birthday because @_MikeNewton_ forgot!    I knew he would!!  Boys are silly.
@hesheshesh i have to go to stupid katie's birthday dinner  i want constant sms updates plz.
19 days till my birthday im getting old 
Abondoned on my birthday  but at least I have jenssix!
I feel bad for my dad; his birthday isn't turning out to be a very happy one 
Only 2 seconds left till @solarsistir's birthday is over 
Today is my little brothers birthday! I only got him two birthday presents, I think I gave him some really crappy ones 
i want to know how to get russell brand to tweet me happy birthday 
Is it my birthday, graduation, or christmas?!?! I want the fae!  She belongs in my collection  she's lonely! http://tinyurl.com/ko6hta
morning  erughhh school which i hate so much , also its my bestfriend's birthday soo you know.
@DarnellWright I didn't get no birthday love from you. Should I cry now or later? 
late afternoon and haven't made a dent in my #todo list  for today      daughter's birthday - too many distractions !
late afternoon and haven't made a dent in my #todo list for today  daughter's birthday - too many distractions !
Otw to Dapoer . I really want @nez23 @samthekid @stephensubeno to attend my birthday 
@beckamcmaster 31 is nothing - I'll be chalking up 35 next birthday 
@emma_elizabeth i can see why  if i could i would mate youknowsit my birthday were exactly same
It's my bestfriend's birthday and I'm not even home to see her! 
My birthday is tomorrow. We're taking the kids to the zoo. I hope we don't get rained out 
@MadamSalami oo, ninjas birthday cake! hows that going...... or  shouldnt i ask? erm, i need more hotels, b&amp;b names. all are booked 
sad that it's not my birthday anymore and that my balloon is deflating 
What a crappy day for a birthday 
@Meggs14 I can't post the video today actually were celebrating my step sis' birthday. 
@bsmrocks I can't make that  It's one of my best friends' birthday and he doesn't want to go to rapturefest. I am gutted to say the least.
@Mhae92 i know  i think that you should try to get david to wish you happy birthday once he's on. then i bet he would.
wondering why i made josh birthday cupcakes and ate almost all of them myself    poor tummy
@drewthomsen omfg special anniversary edition. I want it 
damn it but am broke on my birthday,so am not doing a damn thing,not even for a birthday cake 
firetruck and paramedic outside. no stickers. shucks.  *happy half birthday to me*
@GeminiTwisted I so wanna take you out for your birthday right now.....do it up right and spoil you for the night... 
An 8 year old called in and requested birthday sex on 92.5 hahahaha. He probably gets more vag than I do...over ruled 
@joannawatkins you ordered your wedding invitations??  from where? i'm just curious - promise.
I like my birthdays like my Christmases: lonely. 
@NazNyc  @ bday drama... keep both of you in my prayers for reconciliation
can't upload photos taken last night from marj's bday dinner. my card reader was spoiled. 
loves how no one showed up for her birthday! 
birthday almost over 
Y does it have to thunderstorm on my bday 
@gideonite: yes babe! HAHA I can imagine the reaction that follows this. missing camp already  happy celebrating angie's birthday (L)
What sucks is that they got my anniversary gift from my wife. 
For as far back as i can remember it has always rained on my birthday 
my family forgot my birthday, how sad! 
This lady just got laid off and its her  birthday 
@timebombkustoms im not going this yr....i got a wedding to go to 
@Ieuuu I am gutted I won't be here for Ambers real birthday now 
Omigoshhhh why did i choosed to spent my birthday in camp! I'm probably gonna feel really miserable 
@litterthisheart awww happy belated birthday, bb! I completely missed it 
I don't do this, but I'm coming up on an ex boyfriends birthday that he won't get to celebrate this year, still a hard pill to swallow. 
stressing about birthdays 
Crapiest birthday ever!!!!!!!!! it already sucks being 14 
Why does it have to rain on my birthday? 
I quit my birthday  stupid ass hole ruined it. anns
@SmallC I got a crockpot for my bday..... still have not used it! 
thinks that she should do a dinner and a movie for her boyfriend on his birthday. also doesn't feel financially secure 
@jrocc birthday wishes, even though the beat with the crushin' vocal stabs on top made me hate you secretly. goddamnit 
the song birthday sex is just dissapointing 
when its my birthday i already have to go to the airport at 05.30 how terrible! 
made the mistake of looking at my birthday pictures. 
Almost forgot my mums birthday. I'm the worst 
@Flaxxxen I wish. I have to go to a wedding.... 
But it's still my birthday!! 
It's my birthday &amp;&amp; I'll cry if I want to... I miss her so much! 
I dunno what to do for my bday. 
is sad her birthday is over!! 
and then my birthday gift for my boyfriend was ruined 
ahhh so tired... not my birthday anymore 
Today is my sister 21st bday! howww scary how grown she is.. 
My dog was 1 yesterday. For her birthday, she's being neutered 
still missing my wedding ring  
n them boyss is leavin.   happy birthday @christopherr_
my mates 40th birthday party tomorrow night is going to be a cracker!  The pool house looks a treat.  lf only l had a date to take 
not only do I not get to go fishing, now I get to babysit most of the day....guess that is my birthday present from my sister...yay 
It is not nice of postmen to go on strike on my birthday 
i missed paul mccartney's bday 
going to grandpas birthday... well... i'm bored. i miss yooouu 
@james__buckley im ill too, and going out for my friends birthday tonight!.. not sure how its gona turn out for me 
@hauwei i did!  but they're still not coming, sigh..havent seen them for years.. and i was gonna celebrate my birthday with them too! 
MMusa isn't there anymore  I never got a birthday thread xD but dude  it sucks 
my birthday tomorrow  ? i feel so UNLOVED. like 8 people remembered, you GAYS.
my last friday working in birthdays..... boohoo 
@alisonxadams  that's not fair. the birthday on your own thing. i'm sulking for you.
Off to my wifes nieces 16th birthday bash, not drinking tho, on driving duties 
wow. this birthday is complete shit so far. 
ugh! everyone is going to birthday bash.  i feel left out.
suburn...owwwww.  Givanna is currently wrapping up a toy i got her in one of her blankets to give to my granny for her 99th birthday. lol
#inaperfectworld id be in orlando with @brandiraquel for her birthday 
I had such an awesome birthday week! I wish it wasn't over 
spent my birthday in the hospital! 
My two best friends are going to be late to my birthday party. I think this calls for an emoticon 
i found the birthday card my brother gave me for my birthday, it says 'to my beautiful sister' on the front. he can be cute sometimes. 
My husband is sleeping, it's his birthday, so i'm gonna let him, but all I wanted to do is spend some time with him... 
@meebs  If I were nearby, I'd be hanging out with you for your birthday!
p.s. i really hope jon &amp; kate don't announce their divorce on the 22 b/c my sister's birthday is the 23rd and that would probably ruin it 
@DonaldJr I knew you didn't really like birthdays; I didn't know you hate bday cards too. 
monday is my 22nd birthday... all i wanted to do was go to birthday bash this weekend... def not happening 
has nothing to give for her birthday present. 
had the worst birthday ever 
@dirtydianna You missed your grandmas birthday dinner 
@michiko_tl I'm good too!! I'm celebrating my birthday tonight. 2nd year in a row that you're not here... 
@tfblog it's not his bday yet here 
@fannytsukada and I'm terribly sorry for not coming to ur bday bash 
- misses the rush of my birthday. hates that im back to working and my vacation is up and is very upset that my fish died.  
not my bday anymore 
@CoolTeacherLady that's disappointing  have fun at the wedding!
@PopCham We didn't get to celebrate my love's birthday. 
@sydneyswans thank you for updates ontop of me normally working I now have a birthday dinner   so no footy for me #swans
gutted not to be at mcfly today. and for not seeing my best friend on her birthday. and to have the biggest amount of coursework to do D: 
feeling icky, headachey, and just downright down  which kinda sucks being today is my mom's birthday.....
Its my birthday, and I still can't walk after my operation. I,m in a bit of pain  next birthday will have to be amazing!!!
@Rachiearoo no im not im going to see family for a few weeks so i wont see you till my birthday i dont think 
I want a dog for my birthday, or whatever.  ah wish.
Nooomy birthday is over...  but now i'm 15!!! Is cute no ??
isn't gonna be able to eat anything at the birthday party  http://plurk.com/p/12gj83
Why does it have to rain on my birthday 
@kikikiko he is my friend. But im so angry rite now .he ruined our birthday surprise 
so much for having a good birthday...so much is ging on ppl forgot 
just realized that I'll be missing both of my best friends' birthday's while I'm away  @deliveravalon @cbaltzer party when I'm home boys!!
at work. bummed I'll be missin greek picnic. I just knew I was going to get an omega man! and missing birthday bash 
im so sick..and my entire family is coming up today for my birthday..AND i have so much studying to do. ughh 
My dad said not to expect having my laptop back anytime before my birthday. 
About to go to the block party at birthday bash. I hope the temp doesn't climb to 95 degrees because I will melt. 
is at the park for my god daughters birthday with a broken knee 
so sore from yesterday, and now i have to go to a fucking birthday party. wooo. 
That sounds soo good i havent eaten there since my birthday and i was sick then 
Just discovered her birthday has pretty much been ruined 
Being alone @ a wedding is quite depressing 
ah, sucksss. still have to do chores on my birthday  goshh..
@yarncoture I know!  But the wedding was pretty, so it's all good. 
hanging with jessica!!!! i am so tired i dont want to go to this stupid birthday i was invited to 
@tommcfly say happy birthday nanda to @nanda_marinho please 
@Dannymcfly say happy birthday nanda to @nanda_marinho please 
@gfalcone601 say happy birthday nanda to @nanda_marinho please 
@Dannymcfly say happy birthday nanda to @nanda_marinho please 
@mcflymusic say happy birthday nanda to @nanda_marinho please 
@dougiemcfly say happy birthday nanda to @nanda_marinho please 
@dougiemcfly say happy birthday nanda to @nanda_marinho please 
@TheSats say 'happy birthday nanda' to @nanda_marinho please 
@dougiemcfly say 'happy birthday nanda' to @nanda_marinho please 
@tommcfly say 'happy birthday nanda' to @nanda_marinho please 
@TheSats say 'happy birthday nanda' to @nanda_marinho please 
@tommcfly say 'happy birthday nanda' to @nanda_marinho please 
@tommcfly say 'happy birthday nanda' to @nanda_marinho please 
@dannymcfly say 'happy birthday nanda' to @nanda_marinho please 
@tommcfly say 'happy birthday nanda' to @nanda_marinho please 
missing mommy while she is at the wedding! 
is off to mister christopher big boy jereza's grad/bday party... with no gift  iou!
@tommcfly tom answer me and say happy bday to @nanda_marinho ... what did we do for you just ignore..!!! 
@chelsolouise no  sorry. im at kelllys. for her birthday. and my phone died at the beach
is so bummed that the birthday bash was cancelled, I was so excited to see @LNTweet and @JustinColeMoore!!! 
@tommcfly can you wish happy birthday @milaitsme ? PLEASE, stop reply to demi and wish happy birthday to her 
going to a birthday party after being at the pool all day. a little burnt  but oh well.
wishing i went to birthday bash!! 
@santzzz all i want for my birthday is for you to play blockles with me 
@splantiago Aw, now I feel bad for schooling you on your birthday 
is disappointed because i wont be home to watch mommy enjoying her birthday gift tomorrow. 
@mysterionica At least we're spamming in honor of his birthday! Even if it doesn't trend.  #happybdaykrisallen #happybdaykrisallen
I got a wii for my birthday.  But it's hard.  
im so mad!  my ccousin got her jonas brothers cd for her birthday  i really wanted it 
@viviankwok @yesbriancan  i'll be back by my birthday at least. so late july or any time in august is fine. i think...
@WesternHeritage How was the wedding? I missed it 
sober streak lasted a total of only 3 days, thanks to my mother's birthday. failure 
I miss my birthday  hahaha
@sanazm i know! i just had my bday party and i'm going in my room reading the letter neda's sister wrote 
i want to be 15  just a few days til my birthday wooohooooooooo !! love yall soooo D
I wish it was sunny today. I got a really cute dress for my birthday and I can't even wear it 
@Brandystrippers we can always try! i want him to come to my birthday 
wahoo its my birthday tomorrow..but my cake wasnt made in the colour i wanted it to be 
its my birthday in 9 daysss and i don't know what to do for it!?! 
I'm off to my  freinds birthday BarbQ now but the weather doesn't look good at all  speak to you later....
I went to my grandmother's birthday party, aka, the bar, and got food poisoning, aka a hangover, so I can't go to work today. 
@StaceyLovesCart say it isnt so!!! This is not the birthday present I wanted to get for you  call me when you can!!!
Ugh dylans birthday is in 2 days what am I gonna do  I need cup cake mix red white and black icing!!
My 'best' friend bails on my birthday. w00t. 
no more school until... my birthday! woohoo 
I had the worse birthday ever 
I have not received a birthday card  BOOHOOOO
It's our 1st anniversary married and I have to work 
@shafah omg.... damn. how come my birthday present has never that awesome? argh. I hate you. 
birthday tears 
My birthday is gonna suck  it couldn't been any other birthday but not this one 
My early wish for my birthday...that you all could be there. I miss you 
@juicifroot  i'm SO sorry. perhaps we can make it up with a birthday dinner together?
@tommcfly saturday was @nanda_marinho's bday and yesterday was @gabbs_'s bday why you didn't send happy bday to them? 
@andreakelley aww, you will be gone for my birthday 
@tommcfly saturday was @nanda_marinho's bday and yesterday was @gabbs_'s bday why you didn't send happy bday to them? 
I don't know what to do for my bday 
Its my birthday and my mom wont do what i want!   *nodaybut2day*
@feliciaday My birthday too. But no massive tweets for me. ;) 
Hey, it's my birthday too!  #robybday #jossbday
i stilll don't know what to do for my birthday 
@gitoo My lil sis is having her graduation party that night... can't 
went on a mission and a half to find josh birthday gift. then went to his birthday dinner then went grunion running last night. no fish 
coming up blank for gift ideas for my sister's birthday 
@tedmustard HEY! You said that was a special birthday gift you saved for special people... 
just found out matty didnt have a good birthday/party...  i feel bad because it SEEMED like he was having fun saturday.. *sigh* boys..
@MaaKain I'm sorry you're having a lame birthday 
I feel like crap....again...and its my birthday 
@domzz no  going to a wedding
Everything seems to be falling apart so close to my birthday!  You're such a jerk!
I was excited about a wedding this saturday until I remembered I havta buy a present 
No bday dress yet  ughhh
@Heyashleyhey  please don't are you coming to the birthday thingy?
No more bday 
awww..my bday is over?! suuuucks!  oooh well...after bday celebration!!
@KendallVMurphy  but now my bday if officially over 
Where are my bday twugs from ddub?    @donniewahlberg
@ohhhskyler I guess I stink then..  haha no just kidding.. mine was for my 18th birthday/graduation
i want to see transformer 2.. huhuhu and my dear friend set up a celebration for his birthday today! sadly.. can't go there! 
im exhausted...and evidently i missed birthday drinks with @awesomeosity.  
@Qtess: seriously?!? i thought it's a birthday, not a wedding. am not too keen on buying white pants for one-time use only 
hopes to go out to celebrate #1 birthday tmr! 
Today is my birthday, I'm 32y now. Feels pretty weird. The older you get, the faster life goes 
a monk bag/slingbag for my birthday? this time i'm not kidding, I need a new bag! 
My birthday today!  was hoping to be woken by a kiss from @jennifalconer but it didn't happen  
gah i dont want a laptop for my birthday 
@Laligin ahh. I work weekends, so I don't think I could go  however, I'd love to do *something* for your birthday so leave that with me ;)
@vivienturman it sucks that your birthday sucks/ed. i remembered no joke but i wasnt around to say happy birthday. im really really sorry 
@LucyBowen yeah but it was my birthday too.  u do see me, but when you went in2 town after exams, i didnt know and had arranged 2go home.x
Today was my dad's birthday. 
Today is my birthday but I didn't get any cake! 
@derangedangel cheer up its our birthday soon 
i'm going to open my birthday cards 
just sent a special birthday card for someone special 
cooked pasta for my sister. It's her birthday tom 
@hodakotb celebrate my bday on klg's anniversary  bday shout out! can't wait to watch!
just woken up, my birthday tommorow  x
@DaveRacingKites happy birthday. 
@MrBenzedrine lol awesome (: is it wednesday for you? you have the same birthday as my friend mitch if so ;P have a great day 
@ddlovato haha(: well, now i learned something too! demiiii, it's my birthday...and a reply from you would make it the best ever! replyy? 
about to open birthday presents 
@shannonlucas  well, I was thinking of giving her lumbago for her birthday. pros/cons?
@fossiloflife wat seriously sat is @procoder bday... cool.. we culd have a bday tweetup and he will sponsor 
@MarkKopf I wanted to eat my birthday M &amp; M's!!  I always want to eat a lot after I work out!! 
had a kickass birthday with my mains 
@nicksantino its my bff's birthday today, hang out with us before the show...  407 718 4468!
@gfalcone601 Have fun at the wedding !!! 
The Internets just wished me a happy birthday 
@vaerlina hope your little sister has a great birthday. 
stella's for brunch with the roomies &amp; birthday girl @lhdavis! 
driving to arrange my dad's birthday party in half an hour... listening to hugh laurie and the song he played at the end of 'saviors' 
@RIgrrl and happy birthday to the boy.  
@cyrillika well done soon-to-be-birthday-boy 
http://twitpic.com/3ju3i - I baked my sister's birthday cake!  haha
uptown celebrating hubby's (aka: billick) birthday 
Off to celebrate sister's birthday 
Is off working finally !!!! Hiring paparazzi and backup dancers for my 21st bday in 9 days 
it's kiely's birthday! :&gt;  greet her. 
@ciphasounds happy birthday -- from gilligan's island maryann 
@prue   that's your wedding ..
@dhewlett awesome happy birthday! 
Still has dried silly string in her hair and all over her apartment ... sigh ... birthday festivities, here we go! 
@travelingcircus  It still weirds me out on occasion. But good.
@Brimmers happy birthday Mrs B 
is reminiscing the memories from yesterday's birthday! 
@rockymarley http://twitpic.com/3jrhv - -eats- happy late birthday haylie.  ?
That was most def the coolest birthday ever 
@Gailporter wish me a happy birthday and then go out 
yum birthday cake 
Gets to spend the morning of her 18th birthday with her church family 
@mickelbetch was it your birthday yesterday? if so, happy birthday!  hope you had a great dau
is about to go to her cousin's house for charlie's 1st birthday party 
just had chocolate for a birthday eve breakfast.  thanks mike 
its my birthday!!!!!!! finally 19, woohooooo!!! 
busy preparing my son's 1st bday 
@Amydouk will miss you too, will get in touch with you all about my birthday v.soon!  xxxx
@aplusk So can you tell us who the surprise birthday was for now? 
@fabiankr not having birthday now I was  ...I write in mail...why strange so we talkz?
@stephanie525 Aw!! I hope so too, that is so cute! I bet he is enjoying his best b'day gift so far 
celebrating my bday 
Its my birthday! 
becca's birthday lunch today 
@cherieong haha going to shoot a wedding there.. 3 day wedding 
gasp! 7 days until my birthday  who else is an april baby?
@skinnyjeans  happy bday to u 
My birthday!! 
@30stmownyersoul i WILL send your birthday presnet. soon. 
is excited for her dad's birthday celebration later @ the beach! 
I had a lovely birthday 
got a haircut, bought an awesome dress, had a great birthday dinner...today was good 
@apreezyl wrong! but might as well be his birthday 
@simplyn2deep tell her i said happy birthday  
Waiting anxiously for my birthday to arrive. 
@AlexOster my birthday 
@monnie When's your birthday. 
is having a baileys for my mummas birthday 
it's my birthday todayyyy !!  finally 16.
@zackalltimelow todays your birthday!?! happyyyyyyyy birthdayyy!! 
well thats tasha's birthday present sorted.  also did some english this mornin'.  I'm now ready to rumble. it's sunny 
@leightonmarissa i LOVE your song birthday.its brill!!please release it soon.well done 
ahh.. the reunion. 
it's my half birthday 
had a great birthday thank you to everyone for everything i love birthdays - especially turning 21 
got over $500 for her birthday 
Haaaaaapy birthday to me 
woooo i'm having a clandestine birthday cakeeee 
early birthday presents put me in such a good mood! taking ash to airport then dinner with j 
almost my son's 2nd birthday! i'm excited 
is going to have an amazing birthday! 
@tyamdm my birthday, of course  
it's my birthday 
@andyclemmensen heeey its my birthday party today andy. wanna give me some love with a birthday wish 
Is ready to go to the wedding 
it's my birthday 
What an amazing day I had  my girlfriend definetly made this a birthday I'll never forget
@gedulous I have a friend's 21st birthday that @posty, @mrshlee and I are attending... and others I think... 
is off out for tea tonight for mother's birthday 
thank you everyone who came out to my birthday celebration 
@tomdflynn ps: happy birthday 
just had a very nice dinner at xin wang with my dear family to celebrate dad's bday! 
going to a wedding 
going to a friends birthday dinner in a while  wee!
making birthday plans not long now yaay  Finally &amp; not leeting you get away with it that easily this time so carry on  douche
just might get a puppy for my birthday and i am soo excited 
I'm the birthday girl 
making waffles, going to a birthday party for special lady later 
got birthday cake  even tho my bday isnt till next week!
Going to my friend's birthday party tonight! 
Off to a bkfst mtg then to a surprise birthday party for an 80yr old guy  - planting seeds for when I get old  
Celebrating the boy's 6th birthday today -- Power Rangers cake and disco bowling 
It's my birthday ! 
@nyrizzle I think my aunts bday party is today at my crib, ur more than welcome to come by 
dance or die. checck ittt. ap tour was absolutly amazing ilovemybaby &lt;3  birthday stuff todayy; birthday mondayyyy 
http://twitpic.com/4ekyv - me has birthday so me gets to choose the food 
@deray17 I'm not in brooklyn I will be my birthday week 
It's like a little basketball reunion. 
it's my best friend's birthday!! 
@david_hay it wasn't my birthday  that milestone has already past for me 
My handsome little boy turned 3 yesterday  I have a birthday party I get to go to later at chucky cheeses...ha ha ...I ? my baby
looking forward to my birthday on monday 
its my birthday sooon 
It's my little brothers birthday today 
getting ready for my birthday dinner 
birthday kickback tonight 
@katikim hahaha that's so cute. blame it on the fruit punch! lol say happy birthday to bean for me 
@MusicalProdigy done its your birthday in july 
its my dad's birthday. he's 38 
@retrorewind Awww..it really is my birthday! I'll pretend they are singing to me 
it's my bday !!!!! 
is waiting for his birthday pancakes 
had a wicked birthday  can't wait to do go clubbing again! ^^
woo everyone celebrate #hoppusday 
And that, my friends, is how a birthday is supposed to be. I may do it again in the future. 
I have volunteered myself to design a card for my aunties 55th birthday  yeyy
@Reeeeeeeea fuck yeah!!!!!!!!!.. so excited!!! .. and its my birthday in 3 weeks too  .
@liveon2wheels happy birthday   @cyclingchic you will be much quicker!
@agthekid happy birthday!  *hug
Looking forward to his birthday tomorrow 
Trying to bleed my dad dry this birthday!!! what he doesn't know yet is presents = love 
my birthday tomorrow 
@QuipsAndTips I love it! We're absolutely going to do that! You can never have too many birthday celebrations 
Just woke up  faith killed her phone!!! 14 days left til my birthday can you say party?!?
enjoying the day with my birthday boy 
That was some birthday present.. whew.. i'm one lucky boy 
is getting ready to start dads birthday cake.... and cleaning up, well trying to 
@tommcfly  hAve A gReat shOW guys rock the HOuse  as my bday present !!!
today is my mommy's birthday  now im going to find food
@JuneBug143 aw happy birthday  what u gunna be doin?
One months... Exmas are over! 18th birthday straight after 
@spencerpratt Congrats on the wedding  I'm glad you waited to have a nice traditional wedding!!
planning my birthday partayyyy 
Just bought a D&amp;G watch. I fuckin luv it !! my early bday gift 
just finished my bff's birthday present. it's amazing. 
ordered sb's late birthday gift its awesome i hope he likes it 
is making birthday cards &amp; finding presents for christian pawley, brandon pang, &amp; john christiansen for this week 
@theDebbyRyan 19my birthday  i 'll remember yours
...great day, great birthday 
@djcrystalellis how's the bday!? 
had an awsome birthday today! 
@ElliottShreds happy birthday 
@varinn hey homie happy birthday? massive  if so
Its @danielmcgaha 's birthday!!  love you buddy
had a great birthday, turning 20 isn't so bad after all. 
I wish it wuz my bday so i cud have some birthday sex 
and as my birthday slowly comes to the end i thank everybody for the bday wishes god blesssssssssssss 
@no_encores happy birthday 
its my bday!!! I'm gettin older! 
my birthday chicken  http://bit.ly/whbuv
Making a birthday song to a special person!! 
The wedding couldn't have been more perfect 
@AngelicaV1 wow, that's awesome! i'm so happy for you. btw, happy birthday 
@katoi awww, a very happy birthday to him 
Off to a wedding! 
just found out that selena gomez's birthday is 6 days after mine 
@iamlittleboots happy birthday 
going to another birthday party tonite 
@michelereinach Molly was born on my birthday!!!! *cue twilight zone music*  
just got back from my grandparents suprise 60th anniversary party...it was sooooo much fun!!! 
officially my birthday  so i guess after 21 the novelty of a birthday wears off..?
Probably the best birthday I've ever had. I got to spend it with all my favorite people. 
@kayemeff its almost your birthday!! 
haven't twittered in forever. yeah, just had my sixteenth birthday party tonight 
Yaaaaaaay, bday! 
about to have some cake for my sister's birthday 
Just woke up  shopping today for my birthday....kinda 
i wish the birthday massacre would come to australia  i think they said they're thinking about it though!! 
@hairrocks happy birthday! 
[-O] i wish the birthday massacre would come to australia  i think they said they're thinking about it tho.. http://tinyurl.com/p6lfch
off out to my nephew's 4th birthday party, fun times lol  xx
I really had a great time last night at my friend's birthday 
My nans birthday today so family time 
@justinbrighten happy birthday 
@justinbrighten happy birthday justin 
gooodmorning  leaving grands house, attempting to get dad a birthday present, now where would you get grilling supplies...
So many people are wishing me a happy birthday!  I'm so happy!
I love my birthday present...this is so much fun!!   Its all comin back to me now...
had a great time at my mom's 50th bday party 
@justinbrighten happy birthday 
@ spencermitchell - did you get my birthday text? 
@jagurlravin HAHAAAA we shall. I wanna lap dance from a white boy for my birthday 
@RyanSeacrest aww that's awesome happy birthday to her!! 
yay!!! It's my birthday! 
@JonathanRKnight @dannywood  I really don't think u guys care 2 much but my bday is 2morrow a bday wish from u would be nice 
not excited for my birthday so much anymore. don't ask because idk why. excited to turn 19 though 
is going to bed....and getting really excited for her birthday!!! and graduation 
drinking with steveo for his bday 
is twenteenth birthday 
It's my birthday  the 19th birthday !!
going to stef's birthday dinner tonight 
@laurenkaywright I AGREE! happy birthday to you 
note to myself: have a nice birthday  - - - - - - - 
Is getting in gear for birthday and graduation celebrations! 
Even though we are no longer sleeping together, happy birthday.                          
looking forward to taking birthday boys for lunch 
it's my birthday tralalallaaaaaaaaaa 
Is having a very happy birthday 
Buying a bday present for grandma 
@fakerpattz  I missed ? but I still want to say happy birthday with you 
@_nicoleee you should always look forward to your birthday 
@theDebbyRyan very happy birthday! 
@dannywood have a very happy birthday and try to focus on all the good 
getting ready to go up to worcester to have breakfast with the roomie for her birthday!!!!! 
@atrak that's my mama's motherland  and 'tis her birthday today too 
waiting for my bday! 
@wazzer_bt happy birthday 
soon it will be my birthday..... 
@samjmoody hehe helloooo!! it will be sunny the last week of july because thats my birthday and its always sunny for my birthday! 
is chillling &amp; ready for taras birthday celebrations in good old liverpoool tonight  cant waitttt. X
trying to finish the sweets i got for my bday...getting braces soon 
@SuGa_C im listening to birthday sex 
@mattpro13 my birthday is this week, on the 23rd 
surpised mom with birthday sundaes 
i love surprise birthday parties 
had the best birthday with her girls  oh, and I got a jumpsuit!! Haha!
is celebrating her birthday 
@tatsqij hey dear, happy belated birthday to your brother! 
happpppppy birthday camillle 
it's the gackie anniversary!! 
@cerysshaw birthday card was shown on cbeebies. There was significant jumping in excitement and it was not by @cerysshaw 
@nhoustonreed happy birthday 
so fucking stoked for my birthday 
Off to liverpool today. Spending it with my mom as it's her birthday 
On my way to lakey for a well earned birthday present  xx
nasa bday party :3 still waking for my dear miyuki  I love you miyuki!
@FabScoutHoward how did your birthday turn out?? 
watching vicar of dibley funny!  birthday tomorrow! x
PS happy birthday to my friend @DaniPineda!!!! 
Going to mt cousins birthday to day 
Going to a birthday... again 
@jordanknight Have a happy birthday! I bet  you will 
@livbambola birthday msg on my wall  &amp; nope! (1) it?
I just received a birthday present from @bramwellbrown 
ah, i'm bored -- waiting 'til i can go to taylor's for his birthday  // i'm so 2008, you so 2000 + late..
had a perfect birthday party! 
Its scott whipples birthday tooodayyy. I think hes 35!!  hahaha go scott go!
@Bambinaaa wedding crashers 
is looking forward to tomorrow   It's my birthday whoop whoop
@nmyers89 *sings happy birthday* 
exactly a month till my birthday now eee 
I bought TEQUILLA for my awesome and very drunk birthday on tuesday 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes everybody! 
12 days to go before my 18th birthday! 
7 days 'till my 16th birthday 
's birthday is tomorrowww 
Everyone say happy birthday to my boo 
@daveshoxyou happy birthday!!! 
is having a lovely birthday breakfast with danielle and hana 
@jcreekmore happy anniversary to the both of you 
@Prosemonkey - ah! well happy early birthday then  i hope it's a great one!
Is in bed reading shopaholic! &lt;3 anniversary picnic later with the boy 
@thePISTOL i hope you had a wonderful birthday 
@MerissaFaye woooohhhhh for licences and birthdays 
@jchutchins That really was a great birthday prize. I definitely enjoyed the story! 
@southernholly thanks for the bday greetings! i would settle for 40 being the new 35! lol 
@ThePISTOL i just died, birthday boy. that's a good look for you 
I knew it! I knew they were in Q's wedding 
It's my daddy's birthday 
@JohnJamesRyan I'm getting you the same thing you always get me for my birthday 
just watched 7 pounds, oh my. getting the twins birthday gifts then birthday events 
@judedeath i guess you know what you're getting for your birthday, then. 
aww haven't been in on in a while..been recovering :p my birthday party was amazing..ill post pics soon 
My birthday is exactly 2 weeks from today   xo.C
@earthscience tell mom I said happy birthday but I left a post on her wall last night as well 
yay brothers birthday getting fat on cake icing 
@amypaffrath have fun, wish him happy birthday for me 
Going shopping for my sister's birthday gift 
@angelabonomo thanks lots...wait till you see the pics! he smeared me with birthday cake! 
Uploading 4 videos that I shot an hour ago at my little sweet cousin's birthday. She danced and danced 
@thePISTOL http://twitpic.com/5d9yg - i got those glasses for my birthday too  happy birthday 
@tfly happy birthday!!!! I got you a present!!! 
ready to celebrate chellie's bday 
@alvaromano almost forgot to wish you a happy birthday. wish you all the best, dude. 
@valkyrie19 Thanks for the birthday wishes 
http://bit.ly/eAhn5  check out this video from my birthday party! 
And an earthquake on my birthday! BirthQuake! 
'tis the birthday of my most wonderful pup today 
attending the wedding ceremony of keisha and dave. kayleigh is beside me. heading off for the reception. 
@mediaphyter belated birthday greets, hope you had a lovely day 
manc nero hot choc delivered 2 me in bed on my birthday, total aces  x
oops scratch the laurenlemon...i am sleepy and misread. but happy birthday to jamie all the same. 
It's my birthday!!! 
http://twitpic.com/5f2iy - A pic from my 21st birthday celebrations 
Enjoying my birthday already 
heart birthday month! 
post arrived and with it came some more cards  #birthday
Yay! It's my birthday! 
spending my birthday in bed....because i can....that and i can hardly move  x x
in dad's surprise bday party in plaridel 
@nhoustonreed happy birthday 
It's my birthday whooo hooo only one more year to the big 40 
It's my birthday  Yay
@MegzFox so how was your birthday gorgeous? 
@Kaikhaos if my time zone calculations are correct, it should be your bday today. so have a fantastic birthday gorgeous girl!  xx
in graph comm with colley ! weekend was awesome. got sunburn ! looking forward to the birthday 
My birthday is coming. How fast it is!!!  just so exciting!!!
@JessicaPinup I love you too! I support you 100%! I'm glad you're enjoying your birthday gifts! 
@annaaa19 hey, it's my birthday tomorrow, too! have fun 
my birthday is on friday ! 
@jordanknight now you can go home give your voice a break and let your family sing to you  happy birthday  xoxo
family road trip to wisconsin! and it's my birthday! woohoo!! 
partying, it's my birthday 
@o2zone no birthday cake 
@RnbGenius hey did you do for your birthday? i hope you had a good one. 
@mikeyway hey Mikes! it's my bday! 
it's my birthday!!! 
It's now my lil sis' 16th birthday 
@stafwang well then, happy birthday to you! you're now an adult according to the government  seriously though, hope you have a happy bday!
@REGYATES happy birthday. 
organic wine kills. and and also: happy birthday old morrissey 
@JonathanAB it's my birthday. 
@abbieupton Thanks sweetie - hey if you smile at @clairemacdonald there might be birthday treats !!!! 
@everydaystrange very exciting stuff! I'm taking my mum to get one for her birthday this year. She's gonna be 60 
celebrating - it's my birthday!  
its my sis' 17th birthday that means.....karaoke time. 
@MysteriousMysti aw you're an angel, thank you  hope you have a fantastic birthday xxxx
happy bday to me happy bday to me happy bday to meeeeeeeeeeeeee 
@quinn_keshalyi @yaeljk i think @dian_yach is out partying. It's her birthday! 
is going to a birthday..  http://plurk.com/p/vgp6b
going to chicago for my birthday weeekend!!!!! 
I'm getting something REALLY special for @DerrickJWyatt's birthday! 
They're for his sisters birthday... In reality they're even cutier 
My dads birthday! 
Getting a facial from my sister at the cosmotolgy for my birthday 
happppy birthday me 
@AudreyMcClellan not at all! bdays are awesome! happy early birthday 
@Miahpeah i'm getting a tattoo for my eighteenth birthday 
says tomorrow is my mom's birthday! weeee!  http://plurk.com/p/vhib1
its my girlfran @its_mB 's birthday ! yall better recognize ! 
reds game tonight!!!! let the bday celebration begin 
@BookWorm71 That's great - you can't beat a national observance of your birthday! 
@RedTheTrucker does @thepegisin get a birthweek instead of a birthday? You're a good hubby. 
wedding wedding wedding. 
When you're preparing for a 1-year old's birthday party, who are you really preparing for? The child or the adults? 
is looking 4ward 2 my birthday 
's birthday is today!!!! yipeeee  xx
has a birthday cake that's like a handbag  birthday not until tomorrow though
@kylieireland i hope you had a good bday 
just booked my second wedding 
today's my bff birthday, but I'm not allowed to go to xime's house ):. will be gretting you on thursday, at school, ly! 
@odotjdot i am  june 6 is my birthday. mark yer calendars!
@ooliveros well, that seems to be a very good birthday gift for you 
My birthday went smoothly 
@stephanyee hahahah when's her birthday? i want to give her an eyebrow plucker 
for those of you waiting for updates from @shamu68, don't hold your breath. apparently he likes his kindle birthday present 
@Aerocles Anytime! I hope you have a wonderful birthday  When's the next #smpr?
@annaaralar are you kidding? haha! nah!  I'll be partaking of the wedding feast.
Wishing @JimDuong a very happy birthday  
@Darkdrift It's already your birthday here, so happy birthday 
@idklexi awesome! happy early birthday! 
yay for birthdays! 
going to visit my dad at the hospital. wish me luck! on my birthday--haha 
@LittleBurger still don't know your identity but that doesn't mean you shouldn't have a happy birthday 
says happy birthday philip.  http://plurk.com/p/wxl30
It's my birthday! 
soo much fun tonite at @sukhjit's birthday party! 
@daniiroundtree lol, yup that sounds something like how a birthday should be!! 
going to london!!! after my birthday 
On my way to a special birthday dinner for @gadgetgirl70... 
is celebrating johns birthday, 29!! old much? 
@andrewsnaith happy birthday to you  your last english bday.....do they celebrate differently in canada?
had such a good birthday. far too much food, far too many cocktails .. feeling a liiiittle rough today. thank you all for your messages! 
@sunilchandy you're back in time for all the birthday messages yay 
; needs to buy herself a birthday dress 
thanks for the bday wishs  and thank you to the paradiso girls for releasing their video on my birthday haha. amazing vid.
