Most common words for this cluster:
[('blackberry', 453), ('phone', 25), ('curve', 25), ('twitter', 21), ('bold', 21), ('iphone', 19), ('storm', 14), ('work', 12), ('app', 11), ('i', 11), ('battery', 10), ('u', 10)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'blackberry', 0.9169736504554749), (u'Blackberry', 0.8174595236778259), (u'BlackBerry', 0.6855713725090027), (u'Curve_3g', 0.6769372820854187), (u'deals_http://www.directphoneshop.co.uk/dealset.asp?id=####', 0.645757794380188), (u'myTouch_4G', 0.6399622559547424), (u'@_BlackBerryCool', 0.6295854449272156), (u'Hint_Bet', 0.6264490485191345), (u'blackberry_pearl', 0.6253101825714111), (u'Crackberry', 0.6198527812957764)]





Dear Pandora - my Blackberry Storm wants you but can't have you...yet? 
wheres my @robgold601  BlackBerry messenger is not the same 
@tweetie How about an application for the Blackberry?  
I wish i had verizon...i want that new blackberry click phone. 
Blackberry bout to die  still @ the hard rock doing documentary shit!!
There's a dent in my blackberry. I dropped it out of my lap onto tile. 
thinking technology hates me this morning- Blackberry sat there thinking for an hour while I waited to make a call and car radio is out 
@oreolude i dropped it and some of the buttons dont work when i try to text! i switched back to my blackberry 
needs a blackberry in order to twitterberry 
I got my iPhone 3G, and I'm still not sure whether to keep it or get a BlackBerry instead 
In college, left my Blackberry at home, I feel lost without it   
my blackberry keeps restarting by itself.. what happened to you???!!! 
my f**king blackberry is messed up!!! 
just had the best cup of tea everr! and wants a blackberry phone!! 
Can't sleep  Lokking at messenger,facebook, my texts... Where would I be without my Vaio and Blackberry??? Incoumicato. NEVER.
i think my blackberry has died   the battery keeps running out after i charge it, what will i do without my bb?
is missing his Blackberry right now!! there is no real way of fixing it though 
i want a blackberry 
Trackball on my Blackberry died: Can't scroll down anymore and Vodafone refuses to give me a loaner or for that matter, any replacement 
its just me and my blackberry 
I miss my $500 blackberry curve 
my blackberry is being a douche. 
Trying to get a Blackberry Bold...but can't find a carrier in my area.  
so just when i start talking about my blackberry being so great, it starts messing up on me 
Missing my BlackBerry Bold  why do u always realize its worth after parting with it 
Wondering why the blackberry browser is saying connection refused 
@nunimom It certainly helps...I miss my crackberry 
i want my blackberry back 
no longer has a blackberry 
is sorry mom and dad, I'm def going to miss my Blackberry the most while I'm away 
i want my blackberry back  i'm over my sidekick lx.
How come I can't connect my facebook thru my blackberry?? 
i want a blackberry 
I need to get this on my Blackberry how do you do that ?  hola at me please. mwah xx
@mrssweetness2u Whats up girl how you keeping? i lost my BlackBerry 
@BrandyShaloo already saw your pict, want to hype it, but I can't because using blackberry 
@stephenfry I can only read every other letter of that on my BlackBerry 
@stephenfry doesn't work on the blackberry 
I want a blackberry sooo bad 
@sheblobbers boo   have you found new link for Blackberry app world??
@PBlieu ahhh.. i dont have a blackberry. 
i neeed a blackberry asap! 
i need a blackberry bold but im brokes 
hopes the Blackberry hospital can save her phone 
*sigh*  I think my Blackberry just suffered a catastrophic failure 
I miss you my BlackBerry 
Why is the BlackBerry Pearl the only one I can find in pink?! 
Phones broken, the ball on my blackberry is gone, so I can't read text messages anymore  but I can still send them.
lost my blackberry in cypress! 
just remembered that the hmac-sha1 blackberry issue still exists 
Starting the day (and week) with reporting a &quot;blocker&quot; bug for the new BlackBerry release of Salvo I found while walking this morning 
Staring at a BlackBerry Pearl makes me wanna wish my phone back. Now I'm just depressed. 
Not a happy bunny today twitter on my Blackberry won't work properly 
Anyone own a Telus Blackberry that they are willing to sell to me ??? mine went awall 
cant sleep  so im playing around on my new BlackBerry pearl! this thing is awesome
I have about 5 cases for my BlackBerry Bold and one of them is useful  now iam in a shop and looking forward 2 buy a second useful case
@JoliOwave nah its specifically for Blackberry from what I read on the site. Twitterberry, UberTwitter, TweetGenius($) all made for BB 
@AM_Blackberry that's what I'll end up doing, no lie. ughghghghiehihwehgweiohrow3i74892qf7897389472bcv85v7837v723897cv288  
Now I've it in Blackberry the twitter, facebook, messenger... Only missing skype 
my blackberry storm so doesn't hold a charge like my 8830 did, no matter what the specs say 
Blackberry is broken  Feeling withdrawal while it gets fixed. No more leashes. No more leashes.
Just dropped my Blackberry, now the back keeps falling off  ... wonder if I need a new back cover, or a new Berry altogether
Only have internet access thru my blackberry  I'm going crazy!!
@dglive i can't WAIT until i get my blackberry in january 
The trackball on my blackberry is messed up 
Thnk u I would say the same bout u but I can't see ur pic on my blackberry  how r u?? @JOEMONEY111
just picked up her Blackberry from the middle of the street! Both she and it are crushed! 
@arania nope i cant figure out how to get the updates on my blackberry. . . i need to go running too 
t'internet on blackberry fooked so no checking of the tweets and whether phill has taken up my request 
My Blackberry's got a fatty (battery)  guess we're kinda in the same boat huh @laurensanchez ?
@chasingsunshine I'm sorry, but you wrote that on a blackberry which means you loose any respect i had for you 
I need a blackberry 
@Kdpartak the ordered me a new blackberry to arrive TUES! I may die between now and them without phone  I have withdraws already
Setting up bookmarks on my new Blackberry Curve. Now anyone from work can get ahold of me at anytime! 
I am mad that I keep dropping my;; blackberry storm! It going to die soon! 
Is frustrated with the flickr app that won't install on her blackberry! 
just got homeee  blackberry running low on bats! 
Just finished reinstallimg my blackberry... A sync from the mac caused address book to go haywire 
I still haven't figured on how to download songs for my BlackBerry. 
@DionneSouth lucky u ! i've just got a Blackberry &amp; it seems 2 b 1 of the most awkward things install etc. so looking @ sun from pc 
@JasonBradbury lucky u ! i've just got a Blackberry &amp; it seems 2 b 1 of the most awkward things install etc. so looking @ sun from pc 
wants a blackberry pearl, but I dont want my alltel bill to go up 
sadly there is no wireless network i can mooch off of at the new casa until i get my own net. its just me &amp; the blackberry until then. 
I need twitter on my Blackberry to update this joint more often...any suggestions...I can not do short codes 
my blackberry is broken 
sitting on the ferry to fireisland.  who knew this blackberry had a browser-told you i was a luddite. 
BlackBerry #3 bites the dust 
@VenerableBmoney no it doesn't. The Blackberry Bold and the Curve 8320 do. I have an 8330. 
I think its time for a new BlackBerry my trackball is stalling 
Is sooo sad coz my blackberry died on me  took me 6 hours to fix it but now its alive and well yey!!!
My blackberry is deff donzo I can only twit txt and use the net 
i got a blackberry today but i really miss my palm phone 
i wish a blackberry or a iphone 
@NKCruiseGrl twitter won't let me turn on device updates for you. I'll have to text you when I leave work. I don't have a blackberry 
Sooo I came to this studio session with @MrMind and just now realizing all my verses are on my Blackberry which is at home. 
My blackberry is injured 
I want to get the Blackberry 8900 Javelin from Rogers but its too much $$ 
trackball on blackberry is gone forever, so i'm unable to bbm or text until i get a new phone. 
@BronxBomberKB my blackberry died on me  oh &amp; my cavs lost.
@cocosworld I can't view via blackberry!!!! 
I'm the only one here without a blackberry 
@mileycyrus i feel like crying too, my blackberry fell off the behimith in canadas wonderland.... 
i think i lost my blackberry 
wants to get a iphone or blackberry but my contract isnt ready for an upgrade  badtimes!
Someone unlock my blackberry  I'm getting impatient.
@angelistic I have 2 Blackberry Curves &amp; a Bold on my table. All have problems and seller didn't take responsibility for it 
just called verizon...no twitter available on my phone.   it's gotta be a blackberry (intentional rhyming)
@moragg OK. Thanks. I don't have a Blackberry. 
@zombiecommand no blackberry love?  http://myloc.me/2bxt
@katbron  Blackberry Storm: K and B said &quot;did you tell her to wait for the new one that is coming out?&quot; I said no, forgot. 
I don't know I just posted from my blackberry online and it came up yikes sorry everyone! I will only post from texts now for sure 
holy shit my dad bought himself a blackberry.  ...........i'm still wiating for my ipod touch  -taps feet-
What's happening wiht my Blackberry??! 
I want a twitter app for my blackberry but I can't figure out how to 
I wish I had the data plan on my blackberry curve 
@TaylerC  what happened to my pretty blackberry??
i want the blackberry 8900 soo bad! 
goshhh! i want a blackberry 
My blackberry just officially became a crackberry!  don't even remember how there's a crack.
how do you fix the scroll ball on a blackberry? i can't use my phone right now 
@BrittonCampbell   i have a blackberry and i'm not lame
@JennaGlynn BlackBerry Messenger is awesome!  I only wish I had more friends with BlackBerrys 
My phone is dead. Blackberry storm os update failed 
Not happy, car charger for my Blackberry isn't working and phone is dead. No comms, not good 
Just installed the new blackberry software onto my phone and it suvks the color is horrible 
@MissKibbles Humm Blackberry sounds pretty good. I will have to try that.  I love Cabernet, very dry, turns Ur teeth black 
I have scratches all over my blackberry storm !  xx
I've dropped my CrackBerry way too many times today! Should rename it my WackBerry! 
WAAAHHHH my BlackBerry battery died and I don't have my charger here at work 
I hate the twitterberry app!! it keeps freezing up my blackberry 
have to delete all of my sms, because i get my new blackberry curve, but i can't do this, it is all connected with memories 
Blackberry really needs a repair now,gonna miss it  
@RyanStar it really sucks not having a real internet connex as blackberry keeps crashing because twitterberry is evil 
staying home and keeping an eye on sick sis  but i did just buy the new Blackberry Curve 8900 online.. thanx Scott!
Not fully used to my new Blackberry.  
is this really happening? &lt;3 u blackberry. miss u iphone 
@MrJRGregory cider was amazing - blackberry still broken 
Uh oh.. Blackberry internet service is acting up 
It's funny how I am posting my Tweets from my Blackberry, yet is says I am posting from the web - strange! 
@ginnielizz  Thanks!  The Blackberry app isn't as good   I think I'll sign in/ sign out for now.
gaaarrrr where is my blackberry charger??? 
@iamjonathancook bye blackberry! 
is missing her blackberry 
@troublextoo That's cool.  I want my blackberry back. 
lost my blackberry! 
Signs I spend too much time on the computer: I just pressed alt+T to try to open a new tab on my blackberry's browser 
ugh my blackberry won't let me click any buttons so i can't even log onto twitter from it  bust
i'm so jealuos....my sister got the blackberry curve i wanted 
I'm so jealous...my sister got the blackberry curve i wanted 
My work BlackBerry just locked itself, by auto-typing the wrong password in 10 times. Completely haywire! #fail 
i want a blackberry 
@andrew02114 Yes, I agree about the dreadful #ATT reception at #ASCO - rendered my iPhone useless and almost wishing for a Blackberry 
restoring my blackberry 
@Candizzler nope no blackberry. 
Something's wrong with my blackberry..... 
epic blackberry fail...so ticked! want a new one 
Blackberry is dead 
Just wondering if anyone knows who i can put a shortcut to twitter on my Blackberry Curve.  And I am still sick over the race on sunday 
Blackberry 
@Anniepants @Ruthfox @veganchai i'm such a devoted blackberry fan! i feel like i'm being adulterous... 
Blackberry has been sold.  it was fun having it for the less than two weeks i had it.
i want my blackberry already 
so heartbroken about the loss of raspberry ny blackberry i cant sleep with out her next to me l  looks like i got a date with t mobile
my blackberry's got low battery. 
@bethmcgrath i wannt a blackberry 
dented her blackberry 
i want a new cell phone  i dont want my blackberry curve 8900 anymore. i want the blackberry bold 
downloading new apps for my blackberry, the twitter on aint working 
I just totally dropped my blackberry... 
This sucks!!!!. Read all the books I have on my Blackberry and don't have any others on here that I wanna read   http://myloc.me/2H8V
I wished my blackberry was twitter compatible. I would tweet all my tasting experiences from the wineries this weekend. 
missin my blackberry!!! 2 days without my babyyy 
@lisanicolec I think I hate you a little bit because you're posting from a BlackBerry. 
my blackberry screen died on me 
Blackberry browser can't download from zshare or imeem. Hip hop fail @robrush 
When I go out I realize I didn't synch feeddemon 3 with my blackberry. 
i want a blackberry storm or a prada 2 phone 
@cookiemonster82 @KTDP I thought about the blackberry but i really do like my iphone  i would buy a new one if this one is ruined
@Lurizzle I miss my blackberry  ..... sooo much!!
arrrgha  i wish i had a blackberry 
Blackberry trouble...feeling handicapped 
@kdashmoney  use ur wifi preciously. What happened to thy blackberry?
The Palm Pre cutting cheese: http://vimeo.com/4990760. My Blackberry only cracks eggs. 
Looking for a black cover for my Blackberry Bold...why are they so ugly?? 
My blackberry is so messed up from taking a dive into the toilet. 
Shizzzzzz!!! Woke up this morning and my Blackberry had committed suicide!...R.I.P. Bold...heading to ATT for a new one 
verizon users: LG or Blackberry for the trip? (Bb costs 2x as much for internet  )
hmm ok so its not twitter berry its internet on my blackberry why wont the twitter for blackberry applications work for me 
....rebooting my Blackberry. (or as @eckodabrat would say) &quot;rebooting my phone&quot; LMAO 
My blackberry is no working 
@doodle83 I have the Blackberry Storm and omg it's one sexy mother fizzle. Sign on to AIM tomorrow, k? No one had any G1's for me to c  
@TheDeeTwitty Blackberry Pearl from Verizon . . .is it still available? lol. I miss my BB 
ok never mind...no blackberry for me 
Is pissed that my crackberry is dying already  helpp?
@kalii2 i want a blackberry, but i don't have any thumbs.  
i need to get a blackberry....too bad i'm on verizon and at&amp;t has the best ones 
For some reason, I hate deleting old texts. But gots to cuz the blackberry is starting to slow down. 
blackberry internet is down .. this is rly limiting my tweets 
@oliviamunn i need 3g on my blackberry 
The only thing stopping me from the blackberry curve 8900 is the web broswer 
@MichaelMillman better than iphone? I can't use eitherbecause of my carrier  I am resisting a blackberry...
@karinb_za ... Actually my blackberry doesn't have a cam 
@Rie_H Yep, that Blackberry.   I was trying to download something. and... now it is working but still acting strange 
Why haven't I had the time to charge my Blackberry lately? 
@benshephard do u use twitter berry? Is it for Blackberry fones coz mine wont let me use it! 
i wish i had a blackberry 
Having a hard time using Blackberry 
and clearly...ii need to get me a blackberry...but ii love my sliide 
I really need to get a damn blackberry 
@spedteacher I agree! I picked up some followers after I mentioned my BlackBerry to you a few days ago. 
@dentaldiva1 Probably tonight I think I got it working on my Blackberry but I need to get off twitter and do some work in the real world 
Is wondering why the internet on her blackberry isn't working 
my blackberry died 
I want a BlackBerry, but my mom still pays for my cell phone. 
Just found out that my new blackberry hasnt got a camera !  ow well. i need starbyysss; i am addicted 
@jlock I twitter on my Blackberry using Ubertwitter...its an addiction 
Why is my blackberry and twitter not co-operating today?! 
i'll be on from my BlackBerry, i wanna stay in my room, far away from my dad's sight, i detest him so badly sometimes!... 
My blackberry is down 
Just lost all my contacts in my Blackberry  If you have the number text me with name and your pin
i just fixed my blackberry but i lost all my contacts!!! 
somehow did a hard reset on my Blackberry and managed to lose/move/mess up/disable EVERYTHING....    
Just lost all the files on my media card for my Blackberry. 
@pinkpenguintoes fuck! I grabbed the wrong charger when I left I'll have to get it tomorrow  at least I have the blackberry as back up :/
next week, i shall invest in a blackberry bold -- final answer. my current blackberry is letting me down. 
What does it mean to &quot;Compose PIN&quot; on a Blackberry mean?! I don't understand!  help please..
needs to download an upgrade to my blackberry so it can run smoother however, that means I will hve 2 give up an app...ubertwitter 
@tlockemy I can't figure out how to follow her on my blackberry 
@ThisismyiQ I can't read it on my blackberry 
Just downloaded twitter on my blackberry, and is rather cunfuffled right now  x
error 523 on the crackberry this morning...not looking good  #blackberry
The BrickBreaker game on my BlackBerry use to chill me out when I was pissed. Now it just pisses me off more cause I keep losing.  FML
Blackberry, please please charge...I am going on my 3rd curve in the past year with the SAME problem. Not happy 
@fodalweb lemme get your number, I got a new blackberry and only have like 20 numbers 
@JJfixit we never received the blackberry promised to us 
my blackberry is on its last leg 
I think my keyboard on my blackberry bold is wearing out.  I've only had it since jan 1st! 
@derekbenoit WHY are you unavailable on blackberry messenging! i add you to talk, and i can't even talk 
At work. Annoyed because there's sand from the beach stuck in the ball of my BlackBerry 
Somehow, while installing an AIM client on my BlackBerry, I managed to break everything and my screen name has fallen into a black hole. 
*cries* I scuffed up my Blackberry 
It's getting difficult to type on my blackberry with long fingernails 
I left my Blackberry at work and am suffering from some pretty intense withdrawal.  
Fixing my uberrr lagging Blackberry! Lots of apps to reinstall 
I had to fish my Blackberry out of the toilet today!  
I've been going a little crazy downloading stuff on my blackberry, now its lagging 
is disappointed that the new blackberry coming to t-mobile will actually be a downgrade from the one i have 
@craZyPabz u got an iphone? What happened to our blackberry pride? 
wishes her blackberry had wifi 
@feblub they just appear as black squares on my blackberry with twitterberry 
Would love to know why google chat doesn't work on her blackberry ... 
My BlackBerry is fucking up. It keeps auto deleting text messages and emails.  Everytime I pick it up, it's empty again ...
Replacement handset for my Blackberry comes tomorrow. They are sending me exactly the same one. Curve 8320 how is this even possible? 
guys, how to download twitter @ my Blackberry ?? help me please... 
Blackberry-less 
@MissSididdy damn I have to do it from a cpu can't do it from my blackberry 
I need to go in and see what's wrong with my blackberry 
@markmathson But no Blackberry support 
@kelliesimpson voted for you before over reg web, but that site doesn't let u vote w/ a blackberry  , so no more tonight
&quot;I suspect those poor BlackBerry users are seriously gonna have to eat their hearts out, hah ;)&quot; Eeeeyerrr. I kena say by Dawnkey 
I am doing #gno from my blackberry...definitely more challenging, and I can't see everyone! 
@binkyveloria hey!! I liked my blackberry!  lol
@LilstevieIRK uhh ubertwitter for blackberry. Its new to me  http://myloc.me/46nc
I want my Blackberry back!! 
annecurtissmith whered you left your blackberry? 
@annecurtissmith whered you left your blackberry? 
Searching for the best #blackberry apps. I miss pirette 
my blackberry got eaten...  
I miss my blackberry 
@emilykatvon jealouss. i just bought a blackberry bold n i think im regretting  coz it turns out the curve 8900 is better! noooo
turning 23 oh my god  Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile
@JoshFittell not quite tired enough, and it's so easy to update twitter on a Blackberry  hehe
thumbs are hurting from all this twittering on blackberry 
i feel so tired and my blackberry isn't letting me get on the internet 
@SupaOnTheRadio awww man if i had a blackberry , i would of soo gotten that app 
@KimiBananas new iphone 3g ooooor blackberry lol i got so used to have internet everywhere 
@LindsayJRussell I want a Blackberry Bold   Lol but there isn't anything wrong with me.
What do u do if ur ball in ur blackberry isn't scrolling down? 
so my blackberry just give up on me  its done
@Shayminn I tried sweetheart but it won't play on my blackberry! I'm sad now! 
why can't I have a twitter application on my blackberry? 
i can't upload pics from my blackberry to twitpic 
@taptam_76 I can't...the Blackberry is a work perk so if I move to an iPhone they won't pay for my bills 
I want my new phone for me, I have now is the blackberry of my breast 
Blackberry is freaking out, message light won't stop blinking, but there's no new messages! 
@aefix I wish I had a blackberry 
Just installed TwitterBerry to my Blackberry... This app isn't easy to use,either!! 
bout to be at the movies, BlackBerry battery bout to die on me smh 
@tsuggs721 my blackberry. It is freezing and dying 
I'm so lost how do I use twitter on my blackberry bold 
I get really sad when no one texts me.... I'm a textaholic  The curse of the blackberry
really annoyed with my internet connection! Blackberry internet isn't the same 
@duskodjukic What is that? I think that I just need to switch back to a Blackberry. 
i have never felt so disconnected. no blackberry, no iphone - and it just took me 30mins and the head of IT to sort me some internet 
Buy me a Blackberry Curve 
Overnight - 14 emails on my work BlackBerry, 10 on my personal..... Its gonna be fun day. I really don't want to walk into the office 
I HATE that I forgot my BlackBerry at home today! 
Not happy her BlackBerry sucks right now...I need a phone that works 24/7   
i misss my berry. no mobile tweeting until the send it back. 
I want a blackberry or a sidekick soo bad 
R.I..P LapTop  ..buy my Blackberry Bold Plan is Active add me  &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 20E28757
@etanowitz my  blackberry is so old I can't shoot video. 
I want the new 3.0 for my blackberry 
@UchiManeLaFlare I got the blackberry 8330 not the storm 
realized he doesn't use his Blackberry that much because he misses his uber cool Sidekick. 
Trackball fell out of my Blackberry  Anyone know where I can get it fixed????
Celcom customer service sucks. My Blackberry email after 6 days is still not working but yet they took money from me!! 
so mad i lost my lil BlackBerry cover 
cant decide if i want to keep this phone or get a blackberry. both are going to have their cons 
How is it that Blackberry's dont have WIFI,so that will not be an option to buy, HTC Diamond2 may also be an option but that has windows 
I miss my old blackberry  I don't like the fonts on this.
@swaqqsoosiQk I canttttttttt!  I can't focus! And my blackberry got a hold on me right now
Still can't get this blackberry to work properly!  
@StacieBee no iphone for me   I'm on a blackberry bold.
I think that BlackBerrys are the best phones ever made... but I want the new iPhone 3G S. 
* Wow.  I just randomly lost all text messages I had sent and received between 7:04pm and 11:19pm.  Gooo BlackBerry Curve.    Lame.  #fb
@Shegotbaggage I would say the G1. I have the Behold and I'm def thinking of going back to my Blackberry just three months in. Behold = 
@Shegotbaggage I would say the G1. I have the #Behold and I'm def thinking of going back to my Blackberry just three months in. Behold = 
@fwmj so jealous.  i hate blackberry. 
what happend to my facebook app. on my blackberry 
@jhef iheartradio worked 1st day I loaded it but hasn't worked since now can't get it off my blackberry  ideas?
should i go for a Blackberry Curve 8300 or a Blackberry Curve 8900 ???  i can't decide 
Scratched my blackberry screen and I am very upset. 
I tried to green-ify my avatar from my Blackberry and now I just have a green box 
@ginatrapani I'm not buying a new iPhone b/c my wife and I foolishly bought Blackberrys the day before pricing came out 
so my blackberry cuts on but the buttons dont work  anyone know of any blackberry repair shops?
 Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile
@sixapart why can't I get the TypePad app for my Blackberry!? 
Blackberry actin weird 
@sebastianmego and siri is downtown? i never heard of it. upgrade your phone man! i do too. i want a blackberry though. still not driving 
Lip gloss finger and Blackberry scroll ball finger need to be different fingers 
@bbgeekchic  I have not been a happy camper today.... BlackBerry has been, well, disabled whilst I get it back in order 
So my BlackBerry trackball housing popped out and broke apart. I reassembled but its barely working. This is killing me! 
To all the GTD folks out there... I need a faster way for input on my Blackberry? I'm finding it faster to jot on paper and re-transcribe 
@brad_newman Yikes... I did that with my iphone after only having it for a few weeks.   The Blackberry is so much better anyway!
Awww I wish I had a data plan for my blackberry 
I dropped my brand new blackberry in the toilet!!!! I'm on my curve right now. 
My blackberry battery died! 
Blackberry is having issues. I should start using that new battery..! 
Why doesn't my blackberry let me upload photos??   
I'm waiting my blackberry [ maybe or not  ]
I hate my blackberry storm!  
I spilled ice cream on my Blackberry! 
@PhreshlyPhaded noo no blackberry  i have htc touch pro
i want a blackberry!  lol
@dwgirl4life ur getting a blackberry??....I want a blackberry 
@ckelpin  its only for blackberry!!  
AAhhh, my BlackBerry camera don't work anymore!!  T.T
@dougmcsorley Would love to, but just got my Blackberry last fall so I'm locked in for another year and a half 
i wish my old blackberry would work..i miss it 
@surlesinge sorry to hear the blackberry didn't work out for you 
Its time for a new blackberry battery. 
ok so now i know what it means to have a crackberry...im am experiencing withdrawls without my baby.... RIP Blackberry Curve 
Sidekickin it right now... But damn I miss my blackberry... 
i always wanted to have a blackberry phone 
My blackberry is on the fritz. I can't update from my phone. 
I have a tummy ache  Trying out this twitter app for my blackberry.
@WJLeonard shurrup about your bloody Blackberry! Some of us are still suffering with our shit phones y'know 
@Bloggsy7 lol - unfortunately I cant take photos on my blackberry 
But a Blackberry is out of my budget! 
I want an iphoneee  stupid blackberry :@
#addictedto my blackberry 8900 
I want a blackberry bold  Haha !
UberTwitter froze my blackberry. 
@beth_warren I know  I blame my blackberry. We'll put a better one up on kellyofficial.com!
I officially need a new battery for my blackberry 
finally back online.  dropped my blackberry in my drink 
Dad was all psyched that I was going to give him my like-new Blackberry Curve 8310 til' he found out stupid Verizon doesn't support it! 
god i miss twitter on nights...i need my blackberry back 
had to wipe my device due a conflict with twitter berry and the blackberry storm  thank you back up
shit i think i broke my blackberry !!!!  x
@the_suze no, blackberry. I don't qualify for an upgrade for 6 months 
Blackberry update ate my contact list  If I'm supposed to have your #, d me. #fb
i miss my crackberry 
I want the iphone.  sorry blackberry.
Ugh its not working,.... I guess ill have to go back to my blackberry 
lost my iphone. I'm pretty sure someone stole it so now I'm back to the blackberry 
@magicalfrogs  Are you going back to the loaner Blackberry thing you had before?
iphone &gt; blackberry 
I wish i had a blackberry 
@zebedeejane I will have to unfollow you unless you sort out you profile pic (image too big, so slowing down my Blackberry) 
I misss It  stupid tweetgenius slowss down my blackberry -_-
i need credit for my blackberry 
cant decide if i want to hold on this phone or get a blackberry. both are going to have their cons 
I want a blackberry curve 8900 
my blackberry isn't still here...  I want it so bad!!!
I chke wid airtel blackberry support...they donot suprt ny xtrl apps inding 4 twitter 
Having another day from hell with by Blackberry Storm 
boo for Blackberry having extra characters for texts. 
i'm so hopeless. my only priority now is the BlackBerry Bold! 
At serranos with me bffe and my blackberry must be broken bc I'm not getting any of my msgs 
Blackberry Bold and Kingston 8gb microsd card en route 
Just installed twitterberry on my blackberry bold 
I put my blackberry on 2g and its working perfectly 
about to lay in bed searching on the new blackberry 
I just had to google &quot;How to insert MicroSD into Blackberry Bold&quot; Found it though! 
BlackBerry Pearl alive and kicking, and I didn't even have to pay anyone $50 to do my dirty work for me....  1 to add to the book
@BirdGuides looks good, congratulations- any chance that it will ever be available on Blackberry?!! 
I think i want a blackberry type phone  pronto
So I have a Blackberry just tempting me on my desk and my old shitty RAZR that I can't even look at anymore (it's ugly to me) 
SPAM! @Isabellagpqpopq - i don't believe you will really give me a blackberry storm, so you have been blocked!  #tcot
On my blackberry 
@anderssonmimmi You should buy a Blackberry Bold  I would if i were you.
just got my new blackberry phoneee. 
@Rell33 I see the Blackberry got you hooked..the BLACKER the berry...the sweeter the text! 
@nathanmcdonald hopefully better battery life, would be happy if it equaled a BlackBerry on this point 
@mrstephens85 yea blackberrys are the best 
Excited to be getting the Blackberry Pearl phone, soon 
2 hours later, the CrackBerry is aliiiive again  and I think it's fully functional?
trying out tweetdeck! its pretty sweet @lewwbreezy i might be getting a blackberry! 
@sinfulsignorita The magic all happens on my blackberry! 
can't wait for my new blackberry to arrive 
Wow, another BB Storm OS leak (from .122 to .131) with good findings. Will load it to my #Blackberry it later today 
@_DINA will be good to have you as a #BlackBerry user #followfriday 
@MarielMendoza  its just the way to go now a days  plus blackberry messenger is fun and twitter on a blackberry is better interface
Right back to filling his Blackberry with useless junk! 
my first tweet from my blackberry 
@catrinamarie yes I know but I'm getting a job so I might get one but for now I'm satisfied with my BlackBerry flip 
just got a blackberry! i am so excited 
@matrixy your welcome  I was just talking about how I wished I could watch videos on my blackberry
@jcrizzle haha that's because she taked photos with her BlackBerry and directly uploads them to twitpic! 
@MzJay08 I think my blackberry is my first love!! 
@MarktotheAdam whew glad you found it! I love my blackberry 
on my blackberry shit again. 
@YoungAceLX ii love my blackberry..lol..iits my life 
I'm writing from my BlackBerry now. 
watching snl with my ucsd girls and laughing about twitter/blackberry jokes  thought i'd tweet that.
lovin' my new blackberry 
is looking at a blackberry curve 8900 
@Renato71 Blackberry 
@johannajebediah i hope you can see this from your blackberry 
lovin my new blackberry 
Getting my new BlackBerry next week... Yay finally! 
hi mr BlackBerry1, don't work too hard 
has a blackberry now and just needs to get internet on his plan 
@SaraLHValo I'm on my blackberry so can't. However I still fail to see the funny or magnificent side to it haha 
@leighrowan because your positive energy is so contagious. most of my follows don't come to my blackberry, but yours do--  
Or, just can't type on my BlackBerry. I feel dumb today, or at least afflicted with fat fingers. 
my first tweet via blackberry curve! 
@Cibaby btw, u got a blackberry u should be using @tweet_genius instead of twitterberry and ubertwitter 
@kenlotich should've changed the blackberry and touch to an iphone... 
@LucyKD get a blackberry with qwerty keyboard next time... we even do apps for the medical profession 
@phineazzphat my bad sweetie  I had some sillyness going on with my blackberry so I couldn't reply
downloading some apps for my blackberry 
Just so everyone knows, I won't be online much during the workdays other than when I get on my blackberry. If u need me, call or text. 
@Starmari I have a blackberry 
@GeeTee808 im blackberry fresh for communication actions 
Refreshed and playing with my blackberry I love it 
no wireless, no 3G, no Blackberry, no lounge, just CoffeeBean n good old GSM.. Web20 on a shoestring with www.ping.fm 
tomorow big family celebratoin .. and all because me! xD &lt;3 i love it  .. hope i get a blackberry curve 8310 
http://twitpic.com/5oocz - Blackberry cameras such...but have you ever seen such an eruption of handsomeness?? And I'm there too! 
about to leave for my chem final! just figured out how to twitter from my blackberry 
@Blackberrytheme absolutely - what is a summer blockbuster flick without a BlackBerry theme to go along with it? 
@rif_ariadhi blackberry!!!!!! 
ooh! I wants a blackberry!! can I? can I? can I?  
