Most common words for this cluster:
[('blah', 262), ('work', 25), ('today', 22), ('day', 20), ('school', 12), ('time', 12), ('tomorrow', 9), ('amp', 8), ('sick', 8), ('tonight', 7), ('night', 7), ('i', 6)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Blah', 0.9919250011444092), (u'Moses_Blah', 0.6222488880157471), (u'House_Speaker_Nyundueh', 0.5165724754333496), (u'Monkomana', 0.4969172477722168), (u'President_Moses_Blah', 0.4955858588218689), (u'Sorry_Blah_Blah', 0.4946361780166626), (u'Liberian_warlord', 0.49316802620887756), (u'Blah_Blah_Blah_Blah', 0.4834166169166565), (u'Sirleaf', 0.4696480333805084), (u'Conneh', 0.4636046588420868)]





Blah sick not going to school today 
Blah....sick with the flu 
Coffee &amp; cigarettes. Blah 
work until 3. Blah 
Got school work to do  and a house to clean! Blah
@tjd06 Just looked at the last website u sent &amp; that airline doesn't fly to Portland  And everything else is $$$. Blah. Someday...
Wants to know what happened with the new kids last night, they all found a bit..... Blah 
Wants to know what happened with the new kids last night, they all sound a bit ..... Blah 
@johnianmarshall Oh right, I forgot about that tree I have in my room. -_- Blah, I have blankets around, but not a nice comforter. 
Blah, so much work to do and very little motivation to do it... 
Blah gotta get out today but I feel lazy  and a lil hungry
Blah, time for bed I suppose. Seeing my friends back off to Ohio in the morning 
back in Athens, back in the office...achy and spaced! Blah 
At school ! Blah  @mileycyrus you look great in the Venetian mask :*
Blah! asdfghjkl; My hair is being poopie. 
Blah. Woke up because of a stupid bad dream. 
Blah! I should be asleep for today's 10 am rehearsal but I don't want too! &gt;.&lt; Hehe I'm not sleepy and I don't want to wake up early! 
Wku internet is down!!!!  i need my internet! Blah...withdrawl is a bitch
At work! Blah! Maybe PAU was right...shoulda done a negative on those coronas! 
Blah!  Rain now hail 
@danspace Blah. I've been cleaning mine all day, damn rent inspection. 
Blah work again 
@MaschaD this one is gettin ready to go to work! Blah 
Blah I forgot I have to read huck finn 
My hopes were crushed. Its only the hockey team Ducks  Blah.
I wish I could go back to bed. I hate Mondays.  Blah! I feel like I didn't get enough sleep last night either.
Blah!  I feel like I've accomplished nothing.  I woke up super early to get started on work 
Another day of being: sad, lonely and depressed at work.   Blah!
Blah, mum and dad are down hospitial, i'm knackered, had to do all the jobs again... hope shes okay though. 
Blah videocamera ran out of batteries!  the Shirt Fight theme for 5/14 is &quot;the letter T&quot; design anything that starts with the letter &quot;T&quot;!!
@hpdrury 3? What was the third? Blah. 
Ahhh school tomorrow  I have so many projects and upcoming tests, I'm terrified. I just want school to end! Blah, fuck school.
Blah why do we have to have midterms and finals?  this one is really hard.
So sad danny went home on idol tonight.  he deserved it more than the other 2. Blah going to bed. Night.
Okay, it's official I'm effing sick! Blah this sucks! I'm sick, and still sore from believers never die and relay for life...ugh 
Why the hell am I awake this late? Blah guess it's time for sleep. Goodnight world all alone in bed with no cuddles 
Blah I haven't slept at all today 
Feel like a hack. Blah Blah. Haven't made anything in ages it seems 
Blah, the wife liked none of my choices in #cars.  back to the drawing board.
Has nothing to do on a sunday afternoon. Waiting for the ginger to get back to me about our lunch date. Blah. Twittering cuz i'm bored 
Blah heritage thingy and a reunion todayy  Imma miss my games  can u say TIVO
@sunshineangel89 oh me, too. Well in a few, since I still need to do something in the kitchen. Blah. 
I hate when people waste my time. Blah. When will the power be on in my room again?! 
Blah...I want a new cello 
Blah, Liquid diet today for tommorrow's little test that will make or break my whole world. 
@TheFeatureMag Blah blah blah....I'm still going into playoff mourning 
We talked for 3 hours nonstop. But he made me get off the phone cuz he knows I need to sleep! But I dont wannaaa  Blah gotta try. G'night!
Ugh. It needs to stop raining. Yet another day of stupid ping-pong in gym.  Blah.
Headin to work. Blah! I hate this shift. 
Reading, as always. Too bad its so cold outside.  Blah.
I really hated my cat today  poptwiz: do I keep a potentially dangerous and aggressive cat? But he is so awesome! Most of the time. Blah.
Blah back to boring old work today! 
Blah... Will someone help me take off my crabby pants? 
Is it five o'clock yet? At least i've got monday off... Blah, back to work 
Blah, leaving can't watch the game anymore  someone, keep me updateddd!
Blah no way I can leave this fucking house  no party tonight. Lameee!
finally ready for bed.. but need to pay bills first.  Blah 
I really want my mac certification so I can take mac jobs again. I've been using macs since I was 7 dammit. Blah. 
the yelling is over . . Blah yo quiero crackers . . 
family fun night was fun..but i am so exhausted. working another carnival tomorrow. Blah 
Blah to car repairs... almost 600 dollars...   Shopping around for a better deal.
Today is just not my day. I can't seem to feel any better. If i dont eat, im hungry. If i do eat, i feel like im gonna be sick. Blah 
Ugh. Bleh. Blah. 
Blah! Texted my phonebook and like everyone's asleep 
Blah I'm done with twitter. No one I know besides Justin has it so fuck it. 
Learning plans and reports. Blah.   so tired probably wont watch the game tonight
On my way to the doctor.  I hate being sick. Blah blah blah. I'm in the chickfla drive Thru with my momma!
Blah! Getting ready for work, woke up with a sore throat and the weather is yucky outside. I wish I could just go back to sleep 
@tulsa_weather interesting thought but I don't think it would fly. But, they did make coffee coca cola I think. Blah. 
is not wanting to be at work till 11pm tonight. Blah.  
Blah moving sucks. Why do I have so much stuff 
Blah. Is it noon tomorrow yet?? 
On another call. Its a kid. Blah. Doesn't sound bad but still I don't like calls dealing with kids. 
Feelin like shit this morn  and does not want to go to work!!! Blah blah
Still feeling yucky! And I'm workin an 8 hour shift  I think I might pass out. Blah
i've already been through the don't care, sad, and angryyy phases and now i am back to the sad  Blah Blah Blah
I'm like exhausted.  2 more changes and then the show is over. Going to the mall and then summer camp clean up. Blah. I wanna go homee 
Blah me too? 
Blah, why is FMA: Brohood 9 taking so long to download? 
Blah this week=econ presentation + 3 dance performances 
Doesn't like twitterberry  Not at all. Blah lol
Blah...Blah..Blah...blah...writing....thinking....lost in thought....I need to grow up....miss my baby...errrrr...no more lonely nights. 
Yowch, my calf muscles are all sore from spending all my time at work on my feet whilst wearing cheap shoes. Blah 
Blah, very very sick this morning 
Finished the powerepoint but I don't think its very good. I was so tired when I did it. O well. I hate school. Blah 
Why oh why am I up so early?  Blah 
Blah! I think I'm getting sick. Uncontrollable shivering all night! Could not get warm no matter how many blankets. 
Blah...history exam 
Blah hate mondays school's boring have to get back to school in 20 minutes and go to french blah 
Ohmygosh. It is going to take forever to upload this thing. Blah. 
Blah. Back to work 
No family bike ride tonight.  I only like rain if is paired with a thunderstorm. No such luck today...just rain. Blah.
Blah always late stuck in traffic  couldn't find good clothes to fit in to
near my goal. Blah...life's tough. 
Blah stomach is burning for some unknown reason 
Blah. I'm hungry &amp; can't have any food or drink possibly til wednesday. &amp; I'm bored &amp; can't even sit up  being in the hospital is so lame.
Blah,  school   not so exciting .
Blah. I need a non-freelance, steady job so badly. I want to work toward *something* with people, not just work with no real goal. 
Wow I am so tired!  sad cuz its only 10:36. Blah! I know its the sunburn.
Blah! Home doing homework .&amp; studying while my friends are out! 
2 more hours. Blah blah blah. :/ Radio switched to the rap. 
I need to stop procrastinating.  Blah. School is such a drag. I want it to be summer! Although, the weathers been nice. (: Eh.
Blah   I wanna get away..
@MattSanders Ditto. I think my brains too wired lately  too much going on. Blah
I'm sorry isaac  Blah  i feel horrible i'm not all here.  ah?? Omg. I think i just fucked up things? 
Waiting for my aleve to kick in. Blah 
Longest line ever at dairy queen. Its about to rain so hard. Blah 
In a Blah sort of mood. Here @ tempermentals. Realizing it was dumb 2come, i have 2work in the am.  but my babe is coming.  &lt;ShHhH...&gt;
Blah just got home. I'm already tired  boo
Blah....fever keeps coming back 
Blah hay fever sucks 
@crazytwism @brainstuck   One kitty just followed me again!!! I speak too soon sometimes.. Blah!
Blah. I just want to sleep more 
Designing some emails. Blah 
@janine_j9 Blah my parents didn't have very many baby pics of me and they almost lost them all. There's only like 2 or 3 left 
Having a bad hair day. Blah! 
At work.  Blah 
Blah...feeling like I want to get in the shower ..hmmm still haven't showered from being in the river 
Blah...feeling sick on a major picture day...no bueno 
@jimmysmithtrain Not much, trying to beat these allergies.  Blah!  How was your week?
Blah no school and i still wake up hella early been up since 6 
Blah time for work 
@krowt thnx for the #followfriday! U haven't been around much lately. Blah. 
Blah, started feeling wretchedly ill after work for some reason. 
Blah headache ishh 
Soooooo tired! I wish I could sleep in tomorrow!  instead I will be working a yard sale! Blah!
Blah, time to go to bed because I need to take the stupid SAT 2s in the morning. 
I wish my head didn't hurt so bad.  phoebe is toooo tipsy and tired. Blah
Blah. Zoo tomorrow, cycle around the lake today, miss you all  Bahahaha, all is still just 3 people, I rock ;D
Darn I left da window a lil open n all da noise woke me up gosh! Blah my tummy hurts 
Mowing the lawn. Blah day 
Hahahaha I hate online classes!!!!!! Blah....leaving o-town at 4 
Recovering from a nyquil hangover. Blah 
@jtimberlake hmmm ?!?!? I think I did something wrong  Blah! This is hard 
Blah stuck at work on a beautiful day. 
Blah, today stunk, no MBP, lost my bloodshugar kit, and lame &quot;party?&quot; 
I feel like I just ran a marathon even though I haven't done shit. Blah uugghh 
Watching the mtv movie awards online not on my laptop because my laptop is too OLD!  Blah...  
@Aktieriel Blah, sorry  You and Phil should start a support group.
Blah, my eyes hurt 
Doing a little bit of worky work.   Blah!
@Sammy_McPherson it is what it is. Just hate to see them sick. Clients can wait but hate seeing these sickie eyes. Blah. 
Blah great mood to end my nite 
Blah...This sucks no one is fun here! 
@tcharles and so is hers. And I won't have a ride!!!  I am going to cry! Blah. Blah blah! I wanted to go!
Horoscope 'Some important eyes could be on you at all times. . .' Uhm, creepy. That sounds more like a HorrorScope. Blah, still sick 
Blah! Not my most creative day  #squarespace
yeah yeah @johncmayer thanks alot _drove an hour and a half and you wouldn't let us in! Blah. Next time try not to tell all 1.3mil of us 
Blah - Mondays. I miss my baby already 
@sphillipsdesign Sorry to hear about the Blah 
@cbanana17 probably! Love it! But found out it is one of the worst things on the menu! Blah 
I miss two years ago when it was different.. Blah 
Blah feeling today.  hopefully that improves.
Been cleaning all day,eh my lazy ass had afew too many breaks . headaches is still with me a consatnt companion as of late.. Blah!!! 
Early night. Gotta get up at 7am, and work. Blah 
Blah feel like crap I really wish you were here 
Blah long boring day. I'm starting to not like jon &amp; kate plus 8 anymore. 
I hate the midnight shift. Blah. There's not enuf time in a day 
Just got paid yesterday &amp; have already used most of it on bills. Blah. 
Blah can't make icons without Char's help 
Blah I feel blah today!!!   so much hate  going around!!!
Blah summer so far, I only tweet on my tweet once like every 2 months 
@SittingOnPretty haaaa! Nah.. But I took her to prom tho.. Blah.. I wish I was back in HS too 
Blah. I feel nocturnal again. 
Blah, thought I was spending more time in the city after the Metric show but I guess not.  how disappointing.
Siiiick.  Blah. Buuuut, fun day fer sure.
Blah stop ruining Leonard cohen with smoking ads 
Blah -- back to the grindstone. Much harder now that I have to leave my 11 week old with someone else. 
Blah... Another crappy day at work 
Bummed cause I can't go to the beach today....Blah 
Blah blah blah blah..i have a headache 
@RainbowbyDesign yeah, I don't really expect much from her either these days  I actually thought she'd already removed you.  Blah.  BLAH!
Blah. Integration of rational functions, integration by trig substitution, and integration of hyperbolic functions. I don't wanna play 
Blah i desperatly need a new phone 
@amber_eubanks Me, either.  The best way to ruin a song, is to attach a video to it.  Blah!  
Cleaning the apt. Blah..I miss my bby 
Babysitting tonight, target in the morning. Blah 
is going to bed...back to work tomorrow.  Blah. 
Blah I hate being sick. No pb tonight 
Rainy mornings make me want to curl up in bed all day but I have to go to work. Blah! 
Morning twitter bugs! At work today my back is killing me   just when I thought I would get out of here early the work load hit! Blah
Someone has too much lotion or perfume on    making me sick to my stomach. Blah
@sora2522  Why the blah?  Blah makes the kitty look sad.  
Today's yoga session didn't do much to improve my increasing grouchy-ness.  Normally it makes me feel much sunnier. Blah 
Another glorious day working for the man. Blah. And worrying about a close friend. 
Feeling Blah...like the weather 
@cr8en Blah, I wish! Charlotte traffic is no fun 
Blah...headache 
Blah the weather sucks right now  i'm sick of rain now
Blah early exam tomorrow. No, I don't wanna go to bed early! 
Blah, more ffmpeg issues: Unsupported codec (id=86018) 
Hates homophobic Obama  work was fun, but i think i have the highest IQ out of everyone i work with. Blah, pay is pay right?
: Blah! I feel so alone and depressed.  Time for bed.
@ChelseaRiot I just left there!  I have to be at work at 8am. Blah!
Early freaking day tomorrow  Good thing I took a long ass nap today. Blah.
Blah for 10 hr work day. I want to go back to bed 
Blah dentist appointments  *histexasangel*
Mornin'!  I see more dark clouds coming our way.  Blah.  
Just woke up! Stuffed up nose!  Blah!
Eatin my breakfast at work. Blah Fridays. I wish I could look forward to them like the rest of the population 
Blah, why is SCOM discovering domain controllers but not member servers? I have the right management packs...I think.  #scom07 #scom
Blah it's rainy and gross and humid. Which means lame hair day. 
@ThrilledRebecca Blah!! I hate coconut too 
@laurenfreeman  I want to come. Have to work. Blah.
One Key Skills task down, two more to go. Blah. 
I work six to two! Blah its no fun xx ; I miss my  5_1pm weekends 
Going to the village today. I should leave my car there for some repairs  Blah! I hate public transport. #squarespace
Morning! I don't really have anything to to today... Blah  o well sometimes doing nothing is nice
Off to the frackin grocery store.  Yay for me. Blah!!!
Blah. I'm bored. I want to read butbi can't find my book 
I think it's safe to say I'm disinterested in everything today. Blah 
Blah blah blah one more hour at work 
Blah home alone wishing there was someone to keep me company tonight 
Blah working on sunday's suck 
Blah, my body is still shaking from latsnight.  im never good enough for anyone. I miss my best friend.. Ray and alex 
Blah.  chicken sounds good. Right now, anyway.
Blah... time to do the tests. My patch is really itchy today  and everyone smells like cigarette smoke!
Blah 4:30am gets here too quick  night
I did and she is being mean like always. But i guess its bc its out of her way. Blah blah blah... 
Blah! I hate being sick!.....but at least I don't look how I feel 
Blah woke up late. Rushing to get ready for work. 
@TeeDotReese nooo  it was too far from where I was gonna be! Blah! I'm on this melon-tooth now lol.
@briarlaboheme Blah. Blue light not so special. 
Blah  cramps
They just couldn't wait.. Blah, don't feel well. Going to bed 
Wants this pain to go away so I can go to YATEC. But I probably won't be able to go. Blah 
Blah 5am still up  daang I got deep problems
Off to church. Blah. Then, idk. Its not particularly nice out. Peace out peeps 
Blah, blah, blah... I'm sure it's all for a good cause, but let me help by buying more Heinekens! Hahaha  http://twitpic.com/3n88p
Going to our soon to be new house. Blah. 
Blah. First final is at 8 a.m. tomorrow. At least the MAVS play today to destract my studying! 
@DanniPandemos ok .... Here 409 is a cleaning soln .... Blah.... Over and out 
Watching SAW and doing loads of laundry. Blah 
Blah just got out of church weird Huh? idk wats next i love all of u n u should text me the number is 9364438089 dont worry i dont bite. 
Blah, nausea. It's pretty out though. Hope it's a good day! 
