Most common words for this cluster:
[('blood', 287), ('true', 101), ('season', 27), ('hbo', 22), ('episode', 13), ('quot', 11), ('i', 10), ('pressure', 9), ('night', 8), ('half', 7), ('tomorrow', 7), ('na', 7)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Blood', 0.8770198225975037), (u'blood', 0.8123314380645752), (u'Kusters_neck', 0.6626372337341309), (u'gunsmoke_gunpowder_smell', 0.6091840267181396), (u'splattering_tombstones', 0.6018524169921875), (u'Magna_Carta_Tears', 0.5862123370170593), (u'Has_Been_Shed', 0.5839377045631409), (u'Gas_Electrodes_Defibrillator', 0.5664786696434021), (u'pill_Norvasc', 0.5591780543327332), (u'Slayer_Reign', 0.5559855699539185)]





Literally spitting blood. 
I hate the V plotarc on True Blood  that poor chubby vampire guy getting staked was so sad
Ouch, I just bit my tongue as I sneezed. Blood tastes rough 
It's only two but I can't ignore the stingy feeling of the blood. The reminder makes me feel even worse 
@bkoppe:  don't let the sharks smell the blood!
Blood Ties, then shower, then class 
it's a week of finales! Last episode of The Tudors tonight at 11pm on HBO &amp; the final episodes of True Blood on MAX this Thursday at 9pm. 
Saw a dead cat in the road. Blood and everything. 
@fish_blood I'll take my charger. I wish you were going wif me too. 
@katyxbeth i didn't get to watch it  i was engrossed in true blood haha
Blood centers need to know about us. Tampa ADRP convention.   No great music   http://yfrog.com/0ldsnj
too much blood in my alcohol system 
@finickymia Found no Sookie Stackhouse books on local shops  Thoroughly enjoyed the True Blood marathon this afternoon #bookblockade
@stephaniepratt I've tried watching true blood but there's just too many nonesense 
wtf. mtnl has started sucking my blood again. 
Off for more blood letting at the hospital !! 
finished the half-blood prince! -wipes tears- 
@nihil_nil Your linkage to Blood got cut off 
@smeykunz That too  *checks him* He's asleep... he had some of my blood so he should be okay.
anyone see blood, sweat and takeways? - the poor little fish 
Just had my blood taken  it hurts!!
Feeling better. Blood sugar down to a more human 90. Could be stress. Could be this *#@+!!! sinusitis. Could just be something I ate. 
TV seasons are ending   I'll be watching True Blood S2. Any suggestions for shows I might have missed to keep me going through the summer?
This waiting isn't good for our blood pressure  
I am watching Blood + on veoh episode 19 love the music.wishing i could watch the live action but not old enough 
I just managed to stab a piece of bhuja (hot, of course) into the roof of my mouth. Blood everywhere - well, at least in my mouth. 
@michellej They don't let the queer boys donate blood. 
throat infection coming on strong I think  I can taste blood :S
Going to get my blood taken 
@jjooss I think he is :[ wish we could give him a tear or some blood to make him feel better 
Gonna miss Thick As Blood next Friday 
i just bit my tongue.  blood everywhere!!!
logging out to watch True Blood; liking Lafayette, too bad I know what happens in book 2; wondering if that happens in season 2 
Blood Sweat &amp; Tears - I love you more than you'll ever know - (No comment)  ? http://blip.fm/~7b01f
Just killed a mosquito that was sucking my blood.. 
no true blood for me 
I have lost track of where I am with True Blood 
Seriously addicted to True Blood just watched 2 episodes I wanna stay up all night and watch all of them but I don't have HBO 
@shirleenacho ouch  I remember helping you wipe your blood
getting blood taken out  i hate needles
Just spliced her toe open taking pictures. Blood 
So I just finished watching every episode of True Blood and am highly disappointed!!!! The creole dude with the fake accent was my fav 
i want to see the half-blood prince already 
Third time's a charm? Nope. Blood donation fail number THREE 
Apparently I don't weigh enough to donate blood 
@gailbarton I was watching Blood Money but Im all out of epi's now so no more! 
Finished True Blood, so freaking awesome!  For the first time, I'm actually sad that I don't have HBO 
Not feeling well. Sadly, blood pressure is playing up again 
all homo blood. 
Watching the first two episodes of Tru Blood on Blu-ray! Would watch more but that is all Netflix sent me 
what a blood sucking leech!! backstabber.. should've known.. 
I'm going to miss season 2 of True Blood 
@huma_rashid No new episodes of SNL either, so I'm stuck waiting for True Blood and watching the news (the only two things that are new). 
Just got LKH Blood Noir in a paperback, can't remember if I read the hardback already 
Blood test and CT Scan tomorrow 
i'm too small to donate blood 
Ugh, more blood? Here comes the needle 
Blood test today 
@millarca Worked great except that my blood pressure went up to have-a-stroke levels on it. 
Agh. Blood pressure is too high lately. Doctors wont give me meds that i need.    need to go back in two weeks again.
got a shot and blood taken 
woohoo True Blood is back on HBO on demand! Makes up for the fact that the DVDs were sold out at Target 
@Lizh33 I am so jealous. We just cancelled HBO and now Tru Blood is back. I wanna watch 
is vampire blood sposed to be like ecstasy ? lol nevermind it seems like no1 watches trueblood but me 
True Blood sucks without him, homework sucks, sleep sucks without him, tomorrow sucks. Booty 
@karennz watched first episode of True Blood yesterday... no bad so far - but its not Six Feet Under 
So, I like True Blood and wondering if Lafayette really is gone.  Really love that character and hoping he wasn't killed off.
got rejected from the bloodmobile 
i donated blood for the first time!!! except i forgot to ask what my blood type is, so i still don't know 
I want to see True Blood 
MOP left before we could do Blood Sport 
they killed the stingray  &amp; its blood is green.
@85Lives working in a lab at a blood bank i never have the chance to work anywhere else 
Another blood draw 
I'm so mentally tired and confused that I think I'm about to pop a blood vessel any minute 
So excited to be invited the True Blood premiere party next week. So sad I can't actually go 
Still worried about x-rays and blood tests, I hope there's nothing wrong with me  and it would be nice to know what's wrong with my liver!
Yeah I finally saw the True Blood finale! I pray Lafayette is alright!!! 
can taste blood, iv just bitten my lip 
Nothing like waking up extra-late to some Blood, Sweat, &amp; Tears tunes! I have to go to bed extra-early tonight, tho.  SAT's 2morrow 
So this means no piercings because of my blood thinners?! 
Isn't well. Having blood samples taken tomorrow 
@bumblydore dittooo. bad blood circulation? 
On my way to the train an older woman had fallen on some stairs. Blood was literally bubbling out of her shoe  I had medics sent over.
twitter's back and i CANT find True Blood cept on fucking MEGAVIDEO!!! urgh! (mv has that fking time limit) 
oh THAT'S what happened...relaxed blood vessels...double-edged sword with me... 
my veins are too small to give blood 
Not having cable, I miss Mythbusters. I'll also miss True Blood when it starts 
I'm so sad my fave black dude from True Blood got killed off. 
dad is getting a blood transfusion right now since he's lost so much blood from the colitis attack. poor pop 
was wrong and True Blood doesn't start until next Sunday 
I ran outa True Blood to watch with only 2 eppisodes left 
Jus woke up from a sleep that I don't even remeber starting??? On to episode 9 of True Blood season 1. Dam I kinda don't want it 2 end 
@yelyahwilliams I want to see True Blood too! I just can't find it anywhere  Is it any goooood?
Never want to give blood again  now shopping
True Blood is coming and I don't have HBO anymore. 
@Jackula it hurts SO MUCH. all of that = me fainting... blood isnt as bad as needles though. but owwww it hurts.  stupid jane haha
@fashionwars wow good for you giving blood, i have a huge phobia of giving blood so i can't, lets say one really bad experience 
When does the new season of True Blood start?!?! I'm watching reruns on HBO  Anyway... great day for the Bravos!! http://bit.ly/mINOK
Oh, I finished the last 2 disc of True Blood, wow! I can't wait for the next season, but I don't have HBO, we just have basic channels 
@royalblueb we used to watch True Blood together 
Downloading stuff on iTunes, watching True Blood... the usual! This weekend went by way too fast. 
Super bummed that our HBO won't be installed until next Wednesday, I'll have to watch the first season 2 episode of True Blood online. 
so full!!! i need to get ready in a while...i am scared of traffic  currently downloading the 1st ep. of True Blood's 2nd season YEY!!!
@scarletty24 i don't HATE True Blood, i just don't care for it.. it's way off the book &amp; they're doing weird stuff..  i wanted to like it
pissed i don't have hbo anymore so i couldn't watch True Blood tonight  Anyone know if i can watch it online somewhere?!
@petehopkins I actually missed the True Blood premiere...  I heard it was a goood!
im watching True Blood @MAX, still season 1 
stupid HBO Free Preveiw weekends, I've only seen the pilot episode of True Blood, and was pissed I couldn't see more. 
didnt get to see True Blood 
Make that Harpers Island. True Blood isn't online yet, 
bought True Blood last night, I haven't ever watched it before, luckily I'm enjoying it. now to find out how to watch this season no HBO 
true blood-- whyyyyyy did they change lafayette? 
Read some True Blood spoilers(couldn't help it) and I'm not sure I'm going to like this...I love my Stackhouse novels too much. 
true blood i missed it   
@g3mini521 haha, yeah  I was talking with a friend, and then watched True Blood... my eyes can't stay open much longer
Just coughed up mad blood 
True Blood was badass tonight, i wish we could have a tradition of watching it every snday @andrewfndavis @lauragetsdown and @nicklonghi 
Hating I missed the season premiere of True Blood 
I wanna watch True Blood now! 
has low iron blood content. Pouts 
@mybaby. Yay true blood!!! I miss so much  I love u!
Anyone know where i can watch True Blood season 2 epi 1? In another country hence can't watch! 
fuckin, i missed true blood 
I want to go home and watch True Blood 
so sad i 4got 2 dvr True Blood 
so sad i 4got 2 dvr True Blood  http://bit.ly/SzBMw
@thejinxisup i missed true blood 
Besides True Blood, this summers TV lineup blows hard  I want Chuck and HIMYM back.
Damnit, I literally can't sleep because I want to watch more True Blood. *sniffs* It's now my master  *starts up 1x05*
So the True Blood episode wasn't the right one. The new one isn't there  Might watch House instead...
damn, i missed the start of season 2 of True Blood 
Grandma isn't doing so well. Blood pressure is all over the place and she doesn't respond when you talk to her. 
Just took my blood pressure.  Is a little high.  
I really think my doctor is a vampire... she is constantly demanding blood samples of me 
I missed True Blood last night 
Daniela wants to cry, she missed True Blood! 
i wish i saw true blood 
I missed true blood!!! 
I wanna see True Blood. 
Apparently none of the channels I get are showing True Blood. At least not on Sundays. Which makes me sad. 
OMG True Blood premiered yesterday! Already looking for a link online, but to no avail. 
Missed True Blood last night  must on-demand it tonight. I need my vampire fix lol.
True Blood was a little disappointing last night 
is wishing that iTunes was allowed to have True Blood for purchase after each episode 
did anyone catch the True Blood season premiere??? please tell me what happened if you did. i dont have HBO anymore 
@sophieoxford a bit jealous, now I have moved I don't have Internet = no True Blood 
@KissaHasRSD do you like true blood? I loved it. I dont have hbo anymore though 
is kinda cold. Watching True Blood has made me miss summer a fair bit. 
Fucking scary finish to summer hockey. Blood spurting skate cut for my son.   he is ok though. Phew.
I dont think I will ever get to see True Blood 
@suelovely I did too.   I hate mosquitoes!  We must have sweet tasting blood...lol
cant wait till that flat screen comes in the mail!! im missin all the good shows...I already missed True Blood, wuts next?? 
Rewatching the first season of True Blood on HBO on demand, but only til midnight when it goes away  but then its time to buy the DVD!
True Blood is back on!!  I want HBO so bad right now! 
Carlton says True Blood is just like Twilight  But he's never seen either, so he gets no vote.
All this talk of True Blood cracks me up. I knew it rocked, but would anyone listen? No. Ari and I went season one all alone. 
got low blood attack! 
I hope someone buys my 80 Blood Elf hunter soon. I'm starting to feel the itch to play again 
Its a Blood red half moon. A beatle Landed on my saint christfer medal and i accidentlay ripped it off my neck  bad sign
Just got into True Blood, watching 1st season &amp; in the middle of episode 6 HBO removes episodes 1 thru 10 from on demand. WTF! I'm pissed 
Ugh, I can't find any where online to watch true blood 
The last night of free HBO was the same night as the season premiere of True Blood.  what do I do now?!?!
have to go to the doctor to get blood drawn, ugh overpaid vampires 
I'm getting ready to give this blood 
Target is out of True Blood and Generation Kill is too expensive. I guess I won't be getting my Alex Skarsgaed fix on my birthday. 
ugh no, rcn had all the true blood episodes on demand now it only has 10-13 
Waiting for &quot;Weeds&quot; and &quot;True Blood&quot; subs. 
I'm starting to feel the effects of donating blood  I need to go home
I swear if the next two discs of true blood aren't in I will cry hysterically  #trueblood
@hannana never. it's either the red cross out to get my blood, or a telemarketer 
So idk how I'm going to finish True Blood. 
darn, I looked for True Blood episode 2 videos on youtube and they dont have any.. I know that'd be illegal but I don't have hbo.. 
@jcantell  so that link with True Blood..it has a time limit as to how much u can watch 
@croosa haha - I'll let you know how the blood alcohol does - though I have to run to the mall later 
@prettyboyjesus so mad. I JUST started watching True Blood last night and at midnight they took most of season 1 off on demand 
So I can't watch True Blood tonight.  Damn It!! I want my vampire sex!  What a tease 
It hurts so bad!!!!!!!!! I'm so sad and there's blood everywhere. WTF!!!!!!!!!  
I crushed my toe. the nail fell off. Blood everywhere. Last day tomorrow. 
just finished reading Half Blood Prince...I forgot how sad the last couple chapters were D: D: 
I want to wawtch True Blood  #trueblood
@goodbyepenguin donors are amazing.  I wish I could give blood without fainting, otherwise I would do it 
Finished the project, didn't watch True Blood  But Im off to the Shedd so that's better anywho!!
blood transfusions and biopsies, oh my 
@uncool01 I'm not even going to read it - don't think my blood pressure could cope. 
noooo not enough blood 
can't wait for the new episode of True Blood. I'm hooked     =D
Waiting for my midnight snack to digest...Blood work tomorrow, I can't eat breakfast   So instead, I had my midnight snack.
Too late, too tired, have to open tomorrow, I will postpone True Blood til tomorrow. Delaying watching the season premiere even longer 
Blood test back - turns out I am in desperate need of some fun in the sun! Vitamin D deficiency 
wanted to go to the blood bank but apparently has to few red blood cells  now i have to eat (more) meat ... kinda sucks
I want to watch Epsiode 2 of True Blood!!  But it won't work!!!! 
couldn't give blood, her iron was .2 too low 
TRYING to take a taste of true blood with @rabeezy but my stupid internet isnt letting us finish 
NYC weather is so not dope today  Staying in wathing True Blood.. blood!
@madauthor it's the curse of having a chronic condition. They always want blood from me. 
Watching new True Blood all illegal like but great as always. Why is Lafeyette in this cellar place? 
@lekabu episode 1 of true blood was taken off that site  so sad.
Getting my blood taken  ugh.
You will be the death of me~ Quero True Blood 02x02 
@karmavampire I think I'm about the only person I know who just doesn't like or get True Blood. I'm sorry - I tried, but it's not for me. 
I was texting and didn't hear the man say apply pressure so I could text @allykae and I spurted blood! Then he yelled  only me. Ahaha.
@iamprophit i really want to watch True Blood...my hotel doesn't have HBO 
That's it. This ends in blood  #iranelection
Blood sweat and tears! An office without air conditioner! 
@crystalsimeoni I propose we go with red...for the blood we will shed 
blood donation sad fact: Only about 5% of the eligible population actually donates blood. 
I'm at physical therapy right now, then to the lab for blood work!  ugh! I hate having blood taken!!! The dr. Thinks I might be anemic! 
@JustinFleenor I would give blood, but they don't want my blood. Apparently I'm defective. 
@FireFlyDances I love True Blood! I don't have HBO though so this season is a no-go until I can watch 'em online. 
@tholdersr i love my new true blood bg now!! hehe ;-) its so hard to choose between rob and true blood!! *sighs* 
@ ihop! Still with the old blood! I feel bad I didn't get to see Julian mix!  maybe next month! http://myloc.me/4C0L
blood nosee! 
@gooshkon28 my blood boils watching this! #iranelection 
@Scorpion_Blood i dont give it also, but i was curious about that, and i had to give to see whats the rush was all about.. can u help me? 
Currently giving blood  then to victorville  
FINALLY watching True Blood. i'm such a slacker. don't feel shame for me @RU_it_girl 
Blood: the Last Vampire 2009 live-action is really lame. So much for a faithful live-action adaptation. 
my blood needs sugar urgently 
is going to bed otherwise I'll be up watching the first episode of True Blood......can't stay up for another hour.  
now that I want to watch season 1 of True Blood, I can't find it anywhere.  It was on netflix to watch instantly, now it isn't. 
@ChantellePaige True Blood! : O I have to find the 2nd season eps online to watch 'cos it's not on in Finland 
yikes, hedley's truck got stolen  25 Days till Half-Blood Prince though!
is gonna miss True Blood tonight 
My favorite True Blood character is going to die eventually, no 
@Rosenbergradio True Blood Rocks But I don't have HBO  so I'm waiting for it to upload to the Net ;)
mopping away the blood stains i barely noticed on my floor 
@AndyWandy If only you could lick the blood 
@kevinkap I didn't mean to!  jeepy's out for blood.
Downloading the 2nd episode of True Blood. 
Why aren't the vampires in true blood sparkly? 
To alexia they extracted poor blood of her  
i need a name for my company - i was thinking blood sweat and grime but i aint sure 
ah three shots three viles of blood I feel so sick 
@azurepalesky skunk is our cat we found in yosemite... she has blood in her urin. 
@DaeCoon I can't give blood either. 
Too freaked out by &quot;In Cold Blood&quot; to sleep. 
I'm in the dentist waiting room this is going to be brutal, like a scene from a horror film. Blood up the walls 
Blood everywhere 
I have no blood left 
Andrew's head hurts  Going to watch True Blood, then head to bed.
sleepy. would love to stay home again today and just watch True Blood XD but must go to work 
i'm too small to give blood at today's work blood drive 
I want to play blood bowl naaaau!! 
@renegadegrrl Watching ASkars in True Blood makes me bitter.  I miss Brad Colbert.
I will try and donate some blood my hemo is for ever low 
Man, I hope I stop spitting up blood soon. 
does anyone know when True Blood starts on FX in the UK? I know it's this month. I really want to see it! 
True blood equals amazing... 
I should be in bed, but waiting for Blinky to finish Trinity Blood for his reaction keeps me awake. 
@marshamusic &quot;Irish Blood, English Heart&quot; - that's got tension! 
realm: Dawnbringer  |  starting zone: Blood Elf  |  look for the douche in the pimp hat   thx &lt;3
Blood bank just contacted me.  Now, I hope I'm healthy enough to be of some use to the society.. *goody two-shoes*
@liaalu i know right? that color is in our blood already. 
@vivayn I really did  I didn't know anyone who liked True Blood until today! haha! I touched Stephen's arm  made my day.
@tsarnick I love zinging!!! You should really look into True Blood, I bet you'd love it! First season is on DVD May 14th 
Watching True Blood! 
Finally finished watching the first season of True Blood it was awesome, look forward to the next season.  Best show seen in awhile.
just got back from donating blood 
@Zobi09 The cast of True Blood was there 
@peacePEACEout I totally did go! and he was AMAZING. He's is the reason I bought the tix. He only did 3 songs. But Blood Bank was 1. 
@jimcota yes. This is why my blood pressure is so high.  
good morning everyone  i have to give blood now..ah. even tho im terrified of needles, i dont mind giving blood for bloodwork.
going to see star trek in IMAX. i'm mostly excited for seeing the Half Blood Prince trailer, not gonna lie. 
@JustBeckyV HBO's True Blood is a little different than the books, which I liked because I was taken by surprise.  
@danielr23 I just saw the trailer for Half-Blood Prince again and couldn't help grinning like a fool until it was over 
Loves &quot;Blood Freak&quot;, if you have not this classic cheesy B horror movie, you need to see it! 
Possibly considering Blood Angels... really? 
Whoo hoo! True Blood back on June 14th. Thought HBO was going to make us wait longer 
Whoo hoo! True Blood back on June 14th. Thought HBO was going to make us wait longer 
@moonlight2530 LOL. okay, I think this I could accept as a &quot;YES, I like True Blood very much&quot;  But you need something new.
Blood brothers was amazing.. all the actors were so talented and moved every single person in the audience. 
Just finished the first season of &quot;True Blood&quot; and oh my bug I can't wait till June 14th for the 2nd season to start I'm sooo excited. 
Owwwwwwwwwwwwww  fffuuu,,,SHARP -gmpphhh dr. QUACKS ! criminals, Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh Blood pee- BUT I PEE see 
Should sleep.... but isn't tired even after the True Blood marathan we just had. 
No room in my last tweet for the YUMMMMMO!  You gotta love a place who's address is Blood Alley . Reminds me of London!
@RedAntiques grrr lol as if it isn't hot enough already that is enough to make your blood boil 
