Most common words for this cluster:
[('body', 605), ('hurts', 57), ('whole', 53), ('aches', 42), ('massage', 16), ('today', 16), ('clock', 15), ('rest', 12), ('sick', 12), ('entire', 11), ('morning', 11), ('lol', 10)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'body', 0.9159706234931946), (u'bodies', 0.6369227170944214), (u'Body', 0.599980890750885), (u'vehicle_Kamenobu', 0.5924203395843506), (u'Hypothermia_occurs', 0.5787248015403748), (u'clothing_scented_soaps', 0.564721405506134), (u'joints_ached', 0.5628073811531067), (u'Exercise_releases_endorphins', 0.5612841844558716), (u'flushes_toxins', 0.5576449036598206), (u'shouted_Boniface_Shikami', 0.553455114364624)]





my whole body feels itchy and like its on fire 
body clock still up the chuffer..note never ever stay up late again -also afro is back 
no body ever replys to me 
I'm trapped in my a fat and old body ! I have no choice 
is so sick. my body hurtssssssssssssssssssssss. 
Thinking about practicing my posing routine, but worried I'm all out of body oil.  
Blarg I hate waking up and my whole body  aches  too bad thats more or less every morning.
my entire body hurts 
may have done some long term damage to her body. Knees shouldn't be this swollen and i have evil sores in unspeakable places. 
I'm now wishing I hadn't done so much gardening yesterday...parts of my body feel broken 
My nose is killing me.. want to go to bed.. but need to stay up as I am working late tomorrow and need my body to be aware of it 
I wish this sickness would leave my body 
@yoitsandrea how come your body doesn't hurt as much as mine does.  You're unfair ))))
Just bought some red bull to pump up my lack-of-sleep body 
Why do I have odd body proportions?  
Soccer drills are very tiring and my body hurts right now 
My body hurts. 
every possible muscle in my body is sore right now 
I don't understand how a persons stomach can stage a revolt without input from the rest of the body, needless to say: puking sucks 
My body is hurting and it's keeping mefrom sleeping 
body's aching 
@amandacolbert lol its so sad..now my body is used 2 being up at nite &amp; sleeping in the day 
@vaginasaurus It can't just be from driving b/c both of my arms are like that too.  They're like 5 shades darker than the rest of my body.
needs a full body massage 
my body hurts 
HOMEWORK  My whole body is aching.
my body isn't delicious. 
My body hurts 
i just want to love ur heart, not ur body or even ur pussy. am I wrong?  http://plurk.com/p/rdpwv
I have awoken this morning to the distinct feeling that a semi truck has run over mr body and then backed up and did it all over again.  
I hope I don't have to embalm this body 
When it rains...on this side of town it's depressing. Especially when my body can't handle the dramatic weather change, so I get sick. 
My whole body feels completely sapped of energy, and there's absolutely no reason for that.  I need real rest.
i would love to be home in baby bears arms right meow. my body hurtie. 
This dead layer of skin is annoying the hell out of me 
My heart say go but my body say no 
@BuddhaDogGirl plus i have my period and all the coughing makes me gag and my body tries to throw up. i am so fed up, love 
I could never forget you and your beautiful eyes, and that lovely smile on the perfect body!! &lt;3 
my body says nooooo but my wallet says yessssssss 
My body's sore  I need a massage. Anyone???
Putting my dead umbrella to rest... 
tired of seeing dead bodies tonight kthx 
is so bored and her body aches 
watching twilight special features I feel sick still... I think my body knws it will be monday 
@DavidArchie i am very sad. i accidentally got body lotion instead of body wash. it does not work the same. since lotion is not soap. 
So I have all these followers and no body ever wants to talk to me?? 
baseball makes my body hurt 
i feel like i've been hit with a baseball bat all over my body. ouch. 
Is so nervous  i never get this way out of my body 
@parlai No wonder. No I don't either  lol, my friends would freak out at the site of the body and give up so I don't bother.
ow little body is sore 
@festivalfan when u start eating carbs again ur body wont like it weight will come back fast 
is kinda suuuuuuuuuuper tired.. his body feels heavy  http://plurk.com/p/sxi9l
I really need to be sleep, my body is still stuck on eastern standard time zone 
Oh no  i have to perform in front of my whole church for body worshipwish me luck 
is insanely happy that her body finally got used to the doxycycline, for she'd go insane if she had to spend another 2 weeks feeling dead 
My body aches... Especially my lower back.. 
has overslept yet again and doesnt think she will ever sort her body clock out 
My body still aches from being in the cold all day!  
Just got back from hospital, my diabetesare is playing with my body  I THINK i need a new skateboard
every part of my body hurts! 
needs to adjust her body clock  can't wait to head to freoooooooo
super exhausted .....  my body is tired but my brain is not! haha
Ugh I'm trying to make my body move this early in the morning.....  got to get up...
mentally all charged up for summer and youth! Body needs a boost though 
At home relaxin......my body is killin me 
@mileycyrus i am so jealous of your body! 
@mongstradamus I never really feel well, I have a lot of health problems so my body is pretty weak~ 
my body hurts  massage?
timetable is packed with activities. whole body's aching. signs of old age! 
My body hurts from doing gymnastics on the grass outside haha 
really really wishing that I went to college...so I could have a real job..stupid body aching from waiting table 
every muscle in my body.. is aching 
@louisabouwer Not really - am very blocked today and my whole body hurts  How are you doing?
@michaeljritchie because your body clock hates you 
- my aching body 
is so frustrated with her own body right now 
is ill despite the zillions of antibodies that (as she now knows after studying biology for ca. 2429 hours) whizz about in her body. fail 
my body is so sore from going to the gym yesterday...hope it's worth it because i feel like poo 
@smply51 I know it's easier but it gets difficult when my body feels like this. 
sleep! you bastards!  new body clock please.
is tired but her body doesn't want to sleep  http://plurk.com/p/uei3q
@breakawaychick do u have body language by heidi? i don't have mine anymore 
really needs a full body massage! achingg everywhere. dont feel good 
I'm up, it's late. I want to sleep but my body isn't ready to. It sucks 
i've lost my temperture. my heart is achen &amp; i cant breath. my soul's breakin minus 31 degrees. my body is froze-chris brown-. true story 
in pain... and sun burnt. every part of my body is killing me. 
@marlene_ Lol I know, but I prob won't do it anyways. I never follow through on anything to do with my body 
fed up with everyone about my body 
still sick...I have so much I wanted to accoplish today but my body is putting her foot down!!! 
My body feels like I have been hit by a train!!!! 
Aching body, severe headache, this is not fun! 
@alethe y is no body betting on me? 
@mrscurvy I love to interact with people and no body's here. *tears* except the staff and it's a skeleton crew today. 
Body is aching... And have no idea why 
my whole body aches like i have the flu 
My legs and upper body from that total body work out is stiff and sore. I need a rub down.   
milk does not do a tomcocos body good.. aww chawleez 
@dancer_4eva haha what has he done.@SeaShells95  i know, i haveto write a whole essay on body image and health  haha what'd do for chinese
i have stomach pains, grr.  and now my body aches after doing that dance dvd 
it feels like I've pulled every muscle in my body moving into my new flat 
@tlswagga  lmao guess my body was too slippery to sit down on a hard surface as I ended up in the floor.
My whole body is weak  I feel like I'm getting sick
My body is so sore 
tired, drownsy and body aching 
I need a new Bench body spray! I'm running out of it! It smells so nice and it's perfect for summer! Too bad they only sell it in PhilIy 
@kirash4 uploaded the pic. and not really... all i ever get is inappropriate stuff. even when the majority of my body is covered. 
Waking up in the dark - my body still thinks its night and wants to sleep 
@Jaelardiz shuddup faggot!  its primarily my upper body esp my arms, from stupid bio field trip today. ugh! get me some calamine lotion 
body clock is around the wrong way  i should be living in another country!
I am trying to go to bed early........it's not working my body is not sleepy yet  any tips?
got a shot in my neck today  now i have 1 side of my body that is numb and tingles .. im not sure how to feel about the non feeling
I can feel my heart beat throughout my entire body  that can't be good
My body hurts  I need a good massage.
Ugh. I hate my body... 
Wishing I had a nice warm body laying next to me cause I'm cold. 
i feel soo sick my body is hurting all over  and alex is mad at me i should be mad at you but im not what ever thought 
My whole body aches.  I reckon I'm getting sick.
so freaking tired.  It's like my body refuses to move.  
Every part of my body aches   I'm tryin' so hard not to throw up 
That didn't take long.. A fragment of bone did not heal to the major bone, it is now being reabsorbed by my body, may need fix in future 
Practically my whole body burns... I can't bend over or make any sudden movements with my arms 
@TerriZSoloCEO and here I didn't think you had a cruel bone in your body ... torturing me with sunshine...hmph  
@JusLisaE what a damn shame all that body to waste 
really sick and tired but my body's resisting rest! 
i got peanut butter in my beard  it felt weird after... and axe body wash burnt my eyes... but now they're okay.
#myweakness my own body 
Every muscle in my body aches. 
Please pray for a full recovery for me, almost 24 hours in bed and it sux, my whole body aches!! 
http://twitpic.com/68q3x - got sunburn on half my body, no sun whatsoever on the other half wtf...looks so much worse in person ahh 
My body is at war with my mind 
body is tired and has a massive headache 
My body aches all over 
damn is any body still up?? 
@eilidhlive eat! fasting is bad for your body 
My whole body is achy 
if i lost weight i would have such a nice body 
I realize my body was still trying to get me up early for animated... but it's gone now. 
sun burnt  but it'll go brown!! now to match the rest of my body with my shoulders
Morning twitterworld.. I think my bed mattress is getting worn out.. I'm getting body aches every morning now..  
will take a break for awhile before training again! body's still tired and sore.. 
I did not sleep well AT ALL last night...and I still can't get back to sleep...being lazy until my body is fully rested... 
how did my whole body become this sore? 
apparently my body rejects sleep 
my day isnt goin good so far! ..my body ache, i need a massage 
bed time..with my red body 
dear body stop shanking i just fed you. ughhhh i hate my body when it does this, i feel like im going to die 
being awake.. along with everyone else. its too early but my body doesn't sleep in anymore 
i hate my body  so many scars and bumps.
is taking another walk - I really wish I didn't feel like my skin was trying to crawl off my body 
there are at least 2 body-sized lumps on my bed right now. Unfortunately not bodies; rather huge piles of clothes I need to sort through. 
I shoulda toned my body up b4 cumma down here.i gain 15 pounds 
can hear the tornado sirens going off. hubby not here- pray it doesn't come close- i'll never get my body in the basement! 
At gold coast hospital, can't stand the feeling of death - gettin chills in my body 
Where doesn't my body hurt? 
i'm running a 101 degree fever and my body feels like ice cubes, please keep me in your prayers 
My body hurts 
My cat keeps choking me his body. This isnt normal. 
My body hurts  but still need to party Lol where the spots at?
@killa4nialady I'm sick again. I have a horrible fever, and my entire body hurts  ohhh and talking to that boy :]
sick.high fever.whole body hurts 
I feel like my entire body is breaking down 
super muscle pain all over my body! 
I'm going to bed and try to get some sleep. I'm tired but my body is still really wired. 
The siesta festival is now officially over  i'm so tired and bruised. my whole body is aching!!!
is so sick.  i managed to fight it off for so long. Why did my body cave in now?
My mind is awake, but my body won't cooperate  You like my little rhyme? I'm a poet and I didn't know it!   http://myloc.me/2b5p
Ugh, my body is all sore and whatnot this morning. 
is awake. I feel SO rested, but my body is achy. 
my poor little body  gym tomorrow.
@dutyfreesins i hab no ideaaaaaaa  my body hates me.
Prossecco too acidic for me.  I find they lack body, not that I'd know 
i think the dog is sick.  i wish she didn't have that attachment to my room and expelling things from her body in it...
body aches and pains  need a massage!
@KingFOE   I failed at being a body guard, I'm sorry - but you did great! Thanks buddy!
sat here feeling like i need beach body for holiday instead just fat ahaha and should really revise 
Attended kickboxing yesterday...Didnt know, human body has so many muscles, given that each one of them hurts now 
It's far too early for my body to function correctly, I want my bed 
my stomach is leading a great revolt inside my body. 
feeling soo sick  entire body hurts. 
Too scared to get out of bed... body will freeze... damn winter 
My body hurts. 
My body is officially at war with itself 
My whole body is hurting me 
Fever.. Chills, can't move.. So sick  freeeezing, body aches.  I hate being sick
waking up. always wake up early. no one next to me for am snuggles tho  - try to sleep more. sore parts of my body  are surfacing
aahhh! mah body hurts from playing tennis.  but i still love that sport.
today, I got body slammed by a 600kg horse. go me 
ouch, I have the weirdest sharp pains going through my body 
not delicious body 
thinks her body may have become immune to her new allergy medicine already.  
Getting myself back into capoiera classes I missed it dearly. soreness is going to be a major prob.  mind over body....
is really really sick  my throat's killing me!! my whole body aches!! :'(
my body aches. 
still no call from the body shop  i am getting worried...
feeling awful. whole body aches. and its still monday. great! a whole week of work ahead and im sick! 
My whole body hurts 
I feel like a bunch of needles are pricking every inch of my body... 
my body is killing me....why?!?!?! 
no body loves me  im guna be single 4 evs :'(
i hate being sick  my whole body aches.
@bendbeanies OMG! That's horrible to have to deal with it so young.  I guess at least your body has more to fight it with then.  
Why does wal-mart sell body pillow covers but no body pillows? o.o *eyes poor pillow-less cover* 
I've been shopping for a bathing suit and I don't have that tankini body 
Not feeling too well at all  whole body hurts, no energy...getting some sleep.
I guess my body hasn't adjusted to working like a slave yet  damn I wish I didn't like expensive things!
@sexiiredbone718 no body to take advantage of... 
my body is hurting from working out.... 
Uugh ma body is not delicious ( still.. )  http://myloc.me/2lfP
Uugh ma body is not delicious (still..) 
needs her cuddle bunny  needs that body heat!
called nathan to say goodnight, every bone in my body literially aches for sleep  owwie
My whole body is aching. I want a full body massage 
@wesgarner i'm SO congested and my whole body aches 
my body is so fragile now... three hours of non-stop cardio  ouch!
tired and brain dead.... ripped my skull open just now ! wow what a morning 
There is something definitely wrong with my body clock. 
new motivation to move out of the good... tupac everyday. i cant, i really, really cant  [touching chest as my body vibrates fm his music]
My body fuckin hates me!!! im sore 
In desperate need of a full body massage...sigh 
@kramthomas nah, just packed as anything. body heat 
my body says: i will die 
@greeneyes1966 yes but they reckon they may not find the body of the plane   or the black box which isn't good - G0d bless the families
I missed u bed and body pillow...I however did not miss work 
My entire body's aching... 
benadryl makes a body feel gooooood.  some flower or something hit my arm during tonights run and it my arm got all splotchy.  
i need my body back.... 
at jeannies house. bout to go home. my bodys sore 
A poof of loneliness fills my body as i like here 
@dfrramirez eeeeek. i want to do that too but I'm up and running already my body doesn't nap 
*sigh* injuries... It's soo hard to say this, but it's like my soul is trying to hard to hold on, but my body is like ready to give up. 
My body hurts 
No sleep, my whole body just hurts 
@jennysunphoto my concerns is that the range would not be 24-70 as in on a 1.6x body  tamron is wide enuff but lack contrasts
My mind says i wanna take a shower, but my body cannot anymore  too sleepy and tired.
every muscle in my body aches  uhhhh
so so so ill today shivering and shitmy body hurtd 
i don't think i slept...my body aches all over and i'm sweaty. 
I think i need to change my body clock or  surely, I'll wake up alone tommorow again 
Just woke up, my body hurts 
@Battleborne i don't like the body of the cameros.. sorry 
just finished work, but am now not tired. at all. my body hurts-flu hurty  could just be the flu injection i got yesterday. not swine.
I'm so fuckin' ill .. daaamnn my whole body hurts 
My whole body hurts 
@princesssmarci But I thought it showed how comfortable with my body I was. 
just tried a grapefruit, sugar based body scrub for the first time and now i feel like freshly waxed car? 
Body and mind is aching and for once wish I had some time off this weekend, not to be 
work... Too bad my whole body hurts from dance rehearsal  pain
@DakotaFanning9 I wish! It was so sad when she died  and it's true what you say bsides they never showed her body in the movie...
@xratedr Why are you totally old lady status with your body these days? 
My body hurts. 
~Cheekskt I want to try the body paint thing, but I have to wait until I tone up my stomach. It's a little flabby down there. 
My body hates me. I don't feel good 
have 2 face bathing suite wearing with my fat whale body... help.. 
My body hurts from laying in the feedle position for so long.  I'm tired of being sick, keep me in your prayers!
my whole body aches. especially my back 
Now, what I really want is a drink! 2 bad I have a 50lbs body bag of clothes with me 
Just saw a body bag on the side of the highway by an accident. 
@enamoredsoul pure ignorance to 1) kill a child then 2) put the body in a cement block......insane &amp; heartless 
very sick  on the bed feeling my body is so heavy!!
@mandajanedanger was feeling a little tired  my body, not in a sleepy way, haha. So much dancin!
@digiom the body builds a resistance to antihistamines, but nobody ever talks about it.  i have that problem too
@spoonerist body pillows are awesome. unfortunately mine hasn't got any padding left 
My arms look stupidly orange compared to the rest of my body  @hannahbananala @ABowlesy
Not sleeping really wreaks havoc on the body. 
I've been up since 6:30....my body won't let me sleep in 
hmm. my body is not delicious 
yeah i definitely fell over our rowing machine last night my whole body aches 
My body is revolting against me. 
@nicksantino pshh my body doesnt let me sleep past 8:00 
plastic benchboxing + scratched up body = ghetto weightlifting gone bad 
my body feels soooooooo stiff this morning 
nothing soo board some body make me happy 
Just saw a dead body about 10 yards from him flipped suv. 
Just saw a dead body about 30 feet from his flipped suv. 
my body hurts. this bus is uncomfortable 
My body aches  I will fight the stupid cold or whatever is trying to get me lol
why is no body saying hi 
I think I am officially dying now, body aches, I could barely get out of bed 
Suddenly awake in the dark and my body aching  http://myloc.me/2Q46
my body is again generating too much static electricity. i touch a metallic object and i get a minor jhatka 
soo lazy.. i can barely move my fat body 
body clock screw'd. been waking at 8 during e wkends 
I dont have any body to twit with..oh well 
I love when I can't stop shaking...even when my body is completely numb 
Feeling like ass all of the sudden...body aches, headache, tummy twirling. 
says i hav major body aches~  http://plurk.com/p/yzu13
man what it takes to stay in shape  my body hurts
my body Body temperature--- 101.5 degrees   ugh !!!
weekends are rough on the body 
Going go bed early was NOT a good movs, my body straight thought it was a nap..5am and I'm up!  
My whole body is SO sore. I'm in desperate need of a back massage. 
I hate it when i'm so tired but my body won't let me sleep 
my whole body hurts.   why? 
I have an explanation for my silence. It's because half of my body tryin to separate from the other half 
wake. at home. my whole body aches. i feel horrible. what should i take?  
@mylaraz @anisapratiwi pengen body butter straweberry yg kmaren deh 
my whole body's aching.  I guess all the bad energy made my body ache. #SArmy
Oh body, why do you hate me? 
My body is so sore. But i have to go to the beach 
my body refuses to let me sleep in!!  ...sigh, what to do now..
@schaeferj89 my body does not function in winter  im always sick! ily 2 &lt;333
I unintenttally just spent the last 12 hours asleep on the futon. It felt good to sleep so much! I want more but my body won't let me 
@bunnydrumming its the fat that makes body happy and brain in the process.Could go for sacher cake right now 
wish i could sleep in.  my body just won't let me 
day 2 of the dance show and my body hurts so bad and my ankle 
just wokeup and brushed my teeth, im lightheaded, my body and throat hurts, and i still have a high fever 
@santospatty ahaha shut up  I can't feel the lower half of my body ]];
no workout for ME today....2mrw back on it...my body hurts	
good morning world... I need to get some rest..  my body is begging me to have some.. 
Ouch... sore body after excercising too much last night... 
@RayBeckerman I've been told they were burning corpses   ...
congested and body out of whack. 
body kills from tubing and sunburn 
Bked a little over 50 miles today. I was slow, but I did it! I guess triumph feels like a very achy body. 
My body going sick. 
I'm really tired...I feel physically tired because my body aches all over...getting old! 
@jenRIZZY my body hurts 
My body is sore. 
fuuuh. body parts hurt  forehead hands. loooonnngggg assss nighhhttt. im back in my rollllinnnnggg mooodds (;
I feel like my arms are short :s I dnt have enough room on my body to do everything I want to 
@jasonabent I don't know... I think it's a flair up of eczema from when i was little... something is causing my body to be very itchy! 
As much as I love indian food.. I don't think my body is cool with it   http://myloc.me/3T1n
My entire body is sore. I just wanna be cuddled up right now OR eat some bomb food. maybe both. 
my whole body hurts 
My whole body aches and i cant fall asleep 
paranoia ran through my body 
damn it can't get the body form song out of my head 
needs to go to a spa. body hurts 
body shutting down 
off toget a new headset  not  that  any  body  talks  to me  
Officially strongly dislike the non-working parts of my body. 
@adccfighter worth it to resist-high in saturated fat, and they are often pumped full of hormones that can affect your own body chemistry 
Wow talk about a huge drop in weight, 151.8lbs this morning, scary thing is my body fat is down to 4.5%, muscle mass lost is huge 
Body is worn out, going to be late to school 
I thought I was bitten by mosquitos. But then I found an itchy red spot in some part of my body. It's food poisoning 
I hate drinking cold milk; my whole body becomes cold 
My body won't me sleep after 8:30. 
The doc says the human body starts to deteriorate @ 25 
omg i just got the worst sunburn yesterday the hole front of my body burns so bad!!!!  i can't even move
@michellelynn69 you took your hot body pic away  I didn't save it
@JoMilson no body wants me  its no use. why aren't you here yet ??
my body is sore 
I am burnt on only one side of my body  why didn't I flip?
Every part of my body feels like it's on fire. 
My whole body is sore from fitness walking.  
my body needs to burp but I can't and I hurttttt 
proper bed in 6 days, wahoo! Now just need to lower body temp...far too hot, dam sunburn 
going soon~ @egg104 my body hurts too! 
my body hurts  it was worth it
I can't sleep and my body hurts 
My body is currently under attack by mosquitos. They want my blood. 
My mind is so tired along with my body. I'm so out of it and stressed. 
okay the sunburn is starting to hurt.  why must ONE part of my body burn.
@lucasss nasty and just bad for your body. I decided that after i got sick from meat  sorry this is so long lol
@Ladivixen06 you  just got it..dont be piercing your beautiful body like that you hiding all your pretty 
My body ain't feeling right, I pray I'm not getting sick again 
@RealAudreyKitch  drink as many fluids as you possibly can and keep your whole body covered with blankets.
well im really desperate cause i want and need to work, does some body want to hired a girl in adverticing?...  
@celesteh I know med. mj has its benefits, but recent studies show that it also blocks the immune system + body's ability to fight cancer 
My body keeps fighting off sleep as though it were a disease. I'm blaming all the soda I had today. Shouldve known better 
my body hurts 
So happy to be able to move this morning. This body feels a little old  but that's what being out of shape all about...
Wakend early after a late night of unpacking typical my body is sore with all the heavy lifting 
~ went back to gym today and my whole body's sore 
I don't feel well, my body aches  I don't want to go to school.
- my legs and abs hate me right now... And I'm on my way to an upper body workout 
My body is so sore. 
@vzofficial who judging your body..? 
My whole body hurts 
@MINAfBABY you still missin lol... no body never see u no more 
my whole body is in an extreme amount of pain right now and i don't like it.  boo to being run down for 95% of life.
headache and hayfever!! why is my body against me?? 
My body aches I feel like poo 
@rutherfordium there's shape and there's scary body builder wannabe! im naturally quite muscular so running is bulking me up 
omg my body is so sore 
off to go tanning then mini boot camp then bed  Why can't I just be born with a smokin hot body  stupid getting older grrrrrr
Really need to sort out my body clock...especially as I have to get up at 7 on saturday... 
@sweetgapeach03  Yes, a little better....my body is all out of whack now though. 
OMGzzz just calculated how much weight i have to lose to lower my body fat a good 15lbs WOW! how depressing ugh 
I think all that buttery popcorn i ate has finally taken a toll on my body  i feel so sick!
i want my sexy body back 
@nilampwns idk,my body isnt good..muntah muntah terus 
my body is so sore  eff summer pe
i hate how my body looks i hate how fat i am 
now that my upper body strength and arm girth is increasing with training, I can't shake the disturbing feeling that I'm getting fat 
body hurts and could use someone to cuddle with right now 
I hate my body 
is sinking in dreamweaver...some body help me!!!!!!!!!!! 
My whole body hurts.. I wish i had a more comfortable bed here 
I feel sick and my entire body just... hurts. 
Up at 5am  my body thinks its still in germany and its noon, silly body.
my whole body is burnt  my skin is dehydrated 
My entire body is aching 
I'm thinking of leaving twitter...no body ever replies! 
I hate my body, I really do 
@damonlibby thanks man. It still hurts to put my socks on. The doctor thinks I have a latent virus. Or that my body is sad 
Body ache - The usual, after runs 
@wyndwitch if you find out where to buy new bodies...let me know 
had a good workout and hoping I have enough energy to get my chores done today, lots to do and my body does not want to cooperate    a ...
@hush - it will surely kill me, my body has forgotten 'fun'. And I can't drink 
my whole body is itchy  allergies suck
my body is sooo tired  no more beer during the week
i feel like the fat kid  i'm so sick of my body.
I am so tired, my body aches, I feel like an old woman, and I have to go to an ortho app. I just want to sleep 
.my body hurts. 
my whole body hurts , i need a massage bad 
@Ohonomatophobia ok so my mom just gave me a huge lecture bout how I can't ruin my body as long as I'm under her roof. 
down with the flu  my body's aching all over.. hope it's not anything serious.
's body is aching to the max  http://plurk.com/p/11qead
my lower body hurts! 
guuuuuuuuuh  my body is aching so much.  i dont even wna go down stairs kuss it hurts too much.
@misterjpmanahan me too! school + work + social life = very busyy.  plus plus my body's sore!
layin down, my body hurts I wish my bathroom was finished so I could b soaking n my whirlpool 
i feel like death...my next investment? going to the spa!!! i need a new body that can function 
i feel like death...my next investment?going to the spa! i need a new body that can function  (via @IngaDurgin)i herd sleep is good 4 dat
my body hurts ughh thighs and all that 
that chinese food got gas trapped in my body o.dee I got madd sharp pains 
my body aches 
ugh, sometimes I think my body really doesn't like me 
I discover new wounds on my body everyday...sigh; it never seizes to amaze me... 
There's nothing worse than waking up hungry!!  can't drag myself downstairs to find body fuel! Urgghhh
@kim_halliday I think there after my body for scientific research 
It turns out that sleeping in is something my body is 100% uncapable of doing. 
My whole body is uncomfortably achey 
I don't know that what fever is I don't know that what that the body temperature is too high 
My body aches...somebody help me 
 no body wants to follow meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
Having the worst workout - body is stiff, slow, uncoordinated.  #tritraining
is putting Analiesse to sleep. I want to nap as well, but my body won't let me. 
@weiweifaith why are you up too? yes i sleep! but my body clock is messed up. 
My body is so burnt. I'm in pain 
@mz_icandy I'm almost 2 ft.. that's why I never take full body pics 
too much sun yesterday...i think im getting sick...my body is sore and achey 
feeling injured...body not cooperating 
The entire back half of my body is scorched  That`s what I get for falling asleep on the beach.
too tired to workout today. my body needs rest. i feel guilty 
@JuliaMcAlpy sounds like the stress has finally overtaken your body  feel better!
my entire body aches...thank you summer stock. i need a massage 
@selinav YES! they airbrushed it, used liquid body paint and shading. it's all make up  but I still love him hehe
I feel bad for the old people who have to take &gt;10 drugs in order to maintain their body's homeostasis.  
god I hate being this old!!!! -.-  my body hurts 
Almost midnight and here I am still awake; body is restless...mind won't shut down. I hate when that happens. 
needs a full body massage badlyyyyyyyyyy 
plyometrics complete with full body sweat, the shakes and angered expletives but sans puke 
@jesswrightradio I know!! I miss that hot body  lol
my body is so sore  need a massage badly
Feeling pretty sick  Body aches, coughing, and a runny nose.  I think it's time for bed.
So irritated. You're probably irritated with me now. Then I'll have no body. 
I'm in pain. I want to sleep. my body won't let me 
I feel really sick but I know that I wont be, not because I dont want to, but the fact my body just wants to screw with me. lol. 
@GodJewels i know right. and i be finding tickets all over my body when i get home... 
mosquito bites all over my body. ugh fuck 
tired - 2 hours sleep - my body hurts 
Already up and very sick. I miss him and think my body is having withdrawls.  hope I get to see him tonight. (@aarong405)
whole bodies sore 
i hate waking up two minutes before my alarm is to go off. its like my body knows it pisses me off and has a vengeance towards me. 
@JordanGerdes i can't dance because my body is terribly broken 
listening to castavet. hella tired. the pain is taking over my body. 
my body is in pain!  and my heart too..
@peterjamescasey body stander flat is sproke  love u
my body is all hurty... 
omg i was just passing a crash and i swear i just saw a dead body 
@Candylatte we would already have put the window a/c in, but I went to the gym &amp; over did it on my upper body. my arms are soooo sore 
My head feels like it's about to fall off my body 
my mind is tired, my body isn't.  le sigh.  finally going to watch the series finale of pushing daisies...i'll probably cry.  
wakes up in a strange bed often. No sign of another warm body though 
@donaldsng my friend asked me to go pilates again, 'fraid my body cannot take it already. its aching all over 
Body betrayal - slept little 2 nights ago, no caffeine yesterday, somehow crashed for an hour around 8pm, then couldn't sleep last night. 
@agioacchini  b.c my body hates me.  lol
@DetroitVoice my body is so trained I cannot sleep in if I wanted to 
Just woke up and my body still hurts.. 
 i feel like my insides are slowly being torn from my body...
I think my body forgot how to sleep in 
I'm getting too old for this game  my body can no longer cope with staying up until 4 in the morning and sleeping on the floor.
tried to sleep in. didn't work. my body must be in sync with @broox. 
just excavated my first ever body....shame it was a puppy 
My body hurts  hah
My body hurts from sunburn plus falling off the ladder at the pool and going headfirst into the fence yesterday 
i'm so damn tired -.- every single part of my body hurts. everything 
@AvenaLeeMVP I was having really bad asthma so couldn't sleep, basically when the weather switches up my body reacts to it  u good?
my whole body is sore! 
I have figured it out i might have the body of a model however i do not have the eyes because i cannot stair into sunlight for so long 
's body hurts! 
Pretty clothes fit my body but not my budget 
my plaster fell off  &amp; my whole body aches
called body shop: told they closed at 4. went at 3...body shop closed. looks like i need to drop it off monday to get fixed. 
I fucking hurt right now. No joke. I can't even move or my whole body feels like acid is being poured onto it 
My body hurrrrrts  iMiss you...
@therealpnut No body to scoop u up. 
i have absolutely no clothes on. my body is so fucking pale 
my entire body feels like i've worked out 24/7 for the last week and i didnt! i hurt soooo bad!  i dont get what is going on.
The burning on my body.... self conflicing.... the burning.... do you know how it feels 2 b on fire???   U laugh go ahead.it's no joke
Hears her bed sheets calling, but my body says too bad. 
@kg86 But E63 is plastic body!  What about button mash?
This workout bout to hit me n the morn... Body gn b sore 
my body is sore 
I want my summer `08 body back. 
i really wanted a lie in today but my body clock woke me up at 8 
 my whole body is aching... didnt thought the aftermath of a chalet could be this bad.
I really wish my body and sleep could work out there differences. I miss it. 
Why is it so hard to catch up on sleep?!? I swear my body is just going to give up on me soon 
fingers and feet are still sore... as well as the rest of my body. 
my body huuurts  why proper preparation for physical activity is always good
@Ryokea unfortunately  have you ever felt so tired that your body just feels uncomfortable?
cleaning my room is the biggest pain in my body !!! 
my body is so sore.. 
every muscle in my body lets me know i exist right now.. and they don't like me 
my entire body hurts, ouchy 
no body to call and talk too 
My whole body is burning up. 
Working from home today.  Body is aching all over and getting chills   Has the wrath of the pig finally afflicted me?!
@xstex ahaha, same. my body clock is all messed up. 
Dammit! She's been gorgeous all week, until just then when I saw her from the front.   Body off baywatch, face off crimewatch 
sometimes i think it is very sad how possible it is that the majority of women will never be comfortable with their bodies 
just got finished with making breakfast biscuits and no body wants them 
My body is aching... 
bald and cold, damn hot out and i'm not used to not having long strands of dead protein atop my head. lowers body temp. about 10 degrees. 
burping up a storm... why oh why, its like my body is working against me 
I officially hate my body. I'm never going to find a swimsuit 
I effin locked my keys in my house and I'm stuck outside!!! WTF???  supposed to be at body pump at 615  and its like 100 degrees  damn
I effin locked my keys in my house and I'm stuck outside!!! WTF???  supposed to be at body pump at 615  and its like 100 degrees  damn
Fever of 102, I am lying in bed with 7 fuzzy blankets and I feel like pins and needles through my body, 
Feeling so sickly lately, my throat is sore, body warm and every day so mega exhausted 
my body is totally limp and weak.  sushi tomorrow, hit me up if you're down!
whole body aches. ouch 
I feel really odd now. I think i'm falling sick. I feel like there is a fish bone stuck in both sides of my body and it keeps rippling. 
I  have made up my mind to goet back on my fitness program.  Being w/out a job will take a toll on your body. 
killed my shoulders again at the gym, i hope i'll be able to lift up my arms tomorrow.     shower, then off to body english
my body hurts me  hate being a girl
I got a headache, because of the hot climate and my weak body 
Every muscle in my body aches after my first session with a personal trainer yesterday. I think it may be the last! 
I am still not feeling very well....my body aches..headache..I need a rest bah ni.. 
It's almost 4:30am and I am already awake  screwed up body clock!
y wont my body let me sleep a little longer  i suck
My body is not delicious 
why do i bother setting the clock any more? my body is just going to do whatever the hell it wants!  
Sadly, still on body. 
Its 8am and my body won't function. 
Due to the fact that I am a weakling, my upper body is soooo sore 
My body feels like it got hit with a mack truck 
omg my whole body aches  how can i get out of bed
 no body will talk 2 me.     *cries*
@jennlajeunesse i have felt like it, my body knows it too and that's the saddest part 
is lying on my comfy bed enjoying the sun on her body but definatley needs a bigger bra! 
my body's aching to rest, my mind's so freakin alert, my brain can't absorb a damn thing. but i must endure............ sike. gnite 
Morning people, body always likes to get up around 7 when alarm is not set, so here I am 
iamdiddy i agree with u, every body needs to enjoy wat god has given around us...  
Covering my body in tattoos right now.  bed soon
@TheGamblingGuru http://hub.tm/?AFHJZ   I think your sidebar is wider than the main body.
shopping.....does a body good. 
best body shot of my life! hahah and first 
went to gym for an hour...felt like a treat to the body 
I'm going to have a big fat fry up when matt wakes up. It might soak up all the vokda in my body 
@1achilles1 as long as your body continuously paralyze itself while ur asleep u should be cool. or ud be sleep walking or whatever 
@swaggboss milk does a body good 
I'm revising for my exams, and drinking my own body weight in coffee  x
@jolienguyen body heats back up after the cooling creme wears off. so avoid store bought ish!!  hope you feel better
After 8 years of yoga, finally figured out my body needs blocks to do a proper lunge 
Just got my Y pass!!  rock hard body here I come ;)
@dopeambeezy just start with body rolls and the wave 
today was awesome!! body worlds museum was great! love to look @ plastinated bodies! gonna def go back! 
have had a hugely productive day  my body hurts though...
@JoyofZen 3:18 is low ebb for body you should be asleep - 11:20 am here and suprisingly sunny 
@izzagillianne what's a flow toy... and i am not very fond of looking at my body...whether naked or dressed...except when i am in a suit. 
I woke up absolutely soaked but my hair looks great. Nothing like dry fever sweats to give hair volume and body. 
Thinking about going out for a run.... I need to shock my body a little...haha.. 
@geminibros nope, golden retriever  hard to tell with the body all twisted up like that
@lymewife Because it was my symptoms flaring in the same spots of my body.. but more. And now the next day they don't feel as bad 
blasted my muscles with full body workout...waiting for soreness to set in  that means it's working!
@MTVBuzzworthy the body of christopher creed. read it, you'll know why 
DONE!!!!  so tired.  and my body aches.
my body isnt itching anymore 
my body is aching. I can barely move...but its worth it to be champs 
Watching Body of Lies...good film 
@agentwill I didn't want to tell you but I think it's your body odour  
following some body on twitter 
@gretchenrubin I love this!!  our body should tell us how much sleep it needs, and its always good to be mindful at mealtimes 
@xsparkage  well of course we never see your whole body on youtube but i didnt have the feeling that you need to loose weight- really 
i think everyone has it in for me how can they resist this body then when i work out 
@ambskie what part of the body is that? 
@oliviamunn omg tell me you and tila tequila shared body shots 
Yay for screwed body clocks!!!! 
@mileycyrus u have a perfect body mileyyy 
had a great body massage...helps to release stress...guess will need to do this weekly! 
just had body scrub and swedish massage. YEAHHHH! 
@Charlotteis I'm an expert in body langugage - if that helps - seriously. I was employed for that very skill - the body never lies 
getting into beach body shape, marines style  http://charlotteord.blogspot.com/
The list of parts that aren't sire right now is shorter then the list of swore body parts.  But it was a good ride 
@spencerpratt omg! body language is so good too! haha i liked ur rapping it it! 
just woke up from a most refreshing nap. apparently, my body missed sleeping 
@colinkelly i am thinking about making my body is a tentpole also 
@lazmad that one has a body though, I was expecting something much moar deformed LOL that pic is perfectly conceiveable as a puffin 
going to studio dance  (: ..... shake your body yaaaaa ! 
@teyona_antm teyona you are so beautiful and your body rocks ^^ you deserved to win 
@sueharmon77 great to hear! my body can use the break from putting on miles for both of us. 
@bobbyedner let her go; echo: flash flash; body talk: lost then found... to narrow it down..  but really... let her go..
k ppl yall told me not 2 wrk too hard tonite and I slowed it dwn 4 once! ha my body is thankin me right now, ahh no body aches 2nite.. 
Apparently has a weird-shaped body 
@Dublicious there is nokia app which senses movement when asleep. so it listens 2 body n wakes you up when  naturaly ready 
@olivebunny i totally have that body wash. It smells amazing 
just back from outside, now just being bored.. andy body knows something? 
I think my body is trying to tell me that I'm getting too old to play softball but I just can't say no.  
