Most common words for this cluster:
[('boo', 464), ('hoo', 36), ('work', 35), ('today', 29), ('day', 22), ('i', 21), ('time', 20), ('amp', 20), ('tomorrow', 19), ('night', 13), ('na', 13), ('oh', 13)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Boo', 0.9707037806510925), (u'fucking_hoo', 0.7056968212127686), (u'Boo_Hoo_Hoo', 0.6032964587211609), (u'PAYNE_Carlton', 0.6029381155967712), (u'lightful', 0.599906861782074), (u'Fraidy_Cat', 0.5914231538772583), (u'Hel_lo', 0.5846593976020813), (u'Boo_Hoo', 0.5768148899078369), (u'Hooo', 0.5760253071784973), (u'Doo_Doo', 0.5757772326469421)]





@RussyRhubarb A new twitter name without telling me? Boo. By the way, I think Oberon is dead  Haven't seen him for ages...
boxee now has Pandora. Useless to me here in Oz. Boo hoo 
On the bus off to school... Boo. Making up the biology test today. 
Oh. Scratch that. I just lost two followers. Boo 
Flight today! I woke up an hour later than I wanted to.  Boo.
Boo! The kitchen fucked up my dinner order, they didn't give me french fries I think. Unless I didn't see them or someone took em  fail!
#F1 Boo - no Brundle Toyota baiting with the covers on 
Freakin throat hurts &amp; eyes are burning. Boo think I'm getting sick  poor me
Boo. Another day at work! 
@Tatterededges Noooooo. Boo for computer problems. I can empathise. 
Boo, Mycah leaves tomorrow...  But we have today and it will be spent on a picnic and then on a major movie marathon!
@aplusk Oh no  Boo! I hope you feel better!!
Ugh! Got that horrible sunday evening back to work feeling  made even worse by the fact i have had a week off! Boo!
Heading home from Hawaii to face the flooded house.  Boo hoo. 
Missed the sandwich van!!!! Going to have to traipse down to tescos. Boo 
Dunno if it was the weird sleep but I'm feeling weird. Revenge of yesterday's French food, perhaps? Also - rain ambush! Boo 
Boo hiss!!!! Mia has her first pox blisters!! 
Sun is shining, birds are tweeting and I'm stuck indoors! Boo! 
It's raining  Class 12-1, lunch, class 2-4:45, dinner, practicing my spn presentation. Then studying for spn and psych. Boo.
@timTech Analog is going away? Say it ain't so, Tim! I like analog... it doesn't have the dead, sterilized feel of digital. Boo. 
Boo hoo hoo  Got to go to minor injuries hospital to look at my finger. Its still bleeding heavily. I DONT like hospitals *sulks*
underwhelmed by the new series of Ashes to Ashes. Boo 
@eighth_bit Your job is so much more exciting than PhD work. Boo. 
Fark. My Jd bw's finally cracked. At least they lasted alot longer than the persian's.   Boo.
@powerofpink I saw Bride Wars in the theatre and wasn't impressed with that, either.    And each film has actresses I love and admire. Boo
@spasticartist Awe, hahaha. I'm sorry she didn't see the resemblance!  Boo!
http://twitpic.com/4e89x - Noooo... Buds are going to yellow, plant's not going to flower again  Boo Hoo!
Blah tonight was a bust. Too many drinks and only a small buzz. At home already. Boo. Lame night 
Noooooooooooooooo iPod death!!! Whenever I press anything I just get a faint grey bar on the screen and nothing happens. Boo 
Gutted I'll have to leave my Wii behind  Only had it four months! Boo hiss *throws rotten tomatoes and cabbage*
No sleep, stayed up all night. Casting call today. Nervous!! Photo shoot tomorrow. Sooo fucking tired! And I miss someone. Boo. 
@IHeartDank LOL I loved our Nsync session last night haha I love you sam you are fucking amazing!!!! feel better Muah! Boo Work 
hates this being trapped in the flat business.  Want to get out and have fun... but cough is getting in the way. Boo. 
Watching the latest episode of Scrubs. Boo, there are only two more episodes ever 
Nuggents beat the Mavs. Boo Hoo! 
@Lissi12 Boo. That's no fun 
Boo. Think I just pulled a muscle in my neck? 
Boo... Such a short time and already heading home... 
Boo Bunny is sick 
Miss my Baby Boo Bear....... 
Boo the class i wanted to take over summer is full  Now i am a sad Panda
@misamille No, I missed it  Boo. This is about the Mayans (sp?)
I have two Joystiq contests bookmarked (one entry per day) and I forgot to enter them today.  Boo-urns.
@WendyDouglas1 Boo Hoo  Hope you've got your face mask!
Dreamt about teeth again - worse than ever with all teeth falling out leaving tooth nubs &amp; some tongue &amp; roof of mouth came out too. Boo. 
Ok I have done 50% of my work done and the rest are essays  Boo
Leaving Alaska at 9:30pm AK time tonight. Already at the airport. Boo hoo  
@jabop Nooo! I just changed into my jammies. Boo. Enjoy Family Guy and pizza without me! 
Boo. Everyone on AIM left me. 
mom wants to watch Ghost Hunters... I have to turn music down! WAAAAAAA  Boo her!
Burn tongue on yummy tea. Boo 
@HeatheritaVerde ima miss those duckies. And the storm commenced like 30 seconds ago here. Boo.  Woulda been a perf night for movies! 
@Thud_Hardbutt drivin to work... Boo 
Hay fever extreme!!!!! Will somebody please trade nose's?? Boo 
correction... I will not be bringing Boo Berries to Mexico 
At work, kinda tired! Retailer order to be processed! Boo!!  Girlies coming to visit tonight though so woop!
@RealWorldCara UberTwitter is killing your battery again?   Boo!!!
@KeekDude I miss you guys too!! Been working so much! Boo 
@cbap Hahaha!!!!!! I shouldn't be LOL at 4:30am, but I just did. Insomnia is the worst. I'm seriously pulling an all nighter. Boo 
Holiday's almost over  back to work tomorrow. Boo!
Morning! Just checkin in to see what I missed. Gotta go clean and shit. Boo 
Shower, quick tidy, then final round of spider diagrams before tomorrow's exam. Boo. 
Boo. Family drama=charcoal tofu. I like mine crispy, not incinerated! 
Boo. Last nights booze is still hurting my belly 
going to sleep because tomorrow I'm taking the CST. Boo to the boo. 
Headache. Boo. 
@jrmcmichael Yes I did! But eff me! Everything in the swimsuit fits good except the boobs! The boobs are huge and well mine are NOT!  Boo
Right. Presentation preparation today and catching up on little jobs. Late night later. Boo...    
@Wilymon Boo Denver and people from surrounding areas  -- &quot;I eat so many lemons because I am so bitter...&quot;
@bobbinrob We had chicken drumsticks and wings. NOMMMM. *gives you some* Woe, work! Boo.  Say hi to the possums for me!
Oh SHIT I just realized how much fucking RSS nonsense I probably have to go through tomorrow. Boo. 
Back to work I go...Boo!  Laters x
I think Laptops hate me.. Boo  Slowly but surely getting the dancing site updated inbetween BSOD's every few bloody minutes  haha
@ceruleanbreeze Boo, hiss. Aw, I'm pissed off I missed both the epic and the Firefly. 
Shooting my last roll of SX-70 Polaroid film today. Boo  #togs
I have finally settled on using multiple installs of WP instead of WPMU. Only way to have the functionality I need. Boo 
woo hoo it's Friday! and I don't have to go driving anywhere this evening... although I will miss seeing Kev  Boo.
 @the_prodigy AND @NKOTB in Boston 2day Boo!! Roll on summer already!!! x
@rumblelizard I'd join you in the #FFF but i'm working this weeken. Boo. 
Boo, I got paid $650ish and down to $300 already  stupid bills. Should be lower but wanted a lil fun money/bike crap (and Kiehl's)
@suebrody1 i'm hearing AFTER the tour. Thats a 2 month wait!  Rhombus getting all the free publicity &amp; record sales boost. Boo!
@monodramatic Boo  Places like that shouldn't have closing days
Boo. Space Mountain's closed 
Boo... Sleeping in means waking up at 7 and laying in bed until 8 
I feel so jipped after watching idol Wednesday.  Boo!! Kris 
@lafinguy I know, but unfortunately not THE one.  It was a wedding gift 10 years ago and now out of stock.  Boo. Thx 4 checking tho!
Might not have internet for awhile.  Boo 
Boo, CT! I wanna go baaack. 
@WickedJess //text// So, you know my cat, Boo? He's having some issues...gnawing off his fur and twitching really bad. Vet trip soon. 
Geoff posted a boo: Coming Home From Tenerife Boo  http://boo.fm/b25651
Geoff posted a boo: Coming Home From Tenerife Boo  http://boo.fm/b25651
I miss my Jeep  Now I have to bum a ride to the dreaded, horrid Walmart. Boo.
@LCPromotions  I doubt it! Boo! You always leave me behind on your awesome roadtrips!  
Ah! Haha Omg  we have no more fudge grahmcracker cookies! Boo 
At Spring Awakening...cannot wait for it to start. Last time I'm here ever! Boo, sad times 
- Gig was awesome! Am exahausted and so dont want to revise  Boo Hoo!
@MissBethAnn   I'm a Metsies fan also! Boo Hoo
@BBC_Fangirl Won't let me watch since i'm in the states.  Boo.
Listening to Aeris' theme in my car. Gotta go back to work soon. Boo 
@jeremya  SRSLY...haven't even Gotten* to writing yet...sheesh.  Boo...Hiss.
I'm still so happy my @Lakers won. I knew they would win. Boo hoo Nuggets 
I suck! I totally spaced and didn't get my bf ice cream when I went to DQ  Boo. I fail today.
@WCGalore finally back on here- theyve blocked this at my work now  Boo. ya id love to go to Disneyland for the first time 
Damn It i missed jay lenos last late night show!  C.Boo
Fun night. Loved catching up with everyone. Boo work tomorrow 
supposed to be playing Frisbee right now. Boo you rain. 
@Mum_of_Six  Lol, im only 2 streets away from my beach but have so much uni work to do i wont be able to enjoy!! Boo 
This will be the last time that i'll update twitter &amp; facebook using my sun phone. Ndi nku sugtan. Boo  ...Frnds, txt me. I'm lonely.
Watching Monsters Inc &amp; trying to fight the urge to reach out &amp; hug Boo. Mmm i want chocolates &amp; i miss my boyfriend. One more week 
@Mrs_Entwistle Boo to that  I'm watching Worst Witch DVDs haha. I don't care how tragic it is, they rock!!
Woke up to hives and the worst stomach pains ever. Not again. Boo. And I started off the weekend with a nice compliment, too. 
Boo! Heading to the airport. 
Chelsea go 2-1 up.... Boo  Game over I think
@leannenufc Oh no, it's not is it? Boo Wicked!  *hugs*
Boo, the GIlt Tokidoki sale is a disappointment. Only 4 bags and none are really that great 
lost for the first time ever in Mario Party 8. I really hate that Boo stage..  And playing It just makes me sadder that I dont have Kart.
Gah, feel sick and my nose is all stuffed up and my throat is still sore and I've taken 2 dif kinds of Strepsils. Boo. Needs fluff 
Boo, FriendFeed is down!!!  Off to play Spymaster and FlikcChart then. ;-)
going to bed, in work at 6.30am Boo  Night all
I am soooo bored right now. Nothing on tv and I need to eat since I haven't done that yet today. Boo me. 
Kassie votes, it's time to leave now. Boo, want to sleeeeeep. It's still more than an hour to drive home. 
@SusanLorelei Boo-Hoo is right 
Want to go to the baseball game again tomorrow, but I think I have too much studying to do   Boo on school.
Oh Boo... It's repeated from when JT was there!  I already saw it!!!
@HeatherEssian yay for a nice cabin. Boo for sunburn.  happy to hear u r with your sweetie relaxing this weekend! Xo
I seriously need to get a new ipod.  I don't like how all my songs DON'T fit on my cheesy 4GB ipod! Boo diggity! sucks!
Ewwww...the outdoor kitty just came to the back door happy as a clam with a mouse in his mouth.  Boo.  
@mileycyrus I tried voting 4 ya but the site willonlylet ya vote for best movie, That sucks so how r we gonna vote 4 u? Boo Hoo  reply plz
Boo to Blizzcon being sold out!! 
@Lopsi  Boo  I don't think so.. Mum is leaving soon too. Just me and her for lunch :|
Disappointed by the performance of C&amp;C:RA3 on my macbook pro. Dropped frames all over the place. Boo 
waiting at the gate at Magic Kingdom, again at front of line! Sam has a fever.   Boo.  http://bit.ly/hvWj8
Awake but can't drag my butt out of bed! I'm so tired from the wedding and yes I'm still crying because my beloved camera broke! Boo hoo! 
Ugh... third cup of coffee and still not quite awake... Oh well, I got 13 more hours to wake up b4 my shift ends  Boo hoo, lol
@Sword5 Boo, we're sick together. I'm wishing for death too. 
Boo on the Internet. 
@reneeniz madd effin beat! &amp;yes@the Y. Ive been@work since 830 nd im here till 6.. Boo boo isnt that good 
Woke up next to a special someone...  but he's leaving today.. Boo
O CRAP!  can't make my first event...... Boo...... :/
Local Barnes &amp; Nobles only has one of my books. Boo 
I overslept this morning (EXTREMELY rare for me, like it NEVER happens) &amp; missed the Transformers convention in Pasadena w/Ben. Boo!  
Back to work tomorrow. Boo. Hiss. 
Machine at work still broken. Boo! It's going to be a &quot;fun&quot; night.  
I don't want to go back to work  Boo Hoo.....
Boo! I just tried to upload a new profile pic and saw that @twitter has identified a bug with uploading pics.  http://bit.ly/PD3mk
Matthew STILL won't let me go to bed... he says it's too early....  Boo on him....I'm tired!
Spending quality time with Boo before he goes to AZ 
Boo. Twilight. 
@Eminemdrdre00 Katy Perry isn't there?? Boo. 
Back to work today. Boo Hoo 
@kherrylobrien Boo. I'll be on the blue side. Gotta keep it with the Magic since my team aint make it this year. 
Having a day off due to Jesus (or was it the holy spirit) something like that, hurrah for national holidays. Spending it all cleaning  Boo
is at the gym... Wishing she was still in bed cause im still half sick... Boo 
Not excited about classes starting today. Boo on Con Law! 
@CaesarsDuck For how long? I'm going to Armin on fri and a rave on sat.. Boo! I wanted you to come to my going away party on the 13th 
Woo I still have a job! Boo - it's still the same one. 
@ChristySchaffer Boo!  At least let you get some coffee first.  
@lynnedy Boo! It was only a 30second snippet as well 
Boo. Mad Men s3 doesn't start until August 
Yea Tony hawk! Boo my camera hating bright red light. 
@Sally_K I wish I could!! I am gng to my hometown in Tennessee for over a week and will be there!  Boo! Definitely will be at the next 1!
Boo, Tumblr is doing maintenance 
Shopped for Girls State (all my clothes are apperently too inappropriate. Oh well. Who says no to shopping??) Now studying at B&amp;N. Boo 
@wowiee I'll join you only if you run away to my house.  Thumbs Up! Boo on K, tho 
I felt amazing after the session with the trainer today! Only to find out that my bff is having MAJOR relationship problems. Boo 
Bored with being stuck on her back.  Boo!  
no dinner with Marley tonight! Boo!! We had to postpone until later this week 
makin dinner and missin the Boo already... she's gone to France for 6 weeks.  
Boo. I can't watch #Chuck this morning because the vid's only available in the States.  (and I have work) #ChuckMeMondays
Boo we lost to Clemson 
Was playing 1 vs 100 until the network kicked me off. Boo.and I was kicking ass. 
@rachiikamii Boo  You mean, like, graphics editing?
Oh shoot- it's &quot;In it to Win it.&quot; Boo 
Just went on a work-related bike ride through Englischer Garten with her colleagues and is now settling in for a long day of work. Boo! 
Yipee my stylus was on my desk at work  Boo i'm back in work 
@thecoveted Boo!  Their name seemed so familiar... I wonder if there's a host review resource page...
No revision done today! I'm so dead! Full day lessons tomorrow! Boo!  (pssst I'm kind of addicted to twittering!!)
@gsilvius Aww 80 hrs is so long from now! Boo  When you break it down to hrs it seems so long, lol
@tobyhenson:  Boo on Target?
Boo  Training on hold due to ankle injury.  So upset too, my endurance is thru the roof right now.
Boo Windows Update making me wait to install Sims 3 
@mike_nelson I'm watching you guys Live on MANHOP, but it won't let me sign in to chat with the show!!  Boo!
It's a bloody F*@#!$^ crime to have to be at work in such cold weather. Boo hoo. Wanna go home. 
We made it back to the grandparents' place in time for Origin kick-off. Boo, no Stegosaurus this year 
*sniffle* O'Halloran is dead. I liked him. And he was on the show for so long and now... he's gone. It's like when Cabot/Novak left  Boo.
@swinhoe Boo - Twirl is blocked from work - rubbish  Have u got an sea lions for me today?
2:30am Jason decides to stop editing in Photoshop but does save his work. Yes, it's all gone! Boo Hoo! 
@danieldececco Boo! I can't believe that's happening and i'm missing it on account of SCHOOL 
30 min early to elem awards ceremony = 29 min too early. False advertisement = Boo 
@GingerLaRouge Boo for evil companies and evil jobs  Oh and my lack of knowledge *blush*!!!
I love Trader Joe's but their Spinach dip was not so good  Boo!
@franceehaydel she was a total no show  Boo!!!! I was gonna recruit her for the next cert too!!! She could fill her cart with TURBO gear!
@EddieMcBride Boo!!!!  There's mean  .   I feel very chipper actually, so there!
Tummy ache on a Friday?  Boo-hiss 
I absolutely HATE the jitters I get sometimes when I board a flight! Boo 
Yay for exit row seat on @southwest flight to San antonio.  Boo for realizing after I sit down that large man next to me has bad BO 
My brother is graduating from H.S. today!! Yay!! ... This means I'm getting old.  Boo! 
is not singing Vamos a la Playa. Boo hoo. Was going to ride my bike there and get in shape. Guess I'll just stay a fat bastard instead!!! 
Wooo, no more lectures! Boo, exams 
Boo! Playing Halo I missed a good tweet convo  @Trillian711 Are you still take initations for your gang???
@nenamuro Aaaaw haha yes dude! That shit was awesome! But no.. no party.  Boo. So just eats a lot of random shit at work haha
@gomatty I had no idea they broke up  Boo. They had a nice unique sound. 
Boys came thru..guess the partys over. Haha. WITH a gahdamn bottle on the way! Boo 
I think I'm going to go to sleep, alone. Again. Boo 
Boo, kitchen CD player packed up 
Hey Meagan, Good morning...wish I was there w/my Boo LilAnt in Chino. 
Boo. I am sooo sick. Head cold. 
Boo! There is nothing to tweet about  So lame.
@cousto Well I just had to muster this morning. But I have watch tomorrow night 16-24  Boo!
@pantaloon WOAH so weird!! I was there barely 2 hours ago! Ogikubou, right? Sadly the falafel burgers are distinctly UNfalafel-ish. Boo 
Boo! The rents are off to see all the family in Ireland  wish I was goingg!
@drnik46 true--but this is 2nd major car repair in 3 weeks! Plus huge vet bill on thurs  It's just a lot all @ once. Boo. Oh woe is me! ;)
instead of being on a yacht, enjoying a beautiful Cali day with fun peeps... I'm stuck playing Cinderella &amp; cleaning bar rut... Boo!  
Turning my phone off, going for a drive. Another day, another hospital visit. Boo 
@ChloeCuntbook  Boo!!  Nooooo!  Now I am sad!  I wanted to touch your butt  
Sick of being sick.  Boo for not being able to go to Napa 
Boo to dead Doris 
Yay #DMB concert!  Boo traffic making us miss special Bud Light pre-game 
coffee + lack of sleep + BAD!!! I feel like crap :S Coffee is suppost to help! Boo... 
@Ashymon  Boo. Maybe if we asked him REALLY nicely?! ;D
Stayin' home, I guess. Nobody to karaoke with. Boo. 
@star_violet Nope  But they will be monday! Boo Maine POBoxes!
Chillin at Mel's.. Bourbon tonight for Ash's birthday... I think I might have the death cold... Boo 
K so Stanley Cup officially sucks for the day. Boo Detroit 
Damn xtra innings. I have to leave with small kids whle everyone else stays. Boo 
I just noticed how shitty the cutting is in The Nanny. It's so obvious when a joke or scene has been cut out.  Boo.
is exhausted! Bedtime now; 5:30am wakeup for work. Boo. 
I feel bad. I forgot Zac's birthday!  Boo me.
Srsly y does tixmstr have 2 start the no tix system with Miley really  I guess I won't be going 2 the concerts . Boo no cheap seats 
YES! No school this week! ... Boo  because we might be quarantined for the H1N1 Virus 
I really really want to get this Pokemon essay over and done with! So sick and tired of it already! Boo! 
@leannenufc Boo tennis. Is the scary man winning?  I just waffled on @ u about WW in reply to your DW comment, might that make you smile?
@LornaRamsey Another one just rang in, but she requested Muse  Boo to historians' taste in music this time!
Executing Stored Procedures in MySQL++ without parameters seems to piss it off.  Boo 
Wow a lot of stores in ktown are closed today. Boo must kill time...oh &amp; i got a txt saying my txt to p's landline went through  FO SHAME!
Stop with the descriptions of tempting food please! I have macaroni cheese and a bit of brie and you lot have cakes, ice cream etc. Boo 
Not a good baseball day  #Brewers and #RedSox lost today. Boo!
@In_Excess Kerbed...  Have they no sense of humour  Boo Hoo 
Slept in way to late.... And now I have to clean today... Boo 
Summer school starts tomorrow. Boo! 
Boo hoo.. Kate didnt win the apprentice 
@KeiranLee Haha! 02:20am Warning: One handed handstand photography is impossible and will break your phone! Boo! 
@Yosh25 Yay let's!!! And I totally turned my TV off  Boo on missing NPH's finale!
Crap. I think I'm getting cramps. Boo. 
@Fawaz_ my tooth hurts again  I keep going thru hurt then no hurt. Boo hoo hoo! I need listerine. &gt;
Baby is enjoying himself in Krabi while I'm stuck at home with nothing to do. Boo... 
@marenis Boo u bestah be there I needs a Girl momment. 
Boarding flight back to Dublin... Boo! 
I don't even feel like I slept, but yet I did!  I'm still so exhausted!  Boo.    #BSB
@PrincessSarahXx - Stop chelping you!! It has just starting drizzling in Leeds after being gorgeous this morning - Boo Hoo 
Money...Hooray!!! ... Captivity... Boo!!!! 
Goodbye summer vacation  school starts tomorrow. Boo.
@kvetchingeditor I have one of Claire's cookbooks and the food is just fantastic. Boo for you 
Boo. Ants all over my donuts. 
says I finished S1 of DA. And I almost cried a little bit when Ben died!!  I just watched &quot;Boo&quot; from S2. Um.... http://plurk.com/p/116h8p
@kaycfaceee that's right. Boo! But I've heard its either terrifying or dumb. I'm going to go with dumb? Nothing's ever terrifying anymore 
Just been  watching a countdown of &quot;top 50 boys that make you go Mmm!!&quot; Kian was at number 40, Nicky at 18..and then i fell asleep. Boo 
@lisababy182  Ahhhh ! Work ! Boo  good day ?
Bed time now. Oh my mouth is so sore and I've lost the Bonjela  Boo!
Why is Boo Berry cereal only available in October? 
I just yelled at the tv! Woo cappie and casey in a closet! Boo him not going along with it 
Woo, school shit taken care of! Boo, down 700 dollars.  Oh well, at least I feel accomplished.
I don't think I'll get to see Jake tonight. Boo. 
@Shanti509 Boo for bumps on the forehead.  
Stuck on train. Boo 
@tiff0729 Thanks Boo,I'm am glad it's done! @vamoe shoulda started early...It paid off...LOL Even thoo I neva had a babysitter 
Going in to work instead of snuggling with Jon.   Boo.
@aycaat sadly no myself, I too am still looking. Boo  Shout out to all old school game developers . . .
Boo. I do not want to leave Florida or my fam.  14 hour trip here we come.
Happy birthday to my sweet girl!  Boo to migraine  owieful
Awww, Mike and I were supposed to go to Kennywood tommorrow...but the weather is looking shitty. Boo...I've been looking so forward 2 it! 
@Bass_ WHAT! remove Boo - how very dare you! bleeding hell Bass talk about out of sight out of mind. Boo is distraught 
@iLuPJA Arg I know!  lol it hasn't been off air as long as it feels either! Boo hehe xxx
Dial 623-580-6100 for PetSmart, and press 7 to hear their message in &quot;dog&quot; ... but the function is BROKE!  Boo. 
@Kaela_Boo aye wish I could  crappy work! Booooo
Got so excited when the FedEx truck stopped right in front of my house.  Sadly, it wasn't for me.    Boo~
@BuddhaLiscious Nope not until around 3am EST tonight! Boo 
@RomanWhite Boo Hiss. 
@shalovesmoney U Not My Lil Boo Nomore 
I'm driving to the other side of the world. Boo Waianae. 
@sandymmarcon Oh sad!  I thought it was going to play tonight!   Boo.
 my iPhone has NO SIGNAL in the theater. Boo #ignitephx
@TrakFiends man I dunno where its at  no one wants to party! Boo! Thx for the luv tho. U tryin to double ur friends?
Once again Twitter is being a fickle bitch and is not sending tweets to my phone today...Boo/Hiss.  #TwitterFail
Once again Twitter is being a fickle bitch and is not sending tweets to my phone today...Boo/Hiss.  #TwitterFail http://tinyurl.com/lb889h
@she_shines92 Yep! I can't celebrate til Tysene leaves though  Boo lol
Looking for Chad Franscoviak's contact info. Had it, lost it.  Boo.
Milia...on my chin...under my skin...Yuck! 4 of em. Man, is it UGLY. Boo. 
i have been laying down ALL day just about Boo... @TruStarr &amp;on my side.  me no comfy on me side. but i can't lay no other way til i sleep
@kechiwinz the closest they are coming is in Monterey and some random rivercats game in sac, but nothing after that  Boo!
@sanspants Haha - well a 100 turned out to be Facebook notifications so sure, there was bacon in there. Rest was work tho. Boo. 
Okay, need some energy to take the car to the car shop. Boo.. And by energy I mean spending my hard earned money to get it fixed. 
Internet down. Boo 
Boo, my mom didn't have time to buy white coffee from Singapore. 
@SirMikeyB LOL same. Boo hiss. I can't help thinking WB and Apple may be related, both have a tendency to delay things. Me = 
Morning. Woke up feeling poorly today  First time in  ages. Boo.
is sleepy. Boo~ So many homework. 
Ugh....I really need to go take a shower now but I'm going to miss the rest of @ThisIsRobThomas interview. Boo!  Stupid work...
@Sto_theP Nik's doing Market Days and not pride this year. Boo. There was a conflict with some other event she wanted to do 
@lauraeclipse Sweet! I dont live close enough to a metro area that would show it. Chicago would be closest and it's about 3 hrs away. Boo 
Watched 'Red Cliff' yesterday, GREAT movie. So well directed,if your an Artsy person, its def for you. I think im getting a cold  Boo!
@edenriley Hooray for Dave's realization (and commitment to staying alive) Boo for poor Rocco feeling so poorly.  
@amyhara Way to ruin it for you!  Boo.  
Think I may be fighting a migrane. Boo   (winning the #squarespace contest would make me feel better)
Yey for teaching today!  Boo for the fact that it's Microsoft Word. 
...... Alonso kicks it hard but it is saved  Boo!
Air conditioner is broke  Boo
1pm EST and no iPhone 3.0 yet.  Boo 
No lakers parade for me. Boo hoo and I work only blocks away. Someone tell me how it goes 
Doing laundry is so boring! I should be laying out! It was a gorgeous morning! Chance of rain this afternoon though  Boo!
@gabboucla I HOPE so!!!  I'm sad his back his hurt though.  He may not feel well.  Boo. 
Boo hiss, no internet still. TalkTalk suck balls. Wish I was at #qypeparty 
It is thunderstorming. I want to stay home and play Ghostbusters on Wii, but I have to go to class  Boo.
Wait! #SYTYCD doesn't come on until 8pm?! I thought it was 7pm. Boo! Now I have to wait a whole hour. I was so excited 
Still at the dentist. Looks like no BJJ class for me tonight. Boo! 
Iphone  i wont let me download it Boo   
Rain, rain go away!!! We just had a HORRIBLE thunderstorm! We even had hail! I hope it doesn't rain at Alive fest! Boo rain! 
is not eligible for an iPhone 3G S upgrade until December  Boo hoo... maybe there will be a slight upgrade by then? *cry*
Remember way back in the day when AOL was so sloooow because everyone was using it at once? RCN cable broadband is like that now. Boo! 
As we took off out of Logan my heart broke all over again to have to leave that city. I didn't even do anything but use a bathroom. Boo. 
can't wait for school. can't believe though its my 2nd last day at PA  Boo...
Well, I'm a little disappointed in #familyguy tonight. The Old episodes are just not that great!! Boo hoo 
@PeteyBennett Ooh, I want biscuits. I only have Snack-a-Jacks  Boo.
I see and hear people at night when I'm asleep. Confident that no one is there. Always good for a scare though. Sooooo tired lately. Boo. 
Dreary day in the city...bundle up, my little @paige1988 and @cassielynnmay. Wish I could join the workforce with you. Boo 
Afraid I am catching a cold. Boo   only 2 days and I get a small break.
has nets again.  Hurray nets.  Boo strained wrists.  Major flyer to finish up and I can only work an hour at a time on it.  
Gettin ready for work.... Boo  &lt;MaNOnDaMooN&gt;
@already_used Nice. ;) I still want a twitter program for my smart phone tho. Boo 
Boo. When your face is swollen, its very hard to show expressions 
@PRCog You are killing me with this. I so wish I was going to #masquertweet. Boo. 
I will officially become a senior in 24 hours. But I feel like it's still my first day of freshman year. High school went by so fast. Boo 
@sharonhowell No, @jkositz has not! Boo. Don't think she saw the tweet. That or she ignored it! 
@ThisIsSammy Augh, I have plenty of time... Not much cash. And still so much of England I want to see! Boo 
My DSL is srsly acting up today, and I haven't a clue as to why. I have to keep disconnecting and reconnecting.  Boo on that shizzz.
@wordwarthree I'm at southwest, leaves at 11.. Different terminals.. Boo 
Fair today is a no go... Boo 
Boo. I got a yen to watch Space 1999. I thought Hulu would have it.  nopers
Researching TMJ problems. Boo on my jaw for causing problems...not many blow jobs for me in the future I think 
Guess who gets to work this saturday? Thats rite... THIS GUY!...  Who gets to miss out on the pride parade in Cleveland sat? This guy. Boo
@truebloodnet TMZ caught Alex on the street and he said something kinda douchey!  Boo 
Boo. Power went out  right in the middle of the movie.
Bored! Everyone has a tv in the house except me   guess I'll do dishes or something. Boo!
Made a Boo Boo this morning...smashed up a big bottle of Vit Cs 
Boo, not gonna have a couch. Justin's girlfriend's taking this one to her apartment. Guess I'll have to pony up. 
Kid free for a week- Yea!  Still mourning the death of my doggie this week. Boo.  
Helping my kids pack for their trip tomorrow.  They're going to California for five weeks!! Boo-hoo I miss them already!  
Ugh I need my bed... Got work in the morning. Boo 
Woke up &amp; realized I fell asleep with my lovely face mask cream on... I'm having trouble taking it off now.  Boo hoo 
@aianna21 We'd better! Boo to work tomorrow, I'll miss Spain 
Boo. Insomnia wins again. 
Now not going out today  Boo !  Stuck at home for the next few days it seems
Missin the mainland in general  I'm gonna sleep and dream I'm still there. Tomorows another day of work. Boo
Boo schmoo, last day of work and everyone is so busy we can't have a nice lunch together  Pret at the desk then ey?
Woo day off!! Boo have to study 
who hoo cash infusion!!!! Yea living expense checks. Boo bills. No fun money 
@Lizler1 hey Liz!  YAY for sunny fridays!  Boo for having to work on them  
@underoak did you upgrade your #iphone yet?!  It's pretty sweet, a little anticlimactic since we still cant mms.    Boo AT&amp;T!
@DeanJamesSmith Boo to that  Afraid I'm already out tomorrow.  Ah well - it was a nice attempt.
@pixie_82 Oh no i forgot about the color of the month and its all gone!!! Boo 
@blams Our DQ closed recently.  Boo!
Dog trainer is gone! Yay! But now I'm starrrrving! Boo 
Boo.  I have to spend the night with Lara 
Boo, the Golden Gun is sick &amp; not coming out to play tonight  oh well, c'est la vie!
Boo I wanted this Onix, but I made him faint 
spending the day in #Portland, and its RAINING! Boo  Any good #restaurant suggestions? With great #wine selection?
I'm going to miss our SFO lobby ambassador.  Boo.
#FF My Twitta Boo @BlacknightBK Even though he thinks all I Tweet about is A-A-A-A-A-A-ALCOHOL   Y'all know I'm crazy random
I watched Mental and still cannot get tired of watching his forhead zip up. Don't forget the lyric is now on. Boo! 
Stranded at Southern Lanes. Boo busted hose. 
Almost to the end of Elizabeth &amp; the electricity goes out  I guess ill google it tmrw. Boo.
#dontyouhate thinkin' about the days when you WERE Boo'd up 
Boo. Has to go to work at twelve tomorrow. And doesnt get off til seven. 
Boy is sick. Boo   trying to get my brain to shut the hell up.
@bethie138 A no go? Boo! that's a NO-good!!! 
@skinnylatte Boo! This is no good 
No Jubillee Line this weekend. Boo. 
Okay. I think it's official that my comp is broken  Right in the middle of working on it. Boo.
@msmaisha Cutty Boo..I just got home was kicking it wit ma family..Yeah he left man am gona miss him!!!! 
Jus got bac 2 ny. Bout to take a lil nap and then gotta go to work. Boo 
Work.  Boo. &lt;Britt=Jesus&gt;
Wasting time blocking all of my SPAM followers... And there goes most of my followers... Boo 
@manchlibrary Boo! Summer hours! 
I'm going to miss my computer  All I've got is my phone. Boo Hoo.
Woke up with a sore throat. Boo 
Curled up on the couch watching tv. Boo being sick 
Up EaRLy ProBaBLy GoT BouT 3 HoUrs Of sLeeP ToPs....MissInG Da Boo aLreaDy 
@Demara 45 minutes to an hour max. Depending on when it was last found &amp; whether we think we've exhausted all possibilities. Boo dnf's!! 
Ughhhhh...I can't believe I'm watching &quot;Annie&quot; I'm such a retard......lol...what are these clouds?it was just sunny yesterday!! Boo... 
I SO wish I was in Dallas to see @Jonasbrothers @TheRealJordn and @Honorsociety! Boo Hoo...yeah that's me crying 
@sunshinebliss A skit about Archie and his dad? Is that old? I bet it wasn't funny! Boo on Kimmel for that 
Lost the first game. Boo 
@EmilWilbekin It's the same out here in Philly too. Rain everywhere  Boo...
Holy EFF- working until 8p is gonna be the death of me  I'm too spoiled for this. Boo.
Going to a wedding in the burbs... Stuck in traffic. Boo 
@mododson Boo on not coming this weekend  but for sure coming your birthday weekend. Get Excitedd!! love you miss you mean it bye! haha.
Did Boo get in trouble??? I hope not 
Chillin bouta play $oul Calibe n talk to my Boo  (yankee$ lo$t 
Diego? Boo-urns  Come on, Clay stood up after that leg kick. That deserves the win! And he looks like he could go another 5 #TUF
Its my birthday .. Woo hoo.. Car broke down .. Boo hoo 
Boo! Sugar dropped. I almost fell and now I feel like my body is leaving me. That sux.  it happened after I ate cereal too.
Boo ate my Carmex in half... and my lips burn already 
Mmmm mint brownie ice cream. Boo tummy ache afterwards 
@realdetective Boo, I don't have an Icee bb  BRB...
I wish I was at Silverstone! It's not the same on TV! Boo Hoo!  #F1 #maxout #brawngp
The Filter is back up at work. Boo-hoo-hoo. Sims 3 won't play. 
Getting ready for one boring day at work...UGHH! Missing my Boo while she is Chicago. 
(Gone to work now  Boo)
Boo at the new version of Songbird; the last.fm plugin now only plays 3 songs from your my library station before stopping automatically. 
Braces. Ow. Boo. 
@lockets24 Money, money, money ... Boo  The date is perfect though ...
Wishing we had more time to explore Seattle, a series of misteps this morning has signifigantly reduced our sightseeing time. Boo!!! 
@SongzYuuup WGCI is wack for this &quot;We are not able to allow access to the content you are requesting from outside the United States&quot; Boo 
is so hungry. Might not have time for food. Boo! 
My dear sweet cat, Booger (My Fat Boo), is dying. 
I wanna see ROTF so badly. But Adam can't leave the house for another 2 weeks. Boo. 
Service dog is gone too. Boo. 
Ive got a cold.  Feeling lousy. Boo.
*sigh* Due to early nature of interview with Relentless tomorrow it's costing me extra moolah. Boo 
Wish I was at the Echoplex with My Boo Bear! 
Glad I e-mailed my derby bio last night cause today my laptop is crashed!  Boo.
Jon &amp; Kate Plus 8 has succeeded in making me a very depressed person once again. What happened to all the happiness?  Boo, J&amp;K. Boo.
@Gianella95 iim telling you,  i can't watch itt, Boo hoo.
@ work waitin 4 my lunch break!!!! Wanna tlk 2 my Boo, but can't right nw  May Later!!! Bt if u happen 2 b on and c this I LUV U!! Mwaah!!
Um AC in full effect! I might not wanna pack up my winter clothes  and yet their heat here is lacking in winter? Boo!
Cara taking me home. Not feeling any better...feeling worse. WTH! Some sicky sickington must've passed their germs to me.  Boo!
@Wombat5277 Boo, only valid for US people  Pretty sure I was the first!
Boo, AT&amp;T finally charged me for my phone, thought I was gonna get lucky... But no.... 
OUCH!! Burnt my knuckle on the frikkin oven!! Boo hoo, sob sob 
@cristoronaldo ya, he did, thanks for passing the message. Boo youre on the beach  wish I could be, Laters G x
I'm dizzy today @@ Also I already miss my friends. Boo hoo   In happier stuffs... SUPESHARU GENEREISHON LOVE http://bit.ly/2dDc7
Boo, I can't watch instantly from Netflix because I'm not the main account holder. It was going to be my white-collar crime of the week. 
Eh...No fwiends on twitter. No followers but Savannah Morning News. And here I thought I wuld b able to message Miley Aly and Aj. Boo 
No midnight showing of Public Enemies for Fargo. Boo. 
@Rileah Boo  Maybe try calling or e-mailing Blizzard tech sppt, see if they can fix from their end...
Hooray, the suns out here, Boo, I have to go to work 
Boo, Comedy Central doubled the number of ads in the streams on TheDailyShow.com 
Boo can't make #mashedlib09 (( alternate automated metadata/VRE meetings take priority 
@DeanJamesSmith And I was hoping for a video of some shark throwing action  Boo! (Although internet nerdrage is always funny)
@Micrathene RE twitterfox - me too. Boo 
@kittylair lol! Awesome! I won't be there until tomorrow at the earliest. Saturday at the latest.  Boo working!
@ShellDillon Boo people indeed! Glad to hear it was good and good to hear you weren't put off by lack of others dancing 
@Michy_Boo So far so good 
Last day of my holiday!  Boo! Hiss!  I'm not doing any work today, I'm gonna have a nice chill-ax 
@justads  ps: I'm sure Boo will enjoy Atticus's company when he arrives 
girl talk with Tiff a Boo! 
Boo Easter is over and homework is not finished, but much revision was 
3 days until I get out of Ohio.  Boo-yah.
@amj487 Ohh Boo-Hoo!  LOL  If you wouldn't be so damn stubborn in the first place!   Luv ya Leesh!
When Tagging Boo's - use a simple audiobooth - rather than # - although we'll take feedback on your preference 
Okay everyone c: i'm gonna try to get some sleep so can get to school early. Boo  night every one. @TehStalker skills XD poor thumb.
Boo...I'm sick...I guess I'll just have to drink myself healthy this weekend at Sungod 
@Chevy_Boo  yay
@neilbarraclough Oh how tragic to have loads of fans and be two leagues above us! Boo hoooo! 
@Kaela_Boo Hi friend, now I have someone I actually know lol, see you around  x
Yay! 4 O-town.. Boo! that I'm not in NY 4 drizzys show.. Dale! 4 Pitbull snuffing a dude mid-verse not breaking a sweat...Buenas noches 
