Most common words for this cluster:
[('boo', 461), ('work', 34), ('day', 26), ('today', 25), ('time', 24), ('yay', 18), ('home', 18), ('tomorrow', 17), ('hours', 11), ('morning', 11), ('night', 10), ('lol', 10)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Boo', 0.9999389052391052), (u'fucking_hoo', 0.6237999200820923), (u'PAYNE_Carlton', 0.5724605917930603), (u'Cheng_Hau', 0.5624029040336609), (u'Tan_Teng', 0.5551717877388), (u'Boo_Hoo_Hoo', 0.5474750995635986), (u'Scout_Atticus', 0.5447006225585938), (u'Poo', 0.5204157829284668), (u'Doo_Doo', 0.5083102583885193), (u'Yogi_Bear_sidekick_Boo', 0.5053748488426208)]





Boo another day at work  but only 3 to go then 3 days off ; )
Wow, its way too early to be awake.  Lots to do though, and software post at 8:30 so I actually have to be to work on time. Boo...
says Busted songs make me wanna pick up the guitar again. Boo to broken strings.  http://plurk.com/p/n15j4
@khali_blache no riches?  Boo. I shall be posting the speshul item to you tomorrow...
@wickedtrue Boo no work.   in unrelated news can you get your highly-paid roommate to contact me?  I sent an email last week, no response.
Oh,  It is starting to get gray out there.    Boo!!!
Just got a ticket in the mail. Boo 
I am at traffic school. Boo  oh well only last till 1:00
just working the beautiful weekend away  Boo. But i have a birthday next week!!
Sitting up listening to music till 4am cause you're upset isn't wise. Boo to only 6 hours sleep 
@Firesuite but it keeps losing my drawings when trying to save them.  Boo hiss!
Boo, all my pringles are gone  What to eat now?
says Boo hindi tuloy gig ng projectfusion sa 22. sayang  http://plurk.com/p/p6b0u
Morning everyone. So gloomy out. Boo 
At work... Boo! 
I wanna have sme1 2 cuddle in bed w/ I'm tired of sleepin alone!!!  Boo hoo       any takers? Lol
Boo school  i wanna go shopping instead lol
@1mgoldstars Sunshine felt so good this morning! Now stuck in office building. Boo 
My mom backed out on our plans... Boo! 
really doesn't want to work in the morning  Boo!
@BrainTwitch Boo, I have a project due for a meeting at 10:00 tomorow that I've been working on all night 
@writingvixen definitely! I'm too excited to go to sleep now.  But i have to wake up early again! Boo.
wishes she could spend time with her friends.  Boo opening
@DylanJobe yay new game! Boo mosaic screen 
blatantly has no bluetooth or infrared on her laptop... Boo 
Up at a ridiculous hour for the third straight day, except this time, rather than just sitting around, I have to work for 9 hours. Boo! 
@couturecori1  Boo on tummy aches!
Boo. I finally get a free moment to log into #freerealms and make my character and it's bouncing Apseth as a name. 
@crummy there was one yesterday!?! Boo  I didn't even know
@avgjoe1017 That would be everyone but me.  Boo! I won't have anyone to drink Smithwicks with.
They're back together. :| Boo me 
@JazNicole yes. Boo. But I can't forward.  u know effin loved.
Sundays are nice and depressing all at the same time because work comes tomorrow. Boo. 
@Ciindy_  Boo 
Boo gta iv dosn't work on my computer 
Its all about the Motrin. I need to go sleep/nap. Where are you Boo Boo 
Boo last meeting made me so sad  I'm going to miss those girls...
Boo... no cloth drops for me tonight  #wow
Why did this shit go black &amp; white?  Boo.
On my way to school. Boo 
@greydove Boo at people.  I hope you're feeling better today?
Loads of uni work to do in such a little amount of time  Boo! I need to do something fun to take my mind of it!!! prob not for the best!
At work. Boo 
Boo the weather man changed the plan! Not much sunshine today with a high of 74 and he says the bad weather will return tomorrow 
Boo, just tried searching for a few times and the search was polluted with spam 
Today my car was smoooooooooking!!!! Boo  time to sell it or fix it : /
Working 4 am to 8 am. The whole plan of sleeping a lot beforehand wasnt exactly carried out successfully. Boo 
I have done 50% of my work but the rest are essays  Boo 5th year
It's so nice out! But no one wants to do anything cos they're all hungover! Boo! 
Enjoying a mothers day filled with...laundry. Boo 
My internet won't connect. I had problems with it last night too. Boo! 
Boo need to fix!   #fixreplies
I'm off sick again and I feel worse today than yesterday.  Boo. 
So many pics to upload! Boo to working full time 
@ChrisUnitt Boo! I can't access flickr from work.  I'll have to wait.
Last night I dreamt that Tchaives(Boo) came home. 
Yay for rodeo!!  Boo for 4 step process to buy beer 
Boo, the caterpillars are eating my garden 
Boo went to pick up my burial/moth &quot;12 and it's not in yet 
Boo so slow tonight  at this rate--&gt;&gt; I'm going to shoot myself  http://twitpic.com/5cnby
@azraeel Boo i got Chores and maybe some more painting in the kitchen 
So not looking forward to the next three days  Boo for work...
I feel like I have a ton suitcase balancing on my head, if i move it left or right it feels all icky. Boo. 
Boo! back to studying 
bout to go to sleep...missin the Boo &lt;3... 
bout to go to sleep...missin the Boo &lt;3 ... 
bout to go to sleep...missin the Boo 
Going to a meeting. With the most annoying client ever. Boo 
Boo...i didnt feel it 
@allblackent I wish I was with my Boo Boo  #jtv #allblackent
Boo hoo, rain wind and poor visibilty this morning (and that's just in the shower!) it's even worse outside 
@Boo2AGoose piercings. nopeeee,  i havent been anywhere to get them done  maybe i should wait till payday anyway
Boo! I keep losing followers ... am I that awful? 
Boo, hubby is out of town til tomm night on a business trip  miss him already
@UberMunchkin Boo, wanted to see more of the future. 
@CDNina I agree. He will be great no matter what! But still, such a shame. Should've won. Boo hoo 
Boo at lack of #spotify 
Boo, got to go to work and I'm worried about holiday traffic and psycho luton-van drivers trying to kill me and the dogs again. 
Boo cowtown 
I need more girlfriends in my life.  I miss being able to call someone a couple times a day to just to chit chat. Boo.
seems to be having an allergy attack.  Boo.   
so had a freakin lond thursday  ready to hit the hay and surprise surprise I can't freakin sleep :/ Boo!
Doing accounts revision. Boo 
is working. Boo 
@GlasgowGooner Boo  well its good fun tho.. sucks if u cant get cards.. I finished 10th in last nights #tpt I took @street out LOL
Yay playing a show tonight! Boo it's gonna soggy and I'm at work right before playing 
needs some snuggle time....  but has to get through the work day first.  Boo.  
Why are all the cool classes being offered this summer?  Boo.  
@xsaydax Boo, on both counts. 
@angelinexo this hiatus of yours is like... really long. Boo 
@fizzythoughts  Boo for being at work during #beatwittyparty but at least you're still here!
My Boo is teething so bad  crying and crying ....
Boo Nuggets are losing  Not sure why I care since I never watch basketball, but I gotta cheer for the home team, eh?
Witch hunt. Boo 
is having a hard time sleeping. Boo    too many noises out there keeping me up!
doesn't feel good. Boo! 
Four hours of work left. Then I need to study. Boo 
Boo... leaving today. Just as i was getting used to being one of the antiguan housewives...haha. I will miss mike 
Boo that I just dropped half my biscuit into my tea 
Boo, my bike won't be fixed until tuesday! 
I can't turn the fan on because it makes me cough even more  Boo hoo.
Boo flawless out  I hope diversity do it
Boo-Boo on thumb   http://twitpic.com/6aaw6
I leave in 15 minutesss... Boo 
Boo work  boo not feeling well.  boooooo 
@kyoungbloo6971 Boo, I want to come to your party. 
Off to the airport.  Probably won't get to see hughes until july. Boo! I'm tired of saying bye!
yay for diversity!!  Boo for having to go to work tomorrow, no doubt it will b super sunny, and everyone else will be enjoying it 
Boo to no internet due to the storm 
@a_lecklr I wanna be there! Boo! 
We got raped by 7th graders at science decathlon.  Boo.
Boo, cavs lost 
Boo i have this nasty smokers cough  i knew i shouldnt have been making out with jazz! Lol
wish i could be out. stuck studying @ home by myself. Boo for school! 
Yay for $10 in-store credit! Boo for uber tired feet 
wishes she was going to graduation.  Boo work.
@ohyouaremystar Aww, hun! Boo! 
Has discovered nine different bites on my body from yesterday. Boo. 
yay they made up!!! (: cbf working tomoz! Boo work cant wait for wednesday!wheres my boi 
Hates hayfever! it makes her feel ill  Boo
has a clogged nose. Boo hoo 
Where did the sunshine go?  Boo.
@BeaWise  Boo. *gives you a bottle of feel-better*
Off to volunteer..then work later on today. Boo...just when i actually wanna study, i have NO time 
That little niggle in my back is getting worse. Boo hoo 
The flight was full, so now we have to wait till 1 o'clock before the next one!!! Boo!! 
Boo!  I have no milk so I'm eating my cereal dry.  
@MCTooTall I was talking to a friend yesterday who said this is a particularly bad year for allergies, as well.  Boo, hiss.
Early night tonight, first day back after half term and I haven't got a day off till friday! Boo hoo 
Boo  i have a cold.
@xx_Boo_xx HaHaaaa; my profilee pic thing aint working  &amp; a random pic showed a few mins ago
@Chaoticshimmer Boo.  I demand the alement to go awaaaay.
is following the french open and can't believe nadal lost! Boo! 
Boo its monday    gotta work even though i'm too tired and wants to be back in bed sleeping!!!
Boo hoo i cant believe she actually moved away  now who am i supposed to do stupid shit with when im bored??
has strep throat....Boo!! 
I am sooooo hungover. This sucks.. And I feel like I smoked a pack of cigarettes when I didn't even have 1! Boo 
Boo tan lines. 
@CinnamonCloud I like home makeover shows  Boo I wanna watch!  lol!!!
 i have to wake up early 2morrow..Boo!!...first stop starbucks
@ScottRhodie Boo...   I feel your pain.
2am and i still can't sleep... Boo! 
@louiseisanelf Boo, I only get four. 
Not feeling so great.  not looking forward to work. Boo
I'm pissed. I woke up at 4 instead of 5. And didn't realize till now. Boo. 
Boo hiss I might have to go on antibiotics 
has a tummy ache.  Boo for work.
Annnnnnnnnnd back to work.  Boo.  
@SymphonicSsound Boo I wasnt able to make it yesterday, I was there last week though! I didnt see you 
Boo on @TheJackle for not participating in the company party today. All my other friends left the company. I feel so arone 
ENT, here we come... Boo... 
Heading to work. Boo... 
@llamahatstand  Boo at terrifying dreams! Also, just realised : dilemna. What am I wearing to your b/day outing?
I had gotten kind of used to having my husband at home during the day.  Now he has returned to his 14 hour days, and I am home alone. Boo.
Boo no reception in my new building 
Boo for mandatory pay-out-of-own-pocket work lunch 
Boo. I'm not in paris any more 
Boo  still no sign of my ring.  But I have finished the chart.  And got the rats covered in yoghurt...
Boo blood tests 
OK ladies...Boo has the clips up and I can't even watch them! 
Heeeeey I can't find no stinkin twidget  I searched the market.. anyone know of a diff name? Boo! I wanna widget! @rosco_pico
has the apartment to herself and nothing to do. Boo 
Oh man, its boiling in my room! how the hell am i gunna sleep?  Boo
Wishing things would start getting better for those i love... Boo for perpetually shitty months 
@NanceeBee I know, it's lame  At least I'll be home by the time it starts, but still. Boo.
@JoeiBoots OH baby..i wish be with you too Boo 
@committeedesign nope!  And I want a burrito, too! Boo.
@RyanLacksTact Boo. 
That was a wicked nap but crap now i'm going to be up all night. Boo! 
Coming down from the 5 day weekend. Boo!! 
Boo. I feel like I did nothing tonight!! I have to go to bed, too...  Maybe I'll draw some while i wait for my eyes to close...
Boo headache. 
Boo my realm in WoW is undergoing extended maintenance and will be down until noon tomorrow...err today w/e 
Accidentally brought the broken pair of headphones to work. Boo! 
@jz9 No, she bakes the best cookies!  Boo!
I was hopin diarrhea would help me lose weight... But i don't think its workin... Boo...  - http://tweet.sg
Boo i have to work friday morning 
Actually have 2 do math hmk tonight. Boo 
Boo.  i got chris' cold.  
Boo to being sick. Hoping its not mono 
Boo, full / sold out 
Boo getting sick. And need to drive my dad to work tomorrow at 5 
FINALLY!!!  the pens won game 3!! now its off to studing for something that i should have done all week.. and im writing a paper  Boo
Boo hoo hoo  i am sad
@hipsterwannabe Boo, sorry to hear that! 
@maseface I'm following you... because I was curious who had taken my nickname as their username. Boo. 
@Boo2AGoose lmfao ok ok, I'm sorry  i'll stop now
Boo the one time @fareastmovement is havin a show in bakersfield,18 is considered a minor. 
Boo internet is dead 
@Gravycheeks Yay con!!  Boo lines!! 
@aianna21 I want you to go home too  Boo to rehearsals. You shouldn't even be there with your knee being hurty!
@robshepherd Boo - all the babes are leaving!  
@someiyoshino I know  Now I can't afford to do anything or go anywhere for the rest of the month. Boo!
Boo...slept through spin...will have to make it up on sat. 
My goodness, it's getting harder to update with only 140 characters available...  Boo.  
Boo i dont want to go to work today i miss the days of sleeping til noon 
Boo jury duty. I'm the last group of the groups called in this morning. I'll be here forever 
Today I could go get my new phone, probably won't get to until saturday afternoon though. Boo!  
Yay for making over a bill tonight. Boo for being sunburnt......again. *sigh* I'm cold. 
Opened a bottle of wine and it had turned sour....  Boo Boo!
I'm pretty sure my bird is dying.  I've had her for 10 years now. I don't want to lose her, but I don't want her in pain either. Boo 
Boo! I can't get my twitter to work right on my phone 
Boo.I want more followers.I feel lonleyy 
at E18 driving the wagon... for the last time for at least 4 months   Boo-boo box, here i come   
Oh, I also had a dream that Boo's church killed people who lived longer than some computer in their church said they were supposed to. 
@RhondaParrish Boo hiss!  That's muy spendy.  
I wish I could locate this one guy.  I have no idea how to find him.  Boo.  
Boo no car for me this weekend 
2 of my cousins grad today. Pretty hectic. And it looks like its gonna rain! Boo 
Boo for patches! I need 15 more gigs of space for warcraft 
My audioboo did not go through. Boo! 
Boo, I need more fun in my life. 
I just spent an embarrassing amount of time building and decorating a house in sims 3 and then the game just shut off. Boo! 
@jonathanrknight Or the test. booth?? Boo.. and I had kind words to say 
I'm happy to sleep in my own bed, but  not happy that it means I'm home. For at least a month before I get to leave town again. Boo 
Going home before the concert is over  Boo
@karlee_miller i hate that. Boo.  put on a movie
@janeylicious Boo. I still have 28 hours left. 
Anyways, well how is there only nightline commercials at the wee hours of the day.  And no game shows. Boo urns to night time television. 
Getting ready for work my mood is the same as the weather roll on hometime and I've not even started!!! Boo hiss boo! 
@CherylH77 Yay for you being home. Boo for your body going skitzo. 
@nickybyrneoffic you have jinxed it now! Just startin to spit rain in clare. Boo 
I dont want to go to work today  want to stay at home..weather isnt nice either Boo..
@Ozalina Boo you whore. 
Last day of school for the week yay! we,re booked all day thou.... Boo! 
I wish my hubby didn't have to work today. Boo. 
Spending a gorgeous day at work. Boo 
Boo my favorite oatmeal recipe didn't turn out 
I wish I was still in floridaaaa. Boo 
Heading out of town &amp; forgot my gigabeat  all terrestrial radio the whole way? Boo.
Just said &quot;baby&quot; at a baby shower and lost all of my safety pins. Boo 
@cawlin No.  and the 17 story rapelle was a two hour wait. Boo.
Boo, I think I have a sinus infection.  
Huge headache! Boo. 
going out to the beav. Boo 
@aarondus Think it's just cuz I didn't eat before work. Boo! 
Ladies night got cancelled. Boo 
Where did the sun go?!? Boo!! 
My neighbours are listening to music in their shed out the back and it's too loud  Boo!!
@langfordperry I'm watching the game over here in Aussieland now! I have no idea of the teams, but I gather your team is losing? Boo! 
@CoachesCorner Boo! I'm here right now  We'll have to get together when we're back in TO 
Already home.   wish we wouldve stayed for the band. Boo.
I'm am missing my Boo terribly 
I feel like going someplace to write and draw, but everything around here closes at around 9pm.  Boo.
@jenandtonica I think I have to wait til next paycheck. Boo. 
-- currently at tajur. Boo boo I'm hungweey 
@caffeinesparks @cocoy I'm here na. Boo  hehe
is terribly sick. Boo! 
It's light out and I'm not home from work yet. Boo. 
Wishing the weekend was longer... just seem to start relaxing and then realise it's back to work tomorrow  - Boo!
Boo eight am work. Another nine to ten hour day. 
Yesterday's experiment was successful, baby cannot have dairy. No cheese for me for the next several months.  Boo 
Yesterday's experiment was successful, baby cannot have dairy. No cheese for me for the next several months.  Boo 
Yay my whole family is sick.  I hardly ever get sick.  Boo 
My @emmerlymarie leaves me today.  Taking her home in a bit. Boo.
 Boo to that 
Off for an evening in front of the TV.  Nothing too strenuous, I've got school in the morning...  Boo.  
I want to be drunk too  Boo.
@chillybreck Boo - he thrust his fists against the post but still insists he sees the ghost 
Boo hoo back to the rain, flip flips and summer dress not such a good outfit now  x
My car SUCKS again. Boo   
At graduation. Boo 
Headed back  vacations suck! They always end! Boo but we had an awesome time
@RandallRufino how was last night? Boo! I missed my own music video premiere. 
.@MissJoJoSmith yeah but not in a good way. I hate the fact they make me feel ashamed of my colour and my country! Boo to them 
My hand is now fake tattoo-less  Boo for showers washing ink off
@leannenufc But your hair is gorgeous, hon. Why you feeling pissed off  *hugs tight* Boo at the silly train.
wants an out-of-town photographer which she can't have because it will be too expensive.  Boo 
Suddenly have a terrific craving for chocolate mousse! I'd make my 5-minute chocolate mousse, but no marshmallows. Boo. 
Workingg till 2. Boo 
.@fakejowhiley can you take over the breakfast show please that chris moyles is hopeless! And he's posing as you on twitter! Boo hiss  ;)
www.donteventalktome.blospot.com is apparently now censored. Boo! 
Boo.. late trains = no coffee in skokie for elise 
No train buddy anymore!! Boo!! 
had a great weekend. I'm tired. Boo for working 
@eekshecried Boo 
Is sad she's not able to attend the pens parade,   Going to the gym then into work. Boo
So, Boo Boo is leavin me today.  I'm gonna miss tht nigga...smh.
@FashionWeek9 Thanks Boo! I had a great time .... I wosih more of you could have come 
This is the worst pain ever. And I'm broke so I cant even get my prescriptions. Boo 
@cesttressara  Boo.    I'll look into the stupid and straighten it out.  You're still totally invited, though.
@BigDaws dawys Boo is heartbroken at the mocking of her monster! 
Boo! At work all day 
I really wish I was there! Boo! 
@pigslove55 a que bonito, you gals are having fun without me. Boo! &amp; a tear too 
just broke my first guitar string     Boo hoo... I should learn not to tighten the 1st when tuning the 3rd!
@yinsanity Boo on more headaches   That sucks!  Is it caffeine dependency and/or hydration related? those are the two worst offenders!
#chuckmemondays sounds fun but I didn't get off work early enough to take part. Just leaving work now and gotta commute an hr. Boo! 
@bealove Boo 
Getting ready to have surgery tomorrow. Just realized its past midnight so no more to eat or drink. Boo 
@StealsDeals That's a great deal!  I don't see any of those stores in my state though  Boo to that!
Boo, why won't my new profile picture show up? 
I hate the smell of campfires. Boo 
Why is the @Jonasbrothers LVTT album cover on my itouch so pixelated?! Boo 
Blegh. I've got an hour and a half left. Boo. 
My belly hurts.  Boo.  
Yay, it's sunny! Boo, I've to go to work now 
Off to work.  Boo.  
@NuttyMadam Boo you for not replying  lol
So my mums phoneline is bust. Boo 
It's my last day of my (mini) vacation, had a great time. I'm going back to work tomorrow. Boo! 
@itzveronica Boo to working on a stomach-ache 
Boo hoo it's 2:40 am and I can't sleep 
I forgot my purse today... now I have to spend lunch fetching it only to not have time to eat.  Boo 
@LorenYxox Boo  haha yeah me toooo grrrrr my tummy hurts xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
@LuisEd You're no longer my friend for rubbing it in. Boo. 
Boo today 
@jenzavala Boo! I'm sorry, love.  I bet you they'll be at their house lol!
@gomelissago Looks like you have to register to see that link.  Boo. 
Scheduled an appt w/doc tomorrow to find out why voice still not back &amp; still coughing like i'm sick.  Boo! I'm ready to be done w/this!
Boo jus went home. I miss him so much already. 
My commute is already 45min. I like my job, but I need something new. I'm scared.  Boo.
So i tried uploading my videos but my battery died  i'll have to wait till tomorrow ... Boo sorry twits
Man I really wish these updates would come to my phone lol I don't understand this  I feel like I miss out on the convo's Boo..
Boo. I broke my favorite headband 
@saraburson So sad. Yay for music. Boo for drugs. 
Boo, i miss u so much!!! 
Almost 1am.... soo sleepy, must wake in 4 hrs. Boo 
Boo I'm pretty tired this morning 
I'm going to miss Paeds so much...  I abhor the dizzy days coming until I'm back doing outpatients... Boo!
Feeling sickly today! Boo  but on a positive note, only 8 days of school left!
Morning. Today is starting off rough...Boo having a major attitude problem this morning...and he hasn't even been up a couple hours yet. 
@mikessister That is awesome about all A's!!  Boo about the sickness though 
Is so tired from being up until 3am studying for my midterm I have today! Boo  wish me luck.
Why are the songs pausing during the dl. Boo 
Just checked chapters website and all the keys are sold out  Boo
oh well; dont need to worry about what to get edd for b-day as he's decided to go spend it in bristol instead. Boo 
Boo for flooded cars and basements. 
Boo  sox win
My tweetie isn't working well guys  It's having a hard time pulling up saved searches! Boo!!
Boo for rain. 
I think I have a fever... Boo!  - wanting me some cpk mexican tortilla soup!
Boo for nasty people 
Still feeling poorly  Boo 
@msjellybeanz k called u Boo u didn't answer 
Writing my 5-8 pg paper that's due tomorrow as well as making a presentation, also due tomorrow. Boo 
@rubygirljewelry That's so cool! I might be driving to S.F. that day though. Boo. 
In flordia with no internet. Boo guess twitterberry is going have to work for this week 
I'm back to that stage when every time I eat something I feel sick... Boo 
I shouldn't have left everything to the last minute  Boo... leaving tomorrow morning and I haven't packed yet...
@zombiegogo And I just checked, we're not the murder capital anymore.  Boo, second place is the first loser!
Boo...I just realized the G1 update turned my calendar a different color...I liked it the other way 
Boo, wish I could upgrade my now uncool iPhone 3G  guess I'll just wait til the next one in a year...
@SamerKaram I miss me2teh, i also miss normal sized cucumbers. Boo france 
@mommysnacks Boo on that   But glad it felt good...perhaps a cat nap is in order for this afternoon!
@kevinbrun but you work till 5. Boo!! 
@Boo2AGoose no new piercings 
The ocean isn't even awakecat 5:40 so why are we? Boo hoo 
@kirstiealley I hav 2 days left of peace thn my noise starts the kids wil be hom 4 summer yay! Boo! jk luv them. eggs wish eatin problem 
is way sad that she can't go to mani/pedi day with the girls, but I'm taking time off soon, and I have to reserve what I have. Boo. 
@argreen Boo~, that sucks. 
They're taking away my office suite and turning it into just a regular cubicle. Boo. 
Boo the waves look kinda shitty today 
Has a high fever...  Boo! I don't want to be sick for this weekend!
My foot's numb. Boo, pins and needles! 
I heard an accident outside and ran to the window. I can't see. There's trees in the way.  It's just a fender bender anyway. Boo.
Boo on possibly making someone not talk to me 
@melfierros it's the end!!! Boo that preview is a major bummer 
Really annoying pain under my left ribs, been hurting all night and feel sick.  Boo!
@cocoancream It auto DMs *and* auto tweets? Boo! 
Another disappointing and boring night again. Boo. 
Boo i cant sleep  but imma try to goodnight ahah.
My internet no worky. Boo 
Boo 5am wake up 
at work already! Boo  listening to @CHRISDJMOYLES and the cheesy song makes my morning
wants want she can't have. Boo hoo. 
Feeling pretty rough &amp; very very tired. Boo to that 
@nicole0415 not in the G  I am at work. Boo hoo!
On my way to work... Boo 
Hoping Boo is not too sad on her last day with her students. 
It hasn't stopped raining since yesterday afternoon. Boo. 
aaarrgghh keep forgetting that i'm working tonight!  been off all day. Boo  lame.
I poured my cereal before I realized I'm out of milk.  Boo.  
Boo to huskies day off from work  But they r probably relaxing on the deck, a cool breeze blowing through their fur...OR digging a trench!
FedEx guy was supposed to be here at 5... I'm getting a little perturbed that my weekend is being postponed for this. Boo hoo 
Boo. I guess no swimming today. 
If I went home today and found that my ersey had come in the mail, I'd so happy. But I know better than that. Boo 
@hef_a_roni oh man that sux! Boo 
Lunch break over  going back to work. Boo.
is making lesson plans. Boo. 
@MadiRigh damn that sucks.   i have to be up early tomorrow because we're moving stuff to the apartment. Boo.
Boo pen that snuck into washer and ruined several of my nice shirts  At least it was a load of dark clothes so most of clothes are ok...
Boo tried my luck with crawfish again.  No bueno already itching 
Boo! i have to get girled up tonight  where are my kitty heels?
Boo 2nd year, first sem subjects and profs 
@DonnieWahlberg It took us 5 hours to drive to your show yesterday! (Should have taken 2 1/2!!). We only caught the last hour!  Boo.
Boo to tonight's field trip  oh well, headed home to get up at the crack of dawn and prep for my audition, showcase and host gig 2mrrw.
is totally buzzin'... and I have to work to tomorrow  Boo...
Boo its raining here.  oh well lets go get some fathers day presents. 
didn't go for a swim this morning. Boo 
I wish the bookstores here would be more trustworthy esp at this kind of time! I think they're just sick of the situtation though. Boo 
Its very hard to function when you can't lift your arm above your head! Also trying to get ready, but I feel like a bus hit me! Boo rain! 
Please don't say I've got to upload one at a time...  Boo.  
@guilty_ I have awesome back pain stuff, but I can't take it because I have to drive later. Boo 
Boo. I can't email myself from my phone anymore 
Boo. I wanted to go to a weddingggg 
@toniignacio Its banned  The linkage!  Boo.
Beers have arrived but I'm driving hoome  Boo! #localgovcamp #fail
Boo the hair salon was already fixed...no carnage from the car 
Boo at my right earphone not working 
@maryrstanley $450 worth of brake issues. Boo. I need a new one. 
Yay for getting out of work 2 hours early! Boo for only getting paid for 3 hours 
I dont want to do anything at all today. Boo things to do. 
Boo is very mean.  
Getting ready to get a pedicure, although it is going to rain a lot later on. Boo 
Boo for FLGS not participating in free rpg day. 
wanted to make some no bake cookies, but has no milk.   Boo. #trackle #squarespace
@miss_tasia oh wow just seen the pic ahaha! And I wish we had a soup lady out here too. Boo! 
@ryanhealy Boo 
Going to go swim laps...can't find my webbed finger glove thingys. Boo. 
Where's my dad when I bloody well need him? Boo. 
@ericah boo!! Not even somewhere close? Boo!!!! Hmpf. 
Boo...my tummy hurts again 
Wow... It's blocked off by caution tape haha. They're doing minor construction on some of the rubber tile things. Boo. 
Yay for good tips tonight. Boo for working 11 hours tomorrow 
Doesn't think he gonna come 2nite?  its okay I guess! Boo woo! Lol
Finally getting started on homework. Boo school. Where did the weekend go? 
Boo back to work. No more play to do. 
I got the sniffles a few days ago.  Boo  
Boo hoo off to work for me 
Vacation is over  Headed home. Boo hoo!
I want new speakers for the car!!!!!! Boo failure. 
@ratherawkward  Yay for naps! Boo-urns that the pools and things are closed for now, too.   I didn't even register that.
Getting ready for bed... Boo six oclock work 
has a cold. Boo hoo 
@Spacefrog29 aww thanks! But i will be quiet til i get a new laptop. Boo hiss to the thief 
@LouiseHornor Yay for the culprits being caught! Boo that they destroyed the scooter 
My flats make me feel like I'm wearing ortho shoes  super sexy-let me tell ya.  This is why I'm always in heels or flip flops. Boo.
Is in clase. Boo  I need to get home and finish cleaning my room!!
Boo I hate going to the doctor 
Boo. I can't donate plasma again until I have another physical. Of course they don't have any openings tonight - the ONE day I can go. 
I'm at the oral surgeon's office  wisdom teeth evaluation. Boo.
I hate the sun and the sun hates me. Boo sunburns 
http://twitpic.com/87q5q funny how they try to make school look like prison? All I want to do is lay outtt by my pool!! Boo stats 
Boo hiss! I don't feel good 
@alwaysmiling34 Boo to you moving. That makes me supersuper sad  I still love you though
@johnbkrasinski i hope you chose sushi...since I couldn't. Boo hisss! 
@TrishTash I can't see it until later today. Boo on waiting 
Transformers 2 : There's 2 1/2 hours of my life I will never get back  Boo.
@CoolB good morning tbff! I keep missing your calls. Boo me. 
@iheartshaleh  Boo to me and smash having girls night!? lol well, come on down, then! we welcome visitors! 
You, Boo 
Getting sum Bobos with my Boo*Boo!  damn, its good to have hour around again! P.S. Get'er done tomorow Lakers!!
@Boo_Boo27 welll gennny when ya comin back? i will have a party when ya come back fa sho!!!  and plus i need to know when so we can go out
@TheDarrenxshow Boo hiss 
@its_just_jesse babe. I'm sorry your tooth hurts :/ feel better k? Ahh work right now. Boo luff you 
Boo jus got me trainwrecked!!!!!! 
Home finally...muscles hurt muchos :| oh but it was goood fun  year 12 '09. Boo yeah! Lawl.
@dheagle93 Sounds good - except  for that last one...I mean, what's the Boo to do in that game?  
@vtocce OK Boo Boo, if you say so 
