Most common words for this cluster:
[('book', 719), ('books', 301), ('reading', 158), ('library', 69), ('lol', 33), ('chapter', 29), ('amp', 26), ('read', 25), ('com', 24), ('day', 24), ('movie', 23), ('essays', 21)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'book', 0.8940176963806152), (u'books', 0.8272567987442017), (u'booklist', 0.6935887932777405), (u'FAVORITE_BOOK_AUTHOR', 0.6914588809013367), (u'Fiction_nonfiction', 0.6900299191474915), (u'tome', 0.6893258094787598), (u'novels', 0.6643710136413574), (u'Harlequin_romances', 0.643758237361908), (u'Page_turners', 0.6420667171478271), (u'Chasing_Vermeer', 0.6394510269165039)]





@twista202 I think I want to read some books but the library doesn't have them 
For some reason, I have a strong urge to draw illustrations for novel covers. 
@gabrielmansour multiple books at a time. although i have a bad habit of not finishing books 
@kateblogs no, it's because i'm an author, not a subscriber 
@fragilemuse the book is awesome. there are some other great works in there too. couldn't afford to buy it today tho 
read a word he didn't know and felt his brain preparing to go for the 5-way controller before remembering that real books don't have them 
I have to go to the library and get some books on the bloody was  I really can't be bothered with these A levels anymore
Trying to find the motivation to write some essays and finding it sad that my life revolves around essay writing 
I find my book in the food books section and not the photo section because it has some recipes  I'm not happy
In joule library, but no good books to read 
In the stupid library 
and now I should find the courage to open the books 
It definitely isn't fun reading 8h of Tweets... 
Just realized she doesnt have a copy of the novel for empire tomorrow 
@fitnessaddict34 I'm actually halfway through the last book.  I don't want it to be overrrrr, they're sooo good! 
reading tkam 
Studying for the loseee. One chapter down, two more to go. 
Guess I'll finish reading this book. 
ugh i guess i should start reading the 100 pages i have to read in my book that i had allll week to do and i have school monday 
reading last lecture  so sad
@toofondofbooks ha, I wasn't reading ruined book.   still on 2nd book.  I think the more I read the slower I get #readathon
@Author82 
@ddrfanatic682 already? when did you start reading it have you seen the movie? i'm on chapter 7 haven't read it in a few days 
@lindapendent im up at 4:35 am b/c ive 2 write an analysis essay on 2 books i didnt read!  speaking of poetry, cn U reccomend sum 2 me?
Starting to build a reference library, don't know what if any book wil result, may just end up with a need for mountains of shelves 
@pixy88 I'm on chapter 29, I still have ways to go  haha
cant study right now, my mind is not on books 
writing essays, gutted that i cant be outdoors 
So I need to finish a book in 12 hours. 
I hate going to the library when it's closed, just to drop off books because I won't have a chance to go when it's open. 
@DominaCaffeine reading makes me tired 
she's only signing the book, nothing else 
fnishing essays 
wants to finish his essays right now! I am sooo bored. I still have 5 essays to go. 
goodnight..gotta read this book for class 2moro 
reading and reading and reading and um reading? needs to be drugged by caffeine now 
done reading 200 pages of my cognition textbook, and i have no idea what was said in it.. 
ugh monday and raining and i lost my book i am reading. 
it's been freaking long since i last read a good book. a trip to the bookstore is due but dunno if i can go this weekend! 
in the library doing my disertation 
has nearly finished reading eclipse  i dont want it to end
I like to repeat myself, so I have to say that I can never become an author 
@ryanstarr7x ugh.... hate marias! are you sure we need to do that book? boooo 
@Avatarpress only 1 or 2 books, but probably 3 versions of each  
Still no book  I need it badly!
attempting a poetry essay, listening to jessie rose and feeling fat 
to kill a mockingbird is too long...  can anyone tell me the last half of the book so i dont have to read it? haha
sitting in my room, later going to school again  .. boring!... I've just decided to read a book now x)
hates how she misses the world and the characters when she finishes a book. 
@Jennybeeean aw man that sucks!  I did that book buyback thing too....my book that was originally $130, got $16 back. 
off to do english homework than finish off my photography book 
I want a free comic book...   
War is peace, ignorance is strength, freedom is slavery, 1984 is a great book... and so sad 
At this rate, I don't think I could finish reading the remaining chapters. 
dang it. amazon won't let me ship the books i want to oz  #amazonfail
I want to read my book but I have to do homework  off now so bye!
@CaraNinaMcfly gosh!! I'm  jelous now  ... sorry I'm just reading and reading  and I feel really deppressed right now
Aw, my comic book store isn't giving out free comic books today... 
Just got back from barnes and noble I know sorry I am a book worm, got 2 books and seventeen to read after state testing this week gross 
@meltdowncomics I can't believe I was sick during free comic book day. 
starting to think i may want to rewrite this entire manuscript... 
i forgot all about free comic book day 
@Toongen craaaap. i was hoping it would be thurs or fri. I'm so going to fail  is commerce open book?
hate it when a scanned book is missing just one page 
Attempting to write some review thing of a book i have to read for my eng class  its such a lame book 9.1 got a cool one ...damn nonye
i hat to go to the library 
i had to go to the library, but i don't want 
why did i buy so many books? 21 books to read 
hey someone talk tome 
@JulesFletcher yeah, without writing a book....marriage problems ! 
i think i lost my fanfiction inspiration 
This morning I have 2 read 3 chapters. 3 looongg Chapters 
@wobble23 yakan???? pantesan pernah dnger namanya! I only watch the drama and read the novel, I try to find the manga, but I can't 
is in the library workinggggg.......10 more pages? 
I'm standing outside the library and it's closed.  don't laugh at me.
@loisxxlane I am loving shelfari but struggling on how to choose which edition of a book if I can't be sure.... 
I suck at reading 
This book is booooring. Why do I have to work on it? 
@Grizzlysgrowls I don't think I have any comments on my book anywhere 
@babenatasha How did you do? I didnt think i did as well as i would liked. I chose a boring passage when there was a good poem 
PS. does anyone know how to do book selling math? I did bookstore used price minus $5-10, cool? I can't afford to lose to much on these 
finally finished reading that book!!!....celebrating by writing a 6-8 page paper tonight/tomorrow on it 
Michael Crichton has 7 Kindle Books, and 14 regular books   Looking for a birthday gift, must keep searching.
just now leaving the library... ugh  were not even done.
done with 4 novels in 3 days.... dont have more books.... 
@hellonhairylegs Me too. Tired from lugging around library books, shopping. And new YUME isn't up yet 
I never wouldve thought that a book could make me cry. 
@begizi chemistry book is down 
getting kicked out of the library... 
@BenPaddon  What's this? It's interesting and suddenly I feel shamed that I haven't read the comics... It's also near my bedtime. 
finish and i still cry after read the book 
I need to start on my hw..i have a book report to do, and a short story to write. 
I wish some books came in summary form, especially informative books. 
@nadyasha I have to have for about 50 of such books...) But perfectly I need to know all the programm, so I'm trying... 
thinks http://tinyurl.com/r9lcp2 (this) is SAD  Books are expensive as it is (unsure) http://plurk.com/p/svv1c
@felttipben It's tempting but I have too many bits of paper/books  A more straightforward subject would be much more park friendly...
actually, i like to think that i am doing staidear, but its more like sunday times mag with book open beside it.. 
writing on my detective novel, i must admit that it sucks 
Just finished reading twilight... best book ive read in ages!!!... The suns shining and i have revision 2 do 
What I want to be doing - reading my book, maybe napping What I am doing (soon) - marking, marking and more marking 
working on fall 3... forgot it was an 84-page book. 
@ohmygoodgrace i have no notes on my poems  
@diannefox i'm still sitting on the couch watching a show on wolves and looking at some new D&amp;D dice. all 6-sided. omg. D&amp;D 4 Dummies. 
dustbin baby, my new fave book + film, so amazing; made me cry though...  x
Finishing rereading a book I have read multiple times, need something new to read again 
i finished my novel 
No cook books tonight. 
@CzarinaE huckleberry finn isn't a very exciting book 
Just chillin... before I hit the books... eyes closing... can't sleep 
i created a shelf on goodreads to sort books i decided to skip. the list is longer than my books-read-in-2009 list. 
What is the next book? I am having a hard time with Confessions now  hope it's a lighter read!
okay back to the books.... 
reading...arggg 
not ready to read tons of books!! huhuhu 
@wolfgang reading that again. I think i went too far 
I need a book to read. 
trying to read the #ukrds report - it's long - like trying to read a short book only much less interesting 
@VickyCheng yup the pre 1914 poems and your two poets. It's the four poem essay 
Going to get a little more tipsy and then get back into my book-writing. It's been neglected for a few weeks now 
Depressed... no one's going to publish my book 
Revisin  ooooh i hate the books!!
@Dreso shut up! get cracking on that script! &amp; book &amp; musica! sorry 
The library is closed 
@mlq3 just try &amp; order a book online TODAY, it will be taxed 30%-100%+ by customs, &amp; watch the courier as he hands you an extra bill! 
t.s eliot no offence but i don't like your poetry 
@xkillthelightsx How was it? I really need to read the book first though...... 
Angels and Demons is cool..but not as awesome as the book....some important scences were left out...and changed 
Pining for the great outdoors!  O well, back to the books 
hey! doing book debts 
@FannyMassey im great taa, you? samee.. and my new look(book) is a failure 
Just want to see the aloud now... Only thing keeping me going 
@mileycyrus I read that in your autobiography 
Is gonan go see angels and demons I hope I don't hate it after reading the book 
Heading to the library to revise 
@HollyHuddleston wenevr i read a book i get to distracted. i cant get comfortable wen i read. always movin aroundd. so stressfulll 
i must read the redation Book! 
@Bindibadgi I'm still annoyed that real books don't have a quickfind function 
Oh chuck palahniuk. You tricked me into a false ending of your book. 
@sosheisgold I know.. I didn't expect my book to not sell at all 
It's so difficult for me to read my book as I barely have time for it! 
@soupwiththefork i check out books and then lose them. 
@nqr the one on the spit? it was awful! i hated the cellar full of soon to be eaten people  great book though
How do you read a book in a day? big or small.... 
@TeamJellan yay for chapter 8, but I haven't got it 
watched angels and demons just now. was good, but somehow even w/o reading the book, i kinda guessed the ending and the villians... 
Shit forgot my bio books! 
is awake and is thinking of going to the library 
@kezzawezz my books not here yet, im stressing!! dunno if the postmans been here though 
#wossybookclub Anyone managed to find a copy of the book yet, i haven't 
@Wossy Help! Book is out of stock at Waterstones 
back to the books again 
i've got to go to chemistry soon  tho the teacher seems to know fuck all about chemistry and just copies from the book, waste of time.
@lehndal On chapter 3 and just scared myself by sneaking a peek at chapter 6. I'm afraid, very, very afraid 
is going to return to her books 
@decaydance most movies made after books are disappointing. it sucks. 
Going to write poems and read backlog of blogs - but I really wanted to go to movies. 
downloaded eclipse, great more sleepless nights reading a book, lol. I know I'll be sad after breaking dawn! no more twilight books. 
I need to stop reading separate articles on @afterellen Always get my hopes up with BLWE only to re-read everything I've read 
@juriskazha 15-20 admitted they do not know what reading is. 
@shaunjumpnow omg. i would kill for that book too 
@lillianb sounds like you may need to get a new mac book 
I'm so bored...  I'm going to read some book. But I can't decide which (:
wishes she would work on her comic book and get done with the book already 
Missed a book at the library by like a minute, saw someone else with it 
I wish I had my computer on me I wanna write my book. Or one of them  also I need more ideas for them.
Not working is much more enjoyable. And i forgot my book to read at lunch  bet i can make it home and back in 30..
argh! why can i never concentrate?!?! I hate essays 
gargh. working on chapter 10. it's not going as i planned 
@FabMissK its on my i pod and honestly you bitches don't have to take subways... books aren't fun there 
@MizGeeGee so according to your stats on the book you like houston and are movin! sadness is officially setting in 
Just got done reading 100pages in my school book...test is tomarrow and i still have some100+ pages to go..im F'ed in the A fo show  
This book is starting to get boring. 
one book down, one more to go... me thinks i work too much.   
Is gonna read a book tonight 
@heyitshelen thank god its there. I dont get it. I forgot my importance of earnest book  Who are the main characters again?
has to pay for a stupid book 
I ran out of book today using @shortcovers on ipod touch -- apparently does not download the whole book and I wasn't near wifi 
tmr library again.. awhman! boooooo 
Off to try to write at least one chapter....and maybe otmorrow I can get one book cover done...I got nowhere 2day 
Damnit. I have run out of candy coated books. 
This is great curl-up-in-a-ball-and-read later. I wish I had a book. 
is HOT. Just done some late spring cleaning! About to settle down with a book i can barely read, left my glasses at my mums 
@SidViciious You must be doing different poetry to me. All we get is Catullus, some Ovid and and an extract from the Aeneid.  x
So I cannot find my poetry book. It wasn't at my dad's and I'm about to tear up my room looking for it. It I don't, I'm gonna be sad 
tired and all i want to do is play random songs on my gitwar but i have to do my drama essay. 
@KatherineLunt Really bored tonight though  Your book I think (Y) xxxxx
going to the library. I miss u already! 
@mawbooks I want a copy to read! I can't find it at my little library.  #bea09
@deejaychips i havent laid my verse yet... 
@gnimsh forgot to answer your kindle question yesterday. honestly, haven't used it much. have two paperback books i want 2 read first. 
MIT bookstore has best book selection, but it's the one bookstore I have no coupons or discounts for 
@YasmineGalenorn depressed that both of those are already out but yours isnt. I want your book!! 
it's realy boo0o0o0o00oring ..my book is on the side &amp; i'm not studyin for sure... 
I just spent 45 minutes at the book store. I only bought one book. 
@_constantstatic i like babies better  (although i like shows/books about crime)
@Chells oh, i have books on that but no practical experience 
debating whether to go to bed and start reading the last harry potter book, even though as soon as i start reading it, i won't wanna stop 
@Lindsaydressel I was then I had a bad dream  I have to stop reading books about assassins and shit I think I am getting paranoid ha
I really need to stop doing #wordathon until I can really get into this book, it just isn't flowing yet 
finally home...about to cozy up on the couch, read a book and try not to think of him sooo much! 
I may have to write my own book series one of these days. No series ever ends the way I think they should. Boo. 
@justaddbooks I had such a hard time with that book, I couldn't get into it  #BEAtwittyparty
@sarawkweird I'm the opposite. I have no unread 'easy' books to take on the plane next week  Just depressing and/or hardcore ones
I want to help @taakeachillpill sell her mom`s pocket books in the clubhouse. 
starting the last sookie book. the sadness...  
Right now my dogeared notebook is filled with long lists of mundane things to do. . .not dreams and snippets of poetry  
@DouglasAintRike It's aze. The book is a million times better though. I miss you, btw. 
eating chocolate and reading a really good book  only have 10 mins left of my break
A book that hadn't been opened for 100 years? Totally would gotten weeded from our branch. 
i want to cry. i keep putting books into the boxes but the bookshelves are still packed. i want to cry.  
My foot is alseep  I just read a little in breaking dawn... love that book :d
i have to do a 1500 word + essay on a book i havent finished reading, by next week 
Gahh, my book of crossword puzzles got more difficult towards the end... 
is trying to write an essay.....grrrrr....only 1/2 done 
just ate a delicious club sandwich!  back to my study books 
@tomsinger according to my text book yes they should definitely know it! I wish they could do my assignment for me.      *brain explodes*
reading up on the asylm convention as i was unsble to get there 
is almost done packing. has found the cheque book icici issued when he opened his account 2 years ago. no luck with the transcript 
writing a story and listening to music   first story ive written in aages and ive lost my writing book  devamastation!!
Finished my book! I'm such a slow reader  I need to start book 2! #trueblood
reading 'Granpa' makes me cry 
http://twitpic.com/69a7i - All The Books i had 2 bring home from skool yesterdaii 
argh it's so sunny and I'm sat here making books. 
Just got back from the Book store.  They  were sold out of lisa rinna's book 
drinking my coffee. it is worth it to wait a day for my book to come in? probably 
@rajeshja I used to read books 
being mad at library for not having all the books i want. 
@nikkiluvsnkotb She is suppose to write book five but nobody knows when it'll be out. 
just here chilling reading ..  
@ShashiTharoor sir... where can i get to buy your books in tvm.. i checked out a few places but couldnt find any... 
time to work on that book report. 
just finished reading the last twilight book... WOW! it was amazing... i dont know what im gonna do now without edward... 
+ I desperately want to go to reading 
Pretty disappointed with finding out I WON'T be getting my copies of the mag I was in.  
nonono i ain't got control. back to studying, i still want the book by vinnie fiorello 
My dad has confiscated the last twilight book till after my art exam 
Oeipus + Aeneid + procrastination = wishing there was something to do = more loneliness 
why the hell is my address book typing in arabic? i don't know how to change it. 
It's srsly unfair how many more knitting books there are compared to crochet 
I need 2 buy the princess diaries books i dont have 4 1/2 n some others  Acilegnamambo
i am still boreddd  and i don't feel like writing my poems
Giving in and reading twilight. 
is going to be up all night working on my book report!!!! 
@writingvixen I really wanted to watch that the other day but I couldn't find it!  I do have the book though.
@f_nadzirah i miss school too  hahaha pick up a book and start reading! have you read the book &quot;the perks of being a wallflower&quot;?
frustrated. i need to write. wheres my writing pen! 
I fin my book    it wasn't completed at least that's what I think
My bad habit of reading a book's last page first just ruined a whole series for me.  
@katarinasmama we all have same feeling w/ snape...  it was such a relief when book 7 finally came out...
Oh no wait, the actual last time was when i got that chair massage at BookPeople. And this is lasting that long.  
@phillygoat lol, I know right! I would have a kindle but I can't read the books I have! 
@cacophonix5 they've almost changed d whole plot..missed out on d best parts in d book 
reading twilight. some have said that if u read the book ur disapointed with the film. i hope this isn't true 
I think I lose 3 books, which might be kept by friends. Since summer's here, have no way to find/take 'em back.  I miss my books 
@hany_michael I would like to read one of those books, but I don't have money &amp; time to spend on those books 
@AmyyVee (cont) ...I get to see my cousin... and I seriously want my book back...  (twilight&amp;new moon... am protective of my books..)
@jessicapinkett I'll probably just miss you - I have a core book due at two and revision is exiling me to the horrors of the hot library. 
My drawers and cupboards are overflowing with books and magazines, and I have no space left for more. 
I finished revising c4 today. the last 2 chapters took me weeks to tackle that i forgot how to do the earlier chapters already  how gay.
finals are in two weeks tottaly not ready!! i really miss reading books 
Revising English Poems 
On the other hand, I can't go book shopping now  #fb
i need to find another way to get value out of books: i don't even remember the content of books i read two months ago... no long memory 
I want this book but I didn't have enough money to buy it.   http://twitpic.com/6c2ys
uuufff!! Prevert poem.... 
its really sunny and im inside with chemistry books  how cool(h)
Oh! I forgot about book list item in my theme 
I like the sun but it's giving me and headache and it's not helping to complete my photography books 
arghh, i felt like being creative and i can't find my sketch book. laaame... i tried writing a story and couldn't get past the first line 
@rocking_robin You know, not everyone has finished the book and some might wish they hadn't read that comment. 
There is a book thief at bea 
@lisarinna I went to my book store to buy your book yesterday and they were sold out now I have to wait for it. I'm not happy 
Finished my book but I don't think I have another to start 
The sun is shining....and i'm inside writing an essay! 
so far weekend=amazing but angels and demons definitely did not live up to expectations. it was still good, just not as good as the book. 
@tinchystryder i cant book nufin till foooking results and then they'll be sold out 
shower then starting up global and english essays 
@BradleyLaw i really have never read the books 
Already finished my book.  why do i never remember to bring more than one?
i think i have a slight obsession with a book  x
i have what is quite possibly the most boring bedtime reading ever 
I want spotify haha. I also want to get some sleeeeep. I can't sleep until i read out the book and write about 
im reading and reading and reading, and learning the vocabulary , i miss my friends 
@HarrieOwen i hate spiders inittttt  there was this massive one in my room on the wall LOL and i smacked it with a hardcover book
I forgot my book and I'm stuck at work with no entertainment 
@ElisabethIC you don't follow me.  the only reason I know is 'cause I tried to dm you for the book.
Sitting poolside reading trashy novels sippin on...water 
I can kill characters without crying...I read too much fantasy books  (people die..a lot in the books I read, at least)) #writchat
doing a long essay on a mystery book .. my sunday is just fading away 
33 pages of chapter 2 of dissertation cranked out and sent to prof. *EXHALLLLLE* now necesito comida 
My mum made me tea but she hid it behind a book and I didnt see it and now its cold.   
@killerannax apparently all of them say picture with books in their title but don't list it as included so i guess i was wrong sorryyyy 
I hate writing papers... about a poem... when it's nice outside. 
I probably should have taken my book bag out of my car before I let my sister use it, since she's still not home and I need my book bag 
@xblairx yeah i loved the books, i couldnt even finish the movie  lol. read them
dang, i thought i was gonna be smart and buy an old edition book but I dont have one of the chapters im supposed to read. 
got two new books, no vampire diaries tho 
Yes! Bought book off back home to read since book store's closing. 
analysing animal farm.. i dont get why we cant just read the bloody book! 
@LisaTheDiva I didn't see the first one  I didn't even read the books
Why do we have to write essays? 
just watched the new moon trailer...i'm excited yet sad...it wont be as good as the book 
i just watched the trailer for new moon  feels so different from the story book, but still, awesome (L) rob patt!!
@DazzleMeThis books with different covers 
I've already breakfast/lunch .my sister bought many language books 
Assassins creed book no longer to be  published 
I'm going to go heelhook some textbooks. 
@nicolabird I LOVE that book! But it slid off my desk and fell down the back of the radiator and now I can't get it out - devastated! 
@gfalcone601 it's so cool!!! but not like the book 
@irrationallogic Awww. I was excited to know if they had the books I want. 
@heycassadee have you seen the trailer? It looks too different from the book 
In the library and very bored 
I feel like i shouldnt watch the new moon trailer until i get a chance to read that book. 
@DaisyReyes I have 2 get the book 2 read it b4 I see it  
@taylormcfly my mum took my twilight books off me so I would study more! 
@ladyjess2004 I know!  I was going to walk to the library.
essays are terrible and even worse essays about hamlet 
@dementes i can't watch it because it's one of my favorite books in the world, &amp; that movie did not get the point, at all. 
Just left the library &amp; both books I want 2 read r checked out!  POOIE! 
really hates that they are totally messing up new moon and that was my favorite book 
Writing a poem for enlish. I suck at this 
but now i need to read something from english literature class...persuasion by jane austen  i know that i love to read vampire books...
Watching the chronicles of narnia, this makes me want to read the books:/ I rly need to get a library. 
I want to order all of @amandapalmer's sheet music books, they look so amazing but so expensive! 
 the library isn't hiring.
 .... i think i lost my spanish book!! :-X
@fishmama Ugh...I don't think you'll like my answer  We worked through summer &amp; did math only to finish the book.
Going up to the library 
hey guys, please write to me i am so bored of writing this drama essay 
hates writing essays. 
@alrightmousey I was supposed to do book design cover on the Illustraion course this year, but it got bumped off the list. 
I am so freakin sleepy  I hate that I have to read this looong and boring book :S
just had a pile of books fall on top of me, as well as a suitcase while trying to find my sisters keeper. ouch 
Year books make me sad 
just finished balling my eyes out after the sad ending of this book I just read 
doing a poetry poster. i suck at poetry but i songs r poetry so maybe i don't suck at all. aha. super bored though. theres no1 2 talk to. 
@gaylejack Am reading a book for review so I can't play on blip 2nite 
Ugh... At geisel library for some studying...  how boring.
the jungle book has finished nowww  !! bored. someone talk?
working on a year book....so many pics to go through 
if you clean out a closet and dump it on the bed, then it sucks when you want to curl up in bed and read a book  
i hate writing essays 
@danielamendez I hate  but my studio is so much!! many and many books!! I read read read!! ok.. I go to read! jajaja
reading 
i do love the movie, the jane austen book club. even if im up 2 hrs past my bedtime 
@JJonasLover09 that is so sad.  hopefully it gets better in the next book!
A book just made me cry sooo sad 
just saw twilight the movie after reading the book, such a disappointment 
It's so hard to get lost in my book, there's so much going on that I want to shut out but can't... 
@Tiredofbeinsexy no!! i keep meaning too though. i need to start a list, i always forget books when im at the bookstore 
I just want to get my skill books 
@cmpriest - I want to buy it, but it's not an eBook! 
@allshallfade Why doesn't our bookstore do that. 
has another book in mind. but i can't purchase any of them yet... 
@elphieofkiamoko i went through all the books but there were no secrets left in the books 
just saw new moon trailer...jasper is so rad! though they've changed the settings around from the book 
I had more books than I thought! Oppps!  http://dailybooth.com/lukeb3000/417238
reading books on world history...  how interesting...   
Lunch here, i'm soo bored! A stupid boy from B class made a scar in my mac book!! 
I have to present a 10 page book I wrote. 
I have no other book  @cbain84
is at the libs... woke up at 6 to work on assignment.. now at the library... why does dal library have to be closed at 9 in the summer 
Just found out one of the library's regular patrons recently passed away.  
@keeda twilight sucked. so will new moon. cant believe i read all those books. 
Only 4 chapters left 
 kettering is rubbish...it doesnt even have any sketch books!
the library is cold 
Finishing work, off to Chapters, listing the condo tomorrow 
@mrsbjones &amp; why have not finished the book yet??? Lol...omg we're the worst! What happen to our book club??? 
need to sell last years accounting book, management book &amp; marketing book...my new accounting books are larger than the three combined! 
cant pick a book to read 
@DanielJose i got out of chapter at 1 so i didnt bother calling... lol 
trying to find a board book publisher is not easy! Even if I find them, I either can't reach them or they are not taking submissions. 
Reading harry potter and the deathly hollows. Just got to the part where the book begins to suck 
This book gives me the willies  i may never be the same again
i just finish reading the book of mormon.. i already finish 2 chapters  cause the rain did not stop pouring the whole day... 
working on my book and realized i might have to cut out an entire chapter. 
@betweenthenotes he has the plaster on for 6 weeks now  hows your book?
Apparently the ending of the film is a lot more uplifting, leaving out the tragic end of the book. 
nearly finished my book so sad 
no school today! but revising poems. you know i can't wait to burn my anthology! why did i take english lit for next year??? 
@mcvane  it's sad. i was actually considering re-reading some of the books. :X and yes, i really liked polgara back in the day
@Gomerch I wish I could get my mitts on one of those year books! 
@st_aurafina  How sad. I loved Eddings' books as a kid.
hmm... comic book reviews. maybe i should try doing... that (shakes head slowly, overcomes inertia.. to realise he's too lazy to do so. 
Preface says: &quot;If you zip through a page in less than an hour, you're probably going too fast.&quot; This book has 240 pages. 
revising english poems 
 at david eddings dieing, a brilliant author and will miss his skilled penmanship
@vegan_one sometimes filthy is fun... we'll see.  I've got the first 4.  they already drifted from the book series though. 
And my book isn't in the classroom... Here's to hoping the professor has it... Or I left it at work. 
Forget same page... I think I'm reading a whole different book most days 
@blackmetalkitty Book club?  details!
reading marks gospel - getting ready for tommorrows exam 
Reading &quot;The Book Thief&quot; for summer reading..gaaaaaaay. 
book sucks. they dont do it 
parenting scrapbook  english essay 
I JUST bought the virgin suicides- I wish I knew it was going to be Picador's book club pick earlier  #pic7
I #BlameDrewsCancer  for  ordering the wrong $85 book. 
@brookehavenxxx  aww reading this makes me sad  i did too ...
@adorelle I need that book sis! I need some positivity over here 
So I went to the book store and for the second time they didnt have the book I was looking for 
Finally getting the chance to return a couple overdue library books today... I know, I'm bad 
wish i could get a signed copy of @LaurenConrad's book  
@spike1989 it's fucking pissing it down here and i had to trek back from the library in it. i miss you 
At the library. So many books i want to read, but i have too many at home that i need to read first, and i don't have the time! 
I read a book about how to improve my memory but I forgot what it said.  
I hate &quot;The Book of Answers&quot;!!!!  @harleykane you know what I'm talking about... FUCKERS... :@ :@ :@ :'( :@
@sarahockler I don't have a problem with vampires! I guess I just don't like teen romance novels 
@laurenconrad http://twitpic.com/6otml - I wish you were doing some book signings closer to where I live 
I thought earlier that we fixed everything until yurr mom read ourr texts! Now i think were just screweddd! 
trying to do the 3 essays 
@bethharperwalsh sadly i did not draw them  but here is another!! there is a whole book. you NEED it!!!  http://twitpic.com/6q8rr
Going to the library later. 
yay for bookshelves! boo for cleaning 
@akane_takamura ..keep in touch, hm'kay?? How will i ever find another literature buddy who'll lend me really good books?? 
Wish I'm home today chillin' with hubby and reading my book! 
@kisstheLIP i just started the book of lies and the first page already made me so mad! the mom is such a ho 
writing essays 
@GRACIECAKES Oh no. I just meant the book 
 i didn't get to cook, instead had dogs... it was ok, i guess. kinda tired but not sleepy :-s btw i so &lt;3 my new book lol
. . .Then going for ANOTHER shopping tomorrow, I`m desperate  I did`nt buy the book/dvd`s I want because my
monday is getting faster more than me to my text books oh no 
monday is getting closer more than me to my text books oh no 
@friendsofED your website is down... I was going to buy a book. Now I'm sad 
srsly going to fail war literature   
It is freezing in this library!!! so cold 
hitting the books again 
@slaastandards I KNOW. I'm re-reading the series now...I do not want it to end! 
I sold another book!....it was like five dollars 
@CheesyLouisey i need a new book, i have nothing to read 
@ChrisandCal slowly  they are all through agencys which make you jump through a million hoops just to get on the books grrr...
Really wants to read the next twilight book now! But doesn't have any 
@delb0y aw I wasn't impressed with the cards - mine are going back  but the sticker book I got was fantastic
blackberry exploded and with it, my address book. 
What is it with my library and saying they have a book and it not being there? 
@KevinSpacey @KevinSpacey your still tops in my books, it just would have been nice to see you there.   
...just spilled his coffee on his book. wahwahwah 
I want to go to the bookstore~ 
everytime i pick this book up i fall asleep...summer reading is torture 
quite tired! been getting up early! like at 9 this morning! i know! weird! +i'm outa books to read cause i havent been up to the library 
@sherod I want to go 3 times.   Books are quite different.
Waiting for @jjorgey and just realized i forgot my book  now i have nothing to do
@lisarinna - Can you only buy your book online or through your store?  I looked around town today and couldn't find it. 
@urbanfantasygrl I've got 6000 bks on comp, a bare dozen hardcopy. I once had 3000 hardcopy books (lost in a fire) incl lots 1st editions 
@shiningthunder  You have no other books? I sorry. *huggles*
@libraries I be jealous of your Sedarising 
is a little disappointed that the next twilight movie seems like it is going to be SO different to the book! 
That book was NOT supposed to end that way 
@ZaccariahTwiter well can i at least get it during your presentation? im in the yrbk staff next year and i didnt even get to see the book 
so bored  , just finished doing poetry but didnt do it all :|
Book 6 is my fave but I will never be able to read it without crying through the last like, 3 chapters. 
UGHHH terrible luck today. and I have yet to open a book! 
@samarowais So no chapter 11 yet then 
Going to get the next book, involves getting out of bed 
My phone suddenly wont play the mp3s I'm asking it to. I'm forced to bring my r4 to listen to my audio book chapters in order. 
my fiance thinks im obsessed  because i have read each book in the twilight saga 6 times now;) what does he know!!!
@EllieMatthewson it'd be complete rubbish and you know it. ellie i forgot my latin book at school  i so sad (as in, emotionally sad) 
@elliematthewson i'm not entirely sure. it's making learning my prose texts really hard. and i'm procrastinating so not to deal with it. 
Turns out they have suckish books 
tomorrow is microeconomics exam, i have to read book and learn everything, but now i am very tired  to do that 
@TinyToots yeah I had the audio books too.. that reminds me need new audiobooks... starting commute again from tomorrow 
Shit ! I cant connect my brain to my physic book 
@renmiu I tried reading it, got interrupted by screaming child, had to put the book down.  
It was a really good book, but it was so sad!!! 
Ughhh I dnt feel good at all. I feel like there is a stack of books on my chest and when I cough it hurts. 
blahhhhhhhhh i hate writing essays when all i want to do is sleep 
mugging fr her last paper. 5 more chapters to go! 
@Yuifan16 I really don't know why it took me so long to write chapter 16 
@ElisabethIC  no book yet.
i hate essays 
In the library 
@NLPride08 I'm not doing so well this week...reading a book you don't like, seeing movies you don't think are that good 
finishing my book report  bored... I wanna do something fun:S
@Jenershner I was sad when I heard she passed away, they didn't even credit her in the show.  I love novels and manga actually, lol.
Walking to the library now...could be swimming 
I'm so behind on my reading this year. I've only read 14 books so far. I thought I would have read almost 30 books by now. 
@bobbitos oh i meant to tell u i tried dling the good book after u left and it cost again 
Gymmm, then backk to the damn books 
I can't do this. I don't have the patience to just sit here and read a text book. I'm going to fail finals, and that's that. 
@donbenjy i'd love to meet up and chat.  i have a really good book... but it's in la.  
i wish there was going to be a new harry potter book this summer. 
@samdiazzz i need to borrow your steve harvey book! and i accidentally left my book in your car  boooooo
spendin the day with books and notes, not fun at all 
It bothers me when I read a book and it doesn't have a happy ending 
@krissieli Can I set this book on fire once I'm done? But that's not the worst part, I still dunno what 2 do with the 8 pages &quot;project&quot;. 
@LifeIsForever I didn't know she had a book. Only saw her on wife swap, so bad fan  but I'm gonna buy her book now if I can on my iphone.
ugh school 2m and i still hav about 200 pgs of a book to read 
@DitiSays  she was LOL..actually in my eyes she still kinda is..give anyone marks in my book for getting back up after her breakdwn
I've got the laundromat blues  And I forgot my book.
Studying and writing tons of poems for English 
is going to work on her book report 
best book--not surprised, but still  #tonys
[tos] should have won best book... the little show that could has been far too overlooked 
At the book signing, I was the only person there who didn't work at the store  , I kind of felt bad for the authors.
@MichelleZink I have the first one on my shelf, just haven't gotten to it  Too many books darn it.
@pennygersh i just started rereading the first book too  very nostalgic
I'm siiiick and I have to write my religion essays 
my mom's want me to read my books in advance. 
@theteenagers wish i could!! i'm stuck in the books! 
@ACRead Book diets are not good.  Actually I borrowed it from my mom because I'm on a diet, too.
@tobiasbuckell I loved the book immensely and had high hopes and there were a few changes that made no sense to me, just weren't needed 
@b1tzmast3r In that it's a crime to artists everywhere that we can't buy these books new anymore. 
I'm still up reading this book. I have to work in the morn. But I can't sleep. Wish HE was here to help me sleep. 
I am always just so sad when I finish a book. 
has a massive book of notes like 3cm's thick for the law exam tomorrow    not looking forward to it!
@dommerghz It doesnt include the last couple of books  and the series isnt finished yet
should be studying but keep reading my book  god damn good authors
morrrning! on the computer at school since 8.30, making assignments for dutch. only the book report is left now. 
just started the next twilight book. sick 
back to the books 
i lost my stitch'n bitch book.... 
just finished the saddest book ever 
@haraya just started reading the article, but i'd just like to say, i wish we had good public libraries. 
I can't believe I stayed up this late writing a blog entry. I need my sanity reexamined. And I'll never get to start my book now. 
My book habit is going to be the end of me 
just got all her new science text books  badtimes.
@MELBOTS yehh. me chp4 T__T one billiontrilliongazillion chapters more to go 
I must start reading chapter 1 of my acc book. I haven't even been to my acc class and there's already an assigned reading!! 
@Roisinmull that poem made you all soft 
finds her room awfully lonely without all the books, dvds and records 
i just realised i hav 16 chapters 
@CeriMcCall It is on my list, but not yet.  Too many good books collecting dust 
really not in the mood for dance, i'd rather be sat in bed with a hot chocolate reading a good book, but no 
@omgitswendy ooo sounds like a good book. I hope the letter isnt that bad. 
reading a superrrrr BORING book 
My mac book will die in like 30 seconds! 
@dimcarcosa I've tried to read some graphic novels, but I've never been any good at the technique. I never know which panel to look at. 
@jaygambit yea i was trying to get the book actually but i cant find it 
http://bit.ly/cAl9i I have book and cocktail envy, I want a 1950s cocktail book 
@hravan I know!!  You're the one who recommended them to me!    Looks like this latest batch will only have 2 books.   Better than 0!
Still writing, no where near getting in to uni. But filling up all my nice note books  going to have loads of recycling
omg this book is amazin! i almost cried i cnt believe he did tht 
I want to go home and reading my book. 
@roose18 you are lucky!,I'm making novel..but anyway don't know why I write to u..u are not here 
I cannot justify 30$ on a new book 
I have to read my book !!! I'm sick 
Why essays 
It sucks not being able to buy books. 
@lindentreephoto actually I do have to do a new lesson plan because they are changin the book on me 
@joseluis214 lmao I'm just reading the book for the first time 
go hayate!!!&lt;3 the manga story..lol hayate is new manga..hohoho n also &lt;3 alice academy,unfortunatly,there's no season2 of it.. 
I can't believe reading old texts made me cry. Really?! asdfghjkl; 
books are overpowering my room and i wish i had a nice bookshelf. 
@JustFalling i just got spoiled about something from the book!  i'm so pissed. i hope it's not even true. ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
@plerash I'm only on chapter 8.   
want to read a good book. @sarahpak just remembered that you forgot my books 
very sad because one class's text books will cost two weeks pay 
U.S. history regents 2morrow-physically IMPOSIBLE to study.[these text books are like sleeping pills].wtfackk ! helpp 
@SeanWG I have too many books on the need to read list right now and not enough time to read them. 
i #learnedtoday that i have an incredible number of books. and that they are very heavy 
just finished hit and run by lurlene mcdaniel, every one of her books makes me cry. they're all so sad 
@FabiHinostroza but now i have to buy a 120 book. 
i need to practice my english so bad!  i hate to talk just like the old english books &quot;lesson one, the book is on the table&quot;
good thing i've written one paragraph.. and haven't even opened my book 
We did not find the book that we need. 
asks who has chemistry book?i really need it  http://plurk.com/p/1194du
@MiZz_J...fuckin twilight books make me all sad 
Trying to write chapter 135..not really getting anywhere... 
@DjLuMm I'm fabulous! What's new with you? Should've hit me up when the semester ended! I'm back to books now.. 
Finished book 3! So sad it's almost over!  no more late night readings.
sleepless night.  i need a good book. nothing appeals right now.
can't connect my mac book at my office. 
hitting the books, again 
need a freaking quote for the year book 
At the library reading   trying to get a structure on the dissertation...
the biology book is so freakin' expensive! i have a feeling the theology book will be too. 
tabbing my books and highlighting notes, the only two joys i get from reading casebooks 
just had the worst day ever...well not really but then i could not find the books i need to think i already went on a bookstore tour 
I got a *5 book fine  damn it
Hates that lonely feeling that you get when you finish a book. Like the charactors were friends that you wont ever see again. 
@LaurenConrad i want to read your book, L.A candy, but its not in stores yet here 
@domcaluagpaz shangri-la...checked the books in national bookstore, powerbooks &amp; fully booked...i was carrying big boi the entire time 
http://www.pragprog.com is down  was going to check out their #groovy book
hanging out at the library 
this book sucks 
i'm losing the will to read ... my book is awful 
@lisarinna i am DIEING to get to a book store for your book! The nearest one is an hour away.. I live in the middle of nowhere! 
@mattdevs i wrote a 14 pg paper on it this year haha. the sad thing is i never got to finish reading it 
ordering books off line much rather go to a book store n smell that sweet smell but to busy  cant wait to get this in 2-3 days lol
I don't know how to color my children's book. 
I'm very tempted to go to the bookstore but I usually end up buying more than I intend and even that 's not enough 
i'm sorry @ror1986 but boys are in the bad books again 
The stupid treasure book stillllllll isn'tttttt outttt 
I am filing for bankruptcy because of my book addiction 
@BritneyBook I thought this book would b enjoyable but i read a review that u said britney was drinking tequilas b4 vma's '07  that's mean
too early to at the library... 
shouldn't have read the book too quickly. The sequel isn't out until next year 
@muzzlepuffs Are you using Grails 1.1.1? I forgot to mention not to use that with that book. 
@joeymcintyre I feel bad i seem to have lost my card to get that song   I gave a book and all...  ah well...  it shall turn up!
@Nobledreamer while I do possess effortless style, I do not possess the book by @juneAmbrose  and yes it wud b a great bday gift!
Holy shit, this book. I've never been more terrified in my life. And it's just the beginning 
I&quot;M so bored I want to buy a new book !!!!!! but i have no licensease 
@Lover_of_Books trying to wrestle some phone alerts out of twitter... so far, they're not budging... not sure what's wrong 
@LaurenConrad wish i could be there to get a book 
bought the sarah dessen book!!! actually. i'm a bit pissed off that the font is not the same as previous books. wtf. 
exhausted -- I know this because I'm too flat out to read my book 
@UbikYeah saturdays are evil feckers  so where are these books...?
@LaurenConrad awwww, i want your book 
@whovian99 I don't see how you do it. I was thinking about decorating my autograph book but I don't know what to do 
I have some pretty great reviews of my other published novels, but its not helping me in the publishing or agent world... 
I wish you would talk tome already 
Only three more chapters to go on ourladypeace.net! 
@Jenniceg I am going to start the books. I like the series. I hope that will not change after I read the books.  
i need jonas  more chem and trying to learn authors
The library is freaking me out.  I don't like being in here 
organizing a million music books. so many paper cuts.. 
I might finish my movie. I'm 19 minutes in and they've already butchered the book. 
@wownik  hey u still owe me a Book 
Loves geoffrey and good books. Hates being sick and having to wake up early. 
Laying in bed and reading because i'm sick. 
@SohanaB @huma_rashid   i actually enjoyed those books &amp; am anxiously awaiting to add book 5 to my collection. :'(
Ugh! My damn books are a hundred plus each!! 
@cassieclare you'll never publish the fourth mortal instruments book? say it isn't so!  that is such a tragedy ... I am the biggest fan!
T-minus something like 4 hours. I totally forgot my book. 
I'm trying to find a book about drugs and prostitution and all that scandalous stuff. No luck! 
reading. i've been reading so slowly lately  it makes me sad. must catch up.
@TheRealJames haha yes I've just finished the fourth &amp; final book of the twilight books &amp; I didn't want it to finish, but it has  I'm sad!
This book is sad. 
@Sylviiarh @mymemoirs um the website doesnt allow you to view the book  - looks like we will have to photocopy the book
finding it difficult to recall memories of iiit -h in sequence  now i realize how difficult it is if someone writes his autobiography
is all on my own in work 2day  mite start reading my book
@markfishpool my guide book says that bourton has &quot;sold its soul to crass commercialism&quot;! 
Not enough sun to get tan...  I'm going to the library then 
updating religion book for marking tmoro. my head feels awfully sore 
@amberjaneburton That poem made me oddly sad 
damn i wish i had money to by the vampire chronicle books 
Oh and i still havent read astons blog 
I've started reading about 12 books this summer and can't get into any of them, even ones that I love. 
@Oithinkyoulikme that sucks.  On the bright side, you can get some reading in with those fancy book lights.
@LKHamilton almost finished skin trade... don't want to though  I've been reading your books pretty much non stop for about 6 months now
reading my new book. havent been to sleep in 2 days!   
So bored...nothing good on the telly and I don't have any good books to read because I've read them all...and so not in the mood to study 
At the pool and just realized that the new book I got at the library today is one that I've already read. 
Seriously I want my book 
On my way to work. But no book to read. 
Ouch! I just poked myself in the eye .... with a book 
Just finished the last twilight book 
@Lorzzzzzz only up to chapter 12.  X
@bitesizednin the 12th? Yes, its coming out as 3 books though.    http://bit.ly/gquo4 still waiting on final titles of last 2 books
Getting ready to hit the books! 
Finally got to read more of my book, but now I'm sad cuz there's only one more book in the series. 
@GGGKeri otherwise I will look into it..I just don't really have any health related books. 
keep reading... 
Awww...while i wuz txting hershey (my kitty) sat on my book  but omg he is sooo cute
I have no more books to read 
@mazebr The reality of book publishing is there are many months between end of writing and final printed book on bookshelf 
I want to color. But i don't have any good coloring books. 
@ohheygirl My magazines haven't even been forwarded yet. 
This goes down in my book of day's I do not like 
I'm suppose to be working on my book. . .but i'm not motivated. . 
@uberjam sorry  I have exhausted my resources (BookPeople nerds) No luck. If you find out, let me know!
@KenjiFinster all my unread books are stored in my laptop these days 
So many books and not enough time to read :sigh: 
wishes murdoch lib allowed more books out for postgrads 
now it's my math book. everyone went back to london/wherevertheycomefrom for their holidays.  only me &amp; Chaserrr left.
@awildirishrose i'm jealous. i wish i had a nerdy book club to attend. 
mhmm readingg @LaurenConrad's new book L.A.Candyy. so far so good. onlyy one problem i have a bellyyache. 
Going to bed creeped out because of the book im reading  lol just great.
Reading breaking dawn man it is hard to get through this book. I am still on page 195 out of 754. 
@ThePISTOL You're going to get so many scrap books now. Thanks for ignoring my tweets btw 
has a colouring book anyways, so it's all good.   
reading doraemon comics over and over again . im doing it just because im so boreeeeed . uhh 
Where's a good book when you need one ? 
@gulpanag I saw it today. I saw your tweet as soon as I returned from the cinema. It is good, but many book details are skipped 
off school sick  need to finish my english story but i've lost my english book 
@puina my least favorite books were poa and dh, i just could not get into them. 
 i lost my book while i was sleeping. who does that?!
graphic novels cost a bomb 
thinks she needs to do some reading.. lots to do for dissertation... 
is so tired from answering the whole Chapter 1 of our new accounting book  i need some rest.... (LOL) http://plurk.com/p/11xl8t
I've read the book twice and understood it perfectly well, yet I have absolutely no idea what's happening in the tv adaptation! 
@unterekless I understand...I have two bundt pans and a awesome cook book however...desserts anymore are once in a blue moon...  
has a hard workout, and sleepy when start reading book 
i am disappointed, my favorite piece from the j.crew look book is not only $795 but doesn't even come in my size.  
@DitaVonTeese to write a book. But they suck  so i'll settle for a journalist 
I miss my bookshelf 
Loves her budgeting book. I just wish it was bigger so I could spend more. 
why does @MandyyJirouxx get to hang out w/ @asher_book &amp; @wesleyadamquinn &amp; i don't? 
@hardeepdeepdeep Nooooooooooooooo! why is there no book signings in glasgow ?! 
I think there is a misprint in my math book 
I'm so stuck with my own book. I know what I want it to be about, but writing it.... 
This film is all wrong... trying not to compare it to the book, but it's difficult. 
@Hewbacca that truly sounds like the title for a book, you could make millions ! 
@smalfoyblack I started a novel length fic a couple of years ago (wow already??) but didn't finish 
@feliciaday I've never seen an author that would fit on my bookshelf, it was made for books, not people. 
sorting books and movies to pack... 
Updating while driving = unedited prose. 
can u believe $43 to send 4 little books to argentina 
@nikkinizzle @allshallfade I am totally impartial to that book. I don't get the love or the hate. 
@kurly519 I want to go to the library!!! 
Revising physics  I want a new book to read, any recommendations?
i've lost my awesome list of books, i had to borrow out from the library for fun reading during this break!  i don't know what to do now
just remembered I left my book downstairs  f word
@kevindclxvi I am expecting a call about how amazing the book is ;) lend me wolf at the table 
at my mom's bookstore for a booksigning  boring  the old guy who wrote the book looks a bout 110
wishing he was in a fairy tale book... 
@bambitron I'm working on my book right now. I don't think I saved any of those convos 
they don't have the book in stock 
@wilw I just got a kindle, and now you're making me feel like I'm going to close all the bookstores 
got a lot done today... i think i'm going to relax a little and watch inkheart!! even though i still haven't finished reading the book 
nixing the movie, going to read a book instead, then pass out. work at 9 
wants there to be a published version of the 5th twilight book 
I hate when books make me cry 
just found out that my favourite fic only has 2 chapters left 
now I have silverfish feeding on my precious books 
mourning the loss of my old mac book.  Things haven't been the same since my old hard drive dies &amp; got replaced 
@thepetshopboy i cried when he opened the book &amp; saw their photos as a couple. i had no idea it would affect me as much as it did either! 
I feel like a tweaker. its 2:30 and I'm like scrubbing every surface in my room. i want to colorrr! i need a coloring book 
@aschernathan You misunderstand. I didn't really consider the title - was trying to give you a cheering song and a book you might like 
@camiknickers  Still, free books though.
@ddeenniissaa den me miff you den,im stuck with calculator and my books 
@josieboy i use my books  there ruined
is finished reading old texts, and the train hasn't moved for fifteen mins 
chapter 6!  you?
def. didnt know u need tickets for a book signing.  seriously Fml.
Revising Chapters 2 and 3. 
@brettnolan I haven't read book 7 for a while, but I remember feeling the same...I wish there were more than 7 books! 
@screwzluse yea I didn't read one page of the book 
@rustyrockets Isn't it a shame i couldn't buy your book 
Volenteering @ the library 
I think I'm blocked again... when am I going to finish these book??? 
@markanthony83 i heard it goes down in there! lmao @nicolemarie21o coloring books!! awwww i &lt;3 coloring books!  fail!
i cant believe i have to do a summer project    book report  
same co-worker who left me coffee also left me a stack of docs the size of 4 yellow pages books. nothin is free 
@mstohl @kamigarcia All of the books you have given away I have already read, 
so a delivery attempt of my book was made but i missed it. now i will be picking it up at ups but NOT until 7:15 pm 
i am completely incapable of reading more than one book at a time! does this make me a bad book girl? im just not good at it! 
oh damn! i just dropped a thick book on my little tooee  - it hurts soo baad!
No electricity!  and my mac book is almost dead...
More in those last 10 pages than some other times in the book. I did cry a lot reading the rest, but a LOT in the last 10 pgs.  great book
i'm slipping on my reading. i should def be on chapter 8 of obama's book. i'm on at the third chapter 
i don't like poems! 
@nothinbutsmiles chambana is good. my internship is even better. and i just submitted some of my manuscript to a publisher! running is 
@ingridz3 I donated a book at the show in fairfax     plus i just got an email from B_club that my shirt was never shipped and they are
is cold and bored and can't get into her book 
I really shouldn't be crying this hard over a book 
Right now I have ~50 new books, ~15 in a &quot;shortlist&quot; to read -- but the books I *want* to read I had to return to the library this week. 
Is going to curl up in the bed and watch 1408, since she just finished her book.. 
Is going to curl up in the bed and watch 1408, since she just finished her book.. 
I regret that I must put down my book and go to bed   I was so into it too but I am seriously lacking in the sleep department
i just finished lauren conrad's book and enjoyed it 
@nclark2 I have most good stuff in ebook form, but I just can't bear to part with actual books. 
http://twitpic.com/7vncv Should I get my palm read???? Ahhh I'm scared to find out. 
I broke my date with the book &amp; bed to clean kitchen &amp; fold laundry &amp; missed interesting convo about books and bugs 
I wish I had a mac book pro and windows 7 and a new truck 
going back from vacation, I have no book to read. 
@DanellD lol I do all the accents when I read a book. 
reading virtual pages 
is sat at church wishing I had a music book with me 
at home watching shark tale, while sneakily really reading my book!!! off out soon though, missing paddy as usualtho 
@JohannaBD I don't dare see the movie, in case it's not as good as the book 
close the book,, and start thinking abt him..  miss u so
i want to go and buy the next book in the series but i am not going to buy it till i do all my homework. sometimes self control sucks 
Not doing well today, I finished a great book, but now realise I forgot to get up and send a parcel AND i have cleaning still to do 
apparently omeone contacted hmv and they arent adding any more signings  hope they cme here for book signings!
@sabrinajonas that book is so sad 
this book is terrible  im used 2 reading all  make believes and the teenage love stories. i thought belonging was bad but ugly is tragic!
I want a coloring book  it'll keep my mind off the pain.
@uncleo reading = so far 
My publisher and I still far apart. I'm looking for a 5 figure advance. They're still refusing to read the manuscript 
at the library 4 sum peace n quiet....got online course n a thesis to do 
I can't believe I forgot my magazines at home...I had stuff do with those books today 
the fact that my brand new photoshop book got bent in my bookbag is making me sad, but i'll have to survive 
@orentodoros - Beware all articles say the changes they made in the movie took out everything that made the book as amazing as it was. 
@dkwknight. Not nice!   Girls and I are at the pool. I have a book from months ago who's last couple chapters need to be read.
I found the record label book! I want it &lt;333 its $22. I dont have $22 
@AbbieandBrian oh i've got that book! will's brother gave it to me i think, but no i haven't gotten around to reading yet 
@khouryrt I love dexter too. Just finished reading the first book too, no longer have sky so not seen any of the 3rd season 
hates when a really good book ends 2 soon... 
I need less mainstream books @sexidance    http://twitpic.com/7y41w
@GloriaOliver I missed meeting her  I've only read one of her books and I wanted to get the second weather warden book for her to sign
I could listen for ages when my friend reads out a book to me... awesome... but now he fell asleep...  ;)
move on he's just a chapter in the past don't close the book just turn the page  the most i try to forget you the most i remember you 
@drrarepearl83 lemme guess, you only need 1??  haha same here I need to buy a 10 dollar book of stamps for just 1 
Borders doesnt hire under 18 cause they sell adult books. How unfortunate 
@scraplady2005 well did they come out with the book? Lol. I am so sorry u didn't get to meet him  I feel bad- damn those girls!
@asher_book a reply from you would mean the world. I've been trying to get a call back from you guys for almost 7 months now, no luck 
@asher_book shout out please??  I freaking love lovestruck and you!!
@jackgraycnn The book....oh the book made me shed many, many tears 
My bed is littered with papers and books. I feel so stressed 
is gonna go get his book out of the car since he can't go see steph 
i hate doing essays. 
i finished my book. now i have nothing to read 
reading a book drinking wine listening to kyxi after a long day of moving back in with mike.. Chops has already become more independent 
wathcing taiwainese drama....I probably should start reading some books already   Don't wanna sleep. else, my nose will get stuffy again
is planning to celebrate magazine day...have to clear atleast 25-30 magazines 
I`m still stuck at chapter 1 
Too many books to read 
Needs a book for his portfolio, but they're mad expensive 
the book ends so sad. i never thought about an ending like this 
I haven't read chapter 8. 
@babygirlparis http://twitpic.com/7x6w9 - you're my role model ! the only one! love you so much..wish you could sign my book  in Vienn ...
@chapter42 It would be great if it actually worked 
yay i have more chibi vampire to read but ive nearlly finished  the book 
@HeartMileyCyrus i've never read the book  but yes, there were liters of tears in my eyes when i saw the movie. same with the notebook
I hate performing arts log books  and evaluations....    I'm in need of a oreo mcflurry!
Headed to work  no longer carrying any twilight books cuz I finished the twilight series...  bring on the movies...
there's this book I wanna buy but its always sold out! whoever keeps buying the last copy, you're a total FAIL! 
catching up on reading...no more naps 
@AndrewJParker ... sir, I still await a book from you 
@mermhart My usual response to duff films is to suggest the book was better - but since they ran out of those years ago, I'm out of luck. 
studying organic in the library! 
just once i want a movie to do the book justice 
@BabyKittyBitch Now, what am i going to call my memoirs 
doing a 700 hundred page history book  (half way through)
@thewbdotcom rachel  and tobias. i still have my animorphs book club necklace. not that i ever wear it...umm...yeah.... *cough*
our library here is very outdated 
They took all the good parts of the book out of the movies Angels and Demons. 
i am excited for 'my sister's keeper' to come out as a movie. amazing book...made me so sad at the end. 
@LaurenConrad: the nearest barnes and nobles is already out of your books &amp; they just got their shipment in this morning 
@kol1986 your bored I'm doing book keeping 
I should've brought a sudoku book 
just finished reading eclipse..and ahh it was extremely sad!! 
Finally tested a recipe from one of my foodie mystery novels ... end result ... average  ..now time to relax
 i might not walk and go to the dance. if you dont have all your books turn in you cant :'(
Why do these people insist on giving me assignments? I know they see my book on the table. I have more interesting stuff to be doing 
@hannahnicklin Also individual book-binding is hella expensive 
120 pages in my new book! i need to go to verizon and fix my worthless phone. work at 3 
So I ordered the next two books for a series I am reading..and the third one came before the second...ugh.  Can I read out of order?  
@LaurenConrad lauren i missed your book signing in naperville, chicago 
front desk duty again and I forgot a book again  
I really would like a book to read! 
*yawwwwwn* needs to start reading 
i have just finished reading the book theif. aww  i didn't think the ending would be so sad! i loved it though xx
Doesn't read books anymore. . . 
fuming that someone tore pages out of a library book 
going to workout then begin reading apush book 
awww only two hundred pages left to the book I am reading 
im going to go to the library, after unsucessfully looking for free books to read online 
good books have split up 
@holyfuckballs  and all you got was a wonky picture of a book 
Just finished my book cried so much like a loser hahaa its so sad 
JPOD is as funny as the book, but I had managed to remove the placenta lasagna from my sub-conscious, now that babys back with avengence 
i'm wondering why taylor lautner (and not robert pattinson) is on the latest book cover for new moon 
@kalliedoscope i can barely remember hedwig dying  i really need a reread!
just spent over 200 dollars on 3 text books 
@TaylorCheese Is that the only one you know of? I know the library has one, but it's kind of slow. I wish Javaroma did still. 
on the porch with a book. feeling kind of lonely 
@CitrusFreak The library is sad 
Blitzing blogs, writing scrapbook, and lamenting the last few weeks ability to cloud my brain of all the inspiration for this book 
Not because I want my books pirated, but it's such a pin in the ass to have to repurpose/individualise ever freaking single letter 
omg this book is so sad 
Seriously. I can't put this book down... And i really need to go to bed 
Why do books build you up so high just to drop you in a climax worth a few editing jobs. 
enjoying the feeling that i have sent off my book to the editor! shame i've got such a huge amount of other work to do. 
Just sorting through my address books/contact lists. What a mess. 
@rewols kino no sale leh!! think only selected books... 
@stlxprincess it's prolly him, they didn't do what the book did for me 
@lunaqueen he couldn't come. He couldn't get the tome off. 
Just finished her book and is now bored on the train 
@SheScreamsOut I wish I had a good book to read 
:'( its so not fair why did she have to die :'( now im sat here crying at a book 
This is going to take a long reading. 
step away from my books  no wonder my books always getting missing
I like breakfast. I wonder if my financial aid will cover last semester's book bill so I don't have to pay it. I don't think it will. 
yeah! got my ebook of the secret! can;t buy the book for now 
@foofly: Blocked. All the usual warez eBook haunts aren't playing ball either 
haven't got any inspiration for the new story  has anyone an idea? book title is: candle light music
hopefully reality will kick in and i will pick up a book.  so many excuses, so many miles away.
So sad that the book store isn't open for me to get a sweet tea. 
@tinuolavictoria you're fucking lucky! here no magazines talks about them 
i want to buy the book sooooooooooooooooooooooo bad 
I want to go to the library, but it's too stinking hot out to ride 
stupid stupid stupid library... dosent have the book i want  how lame is that?
@aaminahh I'm excited about the books you received too! 
reading fanfiction. possibly going to get myself a piece of toast. 
@blueaero ooo it's fantasy?  i like fantasy novels   will check it out
Finished my book-onto #4 now 
The essays are finished and I'm going hoooooooooome 
My sister is currently telling me how 21 year olds should be at the bar, not reading books. Maybe I'll take a book to the bar with me 
@nicolerichie yes I had all the books as a child 
@LdyDisney I want that in writing - like maybe a personalized signature in your new book... 
reading writing and CP'ing 
Just finished reading this book for a second time 
i am headed to bed... finally... these books are sooo addicting, like stride gum... lol   it's only 2:15am lol i might get 6hrs  lol
@epi_longo yes, my thesis is named after that book 
@therealnph yeah, cool bookshelves I've got the one with the various books that are pinned to the wall 
@xhelloxgoodbyex ahhh i love it  the books are so good can't wait for new moon.
@ABIBAN do one of you &amp; your most favourite book.  eating galaxy is optional 
@AlisonJayne82 I'm such a closed book 
@tommcfly I didn't boys too could get addicted to these books so easily lol 
@omgsarahsays when are you selling the miley book 
@zen_habits Effed liked your book too  http://effedifiknow.posterous.com/book-review-the-power-of-less-leo-babauta
@Framusic thiis is a really an amaziing book love you guy 
Some people say they are not fond of reading. I say they haven't found the right books 
@tomcfly you will love eclipse it sooo nice i love the twilight series the books are better as the films really 
@ruhlman anxiously awaiting your book! 
just melted choccie  listening to crude vce literature 
#cflsc1 enough of the shameless book plug 
@PublishingGuru how many do I need?  I just started a new series with around 10 so far, previously have hundreds stored away in old books
I've been writing so much lately, maybe I can write a book from all these ramblings 
I love a good book 
@teachingisfun I finished the book. I guess being stuck in traffic worked out for me. 
p.s. @TobyDiva is one of the smart folks - I will totally be buying her book when it comes out! 
okay reading my new jodi picoult book and bedtime. 
@thebookmaven Thanks  A bunch of book blogger are reading for 24 hrs!  #readathon
so today sometime i would like to get 2 new books, haunted &amp; the reader. 
And now I can't wait to go home to start reading the book I borrowed from @leonniefm 
@LilyLRatliff congrats on the gigs! and the book sales  feel free to contact me anytime.
@josianna   You could write a book with a story like that 
just woke up.  about to eat and read the sixth harry potter book.
@princessmaria no fear - i have read all the books 
Just sold our first book of the day! 
@BookstoreDeb And the authors love you for it! 
Someone should make a film about books that have adventures and talk to eachother only in sentences the book containes 
Just brought 2 The it girl books from ebay 
@BeautyandBrkdwn thinking about a gris grimly scene @neilhimself uses him for his books sometimes. 
should probably go to bed now and need to do coursework tomorrow, but yay new book soon! 
@briancray Yay... the book gets closer..  
@ManuelaW they are fantastic books! one of my favourite series 
Settling in with my book.  
@benforta haha. thank you! I wish I had of bought your book 4 weeks ago. very handy. 
@THEsaragilbert  read a boring book  
@LesleyChang What kind of books are you selling? 
im not crazy.just tired. that is why i will sleep.and then shove my face in a book 
@noirem I read it a long time ago but I don't have a copy of the book.  Where is this store of yours? 
@loic Here's the book http://tinyurl.com/3xxqtd and you positively have a room reserved for you here at all times 
Reading haiku poems 
is sitting at her computer reading breaking dawn. I'm seriously addicted to this book at the moment 
@berrydelicious oo we the book club lol) already came up with 3 possible senareo's 
is goin go to the library tomoz to do some learing 
@yatii congrats on almost finishing the book  #readathon
Just wrote a first chapter that I'm quite chuffed with 
@ellemartens i would love to see some of your writings  i think you're a great writer for what i can judge!
going to the library 
@blondechicken  what cu reading?
reading jasper's psychology books 
will now start catching up on some reading. 
@tommcfly twilight the book is awesome ,will buy new moon when i have finished it .what other books are you interested in ? hope your ok 
@ThePISTOL I love to read! What books are you reading? 
loving the book recommendations from @fashion_victim 
@lapsedcannibal that almost sounds like it could be the title of a new comic book series 
@polydramatica i love poems! is it somewhere online so that i can read it? 
crackin open the bio text book. gayyy. doctors was good 
@razzberrymomma That's the kind of book I want to write. You can be my first customer  I want to create a series so its not just a 1 off.
too stupid smashed my book :/ christopher is wrinkled 
Anyone know any good books that aren't fantasy or for learning  ?
lol to the guy who started telling me how bookstores are a dying institution as he buys a book 
books, photograph, music, writing... much more 
@tuxradar I will be more than happyto be the someone else to get a free book 
in library with hollie and jonny 
now i'm off to the library. 
@wadeis @nom_de_guerre thankyou thankyou thankyou for my letter! Or rather, many many letters - in a book  A fantastic resource
@Gailporter never judge a book by its cover 
going to barnes and nobles.  yay books
reading stories in http://fmylife.com freak me out. lol. but i enjoy reading it. 
@Magicmarker78 yay! That's a turn up for the books. She sounds adorable, and you can't fault her logic. 
going to the library to meet with my grouppp. then trying to get some foood. 
going to a book launch....hope it has good finger food..! 
@ManuelaW yes! I really enjoyed it  I thought you were talking about the book that was based on..  I'll get something out of the library
what you saw on that book it's not about you girl, I wrote better things about you 
books used to be written...now the verb is populate 
@cupcakebabe ooo, I have the hummingbird book - scrumptious! You'll love it! 
@fyrret give you what? i assume you are talking about The Book Thief 
reading twilight! 
@fieryeyed i am excited to see you!   i'm still completely loving my print from you and the book. have a wonderful weekend, xo
Looking at really cool antique books and i want one 
i love spaces on mac &lt;3 especially when writing an essay and reading an e-book and online 
@ScottEmpringham Yes, an amazing book.  So many inspiring books and not enough hours in the day, lol.
read my fanfictions 
hoping can buy some new books 
going to apple store to purchase 17' mac book pro 2morrow 
@smilinggal so wht did u study fiction/non-fiction or med books 
@tommcfly http://twitpic.com/2y9c6 - omgosh !! that book is awsome !!!!  now I love u more 
@Phooto sounds like a good guide book Phoooooto 
@wycats I'm tracking what's happening with your book too, already paid for 
@LordBlackadder neither did I before reading that 
about to do emmas awesome book.. yeah man, i finally got a book.. get ready for its awesomeness 
@cyrusxfann you should buy mileys book. its really good 
sitting in sun reading @hotpatootie book! lovely  but really should be working.
@isla_fisher haha! Confessions was just hilarious!! I just lovedd it! But honestly, the book was wayy better. It was a good movie. 
Writing a fiction. It's so funny 
reading... 
@triviasue it gets easier, it's really a great program, now that i'm used to it, i like it better than Audacity 
@timhurson I will look for your book 
free comic book day.  yay
@LeafyVC lol, that's great  what cookbook is that?
... right after I hit up free comic book day.... 
I got the graveyard book 
@bartnederveen Or you could just check out http://readernaut.com/jeffsimons/books/ and see for yourself 
@Dunndertaker free comic book day... That should suck one. 
@marxculture how novel 
@tyrese4real   besides ur start into making ur own comic book, are u dreaming 2 play a character from comic books?? ( black panther  )
is up early (well for me) and ready to hit the books again 
Decided to curl up in bed with a book and then fall asleep  Yay for books/relaxing.
Crayons now out again, but only being used on the colouring books 
@ahphoto It was good, I think, go watch it  There were some holes though that would be filled if I were up on my comic book reading.
reading 'untamed' . afk 
oh! &amp; i found my text book under the mattress, I forgot I put it under there because the front cover had a bent.  xox
@hundreddollar It may be three thumbs down, but the font joke automatically wins it on my book 
Reading twilight. It's a good book 
Doing some book reviews hope to finish it now 
@SusefromPeaSoup  hahahha its poetry isn't it 
@blinkdira I couldn't agree more! Yayy bookworms! 
received new books from amazon.com about design patterns for my fellow 
@patkiley4 good verse 
Just bought that psychic birthday book thing. 
@joeymcintyre wondering how the song writing is going.  I write too-childrens books.  Not sure what to do with them as I finish them. 
@roshidoshi My mother also keeps a record of the books she reads. And, believe it or not, she reads more than I do! 
and those weren't scanlations either! (well, apart from vols 6  &amp; 7 of chobits). yay for buying manga! 
@fabulouslorrain your day and a good romance novel? 
@bethanyactually This is the book: http://tinyurl.com/c8y93m We will be attempting every recipe, in order. No rules other than that! 
just finished reading my book  going to get ready for church...
@sharonluvscats yes I remember that judy blume book! 
I'll go back to reading my book 
@1critic LOL. In one of his interviews, he said he had to restrain himself from reading any of the fanfics 
I have to go get ready for lunch and a movie. I hope no one was offended or hurt by my comments. We are all saints &amp; sinners in my book. 
Book shopping @ flea market! Anyone want me 2 look 4 smth 4 em just txt me 
going to give best friend about 7 books of moleskine for her trip to germany for next semester. she is quite thrilled aobut that. 
@jessnaz13 are you talking about free comic book day? 
@postsecret A sixth book already? yay 
*sign in phantom* &quot;comic books. They're not just for boys&quot; man I love comic books 
@jenhs glad that your runs are going well.   I love the moeben sleeves they are da bomb in my book.
Working on my book review 
@michaeldiaz I'll come over and bring a coloring book with me 
@takahashim Have you really get the book? I have requested to amazon.co.jp, but no response has come yet. I'm looking forward to read it. 
in bed, reading.  soo exhausted.
reading nube 
http://twitpic.com/4ixqd - The comic book wall of my bedroom. 
@jeetsin Where are you printing/binding your book? 
Weekend is over back to work, just bought dragon software should be much easier to edit my book some more also my wife's book too. 
just re arranged his bookshelf 
@angiasaa of course i know the song, who doesn't!  those songs are timeless! hows your book writing coming in?
@KatieAlender ooh which two books did you buy? 
love for vintage books...old books shopping this morning 
is snuggled in bed reading 
Going to bed  how's ever reading this
@JaimeMcKnight too late!  already finished the chapter and posted it!  
@stillsafe Lol read me like a book 
(bye) plurk out muna. will be back when im done reading the book  http://plurk.com/p/rq9c7
bought three books!! yipee!!  now who's with me on that read-ten-books-during-the-summer thing?
@frostedfroslass bahaha.... tax folder and phone books, they have such double meanings 
$67 for my books, no complaints. 67 more than i had plus i'm on book voucher! 
why me? i am about to read another ecology book for two hours. its all good fun today 
finished the book... vat a good book &lt;3333 
@ncarcadio congrats on your new mac book air! 
@nsharm75 thank you for reading Ohlala 
Working on several book projects that are due to be released within the next few months.  I need an extra pair of hands!  It's all good...
@DJSpencer19  true. i think its important 2 be sensitive 2 it when we relate 2 others. empathy. a reminder we cant judge a book by a cover
@bumblebeex0 awesome! maybe someday I'll find a book of yours on the bestsellers list? lol 
@konghee It's allright pastor, jiayou for the book!! 
around, reading, bed. 
sad that borders did not have guerrilla gardening book but otherwise a most lovely relaxing day 
final one, over. only one more and two pages of an essay left 
I love my memories. It's almost like re-reading my favourite book all over again 
@NikkiBenz There is a cool scene at the end that ties in with another Comic Book movie. 
@The_jimski .....in my book, yes 
the poetry event was a success. I don't think I ever really thought that my poetry could connect with others. heartache is universal 
Laying in bed with a book &amp; some beautiful music.  thank you kaki &amp; nicholas sparks.
watching the movie 1984 for my book report  im lazy to read
forcing myself to watch the movie 1984 for my book report  im lazy to read
@bluecat7  i definitely will , although with the caveat  that i normally only read non fiction..but have more in recent years read novels 
@azdog they already are in my books 
juz donated books/mags 4 charity. Not only do I feel good but it gave me a good workout from all that heavy lifting 
@LaurenConrad do you know when your first book will be published in germany?I want to read it  i hope everything is fine in your life
give me an example of a movie adaptation that's better than the book. All suggestions welcome, i'm curious 
is not moving herself from the flat,,shall burry myself in a good book and do some yoga 
Books that were, no doubt, written with me in mind.  
reading eclipse, need to finish it 
off out in the garden to chill start a new book 
@JoshHalliday  I've been planning a series of novels on a coffeehouse theme -- think I'll add a twist.  
@jeremycshipp I don't have anyone for you to follow, but wondering if you'll be doing a tour for your new book? 
@dylynndesaint librarians?  you wrote a story about librarians??? 
so excited to turn calc books back in tomorrowww!!! 
ok back to editing my book...more tweets later 
@txrocks75 prolly my least favorite book of all. lets get us some lunch and compare gripes. 
i signed up for the newsletter at www.darkregions.com so i can get discounts on my fav books 
@carlybish oh goodness, i love those books.  and don't ever see the movie...it is terrible.  it's good you're reading the books instead. 
reading seventeen.  then sleep.
@summergurl81 about the essays, come online!! 
@Deltavogue It was a good read. 
Catching up on some reading 
@FurnitureQuest ditto on the whole book bed cave thing. books are a personal fetish of mine, as well!  
@ex0h13 I've been thinking about going to that. I loved the book 
finally i have my replica of death note book..  my mom bought it for me.. im so happy ..
Apples is a strange but really good book. 
@deannatroupe I think it'd be wrong of me to not have a book- my stories are  2 goofy! 
@MaikalX some literature can act as a guide line in live and if u can relate then fine, if u can't then this book is not 4 u 
@lauriepuhn Thanks! You know, you should write a book about this stuff.  
@nikkiwoods Morning and you need to write a book! lol  you hve great advice
@toniandrews I was just wondering if there were any novelists on here!!! 
finally got around to @wossy s book, REALLY enjoyed it 
in canadian literature, not paying attention and reading a book 
@Relucs takes me longer to read a book than to sniff one! 
I wish every job were this easy...sitting at the parent's store, drinkin green tea and reading a book!  
I desperately need a new book to read!  Any suggestions?  (not twilight)  
&amp; @heiiidiii are at the library 
Angels and devils was an amazing movie... Now to start reading the book 
@brianna_nicole1 today i just found out that i had won a gift bag that has that book in it 
angels and demons-&gt; pretty decent movie.          the book is still better 
@Grimloche I bought most of them  But it's cool cuz I can read them on the compy as well as the book. I'm starting on that series next
Nothing like a good book, pajamas and a hot chocolate 
@melchapman  ;D i will go find the book !  and send it to you on msn algood ?
@kkateface, i found some old coloring books in my room. we should color tomorrow. 
Finally getting back on top of my FanFiction reading! 
@tiarafranks lol burn your books then tell her you lost them  @thamburgs come on msn.
@helenthornber Have you thought about the next book yet? 
@vampirefreak101 I'm going back and forth with the book I'm trying to finish and the fanfic I'm writing. And yes, they're all cute! 
@Stefffles lol ok but it's still a good book 
The fabulous thing about books is that it's so easy to bring them along (almost) where ever you go 
@wyrm11268 I know that  but it would make me so happy to get one. It would mean more than just buying a book
just got home, reading my new book 
reading a fic its good 
@jeyowenji it was alright. I give it a 3.5 out of 5. Haha. But would like to read the book now. 
just got here at netshop from watching Angels and Demons..  good adaptation but lots of veering away from book.  3.5 of 5 for me
outside,reading my book in the sun 
@lebrun an african thumb piano from popsicle sticks?  made one when I was a kid from Childcraft books.
@WesWeiss I want to watch it too never read the book tho  the trailier looks good but then the trailers always look good
is watching supernanny and reading fanfic 
@Amaniix3 oh mansfield park is a great book... enjoy it 
Going to the bookstore - just because I can 
@merchantofmagic I do remember my first magic book... It taught me how to walk through a post card... I still love showing that one 
It's a perfect day to sit outside and read a book 
@labeet it was good and she will be sending me a pre-print copy of one of her books which is always cool  the coffee however was poo :/
found the 5th twilight book online 
@markhneedham Is it a book that has lots of code or diagram? i.e. can i read it on kindle? 
@laurengio i have finished twilight... and i hope it will appear other books  which are you reading now?
is editing my book.  I just finished it!  i had no idea how many editing mistakes there were! lol
@aliceteh  I hope you're able to catch up on your book's reviews today! But have plenty rest up! 
Outside reading...hopefully I don't get burned again! 
@SkullyVanTerror I have a book you can read if you're really bored 
I'm ashamed to admit that I missed out on the #AngelsAndDemons movie coming out, going in to sit it now, thinking of reading the book 
@justcallmetiff I read the book (angels and demons)...i prefer always the books...I'm neeerd i do 
cool! Neil Gaiman reading The Graveyard Book   http://bit.ly/9f0aD
@PhilippaJane  you might as well ask the writer to write a whole new chapter
@daver we can even save you a few bucks on admission. Book your flight now! 
looking up books. why? cause i'm awesome like that. 
reading 
@OweeW but i told her i wanted to be a geographer so im in the good books.what do you think of her?? 
Yay I finished another book. I am on a roll 
books her L's finally 
23 pgs into my first attempt at a novel or something like that... also working on a senior thesis due in a few hours... procrastination 
@kristineclaire a good book or a hardbound journal! haha 
reading stories at candymag's teentalk 
Morning @Mangowe, like the book review with the damning finale 
@jojoxx books, they're the future 
@steeph and books don't carry virusses 
@medypuff lol shhhhhhh haha tis was good  but i must say that i prefer the books anyday x
@PeopleEater yeah the book was amazing! Lol 
How i wish #SidneySheldon wrote all my textbooks! I'd own mu then 
Just got 17 books in the library sale for 1 pound 50! 
hey lily  i know your reading this 
just finished ready my twighlight books 
@ChrisDaCosta I agree, I suspect most of people who make one-phrase reviews for movies and book, never even bother to watch or read 
sending good vibes @ShaneusMaximus  reading my slash book 
http://www.thedontquitpoem.com/homePage.htm Here is something for poem readers 
@CourtneySit The book is 579 pages. I've only read 11 or 12 pages. This number will increase shortly 
wooo about to read my book 
@sandoi how many books did u buy from the fair? I went crazyy!! 
@JohannaBD yep the maid one...  maybe even a book title... lol 
just finished reading #six word memoirs 'not what I was planning' 
@TheDailyBlonde In my book it does...but as a mom, we have another 20 hours to put in. 
just bought a new book 
@100_indecisions eeep, i want to read that book -now-. 
@danasargent can't believe there was an earthquake while you are there! this is going to be a trip for the record books  
i love this book 
@kwidrick not sure if you are reading a kids book or reporting on the weather! 
@mitaliperkins Me too!  It's a great book. 
@EmmaJaneR what do you like about the book? (in 140 char ;-) and... used books are your friend! 
@grahamhill so, you are going to make read a book to see which of the three questions it is?  (thanks, will look it up)
@lettersoflove great idea! music is a very good one. a good book to dive into is another 
@todayshow if i had my schetch pad and a book absolutely  all i need is soemthing to do and it's not a problem 
@veschwab Isn't it funny how TANTALIZING and SPARKLY that new book is when you can't work on it yet? 
Everyone, could you please advise a good book on symbolism.  Thanks in advance 
@Liiv7 comics r us on bourke st in city are good - packed with geeks but well it's a comic book store. They may be shocked to see girls 
@amf7 @GrrrlRomeo  me, I sort of came out to my family via email about 8 years ago.  Book clerks can tell because of what you're buying. 
@Zakupilot256 You tell your mom she is cool in my books. 
@alandavies1 well done on finishing the book. I look forward to reading it 
@shybutflyy, I know. just throw the book at me huh? 
@book_of_tea obecna  followana i followingujaca 
Thanks @zappos for sending over your culture book! You're one company we really look up to 
reading dolly and girlfriend mags with nikitaa 
wooooo only 2 chapters left to read of this book  then I can read coleen's book 
finished book 2. yey! 
@British_Lions Not sure he would like reading that 
@teknotrise 'iPod for Dummies'?? What more can the book teach apart from joggin' the wheel &amp; clicks. 
@HAMMER32 it is my fav book 
@JasonBradbury  ...surely the second book is called 2.0 ??? 
@AnuAA  I am going home early .. still have a stack of unread books 
@huspata ahaa!! now thts a nice read 
@Maddork that is the best poem ever. no lie. 
Just bought some books, i havn't bought a book in i don't know how long...anxious for them to arrive now 
#FollowFriday @jayewells is a supremely gifted writer whose books &amp; Tweets are a fantastic read which you can't get enough of 
#FollowFriday @heatherbrewer is a genius writer whose every word is a gift to us all. You'll need her Tweets (&amp; books) like oxygen! 
halfway through the book and i can safely say that it's a good read. 
#FollowFriday @rachelcaine is a supremely talented writer whose books &amp; Tweets are addictive reading &amp; leave you wanting ever more 
@NickCifuentes no judgement! looked like a good read. just thought it was... interesting. 
@autom8 I went ahead and published your poems; hope you don't mind  http://www.escapeintolife.com/pages/poetry.php
reading a book 
@ChrisSamnee I penciled and inked 21 pages in a day for the Beowulf graphic novel at HarperCollins. Pages sucked, but still... 
@book_mom It's raining here, and I like it 
searching through borders for books to buy... 
@diefenbach I saw it w/ the wife. nevr read the book, so I liked it. She read the book &amp; hated it. O well! 
@softqual what's the subject of your book? 
@megcabot tell them you're a great writer, that your books make people want ro read more and more. 
@BrentDPayne could you bequeath your black book to me?  (via @awoods) -- not too many entries but sure!
finished the first book and off to buy the 2nd 
@nicosiaoceania uhm, because of the food he ate right? aww, you should buy your books already.. 
anyone have any good book recommendations? 
Trying to decide to finish a novel version of the last screenplay or start on the next screenplay... decisions, decisions.  
Dreams are illustrations about the book your soul is writing about you.               -marsha norwan-
@phrmrgrl4ever when will I have my book back? 
@nirrimi @mattcaplin  the two of you should write a book together. it would be beautiful 
otb harry potter and the deathly hallows, haha I just reached chapter 1, longlong way to go  but this is an amazing book! I ? reading it!
@mileycyrus You can read a book!  I do it when I cant sleep, do u have some good book? 
@PandaMayhem  I'm hoping that maybe i'll get to be a book drive volunteer.
At the library... wow I'm cool 
reading and sleeping. again. 
@orangy68 perhaps should modify question to 5 books to take? 1st person I know so far that has said all books. You interesting fellow 
@upscale ...like living here to actually see and learn what they are  Other than that, consume as much as you can, blogs, movies, books...
I love when authors put past characters in new, un related books. 
@katfishh tje great gatsby is probably my favorite book ever 
@Idoby2 excellent idea! I will add it to the list.. We have laminted some and made a book out of them, but never thought of placemats 
getting wrapped up in some fiction 
@PrincesssRosiee A series of books 
i should continue editing his book.....but i'm hooked on this instead.. 
my new book on flemish painters is amazing! 
@frozenlilacs The audio books are awesome  'read' it instead of watching for sure!
I'm writing a book. I've got the page numbers done. 
@koshian your book was taken by @nazroll and he updated  http://socialbookshelf.org/node/94
finally ! im done reading ... 
@sammycocochanel lol goood  it just took me 40 minutes to fix up my history book ..
JUST started my book report.... haah 
just finished memoirs of a geisha... so good 
@nextread I think web story suits some genres more than others. I DO also write books  http://bit.ly/1acLWp
going to read my twilight book that i got 30% off at walmart 
@amber_benson Just ordered you're book....looking forward to reading it 
@_Jannika huuuunnnggrrryyyy i've been at work and reading my book. ben steezy's bout to go grab some food 
reading a new book.. 
I thot fiction writing only had the one space too.  @LorelieBrown ...twitter and fiction...keep dropping one of the spaces after periods.
