Most common words for this cluster:
[('bored', 544), ('work', 67), ('home', 40), ('mind', 32), ('hell', 24), ('nothing', 24), ('day', 19), ('today', 17), ('someone', 16), ('school', 15), ('something', 14), ('death', 13)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Bored', 0.9972352385520935), (u'bored', 0.5716651678085327), (u'Tired', 0.5468367338180542), (u'Forgetful', 0.4868031144142151), (u'Interminable', 0.4813408851623535), (u'Sloshed', 0.48052534461021423), (u'Couch_Potatoes', 0.47977977991104126), (u'Unfunny', 0.468120813369751), (u'LunchTimeWaster', 0.4671642780303955), (u'Bitching', 0.4668337106704712)]





Bored from doing homework  What is pingping doing?
italian lesson now! Bored! 
Bored  I think i may watch the dark knight.
Yay we won our debate... but now I'm tired... and Bored. And I'm weird when I'm bored... 
misses updating her calendar. Bored. 
Bored watching Law and Order. Wanting sunday to come now.  I need a good night out with friends.
Bored, watching the hockey game. BUS251 final at 8:30 tomorrow. 
Katie just went home  Bored now.
Bored  Going out tnyt  yay ! xx
Bored, just been blown off by the boyfriend, so he can go out with his mates :'( Gutted 
Bored at work. 
Bored. Stomach ache 
Bored  miss my boo 
 I'm Bored... Bored....Bored Again And Developing A Headache And I Want A Piece Of Carrot Cake mmm
Bored...Danica woke up at 4, now I can't go back to sleep 
At home.. Bored kinda depressed wondering why can't find someone who wants to be with him 
Bored shitless in re 
Bored so ready to go home and my day just started. 
Bored at school without emily  haha.
I'm a teacher again! Bored of it already 
Bored with wow  too hot to do anything.
Bored at work 
Bored as hell. 
Bored and no one to drive me anywhere 
Bored and lonely   
Bored out of my mind.. You know, I'm tired but I'm not, I'm hungry but I'm not, I need a smoke, but I have 2 left 
Bored  SHE says too much!
Bored outta my skull halo isn't even keeping me entertained 
I'm attending a vodafone mobile widget camp today. Bored, it starts an hour later than it said in the invite  Long live my KPN dongle :p
I'm attending a vodafone mobile widget camp today. Bored, it starts an hour later than it said in the invite  Long live my KPN do ...
My legs are bleeding.  Bored.
Bored... Hungry but don't wanna eat 
says Windy night alright!  Bored.......need accompaniment (cozy) &lt;----like this one... http://plurk.com/p/revu0
Bored @ the condo! Nobody is home 
Bored at work. How do u justified working on sunday? Its unfair i tell u. 
Bored today like 
Bored at work 
SomeBody Call Meh oSo Bored 
Bored  wish supernatural was on now.
Bored to death in math class! 
Bored at my dayjob. 
Bored to death, don't want to be in school right now. 
Bored out of my mind. Where's @shoolay? 
Bored out of my mind 
Bored n can't sleep someone please text me 
Bored. mouth is on fire. 
Bored missed most of rove  thought it was on at 9:30 guess ill hav 2 watch it on the internet thn
Beach. Surfers. Bored... I get cranky when I'm tired. And i've lost a contact lense 
Bored  nd a bit hungry sure ive got worms lol JOKE
Bored(!) i was supposed to be with my buddies today @ ozon. 
drinking tea, watching the rain.  These office windows really need cleaning.  Bored today 
Bored, and it's so hot 
http://twitpic.com/5582m - Bored to death 
Bored at work!  Blahhhhhh
Bored at mums work leaving school early isn't always that great how long til we go swimming? 
Bored at home with a bum ankle 
Bored! Hungry! And lonely! 
Extremely confused..Bored this beautiful night 
Bored. Can't sleep. Worried bout cayee. 
Bored now,  it's not the same after prom - makes everything else look dull!
doing surveys and not posting them, kinda makes me miss high school. Bored day at work 
Bored   shitless! WHy is everyone busy this weekend! 
With so much things to study and Bored!!! Wrong combination 
Bored ! and Really pissed off at some people who call themselves my friends ! 
Bored and in pain! 
Bored in LSC so i decided to keep you updated happy monday 
So Bored  i dont know how to work twitter!! help!! :L
- Is Extremly Bored In ICT ....,,,,, ...  Tired      ILoveYouBestfriends (:
So Bored now that Garrett left! 
Bored here without watching any tamil movies 
Bored at home, doing nothing on a friday night because of work the next morning 
Bored of my countdown now. 4 more hours in work   .
Bored I was doing my homework  booorring...
Bored again 
Bored;; my lip hurts 
Bored to hell with science revision  But on the upside....wait, there is no upside.
TIRED!! Majorly Bored of revision! 
Bored bed rest and no work sucks bad !!!!  I want to go back to life as normal btw my bros wedding rocked got so wasted bad move but fun!
Bored @ home- sux there's no more Grey's 
Punching keys at work! Bored to tears! 
My siblings left me alone.   Bored. (:|
Bored and lonely at work 
Bored out of my mind!  LOL
Bored to tears without my boys! They are at their dad's for a week 
@veddersgirl Will start tonight. Bored. Tired of waiting on Darkward. I am breaking up with him 
Bored and kinda lonely, my parents went up to the lake. I didn't have a friend to bring up so i knew i was bored and didn't go. 
Bored out of my mind. . . Really hoping I get put on the beta for the Agency. . . whenever the hell it comes out!  So far. . . Next year! 
@FakerParis Bored and I have to go soon 
Bored out of my gourd. If you're bored then you're boring?  
Bout 2 go visit somebody I haven't visited in awhile...only cuz I'm Bored!! Hahahaha Lol  I hate being bored cuz of things like dis!
Bored  ..I guess I'll go to bed. I need to be at work in a few hours.
Bored.. And twitters being gay 
Bored. There's nothing to do at 2:00 in the morning. 
It's 7:11am and i'm wide awake :| .. Bored  .x
Bored and depressed just had a bad leter from the bank!!!! 
Bored to death..wondering what to do..think i will stop procrastinating and start working on the review 
Bored sorting my things out I would much rather be enjoying the sunshine 
Bored today  like always
Still at work and we are now really quiet  Bored bored bored! Another 3hours to go 
Bored i guess nobody wants to swim today cuz the pools been open for a while and nobodys showin up 
Bored. Hungrey. Arghh this day has been crud 
Bored kind of slow day 
Bored! Watchin Dragonsden and wishin I was rich 
Bored to death!!!! So close yet soo far away 
Bored out of my mind,overslept so no bbq, and no one to hang with 
Bored and wonna get away from home  Grr
Bored...please call with plans for tonight before in die 
Bored  I need something to do. already finished all of the new anime this week
Bored I wanna go travel outside the state of Missouri but no idea where Id go so I guess I will just hang here 
Just got off work. Bored now 
Bored as hell 
Bored in my car and @livelikesin won't call me. 
Soooooooooo Bored need something to doooooooooo!!!    
Bored at the house 
All The Way Bored 
Bored at an old people parttyyyy 
Bored now 
Bored out of my mind. 
Bored; not in a good mood 
Bored at home on a saturday night!! 
Bored out of her mind... 
Bored! I look like an autistic!! I need somebody who loves me 
Bored,guess I'll have to talk to myself. 
Bored as hell  I'm always bored when there is nice weather!! Bored.
Bored at work 
Bored and lonely at the station... 
Bored out of my head!! Ahhh, there's nothing to do. And to make it worse, it's still raining. Geez, life sucks 
Bored at lax and missing my sister 
Bored at work 
Ugh  this sucks.....Bored.
Still working!!!! Bored out of my minddddd!!!! + the fog is such a downer!!! 
has caught the sun. Glorious weather. Bored as now though and hay fever/cold is driving me nuts. 
Bored, i need people to text! 
Bored  t.v is rubbish x
Bored stiil cant go no where &amp;&amp; muh boo had 2 leave me for work  at least im startin to feel better tho!
Bored as hell 
Bored at work. 
Bored watching tv 
At the mall. Bored. 
Bored as fuck  sum1 tweet me n justin 6 flags is a go!
Bored at work. 
Bored tired and stressed ! Needing money like everyone else 
Watching Early Edition. Bored 
Bored as hell 
Bored  Listening to music
Bored nothin to do its 10:03 and every time i type some thing the number in the coner get smaller..if it runns out how do i get it back 
Bored at home alone. I can't manage to get up on my own. I think I have to go to the bathroom, too. 
Bored  i should be sleep but i cant fall asleep  this is frustratin ugh
Bored causemy bestfreind isnt around to play with and im sad cause her grandma died thats why shes gone ! 
I'm here at home. Bored as hell! 
In Sydney, three hours into my journey. Bored and cheia de saudades. Bah 
Bored, I have nothing to do 
Nothing new. Bored 
Bored watching film about JFK film in history 
Bored waiting on the plumber, can't do anything until he's been  boooooo.
Bored bored bored... And just my luck bored.com doesnt work in my work 
Bored in advisory since i left my work at home 
eating siggy's, not tasting so good, but their coffee it Delicious. Bored already 
Bored of Exams........ 
Bored as crap in astronomy class. 
Bored at school while most of the country is off for summer  ugh 3 1/2 days left thank god
Bored as hell, getting enough of out here fuck i'ma leave that country soon... 
Bored in the library 
Bored at ma house, sick of the rain 
Bored, nothing on tv, nothing else to be doing, such a boring night 
Bored and want to go home... stuck here til 6 though.  
Bored as hell... 
Bored at home.. Raining for the past 2weeks 
Bored as hell, have nothin to do 
Bored outta my mind. i wish i found my camera 
Nothingggg , Bored outta my nut 
Bored...no sims 3 midnight release after all... Drivin to north Carolina tomorrow so can't buy it till later  o well...
Bored. Finishing up my poetry project.. Someone should call me 
@Wolfgang_ Bored.. Watching tv non stop.  no one home n I gotta starved.
Bored. I have workouts tommrow.. 
Bored. Tired. Summer School tomorrow.  This sux
Bored to death 
Bored! At work 
Bored in training , god I'd rather be back on the phones , or out in the sunshine , or a beer garden anywhere bt stuck in this class room 
Bored...still ill!  Really sunny outside! =+)
Bored at work! Haha I gotta close tonight too 
Bored in class 
Is Cannyy Bored 
@GABROCKIN4HIM I know I read it &amp; thats y I said y don't you know about it ? You saidit like you don't love us  jk I'm just Bored sorry !
Bored at work, save me! 
Bored!!! lol text if u wanna do something tomorrow. kinda feeling friendless today 
Bored... sitting around the house is no fun 
Bored!!! I guess I'll go to sleep... 
Bored out of my mind. 
Bored. Really fucking bored. 
Bored.. got no work today 
Ppppoke her face... Bored out at lunch with work people... 
Argh, what I can I do what can I do? Bored as hell 
Bored and preparing for court tomorrow 
Bored at the throught of even revising lool ... buh its gota be done 
Bored Shizzleless, gonna watch Enternal Sunshine of the spotless mind tonight... Internet's being rather slow today 
Bored, apathetic, probably other things.  http://ff.im/3AFk5
Bored and pissed off 
Bored.  I wish I had school so I would have something to do.
So Totally Bored 
 I'm So Bored It's Unbelievable 
So Bored 
Bored, wishing I had an exciting life.  Going to get on WoW and make myself feel better.
At work... Bored as fuck again especially when all my sexy black co workers keep gettin yelled at for talking to me 
Bored. i want to go to the beach. but its like an hour n half away. 
Bored, lonely, n missing friendly faces 
Sitting at the party. Bored waiting for kids to get here  text me...... Nmg &lt;3
Bored out of my mind 
Bored now. 
Bored...watching M*A*S*H...no movies today (jealous of @KarenAlloy). 
Bored at choir practice with Ivana 
Watching Family Guy. Bored 
Bored..  and alone 
Bored, gemma is at work, didn't get to go to the summer ball, all alone 
Bored, wish someone would skype me 
Bored @ wrk. I h8 fridays... The music blows balls!! 
Bored.. tj is sleeping I guess so I have no one to talk to 
@solangeknowles me too! Bored at home instead 
Bored, watching Enough. Missing my love 
Bored and not tired 
Bored  can't hang out wif them ;(
Such as uneventful day  painted a fence. Ate jack in the box. Bored 
Bored out of my skull. I can't write anymore! And, I've barely started 
Bored at home. If I had money I'd be at the city. 
Bored at work 
Bored, ill, lonered &amp; tired at trainin 
So Bored of revising 
Bored, was sewing but now RSI is troubling me 
Tweet tweet. Bored right now 
@_Dark_Lady Bored and gloomy. Also, annoyed with  the world for its suckiness. 
Bored at work on bathroom duty 
Bored and @kenseals is out riding with a friend.  Anyone want to hang out?
Bored doing my tons of laundry 
Bored at work! 
Home alone. In the rain. Bored. 
Nothing to do  Bored outta my mind.
Bored sad lonely unable to focus aaand wishing finals were over so I can just go home 
Ugh  at a family graduation lunch/dinner! Bored
Just woke up from a much needed nap! Bored and missing the guys terribly(nkotb withdrawls) ughh..this sucks!! I wanna see them again! 
I am Bored 
Sitting On This and Msn Bored 
Sitting at a lake. Bored to death. Family wanted to go fishing. No bites. 
Just got done @ the Whippers/Snappers munch. Bored + @ loose ends for a couple of hours. 
Bored as hell at work!! Scared to get demoted 
Bored out if my mind no money to go out and play 
Bored stuck at home  while hubby goes to the movies 
Bored. Slept most of the day. 
Bored out of my mind 
Bored without my boo 
Bored and stranded 
http://twitpic.com/6t94z - This is going to be me at work tomorrow. Bored 
Bored cause mikki left . 
Bored watchin shite! Thirsty nowt to dwink! 
Bored at work 
Bored, cant see videos or pics on my phone  entertain me...
I'm Signing out. Bored of siting alone wit none to talk.. 
Bored!: I am bored of delhi. I am bored of delhi. I am bored of delhi.  http://bit.ly/dkC9k
Bored as ! Quite tired as well school tomorrow  I want it to be christmas xxx
I am stuck at work! Bored out of my  mind 
Bored!, without knowing that to do  
Bored  can't be botherd going out
Bored out of my mind waiting in battle creek for my train!  talk to me?
Bored. Sitting on my skateboard. Someone save me 
Bored at work 
Bored....wish I could talk to him!...but I can't 
Just got off work.... Bored as hell 
Bored. I want to play tonight. 
Bored waiting on her best friend to go home 
At a debut for a distant family member. Waiting for the ballroom to open. Bored 
Bored and super sleepy from this wknd 
Bored at work.  
Bored on the last day of summer 
Bored!  dunno wat 2 do 2day..
Bored still not happy . ! 
One is Bored with nothing to do 
Bored...have nothing to do today 
&gt;_&gt; Bored en el work 
Listening Music . Bored 
Still waiting for the IT guys to get here. Bored 
Bored, nothing to do. Theres not even a storm anymore 
Bored at home and dying to go to at tropez for the social or at least do something 
Bored @ work 
Bored to death, someone help 
Bored to death at work. 
Bored !!   really bored!
Bored Bored And Bored, Wish it was lat saturday  I would be in the consert right now  x
Bored bored bored wish ii had summit to do 
Bored of twitter now no one tlks 2 me  
Bored as hell...got nothin to do!!!!! 
Bored n the House sio Sick of the Rain ! uGh.. 
Bored n the House so Sick of the Rain ! uGh.. 
Long day. Bored as hell. 
Bored at home feelin sick 
Bored. And i really miss my friends. 
Bored to the max 
is watching spy kids 2. Bored out of my mind... Halp 
Bored bored bored. That certain someone never writes back 
Bored outta my goard and stressed 
Headache. Hungry. Bored? Unfortunately. 
Bored and lonely which can only mean bedtime. Yay for funks!! 
Bored already. This working business really isn't for me. 
Just about awake xD hmm breakfast time, or something.. Bored  turds forgot to wake me to go shopping  xo
Bored at home. i'll have a shower and wait my sister to have lunch w/ mum.Cloudy day outside  At night to work
So Bored &amp; So Sad 
Bored and couldn't sleep 
Bored observation on the bus no.1 = There are no yellow cars in Lanner 
Bored wanting to go park 
Bored n sick n in pain  wat a day!
Bored at home and cant sleep 
At a cafe in leeds! Bored coz we hav nothin 2 do nd train dnt cum till 8 
Bored as hell in class 
Bored.. Some1 talk to me 
Bored outta my mind. this weather is killing me. 
Bored at work 
Bored  time for some soul searching ...
@tweet_tweet7 I just got up a little while ago. Bored. ewww yeah I have work tomorrow  how is the dungeon???
Bored; there's nothing to drink or eat and I'm still sick a bit 
Studying..its the only thing that i can do now!!!!  Bored!
Bored as hell my first day of summer and nothing to do 
Bored @ work.....someone save me.... 
Bored as hell 
On The computer Bored!!! 
Bored..... at work 
Bored,tired,crippled, and lonely. 
Bored and really aweake 
Bored as hell 
Bored and fucking tired 
Bored waiting to toto work 
Bored.. very bored, I actually need to do something about it.  Design's almost done, subpages almost ready, and then.. code 
Bored In ICT 
Bored as the sun has gone in...!!! 
Bored, Bored, Bored! never got up early enough for glasgow, ill try again tomorrow! haha, the weather is utter rubbish tooo! 
Bored as ever. I got my report card in the mail 2day and i think i might have fell in2 a hole because i got a C. i dont ever get C's. i 
Bored! Facebook won't work 
Bored of Megabus now. Sland nao Plx 
Bored.  At work all day until 5.    It sucks.
Bored to death here in 2nd period 
bored bored and oh yea.. Bored 
Bored at my grandmas house  someone save me please!
Bored! Eat myself to obesity 
Bored and missing my new friend 
At daddys shop... Bored 
Bored  Getting ready to watch SYTYCD at 8 ..... Excited &lt;3
Bored about to go work all night 
Bored, Abbey playing peek a boo &amp; doesn't want me to play  rejected by a 1 year old
Bored at home  should I go out?
Bored out of my mind 
Bored out of my freaking mind! 
Bored because my daughter is spending the night at her father's and my son is asleep. 
Bored need sumbody too talk too 
Bored at dad's office. 
Bored. Thought i was tired, but apparently not. . . I miss the internet!! Argh, i feel Amish without it. 
At home watching tv. Bored out of my mind. I wanna go out but my body aches and i'm tired 
Bored a littly.... tired of drama... listening to Tims fave song 
Bored  check out my new videos! youtube.com/twistedtim01
Quiet today. Bored. 
at school. In I.T. Bored  Done my work
Bored . holidays ending soon 
2 hrs to go  !!!! Bored now
Bored, tired (for no reason), no football and already missing college  I hate this time of year! lol 
Bored, tired and already missing college  I hate this time of year! lol  (via @greenarmy12) Altered for me haha but i'm the same patch
Bored to death, school got out yesterday and I have nothing to do!  
Bored and at home 
Bored at work 
I'm Bored again  Who else is Online?
Bored at work 
Bored enough to organize my contacts and made sure they sync with facebook. 
Bored out of my mind at work 
I'm Bored . not sure what to do 
Playin 2k9 .....Bored......can't wait to talk to my wife tonight ....i miss her so much 
Bored at motel again 
Just kicking it ... Bored 
Bored....and very cooooooold    xx
Bored  I hate science
Sigh. Ghostbusters long install.. Bored of long installs now 
Bored at work ready to go and go to bed!!! 
Watching Tv And Rarther Bored TBH 
Bored nd got nothing to do 
On MSN Bored 
chillin like a villian in da crib!!!!! Bored and wish i had someone to talk to  Even a hello. 
Bored can't take the rain anymore 
Bored outta my mind.. Wonder why i havent heard from that someone..  txt it
Bored to death..just sittin at home 
Bored at the mall.  won't you come and entertain me?  http://twitpic.com/7rd5x
@aflonline I'm a Dees man through and through and they were disgraceful last week, I was bored watching them... Bored as hell... 
Bored...at home all by myself! 
Bored to hell &amp; can't sleep 
Bored out of my mind 
Bored, once again. Tonight was fun, but @thegermanowl was missing. 
Bored as fudge. I need something productive to do! 
Bored bored bored...  Not tired enough to sleep yet, too tired to clean up around here... 
Bored at home... cant wait to see my girlfriend this weekend, i miss her so much! 
Bored Bored Bored. I miss Terrell ugh. I hate arguein with him. 
So I'm at work. Bored. Wanna be with @BenWay08 in the city. 
I am doing nothing much!! Bored!! 
Bored. Bored. Bored... I've started clock watching, so it's really going to drag now until 5:00 
Cold. Bored. Tired.  tmm;
Bored - itching to do some work for pocket money. But who's gonna hire a non-Brit for just a couple of weeks part-time? 
Bored Guys  i need something to do (Y)
Bored at home  any ideas?
Bored at home....might go exploring by myself...sad i noe 
Sitting in a work meeting   Bored and so ready to leave this room!
Bored!  ugh, 2day sucks...&amp; im still fucking hungry.
Bored day. 
Bored shitless now 
Bored &amp; I think I am having a heat stroke 
@younglo nuthin !!! Bored! They gave me bubba kush 
http://twitpic.com/7uv3k - Bored in the car 
Bored and hungry but i don't know what i want to eat 
I was just re-affirmed that my body doesn't like tequila  Bored in need of entertainment come on twitterverse
Bored and lonely at home 
Bored... I need someone to talk to. 
I Am So Bored Rite NOw!!!!! 
Bored.  And I have a feeling she is ignoring me...?
Bored, Tired and need to clean!  x
Bored, and it's still raining outside  Having to entertain a 7 year old is no fun when I want to be entertaining myself!
Bored  Gutted we did nothing to celebrate last night. Such a disappointment.
Bored silly, watching SV qualifying, cant believe it was only a couple years ago i worked there - bum 
Bored at home  nothing to do can't speak to people on xbox because new mic hasn't got here yet  boohoo
Bored  ... Somethin still dnt seem right,oh well,I'm done tryina figure shit out
Bored, now havfing to watch horse racing. 
Bored to tears. I really wish school was open. At least I had something to do. Things are really starting to suck 
I'm totally booorrreeedd. Sitting here, drinking caramel cream blended... Ugghhh. Bored. 
Grr my cousins dnt let me sleep blah...nothin to watch  Bored!
Bored as hell dana is outa town 
Bored @ work no mullaaaa this afternoon 
I'm in a bad mood. Bored and pissed off 
Bored. Hanging out with ice on my ankle... 
Bored out my tits, watching you've been framed and eating beans.. why is everyone working / busy 
Bored  Wanna go out!
Bored  What's new, I knooooooooow.
Bored, tired, and wants to be cuddling in bed! 
Bored and tired + my ipods nearly dead and the charger is at home 
Bored at work    love&amp;&amp;missyoubean
Bored now, searching through Sky+ recordings, as nothing on! Hubby not back from gig until about 1.30am 
Bored out of my mind....this damn rain ain't no joke....I guess another Blockbuster night for me 
Bored at my dads. 
Bored and tired but not tired enough to go to sleep I can't win  x
Bored outa my mind...someone entertain me 
Bored.. babysitting again 
listing to music in my roomm!! Alone  Bored....
Bored as hell... people r not on aim to talk to 
Bored at work  good thing I have someone to look at lol
Bored at home...WTF! Lookin for somethin to do tonight... 
Bored &amp; lonely. 
Bored ughh 
Bored!! I wish I didn't have a curfew at 19!!!!!! 
Bored. I want to do something, hangout with kitty or brianna 
A wild pitch? Come on Rangers.  Bored so now we're watching a cinema classic. BASEKETBALL.
@DJKidFamous lol what r u doin now? Bored  ?
Bored looking at the celing!! 
Bored in my house  lol x
Bored shitless... Smithton is too cold atm 
Bored, I dnt knw what 2 do. I've been thinking abwt him lately. And I miss u, why dnt u knw my 'feeling'????  http://myloc.me/4P8w
Bored and I have work tonight  Not so good.
Bored. Boredom is boring. But English homework is even more so  Want something FUN to do...
Bored &amp; not looking forward to tomorrow 
Looking out a window..... Bored 
Bored at the airport 
Bored. Made a load of money at the car boot. But apparently dont have enough for a concert. 
Bored bored cleaning 
Bored  anyone got any ideas?
Bored. Hungry. Sleepy. Tired. Dizzy. Blingy. I guess i rlly need sumrest. But i stll cnt shut my eyes down  nd sumthn' 2mk me sleep...~.~
Bored all my friends are in school 
Bored nth is making sense 
Bored at home and what sucks is that I have to go back to work at 8:00 
Bored of work  http://twitpic.com/857w2
Bored ugh :/ i miss veronica 
Bored out of her mind.....grrrrr 
Bored in this house.. 
@lutfi001 Making lunch. Bored to tears 
Bored and need a job 
Bored...this not having a job thing bites. I can only stay home so long 
Bored. Really bored. I don't like to be at home with nothing to do. 
Bored.....bored......bored. @GeekyAsian went strawberry picking without me  meanie
Bored and tired of doing nothing!! 
Bored and want my fone back 
Bored,hot,tired,hungry... NOT a good day 
Bored!! There's nothn to do!! 
Bored to fucking tears!!!!  
Bored/hungry/tired... I wanna do something fun 
Wasssssup tweeeeet peeps??? talk 2 me!!!! Bored out my mind. Should be doin sum HW 
Bored and trying to work on y summer literature assignment... Already school is killing me...  fmylife
Bored, cant sleep and ma brains gone bust!! 
Bored out of my damned mind  someone shoot me please
Bored waiting for brittany to call me back 
Bored. Bout to get haircut. No parties for toby tonight 
Sitting At Home Bored.....  what a drag!!!!
Bored....restless and not really happy  I hate laying here wondering/worrying about things and people 
Bored at the airport.... ALONE  i have to wait for two hours... Nani shiyoukanaaaaaaaa.. :/
Bored.  watchin music videos .
Bored already and I haven't even officially started work yet.... Ooooh 
Bored....  anyone want to chat?
I want to do something.. .anything!!!! Bored of being stuck in this dam hole i call my life 
Bored.. depressin day 
In English,,, Bored Out me Head!! 
Nothing much to do today. listening to music. Bored 
Bored 2 death 
http://twitpic.com/8de3z - i tried to make it look like a football pitch haha!. Bored of harry potter 
Bored at work. All by myself  #squarespace #trackle
Coloring sheets at work?! Hellllll yes. Bored text me. 
Bored at citiwatch text me 
Bored Bored Bored...entertain me?  hehe
Bored, Bored, Bored, Bored! Blah! Lol writing stuff for my Case Closed (Detective Conan) movie  Brandon Aaron &lt;3 Nikkii Marie
Bored; aha 50th update 
Hangin out at home. Bored.. Trying to figure out what im going to do today. 
Bored Homiee 
Bored at work...TIme needs needs to hurry i wanna go to the gym 
iis Really Bored , Some start up a convo with me .! 
Bored... Some vector shit... Off to work after this class.. 
Bored, making a mothers day card 
She has an awsome voice. Bored nothin to do i should really consider  going back to school yeah right i'd rather cry of boredom  forever 
The exam was ridiculously easy! Bored atm. Guitar lesson in an hour 
Bored at school. Sabrina should go to the cafeteria when she gets here  lol
Bored as hell. Txt  619 245 7622
Bored as hell at home like always :/ haha I miss my lover face like CRAZY!! :'( I love you baby!!  I wish u were here still here..
Bored.. someone keep me company...pls 
http://twitpic.com/5cs82 - Bored at 4 am 
Bored and talkin too @gabi_s2_20 on chat..  jonas brothers baby!! :p
Finally Alive and Bored! 
Watching some videos on youtube. Bored texting people 
Bored :/ There is nothing to do! haha I think I'll read. 
Bored outta my mind! Wide awake! I need to take my meds soon to help me sleep. 
Bored. In a good mood  work today hope it'll be fun!! .
Bored, good job I brought book 9 of Laurell K Hamilton withme today, nothing like a bit of gore to make the time pass. 
just formatted a hard drive for a customer  Putting on vista   - Bored!!!
Bored at home cant wait for the weekend hope its as good as the last  [baby i cant get u off my mind&lt;3]
Bored since 10. Trying to kill 2 hours before the movie!! 3D glasses fail hahaha   http://twitpic.com/663ek
