Most common words for this cluster:
[('boston', 350), ('i', 25), ('day', 24), ('time', 21), ('home', 19), ('today', 15), ('marathon', 13), ('weekend', 13), ('tomorrow', 12), ('com', 12), ('rain', 11), ('night', 11)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Boston', 0.9733791351318359), (u'Beantown', 0.6546108722686768), (u'Massachusetts', 0.6473674774169922), (u'Lowell', 0.6450785398483276), (u'RUNS_Damon', 0.6324290633201599), (u'Fenway', 0.630391538143158), (u'Fenway_Park', 0.6249968409538269), (u'Waltham', 0.6231077909469604), (u'Brookline', 0.6202285289764404), (u'Framingham', 0.6066433191299438)]





Duckling in famous children's book stolen from Boston's Public Garden - The Boston Globe http://tinyurl.com/dc2htx via @ShareThis OH NO!! 
@mileycyrus dude, I have to go on a 4 mile run in cold ass Boston after waking up just now. This sucks 
Off for my morning run through cold-arsed Boston 
@Boston_BlueEyes  Not a good night 
@legendarylynn There are no cats in Boston. None. 
@justsara08 They are great my daughter trying to figure out what college to go to for photography she is looking at Boston so far away 
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Springfield - Massachusetts
Stuff I miss about Boston and Philadelphia: Dunkin Donuts, NE Clam Chowder, Wawa, Cheesesteak and of course friends and family. 
Curse you, Boston Bruins. 
A great Boston Legal (as always) - just one more to go  sobsob. Dinner time, and then #Indycar later to wrap up the weekend - sobsob again
@jamie_poyer Hey-ey-ey, the Boston Celtics are a respectable franchise 
Man... My family has to be going to Boston a week AFTER LeakyCon is over....... 
@barunner, can't sign up for your run alerts, Boston says registration is closed. 
Marathon Monday in Boston=me being the only person on T actually headed to work 
normally I would be at the Boston Marathon today 
test run - pretty sure I won't be running the Vancouver Marathon  but watching the Boston marathon on Universal Sports 
@nikki4382 - I'm going to Boston for my bday and they will be in NYC that weekend.  Not such great planning on my part! 
Boston Marathon today.  Too bad Madison doesn't celebrate 
@ynnie36 @peeks i often fly to Boston for memorial day weekend too. hubby has work travel no babysitting coverage 
I cant believe I forgot to set the DVR to record the Boston Marathon!!  GRRRR
Boston 3 - Montreal 0 Arg ! 
@Nellypt Amber just landed recently in Boston and Jusjen77 is hanging with @shayminn I want to be there 
@Kelly_StrayCat well @shayminn is hanging with one oy my friends and other people are en route to Boston...me Im home  you?
we have 6 confirmed cases of H1N1 in Massachusetts now  
Missed my train back to Boston, had to cancel my training session. 
Nothing llike throwing your guts up in the Boston airport!!     
Now that I am officially living in RI, I am beginning to appreciate all of my friends in Boston and the city in general. Miss you already 
@tbsnewagain Massachusetts 
For those of us not in Boston tonight! 
Relaxing today~ Went to Tampa Bay Vs Boston Baseball game last night in St. Petersburg, Florida~ We lost  But it was fun! Last Minute plan
@egseah It's looking more like there will be no more Boston Globe cafeteria for you to eat lunch at 
@joeymcintyre I live in Boston and still couldnt even go the launch party 
@DonnieWahlberg DDub I'm here in TN wishing I had been the lucky winner there in Boston with you  I guess I'll be in bed soon.
@DonnieWahlberg Im sitting at home checking twitter as i work on Weekly Homework for my students...not as fun as being in Boston 
Sad to hear about the Boston Globe. 
...another one bites the dust. Such sadness for the Boston Globe. 
@DonnieWahlberg not in Boston  oh how I wish I could be there with you guys!!  Damn work! LOL
really hopes the Boston Globe doesn't close down 
NYC---&gt; Boston. Bamboozle wore me out! Now I have to take finals. I miss everyone 
NYT filing WARN notice to shut down the Boston Globe?? Sad. 
Closing of Boston Globe imminent?  http://tr.im/kpP1
   Boston Globe could be shut down in 60 days http://sbne.ws/r/vWc
Where am I going to go for my daily Boston news or my Sudoku addiction  http://tinyurl.com/cy7brl
Not feeling Boston tonight 
@shegotgame I drove up to Boston to pick up my bro on about 4 hours sleep. We got back I had dindin, put on a movie, and crashed. 
About to see Tat off to Boston... I'm going to miss her so much! 
Chilly morning in Boston. I don't wanna leave! 
In more pain this morning. Why does my stupid foot have to be sprained this weekend? This weekend I had plans. Last weekend Boston plans. 
@DaRealsebastian omg! Nooooo.. Boston 
Boston should quit     Sad --- real sad    @djrockman9
@browniemountain fuck Boston. the rays just lost 
Working on travel plans for June and despairing. In Atlanta first week, then Rome, then Boston. Home only a week, altogether. 
on the Bolt. very awake for sleeping for 4 hours. crap. miss Boston already 
You know I'd pick Detroit if I had the choice and make Paige hang with me.  Am leaning toward Phili; it's been nicer to me than Boston.
Landed in Boston. Back to work tomorrow 
Steve's gone to Boston.  Single parenting for the next four days.
@collective_soul No Boston date yet? 
@WIDELORD oh i wanna go. Sometimes i wish i still lived in Boston 
Apparently I'm moving back to Boston on may 26th  this sucks... I'm happy I get to see people I miss but florida is my home now wtf 
 Boston and Atlanta both out...my vote goes to the Nuggets for NBA Champions! http://plurk.com/p/ug96m
well Orlando took it...Congrats to them I guess. Next time Boston...next time. 
Well, basketball season is officially over for me. First Houston gets eliminated and now Boston  Owell..go...Rangers??
@_VQ_    Your Dallas, Boston, and London options are looking mighty fine a.k.a. no quakes
@winchester79 Neither of them are interesting, just PAINFUL. It happened by walking around Boston all day. 
have updated blog for 1st time in weeks. Should be a bit better now that all playoff action is finished in Boston 4 awhile 
@PinkOliveFamily Jealous! Long-standing love affair with Boston. Shame the city is in mourning following recent sports events 
Last day in Boston 
watching the last episode ever of Boston legal 
Now that Boston's  out go Denver.
NOOooo Boston,Houston loosers  My 'fav teams...
I'm at starbucks in downtown Boston n the talk of the shop is da b-ball game last night. We lost it  still luv u Paul Pierce. Mayb nex yr
@XxDREAMZxX Sorry....Boston's headed home 
Last ever Boston Legal. . . 
Past few days were a disappointment for Boston sports fans... 
is in playoff's mourning   I'm still in denial about Boston 
is in playoff's mourning  I'm still in denial about Boston 
thinks it sucks coz Boston is out of the playoffs   http://plurk.com/p/uknj6
In Boston!!!! Luv it here!!! Sucks its raining though! 
It's bitter sweet: in sunny Miami, but missing my Boston Five 
kinda sad I'm not in Boston at LeakyCon right now 
I walked out of #dunkindonuts with my coffee but got to work and realized I left my Boston Kreme on the counter  FAIL
Wishing I was hang out at Disney with my sister today!  At least I leave for Boston at 6 tonight!
@jimmymarsh617 if I was in Boston I'd be there 
Just a few paragraphs away from finishing last section of the Beginner's Guide rewrite, but need to be up super early for Boston flight 
@jordanknight Saw you in Manchester,NH in March. Couldn't get wheelchair tix to Mansfield/Boston this time around 
not enjoying this cold, raininy Boston day.  I think my new metal back doesn't like getting wet. ;-)
I hate: midgets! Smfh! Had a dream I was fightin 1 LN in Boston Market, turbull! He kept head bunting me 
The Killers are coming to TD Banknorth in Boston on 9/4 at 7:30pm. And, I can't go.   Everyone else should go though! Tickets on sale Sat.
wishes she was in Boston for DMB 
@JonathanRKnight I feel for you  I hope it's a smooth flight. Be safe! Mucho amor from Boston!
@schambers bud light?!?!?!  up in Massachusetts and no Boston Lager?  Guess I won't catch the next flight   njoy!
So ready for the weekend!!! I miss my Boston Celtic boys!!! 
@jeffarchuleta I wish I had been there  I can't wait for June 26 in Boston and august 23 in Providence!!!
@mattshapanka I know I'm sorry! I was in Boston and then all of a sudden I wasn't -- it all happened so fast 
@Luxetips I know! Next time I do an overnight I'm all for meeting up!  Down and back from Boston in 1 day leaves no time. 
@kitschqueen thanks for the tip, I'll try but tight on time to Boston 
Lying in bed watching the jays vs. Boston. SOOOOOO sad I'm gonna be out tonight and I'm missing game 1 of pens vs. wings 
misses someone terribly, and is counting down the days until Oktoberfest in Boston... 
Depressing realization thanks to @sdornhelm: I haven't laughed since I was in Boston 
http://twitpic.com/6anik - UMass Boston Commencement '09 - It rained 
in Boston today...did the tourist thing and went to &quot;Cheers&quot;. Nobody knew my name 
Already back in Orlando...missing the amazing weather in Boston 
Heading back to Boston today....sooo sad 
Last day in Boston  PHISH tonight!
I'm home for ONE DAY and @huckb has a session in Boston. Rats.  phooey 
I miss my family in Massachusetts already. I hate that we live so far apart 
@hichimi That pic just made me miss Boston soooo much 
Saying goodbye to Boston  so sad
Boston Logan airport has serious dissappointing shopping 
Thunderstorm in Boston 
Allison is packing for her move to Boston 
After a 17 1/2 yr engagement, my partner and I got married at his families home in Boston on friday.To bad it's not recognized here in VA 
Ah, back in #Boston !! I miss #Brooklyn already though 
@Southie69 sorry can't talk on the phone now. 
Boston has made everything IRL real life seem inadequate  I want to go back!!!
5 more days until Filene's Basement finds out it's destiny...are we out of jobs? A Boston Legend could be no more. 
Boston &quot;directly in path&quot; with sea level rise   http://bit.ly/8Unca
back in Boston unfortunately   Job hunting!
@Trucco905 We r in first class from SoCal to Boston, but all sold out first class from Boston to Paris  can u do something about that? Ha!
My boss gave me a larger wifi antenna for the desktop in my room but I think I left it in the hotel in Boston 
Vacation in Boston is over. I miss this city...travel whoo's began @ Logan I was just told my flight is delayed 3 hrs 
Apparently My texting isn't working in Boston...  no random twitter updates...
I need a new circle of friends all mines are in Boston they left me  ...wait I should go visit them
@loricrocker yes, Boston Coffee has free wifi - but not a lot of outlets! 
@Syberspace I missed your concert in Boston, didn't I? 
I won't make it to AEA Boston 2009, and I'm sad of it 
No Sonic before I move to Massachusetts 
Watchning the Boston weather going to overcast  Go Sox
@jeanneeee No! I have family in Boston, and had to balance seeing them. But got there as soon as I could! Missed Pig though 
@TrevorOLN way to ask about Boston 37 minutes too late 
Goodbye Boston.. 
Wishes that there was a yogurtland in Boston, would even settle for Pinkberry 
why can't american idol 9 auditions come to philly?!?! ugh. the closest place is Boston on 6/14&amp; of course i'll be in tennessee on vacay. 
@bdeffenbacher try and check out Chick-fil-a or Boston Market. We don't have those in Oregon 
I graduated, I have a place to live in Boston, I am now a proud mother to Hal the Hamster, and I still have no job 
wishing for a job offer for the hubby in Boston so we can move...or to win the lottery...both are as likely 
@tanflchris that sounds nice..I'm flying into more of the same in Boston. 
....is feeling severaly homesick for Boston 
is in Boston. Can't do nothing cuz it's such a short trip. 
Done the Boston promotion early.. Thankfully! I hate waking up so early to work 
Not ready to leave Boston 
@lightsresolve U guys r so funny! :p Boston tonight! So close 2 Maine!  What time's the show?
Just arrived in Boston.  Rain go away come again another day 
Guess I'm in for the night  the perils of knowing absolutely nobody in #Massachusetts
@OhTianna Boston misses you too 
My Boston Red Sox are losing tonight... 
I come to Boston and the Red Sox lose.  
Boston market in Maumee ohio went out of buisness!  i love those places! &lt;+jD+&gt;
time to leave Boston  but now time for Vermont!! 
Remorseful I didn't get the Pre when I had the chance and now it's sold out in Boston 
By the end of the weekend, I will be a Somerville resident. Goodbye, Cambridge.  I will still be near your border!
@DonnieWahlberg i ran out of $ cuz i spent too much on my Mansfield/Boston ticket  but I kno my peeps can BRING IT!!! northeast whut!!
@thewesleychan boo  hahha i'll take any pebble ahhaha it'll be cool to paint on it and write Massachusetts, wouldn't it?
Theeee cutest Boston terrier was just on tv!!!!! I want one! 
Ugh I'm still hungry because the frozen dinner I had tasted like shit... it was a Boston Market one, should have been good. Disappointed. 
Packing again.  leaving Boston in a little while.
Also doesn't help that it is an absolutely gorgeous Boston day (mid 70s) AND @stacey_a_allen invited me to her sister's grad party. 
@ohayemily You should come to Boston if you can. 
Boston loses to Texas but Yanks won.  O's not doing well right now 
Why can't it be 96 and sunny here in Boston?  Just one day, that's all I need
Taking the train out of Boston alone  http://twitpic.com/6uwdt
Been feeling pretty down about IRL this evening which has just made me miss all you guys more  can we not all just go back to Boston now?
Back in Boston and doing work, since the professor I'm working for doesn't necessarily understand the concept of weekend 
Watching some old Boston Legal. Man I miss this show more every time I see a rerun 
I missed the St. Louis - Boston game. Twitter spoiled the outcome for me 
Speaker lineup changed for next week's AEA Boston. No @meyerweb  http://aneventapart.com/2009/boston/ #aea09
Forecast for Boston this weekend: rain, rain rain. How come every time I go anywhere it rains? I should just stop expecting anything else 
back from Massachusetts  first day of work!
@souljaboytellem Def. saw you on Alexa Chung and I'm mad jealous you didnt come to Boston last night 
Off to Lowell, whose coming with me?? That's what I thought, I'm going solo 
@spencer_puppy sorry bout Redwings losing!  bummer like @cranwo said always next year-isn't that a Boston saying? LOL
In Dallas enroute to Boston! Disappointed in my Au Bon Pain soup 
Where's a good place to get a belt in Boston?  I left mine at billys 
I have a wicked (thank you Boston girls) sore neck and a GRUMPY baby boy....I wanna go cry 
@Southie69 @jenandnita @no_surprises @beantownlovin I go tn bed and you come out to play 
@mandisaofficial  You were there and I missed it. Couldn't afford WOF Hartford this year. Waiting for Boston again.  
@markhoppus That's too bad about Maine. Now I can't see you guys this summer, not enough cash to go to Boston  I was so excited too!
Back in Boston...  I miss Nashville soooooo much...good luck to all the artists nominated and performing tomorrow night!
Boston was awesome but leaving was sad.  I could easily spend a week or two there.
trying to upload some pics from the Fenway of the south...but can't get my sprint pics to work right now  ... grrrr
@WDWM I would love to! I wish it were that easy  It's not that Im miserable over here but things are just way better in Boston
Last day in Boston. Heading home tomorrow morning 
9 weeks till I leave Boston: Trying to enjoy every moment of my last summer in the bean, but so far it's been pretty sucky   
excluding tomorrow, another depressing forecast for Boston   http://bit.ly/n8kRQ
@letsridebikes yay for awesome  coworkers and yay for recycling! I'm at a huge conference in Boston that has poor recycling logistics. 
@sarah_marina No process in getting to Boston. 
@aishatyler Still no Boston dates yet 
Wish i could find Pastors like Jay Bakker and other's ive met on here in Boston 
My Boston Legal series  ended  
First day off on tour! Last day in Boston 
First time Ive seen a TYPE A Pug-Boston Terrier. I still have the bite-mark bruises to prove it. 
leaving in a few days for Boston #e2conf but it looks like rain 
I'm wishing I was in Boston.  
Missed my connection to Boston, no later flights available today 
@gdauthority im seeing GreenDay twice in Florida while i work at Disney. super bummed i dont see them in my hometown Boston tho 
Heading back to the burbs after an amazing day in Boston.  I miss living in MA - there is no place like it 
@ScottBaybe  Pack some up and save them for Boston, and I will get you as many followers as you need.
Early to bed, early to rise- taking my son to airport tomorrow- He's going to Boston-I'm gonna miss him 
@sellytapgirl Awww.  Well...Boston has room and the Boston Ballet is always looking for  new talent!!!
@tayfaceee do you like my Boston accent? Because most people make fun of it 
@rhettmiller coming to Boston again soon? We missed you due to other obligations in May and were/are very sad about it. 
Sad that my daughter will be away for 2 weeks but happy she will have good memories to remember. I wanna go to Boston too!! 
@Boston_Brandy its just getting there and back, can't drive 
@sev215  we'll be hanging out in Boston during MS! I failed at getting us 5* for there! We were just talking about not being able 2 meet U
@threadless I wish I was wearing some things are just out of reach. I left it in Boston when I went home for the summer!  #threadless
@jordanknight I tinked @ 4:00 this morning.    coming 2 Boston 2 see u. well not just u. LOL
@ashleylinne It's my favorite store. NYC and Boston are the best ones I've been to. There's even one in Virginia Beach, yet not here. 
So apparently the financial district is busy in Boston. So I failed to get lunch 
is depressed by the 10 days of rain forecasted for Boston 
@shewhodaydreams : On the other hand Boston is suffering from Monsoon like conditions of constant rains, grayness and temp in 50s 
Flight delayed one more hour... Stuck on the runway, blame on Boston's weather.  Oh well more time to email/work
Rain + traffic + really bad drivers = very late to Mullen new Boston office party 
kickin back listenin to Boston. got my 8th grade outing tomorrow. looks like it's gonna rain though 
I'd like to go out and explore and enjoy Boston, but I have to stand in this long ass line til SATURDAY!!!!! oh man 
@yankeechick78 June 9 against Boston Yanks lost 7-0 when Beckett shut them down. 
Wind's ripping in SF bay. 24 - 27. Observing on the web on a rainy night in Boston.. 
finally feeling better! i wish the sun would come out in Boston 
Aquarium of the Pacific, Boston's, cooked steak, veggies, biscuit, and mashed potatoes for chubby. Running out of days in Irvine 
Heading back to Boston from Dallas. Up super early for this crazy flight (2 stops  )
I guess I'm up!  And, of course...more rain in Boston! 
Not going to Boston for the weekend now...   it is supposed to rain all weekend, so that won't be cool  
Dear Boston, if I wanted this much rain, I'd move back to Seattle. Can't you cut us some slack? 
@nicolidominn I wish... I'm going to another concert the day she comes to Boston. 
Off to Boston for surprise baby shower for Alix. Too bad I'm stuck at the airport 
mommy's last day in Boston 
@DonnieWahlberg I'm so lost in Boston right now lol  pls come find us!!!
@amber_benson  it's a shame you aren't seeing Boston when it's warm and sunny..  It's a great city!  It's going to be raining for days 
@TennesseeWaltz Then as we were leaving a guy held the door open for me &amp; he was wearing a Boston police shirt... made me sadfaced 
@ddubsbostongirl great seats!! That's where we were in JB!! Wish I was in Boston 2nite!!  have fun!!!
@superbadgirl  Also, @amber_benson is in Boston right now, and I can't go. 
Ugh, wish I could go to Gallagher's solo show tomorrow. Alas I am stuck in Boston.  *le sigh*
@rockstardriver I wish I was in Boston!!!  
@Jonasbrothers Fly me to see your show tomorrow night? I miss you, I haven't seen you since July 26th  but only 27 days till Boston. ily!
Ahh, why am I not in Boston??  
wishes they would add more Days stars to the Boston event in August. I know I'm greedy. I want to meet Jay again. 
I really want a Boston Terrier. 
Just got home from #CSTS Boston. Sorry I was late and didn't really get to hang w/my shiny #browncoats 
I am packing for NC!  Will not be missing the dreary Boston weather... will be missing my twins. 
@courtrex I hear you, I have masters in public mgmt and professional politics but here in Boston there's nothing until the next cycle. 
Can't believe I'm actually going to say... I'm going to miss Boston 
Boston bound and tight because i left my teddy bear at home!  i take it every time i travel. c yall Monday Brooklyn
Aw missed the Live DCI broadcast...  just wanted to see Boston and my KDub
@yelyahwilliams wish i had been there to help!! this was the first Boston show i wasn't at! 
@Jonasbrothers gee....I wonder what it is. -__- ship Miley off to Boston with you, please? 
Home from Boston...i want to live in a city 
Yankees just can't get it together!  Losing all 3 to Boston, 2 to the Nationals and now the Marlins! 
Getting ready for bed, upset the Yankees lost tonight, another game behind Boston now. 
Slow day at work again. Lovely night out in Boston, expect when I came home and noticed my flip-flop full of blood-Treating my little toe 
@ddlovato I want to see you more than anyone this Summer. But I can't afford tickets, or to drive into Boston. I'm like, crying 
Where's the soul food in Boston!! 
@jcluvsnkotb yeah I'm low on vacay time too, thats why I didn't go to Boston 
@lennytoups it was awesome. One more day in Steamboat then back to Boston 
Off to Boston to see @JakobBoNielsen in a few hours.. Not looking fwd to saying goodbye to the girls at all  @emiliehj
@DeityDesignz  Ok i will try to be there... I live in Boston 
@Vignesh_Boston no da - KL marathon is happenin nxt week only  the events the day i tried to sign online- registration closed ((
@Nina_73 I'm thinking of one last ride into Boston and get a magnet then back to jersey 
My 15 year wedding anniversary today + I'm a thousand miles away from my bride in #Boston. 1st time we've been apart for an anniversary 
@LovemesomeDDub Awww home now. No more Boston.  But you have Memphis soon!
still not feeling so great after waking at 3 to puke everywhere.  Boston for my dad's in a little.
Boston doesn't seem to believe in mini bars  But at least this room has some kind of coffee-making device.
Rainy day in Boston 
@vonbryan you need to get back to Boston...I've had patron shots the past two nights without you 
is headed back to Boston today 
@SexyMency awww, I want to adopt if I ever get another one...my 2 live with my mom in Boston 
@mitchelmusso How do I buy VIP tickets for the Boston show?  i cant find them
back from Massachusetts IMC09 and ready to draw!  But first ... laundry 
@themideastclub to see my friends in @theminusscale plays their last Boston show  They go on at 9:40ish you still have time. Come over!
Am I in Boston? or Seattle???  Enough of this rain!!!! 
Anime Boston was a month ago. Makes me sad. I want to go to another con, but alas, it all comes down to money and transportation 
@MikeReiss Boston.com still fores iPhone users to &quot;m&quot; version of site where Q&amp;A link doesn't work. 
Heading to Boston.  Into the shark tank....
@DonnieWahlberg Haha so true! I had my camera all ready! But No DDub  hehe Its ok I know Boston is way too crazy! We luv ya 2 much! twugs
@mattfazzi i wish i was seeing you guys in Boston...sold out 
Here's hoping my @ktforres is still doing well in #Boston - Havn't talked to him since 5:00 am yesterday! 
Unfortunately, I don't think I'll be able to make it into Beantown for the #e2conf tweetup. 
Just found out the CNN bureau in Boston doesn't have interns... 
@flyguyloso Boston... i neeeda move bk to ny dont like it up here 
I have come to the conclusion that New Hampshire sucks. As does Maine. I miss Boston 
Going to a sleepover.  If anybody see's a black and white Boston Terrior, please take it and call 483 8456, or call 488 7013 immediatly 
My 5th umbrella in a line of overworked and unappreciated friends is currently settling into a long stay on the Lowell commuter line 
Rejection sucks. So does riding around Boston just to find out no one's hiring. 
Last night out in Boston 
It appears all events happen in Boston...this better not change after I move there in August. 
i think fr. jeff's Boston speakers might be on their last leg  they've had a good long life!  thanks @jeffpoirot
@GKIDNY because all my loves are in NY and im in Boston 
Today is the corporate challenge 5K in Boston today - I'm very sad Diet.com never got off the wait list 
@mattodonnell so how come I didn't know you were gonna be in Boston?  I was looking forward to seeing you in Nashville!!
Boston Marathon... comin' up! 
Yankees lost their first home game at their new stadium, conceding 10 home runs ! wow ! Wish I could have seen that hehehe, (Boston fan) 
About to head to Boston for some out of control times  TG for Vaca
is getting ready for pub crawl in Boston 
they let me leave work  heading into Boston now to start drinking early
3 Months until Jonas Brothers come to Boston 
Driving through Boston 
@erikabrokx3 @nick_carter Yeah come to Boston! I'll settle for that!! It's close enough!!1 
@tercowas @habibh  and me we stated that it isn't a sport, he should be careful now as he is at sensitive region, Boston 
Baa.org 5k - finishing over the Boston Marathon finish line, all set up for tomorrow.  
Happy Boston marathon tomorrow, I'll be eating cake  are Bos marathons always on april 20th? That's pretty cool!
@tmccool looks like Fenway is where the cool kids are. I will however, not be impressed with @kujfest until i get a phone call from jtek 
and the waitress brittany at Boston Pizza here loves my new jeans!   Heheh 
Forced to be @ work early as the Boston Marathon runners caused my street to close - so thoughtless of them. 
Love that Boston has an unofficial holiday today  Marathon party at Leigh's in about an hour!
is watching the Boston marathon live via www.universalsports.com 
Issac's bus just pulled in to BT, he's been in Boston. Looking fwd to all his stories 
Looking forward to watching tha Swans give tha Tigers a good hiding 2nite &amp; then Boston finish off Chi-town 2moro...Get Fimilular 
Just followed a guy and saw he was a Boston fan.  May need to end that relationship. 
@Jetsetlife Boston is my hometown :-D I miss it....say hi to it for me 
@bostonbibliophl @AnnKingman If there is a Boston book tweetup, I would love to attend 
@DaveJMatthews How did the show go? Can't wait til you guys come to Boston!! Boston is the best city ever dont u forget it 
I had an amazing day, I hope you did too...Going to pack then hit the sack. Boston see you in a few 
Is flying back to Boston!!! 
Well I got my Boston Red Soxs hat and I'm a happy panda  and I have two hours before I board tho blah
On the bus to Boston Common! My mom and sister already started walking but I'm sure we'll catch up eventually  
@gvalentinoball I am driving my Team to Boston for tonight's Launch Party 
@armoredsaint Man I miss livin' in Boston... Tyngsborough actually! 
Back home...no Boston games tonight...what to do?  LOL 
@BottomBabes watching the Boston Bruins. I know you don't want to make ANOTHER bet on who will win.  What are you doing?
@Siouxsinner Congrats girl  Hope u have fun! Forget  the beans, you have to go to Boston Chowda Co in Quincy Market. Best clam chowda eva!
wishes it was August already, so I can go see MM in Boston again 
? I had great time in Boston. Thanks to my baby girl.   http://plurk.com/p/rplmy
m still watchin Boston Legal tho it cracks me up 2, scrubs earlier was good  i guess i just like a laugh!!!
Please tell me someone was watching the Boston/Orlando game. One word -WOW!!! 
I don't watch any American sport but I'm always proud when Boston wins!! And I've only been here 6 months lol 
Johnathon Papelbon walking out to Shippin up to Boston....can't get much better 
@ClintonSparks Boston got the best looking people in Hollywood! 
Bruins win; Celtics win; Sox win. Another night of Boston sports. 
Umm did I mention that I love Boston, well I do, they're my team 
also-the city of Boston had an amazing sports day today. 
@tytryone @tytryone Het Ty , just hope ur having a blast over seas  Just bought my tix to see you all in Boston 
@ashleytisdale I'm doing my 'So you think you can dance' audition in Boston to Headstrong...great song! Have a safe trip! 
@redsoxgratr ~ Grew up In Boston~ Was at Fenway Park for every game w/ my dad and cousins~ What great memories~Thank you for the follow 
Exeter to get Lily White then Boston for the day 
in Massachusetts. i actually caught some internet  so i figured 'why not take my dailybooth?'. i'm in my... http://tinyurl.com/ozpzg3
Boston &amp; Houston let's gettttt it today 
@francescavaney Haha it's fairly epic. I'll take one tomorrow when I'm reunited with the connector cord for my camera, which is in Boston 
@clubalektrablue oh so u have already been out here to Boston?  awww plz tell me ur comn back! 
Hello Boston, long time no see 
My ideal date: dinner &amp; a jazz club. Then a walk through the beautiful city we call Boston. Anyone out there like that? 
@AubreyODay I love your back-around ; )   Goooo Boston 
@JimQuillen I grew up in the Boston area and there is NO DOUBT who is going to win tonight! The Celtics 
The Boston Terrier puppies have arrived.  5/14/2009.  Mother and litter are well,     http://morningstarfarm6.tripod.com/
@ItsNikkiFBaby Yep!! Lakers can eat it, Boston too!! 
@Dramvicy Train home was long and relaxin like always! How's Boston without me? 
@HalloweenBaby congratulations! You must be excited for the freedom.  I think you should come Fenway to celebrate. LOL.
@zaibatsu Can people in Boston buy it off of you  #denver
off to Boston in few min ~ will bbs - heading to Logan airport later. 
Finally returning to Boston on this godawful morning flight. So sleepy. Happy to head home though! 
Hittin' up Boston for the week 
Yay Boston lost!!!! Now the Cav's are definitely in the finals 
@FameandChizz oh ok  I'm n Boston they should hav yamusic up here as well rite or we gotta only hitup tha net?
@Aimeeisawesome oh I was watching that before hunny. Just watched the series final of Boston Legal 
@MattLevenhagen I'm a big fan of james Taylor too. Never heard of Journey or Boston - looking them up now. 
On the train to Boston! Anime Boston here I come 
Watching the sun come up with Tess  towards the end of an overnight drive from Boston to Cleveland. Looks pretty in the rear view mirror.
@scutte so very cute! My Boston, Otis, hardly made it out of preschool...lol! 
Is getting ready then off to Boston to pick up Madre! 
well, these are Boston, MA tweeple that I #followfriday @HappyHourBoston @gobostoncom @bostontweets and a special thanks to @MassInno 
Anime Boston is today! Yay! 
the geeks, cosplayers and artists have come together at the Hynes. Let the madness that is Anime Boston begin! 
Going to Boston this weekend! Still planning on doing a 6 mile run tomorrow or sunday morning 
@judywang Likewise!  I can't wait to visit you in Boston 
@zoebritton and I are going to Boston together in August! One of the most beautiful women in the world with me in my favorite city! 
@shamara99 Michell from Boston, MA Aquarius is my sign/don't know why I started 2 follow u/but I'm glad I did  your great to follow!
