Most common words for this cluster:
[('box', 327), ('bag', 80), ('boxes', 45), ('pens', 13), ('bin', 11), ('amp', 10), ('today', 9), ('x', 9), ('http', 8), ('litter', 8), ('lol', 8), ('day', 7)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'box', 0.872514545917511), (u'Inception_outclasses_Schmucks', 0.7188409566879272), (u'boxes', 0.6911742687225342), (u'Little_Fockers_tops', 0.6422715187072754), (u'Strings_attaches', 0.6324802041053772), (u'doctrinal_Pandora', 0.6212920546531677), (u'seats_horns_honked', 0.609991729259491), (u'reads_Lorraine_Footlight', 0.6093987822532654), (u'brightest_crayon', 0.6079722046852112), (u'open_doctrinal_Pandora', 0.6014829874038696)]





@arepeejee  (but thanks for the retweet despite your despair) if i buy you a box of jaffa cakes, would that go someway to making amends?
Hates the cereal at the end of the box 
Cleaning my room. Its like a bomb hit it. Hopefully the money box will turn up 
@ohnoscarlett this is about when i would be breaking out the paperclips.  
ive bin rate limited on twitterific 
Morning Tweets!  At work...blah!  It's raining so being inside is okay.  One of our box holders passed away.    He was about 80 though.
is tidying more boxes - when will it ever end 
@jessicastrust well i may just have to get myself a copy and a couple of boxes of tissues. 
@CathrynMarie they lost 1 bag 
How depressing, an empty tic tax box 
@s1ckvndl i want the entire collection! i love that heart box! i only have 3 seasons 
At bogeys trying to work the juke box...nothing good on it 
OK I mean it can not display chinese in its input box  ?????????
aww man,I forgot to hide my cocoa puffs cereal.  They're going to kill the box before I get back 
has just got back from helping out my brother with the decorating  and is now about to go live on seX box / hawk  ...!
The only two places I haven't looked are in the boxes I packed up and the trash...don't want to do either one...but I have to 
atlast paypal integration completed...a huge tarffic was in paypal sand box..so delay 
@iEgg it is cold here too.   I will have to move the boxes down to the garage tomorrow
@mrsmilly  can't believe i forgot it was on too! forgot to set my sky box 
no i retired treevo a while back due to blowing out the video card.  thinking of building myth-tv box though.  that is after proj 'Torax'
ahh  internet's stuffing up!
 I need a trophy shelf. We have too many for the top of the dvd shelf.
there's a hole in my fenchurch bag..    cock
i think i cracked my knuckle  only dumb asses box with loose wraps and no gloves.
save me from wedding reply cards ... in my bag .. intending  to post them .. always forget until last minute   
No kettle one for me tonight!!! 
@casey_pearson  I left a $2 tip on takeout the other night, but later I started thinking like she took 2 steps and handed me a pizza box. 
I went through an entire box of tissues in less than 24 hours 
@giladby we've all been living in a box for too long 
@goodinparts Probably are - problem is auto gear-box, always expensive! 
our comcast cables been acting up again.  it just cut out in the other room... we have to have them probably replace the box tuesday, ugh!
@awalkingtree id rather put myself in a box and ship myself to another country 
@lostlovely haha, i think he might be too old to learn how to pee in the toilet, he seems litter box trained 
@stevelopez yesss!  i hate boxes  i don't ever wanna see another box or garage ever
@edent I have yet to find and unpack the box set. 
@craigend I think I'm going to have to shell out for a new topup TV box 
brought in some shoes i want to return only to find the bag and the box they go in was mistaken for trash and is gone from my desk 
@MsIngridB ok damn calld box office n they said 11:15 so i'm not gonna make the show 
@christinelu Doesn't everyone? That said, do you have room in your bag/purse/pack for another piece of equipment (and charger)? I don't 
now I need to train her to use the litter box 
@ninfreak22 and there was only one pack in my little gift bag 
@jamethiel_bane okay, i checked the box, and it does indeed have milk.  my bad!
...then early night, all that's missing is the bedtime story and my big box of lego 
My tummy box is broken 
a box of berries pastilles gonez in one hour... i consumed all.... 
I love my cats, but I sure do hate the litter box.  
need to setup a linux box for testing now .. so need to shower in the eve .. 
@HudsonKent juice box?  i have none. Going soccer tomorrow?
whey! sorted out my shoe box this morning, binned a few pairs.... gutted 
@Katetheright I sit behind a desk in a cubicle farm pushing papers from one box to another... 
I may have tossed out a whole bag of cool paper airplanes.  I am made of total fail if I did that.      #asstrending
@LuisJrosales I ate them all...   :/  the whole box! 
oops wrong box.... i don't know how to use this site yet... 
@xeal_nytequist pudding is delicious but not very satisfying  I woud have to eat a whole box worth!
sneezing is horrible.. my blanket has just become my new tissue box 
AHHHHHH my bag is stained  I'm so stupid...
dunno what 2 pack into my suitcase 
And it's all over baggies 
@DaveNaylor they're also giving away sky+ boxes now, while I had to pay for mine 
had strange dreams and can't find her jewelry box.  
http://twitpic.com/5djk8 - I tried to convince @PostGay to buy an expensive bag to keep me in.  I tried, and failed.  
and btw your going to teach me about that box of nerds....mine goes all over the floor.... 
super suprised and somewhat depressed at the amazingly high cost of puzzle boxes 
@jbwebb none as of yet. just a bit of bin  bag to keep the worst of the splashes off  and bag has waterproof cover 4 when im not using it
My printer tray pops out automatically when printing...i did not know this...but the deodorant can which aimed for my head apparently did 
@tibiloo nope, no big box yet 
you know you suck at life when you go to pack a box of condoms and there expired 
@seesmic where has the search box gone? 
@makeitandmendit My box arrived late, wasn't a great selection, and I worked out it was 3x costlier weight-4-weight than the supermarket 
want a new-in-box dreamcast.. 
Phone in box.. 
@_elj only wish my graze box had been delivered 
...digging into more boxes this weekend; can't wait to be box free from the move...missing my girlfriends though &amp; having withdrawals... 
I need moving boxes!!!! 
@lindyasimus I'm just a square box 
life is like a box of chocolate, its sad when they are all gone 
i miss my bag...she was hospitalised and nw cremated...sad...may my bag rest in peace.. 
yeahhh, i have chincken salt in bag bag..with no chippies  @prestonwilliam
i want jack in the box tacos soooo bad right now 
@pollysuperstar we just went to the party store and found a lighted inflatable tiki totem pole but all we found was the box 
@InfiniteKFC I think I lifted one box and pulled my shoulder 
i never realized how much crap i had until i tried to pack it all up into cardboard boxes.... ugh this is going to take forever  
@omgjoker o its feels like a hot box and no matter where i go in here it still feels like a hot box! ice cream isn't working n e more 
I should probally bring a box of kleenex to schoool today, I'm going to cry so much 
@meinj Wish i was out an about, stuck in with a pile of boxes, a sore back and a load of tesco blue shopper bags to fill from the kitchen 
@shecango9984 I knnnowwww I'm so upset!!! I was going to twitter u but my sis's apt is like a led box nosignal! Where was the cookout??!! 
@cathrynmarie i miss jack n box  and whataburger  and oooo taco cabanaaaaaa  lmao
@Cherryadestains It was blatently your fault for just shoving it in the bag when I said no  I felt that you had very much tricked me. xx
I just finished my 2nd to last box of nerds!!! 
@petsaretalking this kitteh likes going in front... or behind... or to the side...of the box. 
@Aerinea ugh. it sounds like a busted cable box then  what time zone are you in?
Computer is packed away. There goes my life. Right into a cardboard box. 
Some d-bag stole @Catfairbanks bike 
ugh! my teeth hurt! its taking the enjoyment out of jack-in-the-box. 
@daniellefecci &quot;You guys could have fun in a cardboard box&quot;.. I miss you already, bro. 
@karyncooks yours just shows up at a question mark in a blue box on my twitter 
i burnt myself on the kettle 
I sooo want jack in the box!!! 
Having a blast closing box... By myself 
@xuntra you'd never. I think I lost his bitz box. 
i've got a small crappy 32cm analogue TV for the meals area.it's not worth getting a set top box for.when digital only starts, it dies 
my feet is damn painful! ahh..sales everywhere..i'm still looking for the perfect coin purse!  lost my lv coin purse..
@exarchbu I scratch my 2.55 bag!  so sad
Going to finally clean up my agnes b. It's starting to look like a cheap $5 bag 
that's annoying that I can hear the icecream van but it's only a music box 
@megadaniel I need to keep up too, I was having trouble reading a pocky box yesterday! 
@tearose552005 What am I doing wrong? I don't see anything but an empty text box. 
Ah, sick at work.  And what I really want is hot chocolate and my x-box.  
i think i just fried my shredder. 
went slightly too far in box splits now my inner thighs hurt 
new bag is already broken 
@hiltonius I wish I could say I was editing like a fool - my mac is in a box covered in a thick layer of dust - audiobook on hold, sorry 
@madison_mae the one was so small we lost it in the box it was under all the blankets next to the heating pad 
ugh pens 
Eating a lame box of beautiful chocolates that taste like ass. I'm actually offended. 
missing my pens 
Moving sucks. Just took a chunk out of my finger trying to move a box out of the car 
@killyourscene I just ate a whole box of mini donuts, wish there was another 
@SandiMon  ... thought about packing a hip flask in your lunch box?
have troubles with win7 beta on my sun v.box 
then when i went to make some tea, a full box of toothpicks fell out of the cabinet and spilt all over the floor. 
@PatrickPatience I know! When the guy came out with the box and asked us to put them in I got pretty sad 
just finish the whole tissue box from sobbing. a walk to remember always makes me cry. 
someone put my brace in the bin today, darn them, I have now found it &amp; throughly cleaned it but i did have to go through the bin for it 
well you still have three ms. beth. i've got an empty direct message box. 
@vexinthecity  my sky box is playing up, keeps saying no satellite!
. @youabu i wish i had a red box near me, closest one is about 20 min away so not worth it to drive and get it.. 
is it posible to get more then 140 letters... like wtf i can't type just a little in one box... bored no one to tlak to on msn now 
@fmll I was given a duster with the 'as seen on tv' logo on the box. I thought it was so cool! The motor broke, so back to manual dusting 
@katiebetic I hate how guys always get us of track..mine eats nutter butter by the box full and leaves them sing around so I binge 
my giant magic flakes box is not so magical anymore... suspect there's an air leak 
@shyobaba Lol! yeah, pre-ordred, should be in the mailbox i think (picked the box from the M. man himself ) but can't play cuz it's 360 
Ravenous and realising the only thing edible right now is my box of mints 
My blackberry is probably gonna die soon  dunno where the heck my charger is.I know its in a box somewhere lol
@robschendel I can never find a red box to rent from 
i miss my display picture  a blank box just isnt the same...... :@
did i really just pack ANOTHER box for my office?  damn, i'm CURSED!!!!  
I hate stuffing envelopes 
@swankphoto at least I'm not alone... I don't even get the brown box and blue circles anymore 
Just spilled a whole entire box of macaroni on the floor 
This bathroom smells like a litter box 
(@thecaitlin) This bathroom smells like a litter box 
@ceciliastarr to my flame box, the only thing is they didn't bloody credit me 
Bones coming up on the box. So much to discover yet. 
@therealjordin I can't wait.  my hdtv box isn't working..
@bklynmade not at all - bookcase is still in box, as the side panel is broken 
@raffale  black boxes probably are in the bottom of the ocean  chances to find it are close to none. all is a mistery total mistery
some one stole 1 box of cigarettes from our room.... please return it to me 
@bernadinee can u take the photo of box collection and up on twitpic for me? Just wanna see it 
I did it again - I keep typing search arguments into this box 
Still trying to rescue my mythtv box. Probably going to have to start over 
@invisiblea I didn't get a puppy in my box, just a big shiny doodah 
@paigewolf depends how far the plastic is shipped from, or is it recycled... the best 2 have your own bag(s), and not forget...I tend to 
@mzpete u r just that brown w/circles twitter box. 
@KrinaR a few people saw it played on the box and smash hits! 
Forget 'cat on a hot tin roof'... ninja in a hot tin box on wheels. 
@boctweet it is a cool gherkin ... the one i was at is more of a big cereal box with matchbox on side 
i wish @youtube would fix the subscription box 
sarahlouisemcm@natalietran your videos haven't been showing up in my subscriptions box for the last 3 times 
@myth_adventure the electric kitty litter box is dieing     its yrs old but but but bummer #litterboxfail
@McBAWSE i knowwwww got the bottle in my bag and no cup 
Such a nice day. I could be walking the dog right now instead of sitting in my white walled shoe box. 
my direct message box in empty 
Lots of stars but no blue box 
sick. in bed. my tissue box and book are my companions right now 
I'm really mad that I can't find my syringe pen 
@richardepryor unfortunately it's on the sky box  not linked to pc
ordered pizza. but kinda lost my appetite after opening the box. 
@DitaVonTeese I would if I could afford the bag 
@grazedotcom my graze box didnt arrive what do I do? all is lost 
waiting for my rancid box to come in the mail 
@iammilky john travolta will send you a box of thumbtacks. ppw is bored 
@inky_skillz Yes, I need to....I'm going to eat this whole box! 
are stuffing envelopes 
I hate residental golf courses. You get wirhin 30ft of a tee box with a golf cart &amp; they call saying you are parked on tee  box 
first two boxes are packed up 
has just demolised a bag of haribo 
@lenamac I have a feeling the ballot box is going to have to wait for another time, yes? 
@jonaweinhofen I was sleeping, now im labeling a million envelopes 
i wish you could get a box of doughnuts delivered to your house like pizza.. maybe you can somewhere, but here.. no doughnuts for me 
just licked all the glue off that envelope.  i failed
i just ate an entire bag of cheese cubes by myself. where's @jessaywhat when i need her? 
I'm so Australian that I had one of these as a pet when I was 2, but a box fell on it and it was dead!   http://twitpic.com/6ptwp
and so my boss is walk n around with a box full of chips and snack.....yeaaa,,,,,so need to learn how to say no thanks...     
@twosteppinant @wiveswitches so it sounds like the dvd with the box set is a consolation prize 
@KnightGrl  girl he tweeted that he was deleting his box  so when he deletes them we get them deleted on our side 2 :&quot;-( lets slam him
going bag paking in asda  
@katiewatie54 your box? haha what? and whats wrong 
I am a douche bag magnet 
@erinkatiehale disappeared from my bag 
@eliiiiza keep resisting......you eat one and before you know it the whole bag is gone. They taste so good, but I feel so sick 
have just eaten whole bag of jelly babies  why did i ? x
@Piewacket1  *holds out a box of cookies*  is it still too late?
@lisybabe I had to pick it up and put it in the bin ... 
How?? Can someone help me pack my luggage bag??? 
@yezzer apparently it gets boring real fast though it's on my list (when my box comes back) 
I just deleted the wrong program my box 
 i just want to crawl in bed with some cough drops, tissue box, and put on a movie. ((
Bollox, didn't want to know rugby score but sky box was still on sky sports 
@KarlaWraight the bloody box didn't tape right, I'm gonna have to watch it on iplayer 
Just ate a magnumethat came packaged in a shiney little box of its own.Its made me feel sick though 
sick.  feels like the flu. i used a whole box of tissues today &amp; the day aint even over yet. will prob use another half a box. =/
and my bag too, buhu 
I had the three right horses but i didnt box the trifecta  No mo billz
@ayirinaaaa my parents are in the box 20 feet from the stage and didnt bring me 
The pens are letting me down 
Wow, not happy with the #pens tonight. We're better than this. 
The pens are failing. 
damn hafta go empty the comost bin ewwwwwwww (b back sune)   
pens, you disappointed me tonight. 
I'm being crammed inside a box by two little girls. It's dark and cramped in here 
@Taynted_lyfe I looked for harker in a box on youtube. Couldn't find it. 
@TrittonUsa oh no my axpros don't work anymore. The optical gate on the decoder box broke off and I can't plug my optical cord in it now. 
I left my barney the dinosaur chocolate hat maker outside next to the bin for safe keeping and .... the bin men took it away 
opened the last box of kleenax in the house.  can't... breathe..  so... stuffy... 
i just ate a box of malteasers by myself, 
making bag for another schoolweek 
Still surrounded by boxes  
Out of boxes.... 
About a quarter of the crayons in my new box were broken 
http://twitpic.com/6uxf6 - brother gave me cut from the sharp edges from the foil box thingy 
I don't even know what bag claim. Ughhhhh I was in such a hurry. 
My bag for tommorow is so heavy  and I have to carry one of my folders in my arms
Scratch the mall cop, red box disappointed once again. 
@whoiskevin I had a file serving box but the dlink was supposed to replace that to free up some floor space. 
Wow, I feel like 20 lbs of crap in a 10 lb bag...... 
i'm gonna need boxes and boxes of tissue for tomorrow in 2nd period. 
It's too nice to be stuck in a windowless box all day!! 
My second monitor has a dead pixel, only just taken it out of the box 
Could be doing so much and instead can hardly move...should be decorating altar boxes right now   ...Is 38 too old to sulk? lol
@pixiebeanz I keep my biscuits in a box, hidden in my office and when I checked them today, I had only 3 pieces left. It's weird! 
@NatalyaFGM it's crap isn't it. i've taken some tablets but my left eye is still gross and i've used 2 boxes of tissues just last night! 
Argos have removed all pens and replaced them with pencils! 
Working during the pens parade 
Still on the big quest trying to locate my bag  bringgg back o bringg back, bring back my baggie to meeeee (8)
going out now.. missing the pens parade 
@RedBullMom I think you are right. Just bought some new cartridges and no envelopes inside. 
Continuously reaching for my box of seashell tissues  xo
@ARKATECHBEATZ because of my passion party this past wknd I have a box n a half of canned pepsi sitting in my room...  with NO water!!
@MellyPatties omg now you have made me want jack in the box 
Anyone know where I can get a .psd or a select box and input box? I found them before, but i can't locate them now 
http://twitpic.com/7hhkt - One sachet per box of rings/fries + one [after begging] = not cool 
@kevinkirchner it was in a plastic bag. 
X box widow 
Wow my youtube subscription box is filled i need to unsubscribe some people 
@kellly39  i didnt wear it to jeremys. all i remember is seeing it in my bag at americInn last, and i checked that bag many times already 
I want to watch the bachelorette but I don't have a converter box... 
This girls perfume smell like a litter box. 
updated tweetdeck and now I don't know how to get it to minimize to my system tray like it used too  
@sirjamesw nope, they close at midnight for construction and they wouldn't go in the back to find the box with the cds for me 
Couscous + silly plastic spoon + daft plastic carton = catapulting disaster! that will teach me for trying to be healthy 
Waiting for the kettle to boil so not online for very long 
@arctic_penguin *looks through box of guns* I don't seem to have a yearbook gun 
@supercharz Unfortunately no  The shackles are too strong. I'm pretty sure you can in some places or 12 to a box. 12 too many for one man!
too many boxes... 500 pairs of shoes... these boxes are cutting my arms up  still needva lighter
is finishing her box of sees candies nuts &amp; chews today!  No more until I or someone I know goes back to the states. 
@entrepranu  You need a box you have ssh access to.. then you can wget straight to the box.. much easier! or use a host with fantastico!
I was delivered a whole box of fancy looking cookies and I'm not allowed to eat a single one. waaaah 
Missed box jump = nasty bump on leg.  8 hrs later &amp; it's still growing, despite repeated icings.  
@elstoleno i haven't been watching it since my freeview box broke!  is it any good this week?
there are too many boxes to go through...  I'm exhausted just looking at them. 
I just ordered two new lucite purses and one vintage style box purse I want to keep them for myself!!! But I am going to sell them 
bag hunt was a fail 
i can't find a receipt for my bose headphones  digital receipts should be standard by now. from paper waste to sheer headache, ridiculous!
@dan_in_the_box ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
I'm ashamed of myself, went shopping and used plastic bag!!  forgot to bring my cloth bag...dammm..
I *really* need a bag of skittles right now 
@mapletears I was here waiting for you to come get me I had my squirt guns duct tape and box of chocolate donuts  but you never came 
@downesy just got a blank box when i clicked on your link 
sad...hubs says buy...bag says bye  no more black bag le
Why are you so amazing, jack in the box 99c tacos? 
Going down to get my bag ready then im leaving 
wishing i had a punching bag 
 he didn't answer and his voicemail box is full.  Dammit.
Silver eyeshadow/powder has spilt all over my make-up box 
is back with 2 boxes.. wheres my last one? 
its 82 in my office and climbing...box fan running on med. pointed right at me 3' away.  miserable 
I need to find my box for advent children. It's got my copy of burnout paradise in it 
Anyone else having issues where when you go to reply the box shows up at the top of the page? 
I'm in trouble this morning because I got into the trash and ripped up Kleenex   I hope I still get my treat of roasted chicken tonight..
@sarahhhmaccc ahhhh i called and it was ringing but then i got the mail box 
Changed the hoover bag earlier and have been sniffing and sneezing ever since! 
Ugh stepped in gum with new flip flops 
i just ate a whole bag of goldfish... disgusting 
just got to my car and its a sweat box! 
If my new video didn't come up in your sub box... which i've already been told.  http://bit.ly/2ptLJA
@bigmcc the spare set of keys did look guilty when i took them out of their box, as if they knew they should have been helping you. 
is missing a bag of records 
twittering. looked @ a house today, made an offer! saw a box turtle and wanted to keep it, but eric wouldn't let me 
i wish i had a cardboard box and a blanket right now  i hate seeing abandoned animals in the middle of the road
just watched two hours of the real housewives of nj and then i lost control of the remote   the other cable box needs to be fixed pronto!
Is now moving boxes alone 
@TeeFly  I REALLY need my punching bag right now! #dannygokeyislove #dannygokeyislove #dannygokeyislove #dannygokeyislove
who just sent me a very very very mean truth box 
I left all my pens at home  Now I have to write with inferior pens with clumpy and nonuniform ink flow for the day. I am a pen snob.
I have a bigger box... time to start packing in earnest 
I want some trix cereal...ughhh but my sisters finished the box 
I have a snickers bar in my bag. I really want to eat it 
@chayce i no  ive bin really busy lol.. how you been? wt u bin up2?
as i was pouring my cocoa puffs cereal, a toy fell out of the box...too bad it wasn't an iphone from #squarespace 
i hate packing  the bag just doesn't want to shut..
@onecoconut It's a bummer that you don't get a bag if you have a media badge 
driving up 5, my parents lost a box that was tied to the roof. turns out it contained irreplacable photos,purikura,&amp;sentimental trinkets 
Trying to do delete multiple programmes from my V+ box is just a tad tedious 
Just about burnt out with the stupidity associated with the being a lowly tech at the big box.  
its not letting me vote misha there isnt a x by his box? 
hungry!  I want cereal...but I finished the box earlier in the week 
The only make up guru grab bag I am hoping to win @natneagle so far I didn't win any of them 
I hate moving, my apt is such a disaster with boxes everywhere 
there wan't enough lunch in my lunch box 
@jnodding I don't like boxes 
cat came to bed with sawdust on whiskers. later on discovered that litter-box had been left outside after cleaning. 
@unicornology It makes me sad  But that doesn't mean I'll move the box of peanut brittle away from my bedside table.
twitter u r sooooooooooooo boring even my inland card letter box fills up faster than u 
Not working this weekend - called in sick. I'll be in bed with a box of tissues, hoorah! I need money so... boooo 
packing makes me sad, last box now 
@bonofree i eat plants, sleep a lot, and sometimes forget to use the litter box when i go 
talking about food, i'm starving  it wouldnt be a problem but i've already eaten a box of chocs. x
great...i got to mcdonalds at 10:35 so i couldnt get mcgriddles. had to settle with jack n' the box 
I've been working on restacking a box cascade failure in the storage area.  
@Zeelicious1 I don't know why it's not here yet  I bought it a while ago and it just hasn't shown up in my mail box :x *cries*
@JudithShakes sorry to hear that   were you packing your s.o.'s boxes?
boo! No phat fiber box today! 
juice in a box disease loll!! back from choir! and sad that it is over... 
I opened a box and there was another box and i opened that box and there was nothing in it. 
Wow just had the best dinner ever in pechanga loved it...  too bad I got my brand new bag stained thanks to the to go box... loser!
@pandacore i am not a hoe bag. 
I am now using a box as a night stand 
My cats ashes have been returned to me today, they were in a hand carved wooden box with a name plate....still miss her 
That gm script installed fx does not accept original key bind, for example C-k for focus search box. That's unuseful 
@StylistaSteals I tried to post a comment, but the comment box wasn't working for me. 
@FairCakeLondon i tilted the box cos of the way i was carrying the bag and the cupcakes fell out of their holders.. the shoe was broken 
explosion in my bag 
@llaras Lots of staring at blank screen. 
Finally a nice day and I spending it traped in a steel box 
wah...I'm a box with an X 
Waiting for the rain to let up so I can put the cargo box on the truck 
@katemcf it great thank, no contact box though 
I need a new box for my books... the one I brought them in has disappeared from the garage, and I don't want to go out and buy another 
@totallyjoshed All I see is a box with a red x 
@davidfarrier she once tried to snatch my bag off me when i told her that i dont have cigarettes because I don't smoke.she got angry 
@TRILLiantP .....fuck a box...yall hating 
Just finished my box of tamarinds. No more fruit art for me. 
@PurseBlog how do you get over the-bag-that-got-away? like being obsessed with a bag, and you can't get it anywhere? 
The stack of envelopes I just had to go through and pull from card section @ wk. I'm supposed to be gone by now!!   http://mypict.me/4Lfd
@chrispenner me tweet alert keeps going to my spam box 
@flapjacks9702 zero hips over here  I wish. I'm like a box (square)
deciding what to ship in box, everything will not fit in suitcase  And my swollen thumb is bitter from that BeeSting,
@califmom no scrapbook type paper around? What about a giant cardboard one made from a box? rofl, I'm trying to help here, sorry no award 
@shootingstarr7   I hope you have a sleeping bag at least.
asking my idiot box 2 show smthng interesting....i seem 2 have learnt everything it shows 
we have NO food in the house  apart from a box of chocolate rolls, so im eating those till my mum comes back from shopping
Working in box till 3ish  but i found a radio i just might make it
stupid cable box missed the start of the grand prix 
All I need now is a box of maltesers, diet coke, popcorn and ben &amp; jerrys icecream and I will be sorted. But unlucky me I don't have any 
My opener didn't show up so now I'm stuck selling in box  save me!
@sprinkles_ still in the box upstairs, got no where to use it till we move and i get my workshop 
Still haven't cleaned.  I guess I'll go do that now... after I eat a bag of chips!
No x box games on holiday. 
@Texgirl09 A few weeks ago. *reaching for Kleenex and a big sniffle* 
is home but only temporarily will be leaving on wednesday, i don't want to go back to the box!  
@SharonHayes no and i have the box checked but it still won't 
Eating a fuck load of chocolate at work. They should have a chocolate box @ the front of the salon. Its too much of a temptation!!! 
@Donaldverger believe unless mracl occrs we will nvr know. batt. In  box, the depth, and the sqmi area...and I fly every wk and wnna know 
@kencarr WHAT? dude.. send me some in a box please?  no krispy kream around here anymore 
I feel super guilty but I was starving and ended up going to jack-in-the-box.  There goes all the calories I burned during spin class.
@loohunter mine is Dfunk85 but my box is broke so he won't see me on for awhile 
@AppStoreMod i dont go in ur box  lol
my life in bags &amp; boxes 
I emailed myself and my message went straight to my junk box 
@tylermunro i'm tempted to open the big box of like 150 freezies, but it's for my sister's game 
@GurinderSingh how does it ruin the box? that sucks 
@trinket_box  I agree ... roll on the weekend and some lazy mornings!
I feel like curling up under the covers with a 6 pound box of velveeta and a spoon. 
On the bus to meet my mum at the shopping centre... Couldn't pick up my folder though, it wasn't in the pick up box 
box status: still packing 
Why are the last recesses pieces in the bag always the best! And then there are no more... 
@abbybaby09    i'm sorry... did you ever find that punching bag?
I miss snow. I feel like I'm in a box 
@fattialias umm on a bag it was pretty too 
What a lovely way to be woken up, but you're mum screaming at you telling to put boxes in the loft, I am tired 
@BigB3n I customised my own med pack. I don't have pic of my pill box  It was s cute retro print in a little rectangular metal box.
I can honestly say, I feel like I'm about kick the bucket, srslyyy. I don't like this at all 
@bag84 brian you still with me 
so. 5 rubbish bags, 4 boxes &amp; 6 bags of stuff packed ... my room isn't even finished yet 
@joanna1979 you found box files???  I'm losing my touch 
@itsdarryl you raise a valid point. plus, you're already inlove with me, so it doesn't matter. my tummy box feels broken. too much sushi. 
I am so regretting having packed my cookbooks and not having listed on the box which were where 
@debi_ann23 sorta. What is in the storage is good to go. We will have to send a box for the shotglasses  don't hate http://myloc.me/5zXR
woooooooo got my hills season 4 dvd box set ! .. and managed to lose my voice.  hah
I've never gagged puked in my mouth while eating ANY food and today it happened, thank you jack in the box you are 1 in a million... 
@KayBella I have boxes, but I don't think they would do you any good... cause I'm here and you are there 
I wish I had one of those jobs were you get the summers off. It's beautiful outside and I'm stuck inside this dreadful box 
@macosken  Am I going to have to tell you to go home and get your shine box 
is it wrong to always have oatmeal in your bag? 
FUNNIfunniest thing ever? the average content in a shoe box is two. i know right? creepy  hair cut tomorrowwwwwww 
checking out virtual box, looks quite nice 
sorting out my bag for beccas, getting the 10 to 12 bus 
had a juice box this morning. You never know the joy a juice box can bring until you have one later on in life. 
@russelltanner oooh @grazedotcom looks good!  How hearty are the boxes?  
@lukerumley how's the macheist bundle treating your windows box?  
@DarinBresnitz throw that box away... i'll make fresh mac &amp; cheese for you 
... don't think it will all fit in the wheelie bin though somehow! 
@bdlkurz It would be great if it weren't for all the dang boxes 
Just ate a whole entire bag of jelly beans. 
Just dropped 30 lbs of cardboard at recycle center. That and composting has our weekly trash down to 2-3 bags from 10-12. 
@vuvuvu2 As for me, I love sand-box genre games. I like to stroll around when bored 
I'm sure i've just seen @sarahtonner's card in a phone box. She's REALLY taking this fundraising seriously 
@modelno1 which box is that then 
Eating goldfish, and drinking my juice box.  and not saying attention in geometry.
@cameronmoll These boxes sound so cool! You might turn this into a $-making operation and rent out box fort supplies to people! 
427 candies! we're stealing them from the box. 
@jodrell that is next on my list  I don't like twitterfic that much, and event box is too much.
Packing..13 boxes and more to come 
@cosmicgirlie  this will last ya last 2 weeks. haha. and C even drew you a picture to put in the box.
bit box of ferrero rochers all for me. yay 
@SherriEShepherd p.s a lot of people leave the boxes in store at purchase...shoes important....boxes...not 
@Antiquebasket lovely custom bag 
i like the accessibility of the search box though 
@staceymeow + i always see him riding his 4wheeler down his big driveway to get to his letter box AHAHAHAHAHH he waves  
@sascha_p LOL, that as I'm reviewing box office numbers and thinking studios are losing lots of money. 
Just found my earring box in my purse on the front row in church 
@deirdresm He's resting comfortably on a box and blanket tonight.  http://pikchur.com/5kb
samberg and timberlake collaboration; dick in a box 
@andcasey sweet! make sure to put some in your bag for me 
is loving the magic pens 
a ceramic handprint from grace and two anthropologie boxes from nate. I'm a very lucky lady 
GEEESH! what a chatter box!! 
@charlesgregory the valentino bag is hot 
@jakegenocide sneaky? what am I being sneaky about? haha juice boxes? 
@matthewvella It did! It's still in the box, to keep it in mint condition  - will throw you the cash tonight
@camds nice try buddy  you can have the amp if you can sleep in the box it comes in ...
will you please sit? i have a cock eye, and all i see is you and your flimsy box. 
@giveherthegun i have a whole box of liquor hahahah. 
got another big box of morels from my mom this weekend - actually dad picks them, she's just my supplier. 
@BentoSet was it a bento box set? 
is re-arranging her crib  more mcfly posters ohyess + pinning their pizza box up from oxford newtheatre  x
just got back from shopping  i got new jewellery new bag and make up woop !! 
http://twitpic.com/5d991 - the box that had of the scrapbook things  yeii
@FrankieTheSats i LOVE the bag! 
@taracraig you can make them yourself.  just find the shoe box for your basketball sneaks.  it should taste exactly the same 
@DinoGoesRawr non- fail. ali found cappachino mix.  now, to mail rin a cappachino. this might not fit in the mail box.
Typing in this little box what I'm doing 
thinking out of the box 
@darklingwoods Oh I love the story box too  ... Magical!
@carole29 Management - don't get me started .... take a seat ... I'll get me soap box ..... 
I have a big box of smarties and I'm not gonna share 
@PhillipChua LOL! don't you always waste decks? dammit, get a Porper!  sif just chuck decks without boxes in your pocket. =P
@CheyanneBrae well babe I am soooooo there for you, need my brain space or support it is so yours, &amp; u know I think outside the box 
@luluphooey at least you can listen to the score any day now, just been to the red box 
@richardquest Although... I could always turn said box over. You may have just talked me into it! 
@dadsbackyard Thanks for that! Could be a late dinner if I start now though ) The box with the dots is so much easier 
Currently stitching &amp; weaving a bag made of recycled wax papers! 
@sineadcochrane good morning  was that your in/out box anyway ; )
@Shaneymac I still have a stack of zip disks somewhere... 100mbs thought I was the king 
box tonight? I thinks so 
@supercoolkp not heard of this service before but just ordered my first box using code so thanks!  www.graze.com
Ahh just painted a manacin and a box 
Boxfresh just sent me a bumper box of goodies. The coat is doing it for me along with the puffer and jumper combo. What a happy day 
This weekend I need to put all my worldly goods in boxes.  I hope I can throw-out half of them first 
@wandatheowl Yay colored pens!!!! 
Starfucks lunch box 
@virtuallori Soon! Right now, all you'd see would be boxes, boxes, boxes!! 
@ceolyn She managed to finish her box &amp; turn it over, but not until after he'd refill just as she was about to take the last sip. 
@sethlong hoping that chrome for the mac addresses rounded corners and box-shadow combination issues. 
Apparently I'm the most amazing person ever conceived. I love truth box 
love boxes of wine 
@curt_mowery I know, my refrigerator box is the shit! lol  
Just had a glass of box wine with string cheese, oh so classy!  
@PhilsLion just sneak in, in someones bag, or shoe, or hat 
In heaven at 2 30 with a fresh bag of doritos. 
@Viennah A nice jewelery box would've been a good idea!  I got her body wash etc, generic, but will do jewelery box next time 
