Most common words for this cluster:
[('boyfriend', 377), ('girlfriend', 89), ('roommate', 20), ('fiance', 13), ('broke', 8), ('http', 8), ('friend', 8), ('lol', 8), ('lover', 7), ('ex', 6), ('haha', 6), ('com', 5)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'boyfriend', 0.9855028986930847), (u'girlfriend', 0.9209558367729187), (u'fiance', 0.8567903637886047), (u'fianc\xe9', 0.8479347825050354), (u'ex_boyfriend', 0.8277887105941772), (u'fianc\xe9e', 0.8010069131851196), (u'fiancee', 0.7957206964492798), (u'ex_girlfriend', 0.7917354702949524), (u'roommate', 0.7502574324607849), (u'beau', 0.7430652976036072)]





why can I not add my boyfriend!!!!! 
is the worst girlfriend in the universe! 
no eyeliner. i feel naked. leaving the flat now to get to the shops for my mum. and i might text my boyfriend. i miss him 
Officially working too much lately. Not enough time to play with my lover, and neither of us is pleased. 
is being forced to try this again by the boyfriend. 
i just left my lover.  i miss him. &lt;3
Why my coworker just told me she's on heroin?? 
My boyfriend says now that he also go's to bed 
I want a boyfriend with a british accent 
missing my boyfriend 
my boyfriend left without setting up my wii, i'm too lazy to do it myself. 
@elise5000 no! You're locked in and locked tight girlfriend!!! I miss you boo 
off to work i miss my boyfriend 
I'm worried, wow i feel like i have a boyfriend but i dont which is what makes it even weirder. I hope you're ok 
Missing my fiance already 
Missing my boyfriend 
@GemDoran who dat? my girlfriend has left me in the library. 
Crying my eyes out, because my boyfriend left me 
i miss my darling boyfriend. 
Missing my girlfriend already  i love you baby!
I miss my boyfriend 
Watching the notebook before bed,  i miss my boyfriend.
And I feel like a complete asshole and a horrible boyfriend 
I miss my boyfriend 
is going to work, and wishing her boyfriend would come and visit her 
I just broke up with my boyfriend...... all I want to do is cry... 
i miss my boyfriend   i need his cuddles
cleaning and packing with my roommate. only 5 days left here 
my boyfriend just texted me..because he wanted to break up. why? why did he have to do this to me? all my efforts for him are vain now 
my babe girlfriend just left for home and work  devvv
@jimspirir me too actually  did you see his girlfriend panicking at the side? haha kawawa
well off to bed all alone. i need some to cuddle with  but i cant find a boyfriend for some reason 
I want a boyfriend! 
I miss my boyfriend 
i wish i had a boyfriend sometimes 
@chadfahnestock I ended up having to work really late so I didn't make it... I just feel like the worst girlfriend ever  how was it?
@bnut_29 is leaving..i miss my boyfriend 
I miss my boyfriend 
already misses the boyfriend 
I'm talking to my jrock boyfriend, but he keeps teasing me 
i miss my boyfriend 
i'm so over my sister and her boyfriend 
is pissed at her boyfriend who's being a jerk 
very sad that my boyfriend has gone back to portmouth 
My boyfriend is lame 
He Knows I LOVE HIM! But he still wont say it back because he has a girlfriend. 
I wish my boyfriend would come back soon 
missing my boyfriend 
It feels really weird to be at a club without my boyfriend 
I want a girlfriend. Why can't I have a girlfriend? FFFFFUUUUU 
I was having a fight by msn with my boyfriend.. 
going to sleep..i miss my boyfriend. 
man, it seems like everyone I know is getting a girlfriend/boyfriend or engaged! WTF 
jst split up with her boyfriend. for the best realy 
i want a boyfriend!! 
Trying to get my boyfriend up so we can gooo 
i love my boyfriend,i love my best friend. how could i love them both so much? 
I need a boyfriend  http://twurl.nl/ricufn
I miss my boyfriend.  5-9-09 i love you michael
is missing her boyfriend like crazy 
@kissability I have a friend who is still convinced she wasn't raped by her boyfriend. She said no, but they were dating after all. 
Where is the boyfriend? 
broke up wiyh my boyfriend he called me a whore and denied it and i had proof   
just got the news. my friend, saw my ex boyfriend with sumone else. i hate it. 
missing my boyfriend 
wishing i had been home to talk to my girlfriend  snif snif
I miss my boyfriend. I hate when he's on call 
I miss my roommate, stationery 
I miss my boyfriend 
Just waken up and cross with my f--king boyfriend 
missing my boyfriend 
I wish my fiance was up 
 My boyfriend is gay.
my roommate is not following me 
awww i want zeke to be my boyfriend 
from lover to hater 
I need my girlfriend...  
missing my boyfriend. 
is rain in here, why my friend still with her boyfriend? I want have boyfriend too 
I love my boyfriend! I don't like being in his bed all alone as he works 
Doesnt want to leave his girlfriend behind when he goes to scotland 
i am not feeling well, my boyfriend doesn't love me 
Sometimes I think about my boyfriend and I realize how entirely unappreciative I can be. 
Waiting to hear from the girlfriend.. 
is gutted, my girlfriend dumped me!! 
I want my boyfriend  really bad :/
His girlfriend broke up with him 
my boyfriend tortures me daily. 
I miss my boyfriend. And I hate essay writing 
My boyfriend doesn't care 
My roommate has officially started packing 
She had a boyfriend 
@MmMmMshell I miss having u as a roommate 
@mileycyrus can u tell me what i sould do if your boyfriend break with you?  i love you anyways...
i miss my boyfriend 
really wishes her boyfriend was here! 
I miss my boyfriend, 
I miss my boyfriend soo much.. 
my boyfriend is angry for me 
I miss my boyfriend  I wish I could be with him right now
I miss my girlfriend so much 
Almost got shot by my roomate.  
#myweakness my ex girlfriend 
kind of really misses her boyfriend right now 
my cousin is breaking up with her musician boyfriend  devo I love him
I miss my boyfriend... 
and now @geezgina has moved out too. officially the last remaining original roommate of 1416 
I want a boyfriend 
just broke up with her boyfriend 
I miss my fiance...    
@kryry atleast you have a boyfriend 
I miss my boyfriend badddd. 
Ugh, i miss my girlfriend 
@CGMakeupLuver My boyfriend's. 
I hate it when you like a guy and they have a girlfriend that barely talks to him and you talk to him more 
I miss the boyfriend 
i miss my roommate  july 17 can't come fast enough!
taking care of my boyfriend. he's sick.  i dont like it.
damm, my boyfriend hsnt called, i miss my babbbby 
I miss my boyfriend 
#tirebiter (it's my boyfriend's project. and it's pretty sweet.) i'm so cliche. 
I miss my boyfriend 
fighting with the girlfriend  it not fair
Not talking to your boyfriend before bed really does make you sick to your tummy 
My boyfriend is snoring so loud!!! I can't sleep 
My fiance got me sick 
sometimes i feel like he's your girlfriend , and i'm your bestfriend . 
is awake! texting my crush...sorry boyfriend 
I miss my boyfriend. 
darn do i miss that girlfriend of mine 
Is already turning out to be a terrible roommate 
Ahh i just missed my lover 
Just had an argument with his girlfriend 
@LoveJoann: Aww thats sweet of your boyfriend.. I'm lonely now. 
I really need to call my girlfriend 
I chatting with me best roomate ever right now. I miss her 
i miss my boyfriend 
my boyfriend just broke up with me 
my boyfriend just broke up with me 
Just said goodbye to the boyfriend. Now crying is in my schedule. 
My boyfriend doesn't love me    I love you jose even though you don't care at all 
Jealous my boyfriend us going to see kenny  I have to work
My celebrity boyfriend is engaged to not me 
i am going to die i wish i had a boyfriend!! 
i want my ex boyfriend back cuz i still love him and i want to see him now 
I misss my boyfriend already.   I want my baby to come home already. damn military!!!
@mandasumi I'm not looking forward to kristin taking over.  girlfriend is super irritating
*sigh* I miss my boyfriend 
used to have a boyfriend, before he played a trick on me.  lol
is going to watch terminator later. And i can't wait! I miss my boyfriend lahhh. 
Its thunderin n lightenin out  this is when I need a boyfriend...sighhhh lol
I'm just now realizing.. I make a great friend and a bad boyfriend.. ouch.. 
sat at college and missing my boyfriend 
Wishing my boyfriend would stop hurting me by talking to another girl both on the phone and txting.  
My usual prostitute is with another client, looks like I'm missing out tonight 
when i had a boyfriend i would feel save but i dont have one!!!  
My boyfriend doesn't love me  I feel so great 
My girlfriend has to go to hospital 
@Shatran i miss my boyfriend so fucking much 
Missing my fiance'  
Figuring out why me and my girlfriend broke up. 
Wish my boyfriend wanted to hang with me  i hate storms!
missing the boyfriend 
missing my boyfriend 
man I miss my boyfriend 
My boyfriend is a wiener 
@nicolerichie I too sleep diagonally with my boyfriend.  In my defense, he steals the covers!
i miss my boyfriend even though we just finished talking 
just killed the batteries in my boyfriend. 
going out with girlfriend, shopping 
is worrying over my boyfriend and his friend's safety. 
@livinproof damn, i shoulda been doing that too marky!! that makes me the worst girlfriend AND promoter! 
just sent my boyfriend to army 
i am sitting here and feeling sad because i just broke up with my boyfriend so now im single ...  
@Samtagious had, but he broke up with his boyfriend &amp; moved away.  I had his boyfriend cut it once, not that great, so I grew it back!
I want my boyfriend care about me 
my boyfriend = asshole. 
I miss my boyfriend! 
i wish mah boyfriend would go get me icecream 
@thedanyoung  my dad and his girlfriend are there tonight too. I shoulve came. goooo M's - even though we suck 
@vanillawhip 'Cos of the stupid boyfriend.  I think she doesn't know how to break-up with him. 
My boyfriend is horrible 
The boyfriend unfollowed me cause of #harpersglobe. I'm VEARY sad now 
Oh so tired. I miss my boyfriend 
missin' my boyfriend...   
talking to the boyfriend , he's not funny 
I feel so lonely I need a boyfriend 
Drunkies, woo!  But I miss my boyfriend 
Massive update, she's possibly sitting next to a boyfriend/husband. He looks older and rich  
going to bed boyfriend just left 
I really really miss the boyfriend 
boyfriend is in dubai.. i miss him 
Oh man my sis boyfriend is.....well she has to live and learn I guess. 
@efan78 still grey and drizzly here; inside my flatmate's just broken up with his boyfriend and has a bad cold 
@gweNDlamb u also need to stop being mean to ur fiance 
i miss my boyfriend 
is exhausted. And unhappy with her boyfriend. I wish he would talk to me more 
You love my boyfriend more 
I just seen the finest white guy ever! But he had a girlfriend, so sad! 
my roommate's boyfriend might have swine flu 
I wish I could find a nice boyfriend 
@dirtyslut my boyfriend is just being a jerk off, he likes to txt when im with him, but when im not he doesn't want to txt me 
missing the boyfriend. 
I'm missing my boyfriend 
pissed off at simple minded people, why do I have to be a lesbian all because I have never had a boyfriend? my mother makes me *tear* 
I miss my boyfriend 
Is watching TV  very peaceful. &amp;&amp; is missing her boyfriend 
i miss my boyfriend(?) 
!!! to bad u have a boyfriend! 
wishing my boyfriend was here with me 
Taking my sickie boyfriend to the doctor 
I'm so jealous @erine04 is staring right at my boyfriend right now!! the square 
I miss my boyfriend 
My mom and her boyfriend are asleep on the couch next to me. It makes me wanna be by my boyfriend 
boyfriend jus left my crib so now im lonely!!! 
missing my boyfriend terribly 
@binnsy I still feel like my boyfriend has walked out on me... 
just woke up...i'm sooo tired...missing my boyfriend 
i want my boyfriend to not be sick 
i miss my boyfriend huhu 
i miss my boyfriend? oweh 
just broke up with my boyfriend  really not happy.... i didn't think it could hurt this much 
i am so tired and i miss my boyfriend!! 
my best friend &amp; my boyfriend are leaving 
@shsraiderband94  haha. i need a boyfriend 
@stephsterr619 I love miley!  why is everyone hating n my girlfriend? She's the shit
@sunnydeelight my boyfriend is blurry  http://mypict.me/2Wz2
Missing my boyfriend. 
@onlyONEdeejay im not a lover but i let u blast what u want 
I miss my boyfriend  And I don't know how long I can wait...this fuckin sucks 
I feel icky and I miss my silly adorable boyfriend 
My daddy have a girlfriend recently. It was happy. But not happy because she was too old 
is hoping his girlfriend will be able to talk to him soon... 
@blairxx it seriously felt like my boyfriend broke up with me 
Just caught another firefly.   I miss my boyfriend.
apparently @stephencisneros has another girlfriend, how sad sad sad 
last year, i lived next to a guy who would always have really loud sex with his girlfriend. now on central, i still have loud neighbors. 
Why do i have a girlfriend when it does not seem like that I do... 
my boyfriend just left 
Tired, but I can't sleep until grandma is resting. 'Twould be nice to have someone to talk to, but the girlfriend is nowhere to be found. 
I can't stop think about you... &amp; your girlfriend 
i miss my boyfriend  can't wait to see him tonight
@bobbyedner I'll be your girlfriend!  But we live to far away from eachother 
missing my boyfriend 
missing my beloved and amazing boyfriend horribly  ....I love you!!!!
biggest argument  am annoyed at myself right now. haiz. oh well. love my boyfriend eitherways;.
slightly tired of having an mia boyfriend 
ew. not excited..I realllllly miss my boyfriend.. 
ugh, working. missing my girlfriend.... 
@mickyates tried to hint at my boyfriend to buy me one but it didn't work 
I miss my boyfriend already 
rizzo jus said he is tlkn to a client...i think my boyfriend is a male prostitute... 
@frenchie_hun best friend!! i wish i had a boyfriend 
last visit with boyfriend before i leave for ohiooooooooo 
@VictorStivalet can't wait for vacations but i'm sad because my boyfriend goes to houston 
I am sad because my boyfriend I cut myself 
@Onballoons home -_- he's working on his final. i have no boyfriend 
i mish my girlfriend 
sitting here thinking about my boyfriend! missing him very much  hope 2 c him soon.. [keyah and mike]
I really miss my boyfriend @losoway22 
is missing her boyfriend ALOT right now 
I feel like crap and I wish my boyfriend was here to lay in bed and make me feel better 
can't believe what i saw! K.B. kissing a girl...supposedly his ex-girlfriend...it hurts 
@xxXnaderXxx  Aweee shucks!!! i miss you too  ehh dude i think my girlfriend hates me... 
gretchen's moving to philly, time to find a new roomate 
They comes when i have boyfriend but they gone when i alone 
I miss my lover @socialdiss 
Having a nightmare roommate means i don't get to sleep...  so tired. 
@Sharonaa i'm waiting for my boyfriend 
I am learning a lesson and i'd like to be with my lovely boyfriend 
Missing the roommate..   
is thinking.......she misses her boyfriend :'( 
Not feeling so good...thinking I'm going to vomit, majorly stressed, and wished my boyfriend would soothe me 
@emmsu @ainojonas i need a boyfriend tooo! 
;( i want a girlfriend 
If your girlfriend can't say that she loves you, then she must suck... 
I miss my boyfriend..... 
Missing my boyfriend  can't wait to see him 2mrw!
i miss my fiance! 
i love my boyfriend, i love rice-a-roni, ironically, i wouldn't love if my boyfriend was rice. i'd eat him. and be lonely 
@Veganluke I can't even skype  still dont have my laptop. but yeah me and my boyfriend broke up.
ugh im booored . i miss my boyfriend  i pissed him off earlier lmaoo .
Seeing all these couples at the mall makes me really really really really miss my boyfriend 
missing my boyfriend 
@girlfriend01 i dont think the cough eva reaaly went away. It was just hiding...n i found it. 
awww i feel so bad for my cuzin's girlfriend she's texting me and she is sooo sad cuz my cuzin moved over here.  i feel so bad for her!!
@auritech I watched it with my girlfriend (she hates it too) - I wanted to see what all the fuss was about. I still don't know 
I almost had a psychic girlfriend, but she left me before we met 
Is missing her girlfriend want to talk to her  
i miss my boyfriend lol 
How gay that i just got home and my boyfriend is most likely asleep so i cant call him. 
you know what....it really sucks when you break up with your boyfriend. Even if it is for the best 
I miss my boyfriend  ...
boyfriend thinks im too freaking skinny 
@dukadukes she was lying completely still and making me think she was dead. it was really scary. i called my boyfriend + my mom, crying. 
@MissRaydaDiva lmao I told u already u abandoned me when u got a boyfriend  lol
@thebeve or just a pair of sparring pads and a live-in boyfriend 
@cmcenyc My boyfriend is broken.  badly. Mentally.
my boyfriend thinks im faaat 
missing my boyfriend 
dustin is a sleepyheadd with a mean girlfriend 
So I broke up with my boyfriend and he took me serious, lol 
just said goodbye to her fiance 
i'm missing my fiance  i just despise when he goes for offshore,
.... mitchel musso has a girlfriend. 
hanging out with friends right now. i wish i had a boyfriend 
i think my boyfriend is cheating on me!!!!! 
Missing my fiancee sooo badly!!!  I love you baybay!
my girlfriend is mean 
boyfriend and i fought and now i feel sick. 
I really, really, really miss my boyfriend 
 guy troubles...he just has to have a girlfriend...
I miss my girlfriend...what happened to her? I'll wait til she comes back 
boyfriend is moving always idont know what to do 
I'm actually so cold  I need a boyfriend. :L
missing my boyfriend 
waiting for my boyfriend to call me ! i miss him 
What's the use of having a boyfriend when you never get to see him?? I miss you  &lt;3
My cousin is stealing my future boyfriend  Why?!?! haha!
is still looking for a roommate 
feeling very restless. wishing the boyfriend was here. 
i want a boyfriend 
I hate when my boyfriend says he'll call, but ends up not calling 
i hate fighting with my boyfriend.. it makes me feel so torn apart 
#inaperfectworld I would be with my boyfriend right now 
wheres my boyfriend 
where is my girlfriend 
I misses my boyfriend like crazy 
I miss my boyfriend 
@JoeJxFlyWithMe we should be prepared for tons of girlfriend drama 
is applying for internships and missing her boyfriend. 
i still wish my boyfriend would take me to warped tour  
boyfriend i want one 
I miss my boyfriend already 
I wish I had a roommate to move with 
i miss my boyfriend and someday husband 
I'm sleepy but can't sleep cause i miss the boyfriend 
hey twitters how are you all? with me not so good, my relationship with my boyfriend is over 
i want a girlfriend  http://plurk.com/p/12537b
i just woke up, i miss my boyfriend 
@DaveTaylor my fiance won't let me by one  Arrrrrr
@EddyRhead customer I think.  I am aware I do have a boyfriend, but flirting here might get me cheaper tariffs. Plus he has lovely eyes.
I miss having a boyfriend who talks to me 
I need a boyfriend too.... 
waiting for my boyfriend to come around. well bored 
A date with my girlfriend. I miss my boyfriend .. 
i miss my boyfriend 
im think my boyfriend lied to me... 
contemplating snuggles in bed but seem to be missing the presence of my overseas girlfriend! 
Wish my boyfriend was cuddling me to sleep.  
i want my boyfriend 
@TeamGomez wow I feel bad now  I've never had a boyfriend
I miss my boyfriend   
I need a nice boyfriend. 
Waiting for my boyfriend to talk to me.... 
saw my potential new roommate. HAHA. ohnoes. 
:/ im worried about my boyfriend. very worried acutally. 
is wanting to talk to the boyfriend. 
I miss my boyfriend really really really bad! It's been soooo long! 
my boyfriend hasnt told me hes made it home  im worrrieddddd.
exciting plans tonight!!! I will miss my boyfriend though 
I wanted to get married once, but my fiance fell in love with another invisible person. 
i miss my boyfriend 
is hungry but boyfriend is not awake yet to take me out to eat. 
I miss my boyfriend 
i miss my roommate. i'd never be bored if she were around. 
#notcool  when u have to work while your girlfriend gets to go swimming and have fun 
@jbastiancole turns out my girlfriend wasn't a fan of the statement, and thought i was going to dump her.  
I really hate that my boyfriend doesn't have texting... 
Or I would be going but my boyfriend tied me to a chair!  http://www.reneengstrom.com/bajs/515.jpg
#iconfess sometimes i forget i have a boyfriend... 
I miss my boyfriend sooo much 
I want a boyfriend! I feel so lonely  TayHO
Misses the boyfriend 
I'm concerned about a girlfriend.  I hope she's okay.
my boyfriend i miss him  hes driving so he cant text me   #trackle #squarespace
hating my boyfriend  he ruins every special plan
i need some advice    I can't forget my ex-boyfriend!!  I dunnoo What to do!!!!
I wish my boyfriend wasn't so allergic to my little kitty so she could cuddle with me on our bed 
 my boyfriend has a boyfriend 
I act like I'm in the club in my car...lol my boyfriend is a homebody  but I heart him still, so we're watching a movie at his.
@MPsLadyScorpio eryone used to think my dad was my boyfriend...even when I was a teenager 
waiting for my boyfriend to come and pick me up!!!! agh he's making me mad!!!! 
I miss my boyfriend 
I'm in love with the boy in front of me. He has a girlfriend. He seems like such a nice boyfriend too.  my life sucks.
It hurts to see my sister and her boyfriend.  And I don't know why.
i really wish i had a legit boyfriend. 
My girlfriend should call me now 
I want my girlfriend to get unsick. It makes me sad 
why cant my boyfriend be 21 
We just lost in beer pong  but my boyfriend is amazind so its ok
I wanted a dad to be card but my girlfriend didn't get me one 
i'm heartbroken.  mitchel musso has a girlfriend !!!!!!!!!! (((((((((((((((((((((((
still 20 days before i can see my boyfriend again... 
Just got back from the hospital with my boyfriend! 
angry at my boyfriend 
I missssssss my boyfriend like tonzzzz 
we just dropped off my brother and boyfriend off at the airport 
I miss my boyfriend 
where is my boyfriend 
you know, it'd be nice if I got to see my roommate  I miss her.
I need a boyfriend  http://twurl.nl/obaedb
no roommate or two roommates? 3 bedrooms are hard to find though 
Picking up my sicky boyfriend  then poool bound ;)
doesn't love his fiance enough. 
dear loving boyfriend, i'm really sorry. 
Missing my boyfriend... 
 just walked in on boyfriend trying to hang himself.  he's okay.
is excited for this week but misses my boyfriend and doesn't know if im ready for this wedding.. 
I miss my boyfriend. 
doesnt think she is going to have a boyfriend for much longer tbh 
My credit ran out while i was talking to my boyfriend 
My boyfriend cut his wonderful hair off 
if Yelana can get a decent boyfriend why can't I? 
Where is my boyfriend? 
I miss my boyfriend so much. I wish I was with him to help him get through what's going on with his grandmother. 
Wondering what is my boyfriend doing now? 
@ AcidRainDropz I'm soooooop bored I wish my girlfriend were here 
so tired but I cant put this book down, wishing I was next to my boyfriend 
@tomsnewwife He is?! Wow, he's not a very faithful boyfriend.  I feel sorry for you.
ahh. i'm tired. i'm spending the night with sis. and i'm trying to fix my phone  i love my boyfriend!!!
@Suitcasekitten  sorry that dude didn't show up. You can be my roommate. We did it once before
I miss my boyfriend 
Missing the boyfriend. 
I miss my boyfriend 
I want to work on the project but my mind don't  so sleepy T_T boyfriend is M.I.A too T_T
is missing her boyfriend so very much todaaaayy!!  http://plurk.com/p/13xe47
Is being left on her own by her evil boyfriend 
I have the greatest boyfriend 
Beach with boyfriend - just enjoying the scenery 
My boyfriend snores really loud, it woke me up. But it's alright i love him. 
@kidrobot23 - I wasn't kidding about the beads; my girlfriend loves 'em, but feels embarrassed about getting them 
@JournoHudson I disagree, what's wrong with being a serial lover? 
love talking to my boyfriend on the phoneeee 
just had some dinner and now my boyfriend is acting completly absurd and like an ass...what else is new? 
@officialTila how is your boyfriend name tila? 
going to hang with my boyfriend 
hanging at my houe with my boyfriend 
at the cape with my wonderful girlfriend 
@Lucyvonne11 can i be your girlfriend 
might have a boyfriend soon 
my boyfriend is here 
@MickDeth but boyfriend that is  haha
cursing my boyfriend 
is going to be on her way home soon to wonderful boyfriend and her besties!!! 
@pleasurep can u b my boyfriend number 2  lol
Watching the Kardashians with my girlfriend 
loving @alzmilz...shes my new girlfriend 
@MikeBissett maybe when i finally go to university i'll find myself a nice vampire boyfriend 
@zerolab eclipse with your roommate? or creating it? 
fucking your boyfriend up the ass 
My dad and boyfriend and bonding via fixing my boyfriend's car 
http://twitpic.com/4h07z - getting knocked out by my bro's girlfriend 
getting ready 2 go 2 bed and cuddle w my sexy fiance 
hanging with the boyfriend...I'm very happy 
thinking how much i love my girlfriend 
Aww, my boyfriend made me a beat.  you beat maker you&lt;3
Rolling with the boyfriend! 
wlcome @johiw44 - i'm proud of my girlfriend 
Talking to my best mate and my boyfriend on msn 
Is at the movies with the boyfriend!! 
Amazing day with my boyfriend. He's a good drummer.  
my boyfriend just bought me tickets to american idol 
My boyfie is now my boyfriend. 
I want my present  where is that boyfriend?
@TheRealPrin gooooooooood i dont like ppl to hate my boyfriend 
http://twitpic.com/50vpb - Sexybeast is my boyfriend 
my boyfriend is with me.  I am happy 
I have a boyfriend 
@LSlavik you are the most magical roommate ever 
@cynchrys I need you to dm your address again. Thanks girlfriend. 
i seriously have an amazing boyfriend. period. 
hanging out with my boyfriend and my friends 
I kinda have an amazing boyfriend 
dreaming of my handsome boyfriend 
laying with my boyfriend....awesome 
@ztnewetnorb he wanted to be my girlfriend 
@gfalcone601 haha, have fun!! I have to have dinner with my mum's boyfriend. I hate him  xx
@Hulluliini I never wear makeup, so I always look scary  But my girlfriend seems to like it!
Right here with my girlfriend and its funny here 
I have a boyfriend... He just doesn't know it. 
I couldnt have asked for a better boyfriend, friends or weekend 
Ah! I have the best boyfriend ever! Its indescribable! 
in bed bored broke up with my girlfriend was for the best 
is back from college and laying next to her gorrrrrrrrrrrgeous boyfriend in bed 
I think my boyfriend is very cute when he's sleepy 
@barrysaunders kill your flatmate then 
I have the sweetest boyfriend ever 
i with my boyfriend 
is currently at the naval acemedy watching her cousin graduate, and finding a navy boyfriend 
I think my ex-boyfriend should probably stop posting passive aggressive tweets about me. just sayin 
sitting next to my boyfriend. i love him very much...  also in health and social bored lol 
I love my girlfriend so much 
Going out with my girlfriend now  xo &lt;3
excited for my boyfriend to get here 
about to eat dinner... i'm thinking Italian! I love my boyfriend 
I wish my girlfriend wasn't sad and that she was in my bed cuddling  i &lt;3 her 
laying in bed with my boyfriend watching a movie, goodnight 
talking with the boyfriend, stoked for nest friday!! 
my boyfriend hates me, sweeet 
I love my cute boyfriend 
my girlfriend got laid off. We'll be unemployed together 
with my boyfriend 
