Most common words for this cluster:
[('broke', 326), ('gone', 190), ('break', 121), ('went', 82), ('stuck', 74), ('left', 48), ('amp', 30), ('burnt', 29), ('lol', 29), ('com', 26), ('shot', 26), ('sat', 23)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'broke', 0.7439510822296143), (u'went', 0.7072855830192566), (u'gone', 0.6763864159584045), (u'errant_shotmaking', 0.6060041189193726), (u'broken', 0.6020865440368652), (u'smashed', 0.5993970632553101), (u'break', 0.5946577787399292), (u'ripped', 0.5939359068870544), (u'tore', 0.5931143760681152), (u'knocked', 0.5910959839820862)]





@imaginarypeach now your leaving me  .... -gets sad-
@honeyortar the hinge broke  it works, just doesn't open smoothly and it's pissing me off. I dunno I'll see if it can be fixed first.
tooo early. im running late. 
@Juzley Yaaaay, maybe I should've gone 
is sad that the march break is over 
Spring break isn't as fun as I had wished it was going to be. 
where has all the duchy originals peppermint tea gone?? down to last 2 bags with no replacements in sight 
http://twitpic.com/2yii3 - my q key broke 
@nasaw033 jaybug i think the kool aid fixed me but now it's all gone 
was watching larry king live and our cable went out booohoooo 
Wrll that one went surprisingly well. How disappointing. 
can't wait to hang out with david and ricky...but im sad that david's leaving 
My ipod just broke. 
@michellemiller I was supposed to be there, but I got stood up 
forgot to go to work !!!  i sleep too much...... hahaha
Its storming  I don't like this
We would be stuck in traffic 
 my purse broke. the clip at the top fell apart and i can't find all the pieces... i wonder who can repair such things
My granny has fallen and broke her arm!!!! 
@isacullen nooooo. -hides- i kinda... -cough- forgot. 
@NiceguysFree oopsy! All gone! 
@jensayshy told u not to get a boy. U broke the rules 
the phils lost and brad lidge blew a save 
@riandawson wow. i wish i could've gone!  that sounds awesome. we couldn't get there.
is thinking I should've gone to the roller derby 
i just had a break down 
Headed out for the club - almost broke my ankles on the curb...smh its been a minute 
stuck in traffic. 
Spring break bout to b finished 
@natalietran u went to new york n didnt take me?   lol
No... my sandal broke  barefoot for the night.
just got back from camp! I should've gone earlier. it looked like so much fun  haha
my bed broke 
just got home... tingting brought me china cigarettes and they are cool. tboner went to sleep so now i have no one to talk to 
@rasga I burnt my fingers too, unfortunately. Some idiot lit tealights everywhere and one went out of control. I fought with it and lost 
break up 
@eggfriedrice It's on, it's definitely plugged it, it's definitely USBed up to grover (took it out the hub, even) but XSane won't play 
@MASTomson I know the feeling mate, not felt like I've had a break at all recently... Even though I have, hardly ever feels like it! 
eating late lunch  taking break from cleaning out closet 
back from a mini break in the spanish hillside..  fantastic!!  but simply too short  
has her student loan through, not that it makes any difference, im still fecking broke 
is back to college after the easter break 
@aberro It's already as hot as balls here. It might as well be summer break 
Another 'launcher gone 
the problem with having a job that pauses for the easter break is that when said break is over, you don't want to go to work 
sitn up n precal...lost as hell.. 
@Shibbers awful, right? seeing that little one put him over the edge. 
my spongebnb tongue ring broke 
My pencil broke 
*Kicks her twhirl* It's stuck!!! 
back to college uhhhhhh  had an awesomeee easter break though, like really
@alanpereira I responded  twice.... find then... go poke boys! see if i care...  ::scampers off::
its pouring outside = 
@otherniceman there is no balsamic vinegar left 
36 possible endings and we wound up dying when our boat hit some rocks. 
fake id = gone..  we had a good run.
@rustyrockets would have loved to gave gone but was at a shoot. 
@DannyGirlAlways I will ttyl, I feel bad for leaving you 
@Misssarahnoir its nearly all gone 
@MobayPrinCess lol you guys are just killin me here....its like a threesome gone bad @kiannabanks 
@caiab aw  you should of ran over to him and freaked out. haha
Oh, now a dove has come to join in....it's all suddenly got very tacky 
so fast the long break is almost over. . 
is actually going mental being stuck in on her own 
@i_can_deal i would love to, but i can't  went out for a nice run though! ran by your dorm haha
washing machine broke 
@krislikewoah I got stood up, I'm bored as well 
stuck in traffic on the 101 
is fed up, fed up, fed up, fed up. It feels like we never get a break 
wishing i went to bamboozle 3000 miles away  was it amazing for those who went?
the chop is already broke. 
@BlalocksIRP I was wondering why it was stuck. 
@dollarcoin They were new and I wanted to wear them, didn't think I'd be standing/walking as much as I did 
@jackadog think you might have struck out there mate check the streams from earlier  #pawpawty
I'm freezing. There's no heat in my hosue  my heating's broke..
is going to a christening hung over 
feeling slightly better. still a piece of me is dead and gone 
's sister broke her necklace 
@azninabox took it out if my pocket and it was stuck halfway open 
where has everyone gone to? 
@rajacenna that some one was bitch slapping me 
@xirclebox I was like 3 when this song came out. 
my ipod broke  it's staring at me with 2 X's over its eyes. seriously.
I'm going to go lay down and be sad now 
http://twitpic.com/4hvko - when i was making this photo.. there was a butterfly on it. but its gone now.. this stinks! 
@yvonnechristina I guess, its gone 
@nxc42 pretty much. its alll gone though  bring me more.
ughhhh  i need a break
Up early because of hubby's alarm of which went off by mistake 
shut down again...sadness 
@jomanlk sniff sniff unfortunately man... im flat broke.... 
sigh ... my fav cup broke !  !
's weekend went by wayy too fast. 
really broke. havent been this broke since lasts child support bill.. 
stuck on an army barracks in fremantle 
@JackPierce LOL no no no where even near that but just looked on the website and its gone 
@bmthofficial good! i only got to see you guys twice in january. broke my ribs at the second show so couldn't make it to birmz 
If someone is following me and wants me to follow them I will  ASAP  but my comp. is broke 
@realepicurean it's all gone 
There is one slice left but we can't finish it 
@Laurendtp u are silly and i am mad u left me and acelin... 
i wannnnna go home n lay in bed 
@MrSelfMade u found it? its gone off now! 
i need you now, do you think you can cope? you figured me out. i'm lost &amp; i'm hopeless, i'm bleeding &amp; broken...i've come undone. 
@pikipeter I want a JELLO shot! 
was v/chatting with @jochangnj but @robaan stole her  and i really do thing @katiespence should go on aim... that is all.
I wish I could've gone to prom.. 
ryan's amp is getting fixed. The transformer broke 
 rip shirt.
Long day  I'm about to be soooo Knocked out for the next 15 HOURS!  
Going out w/ andria on her last sat nite on the island 
is really sad coz her sim card broke 
broke my sunglasss, again 
@DomHarvey Especially when you hear them talking about standing on us 
hung overrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr, now off to work 
Knocked out of heat 1 - backwards at 50mph  at least i got an apology! #fb
@squareville must be nice...our washing machine broke, apparently 
broke my vintage sunglasses 
disliking how sunny it is when stuck inside 
I've got no dry shampoo left  and i really really need it.
Aaand it's stuck again. 
@tiffett what did yu think of dead and gone? i'm so on the fence 
duck is all gone now!! 
Car is broke, we are done 
@nancycoop u went without me 
break ups suck! 
break ups are horrible  specially when ure left with a broke heart
@ditBOMB i feel neglected lol...i think im leaving 
With you is where i'd rather be, but we're stuck where we are... It's so hard, you're so far.This long distance is killing me... 
@mysterejones i know..i was prob running around 
It's funny how much less I update since Twitteroo broke 
stuck in a traffic jam 
bear gone to work and i all alone!  i miss him already x
gone for a smokee... and tired 
R's throwing up now 
my favorite harry potter mug broke and then my mum threw it out when i could have fixed it  ill never find one of those again...
I think this broke my bb browser 
My managers laptop just broke. I asked her if she's tried turning it off and on again. I got told to fuck off... 
my ipod has broke 
B-ing blown away 
Is praying AT&amp;T don't go on strike. I don't want to be broke. . . . 
@TAntwon D  I still can't believe ur leaving.
@theBrandiCyrus prison break is AMAZINGGGGGG, i dont watch it anymore though 
@tardisgrl She looks so sad, sitting in there. 
@habitmag your sandwich broke? 
@destrydkcfea you're bookie  hang out before I leave!
@erethfamily glad to hear it was fun!  who went to ground round? i'm sad i wasn't there  ~mae~
caught cold 
@lawerca nope! ive gone to every tour since before the prom tour and i cannot believe im not going! sadly im broke!  
Oven's integrated microwave function broke down  I can just imagine what kind of bill this will turn into...
broke my fucking chair again! i should stop bouncing on it! 
@millerwentworth hey I was just wondering if you have any new projects coming up since prison break is over.  I think you're great!
@MrBinks not at all broke and sober 
Where has summer gone 
sad tht prison break has ended    
is gutted at the prison break ending 
its pouring it down  getting ready to go to townio!
@sbtm77 gone with the wind i guess...  i actually thought they pulled out the banners cos they were gonna open there 
@bsverdlik did u finish watching prison break? i didn't but i already found out what happens 
just finished watching the last episode of prison break 
@drewboy no its gone 
I am stuck in traffic trying to leave this marathon!! Roads are still closed even though the race ended 30 mins ago 
@kevinmerrill ... welll i was suposed to be getting on but i'm straight broke and my car's dying.so it didn'twork out 
@wickeddiva We volunteer for an exotic animal rescue. I let the hedgie climb up my sleeve, she got stuck and panicked. 
@johnny101 I almost went. But it didn't work out. .  I also don't think I couldof stood or walked much longer in my heels 
On d bed nw to lalaland. And finally, dis shoppaholic is officially broke. 
's bus just broke down 
I think I got stood up 
Shit my fav bracelet just broke 
- The magic's gone... 
@etornado  is this his first break up?
making diner  going to munch since my phone broke  stupid lg viewty! second time's its broke
 my ipod broke....now i have to earn some cash to buy a new one well i'm off to work bye pples
@Ashp0rter get a new one  mine broke a while ago too and i JUST got one last sunday.
@FJSMIV i wish you had stolen me with you so that i would have gotten away from all of this. i need a break 
Just noticed that some of my photo frames fell and my hs grad photo fell and the glass broke. 
damn earthquake almost broke my lamp.. erg 
@gabyrosario  they are the most comfortable running shoes I own. Srsly.
@shaunjumpnow aww how cute XD i wanted foto wif u but my sis broke da camera on sat 
@Emmkat I'll feel bad leaving them there though 
I just want to give her a break. 
i dont have enough spit left to gleeeeccckkk 
i'm really bored of this 'illness' ,it pollute my blood like a toxic , it comes and gone as one likes. i cannot avoid it 
Part of my little toe's nail broke off 
halfway through 
my spectac's broken 
not only is i am torn but also sad. im speechless. 
@DonnieWahlberg *tear* i missed out  glad to have you back home!
@SKORPIOLOVE nope cause then I'll be jealous  mine broke
I just want lay in my bed this morn but I have a shoot 
only one piece left! 
broke my nail, really badly... blood everywhere, i was crying 
Haha Lies was on foxtel so i put the sub on 2 65 and u could hear it from down the road but then mum came in 
@bradpeczka aww just missed out all gone! 
its storming again 
you`re hungover &amp; I`m broke 
My fone broke 
stuck on my heroes_contest fic 
stuck in traffic. 
I want another electric blanket, my other one broke  ohwell, I suppose that's what you get for jumping on the bed..
Definitely should have taken off and gone to keenan's for eggs with peg 
has just broke a nail..   
http://yfrog.com/5au8dj oh no! Knocked over my starbucks (plastic) cup and it broke 
need a break now...... 
tired of all this running around 
Year 11's left  quite sad
now iam broke  
http://twitpic.com/5p035 - i finished with this wound then the entry to club hipico 
Ouch I got a shot 
@livelights ROFL! there's no escaping it  LOL
@xduckiex  I'll come bust a rescue mission but it might take me longer to get there then it would for yall to no longer be broke down
... I lost it... its gone 
http://twitpic.com/61edh - its pouring down in ctown 
@LaniiBlunts but i dont have a professional shot 
my brother's left, stuck alone. 
@warley That took a really sad turn 
@sammi92 I know  im broke!
Wish i would of went 
@MsDasia - read it and then u forgot about me  im breaking up with u lol
on the buss once again and when I get home I have a driving lesson wooow I really need a break a good breatherrr 
@JBMareMareJB aww you and mandy left 
@REALConformist not luccy I damn near broke my foot last night 
sigh....it's always so sad when you watch the series finale....no more green wing left to watch 
stuck in huge traffic jam 
is wondering where all her friends went... 
My leg broke, now I am waiting untile i can go again 
don't think that went well, was only in there for 15 mins 
not long in from sunbathing and burnt 
@TheMakeupSnob I know   It was worth a shot, though!
http://twitpic.com/66u67 after the shot calmin down! 
@gotcoff33 haha I wish! I have 1 filling that broke and 1 cavitie that needs to get fixed!!! 
   *old me's dead and gone*
on break with @kellyaelliot . It's raining 
had to turn down the near perfect mini break 
fun times. just broke my usb stick.. like literally broke it..  
my favorite curling iron broke 
@melodykid ahhh i cant go then! i could've gone at like 1 
My flip flop just broke...walking in downtown seattle 
Moses and his girlfriend broke up! 
christian lacroix, and one of our on-off clients, gone bust.  http://tinyurl.com/kv653j
wishing warped tour came to london canada..... 
Just got caught in the down pour 
i think i just good stood up... 
just had a falling out with nick 
Is on break...I'm so tired 
 my fab broke
goodness gracious my chair broke 
my nail broke  I haaaaaaaaate
loving the rainbow outside. i think its gone though 
@hijadecano I was wondering where the pic went I can't see it 
you dont really know what you have till its gone. 
@gallerycat i miss u all ready  *tear*
got a sore troat  gone to bed... Buddday we needs to talk........badly
just got stood up by @MzSocialBfly  
@VizardKid [tear] 
@EboneAngl well mybe its only gone in philly,  Haaaaaa
@selenagomez Awww your leaving! 
enjoying her new ride...not enjoying being broke for the next month 
@angelcutie4evar I would've gone with you but didn't get invited  haha
Having a break without the kitkat 
stuck here in coll  and all sad
My aunt broke my joe glasses and there beyond repair  
@brodiejay it's all gone now. 
woke up today unable to hear out of my left ear. its making me disorientated and miserable 
My record in hula hooping is I think 832???I dunno...my hula hoop broke so uhh... 
@xxcristahhl you get moneyy!   :0 hahha, i am broke i only have like one thousand left in bank.    &amp; you ARE PRETTY! dont lie crystal!
need to sort out my running.... 
10 mile run turned into a painful 2 mile walk...right ankle gave out, bent 90+ degrees, and popped... 
i am sun burnt so not fair 
great outside but stuck indoors working 
great it's a beautiful sat and i have to go to work! 
@manic_nimrod Totally, i need a new psp too, my old one broke. 
Is all burnt and sore 
hung over....so tired right now 
@KatieMillican thank you!! It all went wrong.  hehe
My fav headband broke 
@MzShaniceLuvsU I'll call u on my break! 
@Daveydz3 on a sat  gay
only thing is... im broke. 
@lisarinna I feel like a thrown away used rag. 
awhh..selenas gone.  @julieshibazaki we never got to see her... D:
@RachealMarieB LOL. I wore them for a shoot &amp; bought them from the stylist... then my homegirl wore them &amp; broke them... 
stuck cleaning 
broke her work pants  hahaha
stuck on folly rd. its worse than usual 
you never no what your missing until its gone.  at dancee.
Some one stole my cruser backtire 
back from fishin. caught 7 n got burnt 
@sorcha69 but that's why he needs a break  i think he's been trying so long he's tired
@kellarenee Aw! I wish I could've gone  That's so cute!
It's too nice out to be stuck inside. 
@Suchashambles i'm flat broke... And i don't have a ride sorry 
@westlifebunny not fair leaving me out like that. 
awww everyones gone now 
I think i got sun burnt though 
their is no fish left in gorham 
I will rather lock myself in prison than cut this forsaken grass 
My 360 broke 
Playing a 340 at venetian, lost half my stack so far 
@MoReilley ur leaving us?  bye mobear
I want to jail break it *cry* 
in manchester, no fuel, and the steel pin which locks the filler cap shut is stuck! i aint goin anywhere 
went to the junk yard...delaney was cute ! , got our down payment back  &amp;     , went to dinner then walmart...
gone to bed. still very sick 
My fountain broke. So sad 
Ughhh projector broke so no moviesss  http://myloc.me/29rj
i need a break 
broke my juicy perfume, it went everywhere 
I'm hung over ahhh hang overs suck magerly 
@magicswebpage That's how it goes   it sucks...hate being broke after paying bills lol
Like I am really missunder stood  
why is my avi gone??? 
@myamakeupartist I wish we could have went.  sooo borred!
i am really stuck helppppppppppppppp 
Still can't get the hang of this  haha
 I am sad, broke, homeless, and unemployed. jumping off a bridge in one week if this doesn't change.
@anaggh I need a break from them places 
aww its gone. live long and prosper #ohnotheydidnt 
needs to start working again!!! sooo broke! 
so broke...my shopoholism is at its worst 
I'm up and very sun burnt! 
broke my headphones 
swear i've broke my foot. it's all swollen &amp; bruised &amp; i can't put it to the floor  couldn't even walk home yday!
I have the worst hang over 
broke the bank and it wasn't even appreciated 
@Jodes_I_am its all gone  
@cazp09 the lights off and my sisters gone 
@brittanyashley welcome to the broken screen club 
@SylFabulous i knowwwww...im turning 
damn im burnt and it hurts 
thread got stuck in a knot in the front! i was doing so well... 
@Julian_Obubo I didnt know he was leaving  *tear!
@xxkristinexxx I only get sin burnt. 
Even though it didn't happen to me, I'm still upset over the break in 
hey guys, i just went out looking for my kitty who went missing after a fight with my neighbours cat,......... didnt find him 
@TheHouseofMouse I love these! But I am broke 
Having a broken hairstraightenes is really pissing me off 
stuck in moterway traffic!! 
http://twitpic.com/6cixd - So fucking sad. I had a tank top under and when I took it off; gone baby gone. 
finally leaving the hospital...broke the tip of my finger at work 
my catie's gone 
on my break. ugh wanting to go home soooo badly.  
I need a break 
arhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh fun over my cord just broke 
Really sun burnt lay in bed 
Its pouring over here 
he lost  lmao oh well i sorta saw it comming
@jillmyles @angelajames I was too late. all gone by 11a 
I am soooo sun burnt right now!!! 
is so sun burnt 
Driving back from long island stuck in traffic 
@dslunceford url broke so had to send again 
going to fred meyer soon to get a new chain for my cross cause the first one broke 
@jesstar619208 i really wish @jtimberlake and @britneyspears never would of broke up 
Its a sad day when your forced to hit the resin cause your too broke for green. 
@missmadison one spot left for camp  i wish you could come!!!!!!
having a broken bone is not fun especially when its hot outside 
@hellokatelyn we alreay went 
gone out to eat. taping the last hills episode ever 
@lilmarc8909 I would but I wana jus go lay down 
@benjimmin ahh this is true. i forgot. 
@ss_slacker: Is the comic gone? 
@NativeofNature I don't think so. I'm super broke right now 
no skiing  sadly the boat broke.  *tear*
My dishwasher broke 
burnt. owey 
My washing machine broke. 
@trexsandwich But whenever I see bdsm gone badly I feel all sad and horrible. 
http://twitpic.com/6e1hj The sound barrier broke my engine 
I jus broke my sunglasses...gaaaah the first pair ive ever broken  tears..
twilight snagged 5, five! too bad rob and kris broke the tradition of kissing 
@onlydanno Apparently halfwits kept asking them to do a new single... it's blerdy awful (as per usual) and will probably be a huge hit 
taking a break before I shower. I stink 
And now it's all gone 
@Plip I'm jealous. I'm about to be gerrinasweaton by running 
shut-down #twhirl 
@ChadMichMurray cant belive your leaving  it wont be the same with out you!!!
broke up with her bf 
All that $$$ spent and its still acting up 
shut up tonyy  ggrrr
dammit just broke a nail! and it suks when they're real! 
(@desiree_monique) shut up tonyy  ggrrr
broke the spindle housing on my weedwacker 
@ShesElectric_ really jealous! stuck in here til 4! 
my poptart is all gone! 
But then the hob decided I didn't deserve and gas and it all went downhill from there 
why does it feel good having flings?  I feel guilty.
 no more goth-trad this sat! i was so looking forward to it! argh!
so burnt 
's driving instructor is stuck in traffic 
so broke  I hate this feeling
@AngieAreI or am I caught in a hit and run?  I'm old enough to remember when that came out. 
@jonrimmer I had that one.left it in the dovedale 
live search to #bing broke cashbackr.com 
going through a break up 
 *tear*
I want to see the left 4 dead 2 trailer 
@hopsterr skype broke i can only use aim 
sad because my niece just broke her arm. 
@fountain1987 was sad  u gone 4 gd???
rip precious 
@lebout She over bleached it and its gone white, very white and she doesn't like it  x
It's absolutely gorgeous outside and I am stuck inside. 
I hate when I start cleaning then get halfway and want to stop but can't. 
i couldn't get a good shot.. 
@Rhoulette I'm sad I won't see you ladies either  hopefully soon though!! You're all stuck with me now! Muhahahaha
@Aieshaaaa the cheeky scumbag stuck their hand in my pocket just as i was getting stuck in &amp; enjoying new found glory 
fantastic!  the washing machine is broke 
@christheknight your leaving ? 
personally, i'm pretty upset ian left the cab. he was my favorite 
My sister's hamster broke her back foot.  I feel really bad cause she just lost her first one to wet tail, and there's not much we can do.
burnt my toungue  studying and j&amp;k+8 laterrrr
just payed all my bills ! now im broke  sigh...
burnt out from studying and there is still more to come 
I think we should take a break 
keri you'll have to call me tonight for are nightly smoke break which seems to be turning into our weekly smoke break 
give me a break already 
i jusst broke my chair 
@sixfive drove by...but it was over 
broke a pair of sunglasses 
so I just got stood up 
@REDHEADEDSLUT it was wonderfully wonderful.. but now i'm depressed its all gone  lol
i need a break  seriously.
my gold shoes broke 
broke my IPhone.. looking for a new one 
It's fucking storming, badddddddd 
The aeroplane that went down in that freak storm. Pretty scary for their loved ones. Not knowing what really happened to them. Be awful 
@MAGGIECHICKEN i can't go   -broke- I'mma cry from missing them. IT'S RIDICULOUS! I know they're playing a pub in northcote though as well
why do they have to be sooo expensive...tear 
unpacking  and later going out to buy prison break 4 and he's just that into you!!
#flylady finger cut,while washing a class that broke  plaster on lets put timer on 2 continue with dishes ...
It sucks being a foodie and broke !!  
is sooo burnt out. 
I think they all forgot. Honestly 
got woken up at 7  fell asleep and has just woken up 
One of the charms on my keychain broke 
English GCSE went rather bad i'd say 
fuck shit my sandal just broke.. 
My lamp broke  I can only study if I have lots of light :'(
Just woke up and holy crap its pouring outside 
me nicey toe nail broke.  me upsets.
didn't want to say I'm sorry for breaking us apart... =(  http://plurk.com/p/xwdx9
i have just broke my new bra 
My ipod broke...no more music...  
My flat iron broke. In the middle of doing my hair. I think i'm going to kill some1. 
I think I may be sun burnt... 
This elusive snare hit is pissing me off!!! 
@BrandiJ84 camping--sat on them! 
fuckin starving &amp; broke  not a good combo..
@EstelleDarlings nah u forgot about me  - when are you coming back?
@Fneptune i know .....  it sucks being broke 
your gone. and you don't like helping 
..watching the braves getting no hit 
 *tear*
french press just broke 
@DonniesGirl69  Your leaving 
@SarahKSilverman its gone 
@Beerycee im at eves watching man vs wild with cmen and george.. chaz broke up with carmen.. 
bestbuy.com is broken  I might have broke it.
Actually, i have one last final to finish up and it just keeps on dragging on and on 
@iamlols that pic gave me nightmares 
@butterfly269200   you no came to see me
need more m&amp;m's!! there almost all gone 
Has everyone gone? 
Where has the sunshine gone? Means I have to sit inside and revise 
My bud's gone mouldy! 
@PeterOlson I'm dead broke 
My trampoline broke 
@meriwilliams it may well have been  ligament damage can be worse than a break
@kianto we shoulda kept the streak of hanging out going and went out 2nite 
OH NO!! itunes has broke 
hates feeling left out 
So bummed, small straw broke big camel's back   Here I go again on my own...
@trvsbrkr why what happend? is it shana's turn now? 
@amnobrega shut up!!!!! wow! Dennesha  I sorta saw that coming.
Everything's gone wrong ... gloomy  
Misses her kitty  just broke down. I want my kitty back. 
Economics exam went pretty bad 
My sport teacher broke his leg 
@strawberrycola to bad i forgot it 
@starrylites: it's not that... I am broke and it was impossible to coordinate going with peeps.  feel
(cough cough) heading to bed... (crawls under covers) 
:S my partings gone dodgy again 
My banana is all gone  lol
i hate being broke 
gone now. not exactly keen. not without my rike 
listening to paramore ...staring at the ceilling 
its pouring outside 
ops i burned my pizza and my pop in the frezzer blew up 
stopped raining frogs  but my boss was happy w/automation so he told me 2take a break &amp; leave early.. will get my swim b4 sing after all
Where've my applications gone!   They've disappeared off the dock, and I can no longer find them 
stuck in traffic 
@aeniman I wish i could've gone to cali  lol
Its pouring raining here! 
Not stoked that Tylers gone. 
hair is still a mess...  I wish a had a hat to wear...  
The keyboard just broke 
@officialnjonas nah u forgot me 
the ski broke down so no tows today  just going to go for a mal out front instead
Going to bed angry that my skirt broke the first time I wore it 
i don't want to take the sat 
@randymatheson my turntable broke  miso sad
my nail broke  waiting for foooood!
@Amberasaurous shut up 
A supplier called &amp; woke me up .. now can't go back to sleep 
@_G_G_ if u had asked i would of gone 
stuck, cant do much it seems 
@brianearly i wish you were here too!!! ilene and mike went to texas and left me by myself haha 
Just lost with A/Q hit the straight ran up agianst quad jacks   lost 80 in that hand fawk
my shoe broke at work  i am craving pastaaaa.
Ouch, my grade took a big hit... 
@hideyourarms where's it gone? 
Rents seem to be going out shopping... leaving me to revise 
My blogger posts are all gone gone and gone!!  Sadded4lyfe.
Actually feel physically sick, it's all bloody gone 
awhh now i'm sad that ian's left the cab again. 
Ouch. Reinstallaion went really bad and I do not know if I can recover my data. 
on my luch break.. y does it have to rain so much 
were has the sun gone     whoever stole it bring it back...... essex needs it lol
@laurasaurusrexx  there must be a crack out there somewhere
may have broke the sewing machine 
my washing machine just broke 
@jakeacedo no! ran out 
so torn. love sveta and so happy for her, but dinara  so harsh.
Off to take the sat 
@mccaptain fucking hell  saw it coming though lol
I'm torn between what I want and what I need.. 
My uncle woke me up and now I can't go back to sleep.  and my left side hurts for some odd reason.
So sad, leaving wonderful for crappy in a couple 
yikes! just balanced my check book. i am broke! 
@NajibIzz im dead broke 
@melodyraidy I am so sorry! It's like pouring salt in the open wound. 
Oh! The button that broke is working again... it's still spazzing out though 
done with AMCAS. paid the expensive bill. broke 
i dont like the leaving cert 
@Chayid you should've gone!! 
http://twitpic.com/6r4nu - my niece broke her arm yesterday  -I came out to take her for a milk &amp; cheer her up
my 50mm broke 
is trying to fix her broken straighteners, and failing miserably 
@tear96 I would, But It says I'm too old. 
Our little kitten went missing. I'm sure this will be seen as my fault. 
Fml i hate being broke 
 My necklace just broke again ..... Last thing still attatchd to wit the ex. I miss him soo much
our 'fast bowlers' are getting hit rather quickly 
@athoob that is attractive to me. 3ayal all dried up and torn? 
Wow, i am happy that i finally oiled my boots! Haven't since last fall, but now the boot oil is all gone 
@saramcfly12 saraaa theyr gone  they left to chile 
It's @drumgoddess versus the broken shaker. 
Aww were stuck in anchor bay!! 
Why do bread sticks taste so darn good? I can stop eating them until there all gone. Then I'm sad 
@Rorzshach @gdmcrpunk billies gone away 
Their van broke? shiiit... 
woke up with a full grown kuliti! 
my shoe broke 
Ughhh I wish I had of went to bed  the burger is not worth this.
I ran over a dove. I feel horrible 
My ihome broke! 
@MdmPoppyFields They may be gone-gone now. 
@fleuryous I just get nervous and angry I don't hate the pens I love them and I wishhhh it wasn't a shut out 
@uaq Your gf didn't like the rose? 
@dainen i dunno what happened.. but its gone  
really bummed out his twitters gone 
waiting to get off workkkk.. i look so cute and stuck waiting 
Wow watched the break-up and it reminded me to much of my last relationship...  
@dorkydeanna i want the R:A dvd  alas, i am broke. only have wonderland &amp; greatest hits. good tiiiimes.
I'm supposed to go to sleep but I'm really not tired. The one that went to sleep early was up but grandpa broke up the party 
@justinimmel - My brother and I both wanted to attend this. But he is sick, I am working, and we are both broke as shit 
I got a tat paid a grip...now im broke! 
@KimberK damn. resend your last txt... i was incoming while i was deleting and poof.. all gone. 
@int23 being stuck in traffic having to take a dump can be worse..        trust me on this one
another wknd gone......  at least i had fun!
@melissaWOOF i hope bmof aint gone for good but i have a feeling it is! 
one of the eggs fell out and broke 
the overnight babysitting went well - 5:30 is too early to wake up though 
was out for running, just 1 hour but toally tired.. 
@juderogers  i should've gone.
where have the majority of my followings gone???!!! They've dissapeared 
Another one gone...!! 
shugar. just burnt myself with the straightners  xx
@henryholland never throw out the high tops!! 
all the pez is gone, gone i tell you! depression 
is tired of being unemployed and broke 
my ipod froze. whilst playing shut me up...its funny...but now it won't un-freeze 
aww it soudns soo good and im stuck here 
My scar's gone 
caught flu 
No Arietids for me - got up, went outside, but it was too cloudy 
My teas gone cold 
@bessiemc all gone and it wasn't big enough to share  (obviously I didn't buy them! Or it would have been big!)
This is beyond normal.  What went wrong? What have I done? 
@dootdadoo so sorry you got hurt.  broke or bad sprain?
broke my specs 
My ring broke. 
My necklace broke...  but its fixable
@MandyMoos ooh axolotl? marmite came but well it died 
@heahtorras no, all just good intentions i think! also i think dozing took over! i miss you  xxx
its storming! I'm scared! 
you can't get a hang over if you never go to sleep 
Getting caught in a rip current is not fun  lucky it was a small rip current
one of my speakers is broke 
@alannahJc i know its out haha but i can't play it my cd rom is broke  is it good?
omgosh.... i think never again..... blechh! throwing up while driving is NOT fun... 
I feel like I've been stuck here forever. Its so dead. 
my sonic screwdriver pen just broke. only doctor who fans will understand the loss i am suffering 
I pretty much have a hang over! 
@tessayan i need to buy a new running shoe too nike.. but the gold edition gone 
@guccitheboxer aw  don't give up! it takes a little while to get the hang of it #barkhunt
So I guess I am stuck 
I was trying to do a special type of pull up and i almost fuckin' hung myself without rope 
@miike2112 ur gone?? everyones gone! jakes gone, marissas gone, ur gone...   
My break is over but I don't want to get back to work 
broke my dad's cam.  
@SookieBonTemps *yergh* So sorry.  hopefully you reported your old one lost or stolen so it will now be a very expensive plastic brick?
@MakeEvanUpYours I just watched it !! I think I shed a tear or two! Ugh! Lol 
aren't you supposed to stop breaking out once you're finished w/ puberty??  
damn would have been great for rookie if that one went in smoothly. 
I don't want to get up and fix that stupid flashing clock. . .  just knock it off!
@djksly our state is broke as a joke 
Three little guppy left 
my contact lense broke yesterday...hate wearing my glasses when it's nice and sunny 
#bah , the left 4 dead was in russian 
@janinerockwell you + @kingboola stood me up. 
@Babyswags so no break for you at all... 
broke my nail extension   going to visit my one &amp; only manicurist soon~
its just sunk in, @amorphic is gone 
I was doing the gardening and the strimmer broke! There's only a patch done now! 
@campus, My fever just gone from bad to worse  ujan siyalan
owww jonas all gone now 
@smashes stop 
@nasalcrooner don't remind me of that, I have thought/fought for it for long. 
stuck with so much work!!! 
@SassyKittyGrrr  I like your thinking but human took it away from me 
2 crushed feet  only 1 healthy one left.
just dropped and broke my $160 straightening iron 
Why is everything so expensive for motorbikes. That's another 300 quid gone 
broke her wayfarers beyond repair and is soooooooooo devastated! 
@bobbythomas1 Are u gone?  You come in like an angel and now your gone? 
@shelby5 someone broke it yesterday - screwed my journey up 
the lock of my hello kitty watch just broke  I'm afraid it can't be fixed...
1 fish gone to fishy heaven! 
Not feelin good... laid up in bed 
the magic's gone 
breaks over  be back @ 12!
I'm really enhoying my luch break...do I have to go back to work? 
omg. i didn't noe there was a final break for prison break.. so anyways, i've watched it and it's so sad 
@rankfish  JT left too 
I fell like throwing up 
@williamanthony i'm torn. I want moes but I dunno if I'll be hungry by 430ish 
Wowies our mall had a boom thunder pow hit lol. Knocked out the power in the mall. I missed the 1st half of an important conference  call 
@MomoFali And I'm crying because I'm the jacka$$ who broke it to you. 
UGH.... stuck with Twitterfon 
@esmeeworld can u pick me up one also? hehe. im stuck working. 
stuck in the flat. lonely 
Thats it, I am going to take a break. I got over 9000 erors 
@Dannymcfly your lying right? please! 
my double dip broke 
stuck in traffic 
caught a fish and my wallet jumped into the riverand made a speedy getaway  I still landed the fish. Turns out he was expensive
My cat broke my chair. 
@shelleywellywoo  it didnt last long, only a couple of crashes, but heavy rain knocking sat signal out
i didnt know tht nlt broke up 
Just dropped my cam and broke it. 
i have broke my toe  
@isavedlatin89 and @hopeudance88 are both gone now 
headache now  and ipswich station got struck by lightning?!
is so sad that fit fast went out of business  http://plurk.com/p/116vu2
@HisGirll19 major break up 
@LVeeMD i wont &amp; i tried that! its just stuck 
broke her shoulder on friday 
@kateweb I think @angryfeet had a spare - may have gone though. 
all me kimo and shatter r missing is our @bethbrittbrand 
crash and burn    I think I need a break.
my favourite pen just broke 
uuuughh why is everyone gone and/or busy? 
I wanted to be in one  ..tear
@itsTCHONG Lmfao, oh damn you beat me! I have the first three books but then my broke self couldn't afford the rest 
all my documents and photos and songs are all gone call tech support they basically said i screwed up its all gone  tear
@cerealck1 agreed  are they both gone now?
I'm sad your gone 
Uhmmmmmmmm im broke now 
when you a re gone    
going going gone. off to do some errands! damn it's raining  twitter later!
@MisMystery I don't think there are any left 
@xocasmyre woww i thought they just kinda broke up... 
@littlefluffycat i think i might've had a little too much fun and gone &amp; gotten myself a cold. 
on the boat leaving catalina.   tired.. but i had funnnnn!! xD
i think @Songzyuuup forgot bout us 
@samicappola no. cause my camera just broke. again. garrrr!  kben :]
just got done swimming with shelby! reallll tired. and burnt 
@littlemini89  My phones all fuckin broke and I can't text you 
@leslie825 my ball officially fkn broke! 
its storming and my lights just flickered 
My dog broke his leg  im so sad..
@strawberriie i am sitting next to you... now your leaving me to pee  
my estranged gf just punched me in the testicular region and now my left ball is sore 
@mszpara u and @kszpara both gave up on me..... 
@KAHardy soooo, i was just sittin here eatin cheese its, and tried to chew with my left side.,..FAILED and thought of you.. 
My camara broke and my vacation is only half over 
@theashleytaylor  back to square one of break up recovery
thinks her gaydar is broke!!! 
my zipper broke  ... stay tuned for more of the interesting adventures of keith
should be up and running soon...as we figure out what broke 
forgot I had twitter--will work on it. 
Computer is broke!   How will i survive!
@LulaArchuleta i think, twitter went down 
I'm writing porn. Why has everyone gone to bed? 
It's all gone wrong.... 
@amyshell awww... i took it to get your numba.. forgot to return it methinks 
@BeckySmithster One did that once and it's beak went into its brain  but it was still alive and all suffer-y so we had to kill it.
I can't believe they have Been and gone  it went so fast ppl there must have thought it flew!!
Tiitii's gone now....bummed 
and its gone all over my bag! 
nsync gone is on the radio........... tear for all the fallin x's who will never be with the mayor  one sec of quiet for the losers lol
caught chuckie just now when he ran awayy... 
woke up at 645 to get my boarding pass. can't go back to sleep. 
Twittering not been the same since my crackberry broke down 
@KGALLANT they arent entitled - theyre broke 
@christay0102 apparently they can come out and you need to check every now n then that they r still there...mine came out 
@djcable I shoulda!!! so solid came on...it were promptly turned off 
would of went to take that :O , but my sister forgot to give me the ticket , i really wanted to see the script 
I'm trying to write, but failing. I'm going to take a break, and fill that break by washing the dishes 
s*** seems to be working again - guess this means I'd better crack on 
Oh nooooo my necklace just broke  
Haha @Raineexo her happiness went away! 
Ufff......I need a break 
@clueaday Wondered where #167 was only to realise I missed it, there's the hat-trick gone  MISIDENTIFY
@just_mel_ I need a break...definitely. We have to do what we talked about 
I tripped over the cord and broke my favorite lamp today.  I'm such a dope sometimes.
#haveyouever gone shopping on your lunch break? I do that way too much 
yeeeees!!! today is payday. but after bills n shyz ill still b broke... 
i woke up to laundry being thrown at me. 
Getting a shot 
@gone2dmb 5! too long 
@ItsTheRocketeer yeah, it will. Too bad I'm mad broke. 
So bored of sitting in bed I want to feel better 
@buchephelas It wasn't supposed to be! I think it must of got warm  I opened it up, had a sip, went BLEUGHHH! and then it slooowly erupted
too bad it's all gone now 
gone to work 
Ugh stuck in traffic and 15 mins late for my first lesson 
@EricaAV lol o.O did you see me on break from 1:16-1:46...you shoulda came over i didnt see you 
@QWSTION hi...do you have a lot of problems with the metal clips securing the shoulderstrap on the sportbags? mine broke off again 
I want the new iphone....more chance of being struck by lightning. 
@YellOwPuddin n now i think they may b gone 4ever 
@MikeLoT13C I really should have done that before I threw a spoon at a window today, and broke it. 
I somehow broke PockeTwit. 
@heatherlbyrd But love is surely better when its gone 
@AndrewMBryant mann. i wish i could've gone! 
My keyboard just broke!  The letter 'd' took a heavy beating  Can use it if I press it just right, but that's crap for fic writing! 
Its pouring 
prepping for the sat 
@Mistahbroooooks don't get stuck out there! 
bummer, the bell on my bike broke off 
Aw jim devine's gone  i was looking forward to him making an arse of himself in more interviews :L
@sheyllaaceves I know boo-ski Why do we always why stuck with them 
Defective mic. Falls off stand, rattles when shaken. 
my ipod just broke. i bought it w my own $. 
@Execcc i wish i would've gone 
wondering when i'll get a break 
hrmph. #gwibber is broke so I'm back on twitterfox. sans indentica 
@fErNniii Aww, they all went to bed early?  
my bracelet just broke  also i need to sleep chu know
@livelaughsing92 hung up on me 
where is everyone gone?!  all talkative &amp; when i come on you all run away on me?!
@laurenconrad i wish u would have of came to bakersfield 
@ddlovato I saw Notorious...I wish he hadn't gotten shot. 
brief history about prom - didn't like it - girl went crazy - wasn't my fault - she didn't understand no - was blackmailed - wasn't happy 
broke the lid of my pot. 
broke her thumb  well maybe not broken but it surw feels like it
@SashaGrey damn I would have went there had i known! 
@despair78 Alamak... how long do your have to be stuck in this organisation? 
is confused &amp; torn 
Jst woke up. I shld have went to bed earler. The eyes feel like lead 
1 #follower gone. 
I just saw a boom mic sneak into the shot! I want sonic. 
@sutty76 not been watching true blood  stuck on 70s sci fi 
@AbsolutMAL I tried that once as a kid. It went soggy and broke apart. 
@rdpixie i know, im getting too old (and broke), plus i always miss the bands i like 
@StCathsEnFrance Its chucking it down here 
@brinTONE I second that. 6:30 came too early 
@PGAWK but ive left it in my locker! 
@Frotila shes gone 
headed to work...stuck in traffic 
@joehhzeh aww I felt so bad for him when he got told to have a break and he got sad  lol I can't cook good in general 
sanded an old table so i can re-vanish it, very dirty dusk went everywhere 
break up 
doing laundry..almost broke my neck going down those stairs.I wish i was in L.A for the parade 
dear tweet, is going to school and my blow dry broke this morning. 
Hates my fne it's broke the touch screen isnt wrkin rite 
gutted. I was about to hand 2 assignements to find out my memory stick broke. So here i am starting from scratch! 
I had to get a shot 
my longest nail just broke!  back from gym, really beat..
the paint stir stick broke 
@JasonBradbury well 6 has been and gone , i told you ! 
Is tired. I was walking.... walking.... and walking. 
my magic bullet turned on me! I gots a cut 
@tweetdeck .26 download/install failed, and broke my .25 install  now i can haz no more tweetdeck?! 
hates being broke 
@OkamiMars My nachos are all gone, unfortunately. 
i love shopping...shame i am broke now  
@brittanybionic shut up! no you not byue 
i don't know if i should stay on my break anymore 
broke my glasses   ...can't see for crap
I found a tear in one of my seatcovers.  
@xsarah6192 my internet broke !  some are so funny eh! :L
Trying my hand at fishing again...recap: last time my reel broke off and flew into the lake...now its storming  just not meant to happen
@sammi_jade so your 1 of us too!!!! i always thot u went to bed early chick.so annoying not bein able to sleep 
@KamalTimeCrook Marks pepsi one went really well but I think mine had to much alcohol in it 
Its storming. I think i'm going to cry 
@Zakkajj ugh, saw headline... didn't want to read any more 
@MattReeves17 so i gatta go to  diffrent hospital sometime, and get stuck with nedles. 
Just dropped and broke half the bowls in the kitchen. 
is twitter broke?  I can't follow anyone back 
@Leishkin :S Ouchies... very expensive.. mum went through it all and then ended up losing it anyway! 
@mmoody  *tear*
@lucitaM nope not yet I hate being broke  that's what I get for my shopping addition lol
The Balldozers lost by 1 tonight... And my thumb nail is broke... 
@Muhreenaaa stole my bed 
@firefly04 date went bad?  
Fixing my mixer. Crossfader broke on my djm909 
I don't know if I'm going to work tomorrow; broke out in hives  so where will you be working?
@Lworley_335 i am jealous its storming there!! it never hit cf 
I knew I should have only come to stockland with $100. gahh! broke again 
dug up my retainers... so painful! 
So burnt 
@therealpickler Gahhhh I wish I could've went!!! 
Is lying in bed wondering where the glorious sunshine went that she just woke up in 
@Paranoirstar is mommy still gone?     
3 hour break is almost over 
@thatboymikey I'm the only one brave enough to take shots of 100 proof I wish mikey was here I'm so bored 
i am really mad i still dont uunderstand what went wrong 
broke? i know i am  sell some stuff! http://www.bidfox.co.za
I need to stop staying up this late 
All in all the transition for the iphone os 3 went rather smoothly.  Now where is our push notification?  
ugh! my shoe just broke! 
@KellyRuthxo me too! I just dyed one of the extensions I bought but its gone so dark  hmph
ugh its lashing it down outside! 
is sick and broke... very unsexy.. 
the freezer broke plus we have to work tomorrow and we still can't leave early. 
ugh break is almost over 
@crzyxazn they're all gone 
i'm too tired,i don't even use break while i'm driving 
really needs to quit smoking. went for a run today &amp; I couldn't breathe. not even joking. very very bad. 
i hate all the comercial breaks during so you think you can dance!! they&quot;re driving me crazy AAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!!!!!      
ugh, cleaning so i can get some gass money.  i hate being broke.
@jrogean a pipe or something broke. my beach trip is a no go 
@snubs KonBoot broke my laptop, now it BSODs when it boots  I blame you.
somehow I went from being respected and important to keeper of screaming toddlers, what went wrong? 
i think mac studio fix broke me out 
man its storming  and we're stuck inside at least and made it before the pouring rain! thank goodness
nooooooo, where has dougie gone? 
Home, just been informed the padre broke the hack 
About to do my running. I feel a little sleepy though 
going to the removal romorrow then funeral on sat. rip grandad 
has been getting stuck in traffic--on multiple HWYs. 
@Redmanthinks I only really got fully in to it around halfway through S4 so wouldn't really know 
My favorite armchair just broke.  The bird was decidedly bad luck 
bored!!!  been billed every1z  gone to bedd!!
My nail broke 
@valverde gutted I can't play #flightcontrol no more...  damn jail break!!
@rudedoodle pure broke I'm afraid  tell your better half I'm sorry, I'm still dying to catch them...
@cybersly i know dont hit me 
Its its difficult shopping broke. 
I can't catch a freakin break lately. 
@ddubzlveableleo crunchy's gone? 
@colormyworld14 tough break... 
is hanging with rachael and she like broke her toe  ouchyy
I dont want to get a shot 
@Datdymefyne what happened to hitting me back 
My bra just broke 
My last crabBie died   rip clarkie 
I need to go lay down 
All of these public figures are trying &amp; succeeding in breaking the 1 million follower mark! I just wanna break 100!!! This is depressing 
@fabfrugtrina  that stinks. I can imagine it would be hard to find a yellow dress especially another by sat. I'm sure she will understand
had when dad's break promises 
@greghurtault went went went...he's still kicking 
@charliedeep aw, those came down about 93 or so 
@Crufix I don't know.  I am assuming they are just too big and hard-hitting.  I still fail to see why they ban them.  
@kentaloupe you go... omg shut up 
not ready to take a break from hyperquake 
@reedbraden tough break mate 
sad max left sytycd,   he wanted it so bad
@jaymbautista it was for the famz... i'm just dead broke now 
well someone stole it  
gone to work 
@mileycyrus : hey miley ! .. did you and justin broke up ?  ): 
stuck in a trafficjam 
being forced to watch saw. not looking forward to it 
@kingsofleonfans im so gonna scrape up any penny lying around to get to the concert!..hate being broke 
broke another pair of earphones 
Oh come on, what went wrong can be forgiven (?) 
evol efil gninaem over =( all gone like that 
@GaeJen3  the sem break is indeed too short 
gone out a run. 4x4mins yuk of he highest order 
@chloeee1993 nor did i till now, this shatters me 
Tired  n broke nt good
stuck in rush traffic 
power went off , came back - went off  - came back  - went off - came back .. 
@VATD i think failnet's infectious, it's struck me 
One of my rare splurges: I bought a lowerpro camera bag today! Only because my current one broke 
i'm sure it was is there any left?? 
I'm tired of being broke 
Ugh $350 gone!! And now a trip this weekend I gotta pay for 2 wow being broke sucks!! 
@powerset dudes u broke the rss feed 
http://twitpic.com/7tq63 - stuck in traffic 
aww shes gone now 
@liindsaylovee ;o has everyone gone insane? 
It seems my G9 broke again... 
I really want a shot of flaming sambuca, but I'm not allowed to start fires in the flat 
Too much drama i need a break 
halfway through xcenturionz, not feelin' good 
i dont know why, but i am having a break down  ... sigh.
Only just getting my break now. They forgot about me 
@moniquedao I know, I always get tired after getting a shot, I hate shots. I feel like crying everytime I'm about to get a shot 
I could hear myself snoring during break just now 
Oooooow I think I may have broke my ribs  so sore! I really hate the staff at the carling their a bunch of bastardos xx
@ncullura I know  the old him is dead and gone...
can't believe cairon as gone... 
Ugh! My mower broke! 
@DaveBrownUSA so where did you get stuck in traffic? i would do anything to be stuck in L.A traffic this weekend 
Garys house broke. 
Fucking torn 
@aspieteach i like getting a few and mixing it up! But rob tends to finish it off so no left overs 
Haha if i wasn't so fuckin broke i'd be partein shit.. 
its about to start storming outside.... 
@matthewneely Plans fell through  The wings have eluded me again... sometime soon hopefully
@atomic811 my comp froze 
My 2  tubby halfish mexian cousents have long puffy fucked up hair. No more getting hit on 
@LStephenCleary yes, it is, but now it's done. they're all gone  
@lalalakelzo you obviously haven't seen it in a while. the left mirror broke off too. i hit a mailbox 
@tweeterchili can u even believe it?!?!  i kinda saw it coming  hopefully izzie is w/ us
#LOFNOTC now that we're getting to be a trending, I'm getting burnt out 
My sandal broke 
boohoo rexy my toy from my happy meal broke 
@megamax6 lol i know  :/ torn \:
@K2daIA heeeeeeeeeeeey...they all went to bed  lol
@LoSoAlluring you down there big kicking it. 
@TresesPieces hey sweetness. I'm good was gone hit ya earlier but u twernt available 
Why is everythign turning bad now? 
just got back from working @ MACYs. dayyuummmmmm.. it is exhausting when you hadnt worked in so long!  hitting bed early.
i need to stop staying up so late 
@desmondpro stole my flash drive.  lol
i'm upset.this wound have to heal. 
bet my relief is late  sat wating to go home
@kirawr..i cant stop shaking  its so bad  i have fucked everything up
is so sick of being broke 
My concealer just broke! 
is now seriously broke &amp; completely has no more moolah left 
wrkng on sat. 
@DottyTeakettle it's looking like it's going to start chucking it down soon, juuuuuust as we're about to pop out as well 
i feel like complete shit a break up hasnt hurt as bad as it does now 
@tinchystryder cairons gone 
where's the bloody sunshine gone! typical! 
countdown is on...not long left in liverpool!!! 
We well should of won the tumbling compition  it was a fix
@MORETONCLAAAIRE spoon me isn't following me anymore  tear haha, I LOVE YOU
my disco ball broke 
@CaptainGrammar It's worse when 'working out' is remembering you spent an hour being swung in circles by your shoulders 
i hate being broke 
@AmyleeEdith all gone! 
@DrShagwell ::sniffles:: is there any left 
is pissed of now cause TweekDeck won't launch! It says its running but its not 
says halfway done  http://plurk.com/p/12fxmf
@stephmajercik its pouring here 
@iTwittMoore I should've went running this morn 
@FireMom awww, and you were so upbeat only moments ago.  You need a break!
*tear* just watched pasho leave 
had a horrrrrible dream last night  @drumitloud hated me, sil didnt finish ther set and ill mattie broke his leg and he might have died 
my cute sephora compact broke 
@JPRennquist got it!  coming up after the next break - couldn't find the johnny clegg 
Still can't believe kate gosslin hit lean 
didn't get much ironing done as the iron fell off the ironing board and broke 
@myownpipes sooo jealous  i can't go! if i knew earlier that midterms were moved i would've gone with you guys 
@rockstarangel09 after that hit...not anymore 
exhausted, tired, and restless.. i need a break and i mean it.. 
-- woke up by the sound of aircon, it get broke, &amp;spilling water out of it 
uggh stuck babysitting again... 
Ah!! There was just sun and now its gone. 
@springtree  maybe it will be pretty all spun up!
@UniqueZayas u went and got another tattoo and didnt take me!? 
i forgot my running shoEs 
stuck in this fucking house once again, can't fucking drive so I am stuck here! maybe till I die! don't know what to do!!!!!!!!!!! 
booo my broken dior clutch.  i guess it's my fault for taking it on my 3 hour walk.
@htwj it got cancelled, pump broke, water was too cold 
ouch burnt myselfff 
the kitten ran away! 
@Serpentaires Oh  What went wrong?
didnt get to see the proposal the freaking projector broke 
wee one's unhappy  his balloon blew away 
Is trying to figure out what went wrong. 
@questlove I promise every random sat u dj fluid is the random sat I'm not in the city 
@BrumGPA i didnt see you gatehangin earlier?  saw dave though !
Working on a broken portable cd player. 
5:0 shut down 
@TimeWarnerKabel @sammyistheshizz  I do want some buffalo wangs ughhh so hungry but broke  &amp; mom's gone
damn tripped over the inverter tore the cable out  back now powering up
@CassieNorrish i miss math drew. 
I've been stood up 
@jmadlena  no... my harddrive broke... I have to buy a new one. 
broke my nail, trying to get my cam to work... 
Dammit pen went dry 
shouldnt havee gone out last nighttt now i feel like shitttt. 
is sun burnt very bad 
shut I lost my keys 
The tram broke down.  freakin terrorists.  http://twitpic.com/7z2or
@mickayyyla I will!! When I borrow my sisters camera, cause mine broke 
someonee stole my heaterr again 
 my ear buds for my ipod broke!! the left one doesnt work and the end of the wire thingy is comming out
@coreyhathorn lol exactly! But my boyfriend broke up with of once cus of upward bound and my europe trip 
@konstantlykyle -i hate being broke. 
Knocked out; in uber need of an i-pod. 
I'm sad. I'm sittin @ an outside fire place &amp; a moth flew n2 the fire and roasted n less than a second. 
torn down 
my little brother broke his wrist.  stupid playground.
@steviecesal why is twitter revoking my nudging privilidges. 
My facee got burnt 
@tarheelblue87  i'm sorry. hang in there.
@itsjulio i like the fourth one! but i only had that on ps2 and that's broke so i cant shoot zombies anymore 
.....stuck awake bored.... I slept too much. 
had a baddd hang-over. 
standing at red light. 
Lachlen gone  I remembered to give back the mighty boosh though!
in my cousins, my laptops been broke 
woke up at three and cant fall back to sleep 
went shopping...again.... more $$$$$$$ spent.... 
Deathly bored, being pretty much the only one left at uni....  2 more dayssssss  
My chair broke  the gas lift mechanism's stuck at the bottom.
my questionmark button broke  
http://twitpic.com/7zypw - Last Sunshines before my leaving 
after my @TheSims2 gone, i desperately want @TheSims3!!!! 
boooo james and helen both went to the gig and i had to babysit 
@mattaquiline I have a speaker that my ipod plugs into, only yesterday i knocked it over and broke it.  now i am speakerless.
not feelin so hot. threw up twice  going back to bed
The jam tarts are nearly all gone 
haha i found my two other mp3 players  now i have three, although i did have four but one broke 
broke my foot!!! 
my fave beaded braclet just broke sob   not happy!!
broke my bed again  looks like ill be sleeping on the floor
@g3mini521 its pushing 100 degrees here.. Lets all cry 
I need a real female don't seem 2 be any left around 
My thoughts remain on my broken blender...... 
broke ubertwitter i think 
Grrrhhh bloody xbox froze again.  
my kuromi alarm clock's broken  waaah.
@kevinvanlierop You're stuck, unfortunately 
pretty much flat broke till thursday, then I have to pay bills 
my favorite nail broke as i took all my shit out from the checking bags place 
@Markylon my ibs is playing up  tummy gone really big 
@shayes287 wow that was quick... leaving the district for good? 
had all my wage stole 
I hate the feeling I get when I look down at my ciggarette and realize its almost gone 
@shoeluva u went to the mall without me 
The vending machine's broken and I wanted chocolate. 
@tasjaa I have 2 that won't disappear. I think I tried to pop them and now they're resistant to leaving! 
@DJMami its gone 
@ShrimptonCoutur I think you've set a very fair price for it. I adore that color! I'm just bloody broke right now. 
i'm kind of upset that jon and kate broke up. 
@RagingBitch He's certainly not making it easy on his fans, luckily i've so little hair left to lose 
my necklace broke   so sad
says crazy cat went on a rampage and starts biting me. scratches all over me feet and hands  http://plurk.com/p/139x85
My middle finger nail just broke  now its the only short nail...I feel like it won't mean a much when I tell people sit and spin
burnt potatoes  i am stupid 
getting ready hagin out with nathalia sheee's leaving tomorrooooow!! 
I HATE taking my breaks early 
@joeymcintyre I thought @donniewahlberg has been giving us the break up speech too... I'm worried 
Is feeling terrible about saw arm because it's broke  x
so mad my a,s,x key are broke cause i dropped a glass of water on it 
@MzJudged44 positive  its gone.
@orpheus5x5 but you're stuck in a hole  and i want you to get out!
Fucking pouring 
@gonzo3000 I've been wondering where the big one went. I can't find it anywhere, maybe I lent it out again? And the little one broke 
@gigglesalot I'm not much for long distance relationships. This is either a break, or a break-up...unfortunately. 
cant beleive @nickybyrneoffic had 10 stitches, ouch, that must hurt 
Wow i just almost got ran over by a boat on the interstate 
Its pretty much all gone 
I wanted my professional shot, but its too large 
broke my pick... 
my bottle opener broke.  http://tinyurl.com/m3luxq
noooooo! the old one came back  utube... i h8 u!
@MellowMolly Are you seriously thaaat burnt? 
cramps are killing me. im broke &amp; hungry. 
i hate being broke. 
@DdotPHRESH --it really is (sigh) i need 2 take some nyquil I cant sleep my night light broke  lol
break up 
My purse broke 
it's all gone. it's all gone! 
I hate not driving places and getting...stuck. 
no more glue in my gluestick. rip 
broke my prom glass 
gone going gone everything gone. 
I'm having worries about this sat's flea! whyyy 
@joeyboy1 noo I tried I have the club on sat and can't take off this soon 
the smashing pumpkins used to be so good 
disappointed with my sat scores.  :/  whatever.  at least i didn't go lower.  
sleeping scheggie all thrown off 
@eeeepitskathy shut up and go to sleep already! 
SUnny outside and stuck inside 
@MadamSalami its in a long strip that clips on. but its too big, goes past my ears, so doenst settle and clip nicely, and falls out 
My chair's broken 
my pretty blue pitcher broke.  
I hate running late... tht means no break 
@kaitgoesrawr26 awwe  all break though?
so sun burnt, so much for waterproof sunscreen. ugh 
Not having a good morning, got in the elevator and broke the heel on my favorite shoes 
broke the string on my racquet tonite and played shit'ouse all nite  we still won 4 - 1 which was good.
@FollowTheLeah I know right? But it was the babysitter that left her so she probably didn't even care 
I think twitter broke 
@PersiaRose i'm just kind of down in the dumps right now. All this checking out, and trying to get OPSaveSarah to be a sucsess. 
@advanmatthew esmosiii vaaaan  abis ngenyek capres yang lain . .
My thumbs are all cut up. &amp; they hurt 
@livingsecrets I'm flat broke, otherwise I would have 
On my break.... Jings im so bored!! 
@jaymeevicious tear! but you have to comeee!! 
got a 1770 on the sat's 
trying to plan a roadtrip just makes you realize how broke as a joke i am 
My break should consist of dancing  I wanna daaannceee
@huey0929 I can't call right now sweetie...  i'm not on break yet... i'm sorry... :'(
dying without being able to read breaking dawn 
so sad about farrah fawcett. rip  
Wow rip farrah 
@julianahatfield rip farrah 
its storming 
@nitchxo I get pressure behind my left eye sometimes  hows your essay gone?
@nileyjileyluver Haha, don't worry! You'll get the hang of it! 
Budget: A method for going broke methodically.    #1liners
i love club starz! i love spring break! mm deffffinitely dope 
@bulhaa gone. and it came back! 
@LizzieLib Could be - mine grew out, down my back and then all fell off 
@i_reporter maybe you should take a break and put some i drops in 
when my dad's gone back to work then I'll go and do my room some more... until then I'm not budging from playing bouncing balls 
@libbyoliver glad all went well. enjoy being waited on 
kalahari was fun... actually this whole break was fun 
@createdancer take a break from dancing  http://ponyurl.com
@fcamilo if you want to take a break later... We can meet up 
took a break from studying.. and made a new intro! 
@PenutHeadJo knock them all out 
@knarcisse you'll get the hang of it  lol
@rainythursday earlier while standing next to you two! 
@MsFitzSTYLIST  hot shot! 
@paigesofapril finally! you'll get the hang of it soon 
is taking a break again  and watching. http://plurk.com/p/oymd4
just waked up, going to have a walk ouside 
@AWicher Depends who you're stood behind 
@scroader Its sent 
@mingsmom Who stood you up?  
really sleepy. havent went to sleep yet.. waiting on johnny!! 
@MikeHuntington awwww that's so sweet! I'm glad you're able to motivate me to do better!!! I'll be back when I take a break. 
Just got back from Maracus, bake and shark went down great 
@moosebraying I noticed  @oprah brought you back, didn't she?
@formatted_dad She cannot name one because they are really on the left 
one chicken wrap gone. . 2 more to go . 
watching prison break. new episode. finally 
@tamaaaa lol, you'll get the hang of it sooooon! 
gone fishing 
@vicklee6288 still not used to it? I am getitng the hang of it now so hopefully you will too 
@monicom best to be happy; we all only get one shot! 
I'm supposed to be on my break but here I am tweeting while I work. 
slid down the stairs... nearly broke some conical flask... chewed on a fly... what's next? 
::::twirls around, tosses glitter::::  I'm awwwake....yay.  
@blue_raven I'm digging the cut of your #nuckvatar jib.  
only 15 minutes left  then its break and french then maths :| JOYY!
@MrTeagan looking forward to seeing u next sat  
@FRANKIEBABY09 gnite hun...hit me up 
@peacockbargrill Just looked over them, they're nice!    (forgot to look earlier )
@TsuruDesigns i know right?!!?! crazzzyyyyy! i think im finally getting the hang of this! 
why is black chiney sitting next to me....and she just bumped me 
#dreamwidth invites are all gone for now! I'll offer up some more on here when I get them 
@miizronnie hello  LOL joes gone to the rsl again!
still getting the hang of tweeting.  but potentially addicting. 
chilling ..horned up and looking .. hit me up 
going to enjoy this sat 
@toddvic hang on in there 
bought new running shoes 
@solangeknowles http://twitpic.com/2bxua - To the left? 
and btw, @grahamgetlow took that... he did quite well, I'd say 
@ifhehasanygum  you know the eppisodeds better than you should ;p but I'm taking a break for now.
Meyoung's one shot was absoutely amazing 
There's zero chance of me being hit on here. 
bamboozle was amazing  so tired, so burnt
Finally got stuck into restoring my beautiful classic mini 
@debs__ Email me if you're stuck 
listening to dead and gone 
@snobscrilla its on you  tie breaker
http://twitpic.com/4h7r3 - A shot of the crowd shot 
up &amp; at 'em at nearly the crack of dawn; 10 a.m. coffee required or my energy's gone!  
standing outside nuemos... 
shut up. 
@EvilGayTwin I hope you like your new sat nav 
@craigralph If you've jailbroken or went to 3.0 early, prepare to be bricked 
I need a break! I NEED KITKAT! haha! 
is thrilled prom went well 
@blathering lucky e went!  jealous!
@tommcfly but it all went too quick and there wasn't a chance lol 
is finishing off related lit during PlanSem break  http://plurk.com/p/sw05s
@anafcardoso http://twitpic.com/4wwt7 - You look cute...shut up! 
I think i'm getting burnt out here, it's so nice 
You girls crack me up 
@igotmyreasons I'm sure it's a crack up! 
watching one flew over the cuckoos nest 
@rose_engine i prefer the original flavor myself.  lucky. i am still working through the cheetoes. rather quickly-they're almost all gone
@CAFRANCIES yay amy went to bed so i guess it's all winding down now 
hot shot 
trying to take it back before it all went wrong 
@mikengm     no i vote just to sleep.  cramming blows
@TwiTweeterShana it's cool. I knew it was a long shot asking. So don't feel bad if it doesn't work out and all 
@davkell @micfitzgerald god I miss the left bank 
Still trying to get the hang of tweeting...I think I like it, 
@djtytanium u kno I got u...we at the studio mixing our next cut!  roll through!
prolly going to sydney for sway sway vid on sat 
And god bless the broken road that let me straight tooooo youuu 
@montagemoments Have fun!!!  You deserve a break    That is what you're getting... right?!
@namedpipe No apparently he is armed and standing next to @mikejcorey  now 
@trmndsblndtte Is that @taracuda in the pic on the left? 
ceeb to revise. staying in bed 
@amaree86 take a shot you'll knock out quick 
Carzy night still going strong  hit me up for more info
No refing  me nd steph hanging.
@ArielleKristina awesome shot 
forgot all about twittering...not been up to much to talk about tho 
@feliciaday  You deserve it.  Now, go knock yourself out.  
@Savvyhamster you mean you want a break as well. 
@SharaBullington I figured it was worth a shot! 
@mrrocknroll shoe shopping went excellently, sobeys was less than stellar. 
@tiredofcrap To the left, to the left! 
gone to sleep, and hopefully when i wake up @officialSPChuck will have figured out how to put a pic up 
rode in to work in a record 18:58 #goodtimes 
@djFlipout give em a break 
@lidewij I'm glad to hear that went well! 
Sunsunsunn  I need to ring my best mate and see how he's doing. It's been too long since I last saw him.
@powwelll I wanted to say: I bet it tastes better but some funny mumble came out 
@cbgb0426 Dropped off the rugrats, all went well. 
@meerasapra wudnt brkfst would be better I thought u having a break...and it was nice 
@daveoffkb - youu forgot know 
@dotstar_76  by sticking it up your bottom 
Juggling is not as easy as I imagined it would be but I am getting the hang of it. 
 fallen leaves, fallen leaves on the ground 
In n out is heaven sent 
@StanleyAllan give them a break. they'll die soon. that's why they're mortals  hope their was to get there is long and painful
@TrishaLeola shame I'm so sorry to hear that, but there will be more I'm sure  hang in there k 
is finally getting the hang of this 
well that went well 
@thatashguy still next to aforementioned hairdresser, heading back to mine now tho 
@RacquelN lol that is too funny; what brought that on?  
@markmcmanus its robyn  KELLYKELLYREID. sitting facing me.
@ElizabethN fires? i should have stuck around!  #tek09
@fjfonseca Maybe I'll give it a shot 
@jaysingh I'm glad you look like you again. No hang on, I only think that's you 
@nickrp Extremely polished, looks great! I saw how much work went into that and it shows 
@jetdillo or you can come join us at spark's   walking there now.
On a break standing outside. I am very happy indeed 
@rohansingh I wondered when.who.how that came about - I added it as a reminder so I could try to track it down 
@NinaAmir i also took a crack at 3drunkwords and 3wordsaftersex.  You should be happy you missed it 
I'm back...not yet done..but...I decided to take a break.. 
@AmandaAzzarello aw when does he leave? i was all sad when brendan left but u soon get used to it 
@DevonteClark your lying. 
wooooo driving was sick ayeee  went 80km/h wooahhh big achievment for brittanyyy  first set of lights hahah
