Most common words for this cluster:
[('bug', 168), ('bugs', 107), ('bites', 78), ('bite', 58), ('spider', 56), ('mosquito', 52), ('ants', 33), ('spiders', 29), ('mosquitos', 26), ('http', 18), ('bees', 17), ('lol', 17)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'bug', 0.7930806875228882), (u'bugs', 0.7829059958457947), (u'Flea_beetles', 0.6946651935577393), (u'skeeters', 0.6891666054725647), (u'insects', 0.6843205690383911), (u'Creepy_crawly', 0.6826431751251221), (u'insect', 0.6687285304069519), (u'mozzies', 0.6661512851715088), (u'tomato_hornworm', 0.6638323068618774), (u'hobo_spiders', 0.6628190279006958)]





[-O] I wish the frogs weren't becoming extinct    http://tinyurl.com/cxe8w7
Jamming postponed again! Boohoohoozx damn you flu bug! 
@darraghdoyle ah pox, say it isn't so 
only 1/2day later and ants have eaten clean its bones..that poor little gecko skeleton..so very disturbing. i regret not mercy killing... 
@ravogd a spider? can it be covered when im round? slight phobia 
I've just had a spider cruel all over my boot!  not nice,
got a mosquito bite in the morning  I hate them!
@ricanitaliana89 no more worms 
@Tyrese4ReaL  i have a phobia of owls tooooooooooooooooooo! 
Lol, and most of my bugs are either duplicates or not bugs, I feel stupid  #ipb
@simon14771482  ...out that bugs me. They surely could of let us know sooner 
My octopus exploded in the Microave 
I think a spider bit me  I got a big red mark on my arm!! I googled spider bites and saw pics and now im scared!!!!! lol
just rescued a big spider from my room and, as I let it go outside, I got attacked by a big scary moth 
The eagle has landed. By eagle I mean the sickness bug  I knew it would I suppose!
@kaffee I know! I once used the bottled garlic here... it had no... bite! 
got ambushed by mosquitoes 
is once again fighting that vomit bug 
just had a minor freak out at a big bug flying in the window and landing on me 
@AllotmentViv I tried that with ants, they just laughed at me and carried on! 
@nickjsalt awwwwww nick  u got this sickness bug that everyone is getting??...x
A giant spider crawled up my pants leg  *shudder*
@microedge  Instead of checking for all possible weaknesses, they just patch up one by one as the worms appear. Not efficient, not smart 
ubud mozzies dont understand they're not to bite when coil is burning + aeroguard liberally applied 
@iKasch oh 15 Bugs  maybe i'll download tweetie later this day
is being surrounded by mozzies, hate them those bloodsuckers 
that bug is driving me nuts. would very much appreciate a hug right now 
There are ants in my laptop....a whole swarm I think. 
mosquitos EVERYWHERE GROOSSS i'm freaking OUT!!! 
since when are there bugs in california?  i think the mosquitoes have eaten me alive 
i caught my little brothers stomach bug! i cant stop throwing up 
I feel like the plague 
People are attacking me with june bugs 
I have some kind of bug bites on my leg 
@nickboldt try opera 10 alpha for extra speed but also more bugs 
@southozsue  fancy the crows losing to that dreadful team!!!  
the crows lost 
Yay.  The exterminator came.  And he said that my 2 roaches weren't a big deal?  
Just killed a nasty mosquito!! after it bit me dangit 
holy love bugs! there's soooo many! 
ok, i tried being chemical-free but i can't take it anymore. there are ants &amp; spiders everywhere. i just drinched the house in bug spray 
@JeanetteLim awee ! i feel bad for the snail and you 
@Orchidflower The humans are all fine but we have an unwelcome colony of ants to deal with... they went but now back 
ambushed by a cockroach. terror. 
http://twitpic.com/4h1sr noosa mozzies... I'm scared 
That's my piranhas sold... 
@optiv_flatworms i would miss you 
It just won't go away   I hate bugs especially big spiderish mosquito ones that like to be by beds where ppl innocently sleep!
being assaulted by a moth and i've just slapped myself thinking it was on my cheek. it wasn't 
I am fighting a loseing battle with the blood sucking bugs 
Scratching my millions of mozzie bites 
I just got attacked but not one, but two, beetles in my bedroom. I hate bugs so much. 
The yucky booger-like spiders in this apartment are insane. I killed 3 in one day and there are two more I can reach. 
I keep hearing ads on the radio for the counting crows gig on friday and its tormenting me  why won't anyone go? the crows are legends 
The reality of a stomach bug ....  http://twitpic.com/4jasd
Damnit - - I *really* want to like sumo paint. But I keep running into bugs that are inexcusable, from a usability standpoint... 
@poplollies TELL me about it.  i ***HATE*** moths.  passionately.
Has lots of mosquito bites 
@farmerfred true, that does sound nice!  We've got ducks flying overhead,  bunches o' skeeters, and no hot tub 
 ants are evil!
Oh no a small bird just flew into our windshield! 
nooooooooooo theres a wasp 
I feel sad. I just wrote up all the information the new vice-president of Skunks ultimate will need to know. I don't want to hand-over 
back from cycle training. rescued a grass snake from crows, not sure if it'll survive 
ahhhh there was a spider in my room next to my bed! rather Nightmaric for someone with severe arachnophobia  ew 
@wickedmickey my puter!  she is sick, trying to get rid of the bug she caught
has too much toad in the hole and is completely lost 
So allergic to bugs. I got bitten out on my terrace yesterday and now both bites are red and bigger than silver dollars.  owie!
@granpodelco you will have to tell me more about this antihistamine stuff ... my lithuanian bug bite is some serious business 
http://twitpic.com/554ub - I think this spider wants to eated me 
This damn bug has stopped me doing so much. 
@mileycyrus Ahh are you ok? Lol evil bugs 
@mileycyrus I agree bugs are waay annoying there's one on my window now scary  lol xxx
@willflowers awh you killed the roach 
@BlokesLib have never been to oz, sounds nice.Lots of creepy crawleys though dont like snakes and spiders 
@nicola171281 i was up all night with a stomach bug i think!  how are you?xx
@weeyin13 We have caught the Twitterbug... evil naughty little bug, go away at once 
I'm having a relapse of the love bug with draeke. 
Mosquito bite on my chest has turned into a 3rd nipple.   http://twitpic.com/5cnr3
stayed up all night working on a clients wordpress. annoying bugs and issues all fixed except for one. 
has got the ebay bug again 
mythology - check; physics, literature and maths to go. the bug bite in my brow which has made my eye swell up is still bothering me 
@mattlodder i don't have many fears in life; give me spiders, bugs, blood and dead things. But no horses. Not ever. Not even pictures 
I got my first mosquito bite of the season and it's on my elbow 
http://twitpic.com/5es4n - Eeeew a bug 
http://twitpic.com/5eu16 - spider/mosquito/something pesky bit me 
i can't sleep and neither can my cat. we're both restless.  i think a scorpion stung my thigh. meh 
I've been eaten alive by mosquitos 
summer is coming....bugs everywhere!!!!! i haaaaate bugs  !!!!!
summer is coming....bugs everywhere!!! i haaaaate bugs.....they freak me out 
I've just seen a magpie kill a little bird 
I think the gremlins are here again 
hoping this is a 24hr bug 
Still looking, sending out resumes, but no bites yest ... 
getting ready to scoop bug...I miss her. 
i have a bug bite that resembles a cat's milking nipple and theres no doctor available to see me 
has tonsilitus   but not bad enough or regular enough to get the buggers out!!
ahhhh.... facebook bugs me sometimes... 
what the heck!? huhu  i'm on allergy!! huhu.. 
I just sticky-tape-murdered an unknown insect 
@SkinFaceMcGee  I just liked passing on travel bugs.  I had a few but they were all awesome, so they got stolen.  
Working with bug in workflow 
Fighting broken Internets  bugs in code  and wishing I was in bed nice and warm...
Just about had a heart attack, because there was a Mosquito in my car 
The tanzmanian devil is now on the endangered species list 
urg, about to tackle the issue of microbes in the sediment. this is going to be painful 
@robocallaghan didn't see you at tuttle  would have loved to have had a chat about your bees.
in the summertime i constantly have the sensation of bugs or crawling on my skin 
@rohloffc the mosquitoes took over the coarse, we only did 5 holes 
flashed -- bug not fixed. 1 / 5 patches applied -- bug not fixed ...  
damn mice won't come to my trap 
@kate_ground I was attacked by an epic horde of ants in my kitchen too 
trying to twitter and then a spider drops from above right in front of my eyes!   Ughhhhhh-I hate spiders!!!!!! 
my last spider bite wasn't this bad 
I'm thinking the cooties are creeping up on me. 
Ouch!! I have a lot of mosquito bites from being at the lake yesterday   its bad
curfew suuuucks.  also gotten eaten alive by Mosquitos tonight.
has the butterflies!  
@jinxington y u depressed love bug  ??hoboken.soon..shot on me to cheer u up..chin up! :p
things i don't like about summertime in the south: humidity &amp; bugs  
Why do roaches exist 
Ughhh, the mosquito bite on my side is huge and hard 
Allergies suck ducks nuts.     &lt;=====8@8=====&gt;
Annnnnnddd another one bites the dust 
:| Yikes,  ants are everywhere in the house.  Ants scare me 
all my worms either escaped or died  bums!
Working... And attempting to keep squirrels away.............. Squirels 1, jesska 0   I should stick to spiders
has at least 30 bug bites on her legs 
running errands with geeta... feeling like i have the plague 
@hamoke: these lecturing, book-worm beasts, out for a noble cause. . .why can't they just be normal 
Ecaytrade people who said you'd come by stuff at 6:30..where are you ? Bugs me when people no-show 
There are ants on my lollipop 
lalalalaaaa i have a virus  tear tearrr well my COMPUTER has a virus! running scan grrr : \
just killed a spider. *punches self* 
have you ever heard of flesh eating mosquitos? I just did 
Just had a lightening bug collide with my winsheild....it is still glowing             -J-
ginormous mosquito bite on my leg 
now I'm crying cause the moth died in the light. 
im not kidding! i hate the bugs with wings 
Yes, it does take half a can of bug spray to kill one roach...that thing was f'n huge!  1st one we've seen in months, though...not bad.
germs seem to have found us 
@appletartlet awww that bites 
argh so hard to pick one out of the blocking launch bugs 
i want to sunbathe but theres fucking beetles everywhere 
@jerricklim hurhur i know! it's kinda strange how i can't. probably it's a bug. 
i have a mosquito bite right on the top of my foot....  itches like CRAAAAZZYY
@TheByrne_x just got stung  bloody bees and wasps
This shack is infested w these tiny red dot bugs i hope theyre not bad but theyre everywhere. And its hoottt. And there are bees. 
Apparently just drove through a swarm of lovebugs...and now needs to clean my windshield 
being sad because we have to cut down 4 trees because of bugs 
wew..there's so many mosquitos in here..hush!hush!!! 
@lampplease i would lay out but the bugs are overwhelming. srsly i think were going through a plague. but mmm i want iced coffee 
I have the biggest musquito bite ever 
I have a huge bug bite on my coolie. It looks like I'm growing another butt cheek 
omgggg, a cute little bird just flew into my windshield! ah, i feel horrible 
@Syrana  that bites
@Roflatusernames squishing myself up with fright. I'm scared 
Has so many bug bites! i could play connect the dots!! 
@LuisEd Probably far too late now, but I hope you took bug spray - they're bad this year. 
10 red ants bite during bbq 
bugs are taking over my house wtf. pincher bugs &amp; spiders go away 
err... my insect infection is healing? it itches soooo bad 
I hope a bug ate my followers and I did not lose them 
i just saw a bee die. 
Not scared of spiders just the fact its there!! i feel al itchy nw 
I want something natural to kill the centipedes/ants on my patio, but the last stuff I bought doesn't work 
I am completely covered in midge bites, and they're all itchy, this is awful 
@stars202 Cars  Bugs life : l Incredibles 
misses his bug really bad. Hates storms..  
i really hate having bug bite. i have never been biten so bad in my life. they had to give my antibiotices.  not fun and i ich like crazy.
@seanonolennon I set the butterfly free from the spider web but it keeps coming back 
i need to stop drinking/eating in my room. too many bugs akjdshlak 
My neck has a giant bug bite on it 
A fungus ball is sitting on this page... and it EXPLODES!. You get confused and drop 91 Neopoints  - Thanks neopets.
aggenda: shower, sleep, try not to scratch bug bites 
i got a bug bite on my butt 
bug bites on me everywhere!!!!! 
feeling really bad I can't help this crow I see with a broken wing 
URGH!!!!! I'm killing many mosquitoes... I think 12! I can not sleep 
Threeee bug bites 
is thinking about the ants in her sink. 
can't believe one of my fish has been sucked into my filter 
@janetwro How did you kill the slugs? If you used slug pellets then you must remove them, or thrushes eat hem and become ill 
@oliyoung i didn't like the spiders in the attic 
@tomlozethwaite LOL yeah most probably a mosquito bite or pollen i hate hayfever 
Why does th war on bugs and poison ivey also equate t a war on my checking account?? 
I've been attacked by ants 
sooo regret to say this, but you're irreplaceable.. huhu 
i've got one good working eye today.  no fun at all, thanks to a nasty mosquito bite.  
I hate bees! 
I just swallowed a bug, twas buzzing 
@jessbrewer They mock the French but they do like us ;-) Even their mosquitoes loved me, I am full of bites today 
Eating a whole bag of sour gummy worms was not smart...I feel like I'm going to die 
auuughh biggest, scariest hornet 
i think some bugs ate my skin on my walk 
@isacullen aww i thought you were talking about a mole. 
no has killed the wasp yet 
bed bug cleaning  also, dandelions are too beautiful to be weeds.
Ughhh just stepped on a snail. 
I just killed a lightning bug!! An it's still gliwin on my windshield!!!  rip squashed bug
I have a spider bite, and weird places are itching. 
bug bites are itching and it's SO HOT 
Off to face the pit 'o vipers 
@kevinrose Did you have to kill the ants? 
I'm REALLY jealous of @slime73.... 
I have an extreme bug bite on my arm 
@MODwife I develop webs too. It's hard 
i hate wasps. i can't sunbathe because one keeps chasing me. 
Taking my bitty bug to the doctor. 
i just had the biggest green insect thing on my arm - arghhh! worst part of summer is the bugs! 
i have monstrous mosquito bites that are devouring my leg 
I have two spider bites on my arm, and they itch!!! 
there were so many gnats following me on my run that i probably looked like pigpen. 
there's a wasp circling me 
@AnaCary I've always been a bug magnet, unfort. 
@glutenfreefox i have seen your cooler rvw yet, was up til 2am fixing huge nasty bugs on my site 
I have mad butterflies. Yiiikes. 
I thought bugs were only sposed to be 24 hour things...96hours and counting...back to dry toast and water...yum 
@diabolicalpnthr @coderigger boric acid didn't work for me  I've heard it's better for roaches
As much as I love this warm weather I hate the horrible insects that come with it. I have a terrible spider phobia 
I have got loads of gnat bites! 
@reazonozaer the bastard had to gauge my snakebites out with this horrible needle. I cried. It was so bad. 
my mum is soooo annoying  i love her really but she does bug me sometimes
got an infection from a bug bite yesterday 
i think a bug flew into my computer. eww. i cant get him out now 
Mosquito+bedroom+sleep=disaster. I have bites all her my neck and face 
ugh...I hate bug bites!! lol I'm all itchy! 
There is a bunch of ants. 
I hate moths 
i got eatin byyy bugs and i was only outside for like 10 minutes. 
I feel bad for the stick bugs.  Also that I'm watching this show.
the bugs won, i'm back inside. 
@ravenrae lol ouch  definitely don't miss the mosquitoes
I just got a mosquito bite on my leg  i've been scratching it and now it's all red. I should probably stop scratching it.
nooo no no no no bugs are so gross 
@speakforme ew. How bad. A centipede just nearly crawled on me, rissy. 
@chaosofthemind /lets creepy bug go outside so you can sleep 
It's hard being afraid of spiders after your roommate catches a poisonous one in his bed.  
@Mailechan hi b!! I found a dead termite upstairs   do u know we had an infestation of ground termites last year n had to treat
More  programme bugs  I need tea.
I want a fat frog ice pop but I don't think they're sold anywhere anymore  I want a fat frog!!!
I feel like stomping on these ants. 
is being invaded by flying critters with pointy bums  @RealBillBailey, its the start of an insect naition!!! ah-ah-ahahah!!!
was attacked by ants so admitted defeat n is now itching cos it feels like they on her 
has ants! 
I have a bug bite on my ankle that itches a lot 
I killed a tiny insect by putting my iPhone down on it without realising 
Waitng inside to see if the worlds biggest wasp flies out of the patio on its own 
i don't heart mosquito bites 
Ugh I hate when mosquitoes sneak attack me and I don't realize until I get inside. 
I think I have a bug bite on my face -_- it's so hot  I want to be at the beach
@ksheen aw.. is it because you're not tall enough to go on any of the rides? poor midge  haha
Oh dear, there're a significant number of ants in our kitchen too 
@worm605  they arrested her husband for it. 
butterflies--millions of them...go away! I don't like this, it hurts 
I've got a bug bite on my leg. It's red and itchy 
Dealing with .. presentation goose bumps 
really considering buying a bug vacuum. 
oh no... i think i'm getting the flu bug  not feeling too well.. pray hard that i wont be having runny nose by tomorrow
oh no... i think i'm getting the flu bug  not feeling too well.. pray hard that i wont be having runny nose by.. http://bit.ly/CSYlZ
@Shadez yes dude.. just that statement, is this a bug.. reminds me of those worst memories 
somehow #nambu really could use an update - the small bugs really start getting on my nerve 
I just got woken up to the biggest insect bite I've ever seen on my hip. scared to go back in bed cuz I think that's where I got it 
itching everywhere from mosquito bites . grrrrrr 
I've just got shat on by a dirty pigeon 
you know how birds fly so fast and out of your way when you're driving? I think I just hit one, feathers flew into my my windshield 
neverrr want to c a spider again 
@hype6477 don't kill the crow 
@bursaar I'm allergic to bees too. 
@JasmineDarkly You're so hot you make the devil sweat! Really? That's all I've got, I wasted your #bait. 
conversation got boring. now what. another one bites the dust. 
Why does there have to be wasps 
I woke up with more mosquito bites 
The biggest spider ever is in my house right now. I freaking hate spiders 
@heartns0le ladybug i miss you  how you been?
Chilling with a glass of rose, still feeling like crap and wanting this bug to go away 
I haaaaaaaaaate bugs   
i would rather slay a three headed dragon, than kill an insect. insects are scary and gross.  
These bug bites are 1 inch in diameter each. 
loving the new mosquito bite 
is enraged!! The damn tiny bugs flying around my computer monitor won't leave me alone. I think one even flew in my mouth, ugh. 
The biggest mosquito I've ever seen just took a chunk out of my smore 
I hate shopping for bras!!! Why do I have to have such bug boobs 
@caminodiablo bummer I have no animals to eat the bugs for me 
@cherishmason some kind of bug bites seem to be spreading over my body  itches like crap
found 2 bugs, 
@KSDean I miss lightning bugs!  We don't have them up here--not warm enough.   I even miss them more for the boys--they've never seen any!
I squished a spider in my sleep, now theres like a dead spider just chillin in my bed. HDSEHJSD  :/
campin out at noosa it is freezin and i am being eaten alive by mosquitos help me!! 
@bleaknimue ahhh fire ants *flails* those leave nasty bites. I've been lucky so far this year but more are popping up 
is back, where's wabbit?? 
got attacked by mosquitoes 
@snidelyhazel I'd love to join you. You know I would, but I've got the plague and not half feeling it. 
This bug http://is.gd/Q8zM will see me reverting to 2008.11  #opensolaris
is sick with some stomach bug. 
I have like 3 mosquitos on my neck 
@annakate22 One of my concerns is airtightness of containers. Bugs, moisture an issue here. 
There is a beehive being built right on my window.  What should I do?  I can't kill the bee, they're going extinct!?  
dug up worms for worm world. One chopped in half 
@Ramperkash the collision bugs are still there  and atm it's a tad too easy, even with loads of mines. otherwise it's rather interesting.
@lifeofcyn oh god me too I have horrible scars from bug bites! All over my legs 
@switchfx  if only that would work.. ticks are the worst creatures on the planet, nothing kills them..
I think I'm getting a bug 
I just realized why I don't do picnics. too many dang bugs. ugh  
we just came in  stupid bugs came out =P
I think it's safe to say that in the battle against me and the mosquitoes last night, that the mosquitoes certainly won 
@tinamarietf I just for back from the cottage and there were SWARMS! I got about 6 bites. 
just squished a bug 
I just went downstairs to wash a load of clothes. I saw a bug in my garage  I'm down to earth but I don't like bugs and summer is here...
chilling @ the lobby. caught the flu bug. thks so much umair 
I tried, I really tried, to save the moth. He just wouldn't leave me alone! Now moth is dead. 
@AZLobo I am also feeding the neighborhood Mosquitos 
I sat on a snail. 
@egoisticempathy Lizards are more scary than cockroaches 
Fungus in your palm treatment, woke up with itchy and red eye  eeyyyuuuhh
I now weigh under nine stone!!! But that may be because I have gouged a huge chunk out of my ankle scratching my midge bite 
@shellrawlins we were going to the pub but fre has a tummy bug  I don't mind I like cooking 
itching my ass off. lol, i hate bugs 
What's the best cure to stop mosquito bites from itching? It's so bad that it woke me up. 
I have so many mosquito bites it looks like chicken pox (and feels like it too).  
Shit, I just found a bug in my program 
The fattestassest spider was crawling on my elbowwiheowahrikaewhfsb!IBHKJj 
Another one bites the dust... 
Not sure how wacky immune systems in this house would handle *bugs* fr those places. I guess we'll find out.. 
being eaten alive by mosquitos 
Just been out to the shed to put the moth trap out - it is full of flies. I think something must have died in there 
Never making toad in the hole again - can't take the disappointment when it doesn't rise. 
I've got a tummy bug  been quite sick last 2days. I don't like it
Doctors apt in a little bit for a huge bug bite on my leg! 
I got two of them now  : I hate Mosquitos
@Bahamabob Mosquitoes, not yet but they'll arrive soon 
http://twitpic.com/6vnsr - filfil's kill: the mouse fetus 
burned the crap out of the roof of my moth  now it's all peely
i smell like bug spray, smoke, dirt, sweat and everything in between! 
just got inside from a nice walk around the neighborhood. i failed at catching a lightning bug. 
got eaten by mosquitos tonight. 
just found out the &quot;bug bite&quot; on my leg is a spider bite...... 
I have too many mosquito bites on my back.. really irritating 
I just stood on a snail 
@alexjonasojd me too! Mosquitos are the worst 
Another bite. 
Still can't shake the sickness bug 
i just had my chicken pox and mmr boosters. i h8 needles 
i just killed a spider  it was ugly.....
why is it whenever i come back from devizes i have bites all over me 
When the effbomb is my bus coming ?! Theres bugs outside  and strange noises  SmileYoureAlive
can't sleep AT ALL &amp;this stupid spider is hiding, ready to attack! i juss know it! 
@janiecwales Hope you took out any slugs. They are getting ours 
@carriee93 @rebeccaclark yes that stupid stupid bug ate a stem and leaf plot. stupid bugs, made the question hard  and lol! i laughed  ...
@carriee93 @rebeccaclark yes that stupid stupid bug ate a stem and leaf plot. stupid bugs, made the question hard  and lol! i laughed in..
Another moth sacrifices itself while I shower. I never asked for moth sacrifices. I never asked to be a moth god at all. 
just back from festival...aaah best shower ever!! y are all bugs, worms and frogs stalking me 
downside to mini-golf -- at least a baker's dozen of bug bites on my legs 
So annoying that I have to slather bug repellant all over everytime I step into garden.  Mosquitoes adore me.  
keeps thinking that there are worms in her tummy, but no deworming tablet has proved so!!  Then why am i so hungry all the time?
i think my blood must taste really good; i have soo many mosquito bites. 
Feels bad I have to lock the cats in the room      stupid bug spray
i want more gummy worms 
bug bit on my sunburn 
bug bite on my sunburn  (dammit typos)
@laiagmartin busy bee flew into the spider's web...  :p
completely freakin' out on this bug 
missing @bluebottle right now 
@malpertuis I am not allowed to take it off until my insect bite is fixed 
case of the mundays. fixed a _simple_ bug but testing it lead me down a rabbit hole 
@fleurdelisee Aw get well soon honey  I hope it's not a bug  *hugs*
There's a spider spinning its web right on the window. I predict a bird will bang into it again... 
I would pay good money for smell-free mosquito repellent. I am tired of smelling bad and getting bit 
just cut her back cause she fell out of bed when a moth landed on her screen, meaning she screamed and freaked out. 
Just gonna check my bed for spiders before i get in! A new phobia 
She got burned by the heater. She was a guppy, so guppies do that.  I'm still sad. I miss my Pochee.
Apparently, sticky fly trap strips also attract small unsuspecting birds... This was not a good thing. 
No  only i can name the moth
Just found two huge mosquito bites on my back.  theyre like pennies.
has a spider bite....eeewww! That means a spider was on me!!!! I hate spiders 
.......Bugs is being mean to pooh 
@AbixMorgs I got bitten on my boob. That really sucks. I hate bites, i'm get tonnes of them when i go back to my rural surroundings too  x
just wrecked my karma - killed my 1st palmetto bug of the summer  - it was not in my house however! &amp; i did shriek like a regular girl
I totally just got a mosquito bite on my poison ivy 
not doing too well with all these 'squito bites   
i might as well have chicken pox, i have so many bug bites 
Lightning bug hit my windshield; lit up for a second, then it fizzled  http://bit.ly/amE9e
I just found a spider on my bed 
hello i hate bugs 
@bamBILLIONS yeah, u can say dat. lil phobia of roaches 
Ah what happens if another spider comes and bites my butt again 
would much rather b organic, but those grasshoppers r as a plague - &amp; they aren't even hungry yet hard choice, dust r lose it  afik 
@whathappened I came home to find three big spiders and a giant bee. 
just shot some spider killer spray at a freakin' huge spider!!! it dropped like a rock but now i can't find it.... 
@2wat aw.. that bites. 
*yucks* what is the big cockroach doing @ B1 wisma Toastbox..  
Missing my little lovebug 
feeling sleepy and the mosquito-in-the-cubicle is no where to be seen to entertain me 
I just got yelled at by @swear_bot for cursing too much....I feel so ashamed 
poo, out of the good sour worms. I miss their texture 
Fresh ant bites on my foot 
alone smoking roaches  hiphop keeps me sane.
Morning seem to have the bug that going around 
I fucking hate spiders  1 down 6565326 more likely to go
I have two very big bug bites on my legs... 
rode her bike through too many swarms of bugs 
ohmygosh.....i...hate...spiders!!.......  Lol
is really hoping this thing on my thigh is not a spider bite!! 
The early bird gets the worm...I guess u can say this worm is on a diet  these late nights are holding me up...but thay are fun!!!
so- I'm getting a pedicure. as afraid of fungus that I am 
Also picked up a nasty bug thingy which has made me feel completely 'orrible 
I have a mosquito bite on my knee 
catching a swarm of bees is really super scary 
There's a big spider in here.  It has big fangs. Me no like.
is being attacted by ants 
@amysav83 @aerobic247 yes gang up on me  I was thinking more wasp/bee
@cavsfanatic i wish i had a/c here! i'm gonna have to sleep with the window open, but i get scared of bugs flying in  yuck!
saved a wee spider from bathwater, then accidentally drowned him in the sink 
I got skeeter bites on my feets  and i never get camp mail
Mosquito on the loose - in the house - I'm desert 
just splatted a bug on my monitor 
Just ran 2 more miles. Mosquitos are killing me right now fml 
Getting eaten alive by mosquitos 
i have a bug bite on my finger. 
@photojunkie you wait until they fix the bugs 
has too many mosquito bites for one girl 
omg i am terrified of bugs and there just was a lightning bug flying around my room for half an hour. 
@jasminejoejonas u never gave me back my burt bees 
tired but can't sleep... covered in mosquito bites 
Nightly bout of insomia again...so back to thinking about the big louse 
back at work! suffering from too many mosquito bites! 
@mimiandkarl what's new? when it rains, it's off!! Haha huhu 
I have way too many mosquito bites though. I got one on my ass today 
plant problem identified: scale insect infection 
I'm a busy bug lately. tsssssssss! 
@suziperry I'm laid up in bed with some sort of sickness bug. Trying to keep my daughters away sobthey don't get it 
has just been molested by an amourous swarm of greenfly! i feel violated! 
I have a bug bite on my back. 
@kharamills me too! Little buggers. 
@bartelme you have the same bug as me 
@cottonmouth13 How sad 
Home sick. I have some kind of chest/coughing bug. 
@elimfcash I am so jealous. No lightning bugs in D.C. 
@gabbyisflyyy No he doesn't he's acting weird  I know how he acts with a hairball.
you wouldn't believe what I've just done with some maggots 
@MariaEllsworth i said stick bug! not dick bug. 
My crickets arrived! . Many are dead.   http://twitpic.com/7mozw
and another one bites the dust 
back to work.... 0 bugs to fix 
 Does anyone know how to treat a bug bite on a dog?
now i never get to se the massive spider 
I miss the lightning bugs from the eastcoast..don't see them here on the west side 
I have a nasty spider bite on my hand 
Is still scanning for viruses and spyware trying to find out what keeps killing my log on cookies 
@k80bug sideways typing!  but still no built-in voicedial  
@runkerrierun good run, sorry about the bug. 
Standing outside, being eaten alive by bugs. 
Omfg, theres a spider on my ceiling and i dont know what to do!!! 
Theres ants in my bed n i cant find where they are coming from 
There is a giant ass..let's just call it an insect with like inch long skinny legs and it flies. I'm freaking out. I hate bugs 
I apparently need to wear bug spray inside the house... 
I am finding that large spider bites on the inside of the thigh are very painful.  It also doesn't help that I am allergic to spiders 
Ugh, fuck you, mosquitoes! I was just starting to lose my Canadian mosquito bites when American ones found me. 
I have a bug bite on my toe 
Mosquitoes go away! I have 174826 bites 
Not prepared for all the bugs california has to offer. 
i have too many bug bites on my legs. is there something living in my sheets? phantom spider? 
There was just a spider on my bed 
this moth won't leave me alone 
@mathie I agree, unfortunately this is too late at this point  Could you file a bug nevertheless? http://bugreporter.apple.com
another one bites the dust... beijing's original reggae bar closing   it sucks http://tinyurl.com/lgqayx
i have at least 10 mosquito bites! ahhhh soo itchyyyy 
Ants ants ants  a thousand billions of ants
@FiboSequence I still can't find the damn bug. 
got 7 bug bites last night!!! 
Attempting to fix bed but is too scared to go near my spider infested curtains 
I have noooo idea   but he has 3 bites! and the other two are getting mini blisters too  I just emailed the dr @PhilHarrison
@Rhiamon I kind of want one of those bug catchers to get rid of creepy spiders without having to go near them 
Allergies suck more than a vaccume at a dirt convention 
@serenachoong i got a mosquito on my forehead! 
@AOutrageous it really does bug me out  lol.
I just got stung by a bee  owie!
The bug bite on my face ITCHES. 
has chiggers. 
@wandatastic The walking was terrible. There were bugs. 
ugghhh....i just swallowed a bug. 
I think I caught a bug from the hospital 
has too many bug bites 
Ouch. I just got attacked by ants. 
@SDWhite - I am usually the one in the group to be eaten alive by mosquitos - not happy... 
wtf, i have a bug bite... not cool! effing bugs 
@Prettystellar but you can't do it with frosted flakes, its too sticky  and ants will be parading my room lmao
I was attacked by what appeared to be a flying ant today. Bit me on the back of my neck. It's dead now. But the sting still hurts. 
@sasatothemax thankyou so much sa, huhu takut 
I think I lost my burts bees. That was almost a full stick, too 
 i think the huge bug bite the size of a large orange on my leg, is infected because it's gotten worse &amp; i'm running a fever. oww 
think i caught a bug 
My back itches so bad, I think I got multiple bugs bites of some sort  
I think there is a bug on my ceiling 
I'm being invaded by giant Mosquitos. What a swell evening   http://twitpic.com/7s1vf
went to dinner and got bug bites all over my legs... thats what i get for wearing a dress i guess?!?!  and a fractured toe. wtf summer?
It started with fixing a not so simple bug, and I end up cleaning up code.  At least I remove these 2*O(n) abuse.
too hot to sleep and i have the creepy crawlies from all my recent bug encounters  what's a girl to do?
realised it's best i not make cupcakes if i half half a gastro bug 
@jsi5 http://twitpic.com/7rrf7 - Looks like an spider bite...I had that happen on my elbow and it was the itchiest thing ever! 
I think my scorpion is dying 
has the chicken pox and is very down !!  x
It's not even 830 and i have already been bitten by mosquitoes on campus. 
@TS106 creepy bugs  cross between junebugs and stink bugs. Hundreds
@kt55bug you are dead to me.  
@crazysarsi &quot;just hate moles...  &quot; - moles are great, we would be in a real mess without them - http://cal.culate.it/whymoles
@Thaflyguy yes I love it with a gator punch u will b set but I can't get d gator punch right now because I'm at work 
I see a mom.  pushing a stroller. On a cell. Swatting her toddler walking next to stroller. I want to punt her and give the kids a hug 
i just had to kill a spider.. - it was big  http://tumblr.com/xqv23cmlw
reading for a little while, updating ipod &amp; then some major major epic cleaning of the year.  not too excited... i hope i don't see bugs.
I have a mosquito bite on my eyelid. 
I'm a bug's dream  8 new bites from last night.
 I think I'm getting that stomach virus going around....nooooooo.
erghhhh there was a spider in my rooom 
how do I not notice a spider crawling on me until it's on my chest?   eugh.
this stupid mosquito bite is bugging me omg....hurts lol 
has too many bug bites to count 
My bug bite is changing colors with my pulse. 
Hotties at red robin. how to approach... well maybe not. they gave me a dirty looked and then started laughing. 
all i have available as a potential roach-killer is oven cleaner. ... surely this should suffice? 
Eeeww gross a bug tried to fly in my mouth  too much rain and the bugs come out.
@alexms45 cuz she was imaginary and she wasn't scary but when i see a cockroach i run out 
My legs are all itchy and mosquito-bite ridden, shorts were such a bad idea. 
I just got eaten alive by mosquitos on the patio 
A mosquito fed from my eyelid. 
huge creepy scuttle bug in my room... eeeiiiihhhh 
when i saw the bug i scream and @iluvJonas_  laughed at me 
@wind_bug yeah! 
I hate bugs!! 
I just ate a bug 
@wind_bug soooo, we could still go out! 
There was just a spider in my bed 
@deepbluesealove I know they can be pests 
Guess who's window opened up in the middle of the night? I've been bitten to high he'll by Mosquitos. 
We just watched a show bout spiders and Iook up and a fuckin spider is on my wall....I'm terrified of spiders 
another mosquito bite...this time on my chin   I'm a mosquito magnet...my blood is sweet ;P
zend framework is full of bugs 
@EternalScribe Did you get eaten alive by mosquitos too? 
@i9950 I couldn't find any alleries at all to the lizards themselves but you can get mites or scales under your nails , that might do it 
you know what I hate ? bugs. they're so annoying 
@leeboardman And if I didn't get out the bath, I'd be sucked down the plughole and have to live with the spiders.  I hate spiders. 
#gnome-do leaks are back! 
Nothing says summer like bug bites. So itchy 
I'm so upset busy bees was closed 
I really need to head to the gym, but the lazy bug is creeping in on me 
 I keep thinking a freckle on my arm is a bug and I almost keep hitting myself
I have a bug bite on my face! 
i have the attention span of gnat, anti-woot 
@moth Me too 
@ddlovato do you like spiders? well not like, but are you afraid of them. cause they're my biggest fear 
*sigh* stuck in bed, I hate being allergic to mosquitos 
@terrysquires Ouuuch! I hate bees/wasps 
Just used the wind shield wipers to knock a spider off the wind shield. I fuckin hate spiders. 
I wish bugs didn't love to eat me. 
there is a spider in my bed and I've got the rashes 
Getting eaten alive by mosquitos 
@bigbuttnicole i think i just caught ur spam bug 
@nighthawk921 is dumping me 
@Grimsta2003 I know!!! Running from a spider... I thought it was on me so I throw everything down 
I just watched a lightning bug die 
the last bite of a footlong always tastes the best then it makes me sad that it's over  haha
@gmbaybieex0o yes and spiders and beetles! idk where there all coming from 
one of my fears is finding worms/bugs while i'm sifting flour, about to make a cake 
aah! the insects want kill me! 
And I walked into a spider web and now have phantom bugs crawling all over me. 
FINALY defleaitized my bed. my kittys have fleas. 
i have a mosquito bite on my hip 
@dulanja might be a bug neda? 
currently being eaten alive by some mean ants 
the biggest bug I know   
I have tons of bug bites  we cant leave the screen open on late summer nights anymore @cassizanone :/
I'm a horrible, drippy vector of infection. I'm sorry.... 
http://twitpic.com/7zud7 - burying our scorpion 
To sleep I go! I wonder what I shall dream about(: not more insects I hope 
just woke up im tiered of tupid bug bites! 
@mjdicker My legs are absolutely covered in mosquito bites after this weekend, too. 
Too many bug bites 
@BrItTtAnYLeMiRe SERIOUSLY. no more gummy worms for me! 
My zucchini is being absolutely eaten by bugs.    I need to be more proactive about that, like I am with the ants in the house.
it feels like there's a tick or a spider on me  eeeeeek!!!
I have mozzies bites all over me.    I can't help I'm so sweet.
I swatted a mosquito and I feel bad.  
@knivesinmyeyes I tried that but the only thing I could find was covered in cobwebs and I fear spiders as much as chickens. 
@Obajoo euw. They bite my elbows too! I've even gotten a mosquito bite on the heel of my foot before. Mosquitos are jerks. 
Home from work with a stomach bug 
still has the chicken pox . 
viruses suck...and are hard as hell to get rid of 
I am covered in bug bites 
today all my mosquito bites itch 
Ewwwwwwwwwwwwwww I just stepped on a snail..... 
If your system works correctly, it doesn't mean there are no bugs. It means there are even number of bugs. 
@hannughh for me its always the damn mosquitos. and i must be allergic cuz i get these huge monster sores whenever one bites me 
have you ever had a mosquito bite on your boob? It sucks!!! 
Who wants to go out on a date with a girl with 12 bug bites? 
sumfin scary jus hapnd, a spider jus came down infront of me from the cieling n i hav arachnophobia..i feel really paranoid 
we had to come inside because there was a stupid wasp sitting near me 
giant ants with wings and huge mandibles are trying to kill meeeee 
i hav lice... 
grr i hate bugs tht crawl or fly. gah ..nd thers 2 inside my room right now wtf  they made me turn off the light... stupid flying bugs.
has a bug bite on her elbow 
i have a mosquito bite on my face  cool
There's a bug outside the window. 
Why do the mosquitoes love me so much? I didn't do anything to them!! I just arrived 5 minutes ago and already have 3 mosquito bites... 
Just got stung by a scorpion!! What next?! 
@webis_mobile weird sync bugs sound right up my ally . I've got one that I can't reproduce but it happens to real data constantly 
@jimgaffigan To Mosquitos, I am also delicious. 
Waking up in 4 hours.  Mosquitos really love my blood or something cause i have bites all over. Any recommendations?
How does a mosquito bite you on the bottom of your foot?!?! Who knows, but it's hard to walk on... I'm all itchy 
i need unscented because my skin is ridiculously sensitive to perfumes. also, it's summer, and i don't want to attract bugs 
I'm in el paso. It's humid and the bugs are bigger here 
Looks like I may have a migration bug! 
@cuteredshoes i'm down with dirty girls. it's the spambots that bug me. 
Holy crap, I have a mosquito bite in (one of) the worlds worst spot(s)!!! This is absolutely no good, folks. Going to make sittin a pain 
I hate wasps so much 
@jasonviola Why thanky- *drops it down a bottomless drain full of spiders* 
@gracielaM ohh really??I thought they were germs 
@JeniT think we found a bug in rdfQuery trunk - not handling nested elements properly 
@yellowpark Actually it was a fast worm feedback. 
@iphigenie up up and away!  btw i'm currently using the opera 10 alpha and, apart from 1-2 annoying bugs, it rocks.
@Wiggly I do  I thank them for example when their code doesn't have many bugs, or when they make it easy for me to automate.
@DaveMalby early bird gets the worm 
all these tweeps with worms.....  don't they pills for that?  
I'm sick of bugs. I'm not an outdoors person 
wow  bugs 
@lemonsareyellow two swallows 
@Trish1981  you make me laugh -- wise grasshopper of breakfast
teary-eyed huhu 
you give me butterflies 
@RickysEvilClone use hairspray...they get stuck and can't move...i'm now wondering if you meant metaphoricol spiders. enjoy regardless 
checking webs 
@shaundiviney lol bees, cos everyone talks about bees 
itching my bug bites. i have tasty blood 
Listening to a premix, trying to get al the bugs out 
@juliaoldham You're welcome! Bugs! - very interesting!  I used to have a primo collection req'd by school - earned the top vote for it 
I need to move away from this river.... lol so many bugs. skeeters,  our state bird 
https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/56125 really does need to get fixed 
@optiv_flatworms It isn't that bad .. 
@bug1011 rubber bands are quite entertaining 
@mcurtis12news Interesting. How exactly does one collect worm poop? 
@optiv_flatworms Looks nice 
going to buy dettol germs disinfecting spray, some masks, vitamins and some shopping along the way perhaps 
@googlyzip I just gave her the last couple of bites. It was really good. 
@marialavis you could give all the crumbs to the crows for me  
At my ants house! Planning a vacay 
I proudly declare that i no longer haf 'live fish' phobia. Lol. I love em fishies.. 
@ladybug8320 that is definitely a blast from the past 
@adrianspencer we have mice in our attic who clog dance 
@SedzOz no actually it gets rid of the bacteria and they thaw out nicely 
I just single handedly killed 4 flies and a crane fly with my hairbrush!! I'm gonna go disinfect it now...but bugs beware!! 
discovered cause of a bug in the new #NetPLAYER 4 build. Publishing bug fix now, hopefully new beta by tomorrow 
@sharks12rw hey, i just tweeted you a hat trick!  
@ker_bbs read up a bit on camel spiders... that'll put you to rest 
@glittertrash No! More bees! I found that convo interesting. 
moles making mole hills as if to say a moley peek-a-boo 
@MatBlackmore I have a worm composter if you're short of 'extras' ! 
got my spider bites finally, hardly swollen quite the bonus 
OK, iv'e caught the twit bug 
@glutenfreefox yea it sounds less threatening, they almost sound cute when you call them a palmetto bug 
@npope Like a fungus, maybe?  
@mileycyrus i hate mosquitos too, i got a venus fly trap and whenever i killed a mosquito i would put it in the fly trap 
I loveee my bees.   
hanging out with the bug - she's movin to town y'all 
@melissa_marr when you said you met bees I had a vivid vision of bees offering little stingy handshakes  colorful birds are fun to lure.
@thisisryanross Is bad lucky  puaj!a spider....
@youretrash_x nite twitted bug 
@Garthcusters gosh, i'm with u there hey! they are tiresome little buggers... drain u for all you got! 
@ymariet what?! He learned about the &quot;birds &amp; the bees&quot;?! 
@MattAntonczyk your room obviously has a yeast infection and/or infestation. Haha. 
@linrose much better  still wish i was sleeping, but the early bird always gets the worm first  how are you?
@PhilsLion i'm just scared of moths! 
@stuartclennett Think of the birds and the insects 
@ladybug8320 I will! Thank you 
discovering genes in under researched species.  whatevs, kinda geeky, but also, damn cool, i think 
Yay helped to find the bug in the gianfar driver that was causing major panics... all is good now. 
has rekindled her obsession with eels 
@fredward16 holy crow! if you don't answer me ima punch you in the gonads! 
17 bruises  + once coming up from the stupid lollie frogs good weapons though
@goodlaura well, actually worked arouned. I wrote a little cache clear tool until I can track down the bug. 
@boudga LOL oh I know.  I'd rather have the chemicals than the bugs 
flesh eating virus almost came back, but all is well now  yay!
search seek and destroy... bug 
@ashiebutt you can say worm is the best! 
