Most common words for this cluster:
[('bus', 366), ('train', 339), ('station', 93), ('metro', 61), ('stop', 36), ('trains', 31), ('subway', 29), ('home', 25), ('time', 24), ('taxi', 23), ('lol', 20), ('ride', 17)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'bus', 0.8557373285293579), (u'train', 0.8343133926391602), (u'buses', 0.7320968508720398), (u'trains', 0.7110669612884521), (u'Bus', 0.6989023685455322), (u'trolley', 0.6955397129058838), (u'tram', 0.6736169457435608), (u'busses', 0.672542929649353), (u'commuter_train', 0.6715655326843262), (u'buses_streetcars', 0.6700287461280823)]





Train rammed, fellow commuters vile . Special derision reserved for the man who appeared out of nowhere to claim 'his' seat. Luggage rack 
@DTizzler and it took me my entire walk to the train station to undo it 
On the train sans Guardian 
@helenvking I feel for you, commuting on packed trains is hideous 
Train late again!! ... I'm gonna have to walk the hall of shame 
needs a ride to work  im not liking the pospect of the 84 bus!
On the bus going to work!  booo!
Taling the train in sigh 
Friend's wedding tomorrow. But the venue is so far away from my place, and not very accessible using the MMTS either. What do I do 
I have fallen off the working out wagon and I can't seem to get back on 
Bus seat to myself 
On the train i'm so sleepy  i miss my daniel i think he hates me atm
@aconite You're not exactly a short bus ride away either  bah. This is useless.
on the bus to go back...burning up on this bus. gonna miss my movie 
The bus always comes lateee 
@EstherMoscatel well, umm...  I can't really get anywhere before the train comes in 1/2 hour 
@kthxx @ttaasshhaa @tai927 not allowed to take the bus 
@Relucs Train ride looked too scary for me 
@conniecrosby and unfortunately you won't be able to do the upgrade from the train 
In a train station with @hexachordal we have left hatalan 
@SARGE_PAULNE  no. Prices are getting higher and i can't afford 60 quid for the train. I'm not happy 
I'm on a train and not so sure of its destination right now 
Signalling delays@Leeds  will have to leave earlier to make sure I get on a train  no lie in 
they've used different rolling stock on train this morning, fewer seats in each carriage 
I just freaked because its so sunny-i thought it was like 12 n we miss our bus hahaa 
Morning  Bus replacement services today 
@yolie81 That station makes me sad 
@fistynuts depends on the terminals - some are joined, for those that aren't if you're staying airside it's just the bus I think. 
Egads, this train carriage smells like oranges, moisturizer and death. 
Walking to the bus stop. Its raining 
well that me just dropped the hubby and dog off at train station they heading to chester to do some filming..all alone 
On the train on my way to work! Its so early 
missed my bus by 30 seconds 
Heading to station now 
Train is stopped &amp; I an bored out of my mind &amp; very uncomfortable 
@bigbassist1701 about to get on a bus, it's far too nice for siting in lecture theatres 
Freezing my arse off waiting for this BoltBus...  I see the DC bus, the Mega Bus, but no Bolt 
home time in 15min....... who's piggy backing me to the train station 
Working on the train rather than sleeping 
Is sitting on a southwest train going nowhere 
just missed the bus 
on the bus....whyyyy??? 
Sitting on a train. A pretty crowded train actually. 
i'm having trouble getting out of bed.... i'm so tired  hopefully i don't miss the bus.
@freakyfays I wish....but I have to run, I'm already in the train 
Ughhhh bus 
Off on the bus. Tally ho 
@onacruise I forgot, and I totally was tired and passed out. I could have taken one bus there.  boo.
Train to work is so cold    X.
So tired need to get the next train 
Sitting on a train that seems to stop more than it moves 
Looking for blue october's tour bus..don't look like they are here yet.. 
At the train station. It's cold 
On the train, ITS FECKIN CRAMMED 
bout to get the train to work 
is looking to going home, but its a ten hour train, two six hours flights and two bus journies. 
This traffic is insane! 
I hate getting to the train platform late at night just in time to see the train pulling away...and being too tired to skate it. 
It seems the bus timetable has changed recently. This is unfortunate because I thought I'd be on one now. 
in the cab w/ blacks 
has a much harder time negotiating MUNI w/o headphones 
trains are v boring 
On the train going to work. 
I am waiting for bus 115 
...another 30 minutes at the bus depot terminal 1 at frankfurt as my bus is leaving at 2.15 pm... f****...! 
Bus drivers in berkeley are in a bad mood today.  sad. I wonder what would cheer them up?
@gfalcone601 i join you in the sickness train!! it sucks 
still feel like i was hit by a train... 
@taylortighten I LOVE YOU!  *punches evil bus lady*
Just missed the train we got up at 5 to catch  !
Just had some juice in office cafeteria and looking for some Railway details to book my luggage as i am moving to HYDerabad soon.. 
missed the train , that tends to happen to me alot 
Waiting tram 
@carambs - i hope it's not in my morning transpo. i took the bus 
@vonnvonn it's gone.  the clouds have stolen it! Lol (that was the kid next to me on the train)
On the bus now  goodbye chloee ily xoxo
Loving twitterberry! Not loving melbourne trains and going back to work 
sent out e-mails about the Greyhound adoption and is waiting for answers. And unfortunately, received only 2 negative answers so far 
Not looking forward to my 4am start in the morning. Car to Train to Bus to Plane to Taxi. Estimated travel time? 4 hours... Each way. 
Is sitting here waiting for my carpool 
Caltrain, no zombies tho 
@ben_tom you hate newcastle train services? feel sorry for me i have to catch a newcastle train home every day 
is waiting for a bus. 
@courtneychance Are you coming on the train or nottttttt ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
@showperson I know.    Now that its over, it means I have to get to sleep since I have an early train.  
The bus was late, so I'm late for yoga  I need to check if they changed the frequency
@ZoeStanford I hope it still is after all this train mess! 
On train waiting to go to southampton. This really isn't what sundays were designed for 
Missed the train I needed by about 2 mins. Almost burst into tears at the station. Means I loose 1 hour of my limited freedom this week. 
@TomFelton I fell asleep on a train due to alcohol!! Missed my stop and had to pay 30 quid for a taxi  I know you know the feeling!! Haha
@TheRealJordin i really wish i could have met you, i cried cuz i got lost  stupid TTC!
off to bed.... have to catch the early early train 5:45 
I'm already sick of this train 
@Morrica nope, i'm in the train still. 
sitten on the bus with war lauren to skl  bad times :p
Thanks to a train diversion I'm now on a train so crowded tighter 
@mmhan ya man. Bus and Train and Taxi. I spent too much on Taxi.. yesterday alone 
@lunaticsoup Bus! I live 27 miles from where I work so no bus 
@BeaMarqz and @nicolethorp are making me jealous.  they have yellow cab. 
@ full full busway 
My bus came really early 
I now know what a train hitting a person sounds like 
not looking forward to taking the bus to kew gardens 
is no longer going on a bus 
@mushrew we jinxed it yesterday. Caltrain hit somebody. DELAYS! 
Is lonely and waiting for the bus 
1st train is at 0720. What a service 
Next bus to to the walk is at 9:30 
On number 4, this bus is the old one though 
not new york train friendly 
waiting at the bus stop in the rain. we wil get to the park and it will be over. 
Metro centre + illness = not a good idea 
Farting on trains 
People on intercity trains are really mean! 
Waiting...delayed train! 
Still on the train 
Wait for bus and the bus stop 
Taxi I eventually ordered didn't bother to turn up and wouldn't answer phone!  So having to get a later train and wishing I had a car 
Now to get the tram instead 
uncontrollable little kids should not b allowed on a peak hour train... now i have oreo smeared all over my skirt 
Awww why they playing Metro Station...  &quot;at the front dooooor&quot;
Train late  missed connection have to freeload to weston to get back on shedule #fb
Bus supposed to come every ~7mins. Now been waiting nearly 20. Grrr! And I was running late already 
I'm tired of living on a bus 
There is free wireless on the train but it won't connect me 
Sodding train is late 
@shaundiviney i can't find the station 
@brianjshoopman Me try to take ride on bus stop, like people say, but bench not move. 
@filmdirector247 Any chance you could note it down for me? No Metro up here 
This bus is so boring 
On the bus  i have a truck but no paycheck yet but i do work
Going to the bus stop for school. 
 hate public transport stood waiting over half an hour for a bus which didnt show up luckily i got a lift to work
Someone pick me up and bring me to the train station??  or just hang out with me?
i feel like i've been hit by a train 
tired  I have to jump on train to 125th then catch the bus to the airport  next time I'm bringing my car up here.
Almost missed the bus...    The stupid bowling stadium parking garage charges $5 now   had to find other parki... http://loopt.us/N5510Q.t
Still waiting for the bus 
&gt;&gt; propel    Running &quot;om&quot; phing task -&gt; Bus error : Mooookaaayyyyyyy, le bus magique se craque 
I had to run to the bus stop this morning. I hate hate hate taking the bus 
i hope you guys didnt have a cab sing a long without me 
It fucking pouring rains while i walk to the bus stop, then it stops when i get there 
my bus is crazy late 
Tube strike still on victoria line n the whole line shut down  
@Jennifalconer my day so far? up early, to station, on train, train falls off rails, jump (literally) off the train, share taxi, to work 
strange not going to a train station today 
Apparently the Virgin Trains &quot;Booty Train commercial is too risque for the Singapore audience! Youtube says it's not available 
@chilliupnorth I missed the bus to the brewery 
bus stops in dundee are horrible and cold!! 
ugh, mary's not on the bus. 
waitin for the bus 
on the train, didn't get a table 
Mechanics cant fix limo on time so we have had to hire a Minibus as no one will hire a limo without a driver 
At the train station - the train is delayed 
on the b/w parkway. traffic was great and then it all came to a sudden stop since then 2 cops 1 ambulance and 3 fire trucks have gone by 
Fucking bus broke down.  should have gotten on green
Is worried about going on the train on her own and doesn't what to do  somebody help me!
bollocks, typically I've talked too much and now have to run across the city to catch my train, the one time I do booked train only... 
@Raynecleoud it's not  just got *very* soggy on walk back to train station 
on train home.  Train full and lots of drunk men in carriage.  This is going to a long journey 
On the train with azlan and ari on the way to london. I ate too much 
@mirthful33 sooo very busy at work  and leaving early so I can't tweet till I'm on Amtrak- how are you?
I have never lost anything while drunk, but sober I don't know what happens. Last night in sobriety I lost my MetroCard  #fb
I feel like I got run over by a bus.    I thought I would feel better by now.
I'm on the bus on the way to dave and busters...I like being on the bus because I'm never on a bus since I walk home 
I feel like I got run over by a bus.  I thought I would feel better by now.
@Kstoneage I'm already on a train from clapham! Plus I'm covered in paint! 
@AEcanSk8@Much2enJOI come get me!! all the trains and buses are booked 
Is on a train all by his self? :s  wow...depressing lol
@Upperechelon20 missed the bus soo.. we decided to walk a million miles to the park in fckn a million deqree weather 
On the bus to disneyland. 
I've got to catch the bus to work 
Just missed my train 
Waiting for the bus. The bus is going to be uncomfortably hot I bet 
@KatStopFeeling i widddd but i'll be on a bus to london    &amp; also 
is hoping that she left her bb at home and didn't lose it on the Metro 
really hates delayed trains especially 44 minute delayed trains. Now going to be late for work 
@deedz I totally agree. I just don't like it when everybody closes the windows in buses, trains etc. I'm afraid of getting diseases there 
@KingsOfLeon_Grl very excited, although her train is going to be delayed 
Bus stuck in traffic; gonna be late 
The trains turned into a microwave 
@CartoonBeardy ....welcome to public transport  X
Where's my bus? I want to go home! 
I missed @tapulous giving away a TTC code 
still on the train goin 2 the southside! 
@Agarcia1097 y r u so defensive on the bus??!!!?? Being mean to me, you make me sad!!! 
Metro from trader joe to 71st closed so many firemen and cops wth happened?! Walking home bus can't go further  ohh
We are on the slowest train ever, it stops everywhere. Missed a quick train by a few minutes 
slept in, missed bus, train delayed, doesn't stop at my stop, late for work. fucking heelllll  
@gasfreecommute -i'd love to be able to bike/bus/walk to work, but it isn't safe in my area 
At subway. Not feeling good 
Working from the bus and def. not getting overtime 
My subway made me so sick I threw it all up 
I live by a railway line, and I always hear trains at this time, but the never any running this late? Wtf hah  cargo trains, I hate you!
tram, alone. this is not what we planned 
Just realizing there is no train that will get me to the Bolt Bus on time 
is on the train to Londonto see the last two performances of @SpringWestEnd 
I'm very tired.....because of being travel - sick in buses yesterday 
about to go get on a train to southampton, can't beleive i'm wasting this beautiful day on a train 
4 more stops... The traffic is so bad! Its too hot to be sat on a bus 
finally got to koln on Train Simulator after a few &quot;mistakes&quot; - and i created the activity  - long time since have tried it is my excuse
On the bus with buster + mammoff, so warm 
@GeekyB the N train came to a complete stop &amp; the iPeezy fell out when I was on the train yesterday, so my hard drive is corrupted. 
Rushed to catch a train. Realised I've forgotten various things I need this weekend AND missed the train. 
@MissyShianne i hate trains...and i have to cross train tracks twice today  i hope this aint a sign.
The train's delayed 
We checked in the code for Mass Transit but it isn't actually working  #openspacecode
at the bus station 
I hate drunk men, especially when I'm stuck on a bus with them 
@andreamylla i hope so, but will there be any adequate transportation like now? I doubt it  this one's been fun, though! ^.^
On a train to springfield mass. Wooooooooooooo 
Still not home  the train was cancelled and the bus dunt leave till 6  poo
Train stuck (point failure) and ipod stopped (battery empty) Not a happy bunny 
We'll be on our bus on our wayw to a plane in 2 hours.  How sad. I wanna stay here forever.
All trains off for hyndland-Biiiitches 
@mashbuttons lolz. its dead here too. i just ate subway on break and now i feel vomitish 
Just got off a bus with *no* A/C.  was at least 100 deg, no joke. #excellenttransitsystems
Waiting for the train at the rutherford station  booo.
Should be able to board my bus in 5mins...its sitting next to me but no driver yet 
Some dude vomited on the bus 
I hate gas stations 
waiting for the bus... and i gots to potty 
The bus should be here by now  hopefully its late xxx
@DoctorJohnSmith It was a hideous, hideous train wreck and I'm so sorry for you two that it happened. 
@swordfishninja well at least you GET to eat subway 
In possible the most shaded train station ever, with an hour untill next train to brum 
Waiting for a bus because no trains are running 
hates having to explain to oaps why they cant have my seat on the bus!  dam health!
@misscole74 I wish.. I looked at flights last night.. too much $$. The bus or train doesn't work... and it's too far to drive!! 
@lrpw1302 I got very ill last night still feeling dodgy  how long a train journey you got ahead of you?
just took laura to the bus station. 
Ugh just woke up. I feel like i got hit by a bus 
I dropped one of my rings in the subway 
The bus to ballinrobe doesn't have air con! I'm dying!  shouldn't really complain that we have nice weather for once though...x
On the train back to reality... 
Dammit. We had to switch bus. 
@Nwairah I loved your tweet about the bus. That happened to me today, the bus almost kissed my car. I hate buses 
mmm i dont have much bus fare  wish i could
@bngr Actually what time is that gonna be at. Train services ain't great tomorrow 
@beeerit can't  no transportation
There are 5 couples ok the bus I'm riding and they're all tired and asleep with their next to each other. 
@aliaanz good morning! Train is so packed 
On the bus back to reality. I hate this bus 
@frenchiep woooow, do you knew that i never caught the subway? 
this bus is so cold 
gangs still exist? lol #theyallfail @fwmj smh @ these gang members on the subway 
@sirreeves i'm on the subway platform on my way to the airport now. 
Enjoying the sub, but the train's coming... 
I'm a commuter again  http://twitpic.com/6e30s
is stuck in horrible traffic  
haha just found an internet connection near the bus stop and missed the bus 
is annoyed at the stupid bus he is on which keeps breaking down 
Wish i was still in cambridge - trains are rubbish 
@jaydems  awwww they won't no u told me I'll pretemd its coincidemce lol tell me th closest train station maybe ;)
Missed the bus too 
@DecadentGent @vonbourbon birmingham new street has long been my most hated train station. I don't like taking pissy lifts to platforms 
Bus is late as always...late on my first day...why? 
I jus missed da bus!!!!!! 
http://twitpic.com/6eds2 - On the train headed to work 
my train was cancelled...? on the next one. phoooey 
I almost got hit by a bus. 
driving my @catherine_smith back to the train station 
Getting ready to get on this bus 
Waiting 4 the bus in margarita n valley bl. I miss the first bus  im late to work already.
waiting for the bus to pick me up... 
on the bus  i really hate busses!
is exhusted after the 12 hour taxi, train and bus journey i did yesterday, bless the guiy who got his ear bit of on the train! 
worst migraine ever! i threw up on the train 
Feeling like a train hit me 
It smells awful on the bus 
@barreh already off the train 
... And i'm on a bus 
is upset about train leaving in front of her 
@CosmicMother I can't upload anything from You Tube tonight 
Just missed the bus  holy hell is it hot out here.
On the late bus... I think im the last stop 
@MadamSalami ii want to come down  stupid 3-4hr train journeys :'(
bus is late again 
Bus broke down on the busway 
Just got done eating subway. It was super delicious but I'm super full now 
@JoshPhillips same here only I was on a train 
wtf.  no more ian in the cab?
Just realized there are parts when riding Caltrain that make me jiggle. A lot.  I've got chins I never knew I had 
Is hoping to find a seat on the metro 
Jamming Metro Station, I miss the family 
The bus is busy and smelly  wish I was home.
@nicolerichie note 2 self: don't get on the metro without going potty first 
note 2 self: don't get on the metro without going potty first 
This train is taking so long. It stops at stations for AAAGES before taking off again. Baaaaad daaaaaay 
note 2 self: don't get on the metro without going potty first 
Just arrived in hong kong. The amount of transit passengers is insane and my bags are so heavy 
Dammit- missed my train 
@JamesBeattie that rocks, wish my bus drivers were as awesome 
@kelownagurl I feel like I got hit by a bus 
waiting for the bus... I just want to be hoommee 
waiting on the train  very very cold.
@BassReyBass no cavities!  but i still have the train tracks 
Bus broke down! Walking home in rain 
not a gd start 2 today! Bus broke down half way in2 work, next bus took a year 2 arrive &amp; now work is like a sauna! is it friday yet??? 
Bus got over booked last night so they would not let me on...do not know now how I will get to Paris and if in time...i am so upset. 
@SteveSievers i looked for u! but didn't see u.  were u on the tram? if so... how did u get chosen or was it by chance? 
Missed the train I wanted  bloody taxi being late!
have to learn bus  huh
says i need a taxi asap...  http://plurk.com/p/xuex4
taking so long to do my makeup, i bet i miss my bus 
@ryanmortimer campbelltown station, finished work late and missed my bus 
Now we're in the bus, then get into the train, arrive at gambir, and bye. 
@Megankeli thanks megs. i just wish the interview was on the easiest bus route, its close but jut a bit off the bus route so i gota walk2 
i lost my train pass in the city  now i have to get a new one which might take ages!
Waiting for the train  so bored!
I am at the train station. Doctors don't know why meg is throwing up blood. 
Missed the bus...great. 
Traffic around the Bus Station is now at a standstill due to Dorchester Street  Buses all being delayed!
It is taking 20 minutes to get from the Bus Station to the entrance of Dorchester St  Buses getting badly delayed again!
At the bus stop. I think my legs are burning 
the heat on this train is deadly 
I just collected all 20 loco rocos but 5 were eaten 
missed my bus stop, 
the train has stopped between stations and isn't moving     we won't get home this way.
At the police station 
just missed the bus 
*Train. Lol oops this nigga annoying me 
Where the hell is my bus  fmllllllll.
cancelled. parkway police blocked off, motorway at a stand still and round meadowhall queues to end all queues, back home to sulk instead 
Shivering as I wait for train 
it's super-duper raining cats and dogs here in the Metro!!! i can't leave the office. i'm wondering how am i able to get home.. 
back from bosnia, I feel so tired and my eyes hurt. the bus ride sucked. 
I have a three seater all to myself on the bus. In other words, i'm lonely.  lol
TTC sucks....it's now 2 days in a roll that they have had service issues... 
well not into this new bus driver for the bishy bus. he drove away and now i feel like im walking on a conveyer belt. aaah! so warm too 
@carole29 are you ok? just seen the tweet about the bus 
Jacorian is on his bus. 
Interesting. The business partner that I supposed to meet ended up on a Train that did go to Prague but didn't stop, he is now 200km away 
@edotchang I think your train troubles are rubbing off on me!!! 
@DaSqUeAkYOne its horrible  I'm sitting in subway listening to the horrible as music in here 
On the bus.  http://yfrog.com/4rmzzj
Train running late (as usual) followed by a bus running late (as usual) 
Bus arrived 17 mins late but I don't think we're going anywhere soon since the driver got off 
just got back from the polling station, it was empty! 
in a cab to the hospital..had no ride there  better not be expensive!!
I'm so tired, had a ten hour train ride 
@marauder_bex but you have trains and buses! i have my parents. 
On my way home ... Train one of three 
At train station, it stinks of piss 
listening to can you feel it while waiting for bus! god i miss them boys! 
@haileymaineATLF nah, i haven't heard. what about it? and yeah, i loveee the cab  so sad about ian leaving 
my bus broken down going through central park and i forgot my umbrella and had to walk very, very far to get to work.  
had to settle for subway! ugh 
Bus call in 30 min. I'm packing up and leaving the dressing room. No moar interwebz till tomorrow. 
@biseman still sitting at the mtn view station waiting for the train. 
@emileu i would take public transportation, but in la. It's super nasty, and we don't have a skytrain 
Muni driver was a jerkface! He has a tough job, I know. But when he's being an ass, it makes it hard to sympathize 
Cleaning the Greyhound Bus Station, yay 
My train has died... 
it's raining pretty hard and the wind is picking up. I got off work early so i'm out in it waiting for the bus. 
I have been driving since 8 and now im stopped at a train  poo on me.
@KMarf would love to but there's no tram from Baliang. 
train have stop operating and the complimentary buses keeps coming on every 15 minutes, very annoying!!!  hard to live near the bus stop.
waiting for the bus to come. 
Missed the last train ... And it's snowing 
Sitting in central station. Train not for another 25 mins for flip sake. 
@prateekgupta   i have to buy cab new one now
OK...Bus is moving now, I might loose it 
@camilleTheJonas hey i want also  hey when you at home so I send you the profile  girl as I sit with she in Bus  I dont sit with she 
on the bus to cardiff, i think i'm starting to get travel sickness 
is on the train back from london 
Train leaves in two hours 
Trying to sleep on the train to boston! But its soooo uncomfortable 
@mileycyrus come to the philippines with metro station! 
wants to watch Metro Station in trinoma on june 11th  who wants to come with me? xD
Lovely tour of malta on an open top bus, however burnt knees 
On the train siting on my own 
ugh stuck on the bus because of construction 
I hate public transportation 
Waiting at the bus stop like I said we would. Being dragged to a party I don't want to go to 
tour is over  sitting in the bus and chilling ;)
Bus drivers and dmv workers are the most grouchiest ppl. you'll everr meeet 
If only this bus would arrive 
Has to go to the police station 
Irritating shit. Bus 12 just left without me 
Fraking freight trains! I was thiiiis close to missing my bus cause I couldn't cross the track   http://twitpic.com/6sr3j
At thee train station to see @Caiitttt off  why is she leaving me? *cries*
@crowdsurfaway the train is awesome! @mynameisemily @devanlane can I visit y'all too!? 
Bus is 20mins late.  
On the bus, haven't  left. I wanna ride on orc's bus.  
@JenelleC busses were totally inaccessible 
The queue at M1parkway is abut long... 
missing metro station. @THEROOM's going horsebackriding wtihout me 
i look like a drowned rat. the bus driver laughed at me 
Finally.. The bus is comin, heading hums... Sighh, Tireeeddd... 
@Bambosh cologne n munich? fuck! too far from my town. ghrrrr ;/. i wish you good times with boys from Metro Station, coz i'm not goin' 
@KentonBartlett i miss you kenton   i really want to take a train to birmingham when i go on vaca to charleston... or maybe we can meet?
i hate sunday bus service  trying to get to town for more stationery when really all i want to do is curl up and sleep *whimpers*
Bus finally came. But we're at the front 
I wanna watch Metro Station live. I'm just not in the mood for something right now 
i wanna  go to the go station and take a bus to toronto and stay there! 
Shouldve taken train....been waitin on bus for 20 min 
Wtf  i hate public transportation
@peterc83 i am not a wagon 
I`m so annoyed. :| ) I wanna go to Metro Station !   But I`m arriving on the 12th. :-&lt;
I wanna go to Metro Station !  But I`m arriving on the 13th. :-&lt;
Wish I didn't have to get off the skytrain and go to work. 
can't find my train card. It's going to be an expensive train tomorrow 
And then fumbles it, hurling it under a train 
On the bus  i miss you
Ugh i hate having to take the bus on weekends 
on the train coming back from ma gorgeous girlfriends!  near edinburgh bout to go over the forth rail bridge 
@dannygokey And finally..LOL..There is sooo much more I wish I could have told you in that limo 
its all so sentimental!! the bus driving away........forever  hahhaaaa
Bnp mep on radio 4, sounded reasonable for the first minute - we're going to hell in a gravy train 
Plugged and ready to go! Usually am in d bus mugging. Unfortunately I'm walking and doing so 
Sleeeeeeeeppppy on the train 
I just heard about a Greyhound that got knocked into the mechanical rail and sustained some gruesome injuries all for human entertainment 
taking andrew to the bus station. 
zoey abanded me at the bus stop 
I just want subway. 
Greyhound bound  on my way 2 columbus...If i get this job it`ll b home.
@donniewahlberg were u in a rush to leave dc? no facetime 4 us @ the buses 
the bus ran over my helmet and now they tell me I have to ride on the big bus and they don't let you lick the windows... 
I missed  the train 
I feel as if I've been hut by a bus n then just dumped back in my bed...I'm all weak 
I hate buses 
@i102104 some other station is broadcasting in the same signals as i10204 
Oh, good morning rhode island. You are looking fine today! 2 hrs til kitty time! P.s. Train seats + sleeping + BMX knees = 
On the bus 
on bus voing to skool 
On the train feeling depressed as back to work now 
Waiting for the bus  erghs it should come sooner
Walking to cacth express bus downtown to Metra train to work.  #fml #tcob #musicmonday #cta #worksucks #chicago #lt
@sueyoungmedia sure am. It's an NJT day tho.  nice meeting u jerseygirl in texas!
waiting for the 6 train too go to work 
@dysconnection Delayed by train track morphing into river 
going to the city. And I hate the bus, srsly. Expensive and u can't even pay @ the bus...  u have to text or get a buscard sucks....
@MoodleDan *I* didn;t purchase a ticket at all - school did it for me. Looks like I need to get THAT train 
fell down the stairs on the bus + bruised by back    'cause i'm clever
dropping gaby off at the metro station  i don't want her to go!
i am at interchange .. Just missed the bus 
Damed I missed the Train and it's raining  http://twitpic.com/7gp8l
Is BOOORED on the train back to london! 
on the bus  ....still
20mins to wait for a train 
@lauraawade you got me addicted to crazy taxi 
@spenncerr missed the train so i'm running by myself 
ohbuggerit!!! The train is following the storm    
@MiaManzella I miss you  when are we fixing up the bus?
2 stops from home and the trains cock up. Buses are so godam slow 
@perriross really??? damn!  i live next the train station mabye we can jump a train? haha
I hate public transit 
is bout to get on train 
uggghh! ....I feel like I have been hit by a train 
had another lonely train ride. even sadder when the train stopped at his stop and he wasnt there to say bye to him at that stop. 
About to leave for the airport. I have to pick up my mommy.  I feel like a was ran over by a bus... and that asshole soo didn't call. 
Somebody tell me something to make me smile on this fucking awful Greyhound Bus. 
In a subway... At penn station... But no sandwiches 
is waiting for the next 545 bus because the bike rack was full. 
I missed the bus 
@CHRISDJMOYLES I know that feeling... What's worse though is I have to get on my bike and then a train, then the bike again! 
says now I lost my train of thought  http://plurk.com/p/1191xm
The day started with some accident on the red subway station &amp; had to spend almost 10 minutes in the tunnel 
I just missed my train due to ticket inspectors! 
the only problem with school was that the guy I like (who catches my bus) wasn't on the bus!!! 
At the train station sitting on the cold floor because there are no seats 
It's taken me 50 mins to get to my station from school? And now the wait for the bus 
Morning all. Train was late, now on the bus.. I hope I have enough time to get a coffee. I wish work would give me a parking space. 
Another 199 bus came before the 180. I lose at bus bingo 
on the train home from london the the train is crap and my ipod has decided to die, and still got hour and a half to go. 
@JeredgeLigh cheers mate, got no texts  was as expected really lol. Just on train now, fun!
Argghhh...got play taxi. I'll miss 2 
@woofsadaisy on ferry now, just revving up to leave 
On my way back home..Train is moving slowly..I'm starved  
@emmaarrr you are not relevant to my glasgow train issues though 
@Morrica Walking, Train, Tube and Walking for me. Takes about 90mins 
Waiting on the train. It's taking forever!!! 
@DjJonnyMatrix me the Bus hate no! LOL...  I have my car I'm just stuck at work working 
@DjJonnyMatrix me the Bus hate no! LOL... I have my car I'm just stuck at work working  http://tinyurl.com/ldbrwa
Metro is not made for gimps with calf strains 
@QuestionMarc77 im stuck on a bus in the middle of london 
No joey as a bus budy 
Missed the bus 
The bus is hot. 
damnnnnn the train is messed up todayyyy 
This is the world longest train ride. Ever 
Nasty racists on train. So much I wanted to say but kept quiet for fear of being bottled 
alton towers soooon :-D the bus journey tho  lol x
wanna see Metro Station at Oslo...! hate that I can go 
Two-and-a-half hours: The time it takes to get home when the Tube is knackered. 
headache  and has to be on a bus at 8.07 on saturday..ahhhhhhhhhhhhh....
On my own at llanbradach train station and it's pretty dark 
Wishing I was on my train already but its nowhere to be found 
on the bus with no ipod ehhhhh 
is waiting for the train 
Not all buses out of downtown stop by irving park...waiting to backtrack from foster  boo rain!
the bus rained on me 
Trying to get motivated to go to the barn...got drenched on my walk to the train 
The bus hobo keeps staring 
@richboyz17  well looks like subway lost all you $5.37's.
Ugh on the M shuttle comeON MTA gods I'm ready to be home already 
filling out MTA resume.... 
Is still hungry after subway sandwich. 
ugh!! and the station is full 
got in the wrong bus.. had 2 take a bus departing half an hour later.. i think i'll arrive at work at about 9:30am 
@annTRS ew metro station... zack would be happy with that, he better not leak it 
missed the bus... now I have to wait......  
Trying to watch AMTM on the train but the reception is too sporadic 
@runwayrachel hi its 4 45 am and we're waiting for a bus right now and its rainy and i am sad 
Lol I was so caught up in ontd that I almost forgot to get off the Metro 
Walking to the train station  its cold
@xxxSinead96 ah yesss ;D im leaving at around half 12 but the bus goes at half 11...and then a horribly long bus journey 
@xxxSinead96 ah yesss ;D im leaving at around half 12 but the bus goes at half 1...and then a horribly long bus journey 
@hhcv  It's 'still' in transit?
..such heavy traffic. I'm hungry. 
This bus smells horrible 
20 mins till I have to get the bus on my owwwwwwwwn! 
CTA bus tracker isn't as accurate as one may think 
@FlashGen I bet your train is more comfy than this single carriage run-down shed on tracks I'm traveling in 
With farah on a bus stuck in traffic 
ugh! I feel like a train wreck..I swear I didn't do an all nighter... but i do feel like I did. Starbucks here I come. 
@HHumes where do i go from hackney rail station?? 
I missed my train 
@katygal I SO want to-not sure how tight security is?! If they find it, do they confiscate it or do I have to take the train back to car 
i need inflatable neck pillow for the bus journey there la  i'm auntie like that. WHERE ISSIT
Todays the special day: LIRR fare imcreases yay! 
I hate buses 
i just realized ticket collectors on indian trains are refered to as Titties 
@kerryisamazing: I'm sad that you always miss the bus 
#trainfail 1708 left 1min early. 1737 cancelled. Next train 1808 
@mrjpsycho I'm stuck on bus I want 3.0 now 
but i have a bus pass 
i remember my first crush. we had play-doh on the bus.. i really liked him. i wish i could see him again. but that was like 6 years ago. 
takin' yessi to the train. 
@StvnMtthwJms It's horrible! I had to walk places and get buses in it 
Bus sick...again. 
metro station played only for 45min?! damn. 
subway again. 
@benlilley you mean I could have done it on the train 
Wow the bus left us 
I just killed a radio station on accident. 
Still stuck n traffic! 
Waiting for the bus is boring 
@MiltyKiss He's going to throw you over the rails...  
not off to a good start today, had to drop my wife at train station &amp; go back home to grab my wallet, &amp; then I left my lunch on the train 
@Iloveslurpee I offered some of my slurped to blake metro station once. He turned it down 
@MissDay u kno I would have but I have no transportation 
getting ready for work. missed bus, will have to take a taxi 
Just got off @ the wrong station 
Y the train of anti-me-ism  i dont like this train it makes me sad
@ddlovato i wish i could see u but im going to see miley and metro station instead  sorry
on bus 2 indro  from forestlake...but the bus ended at inala and it smelt funny 
I hope i don't miss the bus  dumb sport training.
Why are there no buses this morning?! I missed my train now! Boooooooo to the bus people! 
pouring with rain! leaked on the bus and got drenched on top of all that i lost my bus pass... 
Bus bus bus bus... Hurry up!  cold.
fuuuuuck. I have to walk to my bus stop! &gt;:[  not cool.
@KirstyBurgoine  hopefully it'll pick up. at least I'm off the train now!
... Just missed the damned bus 
@KiwiiKink No money  and dunno if it's worth it *sighs* If I'll do, I'm coming with the bus, no way am I getting into a plane!
never realised train fares to london were so expensive! all i want to do is go to london for a day 
hungoooooover  4hour train ride ahead !!
2.totally screwed up buses today and went to the wrong stop in the city so ran to dads work and found a new bus...was late for work 
@CarolineKent yes I am actaully holding back tears at the bus stop. Its only little so I'm thinking a little stich might help, but still 
Missed my train....... 
The streetcar is packed. It cane late 
I tried to book a train for alton towers but it refused my card 
In the train again...meeeeh 
Caltrain delays again!  
Unless you get on the train early you won't be admitted on; conductor turned away at least 3 dozen riders  T08:36
tired, i would love to see metro station todaay, but i caaaan't ! 
@vautrin that one really did suck. 90% of the time I &lt;3 Caltrain ... the other 10% was this morning 
im starting to doubt if theres even a bus .  whyyyy do you lie about your times lb transit ?! D:
I think the light at the end of the tunnel is a looooonnnnnggg freight train. 
@taylorswift13 I'm so upset that I can't come see you because the trains don't run late enough 
i'm still on bus! 
The train is finally running again. 
Now on the train.  It's dripping again.  
took bus homee, i wish i was with hunter 
Arghh the dreaded lurgy..Not good when im TTC! 
On my way home from work...aint no telling what I will encounter on the CTA... 
Another ear infection for foster daughter. Tube removal procedure probable. 
I think my train conductor has seen after days  cheer up, miss.
What? #robertpattinson got hit by a taxi? 
def. missin the bus  rite now  damn..
@JustQ123 hes adorable. we need to go find him asap. but make sure there aren't any taxis around apparently. 
@Freakonomy was looking for a train.... flying was freaking expensive .... 
was stuck in traffic jam! huh all the train were brokennnn 
on a train when i should still be in bed 
Getting ready for my first trip on Cityrail since i got back. I miss the Underground, the Metro, the U and S-Bahn and even the NY Subway 
got to gooooo  i wish i had a train to make me sleep so I didn't have to go  kthanxbaii
@ThEiCyChiLL oh yeah - forgot to pass this news .. the 2nd time meeting fr TTC reunion is on sunday .. im going  ! hw abt u ?
just missed a bus  and there is a creepy drunk getting sick at the bus stop ...
Drove past a car wash in Govan Mbeki Rd that is totally cut off from traffic because of road works 4 the Bus Rapid Transit. They're empty 
On bus with a subway coffee  looking forward to the project 2m!!
Managed to get on a faster virgin train so won't be AS late to work, but late nonetheless 
Suns hot but well cold wind. I cant decide weather to put my cardi on haha. Bus is late 
Eating a less than appetising over priced sandwich waiting for my delayed train  #getambition
On the Bus now. 
Public transport sucks ... next bus in one hour 
I love manchester trams but they are rubbish sometimes 
Why are chavs always sitting in the front of the train! I want to make it once 
This fast train is very slow 
@SimpleMia I love Metro Station!! .but too bad that you can't go to see them. 
At the station seeing off @slypigg 
Is freezing her bum off waiting 4 a train  on her lonesome
@WickdWeirdWitch haxzaactly .. just o Incrase traffic amd in turn sales :| all rubbish 
Just woke up like 5 mins ago just waiting for bus I cba 
@OEdleston all plans on hold cept for leics which i already bought train tix for 
I wanna see Metro Station in Oslo today, but I have a gig with my band... 
Heading back to the bus. 
Train delays this morning. : Train delays this morning. 
PAHAHAHAHA rob pattinson was hit by a taxi cab!!! But he wasnt hurt 
what's the best measurement of your public transit system? check out those bus stops. sad face for lafayette 
Train delays this morning. 
@Rellacafa maybe i am just picky, but it seems crowded ! i am 20 mins bus ride from nearest park!!  humans we r never happy 
Wow, if I'd run to the bus stop, I wouldn't have missed it. I was less than a minute away. 
@pbiegaj going to just miss standup. No more express trains 
Waiting for the attorney to send me a taxi. 
@AmeNoTenshi *hugs you* good morning  I'm at the train station waiting for my ride to work 
eugh- i apparently make bad instant coffeee - that or its just crap coffeee... whaaaaat. i want the train to be now. 
In the train again 
@TheAshleyGreene  how's rob..? u know, after the taxi accident. ?! 
is amazed how quicly my stress lever spikes when I take the train 
had to walk round a puddle of human wee at the train station today i wish i was @JessicaMaley or @AlexKallai and lived in the countryside 
sorry @sugarsnap, we're on bolt bus 
I can't find the bus song by @owlcity. 
@ExodusFX hahaha I hate the traffic tho  at least nyc has the MTA!
Just got on the bus. And its started raining 
Morning tweeps! As I've just wasted my bus journey into town waiting for the @starbucks website I'm afraid I don't have much time 
Train to Zurich this morning - last stop 
is at Stafford Train Station and just watched Em's train pull away heading southbound on the WCML 
some drivers r such dicks. blocking the tram cos they r incapable of driving within a defined lane. 
On silly bus  will not miss 101, its such a smelly old bus,
This bus i'm on is really creepy. 
Eugh...on a virgin train into picadilly - a faint wiff of feces in this carriage 
lol my *coming back to home *tour --- for 4hours in a train / 1 hour in a bus /30minutes in a taxi / about 15minutes in a subway !! tired 
@awesomenikz It was jordan honey he said i carnt fit through a bus door 
on a train, mechanic let me down 
Train has broken down just outside derby... I am never gonna make the 2nd half of the lions now!! 
trying to uy train ticket, but it doesn't work... 
trying to buy train tickets, but it doesn't work... 
Working from 3:15-11:30 tonight, with a stop at costuming first. I still have 2 hrs before that bus comes and I am awake and dressed 
Sitting in major traffic right now 
@mitchelmusso I have no clue where to buy tickets for the Metro Station tour!!! Haha. 
2a 'do youn know what train you are getting tomorrow, mine is really boring - it has a snack trolley, not a shop 
scummy bus driver short-changed me because i paid with a tenner and i only just realised 
Ahhh there's too much traffic 
Waiting for the bus home..and them i have to walk 15 mins from the bus station to get home  actually cba
currently sitting in my first taxi in ny.pretty much raining..... 
missing my cuppycake so bad  riding on a bus to fulton : /
I hate the fucking subway 
@_analogy I lost my krishna beads at the bus depot. 
http://twitpic.com/7y4f6 - Everyones signing the bus! And us without our sharpies! 
Passed out at the bus stop heading to work. Really freaked out. The bus must have driven right past me lying on the ground, too. 
@Footballwife lol I was outside waiting for the bus at the mall for only 4 minutes and like you was soaked by the time it came. 
The bus drove right past me. 
arrggghhhh....they drive me crazy crazy taxi! 
i wish i was here for metro stations gig in july   #tremi
And he got hit by a taxi 
on the train dolo  how sad is this shit!
damn it why does the cab have to sound like nysnc so much i can't help but like them 
At starbucks with the darlingness. Bus in 2 hrs 
train journey back to the big smoke later today  leaving the cornish coast behind...
Waiting for a train... connec late as per usual 
Just a shame luce &amp; I can't nip off to the train toilets. Never done it on a train. LOL 
I am holding the Metro Station picture now. HAHA. I'm looking at the camera but @platypusparasol @marielmilo &amp; @BeaMarqz aren't. 
On the rail replacement bus to killie, crappy old bus 
Feeling like I got hit by a bus 
I'm starving  craving both subway and dominos :'(
@solace_aderyn Sounds like a bus to avoid. 
At the train station in tring.  #fb
Streetcar is all good until the person before u doesn't return on time...having to put motherinlaw on train 2 airport rather than drive. 
train station was a bit of a caffuffle... jess has gone! 
is waiting for the train. mmm i hate trains  slipknot is such good company.
@krazycat: Hats, hats, hats! I miss that train station so much. Who knew you could miss a train station like that. 
Why do I walk so dam fast....I am 30 mins early for the bus.... 
was at bus stop and a bird pooed on my work shirt 
I'm late on the #squarespace train 
walking to the bus stop with drench shoes. they smell 
I hate public transport  its going to make me cry.
I'm heading to the bus depot first thing to see if the cleaners/drivers have found my phone, otherwise 
Metro trains collide, reports of at least one fatality 
@Leetha I saw.  they showed the trains on channel 4.      
Wow train crash in northeast! Looks bad 
the metro collision is just terrible. 
@rideworthwhile you need to keep me updated on andy too cos i'll be on the train 
@bobtiki I'm sorry I rode on your train system and broke it 
Those poor people in the D.C. Metro crash 
 poor people on the # Metro
narrowly missed the Metro crash.... cannot believe that just happened 
Really sucks that those two metro trains collided 
@rev_chas I think there are actually outlets on the bus, but I didn't bring a charger with me 
my condolences to the ppl who lost family in the train crash.... 
My prayers go to those who were injured and to the families of those who passed away in this afternoon's D.C. Metro Crash. 
@stansb deaths are at four now, worst in Metro history. 
@evilray Pretty scary. I take the Metro to work every day. 
http://tr.im/Metro4 says the female operator of the trailing train was killed... 
Not paying attention to the stops on the train sucks took a wrong train and had to go back and then I missed my stop on another 
Really sad about the dc metro collision. 
sad about the metro accident 
absolutely shocked at the two metro trains crashing together 
@knitplaywithfir This is the first major metro accident that I can remember - wonder what happened 
sort of terrified by all the transit accidents with casualties lately...  i feel awful for the metro riders  trains are safest transport..
so sad about the metro crash 
@GordonFisherman yeah, if I was ballin I'd definitely have my behind in a cab right now. Bus it is 
but more importantly, gahhh metro collision! 
my condolence goes out 2 d lives lost 2day in the train wreck &amp; those injured (so sad)  www.myfoxdc.com
...what a gloomy metro ride 
Friends try to crack on me wen I avoid the old metro train cars apparently the old car that was in the lead caused the train to crash 
Metro Station - shake it, just came on tv.... i threw up 
iPhone 3G connection via O2 on train seems dodgier than normal 
waiting in the train station cuz i missed my train 
Waiting for that elusive red bus  #fb
union subway blows right now. yuck 
@fwmj - No I was on the bus &amp; he missed it  I was staring mad hard out of shock then he smiled haha. He must have thought I was crazy!
@MusicIsGood4U peggle is five bus again 
http://bit.ly/kOvp1 traffic is not moving. At all 
@Portiaism Aww!   I saw you on the bus stop yesterday. x
2 broken front springs on the car. Bus tomorrow. 
ughh I hate taking the bus 
scary drunk on bus with me today 
Metro accident 9 dead over 80 injured  damn
why is the train late 
Whenever faced with the choice to pee or make it to the train on time... I always choose the train. 
@MaraBG i'm wondering if she was social networking/twittering/texting :\ She smacked right into a parked train in broad daylight 
Omgosh I feel hella late. There was a D.C. Metro crash! I've been on those things multiple times! 
@SeanieMic naw  i saw their bus downtown earlier &amp; i thought about being a screaming rabid fan for just a second. then i composed myself.
@balleralert R.I.P. to the victims of the Metro Train Crash  http://bit.ly/YJ2FFabout       &lt;&lt;right in dc now, rip &gt;&gt;
Yay..... waiting for the bus 
Train 25min delayed due construction work and rerouting 
waiting for the bus, yet again alone! 
Just got on a bus and I'm busting.  bugger.
Fantastic, my train has applied emergency brakes twice, now between stations with the lights off and no idea when we will be moving again 
ya rabbi.steam train oh steam train, why are u so expensive to ride?! 
forgot my headphone! i can't listen to a music in a train 
@Saaamm awwww.  you cant because of trains?
On the train.. So frigging hot. I'm melting :'( &amp; not feeling very well 
wow..i'm on the redline toward shady grove and we're passing where the collision was..this whole train ride has been deathly quiet 
is on the late bus &amp; its a local 
The bus girl is not in the bus 
i dont want to go to work. too bad, already on the train 
Train smells of vomit 
still waiting on a train ... 
There is a blind women on the bus, I feel bad 
@ohnoesgrace have fun learining swedish :L while i suffer on the bus 
Is stuck on motorway 
I just missed the train 
Having just checked, I can confirm that my train ticket definitely does not say &quot;standing&quot; 
so embarressed eveytime i fall asleep on the train 
@MussoMitchel Hey you should go on tour sometime with your brother! Metro Station is freakin awesome! 
@timdp, which train? 
On the bus  it just got there as i got there lucky!
Is on the train  more shopping Yay
Sitting beside a pest in train now  
@it_aint_kansas That sounds like a bus I want to be on 
headed to the radio station to talk to prospective students! now this is what i like doing   then who knowwws
On the train homeeee  p.s. I don't want to go to work!!
Riding the little train at Great Oaks hehehe  I feel like a little kid.
shrimp from Metro were awful - re-jigging dinner menu - maple salmon instead - still good 
@nicopop soon! In a taxi will twitpic away as soon as we get there 
On the first train of the day. 20 mins to crewe to meet a london train full of scousers! 
@mattfriction hello loco 
@compsolutions  &quot;Bus to GongBei from Airport takes about 40-60 minutes FYI.&quot; - remember to look us up when you head back! 
On the bus to town, and its lovely and sunny! 
is listening to zzzzz by the cab. 
Sooo now that Metro Station are coming to Denmark why don't you come with them ?  That would be awesome ! &lt;3
Morning  Bus replacement services today 
Off to the train, by twits 
@dougiemcfly where bouts you goin in bus? 
I almost missed the bus because i was watching the video for Famous Last Words 
@NatalyaFGM I'm on the bus so I'll take one after  x
On the bus with danielle 
on the train going up to london. Weathers fab!! 
now we are in taxi and we go to shop 
Bus driver crashes while texting  http://tinyurl.com/chvesh #crash
Is on the train with nathaniel  i dragged him to darlo, win! He says hi.
@valenbfm choir competitions are fail, but the bus rides are fun 
off to meet matthew at the station 
@stacymagallon  are you taking the train/bus down there?
It is wayyy too early but bamboozle and the cab at 12 
Contact me for one of the new Bike the C-Bus stickers 
Contact me for one of the new Bike the C-Bus stickers 
Contact me for one of the new Bike the C-Bus stickers 
i actually just had i guy offer of his seat on the subway. 
Train Station  I heart trains. Smooth, quiet, pas de stress, zzzzzz http://yfrog.com/9xn69j
@AZBryan Lol, this is cab-driving 2.0 
is listening to metro station shake it  xxx
@ebbybrett Not at all.  I'll just imagine you sitting on the train, staring at your ticket, giggling to yourself 
On the bus going to the cinema. 
Driving on the 15 no traffic 
@trabucchi take Amtrak next time! 
mmmmmmm subway 
@KayMFG one of my favorite stations as well 
@JoesGaGirl www.live365.com/stations/nkairplay 
@williambeekhuis hahahaha where is that train? I want on! That should be a wild ride 
On train with at least two gaggles of teenagers sitting &amp; the commuters squished standing in the back...at least the teenagers let me sit 
subway  im going to get subway....  love it! ate it often when i was in new zealand....
Just downloaded a podcast @ the bus stop 
@lovely_sara I'm sitting in the bus to dublin And listen tokio hotel-reden.And i must laugh.you know why 
On the bus.. Yay six flags 
@Jinxx_  ahahahah, i can imagine us getting on trains and then getting completely lost. lulz will happen. and you'll see egon!! 
Just booked bus tickets for LeakyCon!!! 
@rksaliba no lol the railroad is the trains lol, my kids are doing good thanks 
@TaviGreiner Is that a transit or an occultation? Looks like a transit to me  Really cool though!
@reetii haha the last time i took the train, the 101 was running late. everyone on the bus missed the train. 
alone on the schoolbus listening to @owlcity as usual  failed naplan.
just bought my train tickets for amsterdam!!! 
@suenaing Haha, about taking bus thingy... I guess I figured that you were actually talking about that.. 
@ankertw there might be a bus! 
@aherne148 Me too i can see subway from the window at work, its literally across the road 
@loco92 Do you know what loco means (in spanish) ?   
Marvelous. High speed broadband on the train up north 
should go and catch bus soon to see ten tonne dozer though 
on the bus to the chesapeke bay!  yayyyy
Angels &amp; Demons was pretty good. Train ride back to Queens. 
@globaltolerance hilarious. Yes, this will also be a slow moving train wreck. 
On my way to the train station. What a weekend 
@minuscircus privately built you see ;) however still cheaper and easier than a taxi 
and back on the bus... :/  Calishfornia here I come ! 
@grahamcoxon M&amp;S in nottingham as you leave town on the way to the train station, in some kind of shopping mall 
i feel like i was hit by a bus 
K  was in a tunnel and now I have my service back  woo hoo 
PJain tasted the flavour of yellow in the train 
At subway 
@Wilsurn ah but i was more referring to his transport 
Anxiously waiting to ride the &quot;Dane Train&quot; tonight. 
yay. I'm about to go on another train ride. I &lt;3 trains. 
@ZanMac Rail bruises! You're initiated now! 
@magolith @dezfoo see you squabblers soon! Getting off bus and trooping towards potato plantation! 
Goodmorning twitters  ugh delays suck and wrong information on electric signs  suck as well , could have caught an earlier train
@tivon oh well in that case sounds like cheerios and A(unt) C(lair) Transit can handle that for you 
@webgnu is that just veiled jealousy? I'm thinking if I could public transport to work, I'd be dosed up now 
having dinner on train - nuts and organic juice  i love being on the train, so many strangers 
Train again, no electricity again, battery full this time 
@grldn_ train station tonight it is then 
waiting the bus to go to the parc de la tete d'or 
fell aslep on the bus 
is waiting to catch an overnight train to hongkong after trekking in the Longji rice terraces 
bus with quinn! 
on the bus with emily 
@ChristyDH aye this is a new one. I'll get onto it today. How was last night? I was bolloxed from saturday. Railway was rammed though. 
@bekisbest yayayay! and now i have a bus buddy when i catch busses home and stuffz! 
On the bus, going to the musical theatre awaaards! 
@Spacejoint Or a train perhaps?  
@lisarinna i think it depends on the station 
My shuttle bus left a minute early 
@nilchameleons: bolt bus! leather seats and free wifi 
i miss walking in the streets of valenzuela city, and bus/jeep bus rides with babe's fingers in between mine.. 
is on the train to manchester!! 
got my ticket for the Metro Station  cant wait to see them
@SapphyNo1 mrs pearcen is a trifle fragile at the mo. Train motion isnt helping.  i could go a cooling ale about now though. 
on the bus with emily 
Train to banbury for last meeting of the week 
On the bus to Islands w. eli 
On the bus, am going to be quite late to school..loving the weather tho  p.s.Thanku to my lovely neighbour for driving me to the bus stop!
@beautifulkate is a noob. At the bus stop with her! 
Going to the zoo.  then ten hour bus ride home! Wooooot!
on the train, toronto bound 
@kallmebubbles  i already am!!!  At the train station - whew!  But i do love the heat 
it fits! yay! and it has a long train and wings! 
I love it when our bus driver brings donuts for us. 
The president's limo just arrived! 
senior picnic woo! sitting on the bus waiting to leave 
@SAngelloLIVE by train? 
Waiting at train station, have a good day errbody 
@datgirlispoison Lol! I wanted to make y'all a pic, but he got off the train... It was a nice beige curdoroy too 
@kateblahblah lol. they do!  my classes start on the 8th so no Metro Station for me. :[[
is still on the wagon. 
@astyrrian It's a carpool... 
On bus now 
@lkoutzas I guess we are on the same train 
@yonaa I'm on bus now. He lives in that bus. Depends 
