Most common words for this cluster:
[('busy', 334), ('day', 102), ('today', 35), ('week', 30), ('time', 24), ('work', 23), ('tomorrow', 19), ('weekend', 13), ('days', 11), ('morning', 10), ('home', 10), ('way', 9)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Busy', 0.9860464334487915), (u'busy', 0.6705911159515381), (u'Busy_Busy', 0.6228581070899963), (u'Busiest', 0.5930006504058838), (u'Working_Overtime', 0.5635563731193542), (u'Hectic', 0.5561871528625488), (u'Keeps_Busy', 0.5401028990745544), (u'Divorce_Diaries', 0.5340665578842163), (u'Happy', 0.5326539278030396), (u'Bounced_Back', 0.5309764742851257)]





Busy, busy...me {Its is too cold} I don't want to go outside 
Busy week! Advising appt, dinner with new roomies, 2 tests, and tons of homework 
Busy day... going to the Doctor now... 
Busy day today... 
Busy day with my mum, she leaves for Arizona today 
Busy day gardening and planting seeds today  now to start with the work 
Going to bed but not tired  Busy day tomorrow.
@shimpi24 My dissertation is going on fine. Draft report to be submitted tomorrow. Busy with the same .. sulk sulk  
eating lunch at work, oh ye, ham and mayo sarnies! Busy for a sunday tho 
Busy already   FD wants to burn today, day job stuff to do &amp; chores I wanted to work on. Lets strip down to fightin' weight &amp; get it on!
@Fearnecotton Pic n mix still exists? :o I want! Might try n watch it this weekend if I get a chance ... Busy days! 
Busy morning so far. The rest of the day should be relaxing! I wish I were going to see Kenny Chesney! 
Busy with loads of work 
Busy day 2day mum + twin 60th bday get togther + guess who woke with bad throat? 
@alternatefinch Busy? Sorry ur so busy!! 
Busy working , i wish i had time to be here 
Busy day today; shopping for food; buying cleaning stuff; eating said food; using cleaning stuff. - oh yeah - and studying 
busy busy monday, classes til 6 
Busy day, just got home and heard about Yao  @jmsultan Haha the part with the picture frame is hilarious, Lonely Island is awesome
Bored now! Busy doing work for tomoro 
@epiphanygirl i am callin n itsbusy busy busy 
@epiphanygirl It's Busy!!! 
@ChasingDiana i have lost my appetite to read since one week ago. Busy schedule and this and that. 
Going home from math class. Hectic traffic 
@trevoryoung I wasn't   ...sadly.  Busy writing - deadline tomorro.w
is super busy! 
@MarkRussell no cardy required- well done me! Busy day for you- good work. I am delaying marking exam scripts 
Busy sunday ahead, problem is the weather out there isnt ha;f bad 
Busy day tomorrow......  made steak for eddie....rare sucks
Busy with Promotions all week ,really need time off 
Is waking up!!! Busy busy day!!!! Dr at 3:20 and picking up Megan from the airport at 4!!!! Trying to get rid of my stupid tummy ache 
Busy week - both at work and at home. I'm moving this weekend and haven't started packing yet 
@niamhsmith I was late  mischievous pixies kept me so. But feeling good now. Busy busy! What about you?
Busiest day/afternoon ever... went to hospital, a cafe, shopping, and home... and no i didn't make it to the hairdresser 
Stressed! Busy afternoon... and on a friday too 
needs to catch up on homework. Been slacking off. Ugh  Busy Busy Night...
Reading then going to sleep. Busy day tomorrow&lt;3 
Busy day tomorrow .. I just wish I could sleep tonight 
Busy.. Busy.. Busy.. :S Wont be on Ning for few days. 
Good morning tweeps. Busy this a.m. but not in a working way 
@pistol62 Is the Bee to Busy to talk to his buddy on Yahoo? 
@LegendaryWriter Good!! Busy as heck but good. Feeling yucky at the moment. 
Busy busy bee.....  I wish I didn't have 2 do laundry! Worst 
@angellr Busy but fantastic. Tried to unplug for a few days.   Thank you for the FF!!
Practicing for my music exam tomorrow. Busy busy week! Oh and I failed my driver's test 
@TerrenceJ106 it's busy and stay busy. 
Busy dealing with Flavia's dance workshop pics. No time for painting kitchen walls with anti-condensation paint - again! 
Busy,busy,busy! Getting ready for my hubbies grad/going away party 2nite. Promise to be good. By the way, didn't go to the gym yesterday 
Busy busy busy... No mothersday dinner tomorow, aunt sick, sad tilda..  Soon on my way to anna.. Need to get ready first.. gah
Busy day, I need to study a lot so probably not much live tonight  E3 next week!!!!
Busy re-rating ALL my songs 
Tired and giving plasma. Busy weekends suck 
busy busy busy!! I want to go play outside 
Busy week coming to an end...hope I get a new car next week. Also hope my Pep is better soon. 
argh... stitch up! Busy day 
Busy with schoolstuff.. trying to gratuade and not enjoying the good weather!! 
busy packing 
Busy weekend!!  Trying to get a few house projects done...big yard sale yesterday...yeah for decluttering..still a long way to go! 
Weekend gone, had to work the whole time  busy busy busy...
Not much of a weekend. Busy with the short course.  I want 2 days off, dang it!!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO. Yet another warehouse sales?! Busy busy busy. 
I miss my friends but I still don't know when to see them!! Aarrgghh. Busy. Busy. 
Busy busy morning. Invigilating, collected curtain, carpet, paint samples, vets. Now time for a nap. Oh and I still have toothache 
busy with casting...and its chilly 
Busy at work 
Busy, busy, busy at work. The weekend is only four days a way. SIGH. 
Busy, busy, busy at work. The weekend is only four days away. SIGH. 
@BenPobjoy Sorry i missed yuh in M dot.  Busy shoot days.  I will be back soon enough!  p.s. i lost your phone number 
Busy day. I'm so exhausted and really want to take a nap but no time 
@WonderboyLB no babes. Gotta unpack or it will never happen. Busy week here with lakers in playoffs. 
Busy bee :p,brb twitter missing u allready 
Ok, finally put away my &quot;sally's spa&quot; app and I'm hitting the bed. Wish I wasn't having such a hard time sleeping. Busy day 2morrow 
Busy day @ work 
Busy day 
Busy with fixing bugs 
Busy day ahead! 
Busy morning all round. Looks like I'll have to visit Maidenhead town centre for my lunch as sandwich people have stopped coming 
Busy day in work  lots to do!
Busy summer coming up... Shit. I'm already busy enough. I miss you guys 
Busy doin homework. Got nothing exciting to tell you guys... kinda boring huh... What am I gonna do this weekend -&gt; Home alone... 
Busy day today! Took a dose of excedrin to fight this darn migraine  Hope it kicks in soon!
@postalguarelas Thks, keeping well. Busy rearranging work space 2 make more conducive 2 productivity, but tiny space lots of stuff  &amp; You?
Last day @ Steel!    Rafiqui's gyros for lunch--best in NYC.  Busy afternoon planned on this dreary day.
Busy weekend ahead. Packing for Yosemite and trying to catch up at work  Woo-hoo!!!!!
@Busy_lizzi what's wrong? 
Busy weekend ahead, kinda bummed I didn't get to see ya 
Busy day today. I don't like it, I just wanna relax and rest 
Busy morning at work 
Busy Busy Busy... I'll tell you that much. Now off to a day of work 
Resting up. Busy day tomorrow 
Busy drafting new styles, gutted to see a local label traced my dress and produced it as their own  could kick their shop window in grr
is getting ready to go to work... gah   Busy day!
Hurt arm yest, hence cudnt go to yoga class today!  ... Instead cycled 8.2 miles. Busy day ahead.. 1 budday party 2 attend +
Busy ran away  But on the plus side, I have a new chihuahua named Isabella 
Busy night...  I won't be home till 7... I guess I'm pulling an all nighter... again...
Busy ass day.  No time for sandia... 
@Liteskinpoppin naaa not yet... Lol u been super busy for me ..  
@shoRtBlaCKbOy Busy trying to catch up with my research setbacks 
Busy week ahead, but have scheduled a day of 'home maintenance'- standing in queues in Asda, weed pulling &amp; hoovering beckon 
Busy day today - lots going on; car trouble, for one  
Busy with some artwork!  Deadline 13:00 
Spoke too soon  Busy time. x
Just woke up to see the SUN !!! where did that come from !? Busy day ahead though 
Busy day... Classes till 12 then practice @ 1-3 then study time 
Busy busy workday, not what I was hoping for 
Busy monday 
Busy weekend. Barely tweeted at all.   I wish I could afford a Blackberry, LOL!
Whoa. Busy monday!!!!  limited tweets!!
Running errands, crazy, busy, hectic pace... Stomachache ugh 
Done for the day. Busy day tomorrow filling orders, fixing a friends mistakes  and working on some special orders. Woot! G'nite!
Home. Quick shower,then bed. Busy day tomorrow. Wake up call at 6 
Spoke too soon  Busy time. x
Busy Busy Busy...has been the theme of the day..juggling many balls with two hands makes me tired till 6...have another meeting at 9PM 
Rough nite to sleep last nite. Feels like I didn't get n e at all. Busy day today 
@freyasbower Busy. Have book to edit, my book to edit, cover to finish, editors/authors to chase, and books to evaluate. 
@elishacuthbert Busy day for me today! Will I ever get out of this 12-hr job schedule every day? 
@ImSoLastSummer surething ... I had it in my bag today, just forgot all about it ... Busy day 
I really don't know what to do... I tired, I need to take some rest, but it's impossible. Busy week 
Busy looking for a J-O-B!!! I miss Waco  Never thought I'd say that but... I can't wait to come home again!
great night at the tennis club, after the commute. Busy day today at the mag- lots of spread-sheeting! way past bedtime tho- 5am rise  
Off to rest. I will be keeping busy the next 7 days doing everything you can think of.  Busy 09 season and family.
is sick  and has too many meetings today...busy busy busy!!
busy doing this!and doing that!! wooohh!! 
@StephHendriks Busy finishing up some contracts, got more work than I need to do! Home early is never an option for me 
Busy with my reflection document, kinda boring. 
hey guys! haven't been opening my twitter for a while... Busy in school 
Spoke too soon  Busy time. x
Busy day ahead. Meetings and budget forecasting. 
Busy day ahead today 
@jesslaw Busy, but going really, really well. BTW, I didn't get to your e-mail on the plane b/c my stupid battery died. 
Busy ysterday cleaning R new house.....pressure washing.....building door frames....getting evrythng ready 2 move....2day is a skool day 
Making trip to the bay area this wknd to visit husbands gparents. This means I need to get on doing my laundry earlier, boo. Busy week 
Busy busy! Meeting suppliers,manufacturers and sourcing!! To top it off, what a great weather to work. 
Ahhh... I figure this 3.0 update is going to be hit or miss. Busy servers make me sad. 
@DrewDouglass been pretty slow lately  just been real, real busy as well!
Off to bed. Busy day tomorrow. Good-bye breakfast for one of my favorite clients-moving to AZ for retirement 
Spoke too soon  Busy time. x
Busy day 2moro. I can never just sleep in...     
Busy day today! I have to get up at eleven.  i'm used to sleeping til at least 2! Lol
Busy n busy , also tired 
Morning tweeple. Busy day ahead 
busy busy running around  And have to teach a new coworker
Busy morning and i haven't even had time for lunch yet! 
Busy at work and not really following the game 
im working..... busy busy! @missmarlyn i love jamba! 
Spoke too soon  Busy time. x
Busy DAY!!! Now time to make Dinner and put kids to bed! I need to wok on my app. for fall classes 
Busy busy busy beee  clean my rooom now, what?
@maxcarver  i'm sorry.  Busy day?
I am home from inventory. Going to bed, lunch with Devin, stop by the apartment for theadt time   then off to work. Busy day.
Mornin' all. Busy day today, off to take the dog to the vets. 
Yay, got documentation! w00t! done knowing it though  Busy thinking of BF2 and strategy for map I lost 2 times last night as commmander...
Busy with Papers n Numbers,... Perfect way to spend my weekend 
Good morning my loves! Busy day of work, calls and time with the booger...all lazily and sick from my bed  TY all for your well wishes!
Spoke too soon  Busy time. x
Busy night so far. No visits from #BTUB tweeps though 
Busy day, haven't had much time to do anything, tweets are short and not often today 
It's a gorgeous day in paradise!  Busy work morning and heading out to a memorial for a friend then back to work. 
Busy busy day, but have gotten a lot done but just wanna b home  just had lunch w/ an old friend, she looked so good, so glad 2 c her!
@isalopez17 hello hello ... Busy busy all the time 
EXAM WEEK! :| Hectic!? 
Busy day today. Worked in the yard, did some major room cleaning and some cleaning in other rooms. We have so much junk accumulated 
Spoke too soon  Busy time. x
@KhloeKardashian everytime I call its busy 
Busy day today but a very good day. Only today and tomorrow left till I need to stat working 
Busy in Office 
Havent been twittering for the past few days..Busy with school. After just one week of it, i suddenly wished it was vacay again 
#uns1 also really sorry to have missed #becta session   busy busy busy
Busy moving today, Wishing we had more $$$ to fix up the house 
Morning! Busy day ahead.  have not been able to catch up on my JG's epic times. Laters
Spent part ofthe morning helping a grind move. Now taking care of dex, mowing the lawn and then a wedding. Busy busy day. Moped will wait 
Busy night. Left no energy to read. 
Busy day today twitter-ettes 
Busy day, driving all over the Creation.  
Wedding is over. Was fun. Busy day 2morow grading finals test 
@theDebbyRyan im trying to call you,but it keeps staying busy 
@itsonitsgone no film festing for me  Finishing up at school and preparing for Fringe - assistant directing a show and reviewing.  Busy.
Busy week starts tomorrow  Can't wait for the semester break and Christmas break and of course -- summer 2010 ;)
Busy week ahead. 
@jennywittman yes we will watch...pick a night for talking mooseheads and will do it. Busy tonight 
Just up in Indy. Heading back to Miami.   Busy Week next week..
Sitting at WayFM volunteering woohoo... Going to the doctor  and then to work later... I am busy busy busy!
Napped and missed the gym! Busy day, bed early! Class tomorrow 
Busy busy busy ppm fpm initial telecon...pms pula  http://myloc.me/5y5s
@Reema226: Long, sweaty &amp; tiring!  Busy like hell ofcourse!
Virpi's last day.  Busy as tits.
Now time is more than 6pm... But still in office..... Hectic life........... 
Hi everyone.Busy day working ,out again tonight so catch up later.Funeral to go to tomorrow 
Busy busy day! Bathroom is progressing well though 
Busy day already  Looking like it's nice outside too!
Got 12 hours of sleep! Busy day today 
Busy day tomorrow of non-stop wedding bonanza and eats! 
On my way to the shop  Busy day ahead.
@Nuff55 Busy day with family today but hope to be around later in the evening 
@JamieLynnMB i can so understand how your busy 
Laughing at some silly asses. Hehehe.  Busy busy busy busy!
@michaelgrainger Busy trying to catch up after a break down south for Easter! 
Morning Tweeples  Busy day today, plus more probability distribution analysis tonite, obsession, you betchya lol 
I am forcing myself to sleep. Busy day tomorrow 
@mayaREguru Busy is also a relative term. &quot;Busy as compared to the norm.&quot; &quot;Busy for a Monday&quot; 
*doing busy* 
20mins on the Bowflex now bfast and tv then listening to my lectures before I head to work! Busy bee 
busy with my new HPmini 
Busy day interviewing all day - have a fun day all 
Busy preparing myself for an awesome coaching session. I'm so excited! 
Busy busy day! Shopping then dinner with chris  Happy anniversary!!
Busy weekend, as usual!  
Busy day today...Now i'm free...like a butterfly! 
busy again today, but it's a good busy 
Busy busy busy today... Alot to do and not alot of time to do it... Call and text me to keep me company... 
Spinning, &quot;Step&quot;daughter visit, Brother's birthday shindig. Busy day today  I'm out...
Busy sorting through my teas. Think I may have a bit of a problem!   http://twitpic.com/4hkvz
Busy week-end  not much time to tweet...have a great sunday  for me it's family day 
@Busy_lil_bee I know right... It came so fast... Tears... hahaha. I gotta get your address so I can write you.  &amp; share secrets ahahah
@judysteapot yup - working away hard! Busy busy busy 
@FatDaddySweets YAY! Busy is good 
Busy week this week; quick trip to chase some oil and gas in htown and then back to office for fun week with the devel team 
is getting baptized tomorrow  and is a college graduate.  Busy weekend!
@TheUnclean Thanks. Busy as fuck is good in my book.  
is going to relax on a terrace, then chillout at Radio queertunes, then QT dance  Busy busy busy with relaxing ;-)
Busy working on school projects, finally have a good idea on stuff 
Busy being happy hardcore shopping. 
Busy day. car went 9.64 at 144 mph. chris= very happy.  
Can't believe it's passed midnight...time for bed!  Busy week ahead! Nite Tweeps! 
Busy day tomorrow. All busyness AM, work &amp; play late. 
Goodmorning everybody!  Busy day today
Good eve twitter!!! Busy day today.. haha.. Playing ikariam again.. 
@CoverFX I'm doing well! busy busy, but well! 
@ChrisCade A few more weeks of highschool! Nervous! Excited! Busy! But life couldn't be any better! 
Busy uploading New &amp; more pretty outfits for next pre-order! Hope to get it done soon but TOO MANY! 
Busy Topshopping. I feel complete 
Good morning friends!  I'm enjoying a cup of coffee and listening to the birds singing.  Busy day ahead, it's a surprise so I can't say 
Busy/Fun weekend  Now a busy work week before Aventura...but first BED!!!!
Busy day at work. Kim and wade came all the way down to see me. Off to badlands with my gays! 
Busy, busy, busy catching up with the weekend! Also, is it wrong that I thought Eurovision was great? 'This is my moment' 
@HumpNinja Busy day I see 
@piaguanio wow. Busy day. Whats like bein u? 
Morning! Busy day planned! Pls help me spread the word about all our events-I'll be posting info about them throughout the day. 
Rightio!!  Busy week ahead - Cousin bringing her baby to meet me - down from Scotland- so we are excited about that - Lots of cuddles  -
@chuckdarw1n Marrs Bar this week (hopefully) too, Ty? Busy week eh? 
Busy with our merchandise. The shirts are going to look great!! You can buy them soon at www.lemoncurd.nl 
Hi, thanks to everyone who's following!  Busy here today-just got a load of Fair Trade stuff delivered; whooop! ;-D
@Jamie_127 I know. Busy weekend,sorry my love. I WANTED to get online yesterday but it just didn't happen. I'm here now,though  xoxoxoxoxo
@ChesterBe Hectic dude I know but think about the nice ass you going to have. 
Off to #Darlington to work 1-2-1 with someone who wants to develop his persuasive presentation skills for an upcoming talk.Busy day ahead 
I'm back in the web 2.0 land again  Busy couple of days and very promising as well!!! Things looking very bright indeed 
Busy with transcription today  www.greenearthvirtualassistance.com
Working at the moment........................Busy busy busy. 
Busy. Busy. Busy. Exams starting tomorrow.  http://plurk.com/p/vg9j7
@neimotheband busy like a buzzing bee - just how I like it. can't wait to hear what it sounds like! 
http://twitpic.com/5op6o - Found this and loved it!  Busy, busy, busy 
Busy busy - this is me just on. Thank you new followers - will do my FFs once I've had coffee. Thanks to those who have suggested me too 
Busy weekend ahead after I leave work!   E-mail, text or call me to get ahold of me!  
Morning everyone back to bed for me was up toooo late last night to be up this early! Busy day! I'll be on later! Congrats Jenny 
Busy weekend of photo shoots!!!! 
meeting, then getting ready for this weekend  busy busy busy!!
Physics quiz, teaching at Farb middle, mtg at the studio, back to school, cookies rehearsal... Busy busy 
Busy busy busy, tdc in reverside,church school finals whooo' what a week  well were in a new one but just thought id share GOD is love ...
Busy, busy, busy week. I'm excited. 
Busy week - two days stand before me and an airplane to the Homelands.  IF I can make it that long! 
Good nite wonderful tweeps.  Busy day 2morrow but I'll catch up with u when I can. Thx for all the gr8 resources today 
