Most common words for this cluster:
[('ca', 738), ('day', 77), ('work', 58), ('time', 57), ('today', 53), ('night', 45), ('tomorrow', 45), ('quot', 35), ('home', 35), ('week', 34), ('school', 30), ('days', 28)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Ca', 0.9999033212661743), (u'Pacheck_Huntington_Beach', 0.6398664116859436), (u'CA', 0.591569185256958), (u'Californie', 0.5187462568283081), (u'Calif.', 0.5172942280769348), (u'Ca.', 0.5110507011413574), (u'Cal.', 0.5108477473258972), (u'hville', 0.4978119134902954), (u'###-###-####_www.rei.com', 0.4969196617603302), (u'en_Californie', 0.4951860308647156)]





@grum WAH I can't see clip, must be el-stupido work filters. Can't wait 'till I get a 'puter. Something else 2 blame ex 4. He broke mine 
Trying to find a tech job. Can't find any entry level jobs any were.  Also just about every job site has more spam now then jobs.
Can't sleep and brother is at home with girlfriend and baby so i can't sleep in his room any more 
@jetshun4 persons who read my twitter can't catch up for another week.  Can't talk about it here.  But yeah, saaaaad.  
Can't sleep  I close my eyes and all  I see is work and a billion ideas moving in all directions.
Has just finished work for the dae and is now typing this @ the internet kiosk in centralworld. Can't wait to go home on wed 
Getting my new bed today!! Yay!  Can't wait to sleep level again.  Just gotta move a bunch of stuff out of the way of the delivery guys 
@kdfw the girl in the suitcase story is just messed up..  Can't imagine anyone doing something like that...  
Can't get onto my computer gotta wait for slow ass IT to get up here 
my phone and fb are going crazy with all the b'day wishes.. Can't believe I'm a year older... 
Can't escape house spoilers even on the warcraft forums  damn you internet.
Can't believe i'm stuck working on such a lovely day. Off tomorrow so can bet its gonna rain 
@CharlesEllison AH!  Can't comment on anybodies hair as I have a mop that has a life of its own 
Can't I just say something without people thinking it's against somebody else? 
http://twitpic.com/3ky05 - I miss my boy! He got outside and some dogs chased him off. Can't find him 
7:59... Can't believe i'm awake on a sunday... It's earlier than during the week. And i'm even tweeting... pff 
Morning everyone! Can't believe it's the last day of my holiday - back to the grindstone tomorrow. 
@thepointneedle No matter how many times the cops are called over, these frat drunks keep making so much noise  Can't wait til I move out!
Is excited to see the fam after work!!! Can't wait it's been a while but sad my little bro has gone away for a week with the school 
@stevejonestoday who look like kids? Can't see source of you reply 
Not having a good day so far. Can't wait to go back to uni and escape my parents 
Just up, going to cram in loads of revision tonight for tomorrows test! Can't believe first year is nearly over 
Just got kicked out of my house so tile can be finished.  Can't wait for life to be back to normal. 
Can't believe spring break is coming to an end 
turned off the lights and my mind went crazy contemplative. Can't sleep. I have too many profound issues to ponder 
really doesn't want to go to work  Can't I just bum around at home for a bit longer?
Can't stop thinking of him... and at this point I don't dont think it's a good thing 
Can't believe i only have $9 credit left ! No calling anyone for the next 5 days.. 
Can't sleep, clowns will eat me, and way to much on my mind. 
What a lovely way to wake up...screaming fucking match!! college in a couple of hours the joys. Heads thumping. Can't talk! 
@polygnome I've tagged you for an award! Can't comment on your blog because my pc doesn't like pop up comment boxes 
@zinedistro Just joined your group. Can't add a group to the madeit fan page!  I'm loving the new fan pages!!
Can't sleep  i'll pay for it big time tomorrow!
Just saw the movie wolvarine, I deff enjoyed it &amp; suggest everyone to go see it! Can't sleep  ahh..
just finished my day lesson in japanese. Can't seems to get the hang on the writing though 
@ChesneyHawkes Any plans for an edinburgh gig?  Can't make glasgow tonight 
Test on monday...  Can't wait till summer!
Is fed up with the bully at work. I couldn't stop crying last night. Can't believe she does it in front of patients 
Can't believe it's such a nice day and I have to work a 1-10  hopefully nobody wants to sit in the dark on day like this!!
Currently finding dan deacon summerier than the shins. Can't listen to math the band cause it reminds me how much I miss @johnnydurham19 
I wonder where's my voice. Can't even open my mouth to speak.. Ouch!  - http://tweet.sg
Can't count the number of times I've had an idea that someone else goes through with 
@jordanknight hey, what happened to you pic?  Can't see your smiling face anymore.
Can't get into pure for the after party cause my dumbass forgot dress shoes 
Can't sleep i got him on my mind i miss him hopefully we can work it out .luv and miss shane 
So stressed out about finals next week!    Can't believe I have to smoke to calm my nerves.
On the set again wit the crew! Can't believe I have to work today  shooting the very last scenes!
Getting off at the next stop. This has been the train ride from hell. Can't believe I have to go to work now... 
Can't believe i've got a kidney infection and can't take any bloody painkillers cos im 11 weeks pregnant 
Can't find friends and can't put a pic on from my I-touch--- not a good first impression from twitter 
Just got done with a very fun, very long game night! Can't wait to have a real job so I don't have to work on the weekends, like tomorrow 
@Lates Yes I have  Going to miss it. Can't go out on the piss for many weeks now, bloody exams 
Can't remember my myspace login email address or password! 
Can't make calls or send texts  not a good start to the week.
At J's house atm... Can't get on internet so I'm texting this in...  oh well.
@ohanne *hugs* Can't believe how windy it's been today  What time d'you finish work?
http://twitpic.com/4hit0 - Can't believe my baby girl is old enough to go to a junior prom 
Waking up to my 16th birthday. I'll officially be 16 @ 10.45am... Can't wait *rolls eyes* 
@kira902k I miss you too!! How's the musical going? I wish i could come and see it!!  things didn't work out. Can't wait to see you! xox
Can't believe I forgot to bring my cup. no tea for me today at work 
Almost 2am, school today at 6 and I'm stll awake. Can't sleep, don't know why  Ughhhh, it real sucks
Can't sleep  problems with high school insomnia these days...
Can't sleep. So excited about all the places I'm going this week but I wish my hubby was coming too! 
Drinking sweet tea, watching gossip girl. Can't sleep. 
getting in school- is a lot harder than i though  Can't wait to start school
@xxandip Can't believe its nearlly over  i dont no what im going to do with your upadtes! kept me sane through uni exam time! good luck! x
Going bloody insane listening to the buzz from the sky box. Can't get it to stop arh!! 
Can't believe it's 3:45 already :O where has my day gone :O oh, right, yeah, revision 
@PumaOceanRacing you win some, you lose some. Anyhw we had a great time again @ fan pier this pm. Can't imagine that it's over in 1 week 
*rats* my tele lens is too heavy for the tripod, the camera will &quot;fall forward&quot;. Can't take a good close-up photo of the moon 
I'm horrible! Mothers day completely crept up on me and I forgot to order flowers.  Can't have any delivered till monday now 
Can't figure out my own thoughts, feelings, nor my view of life anymore! I really hate when the heart and brain can't agree on anything 
Can't sleep  happy mothers day!!! I LOVE my mom 
OK so it 2:37am on mother's day and i am on set   i miss my kids and my husband! Can't wait til monday.
Can't believe monday tomorrow and back at work  total pants and I'm getting a cold  oh well holiday was great! 11 weeks until the next!
Oewwwwwww  I've survived my whole life without pub golf, ale or &quot;chicken cottage&quot; ... Why did I go ruin that? In one night? Can't move
is freezing cold and stuck in revising criminological theory  Can't wait untill wednesday!
Can't set WDS on my routers  does anyone know anything about that?
watching Brothers &amp; Sisters!! Can't believe is the season finale 
I hate, hate, hate my phobia. Can't sleep, gonna have bee nightmares. 
Can't sleep  maybe i'll study a bit more for my exam that's in 6 hours.
Can't find a copy of latest phone bill at home.. Seems my broadband connection gonna be postpone by another day 
is not the best night  and Can't wait for a brand new day!
Success in the getting dressed department. Can't eat brekkie as not used to being up so early but I am hungry 
@edkaye Can't wait! I think I'll watch it friday, probably. This being the season finale the number of episodes are reduced yet again 
@JemDevenish oh that sucks.  Can't you miss one night of pilates??? x
Can't sleep cuz my stomach hurts! 
I think something is draining my iPhone battery. Can't figure out what though 
Packing up all my stuff and getting ready for the parental visit and graduation. Can't believe it's almost over 
Does anybody have any idea what time joyce'll be here? Can't text her because my phone is stupid 
Can't sleep. :/ I feel wide awake and alert. I swear I haven't touched a drop of coffee  in 12 hours. Going to feel like crap by morning 
is still tired after a food-poisoning yesterday  Can't eat anything  #fb
Can't believe one day of the long weekend is done.  Why do long weekends seem shorter than normal ones? LOL
@nobes_87 it's a bit of trouble... Can't get it to change my tv input like it is meant to 
@lev_cinema Can't make it on the 24/05 - you can give mine to someone else... sorry... this is the 2nd time it happens to me  
Can't believe I have to fly home tomorrow  . I come here all the time, but I miss this place so much when I'm home. 
Can't seem to wake up but need to; gotta leave to see grandma at 10am - a tough trip since any visit to see her might be the last one 
Can't go to the gym today  but doing step aerobics instead at home. lol. so fun!
Can't sleep... I have so much going on right now... I can't believe that I have lost everything in 6 weeks 
@LBBChat let's go blue jays! Who's pitching for jays? I see it is 4-2? Can't belive I'm gunna miss the mets game 
b ate it and has a huge bump on his cheek. Can't tell if it's just a scrap or a bruise. Doesn't look good though 
trying to understand why i can only send messages to people who use twitter attached to twinkle..  Can't send to people just on twinkle.
@rjbaig 3 weeks! Eeeeek   Can't wait till commencement.. but I dont want it to end 
Can't present on my mac today because the mini-dvi to vga is missing - as usual 
Haha, I love twitter! Can't believe mine got hacked  can't wait for Italy, gonna be immense -D x
Everyone enjoy LondonSEO later http://londonseo.org/ I Can't make again 
Can't stop  this isn't fair, just when i think i'm done i start up again. Why cant you be the the last thing on my mind?
So tired and so hungry. I hate getting lab work done, especially when it requires me to not eat before  Can't .. http://tinyurl.com/qucxy3
Can't get awake, and there's a couple of blue jays outside this window screaming their fucking guts out  it's too early for this shit ((
Arrrrrrrgh! Can't log into time card system.  this sucks.
my yard outside my window is flooded. I  have my plants outside to conserve watering. Can't open sliding door b/c of dog. 
@mooncrazed At first I read &quot;Can't wait to buy a girl!&quot; and was very confused. Also, They just said we can't have grills at my apartment 
@opensrcsociety Can't do this weekend -- will be down the mountain and working at 7 in the bloody a.m. 
bein emotional n cryini with jess tlking about her twat! Can't wait till we look the same n I'm super skiny n evry1 thnks I'm pretty 2!  y
@jackosborne yeah, i think i'll wait. Can't really find much info on new features in the 3rd gen tho 
Can't believe justin still isn't home from work  he was suppose to be home 3 hours ago 
The left side of my face is still numb. Can't talk, drink, eat, smile and my ear/lip hurts  I'm just gonna sit here until it gets better.
Can't believe the weekend is here already. Where is the time going 
Struggling with my forward job plan - EDRMS bit is either one line or 3 and a half pages! Can't seem to get anywhere in the middle 
Can't believe I'm going to miss the whole f'ing holiday weekend due to this stupid assignment, especially when the weather is beautiful 
@dzhimbo Can't find camera charger &amp; phone camera is crap 
Can't keep my eyes open while getting my hair colored  shit I need to slllleeeeeeeeeeeeeeep!
*sobs* Can't get ipod today, laybuy it is until next week 
...driving home from rehearsal in my &quot;new&quot; car! I love it! Can't get the photo to send. 
After work naps = bad idea. Can't sleep now. 
Can't stop crying after saying good bye to my law school ladies....argh, I think I'm broken! 
Can't fix the stupid profile picture  so I'm gonna go sleeping for a few hours ^^ l8er
Can't fall asleep and gotta wake up at 6. This blows  why the hell did I take a summer class?.. A hard one for that matter..
Working on something very interesting. Can't tell ya much, otherwise will lose competitive advantage  #Business #Marketing
At my parent's house (in MI) to see my brother's graduation.  Can't tweet from phone, so updates may be few and far between...  
Ugh why didn't I get my physical earlier  I didn't get a jersey today  at least I got my cleats tho.. Can't wait to play football.
@30SECONDSTOMARS ::waiting for the competitiion:: heh, guys the last few Kytemovies have no sound.  Can't wait to hear new music! xxx
Can't get her to hold down her medicine.  I always worry when that happens.  I'm so tired. It's going to be a long night.
Can't seem to sleep tonight... Its 3:38am, I need to get up in less than 4 hours... 
Can't I just be a stay at home mom already 
@meinj Can't do tonight - could kill a pint though. Another day... 
Can't even tell you how much this hair dresser is pissssssing me off she has no clue wtf I'm asking her to do..so I'm expecting the worst 
Can't believe how gorgeous the weather has been today &amp; I've had to spend it at work! 
Can't believe i'm spending my lunch break inside @ my desk 
...just waiting to get picked up at the train station by my bro and then off to the gym. Can't believe I bumped someone last night 
Oops - correction, it's @nowheremonastry.  Can't seem to spell worth a darn today... 
listening to music!! my phone just died on me  !! Can't find my charger... my brother needs 2 stop taking mine without asking!!
She is beautiful @webduck. But don't feel badly. Some neaby grans see grandkids about the same amt.   Can't go to them = out of luck
@nathanblevins  Maybe next time. Can't be away this weekend as much as I'd like to jump in the car and go. ::pout::
Can't stop coughing, feel like I might have bronchitis again, no fun 
Can't think of anything less attractive than work right now, there's so much on my mind. 
Can't find my gossip girl cd 
So annoyed right now. Can't sleep, can't get comfy and I have to be up very early. I welcome suggestions, but please don't say warm milk 
Can't sleep, should of been in someone else bed tonight 
Can't believe it's 24 degrees and I'm stuck in work. Workig or next 4 days and guarantee it'll be raining when I have my week off... 
watchin' tv.. Can't sleep  .. DEF. needs to get out today...
gonna cry if my pen nib does not last until I get new ones in the mail.  Can't order them until the 3rd.  
@JaytotheJay Can't I have house guests.  Some day.
8 hours of sleep last night yay!! Can't wait to party tonight!! damn no ears and tails with the outfit i wanted  no purry furry tonight
Can't believe I have to wait another 6 months for my phone contract to end! I'm bored now!!! The 12 month contract would have run out!!! 
Can't sleep  shall we induce sleep again tonight? Or stare aimlessly at the darkness?
Yes, want to.... Can't have plans tonight.      Another time!  How R U?
@retrorewind Is something broken?  Can't get any tunes.   I'll try again in a lil bit!
Can't seem to change my twitter background....  or my pic.  hmmm... it says changed, but nothing happens.
@YoungQ love ur smile! Can't watch the 1st one  . &quot;Not available on mobile&quot;
Can't sleep cos of the amount of noise in the street tonight, just glad my boys room is in the back of the house not the front 
@Albinha26 out shopping.. Can't find a decent pair of trainer shorts  sup wid u?
@lostgirl66 - I'm thrilled my 4 boys are all really close - so important, I think.  Can't actually remember the last time I saw my sister 
Transfering all of my apps &amp; music to the mbp. Can't use either computer for another 1.5 hours. 
Can't sleep...again...too much rattling around in my head. I'm so sad that it's almost time to leave Italy  I would so live here if all of
Can't find my video camera I can not do more videos without a video camera 
Can't believe no one out there has any technical experience they can share about Activboards (esp. about calibration) 
Ouchies. My feet hellalalalalalalalalala hurt  soaking them in water. Can't wait until tomorrow! But I know I'm gna miss vegas fosholy 424
Only works and sleeps. And works and sleeps some more. Can't wait to not be sick anymore. This is miserable  
Can't wait till I finally graduate college! But a still have a while to go 
Can't wait till I finally graduate from college! But I still have a while to go 
Can't see a damn thing. 
Can't sleep cus of my loud brother and his friends 
Everyone I know is asleep.  Can't chat anyone to tell them how excited I am to come home.
Can't go to the beach cause it's raining  add me on my official myspace http://myspace.com/jeremstar
Can't wait for summer to begin,I'm such a mess these days 
Wish I had drunk myself into next year last night. Then at least I'd have a reason to feel soooo unwell.. Can't get out of bed. 
boooooooo. our internet connection is very slow today. Can't watch a movie. 
No internets  just have to depend on phone for now... Can't help watching my downloads go down the drain...
Can't believe that mandy musgrave is only about 20 mins away from my house at the moment and I can't meet her 
Another unproductive day has come and gone... I blame the salmon sashimi. Can't think now. 
wtf, thanks for the 6am phonecall @sophana, you fooken wanker!  Can't get back to sleep 
Can't sleep, suppose u get that when u have a 2 hour afternoon nap!!! 
Can't see the sun from the computer room  but work needs to be done!
A coworker invited me to her church today. I told her I was coming, had my clothes out and everything. Can't believe I overslept. 
I don't want work experence, nor do I want school. Can't I just stay in the garden for 2 weeks? 
Can't believe I layed here for 2+hrs wit my eyes close &amp; couldnt sleep.  but, I must hit the stores on my quest 2 make miami love/hate me
Can't...feel...fingers...too many burns from the waffle iron 
Can't believe I left high school a year ago.. miss it 
Can't shake the fact that I am off of school in four days, and I am Failing one class!!! Ahhh please let me ace the finals!!! 
Can't wait to go to the gym tmrw  I feel grosse can't drink either no drinking!!
Can't believe I have to go back to work tomorrow, after one week's holiday 
Can't hear the radio over the damn air conditioner.  
Has a rotten cold. Can't breathe out my nose at all!  had a fun day of mini golf though x
Can't figure out how to make form options that you select show after you submit the form... 
Can't wait to open a swiss bank account, I hate having to worry about being assassinated and having my money stolen  #spymaster
Can't believe I've got to get up early tomorrow and go back to work  Why can't I get that big win on the lottery!
@taylorswift13 Can't wait for it cause i can't go to the concert. One concert a summer.You and demi are in the area when i at camp 
@Feduniw Can't. I have book club tonight 
Can't wait for friday double music double art and textiles but then pe  that ruines the day
I really don't want to go to school tomorrow. Can't believe it's the enfof half term already 
@lucinda7770 sprinklers for your 30something spruce trees? What a yard! Can't wait to see; although not sure when 
Really need to get out of my house. :| Can't even go to school tomorrow. 
@dannysullivan would you repost the link to your vid response ? Can't find the tweet 
Can't wait till the season finally of the hills! 
Watching 20/20 report on gun violence. Can't believe that every 3rd home in the country owns one. How dangerous and scary!! 
Can't sleep and its 2:56 am ughhh!!! A lot on my mind 
Can't sleep and am thinking about wayyy too many things wayyy too hard.  They are all running around my mind and won't stop 
Can't believe they wrote my car off, so cranky-sad-upset right now  now I need to save 4 a new car..., I loved my car :'(
Oh my gosh! Can't believe the traffic heading in the airport   direction! 
Ahhh crazy lightning! Can't sleep.  my ears really hurt feel like crying.
not to moan about the weather, coz the sunshine is fab, but if only my bedroom was cooler at night. Can't sleep in the heat. 
Can't believe my reader of the week only got 6 comments. That's terrible!  http://bit.ly/PdwfH
is going to miss choir! Can't believe theres only 9 days of school! Where has the time gone?!? I am NOT looking forward to next year!!!! 
hates braces! Can't eat well.  http://plurk.com/p/xm8rw
Can't get BBciplayer working It wont let me watch anything I want to watch it just keeps saying try again l8r  Its not fair humph lol 
Can't get the damn google desktop gadget for google reader to work 
@mels6320 because another 3 day weekend would be just awesome... Can't overdo the awesome now... 
@Lermontovv Can't think of anything worse, possible electrical fire on board, with nowhere to go but ocean... 
Can't believe I have to work 5 days this week. 
Also, there is this epic concert the day after my birthday. Can't go because no buses/trains home and I can't go 3 days without ANY sleep 
Can't wait to get it back. I miss it so much. It's awful being stuck for a MONTH with a shitty car. 
It's still hot!  Can't stand the weather in this country, it would be fine if it stayed hot. But we'll more likely have weeks of rain soon
Can't believe i just gotta sit here   i miss work 
So the doctor said I have a sprained ankle and my tendon is messed up! Can't go to work!  Really didn't want to take the time off..
feeling so poorly   Can't believe I have a crappy cold when the weathers gorgeous!
Struggling with the depression a bit today. Can't let go of lots of negative things in my life right now 
Making labels, how fun!  Can't figure out how to get my picture changed.  Or I just don't have time to bother haha!
@SAM4RA 5 days!!! Can't I have longer my birthday is in 14 days 
;Revisionz in school and now moar revisions at home  hope my mum gets that 19' display if she can! Can't wait till tomorrows over.
I have lost my keys. Can't go anywhere and I've got a bunch of things to do today. Pretty sure they are at kyle's parents. 
Todays one of those days.. Can't keep any food down and nauscious as can be. 
@AceyBongos I can't even get any video.  This sucks. Can't get a decent stream anywhere.
Today i had a really sad day! Can't wait to get home. 
i'm soo upset bout my bass drum its broken nd nw i can't play on my drum kit  . Can't wait till thursday, goin royal cornwall show, WOOPx
I'm not ready to go back 2 skl 2moro. Can't believe half-term's over already  English exam 2moro...  wish me luck!! xx
Never heard back from her.  Can't wait til I can chat with her again. This twittering thing sucks sometimes. I love her and miss her. 
Any one have huge plans for the night? Can't really say I do. Probably just a relaxing night, but w/o sports. 
@stevebitanga I'll try to come out, man. Can't really walk at the moment, sir 
Computer's rebooting itself a lot lately. It's about 6 years old with little upgrades keeping it functional. Can't afford new one though. 
Can't sleep, the mother is sleeping in the lounge so I can't go to the kitchen to get something to feed my hunger without waking her 
Can't sleep  and I need to be awake at 9:30am for a phone call...
Still looking for my flight to united states on june 26th. Can't find the best airlines yet. I want korean arlines! 
Can't sleep   I'm thinking about way too much. Lalala I need sleep or else I'm going tovgo crazzy oh wait I think I'm all ready there. 8/
Can't pull an all nighter.  sleepy time
Maths was hard, harder than I thought it would be  Can't believe that I made a lot of silly mistakes :'( Aahgad, kill me!
Laying in the bed because I just found out I've got to be up at 6am, yuck! Can't sleep though, bc of my nap earlier 
Can't find any shoes to go with lily's baptism dress  apparently I am not searching for in season shoes.
Writing more poems. Can't sleep worth a damn with the thunder 
Can't believe an airliner has gone missing http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/8078147.stm accidents happen 
Can't believe an airliner has gone missing over the atlantic http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/8078147.stm accidents happen 
Can't sleep, summer school in the morning 
Can't get any network at work.  makes it impossible to get anything done. No email is a plus tho.
*properly grumpy* Can't even have a cold shower as the water comes out warm 
Can't shake the malaise and weakness from the tummy bug. The gym will have to wait 
Can't understand the lit stuff for tomorrow. 
Wasps went out &amp; I've closed the window over. 20-30 flying between bedrm &amp; sitting room. What to do? Can't leave windows closed all time 
I'm sooooo hungry need lunch!!! Can't leave the office at the moment though cuz there's no1 else here  guess I'll just have to tweet 4 a b
Can't figure out why the kitty doesn't want to play with me.   But there's lots and lots of grass to run through here!
Can't get Aweber to load today without disabling javascript  Just me or are others having trouble?
Can't fix my profile picture anymore ..  .. wonder what I messed up this time *lol*
@BobMetcalfe I had the same experience this week. I was at 200 and am back to 204. The bicycle is calling me already.  Can't until 2nite@ 
Can't find 1 stockist with both 19-21mm memory wire and 2mm tubular crimp beads 
@CaddyChristy I remember those days! Can't do that anymore  to many meds to old blah blah blah  got a pic up yup thats me
@VNess81 feeling really unwell today. Can't sleep at night cause of the heat!   how are u?
Can't find the guess that's not gonna happen. oh well. 
Hey tweets it another beautiful morning! Can't wait to see what today holds for me! No date tonight with my hubby, yaya has a migraine! 
My legs haven't been this sore in a long time... Can't even skate to class... 
Can't believe it's still this hot. Apparently it's only gonna be 18 degrees tomorrow. 
I may be wasting away at work, but at least I'm a fucking genius while I do it. Can't wait to go put my foot up tonight. It's sore. 
I think the &quot;mild hey fever&quot; i believe I have is acting up. Can't stop sneezing, and my throat is so itchy 
@travel_buzz Can't visit a friend due to health and they won't even consider helping me. $140 later, an hr on my mobile and its sorted 
@foxcek  Can't see too many of them. Lots of milky white ripples of clouds covering the sky. It's still a nice night, though.
Can't get out of the bedroom.  Workers are painting the hallway.  It's bad for me and the baby. 
Can't hear anything out of my left ear. 
Today was fun and sad at the same time  anyways, I'm not staying home. Can't wait till monday. Bwaha
Too much things and worries are keeping me awake. Can't deal with all of that at the same time. 
Can't find anything &quot;mardi gras&quot; for the banquet tomorrow 
Chatting on my blackberry its so much fun!! Can't seem to upload my photo though......dunno howwww!!!  
Can't believe I pulled a muscle on the 2nd sit up this morning. 128 in debit now 
Annoying...was awakened by loud beeping. CO2 alarm is fine. No fire...was two loud beeps. Can't get back to sleep now. 
Next week I'm going to camp.Can't bring ipods  No music for 2 days... hope I can manage.
@pavlovlitaif interested, u can follow @megabowo and @SBYpresidenku....at least for the lolz... -&gt;  I Can't use twitter to troll 
@pavlovlita if interested, u can follow @megabowo and @SBYpresidenku....at least for the lolz... -&gt; I Can't use twitter to troll 
@bleh_asura I'm at work now  Can't sleep at my desk....unless I 'pretend' to be working...yes...
Off from the nightshift, now headed to second job for the other half of this 16 hour work day. Can't listen to books at day job 
I have a loada crammin' ta do which sucks. Can't wait to finish. It's gonna be a hectic 2 weeks, especially since I don't know much. 
Can't get out of bed  gotta haul ass to the gym.
Getting ready 4 school! Can't wait to see my besties  Can wait to see the teachers 
Can't wait 4 my sweetie 2 finish this job. I feel just awful. 
Can't play the harp today - fingers feeling like fat sausages 
Lunch time now. Can't get pizza  I forgot mom made me a sandwich XD.
Can't seem to be getting my pickin' right on the banjo tonight 
Can't sleep my back is killing me...no gettin drunk on the big party weekend now  (still gambling my ass off though)
Can't miss out on 6th street!...though mr. ankle may not like the idea  @ManvFood
@MexicanHatBoy Can't believe the Tories have so many areas under control. This sucks big time. 
Anyone else having problems with #spymaster today? Can't get tasks to work 
I wish money grew on trees. Can't go to bonnaroo or the beach this summer...  
I swear I was suppose to have been in the shower almost 2 hours ago!!! Can't never get anywhere on time 
@yafnire haha good point.  Can't find a liquor store near south station tho   poor planning on my part
@AdamHoban - Of course a wall of lesbians stop floods!!! (Can't put my joke up! too un-PC!) 
@lifeontheedges My work day starts at 7:30   Can't do it.
Can't wait till exterm rules to bad that i can't see it.  i'll be on the road that night.
I have to open up the green pig tomorrow  exams next week, double  Can't wait for the stress to be relieved from my body!
@hopeless My trip to the Saltees has been called off. Can't land on the island with the current winds 
Still up, thinking about things. This is way harder than I thought it would be...  Can't sleep at all
@babygirlparis http://twitpic.com/6q8xp - Can't see the girl in the blue dress 
I need coffee!!!! Can't take these sleepless nights - guess I'm missing someone 
Can't sleep bc I'm excited for tmrw AND hungry, but I can't pig out the night before my outting 
Morning tweeters, How are you all today? The weather is terrible. Can't believe it was over 15.c degrees hotter a few days ago 
ugh, Can't find my ipod anyways - It has sentimental valueeees too   
Can't believe how different the weather is today compared to last weekend 
3 weeks until holidays start!  Can't wait to see my friends again! I've been missing them   I should think about having a small party...
Can't believe how shite the weather is today.  Its pissin rain 
Walking all day in high heels is no joke! I guess I'm still not used to it  Can't even walk to cwb from wan chai xx
Can't get too drunk tonight due to interview prep ahead of me tomorrow. I REALLY want this job maaaaaan!! 
My multi color linocut assignment is a disaster(!) Can't seem to align the colors correctly. I think I'm gonna cut back the colors. 
@theseawithin it's more swollen than yesterday.  Can't even wear comfy flats.  I will be ok, though.
Can't lay in bed any longer  must get up and face this day 
@james__buckley is your sims 3 on a laptop? Can't get it to work on a proper computer 
Where can I find examples or twitter used in web design? Can't find a whole lot using google  Thanks tweeps ;-P
@Rabidrat was a yummy noodle bar (: I have some singapor noodle things. Can't remember 
Can't believe am 21 and still being told what to do, and I don't even live at home anymore, I'm just sick and wish people would stop. 
@ the airport leavn on a jet plane  missin everyone in vegas!!! Can't wait to come back in august! It will be amazinggggggg.
Can't sleep, watching serial killers, the green river killer on tlc .    
Nya. Can't believe I'm awake already. Can't sleep more, though  I have a whole art assignment to finish today...
Really really really need a new phone can now upgrade anyone recommend anything? Can't get iphone cos o2 not good reception 
Can't get geek tool to bring in an rss feed onto my desktop 
It's too much work switching google accounts. Can't have different accounts in different tabs 
Can't sleep without the pup here.  Shes's happy at the spa.
I have the worst headache.    And I can I just say there are simply not enough hours in the day.  Can't wait for tomorrow - gonna rest!
just got done makin' some food for the week, now gettin ready to settle into my fresh clean sheets.. Can't believe how much I miss my bud 
Can't get the stupid horror movie out of my freaking mind 
Can't sleep! And need to work tomorrow morning...    hopefully goofy and pluto will keep me awake
Can't find my purse, anyone seen it? I know I have it around here somewhere...its lost in a pile of trash along with my cell 
Can't sleep...trying to figure out twitter~ craving coffee ice cream!  If I only had some.... 
Can't keep my eyes open but I really wanna finish watching this move 
@randompinkness Can't see him,probably pretty far away but the effing megaphone is doing an effective job 
Ugh...do not like drunk calls from bothersome work people. Can't sleep now 
Can't find my boyfriend anywhere!! think i should proberly get dressed &amp; do sum house work 
Can't remember the name of that band I like - the one with the guy playing guitar pretty that I saw at shadows once.... noone can help me 
@W3ZTY Can't yo mum give you like abit of the money  I really want to pre-sale the tickets tommorowww 
Fuses in the flat completely screwed. Can't keep any appliance on for fear of short-circuit, so am at work to get a few things done 
Can't avoid the ironing any longer. Today is far less glamorous than yesterday 
Can't belive that my dad's leaving today!!!!  i wish his plane left in a week!!!!!!  
Can't get onto my bro's network.  heading out soon to find plants for my balcony.
Can't seem 2 get out of this bed 2day, this is sum lazy ish!!! I slept the whole day away ... 
Can't go to the emergency room  I don't have health insurance until military renews it in minimum 2 weeks.
Can't wait to be home and actually pretend I have a summer....too many mixed feelings about a lot of things 
Can't decide whether to get the zombie exercise shirt or the ghostbuster pacman shirt... can only get one tho! 
Can't fall asleep  I hate to be an insomniac. I have to wake up at 7am. I gotta sleep more!!! 
@xo_amanda_xo haha. I want my ringtone to b that alarming song when she sees her enemies. Can't find the ring anywhere! 
had a wonderful weekend with both old friends and meeting new friends!  Can't believe its already over 
Finally home. Can't sleep, but gotta work at 8:30am. 
day one with the students in the dorms. No sleep for the next few weeks.  Can't we work together?
I'm awake! It's 8 in the morning and there's nothing I have to do today.. Can't go back to sleep.. 
Can't sleep because I have a catch in my back &amp; it hurts like the dickens.  So I guess I'll just catch up on laundry &amp; reading. *sigh*
Can't sleep, too hot out!  I can't help but think about could-have-beens. Trying to remember that everything happens for a reason.. Right?
@blewsgirl Can't wait to see you too missing everyone loads going to be home for 2 months as I have to get back to my job up here 
Can't sleep twitter won't let me.... And I miss my boyfriend  last night we were sleeping 2gether tonite I'm lonely.... 
@vindee Sucks!  Can't sleep. It's every night now. Even taken to sleeping on the couch so as not to disturb T.  
@BenJam I'm up for basketball on another day. Can't do it this week though 
Can't believe they gave the puppy back to the boy, he must have ignored its crys and flushed so hard to get it down  http://bit.ly/18n3gS
@blumarten Ah but getting a promo would mean no artwork  Can't wait for the real thing!
I'm really getting crazy with all this stuff. Can't it just work as expected and why is the RANSAC module no RANSAC at all 
bored bored bored bored bored.Can't do anything in the house cos of decorators, can't leave the house cos of decorators 
Hey ho  Can't blip or play anything. What a monday 
Can't seem to focus on what I need to do this am.  And I have meetings scheduled everyday during lunch, that is my workout time. 
I've missed my boy allllll day!  too bad he had to go and work. Can't wait for this week to be over already so I can see him!!!!!!xxxxxxxx
Can't sleep...thinking about a dying uncle...and bridging the age gap...wish I could be in 2 places at the same time 
@lizwoolly Was it good? Can't listen as in hotel and no radio  will be listening via iplayer tomorrow hopefully.
The storm's clearing after a crazy two hours. Can't believe I missed TOWDS's voice! 
Can't get the hang of this twitter thing but trying, looks like I'll be looking for a job soon  anyone need tech help???
 http://bit.ly/MisVv  please find him ok. Can't stand this tearing Ryry apart 
@DonnieWahlberg Can't wait to see you all friday!!!!  I'll be there in ddub gear!  I think it's going to rain    But party goes on!
@mkenzzi It sucks  Can't wait until summer! To tell you the truth, I have absoutely no idea!
is super tired and has way to much homework to do  Can't wait till my bday wednesday!!
Can't sleep  not even able to sleep on my fave left side cos my arm is sore from gettin hep b jag today
lifting my #last.fm boycott - will actually pay now   Can't find anything better...I have no scruples.
@MattG124 I live so close to that mall! Can't make tommorrow though school 
Can't believe my vaca is coming to an end already.   Not that home is a hardship, but man it went fast.
Can't sleep  too much on my mind..work in the morning.
Just signed up on twitter for the first time today. Can't sleep and still have to wake up early tomorrow 
back from my sister's high school graduation ceremony.  Can't believe it has been 7 years since my own...I miss high school 
I need the version of 'sleep song' from the movie THE CHUMSCRUBBER! Can't find it anywhere and its starting to piss me off 
@schmoona &lt; 4 hours sleep, long long day and I'm 40 miles away from @clover. Can't sleep without her next to me. 
grrr more delays with my brother's case.... Can't it just end already!! 
Can't wait to finish this stupid assignment - rest awaits. But will last for a mere couple of hours until I must move onto exam prep 
is going to miss choir! Can't believe theres only 9 days of school! Where has the time gone?!? I am NOT looking forward to next year!!!! 
Can't get online with eeepc  no green light on dongle, maybe no signal? #sltc09
@sockpuppets Awwww  your not fat and your never alone! Can't make any promises on the wine.
@tinymicroserf my neighbour failed to sign for it.  Can't have it delivered to work, so gotta have it delivered on my day off. &gt;_&lt;
Can't wake up today  projects kept me up too late last night!
I miss gossip girl  so much. Can't wait for season 3.
@laydee_sara Can't get to grips with facebook 
ahhhh! another day at work  Can't wait til im done with school
@DexterGrass Some kind of plate, I think.  Can't find anything in my usual research resources. 
Can't do anything on my bday bc of work... Bummed 
Can't wait till the finals end and i can go out and play! I'm turning 16 very soon. What to do? 
Can't vote at the moment, coming up &quot;internal server error&quot; 
Can't make the #tuesdaytweetup tonight as I'm working til 8 
Dam credit crunch. Can't go away to marshal this weekend 
Can't even think today.... Not likin this 3 store deal anymore 
@WildlifePhotog K-mount. The only film camera that wasn't stolen when my flat was burgled.   Can't decide which moody I am right now.
kinda depressed. Can't find anybody to care about me like he did. heart's broken 
Can't find my sleep mask boo  I hate sleeping without it!
My mom is moving out of the house I grew up in. I want to climb the old tree one more time. Can't get there 
The storm knocked all our computers out. Can't close photo, register 2 or register 1!! I might be stuck here all night!! 
My stomach feels like a twisted, and burning like sparklers are ignited inside. I think I have heart burn. Can't move without hurting. 
Can't access tweetdeck's site nor app store to dl tweetdeck for iphone. Feels like I'm in an ice creamery with no spoon  #thisblows
On his break. Can't wait till he's off @ 11...but opening tomorrow at 930 
At honda-ya again with @ksachdeva1 . Can't believe I am gonna miss the parade tomm 
How do you sync your # tweet deck columns to the new iphone app? Can't seem to figure that bit out. 
Can't belive the alarm has gone off already. It feels like groundhog day 
Can't belive the alarm has gone off already. It feels like groundhog day 
Can't wait till exams are over tomorrow. I still need a job  anyone wanna hook me up?
Can't breathe, can't sleep n can' stop thinking how no one will believe me if i call out sick after getting ripped off my tour day. 
Can't be bothered with my second product design exam today - making the &quot;product&quot; I designed in yesterday's exam! Should be interesting.. 
@beccirees I miss you! Can't even remember the last time that I saw your pretty face 
Can't wait for my day to start I haven't been pampered in a very long time  but 
@imcute519 I'm jealous of that and nyc/ san fran pride. Can't even go to ri this year! 
Can't sleep. I feel like crap right about now. This headache and body ache won't go away 
@JohnDunningUK  and I feel like there is an utter desperation in its slithering and writhing. Can't explain it any other way.  
I'm depressed to another level. Can't go the end of exams party because I have to puppy sit my puppy who cries LOUD every bloody night 
One In The Same - &lt;3 it! Can't wait for saturday! (cant watch it on friday  )
Finally snatched a time to tweet. Loads of school works! Can't even go online. I miss @DavidArchie stuffs already 
I went to sleep last night with meeeean headache due to spray-fixative.  That &quot;low odor&quot; stuff is the devil! Can't tell how much u inhale 
Can't use the pool if the sun doesn't come out one of these days!!   http://mypict.me/494U
Can't believe I had to get up at 620am, take a day off work, and spend six hours in a car to sign two things and get a lecture 
@FIFAWorldCupTM If this annoying buzzing keeps on next year, it's going to seriously disappoint viewers worldwide.  Can't it be stopped?
So I have something wrong with my gums/molars/wisdom teeth? Can't close my mouth completely and I'm lisping.  #ihatedentists
@elverbo give it 6 months and my filing cabinet will be full of nothing but AT&amp;T bills. Can't go paperless, it's a business account 
@VivatRegina I'm dying to get my hair cut na but I can't because of my stupid head wound. Can't comb hair for two weeks. 
Can't believe how fast the time is going. Only a week left. 
Can't I delete these random people from my &quot;following&quot; list? I don't even remember signing up to follow them in the first place... smh 
Having a fat day. Can't zip up skirt that fit two months ago 
At werk!! Can't wait for the hubby to pick me up! Not feeling that great neymore ... Ui got the montly curse 
Can't believe tomorrow is the last day of school n then i get to another school!  i'm gonna miss my friends n a certain boy so bad...&lt;/3
@damana Can't believe I trekked down only to miss you  When are you off - time for a quick coffee before you go?
I'm commuting to school with my driver today! Can't bring my laptop! 
@SilenesCellar Can't drink gin - got absolutely paralytic on it when I was 16 and never touched it since, smell turns my stomach 
Can't breathe, heart beating fast, need air, getting dizzy... Sounds like I'm inlove, but I've done that! I'm feeling sick 
@cluefairy Lots of web pages that it doesn't seem to work right on.  Can't get it to select the text.
Can't find anyone I know on twitter, they're all on fb  I feel lonely
Late night customer network changes    Can't have downtime during the day!
Wtheck is up with twitter?? Can't view my friends timeline!! Haaaaaaaaa (scream) there goes my night 
MAN... So sick of packing this wk... Boxes everywhere!! This has 2 end soon. Can't bear it much longer. I'll b happy when its all over. 
Aww damn, really good little laptop only $620 delivered. Can't justify it to myself- have perfectly good laptop already. 
Losr my knitting mojo again  Can't do anything and it sucks.
Can't sleep in, fact these days I can't remember the last decent nights sleep I had 
Actually going to bed at a decent time tonight! Can't sleep in tomorrow 
At infosec's little half-brother (the israeli event). Can't be any less pro 
Why is it so hot tonight! And not got enough during the day! Can't sleep 
we.will.never.sleep.cause.sleep.is.for.the.weak.and.we.will.never.rest.till.were.all.fuckin.dead...no.sleep.for.me.  &lt;~Ca$Uiio~&gt;
Having a cookie for breakfast and enjoying the fresh, washed air following night time storms ~ with an eye on the clock.  Can't be late 
Can't believe I turned this down  http://www.tvsa.co.za/default.asp?blogname=shugasblogiwood&amp;ArticleID=11942
@kevincottrell hmmm...  I was up at 4 today, usually not until 545. I have sleep issues. Can't fall asleep or stay asleep. 
I had a really bad dream  what's up with my dream fairy or something? Can't a girl ever get a break?
@AmbrosePatty touch, and its already full! Can't afford the ones with bigger gigs 
Now twitter is last  Can't be bothered closing everything though to get it back in the correct order
Can't find someone to work 3-7 for me so I can see my son graduate 5th grade.  
&quot;wat zit da- euhl! hoe lang zit dat er al?&quot; Can't wait till exams are over, I really want to watch movies again 
This week is a major, major gym fail. Can't wake up, knees hurt, wonder if it's knee doc time again. 
Can't believe I am sick and had to stay home today ...   I am definitely not as young as I use to be and last week activity did me in.
Can't say I really appreciated having no power this morning in my house 
Can't sleep  and it's frustrating the shit out of me because I know it's going to be sooo hard to wake up tomorrow morning!!
@_Swandiver we seem to be getting lots of those too. Can't say I noticed the weather last night though 
Guys, I'm not having a good day  Can't remember the last time I had a bad day. 'Make me feel good' *halle berry voice*
@dolcedebbie that shortbread biscuit sounds yummy!  Can't believe I won't see you again till after vacation 
@kingjoolian nahh white rice neegus. Can't remember the last time I had garlic rice 
A bit ticked off at digital Tv revolution. Can't get favorite daytime channel with any antenna...who got rich off of this scheme,huh? 
Can't get over how badly I hurt my foot getting in the shower, bruised, swollen n cut  not happy days
@dobey @laserjock - read it on google news a while back. Can't find the link now.  Supposedly it helps though.
Can't wait to leave the mall, I've been here since 1230 and won't leave till 9  but on a brighter side everything else couldn't be better
Can't chew up cups anymore because my teeth hurt like hell from wearing my retainer all night. 
Can't everyone just get along. One global #IfThenElse syntax to rule them all! I'm such a nerd 
Can't wait for tomorrow! I get to see him!!! YAY! But my ankle hurts sooo bad! 
@jasonbetts I know lol.. Can't just take days off work like that tho 
Can't sleep  Where is the off button on this damned thing?
Can't wait to go out of town tomorrow with the family.  it might be my moms last trip. 
Can't wait to get my apt fan from my parents this weekend- its too hot to sleep in here 
Can't believe it I just got done restoring my computer 3 days ago and it already has another virus. At least I hadn't installed much. 
Can't get enough confidence to talk to cute boy in psych class. 
Can't sleep and once again feels lonely, I need a cuddle and an insomniac buddy I hate being alone all night 
working all night.. Can't get my good night kiss... boo 
My windows open and I can hear the baby next door. He's been cryin for about 30 mins now.. Can't close my window or I'll be dead hot 
Can't sleep  i need a kiss goodnight from twitter
@Dabaddest82 cool beans! Can't wait, although they are calling for rain! 
UT in less than 2 hours time and today's about utility theory.  Can't wait to get home
Not feeling well today. Can't I stay home from work? 
Can't remember the last time I ate with a guy and paid for myself...I will take note of this day 
Spiders with egg sacks BETWEEN the sheets! Can't handle it. Just changed rooms! Now out of diapers so off to the store 
must get a move on for work  Can't sit here perving all day! Wouldn't that be a great job?! I'd earn a fortune! ;)
4:54 AM not looking fwd to 8am. How abt that. Can't I just sleep and do the nasty on a rainy day like these as oppose to wake for work!!! 
Fuuuuuck. Can't finish. I was only a little less than an hour away from being done with this page, too. 
Can't decide whether I have swine flu or too-much-curry-itis, but either way I don't feel the mae west, and so I'm off back to bed... 
I'm fuckin bored its 333 in the morning and I ain't got nothing to do. Can't play with the dogs or anything. 
Can't believe that no one is in this morning and I had to clear up after the party (that I couldn't even stay long at) all on my own!! 
Can't understand such things. (at Inffeldgasse, #tugraz  )  http://twitpic.com/7sk9f
Can't believe that it's already 79 degrees outside and it's only 7 in the morning. Its gonna be a hot one 
@youhadmeathello where's your bio line from again I heard that line &quot;it's not rape if you shout surpirse&quot; ages ago. Can't remember 
Can't believe I'm gona miss the final because of  stupid work meeting... 
Oh so bored at work, no computer cause the server is being reset. Can't do any work so i'm sitting here bored 
Can't believe I'll miss senorita's bday celeb 
In montebello. Can't believe they closed uncle robbie's  loved that place.
@Sweena i kinda tried working thru the pain for 2 months and made it a lot worse! Can't lift at all now 
If wish mr burns would leave. Can't really do anything while he walks around like he owns the place...oh wait he does 
oh.boi.today.is.deffinately.not.my.day..  just.wanna.go.home.. &lt;~Ca$Uiio~&gt;
No banana wontons tonight...  Can't find wonton sheets for the life of me.
@alithered77 damn!!!  lol I didn't like the movie... The make out was way better! Can't complain! ;)
grr stupid phone won't let me see flight tracker sites! Can't check delays 
Can't believe freshmen year is already over...my how time goes by so fast 
@HungryGirl the bestivehad werefrom new Zealand. Can't remember name but were the best. Can't find them any longer 
@shaydechelle Can't @ work til 12a  looks like I'll be a home alcoholic again tonight lol
Can't find anybody to go out for mexican food &amp; drinks with me 
@kirstiealley YES! Can't really eat much - have smashed mouth (+ face) up quite successfully 
Last night I was supposed to go for pre-party shots, mid-party dinner, after-party drinks, and post-party supper. Can't believe I crashed 
I was supposed to go for pre-party shots, mid-party dinner, after-party drinks, and post-party supper. Can't believe I crashed halfway 
I miss @bekahferguson    Can't wait to see her tomorrow night!!!
Can't wait for this food to get here. Just wish my baby felt better. 
I'm not sure if I like that shrink tweet tool on ubertwitter. I like to spell my word correctly if I can. Can't get w/ someone = sum1. 
I'm going to run away from home... I'm planing my escape now! Can't wait to try it! (third atempt)  for some reason I always get cought 
Thinking of getting up soon. Can't sleep anymore  almost did actually but a facebook msg woke me up  should use phone only when sleeping
Can't sleep on this rock hard bed  i wish i was at home, on my soft warm bed
Thinking of getting up soon. Can't sleep anymore  almost did actually but a facebook msg woke me..
Lunch with qy later during her brk from work. Can't find anything to eat meanwhile! 
Can't wait to get outa here.. I just want to get drunk and forget about it all 
3 am!! Can't sleep.... Looks like a sleep disorder  this has been on for days :p
Just getting off the computer, about to play some xbox 360 with my cousin. I can't sleep. Can't believe I slept in late today 
Second day of Hovawart puppy mastership. So far so good, with the exception of the howling at bedtime and again 5.30am  Can't complain.
Can't sleep keep having the nightmare were a stack of money keeps watching me. 
Can't believe i'm leaving the island in less than 24 hrs! Where did the days go? 
Can't sleep... and I'm supposed 2 hang w/ friends 2day 
Can't stand this hot weather. It's too humid, my immune system is suffering very much at the moment. 
Can't believe my lamp doesn't work anymore. I'm so sad. I've had it through my harry potter books and now nothing 
Sleeping all day probably wasn't a good idea! Can't sleep! 
Most awesomest wedding is all done. Can't wait to blog it....at the studio tomorrow at 8am 
@NovaWildstar Off for a nice meal - but going to miss the Lions match  Can't have it all..!
need to get on with stuff but feel super lazy today. Can't get the motivation to do anything 
sad about everyone leaving bristol. Can't believe this is my last week here 
I had a rough night... 25 weeks, but feels like 35... Can't sleep, never comfy 
No power still and my phone is gonna die. Can't charge it 
@jbraun430 yeah, I looked at the radar too.  Can't find a dry spot anywhere on the map 
Can't believe its the longest night of the year 2moro! And then after that, the nights start getting shorter again! 
Leaving our resort and ready for a day of traveling. Can't believe the week is over 
Can't believe i decked it last night haha thn banged my head i now had a lump 
I feel horrible and its no fun at all. Can't speak, can't hardly breathe, and it all hurts.  This sucks!
Trying to start a late veggie container garden for when I move. Can't find any started plants except tomatoes, which I already have. 
I broke the promise again. Can't help it ~ sleepin' early is way tougher than any of da subjects I'm takin' right now 
Can't believe the last day of school was yesterday. i cried 
Can't wait to start this 50 hour work week 
@Grayapple Can't find carrier settings  thinking it's probably because I have a 1st gen iPhone?
Can't seem to sleep  Its gonna be a long day tmrw...
Just realized/remembered how much I miss going to drum &amp; bugle corp shows. Can't find any anywhere on the west coast! 
Attempting to take responsibilty for my own failures this summer... Can't just blame them on school or other outside influences. 
Shit wtf is with this iran shit?  Can't they reeeelax tit's saturday 
@DLDAVID just too much going on, with too many people I love getting hurt or their hearts broken. Can't bear to see loved ones hurting. 
Can't do basic math in his head anymore. I now reside in Calculatorsville 
Can't believe it's the last day of holidays already 
Can't have a shift at work without breaking a nail 
Can't believe I wrote 2 articles and started a 3rd. Now just need to put tha commitment behind my fiction 
Using my brothers phone.. Can't text  lost my phone today dammit fmlfml
Can't believe there's gonna be a 10 things i hate about you tv show. Why ruin such a great movie 
Can't sleep and have to be up way early tomorrow 
Can't sleep man! This summer starts like the last one except my loves not mine anymore 
Can't seem to fall asleep, yet I got work in the morning. The internet is addictive and I don't like it! 
Can't believe the weekend is almost over and will be at work in 13 hours 
Can't understand why these past few days javi seems to be cranky and crying all the time.. Pffhh 
Birds sure are up early this morning.  Can't seem to get a decent nights sleep since I got home.  
http://twitpic.com/802z1 - I want this dress and these sweaters so baaaadly.  Can't find any way to get them 
@anzmoneymanager - Can't the automatic transaction fetch get all my history from my account 
@ChrisOMills @BrandyMills Can't wait for the fireworks!! Wes has to work  He's gonna try to come on his break! I'm very excited!!
Too much work!!!!!!!!!  Can't breath!!!!!! All nighter here I come 
Can't wait to watch jon&amp;kate+8 tonight! I hope thier announcement isn't that they're getting a divorce! That would be sad! 
Can't sleep   I hate mornings. And my sleep pattern!
@Marili1230 wish I knew earlier...pressin 2 much for time  do u know how much tix are? Can't get them on ticketmaster anymore
Can't believe I still have almost two months left of this summer... I hope next weekend will be great. 
Can't sleep  need to sleep got to get up for work in 7 hours noooooooo
Working tonight...   Can't wait to get home to crash since I got next to no sleep last night...
Can't sleep.. I'm too hot  this sucks cus I was exhausted earlier but now I can't be comfortable cus it's just sooo stuffy in my room &gt;.&lt;
Can't sleep, too warm, sore stomach = long nyt 
And she sang to me when I took a real ill turn. I feel like a baby but I'm quite content. Can't sleep tho 
going to the library to study. Not fun  Can't wait til the end of next year!
Can't find any of my eminem cds  bummed cuz I really needed to blast them right about now
Y!:Can't believe its going to be 100 degrees on saturday  http://twitter.com/Hucks_mom
at work doing my supervisor's job...ugh!  Can't wait to fly to California tomorrow! I miss you (
@jennycakes23 My virtual world is sucky today w/out u dear  Can't delete ur twitter though. who else can I dish with bout da boyz?
@anatrip oh no ana.  I hope everything is alright!! Can't wait for friday with @cags13.
@DayNightTrader My cat looks like that.  Can't believe the crossbow attack.  Some monster. &gt;
Is there a way to edit gmail contact groups from the g1? Can't seem to figure it out  #askandy
Oh, no... it's 5:30pm and my work day is over!  Can't wait to be back again tomorrow morning.
Can't wait to get outta work but has nothing fun to do 
Can't believe how exhausted I am. I need time off work, like a year or something. I'm sick of this awful routine, I quit... I want out! 
I've been such a lazy cook lately  Can't seem to get motivated to make dinners that take too much time and or effort.
@FashionGrail I know... sometimes when both of us reeeaaally want something we decide to sell it as a solution. Can't keep everything 
This week was soo awesome ! Can't wait till tomorrow , but I'm not looking forward to the crying 
Can't remember the last time I was this sick.. 
I feel like crap. Can't breathe, people smoking aren't helping, and I don't want to be working.  bed NOOOW please.
The neighborhood dogs are being too loud.. Can't sleep  ready for the weekend!
Can't believe i'm up &amp; awake at 6.20am! Not even working today 
Can't sleep  my computer is rlly loud and I hav to keep it on cuz its getting rid of my viruses, ahhh
Can't find my &quot;ladies clothes&quot; .. um I think I left &quot;ladies&quot; out of the headings .. 3 pages to edit now .. 
Can't sleep for the 3 rd night in a row  going to read for a bit
2 more hours till I leave for the train station, then another 2 hour wait for a 4 hour ride. Can't sleep 
I'm starving. Not eaten this morning and I've no cash on me. Can't get to a cash point until 11:00 and nobody has any cash to lend me 
Can't sleep.....just wish my life would get better somehow 
Can't seem to enjoy anything lately.  *bashes head against desk*
is going to miss choir! Can't believe theres only 9 days of school! Where has the time gone?!? I am NOT looking forward to next year!!!! 
@rad_g Can't really windows is not my choice its the client I'm working for choice 
Can't leave the house I'm so sick -_- gonna hav to cancel recording tomoro 
@iamleanne Am I doing this right?? Can't get the hang of this its weird AND I have no followers  xx
Power is out @ work. Can't hardly do anything. I hate the waiting 
For some reason, the server has been down for 3 days  Can't upload the show!
my iPhone is attempting to kill itself. Can't wait to get home and try to fix 
@kcarruthers me too, on that note goodnight lovely lady, hope to catch up again soon! Can't make bc in syd this weekend 
iPhone 3G S has turned up at last.. Can't play with my new toy until tonight though. 
Ah crap! Can't bake cakes yet, got to hoover/dust the house 
Can't w8 till next weeks pay day already this weeks shocking pay 
http://twitpic.com/8dcow - I didn't know what the hell this was until I went to the hospital and it was hives! Can't eat walnuts! 
Can't even write while I wait... I'll miss it again  I'm just going to keep talking to myself or singing. La la la, la, la, lalalala
Can't honestly remember where I was or what I was doing. So much for having a productive day  I had a productive 4 hours this morning tho'
Can't believe my sunglasses came 2day but I hav 2 wait 2 days 2 pick it up as no1 was in 
@CharliePodge awww baby that sucks  mine was ok, jjust falling asleep, are you gonna be able to eat before swimming? Can't go hungry xxx
They are adding all kinds of new quizzes! LOL Can't take them at work...our web filter won't let me!  
@chanc Can't wait to see you in 4 sleeps and 3 days! 
5 games in a row this week. 1 down, 4 to go.  Can't wait!
Trying so hard but Can't sleeeep...chattin with my girl britney.     surround urself with real positive people.
Can't fall asleep.. maybe I'll tweet... exciting for morning run tmr. 
@RealHughJackman I wonder, do celebs just google their headshots for their profile pic? Can't wait to see the movie btw 
needs a catchy status message. Can't think of one... so... how about... &quot;hi...&quot;   ?
Finish almost everything......so  Can't wait 4 2morrow......gotta look pretty!
goin abroaaaaad tomrow.. Dubaiiii Can't wait... So long twitters... I only have room for prodigy  sorry peeps!
geo.......Can't wait for play practice tonight !  ;D
waiting for baby news from my friend. Can't wait to see the new little guy! 
Studying addictions psychology ... last exam next week ! Can't wait for Summmmerr 
On our way to my cousin's wedding with parents. Can't wait to see how she looks! The aftternoon is nice and warm 
&quot;Can't keep believing, we're only deceiving ourselves and I'm sick of the lie&quot;(evanescence)     on that note....good night  
@collective_soul you guys are awesome for replying back to your fans! Can't  wait till you guys go on tour! 
@sreyadutta lol ... thou shalt come back to normal  Can't converse like this for a week 
@lostonpurpose yeah! Not all the time but it's definitely real. Can't get it on camera though.  soon come...I hope!
@kaelak00 You had a busy night!  Can't wait to see the non-sesame street orange 
Workinggggg!! Can't wait to go home n see my baby girl 
Spending the day w/ my real family!! Can't wait to hit red robin  
@la_dissonance Can't say I mind either way  Looks like you have a full schedule, I hope you have a better sunday work ethic than I do 
@JamesEYB post secret is my favorite too...i love going on there early sunday mornings! Can't wait for the new book 
@chrisandcaleb - Two words: &quot;Can't&quot; and &quot;wait&quot;. lol 
Can't believe nice weather 2 days in a row.  Meeting my bf at lunchtime for a stroll to M &amp; S  and hopefully catch some rays on the way.
is sending out her secret summer santa swap today!!  Can't wait to get mine!! 
Somethings in life are funny.....Can't wait to see my friends tomorrow!!  xx
Last exam today!!!  Can't wait to go back home!!! 
Can't wait till my b'day  reli excited yipee
Oh and I had a very nice time last night ! Can't wait til next time 
Early morning start!  Can't wait to work with the campers starting at 10am!!  
Second trending topic is 'I want revenge' - our society has so much anger! Can't we just hold hands and sing about trees? 
is back home from the CLS. Can't wait for next week!  http://plurk.com/p/rejyo
'CDC' is one of the trending topics on twitter. I'm sure its not the same one we refer to as. Can't imagine people tweeting about it. 
At work. Can't wait to get home to my woman. . i know she cooked for me. . .  
@reganmct I probably have and idea for 5 hours of energy?!  Can't wait for you to come home 
at Gabbys for the weekend woot then Mondays my bday! Can't wait 
I missed practicing guitar. Can't wait till I get a strap for it so I can play standing up. 
Chinese food for dinner tomorrow. Can't wait! 
Tired but happy because everything takes place well. I listen to the music &quot;Can't read my, can't read my, no he can't read my pokerface 
Can't wait to do the most random things over the summer like kings island, picnics, road trips and 2am food runs, o the fun we'll have 
The sun is shining so bright right now! Should be another pretty day. We're going to work out in the yard this afternoon. Can't wait! 
is thinking of @runnersrambles I bet your doing great! Can't wait to hear how u do girl!! 
Shopping for brunch in the pouring rain. I love my gf's. Can't wait to see you today  #fb
Can't wait to ride my bike through the valley at home  memorial day weekend is only 17 days away!
Planning my day tomorrow - gardening in the rain, then to the studio once I've had enough of that.  Can't wait!  
@tjstaab @NTFFC I am in awe of their work. Can't wait to see more! Thanks for the sweet comments. 
@macrinaivazian I'm so happy for you! Can't wait to see your place and eat some yummy pizza 
@b_club wished I could have been there last night. Sounds like it was rocking! Can't wait to see pix or vids 
@mainpa LOL! Thanks  glad I have the time off to spend with him! Can't imagine trying to go into work right now.
3 days of frisbee, three nights of partying and sprained ligaments. Can't imagine a better long weekend 
Can't wait 2 hand in work tomorrow then im practically finished for the year  yay!!!!!!!
I got a full day of work today.  Can't wait in tell i get home for some beer and tv time  but i got to make the money to get the beers
@fotojen @halgriffin hope you guys are having fun!  Can't wait for ya'll to be back, Wilmy isn't the same without you 
@JonathanRKnight thank u sweetie! Can't wait to set sail with u next week 
@LunarLife hes definitely my fav host ever!  Can't wait to watch the rest tomorrow!!  
Can't wait for tomorrow. Its gonna be the greatest day 
@marshmallowlady the spa day? well, there's facials, massages, body wraps, mud baths, manicures, pedicures... you name it! Can't wait! 
@dennisdoomen What? Can't we, as alternative, invite some people of our own and get a beer or something!? 
At home in Fresno! Can't wait to eat (lol) 
Can't wait to be able to practice piano 7 hours a day after tomorrow 
Can't wait till sunday! The next soccer match 
Can't wait to go snowboarding . Probably last time this season, but going out with a huge bang 
@paolab: ok  have a good night !! Can't wait till tmrw!
Can't wait to watch my older sis graduate today!!! 
 Can't see his copper green guys though.. http://tinyurl.com/ppc4cq
Can't sleep.. 2nd night a row that I've had to sleep alone..atleast i might go to the zoo tomorrow with anthony 
Can't sleep anymore after night feeding baby, let's start the day earlier 
@StArRyLuff I nearly forgot luvie, I wish you a very happy first day back at school, have fun xoxo Can't wait to hear all about it 
@TheMehwarrior 18,970,830 on 2nd go. Can't find times restarted, didn't watch credits. It was a lot fewer than previous 49 anyway 
@SeanBates lol i went for dried shit in the end. Can't beat pasta from the back of the cupboard thats been there for years 
I'm wishing for all of my dreams to come true... and i'm helplessly hopeful. Can't wait for dreams to become reality 
had an awesome day today  sooo happy to see my uncle again! Can't wait to see my friends tomorrow! but not looking forward to school.. :/
I feel like I'm home! I miss Ventura! Can't wait to see old friends today 
Lakers game on a half hour ... Can't wait 
My brothers graduation tomorrow!! Can't believe it! 
my wedding dress came in!!! Can't wait to go get it 
Can't wait to see everyone at monday night cell!! 6:30 till 8:30 at my place, all welcome 
@garethslee and it's a 3 day job. Can't wait 
Geting a new fan tommrow it's fucking huge it's 2 fans on 1 body. Can't wait to test that fucker out 
@nyssa83 take me with you, I wanna look under some rocks too. Can't let you have ALL the fun  haha!!
@khanserai Awww. I got a gift with a bow! Can't wait to see it. Ba got me books 
@PlugWonDeLaSoul yo pos check out chirbit.com for sharing audio via twitter. Can't help u on chin real estate... 
@fartingpen Just read that &quot;controversial&quot; post! I liked the post a lot. Can't relate to it much, but still liked it 
@RobPattinson_ you are an amazing actor, hope you get recognised at the mtv awards!!  Can't wait for new moon!!
@adiemer -HI! I'm meeting @chrisrow at the wedding!  You better save me a dance! Can't wait to see you in a tux! 
@willbus good luck with that. Can't be as bad as my experience last week. 
@rachaeldunlop Actually, they are the most relaxing and fun-filled sessions. We just have a blast. We pick up work next week. Can't wait 
Can't believe how much candy I ate yesterday x) Yes, and new blog post 
@brainstuck And happy fridays  Can't wait for the next one! It'll be a long weekend here.
@sehrish_D Yay! Can't wait lol! I watched him on TV last night for the tenth time and he still made me laugh! 
Can't sleep I feel like the day before u go to disney land  http://myloc.me/1neV
http://twitpic.com/5oguk - Can't think of a better way to start my day 
Can't wait for this horrible week to be over, just 7 more hours and then I'm switching my brain off for a couple of days!! 
All this stress will exit it's way out of me in about...11 hours.  Can't effing wait. - All this stress will exit... http://bit.ly/ndQCL
Can't wait for red rain pm to start!  - http://tweet.sg
Takes me back. A classic. Can't take the smile off my face  ? http://blip.fm/~6szaf
@SensualStories What would you define as &quot;friendly&quot; ? And what about  &quot;unfriendly&quot;? Can't really slap someone in 160 characters 
@lolbec Can't, @Alcofrollic spent all our money on her new camera! But she deserves some new gadgetry too .. so that's fine 
@MarcosAmbrose guys is there a way to get added to your media list?  Can't seem to see a media link at the site Thanks 
Just got home.  I really had a very long vacant time this day. It's almost 5 hours! I swear! I'm so bored during that time. Can't explain.
Such a fun bday! Can't wait to continue the celebration tonight 
@chuinavarro yaaay!! Congrats!! Can't wait to listen. These last days have been great huh? You deserve it all guys 
hittin the road to new mexico. Can't wait to see the fam 
I have an awesome girlfriend. Can't wait to see her tomorrow 
Can't wait to watch my dvr'd episode of the hills!  speidi is the cuuteest couple!
@theroguegirl You hanker for foul mouthed brits??? You're a bit of a masochist then? o_O Can't say I ever miss the foul mouthed people. 
SO bored at work!!!Can't wait till my holiday on friday to turkey!!yay!  x
Can't believe tomorrow is already the last day of school! It seems crazy but i'm ready for summer! 
@masseffect2 just watched the new trailer on gametrailers.com, looks freaking awesome! Can't wait! 
@nerfsqueezer you really need to go on the tower of terror at Ca adventure and space mnt. At disney land 
Can't stop fav'ing @steny_agustaf's tweets. The guy's a walking joke book. 
