Most common words for this cluster:
[('ca', 2167), ('tomorrow', 113), ('today', 107), ('day', 107), ('time', 91), ('work', 83), ('home', 83), ('quot', 75), ('amp', 62), ('i', 62), ('night', 61), ('week', 61)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Ca', 0.919498860836029), (u'Pacheck_Huntington_Beach', 0.7403886318206787), (u'hville', 0.6038894653320312), (u'###-###-####_www.rei.com', 0.5793367624282837), (u'dpa_str', 0.5687985420227051), (u'Billy_Bugenig_Ferndale', 0.5665640830993652), (u'Unified_Sch', 0.5651208162307739), (u'Cancer_J_Clin', 0.5641890168190002), (u'J_Hand_Surg', 0.5632942914962769), (u'CA', 0.5616693496704102)]





Hanging in Crooners. Wanna sing. Can't. Sucks. 
I miss him.  Can't wait to celebrate the Tar Heel win this weekend though!!
Can't sleep  I hate these nights when I try to go to bed early and stay awake for hours. Poo!
Can't believe Cutner is dead on House! Sad day.  in Santa Rosa, CA http://loopt.us/ORPL3A
Can't sleep. Need to talk to someone. 
@CodaQueen oh wait he does have 1 in Oakland on the 18th. Can't understand why he only has 1 &amp; in Oakland 
I wish we had a Dunkin Donuts in Holland  Today my moms back from Japan. Can't wait to see her!
Can't belive it.. We're home!! So sleepy 4 hrs today..  in Round Rock, TX http://loopt.us/GEtn1w
feeling very poorly and sorry for myself. Can't swallow, ow  Stupid glands.
Can't seem to get over the dissapointment of haveing absolutly no one notice I am gone. Sad   I must not be boring I must not be boring...
@Cezzadwen I think that it's pretty standard wherever you go?  Can't find it anywhere in Canberra yet 
@maxime68 Darn! Can't open it on my work computer. Not supposed to have fun at work  But thanks anyway!
@Willie_Day26 Can't sleep!!!! Its 345 and I have to be at work at 830! Don't know what the problem is 
Can't smell Tyson any more ... 
all work and no play does not a happy Linda make  Can't wait for the holidays!
Can't use Twitter with my phone 
@loseitfatboy good, yea had that same issue last night. Way overloaded. Can't complain saw you smoked your camera 
Can't wait to get stuck in traffic tomorrow. Going to Manila for a meeting 
Yeah... Can't do this... But gotta find a way to just be okay. Buttercup can't cheer up 
Heading off to my hell. Need a vacation badly! I'm 32 and haven't been on one since I was 16. Can't afford one though 
ugh my head, too many margaritas for a monday  Can't wit for the Arsenal game though!!!
Dad now wants oxygen for &quot;when he needs it,&quot; Doesn't want to be dependent on it. Can't quit smoking. 
Didn't plan my gym trip well. If I go, I'll only have an hour.  Can't go after work either cuz I'm off too late and work early tomorrow!
Can't do a VEDA video today cause my flipcam is out of batteries 
@heatheranne Thanks for the follow. Can't wait to meet you! We'll have to have drinks in Muncie at The Heorot (no Web site  )
Can't stop crying.  Man....  7pounds is no joke 
I am bored.... Can't wait to get to Nashville in 5 days, but is really sad one of my best friends won't be there... DD 
@ivey Can't find them in my Rhapsody  Mayhap you can share sometime?
@Shereebaaaby Can't Im already going out 
Need some coffee. Can't go to Starbucks until the shower is over. 
Can't recall when was the the last time our room temperature is at 31.0 Celsius at night. Is Earth really burning up? 
Can't get hold of my mate, she's either out already, or not in from last night yet. Tonight in will be dull as @gapanda is drunk already 
@themba_m Yep, the magic is gone. Can't we geeks have anything to ourselves anymore? 
Listening to Top 40.  SUPER pumped for the fights! Can't decide what to wear! 
VOC Emission Controls..   Can't wait for ffffffffffffFffffffffffffriday.
@RachelsDestiny I took photos but I have to buy more memory next week. Can't upload 'em. Disk full 
Can't find your Twitter, Taylor 
Doing my Astrology homework and boy is it BORING.    Gotta get it done so I can go to my friend's birthday party tonight.  Can't wait!!!
Can't sleep... Again.  I really hate sleepless nights. Perhaps the stress is getting to me 
@twimailer Twitter says my twimailer email isn't working anymore.  Can't see an easy way to fix on ur site...
Can't believe it's almost time for my brother to move to Chile. 
Can't get Raja to stop crying , he's sick... 
Can't sleep. Still waiting for a phone call I guess I'm not getting. @DuncanBlieu  
I hate being sick.. It's stupid! Can't even be too close to Sunnah 
Half of exam papers are missing.  Need to phone uni tomorrow. Can't get a job without them :S
Can't sleep. My stomach hurts 
Can't sleep... Too sick 
Can't believe its his last day off work today.....back to the Grindstone tomorrow. 
Aah, pizza's arrived. No bottles of beer for me though  Fingers crossed 4 the match - any team new yet? Can't remember last match thi ...
Now back 2 our regular program service - Sunday get ready fro the workweek!   last night was FUN!  Can't wait until next weekend
@BluePoles Can't see the Reserve Merlot on your site 
Can't seem to retrieve files from old hard drive...Geek squad recommended black widow, but unable to trasnfer files 
ooohhh Miley's off to Germanyy  she's sad abt leavin' her fam! Can't wait for news..
Taking a break from the paper to mow my lawn. Can't believe how early this is starting.  Least fave part of being a new homeowner.
trying to get my warm weather clothes out even though it's still not QUTE WARM!!   Can't wait til my finger is back to normal too 
Easter M&amp;M's gone   Can't seem to get all kinks in my last chapter worked out AND I think we have gremlims that leave dirty clothes...
@lostinmiami Ooh, I remember that too. Can't remember her name. 
@MissT09 Strong black woman did you know that you aren't following me?  Can't send you this special dm.
Can't be more excited! Missing everyone 
Can't believe how tired I am...  Final exam tomorrow morning...
Can't sleep. Thinking. Lonely.  
Can't get out of bed. Have to be at work in half an hour. 
IM ANNOYED! Can't upload my pic 
Can't belive Im up soo early, feels like I only just got to bed 
Can't sleep. Too many things on my mind...  Shooooot me now!
is in school  But they haven't blocked twitter yet ;) ;p he he Can't wait for Diana's album!! 
It's my birthday. Doesn't feel like it. Can't sleep, but I need to. I have to go to work in the morning. Had a throbbing headache all day 
And now....Math....yay...not  hmm Can't wait to go to Paris! 
@willwade bah, @holidaybot is RUBBISH! About once a month I think it's reprocessing all it's old replies again. Can't remember why 
@AriannaLee Ah yeah, I've been wanted to go there so bad!  Can't go today though   Let me know when you go again.
Naasipop: Can't go to the gym because my car won't start  Stupid flat battery and nobody to push or jump start it.
@strange_idol Can't make Leicester one  Seeing them in Brighton instead  Gonna try to catch a few others too...
@mcuban Can't complain getting the split on the road! Although I lost money on y'all today! 
@AYLAtheDREAMER definitely agree! Dexter rules!!! Can't wait till the new season comes out!!! Just have to be patient 
What a disappointing night  Jon usually chimes in between 1-2 and nothing  Can't go to sleep for anpther 5 mins, daughter just woke up
@davescook - Good luck today with your radio thing  Can't listen to it at work because they all suck  xxx
@sherIZANs twitting on behalf of unca jo, &quot;DId you all manage to find the video cam cables? Can't do anything without the cables&quot; 
Can't believe the killed off Eddie in Desperate Housewives, that sucks 
@JDWRIGHT25 Mine are terrible too  Can't believe how much this is hitting me. Eden's post really helped, but today I'm feeling down again.
@ItsChelseaStaub Awesome!! Can't wait to watch it!! Except I live in Australia so we won't be able to see it until next month! 
@namenick I hope Amazon bring their ebook range to Stanza but keep Feedbooks. Can't see them keeping it though 
Ball hats. Burred the screw holding the WiFi cad. Can't get the motherboard off 
Can't go to sleep for some reason. Going on my forty second hour without sleep. 
Can't find my keys - so I can't go out. Landlord needs to get up so I can borrow his spares 
@Denpasar Teeth are bedding in, btw, but need a little adjustment - got to wait until Tuesday, though! Can't chew properly until then 
Can't sleep  too many thoughts in my head. Bouncing around to mess with me. I think I'm going crazy.
Just watched six episodes of ER, totally awesome! Can't believe it's the last series, what will I do without it 
@lozbarton TG its not orange! Can't wait to see it! I have so much study to do, it sucks!  Enjoy your vodka!
Can't believe that The Colbert Report isn't being shown in the UK any more. Hmph. 
Had a splendid night! Can't wait to get up in two hours 
Can't find the PSU for my printer/scanner. No #Evernote scanning fun for me. 
*Still* nauseous, but got up to do some shopping for essentials. Can't believe it's Sat; lost almost 3 days to this. 
Can't play WoW at all. Macbook has been disconnecting and now restarts 30 seconds after log in since latest patch. I don't get it. 
Can't find the bag that matches her clothes for tdy  Have to leave the house in 10.
Can't sleep  Looking at messenger,facebook, my texts... Where would I be without my Vaio and Blackberry??? Incoumicato. NEVER.
Bored to d core... Can't go out too  The heat is UNBEARABLE!
@Kakabel Haven't got them yet  - hoping they come on Tues now! Can't wait! xx
@Lovely_London awww crap. Traveling in San diego for a wedding shower. Can't listen to blipFM on my iPhone  so how's the Zohar action?
headache like the mofo! (lol).. Time goes by so slowly. Can't go shopping today with rob 
@munrodouglas I agree. Warehouse have a modelling contest on. Can't get near our store 
Had a nightmare. Can't go back to sleep now. 
Hates Cricket Season already!! Bank Hol wkend &amp; he is playing Cricket ALL WKEND!!! Can't wait til Sept 
Can't be bothered. Need motivation to climb out this rut 
Can't bend her right foot big toe ever since Mikey stood on it and broke it. I miss being able to command my toe 
Sprained my ankle.  Can't go to waterpolo 
@denharsh Can't get into FTP, sites perpetually &quot;loading&quot;, support ignores me 
@dentaldiva1 BTW, I saw that U mentioned Yuengling Beer yesterday! That's my favorite. Can't get it in Texas. 
Can't sleep   Going to try again in a bit but, not sure if it's happening.
9am in the am. I feel grrrrrrate. Woot woot. Can't wait for today. In other news, I got a bad grade on my math test  77.9/100
My bb Mauer returned last nite triumphantly &amp; I missed it  Saw the highlts on SC this a.m. though. *glee* Can't wait for tonite! #twins
Rockworld last night was awesome but lost my lovely tattoo necklace  Can't wait for Rocktober 13th!
Started raining.  Can't go out and garden now 
Can't sleep  watching Mystery Diagnosis. Probably not a good idea while I'm trying to fall asleep.
Dope show was great. Can't say I enjoyed BLS. 
Can't wait for school tomorrow.  My children are being absolute beasts today... 
Can't play Gundam Musou 2... tv is being hogged again. Won't be able to play it tonight either I guess 
Can't believe Hatton went down in the second  blah! Thought he was gonna do better!
Studying  Preparing a whole new week! Can't wait to finish...
@RoCkDreeGo Can't sleep  Miss you lots
MAD I'm awake!!! Can't fall back 2 sleep 
Can't believe his mate's plane's been delayed for the THIRD time... not the best start to her holiday 
@420thoughts Damn you have so much stuff to deal with all the time, poor thing  Can't they give you anything that will help u sleep?
2many parties.  Worn out.  Can't party like its 1999 anymore. 
@Bintang71 oh, something's wrong with the DVD I borrowed from you... Can't watch it 
@jenbishopsydney  I bet!! Have an early one. Hopefully you don't wake at 4am  Can't believe the fish! V exciting re catfish!
Elvis pic of the day on iGoogle is divine!  Can't save it though 
Twitter via web misbehaving.  Can't seem to update from safari or firefox.     #fail
Can't fall asleep!  Save Me!!!
Can't believe I'm back to work in... 30 minutes. *Sobs* My favourite sister has just gone home too. *Sobs harder* This fucking sucks! 
http://twitpic.com/4hf8p - What work has done to my hand... Time for a career change. It's messing w/ my music. Can't practice 
@tjholthaus Can't get link for DHS... 
waiting for kevin to get home.He's coming home late  I'm very tired and ready for bed.Can't wait for friday to come so I can go to the Dr.
Can't believe St. Louis ended up in a tie after being up 3-1...I guess I'm bad luck...   #wps
Last Phi Lamb phling of the year  I'm gonna miss my sisters, I love them all so much! Can't wait for a midsummer reunion!!
On my way to vh1 wrap party for tough love.... Hate this weather! Can't stand the rain 
Can't believe the weekend's over   Missing the girls and eeewww giant spider just crawled down my wall... we just talked about that!!
Can't believe Bread Co. didn't have my broccoli cheddar soup. I can't get the videos in this powerpoint to work...can anyone help? 
@MichaelRibezzo So what did u buy @ last nite's show? Can't believe its been 24 hrs already We were just there  I'm havin Brit withdrawals
Can't sleep. Going to clean the bathroom. I'm such a mess 
Can't sleep just beat GTA and ericka fell asleep on me... 
Sleep sounds good ... but pounding the fuck out of hillbilles that mis-treat their children sounds WAY better. *Can't change the world.* 
Can't sleep  - Devil loose me &amp; let me go!!!!!!! (5 seconds later - snoring!!) Is that how it works? I need some &quot;deep&quot; saints 2 tell me..
Ahhhhh. Can't sleep at all  can't stop thinking about him.
Wish I could go and see Combichrist, but I feel too old and frumpy/mom-ish.   VERY excited about the NIN/JA show, though.  Can't wait!
 I will miss mikey. Can't believe he has moved to Portugal.
Can't sleep. Got a lot on my mind... 
I can't sleep.I'm sick.  We don't have mylanta.All we have are tums,and those just make it worse.Can't decide what's worse.Puking/burping?
Can't sleep.. Being sick sucks 
@DonnieWahlberg Can't believe I'm missing it!!    I'm so far away (in Hawaii) from everything.  Wish I was there to share the moment.
Can't sleep. Tried everything from hot milk to reading my mortgage papers... 
Can't sleep. Sooo stoked about 311 tonight. Just wish I didn't feel like crap so I could fully enjoy myself.  
Was sleepy, now is awake. Can't win. I wanna play WoW but geoffles is using his mac 
http://twitpic.com/4jd0f - Can't sleep  on iPod just checkin out twittlater pro. I think its called that......
Can't believe someone who came to our house Stole my Jag leather purse! People are so dishonest. 
@mysty need hub help! Can't send/receive SMS and can't withdraw money from ATMs. People need telling I am in Turkey  fakir bun...
 ....Want Australia on my iPod....Can't find a download..... :'(
@DonnieWahlberg Wish I coulda been there but had business to tend to in Tampa.   Can't wait to see you next week on the cruise though!
@reemerband, Can't you just move the Southampton gig from the 26th to the 27th so I can go?! PLEEEEEEEASE?! I'm so gutted 
Stuck in my room  Can't leave it, I've got the flue. Not the Swine shut up
Can't find my iPod.  
Dead and Gone comes out tomorrow!!!!! Can't wait! Although I'm not sure I will have much time to read it until the week after this...sigh 
trying to find a replay of the white house correspondents dinner which I missed. Can't find a darn repeat on CSPAN 
48 hour update: Waiting for 'finalcut' to render the film. Can't wait to see finished product, but the deadline is looming... 
Is cooking lunch. Can't stand the igcse pressures. Math paper 2 is only 2.5 days away  I'm terrified.
Today was a very good and unexpected day full of surprises. Soo sleepy. Can't wait to get to my nice warm bed. Too bad its full of crap 
Can't send messages! What's wrong? Super napipikon na ako. 
Darn, my earphone cable snapped. Can't listen to music on my #iPhone while walking 
Can't see the scene of SRK's death.. 
@stealtheshow Hey, have you hidden your phone under a cushion? I've been trying to call you. Can't find your home number 
Ugh. Can't make the twitterfox work.  Any help? :&quot;)
@onesweettart I'm sorry ur going thru this. The withdrawal from a similar drug (effexor) nearly killed me.  Can't your doc give samples?
Mom is sick. She has dizzy spells. Can't move. No church today   I don't really believe in sickness it is soul not body must be healed.
Can't sleep. Wonder if it's the post-surgery drugs. 
@SwitchMac Can't see any Apple price cuts 
Can't believe it's morning already!    Gotta get some breakfast and get back to work on &quot;Sacred&quot;.
It's 3AM back home. Can't really expect a response back so soon... 
Can't find the spider! Scared it's lurking on my sofa somewhere!! 
Allergies sucks sometimes. Theres a super adorable 9 month old beagle named Sydney hanging out with my roomie and his friend. Can't pet. 
Stuck on the gardiner bc of a massice protest - 6000 ppl have blocked it off. Can't get home 
ChaCha-ing my life away... Can't go to bonnaroo anymore because i don't have a job  so lets make money for 10 cents a text!
Tired. Too much stuff was done and said. Can't hold this much information  haha
Can't sleep yet again!  Ugh! I hate insomnia. 
@_GiNA_ Can't wait for Charger football! Miss it!  &lt;3
16 hour non-stop day... Can't do much  work in the AM all over again 
is not feeling well....allergy monster bit again! UGH!!! Can't sleep now! 
Can't believe I just booked tickets for a Balakrishna movie!Travails of a married woman,you see 
Can't believe that Vancouver lost tonight!! 
Can't believe the Canucks lost. 
Super stressed. Can't find my buddy passes to fly back home tomorrow. 
Lost was the bomb literally! Can't believe next season will be the last season! 
Drank an energy too late in day.  Arrggggh.  Can't sleep.  
Work @9 tommorrow.  I'm supposed to be sleeping now. Can't..
Can't watch Lost till tomorrow 
Definitely don't do mornings! Can't wake up at all  Arrgh!
@Ms_Niss hey, Anissa... Was off for awhile last nite.. Tornado watches that amounted to nada... Dogs woke me up... Can't go back 2 sleep 
*Yaaawwwwwwwwwwwwwwwnnnnnnnnn* ooooh Hit by the tired train this morning. Can't get going.  Mornin' all.
Can't sleep... Finished cleaning now not shit to do besides read tweets... Missin my man 
Have to call a silly lady and short some sh*t out. Can't believe how she has handled this thing.. 
Shoulder still hurting but off school to rest it. Can't do anything in school with the pain 
At dentist, just had 2 massive injections. Can't feel my nose. My brain itches too. It's worth it though, right? I hope so 
Can't sleep he has a fever &amp; is throwing up. My poor baby 
I want to go see Wicked again. Can't believe I couldn't see Kerry Ellis before she left 
Lots of stuff on my mind right now. Can't sleep  http://ff.im/2SE5i
@Tazz602 for some reasons Destroy twitter doesn't like you! Can't get your tweets  But I can see them on the web... strange!
day 2 of UMWfa09-day 1 was great!  LOST season finale was too good!  Can't believe 2010 is last year...Juliette can't really be dead 
Sissy is taking a nap now.  Can't vacuum until she gets up.  I was ona  roll too.
High winds = power outage! Can't reload the OS without power. 
 Can't log into my computer at work.  ack!  Got lots to do. IT guru out today. can anyone help me?
Oh no! Can't believe Hans Rosling was presenting in my building at #Ericsson yesterday and I didn't know  On the other hand I was WFH...
@RyanSeacrest Can't believe Danny's gone! He's the best, by far. 
Cant play V-ball/S-ball 4 @ least a few wks bcuz of a torn gastronemius/calf muscle. Can't even walk! So upset that I am down a few wks 
Worst part about getting a tan is glaringly white boobs. Can't use local nudist beach to rectify, as crocodile was found there last week 
@PandaMayhem Can't get on @NKAirplay.... Gotta listen to Retro instead. 
Can't sleep. Back pain keeping me up. Therefore I'm bored. 
Can't wait to sleep in tomorrow... I wish I had pancake mix, but forgot to pick it up   Nite all!
Can't sleep  My brain won't slow down!! I even drank decaf tea tonight!
Whatever happened to the Tiramisu that Kapiti used to import?  Can't find it anymore at Foodtown  #cravingsomethingsweet
Saints currently smashing Bombers.  Such a good team they are .... Can't wait for Cats v Saints. Better be on free to air!
Can't sleep.. Kept thinking abt what i just knew. it's like history repeating itself... I dont know if i can still trust that person 
The Dr. asked me to quit COFFEE... Can't help it 
Can't sleep through pain. Completely pulled about 1/4 of the muscles in my back. Rx drugs not doing any good 
went to bed @ 8 p.m. last nite &amp; now I'm up waaay too early, watching Country music videos! Can't go back to sleep 
Can't believe she is about to drive all the way home. Need more sleep 
Can't BELIEVE I missed Dita   #eurovision
Feel v. antisocial. Also quite tired. Can't be arsed to do anything. BAH. 
Malaysia internet speed pretty slow  Can't open heavy websites with colorful graphics and videos.
@itsabell Oh yeah, that's so soon =// Can't you stay much longer? 
Yay! Got accepted to ROI Summit in Eretz Yisroel! Boo! Can't go now 
Can't Upload photo's from my phone 
Watched last two episodes of Prison Break earlier. Can't believe what happens at the end . The end of a era 
@RichelleMead Can't wait to read what you're writing now. Just finished Storm Born. 
Searching for the cat. He's stuck under the house as far as we can tell. Can't seem to get him out. Poor Cinders. 
@SHAZOZ I'm never going to know mine - adopted.  Pain in the neck, because I'm also born on a cusp.  Can't have an accurate chart ever. 
Don't know if it will work yet. Can't get photobucket working 
Drank a lil too much last night. Can't get outta bed.     BO$$ B
Testing out the demo for 3D Invigorator, a cool plugin for Photoshop http://bit.ly/2RiiTJ ~ Can't save til U buy. 
Can't believe it's the series finale of Lost 
Facebook is maintaining my account. Can't log on 
Ahhhh shit I'm late for work. Can't believe I over slept a 2 pm shift 
Phaa  Can't sleep cause Im on a diet and have stopped drinking alcohol-went to bed at 12MN last night and was up at 6am this morning!!
@georgeous_g  Hang in there, George! Why isn't your supervisor paying attention, though? Can't he see it's unsustainable???
GROAN! Work today. Can't wait! 
Car trunk latch is NOT working...  Can't get stuff out... Have to wait 'til tomorrow 
Had a love weekend with my other half. Can't wait for tomorrow...then he's off to work for the rest of the week 
Can't cancel flight. Only issued Delta credit &amp; be charged extra fee when rebooked.  What should I do?! I would save $ by not going.
So Frustrated and nervose.  Can't sleep
@BrandyWandLover see! Can't even type properly! Am a bit befuddled, tbh! Reckons he's gawn now   xxx
Can't sleep to sick  wrote my paper, read, drank oj, watched tmz, txt my Edward night, now I'm reading about micro organisms for no reason
WolframAlpha video seems better than reality. Can't tell me &quot;bandwidth stats south africa&quot;  Needs to stay in &quot;alpha&quot; for a while I think..
Can't wait to go home at 11! Getting bored of college now 
Arrived at the Montesquieu bulding of the Tilburg University.. Can't start the week with coffee: the coffeemachine broke down.. 
Can't believe I'm still up  sitting here thinkin about and planning my life, I have a lot of HUGE ideas jus hope they come true
@Lokizilla Hmm, I wanted to access from work - so something that works through a browser is preferable (+FREE). Can't really install here 
Round 2. Pasta. Lots more water. Can't go wrong? . . . Can I? I've already farked up one pot. Can't tweet, watching like a hawk! 
half an hour until #gnw starts.  Can't wait.  Disappointed that I missed the interview with Paul on my local radio tonight 
Can't sleep!!  playing chess on my phone..and I think the king piece is a dumbass!!! He can't do shit! Fucker!
Can't believe I missed windsor tattoo  stupid French Exam
&quot;It's only forever  Not long at all Lost and lonely That's underground&quot; Catchy tune. Can't get it out of my head 
Thought I'd gotten over flu only to find I've a tummy bug. Only 9 days to dep date. Can't feel sick now! 
Internet totally fail today. Can't access secure (https) pages. 
Coke instead but it's not the same. Can't believe there's no choc anywhere  go claire on #gnw twitter away!
Can't get out of the country because of the stupid passport office! ARGH! Missing London @ the mo.   x
Up with Ava, the hungriest kid ever, who is also sneezing and probably has a cold  I haaaaate colds!! http://myloc.me/15Ca
Can't sleep. I think my stomach might explode or something! Huuurrrts. Was watcing McFly vids on my ipod but it hurt when I laughed 
Can't walk due to the sunburn on my knees. Staying home 
:@AnotherJulia Quite cold today.Living room looks like GardenCenter.Can't plant for a while,Clemantis climbing wall 
Can't wait til tonight. Last week I waited years for, and this week is hopefully not the last time I'll watch P. Sawyer 
@arpitjacob Can't located. Already removed? 
is so saddd.  Can't tweet anymore. My laptop is broken. Help! Haha..
Getting up this morning was wayyyyyy tooooo hard. Can't wait til I can sleep during fourth. I'm tired as fuck!! Dunno why 
has no voice.  Can't take any allergy meds until I see the allergist next Monday... Jebus save me!
At a diff. office today. Can't access email here  Times like this I wish I had an iPhone
Ugh. Can't stay on top of this &quot;hydration&quot; tip that all the docs keep giving me.  I am soooo behind on my water. Drinking a ton, too!
@ShawnCBerg Can't that is the night of the meeting and greet for the PascoUserGroup.NET 
@SuperWiki It's in the sheriff's office - 4x06 Yellow Fever. http://bit.ly/10M6yH Can't get a clean shot of it 
Ugh, work computer seriously broken   Can't get the programs I use working (or Outlook, nach) but the internet is working :/
@numberwon DDDD:  Damn moving to the front!  Can't even do homeork anymore 
@yikesjames Duuuude, right? Just wait! Can't believe 6 won't be out until next year! Now I have to wait for Lost and SP!! 
Argh. Can't turn right. Just like Zoolander 
@macdigger Oh jeez that sucks. Totally not your fault but I bet they'll try to blame you   Can't you get the info directly? Telephone?
@thefore Can't make the Cavern   When u next in Bromley?
Can't understand it, every time I pick up my coffee cup to drink coffee its empty! Fill it up, busy on PC, want to drink again, its empty 
G1 just received an unexpected ota update. Can't tell what update has changed. Still can not be trusted to use Latitude 
Can't sleep   Going hiking at Yosemite this weekend!
HUNGRY! Can't get food though cuz Matt took the door key and locked the door 
I have a headache, a headache that has been with me for a week! Can't get rid of it... Great. And been going to bed real early lately 
@MadGerald Can't stand those .. Unless I'm rather drunk ... the bun goes all cardboard like 
@troozers @damiancb Can't really argue with that, she's not wrong - I just drew the Venn diagram and Tipton thought it was a pair of tits 
Beautiful weather today!!! Can't wait to spend it....indoors?!?!?!?! gotta love corporate life 
Can't believe @CharleyBoorman has been in Brisbane yesterday / today shooting a new By Any Means and I only find out now! 
Can't even sleep in my bed anymore. My chair has become my new sleeping place. After I drink to oblivion to try &amp; forget. Not working.. 
@J0sephus Can't BELIEVE you're bailing them out. V Disappointed 
@Adi74 Can't get back to sleep, no  went to bed pretty early though, was feeling crappy after raid.
Yay! It's raining in Denmark. Can't tell you how happy I am to live here. *sigh* Why don't I live in LA? 
Yay! It's raining in Denmark. Can't tell you how happy I am to live here. *sigh* Why wasn't I born in LA? 
@Stefmara Can't see it.  Said I exceeded usage. 
is enjoying last weeks Pete Tong on iPlayer as BHR streams are full!! Can't listen to our own station  - Help Us www.beachhouseradio.com
My ankel isn't chipped just bruised. It's still agoney though  Can't walk on it yet Ow 
Listening to : Can't Be Saved (Senses Fail) I know this is the second time - it's just amazing how relevant to my life this song is 
Bored bored bored of essay writing and looking for any excuse to stop. Can't I just pay someone else to finish it off? 
Blah, I hate coming back to the office to see a FedEx or UPS missed delivery notification. Can't they just leave it? 
@Sega Can't you have a giveaway for just me? WAAAAAAH!!! 
Can't believe I'm letting a stupid boy get me down. Silly silly girl 
Working all weekend...ugh  Can't wait for Ohio...
This novicane is making me feel loopy. Mg I hate the dentist.   Can't stop shaking. Help me 
needs PHYSICAL therapy!!!! Can't lift my arm!  not good...
No breakfast tacos!  But i did have sum fish, fries, &amp; a lil hamburger! Yum! Can't wait 2 go 2 Europe &amp; have some fish &amp; chips! (drool)...
@miyoung007 Can't see any of your posts on an iPhone. 
@Wolfies being sad that lebron and the cavs lost  they. Ca. Still do it tho!!!!!!!
Can't sleep. Talking to my baby on the phone...Wish he was here 
was hoping Claritin would be like some sort of Calgon experience, but not so much. Can't sleep 
Can't believe I'm at the movies for the third time in the past week lol lame. Ps hi.  miss you
http://twitpic.com/61g2b -- Can't believe Forever21 ran out of stocks for this headband.  Ugh. Dying to have one now can't seem to get it.
@estelledarlings keep rockin babe!! Can't wait to see one of your shows.. Really.. I'm just way tooooo far 
@onetaiya I know!    Go to bed.  tomorrow we will be at our goal so sleep well!!     Can't does not exist remember?  
packing for trip to Miami tomorrow!  Can't wait to lay out on the beach!  But I will miss my little girl soooooo much. 
@taylorswift13 I can sympathize. Just had knee surgery this morning. Can't walk. 
Getting dress for lunch. Can't really match the shirts and the pants.  Fashion Probs...
CTTM super tired slept from 3 plus till 7 only did clsp throughout the night. Plus fmgt. Can't wait for nxt week to come. CTs tho 
Harried flight attendants took my bag away  plane overbooked. Also taking backpack-sized bags. Why? Can't cram ppl overhead.
@squeaky_winks Had Gerbils growing up in Maryland. Can't have them now in California -- they're illegal here 
Urgh...the ducking internet is down on campus. Can't access any websites other than NAU websites. 
Chillin with the roomies. Can't wait for the zombie CLWN CR. Its gonna be 6-8 weeks 
Can't sleep. Sucks. The one day i have to sleep in and i have to get up and go shopping with mom. Ugh. 
Can't get the sound to work while on DVD. I was going to watch Mary Poppins. 
Gotta a lot of work knocked out on the project but there's one feature that just refuses to work right. Can't release next version until 
Can't sleep!!! People keep textin me!!! 
Fun game of 'Candamir' with the kids last night. Can't believe it's now our last day 
BOOYA!! Sup Tweeps!? Happy inFAMOUS day to you all, off to get it very soon. Can't wait to play, need to find some more time though 
Can't sleep...so I'm watching HGTV. I'm afraid infomercials are about to take over 
Can't sleep....  &amp; why isn't my $ in my damn account!? BofA is trippin
Can't sleep....restless mind! Agh 
Can't wait to come home! I miss my Bubba. Too bad my parents are taking him to Canada. 
Can't believe we're going through redundancies again! The government has well and truly screwed up..  Off with their heads!!
Can't believe ER is over 
It's this year. Can't catch it, won't be in NY till Oct 2010.   http://bit.ly/AF8JT
It's this year. Can't catch it, won't be in NY till Oct 2010  http://bit.ly/AF8JT
Can't seem to find the new Mountain Dew Throwback in 12 packs....only in 1 liter bottles 
working today.  Can't find my key so I had to borrow Miranda's. 
Hi there all! Can't stay to long have to go to work soon 
Can't play World in Conflict because the computer is running too slow 
Oww. Can't even describe how much my back hurts. Going to have to go to the stupid doctor. 
Can't believe this Shit! I've spend 30 minutes for for a snickers ice cream... Seems like no one does then anymore! 
@hambers It means &quot;luv ya&quot; in Zulu/Xhosa. Probably spelt it wrong lol. Can't b creative 2day ...tired  so translated
Back @ work, migraine lingering   Can't wait for the weekend!
Can't give blood within a year of getting a tattoo so I can't give...Im gutted 
@blues_traveler I want the Tix!  Oh, right.  I'm know where near Vacaville Ca. 
Next weeks dlc is fail  Can't wait for Maiden in two weeks though ;)
:O Can't believe Hannahs dead in Hollyoaks!! 
watching The Uninvited in my room. Can't wait to go home. But I have to go to the Deid first. 
Wife &amp; I split duties tonight.Wife headed to OSU for daughter's ath trng rcption. I'm at son #1's school paper banquet.Can't make both. 
Grizzly Bear Concert tonight!!!!! Can't wait. Will my cold be over by then though? 
Can't sleep rite now because of havin' so much tea!!! 2nite I've just failed the test of my Lpi course   Next week i'll make it better!
Extremely busy weekend. So much work to do.  Can't wait for Summer!!
@tinytim2701 Can't go out this weekend, 12 hours of exams next week prevent it  Got my uni summerball next Sat though, should be good!
@aaronstewart try 5 5-drawer horizontal cabinets full of non-digital fun. The SEC &amp; FINRA make my job so joyful. Can't hire temps either 
Shipwrecked all weekend  license wasn't suspended, it got cancelled. Can't take the risk driving and no one lives near me 
I wonder who that thomasvanvliet is. Maybe you can help me, because I've just inherited $20000000! Can't withdraw it 
Anyway. Can't take this shit no longer. Or my mind will blow off. 
@saraxmazing ah! NFG were super amazing! Jordan is 'pretty legit'!! Can't stay longer 2 meet everyone cuz we hv 3 hour drive home! 
@GentleSinner But I don't wanna ruin it  Can't I do it 'spontaneously' first on paper, then copy that spontaneity onto the book? Please?!
Can't I mix and match  Dumb drive in!
@momof3crazykids that's awesome. Can't believe they have the poster up Already! I haven't seen one over here yet 
Can't beat all time low.. (: I soooooo want to go to Metro Station..  Your cheap shots wont be able to break bones
@ddlovato haha. Can't wait 4 the video!!! Ur not going to keep us in suspense again w/the release date of the single r u? Please don't 
Can't believe I'm back home. I miss Japan already.  Ahh, and College is nearby!
@nine_L Can't find any &quot;Everyone&quot; link 
Can't wait for home. Still sleepy. 
Can't watch Leno because I'm preparing for a possible presentation in class tomorrow 
Can't believe the tonight show with Leno is over   I can't wait for his next one in Sept.
So sad. Can't find Harvest Moon. 
Up... Can't sleep...too bad for nuggets  I was going for Melo..plus I despise kobe and the lakers, LOL!!
Can't believe Im awake at this time 
Can't get the Bryant throwback no where online... I'm assuming it's worse @ the mall 
Can't get into it tonight. Kinda just want to go to sleep. 
Can't sleep!  Miami is awesome though!! Very pretty at 2am LOL
Laptop got confiscated  just came home from tuition and he is such a turn off! Can't stand it :/
I can't find my GG cd!! I wanna cry  Can't find it, so i'm here. Internet again :O
is sad that Leno won't be doing the tonight show anymore  Can't wait for his new show in September
Can't Sleep For Shit 
@sufw @Jae28 oh bummer! That sucks  Can't do a late entry?
@ToxicMelvin Can't do anything right now. Have to wait for my toe nails to dry 
Can't wait to see my doggie! Sad to leave channy  but glad I'll see her soon when she moves in  good to go for he weekend
Can't sleep.  I have to wake up at 7am. Ugh
Can't sleep. Again. 
@asobercompanion sorry you're spamming my page. Can't handle that. Great info but chill out with the one after another. 
Can't find GG.  I'm gonna watch confessions of a shopaholic
Anyone recommend nice steak restaurant in SG? Want to take out GF tonight for her birthday. Can't find an Argentine one here. 
Can't believe I'm at work.  badly need coffee. Must be home before Super 14 final!
Can't sleep! Surprise Surprise 
Can't sleep watching Fresh prince of bel air. Missing her and how things used to be 
Bigggest Headache  Can't sleeeeep! I won't be having a lot of sleeep :/
@zackalltimelow Oh my bug, that is a tear jerker  Can't wait to see you guys in Aust (Y)
Can't sleep... Too much on my mind 
Can't sleep. Shoulder hurts 2 much. 
@StephenHannaway Can't go to MnD's. Forgot I was going to a big football match with my family. 
@AFMikey413 I ? the fact that you always remember me when you listen to Girls Aloud/The Saturdays. Can't find remix tho.  send?
@Gass101 Can't, I'm in work 
Can't believe how sad the beached whales story in CT is  My heart breaks!
Can't sleep!!! Thinkin what 2 write about I tell stories in my songs and right now I can't think of one 
Can't shake the guilty feeling of dropping HJ off with the grandparents for the whole night 
Watching Showgirls on Logo, lol...Can't sleep 
no more feeling like I want to kill him. Kinda miss him right now. Can't see him besok because he has a shoot 
@jiantan we're having an awesome time! Can't believe we have to head back to Vancouver in just a couple of days. 
Soooo bored today! Can't face more revision right now!  x
@carlocasas Can't wait to hit the beach too. Though I'm worried about the banca ride since it's raining so hard. There goes my tan again. 
On my way to LHR. Hope Taipei is not too hot and humid. Can't bear leaving the wife and son. The poor lad is crying like a baby 
Breakfast, then a pretty full day.  Can't make the game after all, since the time changed and I got no email. 
Horrible crick i've got in my neck today. Got it last night zipping up the side of a dress?  Can't move head without pain 
Can't get out of bed today. Sigh. I have things to do.. 
Can't believe Misha doesn't like the nickname Cas 
Can't believe I'm gonna miss the BGT finals! Won't know who wins unitl tomorrow! 
@sevensteps not sure actually, itv.com might be the first place to look. Nearly over now though. Can't see everton scoring. 
Can't give blood for a year since I went to Thailand!!  oh well the trip was worth it!!
any tell me how to fix pic. Can't seem to put up image. Stuck with ? mark. 
Can't believe slept until 11..ugh! Now I have homework 
Stuck in frickin Clydebank due to a line fault so the trains aren't running... Can't face another 12mile cycle 
Popped my caps lock key -probably a miss-hit from WoW -Can't get it back on though 
Can't blog on blogger from my iPhone browser. Phone doesn't recognize the entry field as someplace to enter text; won't pull up keyboard 
@Luv4Pups I think it's spasms, I've had it twice now. Had to go to bed just to try &amp; forget it. Very annoying! Can't handle new symptoms 
 at the hosp, waiting on my taxi. Been waitin over 30 mins now. Can't believe i'm crying :/
At the barber getting a haircut! Got to wait cause there's a long line up.  Can't wait to get rid of these two puff daddies at the sid ...
Can't test Finale 2010 without a Resources Folders. 
At &quot;Up&quot; and the 3D is an instant migraine trigger. Sigh. Can't watch w/ the glasses or without. 
Trying to remember the title of a book I read years ago. Can't recall anything specific enough to find it using Google.  
Can't believe how many booths there are at the TR chili fest today.  Most have meat though 
I have been in class for 5 1/2 hours and still have a hour and a half to go   Can't wait til summer school is OVER!!!
Massive stomach cramps on 10 mi run. Made Stacey leave me. Managed to finish, but totally sucked. Can't win them all I suppose. 
@lesley007 Hi huni. How's ur day been. Since you finiding your phone I've gone and lost my fecking car keys !!!!! Can't find em anywhere 
Can't believe I got a truckers tan today and a white strip going across my chest from the seat belt. Tampin man 
@jadebarber All of them. Can't choose  BGT
Can't wait until #BGT is over. It's really filling up my timeline. 
Didn't win the lottery! Lot of use Jin was for me. 2 numbers and 2 very close. Can't justify voting for 3 bgt acts now 
@GLEETV it would be nice if the songs were not locked to US Itunes. Can't get them from the french store 
http://twitpic.com/6a428 Can't believe I can't get it on Kindle. 
Can't find anything in the freezer to BBQ!!! 
DARNIT. I bought a lock for the gym. SWEAR I wrote the combo down... Can't find it 
@SonicThrust Whaaaat  That's SO mean, I hate cutting the grass. Can't I just hire some gardeners and pay them via strip show?
Can't find my DSi...I may of left it in my sisters car...tho it's away getting fixed 0_0 will I get it back?!? 
@LauraSummers how's Susan doing? Can't receive ITV here... 
Sore sore sore  but I get to spend time with kids and get a massage.. Can't be all bad!!
@miamii Oh ok. Can't or just don't want to? 
Can't wait for Japan Day tomorrow! Last year was great. So will this year, although, I'll be missing my partner in crime.  #japanday
@JLSOfficial Can't wait to hear the album!! I got sunburnt  proper hurts  Aston (L) Lu x x
Can't wait to watch Harper's Island tonight with the bestie!!  &amp; can't belive that JONAS isn't on again... 
@lillaboogie No idea! Looks like they just weren't into us last night   Plenty of folks were though. Can't please em all!
@EP31 Wait...a HABS voodoo doll??  Can't you aim your rage at more Penguins instead? Because that was fun for the whole family!
@TaraBrady Can't take the credit!  B did it for me!  All of the variations of Eileen Brady were gone 
Gunna miss you Corporal. Can't believe your gone. Was an HONOUR to serve with you. R.I.P.   
@TheRealRoseNoir The show was amazing.  2 hour set.  Was hard not to thrash much hehe.  But didn't mosh. Can't agitate back injury 
@RandomProdInc Yeah I guess. Making a decent video seems well hard at the moment. Can't think of anything, tried yesterday and nothing 
Can't play rock band Nick broke it. 
Can't get back to sleep! Aaaaaah! Up at 6:39 
#Fail Whale over 20x, Something technically wrong over 12x. Can't get on @twitter for over 45 minutes!! UGH!! 
Bummed!! Can't make It to the summ-changa... 
Ugh, I'm a little frustrated right now. I'm in a strange city. Basically been kicked to the curb. Have no clue what 2 do. Can't get stuff 
Can't see Paradiso Girls tonight. 
Going to bed. Jaw and ear are hurting. Can't figure out - tooth issue or ear infection. Either way, yay! 
Can't upload pics of tonight's ultra-cute dog visitor from phone.  Unhappy AT&amp;T network.
Can't wait to see my Momma again  am missing her bad tonite.      :-} ThReE11FaN :-}
Can't find a decent twitter app for Ubuntu 
Don't think about jenn, don't think about jenn, don't think about jenn. Can't even do it. 
Can't sleep.  Never gonna make it to early AM yoga.  
@AmberlinaM Can't download atm as my net is going slow as  I've downloaded nearly all the eppy's of Re:Brand though.
I missed SNL.  oh well.. about to go to bed. Can't wail till i get to go to the beach.
Can't talk to BF. Thought Crickets was the only place I could go without preggos. WRONG. 
@Christyxcore Nice. I use to have a pair of etymotics. Can't wear in ear buds since my accident. They erritate and hurt my left ear 
Can't find paramore... Jo!!!!!!!  help
Can't sleep. Taking drowsy medicine 
@Only4Buzzy I miss my tweeties when I'm gone...   Can't get out of it tho and really should help when I can.
Going fishing wif e boys later. Have a great weekend everyone. Can't wait for ring tomorrow but am going to Malaysia. 
Can't stop crying. Talk of putting our dog to sleep. 
@suzhalliburton  Craig Way has GOT to be losing his mind. Can't listen here in office, Flash not updated. 
Can't connect to Chikka 
So bored of revising. Still, one day left till my last 'proper' exam. I've so failed my degree! Can't handle these exams 
Can't believe i just turned down presets tix. SIGH. Sucks 
Finally made it to Wales about 12. Had a brew and feel tired. Can't sleep as too hot. 
Aahh WTF am I still doing up? Can't sleep... 
Can't get back to sleep.      and I ate CJ's Snickers bar... I'm like a closet obese person. ;)
Can't be Nancy this weekend  No dress.
@StuartGarrard Man, that sucks about Kennedy.  Can't say that I'm hugely shocked, between the injuries &amp; interview comments, but still...
@lemonsareyellow Can't wait!! I know MJ doesn't die though, it sounds scary though. 
Can't sleep for some reason. Ugh wtf 
@Kera_Peach *looks* Can't see them. 
Welp the ol' 1st gen iPhone sorta died on me! The bottom row of buttons are totally unresponsive! Can't open phone or hit send txt! 
@aeroform Naptime for me. Can't keep my eyes open. 
Can't find JM and is a little sad 
Can't sleep.  4:45AM and the sun is already up.  Le sigh.  This fever is not going to heal this way.  
No professional lighting, no touchups, you can even see all the grey hair! The REAL Deal!! EGHHHHHHH!! Kids!....Can't have anything!! 
Noooooo!! Can't believe Ruby got sent home on NZ Top Model  and Hosanna stayed!!!
Went out &quot;clubbing&quot; last night. I felt old! Can't sleep this morning 
Ugh! Internet connection has a problem. Can't connect properly. 
Nooo. I left my #codwaw at my friends house. Can't get it back until tomorrow 
Omg that was only 4 hours ago.. So it was at 5 my friends were scaring the poor employees. Can't sleep too much alcohol 
Boo it's gonna rain all week. Can't wash my clothes. 
Can't wait for the MTVmovie awards! Won't see it till tomorow though.  Soo hope Twilight gets best kiss. Will be sooo funny!
Can't decide if I like the morning shift or not. Time crawls by  Yuuuuck. But at least I'll be done a las tres.
Can't stay up late tonight. I'm back home, and house rules are rushing to greet to me. Signing off now. *sigh* 
Can't find the &quot;Chubby And Proud&quot; t-shirt in grown up sizes 
Writing code. Can't tear myself away. I have a semester exam tomorrow. AND I DONNO CRAP 
Can't believe my dog, Riley is 1 year old... he's growing 
Miss my baby boy pretty much. Can't meet him for a span of time, cause he have to work in these two weeks of hols. IMISSYOU 
Did not sleep well. Can't wait til B gets home. I miss him too much 
Ruh-roh. Can't find my blackberry. Still need to transfer those numbers. 
@seifip Oh dear. I think it's broken again. I'll try to fix it. Can't wait to replace this theme 
@popthemusicdrug @joshcheung si beh ons lor? Nite, nite all. Tomolo 1st day start new job liao. Can't play, play  ZZZZZzzzlullaby...
Just added a Geek Chart to the bottom of my blog http://monarchlibrarian.blogspot.com/ Can't believe I haven't blogged since Dec 
Damn it... Anyone got a way to generate logarithmic distributed random numbers in java? Can't find an algorithm 
Going to see Doug cause I'm bored. Can't figure out this MIDI crap. 
@slmar  Pulling my hair out trying to set up HRM!! Do you know where on webtrainer I should go to set it up? Can't find answers on site 
Can't believe Nadal lost at the french open. The world is going to end   
@Allyeatscat ok. Can't get my socks off.   and circulation real bad. Instant purple when I put my legs on floor. Crawled to bathroom 
Looking at my Dad's obituary in the Vancouver Province right now. Can't stop crying. He's gone...he's really gone.... 
Wading in the river. Can't go all the way in  but I still love it. Sooo beautiful.
In Memory of one of the coolest kittehs around!: http://twurl.nl/ufbwm8 - I miss you, Gracie! Can't believe it's been 2 yrs already! 
Can't finish my damn homework. Fifty more questions to go. I want to play xbox 
Can't go to the @Jukeboxtheghost in Buffalo. Everytime they are around I have to work or dont hear about it till later. 
Hopped bak in da beedddddd! Feelin crappy! Can't wait 4 this to pass 
@atwossybookclub I'm still waiting for Exit Wounds to arrive in the post!! Can't contribute because I've not read it yet. 
Babysitting  Can't go to the river wiff Crystal 
Can't believe it's already 3 pm on Sunday.  Where did the weekend go?  I'm not ready to go back to work.  
@alexbcann U must tweet and fill me in on your antix. BTW was Scruffs ever decided? Can't believe my beautiful little Skye got nowhere 
@guavamusic ooooooooo Langland Bay, how nice. Yeah bout that time, was up at 8 then cleaning  Can't sleep in heat
Hurt back. Can't move. Not good 
We're back in Maine now. Can't believe we left MA and it was 80 and sunny and 2 hours l8tr its 60 and pouring. 
Can't belive Mass Effect made me choose, I wanted them both 
Playing Street Fighter IV. It kicks ads. Can't wait for E3! Too bad it's during school 
OMG! Can't wait for tomorrow! But i'm gonna be sad  on Wed. cuz Linz is leaving!!!
Can't believe the weekend is already over. Back to work too soon. 
Can't believe tomorrow will be the last time I will see GA til who knows when 
Had a great weekend! Can't believe it's almost over  *sigh* oh well
Can't get on facebook, so no controversial critiques this week   Still....
@Mambini Can't eventhough I'd LOOOOOVE to... Hmm... damn 
Can't find Angel 
Can't wait for The Hills finale!! Well I guess I can... it won't be the same without @LaurenConrad 
@shade123 Can't use your acc, it timed out!!  Really good picture! He looks mean and nasty!!
Can't sleep...  but that means 1 thing... iPod time 
@scott_lilwall Can't.  Work 
Can't sleep  Haven't slept for two days now
I can't believe #Phish finally played Destiny Unbound again &amp; I wasn't there.  Can't wait for 2nd set &amp; the downloads! Enjoy pholks!
Can't breathe thru my nose. All stuffed up. Eating is torture. I suffocate a little every time I try to chew and swallow 
Walking home from mrt.. So warm lah! Can't stand itttt  had like 15 min of quality time with Baby just now. Wa she's so cute! But she  ...
Watching the hills. Can't believe Lauren is leaving. I really don't want her to. 
Net not working on my comp. Can't set up iTunes. 
WE DON'T HAVE MTV ANYMORE??????????? omg....this dish thing sucks! Can't watch the movie awards   
Can't see MTV movie awards  !!!
found a tiny kitten while walking tonight. Can't keep it - Molly freaked out.  Sooooo cute, though! Hoping to pawn it off on Gil. 
Ugh I think that shade of lipstick is discontinued. Can't find it anywhere. Got the Kat Von D one &quot;Stilleto&quot; but its not as cool 
@CaliLewis thank again for Wordcamp talk. Can't make meet up  at home with a tired 11 month old. Have fun!
@xodreamscometru Yay! Can't wait to watch it at 1am! I have a feeling I'm going to cry because of Lauren's last ep. 
New kitty! Can't find my Pineapple Express DVD so now I have to study 
Ahhh I am having the not-so-good day. Can't somebody cheer me up? My DVD player is not working&amp; the intrnet connection sucks!! 
Can't sleep. Julianne is confined at a hospital due to phlegm congestion. Only one parent can stay overnight 
Can't sleep  listening to Christopher Brown, @drakkardnior, @jeremih, @brutha, @threaljibbs &amp; old slow jams!
@tezzer57  Can't get SuBo link to work...
Can't sleep.  Sad face 
Can't seem to sleep. Being nocturnal sucks 
@Pinot007 cramps from having my gastrocnemius (calf muscle) sliced through, dropped down &amp; stapled in.  And it hurts bad. Can't sleep 
Can't fall asleep  listening to some comedian jim. Pretty funny
feeling like such a TWAT!!! Can't believe i forgot...oops 
@ddlovato Ha Love you Demi! Can't wait for your album! come to HAwaii 
Still. Can't. Sleep. Very upset about that bc I have a lot to do tomorrow 
Shit. Can't believe I forgot I had a driving lesson in an hour .  Am so ill! But I can't cancel or he'll charge me 
@noniwhite Ach! Can't believe I'm just getting back to you. Life's fine, but boring. Just working since graduation.  Exams go well?
Can't wait for Sims 3! But I'm not allowing myself to buy it until my exams are finished, boo 
Exhausted and sore.. Can't seem to get enough sleep. 
I think it's a virus... Can't fine the downloaded antivirus though. Boohoo... 
Good morning... 2 full days till surgery! Can't wait to get it over with already I'm sick of being in pain all the time 
@Schmooz Absolutely agree. It's mad. Can't believe I'm now done with my second year of Uni 
@Natures_Voice Thanks. Can't say it's cheered me up any about the lack of butterflies. Seems the problem is even worse than I realised 
In work! How nice is it outside? So Lovley! Can't even go sit outside, i'm burnt and don't want to make it worse  x
did anyone see an article on garden chicken keeping in the Telegraph over the weekend (or today)? Can't find it anywhere 
Can't freaking sleep. What is wrong with me? Oh, that's right, it's E3 Microsoft press conference day! DESPERATELY wish I were there... 
Can't wait for dinner time. Starving! 
30 minute connection at Reading Station  Can't figure out wifi access on my O2 PAYG broadband,. but 3G is just fine...
Can't find the silver honu toe ring I got in Hawaii. 
Can't believe how gorgeous the weather is! Although I just caught a glimpse of myself in a shop window and I needa sort myself out  !
@Lauren2206 Well hows the head lol?  Can't say im the most fantastic condition today.  Really wish i was out in the sun 
@jmebbk you seen Wiley's album yet? Can't find it and it's not been shipped from play.com  got Skepta's and @ItsBashy
@LittleFletcher :o me too! I was like jumping up and down on my seat! lol Can't beleive it doesnt come out till November! 
With throatache. Damn it! Can't sing da cover 
@sharonimo15 Weather is lovely. Can't say work is though  But heading out for chinese later
Plan for the next three days, finish these costume comissions!!!!  Can't post pictures to show you guys till after their competiton 
@Endochick Legally you can only rent-strike after court papers demanding change have been filed.  Can't afford the papers 
Can't wait to get back to work. Spent the long weekend moping over what I'm missing on the other side of the world.. &amp; failing to revise. 
Can't wait for project graduation this friday! Ug. My seniors are leaving me.  can't wait till i graduate next year!
Can't believe that The Real Deal just played on his radio.  To think my band almost opened for them, man did we miss our big shot 
Does N E 1 use MetroPCS, or have unlimited txting? Can't wait to split with T-mobile. Bill was an extra $50 this month from txt overage. 
Can't find the VMA's online, I NEED to watch it! 
@YoungQ Have fun in rehearsal today!! Can't wait until my first show! The 19th is so far away. 
Can't effin focus! Auditing charts sucks when you have a headache. 
@robluketic ? Can't I see this? Have an I phone 
Pulled a leg muscle. Can't swim today. 
I would love to see the Am Idol tour. Can't afford it. Tickets are too expensive for me.  
Just got off the phone w/my nephew Dominic, iMiss my baby  Can't wait to go see him and the rest of the munchkins
says Can't find anyone to watch &quot;Up&quot; with me.  I will have to go drag my mother and treat her to watch the m... http://plurk.com/p/xpnru
Can't decide if I'm hot or cold  So I'm wearing shorts and a vest top, and a hoody, under my duvet
missed her Tia Favy. Can't believe it's been two years 
Can't enter a Lion King contest cuz I'm not a D23 member and it costs money to become a member 
dear @evernote: what's the deal with A4 sized PDFs.  Can't zoom and they're way too small to even read in the viewer... 
Hmmm. Can't upload my new twitter profile background 
@rjakesdub Can't tell you how happy I am to live in The Netherlands! But here is also some new tendency to go back in time. Christian gov 
Watchin the bernie mac show. Can't believe dude really gone. Its just not normal!!!! 
Amanda coming home tomorrow! I'm picking her up from the airport! Can't wait to see her again, missed her so much 
@bessyn Can't buy the Don Julio here  Re: GF can't recall the last time I listened to C100 LOL. Will switch over at work &amp; have a listen.
@dwgirl617 I am just at work. I came in late, so I am staying late. Will probably be here til 7.  Can't wait to hear the stories!
Youch! I just bashed my little toe and it's neighbour on the dining table leg! Can't tell if it's badly bashed or broken. Hope not broken 
rumor is tweetreach data was used in an Ad Age article about Eminem. maybe this one? http://bit.ly/NrUNh  Can't read w/out subscription 
Watchin The Hills season finale! Can't blve its over. Feeling Tres Emotionall!!  xo
Looks like I'm having a Frosty for dinner tonight. Can't eat anything hot 
Can't go to PAX this time. 
Can't go to the Underclassmen Award night b/c the truck has a flat tire. 
Can't find Geoff twitter 
Waiting for yhe comcast guy to fix my cable... Mean while he unhooked the Internet! Can't work from my iPhone too well. 
Finished on the Bubble. Can't believe it. What a Bummer 
Can't seem to concentrate on this fic. Will come back to it in the morning. 
@NashForFree I don't see why he didn't, quite frankly! Can't believe I didn't know about the WannaBeatles! I'm not a good follower. 
Can't believe how much money is being poured into GM and how many jobs are being lost in the process 
@stooey  @racecarboobtat @qtguy that's sad. How the hell do we LOSE a jet! Can't rescue survivors if you can't find them. 
E3 getting me super excited!!! Can't wait til the UBIsoft and Sony Press conferences! Dunno if sony can top xbox this year 
First update. Can't upload a profile picture. *Cue melancholic emotion expressed in e-code* 
Can't sleep.  Feck.
@triplejmornings stop teasing us and tell us what warholes song you're playing! I'm interested but Can't listen to the Radio at work 
Freakin' crazy day omg! Can't wait til 9pm so i can go home and sleep! My tummy hurts! 
Gotta love the new alan carr advert! Can't wait to watch the new show!! Just messin about on the pod, bad times I can't sleep 
BF on a rampage. I think I'll go out for a bit. Can't make it late. I open the fruit stand Tuesday morning.  @... http://loopt.us/DVzP6Q.t
Can't believe my bestie is leaving me to live in the sweltering, humidity of Florida in just 6 days    doooooon't goooooooooo CASEY!
@tmrobertca Can't see or feel any, she's just hurting and bleeding. Waiting forever in ER and no pain meds yet (or dinner). No Dr. yet 
Can't believe it's over   Back to reality tomorrow.
Driving home  the cape was soo much fun. Can't wait to go back. Now back to the real world......
Can't focus. Bugger.    
Can't wait to go out and have some fun, but I want more friends on Twitter.... 
@AFMPeetah Take some good pics!!! Can't wait to see them...I can't be there 
Can't wait to hear the new #dmb album, but will cry a little bit knowing that Leroi is gone 
 really sad about air France flight. My heart goes out to their friends &amp; family. Can't believe it just disappeared...creepy :/
@MannythePirate The trailer?  I saw it on MTV last night.  And read the book.    Can't wait!
Can't sleep; too keyed up from bowling. Won 1 &amp; lost two -- each loss by ONE PIN. No playoffs for Bowl Derek  (But M+I made individuals)
@mishioo I wanna come too  my Internet at homes being really gay. Can't seem to connect to anything. Urgh.
@sarcasmoo Ye gods! Can't believe you didn't get to bed until 9am! What is this?! Yeah  Last week of classes, and exams after that so I ..
Broke my tooth again. Cut tongue on said tooth. Can't play online tonite 
@mike03253 he's doing the tonight show already? Dear gawd I better turn off auto record on my sky+ box. Can't stand that man 
Bio is going to kill me tomorrow. Can't focus long enough to study 
@jangae Thanks a lot. Can't open it though....not available in Germany 
@jcafarley Can't wait, except someone might be coming over to view my flat at 7ish, so I night have to miss the Sony one.  #e3.
Ashes to ashes was brilliant! I so didn't want it to be Chris.  Can't wait for next week!!!!
God how is the gym on base crowded at this time of night????? Can't even get on a treadmill 
Can't train Minmatar Industrial on a trial account? Not fair.. That's a lot of extra trips back to the station while mining without it 
Can't sleep, too much on my mind  I hate that... Esp when my 2 boys are sleeping soundly next to me
Can't freakin sleep!!  Ugh 
Watching the Jimmy Fallon show. Can't sleep 
Stupid vibrating window, driving me mad, don't know how Walton copes. Can't get to make up from other bedroom: people may still be asleep 
@angelogonzales I'm sure your Jasper is fine.. Can't say the same for the piano 
Can't wait for Origin I. Pity those pesky Victorians get it 
Can't sleep when my baby's not here. Ugh. 
@CHRISDJMOYLES How do i download Nana Window? Can't find it on the radio 1 website!! Doin my head in  x
@SECURITYJ It was soooo good! Can't believe Chris though, I love him...  Wonder how it's all going to end...
Seriously disappointed by MS's new EyeToy. Can't understand the hype. 
Can't find my blackberry charger. Switched to my broken g1 for the time being. Blaaaah I miss thing 
Watching Futurama. Can't make myself go to sleep 
Can't log in to my Flickr account via a proxy website. Guess it's back to using Privoxy/Tor. Slow though  #GFW
Can't believe I have to work today in this nice weather  Least it's only for three hours.
@TheSims3 Can't play it yet  Won't get out in nore before the 4. Unfair 
Why am I awake at 630am? Can't fall back to sleep because I can't stop sneezing! Damn allergies  ugh!!!
Can't imagine, the passengers of air France  
@katjasbored - My week so far is ... OK . Can't complain ! The weather is poor tho  Rain ...
Urgh. Still got plague. Can't even enjoy the great weather nicely. Wish I had a garden. 
Ugh. If anyone can shed some light I'd appreciate it. Can't find any malicious code, I'm hosted on Mosso so can't command line find 
Temporary background! Can't change the colors! 
Can't get Poker Face by Lady Ga Ga out of my head 
@MattKelland @alaninantwerp Can't change it. Locks me out of account. Forces password change. No help from Twitter. 
@MarketingUK Did you manage to get your tongue on one?? Can't find any around Piccadilly Circus... 
So sick   Raw throat. Can't breathe. Curse you, germy people on airplanes.
@Tittch Can't see ANY new images on DA... 
@skydiver never! Can't put the same level of love and attention the mix tape required. Totally different animal. Sad extinction 
Wishing that I didn't have to go anywhere today.  Doing a newspaper interview during preschool. Can't wait until it's over. Windy outside.
@YoungQ Holla from CJ in Minnesota!  Can't wait for the Irvine show!  Gotta travel since you left MN out this tour!  
@greekshow I will be catching it online tonight. I wish we had ABC Family in Canada  Can't wait to see the episode!
Leaving for NIN in 5 minutes!  Can't find the subway tokens I'd saved so nicely though 
Can't find my bathing suit! Poopie! 
wishes The Dares were on Rhapsody.  Can't even search for 'em.
What to do? Can't make up my mind! Got work to do but I just want to sit in the sun... and the Stella is calling  Http://the-port.co.uk
Can't believe the English sun!  Oh how I love country walks, didn't see any hedgehogs 
Ahhhh. I'm still struggling w/celebration ideas 4 our anniversary 2night... Can't find a sitter either.  Any ideas?
Camp food shopping done!  Can't believe no one stole my bike.  #workworks  http://yfrog.com/7gd6xj
Can't understand why some folk are so evil. Just saw a woman being attacked and thrown into the back of her own car 
2 miles, 25:09. Not aching or in pain from all the exercise but am CONSTANTLY STARVING. Can't stop thinking about food! 
firealarm at CS bldg.. Can't print my project which is due soon. 
going to bed now - what will the weather do tomorrow? Can't be doing with rain!  Off to Sunny Burnham in the morning 
Where are my brushes? Actually they're my sister's brushes and I lost them. Oooops... Can't find them 
All set up for the Show.   Need a bigger booth.  Lots of wonderful people.  And I would love to go to Florida with my sister.  Can't 
Aw cheers @Sharnnn, Can't call him, no international numbers  &amp; yeah forget about Taylor she won't reply. so lame.
Can't sleep  I think I need to stop sleeping until lunchtime or after. It's BAD. Bah!
@conrey Can't make it to refreshphoenix. Stuck on a webinar because I thought it wasn't happening. 
@yelyahwilliams flippin tix sold out in West Palm  Really wanted to go and scream my heart out.... Can't afford reserved seats, only lawn
Can't fall asleep... I'm nervous, but I can't give up on my prayer. Help 
Can't deploy to one server from my new laptop with capistrano. Deployment to other servers or to that one from my other comps work 
@EVILFux I am so behind tech wise.  Can't wait until I can afford a PS3.    I almost wet myself when they demoed some of those games.  lol
@diciannove Having pms breakouts, ci.. Can't even budge from bed 
Can't wait for tomorrow! I miss Vanessa. 
Can't seem to be able to play my beloved GH tonight!!!  Poor me.
is not loving Sims 3 on the laptop.  Can't control it.
Can't sleep. Need Advil. I think sleeping on a pull-out couch is starting to have a very negative effect on my back. 
Can't sleep... Wish Austin was here! Even though he's right next door it seems like he's so far away. 
. @karlyross Can't believe you heard that all the way at your house. Clear &amp; quiet night. 
Can't wait for this crappy rain to go away. It's making my hair frizzy and I'm having heaps of bad days. Sigh. 
zzzzzzz. Sigh that time again. Can't sleep. 
My Sister's Keeper is so good so far. Can't put it down but don't wanna keep reading b/c I know it has such a sad ending! 
Shutter sticking. Very thin white stripe down side of image. Can't get it serviced until after fort bill. Backup camera nailed too 
Can't sleep again!  Guess i should go to work.  
Can't enable desktop effects! PS3 display driver issues! No wobbly windows  Also rez is stuck to a strange 1124x644, but 16:9 it is.
@BreannaThomas Can't get tweets to the mobile in China   I saw Bernie will visit, tell him I said hello.
@hedgemint Had a cigarette holder when I still smoked! Can't do black khol, though, eyes too big  Will have double red wine instead )
So sad to be leaving Munich.  Can't wait to update our blog with highlights!
@maikaduriel GH: Tallica was dogshit. Boring note charts and terrible supplemental songs.  Can't wait for Beatles RB.
@Dojie I'll DM him ;) Can't believe he's still alive after all these hits don't people ever die? Got to go in a  sec 
Can't believe I spent the last 2 days away from Twitter! And now I am sad at some twittering that got done 
Mornin peeps...fone line n broadband finally back on...was PISSED! Can't believe it wasnt workin for soooo long! I have missed so much 
@ComputerArts cool! Can't wait, will take longer to get to Holland 
Can't seem to concentrate this morning. Feeling achy. Thinking maybe I didn't escape con-crud after all 
@lawhooper No. Can't afford to do anything  I couldn't even buy flowers. Luckily we had roses in the garded!
Internet seems to be down today  Oh and mep camp tomorrow! Can't wait 
Can't sit around reading tweets   Have to get ready for work.  Watching news...hope Obama  does not bow to Saudi king again!
@sirwiggum I went to JJB; @malcurion still does. Good facilities but quite dear so assuming it's not the same one. Can't afford anymore 
Back from dinner &amp; my muscles are still aching from training  Can't wait for you t be back.
@haygingerhay @kirstykay Can't. Have nowhere to stay/not enough money to get me there   plus stupid swine flu grrr I want ATL 
@tobinharris Does yUML support Interface + Class description at the same time? Can't get it working so far  --&gt; [&lt;&lt;T&gt;&gt;;TImpl|pi|getPi()]
@paulmsmith dude! Can't make footy this week  going to Vikki's mums for the weekend so wont be back in time! defo up for week after tho
@tommcfly Can't stay up much longer, its getting late. I was just hoping you'd reply to me tonight.  ohh Well, still know i love you. xx
Can't believe some people still have sunshine...it's grey and chilly in Wales 
The day is almost over. Can't wait to go home and play Sims2  hmmm...not *wail*
Can't seem to stop thinking about mistakes in earlier exam and as a result failing to revise for next weeks exams. Bad times guys  xx
Morning prayers, Mass and donuts.  The only thing missing is Jeanine.  Can't wait until we can be together every morning!
Can't sign in to Yammer. 
Ok, that's a lot of links. No more for now..I need to head home. The bus ride is not fun. Can't listen to podcasts on the way 
hello everyone! I've been so swamped over here I haven't been able to play with Twitter in over a week  Can't wait to see what's going on!
Bed. Can't sleep cause I'm too cold one moment then overheating 2 secs later -_- I hate being sick 
morning prayers &amp; Mass...missing Jason.  Can't wait to be married &amp; together every day!
Really tired... Can't concentrate. Curse me and my lack of sleep last night... 
Back from the vet. Can't find anything wrong with him, other than having severe case of the blues ......poor puddin cat 
Kind of interesting; 1st day &amp; 1/2 of around us was supportive, but now starting to see some boo-birds.  Can't pls every1 I guess. 
AAAAAARGH!!!! Can't wait for the 3D Movie! But first, I have to pass my final test 
Okay so  today I fell ouch! Friend told me I'm a bad friend cuz I'm too busy to hang, and joeee's ignoring me! Can't take much more peeps
3 E/W horse bets today. 1st got backed into 1.04 to place and didn't  just hit the winner of the 5.10 Nottingham @ 7.50. Can't complain!
@ST_Rachel When will IEPs exist to help students rather than to grind parents into dust? Can't think of a parent who likes the process. 
Gotta wait for 3 and half hours for my ride home  Can't wait to get my own car 
@YoungQ Can't get in - saying an access code is needed.    Can you help?
@kishizuka Hi Kathy! thanks for r/t. Can't believe i didn't see you during BEA. 
Too much glare on my monitor. Can't adequately play Rainbow Six 
Last day with my sweet, amazing Lakewood kids. Can't believe this is it 
Ate something lady night that doesn't agree with me. Can't do anything about it... Still alone at work 
@skooo Can't find any  Only the SD cards that go in the actual r4, not the r4 itself
Can't believe David Carradine offed himself.  I'm very sad...
Picked up the sister from church education things for da little kids. Headed home. Can't bike today, as it's raining 
Bored!!!!!! Can't sleep with this stupid cough! 
Can't send emails all of a sudden from my phone. Thanks MediaTemple.  Mail app on Mac works just fine
Home, sad that I don't have my Tap.  Can't wait to go back.
@cdlowell Not cool of them. Sorry, guys. Can't say as it's unexpected in my experience with AA, but that doesn't make it any better. 
Annoyed that 1 of my all time favourite bands Fleetwood Mac (legends) are not playing Newcastle. Can't make to any of their other venues 
@dynila On 79. Bad wreck happened just in front of us. I'm about to dance naked to distract kids. Can't turn here, sitting 
Can't access the internet right now and that makes him sad. After all we've been through you just get up and leave without a word? 
Can't even file.  Office currently looks like a war zone.  Big boss in a meeting so I can't ask to leave 
mad coz Scotravel went bust! Can't go 2 Turkey  x
Soooo lethargic today.  Can't seem to wake up 
So far spent all day studying and doing laundry  Can't wait for Koi tonight
Worst day ever.  Can't wait to get home and turn on #lost.
Just received email from Books on Board with $1 romance titles. Can't get any of them. Geographical rights   Getting very frustrated!
Can't wait for Demi Lovotos new CD! wish i could go to the concert! 
i'm soo late with ER. The last episode I saw was the one with Geprge Clooney. Can't belive is ending 
@tommcfly haha you do tweet a lot! Tom, what do you think I should name my guitar? Can't think of a good name  help me, please! xx
WISH i was doing #TTL with @CloslaChance but don't have the wines  Can't decide what to drink instead!
Missing Jake... Can't get that image out of my head.  Love you buddy.
Can't sleep, Lack of Tweets recently :/ soooo bored got to get up in... 6ish hours 
@sashaski Can't see it,  am over in America   
@rodriguezequal Aw poor JackJack.  Is he ok? Adrian says he's ok. we're leaving here next Saturday! Can't wait to see you!
@cynbaby Can't fix reviews until I get home/have electricity. Work = &quot;porn&quot; filter. 
Can't believe E3 is over for another year. Feels like it's over before it even started   #e3
Damn, my favourite t-shirt is all sold out in my size. Can't stock up.  http://is.gd/PAu8
@N_Scherzinger mourning. Can't be at the concert on the 11th! 
Paul did a mini photo shoot at eugene ... Probably can't post pics until tomorrow ... Can't find camera's usb cable  #at
Can't believe Britney has been &amp; gone!!! Wish I cud do it all over again 
I loved tonight  Good friends and hilarious times. Can't be arsed with pathetic people anymore i'm over it. Off to bed, up in 4 hours 
@sharmainerae I keep looking for the David build a bear shirts too! Can't find it!  Its online though I think
@stefinraleigh My phone gets such terrible reception @ home I have to go OUTSIDE to talk. Can't wait til our contract is up...in A YEAR! 
@txcranberry  Can't upload to FB... they are having trouble!!!   Bummer!
@mrfish007 Awww Donald. I Can't believe that is U leaving too 
Boo. Can't go back to the main account yet. 
I wish I had prom   Dinner @ johnny carinos' was yummy (thanks to my bf)! Can't wait to wear my hot new swim-suite!
Arghhhh! So bloody busy. Can't get my #FF's out! So sorry. Will get them out periodically!! I hate me!!!! 
#howarewe 4/10. Watching 2 pints and my legs REALLY hurt and I don't know why! Can't sleep because of it 
Heard they have carrot-flavored Sprite in Japan. Can't get it in Tupelo, though. 
Can't stop listening to Coeur de Pirate, I just wish I understood her lyrics a little more...damn rusty French 
Been up since 3:45am - G was sick everywhere and F has a very high temp! Can't get back to sleep now 
Trying to explain Twitter to people who barely use the internet. Can't figure out how to explain it in their terms. 
It's 1am &amp; I just finished eating pizza for dinner. Can't sleep. My bf's aunt just passed away from cancer  Need to b w/ him somehow...
Eyes crossing. Can't think. Need sleep. Not going to make my deadline 
Can't get on STC 
@lukasrossi I'll be there. Can't drink  I'm taking my cousins and I'm driving home afterwards back to San Diggity
Can't sleep AGAIN. At this point I think I need sleep meds. 
My boss leaves me a VM telling me not 2 go 2 court on Mon &amp; 2 c her. Im freakin out like what the hell did I do now?! Can't sleep now 
Can't wait for my TAHJ  ! Off this thing...gn twits...say ur prayers! Xoxo -me&amp;&amp;tahj &lt;3
Can't go to youth.   Yes! It's still raining. Ang lamig sobra.
Can't belive work didn't let me come In Late so I now I have 2 miss dancing for work!  not fair. Hope u all have a gd day. Xx
Nvm. Can't take a decent enough photo to post it  Sorry, loves.
Can't sleep  Up reading, blogging, maybe videoing.
Can't believe I missed my 11111th Tweet 
Can't sleep!  Maybe the thunder storm will help. Love night time storms! &lt;3
@j_mccoy Can't kids all up and running bout like loonies!!! Bed sounds lovely tho..i wish!   lol Loud music helpin..will be dancin sn! lol
Can't go to Jonas Brothers' concert.  Maybe an other time...
Can't wait till my time in Bali.. Still have to pass 2 weeks of hard work 
Wow!! My stomach is killing me!!   Can't get any sleep  and I really miss april a bunch!
Can't seem to sit and study! Been wasting 4 precious days! 
Today is Grey Day. It's raining. Can't summon the enthusiasm to go sit outside on wet lawn for hours, but still, sad 
Can't sleeep, sicksicksick.  Maybe I should get back up...
We just started our first &quot;batch&quot; of dialysate with the new PureFlow system. Can't use it because it hasn't been tested through the lab. 
Can't believe I woke up 6 a.m for nothing  My classes are ACTUALLY going to start later lol ;) f-it.
@panacea81 Says &quot;This video is Private&quot; Lovie. Can't see it   
@LeighEllwood Limited # of RUSH songs available in karaoke style.    Can't believe someone hasn't done their entire catalog!
@niecee47 Have fun tonight!!! Wish I was coming  Can't wait to hear all about it!!
Old man due to visit us this weekend has cancelled. Plane hit by lightening and turned back. Can't see him ever flying again 
@gotanda Can't help you there. ... JR is Urawaza-less I think 
Can't sleeep.. Fuck I keep thinking about if I pass or fail this drug test 
@paulgloverphoto  Your airplane has not even left Charlotte yet, but I already miss you.  Can't wait till you are back home.
Alfie and I just had an afternoon nap! Can't say I feel any better  looks like I have to write today off in more ways than one!
Can't costomize my MySpace Account! DARN! 
Can't access USPS.com APO Customs Forms to mail my #military care packages. Guess I'll have to stand in line and fill them out. 
Rainy day  ... MTC is in Rehersals today for the play - 2 weeks to go!!! Can't wait
@FeatheredEagle Tell your brother I say &quot;Congrats&quot;. I'm up this early because I can't stop weezing.  Can't make it todaaaaay.
@H_I_MsH_E_R Lol, same here! Can't function w/o morning coffee! Work today! 
At Wakefield park early for our competition today. Can't skate right now cause of kids lessons  http://twitpic.com/6qurq
Seriously slept shitty. Can't win. Someone kept callin and hangin up bout 130 
picked up my Ricky Gervais tickets today! Can't wait!! Although I will have to, as its not till October   
@whirlygig77 @HelenPriestnall erm... Can't believe we're having this conversation   Do I have to answer?
i's gettin' ready for a *party* and then work tonight... Can't even go to the Jord's wedding  O's well
Sad day my dog Ca$h passed away. I will miss him very much.  http://mypict.me/2OH3
Hmm, still think the Palm Pre is awesome, but my accelerometer doesn't seem to be working. Can't get it to go horizontal on me. 
@danudey Can't, its my friends birthday BBQ right after work. Sometimes it feels like Tweetups are always when I can't attend. 
No, I don't think it does...  Can't find it if it does.  Oh well.  
Taking it easy tonight. Sims 3, curry, documentaries &amp; possibly some of The #Wire. Can't afford any more nights out for at least 2 weeks 
@MissEllieMae RAWR!!!!! Can't believe I have to wait till Monday to pick up my Shakespeare Restored essay  So far away!!!
@thegaydreamer can you tell me which gadget you added to your Blogger page please?  Can't get any of the twitter gadgets to work 
On Skype to Nataliiee  Can't believe JB's youtube got suspended WTF lyk.... 
 Will have to wait to next week to meet C and N because of trip to Tokyo, darnit. Can't wait to meet them. Congratulations, Heidi babes!
@Meyka Can't, at the moment  Gotta wait till parents get back, or t'grandfather will be confused. Tea is an acceptable substitute for now!
Can't find my Bible 
Trying to find washing instructions for wand.  Someone has put glitter all over it.  Can't remember if they can go in the washingmachine 
Can't believe Girls Aloud start their break after tonight 
@seanpaull Hey mate, was trying to take ER off, but it's all copyright protected. Can't move it!  You OK?
Can't play sims 3 cause of my old MacBook... 
Can't see Chiodos. Bummed.  Anyway I want these! http://twitpic.com/6ruxu
@QueenofScots67 Can't hear any of it on my iPhone 
D'oh! Can't believe I forgot to add Tidal Tempest to the stages and story's page when I updated it. My bad 
@deelah Can't stand plain ones (well maybe the mini ones, just because they are fun to eat)  don't like chocolate unless it has nuts/PB!
Can't beat Knights of Cydonia for my cousin 
@Danielle_ddb Yay ! I'm so happy to hear this  I thought I will not see until I'll not return from my summer holiday..   Can't wait ! ;)
@goodjj22 @DanielleCalkins Can't wait to hang out tonight. Wish @jamieoverman was here to celebrate too.... LAME. 
Can't get tickets to Michael McIntyre 
@scoobysnacksfix Can't believe Snacklet is 2 next week!! That's gone so fast! Sorry again I missed you birthday hun 
Will go drown my sorrows in a book and maybe some knitting. Can't be cake or bacon or grog etc put on .5kilo lately..must lose 10 more kg 
@Jillzarin Did you all stay at the Borgota my money? Can't believe i missed my fav housewives in AC, my fav peeps in my fav place! 
Can't see ANYTHING for single/sexify.  Sad 
Can't believe it-my son broke my phone!!! Ugh, second one this year....this is just not a phone year for me 
Hmm @linkscorchio yes it is @Navarin I'm not very well  Can't breathe through my nose @Mach712 veiny panthers..
Front row at Campbell's grad. Can't use my air horn.  http://twitpic.com/6sw1j
Omg, sims take forever to sleep. Can't fast forward quicker 
Can't wait for game 6. Sad night for all of us fans 
Some random LOUD alarm just sounded off in the house. Can't figure out where it came from or what it was. Scared the crap out of me! 
went to bed at 12. Woke up after nightmare. Can't sleep now. 
@runnergirl29 I'm doing 5* st.louis too! Can't wait! Don't know anyone who needs tix  sorry
@KunoichiRaiu making my character. Can't say much about this tho. I agreed to an NDA. 
Can't sleep. I'm really anxious abt my trip to Hawaii in a few days. I hate that my hubby can't come. 
Saw him again! Just wish i got introduced to him or something!  but at least i saw him again! Lol. Can't wait to see him again!!!
Working tomorrow. Can't even go to Tab's baby shower 
So freaking tired of the same conversation over THREE days! Margaritas are gone  Can't have more wine without the evil eye ...aargh!
So I'm completely exhausted. I have to get up early again tomorrow and work ALL day long again!!  Can't wait for monday! Goodnight!
Alex isn't home tonight, can't sleep without him here, this is the first time we've been apart in over two years! Can't stand it 
Can't fall asleep... Creepy huge spiders all over my room!!! 
@bouncingsheep also -- mozzarella and ricotta so far.  Can't get the acidity right in my Mozz though. --keeps goin crumbly like feta. 
Just watched series finale of Arrested Development. Can't believe it's over  #fb
Ahhhh.. SATIATED after my hole in the wall asian feast! Can't believe I left my phones at home. So upset I didn't get to take pix tonite 
Can't get e-mails on iPhone all of a sudden  anybody got a clue why? Tried deleting &amp; re-adding account but still failing...
@olonli Season 7 I think. Can't believe I only have 1 more season to watch 
I have a serious Fallout 3 addiction. Can't stop exploring, looting, popping caps in raiders' asses. Off to bed tho bc gotta get up early 
Can't sleep  Im in summer mode already! Txt if your still awake too
Can't wait to go out! Only 4 and a half more hours at work! Help me!!! 
Can't believe i lost my camera! Oh well i could of lost something worse i GUESS! 
Can't sleep b/c I have the worst TMJ  my jaw keeps popping out ew and i wanna cry I'm in so much pain.oh yeah and I have work in 3 hours
 Can't sleep.  Watching Royal Pains.  Impressed. - http://royalpains.usanetwork.com/
Damn you, pollen! Can't keep my eyes open long enough to type a meaningful sentence 
Can't wait to pack my luggage. Oh well... back to studying 
Can't believe it's raining so hard!!! I wanted to work on the garden today  I'll have to watch the Grand Prix from the gym instead!! 
might go on a road trip to Clark later! I'll be driving the super smooth Honda Jazz! Can't I keep her? 
@DizzyCrane I tried to go to sleep a few times.It was a nogo.  Can't wait to wake up.I got birthday cake waiting for me.Yummy.
Can't sleep! Been awake since yesterday. This sucks. 
Can't Sleep &gt;=/ it's bkumin a problem..Ughh Babee' fell asleep  lol got no one to talk to now grrr &gt;.&lt; lol j'k SweetDreams Hun
I am too stupid to do this  It just doesn't work. But I hate Vista! Can't use the laptop w/ it, I have the urge to throw it against a wall
Can't stop sneezing! Grr buut I think today is going to be VERY boring 
Can't believe it's over. I already miss it and my friends going to Daytona  thanks to everyone for all of the great high school memories.
Can't seem to wake up today  Can't have early night tonight as MUST watch The Apprentice. Wouldn't be the same watching recording tomorrow
Can't avoid it, have to do housework  but looking forward to the French mens tennis final! Being it on.
Can't believe I missed the roots and a possible run in with jordan knight last night.... Booooo 
Looking for recommendations for a Wordpress designer who my be able to help with my personal site. Can't afford to pay much though 
Can't sleep -- I shut Daniel's car door on my index finger, and now its in throbbing pain and purple!!!! 
Can't stop thinking about the Pens lose yesterday  Tuesday will be dfferent..
@TeddyHitch I don't have Rapidshare, if you find a torrent link please send it to me!  Can't find any good ones for Common Dreads 
Heading to connersville, IN to take ethan on a train ride for his b-day! Can't believe he'll be 3 tomorrow!  the zoo is tomorrow! Fun fun
ok, I must go decorate my father's b'day cake. Party at 1. Can't procrastinate any longer. 
Need to start learning Spanish too. Can't believe I'll be in Ibiza this time next week. Scary! So much to sort out 
Bags packed. Car loaded.   Heading out the door.  It's been fun.  Can't wait til next trip! Clarksville here we come.
Can't go see mom today because I am feverish.  She did say she doesn't wanna die now, even tho she is suffering, &amp; will never improve.
Just fell in love with a little albino baby in bunny in Now4Pets! He was adorable and jumped up and us and everything! Can't get him now 
sorry! Haven't been on!  Can't wait for summer and the Hannah Montana Movie to come out!
writing band previews for DOA (rock/metal open air near Krefeld) festival guide -&gt; http://www.dongopenair.de .. Can't be there this year 
Can't believe I dropped my iPhone! I'm viewing things from A cracked screen 
@nimrais Over there, too? Wow, the whole world's weather system is going wild! Can't wait for it to be winter yet! X3   Poor plants! 
Have had hardly anything all weekend, but doesn't feel hungry. Can't taste anything... stooopid cold 
Have had eaten hardly anything all weekend, but doesn't feel hungry. Can't taste anything... stooopid cold 
Can't sleep  Body is comatose but mind is somehow wide awake!
Summer cold and sore throat.   Can't wait to get some more energy.
Lovin 90210!!! Tryin to follow the cast but it won't let me follow shenae grimes!  Can't wait for tomorrow!!!
Can't pay attention 2 pastors sermon cuz dis dude has aggressive razor bumps on da back of his head, he sittin n front of me 2. YUCK.. 
Can't wait to finish the painting currently on my easel! My blog is feeling so abandoned... 
My mum just dropped off my inheritance from my Grandmother. In cheque form.  Can't help but feel a little guilty 
@jordanknight Jordan,  I think we (the fans) broke the link.. Can't vote  Sorry!!
Can't believe Rick didn't even say bye 
Sitting out front of my office... Can't bring my self to go in. Tryin to step my employment up but it ain't workin 
@morguepie Can't, going to be listening to Carl's radio during the race and I can't skype at the same time. Sorry 
@Timberwolf123 Can't tweet long, was just leavin...gotta get Rae @ 2, lol..we hav terrible timing lately, lol! 
Can't wait to go home and relax! Missing my baby 
@zephrip doh! Just got this tweet. Can't make it to concert tonight. First day of work tomorrow 
@AnnaSaccone Thanks for the blog post on your hair!Can't watch YT atm as speakers broken gah!  x
Can't wait for Britney on Thursday   But my camera has died   Just my bloody luck!
Can't believe this.. no cash in my paypal? Wtf did that all go? *annoying*. Looks like I'll be paying cash 
@DC_Homes Open house on 1st sunny day in weeks. Not surprised no one showed. Can't plan funerals around the weather 
@buckhollywood Can't you do it earlier Buck?  UK and all..
@DaWaBZ94 It does, still waiting for ours...  Can't wait to get hands on. Hopefully not too long to wait now!
Can't believe I missed 2/3rds of this series  #Apprentice
Can't believe Margaret's leaving the Apprentice 
@AliButterfli I miss you too.  Sad allure! We had an amazing weekend. Can't wait for the 4th.
@Ashkayk I saw! Can't see it!  I'll be working all day! Sadness! ;) I will catch it as soon as I walk through the door at home! ;)
Can't bear a 4:30 am wakeup+flight without hot shower (heater broke). Will stay at airport hotel tonight. 
Can't wait to get my OWN laptop back...too bad it's not even to the repair shop yet. 
Can't believe Margaret won't be on #apprentice next season, it will never be the same again 
Can't believe Margaret is leaving though 
What's going on with Gmail!? I keep getting &quot;Oops... a server error occurred and your email was not sent. (#102)&quot; Can't Send. Can't Save. 
Can't believe the projected result from Scotland 
Can't believe Jon showed me who won the apprentice 
Enjoying the SWAC marathon!! Can't wait for Selena's episode tonight. To bad it's on at the same time as her LIVE Say Now thinga majig 
@dragonbirdy nah. Can't. Just got really technical stuff I need to concentrate on 
Can't believe I forgot Janice's birthday 
Adopted a 2-year-old boy cat today (http://www.anticruelty.org/). Can't bring him home until tomorrow.   Anya's getting a brother!!!
Can't watch anymore, too wound up, Night All 
Can't figure out why some of my bloggies can't access my blog - Grrrrr. 
watching Finding Nemo and then bed.  Can't believe the weekend is gone already 
Can't access on my fave game on facebook...  Going to watch tv for now...
Can't go on FB, blocked on my laptop, remember? So I gotto use da living room one where my mum can see what kinda shit im upto. 
Can't wait no more for WWDC. Oh! wait,I'm going over to cousin's place,so all I'm going to have is this faint twitter timeline with me!  
Can't believe the weekend is over, it went WAY too fast   Had a nice day with the Hills, so nice to have such awesome people in our lives
Can't find my phone  Can someone call it?
Can't handle drunk texts at 3AM  
Nice block on Bryant towarda the end of the 4th, and can't really blame a rookie too much for missing a game winning shot. Can't watch OT 
Heyyy Kiehl's what u doin there???...Hurry uppp!! Can't wait till 19 Jun 
Can't lay down not even percocet and vicoden together is helping. My body is covered in burns 
@LindaJoySinglet What's your URL for your blog? Can't find you! 
Can't study any more Active Directory right now.  Have ~15 days to retake 70-294   
Can't imagine how I'll survive for more than 24 hours without Macro Wholefood's nibble mix 
Can't believe India is out  ...
@RckStarDaddy Can't get any better than that!  Getting ready for bed and the work week 
@Sugahgal Hey hey, yep a bit, still exhausted, sooo gutted I couldn't make it.   Can't wait for next week!!!
Can't sleep.  I'm in a large comfy bed all alone and  listening to paula abdul... Thinking about what i am going to do tomorrow.
Can't find any friends on TWITTER yet... 
Week's off to a strange start with the noticable lack of a receptionist when we arrived  Can't help wondering who's next...
Can't sleep. I miss Kevin too much. 
Can't sleep  Thinking why I have to love him and she gets him :'(
Good morning! Ugh! Can't believe I fell asleep just after the first quarter of the game! 
@happilyblissed Yeah! Can't wait!! I wanna go for the Transformers movie marathon! 
Can't concentrate at work.  Very sad my little Miss Yeap is off round the other side of the world tonight   
@17THSNOOP Do I look like I'm laughin? Can't keep yo hand out the cookie jar I'm done you breakin my heart 
Can't sleep  im having the worst stomach pains. Guess thats my fault lol but im awfully tired
@dalzinho thanks for help, but can't get download for visualhub - discontinued  Can't download .exe installer for SUPER thru firewall (
@jeremychone Can't agree more. 3G operators intent is lock u into an inferior service and we are drooling away at the iPhone candy 
Am wondering how am I going to reach home ??? Can't walk for another 3 hours 
@the8333696 no chance of that here! YouTube and ALL networking sites are blocked.. Can't even get onto flickr at work anymore 
@ScottisBack   Can't you borrow some?  Or hitch a ride?
Can't sleep. Tummy growling. Allergies acting up. Faaaaaiiiillll 
is looking forward to the return of ISIHAC on R4 tonight. Can't see how it'll be the same without Humph though 
Ughhh.   Note to self: don't drink two Mountain Dews before bed, EVER again! Can't sleep! 
@yyusuff Can't open the pic  Will try again later.
Goood afternoon twitterville! Wow, jet lag isn't good. Think its a lazy day for me today. Too tired2do anything  studio2ma! Can't wait!!
UUUuuugh! Can't watch The Spirit, video has been removed  But IronMan was gooood I may have to buy that one day!
@slimfender its been done: Molli's Choice Bacon Water.. Can't get a decent pic though 
Upgrade Tweetdeck, now it only shows up if the window is maximized. Can't see it in a small window 
@Jo_Crew I set it as my iPhone background. Can't stop thinking about Iranians today 
@ianvisits JUst sent you a msg on TB re Sunday tube journey.  Can't make it now.   Sorry.
Traveling back from vaca today so no Pens Victory Parade for me  Can't wait to see all of the pictures!!!
@FatAmpNadia Can't do Weds  That is D-Day for moving so I'll be in sweaty, box-carrying heaven.
Can't sleep not feeling good n throwin up.... Not good!!! 
Back in Salvador. Can't believe this is the last week of classes! I'll be bk to the States sooner than I'd like. 
Need to get off the computer and carry on revision. Can't lose motivation 
Can't decide what I want and I am all out of bread, so I'm skipping breakfast. Bad idea. 
 Must wait till Wednesday for new Phonogram. Can't wait, can't wait.
@ the job;; tired of these muthafuckas hangin up on me! Bitch pay ya muthafuckn debt!! Wtf !! LMAO! Can't be beastin on twitter 2day 
Don't ask me how but I think I've pulled a butt muscle. Can't even walk...this ish sucks 
Just debating what food to have tonight..  The census is Wagamama's :-p  Can't wait.. Does mean that I'll have to miss the gym 
@cuspate  Daughter now on unlimited text tariff. Can't afford to be PAYG and reply to all her texts   Cheaper to buy new iPhone 3GS 
@RobbyHenderson  Can't see the one b/4 the Britney show
At college waiting for the mother to come and pick me up  Can't wait to see Warren later, Love you baby x x x
@MissKissThis  Awwww, I'm in Canada. Can't enter. boo. 
Boring. Can't open anything but TweetDeck. Snif! 
@Bahamabob I was w/ my fam away from the TV.  Can't believe I missed the Cup being raised up. 
of hope left. Can't say I'm happy with it, though. Thought I had it in the bag. 
@xtiegirl Yay for Chuck! Can't believe it's 9 more months before Season 3. 
Can't stop crying her eyes out.  Im so lost.
Working from home.  House A/C set to 77F.  Why bother going lower?  Can't keep up with the heat due in a couple hours anyway.  
Can't sleep. Data charges are going to be high. 
At O'Hare. Waiting for our flight. Can't find a place to charge my DS. 
@denyreligion Good article in USA Today, today called. &quot;This is your brain on religion&quot;. Can't post link from phone. 
Can't get to Uncle Ken's funeral tomorrow, absolutely gutted 
Can't sleep! - 3:23 AM damn iPhone I tried the white noise and sleep apps already LOL no effect  x my mother replied to my email for once
Working then heading home to enjoy my new glider!! Can't wait. Still have a weird headache. 
Can't believe she missed talking to a certain someone  Booo, hissss! But darrrn, that thunder storm was amazing!!!!!!
@lifeonrewind Still at work. Can't.  However, we can converse in 140 characters or less.
@Raftery Can't swing the cost of monthly plan.    Figure iPod Touch is the next best thing. I think I heard @sparkpeople has an app....
@neilhimself &quot;A bit of theatre&quot;? Total theatre. Can't burn an idea or a change in thinking, no matter how hard they try. 
@DavidBlue I would love to go to Comicon. Can't 
@Lizinhollywood What patience? 8) And BTW we Europeans still aren't able to watch your First Time Driving  Can't you upload it on youtube?
Result! Got an early bus home! Can't wait to get home, feeling illll 
Anyone downtown Vancouver that can loan me a MacBookPro adapter so I can connect with a vga projector? Can't find mine 
@Wachovia Can't call anyone. Wachovia took my phone bill money with illegal FEES. How many weeks for deposits to show????? 
@DonnieWahlberg sat nite was AMAZING! Can't believe no more shows &amp; m&amp;gs  thx 4 the bday kisses! Ur amazing &amp; the show was the best yet!XO
Gettin ready for school. Can't find my jumper. 
@tommcfly omg :| Can't believe I missed that!!  Didn't even know it was happening. I'm a bad fan 
Can't sleep. Too much in my head and too full of energy. I hope i'm not too tired for work tomorrow. 
Can't believe next week is my last week at Peppercom 
Cor, thanks hun. Can't wait to get home now to see them. I'm grocery shopping. Have I mentioned how much I love grocery shopping 
Just put Pierre to bed.Can't hear his wee baby dog breathn noises bside me now  Fiten the urge to go get him for a hug.I shall let him be!
@markhoppus &lt;3 Can't wait for Blink to get to Toronto. Time to study for exams now though... 
So tired of Racism!!! Can't we all just get along?! Come on people the only difference between us is our skin color's!! Jesus 
Two weeks to find a new job or else I will also have to find a new place to live  Can't blame landlord I guess. Ho hum.
Can't bring myself to try the new Vegemite 
@petrilude hey did we get the leesha @xsparkage id thingy worked out? Cuz I tried &amp; failed. Can't reach my friend 
@FiestyCharlie well that sux. Can't you go to the school board or something? Sorry for the bad day. 
[Can't Stand mondays]:Mangoes!.but i'm thirsty n the ish is the only juice in the refrigerator..hmm i might need to start writing my will 
Just finished watching Californication and I want more already!!!  Can't wait till Season 3!!!!!
I've spent the past 10 minutes seeking through Office Space on my phone trying to find the first meeting with the Bobs bit. Can't find it 
Won't be swimming... Can't do anything else... GOD I will never eat Vitners hot chips again!! 
@cramerka I'm picky too! Can't date a guy shorter than me, just can't happen. And I missed Greek today  ....ABCFamily better post it soon!
Can't unlock stupid Wolf on SSB 
Had an amazing day with baby zoe.. Can't believe how big she's getting 
@criss_angel I missed your tweet   Can't wait to see you in Vegas..........
Can't seem to find the book 'Unix for Eunuchs' anywhere. 
@Kaitikins Can't. My phone internet is being slow 
@AbbieH5 any more info from Mashhad? I have loved one there and need to know what is happening. Can't contact her. 
Can't wait to download that summer nights performance off youtube -_- I'm at camp and don't have a tv. Sorry guys 
Can't sleep.  Ankle throbbing 
Major huge headache.. Can't go to sleep,  Gahhhh! 
Can't sleep!!!! Ugh, I'm in need of a friend 
@P0T Can't Dance when stuff like this is going on 
Can't sleep. Too many things are going through my head. 
Can't sleep. Neck swollen. Can't swallow. In pain. Work @ 8  
Can't sleep... Back is killin' me. 
Can't play my competition song, because somehow my left wrist got hurt and it's very stiff. I hope it'll be better soon. Oh sadness. 
I'm off now. Can't tweet today, no electricity .  I already miss you twitterworld. Xx Love yaaaaaa
Can't sleep. Leg cramps. 
Off to Limerick today!! Can't wait!! But it does mean I probs won't be tweeting for the next..4ish days  See ye Saturday 
Ugh. Can't sleep. Got too much on my mind. And no one to talk to. 
Can't find my chocolates. @syahysteria Do you remember where I put them? And where'd my ribena go 
Can't find fast food near port hueneme after midnight  no lunch for me. Note to self: make sure you bring a lunch when working nights
Can't sleep. Must be up in 6 hours.  #fb
Can't sleep  boyfriend made me happy we had a great and deep talk bout life! Ahhhhh court tomorrow I hate seatbelts!
Can't sleep. Keep waking up suddenly when my throat restricts my breathing. 
Can't believe it's over  Good stories last as long as it could... &lt;3 Midnight Series
Can't wait for the iPhone software update 2moro, havin nothing but trouble! Heard I'm not the only one (or am I?) 
Can't sleep.  Babysitting in the morning until 7:30.
Can't re-activate CS3 on my new MBP - deactivated on my old one, but still no go  support starts at 6am.. I imagine I'll be awake 
Can't sleep. Again. Ugh. 
@lindabroughton will call this afternoon if that is OK - just off to a meeting.  Can't DMas you don't follow 
Can't believe I'm missing out on Harrogate because I have to go to the doctors 
Omfg. Can't believe I missed Supernatural 
Can't sleep...  my summer will officially begin at 2 PM tomorrow! Woohoo.
Can't believe it. I said that? ARR. now he's always at my side, Lallll.. 
Can't stop eat, heeelp  http://myloc.me/40DY
Hello again twitter. I was away from you in a long time. LOL. Can't play Sims 3 anymore.  I need more sleep! I can feel my birthday! 
Creeped the heck out of myself. Can't sleep now 
Can't run this morning. Still battling the back pain. 
Can't believe it! Breville do not sell sell replacement jugs - sure it is a money making scam to make us clumsy clutzy's buy new products 
Can't try new Opera - it crashes on launch. 
I seriously feel like i have the Marley &amp; me dog but in miniature size  Gah! Can't be left unattended? He eats everything drinks anyth ...
@arabyrd OMG! Can't get in touch with my friend,he just sms'd me from Tehran few days ago 
Can't believe they're making us wait a week to find out what happens. And Tony is hurt  #NCIS
Watching 10 years younger in 10 days. With a swollen mouth; wisdom tooth extraction. Can't eat solids or open mouth. Soup and water 
Grrr, HUNGRY. Can't eat, fasting before my I have my teeth out under a General 
Can't move. Hurts to breathe. Wants the pain to end. Kill me now  Oh sweet Vicodin, we have you turned your back on me in my time of need?
So tired. Can't sleep. Need to be awake in like... Now. 
Thought this was equally sad and fascinating-Five FB No-Nos for Divorcing Couples. http://peaurl.com/casori Can't we all just get along? 
Can't put it off any longer, writing a list of things to pack for #cofhe09. Packing is quite possibly my least favourite activity 
I just want all things going perfectly.. Like small things really matter to me. Can't even think any second for a prfect gift for you 
Can't adjust my Sims 3 character's moustache. I fancied putting Hitler into hilarious situations. 
@razzamatazz87 Can't have my iPod-age on in l'office. Boo 
@guernseylibrary Not too much thankfully. You at SLA? Can't wait now! Off to do work have been putting off for ages 
Can't take this one-whole-day Statistics bullshit anymore!! 
I'm out of space! Can't install Windows 7 
Can't get my Barclays to work at all  ffs!! FAIL!!
Today marks the 5th year me &amp; my hubby have been married! Can't really celebrate tho cuz he's still in Iraq 
@_We_ArE_bRoKeN_ Can't. Steve is here. 
@vane980  No. I don't think I can make it out to the Grove in time in traffic. Can't really get out early either.
Hard bug day.    Can't anyone check in some code with some trivial mistakes so I can feel like a hero without working?
Work all day and then all night  not looking forward to it..  Can't wait for thursday to come!
Can't feel my face. I look like a chipmunk  they got 4 out of 5 wisdom teeth. Naptime now.
@Dancinlor Can't use the links on Iran news site   But I'll keep searching
2 down 1 to go.. Can't wait to get home, drink Nyquil and sleep till tmrw. LOL I feel so sick. 
Can't believe @expressandstar are getting rid of the Pink. End of an era 
@TeresaKopec TY! Lets hope they give her good drugs. Can't feel good! 
Can't. Stop. Coughing. 
Can't find the &quot;alternate&quot; ending to &quot;Philadelphia&quot; with the Weird Science music. 
Hey ya'll, anyone know where I can get a Little Isiahs tshirt printed? Want to rep my team at the draft! Can't spend more than $20 tho 
Can't play Sims w/out my PC. The borrowed 1 is not up 2 snuff for the game 
Can't find my Celine albums to put on my Ipod 
Had a class this morning and a surprise class this afternoon that no one knew about til this morning. Can't get my hair done today 
@winglmui @emmilyon Can't be both! Not this time.  As for Earthbound, I haven't played it, but I know of it!
Can't believe that being a grown man, I still watch Saved by the Bell. I am ashamed. 
Need rum. Can't have 
@j_o_writer1984  Yup, has a pool. Can't compare it to Beacon, never been 
Can't wait to get out of work! Just 5 more minutes. Twitter seems to be growing on me. Gotta re-format my laptop. I hate Vista 
Only managed to listen to Obsessed like 6 times so far!!  Can't wait to get it on my iPod!!
@heeeyitsapreeel Can't im in sd. Have fun thouugh 
I don't want to watch a motherfucking movie.  Can't i just go home? Do i really have to be your hostage?
 Can't get my hands on a copy of Cap #600 until at least Thursday. Actively avoiding spoilers, bought Deadpool to cheer me up instead
Can't seem to catch a break. Last week, stomach problems and ER visit. This week, a crappy cold. Stupid cancer long-term side effects. 
Can't sleep but SHOULD! I start work at 7.15am tomorrow 
Nooooooo, my laptop just crashed, keeps shutting off  HELP. This sucks, now I gotta either fix it or get a new one. Can't spend any more $
Can't get in contact with his family in Tehran. 
@xoxoChelseaa sup? Can't afford lvatt. Sad 
@dieanuh- Can't  My daddy is taking me to go test drive Maseratis soon.
Bored off my head..! Can't sleep.. 
Can't properly access webct material through @opera browser either. Looks like it's time to search for a new browser again 
I am so so sick... ugh. Can't wait to get better.  Oh well, I get the company of a lot of screaming children tomorrow! Huzzah.
@TheRopolitans What was Wright fired up about? Can't see the game tonight 
I want ice cream....*tear..sniff..sniff* Can't have any. *sigh* Life is cruel 
Can't we all just get along.... Hmmm 
@Byte_Size I suffer from Bookisbetter-itis. Can't bring myself to watch the show 
Can't wait for sleepy time! Stuck in the city though 
I damaged my foot badly somehow. Can't get an x-ray until tomo  Nothing tonight for me to do but veg at home. Ugh.
@coolmom823 I think they are musical guests, like letterman. I'm gonna YouTube tomorrow. Can't stay awake this time 
Internet explorer 6 doesn't like whatever changes were made to twitter. Can't click the reply button 
My web hosting is down.   Can't update until tomorrow.  Much to write, much to write.  Still thanking everyone for continued support!
Testing tweetdeck out for iPhone. I like it so far but tweetie is absolutely fantastic  I'm in a bind!  Can't wait for 3.0 
Can't sleep. Soooooo going to pay for this tomorrow!   
Readinggggg  a cheesy romance novel... hehehe. Can't find my Cussler book  oh well, tomorrow!!
Heading to bed. Will have to research the tweetdeck iphone app tomorrow. Can't seem to find where the trends are 
Can't find fallout  Will hafta substitute some HP and sleeps. G'night!
I'm waiting for Camp Staff meeting before bedtime   Can't be soon enough
#iranelection Can't get through to my dad now. Phone won't ring 
Can't get onto iphone Tweetdeck...says my password isn't valid 
This sucks--was dead tired at 12:30am but am now wide awake. Can't turn off my brain no matter what I do. Gotta get up in 5.5 hours 
@DakotaCassidy I see where you're going. Can't help, though. Science defunct. 
@elliotminor http://twitpic.com/7jqgw - Can't wait fr ur new album ! Wanna to cu in Belgium  Miss u
2:20am... Can't sleep. Ugh! 
Can't sleep. Fudge deficient 
Can't sleep, so starting work early. Would have been nice to get  iPhone 3.0 software now to soften the morning blow 
That *used* to be a *normal* nap!  so unhappy with this turn of events. Can't figure out what's causing it. Bothersome, to say the least.
Can't find my ward notes in Paediatrics. Need them desperately. 
Wordpress upgrade has ruined my blog  Can't see text when making new posts and error msgs everywhere in admin screen  Moving to blogger
Sleepy. Can't go to bed yet. 
Can't sleep  @ Serendipity Apartment Complex http://loopt.us/CHHhwg.t
Someone tell Sulka to read the uservoice emails  Can't get into beta still
Hell traffic. Can't believe I have to go down punt road in a few mins 
Internet down at work... Can't work 
@petewentz listening to the songs of birds from Montreal! Can't sleep either 
Can't sleep! Nick won't wake up to talk either 
Chilling out with some George Carlin. Can't believe he's been gone for almost a year 
Can't believe. Yesterday was the last day in school,we had an awesome party.  it's fucking over! I'm gonna miss soo many people 
Can't sleep  ... Going to be tired tomorrow.
It's raining and miserable here in Wales, hope you all have better weather. Can't stop sneezing either 
@hollowlegs I think I'd find it handy too. Map feature is good but doesn't tell you which way you're facing. Can't upgrade till Jan tho 
Bored. Can't log in into my local SharePoint development again. Why does it still keep asking for a password? 
@leannenufc PS: I tried 2 listen 2 Mariah on my phone last nite but it wouldn't work  Will do as soon as I'm back on my laptop. Can't wait
My mum surprised me &amp; got Lines, Vines and Trying Times today! Can't wait to get home and listen to it (: Won't be home till late though 
Can't update my iPhone until at least 5pm...ah well, time to lesson plan!! And OMG I just stood up and everything is aching today! 
Can't go to National until the weekend. So dead for tomorrow. 
@cherylpiedad glad to see a fellow plokker here in twitterworld. Will you be going to the EB? Can't come, I have work that night 
Last day  ugh. Can't wait till friday. Dreading july and august 
@SparksTheBen Sad you leave Europe  Hope you'll have a good fly by the way and everythin will be ok. Can't wait to see you again in Paris!
Hey hey! Hope we are all well... Can't believe it's only Weds... 2 days til Manc!!! No idea what I'm going to do after my tour finishes 
Awake.  Hurting.  Can't stay asleep.  
Swell is bigger if a little choppy -sun gone away though- Can't have everything I suppose 
Haven't done any coding in ages. Can't find the energy for it either. 
@Rachelle_Lefevr Can't wait to see you in NM and Eclipse. Wish you were coming to Twicon! 
Can't go to west end live coz its my sisters birthday  maybe she could change it to another day? Joke
@jurgenappelo Jurgen - did you post a blog with a video about Scrum in your office - with lots of post-its in columns? Can't find link 
my cold is almost at the end of its cycle YAY! Unfortunately, it has left me with an ear infection. Can't take Motrin either 
@evevice i love you hubbbart! Goodnight and miss you like hell! Can't wait till' we meet again love... 
@Cheeg Purple hurts. Can't you have baby blue or orange? 
I'm sick as a dog. Can't join in any of the festivities today/tonight. Food poisoning  If I see cucumbers n pico sauce, it'll be too soon
Computer assembled. Win7 installed. Works well so far. Can't get wireless network going with airport card in mac. No internets on new pc 
@Bri51NY I know how you feel. It doesn't rain until I get off work and it starts. Crazy. Can't mow can't play softball can't do anything 
In serious pain. Can't go to the doctor till 2pm. Fuck 
is so darn tired! Can't sleep for few nights already. Tonight sleep with Ethan will make it worse! 
@keisha_buchanan I'm so upset and annoyed! Can't go to the Thetford gig anymore! So annoyed. Was so looking forward to it! 
Been up for an hour due to loving, annoying cats that wanted to snuggle with us. Can't go back to sleep.  I feel like I'm on Japan time.
@Stuff_News Can't believe I missed free albums   Oh well, at least I took advantage of Tesco's free music glitch.
@keisha_buchanan I'm so upset and annoyed! Can't go to the Thetford gig anymore! So annoyed. Was so looking forward to it! 
Sorry followers I've been scarce.. Just busy with work and personal stuff. Can't promise that I'll start soon tweeting more.  #Squarespace
@b0ncam That's not right! I hate AB for one on Gallo. Can't post link but search: TL_464719. Poor Bouchie 
Damn! Can't make the big round the lake, battery of my camera is low.  should have checked earlier. Will return soon.
Back in UK. Can't believe I've managed to pull a muscle in my neck. Yes in my neck people. When I lie down I can't breath too well 
I really need to clean my room! Looks like my closet exploded! Can't ever find shit in here!!! 
Time to get ready for work  3 days until I'm off for the weekend! Can't wait!
@sarathon Can't imagine how terrifying it must be for those trying to raise their children &amp; keep them protected in Tehran right now.... 
Can't move my wrist   Telling a dr I messed up my wrist by hitting a wall in celebration when the lakers won should be interesting...
No money for shopping makes Hazel sad  Can't wait till I have a proper job!!! &gt;.&lt;
anyone struggling to find OS 3.0 for iphone?  Can't seem to find out how to download it... 
@SimonHeseltine Not the best way to pay homage to an American Gold Medalist.  Can't imagine how her mother must feel 
Can't believe the change in the weather  got soaked! ...Roll on holidays in sunny Benidorm!!
i feel u! Can't say I've been doin the same  Need to go out this weekend and get away from the mic. &quot;It just keeps callin me&quot;
Can't wait to head home to update to 3.0!!! ... Even though I won't be able to mms  AT&amp;Fail
Agh seriously going insane. Can't use lAptop until script finishes running.. Been 15 min already 
Now I have no iPhone because of the itunes problem!  Can't even restore it! Now what?
Great. Can't  update iPhone. Said apple server was down. 
Wish my ABC network wld get their crap 2gether! Can't record any of my shows 
won't be tweeting through mobile web anymore. Will tweet through texting. Can't reply anyone if i text 
Can't even watch the Lakers parade  Came home early and everythang, just for it
Any #yeg rubyists want to go to #futureruby? Have an early bird priced ticket I'd like to sell for face value, OBO. Can't afford anymore. 
At the doctors office once again... Sinus Specialist this time. Can't a girl get a break? 
@guardiantech Getting &quot;HTTP 413 Request Entity Too Large&quot; error when accessing your links on my Blackberry. Can't read stories 
@unicornkid Yay! Can't wait! I've got my friends listening too.  Would go to Birmingham tomorrow but I don't have the train-fare.  Fail.
Sat on the beach and watched the stars and listened to the waves. Can't do that back home! 
Feeling aweful  Headache, throat, the sweats. Ugggghhh. Can't even budge.
Can't get an EV signal inside the Y - I'm very sad 
@antz88c I get the same errors. Can't access any iPhone app updates 
Doh! Can't watch Hulu from here. 
One of my cousins might have swine flu  I'm on my way to the airport to go home! Can't wait to see Drew.
@bella_b Can't seem to find an online version. The Green Edition of BIV seems to be hard copy only  #BIV
@akaleiapelila oh. Wack. I got it on my bold. Plays old stuff. Can't even search 
Can't wait to go on the rooooaadddtrrrriiippp BUT the question of the century is California or NY?? i need help 
Can't turn on #find my phone. Must be a dead feature during the 2 month free trial of #MobileMe??? 
Can't sleep because I'm still laughing at the video of a cat on LSD! Although of does seen cruel  Poor kitty. http://twitpic.com/7o920
Ok to sleep I go. Can't wait to not feel like I've run 50 miles uphill.  TWUGS TWUGS TWUGS TWUGS TWUGS TWUGS TWUGS TWUGS TWUGS TWUGS
Can't believe ABC cancelled The Unusuals. Never even gave it a chance bc they never promoted it &amp; now I'm watching the last episode ever! 
@TheEllenShow have a great show! Can't wait to see it on youtube! Some1 pls post it? we can't get it where we are  thanks!
Today has been a really weird day. Can't wait to stay up all night then catch a plane to Florida at 7am. 
Hum... Can't use iPhone tethering with any other computer but my own 
@Ca8lin OMG he did that!?!?! is she alright? thats awful! 
Can't sleep. Thus sucks. 
3.0 not pleasing me. Apps crashing all day. Can't launch Recorder, which had client notes I need. Features only fun if the thing works. 
Can't sleep  there's weird noises outside my bedroom window. Think it sounds like birds but do they come out at 5 in the morning?
http://twitpic.com/7ooez - Los Angeles area - pit bull Mickey needs home. Can't get pic to work 
Praying for my grandma! Hoping everything will be alright! Can't and don't want to go through this again 
Had a rlly bad dream  Can't go back to sleep. - http://tweet.sg
@wwwbigbaldhead Can't wait for the release.  I'm guessing, by the photo placed on MySpace, that I will have to watch you die?  
@Brandi1123 Awesome about the show!  Can't wait!  Sorry to hear about all of your airport delays.    Can't believe it's so close!
OK, I already don't like my online class and my Indians lost.  Have to work early tomorrow.  Not happy at all   Can't wait till Fri night!
Heard @southwestboaz tweets!!! Can't sleep right now  and 
Can't belive the Gorilla at the calgary zoo got a knive somehow 
Can't sleep... And it always hits when i need sleep the most... Exhaustion here i come 
Can't say I'm too impressed with iPhone os 3.0. And I'm not 4sho yet but I think it's made my phone slower. 
Can't sleep, too scared shitless... Seven days 
Can't sleep. wish I was in Cranberry right now 
Omg ... I said goodnight 2 hours ago? Can't sleep  #trackle #squarespace
Surprised!  Wadda....  Can't understand these boyz 
Goodmorning, starting a new fun day at work. Can't find anything fun to read  Tips anybody ?
if you know how to use a flash based webcam site on linux, hit me up on Aim(oopsypanda) i need help. Can't use stickammmmm 
@Monkeydog crap! That was my next one! Haha. Ok. Battery dying. Can't play anymore. 
Okay, I lied. Can't go to sleep. Tummy hurts too bad! 
stiff neck getting worse. Can't even support my head. Now I have to tilt it to the right side all the time. Neck brace eminent 
Head and nose all stuffy.. Can't breathe  why isn't sudafed helping?
@Xanneroo Sound good. Can't believe how exited I got reading that. God. I must be a sad old geek. 
@renukarajadurai Hey babe! Can't make any long term plans until I see this Air Force thing through  But I'll be sure to turn up in a jet!
@gtvone YOU LUCKY BUGGER!!!!! the Goods kick ass! Can't believe I am going to miss them  *cries*
@gtvone YOU LUCKY BUGGER!!!!! the Hoods kick ass! Can't believe I am going to miss them  *cries*
Can't stop think about him. Oh well.. it's the only thing that I can do. Two weeks from now-I'm not going to see him again.. 
@gmox: stay at home sweety... Studying and studying... Huhuhu  but I'm going out tommorow.. Can't bear it nimor
Can't stop think about him. Oh well.. it's the only thing I can do. Two more weeks from now-I'm not going to see him again.. 
No voice! Can't talk and can't sing! Viral epiglottis-eating infection - immuno-meltdown - crisis of silence! Upcoming gigs! Panic &amp; 
@ChrisTr Life. Can't get my new iPhone software, the newspaper project is gay, I'm tired, I need food and this awful day to be over. YAY! 
Can't talk to cousins anymore because school started... only on the weekends from now on. Sigh. 
Can't believe i missed Mackie crack Kris 
Open mic last night was a blast! Dave played his first show. Can't wait to do it again this weekend. Blah back at work 
Can't believe I'm at home...... Wish I was off 2 Manchester...... 
Just about to 2 plug in new macbook when biggest bolt of lightning flashed. Can't destroy 2 in 1 week so still on crappy old Toshiba. 
Got the new iPhone update! Can't mms yet tho 
@Rachelle_Lefevr Can't find your page on there? 
@bobfromhuddle Tobermorey's Music Machine? Can't find it anywhere 
@Kyra028 your throat hurts? Can't talk? 
@TheFamulus only managed 20 minutes because I'm stuck at the big nasty at the end of level. Can't beat him  Back to work - ho hum!
Can't move  My dogs on my knee and he growls if i move :O
Any easy way to learn Russian? Stumble keeps throwing interesting looking Russian pages at me. Can't understand them... 
is chilling at home, eating some home food. being pampered..the usual. Too bad its raining outside  Can't do much today!
@migsd Can't wait to see you tomorrow!!! Tagal na natin hindi nagkikita!  
@HarrietteJ Will miss you once you've moved. Can't believe the day is almost here 
@chevale haha not jaga badan la. Hahaha really full eh. Can't eat anymore. Haha. Eee I wanna eat choc cake  but btu dn hv secret recipe 
Not being able to run apart from a single 4km jog (thanks to soy flu) has been the killer. Can't be helped. Back to the shrink I suppose 
Can't sleep. Couldn't sleep at all last night. My throat, my chest, my whole body hurts. I hope I didn't catch the swine flu. 
Can't sleep cause I feel like I'm going to throw up.. Don't know why  not a good feeling
@Countrycutie84 yeah, it's so sad!  but it's really good! Can't wait till it comes out on 11/20/09!!! Oh btw have u read the series?
@exampleyoutwit Can't mate, family birthday party  Signed single though? ;D
Didn't know I couldn't search for tickets in 2 separate windows. I lost 2 VIP floor tickets bc of it. Can't find any good seats now... 
iPhone 3.0 big let down. Can't believe all the hype it had. BOO! 
@MikeHyper of coz! Went there for skiing &amp; just for d beautiful white snow.. Can't find it here 
Can't do the green overlay from the office - most SM sites are firewalled 
@gravityletusfly it's ok love, it happens to the best of us sometimes  Better late than never! - Can't wait to chop my hair off!
Gah stoopid f**kin' work PC still running Internet Explorer SIX!!! Can't reply to Tweets, can't delete my previous typo, technologo-fail 
Trying to figure out rav's newest feature - sorting projects by helpful notes. Can't sort by most helpful project, despite Casey's post. 
Can't believe how many ppl are at the Columbus Clippers game. Its sold out. I want to stay but have to go back to work. 
@sarahhr guess what I'm listening to? &quot;Can't read my POKER FACE!&quot;. I'm gonna miss thaatt! 
@MelissaEGilbert Mancow started his career in my hometown. Can't stand him  He was exactly the same way back then as he is now.  So sorry 
@changibedsheets Haven't played for a while but last time I played she liked Pine more than me  Can't blame the kid though. KOCK KOCK KOCK
Can't believe Houston has roads that you can only access with an &quot;easy tag&quot;! How are out-of-towners supposed to know? Ran 3 tolls 2day 
I'm staffordshire bound. Will hopefully be able to get some oatcakes. Can't get them in london anymore. 
It's the weekend for me. Yeeha!!!! My collar bone is out of place. Can't seem to get it back in line. OW 
@petehawley might be more like 9pm, dm me your phone no so i can call. Can't stay late, snowdon sat AM training 
It hailed in Abbottabad today and is too cold now. Can't find any good (mobile) connectivity options besides vptcl or GPRS so far 
Jus about ready, then off to IKEA w/ one of my fav boys! Yayy! Can't do too much damage tho coz I'm broke 
@deelau Can't say the same about the ED...i get water dripped on my feet when it has rained! 
@Brooklynoop Oh ok, I will add you when I get a chance to get on there. Can't on this computer, it'd freeze up for sure. lol 
Can't get Napster to stream at work 
Fucking hell! Can't figure out how to get my mac back up and running. None of the usual troubleshooting tips work. 
Can't sleep  just listen music.. Lloyd - night and day !!!
Must sleep... Can't sleep... News to catch up with. Those protesters are amazing and FIERCE. Hope no one gets hurt tomorrow. 
@Natbags hey would I do that?! Bit heavy, chairs r better lol my fb ain't workin on my phone?! Can't update status or anything 
12seconds - Sorry @ctiedje  Can't make the #soflatweetup http://tiny12.tv/TVX9E
Can't believe it! All the teams are going!!! Goodbye F1 
Can't believe jeremy's already Graduating  off to the ceremony...
Can't wait for a holiday. I think Kit needs a hug  
Just had some Subway. Can't stop my bad habit of having Sunway once a week. 
@Bigguyinblack Can't believe you quit playing Tiny Adventures. My friends tab is nigh-empty these days 
Can't stay off Twitter long enough to workout! 
@TheMakeupMuse I wish her Chinatown Glossy Pencils were in Aus though   Can't wait to try them!
@RachelHauck Ah. Can't do that. My knees won't cycle anymore. By the time I'm done, I can hardly walk. 
Took my walk in this heat. Now I'm drained. Wish I can go to the graduation. Can't do anything anymore 
Can't stop reading Sophie's World but I need to find clothes for tomorrow 
livin' on the edge...living on the edge. Can't even afford anything more than a card for Dad on father's day 
Internet access farked up. Can't load most pages and no images 
@judypdi I'll make a FB one tonight too and send you the details, send it to all.. Can't go to thing, swamped in French homework---uggh!! 
Can't sleep... watching something about motorcycle gangs on the history channel. Tomorrow will be a long day. 
@AmandaSmitty thanks!! Can't believe it's been 4 years already! Poor MO had to work tonight. 
@pink desperate to get to one of your shows in Melbourne!!  Can't get 2 tickets tho! 
@hollymadison123 Bummer u can't make @Kendrawilkinson shower. Can't u private jet in &amp; back to LV? 
Can't sleep. How do people do it? Is their sleep weovil asleep? Mine is hungry. Nasty weovil. May have to send amy in... 
Can't find my Chucks. 
Can't sleep  Maybe I'll catch up with old tv series.
Can't breathe through my nose-completely stuffed up  Going to read; then bed..night all.
@TadSetTheScene Poor Tad.  Can't live with out your gummy bears.
Should be sleeping. Have a 7 am dentist appt.   Can't sleep, though. ARGH!
OMG, border collie throw pillow! I wants so much!  http://tinyurl.com/m56hl3 Can't justify $ after vet bill for pup's sprained leg, tho.  
&lt;--- missing her BOO!!      Can't wait till u get home! Luv ya  Xoxo
So exhausted. Can't sleep. Orientation in less than 10 hours... Fail 
Fucking air bed popped a big ass hole. Can't get it repaired/replaced tonight, too late to go back to Wendy's place. Argh. 
Why? Can't take a screen shot on my #iPhone lol I can do that until this morning 
Can't believe its my bday already! Kinda bummed that I'm like officially old tho. 23 just sounds shitty  2mrrw should be dope tho..
@worduplancs Can't go because of staffing. Gutted 
@ConnieLindell Can't wait to see my #1 favorite person in Kansas next week.  I have not found your shirt 
Can't say TGIF yet- whole day work tomorrow 
Can't sleep. Doctor's appointment at 8:15. This sucks 
Can't weit for Mia to get up and come on bearshare, we didn't talk for 3 days 
@marcusjroberts I could be a Walker and marry Scotty!! Just finished series 3. Can't wait for next one.. There is now a gap in my week 
@niksargent Can't do anything till new iPhone activates  PAYG SIM number transfer is pending too.  After lunch hopefully!
@shaf Can't you run another project? I have a quadcore machine, running WGC &amp; rosetta@home, because rosetta randomly stop giving out WU's 
Can't be arsed really. Fancy a lazy day but got to go to work 
Can't sleep now knowing about the Pixar story. 10 yr old dieing wish to see UP at her home. Being to sick. Wish granted. Dies 7 hrs after 
Can't sleep! High fever  watching the Iranian supreme leader. What's everyone saying when they start shouting? #iranelection
Arg.  Can't sleep at all.    Maybe I should exercise earlier.
Ascot tomorrow. Chavs in pink limos fighting doing coke and drinking cheap champaign... Can't wait 
@Skehal Can't have meatballs unfortunately  One of Craig's less than slim friends broke our computer chair! Ruuude!
Can't sleep. Thinking too much... 
Home: Can't sleep. broke. unemployed. Worried my love has to leave the country for a new visa  Too bad we can't get married CALIFORNIA!
FACT: Alex Can't Go To TGP 
Fukc me. Why is vacation more stressful than a normal day?    Can't believe I fukced my alarm clock. 
Can't believe this! Both mcds around my office are not serving milo mcflurry today. No dessert for me tonight  - http://tweet.sg
Just found more double-press home button options.Can't see push notifications tho  #iPhone
stretched after waking up and had something pop in his back.  Can't even pick my nose without pain between the shoulder blades.  Owie... 
I got some BAD news. Can't sleep, can't think straight...man, I just wanna run away right now. I need to go somewhere asap.  
Can't believe my upgrade isn't due till August, 3GS is on hold 
@WestEndUpdates Can't believe I missed first question &amp; it was a Sondheim one 
getting ready for work  plus the weather sucks, please I dun deserve this !!!! Can't wait to go shoppin with ma Girl &quot;KM&quot; tomorrow 
Can't wait for the week-end!!! Please don't rain!!!!! 
@paponda I am.... but my preorder never went through with Apple so I ended up ordering from ATT 6/16, still backordered.  Can't wait!!
Morning Twitterland  Feeling exhausted after dealing with a bull last night. Can't wait for that T-Bone steak I told him he's giving me.
@duckorange What about the Spitting Image Ayatollah song? Can't seem to find any footage 
Been trying to fall asleep for an hour. I can't sleep x_x Can't stop thinking about him either 
@HOWmag is there a hashtag for the conference yet? Can't make it to Austin 
Can't believe the Georgia Theater burned down. 
Can't get into his FaceBook. 
@AmandaHeinl  Hard drive is pooched...   Can't get it fixed till Monday, though.  The place isn't open on weekends...BOO!!
@mamlamarquise so far so good. Can't wait to go home. They won't let me go until the skin infection stop spreading.  Earlier tonight. 
Can't leave for lunch, lock down mode. Also, can't activate my new iPhone til I get off work. 
Can't wait to see Food, Inc.  Only 2 showings in MI   Need one here at the land grant university MSU
@scotproof My boiler's back on full blast! Can't believe how cold it is. Forecast for Manchester is 16C + rain this weekend 
Can't come up with a name for a blog. Drives me crazy. Also other than putting a random post here, I'm not very inclined to set things up 
iPhone 3.0 software update is decent for the original iPhone. Can't wait for MMS 
Wrote my 1st WP plugin; can't find support for wp_insert_attachment(). Can't import image galleries without it 
is...really...annoyed...grrrrr. Can't stop sneezing &amp; eyes won't stop itching...I wanna gouge them out right now! Ran outta allergy meds 
Can't. Stop. Eating.  idk what it is man.
Can't go to the Wrock show 
@chrisbharrison Is HGTV ever going to bring back Designer's Challenge with you on the show? Can't get Hollywood 411 where I live. 
@Playboy leaving California always stinks  it's so pretty there. Can't imagine leaving the mansion tho.
Back from school party was awsome !! Can't sleep have too much energy !! Spacingh &amp; my ears are peeping 
can't seem to get his allergies under control today! Grrr! Can't stop sneezing and sniffling! 
went shopping and got my Ed Hardy fix. Now wishing the new season of Psych was on! Can't believe I have to wait till August 
Ew gross there's a naked old lady next to my locker at the gym! Can't get my stuff 
ok ~ so did the whole walk the mall thing, nothing exciting.  Now going to see Hangover by myself   Can't wait to be with my friends!
Headed to NYC for another tourney! Can't wait to be home! I miss my baby 
Sick.Can't go anywhere 
Can't sleep AGAIN! And I have work in like 7 hours 
Can't find cute sets in DD  that's it. I will be starting my new lingerie line.
Can't believe my sisters moving to Israel tomorrow 
Can't sleep  i'm so over it!!!!!  Not in the mood today. I could have been sleeping this whole time!!!! Kill me
Can't wait to get back to a real bed. Sick of a blow up matress on the floor 
Killer headache behind my right eyeball!! Ouch. Can't even enjoy @thesoup 
Can't go to The Features. No money 
I have a sad little girl tonight. She's still not to Twizzler height (54-60 in) for Hersheypark rides. Can't go on Farenheit yet 
Can't find it. Im lost!  &amp; I'm late
Need to eat dinner now!  Can't decide what to have...... 
Can't sleep. Experiencing severe pain. 
Just like last year: new iPhone comes out and my old one slows to a crawl. Can't upgrade cheap till mid-December 
Can't sleep. Miss my favorite asian 
Investigation tomorrow night* Can't wait!!  Cheer carwash at 1 
Can't believe Leighton Meester has a xxx tape. 
@innuendogirl Harmony's not a tag-along.  There was an episode where she got minions. Can't remember which one though. :/
Sitting with Amanda. Can't type properly because my finger is taped up cuz of PE yesterday! 
Can't you see the wall you built for me? We're not special, we're special, we're not special. I'M NOT SPECIAL. I miss TEN, fuck 
Can't believe I took work home w/ me last night.  Let's get this damn thing done before my head'll explode!
Lost power 15 mins ago. 4 the 2nd time tonight. I am up too late or prob never would have known. Can't sleep without my fan!  
@digitalproduct no detox  just did one on mon. Can't do it often...not good for you! Ill prolly do it in 2 wks again
Can't sleep. Headed home. Thanks @thealexbishop for an amazing night! Sorry I passed out so early 
Can't decide what to have for tea. Have the flu, so it's not like I can taste anything anywayz 
Can't get All Blacks v France replay on French TV - just the usual Sat morning kiddy crap! Have to read text on NZ1 
@emjaystar don't ask! came very close last week but the hours were 12-7pm. Can't do that late &amp; pick up kids  Back to the drawing board
Had a terrible nightmare!   Can't sleep at all now.
@ParkerAngel Congrats on booking the film!  Can't wait to hear more about it.  Miss u &amp; your music though.  
@AnnHawkins Blossom? Well my little Petunia, I have been waiting 2 days for tapes delivery. Can't go out until they arrive. 
Can't sleep.! Too late to go to sleep now though.... I feel sorta bad for my bestie., he's had a pretty tough life., 
@heatherhrh I hear that's the common reaction. Can't wait to see it. Doesn't open here until October 
can't sleep. Bought a mattress @sleeptrain and they delivered a &lt;cheaper&gt; one.  Too damn firm.  Can't sleep. Clearance=no returns? 
Stumbled across morris dancers by the museum. Can't think how to incorporate that into my #photomarathon topics! 
Trying to find first fanfic I ever read; going to be difficult because it was a photocopied classic Trek story. Can't recall title. 
Can't tweet today  Gotta catering gig in Stuart small wedding reception only 42 peeps  easy..tweet 2nite frnds  gr8 day all  ^j^
@ijonas Can't find the GP anywhere on US TV. Boo 
Going to be working all day today  Can't wait til tomorrow so I can finally get stuck into reading Rimbaud - woohoo!
Can't believe I didnt get any followers overnight  Only 3 more till 60! Come on people!
@TheSonicGuy Can't get The Sims 3 for a number of reasons  And I still find 2 addictive!
Mornin*Can't make it to the Hip Hop fest this year  But is anyone going to the afterparty at Southpaw?
Can't login to SL must be problem 
infos and I can only do selected tasks as well for this site! Outrageous! Can't enjoy because of that! 
I really want my CF card back off Sharon.. I want to be out taking pictures and being all creative n stuffs. Can't right now cause of her 
I'm up way to early. Hate when that happens. Can't I just sleep in one day 
@viva_knievil Yay! Can't wait to see it. My legs are ghostlike and splotchy   Will shimmery moisturiser detract or draw attention to this?
Must start cleaning....  Can't get myself to do it...
Can't wait till james and sam get home! Fuck I miss them 
Going to the derby early to set up for the last home bout. Cincy Rollergirls i'm gonna miss you all. Can't wait until next year. 
@IamKingRoy Kid I am in so much pain waking up this early. I only went to bed a few hours ago. I'm getting old yo. Can't rock it no more 
@djequal nice, did any of you guys get my slipmats from Berns by accident? LV/gucci sicmats.. my favourites. Can't find them 
Welp, it'll be O'Gara for certain next week. Can't afford to miss penalties the way Wellies did today 
Can only text my thoughts right now. Can't see yours! 
Leaving for Ohio... Sorry friends, but no grad parties  Can't wait to swim though!
@angieODT It was gr8 meeting u 2! So glad Friday was better 4 U! We need details, girl! Can't wait 4 TX either but it's gonna be soo sad! 
Am I a lousy ex too? Can't I get along well with all my ex(s)? 
Absolutely must stop watching the damn Locator. Kills my very soul every time. Can't take it. 
Can't shift this headache  Nothing seems to be taking the pain away!
In NJ for father's day and it is raining buckets. Can't the weather just give us a teeny break for the dads? 
Stupid neighbor, doing yard work. Can't sleep anymore 
Can't. Sleep. Taxi coming in, 3.5 hours. Oh dang shit, I shouldn't have had that diet coke/be a nervous flyer 
@OliviaGates Can't even get to DC for Nat'ls.  Egypt is but a distant dream at this point.
New twitter-er. Can't get updates on my phone 
Can't get VLC http interface connected ;( now i've got to fysically move to my computer for play/pause  anyone tips? S not firewall afaik
@andrea3k will there be a download? Away from pooter. Can't tune in 
Can't find any HIMYM icons! 
@joshuaradin heard &quot;i'd rather be with you&quot; live per telephone. Can't be @ hurricane festival but my girlfriend is. It's our Song 
Can't sleep. Times like these I wish mum got me sleeping pills 
Chilling listening to the Bedrock cd mixed by John Digweed. Can't believe it's 10yrs old already. Must be getting old 
Stephs party! Swimming. Can't go under bc of my ears!  bbl. &lt;3 ya
Wishing I could find Simon again........Can't get back on site.......  
Ahhh I love my LMT. I dunno what I'm going to do when we move. Can't I take her with me? 
I've always wanted 2 Sleeve my arm...But bc of my Profession I Can't  So I opted 4 discreet places on my left side
No picture messaging. No web access. Can't update Facebook. Can't update Twitter. Ok, the last one really irks 
@JamieGator Can't be the words. Your grammar is too good. 
Can't have a single day of piece! Stupid work calling me at home once again on my day off 
Can't have a single day of peace! Stupid work calling me at home on my day off once again! Bah! 
Almost done then off to the lake! Can't wait! I hear its nice outside? Wouldn't know  no windows
Off to Big Lots w/ the SO to hunt for some bargains. Feel a little bad, but the wallet is pinched right now. Can't shop local today. 
&quot;If. I. died. tomorrow.   . . . . . . would. you. care?&quot; Crazy. time! Can't. get. it. outta. my. head! Everything's. complicated! 
Could Adobe make the wishlist URL any more difficult to find? I used to know where it is. Can't find it for someone now. 
So sad .... All alone !!! Can't do anything cause I'm on call .... So sad 
@OmarRaza She's overdue! Can't see her being there in time for the plan. 
Can't find the link for Southside..Think I have it but don't know what to do 
Did a couple of hours' indoor boarding this morning. Can't stop thinking about our next holiday now.. the new season seems so far away 
Sat in the hotel after another amazing Boyzone concert. Can't believe its over 4 another year 
Can't find my headphones for mobile  my iPod will have to do.
Just watched Anvil, bless, they seem like nice guys. Can't believe I have to work tomorrow, wah 
@jeffica127 am good ta. Lincoln and cobbled streets suck though lol. Can't believe its back tomorrow. 
@iaindale That made me laugh! Was she shamed into inviting you? Can't DM you back as you don't follow me 
Can't I at least get a mug or something  Sure, why not ;) http://tinyurl.com/l8jpju
@CSpeedPhoto Can't go. Surgery on the 1st.  Which sux because I have about a million opportunities there...
Can't get pierced tonight. Sadness. 
Great time today with taking photos. It would be nice if my FTP was working properly.  Can't get anything online right now.  
Can't wait to be done with packing. Boring, dusty and frustrating 
SORRy GiRLs i CaN'T CoMe OuT To PLaY 2NiTe... THe B/f'S aN aSShoLe 
@BootsRiley CD was easy.  Can't find the vinyl though.  
Can't sleep  my mum has diagnosed me with sun stroke. On the + side cady is being nice now seen as I'm covered in aftersun. (MC)
Can't eat anymore. Belly full. Feel fat. 
?sleep I cannot. n33d p41nk1LL3r5 0r 5L33p1n6 p1LL5! Asdfghjkl! #sleep  this is rubbish!!! Can't turn brain off!!
Browser inconsistencies will be the death of me. Can't everyone just use one browser? 
@JulietWeybret Ooo, that sucks. I'm sorry. Can't imagine how bad that feels   *with all my love*
C4C Podcast feed seems to be down. Can't get new episode. 
@tarynmatejek ... Cute pic!  Wish I was there!  Can't fund a sitter! 
Albany pretty much f*ed up my life from the start.ugh! Can't i go back in time and just start at Bing. and plan everything out? 
Randomly searching Twitter and came across some Columbo fans.  I love Columbo.  He totally rocks!!  Can't find it on TV anymore.  Bummer!
#drupal fighting with panels and menus! Can't add a new tab to the &quot;My account&quot; page with has an argument. 
@slseveral I've seen just one.  Disconcerting is about right. Can't help but worry. #IranElection #gr88
updated NBN. Can't say I'm excited, nothing but old art... where has my muse gone? 
Bummed. Can't sleep with rachel, my throat hurts, i smell bad, and now i can't sleep. 
Can't fall asleep... Grrr 
@TheMakeupSnob I love DP!! Can't rest just yet.  Have open house tomorrow and then massive bookings all week.  I wanna sleep. Ova hurr,lol
Done! At least for today haha. My birthday 2008 pics is probably lost forever though  Can't find it in my files ;___;
Can't send mms messages from new iPhone to BlackBerry Pearl telus users, LAME. 
Can't get on irc right now because I Dont know my nickserv passwords by heart 
What was I thinking coming to this fair that's the size of Alaska after working for 7 hrs 2day?Can't walk anymore, help me. Car so far 
I miss my baby.   Distance is harder than anyone could possibly imagine.  Can't wait to marry my best friend from high school.
Church won't happen. Can't sleep. Keeping getting calls and texts.  peace!
@Wookiesgirl Can't see on iPhone app.  Will check later.
was watching a documentary on the Castro... Good for KQED! Can't finish though, have to sleep... 
Can't get in touch with Paula. 
@TheLindseyGayle ahh I love that picture! Can't wait to wreck the town round 2, even if its only for 2 days. SO LAME!!   
Ugh. Can't sleep. Miss my bed and my cat purring in my ear all night. 
I've been watchin CNN for the past 3 hours on the #iranelection and I'm severly depressed now. Can't imagine what they're going through. 
@LeanneHirst Aww, I've just got too much shit running around in my head at the moment. Can't seem to switch it off 
Got to do more revision for tommorow  Can't wait until it's all over..
Can't sleep... Too much on my mind 
Just got home. Can't believe I stayed awake for 2hrs driving. Today was lots of fun and misses her yoyo 
@bos31337 congrats! Can't wait to get my copy. Finally got my #rwh copy, all wet cos of the postman 
Can't clean,they're still here in my room, playing. Hay .. Want to take a both na but I can't, coz I have to clean my room pa. 
Can't sleep!!! This Damn bladder infection/urinary track infection has been keeping me up!!! I'm sooo sleppy! 
@LoulouWitch Happy solstice!!! Can't get into 'the other place' 
@nabsworth Aww  Can't promise an update within five hours, I'm afraid. Got a ton of stuff to look over.
Can't sleep. Too worried. 
Can't wait til monday night Raw! YEAH ! i am also bored !  bot usually up this early in the morning !
Complementary hotel broadband service but the connection is extremely slow. Can't do much.   Thanks Billy and Betty! Wish you were here.
@jobigutierrez Naku waterloo ko ang Math! Can't help you there 
Can't fuckin sleep  ..... Too much in my head, or on my mind..
Watching silverstone GP.... Can't believe it's the last time    Grrrr (with teeth showing) to Bernie
Can't be fucked with today. Mums being a cunt - as per fucking usual. Wanna be with my William 
Finally. Can't live without MSN 
my TV broke. Can't watch Rove 
It finally hit me. Bad. PCD. &quot;I Can't Believe it's Ovah.&quot; And I refuse to let myself look at tweets from the Sixters (Sixtahs). 
Can't believe this weekend is almost over already! Post-wedding brunch, hanging out a little more, then the long drive home. 
Can't believe my handphone flexible cable is damaged again. Damn, just when i got no spare phone.. 
Mega pissed off that my foot is giving me so much jip today. Can't walk 20 meters without being in pain 
is really fed up  Can't be doing with certain people already, &amp; only been with them for about 1/2 an hour. Head is swimming with stuff :S
Hotel Babylon is was soo good! Can't wait until next weeks', College is going to be SO boring tomorrow! 
Can't sleep. 2 nights in a row. Sooo tired 
Getting ready for the Mets game. EFFING rain!!! Can't wait to wear my blue poncho. 
can't wear her orange dress because the anti-theft tag is still on. Can't  bring it back to the store - bought it in Berlin 2 years ago. 
I am clearly too old to be good at Star Defense on the iPhone...   Can't get past level 2, even on easy...   
Just finished developing some budgeting software. Can't wait until it is ready to release  Tired now - it is 1.14 am here 
Arghhhhhhhhhhhhh! Fuck the storm! Can't go out with the boys! 
Can't believe it's sunday again... where do the weekends go?  One more week til I have to go back to Parking Hell.... 
So mad!  Can't believe I missed the Connells on Friday 
Can't believe I am missing LL Cool J's concert tonight! So bummed that he is so close and not able to make it 
Can't wait to have chinese food! Still disappointed ocharleys stopped making jambalaya pasta 
@ABC your links have been short recently and just leading to error pages. Can't get to the stories 
Sitting in nursery at church. Can't wait to go visit with the family... People are getting on my nerves BAD! 
@jadeycakess Eep  Can't you ring his house phone or something?
www,stoptanc.com www.antitanc.com  Learn how 6,800 Ca. will lose their homes and land to powerlines.  That means our home  
www.stoptanc.com www.antitanc.com  Learn how 6,800 Ca. will lose their homes and land to powerlines.  That means our home  
Trying to figure out an insurance charge that was incurred over a year ago, and just made it to me now.  Can't submit that to 09 FSA!  
@Negathle Can't do YouTube from work. 
Looking for remote flash triggers.  Can't find what I want.     Back shelf that idea for now.
Can't get football manager 2009 to work on his laptop  Sad panda...
Can't stop thinking :/ hmm. Don't want college tomorrow 
Can't seem to upload some videos from the 3GS to Flickr via email  #somethingfail
Can't believe I only got 4 days left in my lovely school with my wonderful friends! :'( Just the thought brings tears in my eyes 
Cokin just punched me in the face during an ESPN1100 break. I'm bleeding and scared. Can't say anything on the air.  I need help! 
dammit, they are releasing a cheaper 220 with more power !  ... Can't even call it the march of tech as they are chucking the FI.
Project project project. Can't wait til this is over so I can really make the best of my last week here...  
Can't get the image of Neda out of my head 
Can't believe how unbelivebaly tanned and toned I was in that week while I was in Australia. I miss the heat and sun 
is fighting for bed supremacy. Losing. Can't sleep 
There it is That is soooo terribly sad! OMG.     I still can't wait to see my bestie!!!!! Can't tell you when though, @xoxtay626 !
There it is That is soooo terribly sad! OMG.     I still can't wait to see my bestie!!!!! Can't tell you when though, @xoxtay !!
ny 1 have some Twitter jumper cables?  Can't follow back yet.  
@kcenters Can't say I'm surprised after everything that has come out lately.  Those poor kids.... 
@perrythebirman Thank u for the shout out mr perry the bellowing birman how is the voting going? Can't vote from this mobile 
Can't sleep. So what do I do? Go to work early.  At least I can get past the weigh station and avoid some beltway traffic I suppose.
@JakCharlton Can't believe how painful it is. Maybe it's just cos it's different to SqlServer, but right now it's hurting so bad 
Ughhh. Twitter is not playing nice again this morning. Can't follow/unfollow &amp; it's pretending like I haven't clicked update button. 
@bigolpoofter I see that my stream of consciousness isn't the only one that needs a dam...Now I have &quot;Can't Touch This&quot; stuck in my head. 
At stage of day when I am awaiting 4 PPT decks &amp; 3 spreadsheet workbooks. Can't go until signed off.  Likely to be here v.v. late 
Can't believe im still awake.. Itz 4 sumthin n d m0rning alredi!!! I hate dz.. Hmpffftt! 
I Still Can't believe the Attack! Attack! show was cancelled  And I have tonsilitus  (n)
Can't believe Elijah's sick-my poor little baby boy.  I'm so sad. I hope that he's okay.
Can't find any shoes  I've worn these for 2 summers and they're about to fall apart. Gladiator sandals are fugly, anything else on offer?
@ThisIsRobThomas I know the Dads is on your page cos of Fathers day but do you have to rub it in? Can't get root beer here in Zurich!  
@SaraSplurgeon Can't come over today, her mom wants to hang out with her.  My lyrics notebook has been beckoning me all morning. Peace.
PS: i'm in love with Gossip girls, Blake, Pen... They are great! Can't wait to see the whole season, but it's still downloading 
Why is Parallels always hanging with Win 7? Sigh.  Can't wait for official support.
NO AIR CON  Pespiring! Can't fall asleep.
Can't get a hold of Frank today.    Have to try again soon
Can't watch William Gates Sr. (aka BillG's dad) due to overloaded servers. Shoulda just gone to the building... 
Holy fucking crap. Worst day ever. Can't possibly make it through 3 more days of this. Kill me now and get it over with. 
Watchin ghost whisperer!!! Can't bliv he's dead!!! 
Feel awake. Can't sleep, but I need to get up early tomorrow 
Becca and the rest of my canadians just left  i miss them soo much already. Can't wait to visit them in AUG.
Can't remember my twitter password  Geeze they should prompt for it every once in a while : p
Can't revive my Win2k / Fedora boot drive    So I'm using a temp install of Win7 Beta RC1 - it's OK but could be leaner
@RonHermanDotCom Great hats!! How did you take off the green off your picture? I am too green, please help. Can't find answer anywhere 
staying at home due to thunderstorm. it is signal #2 in Manila right now. Darn! Can't watch Transformers on its opening... 
Can't find Grayson 
Twitter has finally gone mad! Can't follow anyone &amp; the secure/non secure stuff is still coming up - time for maintenance me thinks 
Can't sleep  Anybody wanna talk ? hah, advice.. anything?!
and my dad's diabetic so that song is close to my heart...Lines Vines And Trying Times: Can't choose...i love the entire album...  kk done
Can't wait til the weekend.. Going away for the weekend! No brother, No dad! Miss out on my friends b'day party though 
@NWmag Can't believe that Farrah is on the verge of passing away. Never thought she'd die in this way, it's not fair 
God, I don't want to go to work tomorrow. Can't my vacation start now? 
Can't find or config an iphone ssh client w/ true sco ANSI emulation 
I don't want to attend PE on Monday  Can't the SDO make the freakin PEMA forms already? I'm sure it's not that hard.
My head hurts. Fraggot Gear is ready to go live... but that'll have to wait until tomorrow. Can't look at the TV any longer. 
Should get some sleep but first need to pack for  6am flight. Can't wait for  week to be ovah! Knackered, haven't been to gym in days! 
Can't sleep. Lotsa pain and just worried about so many things. I just want a break from all the bad stuff. Some good luck would be nice! 
Can't fall asleep. Which sucks cas works tomarrow at 8:30. 
Had an amazing dinner with a really old girlfriend of mine. Can't believe we let five yrs slip by 
Can't believe today marks the 10th year anniversary that Another World has been off the air.  I truly miss it!
Still Can't Believe or The Losing Game 
Oh-em-gee!!Just finished reading &quot;My sisters keeper&quot; &amp; is beyond sadd!!!  and now everything makes sense!! Can't wait to see the movie!
Transformers 2: Worst movie in the history of Hollywood. Can't believe Spielberg and Bay made this. And I used to like their movies! 
hmmm... Can't sleep tonight...  Bad news since I have to be at work in &lt;4 hours.    I'm thinking all-nighter.
Can't barely walk today. My left big toe is heavily bruised due to a soccer accident   The today's planned experiment is off..
@mkayes  Martin can you check your fav download sites and let me know if &quot;The closer&quot; s5 ep 03 is available. Can't find it anywhere 
Soo shiting it for tomorrow's practice essay. Can't do it 
This is gonna be a looOoOng 2days. Can't talk to Gabriel religiously  I miss him already. Aw fuq me!! Now I need something to keep me busy
@mikeyway Can't beat a classic, Mikey, just can't beat a classic. I can't sleep. 
Going to dad's office after dinner. I can quit this after I go to AUS. Can't wait  It's not I wanna leave here. I just wanna quit this job
Stuck in geneva all day. Can't get another flight til half 3!  may go exploring haha
Woke up at 3 am.  Can't get back to sleep. Going to be a long day today! 
Can't sleep... Jus listening to music and wishing I could go for a jog. It sux I can't workout for awhile 
Can't wait for the weekend and seeing my chap! Haven't managed to spend even 24 hrs together in last few weeks 
Got real problems with xhtml/css positioning  Can't figure out how to put 3 blocks (divs) in one row  Nothing works this morning 
Can't Sleep For Crap! 
Can't concentrate.  Still working.  
Can't sleep and I'm going to Lucas' in six hours. I miss him and I wish I had someone to talk to 
About to board the plane to Vegas! I'm so excited. Can't believe it's a 6 hour flight though 
@shopadidasuk &quot;Gateway Timeout The proxy server did not receive a timely response from the upstream server.&quot; Can't get to the checkout 
@Rove1974 With your new wife i see you now neglect your twitterers haha don't neglect us! Can't wait till next show, missed the last one 
Can't sleep  there's someone ::cough:@sE_souL) missing next to me
@coollike http://twitpic.com/8d0kq - Can't wait to get my copy! Haven't been out shopping yet! 
Can't believe it's morning already. Feel like I just put my head on my pillow.... 
Can't sleep. Damn insomnia. 
Soooo sick. Can't believe I'm even awake at this hour.. going to the doctor as soon as it opens 
Just downloaded the newer Tweetdeck but it's not working  Can't get into settings to change my username/password!
@kran117 Can't.  My aunt will forever hold my internet hostage. She tells me to play DS instead. I'm using my dad's comp. 
I'm going to be late today... again.  Can't get up the motivation to leave any earlier... Oh well.
No Oliver today. Can't find him 
BLOOMING ROASTING!!! Can't believe I have to go to work AGAIN! 4th day in a row  off tomorrow then back on sat boooooooooo
Can't wait until Sunday's USA vs BRA rematch.  Sad that I'll be at a baptism ceremony during the second half of the game. 
Going for a shower, work at half five again  Can't wait to dye my hair blonde &amp; get another tattoo. Any ideas on style &amp; location?
Can't hardly wait for the Blackberry Tour. Wish I had it now 
Can't log on at all  iPhone, ie, ff, safari. Nothing #identica
Another HOT 1! Can't belive my Aunt is letting my little cuz come over 2 go hang @ my pool. &quot;She's afraid i might turn her&quot; 
Boo...to many things to do for tomorrow. Can't be spoiled by him today 
@SolColorado my mind is SHOT!!! Can't remember what you are referring to sorry  Just trying to put a song on &quot;the Wall&quot; like others do.
@Alkar I'm happy to keep my 25+ year streak of never running out of gas alive. Can't say that about locking my keys in a car 
http://twitpic.com/8dklk - Check out my eye haha. Can't sleep to many scary movies 
Can't fucking sleeeeeep  slept @ 3am woke up @ 5 am &amp; now still wide awake 0_0 hopefully road trip this Saturday! Hella can't wait.... ((:
Can't wait for my interview! Hopefully its a paid internship 
@aileenburns I want a kindle so bad. Can't get them in Australia though 
Can't believe Ferrah Fawcett passed away  Say a prayer for her family please!
@KourtneyKardash Can't get up early enough!!!  Night workouts are much better. 
@ladygaga Can't wait to see ur hot ass in Austin! woot woot!!! annnd love the bob with purple, i went the royal color way as well 
ryanodonnell: @AttractMode Thanks for putting on such a great event. Can't wait for the inevitable sequels!  [.. http://tinyurl.com/c3e3ub
Can't sleep. I guess I'll read. I'm almost done with Rant by Chuck Palahniuk. 
@JBagley Can't wait to get my mac so I can start doing that.  Nice one mate. Sounds like an awesome deal, alot of peeps talking about it.
@sanjay_shah it was indeed. Can't wait for California event in Sept! Great catching up with you again 
@G_Ha Well done you little brainiac! Can't do this wkend so after work during a week day next week sounds good 
@dian_yach Can't wait too Dee.... 
@atebits Can't sleep! Still waiting for tweetie on mac 
@Sum41Official finally you guys are here! Can't wait for the new album! 
@bookie_girl call someone and find it out  Can't be that hard. Only getting things down maybe...
@foodieguide With parentals and relatives in HKG yes. With siblings no  Can't read or write Chinese though.
@RicRaftis  Can't imagine only 9 minutes a day on Twitter - guess we're not average either-we're like you ! 
Planned a trip to Palawan on Thursday  One of the most beautiful megadiversity places on this planet. Can't wait to be there.
Can't wait to see the Full Service tour. Thanks for coming back.  
Can't wait for tomorrow. I get to do something not boring! My cousin's gonna be a hobo in an Easter play  
@jbristowe Gotta love it. Can't beat Vancouver in the sun 
@TheDataDigger Can't handle those Chicago dogs...I need ketchup. 
@jonburgerman Cool!  Can't wait for my daughter to get home from school so I can show it to her 
@Mushroomchannel Thank you- the vegan pizza was fabulous! I am now obsessed with your website.  Can't get enough.
Can't leave Florida without getting a parking ticket! It's going on my wall! 
@ejg2 Ack - Can't tell if my twits are reaching you! GG tomorrow night 
Can't wait to see my boo tomorrow!  Nite Twitterville
@JonathanRKnight - I'm ready also. Atlanta is gonna be awesome. Can't wait!  Glad ur feeling better.
I just saw the new HP trailer! I'm so excited for it.  there'll be more of @TomFelton in it! Can't wait. 
So very tired. Waiting for train to go to airport. Can't wait to get home to my lifey and Porter. Yay!  happy saturday everyone!
@RobPattinson_ Hi! ..  i love Twilight  just finished reading them.. now im sad :'( xx Can't wait till new moon x 
Flew to the moon and back  feelin aight. Can't wait to see my girl:]
@theDebbyRyan Probably &quot;Can't have you&quot; or &quot;When you look me in the eyes&quot; both songs are beautiful 
@gerardway We don't blame you for having a life (well us SANE people don't) Can't wait for the next blog! 
Can't wait to see Britney in June- hurry up 14th ! 
@girlLi I'm glad you liked the video.    I thought about doing those things with you too! Can't wait for tonight! *kisses* XOXO
@NLiukin Hi Nastia, have you finalised your Floor routine yet? Can't wait to watch and support you in London later this year 
@VirginWrites Fun! Can't wait to hear all about it 
@ShellyKramer Eh, I took a shot.  Can't blame a guy for trying. LOL
@wortydirds What are you up to, Alexsandria?  Any travel plans? I'm thinking of going to Ca this year ;-)
Can't bring myself to study ANYMORE! Getting ready for tonight 
so close! Yet it seems so far away...12 hours is plenty for me for one day. Can't wait to be out of the car! 
Hey alex. How is the recording coming along? Can't wait til album is out  Thomas x
@Ashes227 yah...I shouldn't complain. Can't wait to see Jennifer Garner too. 
@beverlbr... Yeah Dega... Can't wait!  Have a great week too! 
Aghhh. Last day :/ . Can't wait for summer 
1,001...1,002...1,003...1,004. Can't wait for church tomorrow. And the potato bake. Life is good when you love Jesus. 
Just talked to HIM, stumbled over my words slightly, and couldn't look up, but yea, that made my night! oh my  Can't wait to do it again
@azulmarino New pics. Can't wait. I'm sure you look marvelous.   Why are you still awake?
Can't wait to see the Thousand Foot Krutch concert next week 
@Konami Can't wait to see what happens at E3! 
@tommcfly great! and congratulations, tickets sold out in Buenos Aires. Can't wait to see you here.  REPLY please?
One more week and then 'London Calling' ... Can't wait! 
@mikasounds Can't wait for the second album! Seriously, &quot;Big girl, you are beautiful...&quot; that song makes me smile so much 
@jordanknight You were awesome tonight. Loved the click pose, lol. Can't wait for summer and hopefully a preview on the cruise. 
Broke even!   It was fun! Can't wait till we do it right! Vegas baby!
Can't wait 'til August 15... Sunny Alcudia 
Is in bed on her touch and can hear loud as music playing outside of her house. Can't sleeep! Entertain me 
WHat a bday-party!! It was awesome, thanx Benni!  Can't remember a thing but it was just of the hood... sunny day=relaxing! ;-D
Can't believe that just happened! Ninja, I can't wait for you to find out  It's quite dazzling really...
@ben_stiller You are awesome  Can't wait for Night at the museum 2!
Zanny just suggested for us to have a picnic over @ Punggol Beach. Can't wait for weekend now!!!! 
Mornin'...Gettin ready for @wavechurch Can't Wait 
@LindsayMacLean Yay! Can't wait to see you Belle 
AHH ! F.E.A.R was Awesome ! Can't wait to get the Sequel cause I still have not a clue what happened in the first game 
Revising for German Oral tomorrow. Bricks will be shat! Should be alright, will report on how it goes. Can't wait to forget all by summer 
@grintoul Can't you run the IE6update code yourself??? That can't be dodgy: it's open source and you can run it yourself  Right?
Can't wait for the hannah montana episode tonight! Lilly and Oliver!!! ah! 
@ddlovato Your Awesome  &amp; Can't wait to start watching Sonny with a chance 
@d2_d4  Is that you &amp; Julie?  Can't tell 
@lancearmstrong wow she's a beauty Can't wait to see the final product!! Send pics 
@RainyDayGirl2 Hahaha...too funny! Can't wait to see you there...fully clothed! 
@madmarv Good seeing today! Can't wait to see the pictures. 
@MonsterManor is haunt at the same place this year?  Someone needs to fill me on what happens at Labyrinth, too. Can't make it.
Fucking transports strike! we're stuck in Lyon! Can't go nowhere... but Justin Nozuka's gig tonight n we wont miss it 
@The_Rooster I think its a lend of Fit looking guy, who Can't see them, Doesn't appreciate them, leads to &quot;maybe we can transform him&quot; 
Found an old computer game I used to love to play called Yoda Stories... great fun! Can't make myself get to bed! 
hopes that training with Six Sigma will push through. Can't wait!  ) http://plurk.com/p/p4bm4
First Tweet of I Like Friends! Can't wait to see our fans grow &amp; can't wait to see their faces from stage.  
The new Salsa season starts tomorrow night. Lauren and I are now at adv level.  Can't wait.
@backstreetboys Woo 16 years  Congrats boys.. You've done a wonderful job! Can't wait for 16 more years.. And by the time, I'll be 38 
5 days to go until I'm off to Cabo!!!! Yay! Can't wait!! 
Coffee from Arkan's and Excedrin at 1.42 a.m.  Brain running, feet hurting.  Can't sleep.  So I'm writing.  And plotting  
is in school  But they haven't blocked twitter yet ;) ;p he he Can't wait for Diana's album!! 
@HirschEmile Just saw the Trailer...looks hilarious, really good. Can't wait to see it! 
Can't decide what to buy with her ASOS voucher....bag, accessories, 'lounge' clothes...decisions.... 
@dougiemcfly HAHA! Can't wait to read said interview! Which of the Sunday newspapers was it? 
Can't wait to see the new Fast and the Furious movie tomorrow 
Can't wait for tomorrow!  I feel somehow insecure but okay as well. Well, it's pretty weird when u put them 2gether :|
Dying to use Ubuntu 9.04 final!! I will download it on the release day...... Can't wait... 
@DonnieWahlberg Do you know yet when we'll be able to get our DDub fix on TNT?    Can't wait for Bunker Hill!
Can't listen to @depechemode's 'Can't Get Enough' without visions of The Saturdays'! 
Can't wait to work out tonight. Hopefully Danny will get on the treadmill tonight too. 
Laying on the coach and watching some telly. Lovely weather today, the sun is shinning  Can't wait for Summer and the weather it brings 
@strange_idol Can't make Leicester one  Seeing them in Brighton instead  Gonna try to catch a few others too...
Sounds lovely!  I, on the other hand, have to go back to school. Can't believe i took a five days off to see you/recover. Mom's not happy.
@MsCaliLogan So cool! Can't wait to see you too 
Night MoMo!!! Can't wait to see your hurrrrrr 
Bed time! Can't wait to get a new phone 
yeah, right.. i'm eating breakfast with my mom (she wanted me to post that) !! Can't wait for school to end so we can watch 17 Again! 
So over work. Can't believe I have to do this for another 30 odd years. Roll on Logan's Run 
is soo cozyyy in bed. College searching is tiring!  Can't wait for tomorrow 
@Kyabean Can't wait to see it Kya 
@lararatnaraja True - everyone else is mad, so he looked so normal. Can't wait til next Sunday now. 
Can't believe my @Boxee hoodie turned up already.. made my day 
All windy, feels nice! Can't wait for the next movie I'm going to watch : Slumdog Millionaire, right after I write my next post YEAY! 
Can't wait to play Netball with the girls later tonight! 
bought my ticket to Bro River Cruise  It's a cocktail-party  Can't wait! 
Can't wait to get home tonight. Installed WoW last night for the first time in over 2 years. Wanna get started playing again. 
Can't fall asleep...On the swollen track 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/3ol72 - OMJ!!I love the cover.Can't wait to hear all the songs.  You look awesome on that picture 
Oh man, I'm hungry again! Can't wait to get back and eat! Ooh, and kick some more butt on Mario Kart, hopefully... 
Back from last min decision dinner with my dearest  Can't wait for exams to end now so i can see him again!
@Eliza_Dushku_ Tonight was the best episode, I totally loved it!...Can't wait till next weeks! 
Eating oysters and having chardonnay with 6 lexus guys. Yup...friday is here. Can't wait to see daniel henney tonight. 
@chaotic_barb Good night!  Can't wait to meet face to face! 
Can't wait for the big Birthday BBQ on Sunday! Hairstylist know how to get crazy 
@ElleAyeKem or anything. I listened to one of my BFFS' advice: it is mind over matters. If you want, you can do it also.  Can't wait!
@23Sarah haha that's MY phone!! sweet  Can't wait to see your vids....keep me posted girly!!
Bed time! Gotta teach the 4yr olds ar 8:30AM !! Can't wait for the recital to have my weekends backk! 
Putting together a BLOWOUT slideshow. Can't wait to give this talk... 
@RetroRewind Yep! Can't listen to all 4 hours cuz have 2 go 2 sleep, LOL, but will listen 4 a while!! 
@RJAvirom Can't fall behind on CM. 
The Littlefield Fountain is gonna fly away on the day that I graduate. Can't wait. 
Can't wait for NEW Supernatural 
@clairam Human beatbox? Can't beat that for originality 
@ReeceReece love yaa too!! Can't wait to meet mr. Pierre 
@IAMtheCOMMODORE I&quot;m on my way to Hershey now!!  Can't wait to see you guys!!
@adlyman O, I remember you telling me that! Can't you just scream?! I wanted to scream when I awakened...all late! Into my deadline! Ugh! 
@MartaLamovsek Thanx! ) And next weekend : vcast from Paris ;) Can't wait! 
@CamTheJuice Cam, what's your student ID? Can't find you.  DM me &amp; I'll send your mark. Re science course - &quot;easy&quot; is a subjective term 
Herb-crusted grilled fish with garlic-parmesan potatoes  YUMMAAAY Can't wait to dig in!
What would I do without starbucks? No Caramel Macchiato? Can't imagine that 
had so much fun last night! With ellen now. Can't believe i cried at Hannah Montana!! LOL 
@steph44stiles That's okay. Can't wait to see it!   Twitpic i think is the same login info as whatever your twitter login info is.
@bubblegarm its sexy! Can't wait for my fav gal on Illamasqua to get back to Manchester so she can do some make up for me 
Can't wait to go to Wagamama's!! 
@mitchelmusso Hey Mitchel! Can't wait for your CD to come out. I love your songs, especially The In Crowd. 
Got my prom outfit sorted  I Can't wait 
I'm excited  Can't wait to see Obsessed. It's gonna be awesome.
@musicondemand89 YO YO YO Missy! Can't wait to see ya Tuesday  xx
@jordanmccoy awww, have fun Jordan! Can't wait to see some pics 
work 3-6 then going to my uncles. Can't wait for the Celtics game 
@Diarm may I suggest some Otis Redding as well. Can't live life without a little soul. Listening to him right now.... 
@mtstanford I'm cool  Under the dryer. Can't wait to get up outa here. What r u doin today?
Wondering what there is to do today  Can't wait 'til tomorrow ; ) I miss my little love Savannah! Bet she's having fun at grammys! &lt;33
Relaxing after work. Hope you did good on your SAT's. Can't wait to see you today! 
@ACouchofMyOwn Yay! I didn't know you were on Twitter! Can't wait to meet soon! 
Jonas fest tonight ! Can't wait 
@teacherc Unfortunately, I missed the #Mariners game tonight. Looks like it was another nail biter. Can't win them all though! 
JONAS was amazing! Can't wait for more 
@lahiru Also completed the survey.. I can see it now: 'Homemade solution competes with Microsoft Surface'  Can't wait to try your stuff!
@Littlebird3107 Can't imagine guinea pigs being angry but will take your word. Sounds like they rule the household 
Up early. Can't wait to do something more productive than sleeping... Maybe having breakfast. 
Can't wait to see my hubby again in BOF season 2 on February '010 
Can't cut these yummie Aussie men off when they're singing so loverly in my ears!! 
@BrianaForever Sounds Good! Can't be mad at that...that's a beautiful thing findin someone... I'm happy for ya 
Can't wait to see charice pempengco at Oprah on May 18.. 
@sharparadiso @AriaParadiso @laurenparadiso @ChelseaParadiso @kellyparadiso Can't wait to show you guys  Still working on edit tho...
@gfalcone601 Awesome!!  Can't wait! Only 5 days!!  Thanks for replying (: Are you seated or standing?
On that note, I'll be back May 30 for the see jane run half-marathon in alameda. Can't wait to see everyone in sf!! I miss you guys 
Can't believe the luck were getting with the weather here. Another gorgeous morning in Dublin 
@FransJr  thanks 4 the rt. Can't read the twitcard though, tells me it can't be found. Unless U wanted 2 send nothing 2 the nothing team 
@Yuuka_Kazami  Can't promise you a thing, ze!
@deadric Lucky you!! I am having a lazy day but should get the cleaning done! Can't put down Twilight though as love reading it  xx
Can't wait for the Bruins to go 2-0 tonight with Carolina 
On to Torbay next week then it's time for the race in Los Angeles. Can't wait 
Glorious day in Vancouver!  Good luck to all the runners.  Can't wait to see my father's reaction when he crosses the finish line 
is listening to &quot;Can't live a Day without you by Avalon&quot;..one of the best song I ever heard! you should listen to it too... 
@sahiraa was just there last week. Had so much fun! Can't wait for the resort world to be done. 
Can't find the Elvis version but this one works.  ? http://blip.fm/~5hbi0
@CharleneBx Yeah I know :/ Not got as much to do as I thought though  What a joke! Can't believe how long its taking! xxxxx
@fexlboi Thank you so much! Can't wait to get my cool ride home 
This Is So Cute...I Can't Believe It. 
Can't believe I have to go to Toys R Us to get my fix. 
@iambishop As i expected. I had a blast at the White Party..a little overrated tho. Can't beat Lovers and Friends tho... 
Uh-oh... hangover! Can't wait to eat Pho 
gets to start studying for exams today, awesome. Not impressed with today's PostSecrets. Can't wait til tomorrow's #Caps game. 
@solangeknowles Can't W8 4 Solange 2morrow  @ AB Brussels HEY sollange  How r u? Can't w8 4 tomorrow? U ready 2 hear me sing your songs?
@teacupdancing Thanks! And happy birthday.  Can't wait for GG!
Can't read my genie face  just left phoenix stopping in casa grand for Panda!
@Jonasbrothers Can't wait to see the new music video you are working on. JONAS was amazing, I can't wait to see the entire season 
Can't wait until the season finale of Tough Love!  (i don't feel like going to school tomorrow)
drinking liquorice tea! Mmmm so good  Can't wait for Boys Connect tonight... in the mean time dentist and some financial management
@Dark_Secrets. It looks great!  Can't wait to write more posts for it. The plot's so much fun already!  
@DannysGirlinSFL That's awesome!! I'll look 4 u on TV!!  Can't wait 2 c your pics!
@drewmaniac Touche! Can't argue with that one 
@Thig_Nat just got the email, I'm out with a friend but when I get home I will be sure to reply. Can't wait to check it out 
Can't tweet fast enough! At home watching The Soup 
@junior2030 Tell me all about it in the morning. Can't wait 
Good Nite TwitterWorld, LAST class of the Sem.  tomorrow !!! Can't wait for  Revival which starts tomorrow 
@kevinxsun And yes, I'm already done with my independent crap at home...  but I only have French left, then SUMMER. Can't wait. 
Can't read my, can't read my, no he can't read my POKER FACE lalala (8) 
@andtheafterglow Can't find your entry Jen...LJ re re here!  And I actually thought I was learning. :-/
@jasoncastro Jayysuunnnn how've you been? Cool you've been writing? Can't wait for your album. 
Can't stop looking at cake pics!!  Need some inspiration!!!  Maybe I should check out fashion.......best inspiration for cake 
I need an OWLCITY fix. Haven't listened to them in two weeks.. Can't wait till new song on tuesday!   Yay!
Can't sleep... But I bought shoes. Shoes always make a girl happy 
Can't sleep.. does anyone want me to make then a free blog? Email me if ya do...  
Looking forward to Buffy s8 story arc &quot;Retreat&quot;.  Can't wait to see Oz again!
@rapping_fa Just learned the good news about the ad, David.  Congratulations.   Can't wait to see it. 
@nddihan silly billy!!! Miss you!! Can't wait till you get home and I can tell you about my day 
Can't wait for SYTYCD tour with Ashleighhh &amp; Izzayyy 
@Cody_K Why thank you ver much!  I appreci-fuckin-ate the compliment. I do my level best, you know. Can't let mother down. 
@DavidGuetta_EN  we're waiting you here in Belgrade!! Can't wait!! 
Can't wait to go home to eat. Hope it's something good! 
Got my tattoo fixed today, and it didn't hurt to much, thank god  Can't wait to get the next one. $$$.
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/3bnas - Can't wait to actually hear what he's playing  love you Nick x
&quot;Can't a Stevie wonder?&quot; gabe just called me sleepypants gaby. 
@taylorswift13 We welcome you, Taylor ) Although it's raining :// Can't wait for your concert  x
Gonna get my ticket to Las Vegas today. Gotta check my milage. Can't wait till August 
Can't help to look at my Twitter page and drool all over my custom bg: http://twitter.com/galvao 
@madinalake Can't wait to listen to Attics 
@solangeknowles I'm going to the show in Amsterdam!  Can't wait!
@SolaiGWC *whew* Ok good.I really don't want that too happen. All my friends loved it. Can't wait to talk about it monday in class. 
@cranberryquill. welcome to Twitter!!!    Love you!!!  Can't wait to see you next month  
Playing Ghost Online is really interesting. The new updates are Kirin pet and Metamorph for third job.  Can't wait to have a dragon pet
@karleigh Can't wait, you &amp; Katie always end up with some of the best interviews.. 
Yay we're gonna leave earlier!  Can't wait to get back to Hawthorne!
@autumngirl82 hopefully I'll get to see HTB next week and LA really soon!! Can't wait!!! 
Can't wait for tomorrow ! It's finally over ! Bittersweet for sure 
Korean music festival &lt;33 i miss you ): Hahaha sexy time ! (: &lt;3 Can't wait till SHINee ! LOL ! 
@HOMELESSCRISIS And maybe you will get the statue and sainthood you are seeking.  Win-win for all. Can't be a victim like your people.
@mileycyrus HI!  I'm Eunice Kyna! I'm a HUGE fan of yours! Can't wait for your next album! ;) 
Can't sleep. Fucking morning will come to soon. Have to rest! It will be a new day. A perfect day to start new changes 
Travel blog up and running!  http://charlenedianetravels.blogspot.com Can't wait to start filling it up with entries! )
@jobondi Awsome thanks Jo...Can't wait for her to be on  xx
@amanga46    WOW!  That is so awesome, Andre!   It will be great, I know!  Can't wait.   And you dad's aren't so bad either!  
@Rove1974 looking forward to the show tonight. Can't wait for ol mate @DHughsey to 
Deathstar destroys Starship Enterprice http://bit.ly/2agcTh Can't get enough of this video  #starwars #startrek
Loong day. In bed cuddling with papabear and watching south park. Yay my bday bbq tomorrow! Can't wait 
@MariahCarey u go Mariah,never listen to the haters  I have been a fan for so long and am so grateful for ur music. Can't wait 4 the album
@TheSimsHub Really? Hooray! Can't wait! 
More beans on toast for breakie! Gotta clean my room and study for final Cisco exam, then watch #LOST . Can't wait! 
@ImInLoveWithMJ Thank you  Can't wait till I've finished then can have a big happy MJ day and get really excited for july lol
@rosminah @geniusj Is our north of Foothill area free to come home? Can't tell via iPhone in Carmel Valley 
Made the table no prob but they sent the wrong bloody chairs!? Can't be arsed so out enjoying the sunshine 
@bloemche He is?! Cool!! Can't wait 
very pleased with Wandi's ezine. Can't wait to see the final version 
Can't wait to see the movie Obsessed with my mom  holla beyonce ;)
@meebo Can't wait for your iPhone app! I resisted buying one in the hope you guys would finally make one. I was starting to lose hope! 
Lovin' the stuff I bought online...  Can't wait for my Liz Clairborne bag! 
@614grapevine Can't wait to give Jeni's icecream a try next time Im in Columbus 
Good to see them rocking the crops again! Can't wait to see this on telly later 
Can't stop listening Travis-love will come through 
@DavidArchie Can't wait to see you when you arrive in the Philippines! Hope you have a safe trip! 
Can't beat listning to iPod in bed. 
@BillHarper I moved to using http://wampserver.com from XAMPP. Can't remember the reasons, but they were valid  &lt;/ geekout&gt;
I love my coworkers.  Can't wait to see you all in the morning! I'm sure Ted will be organizing a pep rally tomorrow afternoon 
Hope everyone and their mother had a great day!  Can't wait to hear what the guys have in store tomorrow!
Can't believe I've been a Mommy for a whole year now 
is watching The Nanny!! haha   Can't wait until Friday!!!!!
Can't wait for Mel's wedding in just five more days!!! 
@Jonathan_Hlibka Cantaloupe!  Can't elope with out man! 
Such a great season finale to Dollhouse!  Loved it! Can't wait for season 2!
@wordbk Pictures look so good! Can't wait to see more. Sorry I missed the fun 
Sweet! More kisses 4 me  I miss u 2!!!!! Can't wait to see u!!!!!!
@estrivra see. Told you date night is all good. Can't wait to see it on blueray. 
It's past midnight. Must head to bed now. Looking forward to the day I move to LA! Can't wait. Night night  xoxo
Congrats to the Chicago Blackhawks. And thank you Canucks for a great year. Can't wait until next season to see Welly again 
So fucking pissed. Can't sleep. Way to fucking go.   p.s. You're a dirty fucking player, you know who you are 
Exam today :s wish me luck.  Can't wait for the party tomorrow though. &quot;Bearded Host awards&quot; nominee right here  xxxxxx
One of my friends just gave birth at 00:40 am - Can't wait to see Baby Liva 
Put down my security deposit today for a studio in The Courts for Sept. I'm absolutely in love with it! Can't wait to live alone 
Aloha! Back on da rock. Can't wait to get off this plane. 
Can't wait until tomorrow! Yearbook day is ALWAYS fun.  Gonna be hanging out in the Art room with the group, away from everyone else.
@deborahparkin all good on the little piece of dirt that Australia forgot (how careless!) Can't wait for you to be more here than there 
Finished my week 3 homework  Can't believe mid-terms open next week. Almost time for graduation  (yeeeee!)
what a long, good day  Can't get over that I'm having a boy...My little man&lt;3
Todaaay was pretty boringgg. I wanna go out somewhereeee... Can't wait until Kimmy comes over tomorrow 
Off to college for the stupidest exam ever! Can't wait to (hopefully) watch the #Lost season finale on youtube when i get back 
@the_apostate ooh... sounds... yeah... that just... sounds, really. Can't think of an adjective. Tweet ya later, then! 
@jamiecullum: When is the album due? Can't wait! Enjoy yourself!! 
Lost season finale tonight! Can't wait to see it! 
Thinking of you&lt;3 Can't wait for saturday to come   Watching smallville and eating soon time to Look for a job /apartment in JKPG 
@Esotericam Can't wait 2 C UR Film!!  but I really miss your singing! any singing projects coming up?
Can't work out the PR Connection today. Must be Movies 
 Can't wait for the weekend, BMTH on Saturday!
@esmeeworld Love the video for 'Outta Here'. Can't wait to see more stuff from you. 
@esmeeworld Love the video for 'Outta Here'. Can't wait to see more stuff from you. 
@Makaio8688 haha yes definitely awesome! Btw, when can we expect to see the music video of love struck ?! Can't wait  Hope u're well !
Can't wait until next weekend...Yes, I'm looking that far ahead...Going to GA and a 3 day weekend! Hollerrrrr!!!! 
Our second offer is in. Valid untill 180509. Second showing on Saturday. Can't wait! 
@blueberryathome oh dear I've just ordered it from your link..damn Amazon for making buying so easy!! Can't wait  for it to arrive though 
@nuni81 Love those shows  Can't wait for next week.
Can't wait for the CEO of the hospital, to wait on me today, at the volunteer luncheon!  I want lots of coffee! More coffee please!
@lancegerome Can't explain it that well! Haha! The feeling when there's you're idol! AHH!!  lol
@kiltweaver Can't help it!! Eeeeeee! LOL!!   Ok that's it... my five mins is up.. back to the grind 
At work at 6:45. Pounding coffee and Courtney's graduation later today! Can't believe it's been two years already. Five more to go. 
@StephanieFizer No problem!! Your stuff is so cute. Can't wait to see the mini cards you're making for me 
@BrazenDesign I can see that you are a spectacular candidate for All Caps Fridays. Can't wait till tomorrow 
@StrangerDays Nice! Can't wait to start my fun job! Yay  And I love the host of Sranger Days... 
@simoncurtis Best of luck with that! Can't wait to hear more about it! And I'm excited for your HM episode! 
Just made up this chocolate pie for tonight. Super easy! Can't wait to taste!   http://tr.im/lyGY
@Kaitlin2_2  Can't wait to go see A&amp;D - glad to hear its great. 
@buttonupatetsy You too!! Can't wait to start back up on Mon.! 
Just bought a cute scrapbooking kit from my sis's Die Cuts R Us store! Can't wait to start using it 
@caseygotcher Drats! I forgot I'm running XP at the moment LOL! Will install after next WU finishes folding.  Can't wait, though!
LOST...finally got to see the re-air in OK. Wow just wow. So many theories to mull over. Can't wait til next season 
The concert of the 2 David's last night is so AMAZING  Can't get over it! 
http://foxnewsboycott.com/  Best website I've found in a while! Don't comment before you see the site. Can't argue with the truth. 
@elliottdanger Good luck with that! I hope you improve greatly ! Can't wait to be able to play sometime 
Can't wait for the game 7's tomorrow!!! ESPN Zone... gotta get there super early!! I Heart Game 7'S!!1 
Can't believe Eurovision yesterday. It was so good, I nearly cried. 
Alllllllllllright guess Ill hit the sack!!! Yay home 2maro, Can't wait!!!  Nite big Fxxkin Tweets.... xO
Can't decide between Fuzzball and Angels &amp; Demons  http://fuzz-ball.com/twitter
@varunshridhar Dude! Can't you be a little more careful. Take care brother. 
Theater is flooded AGAIN! Can't use nursery or preschool space. Time for some creative thinking 
@Afrodisiaq Yeah, it is pretty nice.  Can't wait to get home tomorrow!
Can't seem to stop dreaming about college.  It's kind of crazy really... Oh well i'm at the vi beaches!  
@mikefoong @kenloo A FEW, why on earth...  Can't ever get enuff juice?
@choult That's my favorite track! Can't be sad during it. Second fav. is Dancefloor. 
Trying to find 2Mag somewhere to get. Anyone have any ideas? Can't seem to find it anywhere. Also, thanks everyone for following us! 
yes!!!! i just ordered a cool pair of UGGs on ebay!!!!! Can't wait till they arrive! 
@Bosn_C_Otter Can't you have sex AND play halo? 
Tech's all set up for worship service today. Can't believe I have time to relax a bit. 
#3turnoffwords - I Can't Count. Fitting for some on this trend 
@Jonasbrothers We love you so much!! Have fun!! Can't wait til your back in the States 
Can't figure out how to load tweets past the first page with this. And it can't find my location. Mocksville is on the map. Small maps.. 
@Chach13 oh my god!!! So freaking cute! Can't wait to meet my new god dog! 
@cegoodman2 Can't wait to hear about Mary. @SCJacka tells me the character encounters are coming along nicely. 
Yay im happy ash had fun at the prom. Can't wait to see the pics. N yes im mad lol  _XOXO! 
Can't wait to see the Lost finale tonight. Going up to cousins to watch it with a few beers. 
@KhloeKardashian LOVE Joel Osteen. Can't wait to visit his church in TX when I move 
Can't wait for Bauer Power tomorrow 
Can't screw into the back of your wall hanging? Duct tape to the rescue yet again!  [pic] http://ff.im/-2YL2M
@frogboy229 Oh Boy!  Can't wait for the pics. 
Cat allergies. Eyes watering. Hairspray matted hair. Can't wait to get into the shower! 
Leaving Michigan, 7 hour drive!! Can't wait2 be home but 4 now this frappichino will tie me over 
@djjohndigweed http://twitpic.com/5cs3e - Can't miss this awesome lin-up. It will be like Alice in Wonderland 
Can't Tweet early this day. Busy busy much. We had a Bedroom redecoration/makeover. We made it more spacious. 
@lourdesmadera I wanna go there once im back in Jersey. Hopefully soon! Can't wait to get the stuff 
@mattlogelin Hope you two have an awesome and safe trip to NYC!  Can't wait to hear what it's all about.  
It's HOT!! Can't wait to get a new fan. 
@officialnjonas http://twitpic.com/5dkcj - Wow! They really love u guys! LOL. Can't wait 2 see u guys come 2 south Florida !! 
Can't wait for LUNCH!!! Hmmm..I wonder what.. 
Can't wait for American Idol on Tues.  GO Kris!
Finally in Colorado Springs and finally sleeping. Tomorrow starts the camping adventure. Can't wait so I'm already in my sleeping bag. 
is hungry and missing her bb! Can't wait to have u here!! Cepat la weekend! 
Can't get in bed yet since Ty is still messing with the pc. Downside of being married=need husband to go to sleep 
Had a good time. It was good seein all the friends at my house. Can't wait for summer time chillin at the pad with everyone!  gooodnight.
Going to sleep. Can't wait for the season finale of gossip girl tomorrow night! Chuck and Blair will finally be together! 
Can't wait to to check out the #interiordesign here this weekend....and the food  http://bit.ly/MJ8ZY
@margueritedotm Pootie!!!  Can't wait till you come out here 
@Serendipityisee Thanks for saying that  Can't tell you how much I appreciate it. Believe it or not, I don't get near enough feedback.
@learan I went to Morgan at Bear's. Have I posted pics anywhere w/ the bkgrnd done now? Can't remember, but either way you'll see it Sat. 
Can't believe how many people sent their boarding passes through security in front of me. Amateurs. Oh well. NYC-bound! 
Up and awake! Still drowsy. Can't believe i was on d phone til 4am! LoL. 5.5hrs. That was 1 interesting phone call. 
@AshantiD You got this!! Can't wait to here some new from ya! Best of luck! 
is @ work...Can't wait for Ljubljana 
Can't wait to watch 'greedy grandma' on deal or no deal with Amy 
Picked up vintage Jesus today! Can't wait to read it! Right after i finish mere christianity 
is 2 days away from my birthday and 8 days away from Camp Peniel!!! Can't wait!!! Eek! 
@angelapurchase Yay Ang!!!! Can't wait to see you again 
@HippyGourmet Hi Guys! Can't wait to see the show - I just know its going to be fantastic!! 
@wersching http://twitpic.com/5eq9e - OMG! Annie that is the cutest picture i've ever sceen!  Can't wait for the finals! I follow Sky ...
Can't wait for the summerholidays!!!! + for &quot;Her Apparitions &amp; other human longings&quot; - by @LisaFurtado to be released!!!  yay!
Sorry. Can't help it 
@ddlovato Demi I love you too  You are amazing  Can't wait to see you when you're here in England 
@ruhanirabin Thanks Syed, you're awesome. Can't wait to hang out in person... wanna meet in the middle some time? 
Excited for this summer. Going to start auditioning in L.A. Can't wait 
reading..reading...reading.... Can't wait for OTH! 
just finished watching DragonBall Kai. Can't wait for the release of episode 8!  (dance) http://plurk.com/p/uicjt
@jennijuniper Aww thank you Jen  Yep, 'tis true. I'm still finding my feet, but everyone is really cool. Can't wait to meet them all 
Can't wait to see Niki's haircut! 
@paspartoo I Can't Stand it 
@ronanofficial wooo, looking good on This Morning!! Can't wait to see you perform 'Better', I absolutely love that song! Have a good day 
@PaulaAbdul Can't wait for the finale  It comes right in between huge exams for me so it will be a relief to watch it  Love you xoxo
Listening to Battlefield by @TheRealJordin. It's an amazing song. Can't wait to see the music video. 
Can't wait for the Philippine Fashion Week 
Can't wait to  http://bit.ly/mRbJL !!! Perfect present for my daughter's birthday 
Can't wait for Scotland and la this summer  just kickin back and relaxing.
@adiemer -HI! I'm meeting @chrisrow at the Spann wedding!  You better save me a dance! Can't wait to see you in a tux! 
Can't wait to do the screencast with @jamierumbelow tomorrow  Should be good! Hopefully 
Can't wait for Vegas 
@absolutelycute1 &quot;Can't wait for next year&quot;?  Have inside info you wanna share? haha! 
A new chap is joining our team this week...and he loves Scala. Can't wait to hear all the good and bad aspects of Scala 
@VisitGalena thxs  I had a great race &amp; great time at the Galena Du as always! Can't wait for next year already  Great event!
@kterwin Can't wait to hear all about it!! Been reading tweets from others, but need YOUR account.  
@korbz Can't wait either  Just finalising our stay in Big Sur then all set. Going to have to buy bigger bags for all the toys!
Can't wait to launch our event! Check out our Oaktree cause and say hello  http://bit.ly/Efhap
Thx to @mindcomet for hosting Drupal camp!! Can't wait until next month! &amp; it was nice to finally meet you @andrewmriley &amp; @DamienMcKenna 
Can't wait for tomorrow  Have a driving lesson &gt;_&gt; - Not really excited because I haven't driven for a while so I'm less interested
@Savvyhamster Can't wait to read / see it! Sure it will make me giggle too 
Can't procrastinate any more - tho ought to go shopping. . . Lawn will wait 
@greekpeace  Missed you like the deserts miss the rain....hope you had the best time!  Can't wait to hear all about it   Safe flight home!
Gorgeous day today. Can't wait for the outdoor pool to open. I'm tired after 15mins of laps... Pretty sad 
What's up with the weather?  It's freezing outside today.  Can't wait for the OTH season finale tonight! 
Can't wait to see what happens this week in the office! Will post video testimonials soon 
@Linda_Sgoluppi Wishing you good working! Can't wait to see what you've written... 
It's a great day in O-Town, rain and all   Can't wait for Wed. game.  We will dethrone the king.  Whoo hoo!
@wabbitz18 It's going too fast huh  Can't wait to c OUR Danny hee hee...
I need to go into town but i don't wanna get soaked right through! Starting to read Vampire Lestat tonight  Can't wait
@AskDrKassam Fantastic to meet you, Doc.  I'm glad what I spoke about was so helpful to you. Can't wait to see how it comes through!
Can't wait for the midnight showing of Terminator Salvation! 
Tmr will be a GREAT day! I'll be able to complete all work on my to-do list and be blessed beyond measure!  Can't wait..
Love that it's summertime. Can't wait to go ride horses again today at bf's house. 
@Super_Angel LOL haha!  I feel better now!  Can't wait to read it!  
@izzie11 Haha yeah at 5am. Can't wait to nap! @Shallowlikeyou I love it! Thanks sooo much!  Did Grieves message you back?
MAC Awards tonight at B.B. Kings! Can't wait! and my bff Nancy T is in the HOUSE....... 
@ginoboi GINOISM in the HOUSE. haha.  Can't wait to meet you and @monicafrancesca!!!
On my way out to my bday dinner @ my fave restaurant. Tension though cos my brother and I are fighting haha. Can't wait till mondayyy 
? @Alexmetric Hello sir.. Can't wait for when you have time for the podcast. Loving the new single! Peace E  http://tr.im/m4Hs
@topsyyturvyy You have no idea!!! Gosh. Can't wait to meet Poppy 
Can't seem to sleep. Come chat with me 
@PoivreMedia but is it disco dynamite?  Can't wait to get down to the bar, Lauren.
Can't wait to see Lamb in concert tonight, thought it would never happen 
14 more days til the big move! Cleaning and running around today!  Can't wait to be in the states!
Can't sLeep.watchinG Friends.Can't  Get enouGh  &quot;Look! I'm chandLer, couLd I BE wearin' anymore cLothes&quot;
@KwikSpell Indeed they do.  Can't wait to hear it!
Can't wait for  Blink 182 and 30 seconds ta mars' new album! 
Uploading pics to Facebook made me happy remembering the fun I had this past month.  Can't wait for the upcoming festivities planned! 
Praying for great people n great leaders! Can't you see what the amazing things God is going to do? 
Can't wait for Glambert to release an album 
@XGraceStAcKX Thanks  Cool what video was it? Can't wait till we do one 
@Croc_Hunteress I tipped the Broncs, tho. Can't argue with the skills, unfortunately  I feel dirty. The dirt; it won't come off!
At work until 2pm then off to the gym to lift weights.  Can't wait!  Temperature is already 17 on PEI - beautiful day. 
@KrisAllenmusic Congratulations Kris, you deserve it!! Can't wait for your album! 
@AyBuey True, true. After this long it's gonna be effing sweet. Can't wait to race...  -
@blakehealy Can't wait to you next month in Dublin  what a way to kick off summer!
@adulteratedjedi Going to see Nickelback at the MEN tonight. Can't wait 
Omg I think I really need to change my pict. Super face! Lol. Can't wait to get on my lappie toppie 
Waiting for an important phonecall Very excited...also about the tour which takes off on sunday. Can't wait 
@marcusfoster1 Can't wait to hear your new song! Soon? 
Listening to Westlife - The Dance . Ah I miss the lads! Can't wait for them to come back!! 
Can't wait to finish work at 2 and get a whole week off. WooHoo. 
@jubileelau Can't believe people actually asked you that!  Hmmm... Jubilee is a REAL name!  
@Louise_Lloyd Hey there, did your sub order his #chastity belt? Can't wait to hear how he likes it (or not!) 
@Pagey_B Hahaha!  Can't wait to see your purchases 
@tallyg That's awful! Can't C how Vit B cld B a prob 4 any1 tho??!! It's so good for U. I guess thrs a sound reason. Off 2 the shops then 
@yelyahwilliams haha Hayley.. I love the new pic...  New songs? Can't wait!!
Had the best day ever yesterday, Can't wait till we do it again 
I love this weather! Can't wait to BBQ tonight 
@Jonasbrothers Intriguing picture!  Fascinating!  Can't wait until tomorrow night to see this video and JONAS.  I love your show    
Can't wait for POTC marathon with 
To Ca-Na-Da until Monday!  Laptops coming with me though...
Back. I'm dead. And starving. I actually like protein shakes now, but they don't really fill you up  Can't move.
@pcdnicole Loveeeee ya Nicole!  Can't wait to see you in Singapore in 2 weeks! Have a blast in Sydney! Xoxo.
Yes! Friday afternoon. Can't wait for this weekend! Cinema, good food, walking dogs, recording songs..... of course! 
Can't wait for lightpainting in Mexico 
@HeathenKhemist poor thing. Walking lamonia is no good. Congrats on the graduation! Can't wait until you are home  Feel better!!
@Veronica Aagh. Can't stop playing Crush the Castle. Thanks for ruining my afternoon. No seriously, thanks  http://bit.ly/WL5tv
@kristenfischer Awesome! Can't wait to read it! 
My Sex &amp; Circuitry bandmate Pete is getting married today!  off to Essex to join in the fun! Can't wait to see my boys all suited up!
Breaking for lunch (just finished what I set out to do before lunch). Full on day. Can't wait for the team meeting... need to buy beer! 
@michaeljbassett Oooooo exciting and intriguing... Can't wait! 
@barrettbray Awesome. I'm looking forward to developing many great fridnships in the Edmond area. Can't wait for all the dinner invites! 
End of school countdown: T-minus 4 days! WAHOO! Can't wait for summer 
Can't forget my twoys, @BoxdenFresh, @DomCorleone, @NerdAtCoolTable, @Fall4RonLuv, @PWorld12, @DONDITO, @IAmMrBloom 
@unitedmethod You know... I'm thinking... Can't we just follow Jesus? Last time I checked, Osteen didn't die on a cross for me.  
Can't wait until 13NOVEMBER  (I'm still hyper now..)
@MarleneWells Thanks Marlene!  Can't wait to finish this one last exam and be home in PC.. FINALLY it's going to really be summer!
@DeadMessenger That's awesome, break a leg! Can't wait to see the clip 
Watching Degrassi before bed...even though I've seen these episodes already. Can't get enough  Oh yea, brought my GPA up to 3.38!!! Yay!
Mo Williams does not have much to say all the sudden  He looks like a little kid you just got punished!  Can't defeat Superman!
@JennyftBlockDW1 WOOHOO!!!! Can't wait 2 c!  who were u standin next 2? Donnie?
I've got C.J. Cherryh's new hardcover book Regenesis! Yay! ... Can't read till done Weekday #wordathon, so keeps me motivated. 
AHH! 11days till i leave for Ohio! Can't wait! So excited! 
@morteldri Wow... Talk about getting your money's worth  Can't wait!
Tweetland...time for bed. Can't run tonight so I'll be up at 6am to do it. Gotta sleep as long as I can. Have a good knight! 
Maybe it's not my weekend, but it's gonna be my year! Can't wait to go to Warped Tour on August 4th! So glad ATL is gonna be there!!!! 
Can't fall asleep. Laying in bed staring up at the stars, my glow-in-the-dark stars. Little things make me happy 
@Mixedby Sweet! Can't wait to hear it! You did a great job recording us once again! It's always a pleasure to work with you. 
It's WEDNESDAY! Can't wait for Honor Society's big announcement 
@bryceavary Can't wait to hear the record... I know it'll be amazing though. When you tour next, come to British Columbia! 
@leighrowan Shoot.  Got the gag order today. One legal team hashing it out with another. Can't talk about stuff between spokesmodels 
@AnnaLynneMc Can't wait to see you, I'm sure you will look fantabulous!! (Like always!)  
Wells Fargo iPhone app won't take my regular login 3 times so they reset my PW. Stupid developers. Can't wait for cust service tomorrow! 
Getting ready for work after a great driving lession. Can't use my mobile; XT sim doesn't work. 
Def. hungry. Can't wait to have real food tomorrow! It's nearly pay day and I can buy something good to make for the family 
@eddieizzard Can't wait until you come back to Los Angeles...love what you do 
Had such a fun time with poker night!!! Can't wait to do that again 
@Kara3654 Sounds perfect!!  I'm down  Can't wait to meet you in person!  XOXO
@torica Nice work in the vid! The MJB? Can't wait to hear that project! 
@mcnitt Long time no see. Can't wait to catch up tomorrow! 
Trying to go to sleep. Feeling like a kid on Christmas Eve! Can't wait to go to the dr in the morning 
@emilygonsalves Cool. Can't wait to see it 
@serenajwilliams Been following you since you had your braids and beads! Can't wait to see you take the FRENCH! Keep up the hard work 
On the road going home.. Had fun in Disneyland for a few hours.. Can't wait to see my wonderful family and friends 
@liunker I'm up if you need someone to talk to about it   Miss you!  Can't wait to see you!!!
Just got home from filming with the @pwndcast Crew!! &lt;3 So much fun. Can't wait to do it again!! 
@ddlovato Awesome  Can't wait to buy the new album &amp; watch the video!!!
I'M HOME!!! and loving it! Can't wait for this weekend!!! Palm Springs baby 
@MissKellyO Oooo. Can't wait! 
Just had a spiritual moment thinking about bacon. Can't believe how amazingly, wonderfully good God is 
just got out of the shower - I need to clean a little bit and then go to sleep! Can't wait to finally see John tomorrow! 
@_HeatherBailey  Good luck!!  How exciting.  Can't wait to see what you have coming. 
Can't rememeber the last time I was up till 4am....totally worth it though. Great night 
Can't wait to see how social the #twedding is tomorrow! Time to set up my tweet.sg account 
Can't wait for @rhawtin tomorrow...waaaaa...its gonna be AWESOME!!! 
@MrStickdorn Can't wait to get my hands on a copy. Hope you are well Marc 
@JasonBradbury it's a great show isn't it. Can't wait for BD 
@Netra Can't accomodate 20,may be 2 -3 ppl for a night or two.  Will ask around.'
Hatching Pete on the 7th! Can't wait.. 
Mourning tweeps jus woke up 2 hear some good news!! Unemployment will b workin 4 me afterall! Yayy! Can't wait til I get a job! 
