Most common words for this cluster:
[('ca', 1210), ('today', 32), ('work', 24), ('tomorrow', 19), ('weekend', 17), ('lol', 17), ('phone', 16), ('com', 15), ('anything', 15), ('night', 14), ('http', 14), ('hours', 13)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Ca', 0.9999945759773254), (u'Pacheck_Huntington_Beach', 0.6358857750892639), (u'CA', 0.591281533241272), (u'Californie', 0.5184367299079895), (u'Calif.', 0.5169251561164856), (u'Ca.', 0.511500358581543), (u'Cal.', 0.5105417370796204), (u'hville', 0.4957558810710907), (u'en_Californie', 0.49574416875839233), (u'###-###-####_www.rei.com', 0.49375396966934204)]





Can't sleep again 
Can't fall asleep 
Can't sleep  dam naps lol... and its hot
Can't sleep. It's 2:05am--Ugh!!! I'm not even sleepy 
Too much traffic on the A2  Can't wait till all 10 lanes are ready ... 2010?
Can't get past 43 in flight control  http://twitpic.com/2y7f2
Can't tweet working over the head 
Can't sleep  how frustrating!
Can't shake the pins and needles out of my hands 
Can't sleep because my hunny isn't here with me.  I know, it's mushy. Lol
Ah! Can't decide what to buy for birthday 
got some bad news *cries* Can't go out now 
Can't find a good pic for my twitter 
Can't sleep in anymore, ugh 
Can't remember the website for programming my harmony remote 
On my first cup of coffee. Can't wake up. 
Can't get out of bed today 
Can't find my brown shoes. 
The friendly tea shop lady passed away   Can't believe it 
@mileycyrus that's so cool - but i won't be able to see you  well ill go to cinema to watch premier there with my brother: Can't wait!!
I'm lying in bed! Can't sleep - gotta be up at 4 for a shoot!  
Can't say i'm feeling the best. 
Can't sleep anymore 
Can't believe i missed oprah  today
Can't sleep again  booerns
Can't sleep... Not looking forward to tomorrow  too much to do!
@janeybelle15 oh I'm very rarely sick! Can't remember getting home though 
@gameboyguy13 Can't imagine living in  a place where I was scared to open a window - that must suck. 
Can't sleep at all and it's super hot 
Can't it doesn't want to load for me 
Can't sleep, going to be tired during church 
Business is really going to the dogs. So bad   Can't take it any more.
Can't find my shubb: I'm capo-less 
Can't find my psp. I think Gods wants me to be Amish. I can't have an electronic w/o losing it! 
Can't eat till 12:00 
And I ran away.  Can't anyone make it go away?
Can't figure out why im awake. 
@doctorpopcorn Can't afford it. 
Can't find my cue cards 
Can't be bothered to do more cardiovascular papers  lol
Can't sleep  seeing as how this will be my last chance for a few days, this really, really sucks
Can't get her own picture on twitted  I fail.
@RayHughesLA Can't believe you didn't call me about this! 
@beagile How'd @ideguise and I do? Can't check for like an hour. 
Seriously getting nervous! Can't find this stuff anywhere  I will CRY if I threw it away but don't see how I could've done that!
Having extreme sharp pains in my chest.  Can't sleep 
Can't sleep   Needs to wake up @ 5
Can't sleep...too hot! oh how I wish I had a boo 
@mandistar hey. Can't sleep. 
Can't get my work rythum going today... 
Can't stop coughing 
Can't get back to sleep 
Can't get up 
Can't sleep mama...been up all nite  good morning
Can't sleep  damn it and its 11pm
Can't fall asleep. 
Can't sleep and I have a busy day ahead of me. 
Can't sleep at all.....third night in a row 
Can't b arsed studyin but i guess i hav 2!!! *sigh* 
Can't sleep for ish 
Ugh!! Can't sleep. 
Can't believe what just happen!! Not a good day 
Can't sleep tonight (this morning).  I don't know what it is, but i am just awake 
I'm missing my babycakes   I'm off to bed.  Can't wait for him to call me in 5 hours to wake me up so we can talk before i go to work! 
Can't sleep, 'nough said. 
Can't sleep  Always happens when you have to get up early.
@savvasmalamas Can't even discuss that now  the ps3 itself was a drain.extra for even the second controller 
Can't sleep, my hunger doesn't let me 
Can't sleep I feel betrayed....  gaaaahh I am too young 4 this.
A looooooooooooot of things to do! Can't figure out where to start 
Can't zzzzz night owl 
I am so bored  Can't upload a background
Can't believe that whole tub of ice cream is gone already. 
Can't bring my CLEARBOOK !!! 
Can't go to the football game 
In dokkum right now. Can't find anything i like 
Can't stop sneezing @andyftwx5 @raeselle I think I have swine flu 
Can't go back to sleep 
@Billypaine Can't say there will be. I'm on a bit of a musical hiatus 
@DezDaniels I'm wondering if I was really supposed to be there.  I got a call from someone else asking if I wanted to go.  Can't though. 
Can't sleep and is not feeling well 
Can't understand why the internet hates me. 
Kitteh won't leave me alone. Can't sleep well, but gotta be up in 1.5hrs 
Can't sleep. I'm so worried he's mad at me  ugh. Such a bad night...
@stephenfry too much traffick!  Can't see it 
Somewhere in our house is a mouse. It's true, i've seen it. Can't find it now though and the cats don't seem too interested. 
Can't sleep  Its about 4am 
Pushing Daisies.       Can't believe it is over!
Can't get on to LTDF 
Can't believe my washing machine just practically blew up and threw itself across the kitchen. I'm so 
Can't believe I stayed in the labs till 10 a.m...and I have to go back 
Can't find the camera battery charger......can't record  .......(for now)
Can't lay on my stomach anymore 
Can't believe how sore she is from moving yesterday, and still isn't finished 
Can't sleep but I am soooooo tired! 
Can't sleep right now 
Can't sleepp, i don't know whyy. 
Can't sleep!! I miss my hubby!! 
Can't seep...... 
Can't sleep, twitter's the only thing to keep me occupied this late ! 
Fxxing screwed. Can't find any of my information. 
Can't be bothered to go to work today, but has to, it's another late shift as well, I'm tired already! 
Just woke up! I Can't ever sleep 
Can't sleep  i have forever before i need to be at school.
Off to altrincham to check out the area. Can't be arsed - stupid house buying 
Can't believe the weekend's over 
@FreeOnes  You  need to do that in a nested sequence.  Can't do more than 1 w/o nesting 
Still mute. Can't take any calls 
My room is clean!!! Can't really tell in this pic though   http://twitpic.com/4w1pf
Can't walk properly. I think a bone is slightly fractured 
Can't find bandyaids...  stings.
@youngrooksworld i'm tipsy myself.  Can't let me drive like this. 
Still not feeling well   Can't sleep anymore.... wtf!! :'(
Can't we all just get along? 
Can't get my new phone tomorrow 
Can't seem to shake this feeling.... 
Can't unblock right ear. About to board flight. This is going to hurt like a motherfucker. 
Can't sleep, too much stress...  why does it have to be like this?
Trying to sleep finally.. Can't wait to hear from my baby  I miss him so much..
So tired!  Can't stop coughing!  Hurts to swallow &amp; ribs are sore. I'm not often sick, but when I am, it's exceedingly pitiful.  
Can't send messages! What's wrong with you, Glooobe? 
Can't sleep again 
Can't sleep if I wanted to...  
Can't study so on computer awhile 
Can't sleep, but I really want to 
Trying to think of a good reason not to study and enjoy the good weather.... Can't really think of one.. 
Can't believe I have to go to work 2morro. 3 weeks off was not enough! 
Can't believe we havent got #bigweekend as a trending topic! 
My bed is shit.  Can't wait for my new bed to arrive. xD
Can't breathe, can't taste, can't smell. 
At fins wit my fams. Can't walk  lol
@PatriceEgging what is your new pic? Can't tell.. 
Can't believe these sorry ass mavericks just won!  .all.about.m3.
Feeling understimulated  I earnt too many monies last year. Can't even buy a new push-bike 
Can't sleep  I hope I can wake up for 4a.m 2morrow
Can't sleep... and my tummy rumbles... 
Can't go to sleep until the bed linens are done drying. 
Can't wait to get off work 
@rmack The sensitive keywords list has been removed.  Can't see it.  
Can't sleep...   scaredddd..   someone txt me
@lrlee But I want to flaunt it. It makes me feel superior... and I like that!  besides I already have it on stanza. Can't get into it 
@chellearellano Can't do it at work 
@DrJoolz  I don't have an invite.  Can't find mention of it on ICOSS pages.   Is it just for top brass?
Can't donate blood. 
Can't log into twitter today... 
Can't find ipod.  
Can't belive that hes all I think about.. :/ i really do love him.. he don't think so tho... 
Ugh...neck hurts. Can't sleep. 
So happy to finally see my cuzin and aunt  Can't find my check 
Can't sleep but getting up early 
Can't fall asleep 
Can't sleep again 
Can't sleep feeling very weird bout going to graduation, no prepared to depart from my friends just yet...I guess change is good. 
Missing mummy.  Can't wait for her to come home!
Can't find those old embarrassing photos i was going to scan in and put on facebook....now where can they be...  
Wanting to start school assignments..   Can't do it. 
@wajakemek same here...  I'm going to the clinic. Can't be too careful.
@emilyturco yay! Can't wait!! I'm so bored 
Can't watch scary movies alone anymore 
I sprained my foot. It hurts like hell. Can't walk! 
@atrustaijitu awww. Can't view it on my blackberry. Says unavailble for mobiles 
Can't get these last lines out. 
Ugh, sick.  Can't get rid of it!
Can't concentrate and needs cheering up 
Can't sleep...another tummyache... 
@irfanalien Can't be sure 
Can't sleep. I miss him too much already 
Can't function well in this weather.. my fan is broken  I'm more cranky now
head ache. Can't stop thinking about you. 
Can't stop coughing 
Can't sleep , 4 the record !  
Can't sleep thinking about u kno who 
Can't believe how much work I have to do today, my 'intray' is bursting 
Can't sleep...I'm up twisting my hair, woe is me 
Can't sleep ugh 
Ugh !! Can't sleep 
Can't sleep!  only about 4 hrs so far
Can't believe I'm awake at 8am 
So tired and so hungry. I hate getting lab work done, especially when it requires me to not eat before  Can't wait til it's over!
When is tales of vesperia out? Can't find a date 
Can't  listen to the cure at the minute 
Can't wait see my favorite people next hour! 
Can't seem to stop coughing.... and I've run out of cough syrup... 
I need to enable  itemscheduling on a pages library by code . Can't find any examples 
Can't you see I'm trying? I don't even like it 
@ashleybouder  Can't believe I am missed seeing  I did see it live though-that's probably better. How are you? Coming back from injury?
Can't sleep! This fuckin sucks 
Can't believe vacation is almost over. 
Just realised I have @hueyyei 's psp in my bag. Can't play it now though.. 
Can't sleep head is pounding 
Can't seem to fall asleep!  
3:00. About to sleep. Can't find my remote. 
Can't bloody tell if order went through 
Can't sleep  and I have to be up in 3 hours. Fml
Counting sheep.  Can't sleep.  
Can't be bothered to work out... 
Can't believe how stupid some ppl can be, it is really shocking 
Wishing I hadn't tried to change my background and deleted my picture instead. Can't find the original now 
is tired from yesteday's workout still.  Can't sleep at work, though.  
Can't keep waking up @ 8:10 am when I have to be @poynter by 9 am 
Can't wait to finish college 
@actuallyme Yes please! Can't this weekend though   I'll give you a ring later.
So annoying. Can't even have a peaceful weekend 
Worryingly, I have just found about 10 files on my site that shouldn't be there. Can't find the source of the hole yet  
can't wait to get to the docs. Can't take these cramps any longer 
Can't get the credentials for submitting our video for the @e2cong launchpad 
@Ulrikem Can't find him  and we're on a separate island now. 
@FryQI Can't get it to work 
has a bug. Can't even keep water down 
Is not happy. Can't have any alcohol this weekend 
@davisphinney who won? Can't get internet 
Can't find my camera 
Can't wait till it stops raining so I can ride again........  http://myloc.me/1MtP
Can't concentrate on this at all.  
feeling cold. Can't wait for summer. 
Can't say that I'm feeling the cranberry goodness 
@XPLOSIVECXC my bb is dragging its ass! Can't figure out wuts wrong with it 
Can't find my 1/4 in adapter 
Can't sleep - frighen hate this 
Can't fall asleep yet again... 
@kcarruthers Whats the alt text? (Can't get alt on mobile  )
I be sick. Not even a joke. Can't even properly breathe 
Can't find anything on the internets to do 
Can't sleep and nothings on tv!! 
@GoblinZA Can't access your site! 
Can't sleep, just laying here in the dark 
Can't freakin sleep and i have a horrible stomach ache 
IS BORED. Can't even tease people now 
Can't concentrate  need a booster to woork
Can't sleep bc I know I have to be up early ! 
Can't sleep, clowns will eat me 
Can't understand why I'm not getting any response 
@yeahgiancarlo Can't  No money to spend.
I'm so pissed off today n sadly.. Can't even share the reason here 
@AyeEmTee Can't, sorry  And don't call me lame.
Off to the shelters around me to look for her.  I hope she is okay, so afraid that she is going to get hit by a car. Can't stop crying 
@michaelwryan Can't, did I forget to say that?  hahaha   I wouldn't be able to get home.
@oleg_s Can't test it...my demo license expired yesterday 
Can't wait for this weekend...I need a break 
Can't believe those idiots buzzed out the juggler. 
Can't paint anymore because of the light 
#bgt Can't watch anymore 
@prd3000 Also, I am technologically challenged and have a cell phone that only makes phone calls.  Can't #tweetb4Ueat 
Can't stop coughing 
@CThun @regent_lord Can't we just all get along? 
Can't change my profile or settings 
Can't find any pictures  !!!
Just saw one of the most amazing dancers...too bad he is only 17  Can't wait to see him come back next year! (He already has a ticket) lol
@j2klive all I wana do is sleep! Can't any1 get any sleep around here?! 
Can't sleep  arghh,got to wake up in a few hours
No money today... I still averaged 175! Can't carry my partner with that I guess 
Can't stop crying, I'm going to miss all of the cbtv seniors &lt;3 
@thebellman  it's quite messy, I understand. Can't it be solved by cattle-prodding a few people?
Can't believe the Nuggets lost 
@greensuburbs Can't do it. 
Can't believe my nuggets lost and at home 2 
So glad that this is my last early shift for a while. Can't stand this wake up 
Can't sleep  txt it!
Can't stop feeling shittyyyyyy... 
Can't fall back asleep 
Can't fall asleep 
Can't sleep and have to wake up in 5 hours. This should be fun. 
Can't go to sleep  &amp; I have to be up waaaay too early tomorow (((
Can't breathe. UGHUGHUGHUGUGHUGHUGHU .  
@angeloys Can't sleep when it's hot  This is a stupid hour to be up at the weekend.
So tired. Can't sleep have really bad heartburn... just will not go away... 
Can't sleep, dammit. 
Can't b askd getin up 
About to go lay in the sun Can't find me shades 
Reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeally hungry.  Can't be ased to move though...
Can't go out today, no-one can come  bored as now
Can't sleep... Lots of thoughts running through my head 
I don't know, maybe. Can't decide what to choose. I suck at this 
Can't freakin sleep this sucks 
Searching for shoes.... Can't find any... 
Yehey for no work!!! Can't believe long weekend is almost over 
Can't shake my sadness..... 
@iblastoff yes! Can't download anymore 
Can't believe you're taken 
@vprincess can't u upload it sooner.. lol Can't wait.. downside is, I have school that day 
Can't watch missy's play tomorrow 
Can't find cool kicks anywhere. 
What is my passion?? Can't seem to find an answer till now 
Can't make the #gametweetup because it starts when my son goes to bed.  http://twtvite.com/qj7s0h #twtvite
Can't find the shorts i want to wear. 
What's happened to my picture? Can't seem to upload new one and old one has disappeared 
Just got back from my run and now got really bad hayfever. Can't stop sneezing 
How frustrating!! Can't seem to upload a piccy, I'll try again later 
is suffering from terrible allergies today   Can't breathe very well.
Can't upload a pic for some reason 
@EricHalliwell I'm on my phone! Can't twitter and msn at once 
Can't accept reality... really 
Can't find the other park. 
Can't do this 
@OCBrat1 Can't get my pic to load.  
The show went amazing! All the bands did incredible. Can't believe its over 
@Dykey Can't remember the ad, sorry 
@BossLadiToya Can't hear the show 
Can't figure out how to get email notifications on my cell.  uncool
Can't get to sleep, my nose is killing me. 
It's so hot that I can't sleep  not happy. And now I'm wondering why a tractor is driving around at 2.20 at night? Can't sleep either?
It's so hot that I can't sleep  not happy. And now I'm wondering why a tractor is driving around at 2.20 at night. Can't sleep either?
It's so hot that I can't sleep  not happy. And now I'm wondering why a tractor is driving around at 2.20 at night. Can't sleep either?
Can't get on. twitter site to busy   
My twitterberry is broken! Can't see any of your tweets! 
@ausaudriel Can't tonight.  I'm probably going to bed in a few.
Ugh! Can't believe the cavs lost!!!! 
Can't tell who won.. it's stuck at 1,005 but the comments keep coming  #mmwanted
Can't sleep. 12am, too much on my mind 
Can't say I didn't try  
Can't go to sleep, I got a headache  lol
Can't believe dad beat me at darts! ...again 
Can't direct . . . deleted my follow . . . readded . . . now can't direct 
How do u post a profile pic? Can't seem to find the option... 
Can't sleep  I can't get you outta my mind.
Can't stop the water works 
Can't do my homework... 
@babietwinsue yep! Can't stop thinking about it! Lol~ so y really didn't get anything? So sad 
Can't fall back asleep 
What's wrong with twitter? Can't change my background! 
Can't sleeep ..... I reallly wannaaaa 
Can't believe its over 
@lizluvsJK Can't do it anyway, cuz I can't afford to go to any concerts 
@lynnesse Can't sit in the sun today 
Can't sleep.....So I'm twitter-ing at 4 a.m.! i know it's sad! 
@VonPip Can't buy it anywhere... I sold my copy  It's in a warehouse somewhere, waiting for some ingenuous distributor... I've got promos
my cell phone is dead  Can't do anything with it
Can't believe rabbit has escaped 
Can't sleep guess I'll surf the web.  
ehh bored  Can't wait to get my pc running again :S
@MissPressa I wish. Wish I was tipsy too. Can't have any vino even if I wanted  antibiotics 
Can't sleep should be snorning been up watchin clash of the titans I wish I was a god 
Can't sell plasma cuz my veins are too small 
Can't find my phone charger!!! 
At the opticians... Can't read a registration plate 
Can't do KASKUS today 
Planning another trip already yay..... Can't wait because I miss my friends  I love vacas
Can't believe my sister and mum made me do that, The buyer won't be happy 
@kbmphs wht! Can't believe u forgot it! I'm still upset abt the loss! 
Can't figure out how to upload her picture. 
@hollytravels You're amazing. Can't thank you enough...and I will take the help! Or I may be in a big mess without it....eeek 
Can't believe rafa isn't in the French open anymore 
Can't believe the weekend is over 
Can't find my dashiki 
Can't find any pepsi throwback 
Can't seem to add the xboxe3 twittwe account 
#MCRchat Can't answer that question, unfortunately  Or maybe fortunately. haha. I've read some of those embarressing stories...
Can't sleep, thinking things 
Can't watch the hills finale tonight  so mad!
Can't find my headphones 
I feel spectacularly ill  Feels like my stomach is trying to explode and I've got the shakes. Can't sleep either.
Can't go to twain with my secret booby! 
Can't sleep but am really tired 
Too hot. Can't sleep 
Can't sleep  anyone alive?
Can't believe the weekend is over all ready. 
Can't add a picture to my profile   Saying its too big..
Can't sleep... to much on my mind 
Can't sleep and have to leave at 06:55 
@azizansari http://twitpic.com/6dhqb - Can't see it 
Can't wait to go to ny soon.....miss my friends and family 
It's 3am. I woke up because I just had a horrible horrible dream. Can't sleep now 
Wireless suuuucks tonight. Can't I steal internet in peace? 
Can't even have a bowl of cereal without exploding 
Can't sleep!!  watching the fugitive love that movie
Can't fall asleep 
Ugh!!  Can't sleep!  
Can't sleep! I am so tired but I just can't seem to rest my eyes 
Can't fall asleep  &amp; need to wake up early tom. Hopefully I get my class ...
I'm so doomed. Can't fit in any place that has rules 
Can't sleep  damn you hotel room
Can't sleeep  I have insomnia -__-
@TinchenFFM sadly no. Can't afford it. 
Can't sleep?  listening to music in my bed in the dark
Can't stop sleeping  I have slept 2 days away!
Can't sleep because she is contemplating decisions that will determine the course of her life 
Can't believe he forgot his wacom pen! 
Can't blog today, my internet is brokenn 
Can't sleep but he can 
Can't believe Rafs lost! 
Can't waste my time i'm leaving you.. 
Can't go back to sleep 
Can't get to my email on my phone 
gah! There eyedrops sting! Can't wear glasses or lenses tom! 
Can't upload an avatar... 
Can't believe I set myself up 
Can't get a profile photo either  or change any settings.
@almadsfeika once every 18mnths or so. Can't afford it more often than that 
Not feeling so awesome. Can't tell if it's just allergies or if I'm coming down with something 
@dinatome Can't today.  Hopefully I'll get there tomorrow. @jukeyshaw definitely wants to hit it up though!
@PandaMayhem Can't right now. I'm at work. She asked me to come up there but I've already used 14 of my 15 personal days so I just can't. 
Rlly pissed that utsa fucked up my comp more than helping it. Can't facebook all class period now 
Could the news be any more depressing this morning   Can't watch anymore.
Can't wait to eat solid food again!! The pain of going to the dentist 
Can't get my profile photo to work 
Can't believe it's bedtime for me while all the E3 goodness is happening. 
Really not looking 4ward 2 R.E 2morrow  Can't revise! and i know i will not be able 2 concentrate :'(
Can't believe I have to wait another year....6 has been long enough 
Can't get out of bed 
Can't help you @srwdspfeecqg... sorry, my pornograph is in storage. 
Can't sleep but I'm so tired help 
Can't believe one of my best friends is leaving the store 
Too hot!!! Can't sleep 
Or not... Can't even get inside to sign in 
Can't feel my arms right now 
Can't figure out what is wrong with my poor little car 
Can't wait for my jays to come in the mail, but they don't get shipped out til the 15th 
@DarkKnight3565 website only. Can't bring myself to actually watch the channel 
Can't stop thinking about what I'm thinking right now, and it's making me scared... 
It's too hot n stuffy in my room. Can't sleep 
Can't sleep  testing twitter from my mobile
Can't find the strength to walk a few steps to the gym.... 
@i9News Can't watch the news @ work 
@SoSpoiledDats.. I know right.. it really isn't so much his fault it's just the circumstances.. Can't really be mad at him..  but I'm sad.
Ughhhhh back is effin killin me!!! Can't sleep for shit 
Can't sleep again tonight. 
@DaveMatthewsB Can't wait to see you again!  Can't afford it this year though, maybe next year 
Can't hear properly 
Can't hear properly 
Can't sleep and I have to work in the morning 
Can't find my favorite pair of jeans  even though i'm not going anywhere right now i'd still like to know where my jeans are
Can't be bothered with today 
Can't seem to log in back to yahoo messanger 
Can't sleep  I'm tired fawk, can't wake up late, hate waking up at 6 every weekday 
@iNaye twitter is confusing :/ Can't find anyone 
Can't sleep with all da snoring 
Can't sleep because I am not feeling well 
Why the frak is it so hot? Can't sleep 
Can't believe I'm saying this but I am overloaded and not happy with what I do any more 
Can't believe I only have about 8 more hours with the kids...   
Can't enter my home, I forgot to bring my key.. 
@IrregularChoice when you next design, can you make more flat/low heeled shoes? Can't walk in stilettos anymore 
Can't get into workshop 
You said you loved me more than anyone else could ever know, but now you're leaving. Can't we try to work this out? 
Heading to the gym.  Can't find my water jug. 
Can't believe I'm eating cornflakes for lunch when I could have burger n chips 
Why do you still thwart me, flickr? @cufa - I've tried adding you as a contact, but it won't work. Can't comment on photos either 
Can't fall back asleep.... 
LOL! Use of the word 'pants' by @eddieizzard seems to have caused some confusion. Can't explain it to everyone 
Can't shake my allergy headache! 
@CityHaze  not funny. Can't you come kill them for me?
@phx192 So good! Can't wait to hear the whole album...just sad cuz they only played 1 song 
Can't watch it 
Can't get the streams loaded at work. 
@JonathanRKnight I don't even want to think about you all &quot;going out with a bang!&quot; No, no, no, no, no. Can't make me think about it! 
My fingernails look so cool painted in blue, too bad I have to clip them. Can't play the guitar with them this long. 
@supernovakgirl I am trying desperately to find a song/album I want online. Can't find it though. 
Can't find my phone right now...why is this happening? 
@jackalopekid here is one  it seemed to be missing something. Can't tell u what don't want to spoil it for those that haven't seen it
Can't find my pajamas 
@BrittGastineau - Allergies are horrible this season!  Can't breathe through my nose 
Can't sleep. I have the largest head ache right now. 
Can't zZz now.  Bigsis making me soup.
Can't fall asleep. 
Suppper dupper boriiing!! Can't wait for summer 
Can't go to sleep yet, still got another load of laundry. 
is hoping today goes well.  Can't put up with it.  But I know I will 
Can't sleep without his voice... i miss you baby  it needs to be friday :'(
@MRJELLYBEANZ Can't sweety..  sowwy
Can't help it, but I promise I did try... 
It's 2:35am... Can't sleep  But I am very much enjoying the lightning &amp; thunderstorms right outside my bedrm windows.
Getting ready for school. Can't be bothered with todayyy 
Flashing green led on replacemennt laptop psu... Can't be good 
Can't sleep  i hear conan in the other room
Can't sleep  and I feel lonely.
a little lost today! Can't get in gear! 
Can't sleep.  its done with.
Can't sleep   thinking coffee will be needed today
Can't sleep, becoming angry.   I am sooo moody.
Too hot! Can't sleep 
Can't sleep but I really need to 
Hayfever  Can't believe I went to bed at 9.30 last night!
Just woke up with bad dreams.... Can't make these stop....  
Can't i have grandparents visisting.... 
Can't believe I have to go into work!!  ufffft
@pavlovlita Can't use twitter to troll 
@caitymc89 Can't, I'm the only one available to work 
Can't get back to sleep  today is not going well already
Can't even slope off to make a coffee cos I'm waiting for the court to ring me back 
@vivrant_thang it's driving me crazy! I hope the dealer can fix it! I can't even scroll to turn it on vibrate! Can't change my alarm! 
Currently suffering from Can't-be-bothered-itis. 
@andyd69 oops forgot she's not really here.  Can't get on arewenearlythereyetmummy.com 
@MythosEngineer I know. Can't be much harder than green pesto, I suppose. But I don't have the ingredients 
@voodooqueen The only lotion I have is scented and I think it made it worse.  Can't leave work. Missed too much lately.
Can't sleep keep waking up 
Can't believe it's already 3 p.m.!!!  I need to clean, clean, clean 
Can't believe a banana just gave me an icky tummy 
Can't sleep.. coughing up a lung 
Can't wait to go home and take a nap. 5 more hours to go 
Can't access xkcd from work.   You guys will have to remind me to check it later. N^2
Can't believe I missed doughnut day.  
2 hours left   Can't wait to get outta here
@manalive what what? Can't see the link 
Can't go tonight. No sitter. 
I really need 2 go 2 bed, soooo tired  Can't get myself to turn off the computer...
Can't wait to get off work! I feel so exhausted... 
my berry is broken!!! Can't get messages....sucks 
Can't believe he's actually been watching big brother  im ashamed of myself!
Can't find her  I wonder if she left.
trying to figure out how to earn some extra cash to help me out of this financial crisis.  Can't even help my kids 
came back from window shopping. Can't buy anything 
Can't access my email, or necessary webpages. 
Can't sleep and its starting to get light outside already!! 
Eating pizza. Can't eat it though because my teeth still hurt from yesterday.  
 great. Can't get online at moms house....craptastic
Can't sleep,can't breathe...tired of this flu 
@yyusuff Can't addord lah, softwate etc.... 
Can't fall asleep.  
At the dr trying to figure out why i can't hear  this better be temporary... Can't live without music...
Can't sleep.....don't know how to make it better 
Going to wakeboarding.... Can't twitter sunday  Seey you monday twitters ;)
Can't sleep because HE is on my mind. ...ttfn 
Can't sleep  and I meet with my trainer in the morning!!
Can't fall asleep.... 
Can't focus! what's wrong with me 
Can't sleep  I hate this
Can't sleep agrr 
@jaysizzle can't sleep either. Can't fint the remote either. 
Can't fall asleep 
Can't believe the typical British weather!  It's supposed to be summer! 
Can't go for the concert. I hate having a cold. 
Can't make it to work. Probably fired. Oopps! 
Can't sleep again... 
@ohsnapBianca yup, I saw it. Can't go 
Can't fall back asleep..this sucks 
Can't sleep... I'm not liking this 
It's raining  Can't be bothered to do anything I should be doing
Can't go back to sleep. Why did the sun do this to me. 
Can't sleep, so much for waking up early 
Can't be found 
Can't find her necklace. 
I am sad... Can't find the right shoes!!! 
Anyone know how to upload pics? Can't figure it out 
Can't do thorpe park, sorry guys 
Can't believe she's leaving  http://bit.ly/2HcxK
Can't believe it broke 
Can't take it any more 
Can't even recall the last time I created and posted content.... just trying to get by right now.  
I need to get rid of this sprint instinct and cop a blackberry or somethin. Can't tweet right on here 
@DaniCrawford wish u were here too!    soon!  Can't wait!
@HarrietKZJones Can't wear a jumper to a black tie event  I have a cardigan, that's it...
@raylab Can't tonight.   The wingman has been called to duty. I'll drink an extra red oak for you though!
Scheduled tune up is running. Can't really do anything 
Can't find the perfect dvd authoring software 
@Beaniebanks I'm okish. I think it's possibly baby blues combined with uncontrolled pain. Can't take my meds anymore as I'm breastfeeding 
@DavFlamerock Can't make it anymore  but have a good trip!
Can't believe hannah shah is going to a concentration camp... 
@JohnDeSilva Can't get the bottles here   I would if i could
@Cubikmusik away from the computer. Can't retrieve the link 
Can't believe she just stubbed her toe on the lil vacuum... 
People keep texting me but my screen is broken.    Can't read/reply.
@ClodVanTam Can't find her...lost her &amp; a couple more...  
@faxsican desktop for me. Can't wait to play it! If only I could sit in that uncomfortable desk chair.  Seriously awesome features though!
@LilaBlue yes I heard. Can't watch it here 
Can't seem to figure out how to upload a pic 
Can't sleep, he's doing ok though 
@TastefulCupcake Can't, I have an online test!! 
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/6shtr - Can't see it 
Can't find shoess  where should I go besides the tyler galleria
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/6shtr - Can't see it 
@manderrx27 Can't see your pic 
I'm having trouble adding BlogThis! to my blogger blog. Can't figure what I'm doing wrong. 
Can't talk right now cause my throat really hurts 
@JohnMJess Not too bad, pretty cold though!!!  Can't wait till the summer comes back!!!
Can't tonight I'm working 
@TheStyleBox I soooo wish I could see it  let me know when its online! Can't wait xo
Can't load a pic of myself from my phone...  
Can't believe i'm still awake...I'm going to be dead tired in church tomorrow!! 
night. Can't keep my eyes open anylonger. 
@moldol14 http://twitpic.com/6tb9b - Can't see the pic... 
@uhhuhhermusic http://twitpic.com/6sm3r - Can't see it 
Can't sleep  will av a snooze later when gp is on
I'm vry bored. Can't you see it? 
I'm very bored today... Can't you see it? 
@georgebarnett Awwwh I think I have cabin fever  Can't even do simple maths any more. . .
In a lot of pain. Can't get comfy. 
Can't find anything to wear  and going out with @EmmaJayyne soon.
Can't sleep  someone talk to me
@KeithBond how much you taking? Can't remember how much I took last year 
Can't believe how insensitive some people are 
Can't get the smell of cigs off of my fingers! 
@justkimu http://twitpic.com/6r98z - Can't see the photo.  
@loloie I think I've read at least one of those. Can't remember the details. Takes me back to the days of doing ballet 
Freezing. Can't get out of bed. 
Can't fucking sleep.  this sucks
Can't be bothered going home 
@NovaCrash Can't watch while I'm on the radio  But hey - awesome!
Can't sleep any more. Wish I was still tired 
Finished RaFoCU revision notes. Now to do a paper  Can't wait to be over this curse...
Can't fall back asleep. I feel the urge to throw up  no more liquor for a long time!
Can't believe it's raining again, just when I thought the weather was getting better 
is looking for her ru yi you. Can't find it anywhere 
Can't eat 
Can't believe I can't find my cross... 
Can't find one when you need one... 
Can't get my cell phone fixed, WTF, now I have to buy a new one 
Can't believe my wallet was stolen on flight 
Can't find an wireless signal. Hisssss, boo. 
Can't cope with the waiting 
Can't open my huggie 
Can't get to sleep. Wish I could just clear my head. Arrrggghhh! 
@cursedbyevil yeah. Can't watch it anymore 
@MiaCucina we're waiting on orders to finalize.  Can't even finish the loan until then 
Can't stop thinking 'bout J2 
Damnit JPGEncoder... Can't you be any faster? 1 second is about 0,9 seconds too long... 
@johnnyminkley So glad I'm not the only one sitting here fuming at that! Can't believe they actually got a seat 
Can't sleep and my alarm goes off in 5h 45m 
Can't believe the weekend is already over! 
@lovexmonsters Can't see it. 
Can't go on Twighted 
stupid glasses broke. Can't do anything without them 
Can't believe proms over  I wish I couldve states in his arms for a little while longer ;)
You know it's bad when you litterally dread going to work. Can't wait till I never have to do this again. Ugggg... 
Can't sleep and I miss my puppy 
Can't sleep and I have to wake up in 5 and a half hours! 
Can't sleep again.... 
Can't sleep. I'm so wide awake, but I work at 10 so I have to try and force myself 
Can't shut my mind off and get some rest 
@madisonmitchell Also!  Can't help though, kind of far...   
Just woke up. Can't go back to sleep 
Can't find a cd in any web store that i want 
Can't switch to sprint....no palm pre... 
Can't word this apology right 
Can't stop coughing. 
Can't sleep  I hatte thunderrr
Can't fall asleep! 
No network on my work computer.. Can't work 
Can't get back to sleep 
@queercincinnati I hope everyone is safe. Can't wait to read about THIS in the paper 
@schofe wooden lolly sticks. Can't go near them. I'm permanantly deprivde of solero's 
@sunanda_roy  Can't help it...Lots of ground to cover 
Huge headache. Can't miss school though 
Can't get back to sleep 
Just got to work and I'm a little tired from this weekend... Can't shake the headache! 
Can't find anymore....   
Whyyyy is it sooo bright at 6:30 in the morning??? Can't sleeep 
Can't I skip the exams and go straight to the holidays? 
Can't go to rundle park because she's terribly sick! 
@LeslieSanchez 7. Can't help it, you are intoxicating. I'll keep by tweets to myself 
Can't sleep and really, really needs to! 
@kareeeee I miss you toooooo  Can't believe you're gonna be so far away from me in a few weeks :'(((
Hungryyy. Can't eat till i get home from  school 
shitty weather!!!! Can't go skimboarding 
Can't find company for breakfast today... 
Can't believe how much bad luck I have applying for jobs 
is wondering who sent him a video message. Can't open it 
Oh, bummer, my mail is not working. Can't fix it 
Can't find her camera 
@TomBeasley Can't, I'm doing teh history homeworkz. 
Can't i have To get up and clean   
Can't get that stupid overly dramatic sh*t out of my mind... sometimes I hate being so sensitive 
@amoslee would love to know when you'll be back in hotlanta. Can't believe I missed you at variety playhouse. 
@tractorqueen did I? Can't remember anymore. No going to sleep now.sorry to hear about tour 
Can't believe ur own family would shot on u 
Can't bloody sleep again 
Can't stop coughing 
Can't figure out why my phone isn't playing any sound!! So sleepy 
Can't sleep  brain too active!
Can't sleep, leading to no dreams...just circulating thoughts of her face that i see (8) 
@snrrrub ugghhh... Can't do it tomorrow 
Can't sleep, got a sore toe  will have to listen to the bradshaws until I doze off. G'night (hopefully) x
Can't believe the seniors are leaving  i'll miss you guys
I miss my girl. Can't wait for wednesday 
Finally I get to study... Can't believe its 9 o'clock already... 
Can't convince son to watch a movie   #squarespace
Why am I still awake? Can't sleep 
Can't find my camera! I'm so paranoid right now 
Watching some tv.. Can't exactly sleep.. 
Can't findmy wallet 
Can't believe the Indians just blew a 12-7 lead!  
Can't believe they blew it... oh wait, I can.  #Indians
Can't find my brown cardigan. 
Can't log into my facebook...there is some trouble! 
Can't sleep  it's rather heart breaking... Blehhh
@glamorousone Can't... its a one way.  haha
Can't wait till I don't work at west ed. 
Can't sleep.  *whimper*
Can't sleep. Wish this week was over. It's been so bad 
Can't sleep ahhhh... this no good 
Can't stop thinking about the wrong person 
Can't sleep - wish my brain would power down for an hour or two 
Can't fall asleep 
- out for a late night cigarette. Can't sleep. 
My laptop died.. Can't find the charger 
Can't decide if its a cold or hayfever. I know which I'd prefer, but sadly I think its the other 
Can't believe he has to work on a day like today 
@Lizloz there's one field that should have been a real number but got loaded as an integer. Can't reload just one table in software 
Can't get any of my pics to upload 
Can't seem to sleep 
Can't get back to sleep  2hrs until the alarm goes off..phooey
Can't make a freaking layout 
Can't eat properly. 
Can't sleeppppp  and have to be up at 7 greatttttt
Can't make it to @themakelounge tonight!    This makes me sad.
@JoshFittell Can't I just move in with you and be a house husband? 
Can't make #drinktank tomorrow now 
Can't be arsed to travel all the way hooooome 
@cleolinda Don't worry, @stephenfry is getting flak from both sides too, to either keep going or t to shut up. Can't win, really. 
@taraphillynyc That was on last night???  Can't believe I missed that.
Can't take my test yet, cause my teacher isn't here  oh bio department you crazy kidders!
@hanadzul Can't believe you followed @therealryanhiga before me 
@hanadzul, Can't believe you followed @therealryanhiga before me 
@lynette408 Can't make it. 
Can't beleive i'm stuck at work listening to cisn. 
Can't find my pink nail polish 
I hate getting my eyes dialated! Can't see much without my contacts 
@inspiremetoday Can't see any comment. 
Can't think of anything to do today. 
Can't find my file 
Can't enjoy my slushie because of headaches... 
@willend1 so excited about our plans tonight! ...Can't believe I am leaving in two days 
Woohooo! I did get a nice apartment! Can't wait to move in but have to wait like 1.5 month 
Can't get close to what I want!! 
Graduation is in a week! Can't believe it, so sad 
Can't wait til this day is over 
Can't remember her piano keys anymore 
Can't walk. Thanks cortizon! 
Can't believe it, am sneezing, again! This cold just won't go away 
Can't sleep cause of the stupid rain 
@sparkly_says Can't see it 
@raymondpirouz that's nice. I've to tweet instantly. Can't remember some of the moments once they pass 
@iheartbrooke meee. Can't believe it's the finale already. 
Can't sleep.  I want to sleep, but hayfever says no 
@imhungryforthis Can't eat them. 
Can't sleep. Memories are haunting me, dancing in my mind, keeping me awake. 
Can't fall asleep 
Can't play with robo.to and that makes me sad 
I wish the people outside would shut up!!! Can't sleep 
Uuuggghhhh... Can't fall asleep 
Can't sleep, even though I'm not feeling very well. 
Can't wait to try them all. I was a little dissapointed that they said the saltwater wasn't going to be enought for a full bath  ohh well
Can't sleep so I'm on here and dounloading apps then removing them yes that's how bored I am 
Can't sleep this cold really gettin to me 
Can't sleep  hoping today will be better
Can't fall asleep 
Can't sleep, don't feel too well  ugh
Can't sleep  haveing a very intresting conversation...
http://twitpic.com/7ls5h - Can't update @tweetdeck 
@livestreamcom Are there rss feeds for each channel? Can't find mine. 
Can't believe another year has gone by already. 31 it is 
Can't sleep, watching confessions of a shopaholic and feeling sad 
Can't wait for monday to arrive ahhhhhhhhh 
@shanedawson I have a new mb and I loves it. Can't say how much of an improvement it is over the old one though  sorry!
Can't sleep... But need to 
Can't sleeeeeeeeeeep - this succcccks!!! i wanna hear a story 
@tweetdeck Where the taskbar icon in V0.25.1B ? Can't resize anymore 
Why is my internet so bloooooooody slow!!! Can't do a thing 
Can't go back to sleep... This might be a very long day 
Can't handle this humidity! I miss riding my bike. 
Aww  I don't want any of them to go. Can't they just.. keep.. cooking together each week..  #masterchef
I hate this day  Can't stop crying......
Studying for my exams.  Can't wait till they're over!
@BeckyW_ i know!  Can't afford one, i go clubbing too much! 
Attempting to pack up my life  Can't believe uni is over forever!!!
I can't wait till my replacement phone gets here, this one has officially died!! Can't even tweet like I want to 
Can't find my iPhone charger, and its almost dead 
Can't sleep from the pain...heeeelp... 
I don't wanna go to work!    Can't I just start teaching now to where I have my summers off?
Can't talk have to run physio 
@bikebuild woohoo!  Can't believe it's been a year since I was on the road 
Can't find my ipod 
@DevonIain Can't disagree with you!  
@prezisupport is the prezi site down? Can't acces it 
Can't decide if it's worse that my dog has cancer or that I'm incredibly attracted to a girl I can't have.  #dramaandangst
iphone resyncing after 3.0 update. Can't play yet 
@Lauryc Can't login.  The forum has gone all weird 
@mountcomp Can't get past the server unavailable at all 
@ThaWiz Can't download 3.0 the server is down 
Can't seem to install any apps on 3.0 
Can't believe that I gotta share what's mine!!! 
@arsenalgirl if only indeed. Can't out muscle the money men 
Can't seem to lock in today 
Can't believe I'm up at 5 
Sleeeeeptime! Can't believe I woke up in cyprus.  X
Can't knit because of my injured thumb 
Can't wait 2 instal the new ifone software...hope it's not a big fat letdown 
Can't figure out why Unetbootin won't work... 
Can't buy lunch.. it's raining 
Can't sleep and I have to get up early tomorrow 
Can't sleep :/ tomorrow is going to suck now 
Can't sleep  n I got work in the morning :/
Can't believe that The Unusuals is cancelled. 
Can't sleep, I think I slept in too late this morning. 
Serious painting to do! Can't sleep 
@SKeleven I miss you   Can't wait to see you at BLogCrush next week.
Can't wait to go hoooooooome.  I still have tutoring  though. 
Can't even imagine 
Can't find my husband.  I suck at sleeping alone. 
Its 3:00 in the morning. Can't sleep. 
Can't find my camera charger! 
Can't get comfy in bed. body's aching and my headache isn't helping either 
... Can't fall asleep, and I have to be up at 9. 
The gums around the ring connected to my upper right molar is swelling  Can't bite, can't chew..super irritating and painful.
Can't study with futurama blaring.   
Can't fall asleep  fml.
Can't figure out if my crab (in my fish tank) is dead or molting?! 
Can't get any emails on my bb  but at least I got twitter installed??!!!
@tealou Can't - need windows 
Can't believe I'm up right now! So sleepy and have to be up for real in an hour. 
Can't find the mahjong paper 
Can't seem to receive mms 
@sixpm Can't  the owner would kill me lol
Can't sleep..  still thinking about him...if I can turn back time...I juz wanna be with you 
Can't believe this rain 
One test down, one to go... Can't believe I have to do this 3 more times!!! 
Still lost phone. Really NO idea where it is. Can't be far.. 
@taxnerdatplay Shoot. Can't help you. 
Can't he see that I am too tired to chat, geezzz  this is why I prefer to have my driver with me, but he is still sick!
Can't find my fave heels. 
Can't football season start... now?  
Can't feel my face!  hmmm.
Can't set up twitter to work with my blackberry 
@kendall Can't believe I'm missing #semtech2009.  Three straight years I've missed... 
Can't get rid of this cold 
@MeticulousBob LOL!!! I have, have again &amp; so has son. Not there. Can't think where it can be. Usually in same place. 
@pareidoliac: @evilitlsquirrel Can't see the sun. It is raining to hard here and I am biking 
@nadnut Can't get well soon because haven't even peaked!! 
Can't seem to get motivated to accomplish anything.  
@Heromancer I Can't See the video 
@adhokk7 damn it! Can't find ANYTHING 
Can't stand it when people ignore me! It is no fun! 
Can't find a literary agent for my book 
Can't find my new sunglasses 
Trying to write a story. Can't freaking think of what to write next 
Can't have any fun 
Can't study anymore 
Can't get the face book page to work 
Can't see out of both eyes right now 
Can't upload my new photo's 
I hate throwing up... Can't sleep now. Fml 
@Moish Can't wait to show you the new stuff!  I hate killing off old designs, but keeping 60+ in stock is getting too hard to manage. 
Can't sleep  stupid thunder. there's nonstop lightning. seriously.
@Dancingrainx3 Can't wait for your song! I'll be gone this weekend though. 
Can't find caleb at the hub!  I'm outside in a corner.
Can't sleep...again 
Can't eat wasabi peas  too crunchy.
Can't sleep. I really shouldn't have read those scary stories ealier, now I feel like such a baby... 
Can't fall asleep 
Can't sleep  all I see is lightning and all I hear is thunder I wish it would start raining then it would be a lullaby.
Can't sleep my head is hurting this sucks 
Can't sleep...too much on my mind 
Can't believe @xheaziix didn't go to skwl !!   poor @peterfacinelli  oh well he tried !! (wait is it over yet??)
Can't sleep for shit 
Can't sleep &amp; it sucks! 
Can't help how the heart feels 
Can't fall asleep. 
@chocolatesuze ooh keep me updated! Can't make it tonight 
Can't fall asleep 
@DougsButtercup I know  Can't even sing... :'(
Just woke up. Can't find my cell phone, and I'm pretty sure that one of my hubcaps is missing as well. 
@hellohelis Oh. pity  Can't you sand it away?
Can't sleep for some reason 
Can't sleep.. thinking too much 
@richardlai are you being paid by apple to make me want to buy one!?!? Can't afford it 
Can't sl33p 
Can't stopo thinking about him... I dreamed of him tonight 
@Epigrammist Can't. 
@jflanigan Can't make it.  
Can't wait for new moon  XD
Can't download adobe air at work 
Can't breathe... 
Can't belive were over  i could never see this happining. I'll miss you &lt;3 and still love you&lt;3
Can't feel my legs anymore... can't even sit down without screeching in pain  I hate PhysEd!
Can't sleep right, nose is a faucet, feel so weak. 
Can't find my make up brushes 
Wish I was at #hcmd09 today, but it completely passed me by.  Can't wait to check out the stream though!
@RiddleSpider Sort of. Can't think of what to do to have a good day 
Can't believe Boots is being taken away 
Still at work.. Can't believe I've got like 3hrs to go yet!  http://myloc.me/4thC
Can't believe I jus ate a 5 dollar foot long and I'm still mad hungry 
@ComcastSteve Can't d you because you aren't following me 
@ilmv where are you watching that? Can't see it on tv 
Can't believe that I lost my claghdagh ring today at the beach. 
I want to stop smoking this year. Can't believe I can manage it! 
@KristenCampisi What makes me feel really bad is if @joeymcintyre picks me as a volunteer for the book drive. Can't commit to it now. 
@YoungSimmons Can't hit u back 
@entity05 Apparently not  Can't wait to get them back and embarrass them in the mall when they're older.
@rosepixie Can't you just pay a late fee maybe maybe?! 
Can't drive anywhere for the lack of gas. 
Can't believe how bad my ankle hurts 
Can't get an anecdote 
Can't sleep  so I'm going to cough and wheeze with you guys
Can't believe It's finally friday!! days go by soo fast 
@marissaferrito yeah! Can't even get a dd to crapplebees. Now I have to pace myself 
Can't rly concentrate on this movie now! Just too worried! 
@ReineM Can't get in chat. Can't even listen to the show 
@honk4peace Can't take it because it interferes with another med I take, unfortunately. 
Can't believe DiceK's record this year 
Can't believe how tired I am tonight.... good gracious... 
I have too many books...I just went through them and got rid of over 100 today. Can't bear to part with any more. 
Can't sleep cause of the  thunderstorm 
@StarfishDanehh I can't! 1. I'm bowling. 2. Can't get dads inet to work. 3. He doesn't have msn 
Can't focus 
Can't drink !  its heLLL
Can't wait to finally see my baby!! It's been a week!! 
Can't handle my liquor like I use to  damnn all you and your handing out drinks!
Can't sleep. 8 hour headaches suck. 
Can't sleep for anything 
Can't call parents 
Can't sleep...watching tv...Missing my baby 
Can't find a timeline 
URRRRRRRRGH  Can't wait until 5:30 when I can come home and sleep again!
Can't sleep  why am I alllllwwwwaayys thinking?
Can't get to sleep  I think I have sleep cycle issues...
Can't wait to see boo tomorrow. i didn't get to see him that long tonight. 
Can't sleep bored too much on my mind  ??? What to do just laying here maybe ill fall asleep he he......... Maybe
Can't fall asleep 
Who texts people at 9am!!! Can't get back to sleep 
Can't find a nice bag for my notebook 
Can't find fighters live stream! 
@Lf1983 aye its ok. Not as bad today. Can't listen to the radio though 
Can't go to Swiftyyyy  but ah wells, i'm seeing miley &amp; metro.
should do some work now really... Can't be bothered again  This isn't good.
@alexmccarty Can't say I blame you 
Can't believe I fell asleep while talking on the phone... I feel pretty retarded... I didn't mean to do it... 
Can't study that fucking history 
Can't sleep  reaching for an ambien. I hate those things but they work at least.
Can't sleep anymore haha 
@QueenM81 that's what I thought ;-). Can't imagine the mmt when her parents found her 
Can't get any of the 3 computers in the house to work 
Can't find my glasses, now I'm blind 
Can't belive the weather grrrrr 
It sucks that it's raining. Can't cut the grass now. 
Can't find my sunglasses. 
Can't sleep any longer because my dream got me thinking 
Can't wait to fully move on with my life. I can no longer dwell on questions that have no answers     ugh.
Can't wait to fully move on with my life. I can no longer dwell on questions that have no answers  ugh.  #brokenheart
@Lilimich I know  Can't buy stuff,can't enter contests....
Can't believe my name is earl has been cancelled 
Can't think of anything to twitter 
Can't find my dog 
Acoustic solo shows are lonely   Can't wait to play though,bring it x
Can't go tubing in the chattahoochess with @jangmia and @dianejihaepark because of kristoffer park 
@wolkenfuehlen Me too, lol. I'll probably get used to it just when it's over  Can't wait, though.
Can't work twitpix. 
This sucks. Can't believe I'm not playing tonight 
Omfg. Can't believe that my boyzone tour is over  xx
Can't stand this I am myself and I feel so ill  
Can't spell 
Can't believe it. I miss my G 
Can't believe I'm still sick. Hospitals aren't as fun as they use to be when I was a kid. 
Can't sleep hollie has taken over the bed 
@maccast Can't seem to duplicate it 
Can't eat, can't sleep, can't breathe... But I CAN update my twitter! I'm sickyy 
Can't sleep and is very hungry 
Can't find a hotel 
@vimalg2 But I'm still writing code  Can't tear myself away 
Can't sleep. I wanna go out and meet new people. 
Can't find my id 
Can't fall asleep! Even though i was driving for 9 hours straight. 
Can't believe I finally got to work with @benvigil tonight and I didn't even get a hug! 
Can't sleep. I miss my bumblebee 
@MartyBTV so are you lying under the blankets twittering like me? Can't sleep... 
Can't believe I'm back at work 2moro 
Can't fall asleep 
Ugh. Can't sleep. 
Finally time for bed. Can't believe yvette is really leaving. 
Can't find my black skinnies with the chain 
Can't shake off the weekend migraine 
Can't wait till I get home.. *sigh* but still 4 hours to go  http://myloc.me/4PkF
Waiting for F1 to start. Can't believe I'm not there watchin it live for the second year 
Tired! Can't sleep for hours though. 
Can't believe its been a whole year 
Can't understand why i'm so tired after 2 nights of good sleep 
Can't go to church because of my ankle 
@indiecindy93 Can't I stay for lunch? 
Can't wait for ultrasn0w 
@bentriderro NO! Can't have my shiny  whaaaaaa - you do know I still have time to show up don't you 
Can't believe how quiet its been in work this weekend 
Can't wait for top gear tonight!! Although I may miss it. 
feel about 80!  Can't do all nighters like I used to 
Can't buy my vespa just yet 
thus.makes.flying.ants.very.scary.and.hurty..  &lt;~Ca$Uiio~&gt;
Can't pick a song and was supposed to confirm one about 3 hours ago!!! 
Can't sleep, again 
@decor8  Can't blame you, it's so gorgeous and elegant! 
@dsmith33 what's happening? Can't watch. 
Can't believe that jon and kate are over.seriously saddest thing ever 
@bcluxton so i've heard.  Can't have a show with one of them gone 
Just had the sacriest dream ever. Can't seem to fall back asleep. 
Can't let it go. She wins today 
@pbartworks - Can't tomorrow, don't have the car 
Can't cook.. Or bake!  my cookies aren't coming out like cookies.
Can't believe that he's &quot;too busy&quot; to talk to me 
Can't sleep. Agghhh insommmm... 
Can't get my pic to upload 
Going to airport in 1 hour. Can't find spinning pen 
@JonathanRKnight Can't open link 
@bookwoman60 Evenings are usually pleasant here too. I normally swim after dinner.  Can't tonight because of adding chemicals though.  
Can't sleep.. A women is singing outside our window... 
it's toooo warm. Can't sleep 
@katem3   Cheeeer up  Can't be all bad 
@erickabee Watched that.. Can't believe it.. 
So weird being alone in bed  I miss luke more than I thought was possible! Can't sleep 
@MeiMei_SungBuhh Can't you try to come back? We really do miss you and your hands 
Can't believe it took me this long to start blogging. I'm becoming an old foggie.  ateeyalail.blogspot.com
@hawtxxx  whats your name on stickam? Can't find you anymore... 
I'm going to bed.  Can't eat and I'm tired, it's like dying all over again.
Can't sleep again 
@blogomomma  No, didn't know any of this  Can't believe how much I missed!
Can't sleep...too flippin' much on my mind... 
Can't fall asleep, it's like 100 degrees...what happened to air conditioning???  I'm supposed to get up early
Can't stand looking at the news, even online. We live in a sad, morally screwed up placed. 
Can't freakin sleeep 
Getting very anxious for my interview for tomorrow. Can't sleep, mind is racing, and I'm broken @buckwheatotay. Lol 
Can't sleep at all   basically crushed wish I could just forget it all.....make it go away
Can't sleep. So sore and uncomfortable. 
Can't stop thinking of a certain girl. To bad she lives so far away 
So sick, in bed. Can't get up head spins ssuucckkyy 
Can't believe I'm back at work already, surely I haven't had a week off?! 
Can't sleep  I just saw like 5 ppl update using 'HA' instead of 'HER'...all I have to say to that is really?
Can't sleep need sm1 to comfort me 
Seriously been up all freaking night. I'm so tired. Can't fall asleep 
I keep thinking what app should do instead of what I should do to make it do that. Can't estimate my work when my brain is like that 
Can't wait for next week. 
Up in the middle of the night.  Can't sleep 
Can't keep my eyes open today.. 
@MelitaWhite ohhhhhh so jealous! Can't find a gluten free bread that is edible, so no bread and butter pudding for me 
Can't sleep again 
Can't really sunbathe as builders on buildong opposite my balcony 
@angelface0608 Can't log in to work 
Can't sleep in cars 
Can't get any sleep 
http://twitpic.com/8dlzj - Aaarrrrgghhhh!! Can't be there that night... 
Can't believe there's still half an hour left at work 
@JuanD_ Can't really call it then since I'm not getting paid. 
Can't seem 2get back into the swing of things here- feel very lethargic and tired 
Can't believe farrah fawcett died! 
@AttractMode Thanks for putting on such a great event. Can't wait for the inevitable sequels! 
Can't wait for tomorrow 
@Cookieex3 awesome!! Can't wait to see it!! 
@katetrussler would like to see those! Can't you pull off a jpg of one slide and post it? 
Revising under way...not too bad actually! Can't wait to finish though! 
Getting ready to strike a pose for all the managers hahah Can't wait to see my boo...Nizzzzllleee!!! 
@vpz Can't say I blame you.  If I ever get to that point, I may just do the same.  
just renewed 80 domains. Can't afford food for like 9 years 
@emily5burns Can't wait to see you! 
Can't wait for the party tonight! 
@frankparker O I know! Can't help gettin excited bout it, myself! Turns me on, totally! I get too excited! Just like a little kid! 
Never knew watching off-roading would be so awesome. Can't wait to drive tomorrow 
Can't wait to start running again!!! 
@SiminaCoralia Can't wait to finish it! 
Can't wait for what the future will bring! I was scared to finish uni, but excited now    (im such a loser, lol) &amp; I love my lovely lukus!
@MussoMitchel Can't wait for the new episode! Loliver! 
@iamkhayyam Why thanks! Can't wait to hear from #aguywhoknowsaguy 
Can't wait until graduation!!!!!!! 
@itsgenesis Congrats mama! Can't wait to see it! 
@theothermousie I love cupcakes   Can't help myself!
@Lizinhollywood  Can't wait!!!
Can't sleep. But I do now have a cool collage of men's styles 
Can't wait for the recordings to be mastered!!!! 
Can't wait for my bday!! 28 of april! only 9 days left!! 
Can't wait to see her!  enjoy your babymoon!
I getting myself together for a nice ride to Redlands, Ca. 
Can't wait for @jbird42 to get home. 
@rqui Can't wait for you guys to be back tomorrow! 
@KatieMcGinn congrats!!! Can't wait to see it 
Can't sleep but i'll try to. G'night. 
@thetwinz  amazing! Can't wait to start working with such creative &amp; talented ladies  ((Joanny))
@arnefismen Can't wait! 
6:20 and I'll be there! Can't wait to go jump around! 
Can't wait for Nandoooo's 
I just received some good news! Can't wait! 
I'm soooo tired!  I'm going to bed now so I can get up early and go shopping with T.  Can't wait!
@kristarella Can't skim as much if you have to focus for 8000 pixels across the blasted screen.  
@dustinfaber Going to get it tomorrow.    Can't WAIT!!!
Can't get my bracelet off so tonight I'm sleeping with jesus (wwjd bracelet) 
I'm missing my babycakes   I'm off to bed.  Can't wait for him to call me in 5 hours to wake me up so we can talk before i go to work! 
@supereriko omg ya i know. Can't wait! 
@liormusic we'll be there tonight! Can't wait! 
@zomb1etron Can't fail if you don't try 
@_supernatural_ okay, have fun  Can't wait to see the results.
Can't wait for the 4th of may.. 
@xxangella Yeaaaaahhhh tonight.......Can't wait! 
Can't stop obsessing over new apps and totally gets it now!!  
@Antiquebasket Can't complain! How are you? 
@nin_janine Aww . hahahaha . Can't wait to see you tom ! 
@LazyGenius Can't complain! The sun is out, so I'm happy! 
@gopalraju I am already in... Can't wait.. 
@GiColombo Yay!!! Can't Wait!!! 
@happygirl616 Can't wait to see all of the derby hats out there today! 
Can't wait for later &lt;3! 
Can't think of a better way to wake up 
@ValarieGibbs  Awe that's so cool!! Can't wait to see them! 
@Chrisbookarama Can't wait to see them 
@JonathanRKnight Can't be any worse than a worm being in it. 
@Malferret lol nice.. Can't wait for the sixth movie 
@cartoonmoney Can't wait until it starts here 
1OOth update right here! :O Yay for meeee!    Can't wait for my sundaaaaay din dins 
I love when I dream about you at night. I always wake up happy then! Can't wait to see and talk to you again! 
Can't wait to see my dearest friend! 
@Footdr69 Can't wait to get creative in the new place! I'll send you pics 
 Can't wait to see the garden!
Can't wait to finally see hannah ah 
@iamyourending_ i have no idea...Can't wait to find out though 
@KeepinUpWKris oh I'm watching that!! Can't wait 
@meganann0404 ok hopefully it wasn't bad. I'll make you feel better. Can't wait to see you too! 
So stoked about tomorrow!  Can't wait!
Can't we all just get along? I mean when in doubt, hug it out!  lol
Finally landed!!! Yayyy  almost home. Can't wait to lay in my bed.
Can't sleep I'm watching A movie that I don't know the title 
@DavidArchie What to do this morning? You should follow me haha. Can't wait to meet you this summer! 
@DonniesCupcake i bet they will be great bags! Can't wait! 
Can't sleep but is happy that the Fugees are keeping him company 
rock pooling.  Can't believe I get paid for this! 
@paulcockerton that is truly impressive. Can't come close to that. Takes the argument over whether web needs subs to a new level though 
@LCLaurenConrad Can't wait to see it tonite!! should be hilarious 
Goingto the airport soon and then going to meet my wedding photographer!! Can't wait 
@DoctahAna Can't really do anything about that, now can I? 
Can't wait for the next twitter. 
Can't wait to go to bed 
@PhillyD I love your show! I've subscribed and following your tweets. Can't wait to see more 
@ashgen sounds good!! Can't wait 
Can't wait 4 a real bed!  haha
Can't wait for @timminchin live! It's ages away but still I should do a @DancingRocks and plan what I'm going to wear lol 
Can't believe the weather's so good, i'm sunbathing in the garden and i'm debating revision 
Can't beat sun &amp; blue skies 
@twitmatic Thanks.. Can't wait to get started with the service... 
Can't believe that he added me.  ~AfterTonight&lt;3
excitedly awaiting graduation  Can't believe college is over.
@maddsie Actually I've learned about it from Archuletafans.com.  Can't wait to know the results..Lol
@annspade We're settingthe date for that thingy very soon  Can't wait
@jowyang Can't wait  good luck@ #csn09
#lost Can't believe everyone is dead!!  I didn't see that coming!  (Only joking, wouldn't spoil it - not seen it myself yet!) 
@sueannajoe Insyaallah I'm coming. Can't wait to the place 
@mrming Can't believe you gave up working here to go and do that nonsense 
@AuMagazine I know! It's looking great! Can't wait  #transbelfast
@eniac it's cool  Can't wait to watch the new star trek movie 
@nicksantino I ammm. Can't wait ! 
@lrlee But I want to flaunt it. It makes me feel superior... and I like that!  besides I already have it on stanza. Can't get into it 
@jmecss85 I'm so excited you're a twitter fan!! Can't wait to drink with you again soon girly 
@Vianessa well I'll be there!!! Can't wait to see you mama  xoxo
So tired from the carnival. Can't sleep and i finally got to C my bf Yay! 
@misspearlygates Can't wait to hear what you think!!! 
Can't belive pete is in the same building as pete wentz 
@sinfulsignorita Can't believe you are farting now. 
Just got to work. Can't wait to have my car so I don't have to work 
@RealEmmaWatson Can't wait! I just got a new laptop! 
@MsMilinda Can't wait to hear how the film festival went!!!!!!! 
has officially applied to grad school!!! Can't wait for the homework to begin again... NOT......sitting poolside (be jealous) 
Just got home... Can't wait to just relax 
Can't wait to see photos and hear all about it.  
Can't beat kook-aid and tacos 
@looneytunes good luck!!  Can't wait to hear the news 
@angel9293 yaay Can't wait! 
is boreeed. Can't sleep. But cuddling with her baby 
Can't hear the thoughts inside my head. I'm still freaking out ! 
@barenakedladies That's great news! Can't wait to see more. 
Can't wait to eat at the buffet tomorrow 
Can't feel my bottom and is now going to bed. 
Trying to sleep.. Can't keep *you* off my mind.. 
@IMCRD Can't wait!  It's gonna be awesome. I've converted my sister, too 
@mastajappa Can't w8 for the next #followfriday and the next and next! How'r they hangin 2day? 
@showerguys Yay! Can't go wrong with a G'n'T 
@cineandreea Can't wait to read it. 
@AnnyChih sorry you had to put up with w@nkers- they're out there. I'm glad you enjoyed kayaking though! Can't wait to try it myself. 
@dreamingviolet aawww... Knitsforneeds hearts @dreamingviolet   Can't wait to see that sweater!
Just had some rather good news. Can't share, but it put a smile on my face 
Can't wait till my due date! 
@BettinaKLechner I like it too. Can't wait to see you! 
@namenendez Can't agree with you more 
Can't go back into the building until 15 
Can't wait 4 the video tonoyt 
Can't stop smiling for some reason 
@coldplay Can't wait to see you guys next month! 
@christy8_77 Can't wait to hear your stories 
The fusion is mine!!!! Can't wait to get it!!! 
Can't believe that I did what I did. I will never say what it is! 
E3 starts in just 2 weeks? Can't wait. 
@AshleyLTMSYF http://twitpic.com/5e0qw - You look great  .Can't wait to see your new video .
Can't wait to see what the future brings! 
@gookchick thanks Q!! Can't wait to see you guys again 
@myraculous Yes indeed! Can't wait for the blue sea. How sexciting! 
Can't recommend the people I've just mentioned enough on #ff, but one special one last @ZenityHF 
@ericdlux when will &quot;shots&quot; be released? Can't wait to hear it 
@timminchin Can't wait to see you in septemberrrrr!!! 
Going to bed late or waking up early?  Can't tell the difference right now. 
@qwandor Can't wait to see future improvements to it as well 
Carterpillar in the tree .. how u wonder who you'll be  Can't go far but u can always dream ..  I love that!
@Ca_da_ro thank you 
Can't have a teabreak without tea! 
Can't sleep... can't stop thinking of him 
Can't sleep. At least I'm in a good mood 
Can't wait for MuO tomorrow! 
@JonasBrothers Can't wait to see you. 
@Hicksdesign Can't wait to see it... I'm sure it will be great.. 
@ethicalsoap She sounds strong-willed and determined.  Can't she just become an engineer?  Without the navy 
@barsoomcore you know I made you laugh.  Can't cut me when you're giggling. And I can run faster than you.  When you're giggling. 
Can't wait for write chat this weekend ..  lots to say
@ilovetypography  Can't wait to read it! 
@thescript Can't wait to check out your shows! 
Can't wait until tomorrow 
@lkutner 99 euros on a gold... Can't go wrong 
@sevinnyne6126 and @samantharonson are the coolest ever! Can't wait for both of your albums to come out 
In the boarder line up with @JennVanier!!! Can't wait to go shopping 
@jordanknight Can't wait to see you dancing on stage for full service...can't wait 
Can't wait for the long weekend and the good weather.... 
@JFilms it's a labor of love  Can't wait to see it!
Reading before bed. Its so nice to have the air conditioning on! Can't wait for this weekend! 
@MsCoxALot Can't get enough love in the world! 
So many parties I feel like I graduated! ... Can't complain 
Waiting for all the finances to process and finish.. Can't wait to move into my first home 
@FarbrorFest  That's great! Can't wait to see it in action! 
@wendywings    It's irresistible! And healthy. Can't forget that
Can't wait for the 3D MOVIEEEEEEEEE 
@cassi_yo Can't go wrong with food. Just make sure there is butter and salt 
Can't wait to talk to him on the phone  [still studying!]
@dinafragola Yes  Can't be worse that this  I hope?
