Most common words for this cluster:
[('cake', 324), ('cookies', 195), ('cookie', 85), ('chocolate', 80), ('cupcakes', 75), ('brownies', 70), ('pie', 58), ('cupcake', 54), ('pancakes', 47), ('toast', 47), ('lol', 41), ('chip', 40)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'cake', 0.7876632213592529), (u'cupcakes', 0.7857580184936523), (u'brownies', 0.7807180881500244), (u'vanilla_cupcakes', 0.7805068492889404), (u'peanut_butter_fudge', 0.7787187099456787), (u'cakes', 0.7726892232894897), (u'oatmeal_raisin_cookies', 0.7662757635116577), (u'rice_krispie_treats', 0.7629984021186829), (u'chocolate_morsels', 0.7571468353271484), (u'chip_cookies', 0.7566446661949158)]





@angry_barista I baked you a cake but I ated it 
i ate so many cookies that I think I'm hallucinating... 
baking oatmeal + chocolate chip cookies to make me tired.  i can't sleep 
I've been accused of being a biscuit fascist because I said Viennese biscuits weren't working class 
@misswayward I can't see ur cakes bb  I will check later
is wishing he'd brought some of the chocolaty treats to work. 
@triviasue  you got cookies?? 
@jonathanchard I get like that when I am around the sweets!  I just love them so 
@PixyMisa is now double-plus-deceased with chocolate sprinkles. 
@stephjonesmusic I do that tooo to my waffles!! I ? it, please don't talk about waffles because I been craving it for 2 months 
@nut_cookie i hope we won't be like them in a distant future 
@WowitsHeather lmao what horrid timinggg  well i'll be here for like 50 min by mself and then we're making cupcakes...sshucks
@KChenoweth i want the cookies . . . 
MAN!! i want Peeps now  haha
@leapylees Oh I'll have to check tescos, they're much closer than scotmid. Why do all the yummy treats have to make us gain weight? 
i feel very fat  too many mugs of tea and cream cakes this evening LOL
I want brownies and have everything to make them but butter 
@crispies yeah sorry about robby   wow tony almost had it but i'm happy for mark.
@sezzblack   looking at the stud muffin u know who
 savhanna- too bad muffin 3 isnt there    
now I'm drinking a latte,all I need now is a cookie 
@jasmine_pie jazzyyyyyy! i miss you  xox
is disapointed with the outcome of her weetabix cake 
@nuttychris i'm sorry  your a very special spoon not monkey.... spoon lol
I want waffles... 
wishes he had more chocolate pecan nut fudge 
@KissiBBaby pop tarts, skittles, gummi bears too! 
is eating a whole pot of Oreos as I really don't want to go back to school tomorrow 
I wish my cake pans/decorating stuff was in, I would've made a bunny cake. I guess it's on back-order - was supposed to be in yesterday. 
Oreo cookies and milk for breakfast. No more cereal. 
@kikidc OOoOoooOoo! I don't think I've ever had a funnel cake before! But we had icky biscuits and gravy for brunch... 
@tcherryx  i just burnt my pancakes cuz i was tweeting anf i am out of batter mix 
@geektreschic  I have this terrible habit of eating all of the cookies I bake before they're delivered ... How about you bake me cookies?
@GavinThompson I'd love to bake cookies, but currently I'd much rather just eat them sans the baking effort. 
ruining a batch of cookies 
back to college  full day toooo! eating a tea cake.
hates when she is dunking biscuits into her tea and the biscuit is so soggy that it drops 
@lovelymadness6 If you dont personally make the cookies then that is just lame 
I want to be at home eating chocolate chip cookies and constantly being on twitter 
Just had a slither of carrot cake that I brought into work, 1 slither turned into 2. And I know I'm going to have a big slice later 
ate waaay too much gross cookies 
This bagel's stale. 
I want some waffles 
Is not eating pie 
fought the toaster for my pop tart and I lost 
@Ottimisvico so, no cake for you 
@Justiny i feel sick after subway and cookies 
@itsLOiSHY I want Oreos so badddd 
@sophiafoots your cupcake wallpaper got me all hungry 
 I overbaked the cheesecake brownies.
@CER90 I saved you a slice of my birthday cake, but I eated it 
@supajulz no idea about the cake! i'm hardly ever in the baking section  dunno where and when to meet! lol! up to u x
i want some candy mom called me fat yesterday  im not LOL so no sweets nooooooooooooooo
AND I want some derby pie. 
Delicious Chocolate Cake: 45g 
Just got home from wolverine.  It was very cool.  But no desert  they were out of carrot cake 
@angelaaah I already have TONS of cheese and crackers, including brie and nita crisps. 
wanted a lie in but I'm wide awake  on the upside there is homemade chocolate fudge cake in the fridge...
 the icing of the cake i made tastes bogus. cake = win though. omnomonom
sweet 16 isn't that sweet at all 
Too much pancakes 
@figuromo i want cake 
i just jacked up this umbrella cake 
cookies didnt work out  but ios now making chocolate cake instead tumm atleast that worked
@timbo1834 i want some cake  lol
I got a dozen donuts for the fam, I just had my seventh 
About to make breakfast. I'm thinking pancakes... Except I have no syrup. 
Feels bad for cupcake. 
I can't stop eating Oreos 
@muffin_loser jealous is i 
What i've eaten today: a piece of toast and a galaxy cookie crumble, please feed me 
making one last apple pie for my nephew before he leaves for the navy. 
@DelaynaNonsense hello! and delayna i see you didn't wake me up for pancakes 
@aussiefrenchie I wish I had bought one when I was there. I miss my caramel scented candle and my apartment smelling of sweet cupcakes 
Long walk home in the dark  remedied by the making of a double batch of chocolate brownies 
My candy bag is almost empty.. how sad!  haha!
i really feel like eating some Doritos but we don't have any 
I ran out of marshmallows 
the cupcakes were successful but the icing was not  couldn't make alphabets out of sprinkles. too messy. argh. one idea down.
i want orange slices 
@Mahafreed I want muffins. 
Ugh @dhulser i am really jealous  those waffles are amazing.
@crashx3 cookies or caramel ? haha i miss you &amp; barbara already 
If I only had a sno-cone maker. 
@akaptivating7 I want some brownies 
@TheCheshire :O I want pancakes!   
@hugandkiss  somehow I don't think your bike riding skills are as transferrable to pastry making as you think 
@vball464 aww its ok honey cake you'll survive 
I want brownies like nobodies business. But no brownies for me. 
in need of a rich cookie...... humph 
ate too many cookies 
@DopeGirlFRESZH im goodie......you forgot all about me 
is wishing she had cake!!!! 
@caseydoane I pretty much make un-round pancakes too. I always end up folding them on top of themselves. I suck at flipping. 
I come back from throwing up a peanut dessert I accidentally ate to see I'm being gossiped about 
Craving hummingbird cupcakes 
@itsajenism I no have any brownies. 
@mistressmia scones! i haven't had awesome scones since my great grandmother passed away. seems the tradition was not passed on 
@nielissa i want strawberry cake... 
eating blueberry muffins and trying to sort out my buttons in dreamweaver.. I need a bit of help actually 
i'm craving chocolate bunnies...i guess it's a bit too late to go out and buy some  
is eating a donut fir breakfast and about to go to school 
forgot the candies 
@Madisonislovely Never tasted a good fondant 
@vBSetup you should've sweetened up the deal and agree to buy his &quot;cards&quot; if scouts cookies were included ;) I miss those goodies 
I made a chocolate cake. It was tall and beautiful and then fell on the granite counter top and shattered to pieces 
Oh well... I can't make cupcakes because we don't have enough eggs. 
Missing my cookie monster 
why do i love eating cake so much... 
I think someone ate my McFlurry at work, what the heck!? Not cool. 
@wolfcat I went looking for my fave chocky dessert or creme caramels and it's all targetted at fatties on a diet 
is wondering why her cupcakes cracked on top 
how is it sunday already? i didn't even get a cream pie 
Oh dear... I had ONE piece of nougat. I WANT MORE! 
@graphictee25 awww I love pancakes and I miss u 
@MissxMarisa like, zoinks!! ok i'll try to let go of the hose, and the cupcakes 
after an hour and 28 minutes on my wii fitness, i feel like death. damn you @jenna_valentine talking about donuts and bagels 
I just baked a cake  ..shame it tastes like metal, though.. 
now i want scones, too 
I do not know how to cook French toast but I do know how to burn it 
I just had a  really yummy breakfast (strawberries, bananas and english muffin). But I cut my finger in the process 
@alexandtheweb I miss your cakes you know! 
i've just baked a cake but it doesn't taste very good.. 
i've just baked a cake but it doesn't taste very good..! 
I still haven't had my Pringles.  And this whole giving up smoking this is driving me nuts! I give up giving up! ;)
I'm at the cheesecake factory 
I've only had a donut an 2 choc fingers since breakfast, roast dinner is an hour away  do I need another finger??!!
i want a popsicle real bad, and i don't have any 
#I am really #bored #so I decided to do some #excessivehashtagusage ing. #it #is #fun but not there's not as #syrup as #waffles ...  #3d
is going to bake her some cookies with vanilla icecream and watch a movie all by herself 
she really did a number on me...eating peanut butter cookies still hurts 
@freddyb87 AWWW I forgot my bad... I refused to bring @garlicmakezhitz a piece of cake so once I got him to shut up I had forgot... 
why is gourmet popcorn sweet?! grosss!!!! 
Sipping on a cup of hot milo, wishing I had freshly made pancakes for breakfast! 
argh. i forgot to buy buttermilk and frosting for the cupcakes! i guess i'll be running back to the store.  - http://bkite.com/07rQ1
finally done with the cupcakes. They look good but i can't have any. 
is enjoying caramel crunch to make herself feel better  http://plurk.com/p/toy0z
i really wish i didn't eat all my cookies. 
@infobunny I've never been baked in a pie 
@karliehustle why do I miss all the good groove candies 
still no cupcake for me 
I've just eaten a huge bag of chocolate buttons. I got carried away &amp; now i feel sick 
you didn't bring us any cookies 
burned my tongue during lunch and now the chocolate herts 
@RachaelEmmaM i want hot choc 
I just made pancakes that didn't burn. But I got so scared that they would burn so the first pancake was a little uncooked. 
Just ran out of mousse. 
just realized i haven't seen a single dunkin donuts 
@angelayee pretty girls shouldn't Twittering alone. I would have brought your fav candies! 
@mayfest  I couldnt find the fried candy bars! Where are they? 
@mcscribe way to make me hungry man  I've only got Doritos 
Craving the cookies @AshleyLatona failed to remind me to buy... 
wants to bake a cake but doesn't have the ingredients in the house to do so 
@saadia i want biscuits 
I didn't get a piece of cake .. 
I'm in the mood for a cup of coffee, some damn fine cherry pie and watching some twin peaks, but I don't have any of this 
i made a cake.. it deflated 
how sad. i went to diddy reese &amp; couldn't even take a picture of the long line &amp; my yummy dessert! i officially miss my phone! 
@vickicla They were all gone before I read it  , getting the recipe back though 
I wish I had Cake 
choc coconut scones? omg i want bakers delight 
I got a cookie for following @coollike. it wasn't that nice 
Fucken sick  need one of those muffins @Ashmeee spoke about
making breakfast[cinnamon toast crunch(:] i hate grades 
i want a maxi's cake 
....@satanicpanic: I want Oreo cream pie. 
I'm craving cake and icecream  I could go to the local cupcake bakery to satiate my craving, but I probably shouldn't.
I'm in the mood to make tiny little marzipan giraffes for my cupcakes, but it's getting late   I'm such an old fart
Where's my cupcake? 
I made a huge mistake with the brownies, hope I was able to fix it! 4 some reason instead of 1/4 of h2o I added a cup, fixed it, let's c 
@peaseplan it used to be bakers square 
@thelostdot  it happens to all of us.if it makes you feel better I had half a pack of Oreos this morning lol so I kinda wrecked my workout
@KayluhhhxD I don't have any animal crackers 
@miketooheyOOOO well i guess since it's over now i can tell you. i was driving to oklahoma to surprise you boys.&amp; bringing cookie cake 
it feels so much sadder when you drop a piece of candy while you're sick...   i bought these to make me feel better! i can't drop them...
is so sad about the brownies  i should have set the alarm ...
@fizzy_fizah You found the cookie thief yet? 
desperately craving a choco chip muffin...can't wait! damn the waistline 
@knitwits1 Morning, I'm fine ta except diet starts today &amp; I'm craving my daily hot choc with marshmallows &amp; choc chip cookies to dunk 
@davidtreynolds poor you  and I bought all the cough sweets in  I'm sorry
is thinking of attempting to make a blackforest cake! But don't know who will try it... 
@Sydthekidd I get it now! And the cake is still a lie. It's made out of metal. 
@jaybeean nawww! mmmm fudge. i feel like fudge but alas we have none 
My brownies have become office brownies - they were meant to be for me, but being made to share 
Put some miss u notes in a green bottle for pickles on her mini shrine saw her tail whisk by again 
@bexor Naww, I would cry for all the tupperware I can't buy 
was just going to have some cheese on toast but @guitargray has eaten all the cheese 
i wish i had pancakes right now. 
@gabriellaopaz @dnablyde I've just had some toast 
Watching movies back to back I'm dying of boredom this sucks! I need Popsicles it's getting hotter &amp; my mom won't turn on the A/C 
My coworker made muffins and I got really excited. But then I found out they had nuts in them 
ran out of pretzels 
@slowdescent you didn't go with i smell cookies??? disappointment plus 
@Muffineer ingen muffin? 
@xelisamarie ikr, it sucks  I have orders from like 20 people to bring back atl merch and krispy kreme donuts.
is full of cake - this essay isn't doing itself 
@emihart you forgot the funnel cake 
eating some more nutter butter peanut butter pie 2 try not 2 worry so much...just want 2 sleep &amp; deal w/ it later 2day.  
@ashleyann66 i wish i could be there eating cookies with you. 
is going to go buy chocolate because she's so damn depressed about the fridge. I don't want to cancel housewarming party 
really needs muffins and donuts 
just ate a bakewall tart and feels well ill 
Oh noes. No butter for my toast. 
i wish i was a senior..i want a cookie 
just had lunch and pavlova with @harryokart64! It was lovely, but I feel sick 
@claymuse I am having the same problem  I was going to make pancakes and then realized we have no syrup. Not pleased.
@moriagerard  I agree. I wanted a piece of cheesecake. 
I want Oreo. 
and she said that i was the brightest little firefly in her jar 
@happymrlocust you never baked me a pie! Such shocking favouritism 
ughhh i cant taste my lemonade mixer! 
@radicalskillz27 i just went and the snack machine was off 
@radicalskillz27 i just went and the snack machine was off 
@lollipop26 ugh its so tacky. I can't stand it 
@Keadin aslong as the cake/pie is not a lie 
living off ramen and strawberry pop tarts.  
riding bike....got to work off the cheesecake!  
@ayy_meier i didn't sell my candy 
and i'm having this insane craving for chocolate chip cookies..but i know it's not going to be satisfied. 
@kessho She said she will make me a cake and that's it. 
I want my cupcake 
Couldn't leave well enough alone... had to have the popcorn.  
cookies? 
Going to sleep alone again  I miss cuddles with my blueberry love muffin.
@oregano42 i don't have tart tins  strawberry pie it is!
I just wanted some cupcakes. 
carousel dreamy donuts? shame on you! your donuts aren't remotely dreamy! tastes like snot 
@baker_vindee back to work again! 
I [[really]] want a brownie.. 
@daysdifference dont eat anymore of my damn sugar cookies!!! 
wtf? there's no chewy candy in my lollipop?! it's supposed to have one.. 
forgot the free chocolate cake boxed up at the table 
@polaughlin sweet action cake baker! sorry I put coffee in it and ruined the bottom half 
all my pancakes always end up soggy. 
@SexyKellyC hey chocolate chips is good.  i want a snack too but i'm out of snacks. 
yummy chocolate cake..wish even i got one for my b'day!!   anybody listening???
cupcakes gave me heartburn 
http://twitpic.com/667g1 - Marshmellows + muffins = fail  They all bubbled and then evaporated leaving big holes! heh still taste alri ...
@SmileDaily I wish I was getting pancakes  booooooooo
Omigoodness I feel like a popsicle 
@iskrin I haven't got ANY cupcakes yet  I was hoping if I said it enough, some would appear!
Muffins: Muffins are delicious, Muffins are neat, I have no more muffins to eat. 
wow their is no pancake mix 
I smell cake but I don't see any cake on the oven! 
wants to eat an entire chocolate cheesecake 
I feel like I'm going to toss my cookies 
i need sweets, drank my cyderrrrrrrrr 
I want some cookies. 
Peeps! Me blackberry messenger is kwijt..  no pinging :p
dammit.  I need new cupcake tins 
cookies and milk to make me feel better. thanks babe. still recuperating from last night.   http://yfrog.com/13izrj
@FrazJ i wish we had sun lollies for me to get addicted  what flavour?
i think iv hurt my tooth  and eilish and cassie are having a drawing competiton to draw cookies and pineapples haha :L .
@thecraftykitten like cheesecake brownies!!! i miss my cheesecake brownies... and the walmart closest to l.a. (to me) doesn't have em 
@nattymsmith they have nice cakes  why can't I like them? Haha and you should! That's sooo gayy though
I took her cracker now she doesn't love me  
@katrchrdsn Without whipped topping, there is no shortcake.   #shortcakefail
@LizMyxx okay...just eat cookies &amp;&amp; not share with me lol 
@EssinEm ohh no the poor cupcake  #wave @TLGame
Oven has been on since 3:15... that's almost 3 hours!  3 loaves (1 cinnamon bread) &amp; 2.5 batches of rolls are baked. scones, not made yet 
Just woke up and i'll go for eating cheese cake with friends before study 
@Ace4005 I want some of your cookies 
It turns out a glass of hawaiian punch cant replace cake 
Damnit!! they are for her bible study!! No cookies for me 
my brother ate all my pie  i'm soo sad without my pie
@HEYESCO LOL! I did that for lent. Buuuut @ least u can pretend to be faded. No matter how hard I try a carrot just isn't a cookie 
Cookies 
I want some yellow cake..... 
watching the nanny. imagining what could have been between me and those bagel bites. 
@mostnights not gross at all. but now i want nutella crepes 
@lilfishstudios i'm so sorry about your little duckie  and his favorite, too. i hope the cookies did help.
Totally bummed that the pie leaked out everywhere and made a huge mess in the oven. 
really shouldn't eat popcorn.  
I need some red velvet cake 
http://twitpic.com/68n0t - waffle - this recipe not so nice 
wtf! no more caramel shakes at bakers! 
@blue_cupcakes it's, uh.. it's impossible for me to friend you. the option's missing! 
@KawaiiJess I miss you cuppy cakes. 
What a bummer   I have Oreos but no milk. What did I do to deserve such punishment?
I've eaten 2 1/2 out of 4 cupcakes. yeah I'm a comfort eater  *fat*
No more oreo cake? 
Really hungry... So tempted to finish off this half eaten pound cake off a patient's tray... 
Just ate a brownie.. I feel so sick!!!!!!! 
I'm craving scones.. Fattening, I know 
is looking for a good frosting recipe for the sponge cake  anyone can suggest me sth?
I was too late with a spoon and now my biscuit is mush at the bottom of my cup 
@dolittledoliet like a hard candy 
Still no cupcake for me 
throat still sore couldnt eat some yummy steak and potato bake  nor some really yummy looking choc cake and cheesecake or slice 
@ahundoin your cake is sagging.  extra white chocolate chips!
@winedinetv Wow - I'm jealous. We need to go buy a ton of lemons today for a big event. Wish it was for pie 
I want a cupcake 
I didn't get any dessert 
i really want to make brownies, but i dont have enough oil 
the internet will win my soul when i can get a chocolate sprinkle donut from an app through my screen 
@shanedawson I like the part where Muffins starts talking to you in your new vid but I couldn't think of anything random to say 
cramps  and craving pancakes
gutted  but still a very proud toffee lady x
drinking cookie dough milkshake, its bleh  I prefer the chocolate fudge brownie one
@StephenGilmer So, I baked you some cookies, but I left them in the oven too long, and now you'd probably chip your tooth if you bit one. 
I think I messed up my butter tart squares... 
cheesecake, my brother had the last piece of cheesecake 
i want pop tarts but im too scared to go downstairs 
Just Sitting here being bored.  Where is a cupcake when you need one?
@sixuntilme I am eating some cake wright now &amp; my b.s is up to 500 
there are penises everywhere. brooches. lollipops. I'm sorry, I find that so tasteless 
@lcstranslations im sorry wifey! mostly for the cake! i would have been disappointed too!  i love cakes
i just ate popcorn. i havent eaten popcorn in forever... haha getting ready then work from 6 to 11-ish... 
Bones just stealth attacked me for a banana and peanutbutter cupcake! @jaspertandy was right 
a toastie and an episode of how i met your mother it is... sadly theres no donuts in the cupboard @hollyalyxfinch 
@shaynaglick yum we just had pho - no cookies though 
My bicycle is out of commission and I don't know what to do with myself  So far, I've baked cupcakes, muffins, and a loaf of bread.
Ive just destroyed our toaster in a teacake-toasting incident 
me and my bff just broke a whole new jar of cookies everthing was thrown ;p accept 2 cookies survived from this tragic accident  ;pp
@ChrisHangsleben o.O mebee.... just don't hog the cake 
@australias lmao i was so stoked when i got ~muffin. i was sad cupcake was taken tho 
i want to make brownies but i dont have brownie mix 
I am sad that my bucket of chocolate chip cookies is empty. 
I was going to make a cake but I almost cut off my thumb so no cake today 
@rosiegarland general for me rosie, and no - i have had no mousse as yet 
you bet your sweet aspercream! 
@juaNINJAxo I want cookies! I hate when connects are busy. 
i just burnt my popcorn 
decorating a cake that is NOT cooperating with me! stupid humidity... 
Now that I'm done with decorating the cake and all, I'm beginning to think it doesn't look that great.  
@AdamAlt the one on roscoe closed  I never got my waffles.
eating some double choc chip cookies, yum, the only downside is that there are crumbs falling on/in to my laptop...  &amp; 
i feel sick.........i ate to many pikelets. 
@LittleTomato I have no cupcakes 
Just cracked a twin egg while making brownies 
doesn't taste the cake batter in cake batter ice cream 
Craving for popcorn.  We don't have any.
Now onto crafts...making a scrapbook page while I wait for my honey to come home &amp; intensely craving chips that I don't have. 
We're the eyecandies at candies! Yaay to my girls but the cherry on our cake @LimeIce is missing 
Uggggh one of my Doritos fell in my cup of juice 
I'm craving for Pringles... I want some 
I shooo wish I cuda been enjoying my oreo cookie milkshake wit whip cream and a cherry on top rite about now but I'm not 
is making cupcakes.. and can't eat them..  this makes me sad as they smell sooooo good!
Aggghhhh just ate a whole slice of mouldy toast! 
... peanut butter brownies, blueberry bagels, chocolate ginger crisps, oatmeal icecream. Yesssssssss, all the things that I can't eat now 
baked a cake, nearly finished geography, and rabbits are safe and sound. I cant decide what bones episode to buy. 
feel sick ive just eaten 2 pieces of cake covered in icing 
eating donuts  this quitting smoking business is tough.  I am determined not to gain weight, but I am eating donuts   They r good!
is hungry but all we have are pop tarts. 
@thixotropic But I want true cake. 
My toast has gone cold and I don't want it anymore.  XD
where is my strawberry cake? 
I wish I had strawberries for sunday pancakes. 
how unfair that my mum is not letting me make banoffee pie today 
I smell like bonfire which I love minus the marshmellow melted on my boot  suggestions??
trying to work now after a yummy lunch....although all consuming craving for chocolate are taking over. must revise instead.... 
I could really go for a creamy sugary donut.  But I won't 
Eating my last lemon cupcake 
Oh, it was just a parade. Not a cake stall in sight 
@jamiesmart salty cake tits 
chocolate cake, choc-chip ice cream and cartoons; oh how I wish 
Finished all the scones 
@schneddy lol my girlfriend just had a cookie too (the phone type) but all this talk of cookies makes me want a cookie (food type) 
Why, every time! when i fancy a crumpet drenched in butter, I only own the butter 
i want chocolate cake 
I am feenin 4 a piece of red velvet cake 
@jkensuke I want pancakes!!!! 
I really want to make waffles, but I don't have a waffle maker.  BALLS.
@YungRyFunk awww I wish I could have french toast 
My muffins are done.. I have to wait though 
@LucasCruikshank haha I get the cottan candy blizzard now I want one 
@Cakes217 I wanted to try cherry three olives last night, but the bars didn't have it 
l am all out of chocolate cake. So sad. 
http://twitpic.com/6cpbf - I CANNOT make cakes!  I FAIL.
OH NO I DON'T HAVE ANY!  i guess i'll have lemon pie.
Craving brownies 
@IheartFOB aww i sorry  hey! so how's that dessert?
Just ate a miniscule piece of cake... Now I feel nauseous 
@jks4usc ugh...I still need to get you that recipe!  I just keep forgetting!! 
lying in bed looking #scrubs. I ran out of my favourite #cookies 
@txgowan I agree. It was the last slice, too! I know because I went in for my own slice after and they were all out 
@methemegster i wish you did too  wahh. we could have had oreo pie too!
@DesignerCakes same here, too frustrating! I have 3 packets tho 
I wish my stupid country had cake supplies.. There is no such thing as cupcakes here 
I'm  craving some chocolate cake 
@Skittles3640 IM SO JEALOUS!!!!! 
@GeekCatnip I want some donuts now... 
I got halfway through making my own smoothie to find that there were only 2 ice cubes in the ice cube tray 
No snacks and goodies 
aw crap, i baked the cookies just a little too long and now they're crunchy instead of chewy  need moar milk
i miss my spoon. 
Just dropped my earphones in the brownie mix  that sucks!
yum cake, eating to much shit though... 
@Relucs I did envy the hot chocolate and the bacon rolls 
@m0nk1974 I even bought one of those special pancake maker things that make it impossible even for retards to fail at making pancakes 
@cwtsh  *spoons*
feels like cookies and cream icecream. aww we don't have any 
@jellybear89  You hate me! Or u just jealous of my dessert? I have 2 more in the fridge!
eating a cornetto. cone has cracked already 
just finished eating my slice of cake! so sweet! I should've chosen tiramisu meltdown! 
no  @careyxvx I never made it to sidecar to eat @AnikaLehde 's marshmellows... I fell asleep at like 730
@jimcobber microwave the donut it will be like a fresh hot one 
This opera makes me want to eat.  I have no cake 
I healed my bad mood with 2 packs of fried instant noodle with 2 eggs aaand 2 sticks of kinder chocolate plus i baked strawberry cupcakes 
@whatmorgansays i would. i want a bagel 
All my cookies got eaten 
@CatyEyes  I know, I put some treats out for him but he wouldnt come near--i left and he's  left my yard but didnt touch the treats-- 
I still haven't gotten my cupcake 
@TheLastDoctor I knew the cake was a lie 
@lovebiscuits   But you'll hopefully have a bun in the oven by then. 
@wafflesgirls i want chocolate cake for breakfast! no fair 
@pmolyneux Still in the cookie room? I want cookies. I want a cookie room 
Surprisingly it's been 4 hours, and I'm still numb- guess I'm not taping the Skittles look today 
has made custard, but it is runny. 
@xxFolieADeuxx its really not  lol and noo i havnt got one on... i do actually have a frozen pie in a teatowel on it tho x] haha
Sadness. I've reached the bottom of my Triscuits box 
*cryin* need chocolate icecream but macca's doesnt serve it during breakfast menu  i want an oreo mcflurry 4 breakfast
@plastic_snowman What! Why don't I have one? 
@ImTamtastic When do I get to be little spoon again? 
@AnR_Seano I would much rather be back on vacation.  And the vending machine just got me for my crackers 
cheated on her diet and ate cake 
@djackmanson No crumpets.  Though there's toast I think and overpriced hashbrowns.
@veropperez aw man the were supposed to be for school i bought some chips blueberry muffins and bread and now a cat is eating my muffins 
 i need waffles!!!!!!
awww no surpise for me  BUT I did find a cookie
Last piece of my cake! 
I want to make cupcakes REALLY bad 
i didnt get a cookie 
@invisagal what's wrong, muffin? 
cake shouldn't make you feel this horrible 
I have chocolate cake with no icing 
I need more sweets in my life... This applesauce ain't turning me on. 
@jase81399 u know those crumbs they use to make pie crust...yeah..well those are my cookies 
@jennc1004 when are you going to open up your own bakery so i can have some cookies again? 
I wish there were nuts in my cheesecake fantasy... 
Failure  to make kasutera (japanese sponge cake)
Eating salad with a spoon 
Too much pudding? 
sad. no bread, wanted toast. sadd jelly no bread no toast. dammm 
wants to make waffles but cannot find her waffle maker 
@monicashaw Starting with processed and refined. No choc, no cookies etc  fruit is alright, but only a small amount. It's very hard!
What shud I eat then? I don't have any brownies 
@blue_cupcakes ruh roh 
Just burned some cookies 
They didn't have an Oreo milkshake so I just got a banana one.  ))))
Aww stupid candy it made krista sick!  bad candy bad!
@hayleyjfoster cup a soup tastes like plastic.. may as well eat straws 
daim cake, where are you? 
@nessalh there aren't any dunkin donuts around here anymore 
cupcake died 
Why did i eat cake for breakfast? 
just ate a slice of chocolate cake..very sinful 
I am so hungry today for some reason..so far my snackage has been crusty bread n cheese, fruitcake &amp; just had a cookie with my coffee!! 
@JusCrazy we don't have waffles  or a waffle iron lol
@blue_cupcakes ...you cock! 
just made cakes  i hate the smell of hairspray 
@DiannesDishes And here I am with a bowl and a spoon. 
@moburns67 they don't sell ladyfingers anywhere here   bummer
(bet he dont even bring us back a fortune cookie or those sweet 'n sour leechee nuts i like so much) 
Kakis the brownies were soooo good though.... oh well treadmill here i come 
@wyatthaplo i'm sorry. i would bake you cookies to make you feel better 
I want waffles from melon 
@gabi07 hey those cookies were meant to be shared! hand some over!  
Morning folks! Its hard to follow doctor's order not to eat chocolate while you're craving for hot choco melted cake 
cake is in the oven. back to typing about ethics and state sovereignty. considering going to the lib in an hour.  
@pmohara miss the donut cake tonight  #sbbuzz
@danigingerkid he was not happy and i wanted that sundae 
I'm trying to round up the ingredients needed to make homemade Oreos...thought I had them all already! 
@WHITONA word I know I flaked  where is @cheraustin my cherry pie... @msaja made it to MTv??
@PhilsLion I wished for a popsicle. No joke. But when I went into my freezer there were none. 
Why oh why did I buy cookies at the market? Why did they have to be on sale for $2.40 for 24 cookies? Why have I eaten six already? 
The cotten candy was bad 
How come people don't like my lemonade recipe!  am getting hooked in lemonade tycoon.
@violetile that shows how long I haven't been there  i want sambal stingray!! and carrot cake!!!
I'm never making cookies again. No one ate them! 
really needs to invest in an umbrella. Now feels like a soggy biscuit 
@MrRathbone how are you not dying?!?! Sweets make me sick...  except brownies... mmm.. love those!
@YoungMrFudge You may need to delete cookies too. 
Applebees does not carry cheese cake 
@wazupstl but i don't have any crackers... 
i just cant stop eating sweets. help me  im getting fatter 
Just ate a custard scroll 
@taaaschi ..THAT'S why I couldn't have any on my toast! 
@raecheybaby Me no have any crumpets  xxx
cake status: complete. deco: icing died. 
@geekachu I haven't had a toffee crisp in ages! It's a sad fact that things are getting smaller, including oatcakes! 
is sad that i cant eat any popcorn 
just ate fudge 
My cheese on toast has made me sick 
I really want waffles for breakfast but we have no mix 
i want to take my brother for some yummy dessert..and he refuses to go with me 
Pringles are no longer a savory snack  http://bit.ly/Cvesq
@brooklynbaker I completely understand. Right now, I'm back on bagels but I go through times where I just can't even think about a bagel. 
@dalionqn @mirz112 what ever happened to the cupcake diaries!?! 
@tensix2 awww.. thats soo sad.  no more mc donalds oatmeal cookies. no more laundry. no more singing freeze over and over and over again..
@teah  I hope your Popsicle's ok!
@Dojie lol i dont have no cheesecake 
I want Oreo cheesecake 
is eating humle pie.. 
is eating humble pie.. 
Messed up her cookies... 
I have just burnt 8 pieces of toast then eventually managed to make myself a piece of toast on my 9th attempt! No bread left now 
I have a tummy ache because I made a fresh baked coffee cake and had 2 pieces 
hersheys make a candy close to dove called bliss. but they don't put cute messages in the wrappers 
Ever since I started following #funnelcakefriday was started @SixFlags, I've really wanted funnel cake.  ... Or a churro. Or fried dough.
@cookie_crumbles I loooooooooove bread puddings. cant make it  mom explained th recepie quite a few times.. still
@kimbosaur whateva corndogs... I want funnel cake.. 
I Love Chocloate and Pringles!!!!  But not at the same time 
Cake baking fail today.  The cake fell apart when I touched it and the buttercream icing is waaaaay too stong.  
Sadly some other gutsache scoffed all the homemade cake 
Why is the jar always empty??  (via #zenjar )
@girese @Htownhustlaz06 he doesn't like to come see me anymore...not even for cake and sugary goodness.  
My dad bought 10 cake mixes at the store and no icing.  
just dropped a significant portion of a chocolate cream pie on my kitchen floor. awesome.  (and quite tragic).  
@emily_reich the waffle cone's gone now...so ditto. 
just had a rather unsatisfying piece of toast 
i want popcorn! 
@candy156sweet I have yet to get to go to the starland. 
@cakey that said can't find you 
@kimbiscuit hey kim! I don't have any biscuits 
I forgot my donut on national donut day. 
I just got attacked by a spoon. 
I'm hungry and outta cookies 
I'm beginning to think my life is an awful lot like a Cake song. 
done eating no dessert 
I should know better than to eat sweets!  
I ate too many chocolate chip cookies (again). I feel a little sick. 
slept from 5pm-830pm. just ate cereal and a piece of mango cake.. i'm gona start working on my term paper. 
looking for a cake stand and a horseshoe..odd combo i know....even hard to find 
Why did i choose carrots as a snack when we havve chips, ice cream sandwhiches, creamcibles and cookies in the house what am i on 
doh! I didn't realise US 1 cup measurement doesn't equal 1 aussie cup. I am hoping my red velvet cake still works for dessert tonight 
Omfg i burnt my cookies 
I made you a cookie...but I eated it.  
...but it isn't going to happen  looks like sweets it is.
Too much butter in my cookies. 
i want more fairy bread 
@explodedsoda sadly no pie  also, if trainer/friend finds out about pie I will be doing triple the workout haha
The evil vampire waffles are worse cause you go to eat one and then they bite your tongue  not fun, plus then your a waffle
I just got some on my fav jumper and now It smells like cake mix 
It was supposed to be a surprise. I was supposed to be apart of it. You promised chocolate cake. You didnt deliver 
@gfalcone601 i can't vote for some reason  we need to get him back on number one though! the cookie looks yummy mhhhh xx
i want strawberry sundae!!! 
@mcahogarth I miss french toast 
eating a bagel... aww crap i got cream cheese on my shirt 
i wana make a chocolate cake :O no margerine 
@bakespace do you archive your newsletters somewhere? I managed to loose the muffin one before I could read it 
made a sticky chocolate fudge cake....but burnt it 
made waffles today. they came out GOOOOD. the batter made about 10. ate some 4 bfast. brought some 4 lunch. 4got the syrup 
At flames with the wookie..... No chocolate chip pancakes 
eating my really nasty chocolate cake it turned out really bad i never make em right  oh well
I had a piece of toast and now I'm full 
@Thatguy858 i want popcorn... 
@elmvb1 ouch  but I have to admit it's tough to beat pastries and free wifi
I realised that I can only do 1 bake per day. The 2nd bake always comes out disastrous!! 
my blueberry muffins are blue, damn you blueberries 
@DebbieFletcher they must be really yummy then! i'm jealous! i can't eat donuts for 2 weeks! not allowed anything sugary  got a tooth out!
i just dropped my cookie like i did at sdsu 
Baking peanut butter cup brownies for dinner with the g-parents. Hoping @honorsociety will go live again. I wanna chat 
@rsmith86 I want veggie cupcakes. 
I need some cake........ don't have any! 
i want some candy.. 
i fucked up my cake...! 
jam ring biscuits have started to give me heart burn 
@MarkDC you being there would have been enough - the open bar was just the icing on the cake - but i do have to hit town for show at 10 
Just had 2 English muffins, but I burnt one. 
DAMNIT!! saw some bomb lookin oatmeal cookies in the nurses pantry, was bout to take one, then remembered i cant eat it 
I lov being able to work anywhere!! Although packing my goodies is not going to be fun 
just got back to the hotel...dunkin donuts didnt have jelly filled donut holes... 
PUSHING DAISIES. i forgot to buy pie again... 
fudge....too many downs not enough ups 
@rsmith86 I still want a cupcake 
deliriously full right now. i made the mistake of eating a ginormous ice cream cookie sandwich after my dinner 
is hoping pasta and chocolate cake will help her night and her little heart 
deppressing night  i guess im stuffing myself with Delicious redvelvet cake 
@pseroogy I didn't get any cheesy taters either  ... but the cheesecake lollipops were awesome, thanks @lseroogy for those ;)
I miss my sweets 
Is not allowed to make cookies 
Baaah lost my baking mojo! Messed up 2 cakes in 2 weeks, my chocolate terrine is a pile of  goo 
my white chocolate brownies didnt turn out... and i followed the recipe to a T! 
@schloemoe  sad sad sad...those precious egg tarts..
@bubbly90 I missed it.  I shoulda known it was going to be deleted. But my popcorn wasn't done being made yet. 
receiving a bon voyage choc surprise cake on the plane is just classy. i miss my friend. 
@johncmayer combos and a cherry icee from the shoppette on base right now tastes like lonely for me 
@jjjohannaaa i dont want any cake  i feel fat already
burnt myself making marshmallows... 
Not fair! How come he get's to lick the cake mix bowl? 
just burnt the toast 
@sugarghc I want those cookies now 
@jrhmy what?! how so? at least i don't drop golden popcorn 
@lejunkdrawer I doubt I'll be going anywhere that serves crumpets anytime soon 
I made cupcakes for my birthday, and I put so much colouring in the buttercream icing that they taste of bleach. 
Ooohhhh too many donuts. 
my biscuit just broke off into my tea after dipping. not good.  try and spoon it out or just continue drinking?? :S
aww damn my sweets finished 
No me hicieron mis hot cakes 
@walsgiggle but..............i want the cookie too  hahaahah
not impressed with @justjudz and @Lopsi - the hungover crew ate all my Pringles. greedy pups. 
@Timbit83  get well soooooon !!
I miraculously feel alright this this morning. @edadkins thinks it was done poisoning from my fav muffin  bad cream cheese!
No custard for my lemon cake.  There goes my smile.
@Rotae @platformnine But I really want cake  And Hufflemuffins! #hufflepuff
I'm regretting that I didn't take the cookie.  
waffles anyone? 
@chiara_f ugh even I couldn't manage a delicious brownie right now...and i fucking love brownies 
@jsyates I love carrot cake. Why aren't we married and eating carrot cake 24/7? It's not fair. 
The last of the waffles has been taken 
@tokio_charlotte you can has my pie, I don't like baked apples 
major homemade-pretzel FAIL- 2 hrs later my house is stil filled with smoke  but I made good cinnamon rolls! which are more important.
REALLY wants Oreos with milk, but needs to go run....   All the technology out there and they can't create fat- burning Oreos? ;)
@cratledge sometimes the topping on a cheesecake makes great foreplay 
@flapjack50 so very dissappointing 
brownies did not turn out, now we are late for first Sundsy 
I wanna eat a big big piece of chocolate cake 
@starsinjenseyes I want lemon pudding  me=jealous.
@lulu423 we never made the brownies 
@dailystab I know ! Just one cupcake and you have to start all over again 
making croissant is very difficult. i hope it turns out yummy but i am not so sure 
@juandeleon1021 you don't like me......you just like my brownies 
would love some brownies or a nice cake.. in the mood for some baked goods but have no ingredients to make them 
I need a cup cake.  I don't have a cupcake. 
@ivanwantspeace i am slightly jealous  haha.  i want sunflowers and brownies. lucky bitch haha
I have no butter in my house!  I will have to be ghetto and use the butter that comes with popcorn!
dinner and that carrot cake was really good. i rubbed my eye, its sore 
i want more cake 
@amelialucy  my chocolate chip muffins are not contaminated (
hoping to get a piece of the butter bread that my mum's munching right now. though i doubt it, they never gimme something like that! 
can't find a tin to put cake in 
I don't eat shortcakes but I love how they look! makes me wanna buy one so bad 
Has muffin crumbs all in her bed! 
Oh, god. I just cannot fall asleep  I shouldn't of had those cupcakes and pepsi...
cupcakes taste...buttery.had 3 to check.what was it?measured correctly,mixed with usual haphazardness...out of ingredients so can't redo  
@pink_soprano What's up cupcake? 
@DivaWonderGirl I think I really should stop saying &quot;yeeeaaah&quot;!!!!!!!!! Peeps hate me for doing that 
just had a nice big piece of chocolate cake... to try and cheer me up, not been a good weekend 
I need more vegemite toast 
Why did I leave my pork pies, donuts, galaxy cookie crumble and french fancies at home and bring in sandwiches and fruit?! 
maker cupcakes not war . :x really craving cupcakes ! 
75c short of a cherry pie 
Not at all jealous of @LouiseMS 's cake 
No more princess, no more shnook, no more shnookie pie  ... I will miss that!
I hate hot choc pudding 
i want some cake 
the boy next to me is eating Doritos at 10am...and the smell is making me feel sick 
Feeling reeeeeally sick after demolishing a bag of fried egg sweets. Uurrrghhh 
I said to @DinosaurFarmer do you like galaxy cookie crumble&amp;she took mine off me&amp;ate it, I think she thought I said would you like it! 
On break, and wishing I had some of my homemade cornbread 
A cookie for breakfast, a penguin for lunch, chocolate raisins for snacks. I am so hungry and now hate sugar 
crepe a croissant. yummmmmmm, feel so rough 
My biscuit base doesn't look as well formed as I'd hoped 
@little_albatros mine is not so much either  but i llove the big buns!
didn't get sushi  drinking a blueberry raspberry fuze and baking cookies
My toothpick ran out of flavor. 
I hate it when you go to finidh of the rest of your tea and it's all gone  oh well, make some more along with some cookies!
@madhadder45 I know thinking maybe just go for dessert. I don't know  boo
@SuperRecords totally! I'm jealous! cake &amp; flapjack! 
Just had my last cookie. 
I burned my waffles 
Oreo is scared of thunder. 
I want cake! Where is cake? Why is there no cake in my cake tin? I am bereft of cake. I am depressed 
@CHRISDJMOYLES  i still like cake but have no trainor 
I didn't find any cookies..  But I did find some chocolate, yayy! x]
@AndreasChoice  &lt;----was totally the kid that took the candy apples during halloween  lol
@aquafortis Are you a pie fan too? Mondays are always the hardest not just b/c they lead off the week but b/c my local pie shop is closed 
@sandkatt Spontaneous baking never appears in my fridge. 
ahhh fuck. i burnt my waffle. it was a good one, too. 
I'm seriously craving sweets 
I want cheese toastie. But do not have toastie maker.  regular toast will suffice .
uggg burnt my damn left arm on a cookie sheet and it's bubbling and it hurts 
I lost my favorite mousse! Wtf 
@gailporter finally caught up with the 'key lime pie' episode. I concur- sniff 
@andraealexander Who knew two handfuls of popcorn could wreak so much havoc!! 
@typicaal  my cookie is cute then me 
@beyondelsewhere No brownies?    How unfortunate.
Why don't people ever share popcorn 
aaha! just found a piece of pizza! yummy!!! it's not enough.. but this is all i have 
@BrandonJuiceBox Aww, i want a fudge bar. 
fudgey poo. not happy 
@jennaveronica I passed up chocolate cake w chocolate frosting n sprinkles today  isn't that sad?
@Clairebell I wish I had some peanut butter cookies. 
Thanks, @jazzygirl80, I didn't want this slice of carrot cake with thick cream cheese frosting, anyway. 
..disappointed with my sheet cake. my frosting was too thin and it seeped through the cake, making it soggy  ..ugh
finished baking cupcakes with lein &amp;&amp; about to go to sleep! ohdee tired 
Cracker crumbs in my bed 
@maybeshelied i was going to take a picture of my cupcakes for you, but the frosting doesnt make them look appealing cause i messed it up 
It's so less satisfying when you have to cut your muffin burger into finger sized pieces to be able to eat it 
just learned that if u take bark of of a tree it will die.  also learned it's the same with whip cream on angel food cake
Just had some cake, really good, i know its late, ugh determined to finish my project by midnight, I highly doubt it though! 
I'm eating my last bagel. 
thinks she wants chocolate cake. 
@debsylou I dont have any cake  I was only thinking about eating some.
@cincodenada diskpie shows your drive as a pie chart with each slice a directory, bigger slice=more data, not free though 
creamy sponge cake and sandwich to start my day, no hot choc,tank u nepa 
2 exams done 4 to go  its not that painfull, dairybell for hot chocolate and donuts after its all over?
@johnverhoeven thanks ;) I didn't get a cake with candles this year  why do candles stop after 25, i want 2 know? conspiracy, i tells ya.
Eating cookies I made. So gross, they are 50% butter, but it feels like 95% butter and a few specks of chocolate 
Craving 85 degrees' cakes so badly 
i miss my little spoon.  
another donuts, another farewell 
@liatvardibar yes, missed my candy and pastrami too 
trying to bake cupcakes. yess i suck at cooking baking and all 
too many pancakes 
exhausted man. i'm running on empty. what happened to gorgeous scones and lovely hot pies?  melbourne, where art thou!! 
@jiminthemorning now, what i recommend is a nice piece of that co-op posh chocolate brownie. and no, I haven't got any..... 
is craving for macha chocolate cake 
aww justine missed out  lol watching homemade now
@Tashaq3 Oreo was adopted by another family 
ate to many brownies, going to spew 
Eating golden grahams. then off to work 
The ants got into the cookies. Now they are contaminated with ant. I am sad 
@caterham7 you want one of my cakes, hey???? wooops I ate them already 
@christophercox I'd do the same, but we have no cheese, or toast. 
my cake fell apart!!  http://plurk.com/p/11dnkp
I am quite saddened by the demise of the pound cake. We never even got to know eachother. 
I forgot to grease the cake pan. 
cookie is fucking gonee  F.M.L
@marcusmacinnes Agreed, no Sachertorte, Rhubarb Crumble or Pannacotta 
@jesirose I think I may need some cookies too 
it just a piece of cream...thrs no cake 
i want french toast.  
no more cookies 
i burned my toast!  lol
@snickerdoodle85 I'm sorry about your kitty 
fancies eating caramel sundae at 1:52 am. 
hurt her back.        But is making yummy jello cake!
@ey3_candy I was having problems and u left me all alone  u could of left me a plate of cookies tho....lol
this round goes to the icecream cone yet again  mmmm peanutbutter!
bby soly says i look like a cupy cake 
@CrestronHQ I'm disappointed that this wasn't actual candy.  
Just got caught with my hand in the cookie jar 
I ate all my cookies  I want more
Two bowls of noddles later, I'm not feeling so great 
i want to devour an entire box of those little chocolate covered donuts, but i will be good 
i never understood, you cant have your cake and eat it too, until just now.... 
@adamshealy I'm short chocolate chip cookies! 
@cakes4rockstarz at least  it'd be a delicious cake. this cake has icky white frosting  they didn't have any ones with chocolate frosting 
@MissLaMuerta my cookie dough is all gone 
Is wondering who stole the cookies from the cookie jar. 
@mileycyrus I wish I had a cupcake right now. 
My buns are cold 
@tanflchris No brownies tonight  soon though!!!
also, @amloiselle i failed my first attempt at liquid brownies in the new oven....completely cooked after 15 min  so sad.
my mother has utterly disappointed me and resorted to using premade cookie batter for choc chip cookies 
@ehasselbeck gfree brownies here! So good but this too equals trouble. 
i would kill for a hot fudge sundae right now 
@mileycyrus I want a cupcake 
@ravemonkey27   i cant get into kyte! wtf! still errors! i even deleted cookies
@mileycyrus wooooo go miley!  inhaling cupcakes is proven to be good for you!  lol.  i want a cupcake now.  
had the worst pancake for breakfast!!! you cannot have a more wacked-out(in a bad way) pancake!! 
Just ate some fresh baked chocolate chip cookies. Now I feel sick. 
and half a dozen iced oatmeal cookies later, I'm carrie sample and I go to bed with a belly ache if I want.... 
@antheia : awww. no cookies? 
Making cookies - again 
pancakes just choke me!!  waterrrr
The cake I baked smells delicious and it is making me hungry, no cake for me though 
Making cookies this afternoon in cookery haha!   I'll be a loner though   It's no fun making cookies when you're alone!
I really feel like a vanilla slice but the shop sold out 
@mileycyrus inhaling cupcakes is bad for your lungs, you should get that checked out 
i made brownies............but i burnt them..............poor brownies..........i wanna cry now...........no more brownies 
i want to eat something gooood, like chocolate muffins or cookies or candy..... 
At the bath bike breakfast, not a huge turnout but free cakes, no bacon butties though 
i want cheese cake 
@choco_and_chips maybe she like has swine.  :s
@dontforgetchaos hummm carrot cake is goood... but not as much as chocolate cake 
@joestankowski you won't be too happy with me..i'm eating animal crackers right now.  i guess it's better than the chocolate chip cookies
@IamRobHollyWood Iconfess that I eat cheddar biscuits with starwberry jelly I know I'm so ashamed 
I had a craving for marzipan this lunchtime.  An +unsated+ craving. 
making cupcakes but not sure if they will be ok...in oven just now but should be cooked now but still runny 
@missladybitch but there are 6 cakes there 
is going to resist the sugary sweet jam-filled donut..... 
I love donuts, but I think I have to avoid them now. I'm gaining too much weight 
@mattkirshen I dreamt I was eating pillows and when I work up my giant marshmallow had gone 
I just made some amazing choc chip muffins and they smell so good!!! But I can't eat them!! 
very very lazy to studyyyyyyyyyyyyyy and i am craving for little cupcakes! 
@Twistedlilkitty I survive off sweets :$ I'm hypoglycaemic 
@nachozrule i had muffins for breakfast, but now i want more... 
burnt my pancakes.. 
not sure if it was the 4 shots in 10 minutes lastnight or the cookie cake but i dont feel good...  ewwie
went to dunkin donuts feigning for a French cruller, they were all gone 
I need a cookie. 
@marseeah  i ate a peanut butter cookie from once upon a tart ..and today is weigh in day!! ahhh.
@HelenWayte you sound like me but replace cakes with drinking. I hate having an addictive personality. 
I want popcorn 
@imbirdgirl can I have some? I've got a crappy pie and 2 waffles, I can't be arsed to do anything 
lost a follower  ahh fudge a fudge
Oh noooes!!! I burnt my toaster strudel!! I was lookin forward to eatin it too... It was strawberry and I found extra frosting packets 
@ShirleyMcLaugh as long as u bring cookies ? 
i just legit devoured a brownie sundae..i don't feel so good 
@AndreaDarling hey i want some cupcakes 
@freshjendizzle I want a piece of cake!  Bake me one  And your business card looks really good!
@jyesmith i want a bumble-bee cupcake 
@nickmartin tell me about it  I rarely get the scoops anymore.
ugh... i will never eat a fancy cake again 
not enough butter on my scone 
@dancingmooney I want cookies.  
I shouldn't have eaten all this candy  #fb
@itisgolf i cant eat cookie dough anymore though 
i'm eating shortcake with no srawberries....its not the same 
@dfizzy  I thot I was a cupcake, Dfizz.
@disneybolin  waffles soon?
@Moshandtx  u might not hit me but i dont want 2 eat the cake! 
I'm craving pancakes, waffles, and crepes. but I just worked out  so I don't want to eat them, ya know? /:
i only had one piece of cake. 
Bowling was fun I think I got a 60 one game...that's a career high for me lol I wish cuddlebuns would get me a bundt cake from sonic  jerk
I desperatly need to lose some weight !  But I hate working out... And I'm a chocolate cake superaddict.  
My little sister is microwaving popcorn. I love popcorn. I have braces. 
My little sister is microwaving popcorn. I love popcorn. I have braces. I hate braces. No popcorn for me. 
@JaceFuse I have no more marshmallows.  I used them up making caramel popcorn for supper.
My iPhone just said accept cookies? I was like hell yea!  I never got the cookies 
I still want some damn chocolate cake 
@helloimjill mmmmmmmm funnel cake! I would've came, too bad i live far away 
I'm so tempted to climb down from my bed and eat some funfetti cake 
can't find a snack!  cookies to dry and cheddar bunnies kind of stale....    
I overcooked my brownies.  
@dianasofiia you want duck cake or bee cupcake? haha. i'd love to help you but i have the aLIVE class, sorry! 
there were no cookies 
wishing she didn't eat all the chocolate chip cookies last nite 
regrets just scoffing 'blow worm' sweets.... 
@kaay made me choke on a cookie, damn what a waste of a cookie... 
just finished decorating the cakes xD.............just got to clear up now!  lol
@KatFrench don't do it! its not a cinnamon bun on the inside 
wishes the oven worked so i could make apple and blackberry pies 
we have no biscuits 
Just ate a bagel, and feel like a piggy.......i usually don't eat breakfast and when i do, i just feel like a balloon 
my waffles were mushy. 
Oops. Bit of carrot cake I just scarfed probably won't help. 
@loserified @mimijah I want cake 
@kevintikitang i wish i had a muffin to munch on for breakfast. 
I was contemplating going completely vegan, but then that means virtually no baked goods cookies, cake, pastelitos, not even pancakes! 
Just smooshed my cookie.  http://myloc.me/4jqa
@broken_baja thanks - it was a nice cake, it had cream in it!  I ate too much 
too late @hgharrygo  i'm chewing choccies now. pray for me!!
Cupcakes and jam tarts 30 mins to make only 30 secs on the plate. All gone 
Wishing I could have #bacon on my raspberry chicken flaybread sandwich... 
Why don't we have milk for these Oreos? 
ran out of cheesecake 
i fail at cooking  the muffins are alright but the icing looks like sick! 
http://twitpic.com/7qkel - they look like they taste yummy. like cookies. but they dont. 
@IanWalker21 haha I hate it too but I have to go to a wedding or I'd be there!  throw some cake for me?
They shrunk the marshmallows in lucky charms 
watching twilight and eating brownies .. im sickk 
Watching other people eat cookies...   I want a cookie 2...   
I hate driving on the donut - I have to go slow. 
My grandmother's homemade cookies are terrible now! What changed 
and, #inaperfectworld I would invent the cupcakes, and would make them just for me  fta thoughts tody, yeaaaah (y)
ate all the cookies in one go 
boooo the new G1 does not have cupcake yet 
anxiously waiting on the most important ingredient to make my brownies for this weekend.. getting nervous now 
ugh i ate too many cookies 
@fountainpen  boo! I'll just have to eat  your slice of fancy cake.
I ate too many pretzel sticks and I have them stuck in my teeth  Also, red wine does not mix well with pretzels.
cookies are great. but i is out 
http://twitpic.com/7rlbu - I am not a baker....me and my burnt cookies 
No brownies to make  sorry jacko
My dad ate all my cake 
@LamoniFinlayson oooh too bad i can't get some bacon and eggs....or some tater treats.... 
@MiszKtBaby aww too bad  i had a taste for some birthday cake
@DavidDevious I can't  I have to finish making cookies.  I'm sorry babe...and I was not ignoring you
just burned my popcorn. 
@aniler ...ouble chocolatey chip frapuccino blended creme yet. 
Almost finished my brownies.  But I still have some cookies left so yay! I'm tempted to try a pie tomorrow.
@sophias_place I'm sorry your cake fell 
tried to make popcorn until i realized i had the settings on defrost. 
craving dessert at 1am. what the h? fantasies about cannoli are keeping me from being rested 
5 minutes before I leave and I get a msg that afternoon tea is cancelled. I miss my gingerbread hot chocolate already 
my cupcakes taste bad, but they look good!  I think we should buy a cake...
I kind of want some cheesecake right now 
@BrookeJasmyn  and it's got Oreo bits floating in it!
I really, really want hersheys kisses: cookies n creme  they're so hard to find!
@MacZombieRawr he wants your popsicles!! muahahaha, i sent him for some, we're almost out 
@macaronigirl i has donuts! but how to give them to you? 
I burnt my popcorn. 
is tired.  having choc waffle now but it's not helping the mood. 
i hate it when you choke on your M&amp;M cookies 
@cocoa143 Got some delicious cake from home. Sadly, it is over 
just ate a brownie. it didn't change my appetite at all  well, im going to sleep.
@Akelaa Awww, didn't mean to make you sad  I made apple cinnamon muffins today and I have lots left.
sat watching tmf.. with a cuppa and cookies with my sxc other.. still full  of flue  xXXx
@overlordtrainee I feel bad  There weren't any chocolate chip cookies!
@overlordtrainee Cookies? But I saw no cookie! 
I want to try &amp; make a cake but some elderly distant relatives are coming over &amp; I'll 'mess up the kitchen'...but old people love cake 
http://twitpic.com/7skyg - The cake i made my sister in-law since she loves coffee hahaha i effed up 
My bagel was so yummy I want another one 
The table infront of us stole our last cake!!! @maellability 
Has major mumflu and party guests dropping like flies, even my chocolate cake isn't helping cheer me up anymore 
The green popsicles are gone 
well the cake is ready but not as nince as it should be 
where's my piece of double chocolate german chocolate cake!!!! 
@stacey727 no but the lack of coffee cake in my kitchen is pissing me off. 
@Eisengel I wanna have another bite of those brownies...grrr...brownie crack 
 i finished the cookies too fast... now i don't have cookies for tomorrow... (
mmmm eating egg bake.  called to have van taking in for service 
Oh no. I burnt my toast in the toaster. It's all black now and by house smells like burnt toast 
on baking hot bus. 3 of us on a seat. I am dying 
my tummy hurrrrts  im never having coconut pie for breakfast again!
i have a whistle lollipop that doesn't whistle 
I know what you mean @justAcliche @cathymccaughan @salonsoap raw cookie = bad, but choc. chips can be enticingly evil 
I just want a cupcakes and a casting  
@DynamicShock wait unsavoury = sweet.  i mean mean 
@seregon I've only eaten chocolate cake 
OH NO! The cookie dough I have in my fridge is tainted!  http://bit.ly/147fwO
This is sad, because I have a half-empty tub of TollHouse cookie dough in my fridge  http://tinyurl.com/netx7y
I for got to bring a pan of my cupcakes to work  and they are sooo good
@chicklet7 what you get cookies! 
why get peanut butter with the chunks? 
@wrestlingradio HEY! i added you on both and i never got a cookie! i'm upset 
having some lunch...buttered everything bagel with lemonade...no oj which is what i really wanted 
The bundt cake sunday at sonis was a let down. 
@gillianmae wack, the frosting's prolly jacked up either crusty or melty. What is he baking out of? an easy bake oven? *rimshot* hiyooo 
@catherinerabo I didnt know you have a website for your cheesecakes!! I'm hungry now... 
i feel ill. i am not keen on pizza hut chocolate cake. or cold pizzas. or silly pizza hut drivers without sat nav. 
Why can we put a man on the moon but not yet create chicken kievs where the garlic butter isn't all lost on the baking tray?! 
@_amazinq_  i was just kidding ;D here you are ^^ *bring the muffin* haha
@MicheleMullen I missed out on the whoopie pies and that was bad considering all the effort @redwoodred made to bring them. 
would die for a cupcake . 
I thought I had more than one cake left. I was wrong  I want more cake.
@pirrofina I can't! I'm goin to go pick up a cake for my mom  I'll be home in like...an hour.
I want me lg cookie to get back in stock so cw can get it dispatched! I have no patience 
yeah i would drop and break the bag of candies for the cupcakes ALL over the lobby while i was trying to get everything together to help 
@SDDesign I wish I could make it but ( for the cupcakes at least ) but...impossible  
@jorchsehomela i want a candy 
I didn't get the cake cuz the bakery was closed 
@tehrooroo no bluffing with muffins 
i just ate my last bagel bite 
Why does raisin toast burn so much faster than normal toast 
@ABeautifulMind1 It's never too late for crumpets! *  * It's too late for crumpets 
@islesrebelangel aww what's wrong, sweets? 
http://twitpic.com/7usc8 - awww all my recalled cookies 
ashfieruydjfjsdhj i really want a dairyqueen brownie batter blizzard BUUUUT i want to lose 20lbs 
I want cookies and donuts 
@GodFirst08 But I don't have banana pancakes here!  plus I'm tamad na to make pancakes, I just had a bowl of cereal.
My bagel is gone 
http://twitpic.com/7v03n - What's missing from my fortune cookie? That's right. A fortune 
@cyndaelle Tiramisu Cheesecake?!  That's not on the menu anymore!   Where did you move to?
I might cry. The cafeteria was closed. No m n m cookies for me tonight 
My cake frosting was the consistency of sperm 
just ate the nastiest starwberry cake ever. now i fell like throwing up! 
They're eating their pies, and I'm here, being bored. 
@smileychic4919 a hot fudge brownie sundae would be even better...I never got around to having anything.  I wasn't commited. Now I regret 
I'm telling on @ANDEOOOOO_XD cos he's not sharing his delicious brownies 
@sheila_rossow I hope it wasn't because of my cake! 
@alonely I can't eat a chocolate croissant for breakfast at 1pm for no reason? 
 @theomenkid ate all my candy! I have a sad now!
@jeremypiven show yourself! go to swingers on beverly and ill buy you a cupcake. 
i miss danny  and cookies&amp;cream  blahh
@xarcrius I want a waffle too 
@oceanstarrr i had one slice and almost puked 
@sanasaleem should have turned me into muffin 
burnt my apple pie cause i couldnt hear the timer 
no more cheesecake  ....pjs and bed instead
@TrueGabe allergic to cookies. 
@taljalig i cant seem to remember how cakes used to taste 
ugh. i am suddenly in want of dunkin donuts munchkins again. 
Danishes are messy.  But yummiehhh!!
Eating a donut. 
blueberry muffins and I are no longer friends.  this makes me sad 
@paultelner  i want pancakes
Feels sick just eaten some cake 
@eoshipper4ever hehe what a yummy healthy breakie lol =D *cries now i want choclate chip cookies too but i dont have any *pouts* 
@nateblackest A bit ago I was feeling nostalgic and ordered the hot cake plate and they put everything in it but the hot cakes. 
I'm too weak to open the pickle jar 
D*** them they took away my favorite treat raw cookie dough 
@imeantheend @taviango I was told I was being a stalker if I made a cake 
has to postpone pancakes for the girls 'til tomorrow...no syrup!  
They put up the Danishes and muffins but I'm still hungry. 
Doesn't like carrying a cake,umbrella, bday gifts, and a bag in the rain 
i think my baking powder is old, these cakes have no lift. should have made eggs 
@xxjelleexx I haven't either. I've been working so no workout or sleep. I'm a tub of lard from cookies &amp; alcohol 
I forgot to bring my mom's pie to work. no sweets for me today 
No flour + no baking powder = no brownies 
Oreo, my dog died last night. She got hit in the road. She was only 1 year old. 
the cake is a lie! 
@adamerace I was there for a birthday party. The choc/lav cake was not part of our fixed menu. 
the heat has put a hold on candy sales the choc is starting 2 melt 
Just ate a yummy caramel i miss it now 
my sister ate my donut. 
@abbyavaryxo I am so very jealous, good lemonade is so hard to find 
I ate an egg and toast when I wasn't supposed to. 
i guess i'm the only one who likes cake mix better better than cookie dough 
@tracitoguchi @jshe I hope little oven is clear! I still see cones out 
I didn't even get to eat the toast. It had plastic all over it. 
@muffin_loser here ill do it for you  or did you want D: or d:
@simplysweetpea I miss your brownies 
@elesbells mm I want mini wheatabix with chocolate chips in now... but I don't have any  :'(
sitting at dennys waiting for my really good sandwich...my friends are trying to break my diet by suggesting brownies and cake 
@Kalediscope hhhaaaa! wooow!!! interesting a beater cake...awwww 
is sad that they recalled my orgasmic cookies!! 
burnt my damn cookies 
I ate the piece of paper in a fortune cookie accidentally earlier and wonder if that's a bad omen. 
@Ducketz I want some cheesecake... That's my favorite! 
aww sad, the cafe is out of soft pretzels 
grrrrrrrrr...... when a cake sinks in the middle!!!! 
lol ok i fell asleep now i want something sweet, like a cupcake  lol my taste buds are so wierd these days.ever since i slowed my drinking
musical cupcakes, what can be better than this? damn, now i want some cupcakes   redvelvet.. peanutbutter.. german chocolate..
@RemSunday why do you rape waffles....it really scares me 
Eating my cheesecake wishing @iKayBe was here. 
My cookies didn't come out in the shape of the cookie cutters. I worked really hard on them. 
I feel like having cupcakes now. 
i want another popsicle now 
is craving an English muffin.   And she doesn't have any.  
neither the paneer nor the cake really turned out. 
I ate cake and then my vodka wasnt good anymore. 
When life hands you lemons you have to make lemonade. But what if you don't feel that making lemonade will make much of a difference? 
When life hands you lemons you should make lemonade, right. But what if you feel that making lemonade won't make a difference? 
My teefs hurt so bad  no more sweets for me... No more chocolate goodies... 
@docblade well no donuts for me 
@goefer me too  not full, just tired. I want a cupcake.
My cheese doodles ran out 
@sarahsmith5 about to eat some frozen lemonade  bahaha
I'm SO tired. And i want candy. But i'm not allowed to eat candy 
My popsicle!!!  -imLaVish-
I forgot the jam for my cake. 
eeep, i just ate cake. a teeny little slice, but still... 
@gabrieljay: i don't feel like reblogging lol; i rly meant it as 'just desserts'! like just a cupcake or two 
still awake, and needing a big spoon 
I want McFlurry. 
@NeilCrosby damnit, i missed the cookies! 
WARNING: eating trailmix while feeding mini treats to dog may cause trailmix to suddenly become curiously extra crunchy. urh phewy 
I can't make pancakes  I suck at it.
I suck at making pancakes 
I just ate the last of my jaffa cakes 
I burnt my lip on a hot jam donut  
aww no croquembouche ... 
@feblub Aww sorry to hear that potato cake 
awaiting the F1 race! no candy left though 
is awaiting the F1 race! no candy left though 
My pastries fell apart. 
Making banana crumb muffins for my dad I decided to bake after the vegan brownie incident please don't burn muffins I baked you with love 
I made you a cupcake, but i eated it 
just baked a cake and it looks horrible 
the ring came off my pudding can 
has just tasted the chocolate brownies and feels the word 'goddess' was a slight exaggeration 
I don't want any chocolate tarte/brownies/rolls, but i dooo.  why does my family buy shit all the time? i hate this.. x
eating jellybeans. i hate sweets (and chocolates) to be frank. 
@benjaminjfrost You threw away a muffin??? That pains me.....................alot 
On my lg cookie but got to tidy 
There's cake on my keyboard 
@BlackMagick26 oooof i could murder some cheese cake. unfortunatley i just have cookies and strawberries to keep me amused  get me some.
Eating cupcakes &amp; drinking juice...I have to stop with the sweets but I can't 
@highheelfiasco the bagel was, but i left the frap sit too long and now its icky 
the microwave cake was shit 
eating a salad, pretending it's a cupcake 
@shelleybakes I suck at pie crusts honestly. I think I have tried everyone out there, even took a class on them still not working 
i just ruined my appetite by eating cake first 
making waffles going to take forever. 1 iron 2 batches 
lol @JoshuaNim don't be, Entenmann's totally phucced up my recipe w/ this new sh!t they put out... I need some milk 
i really want cake. but my house has no bloody cake 
@teajeni Am useless at stuff like that - can't do pastry or bake cakes 
my tummy hurts fucking 290 calorie chocolate chip cookie i shouldn't have ate 
http://twitpic.com/84xgf - i made cupcakes. after they were done, i realized i had no icing 
I made a cake for my daddy and I don't know how to make cakes and I put the bumps together and now its cracking and splitting! AAAHHhelp! 
i want popcorn chicken so bad. 
just had cake that was too dry to be a three milk cake :/ i was looking forward to my three milk cake 
@willclarkfan22 no donuts for you 
my bread looks like a cookie pie without choc chips  i think it was too watery so it spread out too much
@heybethyjane Was the cake good?  I was worried I'd ruined it.  
Is watching fired up better be good!! And was just convinced to get up early to make pancakes! 
all the cinnamon crunch bagels are gone 
My crackers are exploding! 
i want some candy 
goooooodmorning world i want donuts  someone bring me some krispy kreme! 
I want some lemonade  no fair
No more Twinkie purses @nataliewitcher  bummer
@MichaelValiant I've been staring at my green Skittles trying to turn them red with my mind. Who am I to judge?  they're still green 
@BrandonCutler I'm getting old and my metabolism isn't what it once was.  enjoy your cake!
I hate cake.  http://mypict.me/5eAO
chomping down on a dragon roll while watching choreo cookies on www.bombeye.com before i have to go to work 
My fortune cookie told me to learn Chinese. 
@christenwaslike no  but that would be fun! We bought a cake mix.. it's so pwetty XD I just put it in the oven!! i mashed bananas ystrday!
presumably no cakey people out there cos still have no idea for cake 
I just made biscuits but I doubled the recipe and they came out weird  http://twitpic.com/884hw
@lisbethmcclain i needed a specific cone; chocolate soft served on a waffle cone. And i could not find one anywhere 
@puddingface Don't suppose you know of a recipe for low fat chocolate brownies?? I'm craving... 
My cookies are burned, and i'm sad about it 
made peanut butter cookies again...still not the same as my Aunts...thinking its a conspiracy 
@spid3rfly Haha, better than the choco chip ones at work. Over 100 cals per cookie.  But they is sooo tasty!
Over micowaved my vanilla ice cream. Oreos on top.  http://twitpic.com/88n3c
should have brought more than one muffin to work 
i love lemon cake its yummy. and i love summer. but my mom is mad cause she wants me to get a job. 
No more whoopie pies 
@jessisrawr i've neve ate funnel cake  i don't even know what it is hahahaha.
@Gianttoaster I hate you dude, I'm eating toast for munchies right now 
ouch....i burnt the brownies i was baking nd all the smoke from the oven  rushed up into my face....it really hurt my eyes! 
@adventurecub SO jealous!! KodaKoda doesnt bake 
I am so tired of cinnamon toast crunch... But I have to finish the box before I can ask for frosted flakes. 
Enjoying byron's homemade spam musubi!!! I'm not feeling very well tho 
@tosharenae I ate old cake!!!! Seriously I feel so sick. Why 
http://twitpic.com/8crdt - @DominiqueWard they wrapped my apple pie in a bacon and egg mcmuffin packet  cheap shits!! LOL but there you go
@joolyaah I burned my cupcakes  I thought the timer on the oven will shut off the gas
@lullabyeblues  the supposedly happiest valentines. 
@CateP36 I'm out of chocolate. I needed a fix &amp; it took 3 chocolate chip cookies to fill the need 
is craving cake! the week that there is no cake in the house, too 
About to eat pancake balls without @yayamartinez 
Making cupcakes that failed 
i just realised i was eating with two spoons  lol
@Keels_90 lol i know!! i found cake... and cream  bad me!!!
@Allieandra *sends virtual cake* 
How I would love an ego waffle right now 
@KendraFallon what has happened?  you sound in need of seriously large supply of hugs and fuck the diet homemade cookies xxx
I want some candy! 
oooowwie! cookies are hurty! 
I am all moved but Skittles died while we were on vacation 
I've eaten too many cookies  But they tasted de-lish  I still have 8 left. I'm sure I'll have 1 or 2 for dessert.
@chefjeff I'm still in disbelief about the cheesecake 
Cookies were not a success   No treats for the Trustees tonight!
Ugh, ive been denied so many cravings. Now its red velvet cake and nachos 
@evearoundworld  You're at a wedding and lovesick. I feel for you. The next cookie I bite, I bite for you.
i want french toast and bacon 
@FierceHugs NOOOO, no brownies yet.  I'm sorely disappointed too.    I'm not sure any brownies can top hers!
Cake's baked and just needs to be decorated now... laundry's in, dishes are half done. Not feeling well 
http://twitpic.com/2y2jf - my cupcakes 
@sisterpatterson I just ate raw cookie dough out of a tub and now to bed. We must be kindred spirits 
@frankiekillsyo chocolate chip waffles 
zombies can be cute... in cupcake form... on a necklace   http://tinyurl.com/djbec4
stuffed with cupcakes and marshmallows from baked butter goods 
A jar of jif and a spoon is all I need 
vegetarian recipe, a great experiment 
todays diet: 2 packets of chips, 2 apples, lots of maccas, biscuits and sultana cake 
@chrishasboobs sugar cookies sound sooo good right now. mmm. and reeses. 
@virtualewit well I don't plan on baking any but anytime I buy one I'll get an extra one for you 
i feel like hot cross buns.   
I'm enjoying this...who else is enjoying this I wonder???  Just what I need whilst I eat my apple pie 
Up and eating toast 
@mamamammy And another one joins the dark side.  We have cookies or at least we will when someone gets around to baking them 
eating my sisters biscuits  LOL
just woke up and having a munch on some toast! 
feasting on an assortment of japanese candy. be jealous 
@babssaul cake requests.... anything but coffee  I will bring the palets and you can choose.
baking an easter chocolate cake 
Yummmm....haagen dazs caramel cone explosion for breakfast!! Yummmmmmm..... 
@garratt83 ... especially if it came with chocolate cake  #mmuk09
eating cupcakes 
i think that the idea of making more cupcake soaps at 11:40pm is probably insane....so i shall wait     i just love making them!
Just ate. Now, for dessert? A couple of chocolate wafer roll.. 
@cupcakecanadian - a cupcake would totally hit the spot right now. 
is making homemade chocolate chip cookies with her mom  
@lightsonwater  Have a pancake for me 
watchin princess diaries while having cheese mac 
Going to make some pancakes for the fam 
@CinnamonCloud lol  nice and clean now? ;) lol! I'm just after a cup-a-soup  heading out soon. 
about to make some pancakes for breakfast 
@ChrisJervis she should log out, clear her cookies &amp; cache to remove it. 
eating pancakes, yum 
Feasting on pancakes all day with @aimeegardiner, maple syrup festival 
has got tesco finest white choc chip cookies 
&quot;the boys are back!&quot; that pink cake was.....weird 
The cookies are a touch sweet, but pretty good! i'm pleased! 
@bcngr treacle, melted chocolate, the topping on a sticky toffee pudding 
teddy grahams 
About to put these banana cookies in the oven in a few 
its perfect outside!!! had my daily strawberry shortcake and ready for wateverrr... 
Cookies make me so so so happy 
eationg oreo cookies and uploading pics 
@mskathy i had some cake for breakfast lol it was pretty good 
right....bit of eclipse and bed i think...ooooh and some cookies....perfect 
@LouiseBrig I just choked on my lemonade then 
@kristieblake I'll get the popcorn 
i tried out a new gourmet cupcake bakery today! mmm. so yummy! i can't wait to go back again 
is eating home made anzac cookies in bed... yum... tasty treats just for me! 
imagine a mountain made with French pastry 
Eating some delicious cake 
watching HappyChat reruns  while eating cookies 
banana chocolate chip cake with my sis. yay saturday 
Today pretty played a show, ate funnel cake, went to brookes, and got yelled at by a crazy lady who dislikes her ballons touched. fun. 
just finished cleaning her house and is so glad Oreo returned to her home 
@kristenstewart9 i just watched the cake eaters... YOU ARE AMAZING! 
Eating icing from the packet!!!!!!!!!    
@piginthepoke I'm thinking croissants. 
@vavroom ohhhh just checking in during the ad break and saw cake  Cake isn't food either right ???
What about pancakes for breakfast?  
is eating toast 
@McNeillsWheels totally bribery!!!!  and if i was there i would have offered cookies! i'm all about the bribery!
Eating my weight in candy 
making fairy cakes 
Just had a piece of a lovely carrot cake. 
i want a cookie  some buy me on plzzzzz 
French toast  
@sugarfairy511 what kind of cupcakes??? mmmmmm, cupcakes 
@dunkindonuts well kiss me if I'm weird, I love bagels. 
cake is what im having for breakfast  and i am loving it! i wish it was chocolate though.. oh a triple chocolate huge piece of cake. ahhhh
Making pancakes  yummm
making some pancakes  mmm yummy
Again enjoying a cup of coffee and a piece of cake with my family in the sunny afternoon  great
and now 'ace of cakes' is on - bam. 
Eating chocolate cake!! 
Baking a funfetti cake and making spaghetti  Also looking for a picture to draw or paint...hmm...it's hard to decide :-/
@LittleFletcher I looove mcdonalds apple pies! 
just finished baking 5 batches of carrot cake! will make fresh cream cheese frosting tomorrow morning. http://twitpic.com/3lt6k
making brownie for dessert. yum 
making brownies 
i baked muffins for breakfast, now i'm baking a cake. 
@onchmovement mwahahahah Onch you're probably right  I'm wearing an onch pretzel right now  love you xoxo
had her first &quot;Its-It&quot; icecream sandwich and thinks the vanilla original is way better than the mint. 
@mileycyrus i loooove cheese cake 
@donutpower donut, you are hilarious! 
@Theprowler you are loving your custard tarts 
@vasvalch You name is as easy as pie compared to this one 
@heathwiggins  Oreos are yum.
English breakfast tea and choc chip cookies on the stoop, watching the rain 
@PaulCooked I hope you ate the cupcake as well. 
@keza34 trust me, we have 'em we're just not as creative with the slang I guess. They're just cookies w/chocolate here 
@minastefan I'm about to go grab some pancakes...want some? 
I want some cupcakes! 
@robmathieson it was!  LOL - actually it's not yet perfect (a bit 'heavy') I'm working up to attempting some homemade bagels for you guys
Still eating cupcakes  http://twitpic.com/3pch1
@nwoidaho I don't want to be the one to tell you this, but they actually make cakes that are already made! You should look into it. 
@NomDuJour Aww, here have a cookie 
@fudgecrumpet what type of cake ?can i have some.lol 
@hot30 i'll give you virtual cake and cookies if you play tonight by the jonas brothers 
@barski I keep hearing about this cupcake update. I'm not sure what it means but I would like mine with chocolate frosting. 
@getsick you should totally message me your vegan cupcake recipe 
spicy jack cheese homemade quesadillas, oatmeal cookies and an international film // goodnite twitters 
@aileen2u2 awww, don't be embarrassed  You are more than correct, sweets!
@thekoolaidmom A kitty litter cake. I have no clue what that is and it scares me a little. 
What a lovely morning I may have to celebrate with pancakes 
@violetbakes Hope it goes well, may be trying the muffin recipe again later this afternoon whilst listening to the football 
You'll have to let me try one  btw I love the vegan cookies from alternative baking company. Ever had them?
just ate scrumptious pancake!  yummm!!
I'm 22 and my friends are awesome! thanks for the cake, balloon, and kitkats @lizzie009 
we go together like vegemite and toast 
m+m cookie dough.    I am now sick
Waiting for update 1.5 (cupcake) for my g1 to come... heads up to @thedevonaire and @parkersaurus !!!! 
I ate 2 chocolate donuts just now. Huuuggeee donuts! And now my tummy is smiling 
shortbread covered in choclate is really good 
@ SarahK_13  hey where is the pic of the pie???? The one whit me ?!   ;-)
i had fun last night, cynthia gave me and maria a candle for her cake 
@elizadc i ate nothing for bfast, butter cookies fer lunch and a mango for dinner. 
3 hours 45 mins left, eating egg custard tarts! 
goinhg to look for a recipe for a dessert tonite  yummm i love you mummy
Haha but, I got waffles now 
http://twitpic.com/4ekn7 - choco chip pancakes not so bright and early  i think it might rain!
Making brownies 
Cookies for breakfast 
brownies and the blondheim's - happiness 
@SingSusanBoyle susan~ LOL i love ramens too! my favs are chicken and roast beef! i just ate a choc chip cookie 
@Amandabynes cookies n creammmm 
going to bed! cheese and crackers first 
@sjhummel aww muffin! I am so glad you are feeling better!  loves you
@JaimeMcKnight sticky sweet is awwwwesome 
@FreshPlastic You'd better come and eat some of the cake I just made 
@bikerbar I'm guessing you really like pie? 
is making brownies. from scratch. 
@LizCasales They look yummy.  You're quite the baker 
lollipops and rainbows!!! whoo hoo 
cookies are close to done  yum 
@DixonTam Had my first disaster already. LOL!!! but the pie is going into the oven! 
@dolidh    like the cake...
@thecircusgirl me too  and you are funny, sweet and special and i want to u know it.
@thetoughsams gosh u are up late  warm muffin with butter and strawberry jam
Thorough research and evaluation has led to finding garden table 50% off now to assemble without instructions b4 coffee &amp; welsh cake time 
full of pies and chocolate. splendid 
is eating a breakfast bagel 
@alexandrapullin: need Bisquick, and lots &amp; lots of maple syrup for once they r ready! 
Waiting for my apple waffles 
Long walk home in the dark  remedied by the making of a double batch of chocolate brownies 
http://twitpic.com/4h2al - The finished cheesecake, will be ready to eat for supper 
Going to eat some dinner &amp; some candy floss maybe later 
sweets will make you happy  so eat them :-D
Everyone liked my chocolate b'day cake I made for dinner 
@pixiepan woo!  (but you missed m&amp;ms in the icecream sundae bar, are you sure it was worth it?)
Cookies 
The cake looks amazing al pink 
@jrhammlett I just had waffles too 
making butter cookies maybe ill bring em to skl if i dont eat it all first 
baking fresh blueberry and chocolate chip muffins....yum 
baking banana nut muffins with my fave sous chef!  
@shaktijs btw where are my cookies from the bake-a-thon? 
@twochix1 You're welcome tweetie-pie! 
@swirlygirl18 is the best for hanging out with me for 2 hours &amp; @SharonMontrose is too for bringing me a sandwich &amp; a cupcake 
@langfordperry  Do you make your own sauce? always wish had my grandmother's recipe...homemade yummy is always better 
is baking some yummy muffins  
i settled on animal crackers 
Scones scones scones... yummy in the tummy 
Just had a nice memory of when my mom used to cut the crusts of my sandwiches. I love you mom 
@MissVerna I like that coloring method... maybe we need to collaborate on a cake 
@jackandheather bake!! 
is apple pie and 80's chooonssss 
I loooooooooooove cotton candy, good thing I got a jumbo sized bag 
Just finished baking brownies and soon I'll be watching bride wars 
Just had &quot;official&quot; derby pie for supper...then a piece for dessert.  Thanks derby girls 
@bews Agreed! I actually poured pancake batter - THEN - added a slice of bacon for when I flipped it!! 
freshly baked chocolate chip cookies and revenge of the nerds on G4. 
@cupcake_owlcity  *smiles* thanx. im glad u like it.  btw, I love corinne B. I own her cd
 yay! Cookies from jab!
lawn watered, flower replanted, kids bathed, ready for the week ahead. i think i'll go bake some cookies now. 
home went to the hub after work and went and got giant muffins at the grocery store lol i &lt;3 giant choclate chip muffins 
@jennrach ps i love your new collages.. esp the fortune cookie one 
@jdlusan cookie and cream 
@pwningbeauty that is the coolest cake ive ever seen 
Eating a jumbo cupcake with my sister   yuuuummm!
@ChesterBe mmm i made brownies in cupcake-form that were pretty good. hope it was a nice party 
@taniawallace Just so you know, I pulled some strings so it wouldn't rain this weekend. I will be expecting payment in cookies please! 
is starting homework, and baking cookies&amp;watching bride wars. 
@xdani24 it was good i had two bowls 
I can proudly say, I havent missed a donut yet.  And never met one I didnt like! 
My fortune cookie tells me to smile more! 
@IMBASE k its 3 slices left 
I feel like an M&amp;M McFlurry  mmm... But I won't get one coz I need to look good for when I go to the States!!! 7 weeks 2 go aaaaahhhh!!!
@e_diva as always  coffee? cookies?
Enjoying afternoon tea with my friends.. Cake delicacies equal sweet time 
@XLesseyX hey cup cake 
Just made the perfect fried egg  
working @ the preschool....waiting on the kiddies to get here.....making dunkin donuts coffee  
Eating a bagel  yummy
@gabbyfek yaaaaaay i get to see you too   looking forward to cupcakes and fun.
we went, we bought, we conquered! and we came back with the most delicious custard croissant 
definitely ready for a plate of pancakes. 
Here are the cupcakes I made.  http://twitpic.com/4w425
@15minsofmetal sweet, I'm trying to earn my crown for gluten free baking! 
cookies are good 
@paintedwhispers i miss morimoto! he's too strong a challenger i guess. oh, watch ace of cakes at midnite! they're doing a 'Lost' cake. 
also @haveitsweet your caramels are like crack....  just thought you should know. 
watching greys anatomy and just about to take blueberry muffins out of the oven mmm yummy  finished geoggers study notes yay!!
I'm baking cookies. What are YOU doing? 
I want some candy!!! 
http://www.twitpic.com/4wp26  i made a cake for my mom  she loved it ? yay 
@duangkeo eat (cup)cake 
@cromnac slice you up a treat? 
My home made red velvet cupcakes were pretty damn good! now to master the frosting... goodnight! 
eating pie right now...  yumm..
Cake anyone? http://www.flickr.com/photos/kayveeinc/3517129153/ 
had a good day driving up mountains, visiting katie, eating chips &amp; fudge and stocking up on lovely smelling soaps 
@kazzababe95 cut yourself a slice of cheese cake.. it makes everything better 
@dajosh LOL a computer that is moist and chewy. like a cake or something haha cool 
ah. had a great day. end up eating chocolate cake. 
Just baked some mad brownies 
Sometimes I realize that I'm happy because of trifles... So it would be better if I don't moan. 
@frankjestein i just had two large slices of butter cake!  butter cake date, please! i miss you!
eating freddo frog cake 
yyes, dad promised he help me make scones after diner 
goingg to the waffle housee for waffles duh 
full of bakewell tart 
craving sweeeets! cupcakes plz?! 
@laurawalkerxo, Your sweet! 
i just realized that i make really good cookie cake  yum.
@Dojie #TwitterTakeover i have a lollipop.lol #TwitterTakeover 
found it  making pancakes for my mama 
@Sans30s I've an idea; bake me a nice cake 
cleaning and eating cheese bits 
Eating muffins 
it's ma birthday, therefore i am justified in eating cake for breakfast 
back from dinner. ;) i'm now eating a lemon muffin. LOL. xD sounds weird but tastes great. 
@LostZombies She's been eating a lot of those powdered donuts with the raspberry filling.  
eaten some cookies yum 
is eating brownies. 
@CiaoBellaMe15 yum! i always get the 100 cal mini bags of popcorn 
 chocolate cake with a delicious strawberry yummy yummy
Paying bills and doing housework.....and eating cake 
snack time!!  peanut butter chip cookies and peppercorn ranch sun chip #snacks
@therealTiffany i know im not your bff but i would love to wat brownies with you  hehe
homemade chocolate chip cookies &amp; desperate housewives  my favs
@jkldesign Ahhh so jealous. Where are my crepes 
@curiosityrules My usual is a flat plain bagel with cream cheese and 2  slices of ham 
http://twitpic.com/50tq3 - Shaunis cake emma and I made.  
is eating cupcake 
cupcakes anyone? 
at Janies eatin the rum cake 
is making coconut cupcakes with marshmallow frosting. I wish I had some Peeps for toppers. 
up late on twitter!  had a long day. settling down to a nice bowl of homemade icecream. I love u dad! xoxo
I'm gonna chill and eat some cookies &amp; cream icecream 
Eating fish cracker.. haha.. 
@ragtag doughnuts (or for the Americans - donuts) ... doughnuts ... doughnuts ... doughnuts ... hungry yet? 
Is going to make yummy French toast now 
eating a candy bracelet. 
http://twitpic.com/55acd - The chocochip and nut cookies I made  It was a full jar.. now they're almost gone!
@lollipop26 I did indeed!It's so pretty.definitely recommend you try it out 
cake nearly done  smell delicious...can't wait to have some 
@CarolRiddickRDU Thts v sweet of u 
@slrendall keep me away from those jellybeans, shari 
@oliverker I think it's safe to say this will be easy. It's essentially a page of tabular data. Cake = yum 
cooookies  I love cookies
@DexterAddict yet to find the perfect key lime pie 
#whyITweet  we tweet to let the world know about our yummy cakes 
I like my lollipops  &lt;3
bakin cookies 
eating the cake I made  .. A piece ofcourse.
@theskorpion i lied. pizza. or pasta. or wait... does ice cream count?... cake... burgers. anything 
If you drop into the studio where I work tomorrow, there *might* be some double-chocolate cheesecake left that you are welcome to share. 
@sideshowMel or perhaps a nice crumpet and ladyfingers. 
eating soup and making cupcakes with chels 
@macaroons http://twitpic.com/5bhzr - I agree 
@katarangga hohoho you should! I'm on my second slice! 
@BrittanyySnoww I'm confused :O bout pop tarts haha  I'm on aim and texting
@NeodymiumDriver You're going to the land of sprinkles and lollipops. 
What a precious night - good music, great food, and a huge thumbs up on the homemade coconut cream cake.  
@JennananaPink I want a cookie 
@moonfrye Reeses peanut butter cups!! Wish they made them like 'Reeses peanut butter BARS!' 
@ilikedginger lol @ special brownies 
@veganhope Thanks so much for the caramel recipe! 
i'm gonna bake cake right now and thereis nothing you can do about it  =P
@BamDaStrag ..lmao i got fries 2 and more cheesecake 
@katcal mine is 79, i know because i thought it would be really funny to put 79 candles on his cake - it caught fire. 
@unixchickJosh i haaaaaate redheaded sluts - they are so gross! ask for chocolate cake - that is my fave - let me know how you like 
@kissability i luv scones, especially when they are just warm. pumpkin ones sound delicious. 
toast ! 
@vickicla They were all gone before I read it  , getting the recipe back though 
is a cheesecake making machine 
just finished baking kalamansi muffin  happy with the results
@lickmycupcakes you can make proper cake! what about cheesecake? baked/normal-i love both  (im so chuffed that you are making cake FOR ME)
@kelisha cos she is one smart cookie who has already worked out that everything tastes better in a cake 
Waiting to get paid... And munching. 
http://twitpic.com/5cru9 - I finished! 1:15! I have earned the brownies in my teeth. 
is making cakes 
i didn't need a cookie from @coollike because i already had one  it was so good that i [didnt] wet myself
making banana pancakes! 
@sceric77  Sounds good!  Order me a waffle w/strawberries plz.  
@theslayer730 that cake is awesome! 
i want a cupcake 
I got a cookie for following @coollike and it was so good that I wet myself (I DID NOT!) 
@Cheaty Why not just go out and buy a pack of Oreos like me? Some Chunky Chipsahoy. 
@irisa_shannon i've actually never tried those choco jellybeans...are they nice?! 
just got up.. eating bagel bites and coke 
@neha scones r for dweebs! i love scones! 
@Blackcountrymon I had one of your breakfasts... tablets and toast!!! so gone now..... it was the song contest made me drink too much 
might grab a packet of crisps 
Making pancakes - extra nom with proper Canadian maple syrup! 
eating a waffle  or 2...yummy
baking cookies with bella. 
just got back from church and is not eating homemade chocolate chip cookies and whole milk! 
pumpernickel bread &amp; spinich dip. yummm 
My turn to cook -- whipping up strawberry pancakes for my girls 
@bethaquotaholic Definitely!! I slept until 11 than ate chickem pot pie for breakfast 
i got free pies 
@mbhulo aaawww, what a cutie pie 
@sheslykeomg aww, hehe you're a doll.  You can make me e-cupcakes! 
I made pancakes 
2 my suprise, not only did i have turkey sausage prepared for me...there were hot pancakes to 
Too much chocolate round here....  I would kill for a sandwich right now
@mickeychat What about butter? I got to lick the buttery plate after hoomanz had croissants this morning 
home from a great service this morning, listening to a little dean martin and doing dishes before i bake dusted lime cookies 
Baking a cake. 
@TwoPeasandPod I wish I had a piece of that cake right now. 
@shannonrossetti ill bring the popcorn 
Me and my mom made homemade pancakes... They r sooo buttery 
@artistanika read your cake decorating experience. The mess looks like something i would leave behind only worse.  Cake looks very yummy!
I seriously want donuts right now!! eeeeeek! 
eating nutella toast with 100's and 1000's  
eating donut. 
@oliveshoot I'm a smart cookie! 
I want to see it again, but with chocolate and maybe popcorn! 
@xjujubeanx eating baked mac n cheese  bout to eat a key lime pie 2
hanging out with danny and eating cupcakes 
This cookies are amazingly delicious!  yummy!
@purple_neko good luck with the forune cookie, and the tweets! 
@mrtrev and crumpets 
I'm full.  enough of cookies.
found twin peaks dvd on shelf... am going to eat a pink donut with sprinkles 
watching brainiac, my cakes are going golden brown yay 
@raeek well obviously.. i have made my pancakes 
i fancy making cakes now 
toast soaked in butter  woo ;]
Cooking toast 
watching scrubs and eating wedges with sour cream,  yummy 
@Stephanieee55 I listened to bullet for by valentine they're pretty good 
incredibly happy. making cookies or something. 
bacon eqq &amp; cheese &amp; pink lemonade on deck before i qo to shhlleeeeeeeeppppp.!! have a qood day you school twits 
@kimiedawn really? even though i don't really like sweets much, I will surely try that. 
@AlyceMadden your grandpa !!! he did nothing but buy some rolls and 2 apple pies with cream!!!! 
just made french toast! it was yummy 
@MaggieProctor  We should celebrate an unbirthday soon. A good reason for cake 
@SSBxoxo the waffles were your cure? I see you know the ancient texts 
Two small batches of cupcakes on the go now 
@sorcha69 It really is! I have a bowl of candy (that I myself can't even eat actually. ha.) on my desk. They will break eventually 
@renmiu ...about putting bacon into the chocolate brownies...  you had to be there...  
at lunch. eating lemon muffin. top notch! 
The logical thing would've been to go to bed, not break out the chocolate chip cookies... 
hmm. i'm thinking ice cream. chocolate chip cookie dough? love ittt! 
French toast sticks make me happy 
Eating left over cake and marshmallow sticks from yesterday , with gingerbread men still left to decorate 
candy mountain - candy - mountain - candy mountain  charlieeeeeeeeeee xD
eating lots of dessert with dnna 
@nessie111 Have a brilliant birthday  hope there's cake, there has to be cake!
@BalderKongen ...but it *is* summertime, so I'm going to start making my own dough and grilling pizza 
I feel super conservative with this bun 
Eating a cookie. 
Typing, While my sister eats a cookie. 
@Landailyn a good point...icky poo would never sell as a cake style 
@evregirl what a dilemma my sweet tart 
@SiciliaCurves it's not really you that should be apologizing, but you know i love the cupcakes, so i'll take it. 
Just bought some more Oreos today. Excited to eat them tomorrow 
http://twitpic.com/5ogug - For @Crensci this is fairy bread 
http://twitpic.com/5ogxc - This is fairy bread with the crusts on....any of you had this??? We love it here at kids parties  @Crensci
@meldrum83 ok then you can roll my nappies n build my cakes n go shopping 
@adey90 Bake something 
just tried crazy crepes its very delicous 
@nicolerichie Heathers! ...You were a brownie. You were a girl scout cookie. 
breakfast with cornflakes and cappuccino  yummy!
@smoulderingsea I'll settle for m&amp;m cookies. 
Having pancakes on southbank. I love melbourne. 
Home now watching Friends and eating Pringles 
@kiranerdcore i do that with mint choc chip 
candies in cakes, with the candles... i like it 
@LiveCrunchBlog hiya, this was about the cupcake security fix rather than cupcake 
@Firequacker What a great excuse to buy Pringles! I've been resisting for weeks  
@DamianGrounds And have you found that biscuit I gave you yet, lol  There are more on the plate if you want another #elevensestime
this lollypop is lush 
@KieronJS  haven't seen any of my books but I'm truly fascinated in how random it is.  I ate half a packet of biscuits watching it 
eating nutella on waffles! 
2 cakes 1 day 
is having cake for breakfast. 
eating chocolate cake 
@waffles08 its not 715...its 745 is when we start  haha
I'm just about to turn dough into biscuits. 
@grum hot white choc is so good 
@jamescummings: the cake was good though 
@endlessblush i was but then i saw your gingerbread palace and had to come back and be snarky 
i want some cake 
@CraigTeich I'm going to automate you delivering me some donuts everyday. 
Yay! liz bought me a small cake  now i'm walking around school w/ a pinata, balloon, and cake! lol 
@DeliciousLunch cookies were really nice, especially the chocolate ones *nom* thanks 
@antonyadelaar he's our personal slave. serving the chics coffee and cheese cake on demand 
@TysonCarroll the best trick is beef jerky-cuz you have to concentrate so hard to chew it!!  but my fave is Skittles! 
mango cheesecake .. yumm . 
@Efarquha Brownies, goddammit!  BROWNIES!    I mean, not that I have a preference.  But studies show that brownies trump cookies always.
@hariprasadm how come a Belgian chocolate fudge is home made? 
eating some toast!  OmNomNomNomNom xD
@AlexCleanthous i went with a number of goodies  cupcakes, lemon bars, cookies, brownies, and chocolate covered strawberries  yummm
is making cupcakes tonight with my babeee 
@lobsterandswan I hear you! carrot cake can get so mushy, pineappley, rum-raisiny and all--I'll let you know what I find out recipe-wise 
@michaelsheen would you still call that an English muffin, or is it just a muffin when you're over there? 
Hersheys cookies and cream, my fravorite 
is cuter than a cupcake 
is cuter than a cupcake 
Just finished baking cookies and brownies 
@glamah &amp; bring us some puff pastry.. i can't get that around here.. and heck if I can make it 
just finished lunch!  i'm not cranky anymore! haha. xD right now i'm eating the biggest slice of cake i've ever had! yum! xD
Bout time 4 a midnight snack.....blue bell cookies n cream 
i miss my cookies n' cream 
@jessewatson1 y'all act like we haven't discussed meatloaf cupcakes before...c'mon!  @shandrab
going  to s&amp;r alabang, craving for combo pizza and blue bunny cookie dough ice cream. 
@kayci_glaze i love them too because they are yummy and gooey 
Baking vanilla cupcakes with @monicarecto. 
http://twitpic.com/65vkh - 3 scoops for $1 
Kayy finally goin to bed haha sweet dreans! 
@alistairpaul the brownies were good! I can guarntee you that. 
made homemade cupcakes, cookies, and buttercream.  yay! i need $150 by saturday.
@LauraChappell too funny. Peeps are the best! 
@sheelar dear cupcake lady, you and your cupcakes are awesome 
needs some FUNFETTI frosting....she can't eat the bread by itself...jk ...yea she can haha 
blondies were delicious 
tried making cupcakes. they were more like massive muffins. or small cakes. one came out shaped like a heart tho. 
@gunsandbutter12 I had cookies 
@cosmicvoid -snicker- is that a no to a pb&amp;j cake? 
cherry cake 
just got home to a batch of cupcakes 
@psylocke617 I want a cookie when you make 'em!! 
@amateurgourmet Sounds like you may have my grandfather's recipe for &quot;candy beans&quot; 
@RedBullGurl steak and banana cream pie .. nice late night snack  
Cake for my co-workers!  http://tinyurl.com/nwrfkv
going to make fruit tarts this weekend 
Loving u is cherry pie 
sweet_ kryptonite!ilove that song 
hungry....McFlurry yummmmmmmmmmiee *drool* *sigh*  hahahah 
Me,milk and cookies...the perfect threesome 
@cookie_crumbles -- lol, that's cool. 
Eating a pop tart  x
Just drunk a coffe,but I'm still sleeping lol...now drink a fresh lemonade and eat some marshmallows mmm...then study guitar! 
