Most common words for this cluster:
[('california', 197), ('florida', 136), ('hawaii', 107), ('day', 80), ('time', 76), ('az', 69), ('i', 69), ('arizona', 66), ('today', 65), ('http', 61), ('home', 61), ('colorado', 58)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Arizona', 0.7603193521499634), (u'California', 0.745364785194397), (u'Oregon', 0.7369459867477417), (u'Fresno', 0.7337483763694763), (u'Southern_California', 0.7222124338150024), (u'Nevada', 0.7204141616821289), (u'Colorado', 0.7192789912223816), (u'Utah', 0.7125226855278015), (u'Sacramento', 0.7050138711929321), (u'Idaho', 0.7009535431861877)]





Nevada is really long and the gas pumps are down   But on a good note I just won $5 in a slot machine!!  I love to gamble!!!
@Gen_Marie  I hope we can fix you in California at least.....
pose ta b goin ta AZ dis week  i hope lol
moving moving moving, keep those boxes moving, Rawhide!! think i've gone delirious from moving 
My Buds from Oregon are going back home today!! 
@Phoenix165 California is what happens when you put a trickily worded Proposition in the hands of the electorate rather than the elected. 
Having an awesome time in Florida...but its my last day.  
@natfriedman Yes, and he's even hiring, but now that I own a house, I'm not in a great position to relocate to Emeryville. 
Reno 911... I'll always remember you for what you were, but its just not the same with this different cast. I'm going to need some time 
Wants to ditch class and work to enjoy the windless weather today.  but knowing NM weather it won't last long.
Will Prop 8 make California the next Mississippi 
@lkhalladay Colorado's a beautiful state, but I'm not up for snow anymore   Thanks for the follow.
Ugh!! Why is it blizzarding in Colorado????!!! Won't be seeing my parents this weekend  there plane got cancelled!
Ugh!! Why is it blizzarding in Colorado????!!! Won't be seeing my parents this weekend  their plane got cancelled!
i went out with a friend visiting from Utah. she used to live here. didn't know she knew jjs and we shoulda went to stench's show instead 
@danasdirt When we lived in Hawaii we always had orchids in the house..unfortunately, I killed them all 
sooo sad. last day in AZ. i dont wanna go back 2 school!!!!!!!!!!! no learning!!! AHHHHHHH!!! 
I miss my Sister.  why'd she have to move to stinkin Alaska?
UGH! Why don't I live in California?! Coachella's lineup is SICK.  fml
@joeypage I wish I was still in Florida so I could go to your show  are you going on tour this summer ?
I wish i was in Tempe right now.   - xoxo
Time is running out for snow lovers in California. It is so warm in Lake Tahoe that there soon will only be dirt left 
Emeryville is a very fence-heavy city. Also, I've never met a fence I couldn't climb. But now my hands are dirty 
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Denver - Colorado
last night in AZ 
It's getting hot already  in Mesa, AZ http://loopt.us/4Ef5mg.t
Oklahoma weather sucks .. my power is going off and on LOA shall be posted tomorrow .. sorry 
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Denver - Colorado
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Yakima - Washington
enjoyed the Petaluma races, but misses her hubby 
@blamecanada09 @nick_carter I would be so happy if I got a shout out, esp since I was so excited to see him in AZ but it didn't happen, 
Wishes he was seeing M.I.A at Coachella right now. I've seen her there twice before and I feel like I'm missing out up here in Portland 
Packing up all her stuff to leave California and go back home in the morning 
Something in the road killed our truck.  almost in Florida too.  http://twitpic.com/3l0jr
@mrunique2oo5 No, it was only one day. What is wca? From Ceres? I haven't seen any of the old Ceres crew at any meets 
watched a glorious sunrise over the lake... made me miss sunrises over the mountains in Aspen 
I want to go to Florida  I love it there
Ugh.  living in Arizona and being hyper-sensitive to sunlight, it's not easy to avoid getting burned. 
Kids are sick all because of the weather  California , I miss you honey!
Florida &amp; then European cruise for 2 weeks! not me tho.. i'll be in school. fuck co-op. bye mom  http://twitpic.com/3le1m
California residents, how much more will you pay this year?http://tinyurl.com/3m7k9k $972 more for me 
@sparklestar17 hahaha! I wanted to get an IORG shirt when I went to Fresno but they had packed up all the merch 
Launching our day in Napa Valley. Nice night at Meritage. Now to Yountville for breakfast. The hills are already dry here . Need green. 
Going back to Portland tonight to an empty home  No boo, no dogs. Sadness.
Stuck in Phoenix, Arizona until the gods of flight deem me worthy enough to leave this place. I don't even think there's free internet 
This trip to California is wrapping up soon  only 4 hours till my flight.
My car insurance just tripled, moving to California from Colorado.  I guess that's another reason to stay rural.
Not looking forward to the drive back to AZ 
I don't want to go back to Yakima tomorrow 
Just got done hanging out with my brother one last time before he moves to Oregon. 
it looks like someone got murdered on my cars front end lol..its all those bugs i killed from the AZ drive  now i have to car wash! :/
@LITTLEWINDMILL yeah omg, I miss talking about our ventures in Hawaii 
@Starbucks By the way ... I'm totally jealous that SB NZ doesn't do half the stuff that America does   We don't even have SB's cards yet!!
happy 420.. wish I was in Florida  
Disappointed!  Not only is Pepsi Throwback nowhere to be found in Yakima, WA, no one has even heard of it!  I am so bummed!  #throwback
@RealLamarOdom WAS? it's still hot right now! I'm dyyyyying over here in Northridge 
Dear California, you owe me a bff and a lover 
Just got back from Laughlin NV. had a great time, but didn't win  !!
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Sacramento - California
&amp;%$%$% finished my Omaha H/L tournament as the bubble boy, so sad 
tonight I have to head back to California, away from the woman I love so much. Memories will have to tide me over until I'm here again 
@nhoustonreed can't believe you've finished NM already! sad times 
My heart is in Maine 
Digesting the enormous amount of Taco Mesa I just ate, getting ready for tomorrow's long day of shooting &amp; missing my nephews. 
@joeasl lol happens all the time! you guys should come back to Victorville because I missed your show 
I love Stillwater and am going to miss it!  
@joshgracin When are you coming back to No.California?! Last time you were here you played in a Chico bar and I wasn't old enough to go! 
So I am guessin @donniewahlberg meant midnight Pacific time 
Leaving Benicia again already.  I'll miss you guys.  Heading off to Colorado. First stop, a contra dance tomorrow night in Fort Collins.
nice morning riding....but a shit arvo working   3 weeks in Maui can't come fast enough
had a lovely night at Pasadena, oh how I miss this dear city,well off to sleep,but not good since tummy hurts  good news...
The Maine's album wont be here for like 1 or 2 weeks....... aww 
or is it just me???? too bad he is going to be in Colorado tommorow  oh well i still have the Jonas Brothers thing to look forward to
playing games online...just finished chatting with my close friend.He lives in Arizona right now..I'm so jealous...lol! 
Just seen my sister go and run off to Hawaii  But at least she'll have fun!!
Montana horse slaughter bill 418 becomes law  http://bit.ly/bill-418
@_Gila yea, but minus me 
It's raining again.. weird.. headed to Southern Utah Univ. today for a track meet! Last Steeplechase possibly 
@lartist maybe for you!  Here in Utah (oddly enough) it's rainy   I'll probably brave it anyway though, car or no.
@marae02 actually there has been 20 confirmed cases in Florida today!!! 
@bccarlso Congrats on arriving in Tacoma! I saw your tweet about Yellowstone closed  Do you have a place to stay yet?
Omffffg! Black Butte Porter from Bend,  Oregon is here!! My favorite beer in the UNIVERSE!! Can't get it in NC. 
So I may have a vaca day today but wont know until I get there  in Phoenix, AZ http://loopt.us/xnGQVg.t
I don't think McMinnville has any comic book shops. 
Hermosa...watching the races ! too bad its not sunny out... 
@courtthedork lol it's raining like crazy here in California. 
@ambercartriana  Stopping by to wish you a wonderful weekend...it is cold and rainy her in not-so-sunny California   Joy
@venessagarza omg some how I'm sick or allergies or something was not up to partying on strand can't breathe  hows Arizona?
No shark diving  boat company said no sharks &amp; water too merky. Boulder beach instead! penguins on south africa beach!
@miss_tattoo  yeah they are all at the NorCal party 
The Oregon Trail me has died.  How sad.
I'm really going to miss my friends here in AZ. 
I could deal when it was hannah Montana. 
@cochick5280 that will be good. I miss Colorado.  where do you work?
is driving back to rainy Northern California today 
Nooo! I really don't wanna leave Florida, my paradise, to go to the &quot;artic&quot; Northern Georgia 
@ambeRRubarth that Vespa experiment is so awesome, hey vienna was really great in Tucson last night  sorry U weren't there
Back in Colorado! Turn on phone and learn from Twitter that both the Colorado Mammoth and Colorado Eagles lost their games today. Dang. 
@cryssyfarm @memiAKbrasil  She has two dates in June.  One in Nevada and one in Conneticut. Oh..and two in Ontario.  
@fruMurf I myself have lived in Oklahoma for over 25 years. While I know a lot of open loving people, I know a few that are not so much 
@aplusk  don't care about us Oregon tweeps? 
has returned to the vacuum of culture, Boulder 
@blondeirish I love raspberries! When I lived in WA state I used to eat them by the flat! But they are  too expensive here in AZ 
I'm ready to come home to California....I'm just missing everyone....and the boyfriend 
Working on the lame powerpoint for college english.  I miss California already!
bye bye SoCal 
@DonnieWahlberg I'm in California wishing I was in boston 
Another great weekend here in Alaska. Beautiful weather, lotsa stuff done. Too bad it's back to work tomorrow. 
Anticipating the weenie roast announcement in the morning. Even though I won't be living in California to enjoy it 
earthquake again! in Northridge 
@artistinthewild You insist on making me jealous. I think I'm the only person in Alaska who hasn't been to Hawaii. 
@SoupAirCool I wish I was in Vancouver. I live in Arkansas.  Stuck here my whole life.
@staciemahoe: Sadly no. It's been raining here in NE part of Oklahoma for 2 weeks  Next week is looking dry!! We watching a lot of go ...
epic fail on 9-1 again tonight. needs more BLM  #ffxi #videogameaddiction
@JenAlaniz  I had 4gotten about spending the weekend in Tahoe that weekend with family from Oregon   DARN!! I so want to go 
Getting tired and it's only Louisiana 
California Burning! again 
Thinkn bout movin back to Cali. I've had enough of AZ. I miss my real friends! 
nooooo I landed in vegas  I'm meant to be in Hawaii. haha I miss you all &lt;3 (mp,mc,rn,jt,etc)
@kazzmasta that shirt is not Scottsdale status 
Slightly devastated that my friend and her husband are moving to Montana. I'm going to really miss them. 
leaving Reno in 3 hours 
@nicksantino WARPED!!! but you guys wont be on the Florida dates, im so sad 
@pigsflypr No,  Nothing yet my friend! Why are you moving out to Sonoma?
At work wishing I was in Florida spending the day with my mom  http://myloc.me/GkX
going to go worship in the park  see ya in Reno 
@munkymunch AwwwwwWWW!!! And my bestest friend forever is moving to Colorado next month 
Up in NorCal  Bye SoCal 
watching bloodrayne on scifi and wishing I could see my mom she's in Arizona 
@wendles no more Hawaii  we decided that most people wouldn't be able to make it. we might do something small there tho. I'll let you know
not so secretly wishing i was going down to Florida tomorrow to see the shuttle launch. many months ago that was the plan, but too busy 
On my way back to the small big city of Hawaii, wish I had more of a vacation 
Leaving Sacramento soon  was too short of a trip with @dorotron
i'm sad that this is my last night in Maui  but i'm gonna make the most of it!
@theellenshow http://twitpic.com/4ztai - I would love to come and help, but I'm in Florida.  I will pray that they find a good home. ^ ...
@robinficklin Why Idaho??  I guess this means your off the cruise ship 
I miss my best friend  damn you, Alaska!
I hate Oklahoma weather and having to evacuate my house in the middle of the night 
I'm missing the marvelous Colorado summer nights right now. 
is so bored in Hawaii 
I wanna go back to Tempe. I miss my Jamba friends. 
@Phoenix_Aeris What's up? 
Searching for hotels in Hawaii for the big world tour... bit on the steep side for my budget! 
@NctrnlBst daaang I have to work.   Double dang, the assignment is in Wahiawa!
on my way to Oklahoma for tim's wedding...miss my kitties 
posted a new video: No disc golf in Cloudcroft today  http://tinyurl.com/pdxjql
I'm thinkin Albertson's has something against Cholula sauce... I can't find any... 
@smileKuzya: Hilo is raining  washed the car 4 nothing grrrr !
misses Northridge 
@MissSTARcey  that and i hardly hear of a good dj doing a gig in the portland Oregon area. 
is sad to be going back to Utah tomorrow 
Ugh! No reason to go all the way to Manteca now   I'm ready to go out and not the kinda girl who drinks alone...
Wants to see her family in Oregon but is stuck in Maine 
NM um so bored and i just got dumped my my boy friend  i wish he didnt coz i still really like him
Napa was fun...but now i can't get myself to focus... 
@JohnLloydTaylor aaah you guys are taking off  can't wait to see you guys soon in Arizona
prettyy boared.. waiting for it to stop raining up here in Maine.. 
It's supposed to get to just over 90deg in Vallejo today 
total bummer. butler boy is taking another year off to study orgo in California. 
Home now, got stuff put away, showered, and ready to go camping again. to bad Colorado's not for 48 1/2 more days 
Sick today so missing the going away party for my niece.  She's relocating to Oregon after being promoted. (Coast Guard)
@harleyfatboy88b ooo sweet but I think we will be in Anaheim  #padrestweetup
It's storming in Florida; must be time to go. 
@nicaliciousx im glad it didn't get to that but it sucks it happened in the first place  you need a vacation to Florida, y/y?
@JasonGardiner living in Sequim means travel=overnights. especially since the hood canal bridge is closed for repair 
@thisisalexbeck So where are the California dates?! 
is in Fresno.. 
Why are my friends chilling at my house in Kauai and i'm not??? ugh i hate being a grown up sometimes 
good night all. @zombienicholas @william_control @angelibarra I'm sorry I can't see you in Fullerton and Anaheim  Have fun for me!
Looking at pics from Arizona...I miss those days 
@wellheeledblog so jealous, i never got to feel an EQ when I lived in SoCal.    these things always happen after i leave a state!
Oh my buenos noches ppl California dont cook today! eat cold haha cuz its gonna get hot!  maybe Arnie oughta hold an ballot to see if he
woke up...time to return to wells Fargo. 
@presentationzen Portland will have 500+ more hip people hanging out there now that Nike are laying off employees 
I'm enjoying a rainy morning Florida &amp;  husband's 2nd day of retirement..... life as I have known it will be changed forever...yuck.
Now there's this buisness of getting up an hour early to catch the bus to work  in Reno, NV http://loopt.us/ijDyEQ.t
Albuquerque show cancelled  not our fault, I promise. Unfortunate events, hope all is well!
Sleepless in Scottsdale... Hubby is in Cali. 
last night in Cali  then a whirlwind red-eye back to DesMoines... fun fun!
Last night in Hawaii!!!  Saddddddddd   But I'll be back in August....3 Hawaii trips in 2009?  Not too bad!!!!
I just wasted 30 minutes of life playing Battlestations Pacific online. I came in last place 
Planning out my trip to Florida, but I am not really sure I want to go anymore. 
at work eating muffins and drinkin an Arizona gotta lay off the Starbucks and Redbull 
the only thing missing is the beach! I miss Florida beaches  I need a REAL vacation this year!!!
On the plane, heading to Florida. Forcast not looking to good 
@YesiG NM regarding *Joining Forces* w/ #saveearl @EarlTwitition seems disintrested, I've seen no tweets from #saveearl w/ #bringbacklife 
I love the RAIN, to bad Arizona people forget how to drive in the rain.. 
last day in Florida  outside enjoying the day 
Going to Denver today to see my sis. Running the Boulder Boulder 10K. How badass is that? I hope I don't die  Thats a long, long way 2 go!
Tomorrow we leave for a whirlwind west coast tour.  San Fran, Napa, Reno, Tahoe.  Now if only we could bring Teddy with us... 
@jblumemberg STALKER! jaja love ya! tell the little Maui to create one too! i miss ya  we never talk!
@MrEricPiRaTe send some Hawaii sunshine as well? LOL I miss Hawaii. 
Welcome to rainy Moab, Utah!! 
I can't get what happened to that couple from Ventura out of my head.  
Im craving a mermaid roll!!! But I cant find anywhere in Denver that makes em  I guess I have to go back to Nevada.
@uesuto He's not going to go to ABQ with me  But getting the wisdom teeth out does suck!
I'm recovering from smokey vegas air in Hawaii voggy air?*cough cough cough cough* 
Prop 8: one of the many reasons I don't care for California 
Sad that my parents have left to go home...I'm in Sacramento, CA and they are in Florida... 
@seanbonner CLARIFICATION:  When I say, &quot;Dumb,&quot; I mean the fact that a progressive state like California should be so wrong.  
@violetblue http://twitpic.com/60rmo - there are far better things to be stripped of...         sad California, very sad
Way to go, California  http://graphjam.files.wordpress.com/2008/11/gaymarriage.gif #rejectprop8
I still havent got a chance 2 meet PLIES and we both live in Florida! I go 2 his concerts but dont get the chance! Why me? 
@Navi_Ganancial  I miss the bay area / Sonoma. 
My Hawaiian is going to Hawaii for 3 weeks tomorrow. 
wishes she had gone to SoCal to attend @JRRichards concerts This weekend! 
Driving home from Greeley and wishing I was less sleepy 
I think I want to move back! I miss home.. I miss Spokane.. I just want to cry to my dog maxey! 
missing my bf as he flies on an airplane across the Pacific to Hawaii for the summer 
Not off to Monterey. 
@FatimaControl @shotgunxsarah if i had a car I would so volunteer, I havent seen them since Reno 2007 
SoCal!  stoked. or maybe not.. tomorrow 
I hate Bakersfield and I hate the Ports, let me go home already.  I want to start my vacation.
I knew I should've worn the SARS mask on the plane from SoCal.. feeling the beginnings of a sore throat 
@meeksdigital haven't worked there for a long time but kinda miss it! I miss anna  seen her? i'll prob be in SLO most of the summer! you?
@NellaGrl 64 degrees would be a dream. it's 75 in Boise still. 
why is it so hard to find good house events in the Sacramento area? 
@dean_b BF @ gig in Portland OR.  That's not driving distance to come save me from Burbank. I stuck ATM.  Working on plan B
@KGWSunrise I missed you guys this morning. I'm in Tacoma w/ no KGW to start my day. 
@JonathanRKnight actually, I wish I was back in Tahoe.  I miss it there.
No u guys! @jonathanrknight said California in an angry tweet to perez hilton! Jonathan was so upset he spelled California wrong 
1 more goal, Gila!! But his last game is against milan. Dillematic 4 me 
@joelyuk If you think Florida's heat will be too much, I will reluctantly take your place 
This is California it has to be sunny... But its not ::::: makes me kinda sad 
@petewentz hey are you guys planning any So Cal headlining shows around the time of the Blink tour? We dont get you in Irvine 
Got back from Arizona yesterday.  Moved the furniture and stuff out of the Arizona house and shipped it to Redwood City.    How sad.
Schwarzenegger proposes closing 220 state parks   http://bit.ly/MhKz0
California's budget deficit (now at $24.3 billion) means big problems and lots of cuts, including 220 of our state parks 
@melissaha What?! You have to be kidding me - it's an AZ landmark! This kinda news makes me sad 
Just got my rejection email from Jeffco schools.  fingers crossed for Boulder Valley...
I'm bummed that the @retrorewind contest is only for the 48 states   What about Hawaii??
two hours till our offer on the house expires  no word yet! Come on people, sell us your house!!!!!!!!!!! #Parker #Colorado
Today is a sad day for Tucson: http://tr.im/mQ39 I shall miss the sour cream apple pie, fondue, and separate seating for groups with dogs 
It's not monsoon season in Telluride yet, so why does it keep raining everyday?! 
@Kstricklen If I could, I'd send California sunshine your way. 
And the city I love, Tucson, is the 18th most miserable  http://bit.ly/k3Gmw
anyone want to buy a place on the Oregon Coast?  It is one gorgeous area and unfortunately for me it must be sold. 
Which would be a lot easier to get if plane tickets to AZ didnt raise $80 in price 
@djCrMix it's been raining every single afternoon in S.Florida  not fair! hehe
Well, Sacramento, I hope you appreciate Rivkah Sass &amp; treat her well. I'll be sitting here in Omaha, pouting 
back to Roseburg...and an empty apartment 
Someone fly me to Reno 
I miss Vermont 
@SLTennis2003 unfortunately no  hence y I get called Casper!!
@gaycyclops I have finals (and a 10 page report) until the 10th which is when I get back to Olympia. so I'll be studying on the weekend 
@MissKeila: Other than PSO, no  A VISTA in my office got to go to Colorado for a conference. They wouldn't let me go to one in San Fran.
@girlonlaptop I'm in Florida currently, so I can't come 
Watching hannah Montana and dreading tomorrow 
@BlondeByDesign I hope you can get there soon. Montana sure isn't easy breezy to get to is it? 
ok!! just donated to help doggie Phoenix!! (see previous tweet) Now time to drive to Tahoe...starving and dinner is at least an hour away 
Juuuuuust about done setting up the Provo booth. Missed out on paella.  #mf09
missing Albuquerque. 
missing California like crazy! 
Awww I just remembered i'm missing sierra's 21st  I wanna go drunk camping with everyone but too bad I live in effing Florida.
@LifeModifed: Getting ready to leave to Arizona for the weeeeeekenddd, its gonna be hot 
Aw  I got an ortho appt tmrw.  wish I could be in Solvang though with my favorite ppl.
Wanted to see DMC @ Cornerstone Calif. but was not able to make it    Was stoked when we heard about &amp; attended the Carlsbad show!!!
@AllEyeszOnMe everyone is good... you know still in AZ... sucks i dont spend as much time w/them as i wish  so enjoy ur time w/ur fam now!
Fantastic day on Kauai - rented a standup paddle board (harder than it looks but still not that hard), swam, read, lounged. 1 more day 
@cognoscento Spokane of course, I don't think I'll ever get out. hit 90 today, it's 85 in the living room 
@Theheartsong oh now that sounds like fun! Two of my kids have accts. Sierra said to find her..but she has no profile pic 
@marshallsheldon even if you don't follow back they still send tweets. We don't have a Macy's in Alaska 
it seems that California is going to close most of the parks in a bad attempt to avoid bankruptcy 
Missing my bear while I'm in Scottsdale. 
Doesn't want to go back to Anaheim tomorrow 
Mile 295 : refuel, and hopefully, stop for the last time.  Eta #mitm4e : 230am.  I'm sorry, Fresno, I tried to get there sooner 
Testing new modem Sierra 881U..  looks good but the signal is not. 
@Pinot007 not a Oregon Pinot 
http://twitpic.com/68v4b - Hawaii state fair looks a little lame 
@selectmatt  we're on 40 heading east just outside of Albuquerque  NM  miss you doods already
Boardin my Southwest Airlines flight Dulles to Vegas to Orange County! So excited! I hate that I have to fly United next week instead 
is totally bummed it's gonna be at least 3 more weeks until she gets to see Dakota.. 
@lmpotter I'm in Florida at my other home, getting ready to sell it and bring my mom &amp; g-mother to virginia..forgot to bring fishing gear 
@mandisaofficial don't you just love that? California time is 7:36am and I was trying to sleep in 
@brandi_b thanks for the warm welcome! Colorado springs is beautiful wish I could have stayed longer. 
http://twitpic.com/69gba - I miss being in lovely sunny Florida! 
Coffee Plantation in Tempe is closing its doors  I spent soo much time studying there during my ASU years, sad to see it close.
@kd0bik I'd love to get to one of the big Hamventions, Dayton, Colorado etc. Sadly my company doesn't pay me anywere enough 
@deannefl  sorry I have a Florida  if u think use another state
http://twitpic.com/69k4t - Just enjoying last few hours in Florida... 
I didn't get any sleep I feel tired but super excited for Hawaii, &amp; I have a stomach ache 
@ShelbyCollinge Breckenridge Colorado is probably my all time favorite... but in the winter 
Wow, this weather today really has me missing California 
I thought Florida was the sunshine state...  That's it... I am packing my bags and moving to a sunnier place with a beach of course! LOL!
is in Arizona, about to go shopppinggggg. it's so hot here tho 
Mannn, om my way to Sac for the dentist vist, with momma. So far  I don't feel like driving.
Morning twitt world......I hate this weather....what happened to the California sun..... 
@willowing I love the greenery! We have switched to dried grass mode in California.  I wish it were green!
I never want to leave Arizona. 
I wish there was a Dunken Donuts in Bakersfield 
@chowsir gaspppp. He passed away?  I really wanted to sit in one of his lectures but he retired by the time I got to Berkeley
@LockonRyan9 I could've come to Anaheim 
Is pretty bummed that my best friend is leaving tomorrow to move to Florida.  
@kaleenka we won't be going to Lanai 
Goodbye Arizona   Bama is looking like they are here to stay and win it!
Arizona is getting pounded by Alabama, this is painful to watch 
my heart is breaking for Arizona 
@maukingbird I thought I as the @twitter king of Omaha 
Why does it have to rain all the time  summer in Florida isn't supposed to be like this
Wish I didn't have to share a truck. I'd be half way to California right now straight sunset blvd.  I wanna hug Perfect man one more time
@alialsawaf There's that and the fact that Phoenix is a bit off the beaten path so my ping to Blighty is a tad high 
Chilling at Tulsa Int'l Airport to see our vocalist fly back to Oregon! 
Lasty day at Hawaii  store exploring and getting the wallet lighter!
Leaving Hawaii &amp; Paradise today to head back home today. 
cant Believe i missed Coronado graduation im sad now  ......   Anyways wats everybody being doing 2day?
In Vermont. Last night of my @albertacross adventure  sad times.
coming back from a nice Prescott drive. time to take the hoodie off  in Phoenix, AZ http://loopt.us/yTle_Q.t
No, he is in Tucson with his cousins.  It has been 2 weeks now.  I'm not sure about when he'll be back 
@RedemptionMiah I didn't know we had a vegan hot dog stand!!  Where is it?  Utah County is not so good for vegan stuffs 
@claudia215  not going to Utah next Sat. I'm saving pennies for Alaska.
@aznbean I'm also bored as can be... friends are all too tired to do anything  why can't we live near/in California? haha
This weather has to stop.... Florida is suppose to be the Sunshine State... I am not in a Sunshine State of Mind. 
My afternoon of exploring vacation properties in Skagit county was mostly a bust. Planned to use my phone for navigation, but no signal. 
@Terrific22  still mad at u cuz ur not coming to Florida
@markhoppus I searched for over an hour for the presale and the general sale and no luck  When is the presale for the 2nd Irvine show?
Last night in California 
@Raidensgirl The dog would chase the cats out of the house.  That is so wrong.  Cats here 1st.  I scatter Chico's ashes this week.  
Watching softball... This game is like watching the superbowl. Arizona is losing again 
@JonathanRKnight 10 weeks tho, huh?   I met u in DMoines (c my profile pic), my &quot;magic&quot; didn't convince u2come back2Omaha once more? LOL
today turned to be a bust. going to bed alone tonight. my baby's in Wichita 
leaving sunny Scottsdale tomorrow 
I miss Guam! Driving over 5 hours to see friends really makes me miss my tiny island home!! 
omg  tomorrow's my last day in California ( i really have to cherish every single second.. like.. for real :|
Somehow a California King isn't big enough... sigh 
Cheyenne and karlee just left  but ill prolly c thrm again b4 summers over
Please take me outta my body to smell California and sweet hypocrisy / last night on mill with PIC before I go home! 
hittin' the hay for the last time in Oregon. 
Ah, needs sleep. Might not go to California afterall 
I wish I was back in Florida 
@jalove meeeean! glad you enjoyed it. Oahu is pretty frickin hot too  enjoy the rest of your weekend!
R.I.P Dakota...you will truly be missed...I can't believe this happened to someone so young...my prayers go out to nikki and her family. 
Wish I could see my brother perform in Tempe next saturday 
Heading to omaha. Omaha to chicago to montreal. Its too early. 
You know u r older than you think when a Y reg Sierra is considered a classic car. 
Q: by @nprLianeHansen &quot;Favorite childhood candy?  Skybar.  Yours?&quot; &lt;-- My A: Idaho Spud made in Pacific NW, but can't find in Texas.  #fb
I just arrived at Arizona whew im tired 
One thing i don't like about being fluffy is they don't make big enough things..like a really awesome tie-dye sweatshirt from Vermont. 
@pmerric Yes... I hiked Fossil Springs Arizona last week.  Beatiful hike but they removed the dam last year and ruined a great fun spot. 
Passed Fremont. I miss youuu 
Sierra always eats pudding cups and juice boxes  none for me....
@Piewacket1 someday I will live over there with you all and life will be perfect. I have no 30 support here in Maine  just me
I'm hate this weather. It's 102 degrees outside right now. I can never leave Oregon. 
@TheRemusLupins shoot.. they won't be with you all in Florida... at least not according to their myspace... 
Last full day in California 
Finally back from vacation. . . it was raining in Florida the whole time 
California unemployment rate @ 11.2% damn &amp; its gonna get worse 
headed back to AZ... missing him already 
thinks all life is sacred and precious!! and is saddened by what happened in Wichita this morning 
Another hot day, dug out the air conditioner from the garage, not the same as being in Florida though 
Movie time is over wish @TamaraMascara was thre but she's in Arizona  lil LALA missed u
On my way to the Kansas City airport to go back to California  I'm a sad panda
Just saw a man in &quot;bad touch pants&quot; at a NM truck stop. I couldn't believe what I was seeing and therefore didn't get a pic  #tourreyes
grocery store, dinner, etc.. hubby is going to Maine for a few  
@kat_rivera KAATTTTT I be passing by your page but I don't add ever  how's Florida??
Just left taco tree in baker city. On to vomit it in the twisty Oregon highways  ...said mj
@mathewSOMETHING yeah man, when I was in California I tried to see them at anaheim but they had sold out 
On my way back to AZ 
Leaving Yosemite    http://twitpic.com/6d5m0
Just walked in from Vermont  i wanna still be up there
http://twitpic.com/6d8ht - i miss mine sissy. shes in Omaha @ a wedding and she left me at home!!!!!  sad
http://twitpic.com/6d8m0 - i miss my sissy. she in Omaha @ a wedding and she left me at home!!!!! 
http://twitpic.com/6d8pm - i miss my sissy. she is in Omaha @ a wedding and she left me home!!!!  sad
@KDRupley it just makes you realize how many words you never learned how to spell.    The only word I knew was Anasazi.
Ahh! got me all excited. AZ taylor. not for a couple more hours 
Last time I went 2 movies I was with my honey...  we saw &quot;I love u man&quot; n Burbank I fed him nachos and went downtown ;-) *wink* I'm bad..
Dakota is getting ready for surgery tomorrow  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6901188
@jennarosee I wish I could listen but my ipod died on the way home from Maine 
Just made it home finally. I hate the drive from Reno to here. 
@Hoboprophet hahahah!!! but it is the only gift AZ has!!!!!  
On the train back to Visalia. I don't want to work tomorrow 
@HenryT Glad to see California's not alone.  Proposal: Schwarzenegger/Blagojevich PPV match. Proceeds go to winner's state.
Wow! Grand slam by Florida to eliminate Florida.  Can't believe it! I was teary eyed...sad when softball careers are ended 
 why so cold California?
Back in Fresno  waiting for String Bean Chicken in Fresno, CA http://loopt.us/kfbi8Q.t
@vickaay i know rite  but they r havin fun in da sun in Hawaii!
@rickbutts unfortunately not a virtual event. They have these events in several cities, but not in Colorado 
ommmg UCI fail. am not liking Virginia's team. grrr. 1 out away from losing 
@AkikoWRITERinHI I love Arizona too, but the heat is....unacceptable 
Drove down to Monterey today, drive was awesome but a little too cloudy, so no scenic sunset 
Is counting down the days till @PoorPaul! Also on the search to get new headshots done...may have to go to Omaha or Minnesota  suck major!
I really shouldn't read my old journal entries... They're making me miss being in California. 
I am so so sad   Friends cant make it for the hannah Montana movie on thrus and i cant get my newsletter done
I hate sleeping alone in this California king sized bed.  I wish she were here with me 
I hate working at 6am... and my sis left for Florida this morning, its going to be a lonely week 
We get three movies on the flight to Hawaii and I don't want to see any of them 
I haven't seen the sky this blue since Oregon. Pity the river isn't as blue here as it is there  more shopping trollies here too.
i'm disliking this wetness  I want to go back to AZ, sunshining warm AZ
I really want to get out to Arizona this summer to see Chip...but that probably won't happen  *sigh*
There is someone in Wichita who is sorely trying my anti-execution philosophy.  
@HANNAHisCRAZYY I loved Mischa Barton in O.C. California ...I missed her in the last Season 
@LaurenConrad it was like that here in Oklahoma  too... I was so sad 
I hate leaving Tahoe  can't wait for my birthday and spending a week up here!
riding my bike then getting cleaned up to go out shopping for clothes for the Florida trip... then work 
says is talking to Eureka.  http://plurk.com/p/xp2in
is sad to be leaving Arizona today 
yo working for your mom is the best @hiwyg . i did that last summer . so i take it your in hot ass Arizona ? &amp; sadly yes i'll be here 
@springsteen_fan I didn't do, not sure if we'll be able to make Giants this year since we are in California, money is an issue 
I miss the California sunshine 
1am arrival in Albuquerqe, NM after driving to thru Sedona, AZ and Meteor Crater.  Nice weather!  Fly home today.  
@msniinii shiiit im in AZ 
@VanityIsUnfair I'm going back to Oklahoma in two! Maaan. I won't even get to see you! 
@NerdyNerak I have to go to Cheyenne or Scottsbluff for Target . Either one is about one hour and thirty minutes away. 
ahhh what a pretty day..shakeface just finished up in the studio and eddie is driving to AZ..wish i was too 
back from Alaska , back to reality 
@anthull http://twitpic.com/6f6hp - Ahhh, I miss Boulder! 
The California DMV is truly, without a doubt, the most evil place on earth. It is hell on earth. I'm shaking from the negative vibes 
This Arizona hell weather is so uncalled for 
In Ventura for a deposition. It'd be better if the weather was nicer - pretty close to the beach. Heading to Bakersfield on Thursday. 
@_Gila i no chinais enuff to tweet 
Sierra and i are sunburnt.  buuuut it's not as bad as it could've been! Haha off to Hillsdale!
My poor Chino (dog) hurt his foot  now he's limping
@dnlschrdr456 leaves for a week in the morning  wa, California... I love you!
@mjmbecky You'll miss our summer party.   But Hawaii is better.
@PureJeanyes Doing good...excited to go to Cali! Missing all my friends from Iowa...  I am gonna try to get back there for my bday...
I just cut one of the best baseball guys I know off of the Ceres Coyotes.  it is a sad day in the Coyotes Nation.
@soverly well. I'm in Reno, we're kinda sad here. No money 
@marano2288 I know   My best friend wants me to move to Wyoming and she said she'd be my suga momma.  I'm like, &quot;But its Wyoming&quot; -__-
At Nation's in Berkeley so I can avoid the traffic home. I'm gonna get fat 
In Hawaii. Hot 
I am very sad, I wanna live in Los Angeles, California 
Booboo has sinus infection  Florida on wednesday. I can't wait
@mllis2 D: esophagus pain is sad  but have a great time in California!
@prettyblacklex he lives in Florida now  I talked 2 him this morning/afternoon
Is dissapointed that Tennessee isn't like the Hannah Montana movie said it was. I never saw a hot cowboy  .thats okay I like it here
@dianarosas It was the 27th. 40!!   I'm in Phoenix and Tucson. Mostly vaca but am looking around and praying. 
@japannaly Are you still moving to Arizona ? 
@pliadesigns We did.  Had more earthquake training than anything else.  But I live in Southern California, too - all too aware of fires. 
Two bright stars from Oklahoma (my home state) are gone today 
@deathriot I'm just relieved he can never legally run for president. California already had one actor/governor/puppet end up there. 
Day 1 from the Solars Invasion of Colorado up...but, we're stuck in Kansas    http://joshsolarphoto.blogspot.com/
Devastated about leaving California and coming home to (boring) Mississauga 
Family from Sacramento are leaving today... 
Really bummed hear 3 Roots and Ejoy both closed in Tempe. A lot of great memories in both 
@taylorswift13 so pissed!We didnt get your Dateline in the Bay area of Northern California!I was looking forward to it all weekend too!! 
@MonicaSalter that's awesome, wish more Hawaii cos. would join in...I used to be a telecommuter, but no more 
The hardest part is over. Now I just have to fall asleep knowing my dog isn't under my covers  California, see you tomorrow!
@stephaniepratt I love Santa Monica too... California dreaming for me in Scotland just now  haha! x x x
...... Wanting to go back to California. Last day of school tomorrow... 
Is still on Maui time  #fb
So hungry, but going to Florida in 9 weeks and will die unless I lose weight 
@NickHexum it would be more amazing if you were playing Hawaii  
@MrScottDavis Bakersfield. My friend says there is a fake one in Covina, but I dunno what that even means. 
@eddieizzard Colorado is stupid as well. Thunderstorms all day yesterday and supposed to continue today. 
Frick. I don't want to drive to Nampa every day 
In Fresno, caught a cold, feel like crap 
@ozzy16 ah, the coast! You realize I'm in Oklahoma right? We don't have a coast 
Health care in Nevada sucks. I miss Cali  Havent been seen in an hour!
@tegocalderon when will u come to Oklahoma??? no hay musica buena aqui!!!!!!!      we need good music...
Still cant find my shoes. Now i have to get new ones but the store is in Kansas and i an in Hawaii  &lt;r0@+0@n
@hothotwasabi  I am driving cross country! And currently in Oklahoma! 
omgosh Team Hawaii I am so jealous of my Oahu peeps ya'll have cocoa puffs @ Liliha bakery n we don't 
@TomFelton im sure you wouldnt look like a drowned rat &amp; its that hott in Florida year round 
well shit...maybe Napa won't happen this weekend. 
@KekonaGirl Honolulu is a long ways away, that's not gonna help my budget at all 
@vubui I would love to attend but I'm not in the SoCal area. 
sitting in Alaska ready to come home.....I miss everyone 
@Zzia I stepped in mud, the ticket place won't take out money, and I'm not in Utah yet 
I hate saying goodbye to my California friends 
So, I went to a friends wedding in Hawaii and it was cancelled...  and I have yet to have hear from my friend.  I'm worried!  
@MikeGrace bad website though. You know, in al the time I was in Rexburg, I never went there 
i'm burned  it's a hard, dangerous life being pale in Hawaii
There is never anyone awake in Oklahoma when I can talk 
Today there was a shooting at the Lakewood, WA walmart and mom was there! A armored car guard was killed  and a customer who was holding..
Lamenting that I have to leave Southern California tomorrow 
California Democrats making it hard for the working poor to afford over the counter allergy medication.  http://tiny.cc/RYmfX
@slhammer sorry I missed u on Capitol day. I spent that day walking to and from the house and senate. I must have walked by u 10 times. 
@suziblu http://twitpic.com/6ic8r - Suzi, can you save a spot for me in your class? I will be in Hawaii when registration opens....  
@jordansgrrl  Wish we could make it to AZ but need more days!!!!
Just landed in AZ   the plane had wood floors on the bathroom, that's a little crazy to me! http://twitpic.com/6iqch
figuring out how to make the most of my last few weeksin California 
Closing some 200+ California State Parks is just insane. Wait, where am I going to go to run off into the wilderness?! 
@PrinceSammie man cant yall n gucci get out here to AZ 
Of course my speeding buddy is going to exit upon entering Sacramento 
thunder and lightning in Anaheim. But no rain.  granted i count it being 20-60 miles away.
Last night of LA!  Then off to Sac to see Jacq, San Fran and Napa Valley with Dad, visiting Annie in NorCal, and up the coast to SEATOWN!!
@blurked Do you know if I can get a Nevada license without switching my registration/insurance?  NC license is about to expire 
heading out to California this morning....I'm a little traveled out.  
just wanna move to Hawaii now 
@mrtrev  Afternoon naughty pigeon, and could not find you a stick of rock in Florida, am sorry 
Another cloudy and foggy day in Boulder....  
One of my best friends is moving to Arizona today  I need a hug *sniffles*
@ElectroParteh ugh if it were only that easy work occupys my life I spent one night in Oklahoma now I have to catch a plane to Washington 
I swear it ain't shit to do in the D. I miss Florida 
Wishing really bad that I was leaving to go on my trip Northwest, but prob won't happen this year 
@mileycyrus too bad you arent coming to Oklahoma 
Vermont - without internet  gettin it soon though!
Cold and rainy today in Colorado Springs.....it should be summer 
@NOTGjess Especially since I'm starving and yet, all that sounds good is Cali Rolls from California Teryaki and Sushi. 
@Dsubs isnt it a masterpiece?? I want it on vinyl so bad.  I'd also like to go to Tucson but am afraid I won't have the monies 
@ShinRa_Reno XD thought Cloud totalled it? brb bbz, need to go eat something..no leaving without me okay  (I just need a fight anyways..)
@jarrodtht it makes me, very, very sad, that you always forget to play in Florida. 
I hope things in Wichita get better, because it's really hitting a lot of good people badly. It's just not fair. This really sucks. 
Hilo's gas has hit 2.96 a gallon grrr up 40 something cents in a few weeks ! what's happening  http://myloc.me/2Ewt
@erin_mae I see *distant* lightening towards or past downtown Pullman, but not a sound. 
Anyone on Oahu know where can I get cheap quality auto electrical repairs? I HATE car problems... 
@desiraexe gagameisterr!! And yeah man vote for me to come back! California isn't the same without you guys  LAME!
@JesseMcCartney You really should come to Portland OR...it's been years since I've been able to go to a concert 
Now it's Helena's turn... 
Last few days with my choir, i'm so sad i will miss them. I wish i could take them with me to Oregon, but sadly i cannot. 
Just went to the Capitol for the last time... 
Its summer, so when can i go to Louisiana?! I miss my family so muchh&lt;3 i love them so so so so muccchhh! 
@fhgrl33 3:00 EST in Florida.  basically the most inconvenient time ever.  
Off to Boulder for meetings. Clouds rolling in might spoil my bike ride today 
I have a sore throat. I hope I didn't catch Florida Hamthrax from my new roommate 
@BrennaWilson the closest one is frickin Yuma, AZ  
@totalrapture I didn't notice,but you live in Florida like me! Is it raining were you are? It is here and there is a thunderstorm warning 
@PSDougles I really need to hike in Colorado National Monument. So many trails, so little time. 
@nnschiller that sounds awesome, but I didn't drive myself here so I'd be stuck in Tualatin 
wishes she could see @lntweet again tomorrow with @cheetahrawr in Modesto 
@Kettums sooooo freaking jealous of the IHK shows.  I am in Fresno this weekend for work!!!  SO upset 
disappointed in lunch today.  Damn Carolina's for being too good and too busy and driving us to venture to Chico's Tacos instead... 
i am SO bored! i am at my grandpa's house in Florida, but i have nothing to do!!!   
Is back home from Yosemite 
I should be in Reno right now 
@heymonday it would be so cool if you guys did an autograph signing in Portland Oregon. I missed the one in Vegas 'cause I had the flu.  
And my boyfriend (yes were 2gether again) leaves for Hawaii tomorrow  for 2 weeks 
Ban on styrofoam on Maui is just a bill... not yet a law 
Stomach hurts  About to go on any second now...Vermont is live!
conference over, less than a day of California left 
@sabrilliant haha, yeah tech companies are so chill!! I wish you were in California this summer 
@MistaBiggz I wasn't paying attention  What losers use Pacific time anyway.. LOL
@SuperwomanAK where are u at that summer is around? in Fresno it's cloudy &amp; 8-).. no sun whatsoever! 
@ffarrales ah! I want to share! I'm in Renton now. When will I see you? 
With chris at chillis...no hannah Montana after all 
i might not see Capitol today. 
Home sick!  really missing Arizona! So much going on in LA. Can't leave now nut as soon as I can I we me down in Arizona with all of my...
In the process of finding a new hairdresser. I'm sad mine moved to Utah. 
Irritating... I want Redding gone, but he pitches against the Nats and will likely get another start.  #mets
Aloha isn't the same w/out the rest of savvy 
And he has a lawsuit against the company in Florida as well  YIKES
Bedtime! Mourning the fact that I will be missing a 3day campfest while I'm in Oregon 
Really not enjoying the newest season of Reno 911, way downhill - shame, used to be my favourite show on TV 
flattened PONY on California St.   http://twitpic.com/6qda3
Just sent my heart off to Oregon , and trust me, it doesn't feel great.  I miss him already.
Hannah Montana wrap party was awesome. Sleeping on a plane from LAX to Tulsa, not so awesome. 6am &amp; still not in Tulsa 
Leaving for Hawaii in a few days. Excited about seeing my family &amp; friends, but really bummed that my hubby can't come. 
@JessicaShumaker If this is the land of reasonable humidity, I don't think I ever want to experience Florida. 
@Cadwaladr I miss mine too  it's back home in the shop because it broke down before we came to Colorado :'(
is down to PDX (Canby, OR) to ride the Pioneer Century today &amp; it's raining and cold?? WTF?     #wetstripe
Up and ready in Monterey...only 9 hours until my first lap 
Just relaxing before my parents go back home to Arizona. Sure will miss them! 
kinda wishes I was staing in Florida a little longer 
considering buying palm-pre - Sunnyvale sprint store is already sold out 
Packing up to leave the beach   back to hot ol' Arizona
@sahil just tried here in NM and they're all sold out 
@WeTheTRAVIS untied &amp; NOT in Oklahoma 
Last full day in Missoula  off to have lunch with friends...
Bringing my stepdad home from the hospital today, and of course it's a gray, gloomy, wet Oregon day 
@The 808girl: I've never been 2 my IHOP (Hilo) either their being bashed on craigslist 4 lousey service  heard its expensive 2
Who said Florida is the 'SUNSHINE' state? 2 weeks in a row with storms  Anelitha
This is the last weekend for skiing in Colorado for the 2008-09 season. http://tinyurl.com/o64d3a 
@jenenclark couldn't find any shoes   Not sure where to shop around here for inexpensive cute shoes... I knew my way around Sac- feel lost
If you were to stick it where the sun doesn't shine, it would be AZ 2day!  
@ItsJustDi still in bed  still Hilo  kainis!!!
wait, what am i doing in Idaho this week?! I belong in Tennessee! 
@janellekay must be nice....I was looking forward to do that but it is raining here in Florida.. 
@jordanswanson my trip to California got cancelled so now i am stuck in Deming for the rest of summer 
back from Hawaii AKA heaven, which means....   
@BrooklynAdam I'm workin my ass off in California 
@TEDSWEARINGEN I always went to the one by my house when I lived in Fresno, but they failed and shut down 
Having car trouble in Torrance 
It's raining like cats and rough dogs in Florida!!!! 
is getting ready to leave for Florida in the morning.  pray for me...I'm getting sick with a cold. 
@kimonostereo is that a Hawaii thing? Inconsiderate people 
wishes she were in Florida with her sister 
wishes she was in Florida with her sister 
@miajess03 on the radio yesterday they mentioned that some 8 yr old kid in NM or something tested positive for the bubonic plague. 
 And you have 3G! I want to move to Hawaii! @yoshway http://twitpic.com/6sdyg
Tweeting from Napa: checking in on #ttl (can't find the wines here !!! 
Just got a shark tattoo in Hermosa, too bad it only lasts 5 days...  
Mckay just got cracked in the nose with the basketball and now her nose is bleeding.  this would never happen in Bakersfield
Staying in Orlando, Florida for vacay! Can't believe Dsney Cruise is already over. 
Pittsburg on a power play 
For SoCal this sure is a dark dreary day 
@heeroyuy135 I won't be attending Sac-Con due to recovery time.  I just got off a 104*F fever and came back with a bit of sickness.  
@denisegotcher I wish they'd do it for every city in Arizona, it's just torture not having it in Tucson!   lol
@astuteslytherin sadly, I'm leaving for Florida on the 20th!  After that. I insist.
well it sucks being in Tahoe visiting the parents and I can't even fucking go to the beach 
Watching the Sacramento Rivercats lose badly to the Colorado Springs Sky Sox 
Working  in Tempe, AZ http://loopt.us/waUyaQ.t
@dana_ma I'm from Louisiana originally - I know what you're talking about   That's one huge reason Ieft the state
On our way to Lompoc! 115 miles 
Oh and my mommy is leaving to Nevada for 2 days  I'm gonna miss her
@ms_imajin  well I understand... go 2 AZ... its like the promise land
dang I haven't updated in a while! I love Andre' and miss him soo soo much he's in Colorado  ugh and I'm lonely ... this sux
@krysti_leonard I love you so much and I hope you can love me, even if I can't go to Florida. I still want to, but I don't know. 
Driving all the way back to UCLA from Oxnard 
all the way back to Calabasas now.. 
@killaseze wish I could but I am in Tacoma 
I shOulve gone to that thing at Irvine 
just left Snoqualmie casino no big winnings 
Hanging out in Reno and just checked my bank to see that a check bounced. No casino love tonight 
I want to live in California 
True, he enamored me with his willingness to be as crazy as possible.  I don't know much about Nevada politics though 
Finally packed and ready to leave Florida one stop in Houston then finally to California. Gonna miss the fam  I'll be Back in November
My best friend will also be going to Oregon. Seems like she has already been gone for a long time even though she only left yesterday 
@JGbeME @KimBaDASS is Sequoia's still the evening move? sorry i missed yall last nite 
Into your arms- The Maine. Current break up song for getting over @drugaddicteyes. Dealing the hard way 
Leaving Sacramento, it's real now 
@nickcollison4 Oklahoma loves their basketball 
exhausted...last day in AZ  getting ready to go for coffee!
wishing I was in AZ with @Kristengrace1 to celebrate her bday 
Typical Florida....starts raining the min i get outside to start tanning 
is enjoying a nice, cool day in Ellensburg. Except for waking up to a calf charlie horse!!! Too much beer last night 
@MitchelMusso I wish I could come to one of your concerts! But I don't see that you're playing in AZ 
im so sorry you guys! i've been shooting on the lake all week and my phone had a tragic accident! it went to the bottom of Havasu 
Morning! It's a lovely day in Buellton. I don't want to leave 
@coreynjoey Would love to come chew the cud re: GWS8 with y'all next weekend, but probably staying in Spokane 
@ahuskylife   We live next to a state park with deer, lynx, Florida panthers, rabbits and racoons. It is a tick breeding paradise 
Going to hang with the boy at another bonfire in a little bit. He leaves for Arizona for two months tomorrow. 
@mitchelmusso I unfortunately live in Idaho and can't come visit you. 
@iam_Casper82....i cant sign into the ning site i was trying to yesterday and i somehow ended up with 3 accounts that i cnt sign into 
Landed in Colorado Springs after 3 attempts due to wind shear... not everyone held their lunch 
via @mysticonnie: Bill Fujimoto is leaving Monterey Market. 
Heading back to the airport to be shuttled back to reality  it's always hard leaving the desert.. in Phoenix, AZ http://loopt.us/S-bq8g.t
I think the mosquitoes in Florida are taking performance enhancing drugs.  These suckers are HUGE and they hurt 
Leaving Monteray to go back to Sacramento  *kickin &amp; screamin'*
A very windy day here in NM 
@zomgitshannah I can't do anything, I'm leaving at 4 in the morning for Montana  blehhhh
Man this damn weather! I'm supposed to be in Oahu right now 
@hockeylicious I think I might have to buy a plane ticket and visit you.  I was born in Oceanside, but never been back 
Still want to go to Hawaii.  I'm kinda busy working my tail off this summer but maybe next year?  
just passed the border from Nevada into California 
She just fell asleep! Going to Cali now  bye Hawaii
My family left for Montana today  so who's ready for a house party?! #fb
@iam_Casper82 i am so sorry! ur still banned  dnt worry, u will b reinstated soon!
At the Missoula airport waiting to leave on a jet plane...  #fb
I'm home! I miss Arizona, though. 
back from a long weekend of being with my mother-in-law in the hospital in Wichita, KS. get well soon tammi! 
I've been enjoying my first California blueberries of the season, but the blueberries last year in Oregon were better 
If only I could afford the time off and the travel and hotel, I'd def be headed to Omaha this week.  But, unfortunately, I'm mortal. 
@JackAllTimeLow .. so i'm guessing you guys didn't find Nemo while you were there?  have fun in Hawaii, lucky. &lt;3
I am definetely feeling lotsa of emotions lately. Gee.... no wonder they make all kinds of meds. Hubby's going to Nevada. 
is craving frozen yogurt!  sigh, I miss Berkeley with its 737383 yogurt places DX
So back on the commute to work - Florida seems a lifetime away 
This is going to be a nasty weather week in Florida. By that I mean sunny, hot and humid. Horrible, horrible weather! I hate Florida! 
coming to terms with the fact that only puddle jumpers come to Northwest Arkansas. . .claustrophobic planes all summer long 
Going slightly mad.  I hope Rainier settles down shortly... I wanna go to bed 
Off to my new job, I wish I was off to my new job and new life in Florida 
@CSNCoyotes well im hoping to go to Southern Nevada this fall, but yall dont have a basketball team 
checking out all the cool things to do in Florida whilst being bored in cayman on a rainy bank holiday 
@JohnjayVanEs but not here in Oregon 
I wuv yuu, Jossua...    But he's going to be leaving in a couple months for Arizona.    I decided to stay here with the zoo.  &lt;/3
I'm looking California....And feeling Minnesota. Where is the sun? Boo. 
Merced, here I come.  
@KimDushinski re: rain &amp; fire season - wish I could say the same in water-starved California. 
Just woke up and I have to go to work, I'm still on Hawaii time  and I'm waisting my days.
Just landed in PHX...excited...haven't seen kids in 3 weeks...wife in 1.  However, they're leaving tom. to Hawaii for 6 weeks 
Last day in Hawaii 
Leaving AZ tomorrow 
Apparently I have Northwest mileage points to redeem but I don't want any of these weakass magazine subscriptions 
@vivifier no I was in California  but I was like NOOOO I wanted to go soooooooooo badly LOL
@elle_i_zee Scottsdale road and osborn is where I'm going...I forget the name though 
STILL wishes she could go to Aspen   (if i could make that sad face bigger and more expressive, I would)
doesn't want to leave Ellensburg 
also found out theres an Arizona Wet'n'Wild...operation starvation has to be kicked up a notch. 
Last day in Vermont 
Rest in peace my Reno cat=my bestfriend...i will never be able to replace you...you were awesome and i will forever miss you 
Plans are ruined. It started raining  ughhh I am so moving to Arizona!!!!
robertjmiller in Colorado: The rain/hail in Fort Collins is preventing me from mountain biking this afternoon  http://tinyurl.com/kulwud
The Oklahoma summer has arrived at 104 and humid. 
hope Casper ain't brokeded. 
@mitchelmusso mitchel  your autograph is fading off my phone, therefore its absolutely necessary that you come back to Omaha to resign it
@yellowchicken Cheyenne has been really good and calm today considering I have spent the day at home with her; am recovering from surgery 
Loved Boise yesterday!!! But today i'm not feeling very good today!! 
I want to go to California, but under different circumstances. 
is now depressed thanks to Fullerton losing today and going home   I guess I'm going to drown my sorrows in nachos...mmmmmm
Arg- squirrels have been digging in my containers and uprooting plants. There go the California poppies 
I haven't tweeted in 4-ever! Colorado was fabulous but all good things must end...came home 2 90 degree weather and a failing A/C unit! 
Awhhh sounds fun!!! Wish is didnnt live all the way over here in Yakima, Washington 
Oh sad, I'm making my trek back to OAK...goodbye Napa and Sonoma! 
@RNSNewman 9:45p Pacific for 90 min 
@Dayngr bummer, but I thought I remembered you were in south Florida  maybe next time!
Aww crap, tweeps- I have the flu.  Bp 158/98, fever 101.1 and climbing.  If you met me in Portland, watch for runny nose, watery eyes.  
cool weather is officially gone. back to AZ as we know it 
Danielle came over to say bye before she goes back home to Arizona.  I STILL haven't written my blog.
Just got back from Colorado, only to find out Jeffree is hurt. 
Chino kept waking me up...he's getting old...makes me sad! 
@micheleeeex I want to go but I live in Florida 
back from school, long day at lest I snagged one class today, SCORE!! #deficit in #California is hard on us #community #college #students 
really wants to go back home to Hawai'i.... Waimanalo blues. 
#iremember the Oregon trail ... I miss that 
Green...as opposed to the official state colors of California...brown and yellow  #blech
**Breaking News**Jim Balsillie's attempt to bring the Phoenix Coyotes to Hamilton has been rejected by an Arizona bankruptcy judge   UGHH!
@Schwarzenegger please don't spend our money on a silly parade. 
@sassyteach03 I wish I lived in a small town. I hate Omaha traffic, and people getting shot everyday  I should stop watching the news!
I am bored and miss my hubby who is in Colorado 
No black mustard seeds in Malibu Ralphs 
gawking at the $60 we're gonna spend on gas next week in ONE DAY just for a quick trip to Kirkland from Idaho  stupid braces!!!!
That game wasn't fun! At all! It's all my fault because I left Omaha!  Virginia better watch out!
aww, judge has ruled and Coyotes are staying in Phoenix 
watching run's house. Wish i was in Hawaii again! 
@MissAmyO I got a job in the bay area and I'm leaving SLO tomorrow 
@Dan_Christensen I just saw something on MSNBC that said Oregon would come back from recession before other states. Define &quot;come back&quot; 
stuck at home in Temecula for the night  someone come save me pleaseeeeee!
I wish I was going to Hawaii  
I miss Maine. I miss the family up there that I haven't seen in almost 2 years. I used to go up there every summer and now.... 
just looked at pictures and videos from Alaska and cried. I miss AK and everyone I met alot! I can't believe it's already been 2 years. 
@the_gattchoon mmmm.... alcohol... didn't even get to drink at SLO!  
@daria1275 Awwww, I'm sorry you're homesick.  California misses you too.  
@peterfacinelli im from argentina i can not watch nurse jackie..  but i will ask again can u all come to arg for the premiere of NM? LOL
CWS update: BAHAHA! Cal State goes home!  Hogs sucked today, hope they shape up for Virginia. Rooting for So. Miss and Ariz. St. tommorrow
Today has been a very depressing day for me! I thought Bakersfield would make me feel better instead I wish i could stay away from it all 
I'm always giving up the goods on ABQ freecycle but im always too slow to get the stuff i actually need, 
In Oregon and have been enjoying my time.. but I'll be coming home tomorrow, sad I'll miss my sis 
Dropping mother off at the Sac airport at 4 am  i should probably get to bed soon.
 i wish i could live in Sac but bring all my friends and band with me
cannot sleep -_- where's Danna when i need her? o yea Utah  ugh someone give me sleepy pills please.
Leaving Hawaii tomorrow; not happy!! 
Last night in Waikiki and we're pooped and sad to be leaving Oahu 
Up with the birds again...  Another Lavallee Photography in California is now on the first page of google  We are not related.
@_Gila  i am sorry  i shouldve came round and helped! 
OK, I would be watching Baseball Tacoma being honored... if the station would simply stick to their schedule! But no... figures. 
@cicileymichelle I wish I were back in Oregon! Jealous. 
@alaustephy Ada badddddd news. So bad, I don't even want to say it. 
is going to hang out with before he leaves for Oklahoma tonight. 
@wedschilde I will be in AZ by then but even if I unpack like lightening they are completely sold out 
My parents are leaving today for Sonoma. And my uncle went back to work. So just me, my aunt, and the grandparents. 
At the Orlando airport. Leaving Florida, and coming back to California, Finally! I miss home so much  I miss my own toilet.
@madinalake I wish you were spending part of that summer back in Hawaii 
I can't believe I have to wait until I get back to California b4 I can get LVATT  I need that cd! 2 more days...
@jlist If I lived in California I would happily work @ anime expo... but I don't, and I can't 
playin hooky and hangin out with Pulte before she moves to Washington...by bestie is growing up! 
Looks like I am heading to Florida to spend some time with dad before he leaves me for good 
#iranelection The &quot;yellow Press&quot; is alive and well in the 21st century, how quickly we forget the USS Maine 
 time 2 go back 2 AZ I had tons of fun here with my friends and family I going 2 miss it a lot!
could've gone to Arizona 
http://twitpic.com/7kckw - I'm NOT in Hawaii anymore. 
@asanteramone California Wrap, fries and 2 glasses of rasberry iced tea  and chips and salsa as i waited.... SMH
Casting in Anaheim 
@NickHexum Dodge Theatre Phoenix doesn't allow tailgating or I'd be there!   I got a Public Consumption charge when you were in Mesa last.
I'm back from Hawai'i...sad day...i went to buy something today and was about to say &quot;Mahalo&quot; and then remembered I wasn't in Hawaii 
I wish I was in AZ with @shastaboard right now. 
Packing to leave Irvine 
@Tucson_Cowgirl Sorry to hear about Bisbee. 
@kassles7 I'm a pescetarian (a cheater I know but yummy sushi) and that place is delicioso fo sho. Too bad you're not in SoCal!!! 
@SteveHills Aaaaaaaaaaaaaagh! I know it, they're going to wait till 10am California time after all 
http://twitpic.com/7kzom - Only in Nanakuli. @charlisse226 said the guy was going to punch me in the face for taking this pic. 
Why can't I go to Pomona Warped tour? fuck i want to see arttm again. i miss my boys 
hey, another storm in Florida.  This isn't getting old... 
@sociallyawkward Nope  we're headed to Kansas after the Tulsa pottercast
Hanging out in Fremont watching the boats wait for the bridge to go up... All those sailboats, none of which are mine 
home, cities 2moro, flight 2 NM on thurs. just thinking about stuff... 
It Was Lighting so HARD in Florida, my dog was so scared!! 
@morganlevy I wish I could go too.  I won't be back from California til the 27th. I'll just be hearing about it from you guys!
sumunabeash! gotta go to Marana again  http://myloc.me/469e
ARG!! IT'S 81 DEGREES! Why must it be so hot? I found out i can't go on my Washington trip. 
I can't wait to be in Florida and be at happy hour every day! And why does this say I have 3 followers when I only have one? 
Surprisingly sleepy at this time. Watching runs house makes me miss Florida so much or wish I was in Hawaii 
@tish_tish we are in Barstow 
Yay!!! In PHX...now gotta drive to Tucson 
@daNanner too bad the farthest west we go on tour is Colorado.  but there will be pictures.
@sisteredith But yes, I'd love to move down to California or something, but (A) expensive, and (B) Impossible 
Hawaii is breathtaking. not much time to tweet but day 2 brings me some flu-like symptoms.did @lani2162 give me her germs???? i'm achy. 
Hawaii, you ain't ugly. Too bad we're being held captive on the plane. 
my boo is in Florida i miss you soooo much baby 
@AlohaArleen lol Ahh yes.. takin me back .. I need to get a little beach action this summer, will be SoCal though  
@kechiwinz I know they did a release show in Sac and a couple openings at retro, but I couldn't go  I just looked at their myspace and
back from a fun evening! session with a cute family and thai food afterwards. i leave AZ in the morning, bright n' early. 
Phoenix - Consolation prizes  sucha funky song  no more tickets left
@smoshian NorCal girl here, but I'm lovin' my SoCal homies too. Some people just wanna hate. 
I just fully caught up on some twitters.  @mikemeagan &amp; @tbone37 I am sorry I neglected your twits when I was in Oregon. 
Leaves Crested Butte in the morning    
@cathy_cochina40 even with ur only Alaskan friend? 
@waxyx hmmm if it's not at 3pm (12am California time) we might have to wait till 1am  .. That's 10am California time ..
@DonnieWahlberg Haha!  Would love to, but sadly I am in Arizona right now!  
@jsusgrl I know  I'm so glad she's found a friend in Dakota. she's a good influence for her, even when she's younger.
@justinbettman: sounds fun but I'm leaving for Oregon on the 23rd 
mommas going to jacksonville, Florida next week for work  I really wished they cancelled that trip but they decided to torture me! Haha
i miss my bed.i miss my doggy Dodge.i miss my car.i miss my room.my friends.i miss CALIFORNIA! 
@mikeyway Where can i play Helena  i miss that game
peeps on twitter are saying that iphone 3.0 will be released at 10am tomorrow Pacific. sucks since I'll be at work 
Still not home : / Palomar Test @ 9 30, so screwed. 
I guess the folks in California are still sleeping 
 wish i was going to Arizona.
@acelpo Ada deh,,someone trying to ruin my holiday 
theyre in Louisiana! dats da good thing...but you have to be with the organization to take the classes  @PoisonArie
I dreamt about California and woke up with jet lag. 
hey Santa Barbara California; remember me? I played hoops for the Islanders! until they went BK   enjoy the coffee love at Costco!
@askbillmitchell I'd lend $20 Billion of it to California. The 8th largest economy in the world is going to be broke in 50 days. 
has a lot to do still before i leave for Oklahoma.  I wish i could get on my computer 
had a good time in Oklahoma seeing family i havent seen in a loooooooong time....now i'm back at home 
Wish that I was Boulder-bound  #calicon09
@CHRIS_Daughtry we don't have Dunkin donuts in California 
Here we go. 1hr 15mn early to the Cali DMV and the line is ridiculous. 
Trying to prepare for my final exam before my little trip to Wyoming (: but whats up with Hannah Montana when im trying to study? 
I'm awake but don't wanna be  Parents are almost to Wichita...
at the fair. this is my last day in California for a while 
@markdavidgerson ahh which i cud attend   #ABQ
Unsuccessful at getting @blink182 Irvine tickets yet again.. 
@ambermhaynes what are you going to do in Tahoe? I guess 1 of my tweets was on mtv but I can't seem to find video of it 
@deannatroupe Actually, been a while since I retweeted Kern. One of my followers apparently has it on TweetLater 
@lpunderground of course LP does a performance AFTER I will have left SoCal 
Vivi's falaffel lunch, success. Mid-day ride on 85, success. Office with windows to soak I'm the California sun, fail.  #klr650
It's not Sierra today. 
back from fab girly lunch at Mariposa. I would go into food coma, but now I have to work  work should be illegal on birthdays!
@ddlovato i wish you had a show in Ontario, California 
Guys, we're not going to Sonoma at all, it's really difficult for us to drive over there tonight, we couldn't get there before 8 anyway 
@Kdark74 did you get a reply from Gov Schwarzenegger? I did, not really happy with it 
Praying for a project in Alaska right now but it looks like I'm off to Utah then Florida next, before returning to MIssissippi 
Missing out on Hawaii. 
@iamchrisc http://twitpic.com/5yce5 - We don't have Chickfil-A in California! 
@therealpickler http://twitpic.com/7np93 - come to Montana! we feel neglected 
I want to move to Oregon SOOOO bad!! Seriously!! I'm getting sad now, I'm seriously SICK of California! haha sorry Cali 
@Frisbee4Sierra yeah its called alexan lenox.. in buckhead. although im not too sure about things now bc my mom is giving me crap again. 
@DavidArchie Daaaavid. did you know the orthodontist pretty much sucks? it does. pain = not fun.  can't wait for the concert in AZ on 7.9!
@kathygeeftw oh not sure if we have that in Hawaii 
@keiyna I know.... You did a Casper on us..... 
Attempting to get a NM liscense without ANY luck! Sucks... 
Just saw Dakota for the last time. 
Storms near Omaha r weakening.  No prob &amp; rain free for the Hog game .. except the score    0 - 2 Virginia top of the 6th
goodbye Hawaii! i will miss you veryveryvery much! 
Home sweet home. Running on two hours of sleep. I shall miss you Alaska. 
@calisummer lol I tried to swing Irvine.. it's just too impossible.  I cannot miss work, and with the ferry/island, there's no way.  
@RachelC_ no fair I can't get it yet cuz I'm in California 
@chicksnchickens I wish I were there! I live in Salem Oregon and I'm 9 months preggo  Maybe next year!
California is fun but I miss you guys   &lt;3 kelliott
@chirocindy If you mean the pic, I have to play a man in two dances in Oklahoma because we lack male dancers. Which means taping down 
Everytime I listen to Shwayze, my heart aches for home.  I miss California!!
At least in Irvine I get paid to be bored 
George is (officially) out, Arizona is in  well...reading spoilers @ 7:45am, listening to waves breaking on the beach, drinking coffee...
was gonna drive to Stockton for a concert/show tonite but didn't go mainly b/c of the 1.5+ hr drive each way. got lazy 
@Karizard I totally know what ur going through and wishin' ya a speedy recovery! &lt;3 major bummage u can't go to Reno too 
Finally home in Chico. Boohoo I have a lil sunburn. 
great night with @bryanelliott1, @schuilie, @zexsports n' more at SoCal ASN meetup.  bummed i had to leave early, but school super early. 
My shins hurt   Outdoor running in Phoenix w/@misskeribaby and @missoph got me screwed up!!
I kind of don't want to go back to Utah 
Theyre starting to board.  goodbye Hawaii! 
Up late...chatting with the east coast friends about this trip next week. Yes! 3 more 311 shows to come! I'm gonna miss my Utah 311ers. 
On the plane now.  bye Hawaii!
Back in Nevada.. wish I was in Oregon with my big sis 
On my way to the airport. California here i come. I have a headache 
Another rainy day in Northern Virginia 
Dakota,honeeeey &gt;&lt; too bad you couldn't come 
Dakota,honeeeey &gt;&lt; too bad you couldn't come 
@zwriter - You must be in Palm Desert. I don't miss weather there in the summer. miss the winters &amp; my old job.  Not liking Texas rt now
I want to buy lady gaga revenge before I leave for California but my mom won't let me  I want is so bad!
My hands are officially tied. I don't think I'll have time for anything anymore  This includes the California meet 
is watching a sobering #Oprah covering staggering new homelessness in Sacramento. wow. 
darn IT! it was taken down, i hope it wasn't because of 2 weeks in Hawaii, cuz that is like the whole video 
@jime60647 Dutch Bros. is a total western thing, Phoenix is the closest location to me 
Juuuuuuust leaving Vallejo. I have class at 8. FUUUCK! aaaaaand I have cramps  kuwawa naman.
So I guess no1 wants 2 come 2 Florida wit me in july? 
Going to Wichita from 6/22 to 7/2 for work 
@scottdot i want sushi  we should head up to #ABQ &amp; have some w/ my besties #jennsreverie
@scottdot i want sushi  we should head up to #ABQ &amp; have some w/ my besties @jennsreverie
is pretty bummed that our school grade has dropped to a B when the number of A schools in Florida has reached an all time high.    #fb
why does every single thing in middlesbrough that I want to go to have to happen the week I go to Florida.  Purely devastated!    
Still in Anchorage - less than 24 hour window to deliver more than 5000 miles away.  Things are looking bleek... 
I tried to bring Arizona's warm sunny weather back with me, but it wouldn't fit in my suitcase  rain, rain go away...
Heading to Portland (Oregon) for a few days for a little R&amp;R and fun with the kids!  So this is my last tweet for awhile.  
@GregBoser you ditched us for Monterey wine tasting     you and @barbaraboser should come visit and we can give it another shot
@raczilla The demo is good. I went into OT and lost to Oklahoma. 
I don't want to leave Berkeley  I kind of like the 1hr and 20min commute to work with free time to read/listen to music.
My last day in Arizona!   I'm really sad! I don't want to go back to Texas!!
Aw, sad day mom left to go back to Kingman.  BAH!
Maybe they have fireworks at Viejas, Barona, etc. ?   But, again, there's the fire hazard  
Hating my haircut and going to Roseburg without my bff   #fb
@krystleluttrell I had a dream you came to California last night 
@Justinsmommy79 I'm from Oahu, my whole family is there. 
@SookieBonTemps it is about to reach 100's in northern California  so summer is basically here for both of us! im fine with it too
Oh wow, I am having a shitty wednesday and a shittier thursday. I just found out that Dax can't come visit from California. 
@SDanik I totally didn't miss this type of weather. I miss Hawaii 
12 days and ill be in Montana with no source of internet to get on my site 
On the plane  goodbye Hawaii.
I also saw that north korea is planning to launch a missle at Hawaii.  where is the world going these days
Is pondering... Where can I find a decent load out of Portland Oregon? I've gotten no load offers today... Boo 
@RyanSeacrest I LOVE sushi! Not a good place in my area to get it though.  Love it @ HOUSTON'S when I'm in Scottsdale, AZ.
I wanna be back in California!! 
CU Boulder spoiled me... everything was multiple choice. Never realized how easy I had it until fill-in-the-blank came back into my life 
@CaityWrites But I'm in Beaverton. 
@Rick_Bayless is your restaurant in south coast plaza in costa Mesa open? Can't find it 
Just passed by the pinkberry in Pasadena and wished that I had time to stop and get a swirl. 
My dad is leaving for California on father's day and we don't know when he is coming back 
@Aprilknob dang girl I cant get Kodiak's eyes to change 
The weather right now is 75 degrees, but it feels like 90! California is definitely heating up now! 
@susanlu That's a Florida staple.  A solid month of random explosions.  I'll miss the egging.  Those neighbors moved away 
packing for Utah  13 hours? dammmnnn hoooooomie
I'm starting to realize that my days in Colorado are numbered. 
Screamy baby was screamy. Next to me. For 3 hrs.  On plus side, had forgotten how much I love Tucson's weather at night.
Noooooooooooooooo!!! Grizzly Bear &amp; Wilco was tonight in Tucson... why am I in Phoenix right now  #part_of_me_is_dying_right_now
I'm really depressed!!! I won't make it to Minnesota this summer  stuck in Mexico!!! God!! I SO want to go!!!
@DonniesBahamama I don't live in Hawaii infact I have never been 
We are still in Flagstaff, Az. They say monday the truck will be fixed 
@Tucson_Cowgirl They're working on getting it online...  having audio problems!    It'll be there soon.
@GoonAffiliated I'm mad ... I'm on Arizona time. 
@newsgal81 boo! I'm going to be out of town training on the 15th &amp; 16th...in the ever exciting city of Fresno   Thx for the offer though.
Wishing Gavin would come back to California 
@bigjeff911 my boyfriend wants to buy a house in the Reno\sparks area of Nevada but Nevada has so few agencies ... 
Hey @skeeeze and @auggiebaby, whats the weather like in Pismo/SLO around this time? It says mid 60s and not any hotter  booo
@taylorswift13 wanted to buy concert tickets for you're Oklahoma concert but they are all sold out 
@J_Encino once again at pinkberry without me.. 
Going back home in Cali.... Goodbye Hawaii!!! 
@beeisawsum ummm it's been rather sucky  I'm bout to go chaperone a feild trip to the zoo. But I did get to go to Florida!! Yay...
I need to get a new phone before I go to Florida.... I dont what kind though, but this phone is a bunch of touch screen crap...smh 
@iambelinda certainly does. i've been waiting three weeks now for jbhifi to get me The Maine 
I hate how my parents just assume I'll eat chicken from zippys. I kinda wanted a Surf Pac 
@mattfriction I wish this fine sir would venture with his band to a podunk town named Tucson....  there would be a blunt waiting for him
Pulled over to sleep in &quot;poop town&quot; Northern California smells bad 
@GregGiant in Florida  so u and somto go to the hub on thursday and dnt tell nobody?? Yall sux!
Aproape s-a terminat si roadtripu. Maine inapoi intre betoane 
This is the coolest summer in Arizona since 1913!  But that is changing soon 
I'm in work bored, as usual!!! I'm drinking coffee and wishing I was in Florida!! 
This is sad, still raining, apparently it's the volcano that blew up in Alaska 
@Filipinama215 momma  i love and miss you a lot too  i tried calling you buut i don't wanna disturb you too much. enjoy Florida first &lt;3
AZ time &amp; I'm still up wired from my asthma meds. Have not really slept for almost 40 hours now &amp; it 5:37A.M. now....  
More pictures from Montana: Gorgeous!!!!  http://bitchinwivesclub.com  Today's the last day of the workshop!! 
@jeffkang maybe maybe not i'm on Kauai 
just said goodbye to my little brother, he's going to Florida for a month 
@ShinRa_Reno sounds like someone needs a megaelixir 
@OTspazz don't say that man. Utah has one of the highest reported cases and people were droppin left and right...even at the client site 
UGH!!! i have to go to Colorado  i dont wanna go anyways gotta get ready tty in 3 weeks :'(
Off to Wichita for a wedding tonight. The next five extended family events will probably all be funerals 
http://twitpic.com/7sxto  Here's my board...she lives in SoCal with a friend.  
Rainy day.  Lets all just go to Hawaii.
TGIF..........wait, not looking forward to driving to Oklahoma tomorrow. 
Tawna's going back to Utah 
oh crap, Colorado Blvd is guna be crazy today with the Apple store. ugh. 
about to have California pizza kitchen for lunch, then off to work  im so sick of work. glad i have the weekend off though.
Wish I lived closer to Reno so retirees wouldn't snag up Craigslist goods before I could get to 'em.  
Wish I lived closer to Reno so retirees wouldn't snag up Craigslist goods before I could get to 'em.  
@WindyCityGators crawfish boils sounds lovely!  If only I weren't due to chase the sun in AZ next week 
had a great @SeattleChamber  Toast of Seattle this morning at Palisade but now i have a freakin headache from all the coffee &amp; food 
chillin. eatching some Hanna Montana/Supernatural before i go to workk.. 
@crispies Couldn't get a team together for the relay.  Gtown to Idaho Springs instead. I will see ya at the Denver, tho! Lota beers after!
@queermonkey89 I have my image to consider. What will my millions of fans think if I suddenly turn controversial?  I can't lose ABQ! ;)
@KELLY__ROWLAND Canada,but lived in Cali for 7yrs.. You get that DM I sent ya?? Florida now..  Not to much of a fan tho
@KnownHost anything happening at the Californian datacenter today ... seems very slugggishhh 
is writing a memo on sec 120.54 of the Florida APA  UGHH
They Might Be Giants has three Southern California shows (one Flood, two Family) and none in Northern California yet 
Sitting at the Kahului airport.. don't wanna come home yet.  eeeehhhh
@HeyTammyBruce I was going to Tucson til kids won Natl wrestling tourney- gonna be in Utah for the 4th now 
Wishing I had some Del Taco but there is none in Florida and thats sad 
wow, the assistant principal job at Helena Elemntary is open...who will I fight with about parking spaces? 
Oklahoma is so humid i don't like it 
I should be on a beach in Hawaii eating shaved ice right now 
@karrrn  Colorado is definitely on our list of places to go soon.
@254mochacharlie 12-step program not working too well...as you can see.    yes, excited about Fremont fair tomorrow. good ppl-watching!
#calcpacouncil  42 states have passed mobility legislation. 48 states 150-hour rule. California is a holdout on both 
California girl gets dying wish to see movie 'Up' - then dies...  http://bit.ly/fIlQ6
Trying to get home from ABQ; plane delayed. 
we love the rain in Tucson but that means we can't see the planets tonight 
http://twitpic.com/7uh6o - Napa waiter is sort of making my dining experience miserable 
I'm really sad  I'm helping my little brother pack to go to Alaska for the summer (for baseball)
In Colorado... finally. After a long ass drive. Stupid road construction south of Pratt killed my time. 
Leaving for AZ on the 29th. 
@mitchelmusso HEY! No Oklahoma dates.... 
Drove all the way to Fresno just to get my contacts, and I dropped off a custom order. And I didn't even get paid for it!!! 
i cant believe middle school is officially over  so sad im gonna miss julie and everyone who is going somewhere else besides Foothill sad!
@bethofalltrades  That's so sad!! I used to live in Gerritsen Beach, Bklyn. Now, sadly, I live in Utah! lol
In good news, Martha got her new sails. Now we just have to raise money for the mast ... it has to be trucked in from Oregon. 
@jordanknight@KimKardashian is here in Fresno! ugh so wish I was there 
@pattiw23 nope I hear you on that because my parents are going to Alaska on a cruise for 2 1/2 weeks &amp; I am stuck at home w/no money   !!
The rain as made evident another chore to be done:caulking the cleats on the Florida room. 
Last night in California. 
woke up from a nap ... I feel so far away from where I want to be .... and I can't talk to food about it cuz I already had Culver's 
Getting ready to go to California.  I leave tomorrow.  
@crpresents Just got back to SFO from Maui.  Standing here waiting to get off the plane and loving having my signal back!!
@tubenerd: we're in Modesto this weekend. ninety-seven fucking degrees. no place for a Canadian 
@staceystorey, I was supposed to be in Omaha this week to help with my job at the CWS, but last minute plans changed. 
@tweetieelovee haha. No   I wish I live n San francisco area I like it out here but I miss Hawaii
@djphatmike i'm in AZ 
My favourite song tonight as I leave my best friend to find new beginnings is You left me by The Maine.  u will be missed rian!
8 more hours in California.  I don't want to go home.
miss you Helena  my little TinkerPana ...
@_Kyrene_ I know. it made me sniffle 
In Billings jst found out i'm sun burnt n headed now to Buffalo. Ay chesse its! 
HB 130 Texas Pre-K Bill is vetoed by Gov. http://tinyurl.com/m8k9ye  (via @AutismTweetsTX) this is my sons program 
Ruidoso sucks asss..... I want to go hommme   &lt;~Wild @ H3art~&gt;
Damn sick season. I just drove home from Redondo to Fullerton and ha to pull over twice to throw up and some got in the damn car. 
@BreeLovesIt I wanna come!!! Too bad I live not in California haha. Imdbjb reunion at dland! @LauraSauruss I wanna go too! 
@SenJohnson And just when you return to normal, you will need to return to the Capitol. 
@KimKardashian Whaaaa'? You were just in Fresno?! Ohmygosh, can't believe i missed you. 
On my way to Albuquerque. 
back from Hawaii....boohoo 
Wishes she was in hawaii too  mona pua galore.  well, shaka brahdas, i'm pao for tonight. Aloha.
Just got home from nite out . Leaving  early to Hawaii so afraid to sleep 
@Tempe12 that's so damn early! 
missing to California sunshine!! Never had a birthday weekend so gloomy 
Northwest bound  
On my way to Cerritos, I'm so annoyed because I forgot my ipod  whatsevs.
another turn around trip 2 &amp; 4m AZ...i'm pooped 
@nicksantino i wish i was in Arizona... 
@TaylorWilde Would love to meet you in person but sadly Auburn Hills is a bit away from Texas 
@danecook I was supposed to come to your Omaha show for my b-day, but my bf decided to take the kids to the zoo instead  
@kyubikitsy ya sounds like me too, didja know I am now stationed in Kapolei instead of kaimuki? It's quite the drive 
http://bit.ly/3gXXq California girl gets dying wish to see movie 'Up'. Really sad but just in time 
T-minus 31 hours until I move to Oklahoma. 
last day in Maine   Enjoying it to the fullest, despite the clouds!
@kirstiealley Are you in Maine today?  I am in central Maine, and the weather is lousy!  
Our wonderful guests from Hawaii just left. We will miss them 
@spicybitch I wish the monsoon would start here in Arizona 
@AnnieCubannie mayn I wish I could be there! But I'm oh so in Florida heat right now 
The kids did well on their first plane ride!We dont like that Southwest airlines doesnt have assigned seats cuz couldnt all sit together! 
Is giving AZ the latro  ... I'm going to miss a lot of people here 
I'm missing the Boulder @blogher meet up today due to my scheduling skillz 
last day in Tahoe  boo hoooo
100 degrees here today.  ~~Florida Sucks~~ 
is in Colorado enjoying this wonderful weather and this gorgeous view of the Rocky Mountains. I wish I had someone to share this with. 
@pamsue Sounds like ur on the same streak as I am.  Car broke down in Yakima on the way to Boise.  Missed a marathon expo this morning. 
@aflevitt my pops is a park ranger for California state parks.  not sure what's gonna happen. He might end up in Colorado. Boo!!!
Ugh.  He's coming back from Florida.  
@kellyadkins Try Alaska.  Minnesota could be just as hot in another month.   
Fremont solstice - camera in hand. No tie dye shirt 
stuck on I-10 bridge in traffic in Louisiana...cars for as far as the eye can see 
Just finished a drumming gig at a Hawaii themed party in castlebar. Now i'm in tesco.  wish I was still drumming.
About to go to work, wishing i was in Florida with my boy 
@TheDavidBlaise I wish I could have seen you at the Anaheim show. 
We just lost to Pacifica.   it was a good game 3 to 4.
@KarissaFoley i would cry too  good thing im far away in California haha
@SysAdmKC all that rain is coming up from Wichita though 
@EgyptianHeru say whatt? Florida?! i'm so friggin jealous.  have fun!
Canvassing: done! I only hit 96 doors.   as punishment, I'm going to Livermore...
@troy_davis i'm @ the airport right now got a 4:30 flight back to AZ. I was parked on the street at my friend's apt. near my high school 
Hoping our clients with an outdoor Boulder wedding this afternoon had a back up plan 
Two tourists on the skyrrain from Hawaii I can tell based on their clothes. I miss Hawaii 
The civil defense website for Hawaii: http://www.scd.hawaii.gov/ No immediate information on N.K. though 
It is too hot! Florida sucks 
I'm in Hilo Hawaii.. it's raining in paradise folks..  
@holdenbeach my brother and his wife are down at Holden beach and I'm stuck here in cloudy Oregon 
@AZ00 I know! What a tragedy! I miss their fries. 
getting things ready for our move to Colorado!! very stressful 
Going out to eat for me and my bf's one month!!! But he's leaving for Florida tomorrow. 
@billyraycyrus awh i wish i had know! i live in Oregon dang it  oh well play hard tonight.
@billyraycyrus awh i wish i had known! i live in Oregon dang it  oh well play hard tonight.
@UKcoachbrooks The weather is wierd here in the Portland area.Overcast with a little drizzle once in a while. Does not seem like summer. 
@TweSommelier  Normally, I'd be enjoying a nice Colorado vino, but I have an early start in the morning, so I am not drinking tonight. 
Gas is $3.09 for the good stuff. 10 cents more than I paid last week.  It's true, Hawaii prices are the second highest in the nation 
@vitaminellen wish you were in AZ! I need some training 
@RichCronin well i would so love to come see you all live. but if its not in Idaho. I cant make it. 
@underoathband http://twitpic.com/7uwa8 - Probably the only reason I wouldn't live in Florida 
@Fretsy Chico, California.... there used to be 2, but they closed like 10 years ago 
@siahwalker I wish we could see you guys  but of course. No Utah dates. You hate us.
just got the going away evite from @cmdaw  and so it begins...the mass exodus of my AZ fam. all in one summer. i sad.
My friends are in Alaska  waa!
@beauknows lucky bitch. I love in n out. And there are none in Oregon 
Hawaii! Landed early... Yay! Both gates occupied so a 20 minute ground hold 
I wish i was in Maine too...he doesn't get phone reception out there in the middle of nowhere...no word for a week 
random trip to Bakersfield... here for a few days then back to Berkeley to clean up and officially move out 
@friendlybaker before the pizza place! So I said NM and now am hungry and everything is closed here. 
Starting my diet tomorrow!! Going to Florida on the 30th and I'm tired of feeling like a beached whale  sad day...
Today was so much fun Fremont Fair was great. Really hate to leave Seattle (and especially the wonderful @prat) for two weeks -work trip 
@mindlesseliza nope. I'm just watching Friends and i'm going to watch last part of O.C. California.  -sad face-
I wish I could have gone on the Yosemite trip. 
my dad is in Arizona and I miss him so much.. won't see him until Christmas, that's just not right! 
Hawaii unemployment has now reached a high of 7.4%!! that's bad, that's truly bad 
in an internet area in hotel in lovely Denver Colorado.  I like it here! we leave in 4 hours 
What a horrible horrible night. After a three hour drive from Fresno it's now time for bed. What a mess... 
I am sad @TheFray isn't coming to Florida 
is tired of Hawaii already! I just really want to go back home  i miss my love way to much! the distance really hurts.
just came back from midvalley and is now back in cheras 
There has been to much seismic activity in California for my comfort recently  !!!
@mitchelmusso why not Arizona? I would've gone oh well... 
um my dad isnt home     he is in California
My last day at the PBL National Conference  Gonna make the best of today then fly back to Tucson tonight.
off to Reno. our hotel doesn't have wifi 
happy fathers day... my dads in California 
Headed back to AZ 
Last day to actually relax and play video games before Florida tomorrow. Gross. 
I don't think Arizona gets monsoons anymore 
@ejobdone - That would have been GREAT if you were in the USA, Arizona, Scottsdale specifically.  Rather than the UK.  
not working today  driving to Burbank instead!
@j311stp I'm not going to CALIIIIIFORNIA just Arizona 
@el_Jeffe83 now I want indian food 
I hopefully get to hang with my cousin before she moves to California  I hope I can!
I left my heart in Colorado 
I'm off to Denver for a couple days. Y, u gna miss me?! @khrisg I lost my jai ho/babymama ring at Ede's! 
@__Jazz__ chilling out (offline   ...) making beats. plus I'm moving from Hawaii soon, in a few weeks so starting to pack. etc. how u been
On the way to Kahului Airport  I'm gonna miss Maui!
Looks like I'll have to wait another day to Flexico...   We are somewhere in Northern Colorado...
@nobodylkl Somehow helping Tucson's fiscal budget was not a part of my job or life description. It's headache worthy and time consuming 
I'm seriously wishing that I could've gone to the Jonas Brothers concert at the BOK Center in Tulsa tonight... 
Just got back from a visit to this hilly area with a bunch of rocks and trees and rapids. It was cool but Florida friend got hurt. 
@shananigans06 i was out running when it decided to pour. good times... my last full day in Missoula will be 8/17 or 8/18. i know, sad 
@CJLeBlanc you guys never come to Utah! 
@deziak1906 lol I wish! I was in Sac but I had someone go for me and they said it was hellla people 
@AdmiralPerry Can't wait 2 c you guys rock in Seattle!  Wish you were coming 2 Portland tho...Lil' old Portland always gets missed. 
@easycompany510 Haha, yes, I meant boring.   The only thing I do is Fremont is go to Pacific commons and eat.
Crossing the AZ state line... 
It is way too hot to be Oklahoma 
Doing a photo shoot for my head shots... I also have California by Metro Station stuck in my head! Probably cuz i wanna leave for cali 
Wow. Totally just did an impulse buy of a Patriots hat. Online shopping will be the death of my impending California trip. 
needs a better way to get from Florida to Utah in less time. 41 hours seems so much 
Looks like I'm gonna gave to find a laptop repair place in Topeka becuz fan is screaming at me again 
California is no fun without you here.  you know who you are. &lt;3
Cloudy day here! Not like yesterday  Clouds in southern California?  Who knew?
Taxes for Affilates Programs in California?? For less than 50 dollars per month?? [   ]
if it's summer, where's the sun? if it's vacation, why am I still here? I wanna go to California 
I'm reporting on a horrible rape and abuse case between inmates at the Boys Ranch juvenile detention place outside of Wichita.  very sad.
@raineygibson Are you sure you're just not allergic to the weird Oklahoma stuff on him? You're not allergic to other dogs that adorable 
@ACC_  Sounds great, good for you. I love weddings.  I wanna go to Arizona and CA to see my sister and bro. I miss them so much. 
Hawaii is killing me right now.. I wish i was in the city 
has one child in California and the other in Kansas City.  Sitting around wondering what to do now.    I miss my kids.
Finally getting ready to take off for Oregon after being delayed overnight in ATL. Not only that, rescheduled Delta flight had no WiFi 
Stockton California, lastday of .5 tour. 
I miss the shit out off Travis   Anyone wanna give me money to go to California?
@RealSamCarter Have a good time Sam.... not here in Florida yet... 
@16pebbles head to Chico  When I get my vacation time I will be using it on Chico though and I am excited about that.
@southwestair lost my luggage. Albuquerque staff very nice. But I want my stuff  !!!
@Kirstin23 yea I'm in California! Gonna have to DVR it tonight tho as I've gotta be up early for work,so no more CoCo for me tonight  haha
Ugh, back in Oklahoma. I definitely did not miss the humidity. 
why can't i find a yogurt shop in AZ that has carb/sugar free yogurt? i'm dyyyyying for my favorite guilt-free treat. sadface. 
I so miss Florida  .. I miss pretty much everywhere I've been except where I live
Being gay with taco who is inb lake Tahoe 
I miss my bed in Chico  the couch isn't doin it for me
@honorsociety I was so excited to see you guys in Nampa, Idaho on friday. What happened?? 
@theroser What happened?? Why arent you guys coming to Nampa, Idaho anymore. I was sooo looking forward to seeing you guys 
I am at the airport in Maui getting ready to board my flight home. Not very happy right now. 
California weather is unpredictable....its windy at 11pm but sultry at 3 am 
Working on class stuff in Anaheim! 
just got home in Sacramento.  Talked to dad and he sounded good but still worried 
wants to be back in Florida 
Having so much fun with my sister and brother in law in Florida!  Home tomorrow and back to reality...   lol
Really I am here 2 @tanondemand Having so much fun with my sister and brother in law in Florida! Home tomorrow and back to reality...  lol
@abbylatip nyaww. Abby I miss you too! When you're back, I'm going to be in California already 
Walked out of the house reminiscing about Hawaii last summer 
@peterelst I tried to get at that one but it was fully booked  got Hotel California
my kids are having a pajama party today! i wore my hannah Montana pajamas! i forgot my teddy bear tho  SoMeTiMeS i LuV my JoB!
Wishes she was going to Colorado with my family today 
@ynaf omg underoath is making me feel bad lol they keep talking about how they are headed to California right now to do warped tour 
so far from away from California 
http://twitpic.com/8dn7g - @ laguna beach, summer 2007. California i miss uuu 
@mzjessicat how long are you staying Florida?! i have summer school 
@ricardooooo we'll have a geek off next time you are in Tahoe!! But you need to get miss vicky jay reciting star wars by then 
@RRankinWalker i would LOVE to be in California! 
Gets by with a little help from my friends.. And Arizona green tea. 
@jeffgillis sounds a great trip, surfing to be had off Skye, though I suspect it might not be as warm as California  http://is.gd/rabU
Set up a backpacking meet-up, May 8-10 at Reno - MN - NOT Nevada. lol... Should be fun to show group the caves and Mississippi views. 
@Idaho_Airships doh!  #followfriday
three more days until California and Tova time! 
@LouisS Thanks. I've lived in Florida since 1994 and I miss snow 
@jazzy_528 dont you hate snow soo much? cant wait until i leave for Florida 
And Vermont says, screw you, governor! Yay. 
we've got some very musically talented folks here in Idaho... 
Finally slept! And ready to see some submissions into Barona's video contest - $12K up for grabs! Baronavideocontest.com 
Needs more part time help in Tucson. Low pay. Potential for fun. 
Yay! Vermont overrode the Governor's veto and approved marriage equality! 
The fireworks are going off at the new stadium, Butte kitty is looking out the window &amp; growling at them. Guard cat fail  #renoaces
Parts of Colorado get up to 3 feet of wet, heavy snow today. Roofs collapse in Boulder, avalanches close highways. Happy Spring all! 
@EverywhereTrip I realize its much different than Namibia but the Sonoran Desert photographs amazingly, too! Come out to Scottsdale 
loving the great weather in Oceanside. 
Welp, my sis was supposed to call me this morning so I could drive 45 mins to Louisiana to pick up her dog. She didn't!  
@paintballmom pretty sure you have the wrong @Peelman  I'm an IT worker in indiana, not much i can do about the electric in Bakersfield 
@CMChadwick I went to school in Boulder, I love those freak storms! 
@PhotoPlanMan it never rains in California 
@lkr Where are you from originally Laura? I'd love to move to California someday. 
Standing outside enjoying the California sunshine! Spoke with a possible soon 2b pro baseball player from Nebraska at work today. 
Boulder creek with gram 
@iwokemyselfup haha i just saw that about Montana licking your boob. thanks for the smile  miss you lady
Wallowa is absolutely beautiful.  headed down to the lake soon.
Going to California 
Enjoying thriftys black cherry ice cream like in the old Ridgecrest days 
@NathanFillion who's booksigning? oh! is this the borders thing? i'm going tonight (Fresno store) to spend money and be supportive 
it's so beautiful outside... I love California 
@scottsigler I mentioned in the call that I'm from Louisiana, which I've noticed doesn't show up much on the GORELINE. Hard to miss me. 
@CountWiggles You could always watch NASCAR from Phoenix on your local Fox.channel 
is thrilled to be in Spokane. 
Tucson for the night and tomorrow lets chill 
Hey #Abq and #NM when is the next #NMtweetup ??  
@JDWhite247 Loving Boulder... Rep the 3oh3 my friend 
@purplepopple Agreed. There's a lot about the Portland/Oregon area in general that feels a lot like Europe to me 
(@T__Y) I wish you fuckers in California would shut up about COACHELLA 
@spurs I hope this not against the &quot;twitterverse&quot;, but I was hoping I could come across some fans in Orange County, California... 
@Jesseamann I see you are from Montana.  I have been there many times!  Beautiful place. 
Navajo multi stone necklace 4 fire opals 16 &quot; http://tinyurl.com/c7bla8 let your light shine  brightly 
rt @pupule Aloha and welcome to @JAdamsEsq! 
now my shrimp dish is officially finished! will have it tomorrow 4 lunch at Monterey! 
If anyone comes upon a Hawaii quarter, please save it for me 
needs IDR 8.000.000 on cash right now. Ada yg mau nyumbang hehehe 
....about to set out with walking poles for brisk bit of Florida exercise while sun rises - can't just eat!! - see www.rawinscotland.com 
Just read a good morning all from @k8dt (Milan) and a good night from @cathy_ikeda (Hawaii) adjacent in the twitter stream. 
Flying back to AZ today and then editing my red carpet coverage all day 
I feel like I missed out on the whole Colorado snow storm.  At least I will be back for the 80 degree weather this week 
@StarrGazr Okies - so maybe we check in again when you get back. Florida - lucky 
cooked some pancakes...now leaving to Tucson to go shopping for some nice job interview clothes...Ross's here i come! 
@bryceavary dude you are like the funniest person ever! haha ever single post of your just makes me laugh out loud!  come back to Utah!!
On my way to Irvine! 
spending a low key week in Montana after the 10 country journey.... 
@cherrichiodo glad its warming up in Nor Cal, gonna be mid 90s here in Phoenix this week :-/....but that means the pool will warm up 
@munkeysi California C-4861 is now yours! Treat it respectfully, please. 
free game of skate today @ SHELTER in Fullerton...starts @ 1 
It is going to be insanely hot in Sacramento today!  Its pool time 
loves The Maine 
It is 94 degrees in Goleta today! I am going to read by the pool 
Yay I can see the sky again! I love the rain but nothing beats a Colorado blue sky. 
Had a great breakfast at Rincon Market in Tucson, now going to enjoy the day, saving a Provence Rose for happy hour 
Driving to the Glendale galleria  going shopping!! Yay!!
@jasonmoffatt's birthday today. A spank from the Kern coming your way  take it like a man ;)
@drmikeusana That's ok - nice months to be home in Hawaii!!    
@pachecod You're heading to Bakersfield? The predicted temperature is 100 degrees. Welcome to Bakersfield! Have fun! 
watching Reno 911 
@thespillcanvas nick, where in California are you hiding? 
@Carmen_Denali thanks&lt;3 and thanks for following me. 
@dannywood and starting it early  what time is it in Florida? 6 am?
Cleaning and packing for Florida  I leave in 10 days!!
I think &quot; i must be dreaming&quot; or &quot; shake it &quot; are my favorite songs by The Maine 
@pilarkitty Have fun! One day I hope to visit Hawaii too. 
thinking about vacationing in Hawaii... Alone 
enjoying this sunny day in Louisiana...after all the nasty weather we had a couple of days ago...it's nice to see sunshine 
@ntindall thanks! and to Oklahoma, too 
@MarcDeCaria I think I'll need a few pounds of Almond Joy   How fast can you get it to Colorado?
@ddlovato of yours and go show the world the real and amazing you. Btw I can't wait till you come to Portland Oregon!! 
@Alonis I might make it to Berkeley tomorrow 
@MightyMangler Come to Colorado instead, haha  I kid, lol There's nothing worth coming here for. At least not in Ordway, frikkn tiny town.
Too excited to sleep   Counting down the hours to a 2 week vacation that begins in Arizona 
And my mother lives in Colorado, and I'm eternally 12 (really 25 going on 80) 
@kerelcoop I voted for Maine, only because Pelfrey has an excuse w/ that injury  ..but yeah, hopefully those 3 can step it up soon!
FINALLY @cLennox is excited about going to Florida 
@DorianWitcher re miss California as future fox news anchor - freakin hysterical! she'd be perfect 
@ingridmusic I am going to get 1st row seats at your next concert in Utah!!! please come soon! 
@RealHughJackman  I wish we'd been able to see you all at  the premiere here in AZ but will enjoy seeing the movie 
@jamesku I actually heart the clouds. I lived in Monterey for five years so overcast days make me happy 
253 miles later and I finally got to my destination. I love Oceanside. 
@daxwelling C'mon, California boy, quakes with magnitudes of 4.4 &amp; 3.1 cause little to no damage. Just a quick coaster ride!, thankfully. 
@ethansuplee are you in Oregon?  I got married in Oregon. 
Waaaaay fucked up in Fresno!! I love my life! 
getting ready to go to Oahu tomorrow.... i miss my boyfriend 
@TheDelicious I think most AsianAm kids go through some sort of self-hatred their own food or culture...unless they're from Hawaii. 
@TheDelicious I think most AsianAm kids go through some sort of self-hatred of their own food or culture...unless they're from Hawaii. 
... not a bad song of the 'phonics .. but Dakota is a nicer feel-good-track ... for sure!   ? http://blip.fm/~5eoip
@halfgoon me neither. But it's got Jean Reno in it! 
Just woke up to &quot;going to California &quot; great song to wake up too 
I brought the hannah Montana the movie book 
lovin that we're in Florida 
@jasongroupp 0% here in Oregon. 
@lucky2bjes I am in Arizona! we are getting closer and closer! 
Saw hannah Montana today  epic film dick'ed. I'm learning the hoedown throwdown
Cereal and hannah Montana 
@MrsHaydee And you could find nice places to stop along the way. Boise has some wonderful hotels... 
@zosiablue I heart you!  we're in Stillwater right now. Totally worth the drive.
@JonathanRKnight @jordanknight don't u guys wanna come to Hawaii?   I can't be flying to the mainland everytime you guys are on tour!
Pismo's sand is like powder 
@MontanaOne It should begin its migration to Montana very soon. 
I should be living in California! Lol 
Bible Marathon in Flagstaff, it's early but I am glad I did it. 
@almostcool It's an online radio station featuring only local Monterey County bands. 
@AmyMWestlake @sophiebannerman California with some friends 
Hollister training went well 
has no plans for sunday but then again its another sunny day in Mesa, AZ! 
I want to go to Hawaii and lay on a beach 
heading to Napa for brunch...I feel like a celebrity haha especially since I am updating my twitter on my cell phone 
off to California Adventure 
I'm currently starting a business instead of going to Hawaii. I feel rather good about that 
going shopping in Camarillo  can't wait
is going to Morongo baby imma rape the 3 card poker tables tonight 
@augustwhisper California born, been here all my life so far.    That may all be changing soon.
the wait in drive through at the new Sonic in Puyallup was 1.5 hours. not kidding. no, I didn't wait - I will just go back 
&quot;I&quot;m feeling you, your feeling me what exactly us holding us back?&quot; gotta love the Maine! 
@DavidMaples thanks for the follow! Louisiana native myself 
@AlohaBruce it's a wonderful night in Hawaii kai,im still a little thirsty from our run today 
Just watched Casper!... I love that movie 
@DonnieWahlberg Folsom...the suburbs..not quite as exciting 
Home from Spokane what a fun great weekend hanging with the Crawfords  going to bed sore from bloomsday! #fb
@mitchelmusso let see when are you coming to Sacramento that's whats on my mind 
My best friend is going to Berkeley next year, what will I do without her?? I suppose I'll just have to go up north and visit her often!! 
soon in Oregon yo family first 
@gneitzer I thought every weekend was a long weekend in California 
Mahalo  great show! @CollieBuddz  aloha, thx for makin it out to Kauai, we enjoyed it!  Safe trip
@TheLonely California 
@Bball4life Florida should be nice. 
@jaymeallover Sry I missed your calls. I fell asleep out of boredom. Colorado Sunrise was enjoyable though.  I actually could hear it. xD
@bitchmobile I had one of those in south Florida. Mowing around it could hurt 
@Amador323 in june. the 6th. a sat! 
a band from Hawaii with a Sublime sound, so all you sublime haters can just move along  ? http://blip.fm/~5yy4n
After 42 hours of not sleeping it is time for bed. Alaska-so far so good 
@09Casper oooooo. i like that too! anywhere near mommy is good for me. 
back in Durango. Chaperoning a party. interesting. catching up on my internet surfing and drinking a woodchuck. ha. 
@dmcox fantastic day in the AZ sun 
@ferrao California waiting, every little thing's gotta be just right ? Putz, adoro essa banda 
Is gonna go for a shower  goin to see hannah Montana laterz woo well excited
Collabro w/JPhlip called &quot;California&quot; was another hot one. 
@nortyuk I bet it makes you miss sunny (and hot) Florida 
listening to The Maine  fuckin amazing 
sunday NYT article on how the recession's hit Boise - Hwy 12 portfolio company Balihoo and handsome ceo featured   http://bit.ly/1aa7ld
Not going to Maine..... staying home with the mom's for mothers day. Hopefully we will go out and do something fun!!!! 
on da way home from Omaha w/my groovy KS gals! 
Shopping/eating at Irvine Spectrum all day with mi madre. 
@lilyroseallen You need to have a concert in Florida! 
Up in NorCal  Bye SoCal 
What I look at when performing at the Utah Ren Fest -   http://twitpic.com/4yjfg
Home in Wichita for 4 days before I take off on my next traveling adventure. There's no place like home!!!! Wichita ROCKS!!!! 
Nothing beats the California sunset over the western sea. I am closing down our park as I take a moment to enjoy the sunset. 
@christian_baker She lives in Missouri so it's difficult to see her  Where are you from originally? I guess your mum lives in Napa?
Successful shopping day w/ my cousin in Pasadena! 
@tiNgTinggggg how come you changed your mind ? im at mt. sac right now..but i plan to transfer in about a year..to hopefully cal poly SLO 
A certain straight As student from Foothill isn't graduating. Not mentioning names. 
@gregreiner I liked Hawaii   I have a &quot;thing&quot; for volcanoes.
Sway and Phoenix....the movement begins 
@patmaine i'm going to school in NM 
@DecentMan LOL Okies Just checkin 
the bead gallery girlz are doing lunch for the @Tails_of_Aloha fundraiser tomorrow!  print out the flier: http://twitpic.com/4wulz &amp; go 
@selenagomez Hey I heard you were going to Seattle washing ton friday. You should come to Portland Oregon 
and then Ill sign out and never bother you again  hahaha -Cheyenne.
Just got finished updated AAUW membership info for the Tacoma Branch.  Each name makes me smile. 
nao has cooooookies. And is in Monterey 
@alyab I hope you are having an amazing time in Hawaii, burned crisp or not! 
@jepriy: thank u darling! glad ur shows went well in Merced! 
@caitlynhuss im jealous, Hawaii show is gonna be hype! I'll post pics and vids after the concert 
just made my first connection in Honolulu/Hawaii via beehive  thanks for reaching out! ALOHA
@XtyMiller Maui, HI.: Training Camps 4 Personal, Execs.,Companies,Sales &amp; U choose sport/event &amp; we'll gear U up in Maui, HI.  Aloha oe!
@jdtorres enjoy your weekend! Florida sounds nice right now-lots of rain here 
WOW, NPR had 3 stories featuring places I know from my life experiences: Carroll Gardens, Cancun, Arizona State University 
@AndreaAnglin I know...I know...but you have to admit, we've been awful lucky in the Wichita area when it comes to disasters 
Waking up in Boulder!! 
Gettin ready to go to Utah, leavin very soon 
Is headed to Kearny Mesa 
It's a beautiful day in SoCal! 
Has an apartment waiting for her in Boise!! Yay 
visiting with my brother from Florida! 
I love Oregon in the summer! BBQs with good friends outside on the deck, 9:15 at night and it's still warm 
@kspin LOL - about 85, so no room to complain to someone in AZ, obvs 
We made it! Downtown Fullerton with the besties 
i need to buy 2 tickets for Relient K in Pomona (glass house), let me know 
Monterey was amazing! The aquarium was wonderful, weather wise a bit hot for Monterey. Over all a superb day! 
@JessicaSarahS  yeah totally! I live maybe 15 min away from Vacaville, that's awesome!
@Frisbee4Sierra i love you too! and ur always a winner in my book. 
@emitstop NM bro  cooking dinner atm haha what about you?
@teufl0302  Your so lucky........great weather in AZ as well!  
I'm enjoying Kennebunkport at the moment and will be in Portland shortly.  
Arizona! Grand canyon-bound 
At the airport on my way to AZ! 
@mileycyrus hey, seen hanah Montana at the cinemar yesterday &amp; it was quite amazing  xx
Eating bf's cake'cause he's too engrossed in Battlestation Pacific to notice 
@Schwarzenegger when are you going to start going by dr. Schwarzenegger? Start using your USC degree 
@PhilippaJane even in California its 10 am already 
My sister, Cheyenne's birthday party is today! It's gonna be so much fun! 
I love beautiful Colorado days and finding out I don't have to work 
Wine tasting in Solvang with the bubby  and tasting and tasting and tasting..
Pomona, here we come! 
@mariahaesthetic I love how you're tweeting to your mom haha! &lt;3 I'm coming to Arizona to see you someday 
@jimmygatliff Agreed  Greeley summer's are the BEST ;)
@lisianblue Arizona  I'm in Tucson and it is cookin' hot out! Thank goodness for the pool and AC!
100 degrees in California. I can roll with this!  ? http://blip.fm/~6h58l
Ojai looks so cute when she sleeps!! 
watchin' southland! I hope it's nice out tomarra 
I love how everyone in Socal is tweeting about the quake 
@BillyRoper it was going off @ Oceanside pier tonight 
I hope all you SoCal ladies are okay!  &lt;3
@LindaSherman - glad you're good Linda! I know Earthquakes in California are like blizzards in Colorado - you get used to them! 
@drolfson sucky!!! if u can take ur neices on the toy story ride in California Adventure. long lines but so fun! (its like astroblasters) 
Holy moly. I need to hurry up and vacation in SoCal. 
@CoachDeb LOL...your first quake was in bed on Oahu...too funny. 
@Strawburry17 aww. maybe next time? ALSO! when i move to California in 8 years, im gonna apply for an internship 
Whoo hoo! Finals start tomorrow . . . best of luck to all at Fresno State (students AND faculty! 
there are 4 or 5 posts from The Maine Daily on the upcoming popular page right now and one post from fuckyeahgarrett 
Sierra commented me for a third time. She's so awesome 
@FlorianYoga Howdy from the Pacific Northwest 
Flights and cruise booked for Hawaii!!!!! Here I come 
@1015JamZ will you be giving away meet &amp; greet or do an interview w/ the new kids on the block when they come to AZ for their concert? 
@bumblefee I'm sorry.  Tell yourself that the rain is what makes Scotland green... just like it makes Oregon green. Voila--- you're here! 
@LastDays Zombo banks at the Cal Arlington branch, I've met him many times 
I'm in Arizona and @taylorswift13 is in Los Angeles. FML! only 3 more days though 
@ajmahler don't even think about buying my beach in Hawaii.. 
@tboneps Night, Chico! 
@cococompany @RochelleVeturis   Thank you! We got 2nd place. I'm on the north Shore of Oahu , Hawaii. 
Florida on thursday, excited? YESSSSSS 
@lacxnanglaise I was in Vermont on saturday and stayed at the chateau champlain for the weekend to celebrate our anniversary. 
sad to see my governor go, best thing that happened to Utah, well...since me 
@RealHughJackman You've got your priorities straight, my friend. Our plans? Southern California trip in 4 days ~ me, the hubby, &amp; kids. 
@earthXplorer http://twitpic.com/5f8m7 - All smokers take note. Make sure to make your connecting flight in Utah. 
@onceatweeter I'm good .....ty....have my cap right now............beautiful morning in AZ.... 
@lmalindajeanl how was SLO lol?  
@seankeithsmith California is BEAUTIFUL...expensive but beautiful...good weather,if u like it sunny/warm! 
planning our trip to Portland, OR 
I dreamt that Colorado was turned into one big lake 
@jtimberlake Next time you come skiing/boarding here in Utah, you should give me a tweet! There are some cool spots only the locals know 
- @nibaq Thanks for letting me know. I'm going to check out Eureka later with this knowledge 
&quot;Do you remember when 21 years was old?&quot; Ah, gives me the chills.  Track from the new Phoenix album. ? http://blip.fm/~6t010
@VividMuse It's usually easier coming up from Washington than going into this time of morning. Safe travels 
Just chilln' with my awesome hamster Maui  haha
yeah i'm coming California B) lookking forward to it.   gonna call the women now. She'll care for chico ?
Finals.... Then Louisiana 
Good morning!  Another gloomy day in Florida. But I'm feeling much better knowing that my AZ show hasn't changed too much. 
Off to Tualatin for more tests! 
@mistressmia yes, please come back to Utah! Right now!  Thanks so much. You are too, too kind 
going home to AZ soon 
@465media No worries... I'll get you to Sedona soon 
last day in Florida  outside enjoying the day 
@CarrieBuff have fun in Utah! we really need to hangout when you get back!! i miss you guys 
@buffychris Don't you just love it when it rains in Arizona?  Since it seldom happens, I enjoy it each and every time 
@LaurenMabbett I am definitley guilty of an addiction to that game. Look me up on facebook and we can compete. Alex Edinger in Oregon 
Is on her way to Hawaii. Aloha! 
@trotterpie If you stop in Hawaii on the way, it would be shorter... 
@_YANYAN buat api n masak~ but not my choice to decide. If Ada or not kami bbq, i'm still ok 
@Schwarzenegger I love ya....and voted for you. (FYI) 
@JennyftBlockDW1 I mean you can get to Alaska by boat but will take about 1.5 days driving to get to me after that! 
The real estate market in Tulare county is so awesome right now!  Lots of buyer's &amp; not enough seller's...that is my problem right now!  
@thomasfiss I'd be down if you were in Modesto *hint, hint* 
Sooo, house hunting was way easier than I thought.  Escrow  should  close right after I get back from Hawaii! 
@ROCKSTAR5150 Visalia...i'm there most Sundays 
@JudyHWright Oregon is great.  I am sure Montana is too.  We have the beach, desert, and mountains within a couple of hours of us.  
@mikegentile I really really really really like you? I'd die to meet you.  we should hang outt in AZ when you come by.
Nothing like driving with the windows down, wind in your hair, listening to Hotel California 
@McCainBlogette I'm heading out to Mesa/Tempe next week for a few days any thoughts or suggestions for me while I'm out there?  #arizona
Monterey 2marrow 
13-year-old Kansas girl wins National Spelling Bee. Makes Olathe, KS proud.   http://bit.ly/14UYpy
@Christy0612 oh and to listen to it during the long drive to SoCal this weekend 
@christyku Yes indeed. Even if she would not have won, she represented Olathe very well. 
@bobbyrettew Yes! Phoenix is awesome! I almost moved to El Paso recently and I'm very happy that I can stay in Phoenix.. 
Made it to the Seattle airport and I'm just on time for Alaska Airlines flight 125 to Fairbanks I should get to Alaska in about 3.5 hours 
With grace in Anaheim just went to dinnyland eating greek food right now soooo goood 
@TinaJB8 Hawaiian all the way!! 
Heyleys update!  @yelyahwilliams &quot;Albuquerque, NM = favorite, thus far.&quot; Woooooot! Exciting!
Getting excited for the move to Idaho... looks like there are some great amateur astronomy clubs and belly dance groups in the area. 
correction. KayuPutri is loving life in Berkeley 
@yelyahwilliams You guys were amazing tonight in Albuquerque, NM I hope you guys can come again 
oh i did find one 80s picture...here i am studying at U of Oregon (or maybe just reading a newspaper)   http://bit.ly/14FQ8p
Is living it up in Hawaii 
Starting to get ready for Social Media Presentation in Springfield Oregon on June 23. Heck, three weeks should be enought time to prepare 
Sending love and Aloha to new followers. 
Chico is extra hot &amp; working 8 hours a day blows. i miss bobby &amp; home. a week and a half until dublin for a few days 
