Most common words for this cluster:
[('camera', 561), ('screen', 40), ('pics', 39), ('pictures', 37), ('cameras', 30), ('lens', 28), ('video', 24), ('http', 20), ('dslr', 20), ('webcam', 20), ('cam', 19), ('com', 17)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'camera', 0.9490430355072021), (u'cameras', 0.7698969841003418), (u'Wagging_finger', 0.7383835315704346), (u'camera_lens', 0.7297486662864685), (u'camcorder', 0.7155442833900452), (u'Canon_digital_SLR', 0.7132259607315063), (u'eyepiece_viewfinder', 0.7063573598861694), (u'compact_digicam', 0.6974811553955078), (u'Nikon_D##_digital_SLR', 0.6954825520515442), (u'digi_cam', 0.6899614930152893)]





http://twitpic.com/2y36e - cant see the flowers falling  i dont have a camera, just my cellphone
Wants her camera back! 
I really wish I had not bought the camera-less E62 that day when my 6680 went dead. I miss photographing little things. dSLR is too bulky 
My camera spoil 
ahhh!! my webcam is messed up and won't turn on! 
I need either a new phone with all the cool crap on it, or a good digital camera.... 
Camera should be here today.  I think I'm going to cry though, cause it won't stop the lonely I feel. 
oh no my camera is out of juice 
is still playing with her shiny new camera..can't get the other lense working though  x
why do i always misplace my camera cord?  i know i had it not to long ago 
Totally left the house without my camera battery 
my camera is not working, holy eeeffff 
Hoping my camera isn't broken 
Just got stuck backstage at the killers, my camera is fkuked 
I think my memory card is fucked  at least its not the one for my DSLR I guess
cannot find my microphone cable 
#$&amp;*# just bought batteries for my cam took 10 pics and not the batteries are dead. i really need a new camera! no more pics tonight 
#$&amp;*# just bought batteries for my cam took 10 pics and now the batteries are dead. i really need a new camera! no more pics tonight 
today, I took my first photo with a lens flare on it 
lost his camera last night 
@cherrybumbum How do you lose a video camera?  you poor thing.
@thebeerrun i think i left my camera in the cab 
Just found out that family members four hours of photo taking only saved on! The camera was either off or faulty. They aren't happy 
@curliehair69 what happened to your camera ? 
I've lost my usb thingy for my camera and there's a really nice pic of me and the boy 
I think my webcam hates me.. 
about to upload some pictures... but i left my camera on and now the battery is dead. sad 
@DarthShalom i belong in front of a camera 
I can't decide what lens should I buy 
@ashleykins01 i don't have a camera 
Just saw a random dog, camera to slow for the pic 
@CitizenSwift the screen died after two years of me trashing it  I'm sure it still works but like $140+ to fix the screen on my N95 
forgot to charge my camera. shucks 
I am SO bugged with the camera repair place  They won't give me my camera back!
I feel poor without a camera! 
@KyeLani my camera is shit 
now has a broken camera 
Finished posing for the camera and actually ended up with a couple of half-decent mug shots. I hate having my photo taken 
Photos from Melechesh: http://is.gd/wlkO @godlyjohn  @Ypre @mrmrwn @trendcrusher @MescalineSun // dSLR failing, must consider buying new 
@robertk328 thanks! I actually just bought &quot;close up lens,&quot; filters basically... a nice cheap alternative  - *can't* afford a macro lens 
@MrCrys crys i still havent got my charger for my camera  !
Bad little kitty climbing curtains to chase a fly. Grabbed camera too late.  
i need to find my camera.. 
@saraaaah doo ittt i wud but i have no webcam 
@maryhbogart those pics are precious mine wont come to the camera 
Stilllll haven't gotten my camera. 
my freakin camera is broken 
 i broke my microphone 
http://twitpic.com/4w5aw - the last pic I've taken before my camera was gone!arghh shit,I miss my camera.. 
Finally arrived. Camera took a dive onto concrete...again. 
deleting a shitload of pictures off my camera 
Some kid just wrecked my camera with sprite 
@housenbaby don't think that will work as it is only i year old  trying to talk him into taking the video camera
playing with my dog. I wish I could bring photos but he dislikes the camera 
omg canon just released their newest DSLR to mark their 50th anniversary, too bad it cost over 6k and i dont have spare cash lying around 
needs to bring his camera out soon! 
ugh. what a waste.  i just replaced the cartridge of polaroids in my cam, but i still had two left.  so they developed as i took it out.  
Doing remote tech support frustrates me, especially if it's for a camera and the owner hasn't read the manual. 
today's sky is so damn gorgeous! too bad I don't have an slr camera to capture it 
i need to start taking more pictures.... i need a new charger for my camera 
And its work yet again tomorrow.. blarg. Two weeks of dealing with complaints is enough for anyone. But, I need a dSLR... 
@Galiiit ahhaha so will i XD not that i have a camera to take a pic of it 
@SaliWho his death ray laugh seems to vibrate the camera. harrowing scenes 
wanted to buy a mp4 touch screen but too expensive. addicted to trademe 
@royce81  I'll blink in my most innocent manner and wave my notebook and camera around and hope I'm not lucky enough to be arrested!
i can't find my camera chargers 
Goslings! So cute  And me without my camera 
What am I going to do about my broken camera!? 
there is something majorly wrong with my camera.  not cool.  no warranty anymore.  man 
I hope 10.6 is blue screen free or I will not upgrade 
@neon_lights wait, by pictures you mean cameras???.. I have my camera.. and because I was more of a jerk then usual to everybody... 
On my way to the beach! ... my amigo lost his camera ... I wnt have pics 
I had a dream that i found my camera 
We might as well send the camcorder back seeing that we can;t use it properly. 
feeling stressed, dropped my itouch and its dead...didnt realise how much i used it till i cant....white screen aaarrgghhhhhhh not good 
@camera_obscura_ I'm cleaning as well. 
@kennethcold yo I forgot to give you your camera 
ftswindle =/ @rehes @kennethcold yo I forgot to give you your camera 
The video heads on my camera are dirty, so all I get is a pixelated image when I try to import it. 
set my camera strap on dire with a candle  stupid candlelit dinner 
I have DSLR camera envy.  And now is an especially bad time for me to be coveting such expensive toys. 
@MTVwebmaster WooohOOOOOO!!!... i dnt have a videocam  but will still try to participate.. even though it comes bad !
@rocketgirl13: I'd hug you but I'd be hugging my screen. 
@jazmine_kay hmmm might put up bettrpic ofme when i fix my camera  too many kodak moments/happy snaps! We should catch up sometime! XDDDD
I've lost my camera! 
@ladonnaelza no pics. Yes I know I'm sry. What were we thinking?! I didntveven take my camera 
I found the most perfect camera strap... for $70 
@krishgm I've just found out that my new camera has been obsoleted. It's always the same... 
Couldn't get my camera to load fast enough. So didn't get a picture of the turkeys.  It was a strange and amazing sight.
something is wrong with my digital camera 
Managed to expose the whole of my 120 film from the brownie camera, lost a whole shoot brilliant 
bummer, cam not working on cam4.com 
soooo sean . attempted to take photo of just me :] but failed cos my cameras dead 
My flat screen broken 
@ laz the sandwich lover. You never brought me the camera 
I'm such a dumbass! I forgot my camera 
I want my camera back 
@reece_handley just a sony cyber shot... my old camera got stolen a few months ago 
My flat screen broken 
gaah, finally when im not lazy and decide to upload photos my usb cord for my camera is gone... 
my camera is missing after me just getting it back so unfair not happy 
my camera died and i fucking need it for school and other stuff. and i lost the receipt so i cant even get it fixed 
i need a tripod 
@jameskingsley I'll do my best! But I dont have my camera 
@bwsewell .. maybe by the next decade when i finally buy my own camera?.. 
does NOT like copycats...  disappointed to see photographers copying other photographers... *sigh* what happened to integrity? 
Sports setting on my camera is hawt,. I didn't get my guy hug 
I feel lonely without my camera 
I want a nice, expensive camera 
Massive migrain! Just looking at the light on the screen is making me feel sick! 
@fletcherfashion i took it off because roomie has my camera card 
 seller flaked on a camera, have to wait until next week
i lost my  camera 
Today my DSLR id died. it just turn on  ...
Is sad cause she cant find her camera charger for tomorrow 
I wish I was a guru    I might just ask for a good camera for my grad present!  Goooood  I D E A !
Today My DSLR is died. It just won't turn on    What is happening ...
need a camera blower.. my camera censor is dirteeh.. 
@mimiwinfrey i wish i could find my camera cause i really wanna record some too... 
I really want a camera! 
@xXScarletBXx I think that may look a little silly -.- Also my camera is broken so no photo 
@myhaloromance My camera is brokennn 
@athoob the lens was 70mm  I couldn't
@freecitysoul my film didn't come out  the camera was broken. lamesauce.
@theOlsens Aww, that's sad.  I miss seeing you guys on the big screen.
@chacesmithphoto will do! I may just have to keep it on my shelf with the rest of my old cameras 
@BenSpark heck, who am I kidding, he's better with a camera than I am, that's for sure! LOL He likes video too but he dropped his vid cam 
@ROHonHDNet Why do you guys use camera angles that make it look like there are only 200 people in the building? 
@FionaKyle didn't have my camera with me  totally regretting it now!
@jenxstudios it's like 20 bucks for 10 shots  what kind of camera do you have?
so bored without a camera 
Moving: nothing accessible. Camera broken, kitchen stuff in boxes, no internet.  Makes it hard to cook or blog.  get me to brooklyn!
@turnitgrey I left mine in music...i think i don't have a camera anymore 
I can't find my camera 
my camera's being a doucheeee, it stopped working 
@JuliaBronwyn I accidently dropped it &amp; now the screen is all messed 
Also I popped the phone open and got all that goddamn dust out, but I wore out a clip on the camera panel so I had to glue it shut 
@pamma_b the screen freaks out and it freezes randomly.  i am so sad 
I think I fucked my camera up the battery cartrage opened while the lens was going back in and now the lens is stuck  trying to fix it
now i wish my camera was better 
My camera has no more battery, shucks  I love it. LOL but I don't want to charge it.
cannot find her camera  
fucking forgot her camera! She could have uploaded long overdue pics! 
feeling bummed that someone stole my camera 
@cacowboy48 Unfortunately, no.  We weren't allowed to have cameras 
ughhhh i can't find my camera. 
@ttaasshhaa I know so true i miss everyone bad  And make that three, I ALSO want one of those Cameras! Lol.
had a grumpy cameraman for the trailer shoot 
I'm so irritated, I've lost my camera's cable so I can't upload my pics! 
I cant find my microphone 
I can not get the pictures I want! Partly the camera is smarter than me. Also, there is nowhere to stop 
i am sad... my camera is not working 
My camera died on me. 
I broke my little camera tonight 
@prolificd sadly the cam is out of battery, n my phone cam sucks.. 
my camera ran out of power 
@RachieGeigie he got there right before he played and hid in his room.  We left after like 4 songs and saw camera obscura...no dice 
@lipodoc got both of my bracelets you gave me too  and a digital camera and various other odd items.
 my istockphoto application was denied....they considered one image to be over processed even though it was straight from the camera
@TaylorOhhh at least you didn't crush the screen like I did mine. 
i wish i could find my camera 
my camera's lcd backlight is out again. I tried smacking my camera a few times to get it back on, but that didn't work. is this the end? 
I want a new camera. But this one is only 1 yr old. 
mann, i want one of the new canon hd cameras! im a camera lover, i already have 5 cameras i think, even though my big canon is broke! 
where is my camera? 
why is there a dead pixel in the middle of my screen all of a sudden? 
Dammit my camera has no batteries. 
@UglyGerbil nope just the program that came with my camera...can't afford photoshop  i don't know what a stroke is - is it a border?
My flat screen broken 
ugh i really want a new digital camera 
my camera is brokenz and not supported by vista 
@lizasperling excellent   So you don't have any camera to try it with?  
Huuu..  I think I broke my macro lens.
i need a new camera.... 
i want my camera back 
screen fixed. screen broken again. 
OKay so there are 3 things i really want right now, a Flip Camera, an Ipod, and that HPNetBook. which should i get? 
I miss my camera 
I've decided I need a better camera. The bb just doesn't cut it. 
is scouting for a new camera... my nikon coolpix digicam just got broken (still wondering why.... ) 
I just dropped and broke my camera. whaaaaaaaaaaaaa  
i want to go out with my camera 
not a happy bunny, lens has died (or dying painfully judging by noise it's making), now I've got to figure out how to return to sigma 
At what once was huge camera show.Now like a photography graveyard 
  my camera broke !
I am really bored b/c I don't have the camera with me 
@SarahInTheSkyy darn, I do have a good webcam  i might connect it in just for you. skype call now?
My flat screen broken 
My camera did not survive our fourth night in vegas 
not happy about the fact that my camera may be broken 
still cannae find her camera. 
dailybooth!! i mish my digicam.  http://www.dailybooth.com/rodri
@AmazingPhil my camera is dead 
@powerwriter I talked with several of the reporters off camera; the scene was very sad and somber 
@Sageogfruit ...you are right, damnit! And he did take more pics with his good camera.  But we have to wait on them 
I'm looking for my camera. It's lost 
Deperately need to photograph all of my recent stuff...aand I can't find my camera 
oh how I miss having a camera....it mends my boredom 
@WoodsmanHans No... Cameras weren't allowed where I was at... 
is sooo bummed because her camera's busted! 
so, not only did I ruin the camera, I'm pretty sure I also ruined the memory card and I lost ALL the pics from the weekend. 
Just got the flat screen, setting it up &amp; what not; then back to studying 
@lauraserra derek got 98%?! The microphone is vacant 
my camera is on the fritz  I should buy a new one...
Amused watching lucy try to eat a ham bone. i'd take pictures, but she's afraid of cameras 
@lnorthrup oh, I had a camera with that problem - only because I dropped it. 
doc martens or new camera? why much i face such difficult choices in life 
forgot that i don't have to right camera with me here shit ! can't do the vid for nikkie 
@rachaelblogs @Stefnet I can never see the screen outside 
@ellie_bites I bought the wrong DLSR too. Olympus don't have a F1.4 lens 
I'm tripping.  I need a camera but I don't have the money to just buy a new one  http://myloc.me/2hCV
i WANT a profissional camera  give me one?
@SEANJDAY i wish i could but my camera is in pieces 
eating strawberrys, to bad i wasnt on cam 
scratched my G9 lens... 
lost mark's camera with some of the honeymoon pictures?!?!? 
@foyble camera atleast a year off as dev kits just been sent out  really want the camera, never thought I would
@cataractmoon if only we had a video camera 
I really can't decide if I want to get a video camera or not 
@nikkie20six I would if I was around my camera 
@itouchinsanity Husband sent me link to this dSLR link earlier. Doesn't work with Canon 10D  Time to upgrade but waiting for GPS.
I know and I didn't have my camera to record.  
camera (on my bb) went of in front of a guys crotch  sooo embarrassed!
i thought i fix that camera but in some case i made it worse than before T_T 
@igortizz thinking? well either way have fun with that !  lol ~ it seems as my camera won't upload 
@massagemichael lol! I don't have a camera to take a pic and my work cell doesn't allow me to upload pics  not sure why
i think i broke my camera  but i dont know.
Really want that DSLR camera. I need it so badly.... 
@iheartpreston was very glad I went ;)  forgot my camera though 
@PeachPosh Aww, thanks! I cant even afford an invisible webcam right now lol.  ;)
@mikabee1103 LOL found her! I'm glad pro pictures got put up... no one had a camera 
@Keryje about 2 mins #blackberrystorm camera is amazingly slow  miss you too babes
@StephanieIbay I do. Its been weeks since I've gone on a photo shoot... I need to get the shutter on my camera fixed though 
@twinklybee ugh, out of order!  do you have a camcorder that picks up audio? so you can get evidence of how disturbing it is?
watching 'quarantine' cannot handle movies with handheld camera. i get car sick 
I wish my video camera was fixed 
knew it will all happen on the cams as soon as I go out 
crap!!! camera i hate i hate you!!! 
@dubbalubagis again, the G1 needs flash 
@whimsyandspice yikes!   what new camera did you get?
ahh asda have stopped stocking the camera i wanted. very disappointing 
i own two identical polaroid cameras....and no film. 
My iPhone is completely broken, cracked screen, broken camera, won't charge, etc. Who wants to lend me $200 for a new one? 
My flat screen broken 
I can't find the chord for my camera. 
My camera is kaput 
is thinking I really wish I knew where my camera was!! 
@toxicast my camera broke 
is doing research for first video.....i give up showing myself on camera 
@gorikain =( Don't do that! She might install a camera, you see! 
my camera is broke 
really wish i could afford a new phone.. 5 buttons have fallen off, the camera's stopped working and the actual screen keeps falling off. 
so upset now  something's wrong with my camera... i refuse to buy a new one
@londicreations I went to take shots of the floss and dead camera 
walked infront of the camera at channel 7  now watching state of origin 
@MagpieSparkles Your new camera makes you look great. Goooood lip colour. is that the 54? its so bright on me, scared to wear it 
@FemaleProdigy I wanted to eat the lens but the photographer wouldn't let me. 
@lem238 I want a waterproof camera for my cruise!  
I have to admit I'm a little nervous about making my sandwich in front of a camera  #oscarmayer
I now realize, I can't live w/o my lens. 
@kasia101 I only got 2 pictures last night, since my camera's broke and my phone's battery was dying 
f**k. now it's raining. now i'm going to be carrying 2 camera bags AND an umbrella 
@drschultz I was too slow to get out the camera and snap a pic 
my camera died i'm so upset 
@maggiebriteside I will. I had to give stephen back his camera  poo-head. but, I left the cute pictures of me &amp; my boo on there. &amp; the one
@theblackestsea yeah my old camera could handle the bass better.  But that's why I also have a camcorder! lol
So sad I didn't have my camera while it was burning. 
I just lost my digital camera... 
I need to get more @Portabellopixie fabric!!  I made the farmer's market quilted camera strap slipcover, but I ran out.    hmmm....
looking for my camera charger 
@KankzXD my photos rn't as good as the 1s i got @ mcfly cos i wasnt on the barrier, but they're still ok, left my camera @ my parents tho 
WTF?!??? I just recorded a tutorial and my camera erased it 
Man I need a camera bad 
I miss being on camera. 
i wish i had a handheld remote for my camera 
I wish i had my camera 
@GeezusHaberdash forgot his camera. so i couldnt put it on myspace. 
I need to find a job if I'm ever going to have enough money to buy a DSLR 
arianne has my mobile and camera. i really need them 
Is so sad that i broke my camera last night 
So who's taking the new camera for it's first outing?  I'll give you a hint.  It's not me.  
DSLR vs point-n-shoot: Entry level DSLRs are on a video trip. PnS dont allow sufficient exposure+ focus control 
@TamyT_xx i have the pro camera but not the huge zoom!! 
I'm mad, I erased all the pics in my camera by mistake! 
I lost my cord for my digital camera. Everyone please look for it 
@albertart WoW doesn't work with tablets/Wiimotes anymore  the camera interprets the coordinates really badly, and everything spins.
@lydiaogle the no camera rules were old. everybody had a camera. 
ohhhh nooooo! I don't know where my camera is! 
my old point and shoot camera seems to not work as well as it used to. i'm sorry for dropping you.  arg, distraction, distractions.goodbye
Not having a camera makes me sad. The sky and the light are beautiful right now, I could take a great picture. But no camera 
@cracksauce I was testing out the camera 
i wish i had my camera back  now i can't be a badass photographer anymore.
nothing more frustrating than looking for a camera charger and knowing deep down that it's gone forever 
@modernally @acometonitsway sorry! i don't have a microphone so if i hooked up my webcam you wouldn't be able to hear me  fail.
My video camera is borked 
ugh my camera died right after i took my last pic...now i have to wait to recharge before i can post new stuff  what. a. drag.
@Tiwaworks with what? No cam phone and my real camera has been missing for two weeks now 
@Tiwaworks I feel wierd without my cam 
@ryanscene is print screening me on webcam  and i've just shown him m tan lines on my chest :|
why is flickr looking all weird? looking at double exposure film photos. i want a film camera. someone make it happen? 
Shitter, I lost the cable to plug my camera into the computer.  I want photos!
Ahh i cant find my camera chargerrr. 
's digital camera is on its way out. 
My camera only lets me take a video for about 3 minutes so I had to hurry with it  #YATrivia
fuck, i think one of those camera's caught me turning on a red light! 
http://twitpic.com/6t0ip - @garrymcshane @milomarnes @ryanhayden 04.17.09  [my shitty camera quality]
boo hoo!!! i didn't bring khaleil (camera) with me last night.. 
photographed gladiator battles, hope the smoke didnt harm my camera 
fuck! i deleted all the pictures  from our camera.... again 
@cuppie_cake haha yeah the 8900 flash is bright great camera my lights stuck on at the moment 
@nkotbgadget I wanted to update you guys through the show but my camera battery died 
Oh no!! I need a dslr equipped with wide angled lens 
@motyshagswell mooots i lost my digicam  the canon ixus one.
@AnDi86 yay!!! I dropped mine last sun &amp; it has a few war wounds  I hope the camera is better!
i want that camera 
@TiffanyDow there is no transfer lens link! I have a whole bunch of lenses  oh well...
@camera_obscura @andrev they..look..so..damn..comfy..and..so..damn..cute  taze me now, please?
@ErrnBbtt I couldn't find my camera cable before i left so pics are going to have to wait till i get home  but i am taking a ton!
lost my camera last night.... all my cherished photos...gone 
can't find my camera lead 
@TheLonelyGnome Too bad my camera has no hope of being able to capture a good photo of it 
i am about 99% sure that i just killed the new digital camera my parents got me yesterday 
i have a brick of a phone that has a black and white screen and no camera!! while mines is in for repairs 
@library_clg it didn't happen. i tried it and it just turned black. i can't find my camera, either, so no pics either way. 
@rawrmellysaur.. technically i have a very good camera, mother wont let me use the camcorder 
Completely depressed that I cannot get my cameras to work  GRRRRRR
@ThelemicWaves it was really a calf. So cute but I did not have my camera on me 
I just got back from clinbing contest. forgot my camera.......  so no pictures  (stuppid me!!!)
I just got back from climbing contest. forgot my camera.......  so no pictures  (stuppid me!!!)
Debating stopping http://SteveIsaacs.tv.  Another camera? I don't know if I can go through all this again 
@alee_x I wanted to but I didn't  I was going to take a picture but my camera broke and my cellphone didn't have charge to take a pic
@sharpgary It looks good. A bit too much resolution for a sensor that small and no viewfinder... 
too many drops has had its toll: iphone camera broken 
@TwoSteppinAnt they took my camera away upon entrance. 
my camera broke 
Two more lens caps lost 
I was gonna twitpic one but my camera battery is dead..and its 2 blurry on the sidekick camera 
iPhone predictions made by @gruber make no mention of a front-facing video camera  http://bit.ly/zCHgI
End of a long day ... and, damn, i need a better tripod for my camera. The pics of the moon i took today are all sh*tty ... 
lost my camera  brand new camera.... This sucks!!!!  &gt;: P
@softenthesmoke same, i have 2 polaroid camera, neither with any film left 
@themightysan how do i change the from above camera angle? 
Camera died after the intermission. 
i need to take a picture of myself and put it on here. its so unfortunate that the camera i have is useless 
@sfinn33 I woulda but my phone makes a camera noise when I take pics, so thatd be too obvious lolol 
I really hope @jatheree camera comes up. We took so many great pictures lastnight.   i  ill be so sad if someone took it 
rather than showing-stage-showing-montage, with swooping camera moves. 
I think my camera is b roken  #tragedy
@Roial1 oh no your camera! I would be devastated!  if u get another one ur tripod will still be here waiting 4 u....
I wish I had a better camera! 
@DannyTRS find me a camera guy who will show up 
@krismac24 yeah me too! we need faster cameras! lol so disappointed that we couldn't get any video 
it's about that time... To look for a new camera!  congradulations winner to the last camera that got stollen! Have fun!
hey trish, i have my camera but dad changed his mind and i can only use it tonight and then its put away until my birthday 
lost my camera cable... it must be so scared and alone 
The screen just went black and now theres only sound. 
my digital camera died  other than that nothing much is happening.
mad I lost my digital camera 
I cannot find my goddamn camera. WHERE IS IT? 
I need a new camera 
@ThisIsRobThomas the first pic is right before u grabbed my camera that night I can't find the pic you took 
I keep on getting drawn in by amazing prices only to find the camera is body only... 
i can't find my camera. 
Camera, please be okay. 
i'm gonnna buy a new camera, little sis used my old camera and now it's gone 
i took a picture with @mattfazzi but i guess it didn't come out...it's not on the camera 
definately just heard his camera fall off the shelf 
I want a underwater camera 
Watching shutter... Absolutly shiting myself  haha
Camera offically gone dumped contents of my dance bag on my bed &amp; in addition 2 finding randum stuff i now have 2 wash my fave sheets 
I miss having a camera, sooo bad. 
urggg... camera's not co-operating with uploading photos for the site 
Nooooooooooo!!! I accidently deleted my fav picture off my camera!!  now I'll never get it back! Fuckkkk!
ugh i want a digital camera so badly 
@tweetdeck is too big for my screen 
i've lost the charger for my little camera 
Should have brought back up camera batteries... 
Only downers to trip most of rebas set was rained out, camera went missing &amp; sues laptop crashed 
r.i.p. camera i will never forget you 
i lost my camera :'( i wz gana take pictures  now my fun is ruined...
@_CrC_ my son just erased all my pics from my camera from 2 shows all 467 of them gone 
@eddieschramm edd i want your lens 
is very distraught. her camera might have met its end. 
needs help.  my camera wont focus.  ive tried both lenses i own and they will not auto focus.  i have a canon digital rebel.  help???
@TranquilMammoth I almost caught a picture of him, but there was a car behind me that didn't appreciate me looking for my camera. 
The book I was reading and my camera are all wet 
Driver just picked us up, after having a little chat with delta for losing one of the bags with camera equipement in it 
@matthewbuchanan wat still no flash extravaganzas? 
My iPhone camera is broken. 
new computer = no new camera.  
@jaayrawr no webcam right now 
@bitcrumb They have bigger screens than us 
don't remember when I started thinking spending so much money on so much crap became ok. I need to buy film for my new analog camera. 
I miss my camera  I hope it can be fixed...
wondering when can she save up to buy herself the DSLR 
i'm sad....the camera i looked at is out of stock at reliable places. ... 
@eliiiiza I've been without screen  how have you been?
They didnt have my camera  now off to cookeville
watched a hummingbird have a bath earlier.   No camera on me at the time 
no new DSLR body for me, have to get brakes instead 
$140 to fix my camera. 4 weeks sans camera. 
@leotraynor It's funny how we take our cameras for granted, while others have them smashed 
Shouldn't have procrastinated. @camera_obscura_ tix currently sold out 
so many snipers, and no camera 
@phel I want to show pics, but I don't have a camera.  
i can't load the photos from the camera 
@camera_obscura_ You guys should be playing pretty soon. So sad... 
@marrrieeex ahahahah that was a goodd one  lmfao! but sadly .. i didnt even have my camera with me 
@javserhard, i want to join that cool lookbook thing you're on, but i don't have a good enough camera. 
@mariejamito @moenette @jasmineraeKing I was just looking through our pictures on my camera and I miss you guys so much. 
@macbby11 like where to put my camera, i have a good setting with good lighting..but what to do with my camera 
camera broke during lil sis' grad, took FILs' camera to cabo and ended up shooting all pics in multiburst mode.   
@joelhouston Ah.... you blocked out the screen. 
My camera broke. 
Textures will have to wait... no camera to borrow 
my webcam died 
I need a camera thats why I dont have a pic of myself! 
trying to fix my camera. it dropped today in the train, and it won't turn on - problem is, the lens are sticking out. 
Mourning my digital camera and angry at the rowdy guy who knocked it out of my hand 
off to pick up my camera equipment instead of cuddling wit mia 
@withgoodworks at that time, I had a film camera, with 24 pictures. I haven't been up that way since we've had our digital camera. 
after 5 series of digicam, i still want one more cam..leica d-lux 4 
Webcam is dead 
We forgot the camera battery. On pictures to bring back 
camcorder is being mean  won't record sound onto comp 
@JasBrick I need to find a new microphone first. 
@RangerStation I know. If they should be using a screen reader, but they don't, there's not much I can do... 
Ugh my friggin camera is broken, lcd is cracked 
my laptop wont let me upload pictures off of my camera 
is confused with flash  i need to link all my animations with buttons to each other, BAHHHH!!
@penz87 when I fix my camera 
Needs to pick up the camera again 
my camera is nott workingngngngnng. -cries- 
Just tried downloading pics from old camera's memory card and computer isn't reading it, says there is no program to match 
@joshrbarnes I would assume that the gym has a security camera. I should ask for a copy. This isn't my first treadmill spill 
i cant get my mac to recognize my camera  and i took some really awesome pictures today.
i want a new camera 
My beloved camera ! 
My camera is hospitalised  #fb
@pombears shurrup! Just cause I didn't know!  you'll have to find a camera haha you can't pretend to take pictures ;)
Not able to find any 3025s with brown lens... 
How come my camera likes to fail when looking at a green screen? it upsets me. 
@SunnyBuns not a golf shirt my bb doesnt have a camera 
@kubocentral I've seen screen captures on what your saying, but that camera icon is not there. 
* cant upload my pics as i don't have the adaptor for the camera 
sadly..no camera to take pictures 
i dont have the dslr yet and im looking for lenses already. HAHA. i waaaaaaaaant them nowwww. 
I'm bored I feel like vaining using my webcam but it's disfunctional! 
my camera is broken -.-' can't make any videos 
@MaddieTravels I can do just the chat. I still don't have a webcam 
We need to reset the height on those cameras.... 
@kristenhul I've always wanted one!!! I'm excited that the new one is adding mms and a camera. The only thing stopping me is my contract 
@quadraticosmium honestly  all this camera talk will drive me insane
I've been trying to upload photoa on my comp. For weeks my camera isn't letting me 
:O my screen has gone white 
...great. lost my camera. and all the pics on it. 
@gheelovesyou haha it's a kinda long process (well for me, because i have zero patience) but i guess i like it? no video camera for us 
@mollykbales I'm flummoxed - the camera must be broken then 
@brokenaddict aw,  at least the camera is safe? you can make more memories and take pics. x
i want a webcam   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
uggghhhhh my camera died  no more twitpics for a while now 
my dad lied to me-he told me that he went to get my camera and they didnt have it ... and i called them just now and they did 
@TheDaintySquid I am sad.  You are sold out of large camera necklaces! lol.
I can't find my camera 
@SephoraJunkie I know and I was so exicted  but the video/camera looks cool.
so boredd  my camera sucks. i need a new one. any suggestions on good cameras? (under $200?)
i cut off my hair, it looks okay i guess. i need a friggen digital camera 
Downloading files from my camera... looks like it has been awhile.  I see snow and a dog that passed away months ago.  
Trying to get my flip video camera back to normal... 
have a headache from 2 many camera flashes for my ms pics!! 
I wish my sissy would buy me a bike and a camera strap  What's $160 between seesters?! haha
Camera just died, looks like it won't be any pics from me this evening  just bumped into @DecaturDan aka &quot;don't like nothing&quot;
don't you just love when you accidently delete all the images from your camera before unloading them to your laptop? 
http://www.adorama.com/NKFM10U.html - it's not a digital Nikon  but it's the perfect one to use for Photography next year. 
I feel like taking pics but my sister toke my camera 
@brokensadly don't forget your camera or i'll be a very saaaaad little girl. 
i want a good camera so bad  .... i need to get another job
left my camera in my friends bag, so no pics of dress to upload! (yet)!! 
http://twitpic.com/7sf5q - its mine, baby! from phone camera, so its not that good 
There was fireworks!! Finished before could reach camera though sorry 
any camera versed person out there able to tell me which DSLR camera I should get for cheap? 
@buffyfest Unfortunately not  I had the camera but not the chance to take photos,another had the chance but didn't know there was a camera
@olixx It's the same resolution as my previous screens 
@GewaVeizer  fucking webcamera? 
and i just realized that i forgot my camera 
@Miighty_B my camera's broken 
#openvideo stream went down  @mindzb, did you break the camera?
@yaj1285 It came with a zoom lense. I bought the case and memory card separately. There goes all my money. 
@Digeratii the updated camera is nice... but it still doesn't make me a good photographer at all 
Where is my camera? 
I need an external microphone that works 
@amjad248 yep,,,, tried to overcome this issue previously by integrating a night filter to the camera, but never worked out 
@kirstyandrews are you taking a camera tomorrow? because my sister's has no batteries so me borrowing it would be pointless 
Flipart is making fun of me...they said that I need to get a better camera 
still pissed off about the cam. 
My computer is being annoying and not letting me upload from my digital camera 
@PicSeshu But there's no chimping on that cam 
I think my point and shoot camera is dead! How am I going to take videos now? 
looking for my camera!! i lost it  i needa find it before ONE tomm!
My tripod is broken. 
i want a new camera but i guess i've spent the money on my teeth. 
@tezzitoo it was all a bit confusing - I actually brought a camera with me for you to use, but never got around to giveing it to you! 
Why do SLRs have to be so expensive?  http://plurk.com/p/12b83i
I really need my digital cam 
Still down about that Traffic Camera 
It feels so weird to go out without a camera 
@DanielMendez22 sorry no pics, my camera died as soon as i got there 
@egolikeness sadly my camera broke 
Neckbeard was hot, but two of my cameras ran out of bateries. 
Holga does not like overcast day 
I really need a camera with a serious macro mode to focus on the seat in front of me 
I'm now the proud owner of a Nikon D60 DSLR, woo! I'd head out to take some photos if my car started 
@soBOMB  I wish I was coming... I just left the studio. We was live one cam
No pics tonight cuz I left my camera battery in the charger at home 
and i lost my camera last night 
The problem with using a mac and an avi video camera is having to whack everything into visualhub before usage.. 
@30SECONDSTOMARS We can't - at least those who don't drive. No cameras or cell phones are allowed so I wont be able to take any pics 
Camera just dropped out of bag!!!! About to cry if it's broken 
I still can't believe I had my palm on the lens when I took my picture...  the camera was too small
@bellexx nope didnt find my camera 
picked up my camera from my mums, loads of pics but can't find any batteries to get it to work  boooo
Off to the sprint store to see if they can figure out y my camera doesn't work 
OFFICIALLY needs a second screen 
@Snowshadow The video is good; but no antishake  the small cameras with video almost seem to be better with runcasts.
@nappturalbeauty I lost my camera 
I forgot the camera battery today.  
@matt_stiles no cameras allowed at #usopen! no photos  also can't bring cell phone or lawn chairs!
Unfortunately the camera lens has a scratch so it needs to go back. 
ugh, i cannot find my camera charger. 
i have no zoom or flash on my new phone...disappointed 
cant hide cameras in my clothes tonight  its up to chuck and toby
damn i can't find my camera transfer cable.. i have a ton of pics that i did a photoshoot last night and i cant upload them! 
just had my identity, camera ipod and wallet stolen in 15 mins. 
I can't find my camera cord thing 
Ooooooops kinda split my blue charge all over my new camera  but at least it semlls nice now !
just made a massively cute swimsuit coverup. wish i could post pics, but no camera  also, no swimsuit to wear with it.
i need to charge my brothers camera soon.. mine broke again  thats 3 cameras i've been through now :S
So like twitter is not letting me upload a picture   I took it with a camera phone..it's not letting me do it...any other suggestions?
I think my camera died 
I wish I brought my tripod I wanted to take pictures in lost hills 
I want a videocamera! 
aw so sad my digital camera went from kinda crappy pictures to not taking any  this is why I cant have nice things!!!
http://twitpic.com/7yagd - since my camera's screen broke, this is my only good picture of jesse 
broke my camera 
My camera needs new batteries 
i want a fisheye lens 
Would you like some booze, i broke maggie's camera 
upgrading my iphone... not sure what will be new, but I heard no video camera... 
cant find my camera 
@candycaneps I dont have any pics with you on my camera! It must have all been with yours 
@smilesbruises oh no, why no cameras? , it was because the venue was smaller? uuh  xxx
http://twitpic.com/7yqd6 - Finally got my camera! I don't know what to do with any of this. 
No camera guy  and I really want pics of sumo suits...
i won't have my camera until july 2 
@TahjMowryFan no pics I wasn't allowed to take my camera inside. 
@s2crespo3 @MissBacon i know! my bb camera is super fuzzy though. plus, we've been handling a few emergencies so we're mad distracted 
@AlexAllTimeLow im a hulstlah but i dont have a webcam 
I think my digital camera is dead. 
@montipython yes again! i wont have my pictures up until late tomorrow, i'm on my laptop in the hotel but i forgot my camera cord 
This screen dissappoints me.   http://twitpic.com/7zcbf
But when you do have a camera less funny things happen. 
boo @kimloves you totally promised to open the package on camera!  I wanted to see your reaction. 
@omgcool i want a lomo camera 
I had a blast for my birthday!!  it was great! I can't find my camera 
The modern look at religion is... through a digital camera 
@frenchiie. Do you know where my video camera is? I cants find it 
@Hantastik my camera broke just before i tried to take a pic for the kris vid too.  
my camera died right after demi  i need wembley photos
A dead camera battery and a missing charger makes for no pictures at the airport this morning  
so... last night I broke my camera... 
I'm camera-less for about 3 weeks 
@katyelizabethh my camera card is still not working 
@Princewife i know  can i live in your basement? at least can i leave my camera there?
@STAWPITemily  your two purty foar your camera.?
@sunshineliron I finally got my webcam working and you disappeared 
Its starting to rain. Camera has to go bye bye 
@pascalgrob i'm so sorry about your camera...    but, where? it was with violence?
...loading a pic up, when my webcam would work... 
@Chaos33176  At least You wasn't one of the ones who go on there snitching on camera. They could @ least ask for the camera's to leave.
I wish I'd bought my camera to the beeeeach 
@iheartpreston no cameras allowed  very strict...
@JenJan noooooooo! my old palm could twitter. just the camera sucked! unless i was in pure light nothin was coming out 
Doing some archery, just chillin during 30 30 time, arms are sore from holding the camera, @xstefakneex is still asleep 
Man, I need my camera fixed 
@BabyPatches  I am tryin to get pic of her  but she is camera shy 
@evargas  the iphone camera doesn't has zoom! 
@charlestrippy never mind i failed  i did not hold the camera to the side long enough for it to switch to wide screen ha
@ShutterSisters should be fun! glad you are here! (now if only i had a camera besides my iphone!)  #gno
@PapaRoachWhore I don't have a camera  lol srry
Trying to fix my camera.....lost over 500 pictures 
just got flashed by a shit yellow camera. 5mph damn you 
ughh!! just when you thought you caught up. your backup camera dies on you  looking for a used 40D or 30D
havent tooken any pictures of people in a while. well i cant really find my camera 
I need a camera a 
shopping for a new camera since I broke mine 
The lens cost double of my frame. I'm blind as a bat n astigmatism is an old old friend of mine.  http://mypict.me/5z2g
I want my camera 
deliberating on whether to save up for a new camera, or for a laptop  but i want both!
just a little upset i had a chance to take 4 or 5 really cool pictures, but the camera on my new phone is a little on the crappy side.    
is researching 'tinternet for replacement camera, smallest child has completely destroyed current one, small budget though 
@lissmdb you will find them on facebook later. I didn't bring a camera 
@kayotickitchen ... I crushed my camera so I will see what I can do. The zoom is not all that great now 
Wouldn't you know it! I bring up my camera at the last minute for some night photography and the battery is too low for it to work 
my fckin 300 dollar camera is fck'd so bad 
Camera was on the fritz at SPTechCon... no pictures came out 
is annoyed that argos have run out of the camera she wants 
I hope I didn't lose my camera by the river!! 
@underexpose  long GFJM09
@RobLane good good. I'm ready for my closeup.... 
Just bought a new camera 
I love how in westerns they slap a blue filter on the camera and call it night 
Finally bought a digital camera 
My sissy sha' is so funny...I can't wait 4 u guys 2 meet her...sorry I forgot my cords 2 my camera...pictures will b up when I get home!! 
Camera one at hsm tonight. Ahh! 
Photoshopping is fun ... but still best to get it right in camera first and then play 
@shafiedotbiz terus terang... i dont like to lie  (cam bgs je ayat)
aww I love my new camera!!!  
i think i ruined a few photos from my first (highly experimental) roll of film. hmm. taking my camera to the farmers market today 
I am up! I still can't believe that I have dual screens! 
new camera soon ? stokkkkkkked! 
Like a camera, use negatives to develop. 
um. Just bought another camera. 
http://twitpic.com/3pd5a - makapu'u beach 2... my camera phone is awesome capturing blue 
@tabloidterror chu best bust out the sumet special for the DQOS...I have camera and will be taking photographs 
@musey I've thought about setting up a camera before actually, the stupid things the 2 of them do sometimes, it would hilarious 
@donmilleris society looks down upon old guys using their camera phone to take pictures of little children. just so you know 
@jaxjaggywires wish I had a video camera way back when you were little and loved that movie! feel better 
@maaaarit just uploading my pics from last night from my camera, then I'll send them to you 
just seen my nephew take his first steps on webcam. What a wonderful sight to wake up to 
@djjustinsane ohh i will, i plan on it..... camera is in my bag  i hope wellingtons going well
good things  1. found my lens cap! 2. i love my camera so much
@cannos ultrascreen turns out to also just be a really big screen.  I like XD3 better. 
you mean the microphones stand that nearly fell over? You guys held up pretty well through that incident 
@Svajen you're welcome  what kind of camera do you have?
Our new cameras are in - an av geek in a candy shop   http://yfrog.com/55ihsj
Yays! My pink camera works again  still cleaning..
@lalahhathaway. Be sure to smile for the camera 
i like picasa. anyone with a google email and a digital camera should use it. 
i need few peoples for my next video! if u have a camera and can record a quick thing 4 me let me know so I can tell u what  thank u xoxox
Working on massive laser powerup that destroys half the screen 
@acatinatree very impressive! that's a real tv camera you're standing behind 
@skyeye1996 I love you! I missed you out tonight, darling! I brought my camera!!! 
@ScottSharman ahhh the old new-camera-guilt-shopping trick. I know that one well  
Uploading pictures from my camera to my laptop 
Is it wrong to spend more on a lens than I did on my camera?  By $400???  
@hrider nice shot  I need a macro lens...
i need to buy a camera and make video's 
@graceinyoface You should be upset! But hey, the wonders of the internet are still alive and well... And I'll be there with my camera. 
Camera and equipment insurance sorted for another year 
i need a new digital camera to replace the one i lost when i was drunk. anyone like to donate any money? 
@drellbee when are we going lens shopping? I want a macro now - i will research 
@emjaystar haha thanks  yep definately a dream come true!  So excited the camera was shaking when i was taking a photo!
needs to stop taking photos with other people's cameras!  luckily, photos have been delivered 
brought some new glass for my camera 
In bed eating chocolates after 2 super parties, yay  playing with the new camera - could I be an amazing photographer?
@missjo_ladie haha, I've got my camera and lenses ready! 
waiting for the battery to charge for my new DSLR 
but no, i really do. long exposures with no tripod, not looking through the viewfinder, unfocusing. its great 
@LizLemonCologne take your camera and take some pictures 
@F1ReMaN @fring can afford better cameras...  
When the weather is this good, my friends all hide from me. I'm on the prowl with my camera, and they're all shy! 
@PelleB if only there was a place I could go to casually! Have the sony &amp; canon DSLR's blame the crap pics on the cameras 
@meteorit hi, whats your thought on the nikon Coolpix P6000 Digital Camera? btw.. hope your well 
@sshawnn problem solved.  needed to import from a video camera.
@mydreamandi You can upload dailybooth pictures from your camera! 
@SatineCM &quot;readies camera for arrival of office robot walker&quot; 
@cheergod2002 and you don't have a webcam why?? 
@veahsmoma I got me a new camera so I'm uploading mad pictures tonight 
@xjanehuntx I do not take photography!  I just pick up a camera and snap things that interest me, thank you 
on cam with the biffle 
@lovebuglindsey ok, then I will bring my camera, but I will hide it on my jacket hahaha hope it works 
http://twitpic.com/5cktf - @snapitsmikka took this picture of me.  she's awesome with a camera!
@i386 I love that flash animation 
morninnng. getting readdy. going to get my neeew camera wittt my dadd  then... iddk?
@lilyroseallen with a camera of course 
@chocokat718 what nonsense, why pack clothing? just camera gear and do nude shootings 
@PauldeCabDriver smile for the camera! 
of the screen 
Buying a digital camera off of ebay so I can finally take good picts and document my life. 
Transfering photos from the camera(s) to the computer 
@alexalbrecht You should get both cameras! Then you can decide which you want and then send me the other.   
@SharieUduman i'm not rascist, camera is 
http://twitpic.com/5ez7m - i got a brand new camera!! yayyy 
http://twitpic.com/5f02v - I wanted to give you a smile, but the cam just went off before I could. oh well. do you like it? 
And here at beer i an wearing my twitter shirt and have my camera 
@skyvan I shoot macro all the time. I use the nikkor 105mm f/2.8 1:1 lens 
Spot the @grabaperch screen shot, slide 29. 
@greentm it's all in the mind of the reader not the writer ;) I can't help what you think I wrote  We was talking zoom lenses is all ;)
That'd be so awesome. That said it'll be amazingly awesome enough to have blink back on our screens!!!!!! 
@katiemorrow I have heard if you throw it against a concrete wall that it will force eject everything in the camera! 
Playing with my new toy - I bought a new camera today 
@xojonasbrofan : my webcam ... sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't . that's so weird  but anyway it's fun 2 chat with u! love you 2&lt;3
@itsonlywords I'd like to know what you find out about the cameras - maybe even under $100? 
yes we will, im charging the camera right now 
polarize pictures  I'm looking foward to buy a polaroid instant camera &lt;3
camera charged and full 4gb memory 
YAY webcam udh bener! works perfectly 
@paulbradshaw i use it all the time- recording interviews, backup camera, even for publishing. Tweeting from it now. 
#postdigital event is being filmed on a flip camera! expensive cameras need not apply! 
http://twitpic.com/5oqcb - 5M Camera in water-proof casing (up to 25m) - decent quality shots, easy for students to use 
@johnkung I would be very angry if I went through a speed camera at 11.2km/h and got a fine! 
@sophias_place That is beautiful! Wish I had a camera that good 
I'll bring my mom's camera tomorrow. 
I wish I was a guru    I might just ask for a good camera for my grad present!  Goooood  I D E A !
still looking for a digital slr camera. anyone who would like to give me one for christmas? please? 
I want a new (good) camera! 
