Most common words for this cluster:
[('can', 477), ('please', 37), ('someone', 36), ('anyone', 27), ('u', 26), ('day', 19), ('today', 18), ('tell', 17), ('i', 15), ('na', 12), ('time', 11), ('help', 10)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Can', 0.999961793422699), (u'Could', 0.8039334416389465), (u'Did', 0.7332255840301514), (u'Should', 0.7101802229881287), (u'Would', 0.7065697312355042), (u'Do', 0.7011029720306396), (u'Will', 0.6928985714912415), (u'Does', 0.6874827742576599), (u'Might', 0.6862754225730896), (u'Want', 0.6430554986000061)]





Can anyone recommend an air filter for cigarette smoke?  Neighbors smoke heavily &amp; my son's asthma has gotten worse.  Needs steroids now 
@matt231 I still don't understand  Can you get me up to date, please?
Cannot find my sport shoes  was ready to go for my first open-air running 2009.
Can not get motivated to go train.....     
@LadyFro  Can you not access my profile?
Can I drop my phone even more?  No white screen yet.
Cannot figure out what I have eaten today that had upset my stomach. 
Can this day be anymore hotter?! 
Can someone explain blip.fm to me? I don't get it 
is missing Can terribly! 
Can the week ahead please be an emotionally stable one? I can't keep up with rehydration after several tear duct malfuntions 
Can`t tweet of something.  Awwww.
Can i just say for today my face still hurts 
@ihatemornings Ach.  I've been trying to see if I can make it- I'm still not sure   Can I play at the next one?
Can I be disillusioned and sad for just few minutes? I just had my hopes frustrated and I need some time to digest it. 
Can anyone access thepiratebay.org 
Cannot wait to be able to drive, hate waiting for buses 
Can someone pls throw me a doggie bone, cheese burger, and or a damn pickle!!! Anything will do at this point. 
@lilyroseallen it won't let me add you on myspace. I'm quite sad  Can you fix that?
Can thingss get anymore shit than they are really really hope not. 
Can somebody bring me panadol and cigarettes?  And a cuddle!
Can postpone the inevitable no more... time to start studying... 
@Neekatron  Can you tell us what it was, now?
@GiniLovesJonas Can you please put a photo of me on my twitter page again? It disappeared and I miss it 
Cannot push the L1 button 
Cannot sleep worth sh*t which really sucks cuz I'm sick and need my sleep. I kept waking up worried 
Can feel its going to be a long boring day 
@cdankski Your vid is marked private!   Can you please change the permissions so we can watch?
Can has cute boy plz? This is killing me 
@MrsHeikkinen  Can you find a travel agent with whom you can share your desired parameters? That can really help!
@shar69 I had to look. Can I just hug him? 
No red bull    A double shot of espresso should do. Can you make it from dry freeze instant granules????
Can I skip the next 2 weeks and just go home now? plz? 
Cannot actually keep my eyes open.., I feel like shit 
Can people stop tweeting and twitpic-ing about food... I'm starving 
Can someone please bring a 4pack of red bull I feel like ima pass out at work 
@tonyafathead you are absolutely, positively, 100% correct. Can I come back inside the house now? It's cold in the back yard. 
@espinosa22 Now you just hurt my feelings .... cause I'm not. ... but I am.   ... Can we make up now?
Can you reply to someone elses twat? I don't understand this! I would rather be where I was a few hours ago 
Can anyone tell me what #twittertakeover and #vampirebeatles are? I feel out of the loop 
Can I have a redo, please? 
Can this day have a few hours added to it please. I don't want to sacrifice sleep for paper writing or studying. I have a headache. 
@bellereed thanks mate... Can u still believe waiting... I think I'm lucky last 
Can anybody help me with my wlcomm.exe win live messenger error  so frustrating.
Cannot brain. I have the dumb 
people...i need a nice format for my resume urgently...Can anyone help...its been two years since i made one 
This hangover doesnt seem to want to go. Can t wait for this day to finish... 
Can feel illness coming on. 
Can...not...walk.... 
Can I come home?? 
Can someone tell me whats wrong with me. 
Can someone help me? im finding it really difficult to uplaod a photo 
@SlateinGray O.O... Bunnies?!?  I love bunnies! Can I have a bunny? Can I? I'm allergic to dogs, so I can't have a puppy. 
@SirEdwardCullen I know.  Can I sleep next to you??? forever.... =/
@_the_answer what about @DrGray10?? Can I come too? 
@kosmicblues @athena2824 Can I haz hang out with you guys too? I feel left out yo! 
Cannot believe I have to go back to work 
Cannot actually imagine going into varsity in this weather 
@ffarrales poor fe! I think I left my sunglasses at your parents. Can you ask them? They are black and white.  okie I love you dear!
Can someone try tweet me  my twitter isn't working and I think I am going to cry 
Can barely turn head, bloody muscles 
Car MOT'd and required repairs paid for. Can collect and then not drive because no pol to accompany now.  bus ticket fail, place is shut.
@AceyBongos @majornelson @MrPointyHead @SuperKaylo any plans to get inside xbox and other vids on web at all? Can never get them to play 
Can mom's run away cause I need to get away!  I can't take it anymore 
@jchavannes thanks jean!!! Can you come back from korea already 
Decided to hav chicken noodle soup to keep energy up. Can barely swallow it  plus it tastes horrible grrr
Can you believe I have the heat on blast in my car?  
Cannot be assed with English Lit tomorrow.. just why? 
@ellayuhui I just drank some espresso, but I'm still sleepy.  Can we swap metabolisms?
Can u say hi to me now @aplusk ? 
@AGlasgowBoy Can bearly walk. Looks a lot worse now too. 
Cannot #sleep at all 
@punk_beatz I just told them I couldn't afford that and they would have to re-approach the landlord. Can barely afford the rent as it is! 
Cannot believe i feel like this on the last day! 
Can  I make it to the gas station?  http://twitpic.com/5os5v
I'm half way through the 1000 spam comments pending in wordpress, since aksimet was down on he back end.. Can only do 20 at a time 
I hate waiting!!! Can I get some service please!!! 
@MarioSoulTruth Can u do another one? I really would like a call 2. 
Can someone scare me? I have the hiccups 
Cannot sleep at all 
Can never fall asleep and stay asleep  ugh
Can I borrow a cigarette off someone? 
Cannot sleep. 2+ hours of tossing and turning. 
Already 26.1c in our office. Can people melt? We're fighting for air con because fans just don't help, but can't find the budget 
Can I get some gd news for gods sake 
@thejiggerjames  not the same.. Can we party tonight jig
Haih.. Cannot sleep lar.. 
Can feel a headache growing. 
I would get a lot more done if I could list items on etsy on my phone. Can do everything but upload pics 
Can we freeze time this weekend? I wish I knew how 
Cannot believe that two thugs would beat my friend to a pulp after breaking into his new house to steal a bloody ipod 
Can still hear a pulse in my ear.. 
I am lonely... Can you write back?  (via #zenjar )
Can we take a minute and talk about how stupid I am?! 
Can any1 see my picture (aka not the black/white one) cause I can't. 
Can the weather pleeaassee get hot again?? I'm so tired of  all the warm clothing 
Can`t find my phone. 
Cannot believe how hot it is and I can't even have a proper drink today  so so worth it though!
Can we people stop wounding me please  spymaster is going to get very annoying - well done to the creators!
@posterous Can I only have 1 bookmarklet? I've set it up on my browser at work and now I want 1 at home and it's nowhere to be found 
@mixcloud it seems only way to follow ppl in mixcloud is to visit their profile.     Can you at least add this option into the player too?
Cannot sleep 
Can dogs get colds? because i think mine has got one 
@KaseySmith Can i come over? I dont have a pool  boo LOL
Can someone help e find ParkeBooth? It's pissing me off now I can't find him 
Can someone help me find ParkerBooth I can't find him . I'm getting really annoyed  PC is being so slow 
Can I survive being a cashier again? I just don't know...  I hate being poor!!!
@EllenMichelle Sounds fantastic!!! Can you help me with my twitter picture..nothing is working 
Can some kind soul please upgrade one of my fansite galleries for me (bryce-howard.com)? I'm having the most difficult time doing it 
Can you bring some deoderant when you come back later 
@AQuietMadness  just block everyone out. Can you escape somewhere if you need to?
Can anybody plss teach me maths? 
Can anyone get on?   This is b.s.. 
anywho, night all. Can feel a hangover coming on for tomorrow and working tomorrow woop, not  x
@twenty6la --u guys are moving?? Can u move back to guam??  *mishu!
Why am I always to blame? Can never please anyone...always doing something wrong apparently 
Can not believe it's 12 am and i'm still awake maybe its cuz of my upset tummy 
Cannot believe what alex just told me... This is my life 
Can not figure out how to load pic on here 
Cannot sleep 
Can we go back to the days our love was strong? what happened ba? I really need some clarity. 
Can people I use to know stop getting fat as fuck? Jeeebus!  I'm an ass. 
Another day of lugging sleepers around   and they are heavy. Can hear my back creaking already
Can i have some too? Omw to work 
If you were at envy and you have my I.D. Can you let me know please! I thought I had it and I don't 
@jonhickman that's just wrong! Can you picture it? 
Can anyone else not sleep? 
Can you get dizzy out of eating too much oyster?  my last nite in bali....
Cannot believe we have school tomorrow  (N) xxx
Where did d weekend go? Can some1 please tell me.. 
@ironman_333333 I want your number  Can you @REPLIE it to me ???
Can someone tell me how to fix my picture!!?? 
I'm starving, but I don't know what I feel like eating. Can someone please come over and feed me? 
Seems like ages since I've been on here... Can tell by the billions of tweets that I don't have that I've been missed  LOL
Can the weekend really be over already? 
Can barely breath  yet I didn't run as much as if I had asthma
Cannot sleep and still awake.. And i hear adzan's subuh rt now.. I'm not sure I can go to campus this morning.. But I have to.. 
Can I tell y'all a secret? I kinda miss LHCF. 
@MTVmovieawards it only says the video isnt available in your country!  Can anyone help?
@glennbeck I can't make it to the main one or the replay..   Can I get access online or by dvd soon after?
Can already tell the trains going to be roasting 
Cannot sleep. 
Cannot believe it.. I am actually putting my effort into completing my tutor homework 
Cannot sleep 
Can everyone playing #spymaster *please* turn notifications off? I'm gonna start unfollowing a load of people if I keep getting spammed 
Cannot find Azumanga Daioh box set 
@miss_tattoo Can you upload the vid of his broadcast???? I missed it too 
@dian_yach @quinn_keshalyi Yes it is...  (not gonna cry again. not gonna cry again) Can we just invite them over to party with us?
@ramaro17  i am so upset,sad and pissed! Can u believe that?
 Can I join you?  {*_*}  KarenWild
Can not believe long weekend is over  &amp; parents are leaving tomorrow for european adventure &amp; i wont see them for 2 years!!!!!
Can anyone see my default yet? I think its still missing. What the heck is going on? 
'Is it oveer yet? Can I open my eyes?' , that's exactly how I feel !! 
Cannot believe it is past 2 already!!! I wasted the day stuck behind a desk writing reports 
I hate moving. Can someone please unpack and put everything away for me 
Can i just say that my soon to be ex boyfriend's small penis made me celibate and bored me as well 
Can i just say that my soon to be ex boyfriend's small penis made me celibate and bored me as well 
Can you guys please say a little prayer for me to get a job this week? Things are really tough right now! 
Can i cry with you  
Not been posting much. Can barely keep my computer awake for a minute at a time.. She's dying 
Can feel her arteries clogging from the fried tempura bananas 
Can`t sleep in my room tonight because of the stupid paint job which smells like utter shitt. 
Can I scream? Pretty please? 
Can hardly hear out of my ear 
@IrisJMacro aww... I'm so sorry  - Can you try again?
Cannot handle this heat anymore! 
Can believe I missed shopping with @LisaTefft today.  ugh!!!
Cannot sleep 
Can anyone tell me how to update my profile?? everyone else has info about themselves and i can't seem to do it on mine 
I already miss you @meganpaige. Can you forgive me and be my friend again? 
@HoboGal I have once. They claimed they never got my order  Can u just call them directly?
@_interrobang oh, no.  Can you find somewhere else to live? 
Can not believe that @spencerpratt and @heidimontag have quit already oh dear  wonder what happened????
Cannot sleep. This is getting rediculous. And to make matters worse...I have no more orange juice 
hmm.. i 've got trojan on my work pc. and my anti-virus says its quarrantined  Can anyone tell me if this is safe now?
Can I quit my day job please? 
Can really screw things up sometimes. 
Cannot find my nail-cutter need it urgently !!!!!!!!!!!   
Can it be friday now? 
Can you imagine standing in a line for 3 hours? Then when you reach the goal, it took only 3 minutes? = my feet hurts. 
Can you imagine standing in a line for 3 hours? Then when you reach the goal, it took only 3 minutes? = my feet hurts. 
I'm freaking starving ! Can lunchtime pllllllzzzzz come 
@icuellar101 not fun  But I also don't like laying on the bed trying to squeeze myself in jeans that don't fit! LOL! Can u picture it?
The less-than-four hours of sleep I got last night is starting to take its toll. Can I go home to bed now? 
Can we keep the ads down to like a few per day? I think I'm getting spammed to death...not a pretty way to go 
Can' t see to fall asleep 
Can' t seem to fall asleep 
@judis217 @ryansmiller Can you have multiple filters in tweetdeck? I need to filter both sponsored tweets and spymaster now 
Ugh, called in 1 day from work &amp; today my desk is covered w/paperwork along with a shh load of emails to reply to!! Can u say &quot;regret&quot;  
Can find any music that sounds good while I work 
Can someone help me figure out how to load a damn picture on here??? I'm really NOT this dumb 
Can someone please give me some upper lip  http://twitpic.com/6p1ub
@Nerdymusicazn I wanna naked hug.  Can I haz one?
Can I go to bed yet? I have been thinking about a nap since I got up this morning  I'm seriously just having a blast right now!
@Sophiesmichael Can we please change the movie?? 
is getting ready to go to work  Can see it being a busy day...
Cannot figure this out at all 
Can hear the birds chirping away already.. 
Cannot be fucked getting up and ready  x
@LMStellaPR Can big ones use the vapour rub too? I'm full of cold now as well 
Can I be #McDonalds intolerant?... It's official: small pleasures are off limits to me 
Should be strong. Can`t. 
Can someone give me 50p on paypal plzzzzzzz i beg 
&amp; yes u can't just leave some 1 if they have psych issues it could put them over the edge. Can u see y I feel trapped. It's difficult 
Can`t believe how tight my chest  is today, been on inhaler all afternoon, must be change in weather  
@ddlovato Can you guys PLEAAAAAAAASE make a youtube video?! PLEASE!!! PLEASE! PLEASE!!!!!!!! 
Can we come in? 
@MoneyMone I'm soooooo sad!   Can we go there again???? I really wanted to be there!!!
Cannot sleep due to a party next door  hope to survive tomorrow without much sleep have to get up 7am for karate  and it is my birthday
Can not open twitter web page.... 
@car4dave oww...  Can you access it on your laptop/computer?
Can anyone else log in to Halforum right now? 
@flarfu I fell asleep. Can you believe that? I'm still in mourning... I would google it but my computer cant handle it 
Can not believe this weather! thunder &amp; lighting &amp; heavy rain! weres our sunshine gone? 
Can hear thunder outside window, just thinking I should have purchased that generator ahhhhhh... I can foresee no electricity for hours 
Can not sleep  i do not know if i will sleep all night/morning 
@catarina5 do u still think it was better for u to leave him? I cant concentrate.. Can u help me? 
@ebase 'Fraid not   Can you email/tweet updates you want?
Cannot stand days when he sleeps in through church. 
@TinchenFFM tweet for me-I'll be out  !! Can try him an hour later!!??
My jaw is still swollen from the extraction of my wisdom teeth  cheeks rn't 2 puffy but under my jaw is still huge... Can ne 1 relate?
Can i just say i miss @LiiCkMiiDowN and @peacelovetylr 
Feels like wanna sleep again.. Can I just skip 2 weeks ahead and go straight to bali? 
Can I cry? I have soooo much study to do before tomorrow 
Cannot believe its monday already 
Eeeeew, the smell of cow poo is so disgusting! Can smell it from inside the train 
Can we just go back to when i didnt know anything 
@mrsgo4 No idea. @SLHamilton Can you please delete the first version of Two Princes? It's a way short one. 
Don't know why but i feel disappointed. I'm seriously cranky  Can someone make me consoled?
Cannot sleep. 
Can this day get any longer? 
Cannot stay awakee babysitting ahhhh save me 
Can never get past level 3 of sonic 1.... 
Cannot believe her little baby is almost 7 months its goin too fast  back to work soon im gonna miss out on so much 
Can anyone give me any ideas of cool stuff to fill my wall? Its so bare now! 
@dearfirstlove omg seriously?  Can you take a picture of it?
@HayleyNewland Cannot find anything about it on the web, I think we'll have to wait a year or so  Just like Friends will watch re-runs!
@MFundora13 Can I please see you sometime soon? 
Why why why!! There are never enoughhours in my day!!! Can I start tuesday all over again 
Stresssssssssss...I cannot get settled and calmed  down tonight. Too much going on. Cannot find my happy place. 
Can black people become Quakers? 
I have a headache thats lasted since this morning. I feel really crappy right now. Can i get some tylenol?! 
Just found out that I will be gone for 12 days starting this weekend. To a place I find completely uncomfortable.  Can kitty come with me?
@PoleSkivvies Oh no. I just saw the news about your foot. Can you still pole dance or have you been denied? 
Cannot sleep. 6am is going to be rude tomorrow. 
Cannot believe I've worked on one ridiculous database ALL day.....serious frustration 
Can I repeat again how much I hate where I live?!!!  
Can someone please feed me?  
Can you tell me some good songs? I'm bored 
@tommcfly jealous! Can i come in the studio with you one day?  please tom
Can see that today is going to be another boring one 
Can belive iv lost my b-line  now i have 2 pay full price 
@tastespotting Can you help me? I've submitted a post twice and each time it's rejected it says broken link. The link works for me 
@trialsmom nightmare  Can I help? We offer hosting and would love to chat to see if we can get you up and running?
Cannot be arsed with my driving lesson today 
Family buissnes is sometimes so boring  i want to go home. Can anybody help me?
@amandahaddix  I'm sorry. Can u ask for a do over?
@breenah  &lt;3 Can you talk to your doctor/prescriber about this? It could be you've gotten too used to it...maybe?
How does one clean up a room after finals? Where does one put all the garbage? Can one not just make a new carpet out of the papers? 
Cannot be bothered doing chemistry revision anymore 
@drusenko :  Thanks for the tweet!  Can you send me your email?  Things haven't been working right for a while and I'm frustrated.  
Can I go home now? 
It's very hard to get cleaning done with a crawling baby and no play pen.   Can we go back two weeks, please?
Can someone buy me cigarettes and bring them to me at bay? 
@OfficialJoseph Can you give us a signal or something that mean that you still remember us? 
Cannot sleep 
Cannot believe the Giants were demolished...had to leave after the 4th inning 
Can my back stop hurting for just a couple hours of sleep 
@MTVindia Can you provide some of them here... No TV here 
There's a line from a song on my first album that describes my tips for the night. Can anyone guess which line it is? 
@G1Neume Can you give me clan registration out. We made clan and need only clan registration   thx for answer :p
Cannot focus on work cause I miss her and cause I'm too tired 
@FxNxRl Can you bring your camera to the meeting? I forgot mine at home.... 
still HATES life very very veyr very much! Cannot wait to get away 
Llegue 1 hora tarde al trabajo jajajaja. Its kind of a guilty pleasure. I just wanted to sleep a little bit more  Can u blame me?
Can things get anymore worse for me today!! I really need a TWUG b4 I cry... I hate doctors always giving me bad news..    @donniewahlberg
@BrewGuy Can they follow me too? I need more followers 
I am in agonising pain today- my knees are killing me, not sure why. Can barely walk. I'm not exaggerating. I'm in pain just sitting here 
@rum4life Ohnoes  S'not good.  Can you not get back to sleep?  What time is it over thar?
Cannot get to sleep and its so late right now 
Can someone help me find a new office or billing job 
Can anyone tell me why people waste their time makin bogus accounts, gettin my hopes up that I have real followers? One word &quot;block&quot; 
Cannot sleep 
Can you wish me luck on a test tomorrow at school? 
Can not go to sleep! 
Just saw the @mileycyrus video the climb! I haven't seen the movie! Can u believe it!? 
@LiiCkMiiDowN Can i just say i miss you already 
@judyyesenia I know you are around there but couldn't find my way    Can you email me your addy so I can store it~Thanks xoxo
Can not be bothered with school 
Can tell term's finished - bloody busses 
Can anyone see my tweets? 
Can I hire a ghostwriter to write academic papers? I really really don't feel like writing anything myself 
Can anyone give me blogshops that sell food please please please  I know I'm gonna be fat but pleaseee
@fromthestars AWW  Can i help in any way? 
Cannot stand irritating buyers  
Can you click on setup.exe?  'I don't see it, I see setup.ini.' Can you read me what you see that says setup? 'setup.ini' setup.exe'  sigh
Can no longer claim to be cavity free.   It's been a good run...(and I get valium to calm my nerves.)
Can someone please tell me how to jailbreak a iphone, I've tried everything just about... 
Can I do anything right these days? Even when it's not my fault I still get the blame 
Can these bad mascara days stop 
Can this week be over already.... 
Can sum1 plz come get me I'm at west croydon bus station its cold my laptop has deadedout my shoulder need 2 pee and am hungry 
@goldnutto  .... there goes the neighbourhood... literally... Can i grab that wifi unit off you when your done...
Can I play piano on a bar totally naked??? I really don't want to go shopping 
Cannot find sunglasses...cannot be man in black for prom...will smith and tommy lee jones will have there heads in shame at me 
Cannot believe I am in bed already normally don't go til atleast midnight 
I'm so cold, my head hurts...should I go to my double header tonight? All I want to do is sleep. Can someone drive me home? I'm sooo sick 
Can someone describe the new bloc party single to me please 
@Graffititools Link not working!  Can you recheck?
@TaylorLautnerD Can u please follow me? If u did it would be so tight cause i only have 9 followers.  u would be the 1st famous person.
@christooopher Haha! Can never be excited about school. 
Can anyone tell me what is this tweeterbus, i don't want to click on the link.. 
Can somebody please tell me what the hell is going on on the causeway?! This is ridiculous, I want to walk my dog, bathe, &amp; go to bed 
Can I call &quot;do over&quot; for today?  I need to go back and fix a few things that I messed up today! 
Cannot sleep now 
@djmcaleese Awww. Can only use letters, numbers and '_' 
Can anyone tell me why all the photos on my tweetdeck are green??? It has been a long week but the last thing I need is green photos 
Can anyone else reach http://www.mailtribune.com?  I sure can't this morning. 
@stephromanski Not at mo  However, good talks with other handset manufacturers going on. Can you hang in there?
Can someone teach me how to twitter 
@MitchyD  But I like you and @BenKuchera ...  Can I come too? I'll talk about how much better you are than me also!
Cannot sleep  argh...
Squeezed into a pair of shorts today. I have a serious muffin top situation going on. Can you crash 'tone up' in a week?? 
@chaneed19 i see ur convos with na'tasha and I'm starting to get jealous. Can we tweet too please?! 
Cannot be satisfied. 
Can It be fixed? So bummed out 
@Ayvii Can you tell @SmoovezWorld that im sorry for laughing that hard about him getting fire from micky D's  its all love ;) ..lol
Can I go ride some coasters again? 
wanted to eat and eat. Can anyone just bring me out? 
Really yucky storm outside. Can only count to 2 mississippi before super loud thunder 
@Tarlene Can i say you something? I miss yoi alot 
Cannot sleep. Wish people didnt have to get sick 
Can you overdose on anti-histamines? These ones won't work 
Can no longer fall asleep to tv 
Can somebody tell me why can't I see my Friends or Followers list?  
Can someone give me a tickets for the forest show tonight, i need to get out the house  or does anyone atleast wanna come who can drive?
@driahades Oh no! Can you appeal? 
Cannot connect using aircard.. 
Can someone pllllllllllllllllllllllllllz come and wash my car today?!? She is sad 
Can my day start off any worse? 
Can someone *please* explain itunes to me?! I just can't find how to do what I wanna do.... 
@AlexNevamind        Can I got cry now?
Can my work day just hurry up and get over? 
Can some one call my phone? I lost it 
@Dannymcfly Daaaaaaanny! Can you say hi to me please?  If you say hiiiiii dani I will give you a hundred million dollars 
Can sumbody tell me how I can put a pic as ma background plzz 
Can i please rewind back one week? 
My foot is swelling again..  Can I be cute with flip flops and a butterfly cane?
my feet are swollen and blister covered.   But I must push on!  Can I just say, Birkenstocks are expensive and crap.
Can someone go to my contact me on my webpage and fill it out I think it is broken  www.tabmccausland.com.
Cannot sleep, wake up so early 
@sunshinelayouts I don't get it! set my time and location? What are they trying to do? Can you please elaborate 
@Shawtttaaay Can it be said too often?  Why does it have to be said at all?  
Can sum1 explain the difference between front end and back end coding? I don't understand 
@britter_bug Fo'real. Can you get that fixed please? I'm gonna be lonely without you. 
Can we fast forward two weeks please ?  extremely bummed.
@JaredRabinowitz Can you please translate?? I tried and it isn't working. 
Can I smell rain? I literally can't move the two foot required to lift the blind! 
Can anyone tell me where the search feature is in tweetdeck for the iphone/touch? If there's none then I'll just delete the application. 
@paulpicauly Still don't know how to tweet on gravity. Can only send replies  paris here i come!
Cannot sleep 
Can already smell my mothers cooking, shame I won't be around to eat it though 
Cannot tweet from my mobilephone 
@RebekahCheng Can only move into my swanky apartment on the 5th! Hopefully can come down before that but will need a place to stay 
I'm sneezing like mad now. Cannot take it 
Cannot find my drivers license, I very much hope it is still in the cash envelope from the bank in my car. 
@smaointe18fly awe who were you ment to be going to town with?! Can you log into live journal? If won't let me sign in 
Can I go home now??  , I'm bored and I don't want to fix the mens underwear. I have no one to talk to, everyone is sleeping =\ haha.
Cannot sleep  am twittering and listening to music to pass time xD
Can not study...what's wrong wit me ?? 
Can everyone see the layout now? It looks great...but only on ff3 and windows  can someone help me make it compatible in the other things?
@mayafish Can I just have an invisible unicorn? HAHA, fooled ya, I already have one.  But no one believes me. 
@AnnLinny @NinaCSch Can you girls believe it's not even a week yet since we last saw each other??? feels like forever 
Cannot wait to get in to bed  however I've discovered sponge fingers soaked in double cream with strawberries - best pudding ever!! #fb
Realizing some food co. r ruining cookbooks. They're changing product sizes so u pay same, but get less. Can sizes, etc r wrong in books. 
Can somebody say hangover  but it was worth it
Can i come? 
Can I just go back to bed, please? 
Can someone just send their personal massause &amp; chef over for a couple of hours please! I need my back worked out &amp; well stay hungry! 
@eleventyJthan Can I just say that I'm actually sad I'm not there to see it? 
Can someone make me dinner??????????????? paw--lease 
Can someone bring me something to eat? I'm so hungry 
Can`t believe there`s A(H1N1) in `taro. 
Can you bruise your tailbone by just sitting on your lazy ass?  I think I did   This brings me to a new low in athleticism.
Urggh. Can someone tell me why do i need to memorize these things!?? 
Can sleep tonight either. 
Can you tell how freaking bored i am  Its nt even funnyyyy!
Can anyone tell me how to get a picture on twitter? I cant do it, never works for me  .. xxxxx
Can not sleep and it's 3 :11 
@Schofe Can i get a spare blackbird please???? I dont live near sheffield  x
@p_cook oh noes!  Can i re-seal it?!
Can someone point out where the 'kick me' sign is on my back? I can't find yet.. yet it must be there. I want it gone 
Morning. Can we say Hangoverrrrrrrrrrrrr! 
Can I go back to sleep please? 
Can I get some followers I am new to this 
Can I go home yet 
Can you tell it's spring break here, boys are off school so I don't have to be up at first light and can actually stay up late!!!! 
The sun is shining! Can I get work squeezed into a morning and escape for an afternoons walking? 
Can we make a difference, today?! Just smile  www.troostgeschenk.nl
Can YOU name that pad!? 
Can you name more than 13 items?  http://twitpic.com/2ycjw
@BoogieMom Can we play? 
Cannot wait till fridayyyy. so far theres about 8 of us going to the premeire! hahah 
@ShannaMoakler This show is sooo good!! Can`t wait for the season 2 premiere!!! 
@JasonBradbury Can you pretend i tweeted something very deep and meaningful? 
@bradgal Can you just reply to them and link to here? http://twittercism.com/remove-mikeyy/ Thanks. 
Can anyone recommend a good sci-fi or fantasy book? I'm at a bookstore now 
Can we turn dailybooth into a daily slut fest?! 
Can everyone please @mrdzyyyrawr a *hug* please , or adleast  a few people  thanks
@AmberCadabra I make a really tasty fruit smoothie, crepes, and banana fosters french toast.  Can I be included #brunchrules 
Can actually hold down food today! Yay! 
@djmc YAY!!!! Can I be in the credits now? 
@TalyaGoldberg  Can you tell her not to go please  (re lil purple short)
@DaveCapo Can you expand on that question please? 
..when I am tired of things that surrounded my life,  I like to see pics like this. Can u point out where I am..?   http://bit.ly/dPUsl
Can you smell the sweetness of the soil and snow in the wind 
Can smell the salty air!   ~IBLMT 
@SweetSpiced Sounds good!  Can you remember what it's called?  i'll see if i can find it 
Can i go on tour with a rocket to the moon pleasee 
Can hear the birds chirping 
@FoxxySheist noo~ I don't wanna say goodbye to u! Can I say hi instead? 
Can smell starbucks a mile away  #fb
@davegarnar or how about you just pick something up. Can get drunk AND still play street fighter 
@markhoppus every day should be #hoppusday  you rock. Can we have a #trvsday soon hehe
@ThisChicsFlava Can I fit???? I wanna snuggle...motorboat a little. U know? 
@david_henrie  Can you do a shoutout to holland please ? You got a lot of fans here! 
 Handed in. Can relax a bit now.
Interesting. I type 'bike' i get 10 bike company followers. 'Download' gets me 5 IT companies. Amused.  Can you say 'keyword'?!
@millennialprof Can I have your old one?  
@lindsayrcg hehe, I can almost hear out of my right ear now  Can you yet?
Can someone chemics ? 
Can you get me a sub from subway when ur on your way home? 
Cannot wait to get all dolled up and go out tonight 
@xodedexo18 Of course you can come join our sleep-over!! Can you bring me a big dill pickle?! 
@chillman2 dude... Can you really be a bachelor at this point?? Don't worry about it. 
Can use twitter and likes it 
Can smell the roast lamb cooking...yumyumyum 
@DyShonPenn Can we get a video update after 
@SlashHudson Can I come play drums with you? 
@Janetrigs Is this boy u meet with u know.  Can u not tweet now???  
Cann't wait for no more work!!! roll on next thursday at 3!! 
@SlateinGray O.O... Bunnies?!?  I love bunnies! Can I have a bunny? Can I? I'm allergic to dogs, so I can't have a puppy. 
Can I please relax now? 
@vasbestkept You got skills like that!?!?! Can i get a plate?? LOL 
star trek was freaking awesome. &quot;Is there anything I can do for you?&quot; &quot;Can you fix my ears?&quot; lol 
@MitchBenn Can you write in a sax solo for me? 
Can I twitpic on a blackberry? Anyone please answer my question. 
@StephenCraig Can I write the script for http://submit.microspoof.net/ so we can just use our own? It will send you a email. 
@DemiLovato4592  Can you put it on twitpic. ? can i see it? 
Can it cook for me?  http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/technology/8046659.stm
@gannet_guts Who's talking about cloches? Where? Can I have one? They make me look more pixie-like than normal 
@portermason I just ordered one for my cat. Can t see why she wouldn t love it! 
Can not wait to be in new zealand 
Cannot wait for my holiday day...soooo excited looking forward to the scuba diving and snorkerling  woohooooo
@shawnieora you've got mail ;) This one is important  and its $9. Can you take a guess?
@Axelsrose Can you tweet me the link , when it's finished ? thanks 
@DonnieWahlberg so you made it of that boat in one piece then (well kinda since you're sick) Can you believe you did this? 
@flossa My right arm is 2cm shorter than the left. Can I play? 
Can I look at your whispering eye !!!! 
@ModelMandyLynn Can I go tomorrow please, princess? I'm a bit busy today! 
Can wait till pink 2morrow nite yay 
Can you believe i had to have a blood test today with parolee's getting urine samples! ohhh the horror 
@caregiving Can you tell I already have my fan on! 
@euractiv excellent  Can you give me a mailadres?
Can you tell I'm in a short break from my training? 
@tishdc haha np u r welcome! I have just followed u. Can u follow me back?  xoxo
@forkstyle That aounds great! Can u post any photos? 
@18percentgrey Me, too. Can we add some vodka 
@mrskutcher What happened? Can you give a link please? 
@alix_says Can I get some of that self esteme as well? I'm a loser 
Oh yeah on a lighter note, I'm in shorts and I'm not even cold! Can you say summer? 
@lindentreephoto getting in the way of work is one thing, but keeping you from hobbies?!? I'm just floored!   Can u twit me a sweater?
Can anyone recommend some sexy dancers for #followfriday?  ? http://blip.fm/~78rkf
Can one's wardrobe be considered complete without jodhpurs? I should say not! 
Can i just say i'm gonna try and be celibate too fuck dick... 
