Most common words for this cluster:
[('cant', 349), ('wait', 104), ('im', 31), ('sleep', 25), ('day', 20), ('today', 16), ('amp', 14), ('get', 13), ('lol', 13), ('na', 13), ('tomorrow', 12), ('x', 12)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Cant', 0.9258263111114502), (u'gerry_davies', 0.6285443902015686), (u'Good_onya', 0.6196996569633484), (u'Couldnt', 0.6007219552993774), (u'hahahahahahaha', 0.5944508910179138), (u'Absolutly', 0.5940526127815247), (u"on't", 0.5938217639923096), (u'Wht', 0.5898626446723938), (u'Uhmm', 0.5841238498687744), (u'Whaaaa', 0.583472490310669)]





Cant watch @twitchhiker as streaming banned at work  Hope someone records as MP4 and can email it to me!
Cant go to NYC next weekend 
Cant believe the cardinals have given up the lead and Im sitting here hoping they can get it back....... 
Cant wait to go to the NEW Yankee Stadium tommmmorow. I misss you alex. 
Guh! SOUNDERS!!!!!!!!! Cant do it without Keller.  I bought some Blue Rams today! Yay! New fishes!
The birds are tweeting n I'm awake. Cant sleep. want GCS. miss him 
Cant believe that the bbc dont do the grand prix in HD 
Cant sleep. Suffering from insomnia. This sum bullshit. 
Damn, i thought Yamadonga was on TV 2day! Cant seem to find it on any channel now 
i'm starting my workout today, I really don't want to go but I'm going to   Guess what tomorrow is. U2 concert tix go on sale! Cant wait!
Cant sleep. To much going on in my head. Gr. Gotta be up at eight. 
Cant Sleep and i dont know why 
@caseycakessxoxo that's tough.  Try explaining to him that you don't agree with animals being killed for us. Cant you cook your own food?
Cant be bothered going to work this afternoon,  xxx... BuT IaM sO eXcItEd AbOuT GoInG tO IrElEnD On ThE 7th Of MaY xxx &lt;3
Cant sleep. Delia (my cat) didnt come home 
Felicity, are you satisfied now? lol. Man, we havent done the handshake in ages. Cant wait to see all my buddies tomorrow. I miss them 
I hope I can get my new kitty to eat. I am looking up names for her.Shes scared though. Cant sleep without my Mimis 
@ruhanirabin  LOL I suggest you to take LAKSA............ God, I miss it! Cant buy the Laksa sauce here 
@Pink I miss London  Cant wait for you to be in Aussie land woo!!
Cant believe the similarities of 'Coraline' to my own novel!! Grrr, that's just spoiled a nice day 
Cant believe this weather...no BBQ Sundays 
Waiting for 3 am. Uh, so sleepy. Cant hardly wait for that 
@fourplaces Sounds perfect down at the beach Judi.  Wish we could have seen you last weekend  We'll catch up in Tulsa though, Cant Wait!
@PinkBerryGirl No its not mine, someone posted new designs on twitter. Cant remember who 
Oral pathology class going on.. Going to be 3 hour long one.. And phone battery is low. Cant tweet for more time 
REVOLUTION is coming up... Cant wait, but im writing 2 Exams that morning. 
@lovelynessa ohhh SNL!!!! i Cant Watch it!!!    im not live in USA!
Ugh... I need to move, get out of this ghetto hick town and meet new people. Im sick of it here.  only 20 more days. Cant wait...
&quot;Let the right one in&quot;!!! Cant wait to watch it 2day!!! Missing that special someone though 
@joyfuljeni-Apple blocking some songs from syncing to a non-apple device....  Cant we all just get a long???
@lrpw1302 Im covered in the bloody stuff. Cant use bathroom untils its dried. Children look on in amusement 
Low battery guys. Cant update you much longer. &lt;3 you all. Sorry i have been so vent absent lately. 
gig was great. Cant get new frontier out of my head now. Sooo tired though. About 3 hours sleep  adam duritz is a king x
Cant believe it! Woken up to Freddy P getting knocked out of Chopes 
Soooo miserable. :'( worst day yet. Cant wait to get better 
Just saw the last episode in this season of Lost. Incredible... Cant believe the next season is in January  
Just dropped off Roxy  my poor baby. Cant wait to get her back!
Cant find any friends   Either i have none or they're all still using that facebook SOOOOO last week! thats when work blocked access 
YUCK i smell like cig smoke  ghjkl. Cant wait to shower...in am. But stripping in bathroom, not taking these clothes near bubs.
2009 HOBY Seminar is officially over.  it was OUTSTANDING. Cant wait for next year.
@ABOMB87  I Wish i Could Say But I Cant 
Missing A Friend That I Cant Trust And Cant Talk Too 
Woken up. Cant fall back to sleep. So mad. Need to be up in 5 hours 
@hartluck yeahhhhhhhh..soooo excited to have you both here!!!! Cant wait for the P!NK concerts..wish i was seeing you as well though   XX
Cant believe Prison Break is over - Forever! it brings a tear to my eye 
I feel how the blood is getting pumped through my body. Cant move very well today. Want to go outside bt have to be attached to the pump 
Cant sleep .... My mind is still on the college sleep clock 
Spent the past few days trying out moblin and ubuntu netbook remix. Ubuntu way more usable obv. Cant get win7 to boot on netbook tho, boo 
@TheDollyRockers Heard ya on Radio 1! WKD Gals!! Cant remember u from Xfactor tho  xx
I miss Aaron..fuck it..I am saying his name on twitter  Cant wait till tuesday 
Cant go to bed  . Dnt feel good... Any help? -P3@C3!!!-
Cant seem to break the 85WPM typing barrier and not sure why. 
@ddlovato aaaaaaaaa Demi! whatever u wanna do is fine! crap ill wait!  Cant wait YaY!
AHHHH! Cant find anything because I have way too much open 
has now found a bug in the RHEL5 bnx2 driver   Cant handle high packets per second (&gt; 50k)
@shopronson I have placed an order with the HOH people, but they are taking forever to process it!  Cant wait to start selling it. xo
Up a little.. Good luck to tam and robert who each have 25% of me. Cant text at the table 
Cant find my red lighter that reminds me of Amy 
Cant believe Venus lost. A real shame. Smh. I think im getting sick  Had such a crap week, doesnt look like the wknd is gona be better!
@fresa80 I'd so be in Vegas but it's on our anniversary....  Cant get enough JK!!!
@SaadZaeem nothing much man, waiting for my Insurance card to come through... Cant get any workdone here w/o it... Redtape 
@TBEAustralia Cant wait for you guys to come on.  Too sick to leave house   Sucky!  Cant wait.  YAY Triple J live webcasts!!  
Cant go to #Bangalore Marathon. Very upset 
so bored. dont know what do a. Maybe  a home made porn with my  Friends brother ?   pS: Cant even spell 
Cant sleep, Just got dumped by that boy i love  x
Don't like Tweetie's new selection style. Cant really see what is highlighted. Liked the last style 
Cant sleep. My body just doesn't seem to want to. No one is up to talk to though 
Locked in a room. Alone. Cant go outside without looking retarded and they dont have E4 so i cant watch friends 
@dsthestar1121 I am good. Just here working &amp; is so beautiful outside. Cant even enjoy it  But I am glad you able to do things now.
Ready to get my fucking blink-182 ticket! Cant find them for sale anywhere yet tho 
Cant wait till dateline tommorow with T-Swift...sadly i have to tape it cause i wont be here 
@VICLLOYD I WANT!!!!! Cant find ANY out here in my size 
@siltoso Can You See My PIc?? I Cant See it 
Cant sleeep  Heartburn really does suck! Watching hollyoaks!
Cant believe the Cavs just lost 
Cant find anything to do.. staying in tonight.. Renting a movie.. 
Cant Cum  http://tinyurl.com/lnjhy3
At the airport. It's crowded. Cant wait to eat at the airport restaurant. Im damn hungry 
Cant sweep  Watching Ren &amp; Stimpy hahaha havent seen that show inna quick minute!
oh deary me. Hangover from hell. I feel proper sick and headache. Ergh. Cant be bothered to get up, work at 1 though  x
Cant wait to get back COD4 and MK 
@jamielomas Noooo! Cant you do a Den Watts in a few months  Hollyoaks will never be the same 
Getting up to go to the mall for &quot;the right&quot; black shirt  then off to SF to see my BH sisters! Cant wait! Someone bring a pink heart! LOL
Mr.Sandman bring me a Dreemzzzzzzz... @hismajestyandre have fun wiv MD tour am sick as HELL! Fuck!!! Cant see ya tomorro in Padova 
@atwossybookclub I haven't been added to your followers yet!  Cant wait to get in on d next book. Been studying for college finals til now
Exam 2morow   Cant wait to get it over and done with x
Cant believe BGT is over  . . .So glad Diversity won . . .
Exam week     Cant wait till its all over!
My Last night with my dog bellini tomorrow morning they will put him to sleep forever. Cant stop Crying 
Cant sleep..... Last night also at this time  feel not tired. Maybe try to read a boring novell.
Cant wait to lay her head down &amp; go 2 sleep.  Grandma Guiterrez's funeral is tomorrow.  She has been called back 2 her creature. &lt;&gt;&lt;  ...
Just got off fone wit Denny...Sad..Cant live thru summer w/out him... Only 2 1/2 days to spend with him... :'( Fones done need new 1 NOW! 
Hills was Amazeing. Cant wate till next season In the fall. Mtv movie awards now. Despretally wishing i was there. Dam flu.  
Cant believe LC is gone for good! 
Cant sleep  dk why . Trying to fall asleep.
Cant sleep. Apparently my body doesnt care i have to work tomorrow 
Cant wait until I can download the hills finale!!!!! omg still cant believe Lauren is leaving 
@PrincessSuperC Cant wait to see u on Britney tour. Especially as I missed seeing u on Rihanna's UK one due to Nottm date being postponed 
This day last year Croke Park 08.. Wat an amazing show.. Think ill watch that today.. Cant go out im BADLY sunburnt..  Ouch!
Need to get up and have lunch and shower. :\  Cant bring myself to go inside though. 
Lookin for an apartment.....Cant find nothing in my budget. 
ixnay on the ovingoutmay.  Cant bring the doggie.  Boohoo  I need to find a cheap house!
Excited for new moon - the trailer rocked! Cant wait for november  at least there's harry potter soon!
Cancelation!! We staying here until they come back from the liquor store  Cant wait til Oct 24!!
Layn in my bed . Tired as freak . Jus finishd up doing the cinderella ... My mom has gotta be bipolar !???? Cant tak it 
Deployment briefing tonight, it kinda made me sad  Cant believe that time is almost here
Cant sleep been thinking about Adam  xander is now up wtf? greeaatt....
Eck i hate getting up early  sucks. Cant wait for school to be over. But i hope i get a job even though i might have to get up early too
Might as well give up. Cant do anything right at work 
@ConnorHxcCHAOS I heard a rummer that izzy has cancer  im hucked on Greys Anatomy. Cant wait for the new season 
Future dad appt. Cant seek help from love alrd.  Tml Abg book in. Hehe. All e best love!:* - http://tweet.sg
@davenavarro6767 Sick show sunday in Detroit! &lt;3 it! Cant wait 2 see ya again! Wish I woulda been lucky enough 2 get pulled on stage 2 
@CHRIS_Daughtry Cant find it on Youtube and VH1 doesnt like us canadians! 
Shit my pants, Cant find my ipod! Im slowly dying. 
Cant sleep!..head full of NOT so great thoughts.. 
@Fee99 I Cant find it on either 
Cant be bothered doing Homework 
It wont stop thundering. Cant sleep  Better not storm tomorrow ugh.
@it_tel ahhhblessyou for coffee. Cant slow down for a bit yet. Understaffed at 2nd job 
Forgot my user and pass for twitter. Cant sign into the site 
Cant believe @fountain1987 is leaving Hollyoaks already :O NOOOO!!! 
Cant believe my foot is still green  how can that much damage be done without breaking something... Getting bored of these crutches to!!!
@sarah_star3 Cant wait to be finished1 Hows your day? the suns not coming out to play 
.... Is Really Really Draaaaaaaaaaaained &amp; Numb after my Dear Fathers Funeral 2day!!    .  Cant sleep........
@SpiritualShow Cant find UR Show 
Annoyed! Cant find the sims 3 
Writing some more today, trying to add another chapter to my ATL fan-fic. Cant see J today  maybe gonna see C &amp; S xD
@fdr6629 Cant. She already went back inside after her smoke break 
Damn AT &amp; T and their data network problems -  Cant log with my Blackberry 
Cant wait to have good time tonight, &amp; Tomorrow is family day, my cousin is graduating, So exciting... my mom is the only one missin out 
Fuckin Rain btw WFT!!!  Cant go skating now 
Cant take this. Its pouring. &amp; my umbrella isnt BIG enough! 
WhAt iS tHis iM in onE oF the MOst gHetto if not the GHettoEST sTorE evEr. Cant wAIt to geT hoMe.   &lt;3KisS mY SaSS (as In SaSsy)&lt;3
@BrookeWUHU I just saw pics of fluid on @djhandlons facebook page....looks nice! Cant wait to check it out. Kinda bored right now 
Kazakhstan vs England tonight. God, I miss Stevie  Cant wait.
Really bored.... Cant ever sleep till 2. it sucks my house is empty . Im all alone    ~Instant Sugar~
Cant believe its a year since Rosie died on wednesday 
so tired. Yet my body wakes up at 8am. Cant sleep in if i wanted!  
Jesus PLEASE lemme get well soon! Diz is goin on n on n it even gets worse!Cant even taste or smell what im eating,Headache allday!UUUGH! 
Cant have my Chinese 2nite  Mum's car not going &gt; Just my luck. Bloody starving aswell
@MrPeterAndre   Cant wait to hear your new stuff (music)  Love to ya at a real shitty time   chin up cos it ALWAYS gets better ;)  x x x x
Cant believe i have no money to go and watch the match! Gutted 
@AlanCarr I bloody love you! Cant wait for the new show  But I love Britney too so abit gutted that you said that joke  x
God damn it. Cant get in to Marilyn Manson. Too many people!!!! Its closed 
@ruberama A draw I cant believe it!  Niko to score at Wembley again pls! Cant believe how much we miss him. Sorry to hear about S.Marino
Someones boat just sank in lakeport  im gonna go get in the shower and get ready. Cant wait to see what God has in store for us today 
So happy to be home. Cant wait for dinner then to go to bed. Headache from dare days 
2nd Place! Not Bad, no more basketball til next season!  Cant wai for soccer! :]
2nd Place! Not Bad, no more basketball til next season!  Cant wait for soccer! :]
What a fuckin wanker !!!! AAaaarrrrgggghhhh ! PRICK !!!! Hope u sleep well sweetheart !! Cant believe u havnt got the bed !!! 
Cant sleep! My shoulder is killin me!! 
Im bored  been crunching toi many star trek voyager. Cant decide which game to play.
Stupid allergies. Cant see anything because my eyes are so watery 
Cant Focus 
Cant find my Fable 2 disc 
OMG bridge to terabithia made me actually cry earlier! Cant believe i just cried at a disney film! but it is sooo sad 
I cant get no sleep...! Cant get comfortable. Stupid back. 
So why did Monica own Keyshia her own song &quot;Trust &quot;   She got Key singing the hook and ad libs LOL  Cant wait 4 Mo to come back !
I wish i had HBO  Cant Watch TrueBlood now D: uhhh! stupid showtime!
Upppp.  Cant Sleep.
YAY that went really well!! Cant wait for Weds! My arm hurts!! 
Cant believe the cancellation of NKOTB Aussie Tour 
Go 2 myspace.com/juniorlahlah 4 Material Queen- in your headphones.  I just listened thru my mac speakers. Cant hear the bass at ALL!! 
Off to bed. Very uneventful day  . For what ever reason I am hooked on Devil May Cry again. Cant put it down &gt;.&lt;
5 weeks till my hols with the girlies KAVOS 09 BABY!! Cant Wait!!! loving the weather and has work at 5  xoxox
Need warm milo and decent milk. Cant get either in my hotel room. 
RRraaaaarrhh! Trying to book Fringe tickets and Ive been on hold for over half an hour  Cant even get some that we wanted! #edfringe09
@xMissMelisax Cant say i have that prob.Yr the only1who talks2me. 
Yo. Cant sleep. 
Fuck me. Cant find bud 
Cant sleep yet again, no shocker there'. Ugh 
Cant believe Ed left tonight  I am so sad! I loved him!
Cant fucking sleep  Sooooo lets slit our wrists and burn down something beautiful
Panadine Forte haze has come to an abrupt end! Cant have any more for another 3 hours... I need a hug 
(@guysieh) Panadine Forte haze has come to an abrupt end! Cant have any more for another 3 hours... I need a hug 
Does anyone know when the next season of Bones is gonna be in progress? Cant believe what they did in the last one poor Booth &lt;3 
@kassy4 Id like to - BUT its way overpriced for what it is.  Cant justify the extra pennies - especially this year. 
@Elsey_Who_Else na i didnt nothing in my size  i thought bout some linens LOL
Sooo tired! Cant tweet that much anymore cos of skool &amp; such.. 
Argh. Cant find any normal cheap flights to Krim.. and I reaaally wanted to go this year. and not via 24h stop in Istanbul or Borispol 
Cant wait to chill with my girls after school!!! Im going to miss them 
@AmieSC Wow near Nick! Cant go cos their sold out  x
Im really not likin not havin twitter on my phone ..  .. Cant wait til my new 1 comes so i can tweet whenever i want .. 
Cant wait for another trip to spi. Have to wait til bff gets a job. 
Sis got thrown out window today. Cant move two fingers has to see plastic surgeon in morning 
Cant get into this movie  DEW is a cop...surprise surprise...mark ruffalo is delish...thats about it....
Woke up with a hurting neck. Cant tilt my head to the left, it hurts 
@trapwire Yes!  Feel like crap. Cant breathe- hence why I'm still up. Help! :S
Cant sleep. Knee hurts!  pain... Why? O.o
Someone give me a cure for night terrors...i Cant shut My eyes without havin 1  not even naps...goin on a wk now.
 Bus only just arrived. was sposed to be here 25 mins ago. Cant wait till i can drive again so i dnt have to rely on busses.
Goin 2 daycare 4 another 9 hours. Cant wait til friday, GNO! Misses him really bad. 
Good grief, is this chest infection ever going to go away? I miss weekends at whetherspoons  Cant drink when im ill...so bummed.
Jonas Brothers wer AMAZINGG!!Cant believe that we found their hotel and they had alredy left  wanted a picture n autograph,but it was cool
In Singapore, so hot.  Cant wait to put photos up from a costume shop we found in the centre.  Just about to get on a 13 hr flight 
Im bored!  Cant wait for the weekend!!!!! 
Omg just got in, the rain  Cant get over that the Setter/Mersey pride was burnt down last night, i thought i smelt smoke!
Following Peter Facinelli for the bet. I want him to win. And getting ready for work.  Cant wait for vac!
...Still no idea hahaa... Gettin ready for the dreaded niteshift...Cant wait to get in my bed at half 8 2morow mornin 
Ragin!! Cant get 3.0 at the min 
missing my Poss  Cant wait till Uni exams are over!!! ALMSOT WEEKEND!!!
Cant listen to #SYTYCD live, working tonight like last week 
Ugh! Cant sleep...So worried. I really gotta find a job 'cos I sooo dont wanna have to sign on the dole  Sigh.
Cant sleep! Sometimes people just need to be kicked in thehead 
I miss you already Grace  Cant wait till next week! WOnderful day with the boy. Now im going to passout!
On Myspace Cant Sleep 
@andyroddick Cant wait to see you at Wimbledon! Good luck, btw how is ur foot? Watched ur match agaisnt James Blake and seen you retired 
Cant believe that it's already a month. Ive been missing yew like crazy  R.I.P dolla baby
Stressed, arrgh! Need project write up pretty much done for tomorrow, and am also offending all the people who want my time!  Cant win
Cant upgrade to the new iphone until the 5th August PANTS! 
Lame. Lame. LAME. ftsk's show is on sunday! Cant leave my poppa 
Not enjoying the cricket so much at the moment - SA better start hitting. Cant believe AB only got 1 
@keisha_buchanan I'm so pissed off right now! Cant go to the Thetford gig anymore! So upset and annoyed. Was so looking forward to it! 
@keisha_buchanan Cant go to the Thetford gig anymore! So upset and annoyed. Was so looking forward to it!  So not fair! Lol.
@itz_cookie Thats whutz up. A Lady that keeps her house clean is pretty nice. Cant stand a chick with a dirty house. 
Cant wait for dinner to be done,  i am sooo hungery...  and I have a really bad headace.   Oh well early bed time tonight.
@keisha_buchanan Cant go to the Thetford gig anymore! So upset and annoyed. Was so looking forward to it!  So not fair! Lol.
@mandiecury I'll never give up. One day, one of them WILL reply us! Cant believe you'll be travelling on saturday! I wanna go  Miss Disney
Cant get my ringer to sound right  Oh well.
Imma miss my other half so much.. I Cant stop crying for some reason..going on 2 days none stop   -heartbroken 
Missing my baby. Wising he was here to hold me  Cant wait for him to get out of school ILY D BAB and get better
@AmongstStars I Cant See Em 
Cant Sleep  Hopefully I can stay away for my final tomorrow......ughh
NOOOO!, Network is lagging like a b@#%$. Cant play COD4 like this. What a day. I think last weeks lightning messed up my cable modem. 
Same here! Cant play farm town as the laptop has broke and the pc is waaay to slow!  @leesh34
Cant wait till I get my Blackberry back on monday *Fingers Crossed* .. I miss twitter and facebook wen on my travels  xx
@andyclemmensen OMSS I Cant Do it 
@danecook Cant wait to see you in ATL next weekend!!!! What does one have to do to get back stage? I have the WORST luck 
@Katersoneseven I should totally go d/l an emulator again and play these, its been ages since I've played them. Cant buy game...lost GBA 
@AbletonTweets theres a &quot;preset&quot; for Akai MPK 49 wiv Ableton ? Cant find 
Morning twitter!  JB on today show! Cant watch it til i get home cuz im working today  oh well....
@DanielCake  I did! Cant play it atm though. Got stuff to do 
Cant wait to go cash point and see how many monies I've got left after all my debt gone. Bet its not much 
Cant drive today  so southpark next week!!! Waiting for J to come scoop me up!
Cant believe the Georgia Theatre is gone 
Im on my phone... Cant c it  txt me!
I think Ima hav som people over &amp;then go out. Cant stay out late though.Got things to do early 2morrow morning 
Cant move my legs. Sooo sunburnt  fml.
http://twitpic.com/7uzrw - My baby went in for heart surgery today! Cant wait to get her back! 
Cant sleep..... And I have 2 go somewhere 2morrow..... Ima be tired all day 
Cant Sleep  too much is on my mind, My Meleahs leaving next week  fuck man shes the sun to my world without her im lost 
Hmmm, been laying in the dark 4a while now... Cant sleep... Dont know what 2do... Boreddddd  &amp;i know 2morrows gonna b crazy... Eh.
Cant watch today's British GP Qfy..  v r changing to DTH n ts nt here yet..craaaap..!
Cant fall asleep  @ 4th St &amp; G Ave http://loopt.us/ZSo0IA.t
Laying in bed .. Cant sleep .. To quiet without libbys monitor ticking .. I miss my girls .. No hope  to cuddle in the morning  night
Cant wait to take video with a new #iphone but guess Im going to have to.    #trackle  #squarespace
Cant sleep and Not feeling well... 
Got teary after bfast. DA was my vid game / vball / MMORPG buddy &amp; served 20yrs in USAF. Cant believe he's moving. Really gonna miss him 
Sooo tired..  But form sleepover soon  Cant wait ! Its gonna be so fun !
@lamunro Cant  Had a drink so can't drive. Party 17 miles away. Ho hum.
Yawn. Cant sleep. cant study.cant talk to anyone. Nothing to eat. Only water.  i need something cheesy and deep fried.
Have such a sore head the day! Cant seem 2 clear it 
Cant believe ive decided to sell my Subaru.. 
Cant Sleep Gutted 
@taylorswift13 Wishing I culd take my sister to ur shows around IA. Cant afford it  Your her idol and inspiration and shes only 7  &lt;3
Pissed off. Need bestbuy to fix my computer but have to wait for 3 weeks. Cant be w/out it that long!! 
I miss the Laker games  Cant wait for next year!!!!
Cant sleep.. Coty is all up on my mind. I miss him 
Cant wait to move out. Housemates have no clue about respecting other peoples property 
Kids just made me fathers day brunch. Bottle of whiskey too! Cant face that after last night 
Cant go skateboard on Go skateboarding day  damn College work
Cant get Texas out of my mind, thats why I woke up so early  !
I Wanna Watch TCA But I Cant No Sky 
@mileycyrus hey Miley (: how was the show with JB yesterday ? Cant wait to see you again  ilove you
@Chrissy4242 Cant believe ur leavin this weekend  we need a trip 2gether asap!
@BryOny_C Grr i forgot how annoying she actually is tbh. I lost bowling  Cant wait for sixth form! will be amazing! I love you
Cant believed she missed the announcement   .... No more Tool tix make me a sad sad nekko *crying*
At Carroll Library doing intern stuff. Got called into work for a full day! More pay...yay!   Cant tan w/ Nicole though 
Vegas was da isssh but  my stay wasnt long enough, theres too much to do now. But fo sho I'm gettin old. Cant party like I used to 
Last drive to KTIS for a while   Cant wait 4 this construction to be done!
Im goin home on fri 4 a week.. Cant wait.. But then back in until august 
Im soo exhausted I feel sick  Cant do this Anymore
In needof moneyy  Recording/promo's soon  Cant taste shit. Burned tounge 
Weather have made us go and touch hell! What a crap! Cant even work properly! AC too is not able to control the situations ! 
@__missb last exam on monday. Cant wait for it to be over. Everyone else is on break already, sept me  lol
@RavPau Holy crap no I didnt! How very sad!  Cant make the reunion which kills me!! Def need to sort our one out soon!
Annoyed. Cant send drum kit to red octane either, as their limited options dont look to cover the area mine is broke in. More HMV stores 
Heat posioning  Keep getting sick n it hurts to move! I need my Bubba!! Cant wait till after his band practice to see him...
Cant wait to see my baby on tuesdayyy. . miss u   Xxxxxxx
@veddersgirl lol Exactly. I cant even go NEAR the TwiRumorControl subj. Cuz I get tempted to peak in on them. Cant go to our home 
Cant sleep, meditation, or yoga neither one helped. Its not like i wanna go to sleep, go just bored and sleep would fix that  Peace
Just got the Stallion magazine in my hands. It looks really good. Cant wait to hear what people think 
@lukemarsden Darnell asked me to go to that! Cant make it though, have a good time 
@MontanaOne Cant remove Maria Shriver as she does actually follow me. Facebook also. 
Sooo bored! Cant wait until school gets out so I can get the CD 
@happymusician Im 99% sure ill be there. See you in a few hours and don't be nervous (you'll be fantastic!!) Cant wait! 
What are you all up to?  Ima go out partying tonight! Cant wait.
Im loving the GOOD sunny weather in Denmark. Cant wait to move back here again 
Woot! Im off! Cant wait to go home!!!! 
@TheRealJordin Hey Jordin, when will u sing on American Idol?  Cant  wait to see u... 
Cant Wait until tommorow, mcflys gonna awesome 
@oliviahitch Haha okay!  Cant wait to see my Amber  she texted me at 10 to 1am this morning saying 'Wake up.. bitch. I love you' XD LOL
Should be sleeping now, Cant wait to see the new @eminem VIDEO  woo woo!!!! Yummmmmm!!
The Hannah Montana Movie was actually Awesome  I was singing all the way through  Cant wait to get it on DVD (i) 
Fuckin exhausted. Cant wait for my suprise from my baby 
I cant wait 2 see the hannah montana movie! Its gonna be awesome! Cant wait 4 the Jonas Brothers movie to come out  They rock x
Ready to get off work and enjoy the weekend. Cant wait for the Pecan Festival! 
lol, On Kevin Oto's Website after being banned... Cant ban hammer the snoff 
@cyclesd Cant! must work!!!! must get Luke's story on my blog! twitter is a nice distraction from that. 
@Sir_Almo  Whats that Mate 
Cant w8 for ^Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs 
Cant believe a lovely day like 2day n i've had a 'do nothing' day.  Had a kip this afternoon til 5! Lazy or wot! note: must do better 
is watching her lil hamster Pepper running around his new home hehe. Cant wait til friday to pick up our puppyyy 
2 months before the big departure   Cant wait!!!  #Tibet is now also on the list... any recommendations of places to see? #traveler
@jonasbrothers I Cant wait for the single and the video!  You Guys Are Awesome!
Cant Sleep! To bad i dont have any buddys in TOKYO, we could be chatin,were on the same time,lol its 4:12pm over there right about now! 
went to eastgardens and saw a lot of hillsong pastors there Now im going to Nicks for dinner. Cant wait to talk to you soon @sherrymacs 
Cool. Cant wait for dustbin baby 
Enjoyed see'n everyone last night! even tho it was a really bad night financially... Cant wait to kick it again @ the drive -ins! 
Cant stop playin' in my head  -- pussycat dolls jai ho ellen degeneres [HD] http://bit.ly/HxLfm
Lovin' the JB's new song Paranoid!! very groovy!! Cant wait for your album to come out which is on my B'DAY!! yay meee!! 
Cant wait for the thursday. Going camping. 
Cant' wait for the weekend...Dodgy and The Bluetones together will be awesome! 
Cant wait For hillsong 
Cant sleep like always. Tho I had fun nite with the amzing &amp; stunningly beautiful Liz  cant get her smile out of my head. it fuckin rules
Angels and Demons tonight - Cant wait - Roll on 6 oclock 
@PoliticsRight pelosi has a minor truth problem compared to Cheney and Bush.. Cant we sweep this under the rug already..   
Thank god its my friday today! Ive out and about way too much..  Cant wait to catch up on some rest. 
Cant wait till lunch. Got steak burgers today   
Cant sleep. Probably shouldnt have worked out so late either. Listening to Jacks Mannequin and wishing I had a piano 
Just got a new job at a Pharmacy!  Cant wait to start!
Ok Cant sleep, as usual , I hope someone is sleeping and dreaming of me  x x
@LesleyER @NaomiER Just finished voting! im about to go to sleep, I know u ladies had an amazing show! Cant wait for the album may 26!!! 
@nastala Hey Nastala, I want to thank You 4 the vocal to Lake's &quot;If You Knew&quot;, amazin' stuff! Cant wait to hear you again 
on the train con mi papa on the way 2  the NRA! Cant wait 2 eat!  gotta find them Hawaiian  Icecreams! LoL
Cant wait to hang with my girl friendsss  SOON
I think I will teach a little of R33 and mix it with another Round this week!! Cant wait for @chalenejohnson to suprise us with R37!! 
Cant Sleep Just Listeing To the Shawn Mcdonald 
Cant wait for tomorrow, please stay sunny for the first BBQ of the year  on the beach  
Cant stop listening to Passion Pits sleepyhead.... think Im waring it out on youtube...all them million plays its had are probably mine 
Cant wait to get out of Vegas 
Kilkenny tomorrow  Cant wait!!! Bring on the mikey finns!!!
Woot Woot. A day. Riding home with tab. Cant wait for tonight! 
Loved it when Adam and Kris sang &quot;We are the champions&quot; .   Cant wait for AI to air again 
Off on Holiday tomorow! Cant bloody wait 
@sanachnaa yeah Ive turned it down, but it still hurts my eyes, dont know y?! Cant wait to see the photos when Im down in Kent! 
http://twitpic.com/5ovnp - My niece  Cant wait to see her later today
Im really in the mood for a pepperoni roll. Ah. Hate concert choir. Cant wait for this crap to be over! 
@Wossy Yay Cant Wait Dude 
It is GORGEOUS out! Cant wait to hit the distillery district with Vaness 
Going to bed. Cant wait until tomorrow .Sweet sleep everyone,  B.noel(:
tonight was not a complete bummer. . Zach and bobby + laughing attacks. Cant get enough of those boys 
@lesley_simpson Hehehe.Friends in higher places huh.  Makan dimana?Jadi inget the last time we went to New Creation.Cant keep eyes open:p
Wow that was awesome. Im exhausted. And i caught two chicks saying nice things about my tits in the locker room. Cant be mad at that 
@officialTila Sweet deal  Cant wait  ? yer my idol for lyfee !  XOXOXOXOXO
@viva89 good luck! i hope it was successful. Mine is very much out the window &amp; i can't seem 2 get it back on track. Ha. Cant wait 2 c u! 
