Most common words for this cluster:
[('cant', 430), ('wait', 66), ('work', 25), ('day', 20), ('sleep', 19), ('today', 19), ('tomorrow', 13), ('am', 13), ('im', 12), ('time', 12), ('get', 11), ('weekend', 11)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Cant', 0.99994957447052), (u'Cocks', 0.5013460516929626), (u'cant', 0.5001223087310791), (u'Netherway', 0.48865729570388794), (u'Fitzhardinge', 0.48715704679489136), (u'Prattley', 0.48456400632858276), (u'Direen', 0.4829113185405731), (u'Pohe', 0.48068350553512573), (u'Gerathy', 0.4800460636615753), (u'Dont', 0.4758382737636566)]





so a murder? gotcha.  Cant believe it
Cant go back to sleep 
Cant seem to shake the blues away 
@brookandthecity Cant wait I miss yal soo much 
Cant wait to see my man.... I miss him 
Just got home.... Its raining, Cant go out  I want some hot coco and cinnamon rolls NOW!
Cant sleep on this stupid bus 
@daNanner Cant say for sure, I don't know that we got the chance to meet. 
and wit that I'm off!!! Cant believe its over 
Cant find the &quot;remember me&quot; option on m.twitter. Its a pain typing my looooooong password every time. 
@MorningGlory19  Cant say we didnt try 
wow having a gr8 time with friends. Cant really believe we are leaving the college soon 
Cant beileve it  bloody everton won damn them grghhhh
Cant sleep without seth 
Cant stop thinkin certain things...i dont know what to do...good nite.. 
Cant let myself fall asleep, thats why im doing this eh almost to school dont fall asleep i hate pop,  i wish i had a mirror 
@OneLuvGurl  haha nice  Cant sleep again 
Cant seem to fall asleep 
Cant move with back pain... 
Cant seem to fall asleep  
Cant find the ball of his belly button ring! 
Cant sleep and its 3am... 
Cant sleep  -Androsity
I think I'm going crazy..  Cant afford this with midyears!!!!! 14 is a magic number upon a magic bus ;D
@Isaaatje Cant c it 
@Dgirlholland Cant see it!!!! 
Cant believe the four-day weekend is also already over ! This is incredible..oh how I wanted that &quot;best job in the world&quot; but no swimming 
Cant sleep now 
sick  Cant do anything today! 
Cant believe i am up. 
is hung over and has the beginning of a chest infection  bad times. Cant wait for my party now though!!
Cant sleep, I have too many things going on in my head 
Cant sleep cause of my back 
guess u guys dont see these. Cant reply on my stupid phone. Only update 
@HildeM_EN Cant see the link on fb so came here - cant see it here 
Cant sleep   about to clean up my place......
Cant fall back asleep since Coltons 4 am banana feeding...dont ask 
feeling very sad   Cant believe Sophies son had to die that way!!!
Its like a sand storm at krishi bhavan metro station... Cant even find an auto. 
Eating toasted cheese - yummy!! Cant wait for london this weekend :-D should be really good!! Only bad bit is the 10 hour bus drive!! 
Cant get into studying  really need to get my ass in gear... motivation anyone?
Cant stop thinking about him and wishing we were cuddling right now! I miss him 
Cant get his stupid computer to play dvds 
Cant make him happy 
Cant sleep  just thinkin about life. Hopefully my life gets better. Its effin windy out 35 miles per house of gust.. Is tht alot?
Cant get a photo to download 
@Sims_Galore Cant wait!! love sims had collected 1st and second sims series.. but with moving had no room for them so had to sell them 
Cant remember my password for bebo.com/x_vivaglam so thats the end of that 
I got an exam 2mro...ooo scary!!! Cant wait for it to be over! 
Cant have you by jonas brothers reminds me of bad times 
Cant fall asleep 
Cant access zunited 
Cant believe the first exam is tomorow 
Cant find my gameboy...  wht am i supposed to do in history now??
Cant be doing with this man flu, really cant 
Cant sleep  n has work 2morrow ugh man
Cant believe I have to drive 15hours back home tomorrow! 
Cant sleep knowing his baby is stuck where he is 
My stomach kills yet i have to find a way to still go today. Cant i just call in sick? 
@ashlynn32 Cant be made @ that..I heard msw and public heath were good spots to be in..at least ur not up @ 6 looking @ computer theory 
Cant sleep... So hot in my room 
@rainbowchasing Cant add my pic for some reason....me confused! 
Cant believe the weekend is almost over..... back to work 2moro 
 Cant do this anymore
@Superpaperlink Cant believe ive missed it 
Cant sleep.  what did i do to deserve this?
Cant believe im working today 
Cant see my highlights 
Cant get seafm 
@povester I am very ill  Cant taste anything
@GiantBushman what? Spotiy? Cant find it 
Cant get the thermostat on my heater to automatically turn on  
Is in desperate need of some sunshine!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Cant deal with any more cold 
Cant get comfy... aaaah 
Cant sleep anymore 
Cant sleep at all 
Needs prayer. A lot on my mind  Cant fall asleep
Cant seem to find a picture small enough for my page! 
@franner_tastic Yay thats good hun. Hopefully ur getting some sleep on the plane. Cant believe ur gone! 
@JohnMilner it doesnt still work though  It does still ring and vibrate... but touchscreen/backlight is kaput. Cant turn off or ans a call
Cant understand how  mother can treat her kids like garbage! People lik u make me wish i didnt bring a kid into this world!! 
Cant sleep  why am I always so tired yet can never get to sleep?
Cant believe WLVM bought me a big ass ice cream of my favorite n since 9pm  its still in the fridge  n i dont want it !!!
Duudoo! Cant sleep fuckin school in like 5 more hours! 
Cant sleeeeep &amp; i miss my long hairrr 
Cant fall asleep. 
Cant wait to leave work 
Cant believe there had been nice weather all day and I was stuck in doors all day 
Cant tell who is more anemic- the nuggets or the fans 
Cant even talk to joe without getting moaned at 
Cant stop thinking of u...... is it love of first sight? Or it is a mistake  Not sure if he love me  or he move back with his fiancee?
I miss her  atleast theres tomarro! Its going to be fun! Cant wait 
Cant sleep  too much on my mind
Cant believe @ReeceEmmitt left so early  hope he comes back soon.
Cant fall asleep 
Cant sleep just sitting around bored 
&quot;the arms&quot; left the building around an hr ago  Cant sleep without them  boooo! Another chapter for the horror movie in mind ;)
Also, am having a bad day, everythings going wrong, just want to start the day over! Cant be bothered to go to work 
@fookied i spent money on shopping again!!!!  Cant resist cuz everywhere is sales!!!!!!!
@30secondstomars i Cant attend the summit in london as thats when my final exam is  But the end is getting closer for the album  
Cant b that hard 2 get bike 2 work, cam it? I cant,even after training 
Cant sleep  3:30am
Cant believe im stuck in on a sat night 
Cant sleep just got outta the shower... bored 
Cant wait 2 get home but got a long time 2 go yet 
Cant go dancing tonight, savin for hols 
@lililoebl Cant believe the sucky weather youre getting this weekend  hope you're still enjoying!
Cant sleep, not tired  ..............................
Cant believe it's 7:14. wasted the whole day. But not drunk  lol : P
Cant sleep, itchy arms 
it's 4.31am and I Cant sleep!!! 
Cant wait to go home and be with my momma 
Cant find my friends  this isnt fun any more
Cant believ it I had the worst day eva it totally sucked!! I hope everyone else had great progress (NOT) SIKE!!! 
watchin tv, bored to death. Cant sleep as usual 
Cant find my itouch  C-ice
Cant get to sleep due to it being too warm! 
Cant believe im missing @taylorswift13 nbc special.. 
@littlefishey Cant remember when I last went swimming  I always spent half my time under water.... I loved sitting on bottom of pool
Its so hot!!! Cant sleep! 
Cant sleep, want ice cream, have to go back to crappy school, house is to hot 
Cant sleep, stomach is killing me, tried to take my mind off it with TV, unfortunatly the only decent thing on is discovery channel 
bahh in so much pain. Cant sleep 
Cant sleep.  i hate being sick.
Cant fall asleep 
Cant put a picture up 
is sunburnt really quite badly  Cant go out and enjoy the sunshine today  And im sooooooooo god damn hungry!
Cant go back 2 sleep! 
Men!! they always let you down . Cant trust you anymore 
Cant even concentrate... 
Cant go till thursday to see doc  i gotta wait 
I need a life, any one got one for sale? I'm sittin at home watchin scooby doo. Cant even be a sun worshiper cause i ran out of sunblock 
@ukapprentice Cant believe its nearly over for another year 
@renaered I want a dog too! Cant tho in 7th floor apt 
Feeling really sick. Cant do anything so just on the couch watching movies 
Cant sleep and ive got gcse exam in like 8 hours 
Cant believe what im actually going to do tonight  feeling sad
ugh! dang picture! Cant download...  *sniffle!*
@vivinyvil Cant upload any picture at all... 
Cant belive i fell into the twitter thing 
A whole day of work in front of me   Cant wait for the next weekend &lt;3
Shoot! Cant make my ice cream sundae till 2morow! I cant drive myself cuz I'm tired &amp; will fall asleep at the wheel! &amp; no 1 will take me! 
dropped my blackberry in water! Cant text or call &amp;&amp; or even pick up calls or make calls... 
Cant stop thinking about my exams 
ugh. Cant sleep 
Cant sleep with bad thoughts in my mind 
Cant sleep  between twitter and not havin my baby
morning. up again for another day at work.  Cant it just be friday?
Cant wait for the new season of greys anatomy :O the hot chick has cancer 
At home all day long....  Cant wait to get my car back will cruise to the beach then yipee...  x x x x
Watching the boy today. So tired. Cant sleep. Clowns will eat me 
@AlexanderBor I did corries wrong  - oh well. Cant remember - I got 5,5 cm on the ruler but cant remember km.. i found all hard!
super big heavy rain here... Cant go work d lo like dat  morning frends. Last nite i dream of someone....omg!
Cant handle the emotional stress of meeting sponsors, and we havent even started 
Cant wait to go to bed just one more load of laundry 
Cant sleep  way too much on my mind
A guy added me on orkut today.. seems he studied wt me in the 9th std! Cant remmbr  would have known if it was a girl!
Cant lie down properly...ouchhhh &amp; is going out today, but not for ages  bored
never uses this! Cant get into it at all 
Cant find my locker key 
Cant get the muzzle flash workin 
Cant find mah black shirt 
Gahhhh grad party tomorrow! Cant sleeep and i think im going to cough up a lung here soon 
Cant update my facebook status through twinkle. What's wrong? 
Cant wait to wake tomoro n do 5bazillion projects 
Cant sleep anymore, but dont want to wake anyone up. 
Watchn sum@lovebscott vids lol funniest person evvvvvva!!!! Lol im tryna catch up! Cant sleep yet:/ but got wrk early! 8am 
How does @nicolerichie come up with good baby names? I Cant! 
In work  been here since seven! Cant wait to get home and begin some remix work!
Stomach hurts so bad! Cant wait til work is over! 
Exams next week  Cant wait until they have finnished!!
Cant go waterskiing/wakeboarding today cause its too windy. 
Cant im to the wedding pissed as fuck 
Cant im to the wedding pissed as fuck  the first day im not going to see chris:/
im really missing michigan..  Cant wait to go home and see everyone!
Spending my last few hours with dan. Cant stop crying. I dont want him to go 
@erin_uniquename Cant make it  Not happy about it 
Cant go to mikebens grad party  i have to help put in our new dryer. Much less fun
Cant swallow anything. most likely strep     
gotta work all nite long!! Cant wait tell 7a.m. so I can go to sleep 
Cant find anything to do tonight in this weather  .. might end up taking the baby bro to the movies or something #QualityTime
Cant believe i got sent to naughty step.first time eva omg 
Cant sleep.  about jaws. Also my eye hurts
Cant get twitpic to post from my phone 
Cant stop coughing.  work still sucks.
Cant figure out how to send direct messages from my phone   I should have let this be untill after my exams.
Cant sleep  i wish i would have just stayed up and listen to my girl tell me about her day. I'm such an idiot sometimes
Cant sleep  I wish I had gone out tonight!
Cant go to bed..  has too much on the brain and has nothing in the belly.
Cant see out of my left eye.  blind for good
Cant find my phone  I had it when i woke up...
So bored. Cant sleep. Cant get up 
@OfficialAkaye Cant belive its over  last nyt was amazing 
As usual. Cant sleep 
Cant find my ipod 
@yelyahwilliams http://twitpic.com/6u375 - Cant see it 
@crazykhw lol not bad thanks. Cant shift my cold  You?
I wish our time zone was the same as america, I want to see fly with me video.  Cant see it till the morning
Cant find my stylus 
Cant possibly pay 20 for a headband 
Not liking the freezing issues on fuel. Cant get my sand to stone cheevo coz of it  tried  3 times
 my camera is acting stupid...Cant upload my picture! x0
Cant find my bff here on twitter!! 
Cant sleep probly cuz im sober  thinkin bout him &amp; tryin 2 stay strong!He pretty much could hav my &lt;3 @any second I just wish he wanted it
Cant find the way to save a photo on twitter 
Cant sleeep but i have to get up early and go to work. I hate having a sleeping disorder 
Cant fall asleep 
HATES THIEVES!! Cant believ some f**k has stolen my family's motorbikes out the garage   if you want a bike get a job &amp; buy one!
Cant....fall.....asleep ..... 
@DubarryMcfly ano  i miss it.. Cant wait for the new series tho =D
@pointlesswords  JD makes the show. Cant imagine it without him.
@Leenygma not good m8, maybe some of the deal sites? Cant be to sure about all of them I guess 
My stubborn lower back has a mind of its own, despite various tablets, its still stiff. Cant bend, sleep or move much 
Cant believe i have been on holidays for the part week and am going back to work tomorrow 
Cant believe i have to take the city bus for my nxt appointment 
Cant get day off for the parade 
Cant be doing with this British weather 
Cant wait to see u guys thursday ! Just wish i can meet u 
@jasimmo boo, you never share with me!  Cant scroll back hun phone playing up! X
In san fran. Cant beleive i missed trueblood  i awaited this day since season one ended.
Writing on here 4 1st time in a looong time... Cant sleep  again!
Missing my husband   Cant wait for him to get home
Cant sleep  maybe u should pull the earphones out and turn my ipod off might help
Cant hear the lyrics that well   (amandapalmer live &gt; http://ustre.am/1qRf)
Cant find my book 
Ahrgh!!! Cant sleep 
Cant sleep... in need of someone i miss very much 
Cant fall asleep 
Cant...gotta wash dishes duh! Ahhh im hungryy. 
Waiting for my husband to call...he's on his way to connecticut for work...Cant find a job here...oh the sacrifices we make 
Cant believe i had to wake up and im off out...hate being ill 
Cant see his other follower 
Cant get his head in gear today 
Cant believe my buddy is going away for two months tomorrow 
@Mirantha Cant accept because I have to give my login info to a third party 
Awards? I didnt get any...  sooooooo boringggg...... Cant wait to culminate!!
Oh me so hungry. Cant we just go in without them? J said no. Aww poop 
@theflyinglampie heya, am ok suppose. Cant believe how quick a year has gone 
@KrispeeKlean LOL Cant  ... i was there last weekend lol...
Cant eat busted lip  urghhh
#tweetdeck Cant get my tweetdeck to work 
Cant not believe how cold it is!! 
Should be sleeping. Cant  that and rosie cat is having a trundle on my bloated tummy.
Cant feel my legs from my workout  and going to bed after completley failing to have any of what i reviewed for my history exam memorized
Cant go ross s party 
@ZoeVoodooChild Cant !  parents. ugh. and the party thing. 
Cant get the top of my stupid laptop cover to come off 
im ky raina sick  i miss him so much! Cant wait to see him again!
Cant sleep  need to find something to do...
Cant sleep!  keep wakin up. This sucks
i am Going to bed... feeling sick... Not good Cant wait till i feel better... 
Morning all how is everyone doing? Cant wait for transformers to come out but 1st have to work on new websites! work work work today 
Cant believe its gona rain at prom 
Cant stop lookin @ lang jaff dream house... I hope I can live with my langs some day soon... Its very cold in work today burrrrrrrrr  xxxx
Cant find anymore blutack  i have 4 photos to go !
Cant  stop  thinking about you wish you happy with your boyfriend  anyway i will miss you all the time event you never think about me .
Cant get the ticket for Superjunior show concert 
Cant view twitter on my phone, can only send txts  
Cant install iphone 3.0 because activation server is down  #squarespace
@jaecka Cant get the blow torch lit 
I am going to the cornival with my bff. Cant go on all of the rides though cuz I spranged my neck on my nieghbors trampoline. 
Cant wait to  see u tomorrow night! I wish i can meet u 
Cant believe my mom is talking to johnny and im not. 
Heading to bed ... work in da AM     Cant wait till the weekend !
Cant fucking sleep... 
Cant wait to get out of work only 8 hours left 
Cant sleep  this sucks
ipod is dead   Cant bike     Cant hang out    Cant rent Movies  Perfect time to read 
Cant wait to get married...wish my grandpa was going to be there!! 
@Emmerz84 i wish i was working! I always have the rainy days off! Cant ever lay out in the sun!  bummer!
Cant go gotta work 
Wonders where all my friends are? Cant get a hold of anyone 
Cant tell fake from real 
Cant stop crying 
That was NOT me. Cant delete just now cos am on ma mobile 
Cant believe my baby is leaving to iowa on sunday.  imma miss her!
Cant wait to start dancing again!!! and........ I miss my KADEN...  
is burning up i tanned for 30 min... so hot! Cant wait for wes to get here  graduation tonight! cant wait.. to c my friend grad
Cant sleep even though I am so tired. Exactly 7 hours until I have to get up. 
wtf double post? Cant delete on phone 
Cant sleep well these days... 
Cant wait to go to el salvador this summer only bad side no internet which means no videos 
Cant sleep again, So much going off in my head, I'm so worried all the time 
Cant sleep... got some stuff on my mind 
Wow! Cant beleive your actualluy there... 
@ work dictating biopsies... Cant wait to go home, but not till 1:30am!!!  
Cant sleep  gotta get up in 3 hours, lets try agen...
misses kdh.. So much!!! Cant sleep w/o his voice 
Cant  fall asleep  worried about the future...
Randomly woke up.. Cant go back to sleep 
Cant sleep  ugh imybidkw
Cant spell 'must' either it seems........... 
Cant wait to get my nails done they look like hell 
Cant believe I have to sing at the art exhibition I want to see my work not sing 
Cant find anything in this clean room 
Cant type of use twitter anymore 
Cant find my slide 
Cant wait to finish work,its boring as hell 
Cant remember the last time i walked so far 
Cant get ahold of trixie... she is not gonna be happy. looks like im staying in brevard this wknd 
@lilyroseallen That Cant be good 
Cant believe you came and asked me that... 
Cant find my simple gold bracelets 
Cant believe how far washington has gone founders would b so disapointed that we the people let it get this far 
Cant stop coughing 
Cant sleep i missss himmm....... 
Cant sleep. This sucks. Need to be up at 7 tomorrow too. 
Cant sleep so much hooka, coffee, and not enough time with my one and only 
Cant sleep...sucks... 
Cant sleep without a body next to me.... 
Cant sleep and it fucking sucks!! 
Cant sleep.  maybe its the 5 hour nap i had today.
Keeps eating, eating, and eating. Cant resist temptation of food in skylounge. 
Cant swallow 
Cant sleep now.  teeth hurt 
''tempratures rising,fever is high,cant see no future, cant see no sky'' Cant sleep so listening to lennon in pain. 
Cant sleep major back pain !!  hurts bad !!
Cant sleep  but lol at brandi's myspace message hahahaha you make me smile at your shockedness 
Cant eay all my jelly and icecream 
Cant wait to go home in 2 days, i miss talking on the phone and texting 
Cant find my ipod  @meekakitty not just you.
Cant make it to Raquels. 
Cant believe I killed my ankle...what the crap is that?!  ughhh. Suckyydayyy.
Cant sleep  I need to wake up early tomorrow!!
@Shoord and still i'm gonna be homeless after 2 months  Cant I live in the attic?
@LizUK Cant say I blame you   please come and check out the website and forum if you havent already www.nfh.org.uk/forums support 4 all
Cant post them yet though, i alone have used 1.5 gb of bandwidth this month 
Cant wait for the conduit to come to my house. havent gotten a wii game since feb. man.... itz is a real dry season for video games. 
Cant sleep...im upset that i missed my husbands call  watching the crow, hopefully i'll fall asleep.
@dolittledoliet Everything's going ugh. Cant find a jake! 
Cant sleep again 
gonna cook breakfast and watch the new ep of kings. Cant be too many left   Breakfasts or Kings eps? I guess well see
gonna cook breakfast and watch the new ep of kings. Cant be too many left 
Cant get ubertwitter to work on my phone 
Where is my lalaland? Cant find it 
Cant believe we're lost, trying to find the car 
@troyrhodes A beautiful book on Whitehead was gifted to me,which began with that quote...&amp; the problem.Cant recall the name... 
Cant use my hmv giftcard online. grrrrrrrrrr 
@chechunor nah, i just wanted to be able to drink at work... im a sort-of-it guy at a software company. Cant even have beer 
thinks tomorrows gunna be a long day. Cant wait to get it over with but really gunna miss everyone 
Cant get her device updates to work 
Cant sleep too warm 
Ugh! Cant sleep n I hav 2 b up 4 work in 4hrs 
Going to bed... stressed. Cant b healthy....  
Cant sleep yet.  bumming around on the internets.
Cant sleep and no one else is up here 
@JayLink_ Cant get it to play says unavailable, 
Cant find the cable to my camera 
Cant fall alseep yet im sooo tired.  I hate when that happens!
Too much on my mind. Cant sleep 
Cant wait to have a relaxing weekend and just play xbox live and maybe write some lyrics.  I miss band practice 
Cant believe I missed the book club meetup today  doh!
Cant believe how sad puppy looked as i walked away to work 
Cant sleep just thinking of my mom ...miss her dearly 
Cant stop this fetish for shoes nd food.  I ought to die in books nd not food.
dont want to go to work  major writing session tonight on the guitar me thinks! Cant wait for tour in 4 weeks going to be sweeeeet
@DwightHoward good luck to ur friends!!! Cant wait for the draft, mad chicago is at the bottom of the totem pole tho 
@vindee I won't lie but sometimes I really really miss it!  even like the spoon of sugar in my oatmeal... 3rs july.. Cant wait !
Ugh, i wish i was out in the sun   Cant wait for the weekend!!
@heidimontag Loved It!!! Cant wait for next week! 
@DwightHoward U r one sexy mada...Cant resist... 
A morning walk at the treetop with tv news ppl later at 9am! So exciting!! Cant wait! 
@greggrunberg I love your show and I'm glad theres ganna be a season 4! Cant wait to watch it! 
american idol, boys over flowers. Temptations. Cant resist 
@TiffanyGiardina: we are hear and waiting!! Cant wait to see u 
@MussoMitchel how r u today?  Cant wait for ur album, I already preorderd it  are you going to come to germany sometime?
@MussoMitchel how r u today? Cant wait for ur album, I already preorderd it  are you going to come to germany sometime?
Matamoska! Cant get enough of em. 
Cant sleep without my love... 
@dannywood You're def my inspiration and example for keeping and improving my physical health  Cant think of ne1 better! :O)
Cant sleep so its cold pizza and selena gomez music 
at around 4.30 im off to my cousins deb. Cant wait to see her all done up  shes going to look absolutely beautiful
Cant wait till new moon comes out at the movies ! i think ill start reading eclipse now 
awake! damn, really wanted a lie in today! Cancer Bats tomorrow, Cant wait  X
Cant beat starting a day with a double bill of mythbusters and a jug of coffee 
Cant wait to see xmen on monday and thn to get bk to college 
At dennys. Cant wait to go home and sleep 
@erolalkan Cant wait to see you @ rockness should be amazing !!! 
turrried.... :/ Cant wait till tomorrow! 
is still in bed. Cant believe the kids are still asleep  must drag myself up in the gym at 11am
@Jamesallenonf1 Cant seem to get your site. love the race tweets btw 
 Cant waiit! xxx.
Cant wait to watch @davidarchie on hannah montana tonighttttt ! stokedddddddddd ah i love him 
Humidity is yucky... Cant wait for the rain 
@chasitymae how exciting your book venture is! Cant wait to see how it turns out... 
...which had some unexpected twists and turns. I now have it on dvd, hooray  Cant wait to jog those little gray cells.
@Jonasbrothers Cant wait &amp;&amp; Cant wait to see the 3d concert experience (i live in the uk) the was the trailer at the cinema yesterday. 
I'm so drunk haha. Cant wait for round 2 tomorrow night  Gnight ppl
@NadavS Cant wait to do some of those things 
Cant wait to see my boy tomorrow 
Cant believe how lucky i am to have such an amazing boyfriend 
Watching mens volleyball on TV.  For some reason its not as good as womens beach volleyball.  Cant quite place why 
@monkeyknopfler you're welcome, on the road today so will save those games til next week... Cant wait 
Cant sleep :/ watching disney 
Cant sleep...watching the storm through the window 
@Ketunen I know  Cant wait!
Cant wait to see @brianlogandales 
Home...Bored...Cant wait 2 go 2 dadz house iin 3 hrs  Yay !! lLol !!
Cant believe its already been a month that I've been engaged...so exciting!!  
another weekend been and gone! At least i have a 5 day weekend next week. Cant wait hopefully the weather wont suck either 
is really annoyed at some1. Cant wait till saturday 
@shanealan: i will try boy. Cant wait till the benefit though. 
Last day of hardcore revising today  exams for the following 3 days, and then a 14 day period of solid maths revision. Cant wait...
@shortword I dunno about touchscreens, Cant really text while driving when you can't feel the keys 
Going home now  feel a lot of tension lifted off my back. Cant wait to see mum and dad. I guess first days at work are like that.
Cant wait to be on holiday 
@Sohui  ooooh curled hair ? Cant wait to see the pics dear 
Cant sleep. You know summer is coming when your sleeping patterns change! 
@ everyone. Cant wait till tomorrow 
Cant wait for this summer 
@FrankieTheSats when do we get to see the video? I cant wait I love you girls... I have everything singed! Cant wait to see u on the 24th 
Woot! Cant wait for sunday 
Cant wait to finish work and get to pub 
mornin tweeps today kicks off crazy back to back wedding season for me &amp; I Cant wait 
Cant stay on long but I wanted to tell my peeps G'morning  @MekiaRaJean @FANIZLL @BigzFlygerian @khaliefkhadafi @carolinaware
Cant wait for tomorrow!!!! 
@NetteWorker yall gettin old lol but I understand he be tired. ill buy my girly stuff and ill be there! SWEEETT!  Cant wait!!!
Cant wait ti'll my birthday this sunday!!!! I'm getting my first tattoo.. hehe. 
#jonaswebcast Cant wait for another one 
Cant wait for my choir duet on sat  I so jittery
@melaniemayron52 Cant wait till I have a friend who is expecting, so I can give them such a beautifully presented gift box of lovelyness 
Cant wait to go brighton tonight altho 6 hour drives suck 
yeah, june come soon! Cant wait, cant wait! I hope i can pass everything happily 
