Most common words for this cluster:
[('car', 1151), ('truck', 73), ('accident', 65), ('cars', 64), ('bike', 62), ('today', 37), ('lol', 37), ('shop', 36), ('tire', 34), ('http', 33), ('driver', 30), ('com', 29)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'car', 0.9522743821144104), (u'vehicle', 0.7615917325019836), (u'cars', 0.7427621483802795), (u'SUV', 0.7160715460777283), (u'truck', 0.710640549659729), (u'minivan', 0.6920724511146545), (u'scooter', 0.6742849946022034), (u'vechile', 0.6678059101104736), (u'Jeep', 0.6608280539512634), (u'pickup_truck', 0.6595596075057983)]





Morning! Bah Car won't start.. waiting for the ANWB.... 
got woken up this mornng at 7am - damn Lorry , van and car accident just outside on our main road also causing car alarms to go off.  
Waiting for an update about my car. It's in the shop again! 
63.15 quid for a rear wiper arm for our car. Thats not including the wiper blade either... 
Ive lost my new car smell 
I forgot my donut holes in the car 
There is pollen all over my car but it does NOT feel like spring. 
I wish I had a car... need to give out resumes, but the weather is horrible... 
@NINfreak7 i called a few times yesterday   now i cant find my cell it might be out in the car.
@PoliticalRight What car in my parking lot DOESNT have one of those?  
Car broke down 
Rabbit ran in front of my car. 
feeling so f*cking bad  my bro had a car accident (N
Cars still not ready 
Wow it's taking me about 10 minutes to find a parking place big enough! - I miss my small car! 
And how hard do Volvo make it to check spark plug gaps? I have a degree in engineering and it is still daunting for me. 
@ScottMonty wishing we had an official #SXSEMIA Ford Car. Stuck with crappy Dodge Charger rental. 
 car is yikes
Moms driving me to work yet again. I need my car !!  iam lost without it.
@MoPaperCuts whats wrong with the car? mines not behaving either 
@ladyisis13 sorry to hear about the car! 
Just found out my car isn't going to be cheap to fix... 
flat tire  hopefully daddy can get me back on the road soon!!
i still cant believe the van is gone.  so many great memorys
@justinforrest i hit the car. he turned out in front of me. 
My 1999 Expedition might finally have met its demise. Done in by another newer, probably jealous, SUV.  http://plurk.com/p/owao1
Trucks and cars &quot;braving&quot; the flooded street are stalling. I think I'll be here awhile. 
@mileycyrus you're so lucky to actually have a car, aha. well a working one. i crashed mine. 
@DawnRichard un-crash my car 
They said I was driving too fast so I got taken off the wheel 
Checking on a empty car got a call about attemped suicide. 
I feel horrible! I slammed my dogs  tail in the car door. 
@JodieBecks that suckss i was at the monster truck rally  haha  n i took robbies cell by accident also lolllll im the worst
Kso, i'm scared of the dark. And i just walked matt out to his truck and got scared and he laughed at me.. 
@Sarnie24 I had to bring my car in the shop today. No car=no ride.  have fun though!!!
Starting under safety car  #f1
I'm gutted my car has been written off, why can't people look when they pull out especially when my babies were in the back 
safety car. 
My dads car is dead :@ no food shopping spree 
I'm wearing my BMW t-shirt today, so it's quite upsetting to see them struggling so much 
gaahrharhas! cant find his car keys 
@Lucasbamf I'm so close to buying a new car.I had a near death experience in the car today with the train and fucked up ALL my wheel grip 
Just bought new tax disc for my car. The first of many, many car related expenses this month 
car door broke, car door fixed, car door broke, car door fixed, car door broke, car door fixed, got in to go the shops-car dead 
I wish i had a convertible  driving with the windows down will have to suffice for now
Vacuuming my car's carpet - we got flooded in the parking lot ! How bad. 
spin_that: Wants coffee &amp; food but I forgot my car isn't here and the truck won't start. 
My beautiful car is getting trashed from street parking  I wish people would learn how to drive.
@wmariano I need to do that more but there isn't any parking for bikes. 
My new car smell is gone... Now it smells like a camp fire..... 
car crash 
help my battery in my car is dead!!!!!!!  
Really wishes she could wind this weekend back and not have someone crash the car into us 
had to drop the car at a relative  shuldve anticipated another bad monday !
And this vehicle is shit  I want my truck back! &gt;_&lt;
@fallingfortruth I could but I have no gas in my car.....  
Also to add insult to injury haven't even use it in the car!!!! 
Car broken 
I hate when it crazy rains  my car can't handle it lol
Wretched weather. alexs note washed off my car 
my sisters taking my car to learn to drive  it had better come back in 1 piece!
Finally made to work (car trouble)   http://myloc.me/5aO
of all the days i picked THIS one to be without a car..hrmpf.. 
 got in a huge car accident today. not feeling well.
@christine_luu my car has black leather interior too  i hope its not like this for prom lol
My car battery is flat and i'm stuck here in the car park until the racv arrives. They said about an hour 
getting deafened by a tractor 
In the car with wanda..going to school.. 
I dropped the scooter 
@mileycyrus No, it wouldn't drive me crazy, but I would definitely fear for your life because if you were in a car crash, you could die. 
@jackyj510 wat kinda car does he have?..and why doesnt my car hug me?  
Today, i saw 16 police cars. Six of them followed me 
how was the #chchtweetup? sorry i couldn't go...i was car-less yesterday due to my car prang 
The fog is horrible. And i can't sleep in this car 
Bimmer fest I wish I can go  http://twitpic.com/4e81n
my voice sounds like a car engine 
Also - do the reactive lenses really not work in cars? 
my friend went up to him when he was outside starting up his car and got his number lol, although, he never texted back  but we still had
riding bikes with my daddyy and little bro.  Missingggg my boooogggerr already. 
poor car. needs a new water pump and belt. no car for me 
My car's brakes are going to cost me over $300. 
@pete_c who is @nelja anyway? I really must get a bike 
gutted my car got vandalised last night  PRICKS
Off to lighten my wallet!  The van needs a new O2 sensor.  
Oh damn. Another accident. The car got hit and swerved to the median. Ambulances and cops 
@ArsenalSarah i had a car crash  x
@B_of_NardandB  my air is broke in my car and apt so im bugging right now   i feel the road rage coming!
@MegzyTred ...they did leave part of their vehicle at the scene but not the license plate 
I lost my ipod! I'm hoping its in my brother's car! 
my car's tire popped on the freeway and it destroyed the fender 
@JennyJS I'm on mobile, so not able to multitask. I should trademark the tractor, i came up with that first. 
 my jeeps alternator went out blahhhh.
Car battery is dying. More expenses I cant afford. 
blown tire 
Just got in the car to do a quick shop .. discovered it's covered in bird sh*t  
@tormodgibson LOL No. There were no sacrifices. Other than me not drinking as I was the designated driver... 
Going to breakfast then to gmas in sonoma to get my car i miss her 
Going back home in a cab ....  car brokedown..
I have a flat tire 
@jendavis I understand! I've put 70k on the car I've had for just 3 years 
So, apparently waiting for the fuel truck, which should be here in 20 mins.  
I think I'm getting car sick 
@chriscmuir @kazito @mixxalot To avoid crush with several other cars I took my car out of the street and hit some trees down hill 
feeling like i got hit by a car,  and still ruminating trustworthiness.  
@Jlwycoff I got an SUV last year and  now I really miss my Honda Accord  
Thinking about what I saw this morning.  Is that his car?
@TEPtracks &amp; you dont know mines...I need a car 
I have to move my car in the am. 
@mamaslyth Congrats on the A!.  about the car.
accidently spilled coke in my car  asdfghj
picking up the rental car today in dusseldorf...then super cleaning the truck for shipping 
@dotknott my car insurance runs out in a week and I can't afford to keep paying insurance on a car that is being repossessed. 
the car people lost my graduation tassel 
sleeping in my car tonight 
There is a police car and two fire trucks down my street. I think somebody died. 
@van_helen when is this? you didnt tell me 
is worry about his car accident 
I just watched 6 cars go by with one person in each... 
Once again at the car shop. I'm hoping my babys car gets fixed  it makes me sad to see him unhappy.
still waiting on my bumper 
My car is covered in evil dust and pollen.  
Missing my truck.  
finally leaving the hospital in one piece...but not my car 
I wish I could get away from car talk 
wrecked my car  next please
if i sell my car i could move over seas or something but where and i am to scared of being lonley 
@kyleman2008..especially after my wiper motor died 
Why NOT to leave you car parked on the street 
My great uncle had a car crash going to see him in hospital 
Oh dear, medical car, I hope everyones ok 
@third_engine i liked evermores first record. since then though, they went downhill 
@cbrooksw haha from the car wash or the lacrosse game? and i'm sad we didn't do the car wash dance 
@zoara car boot sales are being run down too. eg legendary brighton one. 
@yorxbrox my first car was a red top white ford anglia .. but not much racing 
@ananyah His car sucks 
A bird just flew into my car window.  it did not make it. So sad.
might/might not go shopping tommorow  why did the stupid car have to break down??!!!!
Watching his van being towed away 
bumper to bumper on the 80. 
I have to sell my car to help pay for my American exchange... we had so many good times together 
bad dent on my car 
I think I'm an emotional wreck... I can't sleep 
just ate sh*t running to @rubyb23's car, im bleeding 
Chevy is at the vet  poor lil girl xx http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/5914914
I'm off again. I have to buy new car tires for my Yaris after I've had a flat tire yesterday evening. This sucks 
@fouzalsabah I know right??  I left my  umbrella in the car though..
Crashed my car this morning   
lost rear wheel of my bike, stolen 
I don't measure my affluence by what car I drive, but by the fact I don't have a laser cutter yet 
long 3 hour brake 
looked at the thin layer of snow on the car 
Where is the fast blue car? 
stressing ! Grandparents have had car smashed into,  and cat has been in a fight 
So I just went to move my car and there were ants all around my car. I hate ants. Now I feel like they're crawling all over me. 
I'm having troubles replacing the brake pads on the car... Who invented insex? 
Getting ready to take the car to the dealer for service 
@DavidNoorigian   Need new tires
in so much pain..got into a car accident yesterday afternoon  my poor car is done
not stoked on my car being stuck at church 
@MattMarzani I hate third wheel 
i wish i couldve stayed at dyls longer  soo jealous of his new car!
@Exzylen did your car get hurt? 
and and!! 3 birds have pooped on my car since i washed it, how unlucky am i 
listening to chasing cars by natasha bedingfield, from the leavers assembly. soooo sad 
Oh shoot...I just realized all too late...how can I go to church if my car's in the shop? 
@jfilip That's the worst  Who steals a car?
$200 down the drain because my car got towed   
My dog Wibset just got hit by a car. He is ok, but is in the animal hospital &amp; may have a broken leg. I am so sad 
@LiatTsarfati car doc doesn't know yet. he thought it was fixed, but I guess he was wrong 
who knew car shopping is so hard? 1000s of cars, picky parents, very very little time. i'm starting to get stressed out 
@neelannair I saw the audi showroom today..couldn't convince my parents to enter though when they saw the cars from outside 
http://twitpic.com/5ddpr - This was lodged in my tire 
At the car shop. 
#badchoice I helped wind up a mate, we told him his previously owned car was written off at the track, he believed it, spoilt his evening 
will never ride another scooter again! 
my sholders hurt  I really hope that I can find my truck in black cause red is ugly.
My face still hurts  I hate car doors
are still trying to make sense of the accident we saw yesterday...... car + motorbike = 
Just spent the entire kRudd's stimulus on Car rego and insurance 
only likes one of his bikes.. And doesn't love any of them.. This is bad 
@JennyJS lol its going good have to get a new car  having car problems lol but its going. can not wait for the show
@sweetsheilx i have a license just not a car or insurance for one :\ its expensive 
Just saw 2 beautiful golden retrievers get hit by a car. Traumatising!!! 
I have a headache now  (Probably because of screaming at passers-by through the Mustang window), I think I'll lie down for a while..
heading home..  long car ride.. 
first tricycle back-ride in 4 years because i used my car as a belt for a lamp post 
is having car troubles 
How embarrassingly incompetent - car battery is flat and I don't even know how to open the bonnet 
@insanityreport was the $540 for all four?  We're going tmw to change our tires. 
Three birds tried committing suicide using my car this weekend. I blame global warning. One was successful 
I guess I will wash my dirty car 
Arrrrrgggg.... could need a cash cow to pay bill from garage for my car 
http://twitpic.com/5fatp - my poor car after hitting a deer. 
Car was on fire... 
@Beckers115 I bet the metro was quicker than this drive! traffic sucked  what's up with your car?
Also, my rental car reminds me how much I miss driving a car. 
@jimh I was ! I had to give up my career as a F1 racer as I could not fit my wings into the car 
one more car payment and the car that isn't running will be mine! all mine!!!  too bad i can't give it back and get all my money back. 
@MunaLisa because i got in a car wreck, not doing so good in school, and i dont kno what i what to do with my future. 
@IanJenkin no its a brand new car  *cries*
@miznatch haha thanks! I had help though!... I hope you get your car issue figured out! 
@norkie aww i would! no car though!  and i need sleep one day.
Last day to drive the car   this doesn't look to good! But hopfully it will be sorted and I can taxi you all around again ;)
So its five in the morning and i left my ipod in the car 
In the car with my dad. I'm using his phone to tweet! Why is it so traffic! 
@hassankhosseini no I was in a taxi with a colleague so it took a pic of the car but not me 
Seriously though... Those were gunshots... They were not fireworks... They were not a car backfiring... Those were 5 or 6 gunshots. 
going to look for brake pads for my husbands Miata again... 
I feel like I've been run over by a truck. 
Girlfriends car got broke into 
whacked @topherhelper in the head while opening the car door 
 expensive car repairs   
I love it when my dog throws up in the car 
is sleepy and missing his car.  
Still sitting outside. You see, the exhaust in our motor is getting replaced. I'm fucking bored now 
just got to work. sister was attacked and almost car jacked last night 
@BellaTerraRVRes Ah, but that would require an RV. I don't have one, it was an aspiration that hasn't materialized - like many things. 
@peopleyouknow audioplayer van de website gehaald? 
I want a bike..... 
I want a bike 
My cat got hit by a car 
keep tripping over the plasma car.( toy 2 wheeler)  I though I had gotten rid of it...now, how did it make its way back home..?
In town now. Car at garage getting new tires. They're expensive 
its so cold and my sweater is in the car 
my car was running so amazing until i put fuel injection cleaner in it, and now it barely runs.. 
I was really looking forward to the milkshake that is at the bottom of my car 
just detailed the car, lucky because it's now raining 
@Shadii7 my car died on the railroad tracks 
My car wouldn't start + rage= damaged foot 
@julibarcelona car accident; girl rammed into side of my car. min body damage, back axle is messed up! more bummed i missed #smcchicago! 
was involved in a car accident this morning 
My car has broken breaks 
I almost died in what could have been a gnarly car accident involving me and a cop. 
an aston os my dream car but its wishful thinking 
@msalonen I feel like a Truck just hit me too! I also Resemble a man hit by a truck! 
just called Toyota. Car won't be ready til 5. 
3/4 through project car 1. 
Now the mosquito truck is waking me up 
@davidmarkscott another letter for you - this one car insurance - ouch 
a dog got hit by a car in front of jamies house 
@anaruba I need carseats 
Just got past really bad crash.........car was mangled 
at a auto shop getting m suv fix ugh more $   http://twitpic.com/66of2
- me and my mom's cars were broken into.  I feel violated.
my car is in at the garage &amp; is not coming out anytime soon! last time I heard the gearbox was the problem, still waiting for the quote. 
@deadra I could have bought a Vespa with the amount of money I just spent 
I forgot to put on sunblock before getting in the car 
Ugh i hate not having my car!! i miss you my little ford focus!!! 
@lpostlethwaite no I wish. Just a van that comes round. We missed him 
I kinda like not having a car but there have been situations lately where I have been prevented from participating due to my carlessness. 
my parents sold my car. 
@MorningMajor yep,raced round it in cars and bikes,its only 40mins away,dont av much motorsport there now,its more planes n choppers now 
just woke up to a flat tire 
Truck has bit the dust, don't know if I'll make the Mustangs game tomorrow 
Trying to stay upbeat while I wait to get my keys out of my locked car 
Yay! The playdate is back on but my van's transmission is  dead 
Car shopping with kacy yay 
almost got in a giant car accident on the 101 
@LBigs sooo, i saw RObs car drive by. but that was about it 
Just changed my car tires, cost me a bomb. 
I believe a man died in a car wreck today just right down the road.  It happened at 12 and at 2 he was still in the car. 
@kristanmarie at least you dont have quad parking haha two cars drove by real fast and spashed mud all over me 
sitting at the chevy dealership in utah waiting for the van to be fixed 
car broken probably for good 
argggggg car crash tv its just sooooooooo horrible to see her like that  #bgt
sitting in the car with my cat. he keeps meowing and i feel so bad 
It's car crash tv at it's worst. 
@kimmyownsyou @bkmaarten They don't do car audio 
frame damage... car could be totalled 
Someone keyed my car. 
Drove a #Mazda #RX8 today and boy, that car is fun! Sadly though, I don't find my car that much fun any more 
really hopes her car's illness is not terminal... 
I left my ipod in the car so now its all warm. 
The engine on my car blew 
@lyndygirl any suggestions on how to get rid of that lovely gasoline smell? As it is still in my car 
I heard an icecream truck and took of like a shot but I couldn't catch it. 
my car is broke 
Sports car + curb = flat tire. 
@survivorqueen I can't shes taken my keys to muh car. 
cars,,,,cars....cars.....I need one. ha ha. The one I found last night, that I wanted so bad! is now sold. And not to me 
So tired of driving, I really could use a chauffeur 
Finally got my car in to get the oil changed.. 214mi after it told me its oil was exhausted! 
can't go out tonight car is acting funny   wat shall i do???
Car engine died...again 
i think the birds are making my car their target practice. 
LOL a new puppet commercial... kobe jumping into a car.. i thought lebron was going to run him over  lol
Car is acting up again. 
@empressmile did you get in a car accident?  hope all is well! #unfollowdiddy &lt;--lol
Just got in a wreck! 
@empressmile did you get in a car accident?  hope you &amp; your car are okay! lmao at www.unfollowdiddy.net how hilarious! #unfollowdiddy
there on twitter it sooo sad how one of the fonders died ina car acident 
@BhayyBeecakes there on twitter it sooo sad how one of the founders died in a car acident 
Grandparents were in a bad car accident.  fml
the taxi driver called me a boy 
I wish I had a bike 
My car retarded  they hid the battery *his bun bun*
Sleeping in the car tonight  not looking forward to it at all.
Lonely inside ry's van  lol
Just narrowly missed a car accident on dale mabry. A car pulled out in front of me and we almost plowed into them  shaken.
in the car pouting cause i still dont have my phone.. 
Taking both cars and the boys to the car dealership tomorrow for maintenance. What a beating...  At least hubby will be there!
keys locked in the car 
I hate driving a pos. I miss my car 
@mimiana no car. Or I wouldn't be bored.  maybe I will paint my toenails...
Packing the car and being attacked by midges. Not good. 
My great night just got slightly less great with the news that my valet lost my car keys again, leaving me with only one key to my car 
just got rode home by the cleves police.... my car died... 
@GinnyFromDaBloc she cant come!!  Car shopping today meant no study meaning she can't come tomorrow!  She has an exam on weds 
Having no car sux 
Hey im tired sittin in the car 
my car is gone for the day  i hate being stranded!
my parents lovee to dicth me and my sisterr &amp;&amp; 'coz they want too go out i carn't 'coz i havee to look afterr cass  bummerr.
I'm having no luck trying to buy a car 
cannot fix my scooter 
Its bloody roasting in this Fecking car 
Currently think I'm lost or the driver at least. It's too hot 
Only about 50 cars still ahead of me at the inspection station 
@alexandramusic my aerial doesn't come off!! I can never go to a car wash 
at the car pound 
This bus driver must think he's driving a race car. I appreciate the speed but I would like 2 reach my destination in one piece. 
No car  Just a ring that doesn't fit.
the problem with having an SUV is its hard to see small things on the road like that 2 foot pole that I backed up into 
 have to take car to mechanic fml.  #talesfrmsurbs
I got up cleaned the pond, went to car bootsale and got sun burned  now hiding in shade reading...
Note to self: the cab suv/van things don't have as comfortable seats as the cars 
Y!:is tired of looking at the shattered window on his car  http://twitter.com/miguelowen
Just turned my car on for the first in 6 months after I crashed it. It doesn't look good. 
@LeafsFaninBigD how can that be alot? It's one dollar per litter here!! Argghhh lol  Car is ok, wiper is fixed FINALY!
@eddcunningham We're in the same boat hun. It's beautiful, and I've just spent my morning trying to get tags for my car, and failing. 
@karlerikson I can't take a car. The babysitter will need it all week. 
so when did renewing your vehicle reg go up to $40??? Not what's up 
i can't ride my bike with no handlebars 
If the economy would've been good, I would've been in a newer faster car by now, its been 6 months since my last 4 wheeled toy 
car inspections suck.......when they find something wrong with your car 
@LoveRen sounds awesome! I don't have my car 
almost got in a car accident 
Oh sigh. Truck looked great but had some underlying issues. Not meant to be 
Wishing I had my own vehicle again. 
I hate car drives. 
Now this just getting sad.. got my car back.. took it to work and it majorly overheated! 
i love how my car is falling apart 
Cars cost too much.  
No protesters  did go past car wash with avder mask on
FUDGE!!!!!!!.....forgot about my car 
its so cold but i need to go out for walk to get my car 
Waiting for my car at an auto repair shop  - its been almost 30 minutes since the time they promised my car would be ready....
@jeffscottbrown nah, i wish.  everything is in my car 
Where's my ipod when I need it  hot and bored in the car not a good mix.
That was it. Car is down for at least 4 more days - vacation is over before it actually started  will drive home again and go for car rep
washed the van and cleaned the lights, looks clean now , but my car is still dirty 
Just seen massive car crash at the top my street. Car overturned, police, ambulance... the whole works 
a neighbor got her car stolen from our complex this morning.  can't wait to move out of the ghetto.
Pickles just spilt in my car 
Is out on the motorcycle. 
why do you take both sets of car keys!! gah! why!! 
I'm bored right now and idk what to do...I want a car 
really bad motorcycle accident in annapolis 
My cars alternator hates me!!! He's always upset 
sadness was revealed...this man was walkin across the street..n a pickup truck hit him!  i dont think he made it..i seen a homicide truck
went to the dealership   drove a 4 door jeep   loved it     can't afford it 
In the car still... No superise. I just saw a dead bunny 
car shopping... disappointed that BMW sold the car I was looking at 30 minutes prior to me arriving at the dealership 
@MattyMurderTM same here buddy  my bf has my car ugh.
is recovering from a car accident. 
Birds only poop on my car after i wash it!  
RV out for the season 
Watching motor cross makes me sad 
@dazzystar5 just really annoyed about my car  it's just so unnecessary and inconvenient. did you go see the movie?
I really need my Jeep back! 
@mpanighetti now I know how you feel without a car. But I can't take the train to work 
I'm so the third wheel... 
@ChristinaSerra  we weren't leaving. our van was broken down.
@BigRoond2633 no trust me this sucksssss. I've been praying he doesn't throw up in my car 
wishing my car didn't just take a poop.  
i lost my car key but not my house key 
Ugh early morning car ride home 
Lovely weather but I really wish the aircon wasn't bust in my car 
ZADIG ForEVER: ....I just realized I don't know what I did with my broken-off car antenna 
upset. Car is dead. 
My bmw has a flat tire 
Off to a long ride in the car  
Feeling sad for selling my Corsa  But I think I`ll have the same fun with Punto though...
Is in a Prius on my way to the airport. I hate this bit.  The longest point from home 
@lisrock  sorry to hear that... Volvos should know better than that!
In the theater parking lot, a car rolled backwards out of its spot and hit another car!!! 
Car broke 
http://ping.fm/p/vunMs - Is sitting at a tollbooth indefinetely because her car died in gear and alternator won't hold a charge  and a ...
I have car racism. I hate white cars and get nervous when too many of them are around me 
Why is it always so windy?! The basketball net fell on my car this morning 
@JamieKnight Her car  Not insured to drive it. I tried getting a shot of it with a white background...
At the car wash..I'm truly gonna have 2 start washing my own car 
@ilmv - dang, going to have to isolate it the hard way  What colour is the car?
@car2nsrkewl yeahhhh... i feel like an idiot! 
UGH, chevy tahoe, or yukon denali OR the 350 z car is ahhhamazing! I want one of them 
The graduation magnet disappeared off my car. 
still sooo deeply disappointed at myself for ruining my own car  i shouldn't have pushed me precious pearl so hard  
packing the car to head to the airport. wishing we had another week here.  
I con't believe i'm missing the car wash today. 
I had a ant invasion in my car  what a terrible creatures!
such a long car ride 
little half-sis keyed my rental car  
I just saw a tow truck go by with a completely destroyed car. 
You'll never guess what kind of car i'm getting! 
I was just car shopping/browsing and I suddenly wished I had a copious amount of money so I can buy a new, not used, car. 
Sitting in my car upset.  
damn car is broken again..wont have it til tuesday 
lol nvm. i didnt actually see it, cuz my parents were going in the Smart Car which only holds two people 
jeep is bleeding coolant.  dropping off at mechanic. $$$
@travisrail i may or may not have left my phone in your car on accident, sorry 
Ugh I have a flat tire. 
@janinehrtsnkotb hopefully they can't tell. It was just the hub cap and they weren't in the car so I rushed in  wah, I'm nervous...
two more weeks for my car. omg, I literally can't take it anymore. 
I hate when cars headlights are more white then yellow... I can't see 
@starstruck76 car. 
@spikemaniac Yay I love twilight too but missed the trailer 
@AlejandraDuhh i so would but theres no more room in the car 
@EmilyAllTimeLow the crew were walking ahead of the car, i'm glad they missed the chasing. i feel bad for matt though uggh 
@seanownsthewrld: come to falafel hut and i will. I don't have my car 
My car gets uplifted today to go to the after-crash garage. I don't want to part with it 
@whyyyshyyy it was raining quite heavy just now. &amp; i got no umbrella to my car 
Auto gearbox clonk equals about 1800 quid evidently 
@jaws_1 I'm sure we have that too, it's just that the cars don't stop to let us past 
went for bloemingdale but ended up in sonsbeek park. Car broke down 
waiting for the car doctor to come get mums car... who should have been here about 3 hours ago 
Ugh I'm getting ready to head to the car dealer 
i only loved it coz of the trailer but not so much now 
@KingdomFirstMom we have about 1700 sq ft, 1 car garage, no yard 
@tkrewson no I wasn't not at 12:30.  It was a bike.  
Now that GM is going to bankrupt, what's going to happen with Cadillac? 
@thebengine it was saturday at the ottobar, but i ended up not going  too lazy to move from couch to car
is cleaning out her car in hopes of finding her missing camera.... so far nothing. 
trying to find a bike shop that is open 
Wondering what happened at the bottom of the street this morning.  Doesn't look good with cop cars and a forensic truck.  
Needs to change my car tire, but its raining out . 
Car seat check called off, officer was not there.  now i've really wasted my morning.
went to work on my bike cuz my car in shop 
Goodbye Pontiac, Saturn, Hummer and Saab. 
Just dropped my car off to get the door fixed for 119!  boo!
theres just been a car crash 
And we just found out her husband was killed in a car accident over the weekend. 
waiting for the tow truck 
Leaving my truck at the shop for a week 
@BrownTink:Calling SUV on a parent constitutes a child being hit BY an SUV from the parent,..but thats OldSkool child discipline=jailtime 
Car repairs are expensive... 
had to pay a huge garage bill for the car 
Sitting in my car at lunchtime again 
@innocentsheep Did your van die? 
Swapped spare tire in Jeep. This weekend's cleanup left a roofing nail in the driveway 
Ugh my car radio is not working. 
I just went down my street and saw the squirrel  it looks like the pressure of my car popped his head off.   
I want a free BMW!  
get your Hummers while stocks last, #GM is going under 
i just washed my car and of course it rained 
If this hail dents my car i am going to be highly upset! 
enjoying my last days with my rabbiiit.. so sad, i love my car.. 
Still waiting my bike 
You don't truly realize how far and how fast you can get on a bicycle until you have to walk back 3 miles after getting a flat tire 
finally has his vehicle stickers....2 hours later 
@caseymh you need an entire axle now? 
@ anothermccoy: I'm here! In the car with brooks, no pets allowed! 
@jasoninsv I'm on the side of i10 with brittinys mom trying to get her truck fixed  sowwy
@mingramjr no....  thats why I want to fly.   I have don't a lot of travel via car now I just want to give my Jeep a break and fly.
Yay for having a semi back into my car 
Just hit a bird with my car 
fml i have no car 
Has anyone used a mobile mechanic like lubemobile? Car dead in driveway, needs resuscitation .. it's not the spark plugs 
I decided against selling my laptop,I love it too much haha,but the car...  may have to go ((((
my car 'died' on the side of the highway. today was epically shitty.  I want to smile.
has something wrong with my car 
i saw a dead cat on the street this morning. it was run over by a vehicle. 
Just hit 160 thou on my truck 
I hate seaweed ...........   and @melissachea! you never told me you got a car bitch!
Its extremely chilly outside  I will be car less for the next 3 weeks or so boo..
I got in the truck to come to the store and the steering wheel felt gigantic &amp; still does. 
Note to self- never take car anywhere. She has a mark from a shopping trolley 
I locked my keys in my car again 
I got in my first car accident today 
Being the fifth wheel always sucks 
I'm in full control of the ipod in the car @justcherie is sad 
...so my mom parked her car at metro then went on the skytrain...she comes back a couple hours later and our car had dissapeared! 
i need to get the battery replaced for my car zapper. When i use just my car key to unlock the alarm goes off but im lazy.. 
i want my jeep 
@michaelfortney idk I don't have my car here  but I need to gtfo of this house..
I miss @third_engine 
its not?cool?when someone hits your car 
Just pparked her car badly and is wondering weather she should go rectify it  wish i was a gurd driver xx
just parked her car quite badly, wondering weather i should go rectify it, wish i was a good driver  xx
Finally finish cleaning the garage so I can rebuiled my cars engine 
car problems  off to the garage soon, not before coffee and sum tunes!
Wish i had my bike with me 
@rebeccawatson Hit by a car again.  She seems to be a bit bruised, but needs another new bike. SUV driving tw@'s.
@Kouneli Car crash?  You'll be sleeping a long while if you do that. D:
is looking for lower arm bushing for my car. 
Car FAILED  i won't be going back to that ripoff garage again!!
Unforseen complications: 1st summer in 14 years without a Camp Jeep event. 
Off to give my company car back... and more! I really hate all this paperwork that has to be done 
The Hummer is going to go 
My car battery died.  but I have a wonderful little brother who fixed it! Thanks markie
Not amused by the blue smoke coming out of the car 
no more bmw touring cars 
im off to darlington, my car is going to be maafffttttingggg! i am going to melt 
some stupid woman hit my car today and tried to drive off....my poor lovely car 
@DesertRoads No I haven't seen the trailer 
Looking at motor insurance sites is boring, particularly for this non-motorist 
i need to look into some new tires for my car today.....more money 
Taking my car into the shop today 
i really hope my car is not just a brick now 
There's an ants nest in my car    
@GabeRealz I have to give my car an oil change 
The car's suspension is bended and costs another $400 to fix 
Geezzzz, Hummer going to the Chinese, what's next on the list, the Vette??? GM, you suck! I'm a F..F...Fo...Ford man now!!  #fb
So there's these 2 Aviators in the parking lot... One is &quot;silver birch&quot; color and one is &quot;birch&quot;... So I'm why my SUV changed color. Duh. 
Mexcipakin mah car 
2 wheeler riders in our cities should assume that all other vehicles will make all the mistakes... in the interest of their own safety 
My bike is dying 
Truck still in repair shop. . .waited all day for it and for the gardener to arrive to mow the very high grass. . .both no-shows  
cars makin funny noises.. 
Jeep said &quot;reopen an old wound&quot; at 2009! 
@ohsoverikeri it wasn't that serious, I survived unharmed, but my car has a big dent 
My car is making a funny noise. I think it's sick too 
can't wait to get a car, walking in the cold is seriously not fun anymore 
still cant find my car keys   god dam it
stupid cars stupid head gasket  no car for like a week
Still no tires.  This is taking too long 
Has to get a new tyre for her car as I had a puncture at weekend 
just drove from fgag to home!! car stalled on the main road and i fully panicked!  was quite scary!!
@ saloon. I'm bored 
@__MissB what no audi for him? what about no Ford Mustang for me??!!? 
Sitting and waiting for my car getting a repair... 
might have prematurely talked up the homeshop..truck still not here 
I want a motorcycle 
@MelSparkles multiple car incident according to the highways agency.. 
@meagansdesigns I feel the same.  I'm sitting in my car at a parking lot &amp; waiting for my commute bus.  I already missed one  @6:30.  
Fueling truck up with high dollar fuel. 
Bad thing though will be the less of financial power, so less development for the car, engines, gearboxes, electronics, etc.  #f1
Putting my truck on drive n heading to work.   lol
my driving instructors left... my driving wasnt that bad? 
@LaurenDaversa It's raining again this morning and I am car-less 
keeps seeing cars that are the same as his 
i just got hit by a truck, im ok but my car isnt 
I have a sick car. 
Lucys being so good in the car, like its natural for her, I feel bad driving her to get cut open 
@ninimpb ah thank you  i've not been doing it long but finding it fun. Car spider has gone now 
dropping car off to shop today...brakelines went...i want my baby (car) back 
@johfloh no we didn't. We've forgotten the camera in the car 
Just been out mountain biking and buckled a wheel 
@ohhhleann i hit a sign that was laying in the road &amp; it royally fucked my car 
my car is not a compact, but a mid-size sedan. alas, only compact spaces are available. 
No car its at the shop 
@M0chaLatte i would if i had my car...me and the radio have become good friends lately 
and i found a missing key!! it was not, as i'd hoped, inside a magical shoe from clarks  but instead, in the car. how boring.
een chinese Hummer   ?! http://tinyurl.com/r3jrxw
I had to get a new tire 
Just lost my driver to a tree 
It's late, but I still need to fix the flat tire on my wife's bike. 
At the mazda dealer getting the car serviced, last free one  http://myloc.me/2GtW
has to take my car to the shop 
@MartyBTV sitting in my car eating cherries...no spa for me today 
has just smashed his car onto a truck... surprisingly, the truck didn't have any damage 
not washing my car. because my roomie said it'd be stupid to do it today. 
@Daneomite I've found that I can't do as effect a parking lot do-nut with a Vespa. Hertz won't rent Porsches to me any more though. 
my car is gone..on its way to chicago 
Sean wouldn't hold my hand to walk to the car after school 
Is getting a new tire. They're expensive!! 
@malindaoo2 its always raining.  I jus wish I could get my car running right. 
so upset my paint on my car is gone! stupid rain! 
Swimming and never caught that redbull car earlier . . . sad day 
Poooor ravinder is dead  rip my friend! .....don't worry its just a car. But an amazing car!!!!
My husband sold the vmax motorcycle  I wanted it, but &quot;women don't belong on bikes&quot; #fmylife ????
My limo driver would know where to go, but, he is on holidays 
@calebtweets I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but most cars just don't start if the alternator isn't working. 
Car shopping was a bust  i wish i was rich!
@sayhellobird I would go on errands more often, but I get car sick 
stupid truck drivers! almost got in a car accident 
is without a car for the weekend. 
I wrecked my car texting and driving!!!!  I guess thats why it's illegal 
http://twitpic.com/6pgvh - just got in a wreck with a bmw 
I officially have my apartment.... But can't move in for another week cause the truck  Needs new brakes 
Just kidding. Scootering to sportscenter my bike was flat 
Going to pick up my car...$600 for front struts 
@phiggins that probably means you got one of my armored cars which is worth 300K 
Now i know why i didn't want to take my car to be inspected  ...so 512 dollars later......*steamed*
yeah, can't drive for a while  new car new car!
good news!! i got a bike!! bad news... my car is dying  good news... i have a bike now in case my car dies!!
Oh no the display on my car doesnt work so we couldnt tell what station to go to  had to journy back to alexs house !
I smell like sex from being in the car all day. 
want my car back 
Having the windows down in the car really isn't a good idea, it's freezing 
@twistingaether uggh, cars suck like that... 
My MacBook is better! But no one to pick it up for me! No car to drive myself. 
My car broke down 
@FLFMgroup @barbibritiana car is also under water 
if it has wheels, there will be trouble.  another flat tire. 
I forgot my ipod in the car. 
ugh. hate being sober and not having brought my own car. 
@charlisse226 does my purse that is in your car have my wallet in it?? i cant find all my cards! 
No more truck...  ***N@G***
Just saw the worst car accident ever. make me so scaredd to drive. the car litteraly flipped a foot away from us. then went on firre! wtf 
there are many ants in the car 
I m on a car destination disney it run 
#smallwins mousetrap car traveled 17m #bigloss showing off caused mousetrap to break  now starting again
@briiiiipolden when I'm not in the city I have no choice and have to drive my car :/ the prices are suppose to go up 
@TripiKitten the stupid pizza man totaled it!  now i don't have a car and i really need one.
At the hospital.  i feel so bad about jeremys car and i really hope hes ok.
my car is about to be infultrated by projectile vomit 
its not?cool?when someone hits your car 
doesn't want to wake up in the morning to go and get a new battery for my car.  
morning! have to fix my subwoofer in my car.. don't know what wrong with it 
stilllll cleaning blue cruisers out of my car 
In drivers ed car  wishing I was on the bus to six flags right now
I wish BMW wouldn't play chicken in these qualifying sessions, it doesn't do me any good 
wish i had a little car now 
gluten free + truck driving... not always a compatible pairing, unless you can live on chocolate 
Guess it's not as expensive as last year, probably won't the same great deal on a Cadillac this year 
Totally forgot that I was in a wreck last night. So depressing to remember that your car is busted up 
They double booked the place for the car wash 
The jeep has started smoking 
JUST crashed my car or w/e. windshield completely broke and the airbag hurt bruised my hands 
@zebedeejane i know im in for the day scotts taking the car so i cant go anywhere 
@TylerThurston I see well that's good that they fixed it. U are selling your truck 
I am so worried that when my car goes to the shop they are gonna total it.  I cannot afford a new one!
at starbucks while they firestone fixes his car for $300....   
at starbucks while firestone fixes his car for $300.... 
Ugh..once again my car needs fixin 
My poor car is now $500 in scrap metal. Would have been way less had I not worked my charm. Apparently hard to sell a car with no engine 
@yesterdaysprize argh I would but I currently lack a vehicle. 
My car is all wet now 
It's so cold here I have the heat on in my car!  
Yay I broke another mower 
http://twitpic.com/6r3cw - my car is wrecked. 
Porsche event went great, got a few interested people.  Car show - rain 
So car problems is exactly what i wanted right now. 
going home on the car, with a 50000 kg box on my head 
Just got back to the car. I think I've bought a whole new wardrobe. It feels weird not having the results to listen out for. 
At walmart to get car fixed with dad for 4 HOURS NOW!! 
So much pastaaaa.  I hope it didn't go bad while it sat in the trunk of my car last night, haha.
Selling the Camaro if anyone's interested... http://bit.ly/nYU16 A sad day indeed... 
At the car dealership getting a oil change.. I hate waiting by myself 
started washing windows on  my car,  but then it started to rain   wth?
landed! now to figure out a ride back to my car near 101 
@PixelF95 and my bike 
@aims287 no car 
Long day, friend got in a car crash... 
Boring car show 
Finshed cleaning my car and now I think its going to rain 
Changed oil with dad and refilled air in some tires. I love my car but it needs so much work.  It still needs new brakes and windows fixed
I'm seeing Escalades everywhere! XD I want one so bad. 
Segway's have a weigh limit of 260 
my boyfriend got in a car accident today ! 
my car juuust reached 10,000  i dont like it
It smells like pee in my car 
@ShellyRenee lol tell me about it! Already no car charger 
I am an irresponsible adult. I finally put my summer tires on my car today 
@thederekmartin it just sucks that I have put about $1000 into my car in the last month... And it's all on the tire region. 
just dropped off my car at the shop  i mean its cold out, why is it running hot?? :/ LoL
The only text i've got today was from my sister telling me she was in a car accident. 
But now the car won't start - oops. 
gltch486: But now the car won't start - oops. 
@GillianIsGreat That taco truck is good 
i'm playing computer games and i lost my car somewhere in a carpark.. 
car not behaving.  it already needs a check up.  now it may need more.  $$$ 
Only 7 seat belts=2 cars 
I wish I was cool like @funkayy and had a bike to work on 
so you know what really sux. a day away from signing to buy a 2010 Camaro and finding out your prolly not gonna have a job in 6 months 
@aurabesh I seriously envy you right now. I grew up wanting to have a motorcycle, but I had the accident before I was old enough. 
still nursing my sick vehicle. 
wishing a had a new car already 
I hate long car rides it kills my back 
I think I heard a car crash outside my house during one of the street races  While I was in bed 
Bad car news. The front bumper cover, grill, headlights, hood, both fenders, the cooling system and alarm all have to repaired/replaced 
Just finished working  with 1.5 hours delay! will wake up at 9:30 to go on a Vespa tour. that's the only good thing right now.
Truck rollover southbound 168 and 81st 
Truck's dead!  I'm very sad. 
@BMW sorry, I'll get off the train.  #didntmeantoscareyou
listening about cars and driving 
my car broke down 
I'm soooooo going to get a speeding ticket  my poor car being pushed to it's limits LOL
Third wheel 
Its so gloomy over here in north van 
Worried for my Camry who's battery just died 
 Jeep breaks down, put 4 sale, person buys it, it runs perfect as they drive off. WTF?
Ah i hate being a third wheel 
a bicyclist was just hit by a car infront of the movie theater and the body is laying in the road still 
@cmhwolf not kidding unfortunately...waiting for the tow truck 
had tomato cages strapped to the roof of the car (SUV) and totally hit the garage door pulling in.   I thought I had clearance.
Honestly, if I traded in my car I would b very sad  me and rexy have a bond. Nothing a camero couldn't fix
@jaykpurdy i just got in my first car accident ! 
Waiting in the car outside super taqueria 
mother fuckerrr. i left my ipod in the car! 
i feel sick.and dizzy.the road.traffic.cars.people.aahh.headache 
Wow really bad accident on 95 south. Car fliped over. 
@iamglennie no toasties in the car 
@nileyxlove totally!! i don't like seeing the trailer over and over again because it makes me sad that we don't get to see it yet. 
Home after a nice evening with a new client, too bad I can't find a parking space...out in my car 
hates car accidents 
searching carsguide.com for cars i wont be owning anytime soon 
parents decided they want the car now i cant get to sams 
@nanceh89 @mishacollins I'm considering mounting a rescue mission but my white horse was turned into a NIssan Micra overnight 
@Daisygirl8814 im sorry. that sucks.  is the car operable?
Queuing at car wash. I'm so sleepy and tired. 
Waiting for the driver! +.+ I hate waiting 
That shoud be Volvo...see what I mean by frustrating 
Just been for a paper and dinged car on the way back - reversing to let a van through and scraped a wall 
It just cost me $45 to fill up my truck!. WTF is up with gas prices? $2.91 a gallon.   
I still have to paste my flat tire, but it's still raining and I don't have a garage 
My bike was stolen... 
in the car on my way back to orlando 
@masomandy ha that sucks about your car 
@eric_kennedy why is your car going to explode?  that would be so sad.
in the car on the way back to nyc. 
These stupid hailstones are setting off all the car alarms when I wanna sleep 
I lost my car in the parking lot 
Just saw a car accident! And had horrible flashbacks 
@hopefullyjaded the new car??!! So glad she's ok though! 
This hippie chick is in here telling me about how she lives in an RV and travels the country and her pit was bit by a snake last week 
@meegusmaster aww.   I get sad when cars die.
In a broken down car   stupis lexus
@lynaem_88 sadly they are covered by the cars... there are construction works and all the traffic has been deviated in my road... 
Trying to fix my 4 wheeler. It broke again. I think i need a new motor for it  or find one to use parts off of!!!!!!!!
UGH.  I hope they got the problem fixed.  I don't like seeing the hood up on that car. 
got to get black chocolate (my car) fix 
@matt_danger That's my ultimate vehicle 
Every girl needs her daddy around to deal with car issues. Unfortunately, mine is somewhere with his RV. 
my poor car is smoking again....stupid gas station man 
Changing a flat tire 
@deepthimurali Even A6 is a front wheel drive... mine too  i badly need a rear wheel drive!
I want my truck back 
@localfruit be hard to fix.u will likely need a new car if it gets worse. *nervously watching for the inevitable block* 
Is in love with this car and does not want to return it 
I love this song and video but the sound of this video is horrible...  &gt;  http://is.gd/RV7s
@Arree looks like bike riding is out 
@RonDeo for reals? i tried looking everywhere in my car and i even cleaned it out but i couldnt find it  hope you find it dude
Thinks there's a dead skunk under his car.. 
Finally moving. Looks like it must have been a bad motorcycle accident 
@MyNameIsLaurrra  I would prefer to punture their car tyres, but the childs football will have to do 
My car hates me. 
12 of the last 24 has been spent in a vehicle travelling somewhere. I am so achey 
My tire popped in the middle of the freeway 
Terrible wreck just happened on 250 by 64.  
@glennedley I want my VW Golf back  now I am stuck with a stupid old BMW that I won't drive unless I HAVE to ( so I stay home a LOT)
was in a car crash a while ago 
i had a clean car and then it rained.  Car not so clean now
Cleaning out my room and found my car title to cobalt 
my car is dead  .. time to get a new one
The crime car is going Lejal 
I spilled a whole white mocha frap. in my car.  fml
starving!!! and cant use my truck 
Reading the stupid driver manual. 
@amandapalmer The trailer was already removed. 
shiit!! i fell of a bike !! i'm so stupid lol but i'm sad 
shiit!! i fell of a bike !! i'm so stupid lol but i'm sad 
holy shit car accident 
Another view of my car  http://tinyurl.com/qqwjlw
@lambyarchangel aw  car crashes suck
@chefgmoney  mine was in a bad car accident last night. i found out today. i'm not doing so good.
my car has been at the garage for over a week now, not having it is driving me nuts 
By a truck.  And were killed. And the worst part was the she happened to drive by and see the crash.  I'm really upset.
Just saw my flooded car for the first time I want to throw up I'm so upset 
@ims LOL it was a car accident.... 3 days after I got my new car... rear collision into a SUV 
While sending that last tweet I crashed my car, I think it's a write of... 
I hate having car problems!  so sad
I really dont feel like washing my Jeep this week 
So @kellyyymarieee is a jerk and locked me in the car 
@jonasgrrl you have to be 21 to drive a rental vehicle 
@MrElliott there were lawn chairs in the middle of a 2-lane fwy; when i swerved to avoid them, i lost control of my car. it's totaled. 
@DjAlizay walkin to the car  ftl lol
@jonasgrrl nope its 21  but van is good lol
needs to pick car up from the mechanic  $$$$  
My kittens are sick  yesterday Moanie got treated at the vet and she's better. But today Chevy went down with d virus too..
@KeishaNicole I wish I was too  ......if I had my car keys id be there no question!
looking for a new car after dismantling my 97 doge grand caravan 
just finished writing my 'to do' list... Includes ironing and cleaning the car 
Me car stereo with built in BTooth is going to have to be sent back to get it replaced I hope,so gutted, 
@niklouch turns out the wheel was buckled  not even sure how you change back wheels because of the cogs  damn car
@letemeatcake ah! i would! but i have to babysit all day! and my car has a flat tire.. 
I am in the car and sad I have to leave the lake 
I am taken back to my high school days this morning. Car is in the shop and I have to take the city bus. 
my bro got into an car accident ! 
@rulesaremyenemy aww  we saw some guys attempt to flip a car, which was effin hilarious 'cause there was 20 of them &amp; they couldn't manage
has nothing 2 do today. Car broke down yesterday and mom took the other car!!!!! So not fair!!! 
Bollox - it is pissing down - ill take the car and get on exercise bike 
so i just woke up and i just watched my car get towed away 
My car is in critical condition.  I'm hoping it can pull through... 
Not thunder, just the garbage truck. 
@6thRound I had kthxbai, but when I got the new truck I couldn't transfer it over and lost it 
i hate when the low fuel light comes on in my car  i'm hungryyyyyyyyyyyyy!
@freudianquips the trailer doesn't look so great 
@katypayne i'm sure i can get a ride over there. but we just wont have a car.. 
i fell off my bike again 
@jtkohlm Yeah, and the Mazda MPV had the Taurus' 3.0L Duratec V6; I thought about one of those, but they don't make 'em anymore. 
torn between cars 
No a\c in florida is terrible. I need a new car 
sitting idle at the tire store ... an hour before they get to my car 
I forgotsted my water bottle in the car 
@damond_vip but I told you I didn't have my car!!! 
has the van in the shop 
What's worse, hitting a squirrel w/your car (I did 2day)  or honking @me 4 getting out &amp; moving it off the street (mean man in BMW)?
Waiting for mi car @ 10carwash 1 1/2 to finish 
Why is it whenever I take my truck to #autodetails it rains  #yeg   http://tinyurl.com/mdlfrg
I do NOT want to give up the Kia!!!  
My car is in the shop I'm sad 
Groceries are good. But I really wish I had a car 
Still no word on my car.  
car insurance went up 
effing hell. well, i guess my car is totaled 
@TheFictionista D: I am so sorry, dear. I hated it when my car overheated. You're not stranded are you? 
@playhouse76 Agreed. The cars cost too much and get taken away so easily 
so the car wash is closed 
Just witnessed a really bad car accident  omgsh i hope these people are okay 
@bfieldss i want my new straightener, shirt, and dvds out of the trunk of your car right now 
Is NOT happy she is driving a loaner car!!!  
@maijinsting lol a Mustang 
@azprgal OmG I wish I could take him/her in! I would like to have a car before I try to get a dog though.  aww it's so cute!
The new Prius commercials really freak me out. 
@jenreissman woooot woooot! I love you butthole  sowwy about ur car!!
i would have offered to help too but i don't know much about fixing cars......  
lamee..sitting around waiting to get car insurance sorted out. i'm late for lunch w/ the 3sum 
@chelsealee26 tell the driver to hurry up 
Just watched a car explode on #mythbusters Wow, totally gutted. No ramp jump 
@Mikechapman1  i know. im pissed because it was my first accident and it messed up my car 
@Roxizzle i tweeted that and then realized i don't have a car to do so..which makes me a twit  lol well seeee..
@Alegrya what happened? why is your car sick 
great. im car-less 
just got in a wreck 
My moms new car puts my new car to shame 
Just got new tires, &amp; now i think my rear axle is about to bust!!  too angry to eat dinner now
@elisabeth1280 I can't.    Its like an auto wreck.
I need a jump because my car battery is dead and no one is answering!  I'm fucked!
Still in shock...got into my first car accident. It wasn't my fault, but my baby car got hurt.  &amp; even with the ugly cry-i got a #..ha
@purrsikat I used to service my previous cars - 1988 Skyline, 1992 Mazda, 1985 Subaru ... but new cars I leave to the pros 
My dad took my car away.   
still can't find my car keys!!!  it's been sad not driving for a week 
@HilM He sells both, but he can't drink and drive cause we don't even have an RV 
Car failed warrent. 
is bummed the transmission on his Volvo went out on the way home today 
Getting my hybrid Schwinny out of my car, he has a flat front tire 
@AndrewQuinzi I would, but I have no car or wings 
@seattlegeekly nooooooo! I only have transport by scooter right now. 
Me and chanda just danced on the highway,, then she shoved me in theback of the car but i hit the seatbelt....it didnt give a all  ouch
found out saturday that there is a leak in my a/c compressor (to be replaced). how much to fix @ midas? $957...car not worth that much. 
congratulate me. i am now the owner of a brand new SUV.  bye, money.
Why isn't the car's stereo system plugged in? 
@phguber i left my car charger in overnight on tuesday and it killed it! soooo no car for me.. 
A cat ran over my car! 
@happyoctopus i dunno how to ride a bike 
Getting my mum's Chevrolet instead  no new car also just slightly bigger compare to 'Msia made mini cooper' n she get new big car sobsob~
The fact that my friend died in a car accident still hasn't hit me. 
@jercrowle what happened to your bike? 
@disneynut1973  I hope they caught the driver
on the way up north, in the car 
@mama_b_10 it's too cold to get out of the car. 
wants my car back from the mechanics 
Car wrecks aren't good 
Just scratched my moms car 
jaxon got hit by a car. and physics still sucks 
I hate not having a car charger. The berry's in the red again 
@melissaks no  i have no petrol, and there's a crack in the window which is being fixed tmoro so I probly wouldn't be able to take the car
My car needs an oil change  i hate waiting
@JustcallmeMac kill him, but no cars involved 
i have to drive to  drive my brother to go pick up his car 
I just heard that an old school friend died in a car crash.. I don't think I've ever been this sad 
stupid power outage @ home. can't open my car garage 
my sunglasses broke in the car today 
Getting the truck washed then taking it to the dealer to sell it* 
So I was waiting in the car and some idiot reversed into us 
just was told my I.d was fake &amp; had to call security over cause they didn't believe I was 29  they thought I was 19 and couldn't rent car
Why is my mum always late to pick me up? This is why i need a car, and a driving license! 
Just turned the cd player on in the car and got rickrolled. Fml 
Man this Smart Car makes me want snowboarding season to come.. Didnt take advantage last season   http://twitpic.com/7k28x
Car damage est at $6000. I'm afraid they're going to total my car. 
Still waiting on that ride to the store... man I miss my car 
i think my mechanic sabotaged my car. my muffler just fell out 
@TokiOwie where the hell is your car at!?  or why don't you drive yet!
@tapbot_paul You're far more likely to get stuff stolen from a car in a nice neighborhood than the whole car in a bad one 
I'm at clawson getting my car fixed, and now my tooth is not so good! 
http://twitpic.com/7k9c8 - 1967 Ford Mustang... I wanttt 
I need some motivating words  just got in a car accident...
I just got pulled over for speeding 
I just ran a little creature over with my car! 
Is having car problems... What could be worse than the transmission. 
I don't like my new driver's license photo. 
it sucks to have your car low on freon in florida. 
the car wash broke my antenna 
The video that was shot with me talking about cars has taken so long because it hasn't been a great year for car companies to sponsor it 
Is the designated driver 
car shopping with/for mom 
Honestly I hope (ruth) the car is dead for good so I can bury it (her)!! She's done enough suffering 
@Mercedes_J Lol I missed it  I wasn't online! I know I shouldve been on lol
I hate getting my oil changed. I hate saying no to things i know my car needs. But i cant afford it at all. 
it cost me $931 to get my car inspected.....damn state inspections 
@kmitts RIP bicycle? What happened to it? 
it just cost $30 to fill my car up. sad story 
@ReineM No accident (luckily). Car died in high speed lane on the way home from RI...had the weekend from hell - I'm on a bad luck streak 
I have seen the most awesome couch, but it's too big and too far away to pick up with alana's car. But it's soooo nice. 
sold all my cars. and should've done it before  #zombieninja
thinks his car has had it 
is working on selling a new beginning bunch of stuff and it looks like the BMW is one of the items that won't make the trip 
My car learned another new trick. I will call this one....smoke from under the hood! 
We're buying another car. Its a coop. 
It's really hard to listen to this woman talk about purses when I have the coolest car ever made sitting outside. 
Heading to return the rental car.  End of vacation 
great day aside from the car wreck!! 
@pollinatewildly All the catalytic converters were broken, &amp; it would cost more to fix the car than it was worth. I sold it for parts. 
but @Atradus i like d bike ...i want d bike ..i need d bike ..d bike n i r one ... its a hot bike and i have a leather jacket to match it 
My car is sick &amp; in the shop 
don't try race if you're driving a smart car  you'll lose too badly
#spymaster they just tweaked the armored car out from under me  $260k for +500 defense was great while it lasted.
@lmwdean aw rats that sucks. So sorry about the car. 
bloody car battery... 
they are too far for driving!! my car is a lease and i cant put that many miles on it  booooooooo
holy crap. the car in #spymaster went from 330K &amp; +890 to 220K &amp; +550 now its 470K and +100 with another car at 6.3M &amp; +500  so no cool...
My car, a police intercepter is not 
In an &quot;it's soo NOT worth it&quot; moment, BMW ONE was just wrecked into in a parking lot by a hit-and-run driver...   #fb
@zubintavaria Actually it was not so bad  - conductor at least starred at my mobile since I was the only guy in the Volvo at the end.
im up,my car is gone 
@Hoshnasi ...try to turn over your car and I don't think insurance covers that. 
Too many tweets about chocolate biscuits, if I had a car I'd totally do a biccie run, but I don't 
my scooter doesn't work 
........not to mention loading / unloading the car up n down all those stairs  
my car is sick.  
its a sad day for me... my car is officially gone..... 
@hanwedge yup and I've rode my bike into a few parked cars too 
Just found a flat tire on my car, will be late 4 work 
@PhotoLea what you could replace the reflector shields and do some rewiring on headlight electrics? I am shit at car stuff. 
Please don't let it rain on my Jeep today!!!....the top's off and the humidity outside is 97% 
going to pick the car up after a service dredding the cost 
Waiting for my car...new brakes were not in the budget 
Car dropped off to be serviced, but hopefully not for too long. 
Out of windshield wiper fluid 
@BrigBee lmao! I lost my car keys yesterday.. 
Truck failed inspection....getting new ball joints and lights 
omg. I'm being bitten by mosquitoes in my car 
Car's dead! 
I just saw a deer get hit by a car. 
Getting my moms car inspected...i should be sleeping 
Trying to book the nct for the car is a nightmare! Grrrrrrrrrrr 
Just towed my car to templepatrick, not a happy chappy 
@iKilan at least they didn't take your whole car. 
My car broke down and I am driving a rental car.  More money down the drain 
i want a bike  !
just got back from car journey. now suffering from car sickness. I have reluctantly decided to have a lie down 
is so sick of dealing with these insurance people. ahhh! i just want a car! 
i finished paying my car about a month or two ago &amp; it now needs a new motor - what a bummer 
Hot as hell in my car... 
I can't wait to get my car back it's been in the shop for 2 days 
I need to get the radiator on my car looked at. 
just passed the nissan dealership on the palmettoo!! I want a nissan 
turning my car in.  text me faggots.
im trying to sleep in the car but i cant 
So much for getting my car in a month 
@JoannaAngel  sorry about your car i hope things get better
@MsLed my car is in the shop 
@follow_vee If you have your car, you should pick me up before you go home. It's rainy 
my car has GOT to be like 100 degrees! 
not getting my car back till friday 
ugh i hate whereing a helmet when i ride my bike.......... 
I have a flat tire 
Having fun in our rental yaris..it's a bit small but cute...yes we're in a rental car again!  kids keep saying is THIS our new car?
scratched the hubcap of my car 
How pathetic is it that i'm sitting in my car sobbing my eyes out with my laptop in my lap and tweeting?! 
@Car_leigh i lost it in the car. i think it went out of my pocket when i was going to school  but i found it!! 
I hate car accidents 
getting everything out of my car  I forgot how bad I fucked it up wowwww
Oh, he got into a car accident.. 
At the car wash... Then off to work 
It is over one hundred degrees and i am seriously dying with no ac in my car! 
The babe got in a car accident  I'm scared
clean but broken car... sadness. stog break 
$$$ flying out the window of a car that won't run... 
Taking my Kia to permanently park it somewhere off our street.  I get confused switching back to it. #fiestamovement
we temporarily have one car. this stinks. 
Car is dead. 
Taking my Kia to permanently park it somewhere off our street.  I get confused switching back to it. #fiestamo.. http://tinyurl.com/n3pdjn
I feel so bad for dad. He's fixing my car in the panera parking lot when he could be sleepin right now 
@therealpickler i love thunder and lightening as long as i am sitting inside and totally safe. i was outside by a car that got hit once 
rip car 
Our car broke down.....again 
@liddlecurtis Awww  I'd totally come get you if i had a car
@bharat2363 i never found her... i took my car so it was hard to park, by the time i got somewhere she was gone 
Says getting your car broken into after a fabulous dinner ....while on vacation is the pits 
dropped my van at the garage  rode to work on the bike 
The nightly news is depressing.  Car crashes, suicides, and now I hear sirens from my window. What's up with the world? 
me car...she be broken... up to 5 days without her 
Thinks he may have a very bad oil leak in his car 
Worrying about brothhers in car accident 
@marnieb CONGRATS - I just sold my car with heated seats  You will LOOOVE them.
I think the shuttle bus driver is a wannabe race car driver  #fb
@supertwitt62 err...no. Car parked on the street 
$295 later, my scooter is up and running and as good as new! now to sell it 
blechhh car accidents suckkk 
the cop in the car next to mine is not hot 
Finally saw the new Mazda 3, I'm not impressed 
Looks like I might lose my car 
just backed my car into a cement pole....not a good day. 
@MasterBoozer am not allowed a motorbike 
@faulko1 I swear those little b*****ds hide in the bushes and then jump out to slap the tkt on as soon as u leave the car! 
looking of ranother car is such a tedious task 
got my car back from the panelbeater for the bump and scratches on the side, but it smells funny now    urrgghhh
@FuckBetty i cnt ride a bike .. i feel you 
@hunterpittman good grief did you get your car stolen?? 
tweeting from my 2009 Camaro (rental  - and waiting for it to Transform... I feel wicked macho
bernie has gone to car heaven.... 
http://twitpic.com/7pxbx - car was hit in parking lot 
Goodmorning, off to work  got to pay the car payment
Ah I missed my car. Yesterday was in husbands dirty, messy SUV 
@multisync I hope the delivery truck runs over it 
Looks like i cant fix my car for less than $1200. This blows... 
Ah I have seen the car I want but I can't afford it to september and I doubt it'll still be around.  I NEED a job!
i have a new car!!! just need to pay  and get the license plate
Helluva media vehicle rotation this month. Last indie-Mopar Caravan, last Swedish Volvo, last Pontiac drive. Taking cabernet suggestions. 
@walterpike eek! Not much luck with cars lately  you ok?
my car is totaled  i suppose you don't actually know how much you love your piece of shit car until it'll cost you $2500 to get fixed.
car down the street at the shop which i have to walk to and pick up. Only snafu is I forgot my umbrella and it's pouring 
Needs to get my car fixed 
http://twitpic.com/7qlew - Just in car accident.  
It's official. I need a new tire 
Car over heated. 
Out here trying to find a car to buy. No luck 
On my way home, car still isn't fixed yet, my poor Kia 
It's raining again &amp; I think something is wrong w/my car tire 
My car is in the shop today 
@tdm911 I am okay, but my poor Kia Sportage is no more. 
Picking my car up from getting fixed. It hurt so bad to sign that expensive receipt 
Just got in a car accident. I was driving, she rearended me. 
So glad i have a truck again.. even if it isn't insured 
all i saw was the white hummer limo 
But the car is still dirty  What a let down.
i want a nice daily driver.. 
I need a moving truck 
Needs a new car asap 
@nagelface but it looks soooo good. my new car has grey leather seats, couldn't recreate the black interior 
http://twitpic.com/7rmrz - @sarahball81 takes my car for one day. This is what she leaves behind. 
Just got out of the worst meeting ever, drove behind the slowest car ever, and now I'm at the worst store ever. 
my car is falling apart 
A B17, B24 and a P51 Mustang in town between now and 12 p.m. tomorrow. Then they go back home  sniffle, sniffle.
damn i didnt make first truck 
will be car-less this week due to the accident 
Just witnessed a car accident on the freeway. It happened right in front of us  thank goodness we are okay.
Pretty sure I just had one of the worst-luck days of my life. Car broke down, late for orthodontist, no amusement park, broke 2 car doors 
Tried to test-drive a new Chevy Camaro today, but none in stock at the dealer. How will they sell them if you can't even see one ?  
has an oil leak in her car... 
I need a car  I miss my baby already.
I just want my bike. 
Pushing worms broke car! 
has to wake up early to take the car in to get wheel bearings replaced 
lol i knew it! preciate it ma'am. i might not be good enough to get a car tho  not yet at least
@UniquelyBrownPC lol i knew it! preciate it ma'am. i might not be good enough to get a car tho  not yet at least
We almost hit a bear with the car...and I didn't even see it 
Not reassured by the amount of water in the car... 
What a night, truck was late and my car has a flat tire, great 
My 1.3 litre '96 Festiva seems inadequate after hearing @jthake has a Mazda RX-8.    
My friend was in a car crash yesterday! 
has had the worst 24 hours of my life. my car got broken into and they stole my wallet. 
Getting in the car to go to school 
bomb at 9:20 in the basque country, one victim,  bomb attached to the car of a police inspector... 
can't wait to drive. But has no money to buy a car 
suddenly captured by an google street view car 
My car has failed its mot  
Car is making a horrible noise... 
I couldn't sleep  o well @ least we r getting an SUV today 
getting car fixed, have no money 
my parents were in a car accident last night but they are ok! the van? not ok  
Car broken in to. 
my car is ready (again).  muffler not as inexpensive as i thought 
left the house this morning to find someone had broken into my car and stolen my car's battery, can u believe it, cost R600 to replace 
too many tractor on the road 
@marybethonline left my headphones in car. 
got woken up by a big angry red truck. 
honda car battery dead 
Passed a car vs. motorcycle accident on the highway this morning. I don't usually pray, but in this case I'll make an exception 
my car broke down 
@Souletic my first car was a 96 spyder eclipse convert. damn I miss that car 
at subaru getting my car washed then to the grocery....still no internet or cable at home 
@elixirgraphics  mine's still on the truck.
ahhh cars broke 
Its really hard to stalk @RealFastTlkr when she's not online and in a moving vehicle. I can't run that fast to follow. 
Just found a burrito in my car. It's hard 
Missed @GeekMeet due to nail in tire   
I want the 3GS *cry* but after buying a new SUV im waaaayy too broke  this sucks
I was dropped by my car insurance!!! 
@lindsayjd I feel worse for the tree than I do for the car. 
just finished a pretty good cleaning of my car's interior.. washed wheels and windows. 'course now the rain is gone &amp; my car is dirty 
@creacher wow, and to think i wont be able to text any more behind the wheel  LOL
Ugh new tires for the car.. glad I'm driving again 
So i cleaned my car for 3 hours and it took forever, then driving to work about 1 min in a bird shits on my clean car 
200 degrees outside and no ac on my car. 
@Mercedes_J mine does all the time, its a piece of shit 
@LewyLouBear no no no no no  that is sad. The bike was supposed to be good for u! Not evil!
My Corvette convertible is being held hostage this weekend  by the dealer waiting for a part, so I hope it rains..
the man tried to sell me a skateboard and was telling me to get in his car! i was like WTF!? and took off fast! 
I hit motorcycles.  
@SherE1 I wish I knew how to ride a bike. There's a beach cruiser I want so bad 
the icecream truck passed by... i missed it 
i just saw a fatal motocycle accident. 
i ran out of chapstick.  my other one is in my locked car. 
my car broke down on main street 
loading up my ipod for a hopefully quick trip to corpus. maybe i can nap in the car because i'm exhausted 
Looking at automatic transmission vehicles 
@sterlingred hope you and your car are okay... 
The car has now eaten 2 pencils and I can't do any more sudoku. 
I'm stuck in traffic and I'm car sick 
spoke too soon....no car all weekend.  
@MonicaDallas17 omg i know me too i wonder what will happen with the car wash if it does 
@jehan_ara my car needs a fix, i wont have it before 3 so wont be able to come for the recording  .
They just picked up my lil red car to go to explorer heaven.  
Truck race isn't looking good tonight. 
started as a great day, ended in being broked again  blew out tire and payed 400 for new tires.... 
I'd love to @margo_brandi. But my car's in the shop 
#inaperfectworld I would have my white Acura TL that I have been waiting months for and still do not have!!! 
Loafobread101 but i've always wanted a jeep since i was little  but ino what you mean.
Sitting in this car for two hours  It sucks booty...
My iPhone car charger broke!   So sad...
Ugh just backed into a damn car  this is not my day...
@chicadealeah on no  I'm so sorry about your bunny (and your car.)
Note to self: don't start food blog and then realize your lights are 10h by car away at home. 
@brush indeed. No car yet 
I am so car sick right now... 
 my truck is dead. he lives no more. 
#lfylady ok, 2ndds10 went to sleep in my bed, crying because he left his litle blankies in my car, and dh took my car out for eve 
six days to repair my car 
@jkbrwn  haha only until my car gets fixed!!
i'm getting a car...but i can't drive it home...i won't even see it for 2 months 
Is stressing we can't seem to find any1 with a truck!!! 
saw my yellow dream car. they totally abandoned it. 
i'm getting a car...but i can't drive it home...i won't even see it for 2 months  still excited though!
got into a 5 car pile up on the way home, and my pregnant mother was in the car. 
@mymoonsmile don't think I mentioned the car... It's in better shape than I am 
Ahh... It feels good to have the car back until mon at least.  At rizza's house...
no car tomorrow.  i guess ill have to cycle to the doctors.
@PepperMonster I don't wanna hear it lol stupid drunks getting in car accidents 
My car is in the shop for a new catylitic converter...  
Bigfoot is approaching the car. And us without alphabet soup. 
@damarisens I just got back too....I hit a skunk with my car 
Holy crap I just hit a possum!!!!  he about fucked my car up too, lol.
Someone just tried to steal my car and a neighbors.  glad i have an alarm!
Just returned the jeep. 
I hate owning a car. I have to tax, MOT and insure it this month.  
Screams loudly as he just broke the valve on his bike 
the driver isn't coming 
I just drove over my cat with my Jeep now we have to put it to sleep 
Ah damn, both BMW's out in Q2. 
thinking about getting dressed &amp; going to empty *everything* for artshows out of my probably totalled car 
need to get a new tire for @ksmcnally 's car today 
A turtle was crossing the road... I carefully avoided it... The car behind me did not  bye turtle
omg robert pattinosn got hit by a car 
I'm sitting in the car in the rain waiting for my sisters softball to be cancelled. 
Is not feeling to great in the car on this trip. 
cars pack. now to take my final and bounce to cali 
going to the... car wash? If it stops raining... 
in the car and i hurt my thumb so i can barely type!! 
no car wash 
Dropping my car off at the shop  it's been 2 weeks I need my car!!!
fear car wants to breakdown  not now pleasE!
not liking my car too much right now. Its been so good to me all these years, why is it pooping out on me now? 
Going to wash cars 
I don't want a new car..I love my chad 
damn... just got quoted for nearly 2000$ of maintenance for my car  motor mounts, struts/shocks. Not cool.
@keiosu It takes less time to rent a car and drive here. 
Car is all sparkly and clean.  I am all hot 
I think I am cursed... It always rains the day after my car washed. 
@emmallama Maybe I should get a less steal-able car 
Just went all out cleaning the inside of my car... now working on finals 
In The crib....so wish i had a car 
got into a car accident.... stupid truck broke my window and side mirror. 
My car wants repairs for more than half he's worth, so I have to get a new one 
@JayWhatItDew awwww, you always lose your car keys 
My headphones fell out of the car 
I need a car asap 
@seanparmelee I don't know! It was a burger car 
@Cuevman81 I know, I'm sorry.  I did immediately apologize.  It auto-tweeted and I didn't realize what it was.  
15 fire trucks driving north on the 5 
@linders1025 got cut off by a car coming out of the panhandle while riding with a big bag, flipped my bike 
i am bored and wish my car was not in the shop and want someone to talk to 
Starving! No car, no food. 
Gettng a new tire due to a blowout on the freeway 
@Cherrim in the car at a gas station 
still ain't slept  teachin friend how to drive manual car in a few. shower!!
sadness - once again the BMW suffers some hurt with me at the wheel. 
has decided to stay in tonight, but would love a bottle of wine. No Jeep to go get it though 
its pouring and I don't want to make the trek from my car to the house 
@BOBBYFRESH09 Car accident 
@NickyMcB yeah it was hard. I have done it by myself on a car before but truck was so much harder  I am just at my parents right now u?
@nantastiic she was in a coma after a car accident 
Those lyrics describe who I feel about the person sitting next to me in the car. He doesn't love me back 
dad sold my car 
@aradiantbeauty i dont av my car 
I'm trying desperatly to cover up the sunburn I got this morning at the car wash 
@ricardodamanik @andremulas if we are gonna meet later, u guys need to pick me up. Car broke down last nite 
Momma drama all day.  When my brother leaves I'm thinking of drugging her azz and throwing her in the SUV too 
missing the classic car show...  
its like 8 rite now, and i want to go swimming. too bad mommys got the car 
My baby has hit 10,000 miles! It's no longer a new car 
@heysarahcoke i have a car but no license  ahhh is it sold out? i'll ask my mom if i can go
Beach prep #5: praying the car starts back...battery dead 
Daughters boyfriends car parked in our driveway, I misjudged how close when I backed up and knocked off his rearview mirror 
Looking for a new car mine was a victim of a bad driver 
@MrRockets well i lost one when i was young - fell out the car - dad did not go back for it 
@alesson4lo tell me about it. i was at a friends house in the area and i literally ran to my car. thought i would get hit by a motorcycle 
miss tiffany! ever since my car accident I haven't really seen her 
@magjestie: No car  The ugly took it.
ugg i feel car sick  Lol
is going to miss the Camaro.  he's got to turn it back in tomorrow.
accidents suck, and my car is now gone 
car is messed up  had to chill on freeway today while it mellowed
@pfeifnugget Haha, sounds good. I need a replacement, my old one was ruined, stuck to my old car's window 
My battery is almost desd and my car ios leaking and smloking. 
@genericyouth shit man, i'm sorry to hear that  next time i talk to you remind me to tell you about my Camaro.
.....Car just broke down...engine is done   sigh*....
misses getting out of the car on the passenger's side. 
i want a new bike! i miss my pulsar and roadking 
got my car back!!! although i need to learn how to drive without power steering now  
My grandpa reversed into my parked car's passenger door!  
sleeping in a real bed. well couch, but its better than a car. except no more rocky mountain view 
I was in a car accident  @aussiesmith
A garbage truck just tried to run me over. 
@maddyy1 im going with yvette, ally lauren and yvettes dad is taking us. and i think her sister is cumin. the car is full i asked already 
my car engine lite came on today  anyone have the hookup in the car market?
My car is so boring, it doesn't transform or anything 
left my other phone in rainy's car 
8 hour car ride to outer banks  #squarespace
Up way early, feeling the after effects of the car accident. I miss my car 
No bike riding just yet tho! 
Its time to go wash and clean the car 
mcflyharryThose lyrics describe who I feel about the person sitting next to me in the car. He doesn't love me back  - but i love u 
I over slept, and I have no gas in my car. I hate missing church. 
Going to tidy up the Jeep later ontoday for selling... oh such a tragic day this is.  I don't wanna give my baby away...
Cleaning out the old Chevy.  
My car is having an oil crisis 
My exhaust is about to fall of my car 
watched Transformers 2 yesterday, wish my car would transform 
@shibbychick4 newp, i also can get sunburned whilst riding in a car.  i have to be very careful.  
...jjust saw a car full of clowns omg 
My neighbor put a fly catcher in their car  http://twitpic.com/80fts
I want to be out on my bike 
Mustang is in the shop for the next couple of days 
migraines are no fun. neither is watching a motorcycle hit the windshield of a car 
I feel like I'm going crazy without my car 
I feel like I'm going crazy without my car  #squarespace
Actually slightly put of by that trailer 
@markjrussell what did you get?  I need one, they've given me a new car and this one doesn't have a built in socket! 
Needs a new car my windows broke now  x
and they are stioll cracking me up in this car! my liddo bro left us thou! 
@Lolauree sitting in truck waiting to go home  so not pool lol.
: it's too hot and car shopping sucks 
Realllllly doesn't want to get the bus to work tomorrow  I miss my car.
if I were a car.. not having insurance would give me low self-esteem. 
my sister had a car wreck. 
@bigeasy auw I wish I could help! But I neither have a truck nor live in new or 
I wish it wasn't sooo hot  I want to ride my bicycle.
so i got a new battery and that was half the problem, now the connectors need to be replaced. so i am still without my car 
a nigga is car shopping... and not for myself 
My car is leaking  ...eff cars
@Vivacions I'm sorry, I couldn't identify your motorcycle 
@ManananggalGirl well good, cause i cant wait to play it. haha. have you tried to play it yet? i love RV. ive been doing laundry all day. 
@LibrarysCat aren't they absolutely amazing?! i got my free one on friday, but ended up spilling the top 1/4 in my car. 
@gargladdy I do. Too bad neither of us have cars 
My dirtbike is all messed up 
So far no one is supporting my avenue to gain a second Camaro  .. its an Iroc.. as a Camaro guy I have to, it's just in the rules
My drummer got into a car accident.  We practiced without her and it was so sad.
Just crashed the white truck 
I am officially looking for a car....smog failed 
Why has putting gas in my car gotten so expensive? 
The A.C. in my car went ourt  It's going to cost me $400 to fix!!! Sucks!!!
I kind of want to go to the drive-in for the Transformers midnight showing tonight, but my car has no stereo 
carp: car broken into, cheap GPS stolen, expensive window broken. 
I'm about to wash a car  it's so boring 
Aww, sad a kitty got hit by a car 
I had an accident on the carpet! Ooooops...   
@emilieduncan That's too bad  I'll be in the market for a new car later this summer. Not looking forward to having a car payment again.
finally bought a new car. had to make time to shop after i fell off my bike yesterday. had the worst luck with vehicles lately. 
Kia took my bud's car. 
At a BMW dealership...bad idea. The M5 is fly...too fly for my budget. 
Saturn SUV parked in Highland Mall. Both are dusty 
I have to sell the motorcycle. I am so so sad 
Car-less and stuck in bprt  
@xohillary well I would love to hang out w/ you! Only problem is right now I don't have a car since I am just visitin 
@HuntedWumpus hmmmmm I dono about that.... Haha I don't have a car 
@MrSpinch It apparently feels like over 90 and my car is black and my driver's side window doesnt go down 
my fender is broken  i am quite devastated
@jayporter my car is in the shop too, except the guy who hit me didn't want to do insurance, so no rental car 
Apperently my shoulder is extremely messed up from my car accident. I can barely move it. &amp; the doctor is worried. 
The water in my car is so hot, I could stick a tea bag in it. (88 feels like 95  )
@DaWoman504 Why am I not in the car I was some peppers too? 
car is in the shop 
If I had a flying car, I-95 traffic wouldn't bother me so much 
having car troubles 
So it looks like my truck will be in the shop for a few days 
@thepixiepop  no worries...this girl knows how special your car is to you. Your poor car 
car is getting serviced... but now i have no money 
My car is still overheating.  #fb
And no that's not my RV.  But I do live in the condo complex it's parked in front of.  
just got in a car accident 
what is my life coming to? apparently i need a car seat now.... 
Car broke down 
Flat tire on the she of the 405 
hoping honda can work their magic.. we have to get a bigger car.. the carseat doesnt fit in the civic 
just saw the worst car accident on the bridge! 
@foxcek Car troubles...no joke. It was pretty terrible.  I am buying a bicycle.
I really really wish that my SUV morphed into a rad hunk of decepticon ass-kicking metal. Wouldn't be half as cool as Optimus, though.  
Car battery flat in the beetle so it's walking to the station this morning 
As much as i tried, public transportation won and i lost - need to buy a car 
The signs /lie/. It was two lanes closed, not three. And the connector to the 210 E /was/ open.  I clearly saw cars on it as I passed it. 
Waiting for a bus as the new car had a problem 
GRRRRR...Raybans i really like but have no money because of that stuuupid car 
Ggggh my brother is smoking. Smells shitty. Now I'm in the same car 
i cant wait to get my car fixed i hate not driving plus i miss my boyfiend 
I just paid $225 for car insurance 
I'm without a car for at least a day 
to rainy for bike 
I'm so board... I want my car back ((((((((((((((( I missed it 
does anyone know a good book. how to drive a car without accidents 
i need a new sound system in the car. i miss having bass 
someone keyed my car 
wheel alignment tmr 
@BigMem We'll still be here probably as @rutty_uk's car has a flat tyre. 
Just tried out an electric wheelchair. What fun, like driving a bumper car. So expensive to buy 
@jennyrevelle I watched a tenner fly out my car window once  that was heartbreaking!!
Going to court for my car wreck last month 
tried to go fishing yesterday, but it rained... so I had to sit in the car.. 
Wants a new car dead bad  x
@ViolaMaths Thanks! It's very stubborn &amp; not listening to our pleas. Might have to get ride to doctor (car is in shop). 
Being angry in my car .. he just broke down .. 
Hoping there isn't anything major wrong with my car! 
The worst motorbike parking I've ever seen  http://twitgoo.com/y3at
what a morning... driving a military truck when it overheats. now stuck on side of I10 waiting for a tow truck... all b4 coffee 
Is still in the car. 25c  hot
@summerkiss he is taking my car there..yes my car that i just put 200 in for tires now the muffler needs done  pray for $ blessing
off to work - on my bike that is, for our poor car has to go to the hospital 
in the car about to embark on the 16 hour trip in a car to florida.. 
I need a car but cant afford one 
I want the 2009 Jeep Wrangler Rubicon. I want it so bad. 
worrying about my car being fixed  wondering if my luck will ever change
A birdie pooped on my accidentally clean car 
my car and i are in an argument. i want it to start. it doesn't want to. i'm stuck at danielle's apartment until i can get it fixed. 
someone keyed my car 
My car reached 1,000 miles today  
It is god forsaken hot outside. Wish i had a/c in my house and car 
Why do I keep having recurring dreams where I'm falling from buildings or in car accidents? 
@KellyHGay   I feel for you, darn cursed vehicles.
 Just learned that the hockey area is now filled with stupid cars.
Currently looking for a good service center to repair his car.... 
Just realized my lunch is baking away in my car, many miles away. 
My left arm is aching. I probably strained it in the morning when taking motorbike out from garage 
picked up my new car this morning 
My brother came visiting us today!  Only to fix our car, but anyway..
Cars is ready to pick up. 
over slept and dreamed about having a motorcycle 
@msannapotter Maybe the car closer to the hydrant would be willing to split it with you. 
@cpearson1990 Was a different car an his brother was driving  Spaglish = Spanish/English xxx
@mme190103 I didn't contact you.  But it was nice to hear from you.   Do you still have your Miata?
@vickie_allport not usually, but when you have a really old car it happens a lot i think 
@JosieMcC LOL ...I need one had a 30 km drive on my bike 
Of 30 people, guess who's car has the best logo. 
@RachelCorinne btw my ex girl had one of those. it's a cool car  
@mileycyrus hahaha. i bet celebebrity bloggers are talking about &quot;your new car&quot; loll. love you and i love your Prius  
Audi vs BMW Billboard war draws to its end. Audi kills BMW with the R8.  http://bit.ly/pENMv
not quite awake yet hopefully the lovely engines of formula one cars will wake me up 
I love how the suspense builds up as you wait for the cars to come through the spray!  #f1 #formula1
yay Safety Car gone again #F1 
@emdj  flew up to seattle to drive down a car. http://twitpic.com/3l5o4  bummer about your car... any damage
Off to another bmw garage 
I want to ride my bicycle I want to ride my bike 
@dearhummingbird Impala = 60's equivalent to a Mondeo... wouldn't you prefere something a bit more sporty? 
Taking the lawwn mower to the car 
home now  car journey was quite quick despite the breakdown
@Faceyman Car.  I just have friends with motorcycles.  I'm always the one riding on the back. 
@JamesPanico I'll check out the car situation lb 
leaving now. wish me luck and hope i dont die in a car accident 
Kia Piccanto mini-review; Seats good, lots of headroom, suspension bad, driver needs gps 
off on my bike 
cooold XD i want a motorbike noww 
My friend said this just 10 minutes ago in the car.  'Pity my car doesn't have any speak louders'. 
@lancearmstrong very nice bike 
@hewieboo i knew you were sober you liar! whatever it was fun driving your car 
@jonathanrussell I hate long car rides! especially if I'm at the wheel 
Car washes are the bomb. 
@notarebel  my favourite one is still &quot;in soviet russia, car drives you!&quot; 
@scooter190 awww yay 
@bluebus I suspect that should be &quot;cattle trucks&quot; but thinking about it &quot;battle trucks&quot; is a somewhat better description 
@aimzsta just think how much faster it would be by bike! 
@ryanmc3 i drive a toyota prius! the bestest car ever!!! i love it 
i'm in the park learning to drive a car 
Unsuccessfully tried to get my friend's car key out of his ignition... ~M~ 
@hannahpoulton it must be all that bike riding! 
drove dads car before! 
@prolificd LOL.. petrol + semen is NOT good for the engine 
@Bunker Your car got towed?? By car to the kosmopol?? A bit lazy... 
Leaving now... woooop on my bike. 
@PeterBlackQUT i still got the license plate # of that car coz the car behind was mine! 
finally unstuck after the person helpin us got stuck we got him out and the rope broke repeatedly. Car wash naked  tell you how it goes.
@rosers I hope you guys have a designated drunk driver 
leaving for the Polsslag-festival! seeing Car again!  gonna be awesome! xx
car fire at 5am. fully involved. sweet. now back to sleep. 
did 17 miles on the bike 
@missannab all good. I was parked behind her waiting in the car 
just cleaned the cars...now i'll grab some food 
me n cindie just followed a police car through the krispy kereme drive through  tehe
Just Autoglymed the car. It's very very very shiny. Needs a valet though. 
@marginatasnaily haa well I'm 1 up on you cos I washed the car this morn 
blink totally helps long car rides so much better 
car ride to the bamboozle 
http://twitpic.com/4elnp - Looking for cheaper car insurance 
@littlemisssnip going to wash my car now.....talk to you later, want to know more 
Feeling bad for Chrysler....it is a brand I grew up with. But I hate it  I am big fan of Audi!! but driving a land rover @missgoogle )))
At the Lexus dealer getting a free car wash... Just one of the perks 
Now finally off to ride my bike. 
got a new bike 
Its so quiet, that im sitting in the car reading and can still hear the raindrops land on the car. And its not a hard rain...yet! 
@harrietbartlett I don't understand - why were you cleaning your car at 4am? 
I need to set up tea making facilities in my car 
@danisman if you drove a car at the speed of light &amp; turned on the lights, would they work? 
Now that's an engine! 
@paladin get a real truck then, not a little toy truck. 
taking my tires off 
@lancecunningham wait, you race motorcycles? But I though you were smart?  #soundinglikemymother
@sunkist901 probably not cuz you drive the speed limits, give that car some gas and you could make it, if you don't browse shop that is  
my car is clean from the inside, out 
@car4dave aww wow! im doing my photography 
buying a lowering kit for my car 
is looking for a new car, mitsubishi outlander maybe, needs to tow our camper trailer 
@hypexr i can't stop thinking how it'd be great to have a simple car to work on.  or a bone stock one.  but that's boring... 
we have a new car, therefore we have new troubles 
@nomek is new van a nice one 
@Liesbetje with your bicycle? 
anyone drive a newish diesel car? any advice on pros cons? not interested in old diesel cars, need recent model experience, eg SUV 
While driving u come across aggressive driving behaviour by another driver. U should... Chase the car 2 tell the driver how to drive 
drove to work with my Vespa through the pouring rain. The rain overall was keeping me dry 
i hate the bus...any donations toward my car fund? 
I think my bicycle and I just freaked out a custodian, who wouldn't have let me in the building if I didn't let myself in with a key 
@DeezyG But Chevy &amp; Chrysler may soon be owned by the Italians, and they're not Communist 
@egeriis it is the lightest, cleanest, most precise and as far as i know fastest engine around 
@lexuslady http://twitpic.com/4vdc3 - Lexus has the Twitpic! Happy mother's day to you Lexus.  I hopw it's a nice one for you.  
@Migg But I can still putt 30 yards longer than you can hit your driver 
http://twitpic.com/4w5t6 - on my bike    
McDonalds in the car.  http://tinyurl.com/onoger
http://twitpic.com/4w9ce - my future car ! I love it ! 
@janicejenelle - thanks... I may have narrowed the location down to the car... hoping it's there  
@taytaystar when you come to me for plastic surgery, I hope you don't get in a car accident 6 days later 
I have a license and a car..at least for now. 
@Noufah at least its legal , here in kuwait if u weren't driving SUV then u will get a ticket with big smile 
@carocat  13:00 is kickoff. The red cars hopefully 
@jenfrahm could have just as easily been a sydney driver 
@HenryMCCRORY good  I'm having a nice morning too! I just drove my car up the street lol
Now has new brakes 
@lorynsho haha! i know engine sizes of bikes but i never really ride them! haha! i don't even know how to ride a regular bicycle! bahaha! 
loves her new car!! 
son is graduating in the morning, bought a new SUV and watcing old reruns of dragnet and adam 12, life is good 
My car hit 5000 miles when I pulled in my driveway. 
can drive your car. like a pro. 
Going by bike exhausts more than running 
@IT_Emperor uh... no.  I have a Jeep Wrangler because I've always been a redneck.  
@sunrisesister you could just kick them out of the car and drive off, that's what my mum used to do 
on my why to get my fixed bike 
Heading to the gym to pump it and heading over the pond to buy tires for my car. I like the elliptical trainer. 
@jessicamk i'm so proud of you!!! my little chauffeur 
got another key made so no more locking my keys in my car. 
I lovelovelove @mileycyrus !  I'm rocking out to her songs in the car
i love my new car...i can't believe i got a car all by my self!!!  sorry i will be talking about this for a while...
i like seeing bright colored cars in a sea of boring-looking cars 
@norcal09 well ur fav driver won 
@azbryan we have a car service, but thanks 
Enjoying this motorcycle ride.. 
just got back from my run...only saw two vehicles and they were police...dead morning 
@Winstonita lol you've never seen the inside of my car 
Is looking into buying a BMW 128i coupe because she works hard at the gym and thinks I should be able to buy soemthing nice for myself 
Is at donington, watching touring cars 
went to the car wash twice! 
Just painted the rims on my car he he he 
I have car insurence and tax 
just watched Cadillac records.  It was inspiring and kind of sad.  ? http://blip.fm/~6gyhj
investigating the bike to work scheme 
@roswelluga i dont see myself as a limo driver... if you are willing to drive... then maybe 
@splashbm I mean... I would've questioned the Infiniti to Chevy decision, but at the same time...Chevy = GM = American... 
such a pretty day  washing my car!!!
just put a killer system in his car! 
new car in 2 weeks    yayayayyyy
@PembsDave Thats because your brother appears to be a racing car 
@gedhead Real hippies unexpected in SUV-driving old-conservative suburban sprawl hippie-posing pizza joint. 
@Blargal if that is what it is, it MUST be turned on, because so far my car hasn't been stolen, &amp; I keep the switch toggled away from me 
@srharris19 you forgot the trailer parks! 
@tiffaney- IKnow! 2 baskets of toys. missing ear or tail. could have bought a new car. 
@sooya6 I heard it in the car on my way home...  I was gonna text you from the car, actually LOL.
@telletwa I'm sooooo stoked forthat 16 hour van ride with all you boys though! you know you love it! 
ugh heading to work and the driver is so rude. I'm proceeding to talk like chyna 
@ECtarget you did feel it while in your dads car I think  Wow, still unbelievable how cool you are with it  we never have earthquakes
Getting my car fixed from an accident 
@effifuks show us the car after the wash, so we will know if it worth coming there too 
On the way to collect my new car 
http://twitpic.com/5f5rd - Why is this car smiling at me? 
@MortarWombat i want to ride my bicycle i want to ride my biiiike! 
in a car headed to the mall. 
Truck fixed finally  ..back at work ....cant wait for the boat party friday :-D
@putterlover ha or in his new truck 
Licensed to drive  .. with a supervising driver, but you know 
@AnnaSaccone aw lucky! i don't have a car here, so i have to carry my groceries in the rain! it did stop long enough to get them though 
@scodal lol k was just wondering....I thought you must be about my husbands age...and you are  He was so excited about the car insurance
@SubaruAddict the P1800 is an attractive old Volvo. I'm inbetween with an '82 244 - tic of course 
My first batch of FatPaddler.com car and kayak stickers have arrived! I'm liking them!!!  
@gulpanag I thought you were a SUV girl 
In the car about to leave the house! 
i can look out my window at my car  that's right, i made it to work alive. and my car is not a figment of any imagination. hehe.
@camiknickers my dear you truly are quite the entertaining car wreck! 
@HubScout I hope it's got good tires! 
Just learned how to repair my bike!!! 
@nExTstevejobs boo mercedes.. bmw is the true sports luxury vehicle! 
@markdavidgerson ...whether it's about your books or your daughter or your car in the shop 
@craigkendall wake up and ride bikes immediately... That's what we just did 
Just to explain... my mates in the other car thought it'd be funny to throw jelly babies into my car through the sunroof - which it was! 
Asking the question....When you turn your car on, does it return the favor 
My mom and I are getting a new car  I'm so exciteddd.
@emilgh we still have a desk for you anytime. and apparently, today, a Camaro. 
why the eff is it cold and raining here? i love my new car 
@brendonuriesays one of the best videos ever!!! Chevy Chase got down!!! 
@KatArmstrong It's strong enough to flip a tractor trailer loaded with stainless steel 
Beddddd  really awesome night except for my car dying. But the state troopers pushed my car off the road haha
@ilovegogoamy i hope the RV got its shit together!! have a fun tour &amp; thanks for class+show. cant wait to see you lovely ladies next time 
2 hot chicks washing a new Ford Fiesta http://bit.ly/BvgM6  what a lovely car 
i guess i'd like to mash it on a caribbean island a few times. I came close but we were in the car 
