Most common words for this cluster:
[('car', 1017), ('bike', 199), ('ride', 104), ('way', 81), ('today', 77), ('truck', 72), ('day', 67), ('home', 57), ('someone', 55), ('amp', 55), ('cars', 50), ('accident', 49)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'car', 0.7499985098838806), (u'GREG_BIFFLE_Yeah', 0.7020335793495178), (u'Fabio_complimented', 0.6883969306945801), (u'Dispatcher_Ok', 0.6878948211669922), (u'heck_Freytag', 0.675014853477478), (u'LH_Yeah', 0.663037896156311), (u'Kevin_Tonini', 0.6599629521369934), (u'JUSTIN_WILSON_Yeah', 0.6594098210334778), (u'CARL_EDWARDS_Yeah', 0.6547042727470398), (u'%_#F########_7v.jsn', 0.6537636518478394)]





When to the shoe repair shop and the guy could not find my shoes!  So I have to go back and see if he can find them in a couple days. 
@dweeman why aren't you a happy camper? 
I just gave an msu fan a car rental discount.. He looked so sad I just couldn't turn him away.. 
My car arrived!! ....maybe i'll get it on thursday....damn paperwork 
@iamnipper last week  they've got the bike minus a saddle
a sad day I morn for my awesome car  http://twitpic.com/2y82e
A new two wheel vehicle! http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20090407/ap_on_bi_ge/general_motors_segway   I dont know how to shorten things yet 
a few more batches to roast, then blend &amp; bag (espresso) then its delivery time...to cold to ride motorcycle...for me anyway 
truck went in the shop in denver, leaking radiator fluid  student prolly not gonna stick it thru; no likee da lifestyle.
Your bike messenger look is so hot right meow: Except that you're on the train without a bike cause it's raining today. Aww, so sad 
I think the car buying experience is making me sick. 
stuck without a ride  taking the bus home from work, without an ipod...
just bought a wheel barrow.  time to start moving some rocks. 
@zackwagner every time you tweet about the redbull car I loose a little part of my soul. 
@jodiep22 my back and neck hurt me again as i got them from last car accident  mehh
car looks better for a clean, apart from now I can see all the dents, scratches, stone chips...and all the bits I missed! 
can someone make this hang over go away? my brother needs to come back w/ my car so i can clean it. homework all day? beautiful weather 
this rick ross album makes me wish i had a car 
ok physically, but was hit head on by a very drunk driver last night.   everyone is fine, tho both cars totaled.  i hope he rots in jail.
went on a bike ride. nothing extraordinarily exciting happened during that.... unfortunately. 
My bike is out of the basement!! Now to tune the carbs 
3 1/2 more hours. jersey is already on. as a negative, drove to sidney to see a too small bike 
@fistynuts Hope it doesn't come near ours, bloody car is caked in birdshit again! 
Everyone is unstuck now but the snow plow skipped our road when he saw the vehicles.  
so like eventully we saw his boat so we startd shoutin n what not but it  they had already been disqualified so we looked like  gobshites 
@egspoony  bummer man    sorry to hear about the car.
i miss my nephew and sissy.  13 more hours of the car ride back home
I asked my dad if I cud get a horse now instead of a calf, and he said when I learn to ross a road propley 
Is not a happy camper.  
@spaulds1  I was doing good until an ambulance flew by my truck and took my side mirror with it 
in the car on the way to franks pizza. i miss my babyboo 
@deandrea ooohhh i feel your pain  i hate when theyre slow in the speeding lane!!
@MadameSoybean  horrific accident half way to 5 in oppos direction, looked like an explosion, smoke plumes fire trucks, trfc stopped
didnt get much sleep last ngiht, with all the fire trucks 
dammit, why'd my brother have to take off with my wallet in the car?? I couldn't go to the star party tonight because of that. 
At gatwick airport and not even flying  made friends with the parking attendant tho so don't have to pay for parking!
Up for the grand prix, safety car start 
Still driving home, getting dark, alternator broke in my car, lights getting dim    Nilly there... shouldn't tweet while driving...
@wendy93639 Uneducated boaters scare me every time I take  passengers for a cruise. I don't know if they know the rules of the road. 
the cab driver was so hitting on me, I hate that cuz now he knows where I might live 
ho hum: car stolen, ipod stolen, new mtb purchase on hold while I wait to see costs of all this 
Pissed off that The Hormonauts are bringing a friend, that means no extra room for me in the car and no Dingwalls!!! 
On the road now, kinda sucks being cooped up in a car on a such gorgeous day 
And I can't its true...my car was barffed in 2nte (yuck!) And I just got home 
Feeling rockish. The only thing missing is my bike  I really really want to go for a ride.
god i hear sirens again  crazy lunatic drivers
ok so finally fixed my bike wheel BUT thanks 2 leavin it outside so long chains rusted dead need new1! 
I run outside in spandex/t shirt to get my deodorant/gatorade from the car. it's freezing &amp; I can't find the car. my stuff was in my bag. 
I keep thinkin the white bird poop on my back passanger window is a car...this could be a problem 
@mitchgroup probably buying the warranty is the only sure fire stop.  
@breathingdakota 'twas a good night.  i can't remember if i left my coat in your car or brought it in to morts. russ lost his camera also 
gotta pick up my keys from my daughter.. left them in her car    then more errands.
I've had my car 16 days and have yet to take it anywhere by myself. This sucks 
@mhoobler oh noes! i hope you were able to resucitate your car! bad way to end a weekend indeed 
argh! I left my elephant necklace in the car  ...on a great note -&gt; student loan is iiiiiinnnn 
falling asleep driving home .  - i hate driving . note to self when i become rich : hire a driver . gnite, world .
my twit of a mother has left her car roof open at luton airport so i have to drive over there and close it now.. booo 
for god's sake I washed the car and a pidgeon flies into it leaving a giant pigeon-shaped smear on it  grrr!
omg I love my new car - wish I could keep my old one too   The driveway looks awesome with 2 E30's parked on it! 
Going to the doctor for a bandage change/infection check, then on a geocache bonanza! I also need a new bicycle saddle. It got stolen. 
aaarrgghh in car &amp; looks like nasty traffic  #kwinanafreeway
Out a drive in the countryside stuck behind a tractor pulling a trailer full of manure, oh the joy! 
Car ride with tow guy =   uncomfortably quiet 
@greenteagirl nice!  i'll def. look into it.  bc of the car accident i havent been able to go the gym 
@alvint shocking isn't it! Wish they'd give the guy a break - can't they see that car is a nightmare atm  It worries me as all this...
@jamiesmart yay! okay! will he bring guns and cars? we don't have that here  just axes and horsies ... o_o
wants to play with rc cars.... but they all broken and i've no spare parts 
Just had a brush with death haha fell in front of a bus soooo sore 
Its hot and the cars aircon is screwed.. its gunna be a loooong journey 
Still no word on when my new tire will be in  anyone have a standard size jack I can use to swap out my mini spare tire?
@__mares__ thats some traffic jam when the walkers are going faster than the cars i feel your pain. been there done that!! 
@dustinbrutal  and to think, i was going to get you a fake steering wheel.
I always get heart broken when someone passes away in a car accident   Cars are so DANGEROUS. Everyone please drive safe
@queenlaytho this no car thing is hard  and I'm too obese to walk anywhere LOL
I'm soooo mad.  Someone stole my dang bike. I bought it last summer to have to ride around the neighborhood and to the gym.  WTF?
Getting all our stuff ready for our night away, hubbie is outside cleaning the car. Somedays I feel like a 1950's mum 
@linhbergh oh man! such a hot car. makes me want that width! if only they were light  i might have to roll two sets of wheels
Being dragged round the shops  need to get out on the bike!
My house was robbed last night   one car, cash, watch &amp; laptop stolen-ASSHOLES
has no clue what she's going to do all day...her mom is leaving, she has no car, nor is there anyone to play with. 
@karolijn im up for anything but have to take transit and walk, bike still broken 
it's barely 8:30 &amp;I've already cleaned an office &amp;driven to torrance to drop off my bf's keys. that's way too productive before 10am 
one patient passed away tonight... makes me feel kinda depressed. also heard that 2 babies about to be baptized died on a car accident.. 
eek just saw the cause of the closure....car through fence and against pole totally trashed. 
@australias lol mine is like a shiny little sports car that i love but i want something that can fit more people 
;-] my sleep. perfect. time to get outta here. wht a long car ride it will be! 
waiting in the garage. waiting for the person buying my moped  ... that is ok, ill pick another one up in the near future and...
well fuck that plan... motorcycle won't keep me above 60mph... and died 5 times... back at home 
@Antwoinne : aww  i got hit from the back by this old ass man. it cost like $800 to fix, so i saved it for down payment for a new car.
My daddy got in a motorcycle accident. 
has cleaned the car so it sparkled, just for her brother to mess it up 
Leaving town with @lizprc's cell charger isn't the best way to say thanks for a nice weekend away. Bad husband award. 
@ariellesque: u do rep the mj so well! rock on, naughty girl! last week,my car was stolen  harder2replace, those Gstars were in it!((
@OhHeyItsTodd where was your car hit? some dbag backed into mine the other day 
@aprilyim I dun have my car  earlier i was free so i tot of driving the spare out for coffee..if tonight then it has to be very late lor.
@Lindserkins1983 I lost the love of my life in a car accident caused by speed 
my bike pedal broke of when i was riding and now it herts 
gotta vacate flat today-no autos,no personal vehicle,no bf with bike/car,nothing to eat in the house,had only tea since morn-ooh acidity! 
No bike ride this morning - got something bronchial - when my son has got a cold, he is like an industrial crop sprayer 
have to pay the cab driver an extra 5 cause blacks wanna play mp3s 
dumb ass excuse for a woman reversed into my car today, bumper needs replacing and the bitch has no insurance. grrrrr 
of course i have 2 flat front tires that need to be fixed b4 i can drive back home  bull shit
i had a dream  last night someone stole my car and wrecked it at school. so i got suspended!! 
got my purse stolen from my car last night  Totally ruined the fun I had @ the party!!!!
is getting cabin fever, it has been weeks of the bike and hasnt got the ok from the doc to start riding again.. 
ughhh this damn walk I wish I had the car today 
My old cat which I gave to my mother-in-law got hit by a car today 
I gotta clean my car cause birds crapped all over the sides 
is upset that my coin pouch is missing  Hopefully I dropped it at the bf's place/car.
Sitting in the back of a truck hiding... With 5 people. Gaah its dark and crouded and hot. 
smelling scooter's stinky farts.  
After moving the final bits out of the studio this evening, my boot won't open  That's the trunk to folks that aren't so globally aware
I don't know how I'm going to get this from the check out to the car on my pat malone. 
eating my first wagon wheel in about 10 years...they just dont taste the same anymore 
everyone keep your thoughts with kiri who lost her little sister in a car accident last night 
spray painting the little car silver, i want purple paint tho aswell. going to the outlaws later. Not looking forward to tomorrow 
Just about to give son a lift as his motorcycle was stolen last night and he now has no transport 
@IrishJonasFan Psssh one is being made to go on a bike ride today, so no webcam  well not unless i find my other one :L andd...
its official its raining in essex no bbq today or car washing 
has to go get new brakes on his car today. 4 new tires and new brakes all in the same month, I think my wallet is  dieing of starvation. 
@ramarnat you are lucky. I have been seated in my car for more than a hour, just to travel something like 2km 
It so sucks, my car broke down last night going to work, just made it to the parking lot, but now I have to get it towed to repair shop 
vans in the shop for the 4th time. poor beast 
I wish I had a boyfriend to come to the pier with. fml. There's a couple sittin right in front of my car. 
with my head the way it is my plans for mothers day is ruined  was going to make breakfast in bed and wash her car.
fuck my car lol stupid check engine light now im bored with my family 
@poppymartinez aww you wrote that last update whne you were still in the car with me  http://myloc.me/FoQ
leaving the races. No wrecks, just a bunch of flat tires 
Early start as I'm off to a car boot sale .... oh how I love them  fb#
@icwutudidtherr She steals my car more than I steal hers, so it's even. She took mine away this whole weekend 
Searching for photograph of escaping car from a traffic jam...tried all strings on google... 
I'm up and in a garage  well I left my car there, I'm getting my eyebrows done And I'm trying to convince my mum to let us go starbucks!!!
need to go and steal parents car in a minute. wish i could still afford to run mine 
I can't fit in the back of my prom car! I have to sit like a man 
i need a bigger garage. wanted kayak wont fit in current one 
My dad just called me and said he got in a car crash. He's in bad shape. 
@piginthepoke out comes the safety car again, its happening a lot this year 
Officially giddy with all the cashcard top up machines, stopping and going on rye way home! I wanna scrap but so giddy!  #scrap #scrapbook
the fox triad is packed and ready for sending off for a service. no bike for me  #mtb
Sitting at home having done all my car paperwork. I'll be sad to see my little purple dodgem go 
On our way to return our rental car  I don't wanna!
just finished some car maintenance , screen wash, oil etc etc, if my car breaks down, im screwed, cost me a fortune already this year 
also... all this carefullness to prevent crashes and then I fall off the bike at the end of the driveway.  scrapes &amp; bruises on arm. 
Waiting to get the bike ride started--- man its getting hot out there 
donuts sound like magic right about now! i need money and a car! 
Long car rides suck. I need my drum sticks. 
i slammed my finger in the car door this afternoon and its still bleeding. oy vey. pray that its not broken 
someone bought the car i was going to buy  doesnt matter coz now im getting brand new car now not second hand 
@pilocrates My sister actually bit through her tongue in a car wreck once.  She didn't bite part off though..just caused a painful hole. 
lost my bike bags? 
@ShinsPearl I was going to drive up with lara so she has a car up there when she moves permanently, but I can't get a passport in time 
A friend of mine was driving &amp; the car in front of him tossed out a box. She's ok, but she was inside   http://yfrog.com/al2a7j
@Grieveous interesting dream. I dreamt that I found someones head in a ditch, I then carried it to the police station by its hair ! scary 
My mom broke my car window 
fantastic.. my ipod got ran over by a car.. my dad's being a very unreasonable jerk about it.. 
someone broke into my car and stole my cd player... wtf why? 
road is very slippery for a bike sprint. it's going to rain any seconds now. tsktsktsk. worried 'bout papa...  
up and down like a roller coaster. ready to get off now but ride doesn't stop/ kinda slows down but just a sike out. speeds up 
healing and frustrated, what a fun combination. i miss the freedom of my car. 
blerrie car, more of the same trouble.... think I should buy a new one 
got pulled over and cop made me walk home. I left my car at a public parking lot and no one would answer their damn phone to pick me up 
@realcycling they probably claim they &quot;haven't got any choice&quot; but to obstruct the bike lane 
No dude. If i had the car i wud go for drive n stop somewhere n chill to see them. But this way nope.  next time.
says it's a roller coaster ride...  and  http://plurk.com/p/tr7m4
Not having my car kills me  I'm a walking wanker, which makes becky one also...
dreading walking home after school becuase its raining, and i dont have a jacket, hoodie, umbrella, or anything to use to keep dry 
@NicholasDaCosta bwahahahahahah! well one time i had bird poop all over my freaking car! it was not pretty  and i had to clean it ( ew
going to my grandparents tomorrow! looking forward to some good runs in their garden... unfortuantely i need to get in the car ... bleah 
I think I pulled a glute muscle from sitting so long yesterday... And now I have a 2 hour car ride.  
Reading top gear test drive directory, cant afford new motor though 
@aplusk what a shame the beautiful car 
all afternoon out...what began by being a nice lunch with my husband...ended on helping a friend who had a car crash  
I just got home. When I was driving I saw a cute little possum, and then I saw the cute little possum get hit by two not one, two cars. 
What a drag. I missed my sons state champ game.  but on the upside. The car will now have a new radiator!
@smithersmpls: that sucks. maybe the guys @ the bike shop in the strip mall across from the daphne home depot can help.  
was finally going for a bike ride today....got halfway there and blew out the tube in my tire 
got in a car accident. Emilys a retard 
@jjprojects i'm hoping the bike had a near miss with the car, but i don't think so based on ure tweet 
Walking around a track lined with paper bag lantern in memory of... I can't belive the people that have died from cancer. 
at a dead stop on the fwy...terrible accident just ahead of us.  
@michaeljonathan stop doing bad stuff with your car  take care of her!
and not just that he bought himself a new stereo for the ute yesterday cause he hates driving with no music    waaafreakinwaaa husband!!
We go outside to get me some medicine and we get to my car and my window is busted out with my radio gone along with my bff keys and ipod 
I crashed my car last night. Nothing serious and no one hurt, but I was shaken up and totally embarrassed. 
@ginfear oh dear  and I thought I was hard done by missing out on my car boot sale 
Just saved my ass from a bike crash...having loads of reflexes from last two days...what's this? 
bldy policy!  just back from bike do (cancelled due to fair weather bikers) picked up a speeding fine from unmarked car. fighting it tho!
ew, my friend just called me and asked me to check my car for his wallet. I went out in my boxers and checked ... cold  ... k backtosleep
ah i am so angry my connections its so bad  is it the distance?! i need some help! ah i forgot, i saw the harry potter trailer at cinema!!
@markbrown83 yeah but you are now without wheels!  and on the wagon! No?
@urbanredneck Being that in the city she went on wee-wee pads, now I just have to crate train her again. She's in her crate now 
i wanted to get a blue ray player this weekend with the money i saved, but the universe heard this and had the breaks go out in my car. 
@lynb23 yes but i'm a tard so i can't get it to operate.i will fb it though. unfortunately its the back of the car so i can't b seen 
I am falling asleep in the car! And my jaw feels super tight! 
waiting for my scooter(50 N/1974).motor will be refit,bottom be weld and paint again in nightlila. started at 11.3. done in a few weeks 
@kristinhersh have you seen the skeleton bikes yet then? (mark the spot of dead cyclists) mangled bikes painted white. not nice 
@kingoushka No pix  said no cameras on the tickets so we didnt take 1 but then evry1 had 1 We were ticked couldnt go get it out of car
Wishes my car was useable so i  could make that 10 k  guess il have to settle for less
why did they have to pave over honda civics musical road before i got to drive it 
@missannajane gonna be devilled sausages--my least face food evar. and have to be around house tomorrow 4 tow truck to get our broken car 
@JACKIEJEWEL yes it when you're in the bed in mid movie with nothing to wear and no car 
Finally home, had to bum a ride because I lost the keys to my jeep 
Just woken up to weather so bad its setting car alarms off - should be a pleasant walk to work 
guitar practice.. ugh! wen't to school lately and very pissed off.. my havaianas broke off! terrible.. I was in the car the whole time! 
@oeg572 oly! just cancelled my sub job for tomorrow. ran to get gas and car died pulling in driveway.   Actually I am very lucky!  luv, cb
please be nice when ditching shopping carts in parking lots. its little people like me that have to dig them outta rose bushes at night.  
Juuust my luck that i'd run over a random tree that's in the middle of the freeway and fuck up my car and need ash to come get me 
A bum keeps knockin on my car window.    what do i do?
oh my gosh i was riding down the hill on my scooter at night while on the phone.. and i fell over and hurt myself 
sad that i have to learn about cars.. by having pieces of mine break 
i just spilled the whole cup for soya latte in err...someone's car! got onto my watch&amp;my ring too!!now everything smells coffee! arghhh.. 
dude, where's my car? ow, it was in the paid parkinglot for 2 days  that's no good....
@autoregister I heard it's a bit of a car crime alley underneath the M3 bridge 
@sweetsheilx my dad was gonna get me a car until he saw that insurance for me would be too high 
@suziperry sorry, i just understand &amp; like cars more than bikes   good work though, and looking forward to @TheGadgetShow this eve
I'm housebound...literally! No car, no people..just me and the house...oh, and the dog but she's sleeping! i might acually HAVE to study! 
actually thinking about it having a touch of road rage when you have an easily remembered number plate not a great idea oops 
SLAMED bf door as i was gettin into the car cuz I was super pissed and shattered the windshield. awesome, sumthin else i have 2 pay 4 
@jandsy @sandieb321 it's all about vw bettles and classic cars,oh and people with water pistols filled with bleach and bodily fluids 
@somacow my bf passed away this weekend in a car accident. The email wont be anywhere. 
@ericcturner you're tellin' me! i was gonna ride my bike to work but it was pouring  tried to call you sat. about back in black!
I miss going on a bike-ride! 
A car accident is a great f-ing way to start the day 
my car hates me. and i hate it. time to spend all my money on my junker once again. weeeee.  i guess i'll attempt to sleep now
someone slashes  a tire on our car this weekend. second time this has happened. 
@realpaulwalker horrible thing  I liked that car pretty much 
woke up to a flat bicycle tire.  Missed the downtown bus and had to walk to work. I'm tired!
woke up to a flat bicycle tire.  Missed the downtown bus and had to walk to work. I'm tired!
@jakks - i'm so afraid of fire, but yeah, totally fine! my car however, is no longer 
@KosMoney I need to park my car outside too! It's got the drizzle from last time all dried on it. 
came back to my car from my morning walk at the park to find a huge door ding.  
Home, Wrecked my arm on my bike 
heyy,just went shopping, so over it now and i cant even drive becuase dads banned me from my car so he drove it and i cant drive his 
@supersweetmack oh I'm sorry thats kind of my fault. The show ended super early &amp; I had to take her back to her car, &amp; her phone died. 
oops...just realized that my car insurance got expired  calling up those folks
I came to meet tesha, took a shot, got my car towed, luckily a friend saw it  , went n got it and I'm back at the bar already
month of hell continues.. was just in a car accident 
@k7vans still no soda or sweets for me.  starting daily treadmill as soon as I buy an ipod. this weekend will prob eat crap home alone. 
8.40,My day off work,not slept much so fancied a lie in but some dick up my street decides to start revvin up his car  grrr
normally the cars going by outside my window are enuff to whisk me to dreamland; but .clearly. not tonite. 
@GuySebastian geez hope you get them back..thats one pretty slack cab driver 
@DjLadyLockz just make sure to hit up wet willies and drink a call a cab mixed with shock treatment for me!! 
 no time for castles just a quick walk along the rhine then back to drop off the hire car
I'd own a car if it made sense. It doesn't on any level - cost, maintenance, need. I still want one though 
@yuesum my idol!!!!!!!! I can't ride a bike 
omfg...me and my sis were follwed home last night by 3 thugs in a car trying to make us stop and were pretending to shoot us! eeeeek 
@jameseh they wouldn't allow the car in without a full V5.  ours didnt arrive in the post before leaving  #dumball
In the car waiting for everyone. The seat belt is hurting my sunburn 
I'm on my way back to my car/mechanic &amp; if this doesn't go as hoped... I'll be paying for a new computer chip.  Fingers crossed. #fb
If you are a single rider on a bus ride you should switch seats to let freinds sit together   its just the nice thing to do
damn it! first proper chat with my hubby for days and the van phone loses signal.... poop. 
@ncteacher77 i am so daggone starving and it's 2 hrs till dinnertime &amp; we are supposed to go on a bike ride 
@CMarzi84 i wish i could! my mp3 player is in the car so i cant put it on it for the ride up 
@renee51879 hold off on your scamming, my car is being repaired as I type....I might not be able afford it after this 
Just saw a parade of servicemen &amp; women as i walked to work....so distracted i left my lunch in the car 
My poor car.   Needs more duct tape.  http://twitpic.com/5oyin
Getting car repair estimate done... Not how I wanted to spend my morning off. 
...the only thing that keeps me wishing on a wishing star he's the song in the car I keep singing don't know why I do  
omg woke up late did my hair in the car I have a wing now  its going to be a long day.
uh-oh. I see rain gathering on my window. I'm on my bike. I don't have my jacket liner. I will be getting wet 
my car broke down at the garden and @supercoolkid is still a bit sickly so no camping for us this weekend  so so sad
I watched a dog get hit by a semi truck on I-90 tonight...  It was sad! He jumped out of a moving truck when the guy pulled over!
In the car on my way to school!.... In zambia 
@macmuso got off and waited for 15 mintues (in the rain) to catch the bus back and pick up my car. not a fun day 
Getting my second fix of starbucks for the day bc I think I'll crack if I don't... Almost hit the car infront of me in the drive through 
@blairwatson512 got a new car...on the same day that mine broke down. We aren't twins anymore  http://twitpic.com/65xqv
omg... I just spilled dried peas all over the back seat of my car... I'm like a freakin' kindergartener. 
my car broke down!  i just got home--glad that d two truck driver gave me a ride home--jesus christ i dont wanna buy a new car
Today I took a bus from aunt's place to office. Just 6 rs. SO much money saved. I paid the auto 50 yest 
@PanikDj ha ha! That's y I never wash my car!! But I just got it back from the shop  it doesn't look new anymore
always to scared to fall asleep in the van when casey drives. i seriously feel like i may never wake up 
@binaryis4lovers i miss you toooo!!! did u take ur car back to sf? i miss the web team 
I gotta buy a new transmission for my car  damn!
In subway. Unvoluntarily close to other ppl. I miss my car 
@earthtoryann swear to buddha, every russian in america is here. apparently 2 russian boys got in a really bad car accident..  theyre  ...
today i was looking for my chicken...and couldn't find it...it slipped under my seat in the car on the way home...now my truck smells... 
My nice car... such a huge buckle 
goooood mooorning people... sun is out.. definitly spring now, we had our first spring hail storm, my car has dimples now.. 
In 1 horse town + 2 blown out car speakers = 
Yesterday a friend of mine was thrown off his horse as a lorry drove past us, ignoring us signaling for him to slow down 
@jojeda I'm a minute in and I want to strangle the used car salesman doing the presentation. Is he related to the ShamWOW guy? 
@8short_stack8 mady were did u go?  truck did u run away?
Its already hot outside...  thank goodness my car has amazing a.c!!! cyalater!!! off to work!!!
Today seems like it should be a good day! Even though my fuel pump is going out on my car  *~xoxo~*
My student just walked in balling.  She just witnessed her dog getting hit on the street.  I don't know what to do to cheer her up.
@iphonegirl totally! except we can't ride on the sidewalk like when we were kids.  a lot more safe than on the road with crazy drivers.
I just saw a load of ambulances &amp; police cars &amp; a car smashed up with a roof lying in the road.  :&quot;(  that's 1 man dead 4 sure.    .
found six great vegan places to eat and relax at; four of which I can't get to without a car 
the neighborhood gas station is gone, kaput, out of business. No more convenient trips for ice or whatevs. over 3 miles now to travel.. 
Shit my neighbors dog just died.. it was hit by a damn car.. feeling really sad 
i really need a skateboard  ........
@stacywillert yeah that was me yesterday after i found out the house i want is sold, my bank effed me over and then the car accident 
@chcuk WTF why can't you come race with us?? ughh  where's your road race at on sunday?
@julnas But then you might end up like that poor bus driver...  And, this is kinda weird, but I wish I was there today! :o
I saw a squirrel get hit by a car while walking to bart this morning...wondering if there was anything I could have done. 
both electronic keys stopped working. there is no keyhole! cant get in my car. so much for technology 
Such a beautiful day...wish my bike hadn't been run over by a car - hit and run.   #bikeTO
@fareforward   do you need to go on a bike ride?
@XxMolliexX I mean someone hit a dog with a car. It was just laying there 
It's a sad day, found the first scratch on my car. 
Wants to go catch happy hour @sonic to get me a strawberry lemonade slush (@ameshaye put me on them)...but i dont have my car...super 
i feel like a fish. im in a big glass car dealership looking out to a world of people walking by having fun in the sun  and im stuck here.
The bunny is longing for the hoodie she left in the car   brrr....
@davidcrow @cspin and I suppose, until we have more bike lanes, the roads aren't safe enough to pull your kids in bike buggies/trailers 
stuck in anniston, mississippi. because we got in a car accident :\ now im scared to drive  boy drivers ed should be fun this summer D:
@foilplay un cross them please..I was planning on buying a lambo this summer, next stop,, pitsvillle baby...=people carrier 
@msmiya127 did your car get towed? Thats what happened to redgie's car last time he went there  another reason why i don't like splashtown
@xheiligsein We decided I'd probably forget I had it in my pocket and sit on it by accident 
i donbt like to peel prawns, i also dont like going shopping, running out of money and crawling round the car looking for more 
nothing.. just looking for me a car. im haven no luck at all! 
@Tayluvsbroadway yeah  fail times. she was in an accident like a month ago, too, almost same thing. was on the bus on her motorscooter
@MaidMirawyn I was supposed to go tomorrow tooooo, but have to use gas and ticket money to pay for car inspection fee. 
cannot believe someone smashed my car window and stole my laptop  they obviously dont have a mum!!!
riding daddy's bike (yes a man's bike, very convenient! NOT) in the dark without glasses on. i was scared  but i survived HAHA
forgot to renew my drivers license 
NOOOOOOOOOOO!!!  I popped my bike tire on the way home from the gym!!!!   
reasons why you shouldn't tailgate: so the person in front of you has time to react if a baby bunny hops into the path of their tire... 
I really need to get a car - sick of having to do exercise to get to places 
bike dropped chain over speedbump, no ride, and no bike for a little bit. 
@EliteTravelGal done that! actually I reached the hotel at my and realized I didn't have my purse while checking in 
@PEACHLiTE car less  ... but fro prom regualr limo for me well (truck ) but ti was so stresfull finding one
Going to sleep...gotta take the car to the shop in the morning 
just blew the left front speaker in his car.  i also wish people had fucking manners! jerks...  [A.M.|F.C.]
@jvz that and the sound of a police cruiser. Its just that we never get nethng xciting here 
i want a new car. i want a puppy. and i want new teeth. will i get these things. NO!! my car sucks, my mom hates dogs, and my gap is back 
Shit car may have just overheated all the way in the drive through 
scary stuff by the resort.....its never good when the hospitals helicopter lands on the road out front 
@handsongourmet  I failed at finding an extra bike a friend could use on the ride tomorrow, so it looks like I will be taking caltrain 
Just watched muni bus driver verbally assault a nice elderly lady for no good reason 
damn...my bike is down.  fuckin' road rash burns like a bitch 
ok i just remembered y we dun go to 1u anymore. Its like a freaking battle even b4 we can reach the car park!! We're at the gardens now 
@gabhustler humph! my mom took my car to run some arrands and my dad took his car to work so the movie was a no go 
@samstod who doesn't want one? i cant find my motor-cycle t-shirt...  
@Yolaman park an inch away from my car  fuckers
is not sure why fellow cyclists hate on aerobars so much  i only use them solon, never in group rides....so what's the big deal???
hrm wonder if the stupid bike shop will be open today .. 2 weeks without bike 
Sitting here thinking what type of luck it takes to be rear-ended in a car that only has 2100 miles on it. 
@Rockergirl75 alas, mp3 player is in car and headphones are in purse  i think i hear her pulling all of her diapers out of the basket...
Just saw the worst accident on the fdr by the bk bridge kiddies dnt drink and drive  roads r blocks and all that
@kayelliex I spent a *really* long time cleaning my car, inside and out. 
just ate sugapuffs mmmm! ive found the perfect car, gotta save now  boo hoo!
Waiting in the car while my mom buys bagels. She takes too long. 
finished replacing stolen license plates on my new car. Some idiot stole them a couple of days ago 
@alaina_ they pulled me over for not using my blinker. I was like really? I started crying and they let me off with a warning. 
What a nightmare of a morning. The battery went in my key fob for my car and I was stranded in town with a load of shopping 
I hate leather seats in the summertime cause I know once I get back in the car I'm gonna get third degree burns on my legs from the seat 
in ho chi minh city, every road crossing is a game of chicken. motorcycle vs you; either way, you're bound to lose 
never have driven the gtr in the rain. trouble find the wiper control. Why r cars so complicated? Ugggh and hubby left it w no gas 
i think i should buy a bike and start getting healthy that way. i havent had a bike since i was 8 
think wallet taken from my purse at coffee shop.  got up to help some1 w/ kids who spilled coffee. then back...purse ~ no wallet. 
Has to pick up his rental car at the goddamn airport because his mom stole his real car 
i hope this limo company phones back soon! i want a limo to our dance  and then we can get drunk more, YAY!
no more taking Irish car bombs with strange Australian women who can drink like rockstars...my head hurts 
Bad start to today's ride - just spilled my latte on my bike. 
Helping matt and mary load up the moving van 
is not a happy camper 
I put forty dollars in my gas tank yesterday and my broke ass brother is borrowing my car and will never pay me back. 
needs a new car  anyone wanting to buy her one?!
&gt;_&lt; i got stuck in a car wash with this really angry man behind me.  no fun.
http://twitpic.com/69irn - Yeaaaaah new sofa!! yeeaaaaah big lots!!! might be in need of truck. 
my trusty lil ol' green car is goin kaput. it almost died @ a stop light. $$$$ to fix it vs. buy my new car. 
ugh, have to get redy to help my dad change his cars brake pads -.- i feel too lazy 
only bad thing is going with my mom, in a car alone with her, not good 
in the car stuck in traffic, once again 
I am sad. I found a bouncy ball to preoccupy me and them it landed on the other side of the car. No more fun for me. 
Just sent my first car to the junk yard. This is a sad sad day  I miss it already.
my friend, as we were leaving to do our boat thing, crashed into a parked car  she's freaking out, but the damage isn't terribly bad
7 mile run, kids hair cut, chainsaw 2 big trees in yard, 2 truck loads to the dump, now time to go to work 
@db0y8199 yeah that was the last of it..all gone  i figured i spend it on that than have no car at all from not taking care of it. u kno?
I see aaron's truck but no aaron 
ok....the report man took her car... 
I'm never gonna find a place that I can afford on my own  looks like I'll be living in my car in a month
Just talked to husband- apparently I'm done car shopping and about to go back to cleaning the front porch. That doesn't sound like fun! 
can't drive new truck cuz something is wrong with the oil pressure and making a very loud noise 
No happy tummy  the toyota yaris should only cost half a regular wash because it's half of a regular car.
@karl_goddard he doz want own car bt there's no money available  And he'd have to go on my insurance even then - prohibitive for 17yr olds
@mrsteveheyes whose car is that? and yes, I know that exact same feeling 
I wish i had a cd player in my car....i feel like bumping bws todayyyyyyy  someone buy me on yaaaaaaaaaa 
the vespa dealer is on vacation until tuesday, and cann't even get near the tables at the riio because they need all the space for the 1k 
in bed waiting for sleeps to come ipod is in the car &amp; @funkypaul is a million miles away  #bedfail
@evilbusdriver little bitter about the metro changes?  whatcha drivin?
A car-full of starving + just found out there's no food at this thing 
I wanna go test drive luxury cars, but need a ride to the autopark 
my baby had allergies at the park so we're on the way to drop her w her biological  mom  no bike ridin at freedom park 2day...maybe 2mrow
@xkilljoyx The only reason I need her to go is cuz I can't drive out of town, and my brother trusts her with his car.  But, w/e!
Just detailed the car yesterday and it has been pouring rain for 2 hours straight now fucking up my shiny rims 
just got back from a all pontiac car show it was tight, 2 bad they r shutting down, it sucks 
So I don't think I'm going 2 get my dream car  but I just might be able to work somethin out...
Anyone want a lime-green duct-tape tri-fold wallet? It's kinda sticky... but otherwise cool. You have to fold your money though. 
In the car on the way home from gatwick. methinks we will be missing the christening  stupid 4 hour delay!
@heyitsrico omg was thinking the same thing in my study break. But with a faster car 
@TheChristinaKim dang...I hope it heals soon! I had to do the same thing when I jammed my finger in my car door...not fun at all 
thinks if anyone knows about cars they should come look at my car. it won't start now 
after hilarious car ride, had off night, allowed myself to be slaughtered in pong and did not sing along to my favorite song 
i wish my fuckin car window worked!!!! im on stuck rite now 
@EzekielUT wow!!! 5 bucks?! i shoulda left my car with you. i change my mind... you cant go 2 yakima tomorrow!!  i come home and you go
I can't go to @Fishoutofsea's after all because of the time/car/car insurance/shit I have to do tomorrow issues. 
Those that park in the top car park all day should be kicked out. Nowhere for visitors to park 
@stevie21001 bike to work scheme means you get a bike half the price. so go for the best you can afford!! wish i could have done it 
How in the world do you replace a car battery??? The crapola needs new digs 
car battery is &quot;dead&quot; again or im not doin sumthin right....   
14.25 mi and 7 vehicles with crazy screaming drunks! This night/morning set a record, while cop cars sit at conv. stores yaking 
car accident  great night gone bad  I'm ok but my car isbt
@pomface haha. rents are always bloody fighting.  lol. kris  came over yesterday. we sat in her car talking cause it was raining
@markovitch yeah. problem here was someone's back wheel clipped my front wheel, even hitting the brake at that point didn't help much 
everyone decided to go grocery shopping today. its raining and parking was awful. left macho car under the rain 
@_EpicFail ohhh.. milky will get no car 
@davidwatson  Yes...yes it is   It looks like pieces of an old city bus.  Here's the sexy back of it: http://tinyurl.com/nvgfbk
ok, im not going in garden yet. mum &amp; dad have gone out &amp; the chairs are in the car 
Family bike ride in park abandoned a few hundred yards in - daughter refused to ride new bike! Missed out on pub lunch 
Really scared  daddy had a really bad car accident this morning and that's all I know 
@iamdiddy please pray for my nephew codie he was hit by a car last night on his way to go skateboarding the woman never hit the brakes 
This car has its pump on the drivers side like everyone elses does 
got a car charger for my ipod/iphone and then realised my cig lighter in my car doesnt work, never used it, 2 many drinks spilled i think 
@hisgirlmonday lucky duck, i'm stuck in the car for next 3 hours and they're still making me study 
hates that i can't make it to church today. 3 kids and only two seats in the truck. 
Has the worst headache from the stupid boat and trailor coming off the truck on the way home!! 
Car was sold, weekend involved buses and train trips.. Yay, enjoying the smell of people that doesn't seem to enjoy washing regularly.. 
I wish I was with my momma at chopard the old car race 
@lityerses man i envy you having a petrol mower, twice now i have run over the cable of our electric one cos it gets in the way 
wanna go to the gym but its closed  guess ill go to the track instead and work on my driving, w00 for burning gas.
got her 300 dollar ipod touch stolen from her car. 
sundays are suposed to be relaxing. cleaning the garage for our garage sale next weekend. theres a baby bird in there about to die 
Going for a bike ride to the coffee shop. All up hill on the way back 
@belinda_z I hate when I fall asleep on my hand! lmao! dude, i lost my wallet that night!!!  do u remember i had it in the car @ JITB?
Someone stole my ipod from my car 
oh my god! a friend had an accident with her scooter, she is in hospital now! i hope she's okay  the scooter runs still. i feel so sorry!
@osherlana  I am not a happy camper
bike tire went flat...there goes thata ride 
going to a baby shower. i got to see my car yesterday  sad sight to see.
I got stuck in a road block. Now I have to remove my tint that was on the car when I bought it.   soo angry!
just back from beach, rather sunburnt  and my car got stuck in the ditch, but nadal lost so good day!!!!
@micktwomey thanks. No slick tires on my one  I'll get round to that.I still need to mount my pannier rack, lights &amp; cateye computer.
Car knakered, head gasket gone  disappointing after all work done by local garage which now appears to have been unnecessary
i just tried to bring 2 bikes up the stairs. did not work. the handlebars stabed me like, 20 times and it hurt! 
my boss won't let me ride the bike because im not trained. and he said he won't traind me  lol its not even a bike its a TRICYCLE!
In a moment of grace, I slid down a muddy bike path and now have an assortment of beautiful scraps... and I'm walking like a retard 
Just found an electrical outlet for standard plugs in this rental van mom won't let me plug in her hairdryer 
I just saw the saddest little paralyzed bunny pull himself across the street in front of my car.. I'm so sad for it. 
rip banana bike  cool for people to steal it.
all ready to go...my car alarm is going crazy...my key won't work... so far a bad day for me 
Two car accidents in one day. What are the chances? 
I mean, i did 8 miles and had to get off the bike halfway through. This is bad. I NEVER get off the bike 
stupid bitch hit my car on the way to graduation. poor jude! 
Cleaning my car cuz birds shit all over it 
Just changed my car's spark plugs... got my sweater dirty. 
someone threw a balloon out of the car, it flew towards me and i paniced and ran it over and it popped 
@RoguePixie I have a terrible confession. left my skates in my apartment in oakland with the rest of my stuff. no room in car. seriously 
fixed my bike today..   started to ride it. i then realized it had flat tires and i had no way to air em up   
hello it's 2:24pm and i thought i was going some where but i cant ..because my car broke down     but it's a good thing i have a car
I feel like a roasted marshmellow!  and i am in a overheated car with zero air conditioner! No mo bb shine for me for a couple of days!
Eating canned tuna In the backseat of a car parked I'm the back of a shaws because julia won't pick up phone!  @juliaaaaaaah
just watched her best friends dog get hit by a car.... not a good thing 
Has had the morning from hell, 10min to get to work but live 40min away and spilt orange juice all through my broom broom car 
i cant watch the trailor 
oh, so yeah, made it to italy. had to take a taxi because either the bus driver and bus website lied to me. 
@LeoWolfe if it gave up on either you'd be fucked. lol. sorry ur having car trouble. it makes life so depressing. 
I'm not all that crazy about seeing a dead baby deer on the side of the road. 
@_robink_ hahahahah I call all cars hoopdees when I'm drunk  lollol
I just had to wash my hands with gasoline and now my parents won't let me in the house because i smell like a truck stop. 
@EvilElf my dad returned a uhaul truck to a bend store with a busted door... hit and run  he wasn't driving the uhaul either.
@ZackRabbit That's a cool ride! But there is only 2 seats   ..... I may have to sit on your lap - r u okay with that?
@Perseverance212 LOL.. I can't compete wit u! This my mama car! I drive a 95 
carting a wheel barrel full of sand/gravel from the garage to backyard is tiring... and it's warm today. i can hear ppl enjoying a pool 
Never leave a bag of gummy worms in your car during summer. They melt. 
I don't think 7 miles on the recumbent bike is going to dismiss the dark chocolate kisses I consumed today 
Wondering whats the best way to get orange juice out of my car seats been soaked in the stuff for hours 
@marco_BTOYZFP I'm at the mercedes dealership right now, looking at a couple of their used ones, I can't afford a brand new one right now 
so I played golf with the boss.  I took his putter, then I stopped the golf cart short and he flew out of cart.  Not a good way to start 
WOOOOOOOOW LOL thought they would trick them with a fake trailer but now they showing the real 1 
@belinda_z i never found my wallet. just thought of calling woodies. hope they found it! 
@ddlovato Myy friend who died in a car accident last june  would of got your next  album.because your amazing too so many people(:x
sooo @catofrontline 's phone flew outta his pocket on a coaster @ 6flags .. poor thing      he is soooooo depressed.
On way to london after nearly missing train and stupid man nt letting me buy a weekly ticket cos of no passport photo. 
failed my driving test- damn parallel parking! Now coffee, sun and lots of TV and chocolate to cheer myself up 
I think there's something wrong with my stomatch . And dizzy when i read magazine in my car 
Why won't Oprah buy me a car? I'm following her on twitter.. What more does she want?? 
bruv's car broken into for a THIRD time! poor trevor the revver 
 thursday now, can these people just let me have my car!
Someone had just ran over a kitten in my street. Guys tried to help it but is under a car an in real bad shape  poor wee guy!
Please pray! I just saw an elderly man hit by a car right in front of me  He appears to still be alive.
I made the mistake of not getting coffee b4 I came to the rental car place to sort out this fiasco. It's going to be a long flamin' day. 
On way to pilates and car won't start. 
morrowchris: On way to pilates and car won't start. 
@poshdeluxe boo bicycle thiefs! I would be livid 
trapped her finger in the car door  (cries) nd also got sunburn (also cries )
can't find my camera... think it's in the car... which is @ work with hubby! 
sad day neighbor is moving  truck just got here gonna make coffee....
At the car dealership....for the next couple of hours.  At least I have a book. Anyone want to visit me? LOL
pray for my car y'all... im letting my sister drive it.... 
left my good headphones at home or in the car. everything's gonna sound a little fuzzy today 
tires are so expensive. thanks to my tire blowing out i have to spend $700 on new ones. sorry mom! 
@MoreWillie  they must be crossing the street! oh no, we need an iguana crossing sign for cars 
Drinking milk on a moving vehicle is a dangerous hobbie to have, i was nearly covered in it haha 
I think the bad luck car streak did spread to me!  both my A/C and my rear defroster seem to be not working   grr
@d0nk  i want to drive one soooo bad man.  been a while since i got to. first car was a stick
thank goodness cat woke me up! she got her car towed  but we got it out! now to get ready for class.
i fell off my bike like a complete loser. &amp;had to ride all the way to the beach with blood pouring down my leg before i could get clean! 
@sonyajk It's right across the street basically and I can't eat pizza anymore 
.. van gogh 'starry night' magnet being stolen, we searched london to find another, but never found one, none on ebay or etsy or the like 
staying home today becuase i &quot;accidently had my driver's license suspended for non-payment of a ticket.. oops! 
@brittanyaliera no joke, dude. my car is in st amant at the mechanic. ewwwwwwww.  i feel so helpless now
The day got worse, the car shop I used to work at closed down 
I'm sitting in my car in the school lot, waiting for a sudden deluge to stop so I can run inside.     http://twitpic.com/6ett0
@TheXDexperience yes! I tried to fit it in my car, his head couldn't make it out of my sun roof   ill try to pick it up in a uhaul later.
got fragged through my sand by my feet  sat on the beach for 6 hours, went ont he walsers and drove a car with wheel spins! fantastic day!
Seriously stressed/depressed about the car situation!!! On the brink of tears at any mention 
Just passed a horrible wreck on 30. No way the driver/passengers lived. 
I am a squirrel killer, it just leapt in front of my car! There was nothing I could do. 
my arm is sun burnt from leaving it out the car window   and this is why i stay away from the sun every year. tans = fail.
There's a spider web in my car, I feel kind of bad cause I know it won't catch anything in here. 
@soundzdj  Trying my hardest to get my car done.... out of my pocket funding means slow process.  
later on after the 4 wheeler I saw an adult tricycle. tried to snap a picture of that too, but I didn't get it in time. 
So, so, so glad the kitty is okay. He's a cute fellow. He just needs to stop jumping into the car when I'm unloading groceries. 
Really wanted some good ol fish n chips... believe I got on the bus to the shop and it was closed  sad times kmt smhhhh
And the metal bus stop seat isn't helping the situation!!! 
sitting in my dads car waiting for him to get done shopping for garden stuff. 
No way of getting to go home early! It sucks ass not having a car and living where there isn't any buses 
my car is at least 30 degrees hotter than the outside world 
sadness. my headlight went out  who is gonna change it 4 me now? my official headlight changer &amp; i are not longer speaking *sigh* *tear*
ian crawford left the cab  so sad.
sunshine appears to disagree with my car  i hope she gets better soon, i hate when shes ill.
Just had a heart attack becuz I saw a black van with a trailer. 
sorry for my absence twitterworld, I had an omaha vaca that ended up with a car accident and a missed wedding 
At the birmingham police station filing a report for my stolen bike 
Right now I have just finished running a ton of errands 
ugh i left my hershey bar in the car and now its all melted 
@stephnEsmith my sister took my car to school this morning! 
How you know that your car is old: when you find a receipt while cleaning in between the seats thats 10 years old! 
Why won't my car pass the stupid smog check? I just hope it don't cost too much to fix... 
@kimberly625 @amylovesoliver too late.    guess i'm being stuffed in the trunk.
My awesome bike seat was stolen. Not a good day 
feels like banana pancakes from pancake parlor !! hrmm why is my car not accessable today! 
got really excited when I heard the ice cream truck outside, turns out it was the knife sharpening truck  life is a cruel mistress.
Just watched a guy take a pipe hit, while driving down the road, with a baby in a car seat in the back seat: people can be real ignorant 
valve of my bike tire broke off this morning  ... but already got it fixed   now a little more studying, but i should be done soon ...
weird screechy car noise from the rear-left wheel area, just started 
dammit. my dad got home late from work and missed the car auction  all hope is not lost though, i will get a car eventually...
@jennybeanses My problem with it, too.  It's kinda like a train wreck, I can't stop watching it once I've started. 
WOOT writing on thee car  ..with ugly colors  lol
@Tragik_  . sad sad . lol . how u run errands without a car ? nigga u good .
my shoulders are sore from carrying my bowling ball in my backpack...still need to walk to my car with it later 
Has never been in this much traffic on holcomb bridge  but luckily there was a crap load, I would of been pulled over!
@SuzyElizabeth  i was *THISCLOSE* to grabbing the van keys and taking him to the emergency vet when the bleeding finally slowed down.  
@IcedAdornments I've had this car for almost 5 years,, this is the first time i've hurt it   it's a beautiful blue subaru wrx...
@jeff_gluck  haven't always been a fan of 24 but i've tons of respect 4 him and i dread the day he gets out the car  
just witnessed a horrible car crash...pretty sure theres no way the person inside could have lived through it 
why did ian leave the cab 
Looks like the delivery of my car is gonna take longer 
Morning all! The child is poorly today,so no driving around in the new car for me. Sometimes parenting sucks 
@bradiewebbstack naww  poor thing. its jumpnow's birthday, so he should get what he wants! tell andy that, or push him outta the car hahah
Unfortunately my mobile is off and I don't have the charger. We are a little bit off schedule as another bike broke down 
My bro came in &amp; asked me if I wanted to go w/ him to the bike shop tomorrow. I said I have plans. He said stop lying. 
grrr seems to be buzzword today. not working. and things are not looking good car wise - no local garage has a nemo we could look at 
@marshwah  did the taxi driver stop and make sure you were ok ?
My daughter just hit the front of my car leaving for work 
Is waiting downstairs for the driver 
just parked up against a lorry full of battery chickens. poor things 
@ImajicArt at least its cool   i wish i had a car - i'd go to the beach today - its to far to walk and i dont have money for the bus!! 
I just saw a kitten get hit by a car 
saw a ferrari f420 spyder on the way to work this morning  sadly it was not me sitting in the cockpit
my cab to the airport just got pulled over by cop for illegal right turn!  hope I don't miss flight
I saw a freaking wreck this morning. It was intense, and the guy ran into a telephone pole tearing his truck in half. 
i am super mad about ian leaving the cab 
working...drying off the sweat in the A/C from the 90 degree morning since my car has none!! 
@caldjr  car failed mot. need part garage wont have till 2moro so carless now.
Someone's car alarm has been going off for the past ten minutes. It's times like this that I wish I didn't have a window office 
still endoring da neck pain frm car accident saturday aftternoon 
Omw to work 12-5...i can't believe my grandmother she forgot to bring my car so now I have nothing for work... 
And in other news...I got myself a mountain bike for $100...in the shop being repaired now 
bah, damned live feed is choking up during the new metal gear trailer 
gotta clean my car out. trading 'ol bessie in soon. good memories in that car all the way back from high school 
woke up an forgot I had to be somewhere at 12. jumped in my car too fast and hit my head and blacked out for a good 4 seconds 
woah dude, almost got hit by a car while driving.  not cool! (even though it was my fault... they gave me the wrong icee and i was mad!)
And the damn cop took my license plate away   so now I can't drive my fucking car!ugh at least he didn't gimme a ticket or tow  my car
is really sad that ian crawford left the cab 
The turtle bell on my bike got stolen 
. . . still no luck with someone renting us a car. 
No more car  the transmission is all effed up..again!!!! looks like i'll be moochin off people for rides for a bit
my mom is mad and not talking to me, my song came on in the car. so i couldn't sing along. 
@TaylorGood and i can't imagine not strapping my baby in and getting in a car accident.. what a horrible thing to live with.. 
@LKnerl buying 2 his/hers cars on the same day     horrible experience
no bueno on gas going up...moments like these when i wish i drove a damn car! 
@mom2bClaudie no tix for me since I boo boo'd my car 
Y do I always wait until the last minute or until its too late to pay my phone bill and put gas in my car. 
@JoyLKChan cant wait to see you tonight..! babe, i need transport   mum took 1 car, the other car is in hospital coz my sis crashed it 
listening to chrisette michelle and loving life- work is gud- car's got problems- well the battery died   gotta fix it- I'm sleepy :/
shit. smoking area.  #onroad
@MisaRoo I know! I soo loved fastlane too... all week waiting to see which exotic car was featured.. guess that's why it cost 2 much 
can't attend #mscosconf today, some fool on bike hit my car 
still a bit shaky from the confrontation with somebody else being hit by a car WITH ambulance and police cars.. 
Feels really bad that future bro in law got his car stolen yesterday 
Our piece off poo car just broke down in the middle of the city  see kids this is why you don't steel our music we need a new van haha
@phil_btt far too much singletrack on the course coupled with far too many fast team racers = bad idea on the ipod front... 
@arsachs my dream is to be on cash cab. i exclusively take van cabs to try to make this dream a reality...still no dice dude!! 
@BLE1 moving to caledonian road - so not far but dont think can call it bloomsbury  but do have flat with a massive garden
I ended up bumming a ride from my mom. I hate doing it, but she's heading the same way, and I had to get to class.  stupid late bus.
forgot her coffee in the car 
i hate filling in forms online for car insurance.. i cant think of anything more tedious!!! 
Waiting for the tow truck to come get me.  NOT a happy camper!
Dropping my car off for service  I'll miss my little prius today http://twitpic.com/6j0kb
oh right and my mom lost her phone in the cab! the cab driver is so shameful 
Going to work.  Of course its raining and my jacket is still in someone else's car. 
omg my back still hurts my lil one is such a wild sleeper! I feel like I was in a bad car accident. The pill knocked me I'm awake now 
just got up! damm it rained last night and i just washed my car 
Severe case of the green eyed monster - guy I am cycling with is going on a road bike   I want one!
my brain hurts &amp; i forgot my ipod in the car.   i need a nap.
One of mom's best friends was in a car accident literally right after I met with her   shattered her kneecap...in surgery now.
i have to go get my car tag renewed today 
I hate when I switch purses &amp; forget important info in the other purse! *smh* I have No time to back track to the house 
Going to the doctor to finally figure this out. I feel like a truck hit me still. 
loves the courtesy car and doesn't want to give it back! 
is sat with louise waiting for the car to come and take us to the airport, hate flying 
@dennisdamenace idk about the game my car is in the shop for a week 
Car journeys with my dad are possibly the most unplesent think ever 
gotta go pick up my car from the service station and drop it off to get a couple new tires and an alignment.  can't wait for that bill. 
@SarahAnnGreen Have you ever seen a fake driver cry 
dammit lunch hour is ruined Ive got run back these car keys I was all like U can't pick em up? She was like how am I gonna start the car? 
Having a flat tire in your girlfriends car on 680 is not a great way to start your day 
@richard_baker left euston at 2.07, divereted to birmingham, got there at 5.30. had to hire a car to get me to liverpool. arrived at 9. 
@Tommypenn oh where?  I need to see, All i've got were the bad things - weirdos on tubes, rain, car crash, grey clouds, bad sandwiches 
field trip might be canceled for rain. someone borrowed laptop cart and broke the eyetv. I need a mexican mocha 
whoops I just killed 2 squirrels on the same road with my car, all within a 2 minute time frame 
 my eva got hit by a drunk driver 
@FilmLadd thats a bot far for me (have to borrow a vehicle as the tranny is out in mine  .... i hope you find someone !!!
@xNikiEvans congrats to annie niki,i tried driving was crap at it,ride a horse yes but cant drive a car 
@AugInBethany I went to get a license plate for my car and they told me the disturbing truth and refused to give me anything 
Really don't want to ride my bike all the way to J-town... I truly am a srew up. I picked the worst time to wreck the car 
@ my gma's house...love her!! Next stop the tag agency to get me a new license sense I can't seem to find my wallet 
at the bank. omg where is the purple car?! not here 
Just spilled an entire peach shake in husband's car! I had no business drinking a shake anway!    #fb
@InternationalH she was supposed to move to vegas a few days ago &amp; all of her stuff was stolen out of her moving truck..cops cant find it 
U know we have a product, calls a deodorant!! (at street car..) I will buy one for u if u can't afford it.. U r stink!! 
Just saw someone with a rebel flag belt buckle. I miss the south. 
Oh my gosh! A little bird flew into my windshield! 
@TEAMTaiwo @GeekySneaks didn't make the sound. neo soul takes over my car when i drive. and someone nearly crashed into me 
home after a nice bike ride but got a puncture 
well new leathers are a treat.bottoms may need breaking in a bit thou.now put lower back out and bike won't start.work by car 2morrow 
I've now crashed my car lol...3 days afta gettin it 
@notetoself.....don't use cheap automatic car washes. The streaks it leaves on the windows looks like a jigsaw puzzle 
@josiebennett I forgot the get off the bus today at the last stop and the driver was being really mean  I don't like rude people.
@evilrobert you magnificent bastard! thats one hell of a virus.  @snowfire11 I left my back window down in my car 
of course the car starts fucking up  when I have plans to party  fml !
jumping into a pool after a bike ride is always nice...except when you jump in with your wallet 
My balls hurt from that long bike ride 
@alpineusa in car tweeks!! When? When? When? wait..... how much 
went out to my car, found a birds nest and like 5 little dead birdy fetuses in the street in a puddle..so sad 
omgosh.. poor adam got chased by paparazi up a flight of stairs to his car. 
You have not suffered until youve been stuck in a car with intensely bad breath. 
TGIF omg so happy i got my car... too bad i cant drive it yet 
stuck at home on a friday night..sucks my moms car is getting fixed which causes me not to have my car 
the hippie van disappeared from that car place on monroe street!  oh so disappointing.
my truck broke  audition for violin tomorrow
My neighbor mega-sideswiped the entire side of my car  I saw it happen, and he says he has good insurance. Sincerely hope so.
walking to the car w/ jodi. friggin west bumbafuck out here. scary 
its fine... frank broke his moms mirror to her car.... he's dead  &lt;3
So tired! I had to drive gravel roads to my house to keep from gettin pulled over cuz i was all over the road 
so after my show tonight i walk to my car and i cant find my keys  then after five mins i try and open all my doors and one is open wit
I'm exhausted. And sober.... terrible combo. Can we please go home now?  you do not want your driver (aka: me) to fall asleep on the road!
left my phone in my cousin's car.. so for tonight i'm phoneless 
i have very devestating news...my phone drowned in a cup of water that was in my car  i am phoneless! the horror the horror! :'(
Hey len, we're trying to start kevin's truck and it's late already  don't think we can make it to onyx... But promise we were toasting ...
@sirvictoraguiar crappy tire...again. 
@kiannasick your car smells like poop 
Still sat at garage trying to get hands free kit sorted...looks like a wasted trip is looming. 
Just had bacon butty and watching taped programmes, was going to get car boot stuff ready, but now its raining 
My knee is so fucked from drunk driver...  thank god Broox gave me a helmet.
oh no somethings wrong with our car :O 
My knee is so fucked thanks to the drunk driver who hit me on my green light. 
Waiting for someone to help me jump-start my car 
@chlosaurus yess, But shes in abit of shock, the car span round like 4 times, its now in a ditch  her back hurts tho  x
@nessie_111 can't blame lewis, the car is just not good enough this season.  
Fml my coffee spilled all over my car and all over my sat forms and all over my bag, today is going to be great 
Just got back from the mot, squeak failed  she needs a new horn, so no road rage for me lol!!!
had fun chasing the real radio renegade yesterday..even though i couldnt get out of the car with my wet hair 
Just sold my motorbike,  .........oh well onto the next project!
My company just made a policy that I can no longer bring my bike inside the building  That's going to make my winter commute hard &gt;
todays lesson, 13 shots = an early night.....due to rain however, i had to sober up in the cab of my truck, not the bed 
Overslept  I missed my bike ride
Someone broke into our rental car and stole my xbox. 
Making my camp schedule &amp; missing my @jgungfuguru.i heard the icecream truck &amp; thought it was my phone so ran to get it.i had no message 
loves waking up to the sound of a dump truck backing up 
I've broken my bike, the front brake reservoir washer is leaking  apprently its a specialist part. That means its going to be expensive.
it is raining and thundering like crazy right now. So much for my bike ride 
Whoops I spoke to soon. Third place car to the pole. 
Is angry as some idiot scratched her car a week after i hit the pillar   but on the up side is doing a skydive for charityyyy
@mrtrev don't have a camcorder  i think she's finally fished trying 2park it. i'd let her off if it was btw 2 cars but theres loadsa space
my bike got stolen last night.  not sure what i should do about that. cops don't look into things like bikes, right?
I just sold my car. I feel like a fucking hobo now  
witnessed a bad car crash this morning&amp;was nearly involved.very frightening  im still shaking...wish ppl would take more care when driving
No car today  stuck at the farm.
I just got some freaking fantastic news.  The exhaust cam actuator on my trailblazer is shot, can only be fixed by a dealer @ $250 - 500 
@jzc9 thats great get ur car, im planning to get one too but i need to get the license first lol getting a car is easy but not a license 
So im in tampa and lost...put me at the wheel of a truck in a new city with no navigation. We got probs  lol
So the vans alignment is wayyyy off. We may need to trade it in in phoenix. 
@JenJenrodriguez unfortunately, i don't think i'll be able to make it  I just made my first car payment, and that left me broke as a joke.
Right behind a fatal accident on the freeway, drive safe out there friends! 
Just saw a crazy accident on 210 a surburan was cut in half by an exit sign pole looked deadly  !
hello everyone been busy today, car failed M.O.T 
@darch4ever awwz that sucks!!  i hope u get ur tickets and ur dad's car gets fixed!
found a carb mounting  bolt had sheared off in the block of the mower engine - this will take more time to repair than first thought.  
My dad broke my car 
hopes dad is ok and his car too! sorry dad 
One of jeremys friends was just killed in a motorcycle accident he's still laying on the side of the road 
wow chelsea, your obsessed...just got back from the car wash..i feel so bad for what happend 
@Markable i would totally nap if i werent already on campus halfway to where i need to film! if i had my bike it would be a diff story 
@Markable bike was stolen while i was in hungary, so i cant get anywhere quickly now, have to stay on campus 
taking lunch...at least im not alone tonight. stressing about my car. 
@kisses4may.....howve u been i was up that way last wekend but my car broke down and is was no good 
finds anybody attractive who isn't permanently under a landrover 
@LadyMsPooh: it sucks i need a license! and a freakin car this isnt cutting it no more 
missing six deuce, my helicopter is in the shop 
this day suuuucks. my car tire blew out  time to blaze and eat some cheese sticks with marinara
I wish I could pay someone to do this car deal for me.  I do not do &quot;game playing&quot; well, and apparently u have 2 when buying a car.
i saw 5 dodge challengers on the way to work this morning. it's haunting me. i want that car so bad. 
@RobDyerS4C  ahh it sucks that you couldn't make it to rely for life rob  I hope your driver is ok!  Oh well there is always next year!
my car got egged  fuck!
http://twitpic.com/6s9xu - hey my car over heated on the way to the paramore show! flippin sweet!....not 
cant find my car keys! 
@ParisG still doing the pool, no wings though.  we have  nooooooo money now after the car situation last night 
@asher_book me and steph called nd requested like 10 times but they haven't played it  and now we lost the station in the car haha
My dumb parents wont let me use the car  bahaha
Debating on whether or not I can afford to go to the bay tonight driving a van that gets 10/mpg and having just paid rent 
My first lil dent on my car! 
On a wild goose chase for shoes in the city cuz mine broke 
prolly gonna miss the gap band  i REALLY need to get my car
I'm sorry but those engine thingies freak me out  big machinery scares me in general.
@andrewzahler !! dammit you must look pimp!  This is the first one I am missing in 6 months because my bike chain is fubar   I am sad
f my life, gas is getting expensive and my truck is a thirsty bitch 
I can't believe someone burglarized my car!!   It wasn't even my stuff that was stolen.
neighbors had big party that just concluded apparently like 10 mins ago, lots of cars leaving, loud music stopped. i didnt get invitation 
When ur pushing 25 in a go kart and u side smash into another kart facing u.......not good.....side aching 
@ChrisLejarzar eh.  I need to fix my dads car. 
omg, i don't think i've ever loved being in my car more after a long ass concert. almost got crushed 
@thisgirlelle  i have no car/insurance but i'll be in irvine by next thurs for a week. hang out sesh then? juice it up + fatburger? haha
@ceejux: whenever i get the chance. I work and have no car 
camping was a massive failure. mitch forgot a sleeping bag. it rained. no tent. ran out of petrol on the way home. then a flat battery. 
You know you ride your bike a lot when you get a tan line on your face from the helmet strap. 
trying to beat my score on crazy taxi 
I guy was drilling his nose in the car in front of me not moving... some people all's they think about is food... 
You know you ride your bike a lot when you get a tan line on your face from the helmet strap. 
http://twitpic.com/6tbdf - our car broke down whilst on a road trip and we (the four of us)  had to pile into a towtruck  )
is waiting for her car battery to be ready for pick up, yep left the lights on 
i'm sooo disappointed that ian left the cab, you have no idea! my fellow auburnonian 
has so many things to move out. I need someone to drive my car. I have no professional license, yet.  http://plurk.com/p/z0jwy
@gfalcone601 ill come!I wanna drive!!im 17,got my drivers licence 3 months ago and havent had a chance to drive cause we don't own a car 
@zivklara lol....I wish that was my problem but it takes my father ages to find a car!!!he's driving me crazy  I dont have a final do you?
thank god that my car got broken into...ipod gone...we had a good run. 
I noticed we had a flat after the locksmith got the keys outta the trunk. had 2 cancel our trip up north. 
@outrage_designs yes thanks, catching up with friends haven't seen for ages, altho i was the taxi driver 
Hercules (my chihuahua) was about an inch away from getting hit by a car 
goddamn..i am ashamed to admit that i popped FIVE acrylics on the hood of a truck belonging to a boy i liked..thebn chased it in reverse 
So I'm standing in the blaring lights of a fire truck at my work cause of a fire  it's too late (or early) for this!!
Me and my bub were in a crash yesterday. our lil car lives no more!  stupid flash bugger clipped us on a roundabout
That damn dog has it out for me. Limped to my car and back and damn thing chased me the whole way. I lost a sandal to boot. 
Just thought I saw a person in my backseat and freaked on the fwy 
Sleeping in the car just isn't my thing. 
@shaunjumpnow omg mario kart  all the older games are epic and i miss the n64  lol
I better vacuum clean my car since @jimmisk 's sugar is spilled all over in the boot 
so sick of this rain  want to go out, but its just putting me off doing anything. It's so heavy i'll get drenched just going to the car
Going on the hampster wheel ride 4 times really bruises thy body  xx
Still shaken the fuck up....I miss my car 
at church. my car wouldnt start this morning 
Wow - I thought I was greedy, I hung a fat ball out for the birds a few hours ago and it's all gone ... now they'll s**t all over our car 
@Podpodley The car, in short. It's crap, and no amount of good or great driving can overcome that. 
life lesson - hot car melts your favorite lipstick. 
is trapped bewteen the sofa arm, a table, my dad (who's asleep) and the back of the sofa, with my laptop on my lap  yay!
can't wait for my new car to arrive, six weeks is gonna feel like forever 
Off to check @djnickg ... So much un binned colonel in my car I could open my own freakin branch  http://mypict.me/2UZm
truck still buggered and now the washing machines gone bang .......i'm not going to even think about the next thing that could go wrong 
back to school tomoro   Also, i washed the car and mowed the lawn! What a great help i am! 
new pet peeve- that little triangle the windshield wipers make! it been rainingall over my summer!! not cool  up was sooo cute!
just woke up! finna do this car wash 
@tweeteressa yeah, apparently it closed at 12 and we got there right at 12 and they let the car in front of us in, but not us 
is going to rummage around in my car for that lost pack of cigs.  Quitting is hard 
when will i be able to finish cleaning that damn car. arrrrgh. i still need to buy stuff for my trip tom! 
sam warshed my stainless steel wallet by accident and now its ripped 
Fucker  took my car now I have to wait and depend on other ppl to help me get my food and meds  urgg
I just got pulled over and given a speeding ticket 3 houses down from my own, my excuse: frozen groceries?? Not even a smile from the cop 
boo my dad threw out his old bike. no hipster fixed gear in my future 
@deepthimurali Even a A6 is a front wheel drive... mine too  i badly need a read wheel drive!
@4ntk maybe one of your friends borrowed it.  was your car like super nice?
I'm sad. someone stole the front of my cars radio and now i can't listen to tunes 
needs my crackberry back. i left it in the twins car. fml 
just got back from work..my car got pranked and someone stole my spock figurine.  off to a cookout with the boys at zachs!
@DjDoubleR i would ride but my bike is out of services. 
hates the end of car rides. 
first car accident today..just now...old mexican guy hit me  fuck
@radishh: same thing happened to me when i fucked up the car. 
@robhuebel been there. only the treasure hunt becomes less fun when u find ur car, it's been broken in2, trashed &amp;u have a parking ticket 
some git has stolen my pedal bike 
im driven and I go to the car wash to get my shirt sucked up in the vacum now it has a little dust stain.. sad face 
i feel like twittering cause im bored in the car 
im really hoping some kind person returns my camera i left n the cab yesterday 
I am full  need bike ride
@blossomer It didn't even drop.  It was in the same pocket as my billfold, and riding my bicycle at a normal speed took care of the rest  
:]...bored...just came back from a bike ride by myself. why are my days so empty now? and i have polyblock!  depressed...
watched all the back to the future movies.. its almost 2015.. where's my flying car? 
headed home in a busted car. gonna have to hold the key steady in the ignition the whole time with my hand. this is not going to be fun. 
are you kidding me , i could have gotten drunk and played poker last night , but mum hid the car keys from me 
@marisasmile they played miz biz right when u got out of the car 
Just woke up n had the weirdest dream a old man (my bf?) had my old car made it look pretty again took me to the bush then shot me 
I have to get up at like 5:15 when my mom goes to work in pre-op so I can have the car to go get my diploma...I want my car. 
listening to some van halen and about to hit the hay. got work at 6:30 
@Copsucker i would go but have no car or ride.  I'm lame lame lame!!! 
I had to delay my bike ride due to tornado sirens.  
@darkfairymomma awful. plus the $ and defense on the armored car dropped - I've lost 2000 defense points now. 
I really wanna listen to some taylor swift right now. But all my cds are in my car at my parents house, since i borrowed moms car. 
On my way to munich.. 5hr car ride 
Blasting michele branch and listening to the driver sing to it.  She is the driver, her choice. 
hit the curb with the car today. now steering wheel is flubby... rain on top. What a start of the week. 
man I wanna listen to music but my iPods in the car 
1st puncture in ages - ill prepared and ill equiped - waiting for a bike shop to open 
http://twitpic.com/7gb18 - This was the semi that fucked saras car up... feeling the back pain now... 
Some skank stole my bike this weekend by cutting the bike rack off its wall mounting...moody 
@JoannaAngel I love you call me tomorrow and let me know how everything is going and everythings ok with yer car 
Just want it to be the weekend again !!! Dreadin work tomorrow 
No way!!! I have another puncture in my double buggy! Not happy about this big phil and ted fail 
i got up early so i could curtain twitch &amp; watch lewy atempt to drive a car on his drivin lesson....im disapointed..he was actually good 
wearing green, but there is a 60% chance of t-storms this afternoon = no motorcycle ride to work 
Someone busted out the window in our cadillac and stole our gps. We have no insurance. 
What's the point of having your windows open on a sunny day if you have to put up with some git and his bloody lawnmower 
this van is full of snoring ppl and i cant sleep 
@Schofe i understand weird phobias. i'm scared of lorries without any load on them, when they're jst the front wheels and drivers bit. 
@paul_mcmanus unfortunately the trailer required to drag that monstrous thing about requires more garage space than we have 
...and getting wet. it just starts raining very heavy. and it's a pretty long way down to my car  
seriously had to hold myself back from continuing to walk to garage and get into car and leave. bad mood and hot &amp; just crappy right now 
Running is not for me. Knees just can't do it... back to the bike trainer. 
@djid you know me, bao 'wikki wikki ' binga... damn thunder and lightning up in this bish, and tropical rain too. there goes my bike ride 
@WillMyDogHateMe poor frankie the car hating dog 
having a great day so far except for the fact that my professor  got in car accident!  prayers are much needed for him right now
Man its pouring out there. Just had to move the truck and got drenched. Even with an umbrella. 
eating a wagon wheel and thinking why did i miss rossi/lorenzo race yesterday 
UGH i can't handle one more power saw. And my poor car can't handle the construction mess. I feel helpless. fml 
@phoebstar WHAT!!??? what happened???? :O are you okay phoebs!!??..i was picking my brother up once and someone backed up into my car 
survived work + built up 30mins of flexi! Now on to sorting out car tax and insurance 
hate reverse parking ! It does my nut in !!!!!  !
On my way up the street walking in the rain  not good cant believe i missed the bus  getting a headache due to lack of specs
@willameda my update didn't work this morning (since found out.. not my fault).. and then driving into work my fkn car died 
i want my bike's fixed    so tired of riding. my legs are ger hurts and i'm feel like hell
Is back home and only one more car load before uni life is over! 
just came back from training, whew i felt really heavy cause i had short brake 
I'm officially out of gas we are sitting on the side of the road  can anyone come save us   HCIBTHWDFM?
wow a 2 and a half hour dog walk in da rain  had no jacket and no hood got soaked but me and jordan had a laugh lol
Ugh...I left my ipod in my mom's car 
A damn kid hit my car. Teenagers shouldn't be allowed to drive! That really ruined the weekend 
@Xkiller_starX i feel ya! i got in my first wreck this weekend. my poor car 
@xeniph_b now I feel like crying...because of course I have no car to get to any buttons 
grandmas been gone for two and a half hours and forgot to unplug my phone in her car..  hurry up grandmaaaaaaaaa
My bike hurt me 
just saw a deer crash into a windshield right in front of us. pretty graphic and shocking. everyone is ok ... except the deer 
just took jon to the train station  having pizza hut beforehand softened the blow a bit.
http://twitpic.com/7gsmh - my dog jumped up and popped me in the lip AND I couldn't find my motorcycle key to ride my bike today 
iPhone 3.0 not working with car dock properly. And it was flakey on 2.2.1  have to connect, wait, reconnect!
@crooklynsCutie..its okay some stupid folks broke into ian's car and stole my ipod  we're in the same boat with the missing ipods sista
ugh need a car so bad  never ganna be by senior year
I'm off to work with no car  got stolen crazy asian guy
I feel like im driving a monster truck! I hate big cars!!  trying not to run over small animals...
Just saw the saddest decal on a car. 'if your drunk and driving get off the road i dont want to bury another son.' 
its such a pain to cut 6 foot high grass !!! with a push mower !!  lol i have to use the push mower cuz its on a big hill   anyone want
I heard a gun shot today and i found out they shot a deer down the street 
At adcraft pm meeting but my car was backed into in the parking lot 
Man,,, I'm waitin on my truck 2 get out the shop from my wreck so I can big boi stunt again.. Not feelin the rental car 
just left work, headed to get food and a hitch for my car to attach a better bike rack. Then back to packing 
Ugh, i'd rather be back on my bike  http://short.to/fun4
i'm so wishing i had been in portland to join the naked bike ride! 
http://twitpic.com/7i5or - @ the car wash woo hoo fuck I lost my card membership 
@LilRedCottage yes, we are home and safe ;-) I scraped a phone pole, cement thing when pulling out of a steep driveway on a steep street 
@JoannaAngel sorry to hear about your loss...  means they disabled your lo jack if they can't locate your car
woman in the 'Chase' parking lot gave me a cold look even though i gave her space to backup her car. she has bad craft 
got into a damn car accident  my back hurtss.. no my fault thoughh thank goodness.
oh, what a day...started so well and ended with the front of my car missing 
@asticks front seat's broken and the axel's draggin.. 
Oh dear god, there is this incessant car alarm or siren or something outside that's been going off for like 4 hours now 
 crying....i hate feeling like we're stuck in our car i get chlostrophobic (sp?)
I forgot my zune in my friends car  ahhhhhh
had sooooo much fun at #140conf, met something interesting people! however my cab ride broke down and i had to get another one 
@terri5me2000 we will have his car towed home &amp; stick it in the garage until we can afford to fix it 
@kcklo63 and danggit, our boat is stuck in the in-laws' garage.  too bad i don't know how to swim.
misplaced car key... searching from last 15 minutes... and can't move much... got to go to meet doctor 
1hour untill i have to load up the car and take the ride home 
@Noufah i was carrying it with ma phone last nite heading to the car 
if anyone has heard info about the car break ins in my neighborhood,  it'd be cool if you let me know. i can't stop thinking about it. 
@caitiekendall didnt make it  some ppl got too drunk &amp; had to be driven home (to royal actually) i had to pick up the driver... lame.
one scooter wala hit me today at 17 lights 
i want to go for a bike ride but i dont have a bike! 
My body is in so much pain! 12 miles on the bike trail today and then a quick workout wasn't a good idea 
trying to figure out the stupid radio code for my stupid car any got any ideas?             ):
going to sleep without buggy booo boo 
@andrewbarnett One step ahead of me, still no income, looking at car rego, insurance &amp; electricity bills on fridge 2k I don't have 
Seems to be an extra couple of million cars on the road today 
definition of a &quot;bad car day&quot;: lending your car to a friend and then recieving it back with a dent in it 
watching a horrible story about the guy who sells puppies from his car.. treats them so badly its disgusting.  
i could go for a nice hot fuck right now, but... my man is miles and miles ans miles away... 
Today's agenda: drop off car at car shop, pick up rental, then go to work. No time to go to the gym 
The car is ok! But i cut my hand 
@lynnali2 I promise.no speeding.lol  I do see some of the more mature ladies, speeding, and pushing folks out or the way, with a scooter 
it didn't rain on the bike ride home, thank goodness! i hope the forecast for thunderstorms is wrong, i hate taking the subway 
 Not happy about having to drive mom's car for the next couple of days till my car gets worked on.
Someone crashed my cars side window during the night 
 why i gotta hit a parked car is beyond comprehension... hard earned won down the drain... well... more like to the body shop...
arghhhhh why cant i insure my car jus for a month ?!  (Without havn to pay out shit loads!!)
The only thing worse than finding a spider in your car is losing a spider in your car 
@JustcallmeMac guess so. He stole a car from me. 
@endlessblush Haha. I guess all the good bits were in the trailer then 
today's cologne is et tu de octane.... spilled gas all over me, the bike, and the ground this morning.. gas pumps dont work with bikes 
cops got me @ whiterock for &quot;not slowing down enough&quot; at a stop sign. on my bike. this isn't a good week 
@thisgoodlife Thanks.  I wrote until 1:45 am, then there was this crashing car at 2:40 that woke the kids up.
actually... right now I really wish it was later and taco bell was open... I'm hungry... but I don't have a car to drive at the moment  
is in desperate need of a Timmies coffee.. left mine in the car this morning. not even opened. 
A squirrel just ran in front of my car and i didnt have time to stop idk if i hit it! It was just a baby 
man...the battlenet site is down, how am i supposed to have my battle-bot fuel waiting in my mailbox when I get home? 
@Hayles17 I could cry right now. It's not his fault I suppose, but I just feel like a walking cash machine 
Returning the truck and going to the doctor followed by setting up studio equipment and unpacking  http://myloc.me/429o
i may end up with an american car  those who know me knows somewhere a pig is flying...quick i need to buy something jdm for my eg!
just talked to mamadukes - they might total my car  i swear this month couldnt be any worse.
@hadtobeyou i want answers  but at least your phone's not broken stuck inbetween car wheels somewhere on a highway to like quebec
why won't my fucking car start? i replaced the battery about 2 months ago! help 
@durtbagz What, no bike ride with me.  I will miss you my friend.
chillin at my moms i cant believe popo still got my car on hold 
@3rdparty Also, that sucks about your bike  I live right near that park.
Praying I am able to get my house and my car......lovin my bogey boy 
This guy on the bus has literally been talking for half an hour about ewndom nothings. I think he's drunk. Or retarded  kill me.
#iremember when I hit @marcopoe car afterschool....sorry babes 
I cut mah finger on an interior car door~ What a pretty slice~ It bled a lot~ I forgot to lick it while it was fresh 
I just saw a cat get hit by a car  not cool
There is a gorgeous great dane in the car next to me. I want a dog so badly 
just got my car back from having recall fixed. my dad said it didn't look like they did anything  scary because my car could blow up!
Just got back to our van &amp; trailer and they stole our spinners... I loved those walmart spinners... 
@andaid http://bit.ly/13oiYu ok a 43 year old woman jumped in front of a train to kill herself. It was not a train accident. 
Sending some tweet love to my honey @pdxj, stuck in the deep burbs waiting on the car dealer. 
just rode 14 miles on a bike with two old dudes... they killed me 
Still n da loaner car  frowny face patiently waitin on my truck!!! 
Ugh there is a large truck of some sort (moving van i think) behind my apt building and the smell of diesel is wafting in my window 
hopes the car is ok. it did not like the trip at all...  http://plurk.com/p/11ghkp
@mcdoeli07 i stopped being old school awhile ago... it was stolen out of my car 
Taking all the things out of my car that make it my own, like stickers and buttons. This is sad 
My poor lil car its like it wants 2 start but doesn't it goes putt putt putt 
To add insult to injury, the rear wheel was stolen off my crippled bike.now it just looks like a sad pile of scrap chained to a fence  #fb
@MouseGoesSqueak there are several factors involved: parental permission, money, a car, pepper spray! lol all of which i don't have! 
@elomarinside yeah i just lost a car as well 
needs two new tires. ran over something earlier which slashed one of the rear tires. the spare tire works but needs to be replaced too. 
As I try to dance in backseat seatbelt keeps locking. 
well about to hit the car wash with my neighbor. well wanted to show ya'll how dirty my car is, but idk how to twitpic on sidekick 
well about to hit the car wash with my neighbor. well wanted to show ya'll how dirty my car is, but idk how to twitpic on sidekick lx 
@SereneBella there has to be a name for this condition. i'm probably gonna hafta get up soon b/c my lap top charger is upstairs 
Going car free is such a great idea... until you need kitty litter or bottled water    ugh my poor back
man i think i lost the key to my club...don't drive the car anymore but still 
's mom nearly got ran over by a truck on her bike and dropped her work bag with all her information, which was then stolen.  #fb
well I was going to take a benadryll &amp; counter act it's sleepy effects with coffee but apparently the car is broken, a hose, o'piddly poo 
Warning: do not travel 285N if u don't have to...there was an accident and it's backed up like crazy! 
Should I have stopped and offered the pregnant lady at the hospital bus stop a ride?  I kind of feel bad... 
Although the police stopped the bus, the person transporting the two beautiful shaheen falcons managed to escape through the crowd  grrrr!
@mslol4 how dare u speak of sonic knowing that I haven't had any in like forever thanks to my car being sick 
What a night...$450 dollars later, got my car back 
My car wont catch up guys.      -Americana
@BrandonBarber12 thanks for your comment on the dogs dying in the hot car... awful 
my eyes are burning and my car is still in the shop.  not much got done today.    I am such a loser sometimes.
i have a fatass headache from debora smoking all those stoges in my car 
@mandyOH I do but I don't have a bike  I have skates!
ok I just got soaked by a car  waiting for the bus, im ill D:
@greatbrittania that just happened to my co-worker!!!  and it was gas stations in van nuys!!! but she has b of a.  i'm so sorry 
@knockemdeadkid I knew that haha. I just forgot.  What kind of truck are you getting?
@brainstuck @newbnb i cud never buy those toys  somehow my dad thought it was a waste.....he used to get me robots and cars 
@MissCasanovaa he hit a telephone pole and totaled his car i getta drive him around all summer now  but i'm glad he's okay, he coulda died
Feeling old &amp; decrepit after a hard ride on the pony this arvo 
Just got soaked by a car goin through a puddle while i was standin at bus stop  all wet  x
need to run down to the car and get ciggs soon...damnit for forgeting them 
need to run down to the car and get ciggs soon...damnit for forgetting them 
going to sleep early... well 4am is early for me lol... got stuff to do later... like bring my car to the dealer to get the window fixed 
@Erock808 yes i want one!  i think thats why i got sick i didnt have my fix on it when i wanted it!  LOL i gotta take my car to the shop 
@myoptika ...A mountain bike with a broken derailleur, no less. I have no top gear 
car insurance bill came in the post today so I have to hold off upgrading my computer for a while 
some nice person has tried to put my cars rear windscreen thru by the looks of it its all scraped and dented 
@bleum937 no doofus! he took his shirt off after the footy match, then we wanted to get one last look when the bus came past but it didnt 
@sijeka no way! i can't believe they fined you for that - bikes are traffic for sure, but cars and trucks kill people on bikes. 
@ladybug8320  I guess ! But still haven't my dream car tho !! 
i miss tom  stupid cars going round in stupid circles
We was laughin an talkin about the old times i fucc around an left my damn car keys in her G ride so now she may have to ride back 
bye guys im off to da train station too bad i aint gt no black berry lol 
Just sold my first drift car to fund my new project, goodbye indi's 86 
OOps @ksymmonds just broken the lawn mower!  had to get v heavy old 1 out 2 finish job! now 4 the sweeping up, back in bout 2 hrs lol!!!
that was horrible, little 2 year old boy outside my house got hit by a car... 
@the_anke that is sad...someone has only got a saddle, two wheels and some handle bars - but no bike frame to go with them 
I think my cars exhaust has lost one of it's strap thingies. 
don't feel safe this cab driver keeps reading the newspaper while driving  Not to mention he asked ME for directions &amp; smells like butt 
Hates car trouble and suggests that everyone change their oil regularly. 
Miserable, seven hour car ride home.  textit? :]
2 days to go until I pick up my new car!! I can't wait although I will be sad to see my puma go  x
On my way to carowinds with youth leader in his van lol im such a badass its raining 
the romance goes right out of a thing with the 1st truck that sprays you as it passes 
My bus driver is a maniac! It's like a bloody white knuckle ride on here! 
@GeorgeOnline if i had a car i'd get it for ya. 
It's officially so that I have lost my ray ban  Going out to buy a near pair. Editors have taken over the car's stereo!
This is how I feel towards some1 http://is.gd/14van Just exactly wht barney says at 1.45. 
@lilyroseallen lol i wish it was here, its soo windy i was almost blown clean of my bike!! 
has a sore wrist from my bike crash last nite 
@misskia910 so im on the curb wit my 3 bags car seat n miss whites floatie.. Hurryyyyyyy!! O n &quot;king&quot; is mad @ me 
I almost crashed my damn car right now. How can a tiny little spider cause so much commotion. 
What happens when 48 buckets of glue fall off a truck?  You ruin one of your favorite shirts 
i swear i just saw a dead guy who had gotten in a wreck on his motorcycle! 
Please? I gotta pick up my car 
Uugghh my polka dotted dusty car is killin me! On site car wash was mia at work today! 
@Lauriebstyle i have no car- it is at the fixer-uppers all day 
Watching embarrassing illnesses...eek.  Also saying a little prayer for all those snails that were trodded on in the car park today. 
$750 for rent minus $850 for my car minus whatever i spend in san francisco this weekend = broke 
is feeling unhappy 2day - gained weight again - need new spec's as well as spec's for driving (horror) - took new top back as 2 small 
i am super bored! someone broke in to my brothers car!  going on myspace!!!
Having a bad day -  first A/C goes out in my car and now my cell won't turn on or off     *bangs head on wall*
Speaking curses at my car that wont turn on 
perfect start to first day home: sitting at a shell station in parma because christa's car has over heated. hahaha. i'm sooo hungry 
@oldbluebox lame.  you've had good music in your car the two times i've been in it so i was hoping you would say something good. But no.
Cars fixed! But no aircon  so still in garage. 2 busy 2 notice its gone! http://www.worklifebalancecentre.org/  fancy a whole centre 4 it
It would be a perfect world if the tailgaters were in front of me and the 3-car length leavers were behind me. 
I didn't even realize I was singing aloud in my car with the window rolled down until the people walking started looking at me funny 
Just curious why someone was compelled to tie caution tape on my car while I was at work today  http://twitgoo.com/u4xs
Just curious why someone was compelled to tie caution tape on my car while I was at work today  http://twitgoo.com/u4xu
hates it when she misses 2 74s in a row, while walking to the bus stop, which happens WAY too often 
Just blew 60 bucks on an armadillo tire 
Totally want to buy a road bike and bike to work, but can't find a decent woman's road bike for under $1300.    Not thrilled about used...
@rainingcandles shane and I had to replace the clutch in the car about 2 months ago. That was money I didn't have either.   sorry for that
...thanks to the douche who broke into it a couple of days ago. $200 bucks to break into my own car (and get new locks) 
Wow didn't mow the lawn cuz I thought the mower was broke mom comes home the mower isn't broken I get in trouble for not mowing the lawn 
holyfriggincrap. just watched a video of a guy having sex with a car exhaust pipe 
got more than 25 points back on a test! woot!! but my car stereo is still broke. 
woohoo. my car is totalled and i need to find a new one. but i want another cadillac. boo. no clue where i'll find one as awesome as mine 
car stinks of curry 
Looks like it's going to rain!!!  I just washed my car the other day...
got into a car accident today  rabby's going to need some serious lovin' from the insurance company.
Man i'm smart... I just locked my keys in my car!  at least my mom is bringing me the spare!
http://twitpic.com/7ogk3 - the only car they'll let me drive  someone teach me how to drive stick.
Just stopped on the side of the road so my mom could pee. Ahaha she deleted it after i chased her into the street to get my phone back. 
stuck in office without car ... sis took my car  ... cant go out for lunch .........
My car is screaming for gas and my walllet is groaning in pain from it  gas prices=fail #fb
@peterfacinelli thats so cool. if i had a car i wud do that, but my parents probaby wudnt let me do that to thier car 
hurt my hand somehow im assuming while i was washing my car 
someone broke into hubby's truck and took some stuff- 1 major item- our garage door opener. i'm not feeling very safe! 
@mithril_hall lawlz. i cant even drive a car @ 10 mph paying full attention without fucking up 
@Jeaninemae i like how everyone thinks i get the car on my own when thats not the case i drive with my parents  and sell a book mate.
@exart yes, and it sucks    and i need my car to run errands. without traffic it would be 1 hour 15 minutes. with traffic its 2+
A neighbour was backing her car,when a new born puppy put under the car by the bitch came under the tyre  . The bitch is barking in sorrow
@Hessaleene i am a big stupid head  i left my phone in my friend's car... hopefully i can get it back tomorrow... go me!
left the headlights on last night and is waiting for ibn il jiran to bring jumper cable from his dad's garage 
@TheCrystalLady yup! though,they are building outside and a digger woke me up  twisty bashed on the window &amp; looked angrily at them.
@printmatic  this is why i need a bike... or a damn horse!
Morning tweeple. Today I hope not to loose my mind as I am stuck in the hotel as I don't have a car today 
Wish I had a car... I don't wanna drop my mom off to work every morning anymore  Tiiiiiiired ~_~
@Antbike my track pump was no blow this morning too after working on schraeder valve trolley wheels the day before 
really fancies a bike ride :/ yet my bike was sold last week 
I am in mourning for the front passenger side of my car today after an unfortunate meeting with a metal post at work. 
My little car has a date at the smash repair shop tomorrow 
meh, today we gotta pickup the truck but my mom just got the stomach flu 
My car wont start 
why does the radio fail so hard? my cig lighter broke in my car so i cant use my ipod transmitter 
Ordering a filthy disc brake bleed kit and new pads, seeing as edinburgh bicycle is too busy to handle it. 
a little sad now. just saw a guy on the corner with a sign that says ''will work for food'' with his family in the car behind him! 
I don't want to hear a monster truck lullaby anymore 
@phr3nzy hmmmm good idea..but my car makes horrible noises when i go on fast roads  its quite worrying lol the cricket starts at half 5,
Trying to understand karma: this morning i stopped and removed a box turtle from the road to save it, then later killed one while mowing  
I really want a car/learn to drive but I can't afford the insurance  anyone know the cheapest/cheap car to insure for an 18 yr old?
Going for a bike ride then lots of cleaning around the house. Looks like more rain 
Someone dropped a ramp off his trailer on the highway and I hit it and bent the frame of my truck. 
lost dem car keys, but found them at the lost &amp; found ... which i can't get into because it's locked 
@sharonveazey l0l. you just replied to yourself but thats fine with me. i need a ride.  stupid car.
aHhhh wat to do so many ppl want to chill but no car to day 
Just got told off by a cop on a segway... How dehumanizing... 
Wondering y my car isnt starting..an no it aint the battery as its turning over but wont start 
rough night  - victor your car is getting wet so much for that carwash.
I might need to buy new shifters for my bike 
http://twitpic.com/7q05r - my poor baby    -2009 pontiac vibe vs deer highway speed. all airbags deployed. thank god for seat belts.
Waiting for 1 p.m. to roll around so I can go see my dad. Not having a car and relying on people who are lazy isn't good. 
@GregBardsley  what a lame birthday present, CAR.  Looking at you, car.
my thumb hurts, my brother closed the car door on it 
@xorem LOL, its a workout in its own way.. the next thing to tackle is my car.. it's just like my closet stuffed with clothes and shoes 
i hate having to wear glasses...i hate it. - headaches arent helped by the group of 10yr olds jumping out infront of cars outside either. 
@JimmyWayne at least you were on the ground and not in a plane...your bike would serve you well right now! You and yout travel luck 
9 mins left and I don't think this bike is going to sell 
What should I get myself for my birthday? Last year I got myself new rims for my car... I am out of ideas this time 
cab driver in st. john's newfoundland told me it was nicest warmest spring ever here - really strange - must be that global warming thing 
Some lady hit my new car      but she is going to pay for the damage!      Does anyone know where I should go to get an estimate!!??
@lizook12 My car seats are heated most of the year whether I want them that way or not!  Currently 90 w/heat index of 96 
rob was hit by a cab 
My car smells like food &amp; wet assss 
thunderstorm=no bike ride. 
no more new bike   just a tune up
can't believe robert pattinson got hit by a car in the hip because he was running from fans 
@smallakin you ok?!?!  Those tracks can be not so much fun on two wheels 
I kall myself trying 2ship this phone out the same day &amp; then my car turns into a swimming pool!  thank g0d 4leather. any1 have a towel?
why does electronic stuff refuse to work around me....computers, phones,tv's etc. even my car's left indicator has given up on me!!!!!.. 
geez, when did gas hit $3 a gallon? 
found out that my uncle hank passed away today  also, got new tires for the car earlier. i'm going to be paying on those for a long lo ...
burnt out my hard drive so I won't be online for a while unless someone has a spare ide harddrive 
@piratevampXD  But i dont think that he got the bruises from the car accident, cuz the cab only hitted his hip
@dabinion Are you at fox valley?! I was gonna come in and get a car wash/visit you but it was past 6:00 and service is closed  sad day..
chillin with the roomie. she got into a car accident today  figures, we were on the way to go undie shopping too!!!! &gt;.&lt;
@Hollymark im not riding my spin bike cuz my toe really hurts 
@KicksandChicks sorry moms took the keys to the car til i clean it out and put my tag on the back instead of in my window 
yay for my breaks smoking like they're on fire!!! guess I am without my beloved subaru for a day or 2 - have to drive a pt cruiser - yuk 
Just found out that I the springs on all 4 wheels of my car are broken, bleh! 
has been sneezing all day and had to blow her nose with a (clean) pantyliner in the car because I didn't have any tissue 
@paulanicole13 hes fine! He wasnt paying attention &amp; hit the car in front of him  my poor baby 
@friendlyfirex well it's not like I ever rode your bike anyways 
@ReneeBarber was just a sprint triathlon, so short but not so sweet my wrist hurt the entire bike ride &amp; I just sucked it up &amp; kept going 
@MizDallas hey girl wats good... my phone dead  damn i need a car charger
- horrible start... just was abt to crash my car on the ring road... 
@MrNonchalant It's buggy 
In a cab...stuck in traffic 
@LilLadyV08 I was n a car accident last week.  I keep gttn spasms and I have a pinched nerve caused by a slipped disc 
@pocayonce wish i could. Gotta get an emissions test b4 i can take the car on the road again. 
@pwnsyou strange beeping noise... truck backing up...  that joke bombed. 
scratched the car up drivin in2 the curb!  jane's a much better driver! she drives it everyday- 1 dent, I drive once in while and i 7/8?
@uwillbeheard ya I hit my cat with the car today (accident ) i'm on petas bad side 
2 days 2 2 mnths........bought new jeans...have not been able 2 ride my bike  2 busy getting ready 4 2 mnths..........
@FerasH A free boat ride for 3!!! I'll take @jayisgeek and... T-pain. You haven't been on in forever either so no chatting. 
      i think i'm going to go 3 a long drive then when i get to the pacific ocean open my car door and throw my pc in the ocean
I can't believe my best friend who never leaves her house got a job, license, and a car before me. I'm extremely jealous right now. 
@HarryHarley ;(  I really want to learn to ride motorcycles. On my bucket list. I think it would be so much fun
Wow.... I just spent almost a G on my school shit... When a G could of gone to my car 
Just in bed, resting my back, I'm in lots of pain!! I hate car accidents!!! 
fuck, deal fell threw with the car 
lcs_design thats not good. how bout i was stuck in the car in a strom 2night in the parkin lot 
@lcs_design thats not good. how bout i was stuck in the car in a strom 2night in the parkin lot 
In the car shawster the monster/scuba steve / tylerrrr!/anden woo  grady grady grady. I hope everythings alright
oh fuck!!! just saw a car burst into flames and I'm pretty sure there were people still in it because the smell of the fire was off 
got her first scratch on her new bike  stupid huge metal poles
worst day, had a blood test and my bf had to get xrays of his back and to top it off our rear window of the car got smashed 
@officespacejk  Ended up using one of those damn scooter carts... I felt 80 
Not how I wanted my weekend to start  #sheffield #car #fail http://twitpic.com/7s5aw
wow, soooooo tired and i have to wake up early!  not a happy camper.
Having to catch the bus today instead of cycling to work.. Slightly annoyed as I have to buy a new wheel and pedal set to keep riding 
http://twitpic.com/7s8iz Some more parks crashes his truck of the road. As a result I am in the office 45 minutes later than planned 
flat tire     damn.... have to rush now.......
its ridiculous to know that someone from a town as small as mine can wind up naked and dead on the road side. im so sad. r.i.p. joe.   
street sweeper social club: #ratm leftovers  http://bit.ly/7MAWw i just want rage against the machine back!
stupid bus driver went the wrong way *angry face* i had to walk for ages then stand outside a store looking like a hobo  gonna play wii-by
Running a smidge late but finally in the car minus earplugs 
http://twitpic.com/7s8iz Some morron parks crashes his truck of the road. As a result I am in the office 45 minutes later than planned 
Just watched the most horrific video of someone in a burning car.. 
#inaperfectworld my car would need no petrol(gas) and I wouldn't drive an hour to work  wait! I wouldn't work just make art all day...
@peeranoia  no earth crisis for me  hustlers is a  slave driver
Just seen how much car hire is going to be for the hol, looks like i won't be able to eat or drink on hol 
My motorbike seems to have a dead battery, sucks   Going to the garage in the afternoon to get it fixed (if someone helps me push...)
@kashaziz yeah safe but new car is not safe! 
Me&amp;mommy are jammin in the car, i don't wanna go take finals! 
http://twitpic.com/7sim7 - lancia musa! nice brand, ugly car 
A squirrel just ran under my car and got himself squished. One less road warrior for the gene pool. 
is in a crisis. left a hard disk at uni. must do a pit stop before airport 
On the road! Its early and my mom won't let me have coffee because she doesn't want me to be hyper in the car.   
I started the day off being rear-ended on my way to work (I'm not hurt nor my car) and then a knitting needle poked through my new purse 
Does anyone have the website for the prom photos? I left my card in dad's car 
No radio in my car ?!  damn..
@samanthabates i wont be able put it in car on mi own, sy is goin to a presentation at 6 so he wont be able lift it 
@musiccitymel &quot;sunshine&quot;? me? not this morning.  car still in shop, they claim everything is fine. grrrr
my bike with kid seat was stolen from my garage last night  I forgot to lock it up. I am very sad that i can't go riding with my son now.
mmmmmn.. In a taxi &amp; the driver has serious personal hygeine issues 
Not going on a bike ride unfortunately.  
A man waited for me to leave my dance class, hid, then jumped out &amp; tried to get me to get into his car. I'm upset &amp; tense. I can't relax 
@SarahBeth81 awww  a guy riding a bicycle on the sidewalk yelled at me for using a big umbrella!
Just hit a bird in my car &amp; don't wanna stop &amp; look @ it!! 
Calling auto upholsterers.  Turns out there's ~1/2&quot; of padding under auto carpet.  If it gets wet, gotta rip out + replace.  
ANOTHER thing wrong with my blazer!  just got new tires and ball joints now my stupid wheel bearrings &amp; brakes &amp; rotors need changed 
Someone hit a duck with their car 
Decal on the car in front of me today said &quot;it is what it is.....&quot; that's exactly how I feel about my life right now 
Couldn't bare driving in silence so I had to play music on my phone ~~ gotta get the car stereo ixed 
My car was the unfortuate victim of a bird with what looks like severe diarrhea. 
Just had the phonecall I was dreading from the garage, the 601mobile needs a new engine, looking a 7 large 
Someone wanna let me know where I can find a good bike basket? 
How the heck did I give birth to such a lazy kid? He wont go for a bike ride with me... ONLY a 12 mile ride.. 
Sitting in car outside chippie whilst wife joins the queue which is outside the door! I'm not allowed them tho 
any one else noticed how hot it is out today?  I celebrated by running errands in my non-airconditioned car 
got mad emotional just now @ an intersection.. just saw 78 (i counted) cars following a funeral car to the cementary, gotta live life man 
@travis311 hah, it's a 92...i've got a lot more important problems than the puddle...i hate this car 
well I just got back from the car doctor and yes it is bad news... not terminal but not good 
2 fractured ribs, a black eye, another citation and a totaled car  bad weeek
Shit! My cousin was in a little car wammy. She's good but still  I wish I could go be with her.
Is looking forward to some good times. And damn do I want pizza since that idiot driver forced me to slam my brakes and smash my dinner.. 
I saw an old man get hit by car, he lookd like a rag doll, I thought I was gettn punked 
my car went through a ocean of water on the road.. please be okay car  fucking thunderstorms &amp; flooding!!
Feeling better guys..  Waiting for my friend to come and see whats up with my car 
Sitting in the tow truck on my way back to lewisville while staring at my maroon accord on the back in the rearview mirror. 
My bike....  damn you toothpick!!!!
tennis camp is over, yeah! sad news is on way back both bike tires popped 
It was ok babes but i hurt my back  hey you can come wash my car too! Its really really dirty :p
Is riding in the car and is tired of the music on my ipod and there isnt anything good on the radio  lame
http://tinyurl.com/mtpydg not that bakersfield's bike trail isn't faa-bulous.... but its no pacific grove. sigh. I miss it 
spent a small fortune fixing my car today 
on the train heading home..my car is out of commission  but I talk to the dealership and my baby will b back on the road fo sho next week
just saw a vespa 
just got home from a bike ride. i rode for 20 minutes and my entire lower body is fucking killing me. ugh. 
@dlayphoto: yeah, it's not in the car or the apartment 
I hate my genes and them causing me to get motion sick. Makes for internet in the car difficult. 
ugh horrible day! hit a car in  miami wack traffic. 
wow, i could do with drivin around in the car right now. I guess everyone is alseep though, since its 1am 
@gregoryfocker jealous i wanna watch the cab sound check  you are like living my dream of seeing the cab everyday. haha
Just realized the guy next to me on the bus smells of wet dog and grass. 
ugh , boredddd .. wish i had my drivers license. i Need to get out of this house  lol
half the dank is missin from my car 
i hate having to take the fucking bus  can't wait to get my car
someone stole  the front wheel of my bike 
fuck also, i had my hand out of the window of the car tonight and i hit 2 lightening bugs by accident 
I am pretty well fed up with the hot and humidity. The ac in the van isn't working. 
Just got thrown across the back seat of a car and after I fixed my hair and laughed I realized it kinda hurt 
my car is in da shop..my mom jus walked into my room, n said what u doin tmrw, i say i wont have car tomorrow. she laughs and walks away 
My car wouldn't shift into park today... Is that a bad thing? It took me a minute to do it.. 
@bizzareentity well, unfortunantly i didnt go   it was to far away, and my bro had to go use the car!!
LOL! i am in a wrapped vehicle....  stranded, waiting for the cool down fairy to come.  i think my vw is about to kick the bucket. 
Today I fucked up my leg while bike riding  gunna go out to sushi maybe I'll feel better
#dontyouhate the fact that marine world don't got that big ass whale slide with the ball pit n the middle or the cargo nets no more 
@jessenicholas but...but.... buggy is just so much cuter.... 
finally get restoration for my damn bike. my 07 suzuki gsxr was stolen 1 1/2 years ago. i miss it 
@ImmortalxKiss an old lady hit my car in the walmart parking lot 
crazy, fun, still a dnf though  definitely need more light there. looks like a tornado hit that spot. 3 for terrain? possibly, at least.
Going to die in the rain driving in someones car 
well the lights still on  im going to the junk yard tomorow for unrelated car parts. I don't like cars that much
the weather in australia I bloody miserable. just slid out on my bike at the skate park 
@JennaAllen13 my mom thinks she was hit by a car, and last time I seen him he was good. my bros cat, Kimpachie, ran him off 
My friend is drunk dreiving sticking his head out the sunroof on the parkway;  save me
well, got a big long car ride tomorrow...going to miss my mom lots 
My life sucks. Totally stranded in the mall parking lot waiting on dominique's parents to come and jump my car. 
@am13er  philly is like 6 hours from me, i don't have a car otherwise i'd figure something out. i hatehatehate not having a car so much
@scooter190 sorry  if my parents were cool w it I have room but I have a feeling that they aren't
So I bought my brothers car today and the damn transmission is screwed so now i gotta rebuild it or buy a new one 
@camillagodzilla I'am I wore and old white tshirt to work, and, well I managed to get oil, dirt, and fuel splatered all over me 
Morning All No lie in today-have to drop car off for service. And its raining. And they don't have any courtesy cars. 
The day jon taught me the key to life, he gets in a car accident, this is horrible 
Shit, I hear clapping from the baby's room. I have to get up in 6 hours. She has to get up but gets to go back to sleep in the car 
i really hate big ass puddles that you can not tell the depth of... the mess up cars 
wow what a night;; dancing = fun,, losing the car key = terible, wow no phone and none of my stuff;; home going to bed  .thinking of him!
@LLCOOLDAVE *sigh*...car...driving...memories 
i'm really bummed about sara's dog, and @drambajuice's buddy, getting hit by a car. i'll miss you bella! 
@tjamlee aw man, cup n cone?! we ended up at our car 
my mate that broke his leg today out dirt bike riding is now in surgery, but may never be able get on a bike again 
@LeeGazeprophets don't suppose it'd be possible to get a signed start something album cover, someone broke into my car and nicked my one 
On our way to the wedding! I hate long car trips.   Unless I'm driving with the windows down and the music blasting...  
Up early driving minding my own business and got in a car accident there goes my truck  dumbass hit me from the back
Oh joy - someone has decided to set their car on fire just a bit north of here and on the same motorway 
I got woken up early!   guess I 'll go wax the car.
bloody countryside bus driver... Just ran over a squirrel. Last time it was a pheasant. 
I feel like something bad is headed my way, like when you see an Asian behind the wheel of a car... 
I wanna rabbit  They sell them now in Cheppo pet shop by the dell car park. They're soooo tiny
Sitting in wally world parking lot while my dad tries to get his car started...poor guy 
heyyyy @schzimmydeanie were you on the bike after the concert yesterday, I got yelled at my security  you kicked ass tho. loved it.
omg it's 7:30 in the morning and i woke up on the back of a scooter in emeryville how did this happen   
Looks like car needs new brakes, no surprise since I'd noticed some issues. Another four hours to wait 
 tire replacement in very near future - nail is lodged in sidewall - today is very expensive car day - also getting inspected &amp; oil change
I fucking hate this day already I woke up too early and had to leave 10 mins after then I hit my head on the car I got icing on my pants 
tryin to mentally prepare myself to clean my room...n missing my car 
too early to be up! dumbass dad is trying to pound out dent in car. didnt get to sleep til 5 ugh 
Just woke up to a fucking truck unloading rocks onto my frontyard 
someone spraypainted my car w/ a long pink stripe last night. vandalism. sad. I hate people. wonder if it could even be removed 
Just got back from  a short little bike ride, it started raining. 
i cant find any1 who wants to/is available to go to little women.  i need to get a f-ing car. mayb by next week if i learn to drive stick
Waiting on my mom to get here so we can decide if car can be driven or needs to be towed  oil leak]
traffic ew , in the car way to new york 
i'm sick &amp; it's stating to rain. not a happy camper 
I may need a new saddle. 20-mile ride put a real hurting on me 
Someone jacked my lakers flag off my car 
saw an old dude sitting in the middle of the road while i was driving. couldn't take a pic of him coz my phone was at the backseat. 
Is in the middle of nowhere with a flat tire.. 
Going for a bike ride to the cemetery by myself i guess... 
Omfg!  i just saw a dog get hit by a car 
The green frog has got it's engine oil but unfortunately it looks like I have no option but to take it in a garage for a look 
@MarkConstable in the carpark,she just dropped dead.was horrible.paramedics couldn't do anything. 
waiting to go eat breakfast but my dad locked the keys in car... 
@CarlKavorkian Haha sorry don't have my car that's where my ball is 
why does everyone lose it when it rains here, 6 car pileup on I-5S near del mar  #stupidcali
Needs a new skateboard! cuz mine just got wheelbite  ! the bolt came loose and the truck that attatches snapped off while goin down hill!!
WHY didn't I backup the cycorder movies of a drunk manager @ work.. bye bye evil plan to blackmail him and get a company car 
There is a motorcycle rally in the town we are staying in this weekend. All these bikes &amp; we don't have ours! 
Is on my way to jax fl just saw a motorcycle wreck on 95 guy didnt make it. 
heading to bed.  going to attempt to make money at a car boot sale so have a very early start tomorrow 
and my car got stolen. but the fucking cops wont let me report it because im not in town? pretttty fucking cool.. could use some help 
car wash was great. helluh sunburnt tho 
Someone came by to test drive my truck. I'm going to miss her. 
On a search for tires! 1st stop was shitty!! 
i'm very tired. I sleep some times in car. I can't stop standing. my nose is very bad. and my eyes close alone. i don't can handle more. 
I want to go for a bike ride!  Too bad I have to work 
Heading to me madre's to feed her ailing kitty cats. Wish I had an easier time transferring my car plates today. Dampens travel plans 
I stuk in car wit fat demon 
omg my cab driver is on something. ughhh 
Running thru the car wash. We somehow wound up with gum all down the driver's side. 
@vbjb123 concert and there wont be enough room in her car, but she said if his friend wasnt going she would totally take you. sorry 
My fucking car got a punctured tire... And my dad thinks someone did it to me. 
@joyscandalous haha maybe if there was any sign of a shiney volvo owner but atleast my luck isnt that good my cdpic!  lol
i want a third wheel to come along  now we'rr on the bus with nothing to dolol
@jamiemcflyx i was gonna take a bag in, with alcohol! i threw my vodka  and left my ba in my mates car, i just took my phone and camera in
@DivaTink I think twitpic took the image down; it's not available anymore  - they were nekkid, those wannabe cops on bikes.
By the way im super car sick n this is not helping 
I kindof have a headache from reading magazines in the car 
My neice just shut my hand in the car door. I'm hoping its not broken 
why is my sister forcing me to get a helicopter on the sims... I jus want a friggin car 
dang, i left my phone in the car.  i'll post the pics in a couple of hours.  sry! 
@petrolhead62 my brothers gf is currently banned from driving at the mo for 12months nearly up  she did not hurt anyone but car
@misslaurenpaige cause my daddy hasnt brought me my car 
@SandynLos I sat in my car with my pre plugged into an adapter..now I'm stuck cause my battery dead..soo yea..pretty weak. 
All of these cars r pullin up but no lonny yet!!! 
made round trip to eureka springs for a wedding.  wedding was great, but the car ride was pure hell.  twelve hours in the car 
@Mrjaydeeone brother still has 96 neon, but engine tore up tranny. Car been sittin for 2 years. He won't let me buy it from him 
Just got a flat on the way home from flyering for a kutless show with @andy7bs &amp; @MandaMichele3  my poor car... Only 2 car payments left
 car's being dumb which means i must spend money on it to fix it instead of going out somewhere tonight. church in the am... then wrk 3-12
@splash022 i was dyin to see the owner but i didnt. i asked random africans wat colour car they had but nothin 
@smilinggal no she met an accident on her scooty on 8th,still healing at home  she's too much prone to accidents
tomorrow my car gets its bum stripped 
| It can't be a good sign when you are burning a disc and the computer is humming louder than a car......!! 
Finally got out on the bike after all the rain and promptly had my third ever flat, then wasn't strong enough to release the wheel lever 
ughhh feeling so sick! and i dont feel like going to get my car  ! @vikkkki take meee to that chinese place in toowong
I haven't clean my car anymore! Supposed I could clean it this morning..but! 
Yay finally made it home... my car is still in ittle rock with severe problems. 
Two cop cars out side my place... Not for me thought 
@jeffGua I don't have my car  gotta try find a ride :p
@panzerpuff does your ghwt drum kit double hit the kick pedal? mine does and i hate it. 
so sorry fellas   . my driver is gone with the wind and he do messed up everything !
Wish I could be out on bristol's biggest bike ride 
@djsho @djELITE @DaLionofjudah @djdoggfather all 5 lugs snapped and my tire flew off on the the freeway 
In the car on the way to see my grandad, im about to die my mum has metalica on and u forgot my ipod 
All the bike shops are closed 
w.e. used to take off monster vine that conquered my fence... many trips to recycle centre;  car is a trash bin now 
Watching the F1... button epic car drive fail  vetel is walking away. 17 seconds in 18 laps!
ok, so the cd player is kinda broken... in the car  there goes my tunes whilst you drive  that was sposed to be my car this summer !
Whatever happened to cars with personality and some nice colour? Everything now is all mute colours!   http://twitpic.com/806eu
i want this car   damn my mate is so lucky to have it  http://twitpic.com/808lb
I've gotta unload the yaks and vacuum the truck out before we go shopping...and it's already lava hot outside. 
soaking wet. in a white tee. lol. it was pouring on my bike ride home. 
is sad cause the shoot i wanted to do, i cant cause james will have the car that day 
I'm gonna need the jaws of life to get my favorite diesel shoes out of the trunk 
While driving by a golf course the golfers decided to use my car as target practice. Now I have a small dent in my work truck  #thatsucks
I hope he can come down or me going to be a very sad camper 
watching house..gettin ready 2 make lunch then get gas 4 the car a large diet from mcd's then head home 
hit by a truck this morning while ridding.. sabotage! will need new wheels. not happy. 
Not once have I lost my car keys... The one time I let my dad use my car he looses my car keys  happy fathers day any ways daddy
@curtispeoples  i need you number! lost my phone!      so you go from your grandpa car to tyler's hooptie!
had the scariest dream to today that i got in a car crash and fell off the top of the freeway bridge  scary
driving to powell(: lol i hate car rides  text me entertain me im bored xoxo,
today i watched a car mow down a family of geese crossing the street... sad   baby geese are super cute when they're all fluffy and living
on the way back to tally ho. damn its hot. still wishin my car wasn't broke 
does not want to take her car to the garage 2morro  its gunna cost so much!  bad times. &lt;3
@andyrobb stopped at a stop light and car couldn't shift out of 1st, evntually just stopped all together... 102,000 miles 
prayin' for the families of those involved in this mess of an accident on the train system! so sad!! 
@dizzyfreckles someone stole my bike or I totally would!  so did you get a chance to check out any of the music I suggested...?
feeling hopeless cuz i cant find my car keys 
just got a car wash. totally forgot i have to drive through a dirt road from where i am. dumbass. 
Going freaking crazy...they are like grinding trees up or testing airplane engines outside the apartments, not annoying in the least 
so when things are finally looking up about finding a house, my car doesn't pass rego. swings&amp;roundabouts 
attacked by dog on bike ride home today 
Why is there a helicoptor flying around at almost 1 am ! i hope there are no abo's in the street again 
Wakein up this mornin, i have a few plans for today:take my car to the honda place to get worked on.no air sucks when its103.yea 
When I go to collage, im so buying a car. we have to walk all around campus in 100 degree weather. 
getting my rear bumper repaired and wont have a car until thursday 
so does this mean I should stop waiting for a mini van and cardboard check to show up in my driveway? I give this news: 2.75 stars. 
@firesty i love riding bikes except when i had to carry beastly on my back  while riding my bike yesterday since it didn't have pegs 
Car with leather interior in summer weather= burnt ass 
feels bad sitting nicely in her room while @missmackie1 is stuck in traffic in her car on the way to her  lol
 why did ugly betty have to be so sad? think i need that petrol station paper roll now 
My cat wore himself out following me back &amp; forth.. now he's resting.. too bad I ran out of room in my car..  he'll come next week! 
sittin in the bus stop with a foot that hurts like hell yay me 
Not a happy camper 
ughh. instead of being at the fair, im towing my stupid car to the shop! 
i'm so jealous i missed a water fight and rolling in ali's car like the white gangsters that we are 
fuggin bored... I want my truck back 
@cab_louie 1) Because I'll 2) miss 3) you 
Sitting in my car with the air running petting my kitty car while we wait for her apt at the vet to make sure she's ok.  I hope so.
http://twitpic.com/88ceg - stuck outside publix w/a cart full of groceries &amp; no umbrella 
Small mix up with bank may mean car does not get picked up until tomorrow 
Shit car just got towed sorry baby 
had 2wake up 2take the rental car back, go 2the library, &amp;put gas n my car all cuz I gotta go back 2work 2nite  I need a nite off 2relax
Computer and car broken! Not a fun day 
is drunk again!not looking forward to my drunken bike ride to work tomorrow!i miss my car!! rip zippy yur off to the scrap yard my friend 
my car is full.  ask vic.
saw the little kids down the street riding their new pony today - so cute but made me miss my horsie 
@thesimpleson as a fellow bike rider with no other transport, I really feel your pain, dude that sucks so bad  people are terrible.
 looks like I have to take the bus home tonight. I really need a new car, BADLY...
it dont make no sense how bad he fucked herup in the limo 
@smithant i'll wait to see how much repairs $$, but prob will need new car. old one is '96 civic &amp; it's been lots of trouble lately 
man do i feel guilty... used fastrak on another car and got two tickets... blahhh and four more to come... huhhh... sori tita sally 
@burnthebluesky yes my car is sitting in my garage dead 
Looking to replace the pole outside the shop. A kid jumped on it and bent it 
Is frustrated with the fukn dump truck and stupid ass drivers. I wish my baby was here. 
morning @Emily999 it didn't go over my foot but it took me 4 a ride when I bumped it down the steps... Oucheee  someone's farted on bus!!!
@Aetsh don't have the spare cash to play with cars!  I ain't trying to bust any big moves on the bike just charging around the bowl!
yoo...sittin in the car...crazy ish is happening rite now man..ima have nitemares tonites 
@Joniesha22 I was but im like dead tired  I had 2 help my friend change a tire on her car &amp; it took 4ever cause we had no clue how 2 do it
Arghh, have to go to the uni so no HPBtour truck for me 
shit, misplaced my pen. hope its in the car. 
so i called him ohh 40 mintutes late!? &amp;bkuz i calld him late he fell asleep on the road &amp; crashed &amp; hit 2 big ol trucks!  he almost died!
darn, wife been in car accident 
getaway happens to be on, i wish i could getaway 
is lyning in bed coz a stupid bus driver went into my mates car and now i cant move my neck and back!! 
omfg... I have to run 2 miles and ride (with bike) 10 miles... I'm going to die!!!! 
amount of sleep so far: 1 hour. my father just woke me for my car keys 
There was a man at the bus stop rocking back &amp; for whilst clutching a tin of paint 
i need a new pair of shoes. i ruined my old ones on the bike ride yesterday 
time for work then taking my car to get the muffler fixed  boooo
I was forced to park my car properly, all for 45 seconds, when the person to be picked up is just in the lift. 
@SurreySteve i dont do cars only computers's  off to see a very nice man in a garage 
@lmsantiago Inevitably, the lawn mower quit on me once I got to the backyard. It's beyond my skills (and time) to figure it out. 
Car wreck  my car's front bumper looks like wall-e when his one eye falls out and is hanging there by a few wires
bummer mr plumber who locked the keys in the truck with the motor running. hanger's not doing it  
oh my, I'm off to sell my car now... 
@shaunyfresko u might wanna hold off on that car wash...  ...i hate this weather!
so bored. getting charlie inspected. stuck at the auto shop. 
@Stace_meister I don't own a bike..  but i will be buying one soon. i requires another mode of transport. as soon as i can wear a helmet!
that doggone hermes dogon wallet is haunting me! must resist ... 
home on my lunch break.  too hot to ride a bike.  glad my car is fixed.  which i could say the same for the ac.  
@DtheArtist its not my fault i tried to take u on father's day, but the car wouldnt cooperate...  lmaooo
My battery in my car died idk what to do??? Or where to get jumper cables  this woulddd happen to meeee
i just got a new car..... beginning to think i should of just kept my old one???? man im lost for words 
@sign4baby we have a suv and small hybrid- I love them both but hate filling up the suv  hybrid too small for business though
ok, everyone who's racing this weekend, dm me with a picture of your car &amp; the make and model. i'll put it all up on my blog 
loves the weather and goes on a bike tour with her doggy now 
@psandalio it's ok! totally diff biz plan. unless you want to do a viet truck now... 
good morning, twitterers!  up and getting ready for school...someone put my car on auto-pilot so i can sleep on the way!
phew, home from the bicycle ride. 22.43 km / 1:09:32 no breaks (but a little uphill pushing 
its so sunnny out   im in the mood to go on a vigorous bike ride!
Yay, new twitter friends  We'll I got up way too late today, I'm going to get an engine for my scooter, can I change it?
my car overheated again, yay! pms-ing like whoa.. step back. 
@tashjones Drivers as in car drivers - or golf clubs? I'm confused - I continue to blame such things on my cough! 
@stustone I work for fedex. Its never our fault  and no, I'm not a driver.
@amykay1 aww thats awesome!  I live in a false reality - i like 2 think i can sing but i cant, doesn't stop me from beltin it out n my car
rise and shine! going car shopping with my pops 
@mrgeecue napa bike ride! 50miles starting out w 1700 ft of climbing to the rolling hills of wine country  expect some twitpics
shower...ride to buggy... 
What a beautiful day for riding a motorbike 
ello at my dads work helping with the car show  haha.
fighting the urge to run a certain person over with my truck!  
@syapflife - He's doing alright so far -- said he was feeling great after the bike. No fissing... they may arrest me if I tried! 
The power is back on. I guess the guy on the bike didn't know what he was talking about after all.  #slc
i converted the climbing wall around my garage to suit my three year old  also working on the garden.  right now going on a bike ride.
Out on a wonderful bike ride 
@spencerkat a truck full of gum balls? i likes it 
@MisaSouperstar I agree... english is weird,  but I'm totally stoked that you thought of souping up your car with a hello kitty dolly too 
i was riding shot gun with my hair undone in the front seat of his car... i LOVE our song... so catchy going to be in my head for HOURS! 
what a shame eyebrows only has a little fuel that's made my race  muhahahahahaha lol
got into my apartment without keys and drunk ya! 
safety car back out... ace news from brawn. pit time  #f1
@mahayalamkhan http://twitpic.com/394yu - I don't have any bike plate. 
whhad a kick ass nite with the crew. chikin in the car ride hm and learned beer is free if no one is paying attention 
so a german won in a british car in china, whats the chances?i think he had wings but who knows? 
@youngandfoodish thats good to know - a bike ride to borough is cheaper than shipping from the internet 
@sazzzzzz wow piano that's cool. how you getting on? nm really, had another driving lesson yesterday and got a car 
i have a drunk english man in the back seat of my car lol 
still in ks but through the storm   going to sleep, moms takin the wheel
In the car with jack jack and claire ready too go too sonias for a family day 
@victorbarry you're a funny fucker - i'll leave my keys under the car and u can work away on the garden for us 
@silverlines @LeonnieFM Ah yaa! Gedebage is about 1hrs+ by car from downtown, IF you're lucky that no traffic jam 
yeay craigslist! A guy is on his way over to fix clutch. a car repair @ 5:30 sunday morning 
@njection I think ppl have realized they can drive the same car for many years w/o damaging themselves socially  - perma zeitgeist change!
just finished church  and about to go a bike ride with my cousins because it is such a nice day  xo
@alexinmadison In a trailer  They have a small trailer but both horses (individually) refuse to get back in it been trying since lst nite
@mikasounds welcome home!  In meantime we've coloured your car a little bit... http://tinyurl.com/cu4wtz
My bike strip to clean  http://twitpic.com/3led9
A nice ladym holding 2 huge cups of soda, held the door open for me as I left the truck stop 
lots of activities lined up on the warmest &amp; most beautiful day of '09. dog park, basketball, bike ride and more 
@Sarilec they all ride bikes and listen to dance music in mcdonalds aswell instead of garbage  #asot400
took the hpi sprint on a race track after sitting in the garage for 2 years   it ran like a charm
hmm back form the van 
If you see my car behaving strange in traffic, don't worry. It's just @siginutz driving it 
almost home  long freakin car ride, luckily i slept most of the way.
omg I love my new car - wish I could keep my old one too   The driveway looks awesome with 2 E30's parked on it! 
@itsdonnauk LOL wanting to get my bike out, nowt else, honest 
@MGMarts SURE! I mean - this packs are mine. But I go and get some for you. No problem *grabs car keys* Mars or Snickers? 
@thefenst good luck. And please don't let my husband buy a motorcycle when you're done without asking me first. Thanks 
@ryansatterfield @rghawk  I wonder if the snow plow driver still sees our hilarious faces  and me holding on for dear life
: everything in the van....off to the seaside 
finally mastered the bugger of a handbrake in the rental van. victory for me  no insurance cover but hey at least the tour went on!
finally switched my tires to summers today; climbed into my car and found a pink carnation on the dash!! cute 
@mellalicious we should dress up rich and go and test some monsters while shamelessly toying with the hopes of car salesmen 
Just went car shopping for a 7-8 seated car for the foster kids  and for the new baby on the way LOL xx
i just raced my brother home and i won of course  but, i was in the car soooo.....
Oh sam getting his trash outta my car makes me very happy 
just got back from the drive in.. fast and the furious was good.. but then I'm one of those geeks that love muscle cars, so that was cool 
Craaazy times. who knew we cud dance like that.. in the car!!!! 
Heading out to car boot sale - hope to find some swanky things 
ah 2day i think we r filming annoy boy 6 which should be gd  and maybe ill go on a bike ride to somewhere  maybe tiverton?
in bed just bored on the computer.....cant believe i forgot my cell in his car! but had an awesome day! 
rode to work on his motor bike today....wow it's great to have the freedom again, even though there are still twats in cars out there 
I am in the car goin to the metro center I am going to spend hours in new look yay 
dude where is my car ??? 
@activeguy A plane is not where you want to be if your avoiding germs... use the car and have a road trip 
On my bike ride in little badow 
local bike shop to the rescue! changing a bottom bracket and chainset is not easy without a workstand. so thanks to the edge in lancaster 
@mynameisandy re car sleeping: i don't suppose it's healthy or comfortable either. get warm blanket at least 
ok im going to the garage to pick up some stuff for my dad... then going to wash my car before it rains! 
plans for today - get the tractor tire out of the ditch.. put my mate in it and role it down the near by hill and laugh at the result  lol
@MirrorFinish back then I was 16 years old with a car, so I had lots of friends willing to give it a push in exchange for a ride 
then i went back to sleep, met with a realtor  and washed my car, put the decal on it and made sure to get Naziah's ass to the library. 
just picked up a mag wheel i have to rebuild for my bike trailer project 
@beasignpost my band of course. I have a cooler truck. 
.. he then shouted at me - telling me to stop ****ing around on toyz. I told him that was rich coming from a man in a lemon yellow car.. 
I have an appointment in vancouver then a murder mystery party ;) long car ride... ipod time! 
Just realized I had a pay increase this month  it's only a extra tenner but I won't fritter it away on fast cars and the like.. #badger
guess whos not letting @downlikeanchors and @properbrutalpig in my house or car? 
so i'm praying that the cab comes to nashville on their headliner 
Being super productive! At the gym while washing my car...in the rain 
if you're seeing mercy mercedes at the zumiez stage, @reply me so we can watch together 
@CruciFire haha u must b a fan of 'truck driver SURAJ' then  LOL!!
@samkoh hahaha, but were you twittering and driving!? remind me never to ride in your car! 
I love being a seventh wheel woohoo 
no stationery, no vehicle so good reason to be on the internet and more above the boss of my home is out of station 
The joy of living in the city, car alarms go off at 2:40 am  waking everyone up!
Family reunion (the 4th parents' car is at the back)  http://twitpic.com/4gvun
@WholeFoodsHOU  Thats so awesome! Lets start a trend!  2 points for hybrids &amp; 3 for smart cars
Oops. Bought new bike 
sorting junk for car boot tomorrow ... 
So this is what it looks like from the back seat of a car...long time since I was here last   http://twitpic.com/4h396
Riding in the car with some loud kids 
Driving thru I-90E reminds of a couple of scenes from Cars... Loves it 
anyone fancy going to the beach?  (sum1 with a car specifically lol )
@tojoha1 yeah but make sure you find either beta drivers or make sure your vista drivers are up to date first 
Just enjoyed a nice bike ride! 
I need a freakn television show, just threw someone out of my car, next time get your shit together 
listening to my ipod and in the car, on my way back from tampa! i missed you guys 
I'm thinking that a bike ride is in order 
going to a field to ride bicycle with my cousins. i'm stopping to be so sedentary 
is lovin just the sound of rain while driving in her car...sometimes you just gotta turn the music off. 
I'm getting rid of all my old cool toys...paintball gun, mountain bike, motorcycle... trading it all in for family stuff. It's worth it.  
cleaned my car and bedroom!!   6 days til prom-o-rama!
@jennrach a 2009 kia spectra. the best thing is my car payments went from 493/m to 297/m n thats really what i was going for 
So yeah, I have a shiny new car 
a norwegian piggy back ride to the car when your shoes hurt too much to walk=true love 
tried three new things.. 1eating late. 2 del taco and 3 letting this kid take me out in a car with no seat belts. 
@buggy1985  i like it too.. very much 
just got home a lil while ago.  my car was a big hit at exposed.  everyone loved the pink wheels and benilda hood.  car looks gangster!! 
@kkkrista only if we can cuddle afterwards. I like to cuddle after turning tricks on van buren 
Some goodies bagged at the car boot including some very cute cross stitch birds for my craft room! The man selling was a sweetie 
@Fluffdoodle Lol, triplet.  Haha I'm so glad that morgan got the bag even if she didn't ride the ride
In the car on the way home from the mall. I got four new adorable items of clothing that I am really excited about! 
stealth shopping - got wife b-day present while at mall together and she didn't notice - buy, hide it in car, back before she missed me 
on my way homee  i love long car rides&lt;3
@eliasharrak ummm, come on, for me twins and slurpees, and being in a car with the twins is going to be pretty epic!!! 
just came back from a nice bike ride with her family and is now refreshed thanks to a shower 
@JENjbphoto totally digging the napa valley idea! I can deal with wine and a limo ride 
@jemambrose congrats!!!  I highly doubt u'll have buyer's remorse...u've wanted that car for a while. 
Me &amp; @HolsyJak29 are laying in the back of a fox truck on the drive down to the race!  LOL
@KateEdwards yay, you get to ride on the tow truck. How cool is that? 
I'm bored, extremely bored. in the car. waiting for my dad. and dinner. chinese. yummm. 
i'm looking forward to the joy of the f1.... hoping its another disaterous race for ferrari and button gets another well deserved win 
@tommcfly these people at a car boot today had the cheek to try and sell your copy of radioactive from news of the world paper, haha! 
@IRLConor Hmmm. Overloaded Saab -v- Police van, both driven by people whose basic driving test is what a rally driver does. 
breaking into a car.seeing a drunk guy in his boxers walking down my street.5 cops showing up.trying to break danos window.what a night. 
loves waking up to  nice wads of bird poop on my car - going for a run 
@daz2211 yes, tie it to some string, then to a car, then speed! cash will go fast then 
http://twitpic.com/4xbb3 - @marsroverdriver - You've done one wheel....now do the rest of it 
@linux_nut car looks good and at a good price 
just saw my old car from high school... black datsun 280zx, circa 1979... nice 
@holset84 no cuts, just feeling retarded at getting the old ones off, getting the adaptors fitted, then getting the blades onto the car. 
@zaydia i was tweeting from the parking lot in my car.  so i just got in and am checking now..  thanks!
gunna take some sweet photos of my sweet ass car tomorrow and sell it so I can get an even sweeter car 
Nothing more annoying then locking yourself out of your car while it's still running with your phone inside...glad people are helpful 
@kat24k faith=gettin in your car and expecting to arrive at your destination safely. 
whew, finally finished eueosport giro. poor cvv. ~ giving my road bike to daughter, swapping all components to new 48cm performance frame 
has an air conditioner in her car finally  of course it would get done the rainest week ever when i don't even need it! lol.
Amused at car sticker spotted this morning: &quot;life's a bitch and so am I&quot;... At least so people admit it 
on the bus !  on way to work experienceee    gay bus driver didn't believe I was a child!
Off to drop the bike off woot 
girl with raygun took my temp on plane, cab to Cmune for a demo, the opposite house is the bomb, and @sarahcuda you shouldn't have 
@timmetry it's when you text a friend banana and they call you and say that they ran their car into a lake or something else as severe 
is taking the day off and doing A LOT of nothing...as soon as I go to the bank and take the car to the shop! 
sitting in my car listening to kris allen  i cant be bothered waiting for joe in the office. blaahhhh
says it's a roller coaster ride...  and  http://plurk.com/p/tr7m4
off to make a man's soap--- called tire tread..smells like car leather 
Your going to tip my trailer! Lol 
@ohitssavanna yeah i figured they were. that was prolly his car that i saw!  ohh and hes not selling it, i think it was his stereo..
@SkylineVA lowes &amp; then some car browsing, sounds like a good saturday to me. 
@HariShanker yeah. A volvo bus thankfully! 
Late night on the sherbert but up and on the bike now! And its not raining 
i just went for a motorcycle ride with a cute boy...im crushing 
@lynnbryn we have to pass the farm shop to go get petrol so good excuse to call in. sit and look at sheep in fields while drink coffee. 
hey guys  at the street R those kids w/ her scooters(i mean thr witput a motor) &amp; they get on my nerves who drive since 9am roller?
just helped some foriegners get drive thru at cjs. they didnt have a car. we volunteered ours 
@rjreid i've been working late to so nothing doing.. tho was without my car one day so had to walk 6 miles 
@janedevin Me too!  I utterly hate camping - it always rains on my tent &amp; I get cold feet. But doing the camper van thing sounds much fun!
Wow im such a fat ass  sitting in a car eating fast food but hey im with my besties so its all good 
@Jessiimiica see, that is why I like cab driving; it gets me to where the drunk people are without me getting drunk 
@nicolex33 with the bike  It isn't fare away oder faire away 
... nice hire car from my insurance company 
im very warm in this stuffy car drivin back home eating salted popcorn  how weird am i LOL x
About to embark on a 7 mile bike ride 
P,K,S bulk food shop @greenstarcoop P clean more garage.K&amp;M play with lincoln logs house. S sleeping baby.happy family.  #ithaca #unschool
http://bit.ly/SOmlk  ? you have to hear it in a car with a wicked sound system or in a great club. 
My hangovers all gone  jammin out in my car
@inmyheadstudios if his car is nicer than yours, then just take his 
On my back way to the car... That was a nice hike to the falls. 
watching it rain.  went for a bike ride.  got wet.  
my car looks great inside and out 
Yes, the best thing is a nice boat ride on a quiet lake with friends, food on the boat, splashing and tubing and laughing! 
Thinking about crashing into children while learning how to drive his car and laughing a bit... They make funny noises... Lol. 
watched some amazing graphic car designers on tv. dad's going to buy me an airbrush kit 
I finally did the big jog all the way through without stopping. Even the up-hill bits.  I stopped once for a car, but that doesn't count.
Waiting for a bus, again. I must say I'm chuffed about todays manicure and dress  very 1950's! All I need now is a big ol' American car!
@JohanLange I remember street battling with thugs on skidoos, but very faintly, so I suspect I dreamt it 
was oblivious to the earthquake while riding my bike! anywho ... i just enyod the film rudo y cursi in arclight sherman oaks 
Almost twitpic'd the huge-osity of the mansion..6 car garage, wing after wing.got lost in it. So happy my brother is living the good life 
got half my new bike, just gotta get me a frame son. need for speed will get retired soon haha 
In the car on my way to the grandparents 
@musical_monkey no I didn't; my gears were missing a bolt and as such I didn't fancy making the journey on a single speed 
I bought my car!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   =D (golf) so happy! ^.^
going on a bike ride and a swim 
loading boxcar racer in laptop  see
ooty day 2 - haven't driven own car around in a touristy spot before, enjoying it - kids liked the pedal boat 
had fun yesterday with all the randomness that happened.   btw...rode in the bed of a truck going faster than 20 mph for the first time 
K, gotta start packing my shit up to catch a plane. Prolly tweet from the car/airport, unless I nap  #tek09 w00t!
@stevemann72 hi... i believe you spoke with my gmother about potential cars... just wanted to ask you a couple questions... 
@david_henrie http://twitpic.com/3j9p8 - nice car!! like my cousin's car! ur so frekin' cute! LOL 
Haha hey dummie you can't drive w/ the parking cone stuck under the car....classic 
@erin82883 i do! get in your car and drive lady! 
i don't even care if i don't my new car, and i have 3papers due soon, but i'm feelin really good right now for some reason  &lt;3
@carltonreid Would be great if you could get it down the halls  You would see me. But a car can get all the way round the velodrome
@LimeIce so the man has giant love handles - give him a break and the bike - a bigger break 
is on it like a car bonnet time to go out with the lads for some banter and as much alcohol as humanly possible! good times 
@celiaistall whoops nearly typed your email  YAY free ride in your car 
@MerseyMal Wow guess if you get that then @NovaWildstar gets her kitchen and maybe even a new car too 
There's a guy on a quad bike with a microphone in his helmet commentating whilst doing stunts 
@pukkie_pooh you have a car just come over here with little gotch  and then we have some icecream
Long bike ride in the morning,et stema off in the playground,working now..seriously can't get better 
time to go test out the new pit bike. all i ever do is play! I love flipping houses 
I just heard  a woman bangin out the coronation street theme in her car. Niice! 
@babyloiysta u whore bag!!! LOL I don't make dents on cars love!  hahah so obviously it helps!!!!
@HannahHowell well im probz doing that 5 day thing and I don't won't the pick-up, I'm buying a nice, cute, little car 
Just jump-started the neighbor's car so he could get to work . . . leaving the lights on always gets you. 
spending my memorial weekend mostly on south beach...i cant wait to pick up my car n c wat they did to my rims 
okay, this time we're leaving for real!  hmmm, wonder if my daughter wants to drive the car with the sunroof?  later tweeties 
@augustwillo and @bigjesse turn your lights on in the caravan! 
okay, off to empty the ute's load of rubbish at the tip - shall return presently! 
Finally picked up new car tonight... pictures to come. 
3 gentlemen in the car next to me. shall I ask them for their twitter handles?  much easier than #s no? 
Is watching hotrod with grace 
thinking i like the show dog the bounty hunter.  still cant wait 2 get truck fixed. getting ready 2 head off. nite.
@jennjoysmith love the dance mob mix. good cd to have in my car. thanks 
is late to office, after a minor bike accident 
@pndsimpson My take on when you should worry about your bike wheel being loose: When it comes out 
@Georgiejl did you see it? did you see it? I LOVE IT!!!!! especially near the end when nick is in the car... 
had forgotten unique kind of pain caused by working on car without correct tools. hope i can type tomorrow 
@chilliupnorth true  some woman selling her mx5 made me mad by stinging me along and then making a offer for my car which was insulting!
I love my girls  just drove halfway, bout to get fadeddd with a car full of munches ;] heh heh heh
Fiilistelizing both the concept &amp; the retro bicycles. And all this in Hki  http://www.pelagobicycles.com/bicycles.html
@sampan22  am off to lincoln tomorrow for cousins wedding, 3 hours in car in this lovely weather - not good! X
@gulpanag you own a bullet. wow. won't people recognize you ?i mean,you being a celebrity,i wonder how safe it is.anyway, happy riding 
@Xxpodex m in d car on ma way to d hill station matheran..... 
@Tracker1972  &quot;engineers to the motor trade&quot;. We repaired a mad blokes horsebox and he occasionally calls to ask if we sell donkeys! 
http://twitpic.com/66ljh - me and my sister at eco park  wee. boat ride was funn 
