Most common words for this cluster:
[('cat', 507), ('cats', 218), ('kitty', 113), ('com', 90), ('bird', 87), ('http', 84), ('pet', 83), ('dog', 78), ('animals', 77), ('dogs', 75), ('lol', 70), ('kitten', 59)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'cat', 0.8507558703422546), (u'cats', 0.8085660934448242), (u'dog', 0.7911887168884277), (u'puppy', 0.7703021764755249), (u'pup', 0.7620751261711121), (u'kitten', 0.7606819868087769), (u'puppies', 0.7385880351066589), (u'dogs', 0.7329218983650208), (u'yorkie', 0.7254161238670349), (u'kittens', 0.7238916754722595)]





I wanna sneak into the zoo and play with the kitties 
@j_stricko I found it pretty frustrating. stupid monkeys 
awh damn! my puppy has ticks 
i have to butting poop again 
@oinker_aida i agree! 
i miss my kitty cats 
@tommcfly did you know that johnsons baby use animals like cute bunnies to test their products? 
@nikrosser I don't think there is any kind of good stroke. I'll wait to hear from you. I love that little cat.  L xxx
@Firefly2020 I didn't win!  my 5 horses came just outside the top 5!
pet society aint working 
having a hard time concentrating; my cat some how got out &amp; has been missing for a day. He is literally a scaredy cat plus it's so cold. 
Out working with sheep 
Tigger lost his bounce. 
I just saw next doors dalmation escape their garden and nearly get run over!  be careful lil pup!!!
@snarkybitch some bird keeps waking me up right now. I wish it would shut up. 
all smoked. my rabbit is so cute. but he hates me 
@RossC0 is it a polar bear? 
@csutherland76 Wasn't the easter bunny - I ran him over a few years ago. True story - I was even told he was holding a basket of eggs 
@clickokaynow No  The kitties didn't make it out.
I think I've had my fill of poop today with two little ones and a puppy there is more than enough to go around. 
trying to find a good vet around here. i think one of my kitties has asthma 
woken up v early by a big pair of brown eyes. unfortunately they don't belong to a puppy...   but they do belong to an evil mayan 
mourning the loss of my puppy Nala 
awwwww. a kitty! right outside the gym. it's so cute! i think it's a stray. 
@sbmczh I haven't seen it, but I from what i heard, that's exactly how my old dog died.  same, yellow lab too. /miss Dex.
My cat keeps eating plastic 
As a kid, I chased my cat with a spray bottle  , LOL #randomfacts
@mrmackenzie  My grandad used to keep ferrets for catching rabbits... horrible stinking things they were too  
@gunkanator ugh, you!! not a horse in sight here. well, not one that's mine at least. and neighbors frown on stealth riding.. 
@mrmackenzie They could be the queen's ferrets and they'd still not be nice as far as I'm concerned. I'm no a ferret lover I'm afraid 
Thinks that there are kittens in our shed  we don't even have a kitty!
is trying to catch a wounded bird outdoor, but he's even too fast for me 
It's spring alright!  It's raining cats, dogs, and hippos!  
@kathleenpopa I had a wonderful cat for 20 years. She is in kitty heaven now. But we have next door little girl with allergies 
I just stepped on the kitty's tail and she cried!! I feel so terrible 
fluffy white rabbit beat me up 
I hope my cat is not sick.  He seems fine, but lab results revealed low wbc count...my poor baby 
http://twitpic.com/3jo8x - I hate pet-stores, I mean the fact that the animals are in cages  But check this weird-cute puppy out, fell in
@CherylMcKinnon sorry about your cat 
@YaoiMeowmaster lol awww she's cute. But cats give me allergies 
watching the cubs, and they just gave the lead away... 
@Kameshvari I want three goats!! But I can't keep any here. 
@cameronstewart I was just thinking that.  I was worried enough about hitting roos and pets while driving at night
insomniac dot is insisting i go to bed. how dare she??? I'm just starting to have fun on my dinosaur! 
A bird seriously just hit a bird. 
my kitty is lost  
finally off...its raining cats &amp; dogs...damn...beyonce said it best cuz  i know i hate sleeping alone 
just realized she's not responsible enough to raise chickens 
does not like Labrador Retrievers  big, barky, scary dogs. give me a good corgi or well-behaved mutt!
@karenstl mine were rescue dogs. We think they were stuck outdoors in cages  so sad!
@jenicahendrix I'm sorry he kept the kitties. 
is going to bed, not even with a kitty-cat, just a blanket. What a night. 
@xjoannnx dude should i stop wearing hoodies? &amp; poorr animals get totured,i don't like it. 
there are too many animals without homes, and its really sad. i hate seeing pictures of them locked up in tiny cages 
My cat has a fat lip 
@bananawong not hobing ah.... joey's cat  she lost two of her beloved cats in less than a year....
Bunnies are not humping.  I want rabbit pornz 
doh. wishing i had a kitty cat to play with and pet and love. 
my cat is pregnant, again. i wish i could keep pets 
@x0heathercee0x rofl sheep are to conventional; rubber duckies are better!! actually, i would rather count the days till T.I. is out  &lt;3
can flaming bunnies really replace joanne? it doesn't seem likely 
@whyinthehell cats for the longest time. One of the meanest cats ever. 
@jenicahendrix aw kitties  that's terrible.
@ttaasshhaa I WISH I was hot  I don't know :s What stores are there at Westie? LOL
@tigger_bear I noticed then but I was too distracted by my flailing css. 
My kitty peed all over my bed 
didnt get to ride a horse! 
There is a very loud frog/toad(?) in my backyard that is keeping me awake - ribbit, ribbit, ribbit. 
@cubez exactly. I want another cat, but I know it won't be the same as my first cat 
@ComedyQueen and yyup very awful , and no it aint a great comparission, as how do i look like a monkey  lol
 i just found my pet bird pidge. I was worried about her cos she likes to leave her cage and walk around cos she cant fly.. she died 
@ShelLovesCheese aw no  I'm sorry bout your cat 
@reesnicole Hopped up out the bed, put my sweats on, took a look in the mirror said ok, time to go to this damn Zoo again for class  LOL
@thisisgoodbye pudge was the only one to give me his photo   lol mourning lost animal crossing residents.
Waiting for the person to come see my cat to adopt this morning.  He's a wonderful cat, but w/aging beagle, it's just too much
@Bunnydoll i need a unicorn too! 
@AskAJAnything I hope your cat gets better 
@ alancarr.  would so love a ferrero rocher but got high cholesterol and on a rabbits diet 
@HoptonHouseBnB oh no, never thought of that, the ferret would eat all the chickens 
My cat brought a live mouse in last night. I tried to save it but too late  http://tinyurl.com/d63ybo
i already feel really bad about sad animals. please don't make me feel worse, sarah mclachlan. 
@lesley007 sharks arrggh ! 
@bigal709 found one dead in the field... wondered if the cat had caught it? lovely velvety coat. such a shame 
Misses kitty had kittens but we dont know where they are! 
my cat has cancer 
@tdorji Have you too started to call me that? They named a toy duck after me?  You @ work? U should download the tweetdeck on your comp!
wishing his cat would have let him sleep later 
my stray ran away  i guess i shouldn't be surprised, but he was so cool!
@teejay0109 kitty? i'm allergic to cats.  how are you, my friend !?
@SimoneLeChat Aww, my mummy can't watch those shows  Animals are too special, why would people be unkind to them. 
The pet turtle at my parent's house died today. 
petting my baby kitty cat.,i have a major headache 
@bookie_girl http://twitpic.com/3pdv7 - very cute little ferret it was too. It's hard losing pets 
The lecturer is talking about drowning puppies 
leaving sparta to join the rat chase again 
dinnnnerr!!!! chiyeeerr!  some stupid cat stole my dead parot I was about to burry 
My cat brought a live mouse in last night. I tried to save it but too late  http://tinyurl.com/d63ybo
Just ran over a possum 
@ and she has pretty big guns for a bird too.a  tad bingo wings, tho 
@Sirjohn_writer @ocmudrun I think they were after my small dog  Definitely avoiding that route when it starts getting dark now.
Why wont this cat play with me 
really doesn't want his axolotl to die 
Just hit a possum 
how do i manage to kill a fish by changing its water? i know what im doing, i dont get it...at least my cat is still kicking 
I am being ganked by a gnome called Bubblebut 
I hope jakes okay. 
Feeling suprisingly lonely tonight, despite having my cat here. 
just got back from watching wolverine...i liked it 
@CollinStraka you keep disappearing and it makes me a sad panda 
there were gorgeous kittens in the pet shop, we couldnt get one though , they were skitzo 
my cat dies 
@hollymadison123 are you getting the bunny removed?  
@badgay i havent come across many, they're a rare breed  lol
The puppies next door are crying  makes me sad.
Eurgh thoday and a horse that's too small 
: rats! awake again! 
@bobbyllew we're having to give our yorkshire terrier away cos he's killed 2 of our chickens  we thought he'd grow out of it but he hasn't
@grohs Yikes!! I would want to give the poor creature a kitty burial 
In the doghouse 
@michaelgrainger yeh right after my dogs massacred our chooks  that was yrs ago haven't eaten any chicken since!!
poop! @p2 is taken, but not being actively used. 
@cacophonix5  cute creatures ...and good advertisment ... i just wished only their network was also good 
ouch.. wolverine is a dissapointment 
@_coops_ now i don't have to study anymore. Sadface 
@ramiers He's so handsome! I wish I had colorful fur sometimes. 
going back out on a cat hunt 
Cough cough cough...I'm sicker than a dog and this weird weather ain't helpin 
@quiddie yeah I could tell by rays vmail telling me I needed to come and get a hot dog and a smore.  
my cat is dehydrated 
I bet $15. on a horse and lost!   I guess I'm not good at picking horses...
regrets melissa having cat fish too 
We missed the lion king 
Is sad cos I had to put my guinea pig to sleep 
i'm a possum murderer!   he didn't stand a chance 
bulls season over. how saaaad 
My bloodhounds apparently killed a litter of groundhog pups, and that makes me sad 
I need some snugs and this cat ain't cuttin it.  - http://mobypicture.com/?ei2uwq
@TKATI  oh, the dogs.  The one time they got into my room, they turned my beautiful microsuede fouton into cow-print.  
Still in bed feeling like poop. I just wish I felt better now... 
@BobbyPens my cat loosey is anti-social 
pretty exhausted but can't fall asleep.   I have been dining with the enemy. It was a wolf in sheeps clothing. Now it's so clear to me.
@rainaa i know.  i like owls.
@jonathanrknight You are killing us you know???!!! We need to know about the rattlesnake, you can't leave us hanging on here 
My dog won't lay on my bed. She went in another bedroom instead.     ha, rhymes.
doesnt wanna go outside.. the cat killed a bird last night and its on the table ewwwww 
Also, wolverine was fairly disappointing. How, can they get X1 so right, and then X3 and wolverine so wrong 
I think I just killed a bird  the suicidal  bird flew right into my engine on i4
@abcshallowend  he didn't even get to present one poor bear 
@babyducks Always such poor creatures 
just found out there's a dead owl on my yard 
what a morning lost my cat but found her around the back side of the house with another cat 
Just woke up, it's raining n Philly  But the birds r still chirping!!!!
Grrrreat. I think my cat bite is infected. It's all pink and still sore.  stupid she-cat.
is tierd , man thats how you spell it right! my puddy cat caught a bird 
@kianzztar She's old  Not eating, can hardly walk... she's off to the vets soon, am worried she wont come back 
My sisters rabbit has pulled a claw and is bleeding everywhere 
@mattyfo kittens are adorable! i want, but my old cat is anti-social towards other cats, so i can't. 
@drmynoralvarez look in twitpic. i have two cats now. sebastian and buddy. and mcguire, tiger, little man, and chloe died. 
@kendollars i don't want crazy drunken barflies beating up and/or arguing with my llama 
@animallife i'm born in rabbit yr so, rabbit rulezzz , sorry for dolphin &amp; canary though 
should've never told her she wants ducks 
@ducky_lovess yeahh i prolly am  boo
Ugh bruins lost!!!  I still love you guys
@kinky_kitty that's so stupid. 
@coops819 he died silly. 
@teeter sad!  you going to sell them back at wolf bookstore?
@bakingwithplath holy fuck say it aint so! If I had a cat that pissed my prize possession tempurpedic I'd put it down. NO clue what 2 do 
@Cosmetosaur I wished the leopard one came in the bigger size 
i hit a frog 
I could use some blue cow right now 
@lettheashesfall wolverine being bad!!! It can't be 
Another story of my cat's awesomeness. - secondstar05: All my cat does is drool when I pat her  http://tumblr.com/x3n1pguw5
Missing my mouse 
@addlepated same for rats and wasps... all the great animals face extinction, while the vermin survives 
There is a cat in my room! I dont like cats 
Bidding farewell to the remaining pups.. 
@tinyscarecrows  Me too. They're fantastic creatures.
@mightymarlz what! so theres three now? O_O i tot rabbit! 
one of the fifety nine swans 
Being attacked by my stupid cat 
almost caught the 'hood cats eating his plant (again), but it was too late   They literally chewed it off right at the base of the stem!
is really really not a happy bunny 
@katharine2501 sinfest.net, applegeeks.com, johnnywander.com, threepanelsoul.com, bunny-comic.com, www.explosm.net/comics/ no more space 
Flat bird at side of road looked like a falcon  *sadface*
@90rachal and mostly all the animals were sleeping.. 
My mussy cat just fell out of her bed. 
monkeys!!! oh man i want a monkey so bad, thanks a lot animal planet for rubbing it in my face that i don't have a monkey 
too many dead bunnies  bye bye bunny.
I just made an appointment to have my kitty cat put to sleep at 11:30 today.  
is a sad kitty 
@djscratch I need a parrot  lol
@Alleyphile I can't have pets in my apartment &amp; my roommate dislikes cats anyway... 
*hatess joeys new schedule.. 
@localfruit i thought it was a joke till i saw the article.the pig was donated by china for the afgan zoo. poor little piggy 
@its_the_sky i'm not He's talking to me about my cat. 
tried to help save a baby bird ... i guess i will have to let nature take its course! 
i misss my puppies and kitties.... im gettting home sick! 
@jaret2113 You shouldn't be afraid of mice, they're so cute 
I'm bored... I need my mouse 
@JessicaSimpson jess whales are not sharks!! 
hey, um, there's this big animal following me  im itsy bitsy scared.
http://twitpic.com/4wds1 - this chinchilla didn't like me. 
i hate when my doggie has nightmares. he makes sad noises. 
still has the rhythm of a blind hamster. He really should learn how to dance. 
@jason78 at least your puppy is reason for you to be up. I just can't sleep. 
I just ran over the bones of a roadkill deer. 
Checking up on kittens now 
I miss my cat 
@ddlovato i miss bob the bear 
my cat shows disinterest when i tell him my vagina's bleeding  goodnight.
my cat shows disinterest when i tell him my vagina's bleeding  goodnight. - my cat shows disinterest when i ... http://bit.ly/VnF4v
br kene marah sbb nak adopt puppy sebagai pet 
yak shaving 
Watching the lion man, holy mackerel! That man should get danger pay! Three little white tiger cubs born but mum rejected them 
Nuuuh! I wanted tigers to win 
Apparently my cat isn't missing me......wow and I thought I couldn't feel any lonelier 
Just hit a bird  crappp
http://twitpic.com/4wz7p - I really miss my puppy 
at the papa's. wanted tigers to win shipwrecked 
My cat got attacked by a stray and has to go to kitty hospital 
A little upset my kittens didn't get me a card... 
http://twitpic.com/4x5yp - my kitty cat that got eaten by the cyote (hope i spelled it right)! 
Has a poorly pussy cat 
@outsidertim indeed... especially as it was him who had the accident with the gas canister! kitty doesnt have any whiskers left 
back from dancing. my kitty is still gone 
aww Mufasa's gunna die in a minute!  how nasty is scar!!!
really isn't looking much like a giraffe 
looking for my kitty cat 
says my pet society coins.. from 18k to 14k   http://plurk.com/p/szul5
@trilliamme The hog died?  What happened?
Thinking my cat might not be coming back 
@MariaHo damn maria I thought my panda express 3 item plate was what Chinese natives were eating 
Why did getting picked up by a 24 yr old just now make me feel like a cougar?!? I'm only 25! 
@moby74 @yesssPecan shes not!  shes just a cute innocent cat.
Babygirl can't sleep  im hyperr and kuya called me crazy -__- meanie. someone should call me and sing me to sleepp ;)
panicking over her missing cat.  
My dog killed a teeny weeny baby rabbit (again) 
I don't know what hapened I can't get chewy to sleep in his crate, I think he wants to sleep in the bed   http://twitpic.com/551qv
Just had to kill a rat that was caught in a trap. I really like rats. I kept apologizing to him 
@monica_m_ i didn't buy a pet, just looked 
its so sad when you see an animal begin to age, my pup is 12 and oldest cat now 9  i feel old
just ran over a bird.. 
@NicolaGeorge don't think abt the dead squirrels! 
@thedinnerlady I normally get them from my own chickens but the fox keeps helping himself 
is angry at the dog for eating my favourite leotard. as if even do that when i've got ballet in an hour 
@xbllygbsn you'll be fine though :$. awwh lol ;) i want a hamster again  :$ paddy? ;) cute ;p
I know exactly how it feels too, my cat was 18 when she was put to sleep,she had cancer,knew it was a kindness,still heartbreaking tho 
@thefrenchbandit awwww sorri about ur cat 
had to put her pet wasp in the window so ben could shower. hope alejandro doesnt freeze 
@parrot_parrack I'd come and see you if I wasn't up to my eyeballs in paint and dust 
it raining cats and dogs now... sigh! how to go back!!!  http://ff.im/-2SDEE
@crankynick turned out a cat was able to get them...it was somehow pulling them through the wires of the cage. 
i wish the fucken rabbit would stop running away from me so i could put it in the cage. but no, now its spending the whole night outside 
I fear no big dog, squirrel, bee, raptor or other menace except a thunderstorm - under covers hiding now 
@torapoole Some dogs have also been reported to have smelled cancer. CANCER! Cats appear when they need feeding and disappear for days 
@gaanagaa hey dude haadha salhiey i miss my oliver  when i see cats like this  the yellow eyes and the black cute fur-ball......
@ohhsoodoppe very true.  that makes me a sad panda.
@dietcoke4ever   it's such a nasty process though. Animal cruelty. 
@spookychan you can't stay longer?  I understand... but this makes me a sad panda.
so this one time, i had a pet fish. it's not around anymore.... 
No More gummy bears. 
@tri33bell it died  They live for a long time! But it wasn't a boby when I got it. Now all I have is a dog, a ferret, bird, fish and rat
omg the dogs killed a massive lizard in the backyard 
almost midnight too awake and looking for the lions at lion camp, i think they are asleep 
@mysehnsucht my cats eat even ornamental flowers on the balcony 
@_owl_ He's engaged?????  I love Hamish too!!!
This is a brooklyn cat. He broke into the cupboard and stole  food 
mourning 4 my kittens... 
@suziperry holding hamsters hostage, not very nice! 
@AmyyVee aww i love zebras. but the closest i have is a little pony stuffed toy 
@TraceyDukes hate cats 
Someone threw away kitties in the park  so gave them some rice mixed with sardine and I hope they are alright... T^T
the offspring's song is really making me sad.. 
@the_leedog me either   ps that pic of you and the puppy is sooo cute!
Just lost my wallet at sharks! 
@mpesce @crumpet icelandic dolphins.. omfg, i missed it 
I already miss my bear. 
meant cat, is gutted her cat may have to be put down! 
Just found out that glue is made from cows and horses. 
@monkey29992 ng?i d??i prep 
@purplelyna And to cats ... 
saw pandas at the zoo today!  i tried to smuggle one in my bag by tempting it with bamboo but it was too big 
Five turkey poults have hatched! That only leaves about 30 that are showing no signs of doing anything. 
@XMissxXxMurderX LOL I don't have a yard, therefore no squirrels 
feels a little guilty after chasing my dog with the hoover. he got so scared he pee'd himself  hahaha
finally saw my puppy on the webcam...yay!!!  little mooshie!!  he looks fine, but i miss him  
@mistercarl @jamessharpe won't even let me have a guinea pig, so a pony is out of the question 
won 45 bucks on the preakness yesterday. Home relaxing with the puppies and kitties. Has a earache 
Our poor pup lady isn't doing so well 
@TravisKing i have 3 O_O but they're retard cats. Now there's 2 spiders.  it's so scary
Bless my tilli dog is limping very badly. But I guess that is what you get if you run after deers, through god does what. 
is spending time with my kitty cats before I leave 
Just drove over a dead armadillo 
just had to bury my hamster 
@Petiethecat I am glad you like your crochet toys! She is making a little tortoise just now, but she says it's not for killing  Not fair!
@cheddar_harper Too much traffic and too many foxes, possums and coyotes around here to risk letting my babies outside 
@theBrandiCyrus ohmygosh! That penguin is sooo cuteee!! I want one so bad 
@twobeerqueers oh boo! i wanted to hear a hippo song 
Trying to find a new home for her bunny rabbit 
I miss my bable bear 
mellow yorkie 
 @alvinkschneider what happened to angels and demons and lions and tigers and bears!?
@miszsarahz they probably just miss u that's why...they just want a piece of you that they can play with hehe...i miss the doggies 
@cc_monkey that's not even fair 
@KristinaMenzies getting rid of the fish tail pony-tail?! I will be sad 
so i wanna enter whiskey (my cat) in a pet contest... but idk which picture to send in!!! 
there is a kitten meowing outside my window ... but i cant find it.. 
@rustyrockets I'm dancing due to &quot;wolf spiders&quot; taking over my apartment and quite frankly there is nothing good about it. they're scary 
 I'm not going to be here when our Chickens arrive.....
The mouse is taking the cat to the vet for surgery 
@queenofsheba1 I want a kitten too!! But I have a flat and no catdoor 
@spyderwebb my cat just stole all my pillows 
@lordviktor haha! no im sick  bad timing. i got it from Bambi 
@loris_sl no  You?
my cat stole my chair 
i want a guinea pig 
@perfectvenue rats, forgot that was on 
@evelet i like squirrels 
@stevienixed It's totally fucking true.  I'm a mad fucking cat lady without the cats. Not even together enough to keep cats.
my cat is not a lap cat 
just ran over a squirrel    #gfymonday
@nadineiscool let me know how it goes! I'm worried like a momma goose 
fluffy bummed dogs - cute to won - awful clean after god knows what he ate  yuck
Cleaning day - bunny pen, chinchilla cage, litterboxes... I've put it off long enough 
Just hit a bird 
Totally dreading taking my cat to the vet...poor Brewskie! 
Its raining cats and dogs here people! Something tells me this wifi will be switched off any minute now! 
I am out of bison 
@understandblue yes thx! I was running around trying 2 catch all my animals   it was a strong 1!
I wish these two cats would stop fighting outside my office.....it sounds like one of those kitties is getting murdered 
I want a new kitten but hubby says no! 
my little bailey dog has an addiction to killing things  poor poor mouse. r.i.p 13 birds and 6 ground squirrels, also.
waiting for the puppies to dry so we can take them to their nwe homes 
My cat may be missing   
my cat is dead 
Bladdy fox got my chickens  but i had 2 eggs so its not all bad
blow drying my new mobile,that i dropped in the dogs water bowl.the new mobile that replaced the old one i dropped in the dogs water bowl 
Oh no, the cat's got a bird in the garden. It's squealing like mad and I can't get to it. 
We chased a tiny kitty in the dark and were unable to catch her. 
thinking of where my blue monkeys have gone. 
An old picture of my babies hugging. I miss my cats  http://i87.photobucket.com/albums/k124/Swaydehead/ZimandGrrr.jpg
Has the naughtiest cats. Franks a fluffball, i wish i could take him to work. 
@CoachMonique I let all the animals go... 
How could someone drive so recklessly and kill a cat?! I got there too late to even attempt to save it. I've never been so upset 
@geekaholic ordered gnome T from www.hackerthreads.com but expnsv 
My puppy ate my soft lens! 
booo, my cat just up chucked half eaten cat-bikkies on one of my bags 
@JamesMW78 I can't find my cat 
Missing pigeon sex updates 
@Charliecondou I did that but with a woolly jumper and when I wore it I just looked like a tiny hamster 
I want to see my kitten 
@maryk3lly I have a dog, 2 stick insects and 2 fish. I used to have a cockatiel but it turned out I was allergic to it 
@nocas  what's up with the cats, now ?
@baby__jane fox and the hound is so cute. i wanna watch 
joeys imancipated :O peters disowned  two parental serpeations in the most opposite forms
you aren't copy cats, just a bad bad unfortunate coincidence for my band 
@musewire you aren't copy cats, just a bad bad unfortunate coincidence for my band 
My cat just puked 
i look like a chipmunk! 
@seregon I know  so not fair. Aww cute  I love your bunnies hehe
always unconfortable to see puppies in animals store's window 
@QueenofScots67  oh I would but I just got a cat and can't really have two here  oh I wish!
@FoxBroadcasting you canceled sarah connor chronicles? ugh. i don't care if i love bones. i'm not watching fox again 
looking fierce smoking a cigarette, i miss my mac and my dog 
i lost my animal crackers 
My hamster just died 
@Traverserdavid you're making me want one  there are 2 boys at orange county animal services but andy said no 
mommy told me to sleep but I don't want to  http://twitpic.com/5ox05
Aw, theres only 1600 panda bears left in the wild. 
Catavino, is shortly going to become Catamedicines if this damn cat flu doesn't give up! 
I just drove over a turtle  
I'm at the vet again checking up on pups !  unexpected bills suck
Some mean (probably) old lady took the bird I wanted.  
Just ran a bird over and I feel fucking terrible 
@tumericc me also wants to be at the rat ... !!! 
woke up to my cat puking on my rug...again. I think ari is sick  to the vet we go!
It is physically impossible for pigs to look up into the sky. 
Just washed my chihuahua's paws in the sink after her walk...looked like she was tap dancing ! She didn't like it 
playing with my chihuahuas. they're so lazy. they don't wan't to play fetch. boohoo 
You're a poop. A big piece. I want funnn 
is swollen like a chipmunk 
@emjonas_lover awww. i love bunnies. but i don't have one haha. it's okay i am allergic to dogs and cats so i can't have either of those. 
@AffirmingSpirit awww, that is pretty cool thought, we used to have bunnies every spring, but got a dog and the bunnies havent been back 
@waddle2u that has to suck 
@Trishayy hahahaha you are always going to think that i want to put my slippery dolphin in your whale eye. this is a sad outcome of us 
Both my puppies were sleeping with their paws in the air this morning. So unbelievably adorable!  ** the ruling on prop 8 makes me sad. 
how can I stop my cat killing birds!?  The big bell I put around her neck has had no impact at all 
The lion king i love you 
also exboyfriend was at sasquatch while we were  ew
also.. exboyfriend was at sasquatch while we were? eww weird 
@crisangwich I know it and my dumb cat hasn't returned 
goose just died...saddest scene i've seen... 
athletes and puppies do not belong together. 
I miss my guinea pigs. 
sleeping with out my big teddy bear 
just looked at Squeege (the cat) and realised she's showing her age now...  
counting sheep! 
adri why are yu being cruel to animals! 
Even the cat knows He's gone  wow.
I just hit a bunny 
and hunter/shammy gear drops ... too bad we only have 1 shammy and no hunters in this raid 
My cat has gone missing.  We're rather distraught about it. Prolly he'll show up just when we're resigned to him being gone for good. 
bad newwwwwwwwwwws bears. why did i have to answer when u called 
The wierdest thing!!!! idk how a baby bird got in the house then got attacked by my dog!!! 
@vmarinelli I hope the pup feels better soon - sick baby animals are somehow disproportionately saddening 
@moose73 Too long. 
I'm heartbroken watching my poor puppy limp around the house! He hurt his paws when he fell in the pool yesterday 
@SuzyDunkley sorry bout the cat, 
I really need to sort out a bird table and some feeders - the robins and blue tits are being bullied 
I can't have any pets in the appartment I really want, so no rat yet. 
just fed three very hungry stray kitties three cans or tuna. i hope they stay warm and safe tonight 
squirrel! where? i hate squirrels 
I almost say &quot;bless you&quot; to a sneezing cat 
I still have a very depressed feline fuzzball...it's another trip to vet tmrw to see what can be done...worried doesn't even cover it 
@allergymeds im allergic to cats! my tonsils get swollen and they hurt  what do i dooo?!
@pntbtrkisses WHAT! That's horrible! To purposely write about it to a bunny is just mean &amp; cruel!    Not to mention just plain tacky....
how do i get my cat 2stop killin rabbits? another headless (baby) rabbit n garden dis morn  live close 2field wher lots rabbits live
I think a crow took one of the baby birds in my garden today. I know it's nature but I still don't like It. 
@hildy77 yikes, that sucks about the TV. hopefully some animals in the wilderness between harstad and oslo are enjoying it. 
There is a baby cardinal fallen out of its nest. I dont want to get attacked by the mom bird but i dont want the dog to get the bird 
@My2Cynts kittens are cute then they grow up n become CATS 
its sad that the rats are becoming aggressive against the guinea pigs. I have to seperate them. 
@wolverine66 didn't get them 
Not a happy bunny 
http://pinkpawsforlife.org/ - pets get cancer too. 
@deadlyknitshade  OOh but you soon get to meet the dung mice!!
I now know more than I ever wanted to know about the extinction of frogs 
@AlexBurdz sorry bout your cat ! 
Walking the puppies downtown. Also, mystery of missing cat solved: he  locked himself in basement for nearly two days. 
Is not a happy bunny 
Walking the puppies downtown. Also, mystery of missing cat solved: he hid himself in the basement for nearly two days. 
i just saw a bird slowly die right next to me  
Bringing my kitty to the vet tomorrow, I think she's got a tapeworm. 
The girl across the hall says her cat got out when the landlord was showing her apt.  so heartbreaking
sure wish the cat would stop hiding 
http://twitpic.com/670rw - i miss my puppy 
@austincarlile I'm sad.  I want to go to the sd zoo. say hi to the giraffes and elephants and polar bears for me!
That poor goose. 
@Fluffy617 a steak burrito bowl right! I wish I wasn't too lazy to go downtown 
@BeateVeronica I'm jealous - I would love deer steak. One of the downsides of having an almost vegetarian and a carnivore living together 
@PattyHankins Awe - didn't know cats got skin cancer 
I feel really bad for female racoons with abusive racoon husbands... when you always have black eyes- no one can help 
@ShadoWingh I'm only allergic to some bunnies. Are you allergic to all fur? That sucks! Isn't that cosmic irony, a furry allergic to fur! 
@cupcake_rachel Home alone and my cat isn't even in. 
 i got yelled at 4 helping the cats by my neighbor
made an appointment for the cat to see the vet in the morning. He seems kind of thin and needs a checkup anyway. 
I try soo hard toget what I want.. &amp; I always end up having a goose egg.. 
Last scheduled corn dog oc shift 
Someone just sent me a random phone pic of Asian cats (with the paws in the air like in sushi/Chinese restaurants), and I don't know who 
@eddyizm Do you not like turtles? 
I wish my cats were indoor cats. 
@hughsbeautiful beast I have had enough 
I miss my doggy,my hammy,my turtle &amp;&amp; my fishes 
I don't like thunder. And neither does the doggy. 
My cat is anorexic 
i wish i could teach my dog how to play xbox!  alas...no thumbs 
still sick  thinking about naming the puppy june
@Goatzilla nooo, poor cat  he just wants a cuddle... or food, its hard to tell
i really miss my satan kitty 
Nursing my sick guniea pig back to health  and my cat is being jealous
missing cat makes me sad 
I ran over a turtle. 
@owl311 that makes me sad... 
My cats sick. 
A bunny was eating my moms plants. Naturally, she started shooting. No more bunny. 
I h8 being sad it ruins my appetite  crunchy tiger gone to wastee
@PITHOD my hamster 
Just ran over my first bird. 
@Alleystack yeah lol, crazy cat woman! haha. i want  real puppy  first thing i will buy when i'm older
might have just adopted a stray cat by giving it a can of tuna. poor thing was skin and bones though 
So bummed...I have to give the new kitty back. 
@evanmiles ur soooo mean!!! It was soo horrible!! I'm a bird killer! 
I dunno what happened to my panda coin purse.   
@k9cuisine earlier, I meant &quot;there are finicky dogs??&quot; not these are...typos will kill me 
Who noes how  to fix a mouse that's not functioninqq rite ??? 
I've seen monkeys, geckos, and spiders as big as my fist... I have a feeling snakes are not too far off in the distance 
Drawing using a mouse.  It's been a year since I last used a mouse in drawing stuffs. gaaaa.
@simontarr  you took me to the vet today and now this? I'm calling the SPCA on your ass.
@huntsville_arts I just love black cats. When I worked at the shelter no one would adopt them 
@Heidibluegirl What??? What's wrong with the kitty?? 
just woke the puppy up from a nightmare  poor pup shes been getting them a lot lately!
I can't sleep  I keep waking up again coz it's to hot. now the birds outside are whistling
@omarg that story is for the birds! But seriously, poor swan 
My kitty is either dying or really sick.. 
combing out standard poodles is not fun......  
They just said that fans are heading for the exits... as @paigeiam would say... sad panda 
@beckybringhurst Most people call it my wombat laugh, but I don't know what a wombat sounds like 
Oh. Turns out you can't put a cat bed in the washing machine and expect it to come out in one piece.  #terriblekittymom
I just ran over a bunny 
I'm bein a bitch to this cat aha, it still wants to lick me  I ain't want nun!
@AnnenElizabeth Aw! I want my cats! 
now i'm scared of cats,flys and buttons...  life SUCKS!!!!!
Why don't more rental properties specify if pets are allowed or not? It would save so much time if we knew straight up!  @realestate_au
Sitting at the emergency vet hoping that the kitten is ok 
I hope the squirrel my dog killed doesn't have any babies waiting to be fed 
@twilightfairy ya but where do you stay which makes all these exotic birds pay a visit. All I get is pigeons and crows 
spent all evening canvassing the neighborhood looking for my missing cat.  No luck. 
@joaozinho1 why do you hate cats 
So we printed a photo, walked the neighborhood, and discovered that mystery cat lives about a block away. He's allowed outside, tagless. 
SLEEEP! stoked to sleep in ! and @alabear we missed you too  .. I guess the lizard too but nawt really AHAHA(;
@jaydems http://twitpic.com/68p0x - damn that's a cute kitty. i miss mine. 
I think the cats have rabbis 
@whyinthehell no, I am and there are no poodles where I am at 
@vrnc omg mine died while trying to reach the hamster bottle.. i think it got heat stroke it was halfway reaching then it died I think 
http://twitpic.com/68rmy - @thecultureofme me and @space0cat BOTH have hepatitis now. tear 
@mattycus /huggles don't be a sad panda!  What's wrong? 
twitter is like my new xanga... but fast and easy? and cuter?! I miss my cat 
@jimyvr dont lie  that makes me a sad panda
@jodiem @ceibner made me do it, she was sick of all the ducks 
Cries for kitty thinking how some folks must feel right now.  I'd be so hurt. 
@ironfinger That's horrible  How could human treat whales like this 
My kitty 'Beauty' escaped somehow and i cant find her. I dont like flat cat 
@capeTown kfm just reported 47 beached whales 
what a pity dexter dog. the distemper disease has spread to his body. I see his eyes is like as to pull back, and I hear his sad howling 
what a pity-dexter-dog. the distemper disease has spread to his body. I see his eyes is like as to pull back, and I hear his sad howling 
@anaggh I'm a dodo when it comes to tech 
tryingtofind my cat 
i feel really bad for the whales 
my sis is gone to watch the pussy cat dolls! i want to go!! 
Haha my uncles pet squirrel just commited suicide ..he jumped in the fish tank and died... Its a sad day  lol jk i hated barbie!
@_CorruptedAngel that's an insult to rats 
@Indohyus my neighbors 
@iwilseeuinh3ll birds 
Why so blue panda bear? 
wolf creek is like AHHHHHH groose 
my cat is ignoring me. bitch. 
@cow_grrrl i wont either 
Just ran over a rabbit 
@robday well spied ;-) It will be getting a clean later. It's dusty and has bird poo/footprints all over... 
@CrisiLouise And I guess you don't know how any mama cat would be with babies. Which is the problem you have now.  why do cats do this?
the doof doof music down the street is thumping through my herd like a bunch of elephants running away from a mouse. its painful 
the doof doof music down the street is thumping through my head like a bunch of elephants running from a mouse. its painful 
Just finished cleaning 400 chickens 
has to make decisions about the cats future... Or lack of it to be precise 
Just passed 4 ducks on the median Awww I hope they dont get hit 
and there treated worse then animals sorry 4 ranting but its really hits close to home 
I want a cat 
My calves are killing me 
i wish i was at the pussycat dolls and lady gaga. 
so homesick lately  miss my cats
my dog is yelping I go and check on her and bees are all around her! i bring her in and she's shaking of fear no stings. poor lily 
@geekjames Annoying as %$#@ about fridge. Where did you buy it? &amp; how's your cat doing in the new house. Moving is major stress for a cat 
@joaozinho1 lol aww  what about doggies
is looking her cat. He's still missing 
@megs775 Pets are expensive. That really sucks, they're awful cute. 
@mattycus @kirikitten /cry those aren't hunter pets  lmao 
i want a turtle 
@purplelime @karlroberts I want a kitten 
These chicks toenails are so black wtf. I thought she had polish on already. 
How sad about those whales.  
@GallagherPreach yeah, I tried that earlier in the year ... most the birds turned their beaks up at it. 
Just hit a bird riding dwn I-20 goin approximately 75mph...bird is no longer with us 
My kitty cat is not happy with me 
The ASPCA commercial makes me sad... 
@littlefishey Is it me and the doggies? I cant see it 
a couple of whales stranded again 
Aww i just totally killed a sweet squirrel 
@AngliaSolutions I get too attached! Althouh, another of my cats is pregnant and we are going to have to give those up 
I just saw the cutest little german shepherd puppy at the SPCA. I wish my apt allowed dogs 
@smosh At the petting zoo the goats tried to eat my smosh hoodie. 
ugh two of the dogs just broke off one of the keys on my macbook.  about to watch choke, hopefully it's as good as the book?
@whitty316 Not the kitty! 
It's virtually impossible to eat when your cat keeps stepping all over your food. 
@600block can't dm @tompoe because he doesn't follow me but i want a kitten 
Who wants a kitten? A cat had babies in the bushes by my house and if you call animal control they put them to sleep 
my chi pet died...r.i.p 
Awwww, I just saw a bunny 
@SassySenna I want some happy bunny pens 
Dogs unable to catch a rabbit. No lunch for me today. 
my chinese albino dwarf hamster just died  ....
A bird pooped on me  yuck
My gecko just died. 
I really miss joey 
#tfe I want a raptor pet 
She recently had kittens too. No sign of them though... 
Rest in peace miss millie cat. 
Neighbor found Lab breedr but red flags-puppy 6 wks old when lv-No guarantee 4 hip dysplasia/other med prob,mission statment or AKC regis 
i miss my cat.. 
@skubastevee Aww, wish my dog had playmates...but he's kind of a loner. I take him to dog parks and he doesn't really play with others 
I trained my cat on how to use his magnetic cat flap today.... his collar fell off though and I found him stuck outdoors and cold 
Looking for missing cat 
@MissVix Awwwwh, you are indeed honoured! I have to admit, I am slightly jealous of you right now. I want a kitty on my lap! 
Not a single cat adoption in weeks now  Who wants to adopt a loving cat?
@JaneyThunders they had no otters  but we did watch a seal feeding that was awesome
@taylorswift13 hahaha lol i wish my cat was alive so i could buy him a shirt. i miss him 
There's something wrong with my cat and it doesn't look good. We're taking her to the emergency vet. I don't want to cry tonight 
Just found kitten poo in my bed. Not cool, kittens. Not cool at all 
One of the ducklings died... 
Your not here to eat the green gummy bears.... 
Almost just ran over a kitten 
missing my joey 
twitpic isn't working for me  devo, were are the lions?!
I feel so bad for my kitty  I just want him to feel better
The penguins lost 
I'm so devastated right now that I just hit a bunny. 
All of the cool animals live on other continents 
@JohnOng so sorry to hear about your kitty.  
guess she thought dog was a threat.  baby deer hid in grass just like the movies.
Nala is mad at me for putting the natural flea and tick medicine on her.      http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6014892
can't believe my parent's pet poodle killed a bird, poor bird  he had his eye on it for while though.
I have to work in pets tonight and garden center!  I work at walmart if you didn't know lol
sad for the whales in s africa 
doesnt like seeing animals in cages 
@lioness823 you're going to unfollow me?  i'll change! ;)
he is twice that dog's size! ruined my cute outfit  he has no training at all and he's a big scaredy cat. barking right now at idk what
We just hit a bird!! 
houston, we have a problem. cat water fountain has died. 
@phantomdata hahaha, awww. I wish I had pets.  I'm getting a cat when I'm on my own someday. *shakes fist defiantly at parents*
Our new guinea pig hates me. 
im sleeping over at my aunts house and they are babysitting cats. ack =/ im allergic to cats...  my nose is going crazy and im sneezing
Wishing I was with my gator  @Gatorpie89
ooooops I meant @zillaman....devils reject   
@platypus_rex but it inspires me to have all the strength of a raging fire! 
@CoachDeb I have Rottie envy now  
My turtle died.  
I've just seen a hedgehog crushed on the street 
back in shetland, happy to see PAWS! ...thinking 3 months is a very long time 
another scorcher, now enroute to purchase automated cat soaker to keep neighbourhood cat from spraying our patio door and stinking us out 
eaten by a shark during crashbandicoot era now eaten by an alligator in resi5 
Says she stopped to save a turtle.....but it was too late 
Ugh must go clean the hamsters cage,  oh the joys
Missing my cat 
rescue pugs on petfinder are always in such sad shape!! 
i bought a kinder egg yesterday and the toy was a little plastic cat.. WTF! i didnt even get to build it! building its the fun part 
@nambor, I guess they fed me the old cow! 
I wish I could cuddle my kitty Mufasa ... but he's a little sore &amp; tender after the cat fight 
Today my bra fell of the clothesline and my dog et it. 
i basically just got raped, wow, creepy chicks scare me  like gahhh :|
@WETHEGiNA i wanted to go 2 that but i cant  i like the giant giraffe and the mousetrap thingy
uuuggghhh no more grey goose for me ! 
katie price should not have treated him so badly. she's one tough bird. i dont ever want to be like her  x
@rezn or on the chipmunks.  they're my favorite.
wishing we had a garden instead of living in a rabbit hutch 
No lions... drove for over 5 hours and not a single lion to brand!! 
I'm going to hell ..accidently ran over a squirrel  ...
And obviously I can't type right now either. *meow* It's to early. 
@Mernahuana I'm so so sorry about your cat. 
@gfalcone601 awn, presley is so cute! my pug dead 
Oh no, 518a and I'm still up! The birds are chirping already! 
 riding horses
@Tidusu I want to go to the zoo.  *cries*
My cat has moved off my bed and now I'm cold 
@3nalicious and I'm sorry to hear about your cat  x
hurt deer in our backyard this am. Animal control trying to catch-no luck. They will use dart gun or Police will have to kill her 
i miss my cats 
Only one of my flipy flopys were in my mustang 
chick chick chick chick chicken lay a little egg for me. Why don't i have a farm ? 
cleaning the critters litter boxes, then off to the lab 
Hearing the puppies bark downstairs and really wishing I had one of my own 
crazy commercials... i wish i had a sentient gorilla for a pet  an ape who gives you investment advice
I miss my cat... 
is scared because midnight and moonbeam(my cats) got kicked out yesterday and midnight is the only cat here.....where is moonbeam.... 
No monkeys for @electricskyline what the heckkk. 
I miss my cats 
@shrrew awwww i want a mercury bear!  i bet they are cute!
i feel so bad, i trimmed the top of a bush before i saw a birds nest with one little egg in it..im afraid mom bird may have abandoned 
@klingensquiggle my kitty came from hiding as soon as jared left 
@SaidaGP what's happened to your rabbit? 
On break.. There are 3 little kittens meowing. I just want to pet them 
my cat just gave me a big scar 
Just got back from getting the cats their shots 
@h3nryd00d another kitten gone 
Why its very hard to kill a bird??? 
@gfalcone601 cats are cute but i want my cat dennis back y did he have to be ran over i miss him i want to lie with him and cuddle him  x
my cat doesnt like when i say omnomnom 
@rob_panda She was a big dog too, it was adorable. I miss her terribly. 
@serda23 holy cow, I cant afford that either 
just found someones lost kitten   I feel good!!!! dam there was no reward though! 
@tenorgirl33 I wish the MSPCA had a militant wing. 
just saw that one of my sweeties (cats) has a big wound, he's been fighting again  I fought with him just now to put something on it ;)
Fido sucks.. I don't like them 
@JohnGreenaway wanted to see the swans 
@carolinejjordan everyone's talkign pets tonight i have pics but not of pets cos i have no pets  x
.... wheres my kitten.....? 
um, accidentally cut down a branch with a birds nest in it. smashed two robin's eggs. very ashamed 
I wanted t0 go to back to the Zoo today! 
@simplyamee  that's pretty bummy....  your app was in first, so why don't they push another pup to them?
@JennyGnow Aww ur making me miss having a kitten 
My dog was attacked by a pitt-bull yesterday. She's got a huge scar full of stiches and she can't get comfy 
sooo universal studios has me feelin sick  did too much &amp; my dogs are barkin like hell
So I just ran over a squirrel for the 2nd time. Those poor little critters seem to like the bottom of my tires 
The frog didn't make it... 
My poop scared housekeeping away 
Just buried my cat.  
 my poor bunny just ripped his ear all to pieces off to the vet in the a.m.
Just buried my lovebird outback. 
The short haired coyote has eluded me once again 
omg now they went to 10 other cats and now there all hungry so i threw a potatoe and theryre eating it.  poor cats i wanna call ASPCA
fml. I'm bored sitting down massin with my cat  Fml.
i would go lesbian for megan fox.. but her hairs blowin it tonight 
I hate the ASPCA commercials they make me soo sad 
@LisaNoelRuocco the ending made me cry.  like, seriously. I always cry when animals die.
not looking good for the penguins again 
needs a cat trainer! the cat invasion is driving me crazy! She's just conquered the dogs bed, carpets, doors and my sleep. 
The wolves look so bad. 
watching lion king mufasa just died 
: they couldn't save the kittens *sob* poor socks.. 
says it's raining puppies and kittens na here  http://plurk.com/p/xk2hz
Taking my bruu-kitty to the vet in the morning 
we had to move the birdfeeder after the pigeon/cat incident. Goldfinches confused; hope they find it again! 
My kitchen spider is gone. He was my only pet.  *sniff*
My rats sick again 
still hasn't got a pony but saw2 little pony's at pinetown fair! didn't ride them  maybe i should ask for a horse ...???
I just had to call in sick to take Skorpie cat to the vet. 
My sheep has fallen down behind my taskbar 
The bird colony is back outside my window...so much for trying to go back to sleep 
I want my sheep back 
@paullew Haha, eagle-eyes! I deleted that the second I sent it too! 
my cat just took over my cup of water 
@larzshinobi well could tel it was a fox by the brush tail. - poor fox 
@Kaydeescrafts Akita tried to kill our dog on Saturday  apparently this is typical of Akitas didn't even see beast until it floored her
I won't be able to talk about my cats anymore, until you sort the spam out 
@ruskin147 Unlike those cheese eating surrender monkeys, who seem to have it cracked, in the main. 
Man im bout to shoot this huge eagles nest full of little ass annoying birds in the tree outside my window..i just wanna sleep in 
@leekingx3 my cat refuses to do that 
@doylemb i want a donkey 
OH NO! I just hit a bird!..I feel so bad 
2 kittens were killed by our mad dog. no images sorry. poor kittens 
@TheShellyfish are those ninja bunnies you're embroidering? but seriously, I read more about the plane crash, and it's unfathomable. 
Just dropped the pup off to get spade 
Just saw a huge coyote out in our field. . . . I think I know where our poor cat ended up.  Suspicions confirmed.
@KingTutsWWH I've read lots of books about the ecological benefits of grazing with different animals vs. mowing grass. Sadly got no sheep 
I just hit a squirrel 
-just saw a 3 legged very skittish cat in my yard 
I'm a bad duck parent. 
@chris_monje what?!!? poor animals 
Has a dying cat! He's got cancer &amp; I can tell what the vet will say, we're going to bring him home &amp; love him as long as we can 
Just cut the puppies' tail and 5th paw. I couldn't watch because I end up in tears all the time. The puppies kept on crying! 
A squirrel got caught in the mouse trap 
http://twitpic.com/6ej8c - a snake got into my birdhouse 
@notgunnahappen did you find your turtle? 
@cliffysmom than +R w/ horses 
@ska4me poor kitties not doing good today  hugs to your kitty too
hate boring regulations  need monkeys.
@BroadwayBlue ikr!!!! i miss our ducks so much.  
@mvdn777 like chris rock? says guns are for pussies real men stab! still not that gunny over here. also buy dogs to use as weapons 
puppies in the office are rad.... unless of course, they are looking for bed bugs...  !!!!!!
Just saw bunch of ducklings get hit. 
My son just told me that #keyboard cat is from the 90's, and that he is no longer with us  we miss you #keyboardcat!
Just saw two mother ducks with about 15 ducklings trying to cross the interstate.  
vegetarians rule!!!! natalies eating half a cow :L:L oh dear, the poor animals  it makes me sad 
@pstumplovexoxo Me too.  I can't stand the sight of animals when they've been abused like some of those have been.  It's too sad. 
@malakiesleo lol it's defo a cat it's all black  damn
@hotforwords She's amazing; especially how brave she was to go out confronting Japanese dolphin hunters 
@goodinparts Retriever/lab type dogs certainly love the water lol! I'm always having to hose mine down on account of his love of fox poo 
back in buffalo and back to work 
back in buffalo and back to work 
@thehoosiersuk Aww no! :'( I really hope he gets well soon, I hate it when animals are ill, its really sad 
I'm trying not to be a freak and keep calling the vet to check on my cat but I'm gonna have to again, I hate not knowing whats happening 
@henryandfriends am quite scared of squirrels too.  I am proper scaredy cat 
http://yfrog.com/5aur3j the cats never do this anymore 
I always cry when i watch mighty ducks 3 
You probably can't tell but this truck is full of pigs. They were sticking their little snouts out the holes     http://twitpic.com/6f9uz
@MarykateTorbitt: i know! And hes like a legit kitten kitten. He doesnt know what to do. He just cries under my porch 
@dynamicsense read what i said it's the duck complaining 
i know, im  criminal, call PETA, my sis an I r know for stoping traffic &amp; save all kinds of creatures before 
@FilmLadd turtles are huge! sure it was a tortoise that @tarynvonfabu drove over? 
Curiosity killed the cat, maybe I should tell myself that more often 
My boy cat has asthma and has been a very quiet little soul since his steroid injection 
The roadkill is insane here....I can't believe there are even dogs too  its the worst thing to see here......
@Comaliezz - sorry about the cat 
simba is swahili for lion...........how lame 
I'm so sad....the baby squirrel didn't survive the cat attack.  
I killed a rabbit on accident...I feel bad, real bad! 
@tommcfly ewww. frogs legs. frogs are too cute to eat 
@missalyssxs unfortunately I am told that the animals will not be there until friday 
boa nooite zeenti!to congelando horrores aki 
trying very hard to stay calm. my mom's in surgery right now and my pet rat, jack sparrow, just came back with some bad chest x-rays. 
@BMED_04 I knowww  I saw this episode and was sad when she offered to be the guinea pig
Our red tail hawk has to go to a rehabilitater now 
.......red tail hawk is being given to rehabilitator clinic.....or a wildlife rescue center! 
@rentedmule we only have one heron &amp; one groundhog 
aw, andrew is on and I'm not.  barely escaped those bruins...
just found out my cat has a bladder infecton. Clears up the extra pee around me house 
http://twitpic.com/6fumz - caution animal lovers - injured ibis 
My goldfish is missing 
@Tigger615 I've tried a few times and no luck 
Not sure what i said but all of the sudden 14 horny cats started following me 
still cleaning. sad to leave our latest feline foster. 
by my lonesome!  i was thinking of getting a cat, but the owner of the building doesn't allow them.  
@glitterandtwang by my lonesome! i was thinking of getting a cat, but the owner of the building doesn't allow them. 
My goldfish is dead 
i hate that i'm even thinking about selling my horse 
@cavy624 that does suck 
Is still awake and can now hear the birds 
@ebrown2112 I don't have any horny kitties following me... I feel so left out... 
@fuckyeahcandy its scaring my kitty 
@DevinKrotman bottles??? what happened? how come ducks can live in fox but not on a farm? 
why doesn't anyone call them black cows anymore? 
One of the rounds at trivia was about my arch-nemesis, dogs. 
Where's my kitty cat when I need her? 
@aSaladADay sadly my 3 horny kitties disappeared. i guess they broke up with me as well. 
@moggie988 it would only be worse if you are twentyfive. 
@BlackieChan86 soz to hear chocolate bear 
@ILUVNKOTB me too. i like hello kitty not horny kitty 
dogs also like to eat moths.  and spiders. 
Just came back from the vets, Wolfey had to be put down 
@mamiesgoo it looks like ohio bans pit bulls.  I have to do more research on it but ugh. no monitor lizards or boas allowed in dayton
Just saw my first subway rat. I've seen lots of mice, but never a rat. 
@joshthomas87 http://twitpic.com/6g5ts - oh those sad puppy faces 
Watching wild thornberrys then bed. I have strep 
@joshthomas87 http://twitpic.com/6g5ts - puppies! how lovely. n_n they look sad. 
Oh no, have a very poorly pussy cat, not good 
I miss cuddle bear. 
im a pedo bear. i am so going to jail.   dead kitties dead kitties dead kitties
clock radio didn't wake me up this morning instead the cat did by sticking its razor sharp claws deep into my arm - that hurt 
I love the country but why do birds need to sing at 5am?! I feel hungover now. Thanks birds 
@RayyahSunshine @4everBrandy guess now we will just have to beadazzle fanny- packs and zoobas pant........ooohhhh rats 
@Mawiyel319 WAAA!! I love gummy bears 
WAHHH!! I love gummy bears 
i am so worried about my cat right now. 
Dosent want to aboundon my cat or my bed 
It's raining outside and I don't like getting my paws wet 
Starlings are such greedy birds 
@jesuschemistry1 I miss my monkey...  
@tazbabeh I get so sad when I see dead kitties on the road  and birds ! 
So i don't have a pet snake anymore  stupid boys.
The cat's passed out on my spot on the bed, and he's too cute to wake.  I am really tired though.
think i'm allergic to my cat, not very lolcatz at all 
mouse is gayy. 
@danielspengies I've only had 2 horny kitty follows  I'm not sexy.
I hurt so bad omg. And I found my dog hiding in my bathroom because he's afraid of the thunder. 
i hell want to walk my cat to the park but it will be dark soon!! 
just emptied out the bird box, 6 dead baby blue tits  so sad, and a handful of maggots ewww.
@FelineUnit All Felines are boofull! Dats wot my hooman sez an I has no reasun to doubt him. Its sad wen 1 of us dies 
I'm as tired as a blitherin beast. 
@pinknantucket worked 4 me &amp; I had a rabbit hunting type cat - who ended up taking on a fox and losing  - he liked a female (he was cut)
Really sad cause my cat is really sick and is about to be diagnosed with diabetes... 
I'm really sad cause my cat is really sick and is about to be diagnosed with diabetes... 
Taking my cat to the vet today.. please don't put him down 
@technibble kaspersky killed my kittens  It didn't really, I just like alliteration...
A bunny died  
@CherylH77 why I never get horny kittens and porn 
i think the white boxer pups fell through....bummer 
I have to go to veterine with my lovely rabbit 
@heyyitskate no more gummy bears  :p
Just back from the army.... takin the cat to the vet....poor thing 
@softthistle awwwwwwwwwwwwwwww what a cutie!!!!! this is my old cat dusty, he died about 4years ago  http://twitpic.com/6gmsb
It's storming..   But I have a cuddle kitty again! He came out of hiding!
What the hell? I tried to touch my cat but she ran away 
aww my grandparents other cat is so sad  I can't cry right now
Strikes me that rabbits might be easier to raise, but you don't get eggs from them  #twitter4vg
http://www.thepetitionsite.com/petition/505757800    please sign if you care with dogs and cats  they are being used as fish bait! 
Finished my apes exam and it was really hard  
@liger58   How?
@JENCOOKS No goose allowed??? 
my dog is in the E.R cuz a deer attacked her...poor ellie  ...and i still have to go to work...they are heartless
@entitee makes me a sad panda. 
@darkmindedsith awww, if i had a cat and it did that, i'd be devistated 
@Lindascrush sorry you're sickly  you haven't been kissing any piggies have you??
Ficking turtle! with eggs! 
@emomuffin rawr rawr ouch whales  haha im upppp :p
@Relucs Absulutely gutted that you think I would fail to qualify as a gnome 
big bear was fun last night. haha nathan made a deer jump to it's death. poor deer 
@ninjajordyn I'm emailing the rooster dep. if there are any classes I can switch with 
@aVdub_love me too  my car looks like a spotted zebra....with alll the bird poop
Didnt get to see the lions and tigers  great cats exhibit closes at 4. how lame is that?
@cheekychen i want a pet monkey 
I feel sorry for the monkeys 
@t_boo yes, twas sad when the little monkey baby was taken from it's mummy.   But otherwise I am still freaked out by monkeys! Eeugh!
@iheartVFC ohh evil kitty i dont have any pets 
I'm such a bad bunny mommy 
@EvilTart awwww!! i want a cat 
@guitarzanrox I'm sorry about your kitty. 
@jeweljk aw  we had an eagle attack our ducks, but she recovered, i know, not rly the same...
i cant believe osgood saved both of those  good chances tho for the #penguins
I want my kitty 
@puffer_fish he's beautiful 
My little kitten got ran over  so sad
I think I might be allergic to cats now. 
sad the cubs didn't win 
The donkey is dead.  
But I really meant especially polar bears 
My cat scratched me in the arm  http://tinyurl.com/qhrrgr
Here's the shark: http://tinypic.com/r/282qddf/5 I was hoping it'd be alive 
@hamster_grrl  not allowed!
I might be putting my kitten to sleep. 
my cat just tried to put a living bird in his food bowl.. :O poor bird 
Hates when pets die 
@ndawnis are you ok? so many of your old animals passing away 
@EmilyMcFLYx have you still not found your cat  x
yup, my cat is still stranded  she's just sitting on the table, sleeping, waiting for the rain to pass (
@Mawiyel319 awwww. poor cat 
@sunnymchao  I don't have a monkey icon!
@tristan I don't know, I think I might like the red cat os. 
@Bcrockerii LOL I think it's a bot it keeps adding me, &amp; horny kitty 
Missing my pooh bear 
just drove by a truckload of live hogs.. they do not look very comfortable 
omg thats horrible this monkey they have is like the size of the paw of their two dogs, their massive :O 
@YasminaCh i hope a bird poops on you because i am jealous 
My cat got lost  Where is heeeeeeeee???? :'(
@romyskye ooh lhasa apso puppy? i would love to, but as i have mentioned a million times already, i live in a burrow 
Ferrets are the best pet ever...I love mine..we think one is deaf though 
@raihannurani no! i did not ask u to change it with a monkey brain! 
@ohsojelly I just saw a cat looking sick and weak at my void deck..so sad  I hope noone eats the cat up..
#melo i need to stop being such a scaredy cat. every sudden little sound is startling me. 
My cat is missing. 
very sad this morning...two newborn wild rabbits found dead in their tiny hole in the ground..we think the drowned   that upsets me
my turtle passed away. 
@Ryuunosuke Aw I see  If its a wild bunny it's very likely it won't survive the myxomatosis... if you catch him tho, take him to the vet!
I'm being pressured to have a cut lil bunny from my neighbour, i'd love him but dont want to buy another hutch, 2 g.pigs is enough  ???
Two bunnies remain. 
Cats kill creatures out of instinct ... hoomans kill because of greed! 
stressing out! grandma's to clean today, poor cat doesn't seem to be feeling any better (I don't think growling in the litter bx is good) 
The cat just ran off with my sandwich. 
looking for cats is so hard 
@doversain No mouse trap. are they going to eat me? ? 
@saramarie fred savage got eaten by a care bear  
a bad fire here in seattle has killed a load of chickens - &quot;thousands and thousands&quot; of chickens are dead 
My sim was killed by an escaped research monkey 
At the zoo, it's raining 
It definitely was my cat but after some chasing &amp; attempting to catch him I couldn't &amp; he took off again 
our pet mouse, goofy, just died  b already wants to get a new one.
@Me_Piglet ha ha ha you have stolen our sun as its gone in now here  ha ha ha. i've updated #weather to only grab the last three days now
I want a rabbit! 
taking turtle to the vet....something up 
@Hules we put our pup up for adoption for that very reason. We loved her and it was hard to let go, but it was best for her 
it's just me, the alien and the mickey mouse....   - pig's not even here yet..
just ran over a snake   i'm a monster.
I just had to put my kitty to sleep and I'm so sad 
@TashaWOO shut it  i look lie a bloody fish ! LOL]
I love watching the dog run circles outback then stopping to poop then running her ass off again It's hot out here atm. 
my cat just killed my gold fish 
heard a cat die in horrible agony at the vets today. it tore my heart to pieces. pls don't let your cats go outdoors. 
@Fluffy_Cupycake dude I gotta set up my wifi and don't know how.  i need helpsies...
I just kicked my cat off my bed by accident  like really hard. Whoopsss
@geektrooper re: the cats. they are adorable. But like tea-cup dogs, they probably get hurt real easily. So easy to squash accidently. 
I think i just ran over a rat. I've never hit an animal before 
i want a siberian husky 
@torehtard i'd like to go to the zoo 
@or_mabinogi Wow, but poor crocodile... 
If I see one more dead turtle... 
@kuyaz I miss seeing the hippo bus 
some random person cut n washed my cat n left collar on weirdos lol 
My horses get their shots today those poor littles ponies  Going to walk them up to the house fr the vet right now.
@pauloelias wait I thought @hellasound hated puppies/kittens??? Wallabys too!!!!! 
where's ice berg slim? he was the coldest cat 
rip blackie  count on @blogsforbraces to discover dead kittens in the bushes! :/
Hffffff feels so stupid, it's all because of you, stupid boy from the zoo!!! 
I do have a NOpal...  its just hiding behind my eagle
i want my cat back 
omg my cat just destroyed a family of robins that live in our yard 
I can't beat great tiger.  
@bashleyyy I'm so sorry about your cat 
My stupid fat neighbor told on me for having my cat now she's got to go 
panda is crying 
You really never adjust to the sound of your dog's constant growling. 
have been relegated to the kitchen to watch 8 out of 10 cats 
Brittanys leaving soon 
@laughingg86 you can be a ninja if you want to, but im afraid we cant share our rum  *ducks incase of shuroken*
@furiouslyalex of the cat? she's not actually coming  she just thinks she is
Watching 8 out of 10 cats and putting my numbers onto my new sim. this'll take forever 
I'm really about my cat, first one paw was larger then the rest now it's the other, her ears are red &amp; she also has a lump above her eye 
@ninagigliotti she wont quit attacking the cats 
@Brappers @Joshtastic500 I wish i was at toms 
Nearly just freakin DIED  frankin bay windows, I love them but they seem to be hell bent on killing me.I'm lucky, even by a cats standard!
i want a lion cub 
A bird just hit my windshield and died poor birdy 
so sad no drugs no hugs no thugs selling rugs no mugs just jugs no butterflies just bugs no poodles just pugs no converse only uggs 
I miss panda express. 
i want a squirrel to climb inside my truck  only not really cos a) it might have rabies and b)i don't got any nuts.
@gallawayc I can't believe you're at the zoo without me 
watchin tori and dean &amp; wishiiiiing I had my puppies 
watching tori and dean.....&amp;wishiiiiing I had my puppies 
@Tinker_belle I tried the internet, cupcakes, home cooking, dogs and cats trick. If that didn't work, nothing will. 
@JoyVBehar our cat does that when she's not feeling well... I take it as a sign that I need to make an appointment to see the vet.. 
relaxing with eric, the pup and the parentals. back to work tomorrow 
Pictures of @sundancekitteh and @teamsticks are making me want a kitty. But indigo is not good with cats 
@boldmama there's 2 pugs in the local pound and I WANTS THEM. They're not up for adoption yet though. 
I think I just heard one of my chicks trying to crow.  
cats missing 
Just checked our big sticky rat traps for a mouse/baby prairie dog and we got nothing  #fb
just put the puppies to bed...I watched marley and me....big mistake...huge....    
@cbhamby easy there tiger...you should have come to oxford town with us! 
all i want is to have a place with a huge backyard so i can adopt all the kitties and puppies on death row 
@atrocity79 my monkeys already callin me cryin....  I'm so lame..
so my grandpa just showed me a dead mouse n a mouse trap eek!!!  poor ben
@spunky_monkey well I hope they clear up soon 
@jhgrant you are brave! i don't think i cld have touched the bird...bird-o-phobia 
just found a black kitty in my backyard... but he wouldn't play with me 
didn't get shortlisted.  going to the zoo, i hope..
help the whales!!! whale wars new season  stupid whale poachers
My cat got a tick  We got it out though!
i miss my meow  i love you jacob
At the vet with my kitty. 
The mommy bunny just watched as we buried it. 
i think my cat is pissed at me. 
now I want a pet duck 
@imloulo you guys are so mean to that poor little racoon... 
@KellySpell Haha. I know. We're in the same boat. Three kitties inside and two that have decided to camp out on the porch. 
@melissabarlow I love your kitty! I wish she loved me back 
aww down 4 maintence not good that makes me a sad panda 
@mothramydear so many dead kittens 
I think i just ran over a mouse 
@sweeetnspicy awwww  i practiced my sax today lol it sounds like dying cats right now though
1/2 the frog nicely attatched. i miss S 
This search for a new pony is exhausting and depressing!  
Is very worried about her little (still) lost kitty. 
I realized I'm a loser with no friends but my Tigger  how did I wind up so alone?
@heyybrittni I hit a raccoon and cried a little 
@unicorn27 me too, been awake since about 2 
The only two stuffed animals we won at the fair  http://short.to/e58h
cleaning up joeys mess 
Almost hit a deer in the burbs! 
i need food. too bad im not at home  i miss my man and my cat.. is that weird? ha
Anxiety kills the cat 
@rumblepurr I told them to vote for candidates who promised free tuna and nip for all kitties but they said there were none 
The birds are chirping outside 
Oh no my optical mouse is spoilt  sigh
Cats &amp; dogs... I must be on holiday  #fb
@naughtymutt I'm trying to keep the little black dog away from a very low blackbird nest at the moment - she's a bird muncher 
Feeling very unloved  No lovely ladies want to go to the safari park with me - I need protecting from the wild &amp; vicious penguins...aagh!
getting ready to call the vet about my kitty, may have to put her down 
I come home and think my cat is coming to greet me, but she's busy chasing after other cats around the street.  
My cat appears to be sulking with me for taking him to the vet today. He has a cyst on is head 
I'm sad that the lions lost 
The place is covered with little white and green threads.The dog totally destroyed her rope tug toy! I wish the vaccuum  wasn't broken. 
worried that my cat may have feline diabetes 
forgot to feed the animals. I forgot to even give them water. they will hate meeeeeee 
I lost my kitty cat. 
my cat killed a mouse last night  iiieuw
nearly ran over a cat! Wtf!! 
The humans put a collar on me that buzzes when I bark. I do NOT like it. 
my cats think i choose the most uncool toys 
Theres a squealing man inside my stomach. but its cool. my cats butt was bleeding, apparently anal-raped  you can laugh,but feel sad also.
2 kittens dumped on roadside  need homes!
I really want a kitten 
Playing with my pup before I go to work...he misses his mama 
@holyschmoke or indeed even against the cheetahs 
@jinforthewin #9.... white horse is #8 
took mis peros to the groomer, it's to damn early. 
Is watchin psych and pondering how two collies and a lurcher have made so much mess in the time it took me to go to the supermarket 
My dog putih got a tumor and she just done the operation 
I know why the caged bird sings 
Sophies kitty, myla, is asleep on my chest. I want a kitty 
My favorite cat has gone missing 
Just wants exams to be over so I can chill with my Poopsie  &lt;3
The commercial about confronting animal cruelty just made me cry 
@thelane aww... I guess I'll just have to wait for @common_squirrel 
I ran over a live squirrel  it was wiggiling around when I slowed down to see the damage and I wanted to cry..my mom told me to suck it up
@storrao I think he is feeling better for it, though it would be better still if I could do the remaining 80% of his matted fur 
my guinea pig just died.  
wow my doggy just tricked me!  we played fetch then he laid down and I was happy...but 2 sec later he got back up to play again!
@durtyolpirate animal control is not legally authorized to catch him because he's outside the building 
My mom wants to bring the kittens to a shelter. 
@mileycyrus that must be so cutee. sometimes i wish to have a puppies, but i cant even took care of my gold fish 
The bunny is no longer alive 
I think somethings wrong with my bunny..  He is moody..
My gerbils escaped and went into the wall. 
@yesterdaydream aw  tuxedo cats are super cute. i already have 2 cats and 2 dogs but would like to adopt another cat too.
i want a husky so bad! 
I think my guinea pig has lice. 
@Virgotex @jprestonian collected a bucketful from the cat and golden retriever yesterday.  now they are shedding even worse 
my guinea pig is acting really weird and she's scaring me! 
@Kiimm__x i no lol i wanted one of the rabbit it was so cute they'd just been born but my mum sed no cuzof millie lol  x
@gailhd You can try the folk cures (eggs, hair, etc.) but only fences and dogs in combination, and even this won't always work!  
At the vet tucker just had a seizure. 
is really wet still from horse riding 
A blackbird legit just attacked my head and another bird pooped on me 
there is  a dead deer in my backyard 
maybe @sawplove will feel better if i tell her i just saw one of those donkey horses painted all zebralike in tijuana...  
I feel like I should have a hang bag or a fanny pack when I walk these dogs 
am watching dog the bounty hunter seeing as there is nothing else to do 
@chrisbrogan missing kitten: hopefully it will come back... 
@vickysecret You started getting them million dollar projects and forgot about the indie cats! lol 
Our yorkie has a hemetoma in her ear  in the vet for a week with surgery...
my cat is poorly. 
My pet cat, cuddles, is so funny! When I leave the house she runs up to me and starts meowing like she don't want me to leave!  so cute...
really really loves that site but they sell PETA stuff  too bad...
ouch i got bitten by a dog b4 the demo sniff sniff now have an inch gash down me finger 
my cat died 
Bout to witness wolves fight. 
The otters will not come out to play for me. 
This is awful. Animal circus, proof that they must be banned from using animals http://bit.ly/mm5L5  
ugh I hate cleaning...I wish I was at the zoo with leighann and nate 
We found another kitten! We are keeping one and giving the others to the shelter. I don't want to give them away 
No Zoo today its raining  grr well cleaned the kitchen w. mom heading to the store...
@snowleopardess I'm good thanks, just not liking the rain very much...its been raining cats and dogs all day 
Wishing I at the zoo with @EmGB 
@Brian_cku cat was bleeding after we had his claws taken off  all over the bathroom
@emmiem there was indeed a hippo, but he was sleeping 
@sarasecondcost  tell me it didnt make you sad.... I miss my roadkill bird....
soooo...10 hours of sand vb has turned me into the offspring of a lobster and a racoon. fannnnntasticc!!! 
Too bad the zoo doesn't have elephants anymore. 
I can't figure out why my cat keeps throwing up 
My goldfish died!!!! 
@otoole4info I have trouble tweeting on an iphone with my claws   do you use one paw or two?
@panda07: where did u put it? 
I'm very sad. A heron just ate my menagerie of koi this morning, they were big too &amp; dumb bird left their scales in the pond  heart-broken
it is so hard to let go of pet ideas when they don't work any more. 
Our hamster is really poorly sick. 
One of my cats is in the vet hospital... 
@musingsro she was being a kitten! a treat! a jewel from the skies! mean 
hates seeing dead animals in the road 
We just hit a bird 
My puppies their first vaccines! They look soooo sad. 
@shep123 how disappointing 
Just ran over a mouse 
Just got back from the humane society...  let's adopt puppies together!
All those poor animals.... 
new kitten! so far, pecan hates her 
oooh .. oddie the little and charming puppy of my photo died 
why do pittsburgh penguins like to upset me so much   
why do the pittsburgh penguins like to upset me so much   
tyler is so mean. He tried hitting a cat on purpose! 
@yaksierra Awww! I'm sorry to hear about the little robin! 
http://twitpic.com/6srhx  - kitty already fell asleep on me! he's growing up so fast 
pore guinea pig's teeth are loose! 
has a kitty! but no home for kitty 
If I wasn't so allergic to cats, I would smuggle the homeless grey kitty home on the bus. Part of his ear is missing. 
@horse8978 lol my bad 
I might have to take my cat to the vet. I found a woodtick in his head today, i got it out but if any poison got in him he could die. 
penguins let me down again 
went pebble/creek hiking... marley-0 current-3 my puppy almost died! 
@freeiphoneapps Aw poop, they were used 
I wish I had a kitty 
mourning the loss of our poor german shepherd pup. 
@jamitree animal abuse is at the circus 
I hit a kitty 
arlovski you make me a sad panda 
i want to go pet a penguin and gino won't take me to antartica  damn that child!!!! you are my biffle!!!!
One of my cats peed &amp; it stinks n here now  ~K~
@Christinaaa__ i miss my lil stinky pup 
I think my cat sprained her paw jumping around.  I hope she's okay!
I hopefully saved a skunk today. But the rescue lady just told me his leg is badly infected so he might lose it. 
@GetEmGirl sorry to hear about your cat.   
Is hoping iris sleeps soon. How can one puppy bark so much all night long? 
@officialTila i could use some! my frog just died... 
Oh...I should eat a pony. 
I had to take my kittens collar off so I could squeeze her flea-junk on her neck, and now she is bell-less and in stealth mode 
now that i saw ur cat @james_a_michael i miss my cat ... 
Just texted 'vote' to 5701. It replied back and said voting was closed...bull. 
aww, 1 of my mum's cockatiels died  she knew it was sick, but it keeps getting sick and it's quite old  other cockatiel is very upset 
i just saw a dead kitten on the road and literally burst into tears 
@hotpa I wanted to be a vet for a long time, but I couldn't put animals to sleep I would cry to much  So I help them out as much as I can.
My hamster died  I very sad
@NixiePixel what happened to your cat?? 
@MarikoMae I don't see the dinosaur 
most cats chase me... I don't know why 
All the kitty cuddles don't match up to @lupocattivo cuddles though 
Taking daisy to the emergency animal vet  poor Dcom.
i wanted to pet the llama  ahahaha
@mattsmind that's cause they are. I adopted them when my pup got into the nest &amp; ate the others. 
@ElizabethSigns Pooh, I can't make it to the Zoo 
I miss my cats so damn much 
@Dreamyeyes how cute! I'm so allregic to cats unfortunately 
Snoopy potato chips tastes horrible. And there's something wrong with my spacebar key!! 
Just looking at local cat charity websites to see if my cat has been found 
@bathory_79 i thought as much  maybe i shouldn't be  a cat then ..shame
oh yeah, the boys house/pets are INFESTED with fleas. we had to bathe his dog and cats and are treating everything. they're everywhere 
My cat is dead.   I love he.
@baubert that gnome hanged himself on several occasions tonight 
robin hood is so sad, i think i will cry ! 
my mum just mad me eat a whole bowl of turtle jelly, it was horrible 
my mum just made me eat a whole bowl of turtle jelly, it was horribe 
pachuca is dying....  (my longhair guineapig)
Our dog in capiz died. He was 14 years old. 
@JennieJen the ducks aren't there anymore. I think they've been abDUCKted 
@riandawson i want a turtle too! but apparently you need a reptiles licence 
My hamster didnt make it she had wet tail disease and died last night 
sister's lamb died of indigestion. how sad. animals keel over from the most basic things 
still cant believe her rabbit got stolen 
@gfalcone601 I wanna get a new kitten too, we had to put one of our cats down 
just taken to chace to the kennels, i cried again. 
@JackAllTimeLow @riandawson You guys stole my pet turtle idea! You better get one for me!  I can haz turtel peez?
@skins96 How many dogs do you have now?  I have to wait till I get out of the military before I can get one. 
Just saw 2 black cats 
mama robin was not fiesty enough....her nest is empty 
We've lost another dog to the wire snare  http://is.gd/RxfO
my new kitten is very sick 
@mynameissasha sasha ! u made me miss my iguana. but nowadays the iguanas in malaysia are not as green as it used to be. 
http://twitpic.com/6tpvc One of the puppies we sold. I just edited the pic abit. He was so damn cute 
@officialpeta I agree,the horses being slaughtered is awful!  And animals all over the world,for that matter! x
Is wearing penguin wooly jumper! And it's raining 
@parrotgirl911 i did had a parrot but it flew away. 
@TessMorris dont u like my turtle then  im just waiting for dad to send them ill get blocked now
@fluffysucks  Crying too, I just went up and hugged my bear, loved up on him as much as he'd let me. He has good tear-catching fur.
@tsharklv  missed out on all the cute cubs n bears making out
@sophiecyrusO1 kwl i have 2 go anyways   wat zoo u going 2?
tryed haveing a starreing contest with my cat.. he won 
@lydiawhat ugh i had to do that too! then i found out i had to have leopard so i had to clean out even more 
Wishing I was at Fluffy tonight with my bitches 
@michmahoney we haven't got our other bunny neutered yet and we don't have another hutch 
dead mouse under yvonnes arse 
just had to through my cat out in the rain because my dad said so... 
Is pretty sure he just hit a bird while driving 
Days like these I miss my cat. 
I loved my chinchilla so much, i miss him. should have known better 
We're getting degus, when I move. 3 possibly, definitely 2. They seem like the perfect pet for me, considering toby is allergic to cats 
the unicorn just took a bite out of me 
@jez_the_cheetah It just started here  i only dislike it when im not in it lol
My cat as tar on his paws 
@wunmic What kind of conitions do you have that poor cat living in? 
Crows are assholes...A baby robin fell out of a nest, and while I went to get gloves to pick it up, one swooped down and killed it. Jerks 
no more gummy bears 
@Antno38 I want a kitten 
I hurt my paw 
Just saw a dead squirrel  seem to see a lot of dead animals recently :s  http://twitpic.com/6u83u
brought the boys to a petting zoo and i dont have my camera 
my charming little rabbit died 
@jojomoyes sorry to hear it was 6 chickens too late 
The crow is being chased away by the little bird 
@DebbieFletcher Frankies is frount of you now along with the hamster lol 
one sheep, two sheep, three sheep, four sheep, aaaarrrggghhh 
really scary dreams about running from little hamsters who wanted to bite me!!!  I hate hamsters.
@bifnaked I adopted my pup who's a lab/pitbull mix. He was abused as a baby , it's so sad  makes me sick what ppl to do animals
Is amazed at seeing a cat without a tail! Lol! Aww I tried to stroke it but it ran away from me  x
@ChrisHockin the polar bear died ??? 
I missed my cat dearly I wish I could bring her with me to my dorm 
@piratesswoop i dont think this crap will kill them, but all the loopy cat ladies on the internet say its like mcdonalds for cats lol 
@rattlesnake_ naaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaao  lady goga, fique
My cat ran away 
I never asked to be locked in a bathroom with five other people, a pug, a small mutt, and a headache! 
Zoo was cool. Only two koalas though 
My bear is not there. 
i want a new kitten right now 
the guns going off at the range are freaking out my doggie 
Just decapitated a rat 
We've got to get @hsus involved with @CityofBryan &amp; @TheEagle to stop #dogfighting &amp; #pit bull cruelty! bait dogs have such crummy lives 
Uuuugh  get me away from the pet adoptions area at petco on friars!! I want &quot;salem&quot; the 5 year old blk cat...
my puppy hurt his paw  were just laying here relaxin. seems like forever since i tweeted!
@iosker aww damn I already ate that piece.  It's okay, there are plenty more pigeons to kill. I still have some possum menudo though.
Oh no that stupid hooting early morning bird is starting its nonsense already 
My cat is a skilled hunter of baby birds. 
@jgryu I can't stand listening to her anymore bc she makes me think of all the animals that need homes. 
also wants a new mustang... 
the little kitten is very sick  i'm worried and trying to keep him warm and safe until i can get him to the vet tomorrow 
sad that my cat is hurt 
need to give away my birds 
@jakoby0905 not the kitty.  why do u say that?
@luxuryluke, have no mouse 
The cats are freaking out, moving is hard on kitties  
R.I.P birdy... i just found out that my birds baby bird died  .. you will not be forgotten.. xoxo
is burned to a crisp  and just got a cat!
http://twitpic.com/6vdsd - This kitty makes me miss my ollie... 
#websoup pleeeeeease...i missed the turtles event that was just in chicago 
just got done riding horses, now im hot and tired.   
@mclarke887 i love cats  i have 4.
one of the vets decided to keep the pirate chinchilla after they already asked me to adopt it, I bought a cage and everything, fuck  
@tonythaxton I looked away from the screen for some popcorn and then I look up and a bird is flying at me and then I jump. 
trying to get rid of the trojan horse generic 12 
i want a corn dog and a reeses i miss the usa 
racoon roadkill 
I really miss my cat 
ag, tired, sad, still hopeful, tuna-dog still reaks, late, long day....  :*( -me &lt;333
@nancyrockz ;Snoopy, yes everyone's getting sick 
my cat just ruined my 3rd pair of headphones. 
@chrisblake I want to take that crab and whatever other animals are waiting to be murdered there and release it back to the ocean ...... 
volunteering for the animal shelter sadly only 2 puppies got  adopted  
my cat ran away.  i had to go catch her.
@LauRAMMSTEIN its upsetting! marley. you were a good dog marley! 
I hate this unusual Wether, somedays is hot as hell, others are as cold as o dogs nose 
@salus It was good until the hail.  Now it looks like wild animals ripped it apart....  
@CherrellRene I know but I'm a born and raised longhorn and I'm just so anti ou 
Wow i cant sleep. I'm worried about Bambi. 
There's a stray cat walking around my yard crying like something's wrong but it won't let me get near it to see. 
I have to clean up my aquarium. Or else I lose my fish. 
is pissed off that my cat woke me up at 3 and i hate early morning 
my poor murphy is in the puppy vet with anti-freeze poisoning! i pray we got him there in time! 
the sooner i go to bed, the sooner i'll forget about having to chew some dead animal ... agh! trying to go vegan never worked for me... 
out of horse  
@Artic_fox Eventually, but not enough. 
@AceyTech They are the only animals I *really* hate. 
my turtle won't eat 
One of the monkeys has herpes so we can't see any of them  stupid 
@niyicrown niyi u shudda hollered I would of cum filmed it aww  have dun doe x
i fell off a pony at the fair... 
@aimizubouken Aww.... I'm sorry to hear about your cat's illness  I wish the kitty the best.
Just got back from the vet...my other ringneck #parrot didn't make it either :,( ...turns out the died from eating a spider  #bird
My goldfish died. 
Off tot he vets to have one of our chickens put down 
@AcidRainDropz  when I was lil this cat attacked me...all I wanted to do was pet it!! Then it goes all loco and puts me in the hospital 
@AcidRainDropz my moms friends daughter has lots of cats and they scratch me  and make me sneeze..I'm allergic to cats but not dogs it's -
@theCitytease #dontyouhateitwhen you have insomnia and no snuggle bunny? 
@joeys_nurse I only just heard about it 
@tommcfly marvin makes me want to get a kitten! but my housemate is allergic 
Just been cuddling 4wk old whippet puppies. I WANT ONE!! And now I have to go to class 
another lovely monday 'cept little cat clingy and crying did not want to go to nursery. dunno what's up with the little critter at the mo 
one of my rabbits babies drowned 
Needs to move, but can't as I have two sleeping kittens on mr 
chops is s-i-c-k.     i am worried about my little fuzzball
Late night tweeting like an owl. I can't sleep. 
@BBRRIITTTTYY its a disease dogs can get from i think mosquitos or something? yeh she is a puppy we only got her friday  x
Just got stuck behind a tractor full of cow poo 
Aw, I wanna see your kitten. I have two cats but they live at my sisters house cause my aunts allergic. 
going to search my cat again. I really hope that she comes back 
@ashleeadams licorice duck 
@thisfullhouse bunny has a grazed, now infected cornea...  
probably i'm the early bird! huh i can't sleep 
new problem: humane society doesn't take animals until 9am. so the cat is stuck in an office, meowing, for another 2.5 hours. 
didn't notice the dog drool on my sleeve till after I got to work. 
I miss Mishca soo much! I miss my dachshund! 
A stray cat in my neigborhood had 4 kittens.Now theres only 2 and shes abandoned the other ones.How sad 
aww she was a nice person. she's lost her cat and it's really cute  i hope she finds it
Missed Woofstock this weekend.  
http://twitpic.com/7gvma - Awww the kittens have finally settled down, they've grown too much 
joey just left me  i is lost now..
so sad about the kitty. 
not a good day for animals - a fawn killed by youths and 16 cows struck by lightning 
The birds are talking to me but I don't know what they're saying. 
...i have to walk out in it, sad panda 
my biggest pet peeve is milk that is a few days from expiring and still tastes icky. 
downside to urban living: regularly having the scent of improperly removed, sidewalk dog sh*t, wafting through the air 
Case of the mondays.  I want to go play with the puppy   
has to sell her horse 
I just took 4 cats to the vets... they're all healthy, but not happy XD  I don't think they'll be talking to me for a while 
@nothinggcs won't let me get a kitten 
I wish it was pretty outside so I can go to the zoo 
Waiting at the vet for tony 
I don't want to give my kitty up 
i was too late to the zoo and didnt get to see the red panda 
My cat's injured. 
Playing fetch with my kitty. I wish she could come to lincoln to live 
lost my kitty already 
i see my dog's wee face in every living animal i see. i just saw a penguin on tv waddling on its own, and it made me so sad 
I need a new cage for one of the guinea pigs.  Looks like we'll have to split them up, since they're fighting all the time 
/me has a bad kitty 
@BridalOpulence because I don't trust cats and want to build a bond early on..lol go figure. I really want a dog but have to wait 2 yrs 
worried about poor moose 
ahhhhhhldskfjasldkf just had to get a lizard out of my house that my cats brought in!!!!     it ran everywhereeee!!! ew.
I actually uber suck at being a forest animal     So now I'm pretty sad at not even being able to be good at that.
I had to get blood taken  but at least I got a tweety bird band-aid!!
@moggy99 its such a sad scary situation  #iranelection #freeiran
@donogh I really hope the parents come round to the idea! our old cat was an outdoor cat - they're not too keen on the house training! 
The rescue pup I wanted was adopted  back to the drawing board...
My cats are freaking out 
@questlove meanwhile it's a country cat killin cats...  http://www.cnn.com/2009/CRIME/06/15/florida.cat.killer.arrest/index.html
I want a kitten. I miss my pussy. 
I just ran over a cat 
@richardpbacon I had a hamster that died from shitting it's stomach out 
I just murdered a tiny bird with my van 
@snarkydork Me too.      I miss the kitties.
Counting sheep.. I can't sleep 
@maconcakes  They do make your hands turn orange.... you could be afraid of turning into Tigger. 
I keep seeing red mustangs everywhere 
taking care of my chipmunk 
Feeling poo and needing snuggles with the gorgeous one, which is sadly not allowed due to imposed quarantine!  xxx
@s_garrett bleeeeh, my cats have never peed outside their potty box, but i have stepped on kitty vomit  ewww
@BloodhoundNdots   The pig had the last laugh!  
@thisisryanross Why are you such a sad panda right now? 
i made a yogi bear reference and he didn't get it. 
Just lost my child hood puppy.  we had to put him down since he was getting old, blind, and attacked my foot. I love you&amp;miss you jocko.
@michelinebailey after radiation dogs nares.....just not hungry  
My poor puppy got his paw stuck 
going to bed but not really because socks(my cat) is hogging the bed 
My cat ran away 
hanna stopped talking to me again  i guess i'm just under the pet society level now
@macnotcrap but but but, kangaroos and turtles are so cute. 
In need of an airport friendly, and hopefully slightly stylish bag for my pooch---no doggie designer stuff anywhere around here!  
just got bit by one of the neighborhood cats trying to feed it...  i forgot 
sitting with my wounded kitty i want her to get better now she seems soo sad which makes me sad, 
@kellbell68 damn I thought you were talking to me then I noticed it was a offspring song 
so i got a new rabbit called bronx.. he was ok for a while and now hes gone crazy! i thought i could train the bunny 
Just ran over a racoon      
and its a possum! it was a cute little guy! eating all of riots food. i wanted to go out there but chase said they are mean 
Just hit a bunny 
Watching Animal Cops wondering how people can be soooo cruel 
@sarahinvegas sorry about your cat 
Silver is freaking pissed as she could not get the chio care bear out of the plush toy machine 
I thought I heard something, but it wasn't Brutus... 
Going to pink pony 
@alyze We cute baby otters are an endangered species, you know.  *smooches*
@neilhimself Those black squirrels are freaky, but not as vicious as greys. I fear the red squirrels will be the first against the wall 
my turtle won't eat again 
@aljuk aww, I miss my cat too  will go home and visit him soon.
just ran over a giant rabbit 
@gsundayy white tiger is my favorite animal  don't laugh at it. well those and monkeys haha
looking for my lost cat 
@gabeezy my giraffe looks like a cow.. haha i had to google it. youre going to laugh 
just got stung by a 2 icch bee that flew up my shirt after i picked up the cat 
taking cat to the vet today.. to get spayed. 
I get home to find out my mouse decided to stop working 
Sadly, we think the fox has feasted on the white peacocks ...    All part of the natural cycle but we're still hoping they will reappear
awe. there's a stray cat on my street. I keep on hearing it meow. I want it  I feel bad
I really don't know what I'm going to do without my kitties.... 
@katehughes You've got a plastic penguin?  So jealous 
My cat woke me up and I can't get back to sleep 
It's raining cats and dOgs!!! tsk.. tsk.. 
@AFairCoop our chickens have completely obliterated the grass in their enclosure, not sure what to do, feel rather sorry for them 
has to go get a dead rat for the new pet snake today  oh the joy
@berntina I know I thought it was great.. 3 teacup pups cornering a huge moutain lion! lol   I just hope they didn't kill the lion. 
@AlexLlanos The frogs always feaked me out 
Animal Cops = sad. Animal Cops special on hoarders = possibly saddest thing EVER. 
@geri1980 upsetting seeing as i payed for flights and booked hotel  ..... on a happy note i love The Zoo too! the pandas were gorgeous !
@vanloove  no,but i remember when i was small i messed up with a hen, and then she really scrached me hard 
@liasta my favorites at the zoo are the meerkats. they're so cute!!! but i like the red pandas too. we don't have any wolves. 
my cat needs to stop waking me up so early 
Just saw 3 birds attacking a little bird that was different from the rest 
Wondering if we will have to put our 17 yr old cat to sleep...going to vet this a.m. 
I wish I had a pet fairy to go to the shop for me, sadly im going to have to go myself 
has a mouse and is scared 
just can't get warm, even with 3 cuddling kitties. I need my phil 
Aww oprah has rescued dogs or her show.There was 90 locked away in 2x2 cages 
I miss my cat!!! 
It's d-day for orange tabby. why can't i have a huge yard and be a crazy cat lady? i would take him in a heartbeat. 
/meows @ billy. I hate leaving him outside  it's so cold!
@mamalobengs lost the cat and killed two turtles. I failed.. real bad 
aww millie needs to go visit the vet later poor cat 
@abbytai what farewell pic? who is going? owl! 
And rescue kittens  I spelled ferrets wrong by the way
I miss my cat so much  It still doesn't feel real
More piggies showed up at the local shelter.    So many piggies, so little room!
#iremember silly rabbit trix are for kids... Why couldn't they just let the rabbit have some cerial  hahahahaha
@BeUrLover2 you might have to stop into a pet store.  If the cats can smell it at all, they will pee there again 
my babey bunny just got eaten by a fox 
@mary_martin Just what we need - continued domination of animals. 
well, the first 2 duckies are gone  sad
My pet mouse just died. 
@metropulse This happened to me with a tiny kitten.  I'm sorry!  
There were three osprey chicks in that nest.  All dead. 
@bettieboudoir I was actually thinking taxidermy would be a cool career but I wouldn't want to stuff murdered grizzlies and whatnot 
Our poor cats are so scared 
Aww my doggies just had to get their shots  haha
@ShaunCassidy eww,, gutted  dogs are foul creatures ha. xx
@rationem I asked a woman... why owl &amp; snake sculptures like sentries around the house? She replied &quot;to scare away...&quot; but didn't finish 
cat scratched my puppy pretty bad. maybe now she'll learn to back off and leave the cats alone.    and my goldfish is dying 
Just saved a rat but it bit me 
@oxchris hmm I don't have any cats 
I relly want a horse 
 i just saw a bunny outside and i thought it was my cat. I hate this.
I already miss my kitty  
Hey @hawkcam poor cat with the arrow... that is just too sad     (hawkcam live &gt; http://ustre.am/2f9i)
The cats laying on the sweatshirt I wanted to wear.  http://twitpic.com/7kf21
wooowww, yorkies r pretty costly .... maybe I won't be gettin one after all !!!  
I spent the weekend covered in adorable kittens. And in close proximity to their overflowing cat box. 
i'm tired and i want my monkey here. 
And i just found out that blue rabbits is closed!! 
dog sitting for two weeks, bleh all I have to eat is easy mac  eww
such a dissapointing aquarium 
@jenblower one of the kittens is excluded from kitten love 
watching almost famous with the famous mouse/snake feeding times...it makes me miss my americans 
@shannonsgoat You make me miss my goats  I wish they tweeted...
i wish my cats were lolcats 
@iKirstee lol arney is just a kitten!  it kitty fat !
still dont know what to do with my cat when i move 
I feel so bad for my doggy..she's miserably sick, shaking and all.  
i dont know whats wrong with me but i feel like crying right now...i want to go home and see my cats and sleep in my own bed 
@cstatus ew. pet stores are bad and they should all be blown to bits (w/o the animals, obv) wish your friends had done some research, smh 
a tail-less cat jumped out at me when i took the garbage out. i thought it was a rabid racoon and nearly shat myself 
can't find my cat!!! 
@_pinkpearl_   I know , even my cat is bored 
reading 'the rats' 
cubs &amp; sox rained out 
I must part with two of my kittens tonight.  
@sgtwolverine  - you'll be happy to know some other predator got the poor baby birds by the next morning. 
My cat is dying. 
so the bird will be getting a ride to a local vet if it's still alive tomorrow 
@michellechase *hugs* I've had my cat for almost 12 years and couldn't imagine what it would be like without him around. 
I ate too many buffalo wings!  wahhhhhhhhhh I'm so full
@panda951 I wouldn't not call you back 
our wagging sucked 
i have two kittens now. white and black. miu has a new child. i dunno how to named it.. any cute name for them? 2 names  for cats
I feel bad for that poor snake plushie.   He wasn't treated well.
@dotca lol congrats. rescues are the best dogs out there. both mine are. only problem is mine doesntnlike bikes or skateboards 
one of my aunts puppies died..may it rest in peace 
I'm in the doghouse big timeeeeeeeeeeee! 
sox-cubs rained out 
Just ran over a frog 
One of the kitties or both ate our tiny zebra cactus and took it out of the pot  hopefully we can save it!
@MommyMelee as an owner of two cats I am so sorry 
there's a scary thunderstorm outside and my cat left me 
Really upset about my two kittens running extremely high fevers for cats  they're @ the vet and I'm praying for them
@ohlauren What, no bunnies? 
@hyleung you went to the 3 lions?!!!!! 
I think my puppy has tapeworms  looks like i'm trying for a vet trip tomorrow.
hubs &amp; pup mets the pigs tonight - 1 of the pigs is paralyzed-drags back legs around   pup likes pigs ! we fed carrots to them
@omgpop why did you guys get rid of hamster battle?  
Please send us doggy healing vibes. At the emergency vet with my moms german shepherd 
easyJet pilot had to re-do approach/landing last night after a rabbit met its fate under a 'plane in front  Why do rabbits hang-out o ...
@nathantamayo where do you buy chcoclate cover gummi bears? I want some 
is trying to count sheep, but it's not working. 
@Vodkaslur raised by wolves 
hate sb wears fur  i love animals,i mean every animals including snakes or mouse...,it's make nature balance
I want my kitty. 
is still not happy! after tryna gain an early nihts sleep but still failin!  not a happy bunny
858 sheep and counting. 
stayed up late chasing aggressive cats away from my house. my kitty has a scratch on her nose 
@cc_monkey too bad about the distance 
@memily I'm not going either  But there's tons on at The Zoo apparently
says her mouse is spoiled. 
I'm not a happy bunny! 
@garrymunro then ban the pet shops from selling live animals  - ppl who buy from pet shops often buy trouble anyway 
I miss my fur hat 
It's raining like a cow having a pee as the French would say. 
missed whale at jack fish alley by 40 mins 
I miss my cat 
my mouse is stuffing up 
Pigeons hate humans.But they'll bide their time until they strike. meanwhile I'll clean the poo they left on top of my fridge 
i miss my bear 
@xnele and that should pep me up?  I really have to pass this exam -_-' .. &amp; suicidal cats?
1 sheeps, 2 sheeps, 3 sheeps, 653,698 sheeps....... 
Every Wed. - crows destroy neighbour's garbage, my dog brings it home to me. 
My cat just soaked me 
G monkey has the croup. 
I want a teacup chihuahua so bad but it will never happen  well at least not anytime soon sighhhh
I am sitting here talking birds with my mom  I'm sick of birds! I am praying that we get in to our little house soon!!!!!!
I love it when I am running late &amp; out the door &amp; one of my cats makes a run for it, as if I were a bad mom. 
I do not how someone can be cruel to animals. 
@gfalcone601 my cat ran away when we got a new kitten because they didn't get on 
@katamacy i'm negative again and my sister is mad at me because i didn't give my cats away 
@cami_lou I can't ever catch one...  They're too smart. I need to go in to a hunting school for dogs somewhere.
I didn't realize cats could get lung cancer 
debating whether to call humane shelter on farmer down road..chained up pony no water no food and pony can't move 
@hiabowman no just normal monkeys 
@KaizerAllen now I only have 5 cats, macan, ngicuk, coko, coki, and jazzy. The other old cats have died  one cat per year
In the vets for Millies' check up. The cat ain't happy. 
i hate how if i wear a ninja turtle tee it makes me a scene person.  so sad.
i accidently hurt my little kittens paw by closing the pantry door on him. im so sorry zachary. 
my cat gets scared during storms 
I just rolled over and killed a bird...i feel absolutely horrible...i just killed someones mother! 
@takeitgreen awww, what's wrong with his paw?  i hope he's getting better soon!
Zigs the cat @Torreviejalads, drat! you didn't win 
I won't be posting much for the next few days. I'll be hanging out with my cat sitter! 
@txtornadoef5 Maybe, but it's pretty bright in the livingroom where she usually stays with my other cat. I'm hoping she grows out of it 
@lolevo Jelllllus I want to snuggle you and the kitties  I love you
Animal rescue...you win a few, you lose a few, but losing this one bites big time. 
just removed a LSRGE mouse that was wedged between the wires of my mom's bunny cage. i'm grossed out and horrified. and sad, too 
is it bad that when tarzan kills the leopard i feel sorry for it  
@JayRathbone_ 100 monkeys + you are pretty damn awesome. too bad being a malaysian citizen means i can probably NEVER watch a gig. 
@maaikeanne if it wasn't down  I've kind of got addicted to building a facebook Zoo now though. ahaha
I think I ran over a frog... 
found my new beautiful kitten in the backyard dead 
My cat is missing   
i don't like killing creatures...but i can't deal with rodents. this is my first time having to do this 
I can't believe i already lost my turtle necklace 
says Drive by hoping everyone is having a great day!! I am way behind  Whos stayin up late with me tonight !... http://plurk.com/p/11pmu0
@sianysian omnomnom. I'm so tired. I've decided I don't care about mice. Why don't they use mini pigs for epigenetics? 
With the kitty at the pet hospital 
@owl_tn  are you getting fillings? 
@powkang I'm sorry about your kitty 
is heartbroken. I have to get rid of my kitten b/c my neighbors decided to be stupid. 
@nanda_t cos i rent a flat and it says no pets, plus i live right on a main road 
@K9Confections I've found the best method to deter rabbits is not to grow carrots.  hope you beat the bunnies though, there must be a way.
@lasiren I would be sad to not see squirrels.   I &lt;3 them!
I just saw two cows having sex. 
@FizzyDuck What do you call 2 cows ready to jump out on a pig? A: A HamBush 
@vodafoneNZ and Tearthering doesn't work  *sad panda*
i saw the cutest bunny at the pet store.. it was so bouncy and friendly..  i want it.. remind me to not go see animals if i can't buy them
 white haired cats are deaf...
- The dream is gone. I gave the cat I stole back, disinfected the house and scrubbed my skin cat-free.  
oh no the ugly cat just showed up and went to where the door used to be D: i hope he leaves before i go water the plants 
1 of the stray cats that we take care of has a stick stuck up a nostril &amp; won't let us come near to get it out. She can't eat with it in 
@emineminy My condolences.   I would have a nervous breakdown in my cat died.  I'm SO sorry! 
@MingMing21 cut me off  ..every1 write her n bark at her!!
my doggie bit my parrot 
@billbeckett I really hope that you are not a cubs fan because that would make me very very sad 
@MJthedog It's raining here.  I was outside sniffing for my bunnies and I got soaked 
Just saved a bird from my dog, but its wing is broken 
rip smokey the cat 
I was denied the bunny! 
Playing with the new kitten. I can't help getting attached to cute furry animals 
@Jenniferlaurenh I don't like it when puppies get their ears cropped either, neither babies nor puppies seem to have a choice 
So bored...  I miss my kitten... 
@ssstaceyface I know. She is such a sweet little cat. I might take her bc I love her too much to give her to a stranger 
Just went to every pet store in a ten mile radius and my snake is still hungry  helpppp
Is officially afraid of crocodiles. 
My cat defiantly just attacked my foot. Ouuuuch 
My cat is cooper. I am sad 
Now one of my cats is missing.  Animals, why do you break my heart?!
@attentionelly my turtle died... 
at the animal hospital with @zhulius and my cat rajah 
why can't we keep the kitten 
hahaha watching kung fu panda &lt;3 my dog had 4 puppies - only one made it 
 my balloon animal just popped
 those raptors are scary looking
I really want a kitten of my own 
.....I'm secretly trying to save the cats from next door because i am fed up with the abuse they go through 
my cat scratched me! 
@Chelleh It's not a gift horse.. 
i miss my animals 
I just read about a pet serial killer 
my cat is not so sure about this kitten so far. hope he stops thinking the kitten is an enemy soon. 
@trekkerguy What's wrong with PETA?  lolol
@caryann411 tennessee too...  I'm calling about a corgi/german shepherd mix in the morning though!
@MichelleMu I was disappointed I didn't get any sheep. 
daughter's going to send pics of an adorable ape at the zoo today. i don't like them being caged up like they are. 
My new mouse doesn't work. 
@emilydilorenzo i want a snuggle bunny too 
http://twitpic.com/7ooo8 - this one makes me cry. the ape is holding his stomach and vomitting.  both apes were doing this.
found a kitty so i named it meiko and now i really, really want to keep it!!! but i can't 
The trainers just brought out a box of mice for rehearsal tonight, but this is a bird / hawk show... I wonder about the fate of the mice. 
I'm reallythinking about croc heels..but it might rain 
one of my pet rats died 
@cstatus missing was the prey so the cat didn't play? 
The cat made me itch again.... 
@tielure do you know that they chain the elephants when there is music in the pdx zoo?  
Awwww my cory cat fish died  i have had him for almost exactly a year
@TheRealLacey ditto... minus the cat though 
@marinajacquelyn  I wanted a owl.
My 16 year old cat has gone to the great litter tray in the sky 
@frankantonio ps sorry about ur cat  http://myloc.me/4fhZ
i want a cat! 
My hamster escaped and was caught by the cat 
@foodeater it was good, but be warned there's some ugly animal violence, and lots of ear surgery.  
These ASPCA commercials make me wanna cry  ahww where's molly I need a hug from a fuzzy face ...
(@pupiartist) These ASPCA commercials make me wanna cry  ahww where's molly I need a hug from a fuzzy face ...
Listening to as tall as lions while I cough myself to sleep  sad lonely and sick. Yay! G'night http://myloc.me/4fqx
almost got mauled by a raccoon  they are not cute like in animes irl
@LeighAnnMol my kitten has the flu, coughing and sneezing! so hearbreaking  he's going to the vet this evening
My kitties won't cuddle 
@caaarmen no but black kitties gone 
i like how @sheldoncooper 's momma calls him shelly. it's real cute and i'm fucking tired. holy shit..... i want a luminous fish  if only
And oh shit, I just scared mommy pigeon away from her nest accidently 
@austinbello http://twitpic.com/7ox0h - Fish are friends not food! PETA PETA PETA PETA! Jk lol. But really. Poor fishy 
I need my cats here. 
I cant sleep becuase i hear annoying chirping birds outside........ 
im all alone  well there is bud, my mini fox terrier, and he usually just wants to go for walks or play fetch .. bit wet for both of those
http://twitpic.com/7p0w5 - I want a lovebird 
@artisastate i wish you were here  im sad panda.
walking like 3 blind mice 
Is in bed feeling as rough as a bears bum 
i hate it.. :| i only have 45 [ i think ] friendsin pet society 
My elephants are still wet 
@miss_melbourne I'd be so bummed out if my partner is allergic to my cats 
@benji_mouse I don't have an ungrade yet 
@maggiephilbin they use leprechauns for posties....and they have quite a few 
@phoenix4725 i should be more worried about my cat seeing as i nearly landed on him but......spilt tea 
tried to communicate with some cats here. Unfortunately, my 'meowmeowing' was not good enough. 
@tommcfly think you should give me 1 of your cats as a replacement  not that she could ever be replaced
I just got shat on by a pigeon 
Its raining felines and canines outside I miss the sun 
I have to take the pig out of my locker 
My offfice looks out over a beautiful woodland full of birds, other little critters and a jcb tearing it all down!! UNBELIVABLE..!!!  
i'm guilty of neglecting my guinea pigs, will go feed them now 
deciding if I should turn my employer into PETA or not. 
woke up at 8 because of birds?.. ahh 
@IfThisIsHate is the kitty really dying?! I'm sad. 
@Firefly2020 that is logical, bet they enjoy it too!! Too many good horses messed up from being broken too early. Minds and bodies. 
@tiptoetoo Our 9-y-o greyhound is allergic to everything &amp; got into the other dogs' food=diarrhea; goopy ears; itchy (then bleeding) toes 
@junomagic &gt;.&lt; yes, I can commiserate. I just finished pet-sitting for a friend whose cat suffered from diarrhea. 
made a quit exit from island creamery. i love pets, i do but i think some owners are just plain inconsiderate 
had a blast at the zoo yesterday... ready to take her to indy zoo now!! She was bummed about not seeing dolphins 
just found a dead cat 
Yet another one of those mornings where it's hard not to look like a drowned rat 
@dylan_trees  Can I get a new kitten pic?
skunk got into the chicken coop last night got one of the chickens   yes  the skunks dead my gosh it smells bad!
I accidentally smooshed a tiny frog when rolling my trash bin to the curb 
is not a happy bunny 
@TheCraigBass I don't have internet right now  I'm a sad panda
Waking up is so much harder when it's raining and you're wearing the duck jammies 
missing my kitty     where are you? *sad*
PETA raising a flap over Pres. Obama's swatting a fly, they want him to use more humane remedy.  PETA ought not come to my house 
Really PETA? this definitely would have made seth's weekend update...if only they didnt have off all summer... 
i miss archie, i really want him back. it feels weird not having a cat passed out on my bed 
@maximus_pug I got it! But I lost it   I snurffled it &amp; it smelled good!  But I left it just  one minute and MissyLu stole it!
One of my cats is shedding like crazy - dark furniture, white cat, ooh the *joy* of vacuuming 
is wondering who would be so cruel as to cut off her cat's whiskers 
what is the best way to keep animals out of the garden without a fence?  I really need suggestions? the bunnies are having a hayday 
O_oThere was a hedgehog in my garden today but my dog kept backing at it so it put up its spikes and walked away.I was going to name him 
O_oThere was a hedgehog in my garden today but my dog kept barking at it so it put up its spikes and walked away.I was going to name him 
I love my cat @LillyTheMeow, but I feel really guilty when I run out of canned food for her like tonight.  I'm sorry schatz &lt;333
It is rainin cats n dogs out here brooklyn.. I hav no umbrella  im soaked
@trx0x Cats are not popular around these parts. Especially the neighbors' cats who think my vegetable beds are their toilets. 
@dougiemcfly   ring dave!! or the lizards are goin back to the shop.!!  this is from your poor neglected mother goose 
So sad ... I just witnessed the death of a turtle in my back yard.  I tried to save him from the dog but I was a few seconds too late.  
the as tall as lions cd can't come soon enough! 
missing kitty  where are you? *sad*
wow, so much PETA hate.  people: chill!!!
@ItsTimCox bunny...  those are my favorite animals!!!!! 
My cousins rabbit died!!! 
No, I don't really have sea monkeys, I never have either! I really wish I had some  x
the zoo was amazing minus the giraffes were in there barn and i couldnt feed them 
@allthatglitrs21 don't you feel bad for the innocent lambs that are skinned for those purses? 
@northernsweetie wow, poor ducky 
@Prettymek cuz I like cats. It didn't start as 4  only adopted 2 kittens, then they mated now I need to gt em all snipped and clipped.
just one more eyeball 2 make for amigurumi frog but have 2 feed menagerie 1st frog will have to wait 
my poor puppy got stung by a bee on her foot.  so saddddddddd. ahh.
@AlisonRoseK haha &lt;3, I just discovered I'm going to need to get more cats. I'm going to be the old man who lives with his cats 
my cat is outside 
i seriously just got attached to the cute doggy. were givin him to the pound 
@__mares__ hey to you been here and there but not green lol why walking to work? 
@pappup I would adopt them all, but 1) I have no yard and 2) my kitties, @PuffyandLily might not approve  arf!
for a small cat she has very sharp claws. its so out of character for her too ! 
@SamanthaJFox so sad your pet rat died!  
I miss seeing my guinea pig everyday. 
Animal cruelty!  (windows are down, but still) http://twitpic.com/7r0s0
@gman5541 it's not that I hate pit bulls, I'm just bummed the other dogs must suffer bc of them. 
@gfalcone601 aaw, c'mon, your cats are the cutest, where do you find them? haha i want one too 
@gfalcone601 awwwww! that picture is adorable!! wish i was allowed a kitten! i had a hamster but it died last weeek!  xxx
@gfalcone601 gio, i think marvin is the cuttest cat in the world! i had a orange cat like marvin, but he fled last week..  xxx
There is a chance my neighbor caught and got rid of my cats, hope I am wrong, but I haven't seen them lately 
My cat hates me. 
It always sux to bury a pet..  rip hunter
@squirrel_boy if we ever found the balls in the bushes   
@writesfortea my feed isn't working  *cuddles*
@MikeBallantyne damn! I was just running there.  I didn't see any whales 
Has a kitty that is not well 
The bears can smell the menstruation. 
Popoki, my cat, is sick with virus. She has to stay overnight at the vet's,  trying to determine what is wrong so she can get treated. 
Zoo sucked,  but the bus ride was fun! Haha. tv, bed, part stuff.
http://twitpic.com/7rh7v - We found a stray pup but then his fam came to claim him  cutie though
Wishing I could find the guy that was walking with his twin puppies..i lost him bcuz he had to pick up his doggies poop! lol   i miss u!
Ugh it just got depressing... I miss my ferret and I wish she would have been nicer 
Breaks my heart to see stray kittens sitting by someone's house. 
I don't like hearing the birds, its an indicator that I should be asleep, but I can't 
So...He ran off because these little birds trampled him...  
please pray for my dog @mileycyrus @ddlovato she is dieing she is a brown lab im crying just tweeting about it  i will miss her xo kolbi
So mad that 100 monkeys played and I didn't know 
Tumour cat died 
.@tsand Didn't make mine though.  But I do have the lovely butter cow from @IowaStateFair!
my hermit crabs have died  so sad
My elephants don't smell like me anymore 
If we move, what will happen to my cats? 
My cat is addicted to concentrate juice 
#inaperfectworld : My kitty cats would live as long as I do 
I have to go nowww  boa noite twittss!
My tiger is not happy with me! 
We tried to feed the deer, but the moose stole all our food. 
@lizard_princess no  pretty much no apts here allow pets - a few cats maybe but I didn't find ANY that allow dogs.
@like_torches better be taking good care of the giraffe because i miss it 
@Jessimikaaaa haha, yeah. understandable. I don't think there are any zoos around here with kangaroos at them 
I wish PETA would go away. They euthanize cats and dogs and think it's ok since it's under their control.   They're hypocrites.
@enjoyyourbunny i think they do. they look so sad in their wittle animal eyes 
 looking at kitties that need to be adopted. they're so cute! www.petfinder.com. adopt from a shelter! spay and neuter!
watching lady &amp; the tramp. makes me want a puppy 
@SeeJustWhereIAm I'm worried it may all backfire, and then people will think actual kittens are not cute, because of sea kittens... 
a bird just got stuck in my room and pretty much lost all its feathers trying to get out 
screamed like bloody mary. i was in the garage thinking 'wow i'm not scared', &amp; this gray animal comes up to me &amp; i think it touched me 
Missing monkey 
I found out my kitten died. 
@JadinShropshire doggy threw up. no time for frivolous hip hop chatter. i got carpet to clean and a puppy tummy to rub 
I love my new pet moth, even if i know he's going to die soon  http://tinyurl.com/nllrth
PETA reminder PETA ppl everytime U take a shower ur killing millions of bugs  awww    ah shnap!!
@Brutus626 no I don't  I wish!
I feel like a beached whale still 
Aww they aren't open yet... Makes me a sad panda 
Checkerd flags waving: ladies &amp; gents start ur engines; Tigger's cat raceway is open (because I'm ready to go back to bed). 
Now it's just getting annoying. I want to sleep!  One sheep two sheep three sheep...
I don't really jump like a penguin 
far out ! craving gummi bears..to be exact .. red gummi bears  !
Up at 4:39 am making rice for my dog, her tummy is not feeling well  &gt;.&lt;
my cat is missing !!! 
@bushontheradio me too, my boy cat has been missing for a week 
I always have such great expectations for pugs. And I'm -almost- always let down. 
we're missing one semi-stray kitty... ooohhh... hope he is ok wherever he is... 
http://pic.gd/e09670 willow fell.  shed &amp; dog are underneath.  
@Orchidflower we used to be terrified cos her dog always used to go under her chair when it was up &amp; sometimes got caught in it! 
my head hurts..  a cat woke me up.. last time i checked, i didnt have any pets?
Just finished the post. The duck has gone and some other bird has broken its eggs 
@zeddessarts I'd love to have some chickens here, but I think the feral cats would be a problem 
I can hear puppy yelps along the hallway on our floor. I miss Snoopy 
my cat is sitting at my door scratching to get out but I cbf getting up to let her out im to warm but I guess ill have to 
rt: @thisgirlelle Anyone in #oc want 2 adopt some kittens? A friend found some strays &amp; they will b euth if she takes them 2 a shelter. 
@Courageous_one  Ah thats a downer about apartments no pets 
@WendyRosenfield looking for info on turtle incident; can't find; got any? very curious.  just lost our 33 yr old tortoise  at work 
@ponyy well thenz pony, I'm afraid it is ova between us. 
@downrighteerie I took pictures of me with snakes! But they don't look that great, so I'll probably be using a non-snake one. 
I love my bunny, but he stinks of bunny pee 
my cats got worms  Now I have 2sanitize everything &amp; give them medicine, which is not fun at all.
Just drove by a dead bunny.  bad omen?
@Bappado yes I c u but my ducky didn't quack 
lookong for my cat.... her kind of ran away... nowhere to be seen 
@ebunoluwa hopefully that zoo is photoshopped.  I went to a Chinese zoo with pandas in a tiny concrete cage w/ bamboo painted on the wall 
 Misses 8 out of 10 cats tonigggght
Our turtle escaped!! Gaahh! 
looking for my cat.... he kind of ran away... nowhere to be seen 
could not find the lion king 
@davejmatthews the little birdies miss our big bird. 
@TyrantKay I misses you.   sad panda
I want that black kitten at the humane society... I haven't been able to stop thinking about it. 
@debiguity That fawn story is ridiculous!!! 
bull frog sound is leaving but now the hubby is starting to bark 
@sosayssarah http://twitpic.com/7t7bq - i refused to disect the frog and pig in school. it's sad 
@manx_cat No. 
is still trying to figure this out and its still not working  hehe...ox
My cat just died 
@Jozz_WildChild yey!!! I miss my old cat!!  won't be able to have one for at least another two years, gutted!
We had to leave the cat at the vet for surgery.  He has a hole in his rear end that need to be repaired.  
Ah my poor cat has just had a massive abscess burst on his neck. he looks ill  we have snipped off loads of his fur too.
my poor little  baby (dog) has hives  they were fertilizing the grass yesterday &amp; we think he had a reaction to that.
burying rabbits, this is not funny 
Raining cats and dogs outside all day and I lost my umbrella yesterday.  
@3nalicious Lol hate that I was at the zoo! It was great.  so tired now tho! 
My other cat jumped off the balcony and ran away 
cubs rain delay 
I feel sorry for my cat now, she's really exhausted.  And this isn't even the last of it, there's still one more in there. 4 currently out
My fish died. I'm a bad mom. Now I will never get a puppy! 
#inaperfectworld muh bunny wabbit wouldn't have been eaten by another animal 
My dwarf rabbit pee'd on me! 
new mission: EXAMS! [p.s love my cat  ]
please pray for my dog @mileycyrus @ddlovato she is dieing she is a brown lab im crying just tweeting about it  i will miss her dearly
I sad faced kitty 
Whiskers (my hamster) died today 
right off to watch 8 out of 10 cats...with a grumpy husband who just wont chill 
@BloodzillaBilly the cat food is for your cat though right? haha. i want to paint now but my paints are at home 
My mum was more interested in the cat than going through my script with me. :O 
@thedeezy yup i have four doggies, two chihuahuas, one yorkie and one maltese, but they don't live with me  they're at my parents house.
 my puppy found a rat and she dragged it to the back door..
My cat's mad at me, we ran out of his favourite food so he is reluctantly eating dried, he'll probably retaliate by bringing in a rabbit 
I miss being associated with Tinkerbell. 
I'm having a puppy boom right now 
http://twitpic.com/7uccr Is it crazy to say that I miss these pups? 
My bunny died 
I'm sick!!!!!!  ughhh some bull...
my poor dog has had a tough week. and now he has a spider bite 
kitties in my neighbors yard! little fluffy babies! I want one but my dog would chew on their necks 
I almost killed a duck just now 
@mareodomo how broken?  i'm trying to get leopard back tonight.
Still thinkin about that squirrel from earlier! 
why do the mice torture me?  
I want to be a lizard too 
Oh i forgot! I saw a tiny puppy almost get engulfed by a pit bull. saddest thing ever 
@mroesch  That's never fun. We've had to bury many a cat in our yard too.
dead fish. 
i'll tell you what i'm NOT doing- i'm NOT at comerica watching the tigers as planned... 
Thinking about the baby bird eyes that were glaring at me when I cracked the sparrow egg while cleaning out the next in the dryer vent 
finally has her cat back, but he's still sick 
@heabner that cat on kappel that was ran over 
@DarrenKramer8 Smores are living, breathing creatures.   How could you? 
@michaelkwan I don't have a ball D: they didn't have it where I got the teddy bear hamster 
@ms_monica_  awww.. poor kitty. even tho im not a fan of cats don't wanna see them dead 
I just came soo close to hitting a bunny  I'm glad I saw him. I would have cried..
@AmandaThibault the one where hulk cries. i cried at the part when they're on the boat looking at the dogs and brooke cries.... so sad 
@mrssisco Haha i like your cats, they are beautiful.. i want it a siamese but my mom didnt let me, so now im having a bird 
I ruined the mac and cheese...  so im making it up with take out conejitos.  been a fucked up 24 hours. poor coyote and duck 
I'm pretty sure my cat was just raped 
@kherronnn  noooo!!!!!! ily. why so blue panda bear?!
My rabbit just died, right in my arms, while I was giving her a bath  I'll miss her...
@UzimaCollective no I have 2 new puppies so I gotta stick close to the crib until they are potty trained. 
...but missing my pups 
@eratyptin i would adopt all of the doggies if i could 
I have a really sick ferret, I'm so scared 
Wow the hogs got their --- kicked!!!  
listening to white horse 
had a greeaatttt day! sept my beby gurl got fired   Whos goin to akon next friday? hit me up!
I heard kittens but I couldn't find them 
@katiedidwhat at least he's a mixed breed, so he has that going for him. of course, the mix is shepherd/rottweiler... 
I have crazy ppl staring at me  and then the cat ran away.
watching whale wars  stupid ppl who r killing the whales
@ddlovato i feel bad for the whales. 
i can't believe the lion died 
Many thanks to the cat for a 6am wake up call. So appreciated after 3 hours sleep  note to evolution, teach cats to open tins and doors
@hawaii   they only post some photos of dogs and no cats... 
it's raining cats and dogs, and the forecast does not look much brighter. 
these damn commercials about abandoned animals. they make me want to go get all the animals at the local SPCA! 
ahhhh i almost just hit a possum!  it was cute!
@chipperlove do not cry, my dear ralphie  you make me a sad kitty!
  I want a freaking puppy now! A cute little black yorkshire terrier.
i miss my cat 
worried about my missing cat  not like her to disappear...
i'm missing the zoo 
1 of my cats just died   i'll miss you georgie
my cat is far too skinny.   to the vet tomorrow, but for now, listening to the rain and post-clubbers after chinese food.
@FinchenSnail i dreamt that i've killed my bunny ! 
i miss my cats 
I cant see my Fluffy.  &lt;15 in 1 day!!&gt;
#iremember wet n wild!!! 
/ saw a seal eat a penguin at natgeo 
why am I allergic to my guinea pigs?? 
I want a cat 
 boredddd, but I'm going shopping so lifes gooood. but I can't find my cat. *sniffs*
wishes to have a new goldfish *Bubbly my goldfish just died a while ago*  :'-( http://plurk.com/p/12eutn
i have far too many teddy bears, i think i'm going to have to get rid of some 
ive just seen a dead deer 
I'm the monkey in the middle of this 
Off to bed, up nice 'n early tomorrow to enjoy (NOT) packing and cleaning away the winter solstice, and then put our cats in the cattery 
No more flea,too late already 
My remaining hens were slaughtered my foxes last night. No more free range eggs 
@masterofwok are you in rome already?  bring panda
listeing to brokeNCYDE and talking to nathan and beau had a dead bird 
dog I want to adopt  http://sml.vg/1XTxC2
My yardsale rained out and the cat is biting my foot 
PETA makes us vegetarians sound like complete nutcases.  They do so much damage to this wonderful cause.
is becoming a black sheep...again. 
Just saw a kitten getting squished on the M1 
not looking good for the british lions 
Just hit and ran over a bird 
watchin lions get humped 
fighting the lizard battle.... 
one of the bunnies is standing on their little castle trying to get out of his cage  so sad omg
is very very very sad because her parrot is dead.... 
This is embarrasing.  #rugby #lions
pet sitting- it's what you do when you cant go on vacation  2 dogs, 2 birds, 6 six fish, and 2 hamsters. zoooooo!
@SoulIsTheGoal I wants a ferret 
@Butterose my cat and my husband. no pics yet, sorry 
Sadly it seems I was very wrong on my lions prediction. We've been outclassed. 
lions rugby isn't tho 
my cat ran away. actually my husband throw her out. 
i can't go to the zoo 
@mjpearly  why did you have to go off and make me a sad panda?
It's raining here.  three horses to ride.
omgahhh my cat's been stuck in closet for god knows how long ! 
Oh, she just ran over a squirrel. 
its raining cats and dogs and I don't have an umbrella 
re seagulls in 'nemo'; they are saying 'mine'.  saw a sparrow hawk being mugged by swifts earlier. no birds now: nice weather for ducks 
Not fun to be woken up by cat attacking and eating your arm 
Just came to the realization that I so want another cat, I miss my old one 
@tfunnn ill pray for your cat 
@thatcomputerguy I miss my chickens  Especially my lil black silkie Sooty
oh that's just great, I killed the tape  Bambi then?
No whale watching trip today because of bad weather  I just wanted to see some otters and whales and dolphins and sea goats  @willidiots
my brother finally shot a bird.... i think his wing is broken!  i  feel like crying!      i feel so bad for the bird!
my cat has gotten so fat he does not fit in my lap anymore. He is looking up at me all pissed b/c he can't get comfortable so sad 
I just saw a dead kitty on the street. 
just got attacked by a squirrel 
robin hood was very sad 
at the zoo! flamingos smell like urine 
@kevinii: I fail at toy story  I'm always like..the beaver level.
@lyricals awww,wish i was there   *alligator tears*
Noooooooooo!!!! I just ran over a squirrel 
so bummed out..just ran over a turtle 
Working like a cow 
xp'ing in lineage 2 at work, but worried about my guinea pig 
fighting with my weedeater and loosing. I feel like Snoopy when he battled the lawn chair.  
Missing kitty isnt at the humane society..... 
My cat is acting too much like a cat now (constant sleeping), I'm extremely worried about her, but I have to go to work now 
http://twitpic.com/7xljr - found a sick abandoned cat in my yard....feedin him milk and tryin to find a pet hospital 
@thethreebees i always liked your bunny, too 
a little late on a boston terrier 
@reverielarke cheers! sadly not my kitten 
At panda express all by myself 
you have no idea... i went uo a mountain and I found a snake and a tarantula... i'm arachnophobic 
@Equestrian90 ooc: Aw.  I dropped a guinea pig once. That was...interesting.
damn the cubs won 
almost hit a turtle so i went to rescue it, and it was a snapping turtle. 
@__silvita__  i'm very sorry !!for your cat!! 
@ emergency clinic w/cat We might lose him 
@bekasaur i've told her too, i want my kitty  and yep, deleted ahah.
I am not eye candy for cougars 
I just hit a bird! I killed it! 
I've been accused of cougar-like behavior on my own blog   I promise, I'll never become a cougar. http://bit.ly/ViSFO
well the dogs had enough of the music....shame the humans still want to dance   http://sml.vg/xwWmh3
where did my sexy fox go 
@mommywantsvodka that you can do for it.  I had that happened and then I cried and had a funeral for the bird.    xoxo
@SAdannyfan see i am getting blamed again lol always blames the monkey 
holy shit a cat just got ran over.... poor cat 
@endless_highway my cat always did that... then he ran away when i moved to georgia.. haha. 
i thought u loved my cat @mkortsep?? 
@pitbull_fan76 so she comes down square on all 4 paws but that leaves 30 out of 100 times she could hurt herself 
@kirsty1181 I want a kitten  lol
@pantherapardus a z-pack???     has all the effectiness of rat poison for me. 
watching fox and the hound  haha yah @maymay10293 she was bein cute so i took a pic
@cat_eyed_fox i know but i told her i would watch it with her.  fml
ASPCA needs to stop sendin me shit. I dnt have n e more moneyz to give to the kitties n doggies 
my cat just scratched the crap out of my arm,and it won't stop bleeding,its like a 8 inch scratch 
@enobytes howlo! woof thanx fur your reply. i so appawreciate it. feel sad fur lost deaf rescue dog. such a sad combo of circumstances. 
@heiligeharmonie I was a pleased puppy. I came back to spammers needing deleted and signature wtfery.   
@glitteryglossy your hamster died? 
My neighbor's cats are such dicks. One killed a baby bunny in our yard and the other won't let me pet it. It's so fluffy but growls at me 
grr so angry the geelong match is only being shown on fox 
@GeminiTwisted connection is slow tonight....cat knocked the wireless router off the desk and broke the antennae.   grrr  fuckin' cats!!
i want a new kitty 
@ELLEohhELLExxx  nooo! do they come down the cat walk at all?!
has search for many websites looking for hamsters but she cant seems to find a suitable hamster for her  http://plurk.com/p/12lgtl
also, while i was freaking out, i think my cat ate it. 
hates this. can't play pet soc.  http://plurk.com/p/12llm1
@settingjoey and I just went to ralphs and my cougar wasn't there 
I really need to sleep, but i can't  i need a teddy bear !
one of my birds dying 
Guess who's enjoying a slap-up breakfast on the new squirrel-proof feeder this morning... yep, our resident contortionist grey squirrel  
@oanhLove oh no  outdoors are too dangerous for cats like dopey and boo.
Also I miss my kitty  at least I got to visit him tonight.
My pups needs to go outside so I need to get up. 
I miss my kitty. hope she's doing well at that kennel 
theres a fucling bird outside me window  i ccan't sleep
urgh have to clean hamster cage today 
I am looking at pictures of border collies on the web.  I want a puppy!!
@ConfuciusCat What about us tigers?  We can't purr! 
@misrule_au So sorry about your cat 
my cat scrats me and it hurts 
@mikecheck1_2 our #meerkat meerkat attempt doesnt seem to be working 
I really don't want to have to get a cone for my cat 
aw have to go clean the hamster cage now 
is ill so is missing the zoo 
Just had to separate my guinea pig and my rabbit, and clean up blood. Not happy 
i wish i could save all the strays  . i hate seeing animals with no homes . so sad...
I'm kind of depressed that the #meerkats haven't event made an impact. I do love a good meerkat 
Apparently when i draw a fox it comes out looking like a terrible hybrid of a fox, dog, wolf and road kill 
Just waking up from a mid-morning nap. The big black fluffy cat scares me. She hisses at me whenever she sees me 
I want my cat back and I so sore from the accident now 
ahh! my poor kitty was somehow outside gettin chased by a mean cat! just got back from looking for her! she was so scared! 
I am not poorly sick like @loobydo but I am not a happy bunny - I ache 
i keep forgeting about my histor yassiment it almost makes me cry and my cat is really unwell     
I'm so worried, my female cat hasn't come home in 4 days... She has NEVER done that. I think my kitty passed away  *cries*
I just ran over a chipmunk 
i kept having dreams with Cujo in them. felt so real to. and i woke up, and it felt like he was laying beside me. but he wasnt 
raining cats and dogs! i better turn off my pc 
My cat is sleeping on the couch. I want to play with it! I am so sad 
Just brought a turtle ...pretty sure it hates me though  damn damn damn
@astaldoia I'd say the same about women but pets cannot cook, do the laudry and mop the floor. 
@wildbluebug I've been looking for birds all week and didn't find any and my husband wouldn't do the chicken dance!  
pet society won't load 
so there I was right... about to just tear it up when all of a sudden I woke up and the puppy petting festival was gone...  rofl
just caught and disposed of a mouse  eeeeekk
@twinkiechan also lion brand snapdragon. the coolest green ever.    
Shit I just ran over a squirrel or rabbit. I feel so bad. 
I think supporting PETA might be a deal-breaker. 
Seeing roadkill has come to really bum me out. Even if it's some random animal like a possum and not a pet. What a shitty way to go. 
 ferrets are much cooler than fishes.
 just been taken into a pet shop with @staceynoir tarantulas and mini crocodiles, ah quite scared. But i want a bearded dragon.
i need my brain tmr but i can't sleep  one sheep, two sheep . . . - http://tweet.sg
@alyssatwomey I thought all lobsters were red....like the little mermaid??? 
my cow just died. too sad 
I was just told i walk like a duck 
I haate birds so much ! And now we have one.. 
@pameladetlor I'm sorry about your kitties.  I hope the one at the vet recovers.
@jennaysupafly @InDueTime I would feel way too bad if I killed an animal  unless it was an alligator. They aren't animals. They're demons
A bird pooped on me @ the zooo.....  fml!!
@mares726 what? 
@jpvaldes aww dang bunny, i miss getting crunk with you 
@jbigga birds are chasing the shizzz outta me! 
gave up my cat necko 
The pussycat dolls are gOing to split!!!!!  
@MeSoDC ROTFLMMFAO!!! don't come for my kitten... cat... well theres no way to say that un-homo 
earthquakes in alaska usually mean tsunamis here, should i walk the dog further up the mtn? i can't swim  at least we are bayside!
4 dead birds got vaccuumed up 
my cat has gone away 
Reading my Animal ecology script. 90 pages 
I think I'm done with driving for the day... I've hit 2 birds and a squirrel 
@edwardli i like the badgers rise 
scared for my yorkie 
@xxFolieADeuxx loll aw no not the kittens 
thinks the local foxes just chased the cats indoors again, our cats are lovers not fighters, one of them is hiding under the bed 
@jlrinella mooch is one of our cats 
@Banette_ i don't know, I love humans. I thought he would be better with me there 
no i just wanted to sit and smoke with you in the club that's why i'm bummed poop 
Two birds out of the nest 
it was very sad  it was a sweet cat ! i hope it was not the cat of a child !
My f-ing cat decided to pop out a kitten, have to go get a bottle and formula 
Me and my mazda just played a game of chicken with a pigeon....we lost.  
i wanna go to the Zoo 
Accidently just ran over a badger or hedgehog   rubbish
we can add celery to Piglet's allergy list.  she shows mild hives and wheezing after having a piece of celery at 3pm 
the vet said that, my cat Gizmo, is in the last period of her life, and that the weeks of her life are now numbered...      
@sockstar oh, and yes it's the ones saying ex-urgent but wow, it looks full there. lots of mama dogs &amp; cats w/babies too 
@limburger2001 Dogpiles just doesn't sound right...I think of either poop, or puppy-haemoroids 
rest in peace gigs  you were the best pet
I miss my Toodloo bear! 
missing my moose loads  x
Just seen a dead rabbit 
awww the cat next door was locked out of his apt hes sadly meowing 
everybody keep talking about the chicken , how about the iguana ? 
@beka_pink #otters indeed! I didn't get a #baconcascade and have no #otters either 
my cat is going to die!!   
@jennatow i hope so! she's lonely @ my parent's. she tries to play w/ 2 of the cats but they just run away and hiss. 
my male kitten is eating so fast that it makes him sick. Any ingenious ideas to slow him down? 
's lion charm is lost from her animal char bracelet  and lions are my favourite. Phfsh.
... I'm a really sad panda and now I really just want to go home 
So many missing pets signs it makes me sad. I want to find them. 
SO SAD the Sprnger Spaniel pup died in the semi-explosion on I-95...and the second pup is still missing  
the boat i made for my cat  it was meant to be 3D  though the cardboard was too flimsy!  http://tinyurl.com/nxlevy
@1capplegate wow those are some sad looking cats! 
head ache. :\ I want a ginger tabby kitten, and a ragdoll kitten.   aha
@radioamy I think you should do it. Think about those poor kittens. 
@rosaboots i dont know i need newspaper for tiger lilly tho 
would rather be making creatures! 
worried about my kitty 
Missing my beautiful brainless sheltie. 
horses!!! Why do the police on campus have horses? Why do they need horses? i want a horsey  not really, they smell funny
's duckies are all disappeared. 
Animal kingdom is cool and all but i haven't found a comfortable seat all day.  oh well. At petting zoo with goats and donkeys.
I want to kill the owl who hurt my chipper 
peter, our pet mouse LOVES butterscotch. &lt;3 and he shitted all over his room. 
@Xensin what's wrong with more kitties? 
@chikkilala Whos boat were you on?? and why was i not invited 
Wonders what happened to his bird 
@DebbieFletcher My dog ate the remote control too... now i have to get up of the sofa to change channels  hahaha
@mediocre_mum I like cats 
@labenda I'm so sorry! It is terrible to lose a pet-they are family members 
@Skibble oh yes not good for pets eh   i wish my budgie would get in her bath i may have to spray her lol  how many dogs?
I ran over a turtle in the driveway. I crushed him 
@DerrickJWyatt I thought it was going to be a funny cat video. 
my cat's missing 
I'm worried about my cat. She's 14, and she's been acting listless for a couple of mos now. She's losing weight even tho she's eating. 
www.mydrunktexts.com/view/s/3410 Do chickens have ear? we just dont know 
www.mydrunktexts.com/view/s/3410 Do chickens have ear? we just dont know 
@pameladetlor So they don't know why he's sick?  poor kitty!
omg just ran over a bunny rabbit at 70mph on the a14.  x
@tommcfly Does your cat snore during he plays? i'm afraid. my cat has a problem, i think!! he can't stop snore all the time 
@thisismychill hrmm I think I may be going to tavern? Poooo  I don't think I'm going but have fun with megan fox ;)
gotta take my cat a bath 
can't find the fawn. 
@dontforgetchaos 4 if you include the grass! But no, don't want my bunnies eated  fox can have that cat though, he's a terrorising bugger!
@aislynngrey what about lemurs  lol
@thedailydish How fun! Wish I could come down  I love watching the crazy monkeys that swing around!
crying and missing my jinx. he was such a good cat, he didn't deserve to go  i can't believe he's really gone.
going to find my cat. havent seen him all morning 
Missing her piper kitty and little brover 
Just hit a bunny 
@chelsea_pacheco are you gonna eat the little harmless, innocent animals?  haha nah fish are food not friends.
My cat just winked at me. I don't know how to wink, so i can't wink back 
apparently giselle got kitty acne on her chin while i was gone.  it looks so sad and gross. my poor cat will never be well.
my guinea might die   im very sad
@__mares__ yeah.   
@jeff419 :-O I didn't know turtles ate meat. I had a pet turtle and it ate cabbage and lettuce. 
jonesy, our juvenile rooster, is not doing well. I'm torn on going to extraordinary lengths considering I didn't want another rooster. 
@longhorn_chyck 
who killed @robineccles?!! I wanted to take my shot   #spyring27 #zombieninja #puma
my cat is really sick 
feeding a cat at work its so sad to see animals roaming the streets wit no food 
@maxaxe Killed by a tom cat.. 
@JoieElectric but I am sorry that you feel like poop. 
I want a russian blue dumbo pet rat! 
Its so sad that my cat doesn't fight me when I have to give her her inhaler...she knows it makes her better 
@taylornoelle, mee too! channel 3 sacramento turned black when conan held that cheetah cat on his shoulders. 
seems like every1 has some1 but me...im a sad panda 
should go out instead of painting birds 
If you see 3 dead raccoons on 675....my fault... 
Just hit a possum! Eeeekkk! 
@MatthewHankins hit a coyote 
@JamesRandom is 12 monkeys good? i fucking forgot to record it 
Ngamecave isn't following me. Makes me a sad panda 
He was like a Labrador of the water world. I buried him under the hydrangea 
Oh realy i had a cat, he was ginger, well he was black but he died four myears ago 
my doggies missing 
I want to ride a horse 
I soo want a Westie puppy... 
Just saw a dead fox 
@stuartpturner not sure I like the monkey 
What is wrong with me honestly? Now even the birds are awake. I'm trying so hard to focus on sleeping, yet I'm failing miserably. 
EEEER at mum. She's blamming me for what exactly? I PUT all the stuff away except for the kitty litter!! 
bonfire in the woods! jin you should have come!   no teddy bears found lol
@officialpeta, is it true that in the reunion island (madagascar) they use cats and dogs as bait for fishing sharks?   shady.
Just woke up to find our shark died 
#hobart i've lost 2 dogs in the vicinity of rokeby, big black one, small white one 
i've dropped killer off at the vet for spaying and now i feel totally alone 
@SuperKaylo where is the monkey island interview I can not find it  http://myloc.me/5zQG
tired of cutting cats every day. poor kitty's 
i shouldn't have trusted my monkeys   the bloons killed me 
@justads count sheep? you should always have sleeping tablets for these emergencies 
@derrickkendall that is if i'm not busy murdering ginger....i heard what you think of our pet skills 
@natashaloo duck~! not fair  i want duck
The campers getting up and someone a toy snake in my bed not cool at all 
I think my kitty cat knows I'm leaving her, she laid on my lap for a cuddle and then didn't want to get up aww 
Now has tortoises in his apartment, why couldn't he get trading turtles instead 
And all the horses have small cuts on there hawks 
transformers was awesome. but not enough megan fox fap material  hahhahahahaha
Walking pooches....some daft bat is firing a gun, my babies are scared 
says aw...i'm not happy with my bumblebee toy.  http://plurk.com/p/13wj77
At the hospital for my cat scan and xrays. 
so i had to put the dead cockatiel in the fridge.. and when i opened the door i discovered 8 other little dead birds  
@needlegstostand my polar bear has heatstroke 
I want to post lol cats on here but I can't 
@AdotMdot hey.... I actually liked wolverine... 
I'm sick &amp; I'm going whale watching...I hope I don't get the whaleys sick 
My 15yr old Siamese has a big tumor on her hip. They found more tumors on her abdomen. She is going down hill fast. 
@sammylynnk They are pretty crazy how they blend in like that  U are lucky to be going to the aquarium, there isn't any around here 
Wishing we could get our kitty already 
my puppy libby scratched my heel  and now it's bleeding, but i got a bandaid!
@stephlandry awh poop  i hope you feel better.
@annabanaboo  i miss our ghost hunters dates lol.
vets are expensive 
Emily has never seen a goose poop  shes deprived
i dont want to become a fat duck!! 
Still hasn't been to the zoo 
i am sad... my cat is lost  http://tinyurl.com/lob7u9
My cat is missing 
@turtlebus i want a seahorse. 
@tweeterdiva I only have one for now... I'd love to have a herd someday! 
says suggest ng names ng dogs oh. mey 4 kming puppies. 2 lalaki 2 babae  http://plurk.com/p/mzz7b
@sian_the_mouse yay! a duck! if i want anything watching me it'd be a duck!  lol
@wafflesgirls  that is a LOT of cats...reasoning behind such a decision?
@sian_the_mouse 
@Astartiel lol. i love ghost hunters. 
Just remembering the jar of tads in the kitchen window big bro caught -  - maybe that's why I like frogs (and pigs ) hehe
@Astartiel i want that koala that you have to get by special order. i also have a large collection of stuffed lambs. 
@quriouszee i love white horses. 
@sian_the_mouse yessssssssssss !!!  I can't wait to get it zomg.
@ipathia maybe she has some retained placenta? - the vet should know what to do 
@officialTila hmmmm al lot of cats can't drink milk because they gain to have diarrhea...but dogs????  http://tinyurl.com/dkge55
@poppy_dog its like facebook but for doggies 
i hear birds chirping 
@Mumsontop it is with penguin. you want to review it? 
I'll take her to see the ducks later! 
@sumares I have 2 cats that do that.  
im petting the shuzz outta my cat.. hahahahh there are furballs everywhere! 
i have heard so much about twitter I signed up (I'm a sheep) and therefore don't really know what to do on here! 
@snappingturtle love the cat badges! Going to stick one on my fridge! 
@lagresto It was! I'm a cat-gal for sure. No pets anymore, but cats def 1st choice!  
she's on fox 5 now! 
It's be cool to be a dinosaur. RAWWWWR. 
@heelsanddaisys youuu wouldd...my little gerbil caitlin. 
@Chloebeetle what's scary is I think I know most of those animals 
@megkautz ring tailed lemurs are my favorite non-ape primate! They look like ballerinas when they walk and jump from tree to tree  
@vibratoria beautiful little creature, terrifying but beautiful 
woken up v early by a big pair of brown eyes. unfortunately they don't belong to a puppy...   but they do belong to an evil mayan 
@ValleyGirl92064 alas, i'd just take my allergies as they are now, since i'm also allergic to cats 
Sitting in my cube watching the squirrels play 
@missvina i want to see wolverine too!!! 
http://twitpic.com/3i5jh - dogs like puters too 
This is me at the Zoo  http://twitpic.com/3i61o
Staying in and hanging with the pups. 
@selenagomez joey king must be very cute to make you smile. 
@themerchgirlnet diamond python - i have a thing for snakes and nudes 
@anterazor teacup yorkie 
just held some lambs...how cute?! 
@hkb500 white poodle cross maltease  x
@v_cub or where u reffering to she ra lol 
Working on spay/neuter project 
Going to make a day in columbus... Zoo, malls and possibly bars 
goose pond 
Is going to the zoo! 
@drpotter glad to hear the kitten was alive then 
@albeitludicrous ahah  what animals do you already have?
My wolfy man won me a toy wolf 
@SaxAppeal2u No it means you're in the doghouse lol 
upgraded the JaS tiger to iATKOS leopard 
http://twitpic.com/3jule - monkey business 
just killing some humans...ya know...the usual 
walking my cat  she's so cute
@papermacheSKY i just saw an ad for alpacas. We should get some for our farm~ 
@maroon5princess your new cat looks like my cat when he was a kitty 
@nevernotknittin I consider my car to be a mechanical pet, that will bite me if I do not take proper care of it. Must appease the beast 
I love my chihuahuas 
@AwexBeast wolverine is fun, lol 
@hypnotistchris very cool  I am sorry he didn't get a mutt from the pound like himself tho - and no I don't mean that as an insult
my hound smiles when i bring him home a doggy bag!  what a pleasure 
@codyoates Would be fun for one of us old goats too! 
@UglyGerbil holy cow...I saw baby birds!  That peregrine falcon cam is cool 
TWITTER!! I feel like such a sheep, but at least a happy sheep 
@antfox yeah, and one on the toilet for the cat 
@kmallan awesome! you've got three monkeys! I've got the magnificent 7 lol 
Waiting for the horses to band together. 
Grinning like a cheshire cat after a fabulous Epicure afternoon 
@SukieBunny they're part of the petting zoo 
@Astrogirl426 I didn't start that one... didn't want to get into too much. I've got 3 virtual pets and hatchlings... too much! 
@pengwynn no but I did have my parrot hat 
untalkative bunny!!! 
a random dog keeps running down my path....its really cute its a staffy and its brown  im going to go and pat it.
just got back from walking the doggies 
i got 8 birds  and 2 quails. and one of the finches is so cool (: Cozii (:
@MariahCarey LOL! you da lambs are experts! 
add my myspace plz 2  http://www.myspace.com/lil_Fluffy_cutie
Making the most of temporary access to three cats... Lots of cuddles 
@Equestrian90 The floating whale. Haha. 
@RespectTheWest she's just a little mongrel from the cat protection society.. 
Were like eagles - we don't have predators - only each other ... and lions! 
@craigend Typical cat 
@darwinshome as long as you guys don't mind the horses, geese, ducks, dogs and cats I can't see why not 
swam with a whale shark yesterday, and it was fucking awesome 
@foxbaby I'll take the pelican 
is at the zoo 
@emilymccue clever duck 
I love having the windows open! Though I think my kitties love it more, they are SO enjoying watching birds/people/squirrels 
@watercolorblue they are my pet predators, it's fine 
having a dog makes me walk outside once i wake up. it's nice seeing all the new green bits on the trees and such 
http://twitpic.com/3litd - i have the cutest kitties ever 
@_LoneWolf_ hahaha cheeky monkey 
@HenrieB and i bet you were one of these 2 chicks! 
@Debonairo you mess with the bull - you get the horns 
@letteapplejuice polar bears &amp; penguins rarely go near eachother... They're from opposite ends of the earth 
It was a baby mammoth, and yes if you like animals it's a tear jerker 
Watching penguins of madagasscar haha 
@mikasounds frogs are nice 
@tayIorswift13 i love your new song  -ox
@mikeavila she loves them and they're pretty tolerant of her  not letting them interact too much tho cause kittens are still small.
Hanging out with my mommaa bear.   
@foxibrown wash my car and clean cat poo. 
humans are more animal than any of us realise. just b/c we cover ourselves w/ a fabric doesn't make us any less animals. 
@wethink are there humans involved?  
@kshan7 the birds are gone 
@natashajonasx pretty good how was yourssssss  ox
@lordmooch ...When birds fly upside down  But it would be cool, though.
@chilliupnorth  not so sure about the ducks but why not I guess 
@alcides @microft lol sure.. next FRAK will have rubber ducks 
@aliciahorsley awwww, the tiny kitten in your post is super cute 
@o3tker I guess this is good topic, that complements with @rlewallen talk about 'herding cats' 
@KwanaWrites LOL never thought of a woodpecker. That could be bad 
@kinggoji I really start to tune out when fuzzy animals are brought into the broadcast. 
Oh my!  It suddenly started raining tigers and elephants! =P I;m enjoying it! 
At night I have to tuck my dog under the covers so he's warm. He got a bad haircut and has no fur but I love him 
Three blind mice. 
@jameslacey I think your flatmates turned you into an early bird 
@iamseige you're a pretty interesting cat... 
@skink74 i do what i can  look forward to seeing results (photo-wise, not so much the freezer)
@mileycyrus Whos that with you in the photo? 
Off to see a greyhound and two whippets. Twtl8er 
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/326b5 - AWWWW my fav. dogs ..i WILL have a yorkie someday 
@moggy99 boxing training  it was fun!
I want to keep the bird 
playing with my new kitten 
with mal, listening to animals 
@robing105 I love pets! They make me happy! It may be the distraction she needs. 
Just saw wolverine 
my kitty just jumped on my lap! i love him hes soft  lol
About to watch me some wolverine! 
@selenagomez whoss joey..? 
excited to start rehearsals for rabbit hole. 
@unseenenergy thank you.  that was perfect.. loved dances with wolves 
@poppitgirl you're so sweet.. taking in an abandoned kitten like that 
playing hide and seek with my cat... hilarious!! 
LOL this cat is laying right next to me now, purring 
(2/2) and have crazy wild monkey sex haha jk 
I think anteaters get a bad wrap. Who cares if they are always eating, sleeping and are apparently not very smart. I think they are cute. 
wiiihh I love my cat 
had an awesome time with the Scooby gang tonight!!! 
wolverine was gooooooooooooooooooood 
Cuddling with 3 cats on the couch  I be comfortable.
For anyone wondering about my cat, she went for my mum! She's a good cat really 
Going to feed the horses in a mo 
I am cuddly and make a nice pet - I am the activist cow    http://tinyurl.com/dcesum
Awww the bears are waking up 
@scooby867 meowwwww  cute cat x
I am always amused at how one goose can make a traffic jam.  
At the garden centre. Just played with a 13 week old Alaskan Malamute! 
@zappos_fly that's what kennels are for 
just watched wolverine... 
We got 2 more lizards 
@Macness Yay guinea! They're nifty. 
-iiiiiiiii.. am that crazy cat lady.. hate to see it at such a young age 
Our newest family member: oscar, norwegian forest cat.  http://twitpic.com/4eqi7
@BookmarkAnd  yes, and the monkeys try to steal my doritos 
@djalizay ill walk him 4 you  I love animals!
Going to the humane society to look for a kitten 
@malloryforrest I'm glad you conquered the wild beast that is twitter. 
ugh i just woke up to sean and marshal trying to sneak up on me, apparently my cat like senses are too much for them 
A flock of birds. A gaggle of geese. A pride of lions. A herd of cattle.. A giggle of teenage girls? 
wolverine was really good. 
loves the turtle 
@MissMarista how cute! my kitty is sitting with me right now 
@Percephene I'm super sneaky like that.  I could have fed her pet, but I prefer she re-adds first 
i have a monkey minion!!!! 
A purring, sleeping cat against the side of my leg.....how nice 
@PROZPanda You are lucky to meet a rich panda. 
it's a cloud in the shape of a rabbit, cute  lower. a rabbit in the shape of cloud, even cuter 
@DjAlizay  rottweiler and a lab; i want a pitt!!  theyr so sexy 
@Purrpatrol and purr to you!  #pawpawty
@1critic ...maybe the little duckling is ready to leave the nest? 
wolverine was alot better than i thought it would be 
need two clones of me.. one to send to college n another to take all treasures in fish wrangler 
hahah aww! my cat is snoring! 
didn't expect it.. but wolverine was really awesome 
Listening to: dimbology...black cats 
@__mares__ good on you 
@rachelcreative I think your cat should have his own 'Gums' page  I would follow him hes hilarious!
loves who framed roger rabbit. 
@dannynic would you get me a hose pipe.. mutt's eaten mine and i don't fancy facing the B&amp;Q holiday muppetry 
@JonathanRKnight btw. You should try eating roasted snake 
@kingdavidevans so you mean since I woke up from it I can become wolverine??? 
@FrshPriince count sheep 
i hear birds outside! haha hearing birds is a sure sign you've just pulled an all nighter 
why i don't recognize any handler in #rubyonrails ? where have all the cowboys gone? 
@delga Not far from me then!! lol gone to make friends with all the animals at the zoo!! 
@fpinternational I totally went and watched wolverine, was good 
@KazThomas Cats are so sweet when they're dreaming and their little paws start to quiver 
won a toy dog on brighton pier and saw nick cave shopping in a brown suit 
@kalaspuffar Tails are only good if you are a code monkey 
@sherryfowler On a sweeter note, how many cats do you have and what are their names? 
A deaf french bulldog and a sphinx cat- i want them! 
My yongest kid wants a seal for a pet. It can stay on the bathtub. And it doesn't pop 
@lunglock haha ditto  I love my plush animals! and I see my eeyore I think  &lt;3
just cleaned out the guinea pigs, trimmed champies fur, and bathed them  thayre being pampered!
There is a sleeping boy!cat on my lap. That is all. ;) 
@fearphage is all there in my previous sentence  I'm feeling as rough as a goats knee, which are apparently quite rough.
chris is down from pet, and now i'm heading off to wonderland 
@BobBroughton i would just have a bag of cats 
Swimming with dolphins 
@CSick09 just roared like at me like bigg ol'mighty lion king 
@5_cats_4_dogs great new profile pic! be careful, picnik is almost as addicting as twitter 
@Emayekayee   been buying drug yachts from the other animals again?
http://twitpic.com/4hjlx  this is the squirrel that's been coming up to me for peanuts  
Never mind those boring bird penguins, here's the penguin cow   http://twitpic.com/4haen
I'm drawing cats for an English project 
an otter that can play the trumpet 
@eaglesflite so what will we do with the pigs 
i think it's adorable how they keep pets of the orphaned jungle animals  everything from exotic birds to baby monkeys!
@GabrielGadfly And a crazy coyote chasing you around. 
@StreetWearBear want a cat?! 
boa noite @giselelopo 
went to see wolverine 
@thesuzseffect ...how's that horny goat weed working out?? 
@myonlyeverglow I laughed at Tinkerbelle, too. I'll save you a seat next to me in hell. 
@ev my wonderful cats hated the new litter we bought so they crapped on my curtains 
Watching my little monkeys tire themselves out before bed 
@ev I realized my error when I saw your cat was actually not hyperventilating at the the thought of travel. 
@newt0 more than you'd think. 
@llyfrgell ooh, i like the rug! also, i see kitties! 
going to sleep  if her cat would calm down!
@veronamay multiplies AND turns into a green slimy destruction machine...  v.01 with the furry face and puppy dog eyes? much more fun 
loving my little kitty! 
@CourtneyKitty  awwwwwww, our kitties are the BEST!  
is watching wolverine at last. 
@ShinigamiGirl I love colorful horsies! 
@mayalabeeDC3 I know!! our cats could be family  mikesh is so cute!!
@kbphotos You are an early bird too I see?!?!  
@hhilaryy ....what? i just copyed some other chicks reply and wrote it as my own 
@MattCohenIII it could be worse  so u usually a nite owl?
@penelope_mills  better than a spider or some type if Australian wildlife one would imagine 
I don't believe it, my puppy likes brussels sprouts!  
I'm the bird with broken wings, she's the song i love to sing  you know who you are xx
@gfalcone601 i knew a horse called dollar too 
Lying with my new lab pup on my lap 
@cats2cats Thanks 
playing pet society 
The cats are gone. All 3 of them. 
@FragDolls ok I just love it when big buff tattoed (preferably Christian)  men strut...fluffy dogs are optional 
@_owl_ ah but you're already on my list 
@dyedinthewool Scooby is yours. Because he's different than the rest 
@mattmoreno I really like miller park too  too bad the cubs aren't leading, hopefully they can get it together soon
@ekhazahar my cat!! 
as we were disembarking @ Tswassen we saw a pod of killer whales ^^ i'd just finished pointing out that i'd never seen bc killer whales. 
watching beauty &amp; the beast  haha
@xsparkage http://twitpic.com/3qfqo - awww cuuute! i have a black cat too but she's only 2 months old 
ans so the lion.......kicked the dogs ass!!!! 
Platypuses are the only mammals that can lay eggs. 
Is watching the cat in the hat 
http://twitpic.com/4wgp2 - Bambi will eat you 
@JamesProps very cute kitty 
is surprising momma bear 
@MoocherGirl i think it was more the tigers crumbling. so not surprising at all, really ... lol ... 
@Brutus626 there is the fact that you are the coolest guy you know.  
@WaDuRosario yay! you should do it. just think about the animals and it's not as hard 
@AprilFilms meh! You should try the one on commercial drive with all the cats 
Pretty sure my kitties missed me...one is laying on me and the other 2 are on each side of me. They are so cute though. 
@nita49 A big ginger and white male cat and a little female tortoiseshell. Both indoor cats and rule the house 
@ohaiijess that's odd as it's on my lap  maybe that's your cat O: s:
@kay2thetie she's a feisty little cat! she'll keep them on their toes maybe.  yay kitties!
@MichaelMCrowley i saw wolverine too! 
@Brutus626 that you got to see your bubb 
actual updateee...sleeeping soon. watching the lion kinggg. 
listening to the cat snore 
#DuckRaces in the bath don't quite work  Especially if you have no ducks! Only a polar bear,a seal &amp; a whale.
@sosolid2k peanut :o, cute name  lol get another turtle and call it jelly :p, if i get a pet i'll call it cabbage XD lolol
@sosolid2k turtles and shoes make an awesome couple  if only shoes could talk back to the turtle :p lol
eagles- hotel califonia &amp; guilty of the crimee  happyy XD
Just fed the cat  gawd she can be so annoying sometimes...she won't eat unless you stand right there with her =s
Just bought rats! 
@KiahxKitty dun be scared 10 bucks say if u do take a pic you'll get all made up  chicks )
@fruityalexia ha ha, keyboard cat is awesome! 
i really want sharks to win 
@gfalcone601 my hamster is only just turned one 
http://twitpic.com/4wrz8 - it's actually a tiger but good guess 
is waiting for  her jaguar to come over 
@qmuser and of course give  your cat all of your attention. 
Just petted myself a dolphin 
I painted the dogs nails hot pink-the boyf is less than pleased 
at least my kitty is adorable and my card is looking amazing 
watching madagascar with my monkey 
Although, a whale by any other name is just a whale 
i love the cubs  go cubs!
watching finale of celebrity apprentice and there r two raccoons the size of texas. now 2 stray cats 
@flossa we'll be the alien chicks he fucks 
@HeyAmaretto more sisters and brothers plus dogs and cats that you never knew you had 
i'm so cool i make polar bears shiver. &lt;--i got that from mickey mouse 
@VAinParadise lol...that is a good cat to keep the mil away 
@AyeletS LOL indeed it looks like some animals skull I just can't pinpoint which one possibly prehistoric 
@dekkuran An overly-happy yeti is still better than a pissed yeti. Just enjoy this side of me before it wears off 
wolverine fucking rocked! 
is finally reading pygmy 
@musicsinmyveins http://twitpic.com/50u1d - Awww...3 kitties...DBSL will love these 
Cuddling with my gorgeous bird pillow 
@PrincessSuperC What does, classic pig mean??? So I can use it  LOL
my greyhound is listening to opera, she quite a cultured hound, she needed soothing after having he nails clipped, poor thing 
@pricelessdaisy that's coo, and by kids I meant dogs hehe 
@allthatglitrs21 your cats are so cute elle! 
Aah the joys of babysitting, get to watch movies you wouldn't normally watch  who knew Chihuahuas could speak. http://twurl.nl/hmnt0x
I got a cat!!! 
http://twitpic.com/5525d - leo!! my new pet! 
http://twitpic.com/55266 - leo!! my new pet! 
one of the newer kittens is getting along very well with nosey. 
If swimming is such great excersise, then why are whales so fat? 
@snedwan @pamjob  I feel like a racehorse (via @robineccles) - I'm hung like one 
is playing pet society now. 
@TheDannyNoriega that's cool marrying a cat. 
@yvonneisyvonne Curiousity killed the cat. 
the birds outside are singing 
@miketually LOL! that should be encouraged.... like having a circus monkey.... 
@mrtrev u have an explosion of wabbits too......wow! these wabbits really do go places.... 
@OlgiMolgi It's hilarious!! and the puppy episode rocks!! 
@crazyfirebolt HAHA i got some more if you want  what you writing, poem about pigs? o_o
@TomFelton absolutely. I have a stuffed cat that I fondly refer to as 'sick kitty' because when I'm sick I want to snuggle with it 
woooooo laptops ready  off to pick up now feeling a bit more happy. Also taking ichiro are pet gerbil down to get his teeth cliped.
is playing pet society.  ? it! :]
@SockGrams  MOnkey roadkill - It's a kitchen safari!!!
@Siongc we filled the bell up &amp; the acrobats are fun to watch it's raining but a little family of sparrows are tweeting them feeding 
@BSRadio Scooby is a true American hero.  
@kaolinfire eh, them's the breaks--at least they liked it  wasn't no snow cats in the pomes i hope ;)
@wethetravis http://twitpic.com/54ic5 - Aw, my cat lays on me like that 
. @artanas Me, I likes squirrel, deer, gator, duck. Never had possum or nutria (big water rat). Has to be cooked well to eat. 
@fire_fox ? ? ??? ??????? 
Just got in from a long lunch and doggie walk around a lake, so nice to just be with special people and your pets. 
@sugarcoatedhero AHAHAHA. there was a possum in our trash can when i was younger, it scratched the hell out of my neighbor. i laughed. 
Playing with mah cat 
@helenastephanie Who have the personality of a needy cats. 
http://twitpic.com/5c817 - my little bear 
@x2bmex lol yeah i was reading your updates  ferrets scaree me -_-, are they like hamsters? 
I want a ferret 
$5 Zoo day tomorrow!!! So stoked! 
@RealHughJackman just saw wolverine. you're amazing in it 
@('_')@ it's a monkey! A retarded monkey but still. It looks like me apparently. 
I have a new snake 
i feel like i could learn so much from my cats 
Going to take my four naughty doggies to the park...be back soon 
@omgitsafox For  kalu'ak daily rescue pups. im just bitchin' 
i love my cat 
@shark_slys I agree 
i can hear frogs outside 
just had a balloon twister make me a teddy 
Inevitably the cat wins ... I'm up!! G'mornin' 
Belgian Zoo now has a little baby elephant, born in the Zoo  soooo cute  www.baby-olifant.be live webcam 
@brendadada They don't have the majesty of sheep though 
is playing pet society  http://plurk.com/p/ubfea
@treasaint A cat in water? How did you manage that?! 
http://twitpic.com/5css6 - the cat is sleeping 
Watching cartoons with the monkeys 
gave her blog some pet turtles. head over and feed them 
@aishahazman What's up with you and hamsters. Seriously. 
@WolfgirlClaire LOL pig wolves yeahh i guess thats what you call them 
making breakfast with jason then taking the pup out for a walk along the lake 
@LouPeb yeay! We love happy endings for pet stories!! 
@kriciamorris  We have two cats!  I love cats!  
@rhea123 i will later. 
@himay  It would keep other cats away 
@alyssamichele planet unicorn heyyyyyy 
@323monkey I know 
Yay! one of the kittens is alive  and she's having another one right now.
And calls me a hog. 
http://twitpic.com/5digv - Passed out red panda at the zoo 
@jax3417 but now that I'm a gator we can somewhat get along with one team 
Just to clarify.... No animals were harmed in the mowing of my lawn today  I ran over a tshirt the neighbors dog left
@CapnSkulduggery I was just thinking we need some sort of logo. Like... The coriandr rabbit on a train 
I'm a tweety bird 
wolverine = awesome 
I wish I had a horse! 
@WastedPotential If you chase the cat around, can I watch? 
best sentence ever... &quot; i wish i'd been born a pampered panda in a zoo&quot; 
@nicksantino  miniature tigers  I love them.
@melbhave lol. who you callin a rat? 
@maxime68 oh the birds not the cats 
My mom's snake's rat/food just had like ten babies! they're super cute  so.. watch out.. they sell pregnant rats at the store.
working on a stuffed owl  its green and spotty
@NAJohnson aren't cats awesome?? 
Dogs have souls, but you already knew that, http://digg.com/d1rQy0 
Looking up corgi pups I'm gonna adopt two when I'm 18 buying them with model money 
I sort of have to go, but my cat is so adorable laying on my lap and purring like an old machine 
@MinustheLion a tramp stamp of a cougar chasing a dolphin making love to a trex that is eating a snickers 
@wen7wen I named the cockatiel....coraline 
hello, there, TWEETy birds... 
just dropped stingray off. 
@fantomaster I'm kind of evil, yes, but I did not have any luck this time... Bambi was to clever for me 
http://twitpic.com/5ezs4 Tigger on his way to be Neutered, don't think he had a smile on his face on the way out of the clinic 
@brookehaskins i love that too. They're great birds anyway, except for the screech 
My black schnauzer is mistaken for a Scottish Terrier often. Scotties are adorable but I love my schnauzer more  http://tinyurl.com/r7gcy9
@fartingpen still sounds tasty...and i feel better knowing your not killing tigers for it 
@minks31 Me too , Lol. 
@pinkfloydjo you'll be well fed duck that's for sure  i'll come by for some goose fat tats ;)
@blue_cat_online Is that your #musicmonday recommendation? 
@maps4pets I know.  It's a sign of how Tweetaddicted I am that I felt bad that I'd 'neglected' it.
@cjwach Vultures...actually most animals that hunt 
I am exitedd to get my new bunny 
Morning everyone, I have been up since 4.30 delivering 5 beautiful choc lab pups 
The cows are lying down... RAINYDAYTIMES 
It's the nicest bird I ever saaaw!! 
http://twitpic.com/5ezs4 Tigger on his way to be Neutered, don't think he had a smile on his face on the way out of the clinic 
i'm drinking good bear 
watching wall-e  with my cat and some junk food before going riding. man life is sweet sometimes
@SquareJaw lol you're not boring! you're very funny and you have real ducks 
@otherniceman You are a very cute dust bunny 
http://twitpic.com/5f6ml - quick pen drawing of the kitty 
@wildelycreative You're welcome chick. We should all hug a frog 
@gfalcone601 aw he has a mickey mouse toy!!! 
@sarahstanley running like coyote...  or the bird in front coyote 
please vote for my dog, lucy     http://anovelmenagerie.com/ghost/2009/05/17/contestants/
yayyy I just read the practical notes and we dont kill the bunny rabbit 
@TheDailyBlonde its a must have for indoor cats (we have 2 of them) 
@tommcfly remember, curiosity killed the cat but satisfaction brought it back 
Lots of little ducklings along the canal 
my backyard is a natural wonder to wake up to...saw baby geese feeding with momma, a muskrat, first turtle eggs of the year, and a bunny 
@thepioneerwoman if he steps in cow poop we need to know 
i have baby chicks in my hood 
@RoseHempsall im getting a hamster next silly, it will be for kiara when we move 
@Madsoli3 tell her the dollhouse is my house  calico critters rock...
Lovely rain and 4 adorable kittens 
I like swearing at the cat because she doesn't know what I'm talking about =p silly fucker 
@stupidgirl_no1 Zoo, yes! I need to visit my polar bear friends 
@Tommcfly lol my cats are the same 
hey all you night owls 
is realizing how much chicks dig me ... awesome! 
@kelisha eek! what did u do?  I seen no stray cats down here in tassie 
i just played @lovetigerlily's diamonds video over a foals song, it was really nice 
@TheBreakingPig ha! no my animals are just crazy, no biggie 
@sweetout me too... ny cat kept on going up and down the bed growling 
@zaibatsu that is one very cute cat!!!    d3
Oh little cutie bunnies are hopping on the street 
@mixmux That is also similar to the wonderful cat smell 
please vote for my puppy lucy   http://anovelmenagerie.com/ghost/2009/05/17/contestants/
@jowalshy  awww poor thing.. i live in a unit so i can only have cats ..i have 3 cats and 1 cockatiel 
@jessicastrust I'm just a little pussy cat deep down 
I have just got the bunny out to have a run around 
@craig_bucknall go the rabbits !!!! 
Bambi finally got an accurate pic. posted    http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/5492645
I think she missed sleeping with me too, cause she's purring like crazy  haha. don't make fun of me cause I twitter about my cat! 
@pet2107 aw thank you they are much warmer  ........ i also put socks on lol
@myotherhand erai cat un mat in 38? ))) cum frate? 
@FlissTee Have fun and don't upset any farmyard animals 
@pet2107 in some respects yes u did  especially in the whole sub department
I've just followed celebrity meow meow @sockington &amp; @SatsugaiCat!   
No birds chirping!!! 
@wickedlibrarian http://twitpic.com/5o4ou - I think you are cuter than the cat.... but your cat is adorable.... 
working at the Zoo today 
@Zatannna you know me well! love animals in my bed 
pet society is back! 
#followfriday @mrsfudgecrumpet she sprays up Walls like a sexy cat 
@ReneeATNutro hooray for pill pockets   our cats love them.  we have 7 cats but feed 3 more strays outside.
@eiks you're tangerine pigeon is subarashii! 
@JohnEstrella ppl are never perfect. For that there are cats 
@garyvee you're a snake!!!!!  #crushit
i am an otter and i like holding hands with my otter darling, ika 
@SeanHughes I know you weren't REALLY going to kill a sweet innocent little wonderful bird. 
wow, it's raining elephants 
cool morning-we have fed the fish, geese, ducks, squirrels and chipmunks. Just what I needed to refresh. 
http://twitpic.com/5ormz - puppy. sleeping after nicole told it of for chewing my teddy. she had that touch 
@shanellelee so it Actually IS twix? Almost cow tails? Am I good or what 
@Izzyknight lol...  i get that too, but it's from my 20lb cat 
@andymorgan If he's flirting, then he's a confused bird. 
Our gecko was amazingly hungry today - he ate whole pack of crickets at once! He's a small cute predator 
being on the water is worth waking up at 5:30  drivin to oc to work 12-3 then home to eat crabs corn and hot dogs then working 6-10:30 
Working with a purring cat on my lap. 
@simplychrista the bull terrier is looking awesome. 
My cow cat waiting for me when I got home from work just now  miss me much or maybe just wanted food  http://yfrog.com/16483mj
Going to the Zoo.  &lt;3
Going to the cabin in the mountains for long weekend, no internet just bears, coyotes and big squirrels 
@McRiddlahpants LOL....has your cat been conspiring with my cat??? 
@veronicaluvsyou Lolol  I'm a fraidy cat too 
@1lenore You have cats, right? 
@msraidiance5 Happppppppppppyyyyy Birthdayyyyyyy T bird!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I love uuuuuuuuuuuuu!!!!!!!!!!! 
@the_bushman you know what im talking about. 
my cats sleeping 
@TidyCat check it hehe naughty puppy stealing the cat food 
I really think I'm jinxed and I need to touch the snout of a coin-operated giraffe to counter bad luck the whole day. It works. 
@dilyaela oh ok  a sugar glider is a small squirrle w/ big eyes,and a wombat looks like a huge rabbit/pig! we didnt get to the hotel yet
@pamjob should have done the old bunny hop 
@FraandS you are cute... will you be my fraand.. extending the sheep 
@Chelssurs - whales 
@nedrubwerd I know this is a really late reply BUT your tweet about your cat made me die laughing! 
playing pet society 
and she's a penguin!  a dancing one!
@MissNickyHilton my cat does the same thing!! He loves water bottle caps! 
bubba is asleep next to me  precious pup
@MissNickyHilton we have that kind of cats too. Some think they're human. 
he's my new kitty  lol
@bifflawson LoL... The lion king!  Rooaarrrrrr
i'm takin a 4 pound poop 
is working on panda rings 
@KatyComeTrue what I'm saying is --Zoo alarm, smoo alarm... i'm sure you made it safely - and thanks for the Bens report - made me hungry 
 my gummy bear
playing pet society 
Loves his new teddy bear!! Or panda bear! 
bored... trying to watch planet of the apes 
@BennyDIAR http://artpad.art.com/?kke9... - ch ch check it outtt this is what i think of when i see your s/n. Animal friiiies! 
we caught a pet ant!!! 
@megspeaks I found your rhino 
barely goin 2 sleep. @princeralph count sheep... or cats jumping fences. those r easier. 
@_cailin the other two were go away, said to my cat as he tried to eat my toes 
