Most common words for this cluster:
[('cavs', 326), ('lakers', 302), ('magic', 210), ('game', 196), ('lebron', 153), ('nba', 152), ('kobe', 96), ('celtics', 91), ('finals', 70), ('thunder', 58), ('today', 57), ('time', 56)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Cavs', 0.8566768765449524), (u'Celtics', 0.8409977555274963), (u'Lakers', 0.8405427932739258), (u'Pistons', 0.8044257164001465), (u'Mavs', 0.7949869632720947), (u'Sixers', 0.7868747115135193), (u'Suns', 0.7829915881156921), (u'Nuggets', 0.7763750553131104), (u'Cavaliers', 0.7673049569129944), (u'Pacers', 0.7614240050315857)]





Dammit, episode 3 of Kings won't play for some reason  stopped in the middle now won't do anything
Manu Ginobili is out for the rest of the season and the playoffs  
@mapgirlsfc The Flames need to learn how to win in the playoffs. I'm sick of our 1st round exits every year. 
@NessaBanks Thunder bolts &amp; lightening around here! 5 inches of heavy rain late in the afternoon made it a no go for a road ride.... 
I really want to go to Thunder today, but my dog is going crazy and I can't leave him all day long  But I&quot;m boooooored
Doing some daily quests in WOW before the Bulls playoff game.  I have a feeling this is going to be a long afternoon.  
@ItsTopCat Mavs in 7.  I just have a bad feeling about it. 
wishing i was in louisville for Thunder 
Playoff time!! Kinda weird not watching the Suns.  Let's go Cavs Bron Bron needs a ring.
@SeattleFutbol no Supersonics 
Just got back from the Celtics playoff game.  Worked the gate giving away free Championship towels to all.  Such fun!  Celtics lost 
Damn celtics, chokin against the BULLS! If they keep playing like this, then its the Cavs' title to lose. 
Heart breaking loss for the Celtics 
Unable to finish a post about the Jazz platform. Each time I revise it, I modify something. 
Anticipating smack from Mavs fans 
@Latinoreview Hard to be a Browns fan these days. 
My Habs are not looking so hot 
I'm disappointed the Spurs lost tonite. It's not looking good. Hope the Spurs show up Monday nite. 
we are sad cause the Spurs lost 
bleachin' da hair; &amp; pissed with Javaris! 
Watching the Blazers getting their asses kicked 
Watching the Blazers lose  at the Highlands Pub.
@rain_holly NICE! I didn't know you are a Spurs fan. That makes like six of us on LSB, hahaha. Kinda glad I couldn't watch tonight. 
Two weeks in a row now... Sounders lost 2-0 
@BeckyBuckwild I spoke to Heat today he sounded so sexy on the phone but whatever at least one of us will get lucky 
Watching Blazers get blown out  #uprise
Won't be watching many NBA games as I am almost over my download limit for the month 
I'm sad I missed Thunder this year  ... thanks to homework and reading ... but hey, the big D (as in derby) is what it's ALL about !!!
Disappointing game 1 at the Rose Garden tonight Blazers 
@TheReal_KG KG!!!!! I wish you were playing!  But the Celtics will win!!! Give them KG's strength!
The NBA Playoffs started =] But today's very first game(Celtics v Bulls) didn't go well for the Celtics 
My Blazers got killed tonight in the NBA playoffs.  Hopefully game 2 goes much better.
didn't get to see the Mavs tonight     but glad they won 
Wow, Blazers game was horrible, not what I was hoping for 
Slept a lot today didn't feel well had bad stomach pains. Habs lost again  but Blackhawks won woot! off to play games now with my brother.
@ihenpecked How you doing tonight? Figured you were at the Blazers game. At least you have a team to cheer on. 
haven't tweeted in a while... but everything is swell ... Adrian just got back from the Spurs game... the Mavericks won    Goodnight moon.
is wodering why Port and Eagles can beat the top teams this week but my Crows can't 
just can't get to grips with NHL 09 
is also disappointed that the celtics lost 
I'm going to miss the Lakers game  I'll be sleeping while it's on, lol.
@Bird_E I I haven't been 2 a Laker game since Dec of 1994 @ The Forum! They played against the Timberwolves, we went 2 c JR Rider  Poor JR
Eating some good Activia yogurt before I go to work... I'm going to miss the Canucks today 
Sucks that Fios doesn't have NBA tv its the freaking playoffs 
@bbc5live disappointed you didnt  tweet about #Wolves gaining promostion - was out yesterday now I checked and not 1 tweet from you! 
Playoffs are just not the same without the Suns - 
Target microwave potato curry good. Target microwave chicken tikka bad. Wish i was watching the Lakers 
Watching the Penguins game well sitting at work...so far not so good Penguins are down 2-0 and the first period just started 
@causticchick I hate all of the Ducks (except Hiller). GAH. &gt;&gt; This series is not going the way I want. 
Orlando Magic go into NBA Playoffs as the 4th best team in the league, lose game 1 to Philly   http://tinyurl.com/cp9o5z Game 2 in ORL Wed
@wilw I am sad to be a Sharks fan right now. A whole amazing season is being tossed down the shitter. 
IPL Starts ...and eats up all my week end time  ....good to see Dare Devils and Chargers winning
@terrellowens81 ......best of wishes for the upcoming season with your new team. i'm going to miss u with the Cowboys 
cmon shaad. AI to Lakers is non-sense. will now have lunch, finally. not hungry anymore. arrrgh. 
What' up Twitters ? Next day in NBA playoffs and next surprises. Sixers won in Orlando  Atlanta won against Heat. Great defence by Hawks.
What's up Twitters ? Next day in NBA playoffs and next surprises. Sixers won in Orlando  EASY win Hawks over Heat. Great defence by Hawks.
Quakes lose to the first place Mavs 5-3 
@ClaireMtz Spurs are gonna lose the series 
As my friend Shaq says: just left the gym calvin klein here I come! I've got a sore throat. Going to study some technical drawing 
@gnakaz I had 2 Red Bulls and they put me to sleep... 
@Rondo88 I am..but cant sit in sun 
@Legwandsonlyfan Don't worry about the Canes......I gave them a very angry DM after they got their ass kicked by the Bruins.   ( ;) )
I'm probably going to miss the Celtics/Bulls game 7 tomorrow.  I ordered the fight, so I'm gonna have company.. I'm gonna need updates!
@LEAFSFAN71 I'll only be available for the Pens-Caps game.  The rest I'll be at work for, and no Versus out there.  
I am so Canucks-sick right now, I have resorted to simulating NHL games on my PS2 pretending they are for real  
ARRGGGGHHH!!!!!!!!!!!! Fev had the mark and missed. Hawks win by 4 pts 
@Rockchic65 loving the Eagles, haven't heard in ages..........you a bit down hun?   x
Heat pump not working 
The magic is almost gone in my room!!! Magic happened at least 4 times a week now I'm lucky is it happens every 2 weeks. 
@Cuddlyalex thats good to hear! Magic of saturdays! I'm sure i will be once i can pull myself out of bed! 
Suns out and I'm in library 
@Xantiriad lol...and yesterday we both said 'I don't get it?'..Runes of Magic is an exact clone but WoW just feels better. I'm in trouble 
@AndrewMcGruther and the Broncos lost too! 
Dockers beat the Eagles .... again. 
would have to watch the replay of the epic Celtics-Bulls Game 7. I won't be around to watch it in the morning. 
Watching the Caps at tastee, already down 1 point 
#Penguins couldn't score on a power play. 5:22 left in the third. #Penguins down 3-2. 
Oh Nucks  next one!
Jazz one got second place  i wanted the cool big sax trophy
@therealsavannah S club 7 is amazing, do you remember A-Teens LOL or All Saints  so sad they broke up
...And the Bulls go home 
@clerksrat  great series thou, should be another one in the cavs lakers finals lol
...Pens &amp; Canucks, the teams I was cheering for yesterday lost 
Heading to Magic Kingdom with @mommysnacks, @momminitup and @youngmommy for the last time.  #magicalmoms are going home. 
Unfortunately Celtics won against the Bulls, I can't believe I hate almost every team in the semifinals 
@nancykohler You know what stinks? The #Ducks get blacked out where I live. I don't get to watch games 3 &amp; 4. 
12 injured in Cowboys callosping tent 
ugh Celtics won 
#RedWIngs game, #Hawks/#Heat gm 7, and the #Cubs are on too.  Sometimes even TWO giant screens in your living room isn't enough... 
Heat lost..its ova. im done.. lost OD money..its time 4 me to cry 
Looks like the Heat are done  I really would've rather watched Dwyane Wade go at Lebron than the Hawks, but oh well. Either way, Go Cavs!!
Prayers out to all those that were injured in the Cowboys collapse. One person paralyzed by fall.... 
My Bruins are losing right now 
Wish there was Celtics Bulls game 8 today 
Rumor says NHL gave the Coyotes a ton of cash, but I still fear their days are numbered. No hockey in the valley makes me a sad panda. 
Just got back from watching the Hurricanes land. They drive fast  Pictures comming soon.
oh gawd thats right Dungy retired from the Colts   i'll miss him... he was a great h.coach
Seriously though, what puts people to sleep?! Heat, food, orgasms, TV ... What else? B/c I think I'm really insomniac 
Love bank holidays - coffee, pain au chocolat &amp; replay of Celtics v Bulls Game7. Am going for Celtics as Knicks didn't make playoffs 
@aKingsLife I wanted the Bulls to win! BOOOO. 
Lakers can make it to the finals but i dont think it would be exciting. J.R&gt; smith and the nuggets bench make the game FUN. Lakers dont 
The new Cavs series starts tomorrow! Instead of following twitter ya should follow the game! pissed bout the damn Celtics winnin though 
pray for the injured Cowboys members 
Apparently LeBron James is being named the NBA MVP.  Dang.  I had my $$$ on Zach Randolph 
1) Mavs need to play MUCH better.   2) Melo was fouled. I forgot to watch the game until the 4th - didn't miss much.
- I wish I was watchin LeBron play 
Darn those Pens.  Those Caps were killin it all night.
If the night is going the way I think it is, there's no reason to watch the Nucks game, since the Hawks will win 
Bad news for Laker haters (&amp; Rocket fans). Yao out for the year with a broken foot  http://tr.im/kWzw
@CNNMike Hawks are down by 13  
The Cavs could beat Atlanta using only three players. This is awful. Yao Ming out for the series  no fun.
The most depressing day in Cleveland will be if (hopefully not when) Lebron leaves the Cavs. Wahhhh!! 
I am very disappointed with the Hawks...as you all know I wanted them to play better 
Watching the Canucks vs blackhawks game @ elephant &amp; castle pub. I'm on a no beer diet  http://twitpic.com/4wa1v
i feel sorry for the hawks  they just got killed by the cavs
@themaguire  sorry but the Cavs are gonna stomp the Magic to sleep next round 
Hawks lost 
@JBARSODMG The Cavs did 
@BebeZed ughhhhh I miss my Sundin!!  At least now he has a chance at Stanley...wouldn't have that w/our Leafs 
Can't believe the Mavs just dropped three games to the Nuggets. Well, Mavs. Do or die time next game. 
Coldyyy @ the Beach!  and the Canucks Game is stresssn' me out!!!!!!!
Aww Yao Ming!  I really hope the Rockets do well against the Lakers.
@JDBaluch No, Hawks scored 3-2 w/ 5mins left in 3rd period.  
#Canucks 
Massive headache all day  At least the #Hawks won tho!
FT #Canucks lose 4-2  ....all to do game 6
Oh Canucks. 
..Omfg Canucks way to loose another one  The refs need to get some glasses ..so we better win game 6 and 7
If i was @iloveonyinyechi I'd be upset too, Celtics ain't makin it past this round  i know it hurts.....
Canucks 
Yay Cavs! Sweep, sweep, sweep, sweep. Sorry Mavs 
Xbox NBA Inside Drive 2003. Cleveland vs Celtics. Talking to my babe Caralisa. Missing her already 
Damn I just woke up...I knew I shouldn't have eaten that food...the Itis got me big time...missed 2nd Half of Cavs / Hawks 
Canucks lost 
@LakerGirl1 Without Yao, they don't have the height to stop Gasol / Bynum. Not much fun watching a layup drill... 
@CuzImSOOOCool - I haven't been watching basketball lately every since The Bulls lost.  I just hope The Leakers aren't winning though.
@JohnChow I wish, by telling you, I was wrong, but alas  #Canucks
@CuzImSOOOCool - I haven't been watching basketball lately every since The Bulls lost.  I just hope The Lakers aren't winning.
Brownout.  Heat. :/
@rorschach_xxx Poor Mavs. And Yao's out  Makes the Lakers' job easier. #Pity
The goal was not meant to be  it was an effort frm the Broncos though! Nxt wk Broncos...nxt wk!
@Jilly_in_Philly Magic Midori Ball says Absolutely 
@taupecat That's, unfortunately, how the Caps seem to roll when it comes to the Penguins and the playoffs 
what?! no! where did the Eagles perform??  lucky.
My last look at the Hawks for 2009!     http://twitpic.com/4x622
Vikings just lost 
@dyanab Leafs suck 
The Wiz is on and my mother won't let me watch it 
At Sonics tryin to get me some eat eat momma said she dosent wanna go out 2 day 
@tdejager210 The Anaheim Ducks have pulled out of their contract with the Chops because they were not bringing in enough money I guess. 
@SoxJetsFan no--I had turned to the Bruins and then turned back when I saw your tweet 
Geez maybe Nuggets vs Cavs based only on today  @NickBarnett
At home, and bored as hell. The Lakers 2-2 
Watching the Magic about to lose 
The Magic/Celtics series is officially OVER! 
God, my nerves!!!! what a game! #Celtics won 95-94 in last minute... Green Pride YAY!! a pity #Ducks didn't win... 
is heartbroken after that Magic game. I hate buzzer beaters when it's not our team 
SHOOT!!!!!! Magic lost.  I fear I am becoming a twitter addict.
@lexy315 I'm sad the Lakers lost today  They got too confident!
what happened to the Lakers today 
Canucks lost 
Canucks 
Disappointed that the Mavs made it to play another game 
So fed up the Canucks are out of the playoffs..... 
super bummed about the Canucks 
A million men Not shaving their beards and a million women Not shaving their legs did not help the Canucks at all 
@rihani whatever you do, stay clear of any sports coverage.  the sad state of Luongo post game was worse than the loss itself 
@bjprevost sorry your Canucks lost, tough game.. sad to see the last Canadian team get eliminated 
@CrunchyCarpets Your timing is totally inappropriate...but yes you were...only one team can win &amp; it won't be the Canucks 
Still crying with Luongo 
ARG.... that's a wrap, folks. Peace out, Mavs 
Magic city isn't poppin  sad but the strippers are workin for that green tonight we about to make it drizzle lmfao
I went out trying to grab some new Lightning pics with this mornings storm but there was too much rain. 
Going to watch the Lakers close out Houston 2nite  
@langfordperry -  I know.  The Mavs lost too.  
The Caps are out.  It was a slaughter...
still sad the #Mavs season is over. someone cheer me up 
Feels like I'm one of the luckiest girls in this awesome world!! I went to every @DavidArchie event!! Except Magic  he is so nice!
Trading Billups just destroyed the Pistons chemistry. They were just so sad to watch this bball season 
Wishing they were actually showing am NBA game on espn today 
2 days without NBA and I have withdrawal syndrome already 
More heart break from the Warriors  Second half hiding from the Cowboys.
Long day! Daddy cakes just left  but i get to see him tmrw!! game 7 bby! lol Celtics and lakers gettin innn! well gnight tweets ILY daddy
#3turnoffwords &quot;F*ck The Lakers.&quot; 
So bummed I dont get to watch the Laker game tomorrow... I'll be stuck at work 
@Just4McNabb It seems like all the older home owners left and it started going to hell. 
Thunder and lightening, there goes my walk 
I am in such a Magic playing mood... 
getting ready 2 go 2 PGs house..wish i knew wat 2 wear 
Ain't watching the Laker game, I can't accept a team that doesn't bring it every night. You broke my heart Lakers, you broke my heart 
Creating myself in NHL 08 and making me with maxed stats. I couldn't, in all good conscience, give me a high balance stat. 
ugh - I think I ate too fast and gave myself heartburn   I also really want to get showered/dressed BEFORE the Laker game starts.. BBL
Is a lil upset..I want to go to the Lakers game  ..Journalistic Dreams..
watching Celtics-Magic.. sana yung Lakers-Rockets na lang.. daya! 
so disappointed about the Celtics 
celtics  2009 just sucks!
Lakeshow advanced. Rondo and the Celtics eliminated 
I will cry if Kyle Korver opts out of his contract with he Jazz.... 
@Amber_Bear1 i'm cheering for the Cavs too.. i want them to sweep the Magic cuz they knocked out my Celts 
wow celtics wow  pretty upset
@Syesha Hurricanes for me. I never really liked earthquakes. But I'd hate to see hurricanes too. They're devastating. 
Earthquakes in L.A. are not funnnn 
Another loser: Preparing for school.. Great , the Lakers won , but the Celtics have lost the game  http://tinyurl.com/rdkayy
@andrearlevin don't be bitter!  you went to UCF, seems like the Magic winning shouldn't be so horrible! They're your team too!
sucks ass that The Celtics lost  Guess its up to the Cavs now... and Denver better squash the Laker bitches!!!! lol =P
Home. Shocked! First The Bruins and now, The Celtics  End of a 3 day weekend off but, 3 more days of work then, Aruba bound!!
What a long day!! Got out of work late! Than I missed most of the Celtics/Magic game  Than the Celtics lost! 
sad that the celtics lost 
@BrodyJenner come onnn don't rub it in about my celtics 
Woah! I wish Fiji tv airs NBA games. Darn it. I can't watch my Lakers.  In times like this, I so wish I'm in the Phils. lol
bad sports week except for fedex winning . Celtics   milan
I hate orlando, lol. Celtics fought hard though 
@greenskeptic if ever KG was more palpably missed, it was last night by an exhausted #Celtics crew 
moment of silence for the Celtics 
Oh man! First the Bruins, now the Celtics 
Still can't believe the Celtics lost!  What happened last night?
my celtics didnt make it 
just found out that the Boston Celtics lost to the Orlando Magic!! FUCK FUCK!! What a way to start the working week 
I'm mad the Celtics lost.  I didn't think they'll go all the way this season anyway. Cavs now baby!
@JanSimpson Celtics  If I drank, there would be a tear in my beer.
@DonnieWahlberg I hope you didn't get to watch the Celtics game on the ship 
Celtics are eleminated  Lebron is so good he is like a video game cheat code.
Rough weekend for Boston sports. Bummer cuz you guys TOTALLY would have loved our new Celtics and Bruins lines of merch. 
so upset about celtics...... 
very sad the celtics lost  .... now what I am going to watch!
Magic win series 4-3...  why boston? why?
Depressed about the Celtics... about to hang up the jersey for a loooonggg time  Why are the offseasons so long? I miss them already
Oh yea, I'm hurt that the Celtics got CRUSHED last night - it just wasn't right 
watched the Lakers tonight and Kobe but they lost so i'm  but can't wait to see Terminator Salvation
I just watched the Lakers but they lost 
blames the Lakers loss on himself...I slept through the game to leave for Miami...I ididn't feed them any positive energy in my tweets 
Watching highlights of Lakers/Nuggets game 2 on nba.com. Quality of play is awesome. Miss my NBA 
Dear Basketball Gods, PLEASE let the CAVALIERS win!  You already killed the Celtics, don't let me down again. =(( I'll give you candy!
Ahh ! what a news ... Lakers lost ! 
Unfortunately, the Hurricanes didn't claw back the &quot;temporary&quot; advantage they gave the Chiiefs 
Scruffy last possessions by the Lakers... 
Spilled a lovely glass of pinot noir on the light carpet in my bedroom last night. Magic elves did not remove the stain overnight. 
#NBA lakers  hopefully game 3 will be good  cleveland  please make me proud.
I'm moving out today!!!  God I'm going to miss college.. No more excuses...  And P.S. the Lakers suck!!! And I&quot;m glad they lost! Go Cavs!
I feel so bad Celtics are out 
@XxXLa_MenOrxXx o yea ur rite! Tight cuz my Celtics r out da playoffs  na can't go out dere this weekend contigo I hav 2 much I got 2 do.
To bad the lakers lost last night   Atlest it is a 1-1 series  Even though my favorite team is the Cavs and they play tonight.
@MissDuBois awe  its ok. Kobe might have better luck next year
So heartbroken  1 of my cats got outside &amp; can't find her  Countryside so big she could be anywhere Predators 
Disappointed in my #Lakers yesterday, and count me as one of many wishing Kobe would have taken the last shot. At least give him a chance 
@nessak I'm on the last one, without P Wings and with only one continue. I'm going to start over 
This Lakers/Nuggets game will be won at the line.  what a shame.
@oohsoofreshmo I wanted the Cavs but DAMN!!! 
Wow Magic won  If it wasn't for Lebrons miracle shot they would have swept the Cavs.
@LeBron_Kingdom I know  I know. What more do the Cavs need?! Gahhh lebron with 44 pts and still lost.
the cavs are letting me down so much 
@cameronstrang Dude, were you dancing with a towel behind Barkley? If so, I definitely saw you. Boo on your Magic.... go Cavs! (ya right) 
Fucking Cavs  Getting outplayed my Orlando plain and simple. #NBA
Kobe has been letting me down 
@raczilla I guess this means no Cavs championship T shirt from @Dewiel 
at the library hating the fact that i can't use my own computer in my own BED! and the Cavs lost 
Just finished a run and some core exercises with @ambifauri....was supposed to do chest but ended watching LeBron instead 
Sad the Cavs couldn't win tonight but can't take it from Orlando...they play with heart. Oh well, there goes my Lakers/Cavs final. 
cavs, cavs, cavs   I still have faith in you!!
Oh No - the Cavs lost game 4  Cavs are 1 loss away from triggering a nuclear event that would make the hadron look like tiddlywinks ,,
Well I'm starting to think I won't be watching LeBron and Kobe play each other in the Finals 
@donniewahlberg I now have empathy for you and how you felt about the Celtics in the playoffs...my Cavs are hurting my heart 
is sad... the Cavs lost Game 4  http://plurk.com/p/wh85u
Fucking Cavs  Getting outplayed my Orlando plain and simple. #NBA
The Cavs lost again. So sad. 
@InvisibleShorts This game scares me....but Lebron is alone sooo 
@cryssie I did...man what a dissappointment! I really wanna see Labron go up against Kobe 
Guess we're going to see the Magic in the Finals instead of Lebron.    Oh well, the Lakers are going to win it anyway.  
so sad the Cavs lost 
I don't mind people cheering against the #Cavs as an &quot;Evil Empire&quot; type team...as long as we could win a title first. 
feels bad about the loss of the Cleveland Cavaliers 
lmao cootie was hating on the Cavs....i think thats why they lost 
Way to go Magic  3-2 now on to Game 6 in Orlando and hopefully not Game 7
And the Magic has fizzled tonight  next time Magic. But Lebron is still cute.
@souljaboytellem Cavs won. 
Cavs won i missed the game  was at wrk...... ~Perfectly blind~
Love Lebron but go Magic! 
I called the spread!! Dammit should have put mney on that  #NBA
@moonrock the closest I get to Seahawks season tix is my floor to ceiling windows at work that overlook Qwest field 
Is finally eating this ice cream...thanks Magic for losing. 
has crammed enough Congress into my brain as possible...kinda pissed about the Magic game..and going to force myself to take my exam now 
Lebron James!!! Cavs win!!! I'm still up doing my papers tho 
I just knew It was going to a Game 6  At least the Magic fans will get a chance to celebrate going to the finals at home
@lennytoups I don't get the NHL games 
 I wanted the cavs to win it all! Defense wins the game Cavs.... I don't like loosing and I know this is alot of pressure on Bron.
awwww i fell asleep on the game  but i hear the Cavs win darn!
was watching the game.....dissapointed Magic whats up yo 
man Kobe is sexi but his teeth are yellow!!! so not attractive 
@bacieabbracci they dont consider it part of the  team we get weith directv. I only get Reds and Blue Jackets no Cavs 
Wow...nice suit Dwight...all white and lookin spotless. Usher was at Tuesday Magic Game..OMG and D didnt even hook me up w/ tickets 
Cavs win...there will be a game 6...but I'm not counting on there being a game 7 
Cavs win to live another day.  I on the other hand am waaaay tired at the moment - hope i'm not coming down with somethin' 
@Izzy_Artest I wear it around from time to time like when I go to Laker games and sit in Jerry's box.Not mine until my mom says it is tho 
is sad that Lebron James and the CAVS won 
The worst part of leaving my ex, was leaving my Suns season tickets 
*sigh* wanted to stroll to Cav today, but now it's raining 
@msz_rockstar umm how bout em?..aint get 2 see da game  but i see dey survived anotha game of da series due to notin but Lebron im guessin
@jwray12 Lakers, baby Lakers!! I'll miss the game tmwr. I have to work  you'll have to keep me posted please
I had the worst dream ever: the Lakers were losing 11 : ZIP  &amp; Courney Cox had a mohawk wtf.
I guess you're not talking about Orlando Magic @whoiskenan! There was nothing magical about it 
@Jimmers31 U so dirrrrrty... Why oh why did I pick the Hawks  I figured I needed a longshot and they were a better bet than CAR
So I passed out last night in the middle of 4th quarter. I didn't witness my Magic lose 
@NHL10 I was hoping for a better trailer 
@ESPNCommunityEd Don't forget Nash, how disappointing as a Suns fan 
The only thing I hate about Playoff Pens hockey is how much the tickets are! I wanted to go to a game but there 300$ a ticket 
 Thunder &amp; lightning scarededededed me!
@Craiiiiiig21 @Paola625 sounds like Sonics...which I never had  ...and for the record, I say spicy bred buffalo wings w/ blu cheese &amp; beer
oh yes, the Cavs win game5, now onto game6. it's still danger, they HAVE to win this one either, it's no shot for the championship 
crap! tying run is on 2nd!  let's hold em' Raiders!
Work soon. Lame going to miss the @Lakers  Go Lakers! Hope you win!!!! 
So I thought the Cavs would crush the Magic and I come home from up north to realize how wrong I was. 
#NHL Not a fan of either team, my head says Detroit, my feet say the Pens my heart doesn't care   GO KINGS in 2009/2010
Watching NHL playoff Game1 tomorrow night if anyone is interested, and I know that none of you are. 
Nuggets game with everyoneeeee except @almedina4. 
@ebassman i miss the Celtics 
At the gym. No workout buddies today and it's all thanks to the Lakers. 
@Mister_82 9-7 Lakers. Nuggets warming up, basketball Gods need to come thru tonight 
So sad I'm missing the Lakers game todaaaay 
So sad I'm missing the Lakers game toniiight 
*sigh* no Lakers tonight either huh? Lovely... Jeopardy and Simpsons it is. I need to pick up a pen go to work.... But I want to sleep 
The current Nuggets/Lakers score.... N: 33       L:34 
I wish the Lakers didn't make it to the Finals but it looks like it's going to be LAL-ORL 
@HeyNiceSweater that's a bit sad.  I love Magic!
Denver turns it over to start off the half! Steady dose of Kobe and they'll die! Harsh - Kobe airballs it after being all alone! 
@shelleygribbin I ses your Rangers did well, tonight.  My Bulls lost 9-3.    It was so much fun, though...even though you weren't here.
Not feeling it from my Nugs tonight... 
Rainy day here!! Haha  Watching NBA, I think the Nuggets will lose this game.  I hate Lakaers!! Now I'll go for the Magics or Cavs! LOL
http://twitpic.com/68dgs Me and Smash at the Hawks/Celtics game back in March...@bigbabybball &amp; the Celtics won. 
Pepsi Center is gonna be emptying out soon  lmfao ! Go Lakers !
Man.If the Lakers get this game.Then im sorry my Orlando babies,But ima need the Cavs to win.  Ughhhh.Pissed.
I'm a Laker hater but in all honesty Denver just doesn't deserve to win this game  piss me off!!!!!!!
@CandyMaize actually i LOVE basketball... big fan of the Cavs but i can't as my grandmother is watching tv 
Hopefully denver can pull this out but the lakers are looking tough! 
I dnt think this is a happy birthday fa my baby Melo  lol oh well , I'm ready to see this Lakers/Cavs match-up!!
I think my team is gonna lose    Damn those Lakers and Kobe!
Which team holds the most NBA titles? I thought I knew this 
is missing the Lakers game 
I want one of those yellow NBA towels!!! 
@SLIMM117 game over, i need my cavs to make it tomorrow 
looks like it's not going to be a McNugget finals.      Maybe McLakers, but would rather see Cavs vs Lakers.
Demmit! :-/ Kobe is on fire 
Ugh this night sucks! I still love Kobe but I just wanted Melo to take it! 
Its like a yearly thing. Finals and all.... Time to prep for Bron and the Cavs. Back to reinstalling Windows... 
Boooooo, the Lakers won tonight 
@OMGitsLexi fuck the lakers, my celtics lost last round 
@Nadaddy I don't like the Lakers either! But I do like the Celtics, to bad their already out 
@ImCorrieuR I'm glad your happy. My phone has been getting texts off the hook about the Lakers..so not a Kobe fan  GO Magic lol
@therealWilJ Every team that I root for always lose. Haha. Celtics and Nuggets.   Just watching NBA replays on the net. 
Sucks!!! But I guess the Lakers wanted it more 
Just woke up to mad disappointment. Nuggets lost.  I drank that nuvo and fell ouuuuttttt!
@lagoonpmac oh duh! Cavs I think since the suns aren't in it 
I did not want de lakers 2 win 
I'm the only person here not in a frat or sorority...Just convinced all but 2 people to vote for TMac...theyre repubs 
Denver lost.  Magic will pwn Lakers though foreal.
I'm being to give up on the Lakers as good as they are they disappointed me against the nuggets, Damn you Carmelo Anthony!!!! 
Nuggets lost  I hope the cavs won't disappoint
@tnorman1 Well, I'm picking the Penguins, so that means the Wings will win 
I wanted to see Cavs vs Nuggets.  If the Cavs lose, I hope the Lakers beat the Crap out of the Magic!!
missed MOST of the game.  Lakers vs Magic. Lakers in 6. In 5 if they REALLY play.
@erickanicole728 missed MOST of the game.  Lakers vs Magic. Lakers in 6. In 5 if they REALLY play.
Just got n,    all alone.   Ima just re watch the Laker game
Even though I fuck wit the Cavs, I don't think they gon make it  ...lol
Also, I can't imagine this is a good omen for the Cavs tonight....  
Watching NBA games from 3 am is getting harder and harder every year.I have fallen asleep short before the game has ended 
is pretty sad that the Nuggets lost  Now, we need a Lebron vs Kobe matchup!
The Lakers played yesterday and won !!!!!!!! Go Lakers! Looking for something to do. I'm SO bored 
@exclusiveaccess lakers  ..denver played awful...
wishing i could enjoy the NHL finals tonight and learn to appreciate hockey even more.  will be studying for the bar.  
Freaking A I was so sick yesterday. I even missed the Lakers game  But at least they still dominated!
is watching Grand Designs because she can't find a place to watch the Bulls vs the Chiefs 
Shaq : I have really bad razor burn on my crotch   http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/5818966
At the airport in Vancouver.  Don't get into Orlando tonight until 9:30 so I'm going to miss a good part of the Magic/Cavs game.  
Working at 5. No Pens game for me today. 
Long day yesterday as I worked then went to the Rox game.  Hurdle fired, but at least they won.  Nuggs still lost 
damn, Lakers won  i wanted denver to move on. Whatever as long as the Cavs or magic beat the lakers in the finals i dont care. idont&lt;3 La
I'll be tech free for the next 24 hrs....I hope the Cavs tie it up tonight, wish I could watch but I'll be in the middle of no where 
@taylorswift13 I tried to find it in my listings to set a timer for it but during those hours it says NHL hockey  I don't want to miss it!
5 more hours and the finals begin.  No Datsyuk though.  
Datsyuk is out. 
I want a Penguins lawn sign too!  #pens
Aww Denver Nuggets.. you tried  Better luck next time. Darn Lakers.
@TVreeland Aww Denver Nuggets.. you tried  Better luck next time. Darn Lakers.
going to cousin's graduation, at lebron james' high school-during tonight's cavs game. At Lebron central and can't even watch the game 
@OJthekid Lakers are my #1 then #2 Cavs ! no need to unfollow meeee ! 
I'm so lazy why do I have to be? Lol so the Cavs r playin tonight I'll probably be home alone all bored 
@vince86 I know  I just loathe the Lakers and I grew up rooting for the Lakers against the Celtics.
Is tonight the night in whic LBJ and his Cavs go home... i wish that... but i think everything decide in game 7... 
Tonight could be bron brons could go home  im of course praying for the miricle...Cavs plz step up and help lebron play!!!
Today could be bron brons could go home  im of course praying for the miracle...Cavs plz step up and help lebron play!!!
Tonight  bron bron could go home  im of course praying for the miricle...Cavs plz step up and help lebron play!!!
Tonight  bron bron could go home  im of course praying for the miracle...Cavs plz step up and help lebron play!!!
@dannygokey Kobe better watch out! haha. my g-ma met u @ the finale bummed i couldnt meet ya cause i was stuck in the idol xtra taping 
Thunder Storm 
@AriesVenusStarr yeah too bad the Magic gone win tonight 
god damnit nows it 24 followers  oh well lets go Cavs!!
I just realized that i have to watch this on nbc  oh the horror! #Pens
waiting for my Cavs to play. I know they won't disappoint me like the Nuggets. 
Thunder storm  its scaring the puppy!
Is watching game 6, going for Cavs but thinks magic will win 
i have a bad feeling that the Cavs wont win tonite. 
R.I.P. Clevland 
Watching the Cavs game, I was looking for a game 7, but I guess not 
Aww man... At this rate the finals is going to be Lakers vs Cavs... Maybe next year King James 
   I am going to shed tears if the Cavs have to go home tonight. Like seriously
Working on his final paper and watching the cavs who will lose 
it's not looking good for the Cavs. 
The Cavs are not looking too good 
I don't have a good feeling Lebron 
@anrserge Cavs are making me sick Serge  if they dont win umma kick Bron where it hurts!
With the way this damn game is going, we just might see LeBron in a Knicks Jersey next year 
Cavs are fucked. They just can't win in Orlando I guess. No Kobe/Lebron dream match this year 
About to turn this game off. It was a nice run Lebron! 
.. very disappointed in the Cavs ... Playing terribly. Either the team wakes up quickly, or its over 
Cavs are losing 
It's not looking good for the Cavs. 
@christyillius The Cavs are KILLIN ME too!!!  I can't see them playing the Lakers looking like this 
sad to have missed the Bulls momentous win - no televising of the game in the U.S.   http://bit.ly/KP8go
@garyvee- how do you think us Clevelanders feel?? 
Why do the Cavs do this to me yo! 
watching the cavs getting pwnt 
It's not looking to good for the Cavs  come in LeBron work yo magic
Cavs down at the half   so much for the kobe vs lebron puppet commercials  they need a super huge 3rd quarter
I will say one thing about the game actually. I wish I didn't like Dwight Howard as much as I do. I don't want the Cavs to lose! 
What is going on with my cavs 
The Cavs are making me sad 
Doesn't look good for the cavs 
The Cleveland Cavaliers are not going to the finals this year to facts the lakers.   
This is looking like a Lakers-Magic finals.. 
cavs  ! pick up the slack. ugh.
cavs   Come on, Lebron....
No more Bron and Kobe puppet commercials after tonight 
Magic vs Lakers?? Magic will take the prize........ 
Maybe we'll see you next year, Lebron    http://twitpic.com/6b36w
Watching the Cavaliers and the Penguins...and both are losing at the moment  boo. I have faith in them &lt;3
The cavs make me sad 
Looks like the Cavs are finished  unless they pull somethin out their ***
I really don't want the Cav's  to lose 
in true Cleveland sports fashion....the Cavs have pretty much thrown away their season. 1 qtr left.... Magic slammin 3s. damn 
So basically I'm abt to lose a bet....  these damn Cavs betta get it together. I'm startn to lose hope.
can it get any worse? Cavs   Pens (:
Too bad.. I really wanted to see #Kobe against #LeBron in The Finals  
I really wish the Cavaliers could pull this one out but its really not lookin good 
the cavs are dunzo 
This is not looking to good for the Cavs 
i guess it's over for the cavs..... 
@WzeroMN No, I just want to see Cleveland steamroll the Lakers. But the Magic are beating them...  WTF happen to the Cavs?
Lebron u fucking suck!!!!!! 
Watching the Cavs getting their A$$ handed to them... 
As much as I wanna have faith n believe we can do it, sooner or later u have to face reality...smh it's over for the @Cavs 
@SongzYuuup the Cavs arent doing their job offensively...cant win, if you dont make shots..i think its a wrap 
Pretty upset right now because the Pens lost  It's all good though. We'll win all of the rest!
This game is over.   I really hope that Orlando plays like this against the Lakers.
The Pens lost!  Magic are still in it! Let's go Magic!!
@onehunnidt Amen to that. I hate the Lakers so I really hope Orlando takes it cuz the Cavs lost it 
Poor King Jame  Next up: My Lakers against the Magic!
just watched the Pens lose. 
Consoling myself with some red wine and organic dark chocolate after #Pens loss 
Not looking good for the cavs  come on Lebron!!!!!!
@AnnaCampos Poor King Jame  Next up: My Lakers against the Magic!
Poor King James  Next up: My Lakers against the Magic!
The Magics are not having it...gosh Lebron! 
So it is a Lakers/Cavs series...damn...I don't like Dwight Howard. 
what's wrong with LeBron James? 
LeBron vs. Kobe...maybe next year 
Totally bummed out watching the Cavs game. 
@raymidnite Lebron aint going nowhere. Cleveland just needs 2 support him, rebuild. Pistons in same position. With no Lebron 
Feeling sad ... I wanted the Cavs to win... 
Hmm.  #Pens lose, #Cavs lose, started out as such a promising sports night 
@Krucial Go Lakers?!?! I wanted to see Kobe / LeBron 
@daringone Hmm.  #Pens lose, #Cavs lose, started out as such a promising sports night 
what happened to the Cavs? &amp; sorry 2 say the Magic doesnt stand a CHANCE with the lakers; sorry 
ummmm....why are the Cavaliers losing right now.....I want to see the puppet show...: 
This cleveland game is over. What happened Lebron?  good job to Magic though.
I hate to see my Cavs get eliminated. 
OK, its a wrap... my feelings are hurt now. Cavs lose, no King James in the NBA finals. 
just put some tired boys to bed.  The Stingrays lost.  
I haven't been this disappointed watching a sporting event in a long time. It hurts...     I'll ride with LeBron to the end tho
Reality slowly sinking in  Much love, Cavs.
@PrincessSuperC Cavs down by 20 3 mins left... just in case u arent watching.. its over for Lebron 
Cavs  86-101 with about 1 minute left on the clock man whyyyyyyy
Lakers and Orlando on NBA Finals! Woohoo! Sorry guys.. but your Nuggets &amp; Cavs didn't make it!  Go Lakers, it's time to get that ring!
http://twitpic.com/6b5mu - Alf not happy with LeBron or the Cavs 
Completely forgot the Cavs were playin tonight! I just saw the score! Damn are you serious? I guess no Kobe vs LeBron 
I was looking forward to a Kobe/Lebron final...not to be 
Ugh. Cavs. 
Cavs - very sad 
I'm totally bummed the Cavs lost. I thought King James was gonna pull this one off... Guess not 
@chatterboxpr you were very right about that with 1:49 to go. Cavs not getting it done 
so disappointed in the game ~ I thought this was Lebron's year!!!    the playoffs won't be the same for me!
@lemdunigan @kingdobson maaaaaan is it a wrap guys? want the Cavs to come back but ummm....  
Too bad, cavs. 
Cavs losin bad  hit me up on yahoo dnt feel like tweetin tonite my yahoo is djhaze1986
Cavs are done  it's  #lakers and magic on finals #nba
Just turned on the game to see the Cavs get a BEATDOWN...smh 
So much for the Lebron / Kobe matchup 
i'm sad LeBron, i wished you and the Cav's could have gone farther in the NBA playoffs 
i cant belive cavs lost wow now im not gonna see kobe vs james   #NBA
ah well Cavs lost 
@SongzYuuup Lebron is mad; I feel bad for him 
@kbonded I kno right! I really want'd LeBron &amp; Mo 2 play the Lakers 
#cavs  .... Enough said...
I can't believe the cavs lost 
bummer..bummer ..bummer...Cavs are eliminated  
Sadly the Cavs couldn't stop that Magic act 
Sad that curse of Cleveland sports teams continues with the Cavs elimination tonight 
Cavs well it's over for Lebron and the Cavs... 
Jus got back from da mall with Travis, damn the Cavs lost....  that fricken blows, poor Lebron...aha NOT, I dnt giva _! Now lets go Magic!
Abracadabra... The Magic make LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers disappear from the NBA Playoffs 
Aaaww! I wanted LeBron to win 
And I'm sad Cleveland didn't make it!!! They always come up short... Feel bad for Lebron! It was suppose to be his year!! 
Cavs lost  heartbreaking
errg! disappointing! Cavs lost to the stinkin Magics!!!! 
At least I have someone to root for, instead of WHOEVER plays the Lakers. Although rooting for the Cavs would've been far grander. *sigh* 
@5OH7 is going to miss the Lebron Kobe puppet commercials. 
Oh well...   Perhaps they (Cavs) will make it all the way to the top next season.
just watched the cavs lose 
Fuck now I have to @jimjonescapo talk shit all night! The Cavs seriously let me down 
No lebron vs Kobe. Damn where you dick riders @ Cavs 
So upset the cavs lost 
Is going to miss the Lebron Kobe puppet commercials. 
I wouldve really enjoyed seeing Lakers vs Cavs in the finals but I'll live 
Man I just lost 20 bucks never going for the Cavs again 
@always_elle @NessTea @koreas Thanks guys *hugs* I can't stop crying  I'm going to miss my boys so much. I hope your Lakers kill the Magic
I'm sad that the Cav's lost... I really like Lebron 
I am very disappointed in the Cavs performance....they had it in them but they gave up 
My Cavs have been eliminated 
@itskels  I'm so sad!  *sigh*  We'll get 'em next year! If LeBron don't leave us! 
Awwwwwww poor Lebron can't win the division series  o well time for the lakers to beat the magic... I hope
only james cannot take Cavs to NBA final  We have to wait for one more year
I'm sad like Lebron 
I'm very disappointed n the Cavs now I don't have anybody 2 go 4 n the finals  
... So now what's gonna happen to the Kobe &amp; Lebron Puppet commercials? I liked them 
@Chcl8QTPie I most def agree!! Lebron all day everyday 
How ironic, I guess we were lookin for that Lebron/Kobe matchup... What went wrong Cavs?! So disappointed!!! 
I am so bummed I won't get to see the Kobe/LeBron throwdown 
Cavs ass got whooped tonite 
Mad that the Cavs lost  but I still love Lebron!! Still my favorite player!!
Amazing reception!! Too bad about the Cavs 
I just heard the news that the Cavs lost  MAN that is unfortunate. Haha I had such high hopes.
Redwings 3 Penguins 1 Balls blue. 
Well, there's always next year.  God, the Cavs sucked against Orlando 
Sad.    I really, really wanted to see The Cavs vs. The Lakers.
@TheRealJordin yeah! LeBron  all his hardwork's gone.
I don't think the cavs are going to pull it off 
Just cant believe it  go lakers i guess
sad about the Cavs 
Ugh the Lakers are going to kill Orlando 
fucking cavs 
SOoOo disappointed in the Cavaliers tonight where was the defense????? 
Lakers vs Cavs would have stimulated the economy 
Too bad Cavs 
...no more Lebron 
Dwight howard too much for lebron and the cavs.. Magic won the serires 4-2.. sad... 
Magic and Lakers in the NBA finals. Too bad we have to wait til Thursday for game 1...I'll miss most of the games on a youth trip 
@NuRse_2009 SOoOo disappointed in the Cavaliers tonight where was the defense????? 
Clevland 
So I missed the game 2nite....n I heard my Cavs lost  thats cool, Kobe still gone ball on D. Howard! FUCK ORLANDO!!!!
So disappointed in Cleveland Cavs 
I wanted Cavs to win. 
is home again tonight, tired of being sick.    At least the Wings won!!
I really wanted the Cavs to win. 
@SongzYuuup I actually wanted the cavs to win  but that was crushed 
Cavs what happen you guys?  
@karriedaway not good  cavs lost. ughhh.
I was hoping to see the lakers duje it out with the cavs... 
@MissPassion I liked LeBron. Heard a couple contrary things bout him 2day. Then, he jus walked off the court @ the end. He's now a sucka! 
It's really not  LeBron. 
I knew the Cavs were gonna lose going into the 2nd quarter... Poor Lebron..  103-90? that's just soooo... &gt;.&lt;
too bad Lebron   LAKERS All the way!!! LisaMM
Ugh so disgusted really thought the Cavs woulda been the come back kids  I'm not a hater so congrats to the Magic on a good game
feels like crying! No hope for Cavs.  http://plurk.com/p/xasz4
NO CAVS!!!! and magics fans are big jerks for yelling MVP at lebron at the end.   sad face.  maybe lebron/kobe faceoff next year
Cavs not so hot 2nite 
Ugh...Lakers and Magic. 
LeBron was tired u can totally tell by that he only got 25 pts., his attitude, he was so TIRED!    :@ :-S  :$  :'(
So its the Magic Vs. The Lakers in the NBA Finals.  Too bad for Lebron and the Cavs 
is sad that there are no more puppet commercials!  But as long as Kobe doesnt win, I'm happy! 
Not looking good for the cavs 
Cavs lost  I'm really upset. I'm going to bed.
Dammit the Pens played today and lost?! I thought the finals started monday 
the cavs lost. too depressed to go out 
@Jalen_Rose what u think about ur boy LeBron dipping after the game not sayin' nuthin 2 Dwight r the other Magic players? Ugh! 
Sharks lost  
Cavs  why?! The year I jump on the wagon y'all don't give me anough reason to buy a cavs shirt yet!
Lebron and the Cavs fall to Dwight Howard and the Orlando Magic to end their season 
Well the Yankees won. But the Cavs lost 
is going to root for the LAKERS for the first time in her life...I'm so pissed the Magic won! 
NBA Finals wasn't what I had hoped it would be 
slightly depressed about the Cavs loss tonight - but - this too shall pass 
NBA Finals wasn't what I had hoped it would be 
@Chinkyeyesz oh geez! please dun ask .. Magic vs Cavs .. MAGIC won 
Cavs wat the fuck  !!
Is thinking that it SUCKS that the Cavs lost  booooo!!!!
I really hope Wally doesn't leave the Cavs.   I especially hope LeBron doesn't leave! ..we gotta seriously recruit..we need a big guy...
Had a bummer of a day. Pens, Lebron and the Giants all lost.  At least Andy Roddick is still alive in the French O!
So sad for my bronbron  And the lakers are stupid.
Awww I just found out the Cavs lost  ...yeaa I kno im madd late but stillll.....
Just sad.  cavs 
UGGHHH. so sad about the Cavs losing.  
So pissed and sad the Cavs lost &amp; I didn't even get to watch the game. 
@SoGooey Magic nba champs.  sorry kobe
@pepperlive What happened to our boys?!?  I guess I'll root for Magic now...?
aww, boohoo! LeBron couldnt even shake Orlando's handdd..he was to busy crying  hahah
I want to lick the tears off Lebron's face... Aw, crybaby, cry 
is disappointed he won't get to see a Kobe and Lebron showdown. 
i SOOOOOO wanted Labron an nem 2go to the finals &amp;beat up on Kobe an nem.. dammit. go magic..... 
ugh. cavs didn't make it 
No Kobe and LeBron 
Wishes the Cavs beat Orlando 
cavs lost   But we will come back!!!
Ugh... Ariza has gas  It's SO gross.
Too bad the Cav's and my boyfriend Lebron lost 
@lakers0604 I know, I hate texas even more right now 
Had a fun night. Feel like I walked round the whole of Boulder! Sad the Cavs got beaten by the Magic tonight.  #NBA
@ben_grubb Had a fun night. Feel like I walked round the whole of Boulder! Sad the Cavs got beaten by the Magic tonight.  #NBA
Goodbye, Cavs. 
doesn't twitter near enough. It's been a bad sporting weekend, Freo and the Cavs both lost. 
Heard the sad news. I suppose no more Lebron v. Kobe commercials 
@miklasz I'm sure you're getting all kinds of tweets on this but if the Rams go I don't know what I'll do with myself - 
Orlando beats the Cavs.. I take them to win the Championship in 6... I really thought the Cavs would win this year. 
@sonnygill - My condolences on the Cavs, man...  
#ontd Cavs lost. 
@RogerRabbit12 omgosh magic won?????? yooooooo thats crazy smh damn I feel 4 da homies  I so wanted to c Kobe bust Lebron ass hehehe
 disappointed the Cavs...
@mattmacdonaldis epic loss  I was disappointed in LeBron, he just couldn't sink anything in the second half.
So ... no Lebron and Kobe matchup this year 
Awe, man the Cavs are out of the playoffs   I'm not sure who to choose to win at the finals Lakers and Magic are my favs.
Carmelo Anthony loses on his 25th birthday  LeBron James goes fishing  Lakers advance to their 30th NBA Finals  Lakers all the way!
just found out the cavs lost 
bumming it because CAVS lost...i feel so bad for Lebron 
The Magic beat the Cavs...amazing....also, i lost my phone 
@HPbasketball's latest post is trying to make me hate my team (the Lakers)  or at least see the &quot;truth&quot; about them. I disagree! GO LAKERS
@LosDosMos If you mean the Cavs, I am too! 
No Lebron Kobe finals like we hoped for grrrr!! 
is sad the Cavs r out   LBJ u had great season but luck wasnt on ur side...
Ew I dont want either of these teams to win the NBA Finals        of course I'll root for the Magic and predict the Lakers
 Cavs fizzled, tribe burnt by Yankees. Not a happy day for Cleveland. #fb
@kayLaanic0le lol but n0t a go0d impression since every1 was a Laker fan lol. i was tryin 2 get a lil drink n u c0uldnt ho0k me up  that
#Cavs lost, Lebron may be the king but he needs more help from his people!  worst day ever.
Grrr twitter was down during the WHOLE Orlando/Cavs game.  No record of my excitement during the game.
Guess I will go to bed...Cavs lost 
cavs are out of the playoffs  #nbaplayoffs #cleveland cavaliers
#fuqtwitter for the Cavs losing 
Is sad that the Cavs lost  I enjoyed the game though and look forward to going to Orlando for the finals!
I can't believe the cavs ! 
@geetika1255 cavs lost  bt now even I'll shift camps to lakers..go Kobe!
LeBron must be so sad for their lose... 
I'm really bummed that Cavs lost. I was just talking about it with Pop last night, how it would've rocked to see Kobe against LeBron. 
@_Bigcat Cavs didn't make it to the final 
No LBJ/MVP in the #NBA playoffs finals  ... but well done to the Magic
nbadeck.com No LBJ/MVP in the #NBA playoffs finals  ... but well done to the Magic: No LBJ/MVP in t.. http://tinyurl.com/l3acu8
http://twitpic.com/6boq3 - I guess it's time to dry my eyes &amp; put up my Cav earrings 
http://twitpic.com/6boq5 - I guess it's time to dry my eyes &amp; put up my Cav earrings 
 Cavs lost!!!!! WHY!!!! Magic will lose easily though
a day of upsets  Susan Boyle looses and so does Lebron and Cavs http://plurk.com/p/xdufk
Cavs lose, and everyone witnessed. Nike will probably need a new ad campaign. Pens lost though  so sports score today is 1-1.
The hype of Kobe and Lebron playing is over  Orlando and L.A. in the Finals. Lakers have the advantage but the Magic are unpredictable.
I don't watch they Magic and they win. I watch the Penguins and they lose. not good.  
I don't watch the Magic and they win. I watch the Penguins and they lose. not good. 
Waking up pretty sad 2day. What a way 2 go out....best team in the NBA sent home 
Still upset about my Cavs.... 
mourning the Cavs loss.  
LeBron// I really wanted to see LeBron &amp; Kobe though.. 
no more messaging me askin me wat happened to LeBron...yo no se  Its okay Cavs..theres always next year 
is back from an unusually lucky day, and its not just because the Cavs lost  http://plurk.com/p/xf4q0
It's gonna be Lakers and Magic in the champ I would be rooting for Magic this time them guys can play bad! All my fav teams got kO 
Cavs lost.  V disappointed. 
I AM happy the Cavs went as far as they did. At least they got that far.  For a team named Magic, they play dirty like street thugs.  
The Suns splitting the skies outside, yet i have to sit in and study for tests this week. Why could it not be sunny next week ? 
@kittyberry when can I see you again? Can I like call you sometimes? Cavs ka pala  wahaha
@Egyptsaidso u were right about lastnites game  damn i still love Lebron!lol
No NBA playoffs for 5 days  what am I gonna do?!?
Thinks smoked-salmon flavored cream cheese w/ my Sunday morning bagel is good but cannot compare to real Lox (+ still stung by Cavs' loss 
doin retarded yard work after finding out dat the Cavs lost 
No LeBron sightings after he bolted last night.. 
At the Bucks of Stars. Fucking script sucks. 
I woke up this morning feeling real bad for Lebron.... 
@AaronMShaffer I was actually really into a Cavs vs Lakers matchup. LEBRON 
@MISLP Hey what happen to my Cavs 
I really wanted to see LeBron &amp; Kobe in the finals.  Oh well; Delonte took his shirt off at the end all &amp; my disappointment went away. =D
I really wanted to see LeBron &amp; Kobe in the finals.  Oh well; Delonte took his shirt off at the end &amp; all my disappointment went away. =D
The cavs have eternally let me down 
Lebron Kobe show down  not anymoreeee grr maybe next year
@razzman Hmmm...Lebron vs. Kobe shattered. 
How Could The Cavs Lose 
I am not excited about a Lakers vs Magic Finals 
as much as I wanted Dwight and the Magic to win I feel bad for King James  *tear drops* now Magic don't make it for naught.
i still can't accept the cavs lost. 
@bABYliNDSAY i'm white too haha but, I had to have been born black, cuz i love black women, black music, NBA, but, as I'm white i'm freak 
I'm so depressed the Cavs lost last night! 
brokenhearted....Cavs for the cry 
Magic vs. Lakers!! Who's going to win? How many games? I hate to say it but Lakers in 5 games! 
Cavs lost!!! Ahhh Cobey and Lebron were supposed to play in the Championship!!!!!!    BooHoo!!
@jazziross it was a good year to be a Cavs fan thats for sure. If we cant find the right talent to put with LeBron... it may be his last 
no NBA game to watch tonight.  It's been some great games though.
@MiszRed10 I know me too   Who do you want to win in the finals, Lakers or Magic?
@JJMcQuade That's a toughy.    I WANT Lakers to win, but I'm not sure if they'll be able to beat the Magic or not.  We'll see.
just wings tonight. no more cavs 
@animallife Ugh that's horrible. Why would they wanna kill them?! Wolves are so beautiful. I  dont get what motivates these people. 
Cleveland Cavaliers..so much for easily going thru the playoffs. Lakers ftw. A bunch of quizzes &amp; tests this week 
real rap, im still upset abut LeBron.... 
@LolaMaeBee Sooner than I thought since my Cavs lost.  Or was I having a nightmare?
Ugh, another reason to not like the Pens...the guy who hurt Vinny's shoulder is on the team   Let's go Detroit, lets take Game 2!
@sloped I blame the &quot;Urban Heat Island&quot; Effect. Heat bubble pushes weather around the city  I want rain too
Looks like the Wings are just to strong for the Pens! 
am watching the Wings/Pens game and wishing it were the Flyers playing instead.  
Beginning of the 3rd period and the Redwings are winning 2-1.... 
NOT watching the finals... NO Pens OR Wings fan but can't stop myself from checking score.... hurts so bad not to watch but come on  
@CraftyMamaof4 my hub doesnt like sports  I had BEARS season passes &amp; partial Caps last yr he didnt go to 1 game. okay tho i took my bro.
@MrsPinkyIvory  And i knoww girl!!! I but in the game before that tho LeBron was beastin, i thought they had it, but it was all bad 
@alimeyer How's that trip!!??? Cavs lost  miss you
@Widdicombe Caps v Pens series = best hockey I've seen in years.  2 bad all we get over here is basketball   thx for the play by play
Pray that someway, somehow Nick can get some Lakers Finals tickets... 
oh yea!!! n im mad that cavs LOST!!!!! bron bron im smh at you!!!! i wanna c Lebron vs Kobe!!!! 
damnit I was so gone I cant remember the guy's name from the party!!! bball player; 6'11&quot; gona be in the NBA :O i wantd to add him on fb 
Wishing the Cavs were in the NBA Finals...we just can't let it go 
Pens down 2-0  But they will come back... I believe!! Lets go Pens!!!
@winecast Winning 15% of face-offs is pretty much a one-way ticket to getting swept by the Wings 
... had a fabulous saturday... the only bad thing  was that the Cavs lost... 
Thunder and lightning very very frightening... 
Thunder  I'm scared..I need a hug.. Joeee! lmao ;)
Spending precious time with Kobe before I'm gone for 9 hours....morning  http://twitpic.com/6eb9k
The Rams are for sale..  http://bit.ly/3zH5oc
The Finals: Go Lakers!!...Fadia con 3 piquetes 
NBA: If Kobe had done what Lebron did there would have been a torch and pitch fork parade from NY to Cali.  
In language class . Jazz tired day 
first time twittering. just checked NBA update. lakers vs. magic. fun match up. first game on friday morning beijing, still at work 
Sadden the Cavs lost! Next year! 
@frizk You mean.... no more dodge Vipers?! 
@DRUMMABOY_LIVE u were wrong about the Magic!  i should have placed a bet with you 
had a good weekend with friends, had a lot in thought and bummed that the Cavs didn't get to the finals. 
Thunder and Lightning oh yeah, too bad I don't have time to go outside 
Note to Cavs:  Nice guys finish last.  NBA wants thugs for winners. NBA gave up on sportsmanship years ago.  
@froznvoice - Since the cavs made the playoffs. I'm no longer interested now that they lost. 
Because of my dog she was loose!  &lt;&lt;Go Lakers&gt;&gt;
@MegWink It sucks that all the other sports NEVER END (MLB, NBA, NHL) yet football is only around so briefly 
thursday= game 1 between My Lakers and the Magic(who i also like, but will have to come in 2nd,sorry).. sad bball season is almost over! 
@JohnMetBetty Be sure to clean it really well. Nature's Magic works as well as good old vinegar. Otherwise they'll keep going back. 
Cavs went home  lakers are going to own magics for the playoffs. One of my only days off and I'm going to go see up with some monkeys.
Out of here &amp; PayN Bills....   Twitt@cha later
English Premier League (soccer) is over and Cavs are out of the NBA playoffs.  I now have no sports to watch for the next few weeks 
No presentation of #Fifa10 #NBA10 oder #NHL10  Now on stage: Tom French, who presents #TheSaboteur
 @ people steady bringing up Lebron fishing///
i dont read directions very well  hahahaha ohh mr. Laker, the emo rollercoaster ride you put me through.
Thunder storm 
@stwainer Heat pump &amp; wood burning fireplace. A/C for summer cooling. No on-demand H2O heating which I wanted more than anything 
@Lakers So much for buying tickets to the NBA Finals. Even with Laker supporter presale code no tickets were available for any game here. 
DAMN IT! I was TOTALLY WRONG! Cavs lost and I'm bummed. I thought it was gonna be the Lakers vs Cavs. Cavs blew it. So sad right now 
I saved 2500 dollars on 2009 NBA Finals tickets, by being a Cavaliers fan 
There's no Lebron on tonight.  What the hell am I supposed to do!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I don't want to give up Kobe. 
I can't believe the Gators softball team is blowing it 
relaxing, for tomorrow I work for another month then vacay!!! waitin for an NBA game 
I will be watching the @Lakers play against the Orlando Magics on Sunday for Game 2 of the Finals. I am officially broke. 
@TwoPeasandPod awww, why not the Lakers? 
I guess I'm on the Thunder Diet..  I wanted to go get ice cream but now there's a thunder storm and I'm too scared to go outside. 
my streak of 54 correct answers is over    dang Clippers!!!
I want Pens tickets for tomorrow 
@DrWatts Haha I was listening to Kings 
@The_Product you mite be rite. I dont even like the Lakers &amp; I loathe Kobe more than Frankenshoulders... Lebron really let me down 
Kobe leaves tomorrow. And Kobe is a girl. 
@deiknuo I'm glad. We were similarly spared in Ch Kings, where I was curate, tho neighbour opposite flooded twice in 6 weeks. 
HOw was your day at home sam? Enjoy nothingness? School was quite boring (y). Going for Orlando for NBA finals cus ih8 the lakers they're 
@nikki : didn't do it.  We didn't have a team so we stayed in and watched &quot;All That Jazz&quot; instead.
Thunder and lightning please don't ruin my tennis workout 
I bought a Blazers today and some jacket haha, damn I still want the dress 
@mychalbarr  sniff, sniff... @Lakers if you hear me, please give tix to the finals to @mychalbarr @meechwells and @kelobeats THEY LUV U!!
Loss it tough for fans and Lebron, yes indeed  http://tr.im/n9Cr
Thunder.  I'm all by myself, too.
nailed it! Heat is making me make mistakes 
@Asiaticmajic haha, yeah.. bball's gonna be soo boring for me now w/out the Cavaliers  i heart Delonte!!!
@aral is it possible to share your used links in the &quot;Remember the Magic&quot; talk. The slides were switching to fast to write them down... 
I need a 30 minute nap. Then Ive gotta study for finals. Then the #Pens game. Is it true no #LetangSexHair tonight? 
WTF!!! comon #Pens get in the game. 2-1 wings 
@VickiJ957 thank stinks there are no Sonics around here  Honestly I have never even been to a Sonic.
@leonnea I'm right there with you! I miss watching Rondo   Next season is so far away! We need a C's support group, lol.
I'm so lost without basketballl   Thursday, when the Lakers hand their Magic their ass, can not get here quick enough.
Wings.. 
Pres. Obama picks the Lakers to win  sad face
@NBA President Obama chose #Lakers  Wrong move to make it public. Too divisive, imho. #NBA
I am not looking forward to being in Durant for the next two days. 
I guess I should go to bed...Pens pulled through but my Bears lost in the last minutes of the game 
being a fairy=legs of steel! P.S. Of course the day I'm not scheduled for my HSM shift the cast does a Lakers vs. Magic photoshoot! Boo! 
Thunder and lightening is so loud it woke me up 
Thunder sounds like fireworks right now  I don't like thunder and lightening; it scares me.
Thunder woke me up! 
watching NBA LIVE 
@Hollywood_Trey I was happy as hell when the Bulls picked him up.....just to see him get released 10 days later 
This sucks! The Wings lost! 
I hate that JJB only do 4/5 NBA teams jerseys. It's so annoying. 
The Suns Gone 
22 days until the NBA Draft still 
Waa! Lightning &amp; Thunder! 
Blegh, why is it so difficult to play We the Kings songs on acoustic 
Is out of the office this a.m. But still working.   Gooooooo Lakers!
Really sad that no one went with &quot;Thunder! Thunder! Thundercats!!!&quot; today... I shoulda done it, at least. 
In sports: No contract extension with the Raps for CB4 after the upcoming NBA season? Whuuuuuut? 
really wish it was cavs vs lakers  this series is boring
super irked the Lakers won 
Hossa needs to make a positive impact in game 5. He's not too far off, just needs a goal. But I've come to accept that the Pens will win 
Thunder and lighting 
@Geebose but i am gonna address the finals tho, and about how Lebron ran with his tail between his legs after he lost to the magic... 
No King James  Kobe in 5 games Well I still have the Cubs
@pierremcguire The mystique of the Wings has been having the killer instinct and putting teams away. With how they lost can they recover 
sitting here playing NBA 2K9 all by myself...now how boring could that be 
@TheGoalieGuild @dani3boyz The more she talks about the NHL Draft TweetUp, the more depressed I get.  Pookey. 
up late and trying to study.. I want to go to the Lakers game but can't afford them.  
@Ion_Cluck: omg now I want Jazz 
Comets go down 12-10  #qrl
Heat is getting to me. I've got a headache  - http://tweet.sg
OMGGGGGGGGGG thank goodness 4 Jay-Z D.O.A... I &lt;3 that song.... I could do without Lil'Wanyes Kobe Bryant 
@richardroscoe Deep Heat is only just touching the ache 
Yay: Thunder. Boo: Thunder, but stepdad hasn't gone to get my car yet. 
Booo! @3sweden aren't selling the HTC Magic without you signing up to one of their subscription plans 
Wow the WNBA opening is going to be a good game.  #L.A.Sparks play Detroit Shock with no #CandaceParker  &lt;*Tiffany
3 to 11. Heels aren't helping my toeee  it hurts!
game over; Warriors lose 
REALLY REALLY REALLY wants to go to another Magic game............ 
Hogs are stressing me out 
It's 35F today and raining and snowing at the same time  This weather is just nuts. Lightning storm yesterday kept me off my computer.
If you happen to like the WNBA, follow me @jejones_sacbee cuz I'm at the Monarchs game. If u don't follow me, you don't like me 
@rudym55 that thing about Shaq was very disappointing. 
@NadiaNV, Hahaha yesssss. LAL won cause Kobe's a beast obv. I wish I could go to Game 2. 
What a great night of sport: Wallabies and Lakers on fire! Shame about the Roosters 
@k_banks00 I noticed Datsyuk was back.  Yay for you!
Oh what a let down, I was all ready to watch the Lakers &amp; didn't know the game was tomorrow. 
watching my Penguins losing game 5..   
doesn't look like the pens are gonna win this one  #NHL
damnnnnn...  just checked in on the hockey game - i dunno if the Pens can do it  this year either...    detroit just DOMINATES..
Wings just too damn good.    C'mon Pens!
Watching the Pens losing 4-0 and I am not happy 
The Penguins are falling apart 
@TerryLott Pens are down by 5! 
Watching the Pens game...it's not good 
The one NHL finals game I get to watch and it's a 5-0 game. 
YEAAAAAH WINGS 5-0, currently 5 on 3. The Penguins are sad 
Pens are down 5-0  One more period to go
@LIVESTRONGCEO the Pens are behind 5-0 
@JoyKnows LOL - that was in reference to the Pens game, which just went kablooey in the 2nd period. 
This hockey game is not going the way it is supposed to go!     The Penguins need to get it together!!!!
watching the Redwings beat up the Penguins. Wish it was the other way 
I can't watch this game anymore....  Pens 
I give up....Penguins did not bring their A game there is no chance of a come back in game 5 
You're breaking my heart tonight Pens....ow 
@LilShawtySwagg i knowwwwwwwww! U aint tawkd 2 me since da Cavs lost 
I can't watch the #Penguins vs #Redwongs game on TV   BUT I've got Twitter! Thanks guys for keeping me up to speed. Go #Redwings!!! #NHL
@CapsFans Fedorov update:  http://bit.ly/suuBd Apparently he's leaning towards the KHL  #Caps #Nhl
DaGreatOvechkin: Fedorov update:  http://bit.ly/suuBd Apparently he's leaning towards the KHL  #Caps #Nhl
I rushed home to watch the Lakers and Orlando... there not on tonight 
Dammit, the Penguins lost the game tonight. Only sport I actually care about and my team loses. 
Detroit made Pens look pathetic 2nite w/ superior skill &amp; a few dives that led 2 powerplay goals. Crosby flat, showed zero leadership. 
@fastbreak_nash   that sucks
@fastbreak_nash     is it really hot there now?
@misslonetta Your Pens made me sad tonight 
Woken at 6am by Thunder and Lightning was in a lovely sleep now can't get back to sleep 
cant believe I am missing the NHL and NBA playoffs!! first time in about 15 years im missing the finals! 
It was a great day diving, viz is getting better but sadly no Whale Sharks today 
I'm dunk as he'll 
Thunder    guess it'll be a rest day - time for yoga ~ om
@mfhorne Thunder is brill, unless it hits you 
Thunder!! But no rain 
Thunder and lightening well bad here 
The Magic are playing their second finals game, and where will I be? At the social chaperoning my little sister to her friend's concert. 
Thunder's here! 
@Nique_GoodyBag I lost my fave pair in the car wreck 
hey .. anthony .. shuddup  leave the lakers alone
@magician0 Yeah, I was hoping for a LeBron and Kobe showdown as well 
I already miss the Raptors playing. 
@Lakerin250 but we KNOW the Wings will win! what's the point 
damn, i just found out how cheap WNBA tickets are. i wish there was a team near me 
Watching Nascar race at Pocono.  Gonna watch NBA Finals later tonight--don't really have anyone I'm cheering for though.  
Exhausted from cleaning and moving and it's still not all done  Magic Game tonight!!!!
I studied a little, but I still got ALOT to go  I changed out of my pjs like 2 minutes ago lol, now off with my mom to buy a Lakers shirt
Pens!!  Waiting for this Laker game......
The staff from @Lakers is trying to make me go back to my car to return my camera. Nooo. 
Woke up at 7am to watch the #Lakers game. TV isn't working!! Stayed an extra night in Beijing because hostel had NBA tv. 30min to fix it! 
Sunday Confession on behalf of me and Lebron: the lakers are the best TEAM in the NBA this year   man It hurts to say that
Almost game time. If the Magic don't win tonight, idk if I can forgive them.  (lol, j/k. I don't take it THAT seriously.)
jus dropped my yungin off in Buford 4her 2nd week of work dis summer  &quot;i miss her alrdy&quot; (lol) bout 2head 2da hse...&amp; watch da Magic t ...
@raczilla hope so...hopefully Kobe show doesn't kick in the 3rd quarter like last time...yikes! 
Where's @BillPlaschke with Laker updates!?! 
until then, go lakers 
ughhh 35-40 lakers up! 
LAKERS &lt;3 I really don't want to write this essay 
wow. That story about Ariza's brother is so sad. 
@SpiritualEyes 35-40. lakers in the lead 
@sportsguy33 How true!! This finals is....ughhhhhh...I wish so dearly it was Nuggets/Cavs right now 
watching Kobe stomp all over magic sorry @xoxoKellyNina 
My cable is out Innovative sucks!!! Right in the middle of Tropic Thunder  I am mad
my Pens lost  &amp; no hockey tonight, time to read a book!
is at home..misses being held..my Mr. refuses to spend time with me...softball 1st them me...watching the Magics and Lakers game alone... 
@glhaze Kobe is just too strong.  I don't think the Magic will win more than 1.  A Kobe vs. Lebron matchup would have been sick.  
watching the game.  But I'm indifferent to the winner b/c they're not the Nuggs! 
watching Kobe, then bed time  work 8-12, class stuff, practice, class stuff again then all over again ugh!
@nsuttner Is this your burst of snarky anger that was saved up after the Bulls lost? I feel the same way. 
@atllas: lol yeeeah I'm the only Lakers fan here  where u at?
Still hard 4 me to root for da Magic after they took out my Cavs 
Watching the Magic game....wish they would kick it up a knotch! DH had to go to work....   so sad...hope things are okay for him!
Magic might beat the @Lakers  this is a close game
Lakers are making me stress out! 
My nig Kobe sometimes shoot a lil too much...he should've passed it to Ariza  &quot;hero syndrome&quot;
@wsoplive Thanks!  I DVR'd the Lakers game so I could watch it after this final table.  Now, I don't have to 
That was way to close....i really thought the Lakers were about to lose 
@Miss_ShaRee The Orlando Magic had no chance coming into this series 
Kobe/Pau should've fouled harder  #GoLakers #Lakers
Games aren't the same without Lebron  I miss him man...
Lakers up by 5 
@Pinkii2  I don;t really have a FAV since Denver gone   So I will go with the Magic .
Damnit Magic....get it together... 
@lukaswinn My manager is a Laker fan. I SO don't want him to be laughing at me tomorrow morning. 
@moonfrye I wish it was a LeBron / Kobe match up 
How can I go to sleep when I'm following the Lakers game on Twitter? I can't fall asleep with the TV on b/c even ABC doesn't come w/ DTV. 
I am so not a fan of the NBA right now 
@djknucklehead Aghh. I love you; but no. You can't root for Kobe Bryant! ew 
@Jule425 Man I hate Kobe Bryant and the Lakers and want them to win this thing.  But I don't think it's looking good 
Frakin' Lakers.... Why, oh why did my husband root against Cleveland?  
@jessepeakdotcom crap Lakers win! 
arghhh. Magic 
Magic let me down  missin the cavs still
We were SO close!!  But its not over yet. I still believe in Magic!
@PhillyD lakers win 
Magic lost.  but @DwightHoward we still love you.
SHIIIIIIT!!!!!!! Magic lost 
Yelling Lakeshow simply because I want to be in with the cool kids ... and no that OT extension did not produce more puppet commercials 
Magic lose in OT 
Well that was stressful &amp; disappointing  Lakers win in overtime. Magic seemed not to understand the concept of offensive rebounds. #Magic
is beginning to think that inevitable is going to happen and that the Lakers are going to win the NBA championship 
I think the Lakers won... But I'm not 100% sure... DVR messed up the recording 
@mrmarcusw so close  I'm rooting for Gasol but I would like the magic to win at least one game.
My man Turkoglu, who is Muslim too!, played a great game but unfortunately Magic still lost  Maybe playing in Orlando next will help :/
Pissed the Magic lost.  Talk about a disheartening loss 
Playing WWF No Mercy on Nintendo 64.  I miss Latino Heat 
Pissed that the lakers won. Magic were so damn close 
Magic, you disappointed me today. 
I'm gone for the evening, but please don't laugh on the Orlando Magic loss against the LA Lakers..... 
No Magic for the Magic 
boo hoo tha Lakers won 
back at skool for classes  .... just finished watching the Lakers, 2-0 sounds GrEat!!!!
is very upset that he lost the ability to follow the NBA finals when Comast took away his free cable... 
@therealcabbie DET in 6 back 2 back..but what's w/ the crazy time btwn Laker games tho?? this is a sad time..all that's lft is baseball 
damn... I guess Kobe is serious about the ring this time.... 
The Magic lost again 
@TheODI  ..what's with the Magic???
Magic should have won the game tonight in the NBA Finals 
@BgirlShorty not a Lakers fan 
@KENDRAGRADIO the lakers won and didnt go to summer jam 
@Vicstar   Game's over.. Screw the Lakers
Don't give up, Orlando.  Kobe is just incredible... he is NOT better than MJ though. Anyone who thinks so is cuckoo bananas.
@DonnieWahlberg should be the lakers and the cavs playing right now 
Not a good end to night... Magic lose and I got really sick! 
Q: What's worse than losing to the Lakers?  A: Losing to the Lakers in the NBA Finals in an overtime thriller 
Get 'en next time Magics 
dang I didnt get to see the Lakers game  I wanted to see them win..
soooo sad the finals are over  I hate the Lakers
I DON'T like driving on streets that require me to drive 40 mph+ That was effing scary. &amp; I woke up from my nap AFTER Lakers won the game 
I'm so sad that Orlando lost  Congratulations to the Lakers though
i'm very tired, cause saw the Nba playoff final than i can't sleep.... 8:00 i must go to excursing  pfff
wat a bitter end to a great NBA season 
Yay Lakers...2009 NBA Champions! I'm putting off entering my grades....I hate end of the year chores. I'm a procrastinator!!! 
says For the first time in 8 years I lost in NBA Finals...  http://plurk.com/p/10zz97
@angiecole, that's why I can't bring myself to like the Lakers... Sonics fans would have never stooped to that... RIP Sonics 
@Jon4Lakers wish I couldve been in vegas for the championship game 
Sleeping. NBA season over  http://myloc.me/3T8o
Laker crush Magic.. Lakers win 15th NBA championship..!! NBA season over 
sad to see Mexico flag waving from supposed Laker fans as riot takes over Laker celebration  (via @wendycarrillo)
Lakers crush Magic..Lakers win 15th NBA championship..!! NBA season over 
@NBA can we extend the season cuz this win is bittersweet (GO LAKERS!)? no more b-ball for 3-4 months 
I can't believe the Lakers won  Good try Magic. This has been an awesome NBA season.
sad that the NBA season is over 
sad that the NBA season is over  omg http://tinyurl.com/negthf
sad that the NBA season is over  LOL http://tinyurl.com/lpbttv
sad that the NBA season is over  LOL http://tinyurl.com/knsvjp
missed the Lakers win the finals cuz I was on set of a film shoot. poo. Probably why they won  lol
I hate playing Kings 
I guess she rele hates the lakers .... 
starting to become a Kobe fan, he is just amazing player!  still not feeling 100%, hopefully will 2morrow
watching all kinds of highlights of Lakers celebrating... blegh! 
finally made it home. and yes, i booed the flatscreen @ the bar! i wanted Rashard to have a ring... 
is disappointed in the Orlando Magic 
@danielherval Wanted the Magic to win 
nah nah, nah nah nah nah, hey hey hey...goodbye (Magic) 
Lakers is the champion...  How I wish, it was Magic!!!!
Okaaay, Lakers won they're the champs I get it... How I wish it was Magic!!! Magic is waaaaaay better than Lakers! 
In accounting with Mita Bulas, gotta do work  But im even more depressed the Lakers won the championship ( Nuggets '10
I have no internet on my phne rite now  so cuda update yestaday....still pissed dat my Magic lost and on dere home court but o well
oh. im depressed with the turnout kanina sa NBA.  magic!!
LAKE show finally wins it! Kobe#24 proved that he's better than Lebron  owel...
Thunder coming from the heavens 
Maybe next year Magic. 
Dragging ass..........long night watching Magic lose  
@Alexandracopley congratulations to the lakers, but I wish the Celtics were there 
It's Thunder and lightning 
This weekend went by too quickly. I wish I was at the Pens parade 
@notokipromise Furby doesnt like the Thunder 
wishes I didn't have to work so I could go to the Pens parade 
Shocker Lakers win NBA Titlle  I wanted Orlando to win but not in the cards. Kobe Bryant is an unbelievable player
Heat index is 102. today but it has to be atleast 120. in the boxes of these trucks 
@fountain1987 where abouts in Ibiza r u, bet the weathers better there than here. Thunder and lightning 
im tired i wanna go home watching americas next top model, NBA, and wizards of waverly place  lets go hooommmee !!
@FrankRamblings Yes Babby steps for eating meat. Too much meat makes me ill  I miss meat so much!
Bored at work... nobody wants to talk about the game  they are all Magic fans, the haters have nothing to say. Yay Lakers!
making some money today, travelin, and gotta eat some lunch soon. wonder when were going to get a &quot;Rasin Canes&quot; in wv, not anytime soon 
@JohnAguiar   I feel exactly the same way.  I think i'll not watch the NBA until he's gone.  
Really sad the NBA playoffs are over for good 
Hedo Turkoglu's agent told the Sentinel on Mon the Magic forward will opt out of contract &amp; become a free agent in 2 wks (via @WFTV) 
Damm no one wants to go to the Laker parade on wed with me 
Ah! Anthro final was so hard/confusing.  Ughhh. I think I have to be okay with getting a B   At least I'm done &amp; the Laker's won!
The Orlando Magic let me down  Who told them to roll over &amp; play dead?
#iremember when the Bulls where the best NBA team. #iremember when Mexico was the best team in the CONCACAF. 
Thunder and Lightning 
I'm kinda sad basketball is over. Now what are we gonna watch? I'm gonna miss seeing Pau Gasol's hair bounce with such grace 
I know something is wrong when I can't watch One Tree Hill without wanting to cry...looking forward to next season, Magic...no Hedo?  
Hey, did anyone see Gonchar at the parade?? 
@BigCactus32 are you really getting traded to the cavs? 
@stevebodnar  agreed especially when it was the team I truly wanted to win. I got peeps sending me videos claiming Pens go more class 
I'm so tired of seeing tweets about Turk opting out of his Magic contract 
just watched last nights NBA finals game  Damn, shit and balls. Orlando lost 
@Tokenito Your breaking my heart  Kobe is a good player you can not deny it, If you dont like him personally I understand!!!
@shesroyaltee Also means we won't get the GMs we've always known and love. 
@elo619 what did u say? Lebron didn't even make it to the finals? Awww I know  poor baby ;-P LLAAKKEERRSS!!
@__MichaelThomas Geeeez I need to move to Cali! Lakers flags all over the place?! I'd kill to see that! I was the only one I saw today 
 Losee Magic
@alissaferrino and lots of Thunder 
i really hate that the lakers won 
Thunder  Scarweeee
I'm ecstatic about the Lakers championship, but kinda sad that there's no more basketball games to watch 
just picked up my 2009 NBA champions shirt from the NBA store, shirt did not come with champaign on it 
Thunder &amp; lightning! But I want 2 sleep 
(clears throat) Nick- (dryly stating) congrats on the championship. I still HATE the Lakers!!! I just knew Orlando was going to delivery! 
i think imma miss the Laker parade.!   becuz i have classs.. wow.! that sucks.. maybe my teacher will cancel class.. ha yeah riite.!
I am totally lost no Sox or NBA Finals Or Stanley Cup to watch tonight. 
Doesn't look like the Hogs are gonna pull this one out 
Teague makes the decision to leave WF for the NBA Draft 
Selfish of me, but I wish the Lakers would've lost yesterday -- my godfather just told me he got tickets for game 6 
Selfish of me, but I kind of wish the Lakers hadn't won yesterday - my godfather j/ told me he had tickets for game 6  oh well, next year!
@adamcbest i havent really tweeted about the lakers ever.  jk 
@Deestrukt Mane I knew Lakers were going to win the whole time. I think I'm gonna make em' my new team cause I'm sick of being let down 
NHL 2K9 is kicking my ass. 
Hedo can't leave... 
I enjoyed the &quot;illegal lmao bon fire with the class of 'o9! it was soo much fun! Cant believe we ran out of Magic! (NBA Finals)... 
@arataka that really sucks    I wanna see what would happen if the Warriors win the next finals... probably nothing.  XD
NBA &amp; NHL Finals are over. Sad that Sportcenter highlights for the next 3 months will be home runs, double plays, and Tiger Woods 
Yes I'm alive, I'm so excited on the Lakers win but sad at the way some of the L.A  CACA  heads acted. 
With the economy being bad. Lakers might not have a parade! 
I miss the NBA right now. How am I going to live if everyday I look on the tv and see nothin about bball/nba?!?  man I miss it so much.
Waiting to go to the club! have to say goodbye to Jazz! waaaaa 
Sports day at the primary giving a wee hand cya all later gutted no more NBA games though 
@gmg2001 LOST is off season. NBA finals are done. what are we gonna do now? 
I saw Robert Horry in Vegas on Saturday, I wish he was still part of Lakers! I know he is retired 
Suns gone in now 
rains heavily...I wanna go out   upset ...  theres no NBA life....
Also, I'm not sure why, my Golden Nuggets didn't taste particularly nommy today 
Please say it ain't so! Please don't let Farve play for the Vikings!  I've been a Vikes fan all my life, but I'll have to boycott them!!!
Suns out here! Yet my hayfever is playing up 
$25 t-shirt and now Turkoglu is going to be a free agent  grr Turk
@RyanSeacrest I missed Kobe. 
News Flash... @Nene0529 doesn't care about me 
Oh yay! I just got my Orlando Magic eastern conference champs shirt that I ordered a couple of weeks ago... 
@shesroyaltee according to GMs, it's only a week anyways 
Hey, I was right about the Lakers' RIOT ... But, I was really hoping for something more 
It's reached arctic temps in my office.  Penguins are migrating here tomorrow.  Polar bears never RSVPed.   Why yes, I am losing my mind!
It's a little late, but I'm reallly bummed that the Redwings lost 
@Wale I was just sayin that yesterday! NBA season over smh it's no goodie 
really wish i could be at the Laker parade tomorrow to celebrate with my bestfriends(LakerFans)!... 
@memphisnews Nearest I can think of is Magic Springs... 3 hrs from here 
No more NBA till next season, what i'm i going to do 
I miss The Wiz cast  &lt;3
Heat has me exhausted like hell..wish I wouldve seen them throw bows lol but we got there too late 
Just realized I'll be in NyC while the Laker parade is happening 
No Laker parade for me  I'll just have to watch it on tv
Studying for math final, then watching Real Housewives season finale! I really want to go to the Lakers parade tomorrow. 
eatin Chinese food...damn man no more NBA  fuck
Ozzie looks good.  Wow. I can't believe that he's been retired for 12 years.  I miss the Wiz.
is sad because i kan`t go to the Laker game tomorrow!!!!! 
Watching Tropic Thunder...and officially became the only person that has NOT seen The Hangover 
Still stewing over the thought of Farve in purple... 
@tkorte20 peeps I know you're upset the Magic didn't win  You and me both!
I really wish I could go to the NHL draft 
@Just4McNabb I work saturday  is it on demand?
2 bad ill be at work during the Laker parade 
@NYC_CoachO you just made a bad day worse  a Spurs fan GRRR!!!
@princess_die Is that any way 2 speak 2 somebody who converted u to the Laker religion?! After all I've done n this is the respect I get? 
@Jazz214 i'm sad i won't see you for another couple months 
i sooooo wish i could be at the Lakers parade tomorrow!  will someone please give me a ride?
@all_time_shane I guess I'm gonna have to get The Office or rent it or something, no Lakers 
i sooooo wish i could be at the Lakers parade tomorrow!  will someone please give me a ride? http://twurl.nl/3upnus
i gots to work  go lakers !
Grrrr... ran out of black thread and no green eyelets! Celtics bag #1 will not be complete till tomarrow 
Wishing I was going to the Lakers parade tomorrow 
Sucks. I can't go to the Lakers parade 2morrow, but gotta wake up xtra early to get thru downtown for work.  Sucky, sucky. 
I'm missing out on the lakers parade 
Wants to go to the Lakers parade tmrw. 
 Thunder storms scare me when i'm alone. I'll be hiding under my covers if you need me...
up at 4:30am answering emails...wish i had the day off to go to the Lakers parade 
I seriously want to crawl back into my bed! These Lakers fans are gonna drive me crazy today... Gettin ready for work. 
@heavensgame adijacobs is favoured by our &quot;esteemed&quot; coach. I hoped for olivier/fourie combo with msteyn as 10. Bulls are seen as bogans 
someone took the #Canes magnets off my car  I am tempted to paint logos on now #fb
thinking why didnt I take off for the Laker parade 
I'd so rather be at the lakers parade. 
I want to go to the lakers parade 
hmmm baseball or WNBA...summer sports suck 
Another day at school no Lakers parade for me 
wishing I had some glittery red pumps so I can just click my heels and be at the Lakers Parade!! 
Excited to see the Laker parade but bummed I can't be there!! 
I wish i was going to the Lakers parade! But i cant  Ill watch it on TV
*sigh* Sitting here @ work wishing i was at the Laker parade 
wondering how crazy this Lakers Parade is going to get.. and why arent we in the new office across the street from the staples center 
Looking oh so fly...And really annoyed with the Heat!!! A hundred degrees are you kidding me!!!! 
Lakers parade is absolutly destroying my commute. Booooooooo Lakers. 
Grrr..today'ss the @Lakers championship parade and me and @chchcholo aren't there   
I miss the NBA already 
wants to go to the Lakers parade but stuck here at work  http://plurk.com/p/11p1f3
I can't make it to the Laker parade but I'll be cheering for them in my death bed 
Wishing I was at the Laker parade! Only a hour away. Boooo 
I  Can't go to The Laker Parade because I have work obligations 
@Lindros97  I know 
the Laker parade doesn't start for 40 minutes and I can't watch The View!!!! 
Wish I were at the Lakers parade 
I didn't sleep last night at all..now i'm really tired but have to stay up  a little bit more to watch the Lakers parade. 
Gooooo lakers!! i wish i can go to the parade! 
wishing I was at the Lakers parade 
@Anugirl welcome!! We should be at Laker parade 
is getting over a little cold i guess u can call it...((miss watchin the NBA finials  ))
watching the Laker parade...so bummed I'm not there right now 
i am so bummed about the lakers winning    really wanted Lebron 2 win it.  but i guess you need more than one decent player on a team
Why oh why does the sound keep cutting out on Lakers.com?  
@Jon4Lakers you have any status-updates on why the OS 3.0 is refusing to download? get a error message..  hope you can reply
Iranians had an election stolen from them and they started peacefully protesting. The Lakers won another championship and 15 people die. 
I wish I was at the lakers parade 
Lakers Parade!! Wish I was there! 
So I guess the Laker parade is over. No riot this time, bummer 
@czarinajasmine Jazz, we're not going at all 
Leaving work soon, marketplace isn't working right so I can't get Magic yet. I'm a sad panda  http://bit.ly/ZChaj
Frack ...I definitely missed the fact that I can't buy Eagles tickets for this upcoming season..I'll never go to game 
Wishing I could have attended the Laker parade! Pooh 
ESPN is not the same without NCAAB, NBA, &amp; NFL  
 @georgediaz #Magic ..thinking less than 50 % chance Hedo stays in Orlando. He's gonna go for the $$. They all do. Can't blame him though.
They've reopened some streets, lotsa Laker fans still wandering, but where'd the hot dog stands go?? 
@FrancisTen http://twitpic.com/7m2kk - Francis- this makes me sad..only because I look over many times to Kobe and think the same thing. 
Thunder and lightning are no friends of mine 
Man Microsoft, I wanted to download Magic when I got home. 
@mulvihill12 It's true... Cam gets so annoyed with me though... and I don't even think he knows I'm running the Thunder 
Cooled down outside, yay. Although high temps are gonna be the norm this weekend, bleck. Heat is not my buddy 
UGH we neeeeeed Seimone to come back...pray its not serious 
Oh no! Not Seimone!  I hope she's ok!!!
i miss my Laker basketball already!!! 
Sounders tied 
The Sounders dominated yet we come out with a tie??? eek why does this always happen...  #squarespace
No parking at the Laker's Parade  I hope everyone else had a great time there. I heard on the radio that it was an amazing turnout!
LAKERS BABY! So sad i missed the parade!.. 
sad...NHL is over and no NFL yet 
@Thunder916 today is my friday think imma drink lol... and then fuckin cuzn(chuck)  car broke.. 
@TheOnion You utter bastards, havent seen the Lakers game yet and been avoiding the results. Planned on watching it this weekend 
Coliseum was amazing and alive with Laker pride yesterday! But now I'm off to the doctor for this horrible strep throat... 
Walking outside = instant flop swear. Thanks, Florida. Heat index is 110 today 
Stealing attempt leaves two stranted on base - end of 1st inning, ROC 1 - Clippers 0.  #cclip
I am gonna cry.  All this talk about the Leafs trading up for Schenn makes me sad.  Not worth it. 
Ah man i miss the NFL and the NBA! 
Kobe's @ disneyland right now?! damn .. I'm sad now 
I just realized that no more NBA Playoffs = No more puppets. 
Reminder NHL Awards on in 15 minutes.  No Sharks nominated 
Thunder storm again? Seriously? I hate this 
I give up on the Denver Broncos and other things.   I figure it is all pointless my heart is broken.    No Broncos tickets!  &quot;-(
I'm soo sad cuz I wasn't able to take a pic with Ariza 
I miss the playoffs\finals  #NBA
Thunder storm   the lights or off .
going to bed my Heels are losing 
Datsyuk edged Richards 945-942 into total votes, but Richards received more first-place ballots. The Flyers just can't win anything 
@bballgurl24 hahaha sucks when NBA is out right? Ughh I feel sad that there is no NBA 
This storm is amazing. Lightning is fantastic, but the insane flashes are like strobe lights. That's not helping this migraine 
Getting mad that i didnt join the Flyers 
I was totally free today and have a Disneyland pass, I suck for missing out on the Kobe/Laker parade at Dland today 
The NHL awards are making me cry  lamer!!
Wish would have been there in d lakers parade. 
@frostbytez hey man, not yet  waiting for some disposable income. probably going for HTC Magic, android looks sweet
my friend is talking to Pau Gasol right now  &amp; he thought his name was PAUL ... excuse me scream into my pillow.
Nets down 
@welovepop http://twitpic.com/7sc9s - Aww Claude is disappointed because he thought he was going to see some females ON Heat, not IN Heat 
Heat index of 105F today, 
Thunder woke me up at 7 am. Thanks, Thunder. 
@MaretaRoche It's hotter than Hades here too! Heat index of 107 expected, yuck! 
It's so hot/humid here. Heat index was 101 yesterday.  
bored , i wish Lakers was playin 
@Cavs_in_2010 hopped up out the bed turn my swag on...took a look in the mirror and say wassup..yeaa..im gettin money (i wish) 
dammit!! Sonics aint open yet! I was so sooped too!!!  
@andystrickland - I wish it wasn't you reporting about the Canucks and Heatley, Your pretty good with accurate rumors 
@richeisen They consistently use the tuck rule to screw the Raiders 
Magic moutain but we dnt have the whole crew 
@allcull I am good.....I wish Jazz was on though. 
Watching The Two Towers after giving up on the Hogs. 
Looks like bad weather is moving through the city for the third time today; skies are dark and wind is kickin. Thunder and lightening too 
Thunder and lightening still scare me 
Wishes the NBA finals were still on I have nothing to watch while I'm sick 
http://twitpic.com/7utzf - @kidyermou looking for the orange NBA airplane... haven't seen one  hehe
@connster9700 I did, it is so sad for her and for the Lynx.  
Heat spanked my bottom today, I can't even speak correctly 
Oh lord!!! Here it comes!!! BOOOOOOOOOM!!!! Thunder's here yall! 
@Jon4Lakers link's not working 
Feels bad for Seimone Augustus...i know how she feel 
@LeafsFaninBigD and my Stajan one as well  I've had it since 2003 I think.
The Lightning suffered another loss to FC Indiana tonight. 4-0. But sometimes you gotta lose a few to remember how great a victory feels 
@Bryant_the_HNIC i know! i'm so sad 
Wings bar.... No good n still hungry...  http://schmap.me/qeunks
Chillin at the house watchin jimmy kimmel kobe is on here with the team...they so cute gotta love them Lakers...I'm also in hella pain. 
Wedding makeup to do this morning. Thunder &amp; pouring rain - not a great day for the bride. 
@Jazz_C lol vhs's! Throwback lol...but some of those movies you can't get anymore because of that disney vault ish 
@del_editor my sister wanted to go and see the Thunderbirds 
Soccer in the rain. Last game of the season. Vipers lose again 
Penalty kick for Earthquakes 
Heat exhaustion  ugh.
#1  Shasta Magic- baaad.
@mhueter What's the time and score? WNBA.com not updating, LiveAccess not playing 
@ChadGL I guess I was thinking Magic Kingdom, not Magic Mountain..... 
How i'd love to have The Magic Riddle soundtrack. 
Just tested, 360 mod worked perfect! Now I can backup my games so they don't get broken like NHL 08 did. 
i miSS my NBA.. 
Wishing I could spend time with Choppy today. He was crying on the phone speaking with Kibitzer and Magic 
@therealmeegs Lol I don't really like the guests on Rove tonight , so I couldn't be bothered watching it, lol  Broncos vs Sharks tomorrah!
boo yah! lakers suck. hehe okay fineee. they won! good play, Magic, though. 
@cosmoandwanda boo yah! lakers suck. hehe okay fineee. they won! good play, Magic, though. 
Lori, Happy to see the Penguins Jibbbitz got there on time. Sorry about the Steelers, Jibbitz is not going to produce any NFL till August 
Missed the first half hour of Eddie  &gt;( lol &quot;mama there goes that man&quot; rick fox,john salley and &lt;3 Vlade Divac &lt;3 are in this movie
No HTC Magic yet, was too late into town today, so will have to wait until tomorrow now 
@DBraxton1 hell the Clippers cud use Jesus. I'm dyin to see who the get. Their games are great to watch but the can't buy a win 
On &quot;Temptation of Wolves&quot; (korean movie): ouch! bakit nga ba may mga bawal na pag-ibig 
103 degree Heat Index 
Omgah. This Heat Wave Sucks 
Heat headache   &lt;3
Bucks deal Jefferson to Spurs http://tinyurl.com/nhkee2 Bruce and Oberto gone  Jefferson in. 
Heat index is 115 degrees today  
Its thundering and Lightning again,,, 
The Heat is killing me inside! Why can't there be a breeze!! 
@sharxgrrl :O!  I want to know a professional NHL player...  
just got bak from my cousin's house! i mite go with them in Anahiem i think or somewhere there! so i mite not tweet 2morrow! 
Heat wave and fever... Excellent combination 
@vicwu   Heat related?
i wanna c NBA madness...... ^^... but i have 2 go to d college 
is see ya @therealshaq and thanks for all the titles you brought to the Suns... oh wait   Well at least the tweets were fun. #NBA
Shaq and LeBron on the same team now right before draft day? There goes all of the draft hype 
@THE_REAL_SHAQ we can't call u Shaq-tus anymore  I'm not sure what nickname u will get in Cleveland   http://myloc.me/5xoN
@marie_alissa I'll have to consider cheering for LeBron a little bit this year. Shaq is the man, but that means the Bucks have no chance 
I'm most bummed about this Shaq trade because he's moving conferences. Now I can only stalk him once a year 
I've tried #HTC #Magic in a store.   The screen is not sensitive enough for use with finger.   I guess it is a pen-touch screen. 
Well bye bye Shaq   Watch out the Cavs are going to win next year now with Shaq in the paint.
bye bye #Shaq 
@THE_REAL_SHAQ Suns agree to send Shaq to Cavs   I'm bummed.
why is shaq on the cavs?? one more reason for Lebron not to be in a Knicks uniform 
Nooo Shaq got traded to the Cavs! No more Shaqmobile driving around PHX 
No more Shaq-i-boo for PHX SUNS!  http://bit.ly/17Wc8I
The Suns have traded C Shaquille O'Neal to the Cavaliers for G Sasha Pavlovic and PF Ben Wallace.....I'm going to miss the Big Fella 
Thunder. Lightning. No rain.  #fb
It looks as though Shaq is getting traded to Cleveland to play w/ LeBron... Too bad for Suns' fans. The Big Cactus is no more 
It looks as though Shaq is getting traded to Cleveland to play w/ LeBron... Too bad for Suns' fans. The Big Cactus is no more  idiots
@dlegler I know, i'm sad Shaq was traded! 
I called it from the get-go. Shaq for Marion was never gonna work and it cost the Suns org. and its fans a helluva lot more than money 
Shaq O'Neal will play in Cavs next season 
Shaq is gonna fail on the Cavs, and my Reds lost last nite 
@THE_REAL_SHAQ is going to Cleveland. One of the best teams in the NBA just got better. Why couldn't you have come to Boston, Shaq? Why? 
@realzita wowow! NBA is going to Taipei? What teams are going to be on display? How can I get the tickets, don't tell me they're sold out 
feeling better. at home without skateboard  woke up at 11:30 am. reading fanfictions and playing with Runes of Magic
working all day, but NBA draft tonight! even though i don't want to see G leaving duke 
so Shaq on the Cavs huh? so the way the news is pushing it its like LeBron isnt capable of winning a championship on his own  messed up!
oh man my team is suffering. I dont wanna jump shit. But it maybe time! Shaq is now on the Cavs, no more Nash Shaq team up on 2k9 for me! 
the news SHOULD have been that Shaq &amp; Lebron both sign with the Knicks. We haven't had a decent team in forever 
Blazer has no juice...need to get it to the shop by tonight or else might not be able to go downtown tomorrow for meetings 
@BVirtuous if that's true then Magic have no chance next year 
the NBA draft is finally here..today it will cut into my nape time..  but its worth it to say the least. off to get ready for work..
Who cares about Shaq! The Celtics are talking about trading Rondo! http://tinyurl.com/narkz4 I like Rondo! humph! 
I miss NHL hockey  ... as if I have to wait another 3 months!
Shaq is gone 
@_Mav_ I hope things get better  
just read other tweets and see Shaq is going to cleveland  He will be missed here in PHX
I'm going to miss the marauding Vikings cheering as they pass 
@lendmeyoureyes That hotdog thing is grim, despite the best offerings of Beyond the Wizards Sleeve I still found it more than grim 
@richberra Yes Shaq went to the Cavs.  I love the Suns!! But now there will be Ben Wallace and Sasha Palovic. OMG Did I spell that right?
@RealLamarOdom how do you get your ankles ready for the NBA season? I just want to get my injured ankle ready for summer 
http://twitpic.com/8dt2b - Shaq-tus is headed north  http://tinyurl.com/mwpks7
commentators are talking of Shaq and Nash's twittering on a Live Phx Suns match 
@zeddessarts In fact, it's the &quot;time between times&quot; as the old celtic people called. The time when it's neither night or day. Magic time. 
...you got to love the Gispy Kings... 
EURUSD Bulls, Hang in There!  http://twurl.nl/k64a1z
Jazz spam? &quot;You can have more sax&quot; 
Just out of bed on my day off. Caps play tonight....should be able to whip ATL again with no problems.  
Amazing night and great day...I LOVE my Heels!!! 
@TamraNicole I need u to fix ur avatar so people can see how flyy my bff is  I miss u already and I want some Sonics...lol!
watching the EXCITING Canucks game! woo hoo 
Luongo is really good but he has great backup w the defensemen! If I were the coach  I would take out the DMen! 
@WoWInsider or Warriors too 
man the Coyotes killed the Canucks 6-1 when they came to AZ... they cant handle the heat!!! 
#Canucks 
@NBA confirmation that I do have that muscular organ  this vid is rad!
@braun15 @JimBrochowski @capebretoner  thanks guys I passed Shaq's name on appreciate it 
WOOOOHOOOO!! the GMs have arrived!!  I get to make ban lists today 
@suziperry Wolves promoted 
Wolves promoted!!!!!! 
@wickedlibrarian Dolphins are intelligent, but they lack opposable tentacles. 
Going to the Bruins game tonight! 
yes!!! My BULLS won Game 1 over the Celtics in OT 
countdown to NBA playoff game...spurs vs. mavericks...love this game 
Had a great day 1 of my vaca... Cavs won, Tribe destroyed the yankees, and right now I am in boardman bowling. 
Warriors u can do it 
is very happy with the Wings start in the playoffs! Now, it's bedtime! 
I love Chicago- 4 for 4 with sports today!!!! Go hawks and Cubbies! Ok and Bulls and Sox  Liddell retire already btw!
@vojha oh snap, you sound like a Flames fan 
Dancing Bears. 
Holy crap! The Knights won! 3 in a row- well done boys 
make sure to watch my Lakers beat the crap out of Utah! 
is finding it extremely difficult to do assignments when Eagles are winning 
I may have a drink today to toast the Wolves 
I am torn between Lakers &amp; Utah Jazz with Okur... But I think I'll still go with Kobe &amp; my Lakers... Okur has a ring already with Pistons 
is stocked that the Hurricanes and the Warriors won 
is home.. bit of homework to do.. watching the Pirates/Pens today 
Getting some stuff done, then watching the Pens win.. 
NBA Playoff Record ATS 3-1 Today's Picks: Jazz +12 Over Lakers, Magic -9.5 over 76ers, Hawks -5 over Heat, Nuggets -6 over Hornets. BOL 
Watching NBA playoff coverage.... My favourite question: Do the Jazz have a chance against the Lakers? Everyone's answer so far: No. 
Lakers/Jazz..12:30. who's ready?? 
@realmalkin71 Have fun sweeping the Flyers! 
Ariza balling already @ spproductions @tysreflections I hope your watching 
Kings cup 
@Sportaholic well as a Broncos fan I still love my old coach too  LOL just not so much that he takes a premiership with another club.
@Grizzlysgrowls I know you're against me doing it Griz, but you can't stop your fans! 
workin all day then Celtics game!   lets get thiss
@catosborn she is definitely amazing! helps that she was a Cowboys cheerleader 
@Magic899 hahahaha you guys are doing an awesome job 
Magic missile LOL!  Always have a detect magic and cloak of invisibility ready to make a bolt for it 
sunshine here i come! productive day today and then will reward self with Heat later 
the Spurs and the Celtics inspire mee.  ilove TimDuncan. and KevinGarnett.
@YogaArmy I'm a Celtics, Red Sox, Pats fan, city of champs 
If the Celtics lose tomorrow I will have to end my life.  Which is sad.  Root for them... or break bulls bones. 
gonna eat BK  and study for chem exam then mayyyybee play NBA 2K9 onlinee....IF studying goes well &quot;/
@andyroddick Celtics are so going to win.  Whos your pick?
@joepolitics I'm SURE we'll be celebrating hard plus the Celtics win over the Bulls 
@reneebarriault hahahahahaha that's soooo silly.  yay Bruins!!
Come on West Brom, another win against Spurs me thinks 
Thunder storm 
Wishing the #Pens game didn't start so early  still going to watch though  #fb
Trying to get to grips with my HTC Magic. Unsure at the mo. At least it's on a 14 day trial 
@RickyBobby1981 yeah but we all kinda have to work once in a while   I am relaxing today &amp; watching the Celtics game then working 2night
Ovechkin Smovechkin--Crosby just scored the 1st! 
Getting ready to watch the Bulls game 
@purlisse I'm hoping for a repeat at best by Boston - if not ABL (anyone but Lakers) 
@mbrewer Brewer, once you land you must know...the Bulls lost. Tears shed and not happy all days tonight.   Get home safe and sound!
@jordanknight I'm sure you're glad the Celtics won.    Crazy series huh? Congrats to Jodi!
@mambaMVP24 lmao I told him that me and my Laker army on myspace are going to jump him. 
http://twitpic.com/4gvv0 - partying it up with canucks  Bieksa
Looks like the Caps - Pens series is going to be an interesting one. Wishing I could be in DC to see a game... Let's go CAPS!  #nhl
Good Morning Twitter Fam! My Bulls lost last night. Congrats 2 all u Celtics fans. U better hope they get their shit straighten out now. 
NBA Playoffs ATS Record (24-18-1) Saturday Picks Atlanta Hawks -5.5 over Miami Heat, Denver Nuggets -6 over Dallas Mavericks BOL 
The Heat will win today  Atlanta here comes the Miami Heat, buckle up 
@JJaceMom Haha...because my favorite ESPN writer is a Celtics fan! I want to read more columns!  
@THE_REAL_SHAQ @ProphecyPL Lebron &gt; Kobe.  Kobe will never without Shaq.
@fjkeogh The Celts are NOT here. 
Watching the Bruins game 
this is going to be a lonnng week! but it'll all be worth it in the end &amp; i'll get to see Kobe &amp; my Lakers play! 
did anyone see the NHL playoffs today? Triple OT! And, the Ducks beat the Red Wings! 
@aruky Yes, this NBA song is great!!!  Got an old funny NBA cheerleader remix song. Ohrwurm of the day &quot;colorblind&quot;.
Watching &quot;All the Kings Men&quot;, It be pretty good so far! 
Lebron maybe the MVP this year ... but I like the Lakers to win the NBA Title 
watching Cavs game. LeBron James, my newest love!  36 pts for Cavs, 17 by LeBron!
Alexander Ovechkin is definitely my new favorite NHL player 
@tararizing so i'll excuse your love for the Cavs and the west, even though I don't share it! 
@lachrist5067 72-65 Cavs! The score is and was! LOL 
The Eagles make saturday nights so much better. 
@kakakatey That's cause Ovie is the one man team and when they show Pens highlights, it's the whole because we have more than 1 superstar 
Crawling into bed super happy that the Penguins won tonight 
@TheRealMJ87 I saw the game not a huge cavs fan lol. they pay refs. But Yao's out 4 the rest of playoffs so L.a is cruising to the WCF 
@superfro432 Is it bad that I'm sitting here watching a #Pens replay and getting excited? I think it's the coffee, but... Who knows. 
Here come the Hawks, the mighty Blackhawks!! 
Watching the Broncos vs Chiefs 1994, Montana vs Elway on NFL Network.  I still have nightmares about this game   FU KC!
@lakersnation a celtics-lakers rematch sounds better don't you think? lol 
@ryezzzzahh hahahaha yay!!!! Lakers!!! And I would please like some of that dip!! 
@jalenrose Cavs has the easier route than Denver. 
@Takaki_I Yeah poor Yao! Hope u had fun looking at the Lakers JerseyZ haha! Enjoy ur time buddy ! 
is predicting a heavyweight battle between Lakers and Cleveland on the Finals! Well, hopefully! *crosses his fingers* 
@cherylelapitan Should be a good one even w/o #Yao in the middle. Expect the #Rockets to play #Kobe hard. Nothing the mamba can't handle. 
@azdog there is sooooo much on my shopping list! I'm going to go crazy  Percy Pigs, Penguins, monster munch... I could go on and on ;)
is SO happy Sharks won shipwrecked! 
Not all men look good in pink, but Cav wears it well   #giro
Thinking about what to eat and later on write my weblog for radio show The Hague Jazz... 
@AllisonNazarian Big fan of nickname trivia.  Answer: Utah Jazz, Miami Heat, Orlando Magic and OKC Thunder.  Need to check w/Daniel? 
Made some Korean BBQ, watching Celtics/Magic fight it out. Still annoyed @lakers loss, but it's alright. We'll sweep the series 
@TriciaSmithBrwn stop watching WNBA games and that wouldn't be a problem. 
@saikoxpooh depends on what he's into, but any guy will love Laker playoff tickets 
@CO2DAGREAT oh he got jokes lol.  Nah I never expected Dallas to make it thru the playoffs.  I'm just happy they beat the Spurs 
Celtics managed to keep it together and tie the series 
@grypes Celtics game - he nailed the winning shot at the buzzer 
@RealLamarOdom Don't tell Kobe, but your my favorite Laker 
@BrodyJenner No doubt about it! Lebron James is so ridiculously good. Maybe u should become a Cavs fan instead of a Lakers fan..hahaa 
@NBA u gotta endorse an application if u gonna be our courtside tweep @CV31 , I'm a @pc and i @tweetdeck 
Bruins,Celtics,Sox all won.We got the Trifecta. A good night in Boston Sports 
@mrkmattos Lakers dude...it's all about the Lakers 
Take note: Lebron James and the rest of the CAVS are on a mission. CASE CLOSED! 
Mavs &amp; Caps survive, Blackhawks advance. All is good tonight 
@Oddernod it's great to see Chicago hockey back from the dead.  With luck, I'd love to see my Pens play the Hawks for a '92 rematch 
@ShannonLeto you are so sweet  I hope you're appreciated Huggs
Woot Woot - Go Caps (NHL for those unfamiliar) ... Topping the Penguins n overtime! At least some DC metro-area team is doing well 
Who's pulling the strings behind Canucks? 
@cedoan Aww cmon don't be so mean to Canucks 
thinking, listening to music, looking forward to tomorrow: promised myself I would gain some courage.  ohh and playoffs tom. Go Lakers!
Chillin at my layover in Phoenix before heading back home to the OC. Watching to see who the Lakers will beat in the finals 
Heat is the new Granola.  I'm going to go get some 
@jazzy_RN I will decide how i play it day by day  Margarita and Mavs tickets anyone?! Learning to tweet 101...
so much for the mavs... atleast the rangers are looking good! 
@playme1on1 Buy Mavs! dirk i guess its not yet your time 
@johncmayer You're a fantastic musician, and I love your stuff, but it TOTALLY made my night that you were rooting for the Mavs.  
@BballChris23 Your still WHACK!!!! Kobe best player in NBA!!! 
@APassion4Jazz you are a great translator  I hope you have a perfect day!
is listening to Magic89.9. 
NBA Playoffs ATS Record (34-29-1) Thursday Picks Orlando Magic -7 over Boston Celtics, Houston Rockets +8 over LA Lakers BOL 
still can't believe the Pens last night, i am still in shock....  they feel it now, finally.... 
Working until 12 Celtics and Bruins tonight  GO BOSTON!!!!
is ECSTATIC the Penguins won Game 7 &amp; advance to the conference finals!!! The Crosby/Ovechkin debate is over...Crosby has proven himself. 
So proud of the Penguins!!!  Now if the Ducks can take Hossa out of it I'll be content. 
Ran around the corridors to listen to @DavidArchie on the radio w/ @beekuh, inna &amp; lychee on Magic 
Looking forward to the Lightning networking event tonight 
@LeahBraemel True, but neither are the #Canadiens. 
Denver Nuggets are now in the West Conference Finals vs. Lakers or Rockets 
is getting ready for work...going in early today - 10:30am...geez!  Looking forward to the Wings kicking butt tonight! 
Watching dvR &quot;Kobe doing work&quot; with @mikegawad, my habibi 
Is it me? Kobe doin' work was very boring, Usually Spike has good docs, Wait! He's a Knicks fan so that's why he did it! Smart Spike 
#MagicTwackle p.s. Lot of Magic magnets spotted on cars throughout BOS. Wonder how they got there  ha ha Coach J
@MzJazzi3Jazz18 if you like 2 laugh..have a good time..follow me..its just that simple 
@mozy19 #3turnoffwords Stars sign Pronger 
listening to @DavidArchie 's Magic 89.9 interview again. 
@gkjohn yes indeed. Chargers it is 
A must watch!!!!  Go Lakers - http://bit.ly/cJ5V5
Rondo profile is the lead story on the front page of the globe today. Can someone get me a paper copy for my collection please???? 
Off to the land of smog and traffic for the Laker Gameeee! 
Watching the top 10 britney Clips on viva 
@rcmckill haaa! its not like we have alot of NHL choices in Iowa!!  Give the #Blackhawks another chance. I never give up on the #Blues
@yungthrilla2k4 BOOO Celtics! Its all about da Magic 
@nhl_canes go Canes!!! and Go Jussi!!!! (from a Stars fan 
is heading to Beverly Hills to pick up my friend for Game 7 of the Lakers vs. Rockets! Go Lakers!!!  #NBA #Playoffs
i want Rockets to win 
@stellarBELLZ sure do so go put on your blue shirt and get ready to cheer for Magic  )
Nap till the Blackhawks game 
#delongeday  Magic with sister   #delongeday
@bigbabybball hey big baby! u used to go to my school; uhigh! you're awesome and I hope ur having fun playing basketball for the Celtics 
@bigbabybball hey big baby! u used 2 go 2 my school; uhigh! ur awesome &amp; hope ur having fun playing b-ball for the Celtics  best of luck!
just got out of the shower and Orlando Magic better win today!!! go Superman  
Beverly Hills: check. Now, onto Staples Center! W00t!!!  #Lakers #NBA #Playoffs
Getting ready for the Rocklets/Lakers game.  We'll have about 20 over to eat, drink, and be merry.  
Getting antsy about Game 7...Go Lakers!!! 
Two huge game 7's in the NBA today...should be fun. 
I believe we are winning this game today!  Go Lakers!!!!! 
Home getting ready for Celtics to smack sum ass den get smashed by Cvas in eastern conference Finals....lol 
Okay, now I'm tired. Settling in for WoW, and a fun game 7. I tend to agree with Shaq. Magic by 4. 
watchin the celtics and magics game. Lets Go Celtics!!! 
@BusaBusss  but I do hope Celtics lose cuz  I dont like watching them  sorry people dont be mad just  an opinion 
a finalement a cheter ton chandail du Canadiens/ Finaly brought her Habs jersey 
My Lakers won, now its time to see Magic win against the Celts 
@juliemccoy88 3 of the Bears got into a car with one of the parental units and drove off Caddy style. 
Earthquakes are funny 
@cin0117 lol...you answered your own question.  He will proudly be wearing his Celtics jersey 
@MySecretKey Ya but it signaled by Doc Rivers taking out his team and mannnnn I'm happy. L.A vs. Cavs 
@JohnJohnDaDon lol..tell me about it, but not trippin as long as my Lakers won 
Gasol, I'm so proud of you. Game 7 victory 
Nuggets vs Lakers, what a series! too bad for the lakers though 
The bf is happy. Lakers won 
@DwightHoward great job Dwight! I pray you also win against the Cavs. 
i cant waitttt for the NBA draft party. come soooner 
In the office at the moment. FYC Lakers win with 89 points  so the next oponent is denver nuggets in the final conference game.
Magic to meet Cavs On Eastern Conference Finals.. 
In the office at the moment. FYI Lakers win with 89 points  so the next oponent is denver nuggets in the final conference game.
@TheFincher Where's that video from the Spurs game? I wasn't drunk in that picture either - just a little tired 
@tavie22 o ok. mustn't get too excited when twittering me.... LOL  or maybe it was the Lakers fault? 
To Be With You as a single on Magic 89.9? 
I enjoyed both games last night  I am cheezen right now Lakers in the finals ---- bout time LOL
Oh did y'all peep the commercial - when Kobe is asking LeBron about d whereabouts of his rings??? So cute, so true- n then there were 4 
Watching GNW!  lol &quot;Sharks in the bedroom&quot;
@philatom Agreed. Sharks blew their chances, we must all get behind the Bulls now. (I am a Durban guy, born and raised 
@TicketRut It will be great for the Nuggets and the NBA. other teams in finale then usually.  I will follow it from the Netherlands. 
@luluchandie85 I've finished work now having lunch  how are you ? Huggs
Nothing like leading the Lakers to victory 4 games in a row on NBA on the PS2 
shares http://tinyurl.com/dfttwt (yan ang start ng Dream Avalanche. ) shineshare ko lng.  http://plurk.com/p/uk7ga
Game one tonight with Canes and Pens! New round of hockey and hopefully lots more beardathon pledges. 
Cavs &amp; Magic...deff house rivalry for the next week or so. Class this morning and hopefully lake later today. Sunshine please stay out  
@marsmi You're asking a *Steeler girl* if the Browns will be good this year. Heh. 
The Magic go to Conference Finals And the LAL go to the conference Finals I to find the finals it goes to be LAL vs CLE we go to wait  nba
Still watching Eagles 
I'm wondering the result of the Rockets/Lakers game??  Anyone from Houston??  
Oh and btw... Magic are going to the Eastern Conference Finals!!!!! 
@DwightHoward Good game last night..... Bring on the Cavs...or just LeBron 
@JaylaStarr Lakers lost and I loved it. By the way the butt plug pic is so hot 
So happy the Laker's lost.  Lets go Cavs 
So endlich Wochenende =D And Denver tied against Lakers 
nbadeck.com NBA Playoffs..... Lakers #24!! : NBA Playoffs..... Lakers #24!!  http://tinyurl.com/pumgrx
HAHAHA! The LeBron/Kobe commercials are cheering me up 
@AllAboutJazz @Matalex7 @APassion4Jazz @Mashable @MusicPassion @KevinRose @joethemusician @flute @MakeItInMusic #followfriday Cheers!! 
Hahaha, the Lakers lost. But if it was to come down to it..I'd want it to be Lakers vs. Cavs, and have the Cavs win it all 
#NBA lakers  hopefully game 3 will be good  cleveland  please make me proud.
@doylealbee Ha! Only the Lakers wear panties, Doyle! 
#FF @lennytoups  she likes the Lakers 
http://twitpic.com/5otu3 - Thunder stormy 
@laurz You're right... I think the Celtics jersey is the one people are talking about 
@jamesfrye82 Are you afraid that the lakers can beat the Cavs? 
@MariahCarey yay! can't wait either  im sure it will be hot. coincedence im listening to &quot;Heat&quot; rn? hahaha  &lt;3
Most Valuable Puppets: Three Rings &quot;You've got to be hungry Lebron.&quot;  FYI this ain't a Kobe endorsement  http://bit.ly/v0AiD
Watching the Laker v. Denver game atm. Go Lakers! I don't think the Magic could win 4 of 7 against Denver. Lakers FTW 
@OldmanHo lol yeah, this time pretty much the whole thing  so close again, but looks like Cavs are being totally outplayed by Magic!
I'm watching Practical Magic again. 
Butterflies. Bats. Eagles. And maybe a mockin bird. All in my stomach. For tomorrow I'm heading back to school. I hope i do real good. 
jst got done watchin Cavs Magic game, good outcome  bout to sleep, later
i love winning! both the GMEN &amp; the Penguins. 
@keleka7  hell no.. I am really angry with the coaching staff of Cavs..I swear I can make this team play better
@Lyrical_Gangsta I'm glad you're rooting for Orlando! I hope it's a Magic/Nuggets playoff, and Magic takes the win 
fucking Cavs XD. Welp I still have my steelers to look foreward to later in the year, and the Redwings are still running strong 
is so geek'd about the Pens. &lt;3 fleury . just made bank today w/ the paycheck then $6 in tips and $30 for finding the key . ballinnnn 
@jimkukral Magic kept on shooting and you missed it because you couldn't stay awake.   OTown FTW 
Kobe didn't even play today &amp; he's a top topic! He's def. the most controversial player in the NBA. So many lovers &amp; haters. I'm a lover! 
Great job Magic play better Cavs,  a win is a good win as long the lakers are not winning  my heart goes out to Mike Tyson &amp; Family
there's always a first for everything  via NBA on http://www.tnt.tv/sports/nba/playoffs09
Magic go up 3-1...lebron is a CHOKERRRR 
Yes!!! Magic win!  3-1  
@loatpfop lol... talk all the shit you want, i want the Cavs to win, BUT my heart belongs to the Lakers! duuhhh!  
Naps the whole day? arrgh but I did wake up to see the Magics Woop On some LBJ ass! whaaaat? Lakers and Magics in the Finals! 
yay. totally happy that the Magic won. and i'm gonna wing it tomorrow with my speech on AI. lol fun 
Guess we're going to see the Magic in the Finals instead of Lebron.    Oh well, the Lakers are going to win it anyway.  
goodnight. :* the Cavs are pretty much fucked..hm. LETS GO LAKERS!! 
NBA Playoffs ATS Record (40-35-1) Tuesday Western Conference Finals Pick Denver Nuggets +6 over LA Lakers BOL 
http://twitpic.com/61ypc - Eastern Conference Finals Game 4 - I was there for Magic domination 
love my cavs  you haven't abandoned me yet
@adam_verheyen lol... nice game by LeBron... but can he do it again AT Orlando? 
spirits kinda uplifted ; thnx Cavs 
Cavs had me scared for a bit, but you guys made it through! 
@dannymcguffin Not sure how new it is. Just following @Cavs lead. Figure they know best, right? 
good work out today...Lebron and the Cavs put in work!  time to shower then bed work @ 7:30 am =( zzZZZzz
@caseygotcher I'll like u better when you buy me a beer when the Magic sweep the Lakers 
YAY Cavs!! What am I going to do with my nights when Basketball playoffs are over?? Enjoying it while I can 
Cavs all day 
LOVING the Cavs 
Cavs win. La vics in my belly. 
I love Pietrus's accent! 
So they pulled it off? Congrats to the Cavs. I know Usher is happy. 
At Barnicles looking at the game....Go Cavaliers 
forgot i had twitter for a hot second... very happy about the Cavs outcome 
Unwinding from a long day...kinda glad the cavs won! Brings back my hope of Kobe vs. Lebron 
@GRITTYMAN Lol. But I'll look cute in that! I won't be getting awkward stares! lol. I'll just blend in w/ the Laker Fans 
@coriluvnthedon i think i need to pick some up for our HOTlanta trip... now that we know the Dman prefers choco chip 
Still amazed that I watched Game 5 of the Cavs vs Magic. In the SAF. While in camp. I'm liking my new life already. 
Whoooo  go Cavs?
i &lt;3 the Cavs &amp; LeBron is AMAZING! ... &amp; I've OFFICIALLY lived in the United States for 19 years TODAY! yayy 
@heronfield It wasn't wankers cramp, it was wankers strain   Only Deep Heat will work now 
