Most common words for this cluster:
[('cell', 294), ('phone', 196), ('twitter', 14), ('work', 10), ('service', 10), ('phones', 9), ('tweets', 9), ('battery', 9), ('today', 9), ('number', 8), ('home', 8), ('lol', 7)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'cell', 0.8333634734153748), (u'phone', 0.7106645703315735), (u'cellular', 0.6501071453094482), (u'cells', 0.6494340300559998), (u'Ovonic_fuel', 0.6427924036979675), (u'cell_phone', 0.637264609336853), (u'cellphone', 0.618579089641571), (u'###-####_@_concordia.ca', 0.6053389310836792), (u'phone_reverse_lookup', 0.6036750674247742), (u'cordless_landline', 0.603011429309845)]





@jardinjaponais *hugs* I hope your day gets better. Cell phone providers are made of suck 
picture, check... cell phone approved, check... now I just have to figure out how to get followers  it's lonely in here
can't find my cell 
trying to telll my friends to get a twitter!! my cell phone is dead! 
@catmcc tried to call you from the farmer's market today so you could hear some cool music but didn't have your # on my cell phone 
@lharamia dude! cell phone is on the fritz! aghh I'm so sorry I missed youuu! love you - hope you love the new job! 
I hope I get my cell phone today! It doesn't look like it though! 
My son is lvn at 3 to bootcamp  going to buy him sum calln cards since he can't take cell phn
There is no internet connection  I use my cell phone to send it..... Why?
@tiffslambleg @itsonlyamy after about and hr of searching with other cell phone lights and calling, i had to give up 
ugh...my cell phone isn't updating my twitter! 
@livi89 how bloody complicated is the activation of mast cells i drew the picture out and it took me forever!! getting back to it today 
I can't believe I left my cell at phone  I feel lost without it!
no car!   call on the cell
ugh... my stupid internet connection is gone!  i'm useing twitter on my cell phone.
I lost my cell phone. 
my cell phone was pronounced dead earlier this evening. and I will miss it  very much
just got my cell back... but it doesn't work... why?? aww... 
I can't believe my cell phone fell into the sewer ... so sad 
misses his cell phone 
wishin i knew how to block certain numbers on my cell 
Accessing on cell &amp; got a no server access  But, its cool now!
ok so i totally can't find my cell phone-so annoying and of course its dead so can't call it 
I lost my new camaraa and my cell phone too 
$4000+ phone bill. don't call my cell. booo 
My twitter on the cell phone dosent work 
seem to have misplaced my cell phone 
@baitlynsays did you talk to @spencerpratt? I've never missed having a cell phone so much in my life 
My cell battery is dead.  Not good when about to go out and leaving it behind.  
I logged off from my pc and now I am on my cell....so addictive.   this obsession of mine has to stop!
Living here feels as though I am trapped in a 8 x 8 cell. 
I am laying in bed, after a long day of traveling..I am happy to be home! No, I didn't get my cell phone back, looks like I need a new 1 
Probably not gonna have cell phone service much longer...maybe an hour! 
WTF....why doesnt  twitter work on my cell 
Cell group this morning!  Speaking about encouraging one another.  Last cell until fall - will miss my ladies 
my cell phone is still broken  i feel nacked without it
My cell battery is about to die 
iphone 3.0 beta 5?simulator performance? 2.2.1 ???, UITableView?cells?2.2.1?????????, 3.0 beta 5????????cell?, ?????????? 
I left my cell phone home today, I feel so incomplete 
@MileyFanFeed can you just give the full updates without link?because im online by cell phone 
@Jaquline It has been a hellish couple of weeks... so besides work and my next cell phone I have nothing. 
@scorpfromhell but the irony the tigers are getting fried by cell-phone signals.. technology has penetrated the forests also .. 
depressed....my cell won't work 
what's the point of having a cell if nobody txts or calls  me     might use it as a paperweight      
Working on a movie set today in the middle of nowhere with no cell phone signal. 
Working on a movie set today in the middle of nowhere with no cell phone signal. 
Long day, still no cell phone.   I'm ready for the weekend!
out on location with @byroneski_beat pretty much no internet or cell service 
No cell charger 
The humpalow um ya I think so... Cell is dying 
i hate not being able to twitterize on my cell phone  oh well
I'm taking a twitter break. Cell is dying 
Cell is dying.hafta plug it up every night now. 
My girl needs a hug! She lost here cell phone 
Does anyone know how to call an international cell phone in france? Because i sure dont 
Waiting for my cell phone to dry out.... it went swimming in bowl of water earlier 
wondering if anyone has seen my cell phone i cant find it anywhere 
I don't have my cell phone 
flushed my cell phone. literally. bye bye cell phone. 
i'll be tweeting by my cell phone 'cuz i'm going to a family trip and i can't bring my laptop with me 
Cell is dying  so prolly no more tweets tonight.
@hayli i'm not getting your tweets to my cell anymore 
I havent found my cell phone  its been lost since last saturday.
my cell phone is used to text my girlfriends mum, more than my own personal use 
@KhloeKardashian i did enjoy it.. you did great you didnt seem nervous.. great except i was on hold to get through and my cell went out 
Going to the gp's for the day. Cell service will be sporadic. 
My hand is crampy from writting so much im doing the inventory log  on each and every cell phone 
It's doing that thing where i'm not getting tweets on my cell 
@sarahsss  just like i doubt i'll find my cell phone since i have to leave soon
grrr. So I bought the thing for the cell, but it's still the same so it might just be the cell itself after all. 
Cell phone reps are worse than car salesmen. 
didnt go to the beach because had to get the cell data package covered, 2 hours later 
cell-less 
...and lost my cell phone in the process 
@FallOutCookGirl I can't even listen to the cell cast now! It's bumming me out even more. 
Trying to update twitter via my cell phone, but damned I don't understand how this works 
ahhhhh! no cell phones allowed! 
my cell phone updates dont work  
@MsToshay I'm ony my cell phone twitter fukkin up u mad 
cell phones broken! this sucks. right when the weekend begins as well. 
lol with div on the phone! not cell, i dont have one 
My cell phone camera is broken. 
I think my i-pod is cheating on me with my cell phone...guess that proves technology ruins love... 
Entering the land of no reception  no cell til friday!! I'll update when I can!
@DinaYin only on my cell phone 
really wishes she could twitter on her cell 
i cant believe i lost my cell phone once again 
killing my brain cells 
one thign i don't like about my new cell phone is that it doesn't have a radio tuner. 
@MissSweet_D they don't even allow us to have our cell phone powered on at church.  I downloaded the bible on my phone and can't use it
lol, my grandson thinks it is funny to grap my cell phone and throw it  
Yesterday two thieves we stole the cell phone 
@qwiksilverx wait, what? how did she manage to do that? and how do you have cell reception??? I'm bored 'n hungry. 
watching teasers from splinter cell conviction and assassins creed 2... 10 seconds...  i hope we will see more on the e3....
@irenesaylor i didn't get any cell service  haha. but hey, i'm capable of having fun without tweeting!
my cell phone got stolen 
@1019MIXChicago I love going to the Cell, but it's pouring outside! 
I lost my cell phone 
I've gone almost a month without a cell phone...I miss it 
off to math no cellular device today 
i miss you already @jacbrody.  4 months in wyoming, living in a wagon.  no cell phone, no computer, no tv.    
Splinter Cell sounds boss, I really wanna watch the trailer 
@chooe804 i cant get em to send to my cell phone 
so yea my cell phone bill. OMGGGGGGGGGGGG i talk too much  going to the work placeee 
can't find cell phone 
bullpoo! I lost my cellular . 
lost cell phone 
@aknacer other than disposables and cell phone cameras that is 
I am really bored and kinda sad becuse my cell phone died 
is sad my cell phone died 
hopefully i'll be getting a new cell phone soon! But I NEED to finish the school year well 
researching gps-locator equipped cell phones and worried our son going to school next year  he's growing up so quick!
I wish I could tweet using my cell phone 
cell phone not allowed on desk. at lunch. doing good so far but i miss mocha  
@solangeknowles Your not the only one cell phone less 
trying  to stop my condo community from installing 4 cell phone towers.  damn then greedy cancer givers!
I have the most ghetto cell phone and I don't like it 
@JRKNaughtyNurse @JonathanRKnight I missed the bangin invitation too! Of all the days to forget my cell phone!  
@ImperiusRex88 slash message me your number because my cell phone is broken 
No cell phone use at work ! 
Phone is dying.   I hate the battery.
left my cell phone at home.....   I'm a stooge
@letstalk_dave any form of text-based communication via cell phone is illegal, I think that covers twitter 
cant find my cell phone 
@mainohustlehard remember when you tweeted your cell number? then i did it too after I made fun of you 
my cell is dead!  may he rst in peace... i have to buy a new one 2day! :S can't live without my phone!
Cell service is going in and out... So hopefully the the Tweets don't stop before the race starts.  #jamestri
shit i accedently erased all the massages in my inbox on my cell 
without a cell...no texting or calling for me until further notice 
Cell phone doesn't want to accept my twitter posts 
i wish i had a cell phone. 
i need some new picz for myspace..but my cell phone is broken 
taking my cell phone in for repairs 
@Lindascrush from my cell no can do 
I need a new cell phone so badly 
My Tweets are not working from my cell phone anymore? 
I think my cell phone is dying 
Trying to tweet from my cell phone but its not working 
tweeting slow from cell 
My cell phone is broken  need to see if I can get it fixed...
Looking at my cell phone bill 
i lost my cell phone 
left my cell phone at home 
I don't even want to touch my cell phone anymore; every time I do the screen goes black, or flashes, or goes upside down. 
The chances of finding my phone are becoming slimmer. Two of three places say they do not have any cell phones in lost and found. 
Txting off my cell doesn't work. 
soo I moved y'all. And my cell is back on now. So hit me up. &lt;3  I miss y'all  
@shaketramp Can you call my cell, please? I'm scared that I'm not calling her Saynow right. 
@sassyberries email your number. Cell phone died and I dont know your number by heart 
@becca_shoe ouch...its like a jail cell u can't get out of... 
my cell phone isn't working!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
still tweetn frm cell b/c i 4got about uverse install 
studying statistics is causing me to lose brain cells... 
apparently living without a cell phone means wiping your existence off from the face of the earth. i have a house phone people! 
can't sleep  hit up my cell
GRAAAH why is my cell phone sleeping? 
My cell phone rang and woke me up! 
@jaybrannan i dont get cell phone updates nymore for some reason s i never know when youre on jtv!  meh.  
my cell phone might turn off cuz I can't afford $40 
@Katastroph3 At least I see you got your cell phone charger.  Muthafucker, my ass feel asleep! I'm broken.  I really wanted to go though 
At grandmas, cells off 
ugh i have a feeling i won't be meeting demi and selena   mom is pissed off at my cell phone bill.
I can't find my cell 
@Silksmom click on the name and you can see the profile - I had two followers...one was cable, the other was cell phones - all spam  
i cant login on twitter with my cell phone oopsie 
One of the problems with packing - putting down my cell phone amid the mess and not being about to find it 
my cell phone doesn't get service anywhere in the house. so frustrating. 
@jennzillar there won't be electricity and there's no cell phone reception at koobi fora  miss you too!!
my cell phone cannot receive twitter msgs 
My cell phone didn't charge at all last night, wtf 
is online doing nothing but wishing she had a keyboard on her cell. 
 my cells diedddd
Hoping to get my cell phone back....it's been 3 days 
Ugh. I really really hate it when the hubby is away, I haven't talked him yet for the day, and he doesn't pick up his cell phone. 
I know, I must slap her later. Also, my cell phone got disconnected  @goldenafternoon
UGH my cell phone just died no charger at work 
#onthelow I hide his keys and cell phone just to get him to stay longer 
I miss having my cell phone glued to my hip  lol
My gal used 2 do dat @scholarette #onthelow I hide his keys and cell phone just to get him to stay longer 
busted the outside screen on my cell phone  now I cannot see who's calling me unless i flip it open. Crapola.
At work thinking about new iphone. To bad my company doesn't allow cell phones with cameras. Ugh 
waiting for my friends, i thought we were going to tuttimelon but idk anymore  i would knoww if my damnnn cell phonee bill was paidd!!
 only if u had service on ur cell these days wont be so looong! i miss u already. 
yay.  back on the puter.  tweeting from cell is kinda...well, it just takes way more effort.  i need a better phone.  
BAHHHH R.I.P. my cell-phone. 
wondering what my cell phone is doing.. it's charging... lame.. 
@LunaTriste: I'm not getting any device updates either... my cell is very quiet 
someone stole ny cell phone 
is disappointed the tweets arent coming through to my cell phone 
@jcOMFG direct message me your cell! i want to call and my phone is being a douchenozzle 
@IrishLad585 i wasn't allowed to even have my cell phone out  booo!! but i didn't have time anyway, lol. i'll post the final ones!
Couldn't sleep....my daughter's cell phone kept beeping because of a low battery and I couldn't find it to throw it against the wall  
Cell-phone battery shopping. I swear I just did this not long ago. 
@Laetificavi can't receive tweets on cell phone at all.. 
lost my cell phone  and the abttery is dead so i cant even call it!!!
But I so hate my cell phone camera 
@xxMemoxx the car got fucked up i was gonna call u but i took the wrong cell phone to school 
Still can't receive tweets from cell.     
Does anyone have an extra AT&amp;T cell phone I can have/borrow please??  This is frustrating me!! baaahh.
@twilkcom wifi seems to be ok from where I am. there's no cell signal though. 
Really hate cell biology 
i think my cell phone is having some sort of heart attack... it turned itself off 5 times today  i don't want it to die!!!
i misplaced my cell phone.  i'm pretty sure it's not for realzeez lost, but it is dead so i can't simply call it to find it :''(
P roach will be onstage right now  probably playing dead cell or maybe I almost told you...
My battery's almost dead on my cell. You still haven't texted me back.  That's not busy, that's avoidance.
Has anyone bought a decent cell repeater / signal booster?  Cell tower coverage at my house is dismal 
@x_reticent I tried, but I couldn't get any good pics on my cell phone 
And just like that! tweets are no longer coming through to my cell! This is maddening! And frustrating! 
@InfraStrength I want the 3g s but don't have an upgrade yet  just got the sims 3 can't believe it's a cell phone game
Cell phones suck!! Missed an important txt/call from my brother last night 
@SMMpharmd call me on my work phone when you get in; I forgot to charge my cell     312-384-8013
@queenofblending Only on my cell my camera is broken.  I wish though cause you are such an inspiration
had to charge the cell phone and missed out on the free uncharted beta codes 
my cell stopped letting me receive texts. i'm lost. 
I'm trying to send a picture through my cell but for some how it's not working... 
Thinks my cell phone just died!!! Not battery dead....dead, dead 
uggg. just lost like 20 contacts in my cell. 
I can't find my cell phone when I want to use it. 
id say all in all the bday was successful.. minus losing my cell phone  its either still in the cab or stolen so im phoneless for now
@1045CHUMFM I can't --I only have the net.. I don't have a cell so I can't enter this last contest  
@hopefullyjaded the 7 one sounds good. i can just meet you at the mall. my cell phone isn't working right now 
still no phone  i'm about to start blowin up the ups guy's cell lol
aww i miss my cell 
@postshaggy No!!! I forgot my cell phone while I was downtowwn!!! I'm sorry! 
apparently @aaroncarter7 gave out his cell phone number last night and i missed it..  bummer!!!! &lt;/3
i miss my cell phone 
wish i could tweet from my cell without it costing me 10 cents each time  i hate my phone .
I have some interesting footage on my cell phone, but i will have to go home and upload. it wont upload from my phone 4 some reason. 
got the twitter on the phone and laptop...lol service on the cell is weak @ da crib.... 
 I miss my cell phone 
testing out twitpic by picmessage from my cell. its shows my number now so igotta figure out how to hide it or private tweets agian 
stupid phone sucks!! no twitter on the cell 
i need a new cell phone... mine is dying 
it's a long way out here to this place. and plus there's bad cell phone service. 
Having serious cell phone issues 
Is testing updating my twitter from my cell phone ( no I haven't gotten out of bed yet  )
on cell service yet  but i get wifi...
http://twitpic.com/7on2o - my awesome broken cell phone camera 
 what shd I do, the 9cell battery for X61s said replacement required....
whyyy the fuck is my cell not sending my txts.. fail phone 
I can not call or message friends mandar friends have no signal on my cell phone 
no cell phone right now  and i really feel like texting. call my house if you need me.
Just moved in our new home - unpacking! So out of touch with everyone...  Cell: 312-505-7156...
needs my cell phone back  i'm dying without it! ugh.
I cannot add my ringtones in my cell phone ... So frustating 
@LovinJK4ever Whats it say? cant open twitpic on cell. 
3 cheers for losing the cell phone charger cable 
Out of town and I miss my cell phone 
My battery cell is dying I'm gonna have to charge it.  [idk where the charger is]
my cell is out of money and it won't let me top it up    cant even receive texts!!!!
my cell phone was stolen today  i had to pay $399 for a new one. grrrrr
is desperately trying to set up twitter via my cell but it's not working, GAHHHHH, wtf do I have to do 
lost her cell phone 
    My cell phone screen is dead.  Sooooooooooo, no texts and I don't know who's calling.  Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
Giving mom my cell phone, goodbye cell 
missing cell tonite 
@ScottFOD so no cell cast again tonight... 
@jodifur i am on my cell phone and can't see the link 
@msrachelriley I'm on my cell phone  can't go in there. but dm's work too.
just realized she left her cell phone at home.  
If you need to reach me call the cell cause I'm not picking up the home phone again..... 
just took cell pix of her, tryed to cath her runnin but my phone was way to slow 
lost my cell phone in java class 
@bitofmomsense You can tweet in from your cell phone, but you can't get messages on it 
@iambrianna did you leave it on my cell? I can't find it   so no...what's up?
my phones on its last cell and my computer trippin..... bad combo 
figuring out my new cell services is hard.  I feel old. Does anyone have a teenager they can lend me to explain how to use my cell?
hey guys im back! still no working cell 
My dumbass wiped the micro sd card I had in my cell phone.  On an unrelated note, fresh sheets are always wonderful.  *roll roll roll*
got new cell phone and dont know how to use it 
No cell phone!  I apologize if anyone has tried to contact me lately... be back home tomorrow!
is on the bus going home, and a little pissed that none of the quizzes will work on her cell phone 
I think my cell phone is cut off 
radar shows red heading towards her and i cant get her on her cell    
OUTSIDE, with liv. text cell 519-496-8293 
Is really happy I didn't ruin my cell phone, its work perfectly even after it got soaking wet in the strom drain!!!! 
rockband was fun and now im jst chillin on it!!  hit up the cell if you know the number!! =D
We even aren't allowed to have our cell phones turned on and &quot;they&quot; prefer to have us turn off the radio/music as well. We don't though 
woke up hearing ship fog horns. ...or maybe it was just his cell phone on vibrate? 
new hot pink cell phone cover! 
says numbers are all good - all that's left is the white blood cell count.  http://plurk.com/p/rqo8q
@PowBam_ If I called your cell phone would you let me talk to your teacher? 
new cell phone hit me up 850 692 4076 im bored only pple w/ alltel please!! (Y) &lt;3 
off to the mall! ill cell updateee 
@lizmoney do you know if there's any pre paid cell cards that has free calls between same provider? 
@shrutisinha and @losanjalis don't forget the flashlight by bed, slippers, and keep your cell phone charging over night. 
@teefchen i just hooked it up to my cell. You just texted me 
@dclingman You sound like a teen girl (with a cell phone). 
life without a cell phone is indeed wonderful! 
@BodyWisdomInc Thats my cell number  lol.
Now twitting from cell 
Applying my new cell phone cover! 
@anavalesmil If I'd have your cell phone I would call you... sorry. But you can give it to me and I'll take you the next time 
is home. Now time to watch more vids online!  Cell's good!
@missfit80 There's an awful lot of cell phone picture usage while driving the bus, is that legal?! 
@bigfootsurplus hey, I have to be discreet too! would it kill ya to pick up your huge cell phone once in a while? haha 
