Most common words for this cluster:
[('chicago', 397), ('seattle', 164), ('miami', 145), ('orlando', 112), ('day', 95), ('denver', 90), ('cleveland', 76), ('detroit', 66), ('http', 65), ('today', 59), ('philly', 59), ('time', 50)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Chicago', 0.843519389629364), (u'Cleveland', 0.730686366558075), (u'Seattle', 0.7254379391670227), (u'Philadelphia', 0.7250484824180603), (u'Miami', 0.7243764400482178), (u'Denver', 0.7224814295768738), (u'Milwaukee', 0.7129498720169067), (u'Baltimore', 0.7013642191886902), (u'Atlanta', 0.6967057585716248), (u'Detroit', 0.6952424645423889)]





all these crazy pollen trees in Washington state are making my sinuses go crazy 
I don't know how I am getting back to Miami.  It's like no one cares...
this is embarrassing and irritating. Conchords in Tampa Review. http://is.gd/rbFC 
@chrisbrogan What's not cool is all the snow in Detroit lately....   (haha!)
@davidm89 FYI: In case you're looking, a new Chicago Manual goes for about $50. 
Last day in Chicago. 
Going to Orlando-city of dreams this weekend..but it's going to be 90 degrees with thunderstorms 
@DestraGarcia come back to the states for Orlando carnival since I cant make it to miami 
Sleeping on the floor in Portland 
@RachelFerrucci I will. Our Denver event had to be postponed to next week due to storm 
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Seattle - Washington
Detroit Pistons &quot;road kill for Cleveland,&quot; and they know it.  http://tinyurl.com/c9dj6z (via @freep)
Driving down I-192 in Orlando and seeing all the closed down businesses :/. It's pretty depressing   #fb
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Chicago - Illinois
@LunaEclipse I think I'm going to be in Milwaukee during the game  - I can watch it from my phone though and still harass you ;)
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Baltimore - Maryland
Nebraska seems awesome. Tailgaiting can happen anywhere apparently. Wish I could make the connection in Chicago. 
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Baltimore - Maryland
Super sad I'm not enjoying the Chicago weather with all of you! Waiting for the cable guy, THEN to the office  
is in the airport in Philly annoyed...my flight is delayed 
Dammit Detroit!!  LEt's get it together!!    love you guys still!!  xoxox
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Minneapolis - Minnesota
Sometimes, walking in Brooklyn really makes me miss Columbus. 
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Baltimore - Maryland
I wish I stayed in Philadelphia to get @lilyroseallen 's tickets @ the art museum 
I am beat.  What can I do with my 2 two year olds tomorrow in Denver that won't kick my ass even harder?  Beers in backyard not an option 
Flames currently losing to Chicago 3-2 2min left in the 3rd.  Pretty good game tonight.
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Chicago - Illinois
@samnzed I can't believe they took it w/o a tow sign.  Not cool.  At least it's back.  Chicago = $170 to park 
is thinking what a great day this was for Cleveland sports but her precious Browns were left out and she is sad  #fb
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Chicago - Illinois
@mikenumbers I wantz to go to Chicago 
@dipbaby I'm at the Philly equivalent of club cafe and they're playing mariah bitbim not mariahfan here 
Halftime of the Portland Trailblazers 1st post season game since 03 Portland 44 Houston 62.  Not a good first half.
Flaming Lips come to PHX when I have to leave for Detroit 
listenin to the birds chirp. maybe fallin asleep at some point. no Cleveland for me, today 
Dreading packing &amp; not up for Miami tomorrow! Havent even gotten to shop at Kitson yet 
driving home from Chicago! 
Fishing yesterday for me in Tampa Southshore was slow  going for me 
7am flight to Seattle. Then, to ATL, then to GSP and home by 9:30 tonight. 
Packing to leave Miami 
Driving to soundcheck, wishing there was a Denver station that aired the @JesusShow   
@iHomeTech That's what's up yo. I see you're into making the environment greener, too bad there ain't shit to do to improve Detroit lol 
@saikano1 I would have if I lived in Miami  #asot400
our car stopped on our way to Tampa 
Breakfast with the fam...last morning in Chicago 
It's raining...why is there always something with the weather in Chicago? it can never be consistently NICE!! 
@kellyrichey minneapolis to indianapolis without stopping through Milwaukee? 
Its raining in Chicago today.  
Off to Chicago later today. I love it there except it is susposed to be cold 
not to thrilled about going back to Pittsburgh 
@osxpert what!?!? It's that one day I forgot to vote in Seattle. I don't believe it  so sad
Possibly snow in Chicago this week  ... I knew spring hadn't sprung.
ugh .. feeling ill.  luckily kept it just about away this weekend.  hopefully gone before travelling .. long trip to Miami with the flu 
that was a sad night, we lost to Philly, that was harsh 
@ccollinsmith You didn't do the trip to Chicago for #symp09 ?    Robbed!  Make up for it with a trip to Sydney instead  
On the road back to Orlando 
On bus heading to office on this rainy Chicago day 
Pittsburgh and Rent were amazing, now back to class 
Having a blast with my Chicago peeps, and MORGAN!  I miss city life.  
Morning everyone. On my way to the gym nice and early. Snow possible this morning in Chicago. 
back home after a 5 hour delay from Portland...should be in bed by now but can't sleep 
@THEREALBANNER ; you need to come to Detroit 
LOVES my nanny family and is so sad they are moving back to Denver 
R.I.P.  Evelyn! The last of the original Chicago Sicilians 
It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle
Not only is TMBG playing KC when we'll be in Chicago, but it's a full album Flood show AND there's a kid's show the next day. 
Now my iPhone's wifi is broken  ... At least I've got a fun week in store in Orlando! Wooo!
Last night in Chicago.  two great Italian places today though. ;)
I miss my wife and kids!  24/7 with them all last week on vacation and off to Chicago right when we got back 
@rustyrockets i used to work at American Girl in Chicago. I was in the musical for two and a half years before they closed the review 
The Order of Phoenix: yayaya... last minute inform or last minute disappear oni mah...   where got i dare fit.. http://tinyurl.com/csku5o
I'm actually in Pittsburgh for a game  and NBC doesn't let it be on the big screen. 
In Pittsburgh finally going to see sissy&lt;3 and unfortunatly her bitch girlfriend err  ..
Leaving today.  i'm going to miss this place so much. I do not belong in Philly...
Starting a long day of travel. I'm going to Chicago by way of Dallas. 
In case anyone was uncertain, Oakland is cold... and wet 
@andrea1ista ohhhh love that place too! I miss Ft Lauderdale/Miami 
Its back to Seattle weather again 
Kids are home, but they are out of food  in Denver, CO http://loopt.us/l6HIcw.t
Leaving the sunshine of Chicago for the rain in Portland 
Ahhhhhhhhh were is everyone today im stuck home!!Cinco de mayo!!! im missing the partys in Detroit MI 
@framezart Man we have all the same channels as in Denver except the actual Denver channels  SO no local channels 4 us no chnl 2 BOO
@J_Wun I tried to come to Denver...ddnt really work out  wht I miss???
Chicago lost  that sucks!  http://twitpic.com/4gzap
On my way to the airport - have to fly to Chicago this morning 
on the way to Tampa to say goodbye to Momma Chi 
Teaching Lotus Hands all day- I love this work- BUT- can't believe I'm inside on such a beautiful day in Milwaukee 
Headache   in Chicago, IL http://loopt.us/iEvSAQ.t
I made it! Pittsburgh 1/2 Marathon 3:13:32. my feet hurt -  and I didnt come in last. though the older gent sped past me at finish ;)
So sad to leave Chicago and return to real life. 
@KING5Seattle I think the pollen is all at my house 
In Toronto - plane to Newark likely to be delayed by one hour  Good job I decided to stay overnight in Newark tonight and drive tomorrow.
Night out w/ Nick... he leaves for The Chicago Bears 2morrow 
Had a great weekend in Denver..great weather.  Back in boring Phoenix 
Going to bed..hopefully tomorrow will be more exciting although is was a beautiful day in Miami minus the Game 7 loss 
@prymadona aww man I wish you didn't live in Portland than. 
@shedana @MandyCastillo yeah, me too  I wish they'd come to Denver
@cindeelean I am spending the holiday weekend in Denver. Actually, most of it in Nebraska. But nope, I won't be in Chicago. 
@iamashlee Oh no! I'm sorry  I have extra tickets for the Winnipeg and Minneapolis shows if you're interested in taking a road trip?
@emilio_delgado I would SO be there, if you were coming to Denver again  I would shower all of you with gifts too [but still probably  ...
@riotjock who wouldn't want head from you? of course i'm in Seattle - and there are other probs too  -- but good luck!
back to Philly 
am i living in Seattle with all this rain? Soggyboggyfoggy 
@BaltimoreTom I missed last Vegas trip because I had the flu.  But I've been to Miami &amp; Orlando, so I guess you can still be jealous. ;-)
@AllisonKaye wish I was there  on the up side I may bring Boyder to Chicago this wkend
home from Chicago 
Now I'm onto the Chicago v New England game! I don't care much for any of these teams but LA isn't playing today.  #MLS
should be in Philly tonight instead i am home with a splitting headache 
It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle
@yuliyatsukerman Chicago means &quot;At the skunk place&quot; 
None of the teams I wanted to win tonight won... I'm gonna be a mess if Seattle beats the Galaxy tomorrow.  #mls
@BleuMuze  Hit up gameworks and a movie in downtown Seattle.. went down to pike place market, but it was closed 
What happened to home ice advantage Canucks? I'm thinking Chicago is probably going to take the series 
@kendrajaderossi I'm in Miami south beach threw up my whole signing today 
Leaving NC  off to Chicago! I'm excited to see my guy!
Bummed to find out that Miami Ink will no longer air   http://alturl.com/t7tw
Heading back to Cincinnati, stopping at the track to watch M&amp;T race the Porsches and then studying my ass off. 
@KateHarding Wish I could be there! I don't think I could make it down from Portland in time though 
Just realized that its now 2 guys in my life from Chicago who turned out not to be what I thought they were, Chicago = pricks apparently 
is not wanting to leave Chicago today!! 
It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle
just found out that @taylorswift13 has a show in Portland the same weekend i'm there! no more tickets though! slap in the face, much? 
@trixie360 Ahh, Portland...I miss my hometown 
Chicago I never want to leave u 
Headed back to Baltimore to return to everyday life. 
@baitlynsays apparently I flapped my arms like a Phoenix while in air, which I don't remember at all 
@JANISA11 raincheck I'm going be in Miami dat weekend 
What the fuck? Denver needs the birdman god dammit 
@sabrina215 no   We're going a day early.  to get a full day in Miami!!
@Tegan_Cleveland well you are so lucky that you get to get out of here! i have to wait till thurs 
Dammit! I'll miss a show that I would love to see in Portland on 5/15 by hours.  http://www.dougfirlounge.com/cal.php
I have to wake up in 4 hours to drive to Washington for a promo shoot. This deserves more than just a sad face 
CSI Miami tonight, gonna go watch. WOW! I am only really twittering about tv. What a sad life 
I woke up this morning and it's pissing down rain, I bet it's the same in Washington 
Awaaaake  fuck my life, I'm soooo tired. However, Chicago calls and I'ma see dem boys in Anarbor tonight after/while exploring the city 
@dream09 ahhhh!! This y I love my Miami friends cuz they r unemployed like me n always have time for random adventures! Lol ok 
@danecook Have a great show in Cleveland tonight! I'm sad I cannot go! 
no longer moving to Tampa!!! 
On the Acela back to Baltimore. Last day at Hopkins 
@LoveAllCureAll Brebaby got tickets to Jones Beach and not me   I was tinking of going but already doing Detroit/Chicago &amp; tinking Cinc
We finally picked a hotel. The stinkiest non-smoking room in Phoenix. 
I wish I was going to Miami  
80 miles left?    too soon. If I didn't havta be back in Orlando in the morning Id just straight to the keys
I guess alls well that ends well...I'm still single for the record lol. Leaving Cleveland will be bittersweet to 
What's open at 6am for breakfast in Seattle? 
What's open at 6am for breakfast in Seattle?  http://twitter.com/ddewinter/statuses/1825554252
@Zahaari Baltimore is great! I leave 2morrow  what have u been up too?
@mollaiwood Oh but I live in Orlando. Not Tampa  But I might be going down there for Warped in July.
No Roadies  Season ended! So watched Miami Ink- all about tattoos
Leaving for Tampa soon 
im gonna miss my home and my fam   i love Toluca lake i will miss u so much going to Orlando tour with my uncle thxnls fan for all &lt;3
Eehh. the homeless people in Tampa make me sad 
realized last night that the Seattle to Portland ride is the same weekend as the ALA annual conference in Chicago. What'll I do??! 
still writing my shit second examensarbeit  Whishing Orlando and Dwight the best!
in Orlando, Florida for a business trip. No, I did not bring the kids as school was not out. 
I wanna go to Baltimore 
I'm cold, I packed all my jackets, even my blazer (I didn't wanna accidentally ruin it). I wish the bus would get here. Dammit Pittsburgh 
Transport into Seattle. Tired want my bed back.  hope eveyone else is having a good night
Boarding my flight in Illinois! Bye bye Chicago  
Oakland Tribune sums up B2B: &quot;Kenyan runner breaks 16-year-old record; fewer nude participants this year. &quot; I'm sad I missed it 
http://twitpic.com/5f60i - I'll miss you Miami   waiting to depart back to the bean where its gray &amp; cold
@shiftin yes and no - I can't do that w/end due to being in Chicago again. 
 because Boston (and fine ass Eddie House, #whocangetit, by the way) lost last nite. Boo Orlando! LA/Cle in the finals, baby!
http://twitpic.com/5f6v7 - me in Chicago next to my laptop  i miss my laptop it broke v.v
In Detroit @ the oral surgeon while her baby gets 4 wisdom teeth pulled 
@bbibby u would schedule for the day I'm supposed to be in Chicago for my cousin's graduation! 
Brief wheels down in Baltimore. En route to Louisville. Wayyyy back of the plane. 
I think I'm missing Miami a little bit, prefer the hot sunny weather 
Headed out to Denver this morning. Security line was long but went quickly. 60 or so people on upgrade list. No chance for me 
something nasty is brewing outside in these Tampa skys 
Leaving Chicago soon 
Landed in BOS from a late night/redeye flight from Philly  very tired
Heading back from Miami today 
Hoping on a plane in about 15 to head bk to Tampa. I'm NOT ready to come bk at all. 
Wondering why the people in Chicago are so miserable!! I miss my sister. 
packed up to leave Chicago   don't wanna go back home.  .  .
@timmeh live in Philadelphia for a month.  It's *never* NOT rainy and windy. 
@havok452 Why not Chicago? 
@tinkerbell_18 I know!  I wish I could give him a hug so he could feel better. We gotta get at least one in Denver!
@DYNASTYLA24 I knew that Denver was and is going to be tougher than the cavs. But I can't deal with loses. When we are so so close 
In Cleveland you have to pay for sunny days 
Waiting in the Cincinatti airport for the next flight  borreed
@SantriseNicole hey sexy lady. You were all busy my last day there.  Does Chicago miss me?
Starting to plan the great weekend with my honey...big choice, Tampa or Miami?!? We NEED a sitter for our furbaby!  i feel like a mom! lol
Miami International has absoluty nothing that resembles a book store. 
Sitting in traffic on the Baltimore Washington parkway 
Driving back to Oshkosh! I hate Milwaukee traffic 
off to Portland for my cousins wedding. i already miss my hubby 
@shanellelee Anything with the word flavor in it, for the most part, sounds like a good plan to me. Unfortunately, I'm heading to Philly 
I should be landing in Detroit right now... sigh    #DEMF
@taytay137 awww  yeah me too bcuz I never get to see u in Orlando hahaha
Mroning all...safe flight nd fun weekend to all leaving for Miami...smh...hating right now 
@spidermonkeynes Because Cincinnati needs another country station. 
done with my classes till tuesday..heading to Miami to move my boo in 
Cleveland sports teams keep breaking my heart. We haven't won anything since 10 years before I was born. Why can't this be our year? 
@ATsLady Cleveland still rocks!  soooo close 
i'm so sad that Cleveland lost  cmon lebron.... damn.
Cleveland has only one player i'm afraid 
Calling it a night, today was a good day...massage, wax, hair wash and Orlando won but 2 morrow have 2 look 4 a condo 
@TheRealJordin -- just found out you're coming to Phoenix...  wish I could afford the ticket. 
@luke_jr Thanks for a great weekend. I miss you  Hope you get cool records in Portland &amp; Seattle. xo
besides Phoenix, now I know why the songs from nylon magazine were free 
Cleveland breaks my heart once again 
last night in Denver 
dissapointed about missing the VIP chance on NIN in Chicago. 
dissapointed about missing the VIP chance on NIN in Chicago. 
112-102..  STILL BELIEVE IN MAGIC! game 6 in Orlando &amp; im hoping that the series would end there!
@MissyWard go easy on us Cleveland sports fans. Actually, just pity us.  We don't know how to act when we win because we never win.
@AmbersAlerts me too - I'm still going to Orlando- I was supposed to go to Tampa Saturday...  r u gonna go to another one this summer?
Just watched Cleveland win whilst sitting in a cold garage 
@TwittterTeej if that series happens, it has the potential to be super boring...  Chauncey will make mincemeat of Orlando.
Egads. Watching this ep of SYTYCD makes me embarrassed to say I'm from Seattle.  #fb
is watching his Seattle peeps giving it a shot in 'So you think you can dance'... and thinks the lack of vitamin D really shows 
@Missmc805 sigh, I wish I lived closer. I wish they would come back this way again, theclosest they are coming is Seattle-need a passport 
@live1day It was pretty good....Seattle was not sadly 
It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle
had a great day full of many many many things.  + Phoenix bumping, scraping or otherwise hurting himself all day long... owie, owie, owie 
@ItsDeandraBitch for sure! The one in LA doesn't live up. Its always recycled stuff from Orlando.  Do you still go to Orlando?
Eatin calamari, gettin ready to go to Chicago (in the middle of the night, because we're idiots) for last NIN show. 
FINALLY...the internet is up. The server is down in Phoenix and it was fucked up. 
to Chicago... but why isn't my ride calling me back? 
@blucu so u aren't going to be in Chicago 
@DunkDetox it must've been Miami cause I haven't been able to drive my car since we got back...it needed an oil pump 
@epiphanygirl  When are you coming to Indianapolis  !?!?
@sarrasina OMG...thank you so much for sending that, I hadn't seen yet. So loving the new Phoenix, too bad they're not coming to Seattle 
Wish I was in Chicago. 
#FF @AriesChild she is my Vegas buddy &amp; A Laker lover uuugh but I love her even though I'm all the way n Chicago 
is sadly going to have to cancel my Chicago trip next week. 
@audreyallure - I'm really thinking about staying till tomorrow .. I have to be back in Philly 2nite, but I wanna stay so bad. 
At pool in Orlando got new kicks  going to seaworld tommrow miss my best friend 
@btocher  http://bit.ly/TVERS - ever been here? the night we didnt meet  we ended up here - possibly the best pizza this side of Chicago!
one last stop in Chicago before going back to Miami 
@eddievedder no such luck and u aren't coming to Detroit  Luckily, I'll be seeing u and the crew in Chicago
@KimmelCenter if I could make it to Philadelphia this year I would be there!! but sadly, i cannot 
Its rained ever day in Miami since I've been here..... 
Oh great Tampa people - anybody in the area know someone who works for the Jain Society of Tampa Bay? None of their phone #'s work. 
@arischenck Headed back to Baltimore tonight 
Just passed the exit to Baltimore. 
On the airport in Philadelphia at the moment, waiting for the plane to leave in about an hour. Just six more hours on a plane 
@modulista You're in Miami right? I don't see a hand delivery in your near future unfortunately 
@midtown i'll teleport it straight to you 
So Chicago is pretty much sold out of tshirts now 
In Seattle Washington....im SOOOOO hungry&amp;i miss alaska 
My 89 year old grandma in Chicago is having emergency surgery today.... 
is missing Tampa 
@Buffalo_Souljaa I couldn't eat 2 
Today is lame because I am not in Orlando  I am soooo looking forward to NEXT friday 
is on her way to Seattle! Yay for Seattle, boo for Matt leaving. 
@MaxLucado WGN in Chicago used to be the calm airing of ideas, but in the last 30 days they changed the programing to sound-bite shouting 
Where are my peeps? And my boyfriend? In Miami 
@goodwin0904  hey, but you have gal pals here in Phoenix!!!  
@vestybaby I went to Chicago for a few days and was twitterless while I was there 
Last night in Chicago!  Making it one for the record books. Wrigley most likely? See you there?! 
@amalah I am very jealous.  I was supposed to go see it in Seattle with a friend this summer but she had to bail out because of work 
Waiting for the Denver game to come on.. but i dont think their gonna win it  Lakers suck lol :p
Waiting for the Denver game to come on.. but i dont think their gonna win it  Lakers suck lol :p.... Come on Denver!!
@glennbeck wish we could come see u on Denver  husband lost his job and can't afford it
@anwith1n Missed you at LoDo's 
@UndressJess Wish could, but riding a tour from Chicago back to Iowa. 
@antdiggitty I'm so jealous! I miss Washington 
The cabel is out and I am missing the Lake-Denver Game. Not okay 
@MsAboveAverage had kind of a freak accident... watersports gone wrong in Miami    smh
Sitting in Denver night court  http://yfrog.com/11xtdfj
Wishing I lived closer to Miami so I could attend Encounterfest 09. 
@radseed LOL the song was on I'm not really in Miami 
@DanTanner Noticed gas prices in Portland (PDX) beginning to creep up here too. 6 to 8 cents increase overnight since 5/28/09. 
@JillMac78 Denver is behind by 13 can't remember what the actual score is though. 
@court482 not looking good Court!!  Denver is on the ropes...
We should be on our Tampa - WPB road trip!  
@sbaylatin 79 -- 67 Denver down 
@KhloeKardashian Can you even get that station in baltimore? Baltimore sucks! 
I think it's time to say goodbye to the Denver Nuggets. 
 Season is over for Denver
End of the road for Denver.. 
it's cold in this hotel room.  In Denver, yay!
Not a very good ending  I need to go home. Two more weeks til Portland.
its already midnight. I still have to do laundry and get packing for the afternoon flight to Orlando 
Crying over this Denver game 
@aubreyanne LOL it's cool maybe next year Denver 
It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle
Cincy has no promising prospects..... 
@nikcz awww thnxs hun!!! I'm sure he wont come to WI at all i mean he's gunna b @ the convention in Chicago but not the band 
Getting up + ready 2 head 2 indiana. 2day's the day. Oddly terrified + quite disappointed in the sunburned nose I acquired in Chicago. 
My time in Orlando is almost over 
Last day in Cincinnati 
@ScoobieKisses it was so hectic and crazy  we left early... I officially hate Miami yuck!!!
lots to do 2day...leaving Orlando 2mrw 
About to take cousin to the airport  in #Chicago.
Last weekend in Chicago ... this sucks! 
June 2nd is come, and I really wanna see that ATL stripper set her lady parts on fire. Too bad I live in Tampa! 
@drubloomfield I'm here in Chicago, which is giving Seattle a run for it's money as the grayest city... 
Hey all, hope you all have a wonderful day! waiting for the carpet to be put in then off to Universal, still sad about no Tampa tonight 
good morning..... umm hey Chicago twits....whered the sun go again?!?!?!  no more gloomy skies please!
@Jonasbrothers that's nice your next chat is when I'm in Washington D.C 
@echolocated It's politica in Washington as usual...if they piced a white old rich guy that would be racists too 
@MusicFanFirst dang, you have a show in Chicago coming up? I'm mad I'm gonna miss you AGAIN.   One day, though...  ENjoy your stay here
Nvm people got here had to turn them away.  my last alt.net Seattle I'll present this. I'd like to flesh it out.
@SlimBurkett ...I surely hope so! I just wish it could've been Denver who got them outta ther sooner... 
the 'west egg' what a cool place to eat - I feel as if I am on Dinners Drivens &amp; Dives. our last meal in Chicago 
Still haven't gotten rid of this damn cold!!!  and Denver lost last night! Grrrr
Heading out to Miami Jai ALAI going to play the rebuy tourny any wayi will let know how i do wish i could tweet from there 
ferry back to Seattle, 
Remote desktop has decided to work, so did not have to go into ofc. But still at home, working, instead of en route to Philly as planned. 
Seattle today. One last time!  and  at the same time.
Spoke with @LouA to invite him to the Pre - #socrecruitingtweetup. He is scheduled to be in Chicago.  
isn't sure if I should be happy that the wings are doing good (since I loved them) or be sad bc the hawks suck. Like every Chicago team 
At the Orlando airport, heading back home. 
Portland tickets don't go on sale till Saturday. Incidently, the tickets I had reserved for Seattle were freaking perfect. 
@phinesiabell Thanks! I will. I've got to keep busy to keep from going crazy tonight! It was supposed to be my first 5* in Tampa 
@YourPGHPENGUINS I so wished I still lived in Pittsburgh so I could get myself a yard sign 
Working..thinking about how Denver lost the game last night  They had a great season...can only hope they continue getting better
@andyprovidence I DO!!! But I can't  have fun while the weather is nice in Seattle.
@jlc83 Nope  I'm taking more of a traveling position with the co.  I'll still be based in Chicago
I'm missing Chicago being back in suburbia. 
I really don't want to leave home and go back to Cleveland. 
@beantown69 Tampa show that was cancelled today.....right now would have been the meet and greet 
@Tam98 tonight we would have been on our way to Tampa for the show  xx
Watching the Cubs... wishing I were in Chicago... I guess I'll just do laundry and clean the house 
@mischadammit Do you know ANYONE who would be willing to sell their tix for Chicago con? It's my b-day on the 13th, so I'm dying to go. 
http://twitpic.com/6aid2 -  i left a gorgeous day in atlanta yesterday for this shitty Miami-rain!!!
@RightGirl  that sucks. U should come hang out here at wrigley field. Sunny &amp; 72 here in beautiful Chicago today!
@KourtneyKardash I am!! lol..theres nothing to do in Miami when its raining 
Dodgers Loose to Chicago Cubs 7 - 0 
its raining in Orlando 
Detroit just scored.  
@epiphanygirl Orlando... by a lot... 
@yelyahwilliams  sad that the Denver meet &amp; greet wasn't as fun 
AirTran unimpressive. Had to check my bag (overhead full)  So...luggage still in Milwaukee until tomorrow. SNo vouchers for incidentals. 
is back in Tucson now.  had an awesome time at the Game even though Atlanta lost  gonna chill and see what else were gonna do this evening
If my mom cheers for Orlando one more time.....we're gonna have a fucking dispute 
@jlondon81  Cleveland is extremely disappointing! 
I'm definitely going 4 Orlando in the finals. I hate LA. Damn Denver Nuggets 
@K_TRU I'm definitely going 4 Orlando in the finals. I hate LA. Damn Denver Nuggets 
Cleveland!!!! 
I can't shake this down mood today and not sure where it came from  in Portland, OR http://loopt.us/mRoLAA.t
45 years heartbreak for fans in #Cleveland. 
Looks like it's over for Cleveland 
 I guess I wouldn't be a true Cleveland sports fan without years of collapse and disappointment
@lemdunnigan this is a sad night. geeez Cleveland!! 
@weendizzle SAd....Cleveland could have just stayed home 
Cleveland is OUT  
 Cleveland @MsJBell Congrats Orlando
this hurts..and whats sad?..nobody knows how it feels to follow Cleveland sports..45..no, 46 years and counting 
Cleveland lost. 
kinda hates that I'm going to Miami....now I don't think I'm gonna be able to go to Atlanta....   
Ahh this hurts. Cleveland 
Why am I a Cleveland sports fan??  going to bed early for work
Man sad night in the NBA world...  Orlando beat Cleveland!!! 
all pro teams should move out of Cleveland &amp; use the stadiums for guantanamo bay inmates-the city would generate $ without the heartache 
no more guitar hero or excessive man hugging in the playoffs since Cleveland got eliminated 
Heartbroken  ...the life of a Cleveland sports fan. #cavs
Man, tonite had Chicago written all over it. Too bad I didn't take the plunge   Soon however...very soon. I'm due for a show!!
In Baltimore!!! The O's game was great too bad we lost.. 
@hauserpromo hey- we're in Seattle..  Leaving late tonight, though. 
Ugh Pittsburgh lost  they will win in the end, however
We're all witnesses to another heartbreaker for a Cleveland team  &lt;3 alecia
Another year without a championship... being a Cleveland fan sucks 
Seattle weather is too hot. 82 degree inside my place is killing me  I even have all my window open to vent all day...
@Grantelectric I wanted to come to the Chicago show tomorrow so bad! But I can't. 
Cleveland only wins titles in video games... 
And the Cleveland sports curse continues. 
Going to miss Baltimore. 
now I want to watch Orlando  best movie.
It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle
is witness to a new addition in a long list of Cleveland disappointments. 
ugh I seriously stopped caring after Denver lost 
back at my hotel.. tired, long day... bad allergies out here in Portland! 
Its over for the CAVs &amp; Cleveland. And it's a painful end to what seemed like a promising season.  
My misses Miami 
Miami Countdown: 12. Starting to hate my job 
playoffs.  cavaliers lost.  orlando magic won, L.A lakers vs. Orlando magic. wee. (championship)
@14eleven Listening to these bands has given me a much-needed break from the awful Phoenix-area bands that keep pestering me 
My favorite band, The Magnetic Fields, is touring, but not to Chicago. Closest is Columbus, OH. 
Packing... moving to Philadelphia tomorrow and i'll be up all night 
@savagestar he was sick and was sleeping before the soundcheck so he wasn't there. I heard he was really sick at the Chicago show. 
Miami Countdown: 12. Starting to hate my job : Miami Countdown: 12. Starting to hate my job  http://tinyurl.com/n4eh2o
http://twitpic.com/6bmzq - i HAD lost hella weight when I moved to Oakland...and my hair was long 
Almost time 4 me to leave Miami....oOo how i'll miss u 
@losnegard I always end up being the last to know when you come to Seattle 
Dangit!! All these AMAZING bands are in Seattle now. Why Seattle? Because SC sucks... 
'Tis another sad day for Cleveland fans 
Family headed off to Philadelphia for 3 days - leaving me home alone 
Heading back to Baltimore area for 1 more meeting.  Hopefully I'll get home early enough to get in some pool time. It's so nice out!
I'm afraid it will not be Orlando, that does suck now that theyve killed the King 
On the ground in Houston on my way to Portland for an MCN board meeting... Woke up at 3:30am for the flight 
Buffalo bound 
Packing for a week in Chicago. Last min trip for a funeral  BUT get to see some wonderful relatives &amp; honor a great man.
@laurenEco Philly will miss u 
The Cleveland curse continues 
Busch Gardens Tampa! Leaving my phone at home, no rollercoaster Tweets today  #fb
On our way to PHL. Dora is flying back to Chicago.  - http://bkite.com/082aw
Tired of saying goodbye....Chicago stole my other half 
@HomeRun314 ha ha I hope Orlando winssssssssss but how you  a lil upset with me thats not fair  lol
Headed down to Denver to take Z to the airport in a few hrs. It will b nice to b in summer weather. I'll miss him though... 3 wks gone. 
This sucks...I just got traded to the Pittsburgh Pirates 
I get a feeling I am gonna be camping out here in Denver for quite a while 
there were a lot of upsets this post season in the nba... Boston is out, Cleveland is out...and Chicago 
Wow, last night was fun! Last day in Chicago 
Weekend is over and I'm on my way back to the airport with my Detroit friend. I haz a final tomorrow 
@aloneinacrowd Awww...sorry they don't service Detroit yet  They're awesome!
Seattle is sunny &amp; hot! But no pool in sight 
Leaving Chicago 
It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle
I'm in Miami bitch. Haha it's stuck in my head  oh noess
It's raining in Miami  Miami is sad that I'm leaving I have to back to St Louis  ughhhhh
@caliprodigy i know.  Cleveland choked
It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle
@britt_mxgirl Reds are about to lose again.  Columbus's soccer team beat Seattle yesterday!
is heading to Seattle to meet up w/ @APHughes... and still missing my other half. 
@ravengrape if only we were on warped when it passed through Orlando 
I want to work at Seattle Grace hospital 
ggrrrrr...spent zero time outside and I still gotta pack and get to Milwaukee.   I will do it quickly!!
@TeenSamantha me too, had to buy new laptop today  Thats my flights to Philly canx now ;)
@mainohustlehard You were n Detroit? I missed U 
Sitting on the runway at Pittsburgh airport waiting to take off.  Flight Iis delayed. 
Rangers tied it up in 8th but Oakland scores a homer in 9th. We lose  still, was a nice day to watch a live game at ballpark!
Sitting at PHL airport waiting to board my flight back to Orlando 
@youngq  in Orlando NKOTB canceled the show I am suppose 2 b recovering from 2day 
Hoping the Wings can pull a 2-0 lead over Pittsburgh tonight!!! won't be able to watch the game till tomorrow though 
This is sad....I'm missing Miami 
going to Chicago to FINALLY see my causin!!! I miss u so much vannessa 
Chicago just ended.  i wish i lived in those days                                   (RICHIE)
@taylorswift13 it's not airing here in Pittsburgh  will it be online?!
why didn't @taylorswift13 come to Miami  I wanna cry watching this.
@frankiemuniz gee, way to make me wish i lived in Chicago.  can u take pics of nelly though?
@r3v3rend You would either have to come up to the Philly area, or I'd have to go wherever you live. Shipping's not really an option 
I don't wanna drive back to Philly. Wahhhhh 
@midtown take me bowling!   
wow. The whole city of Chicago is closed. Here's to hoping they find my luggage 
@owlcity Where did you eat pizza? haha im from Portland but i didnt get to go see you and relient k play. 
looks like my chances for a backstage pass to No Doubt  concert here in Tampa is looking mighty slim now...   darn it!  still can happen
I wish I was in Philadelphia with my Beijing loversss right now 
I didn't want Penguins to vs Detroit in the first place... and now my team is losing 
@tinydeww All I know he was sick at the Chicago and Noblesville show.  
Pittsburgh is losing, not again 
Detroit is gonna win this game... 
I hate that when the weather gets nice all I hear about is shootings on the news or read about it on Chicago news twitter feeds. 
Watching CSI:Miami since I'm poor to enjoy life right now. 
currently crossing the stateline into Arkansas. Chicago seems so far away    6 hours down 11 left to go!
@terickson82 Continuing on...Pittsburgh is definitely playing better compared to last year, but it still may not be good enough 
Eating breakfast w/o bacon  getting ready for day one of the #rsc2009 conference in Orlando
See we used to go Ft Worth Seattle Chicago Ft Worth home every week now home every 5 weeks 
I normally don't remember dreams this well. It's weird.  A lot of places were recombinations of places I've lived in Baltimore.  Strange. 
I don't want Detroit just falling into shambles. 
Leaving Chicago. 
@Atlanta7 Tsk tsk typical....(also sad about news re: DLR too   )
@LeotaTX they didn't acquire $180B in debt because of the recession, the UAW is killing Detroit. Blame them. But they still get to stay 
http://bit.ly/10EUHH - lawyers facing layoffs in Baltimore, law students uneasy  - sounds familiar 
It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle
@ninotchkita* june 10? I'm not going to Orlando 'til a month from now 
And I wish I was still in Portland 
@ConniD u left me for Miami and when I call u u don't answer  LOL but u can come 
living in the Detroit area is very depressing these days 
It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle
Heading back to D.C. this evening. I miss Chicago already! 
@LoBosworth it's rainy in Miami today.. 
Going back to Chicago today  I will miss you Los Angeles, until next time!
I better get a quick start on that online driving class. Before the city of Detroit makes me pay up for those tickets. 
will be sad to leave Seattle 
@TinchenFFM och nix Chicago? schade 
Wow I'm really gonna miss my Baltimore men!! 
Punch drunk with allergies.  Not a cold.    Wondering if Denver is going to work out for me.
wishing I was still in Portland... 
can't find my phone in Detroit bummed to lose the Dare 
well the Vemma/Verve Panera meeting is canceled because my buddy @tomcarrigan has to go pick up Bill Cosby at the airport in Chicago! 
I just mailed my uniform to Milwaukee! 
@Chicago_Ted I went to a local shelter and they had two of the most affectionate, fluffy cats, but they had already been adopted.  
Wishing I was in Miami....I miss it toooo much 
Riding to Baltimore  dammit
It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle
@dannywood so disappointed u left ur Miami fans without Full Service!!! 
ahhhhhh I don't know if I want to move back to Miami. I love it here 
I so wish I was in Philly right now with @valenciamusic @alyssaxghetto @eryn_b @mmwhalen and everybody else right now. I miss the crew. 
Why is it raining sooooo much this is Miami  I think I need a boyfriend any suggestions ?
Being born in Detroit and raised in a car family this GM news today is sad 
It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle
Why is it raining sooooo much this is Miami  I think I need a boyfriend any suggestions ? http://twurl.nl/6fu24u
And back in rainy Denver. 
@julibarcelona I'm sure you will have a good time even with the major Tweetup you'll miss in Chicago.  
@BlackWomen I needed it to be my CAVS! But I will enjoy a good game, just don't care who win. I wanted Denver too! 
@MattieJ Chicago is bye bye....they were my pick so the beard must go 
@cupcake_nyc Someone was tryin 2 talk me in2 Pittsburgh but I don't think I can do it becuz I fly out of Raleigh 2 NYC the vry nxt mornin 
Just finished popcorn and a movie...last night in Chicago! Home to ATLhell tomorrow 
Polluted waters by Miami affect Dolphins - sterility &amp; sick babies  http://bit.ly/rgEVe
About to go to bed, tonight is my last night in Chicago... 
@CrunchyK I'm headed to Miami tomorrow...wish it was Atlanta! 
@tiffanytcheng aw boo! i can't do june 10. haha. have an @IABC_Phoenix committee meeting.    we are never going to get together. haha.
I wish we could go to pride weekend in Chicago again. 
@Killaya I totally cried the other day because we didn't get Lights in the Sky in Chicago.... 
My wifey is gone for a week to Washington state 
Going to Orlando later today...can't see any of my friends  I don't even see the point.
I so need to get at least 4 miles in today.This Chicago doom and gloom weather is not motivating at all! 
Waiting for the freaking plane in Miami 
@xstaylor Chicago might help that...don't think I can go, though.  
On my way to Chicago! First time in a long while flying Southwest Airlines. Bummer that I forgot to check in online. Boarding group C 
got to the train station late.  now the train has died on the tracks.  I think this is all a sign that I should not head into Philly.  
@andrewwk are you planning to come to the Northeast Florida area sometime? Nyc is far away. 
@misstwinkle - http://bit.ly/1gbpi - NYC. http://bit.ly/jdh5b - Chicago. Both complete tragedies 
Another cloudy day in Chicago 
still no word on Tampa job....i'll b so sad if i dont get it 
@zombigeist - looks like i'm not going to Miami.  really hoping for it but, things sort of changed.  come up here and visit! i'll help!
At the airport...flight delayed  Not getting into #Miami until midnight!
In Chicago... For like, FIVE minutes! 
Ugh  #Detroit just scored again  making it 2-1 against the #pens
@arbonneteam @frombottle2box it's hard, cuz' Detroit could use some love - rough year for them too  #redwings
Chicago isn't doing a good job at inspiring me 
@11Phoenix really?! I was gonna go 2 my 1st game this year! 
@etsob I just realized I am on my way to Baltimore then   But you should definitely see if you can go - it looks good!!
in Miami eating at Flanigan's. they serve dolphin  don't worry they only eat the once that rape people! haha
At Fore Play, sports bar in Portland, Maine. Gotta be at airport around 4:30am.. flight leaves at 6am. To Washington DC, then Detroit. 
Yaaaay, we got first row catwalk seats for Portland(: woohoo. ahaha. I'm exhausted, again. 
It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle
Dammit, I hate when I pull flaky musician moments.  Looks like no Baltimore show after all.  
@soaps3 IDK, I haven't told Lary yet. I will have to get back to you, I just hate going to Chicago 
probably a bad time of day to ask, but: do you know of any bike designers around Portland? i know one, but don't have his contact info 
Time for sleep. Only one more day in Minneapolis  But then it's time for Chicago and Grand Rapids! :-D
@Chicago_Ted And the booth babes don't get to be half nekkid anymore either.  
@leehopkins ok you guys are just too adorable! You should have given us notice so we could have maybe met you in Seattle! 
@hopesfrenzy You got lucky. Comcast ain't coming to my place for a week and I picked the one building in Seattle with no stealable wifi. 
Emergency room in Chicago. 
I wish we had thunderstorms here  I miss the crazy Miami lightning and schitzo weather.
@AnaRC Buffalo looks just as bad this morning 
This Strep throat sucks donkey dick.  I have never been in so much pain before.  Apologies to my Philly guys.  
@AnnetteStatus shes not coming to Pittsburgh! 
@cookiejac yeah I know witch makes me very sad. We already planned Atlanta &amp; have VIP &amp; was just gonna do regular for Tampa but yeah. 
The denizens of Chicago musta drank too much water before bedtime, since the streets smell like pee this morning. 
@crazypirates03 aww  I don't blame you. I LOVE Chicago weather.
Thinking about my planned trip to Chicago, should I got to NY instead? To early to tell  I really wanted to go to Chi town..
@mileycyrus  im really bummed your not coming to Denver on your Tour 
Baltimore is #1 in homicides again! We conserve energy by using light from gun fire rather than light bulbs! 
Why do I have to be at work on what is probably going to be the nicest day of the year in Seattle 
@taralou88 I know  and he can't attend a convention in Chicago he was suppose to attend  and knowing him he must hate sitting around....
@rhitgirl oh. So no west Chicago visit?  I got excited. So. How's work?
@bowwow614  Have to go to Chicago today....sorry bud!
Seattle revisited....sigh 
Life is goooood, I love Austin. I am worried about @roliveratx, I am pretty sure she missed her flight to Chicago 
Leaving for Chicago.... missing my bed already. 
@whitkneepee I know, jus killin my Miami expierence. 
wat up Seattle. I kind of have a hangover from too much free beer last night. I wish somebody would buy me a cup of coffee and a donut!! 
@planetpit that's Miami for you... Hurricane season 
@jyce   Its raining in Miami too. 
@veronique0882 HOB Chicago? Man...weekend I might be in southern MI. But...it's a SUNDAY!!! 
I am Orlando bound.......geesh long road ahead 
about to head to airport to fly home. I love midnight arrivals in Chicago.   #boarding SEA
I'm still sad Orlando lost the first game 
hey, so you know that plane I was supposed to take to B'ham? It's still *in* B'ham. min 2.5 hour delay. in Oakland. 
@keatonandrew aye kid grab a palm tree 4 me I'm off to Chicago 
Fitz's to see @mechanicalboy and @windsordrive Last time I get to see them before I move to Chicago. 
Getting ready to say good bye to some of my Chicago friends.  
Getting ready for the garage sale tomorrow and waiting for my sis-in-law's flight to come in from Cleveland...delayed an hour. 
Also, I'm fairly certain I left them in a cab. USB drive has *really* sensitive info on it. There are like 200 cab cos in Chicago 
@pdwhite522 I'm missing Cleveland this time around.   And I REALLY want to go to Indy.
@musikluvr10 I'm trying to get the hubby to be that early, but he is worried about Chicago traffic!! 
It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle
I'm going to miss Caro so much. I wish she could've visited Chicago first 
Wordcamp Chicago is sold out 
@ebassman really wish I could be there with you  seeing you in Atlanta was awesome! Cleveland is on babe! HAHA
@lil126stephy I'm lookin just to see what I'm missin  Closest to me is Chicago...Sux to live in Iowa! ZERO fun here! *sigh
About to take a power nap. Back at it early. Countdown to Atlanta &amp; Miami begins. Almost 3 years since that Arizona AND 1 stop. 
off to Chicago! first class all the way((: hahh. I would say text but I have to turn off my phone 
In the hospital and missing the Philly release of the air yeezys....pissed 
Highly recommended Chicago restaurant Vermillion: Latin ingredients Indian preparation. (Unfortunately didn't go, one in party objected) 
@ecyrd Yeah, I think it's just Atlanta and Detroit for now. Sucks though 
At the star trek event down in Philly. I hope johnathan is going to like it. He didn't even know what live long and prosper was. 
@tehchrister I'm going to the Buffalo and Chicago shows. I have terrible seats for both  But shitty seats still = FOB
so good..that's why I can't live without it...man this song gone be on repeat while I'm in Cleveland...smh...I'm going to miss my baby! 
I just want to go back to Philly and have real friends again 
on our way to Orlando for the last time.  oh well, i get to see my TubTub in 2 days!!! i miss him.
So stressed. Chicago yet?? 
Its raining like cats and dogs in Orlando, fl..... Where is my sunshine 
@noreaga It's cloudy in Chicago 
@jordanknight was in Orlando...was going 2 see u in Tampa but show was canceled 
Another stormy day @ Miami  ......
Oh how I wish I were at WordCamp Chicago right now...  #wcchicago
wonderful! There's a storm happening in Miami right now...rain and lightning..flight is being delayed 
I should be in Philadelphia  right now for the Roots Festival! 
@BarbEarly So Buffalo plays second fiddle to the third world. How sad for you.  And me, too. (
Miami is my 2nd home...I just wish the weather would get better 
Maaaaan Seattle, where'd you put all that sunshine?  I am not liking this overcast crap.
Baltimore is officially the king/queendom of locs!!! I feel so ordinary 
 no more Miami this weekend!! Boooo I'm officially a workaholic wooo
i think everyone i know is at the kenny chesney concert in Pittsburgh but me... sad 
@booksandcorsets  In Seattle that's pretty much a hanging offense.
missing Chicago 
@rjsellscheap Looks yummy!!! Raining in Chicago, so no grilling. 
Chicago plans thwarted by the monsoon like rain 
&lt;---- Should be in Philly 
can't believe Paris is in Chicago and Im not there! I could have met her at club Enclave!! 
I think Paris Hilton should go somewhere in Chicago where I could actually meet her.  
My mom is in Seattle. 
@BMW1982 But Datsyuk is back...  plus it's in Detroit...  
@THE_WOCKEEZ im looking forward to seeing ya'll perform one of these days..I missed you Orlando 
i desperate need of a Miami trip. Its been almost 4 years. 
@NCPensFan I think they started like they were shot out of a cannon, but nothing to show for it... Typical for a game in Detroit 
@joeyfeldman damn .. that'd be awesome .. only prob is i'm in Connecticut .. not back in Philly until tomorrow 
Watching USA vs. Honduras as well as PIttsburgh vs. Detroit, Pitt is losing 
Watching USA vs. Honduras as well as PIttsburgh vs. Detroit, Pitt is losing  lol http://tinyurl.com/pproh6
Watching USA vs. Honduras as well as PIttsburgh vs. Detroit, Pitt is losing  lol http://tinyurl.com/orxas3
Now have to spend the night in Chicago 
I'm Milwaukee and a bit disappointed with the weather 
Packing is too difficult for my little brain to handle.  poo. And it's rainy...ugh Chicago. &gt;&lt;
1-0 half for Columbus vs KC soccer. 
4-0 Detroit  This sucks.
Motherfuck. This game is over. Detroit just scored 3 in the second period, making it 4-0. 
is watching the Penguins having a bad day...must be the full moon...4-0 for Detroit in the middle of the 2nd period. I'm not impressed!  
Detroit scored again 
@ghosthoffa 5-0 Detroit  I don't like Pitt at all, but I can't stand the WIngs anymore...
@EstherK I'm in Cincinnati + the nearest Ortho community is 30 mns away.  In college will be though
@_PennyLane_ you can probably imagine why I miss Chicago so...  
Grabbing some in and out before heading to the airport ... But I don't wannnna go to Chicago 
@joeymcintyre oh my dear...the priest just told me the same thing since i just committed the same sin in Philly 
my bestie just got on a plane headed for Philly....i miss her already 
@ScottSCarver Stefani is awesome bro...she was a major crush for years - she looks like an ex of mine in Chicago 
Washington was fantastic...sad that its over. 
Never drive from Miami to Atlanta the same day and get home an hour before u gotta leave and work and 8 hour shift!!  I'm losin it!!!!!!!
Off to bed. Heading back to Denver tomorrow.  Although there is work waiting, so that is a good thing!
I just want the bitterness to end.  I love living in Philly, but yet, I hate it too.  
@taylorswift13 I wish I could've gone!  Hopefully you had a great show and you'll come back soon to Detroit!
Ugh. head hurts  i hate alcohol. with frank and alex in Miami.
@chuckatwork I didn't get an invite to Miami..I was left out 
@harrietundead NOOOO Pittsburgh have stopped following me  its a sad sad day. lmao
My best friend left to go to Washington yesterday  missing her already
packing up for the trip back down to Orlando. 
It's a sad day...time to leave Orlando and go back to PG ...i had so much fun...i'm still not ready to leave 
I want to be in Portland tonight, but I have to work 
@joeymcintyre I had to pass up a free ticket to see you in Cincy yesterday 
@edenriegel Yes, what a game   Coming from Pittsburgh, it was hard to watch that game once it was 2-0, then 3, then 4, and finally 5.
@midtown At least you went to bed. 
@lochnessie404 cool irl im only on for a lil im goin 2 Orlando a 9 HOUR drive and no twitter while im in the car 
@dannygokey I wish u guys were comin to Denver, but nooo, just go ahead and skip us 3 yr. in a row. 
Hey everyone who was tuning into my radioshow..I wont be streaming live until further notice  so Philly folks tune into 88.1fm :-/
@FRESHMONEYO no luv im in Miami, cant make it out today  I miss Brooklyn so much but I love it here too
@WeTheTRAVIS omg! my sister lives in Portland!! shes soooo lucky 
In Chicago waiting for my connecting flight to San francisco. 2 hours until I depart.  #wwdc
is leaving Pittsburgh 
@Jay0302 I've seen the Cards play, but it was here in Detroit about 2-3 yrs ago. Never been tp a baseball game outside of Detroit. 
I DONT wanna go 2 san diego 4 my birthday  that's a long drive from Oakland...
Gets to stay in Portland for one more night. I read my itenerary wrong. 
@YoungQ I had a great time talking w/u last nt.  Hopefully we will get our pic 2gether @ the Detroit show since our camera bat went out 
http://twitpic.com/6upxr - The road to Miami..make the rain go away... 
@DevoAlmighty it's been mostly cloudy down here (Tampa) but it's sooo humid : / and lots of looming clouds 
Last night in Philly 
@jmeleigh703 I wish Detroit was closer to Otown. 
@JohnLloydTaylor The Philadelphia airport isn't too wonderful. I'm sorry. 
@coreyanderson I'm sorry. Pittsburgh understands how you feel. 
 i swear to cheese &amp; crackers @songzyuuup is in Detroit like every 2 months &amp; i NEVER get to see him!  i swear this blows monkeyballs!
Its a wrap for Orlando, aint no way they gon win playin like this 
@odle2 wow same here just looked up Chicago bears. American football, I lived there a long time ago.  Must have the same timezone 
V\/ \/\/\/\/\__________Orlando heart 
I wish there was @pinkberryswirl in Tampa 
is so disappointed that I missed Legally Blonde while it was here in Chicago...just didn't have cash 
I got money on this series. If Orlando loses the 'ship I gotta buy lunch for my coworker for a week 
I guess Orlando got their game face on tonight  
ok i see i will have a place to live tonight. #Orlando couldn't pull it off. I was wrong tonight 
@FreyDrew ooh, why are you going to Seattle? you aren't already departing from B-town, are you? 
@danecook I'm sssooooo sad! After finally getting tix 2 days b 4 your Seattle show. I got sick &amp; couldn't go 
It's not looking good for Orlando  #Lakers always win... 7 point lead 20 secs on the clock
Comadre = playing in Akron tonight, and I'm not there 
Orlando u broke my heart. I know longer think I can in magic  http://myloc.me/2Zw9
Booooooooo.. i'm starting to lose faith in Orlando 
Damnit Orlando....you let  me  down 
  Orlando needs a lttle help!!!!
Gosh Cudi why won't you come to Chicago 
Is it is my last night in Orlando!  I am going to do it big and go out with a bang!
a lil upset wit the lose of Orlando 
@KevinDurant35 beside Orlando losing the game  thinking about my nxt business move
Got Chicago Cubbies tix vs. Minnesota.!!! go cubs go. off to the windy city in 2 days......one thing missing though... 
We're #2!!  Atlanta Ranked 2nd Least Safest City in US    ugh!  http://tr.im/nK5x #ATL #Atlanta
Who took the sun? Portland is Freeeeezing now. 
Lakers win again....doesnt look good for Orlando... 
@diana91576 oh I know it would be!! And I have always wanted to go to Chicago....$ is the only problem 
wishing I could be watching Reik in Phoenix 
It's 11:30 and I am craving starbucks...  I miss Seattle
@DJFeddeleGrand good luck!! the video makes me wanna go there  see you in Miami some day!!
So much for my Orlando winning the playoffs  kobe is shit hot tho and all credit is due!
So I'm back at the crib... Already missing Buffalo 
It's 9:00am and I'm already dripping sweaty.  thanks Orlando...
Driving back to Tampa depresses me  I am perfectly content staying at my mommy's house 
had a great time with D in Milwaukee.  i wish they lived closer 
is off to work until 5, 8K run afterwards, but wishing she was at the parade in Pittsburgh.  
Why does no one in the Philly area have a glockenspiel for sale??? 
I'm so pissed off right now I 'm being made to go and spend a month in Pittsburgh  WTF I had a plan to just stay for 1 week .
@ILikeBubbles  makes me sad. i &lt;3 the great parts of Chicago
The Brew Crew is playing in Cleveland tonight... wish I was there! 
I wish I was in Pittsburgh 
Awwwwwwwwww Bill Lambeer isn't gonna coach the Detroit Shock anymore  They've been awesome since he's been coaching. ...
I miss Chicago 
@tintinex nice pic - still cloudy here in Cincinnati  ready for the sun
@vanessa_pastry omg NOTHING!!  i want to get out of Chicago ASAP!! what'd you and the girls do?
I wish I lived in Chicago. 
chillen in Denver....meeting the static dudes tonight. still sick...swollen throat, and a rough voice  and my hand hurts more than ever!
@YungLenon4da2 oh, i'm in Pittsburgh lol....wish i was with u guys tho 
somebody knows where is Orlando Bloom?? he's out of the world 
WHO is going to the Phoenix show tonight?! we're not  http://bit.ly/dtzBA
aw shit it's gonna rain the day I arrive in Seattle   http://yfrog.com/6ei0tj
It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle
Latest update from Seattle...my uncle is getting worse. It's just a matter of time now. 
Heading off to Houston... I don't wanna leave Miami  Goodbye.
Furniture seller Plunkett going out of business!  (via Crain's Chicago Business)
@TheEllenShow If only I could quickly catch a plane to Chicago! 
sitting on this plane in cleveland... wishing i was in Detroit so i can chill with my lil sweetie  maybe thursday baby...
@TheEllenShow I wish I was in Chicago 
@vickgotti: I'm so mad we didn't get to hang out in Miami 
starting to look real ugly outside in midtown 
Watching Philadelphia - it's so sad 
@SmittenKitten4D Chicago born and raised I miss it so much I moved like 100 miles east of there,to expensive to live there  and I got cont
@IsThatHer ya'll better have come back extra crispy from Miami..I was hatin' on all the beach bummin' wit out me!  lol
Fucking way bummed i didnt get to go to EDC Denver this past weekend  cant win em all...
At Denver, delayed. 
@ensredshirt  It's a bad time really for any pond travel I think, am thinking I can't make it to Chicago now 
@ohsoretro Parts of Baltimore are really bad 
@deejayquest Lol.. I got some chicks in Orlando.. but none in Myers   wish i could help
Batting cages + driving range + hilliards= one last celebration before my norton partner in crime moves to Philly for the summer! 
@kevin_nealon supposed to rain here in Chicago tomorrow. 
@mslysa33 My friend has still not decided  I don't know if I'm going to Cincy or not 
@geezlweez Lol I'm just trying to enjoy it down here before I have to move back to Philly in the fall. I never want to leave this place 
I just came back from Miami 
@gomezkun I hope it's someone safe  I think oh say back in Washington sounds good.
@temptingmama bad news. No Chick Fil A in Chicago. I wanted to try it! 
Homerfest in Cleveland. Fielder hits a Grand Salami to take the lead! 13-12 Indians blowing it. Had big lead. Typical Cleveland. 
It's only been a month but I can't wait for Miami season 8 spoilers.  I've given up my no-spoiler-reading before we even have any!
sad that she is in Orlando only a few more hours 
sad that she is in Orlando only a few more hours 
It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle
@sharvegas yeah suprise!!! Now I'm stuck in Chicago!! Whoooo Hoooo! 
Time to have my last session at @kitsapvw  tomorrow to the Edgeworks &amp; then back to Seattle for a day at Seattle VW and Stonegardens.
@IdaApps Had no idea Wilm was having its own version of Ignite, I missed the Philly one  Where is this being held?
@ashleytisdale Orlando Florida!!! u came once but i didnt have the chance to see you  i lov you ashley
A few hours til my bday. Celebrating alone in Seattle. 
@tiffanivogue no, she moved to Seattle!! 
@josephwshaw @TileX must be a local prob  Both Costco's here in Houston have been great CS-wise, as well as Seattle (to be expected)
I will be missing my Special Chicago traveling pal while I am there this time!!! 
I'm in Seattle waiting for a red eye flight to Atlanta. It's too bad I can't sleep on planes 
Seriously ready to go home now. Stopped in Miami for lunch. Theives broke in and stole EVERYTHING. Luggage, lptops, watches! Gutted 
I want to go back to Chicago now 
is leaving Seattle tomorrow morning, and he's not going to lie, he's quite sad.  
@killaam ugh I miss my wii too. Its with my cousin in Denver 
@Chicago_Ted I just miss driving my car.  I haven't driven it since I got back yet.  
Just landed in Phoenix, the trip has come to an end.    #Bonnaroo
ugh. last night here in Washington. just finished packing but no I don't want to leave. tomorrow is gonna be a sad day 
so mad, I ordered online from kohls and they had somehow set my main address to be my sisters in Tampa, so theyre sending her my order!! 
I know I will see him in Denver but after living 4 yrs with someone, you get used to having someone there. The house seems very empty. 
More rain today in Chicago   Its a good day to enjoy the @shedd_aquarium for free #Chicago
@CourtneyCummz damn, just moved from Tampa! 
Packing for Miami... Massive errands with a sick 4 year old... 
Its time to go back to Chicago... I am going to miss my little girl, dropping her off at daycare in a little bit 
I miss my Chicago friends. 
At the Miami airport--- flight to st Thomas delayed  http://yfrog.com/0ksn2usyj
ok wasn't matt   i cd just sit on here all day and just ramble on.....ok going to watch CSI Miami now love that show!!!
getting ready to board our plane leaving Orlando 
I'm pretty bummed I can't make the Ignite Phoenix event tonight.   Hopefully I can make the next one!
@cassie4cincy - I wish I could afford to go to Cincy but I could never afford concert tix and flight and hotel. 
I'm looking 4 hotel w/character 4 our keynote speaker @BlindscomCEO,  in Milwaukee near Italian Community Center, IronHorse was booked. 
14 days to go.. here i come, Chicago. 
yay!  they found my luggage.  it went to Indianapolis 
 @nhawthorne I can't believe I missed you. I feel like we got the whirlwind tour of Denver this time around
@godisvoid And I'm jealous you got a setlist, they wouldn't let anyone take one from Chicago.  
I've got sleep apnea.  gotta go to Philly to talk to a sleep doc
Flight home to Cleveland is booked! I miss home      see u guys soon!!
failed again on job search in Denver  poop! maybe wait until next move, maybe new city, maybe new job  tired of the doggie daycare 
@jeremyhiebert um if you woulda told me you'd be in Minneapolis hanging at triple rock with propagandi, I'd have driven up... 
Finished 1st leg of trip! Landed in Miami. Lightning and thunderstorms holding us up on runway 
@DonnieWahlberg i would love to have a direct reply from you   i'm bummed that i didn't know where the waffle house was in Pittsburgh 
$3 a gallon gas prices in Cali right now. Chicago soon to follow.  Ride a bike kids. Its summer. Pick up a paper delivery route .
It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle
I wish I was feeling well enough to go to the #iranelection protest in Chicago. 
- eShoot canceled... It's storming and raining in Tampa!  
great more rain again........Miami is looking so gloomy today 
@annTRS sell my ticket for Milwaukee and I really don't wanna do that. 
Very sad and disappointed that I couldn't get tix for the Supernatural Convention in Novemeber in Chicago! 
Goodbye vegas...  see ya soon Chicago
Just got to hold a ferret in downtown Seattle. I miss my babies 
@TULOFans Wish I could watch it.    It's not on in Milwaukee.  
@thevfirmpr yes ma'am! CAU! I'm in Detroit 
oh no! the farmer's almanac says that Chicago won't have a summer this year... just a long period of fall-feeling weather  i'm moving...
Downpour in Chicago = traffic = me missing my tap class. How will I ever get to be as good as @bearkaz if I miss classes? 
So very frustrated with flight delays and home inspections. Wishing the husband wasn't stuck in Chicago. 
My flight is delayed. I'll arrive in Orlando around 12:30am 
several regular chatters are prob busy in Denver tonight at a conference,   #foodchat
@curveballmami nope, Jimmy said Seattle will not happen  apparently Denver might be lucky and get him!
@a_tiny_spark didn't get a m&amp;g for detroit I'm super bummed..one more chance for the Chicago show 
Hoping that August comes fast! I know I'll be sad, but Im ready for a change...and Toledo is THAT change. Cincinnati is still in my heart 
After a severe set back I can't believe I'm actually starting to feel better... cross fingers! Thunderstorms in Orlando now 
@elleball Femi will be here tomorrow at the Portland Zoo and I am trying to fit it in 
@WjSalls I am back! Just flew in from Florida...a bit chilly here in Chicago though  Might have to go back! How are you??
@dazzleme18 yes. I wanted to win Philly tickets. I entered like a crazy person. 
Heeellllooooo......sorry you missed Rt in Chicago Patty 
Plane finally landed in Denver over an hour late. No idea if I'll get back to Milwaukee tonight 
@ajwalsh08 my dad's family lives south of Tampa so unfortunately I have to drive it to see them 
Just talked to my wife and kids in Chicago. They're having a blast without me. 
It's been raining allllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll day in Chicago  ughh
@nicolebecker9 ahh hell...this too shall pass, right!  i had been looking so forward to Chicago and it'sb been here and gone now 
@maggieLand  I want my doggy back home in Chicago !
Sooo, my plane for Chicago leaves at the exact time that I had reservations for Club 33... I am going to be eaten alive 
Just found out about my company trip to Chicago ... Going to a Sox Game  but them putting us up in the Drake makes up for that!
@Rachelle_Lefevr I wish u were coming to the convention in Chicago 
@TheBossMB um I'll be @ Detroit concert! I entered a contest to see B in NY but I lost  You have followers in Detroit other than me?
I'm all alone in my hotel at south beach Miami!!!! 
@heidi_kang - Chicago accents? We have accents? Really? I DIDN'T SEE YOU 
@nick_carter We were hoping Orlando could do it too!  superman can't do it all 
Wow, I almost fell asleep on a park bench in Seattle, glad I awoke and made my ferry. Soooo tired I'm awake. 
Beloved leaves for Seattle arts conference today 
W4M Miami don't wanna be alone on hump day  - w4m - 21 (Palm beach county) http://tinyurl.com/lqd2ln
@_Maxwell_ Why no Chicago dates on your tour? What's up with that? 
Terrrible storms in Orlando last nite...hope all tweets have power back on!  If not, bad way to start the day!  
@marybabysteps I meant Pittsburgh. I didn't go to college there.  I moved from there when I was 15
ARGHHH. Having a major &quot;I really wish we were back in Seattle&quot; moment 
The weather is poo. No Detroit adventuring today. 
I really wanna go to the Baltimore Zoo today cause i am so bored but i have a bad feeling that i will get lost on my way there 
@leolaninyc I won't be in Cincy. 
@reidmytweets luckyy! A run along the Hudson sounds marvelous. Still cloudy in Chicago 
gonna have to find a way to entertain myself - flight delayed, suspose to be in ATL @ 1:49, not leavimg Akron until 2:30. 
Going on a walk thru in Seattle.  Almost 30 days of no rain in Seattle but it looks like it might end today 
Maybe I shouldve stayed my ass in Baltimore! 
28 days without rain in Seattle, but it looks like our winning streak might be over 
Getting ready to leave Chicago, I hate the Rain! Would have seen Cubs vs. Soxs at Wrigely last night 
still upset because someone stole my bike in front of Metropolitan in bburg    #fb
@danie9027 I can't help it, Detroit is so boring now!! 
I desperately miss my blue tooth! I wish i could find the charger. I must have left in Orlando.. too bad no one there will call me back 
#signofthetimes Buffalo banks are actually checking coin rolls to see if there were any Canadian coins included ... 
@fatbridesmaid I know-my plants miss the sunny window-filled Chicago Office (w/ a door). They now live in a windowless ATL cube. So sad. 
Sister just bailed on me for @fridaynightboys tonight. Not sure if I can make the 2 hour drive alone...I don't know Portland very well. 
@jr_sd_712 sir I am not going to Miami again this year guess why 
So as it turns out, Buffalo Exchange is kind of picky.  I went in to make money and spent $9 on a dress. 
@HayleyyFitch for his show the fifth with jordan, but I'm obsessed with metro station and he isn't coming to Chicago with metro station 
@1045CHUMFM it has been raining in Chicago forever...  I needed  sunshine. but it is supposed to rain here again tomorrow 
I need about 7225283 cocktails after the day I've had. And I'm going to miss @DirtyHorse A LOT while he's in Chicago 
oh crap, serious storm in Pittsburgh 
is sitting on the tarmac in Philly due to more delays...  looks like this long travel day has been extended 
@JoshuaGrunewald Milwaukee a bad place? 
headed back to Chicago 
@AllThingsFresh is that the official schudule or are they gonna be adding dates? *no Chicago* 
:: Just got back from a long day in Detroit --- getting really sick now 
power is back but husband is stuck in Oakland due to flooded roads and traffic jams 
it's currently raining in downtown Seattle....the 29 day streak without rain is over!  unless... it's not raining at sea-tac.
Birmingham bridge is closed, 10th street bypass flooded, and water up to car windows in Oakland... and Pittsburgh's Fox station is out 
@imno When not overrun with Chicago hordes, my bench is the broken one with a perfect view of the lake.  I miss it now 
Sadly @karlkenzler there are no Sonic's in Chicago. Believe me, I searched my whole year at school. You'd have to take the Metra forever 
Is watching the Philadelphia Phillies lose 
So Twista shot the new vid @ club Atlantis outside Chicago... a strip club that looks like a mf'n castle...I wanna go I miss my 2nd home 
White Sox rip the Chicago Flubs effortlessly.    :-&gt;    Milwaukee getting ready to sweep the Tribe.  
Ridiculous weather in Pittsburgh tonight... everywhere is flooded so I can't go anywhere 
@deiu we aren't coming to tampa anymore  it got moved to Miami.....suckssss
wishing i were in Chicago right now watching Ellen! 
Drinking a haywire hefeweizen allllll by myself at Oakland airport. I miss my family already 
@ysolda je suis jaloux!!   I just checked and found that it would be $100 to get the dreamy creamy to Washington state. 
Wishes that she could be in Washington right now 
Last day in chicago tomorrow, then to Martha's Vineyard for the summer.  I think i brought SF weather to Chicago 
Sleepppp ughhh Its been raining for the last 3 weeks ! Miami isn't Miami without being able to go to the beach 
Off to Chicago. The Musical, not the city 
@JonathanRKnight @MaschaD  time to start building the ark again it is raining in Chicago again 
Another rainy day here in Chicago. 
This weather is depressing....I feel like I live in Seattle nt NJ 
@majorh The twets I got from ppl in Pittsburgh last night point to this being particularly nasty. Bunch of flooding there. 
@B_Smeezy have fuuuuuuuun i'm super sad i won't be in Cleveland this wkend  lol, and good luck on your test tomorrow
the sky is green, raining hard, and lightening flashing every 3 seconds.  I wanna be back in Seattle where rain is not life threatening 
I dreamt I lived in Seattle... cause it's been freakin raining for freakin ever.. someone on the west coast send some shine pls 
@AuthenticDru I love that song! But I'm sick of this Chicago rain 
@frankroche the weather sucks here in Philly today too. No sunshine 
@noodleblue You're not excited any more? Does that mean you're skipping Indianapolis on your trip now? 
@Detroit_doll I am so sorry to hear that T... 
Darius is going to Chicago to spend the weekend with his daddy. He is going in a hour! I'm all sad 
wish SO bad i was going to see Phoenix in brooklyn tonight 
i wish SO bad i was going to see Phoenix in brooklyn tonight 
UGH wth is with this rain??  If this keeps up I'm gonna need to travel to Milwaukee via ARK 
I hope it feels like summer soon geeze Cleveland 
@Oblivion Haha, maybe! Ask your wife, it's ALL gloom in Chicago 
@trixie360 You tempt me Trixie, but I don't think my wife would like to move to the Seattle area. 
Lost in downtown Detroit!  where the heck is Monroe street??? Where am I? Grrrr!
No to Cleveland  but hope for a twug
I want to see Food Inc but I can't find anywhere that is showing it; DeKalb/Rockford or even a zip in Chicago that is showing it. 
Looks like I'll be spending the day in the Denver airport... Gave my seat up to a lady for a funeral 
@DwightHoward lol well thats nooo fair    but i wish i could move. Philly don't pop like it used 2....
@scottymandingo I wish i could go. But I'll be in Seattle that day for PAX. 
Looking forward to celebrating Art Norman's broadcasting career tonight.  We'll miss him on air in Chicago 
Looking at that big cloud over Orlando 
@britneyspears I'm sad you won't be coming back to Phoenix   I didn't get to go when you were here... as usual.
Driving home in Orlando traffic sux 
@triplevogue I wanna come back to Chicago 
@christig428 What's wrong with going to Chicago? 
is stuck in Baltimore for the night. 
Its always raining in Philadelphia  Where is the sun??!
@lanierenee Lanie! I'm 7 hours for Chicago...so about 11-12 hours from you...  
@TheDannyNoriega so mad i won't be able to see you in Pittsburgh  I wish it wasn't summer cuz i live in pittsburgh during the school year
It is so hot here. I miss the cool weather of Washington. 
Wish I wasn't at work right now so I can be in Baltimore at fletchers seeing @Crucialdude and the rest of He Is Legend 
I just had a very sad dream.  Coke and Phoenix's 1901 makin' me feeling better.
On my way to Chicago. No flight to MSP tonight.  
Seattle tomorrow. Fit model interview, then shopping! Blahh I don't get to see @hsmpotter for like a month, and @ravyybaby for like 2 wks 
@kalenski Not me  I'll be in Chicago for another conference earlier in the week but can't stay.
boyfriend in Washington, i'm so bored 
I have been content with where I lived until I realized how boring it is this week.....god I miss Chicago 
@dfizzy I live in Washington, the state 
Yeah, no Iowa this weekend  the team is focusing efforts toward Toronto.
@Cupidboi79 I saw this one CSI I think like Miami with this really hot bear guy. Then I never saw it again 
so id you missed it...might have to work next weekend which = NKOTB weekend in Chicago, Cincy, Indy  Stupid PT job!
@Chicago_Ted its com-ed here in illinois. I feel like I should be on vacation right now, but still have to get up and go to work 
Cleaning my room! I can't wait to move to my new room! Wish I was moving to Portland with @Raulbot but that won't happen until the winter 
I lovw Seattle, but it just feels too far away from Shayna 
@dashoff We have to go to Miami. 
Sitting in Portland Or. trying to buy a reefer trailer. Not having any luck 
Flight troubles.  Stuck in Buffalo.  Sweet Charlotte will have to wait until tomorrow...err today... Taking 6 am flight 
Ready for Chicago 
@melissavocado aww  Next time you guys are planning on coming to Phoenix/scottsdale/tempe, text me and we will hang out!
@SpiderRockets Unfortunately, will not be able to attend the Cincy show due a conflict in schedule 
I feel very sad I won't be at the Chicago gig, meeting everyone. Money-related fail, once again. 
so good..that's why I can't live without it...man this song gone be on repeat while I'm in Cleveland...smh...I'm going to miss my baby! 
@klejnot I've heard good things about Voodoo Doughnuts too!! Sadly, I don't think we're going to make it to Portland next week; too far 
back from Baltimore... I highly suggest a visit... but all overnights this week 
@sachilefever I think we have Seattle weather in Philadelphia 
And also, @anastasiarenee, coming to Chicago and not hanging out with me is lame, lame, lame.  I thought we were pals.  
Anticipating my quick trip home to Cleveland and very mad at my cat for waking me up super early 
Anyone in Pittsburgh have a recommendation for fixing a bent tire rim? It keeps leaking air. I blame potholes 
Hot and stormy in Chicago today 
@lightsnoise I didnt win the bid  But I was wondering if you were gonna be going to the dennys all nighter thing here in Phoenix?
My domestic airfare price drop display all red  , U.S. sales expiring, AA &amp; CO dualing Chicago - Newark $173rt w/tax http://bit.ly/kZtY0
So was anybody pulled backstage for @danecook 's show in Chicago? What a flook 
another rainy day in Cleveland 
Seattle's record dry spell has ended just in time for my days off!! 
Rained in in Chicago!!  hope it passes soon!!
@trohman Sounds like Chicago.  
$400 plumbing bill   On the plus side I can recommend Midwestern Plumbing Services (Cincinnati) http://tinyurl.com/kq7xnu
is not terribly optimistic about the prospects of getting out of Chicago on time today. 
Chillin' in Charlotte airport. Flight to Chicago grounded. If it does not take off by 12:30 I won't make my connecting flight home 
i should be going to Philly tomorrow 
Stuck on plane on the runway in Chicago. Flight is already an hour delayed. Feels like I'll never get home. 
Not a very pretty day here in Chicago   @Casshole1122 I want banana chips..haha hey Marcella 
Aw! Passed the Orlando exit! 
Y in the hell is it so dark?! Chicago weather aint suppose to be like this 
@SolarFlare2007 Seattle. 
@alenadoma ooh what beautiful things?? Just got to Chicago! Gray outside 
@SalvadorRivera how's the weather at home? It's not looking good here in Chicago. 
last day in Chicago office. i miss it already. 
is hating this airport! Miami come get me, please 
@KING5Seattle I wish there was no rain! I'm hosting a party and at 5 am this morning I had to hurry up and get it set up indoors instead 
I'm suppose to be heading to Chicago soon. I don't know with who. I know I'm related to them though. I&lt;3Chicago 
Last I checked this wasn't Seattle.  It should really stop raining 
@EliseDietrich sorry sorry, I've been packing and I was sick yesterday  but I'm coming back to Tampa today, let's play this wknd!
I jus watched the Oakland salon video.  We gotta do better!!
So I get to duck out of work early, but thanks to Brown Line delays I'm going to miss my Metra and be stuck in Chicago an extra hour 
@JOJO1124 haha i will, ima call her right now, but i just realized I might be in Chicago then 
On my way to Orlando right now... already carsick.  At least I only live an hour away from Orlando.
@claireliz81 One of my favorite sports casters passed away today.  I won't be able to watch Philly CBS news for a while
Houston Transtar shows heavy traffic on my route home  Guess I'll be working on lesson 13 of Conversational Italian. Ascolti e repeti...
@100MonkeysMusic  any Philly shows soon? I just came back here to find out I missed u guys again 
Still on Miami fixing some stuff for the fire alarm  sooo tired http://yfrog.com/18flpj
@invincibleDET yo are you performing in Chicago this weekend? I missed the show in Seattle cuz I wuz sick 
@damn_que_mala I checked the store locator, its says there are none by Chicago 
[#mpls] @MugToMug still no Minneapolis   (via @MinneapolisFeed)  Next round, I promise.
It was Phoenix, not the UPS man.  LOL I've never wanted to see a man instead of her before, but this one will have my book!
The heat and humidity are so oppressive today. I hate Southern summers, and I miss Chicago summers.  #fb
@BushwoodCC they wouldn't let me in Tampa  discrimination!!!
Eating at Dennys in Philadelphia!! 
@chandag you know I'm not in Baltimore 
leaving Chicagoland tomorrow 
why so overcast Phoenix?  depressing. its still 92 degrees though
@AlexDeGruven Grr I love beer but I got a call that I have to run to Detroit 
@lululoofma please turn back around to Chicago! 
my poor bf- has been trying to come from from Frankfurt today, but is stuck in the Chicago storms! flights have been canceled, delayed.. 
Making friends with our ethiopian cab driver. Denver is fucking awesome. 
At emils in mundelein, lovely monsoon Chicago weather IL=2 seasons winter and summer  - Photo: http://bkite.com/08GNr
@petrilude WTH is up with this rain in Chicago? Downtown is like a hurricane!  Sux bout ur flight. 
...I'm missing Philly semi-hardcore rite now...    
@jsafetysuit     Darn, darn you are so close ....yet so far away.  I wish I was in Chicago 
@Jodis_Tweet Cleveland and Chicago, and then that's it 
@mariagudelis listening 2 U now-Tampa workshops have been great w/awesome feedback  http://bit.ly/JhVdF  but have 2 catch u on replay 
Raining in Detroit somebody get me out of here 
Why does it rain in Chicago, like...CONSTANTLY?!?!?  Especially when important things are happening outdoors? 
i love Pittsburgh and @OweyDonkRyder sorry about those 25-life years 
Wow volleyball Nationals was awsome we did pretty good and now were leaving Orlando to go back to home 
I miss the hell outta Chicago...  
@NickSwisher dear nick, we miss you in Oakland 
went to the BLG concert in Philly tonight and didn't get to see them play on account of drunk friends getting us kicked out 
Oh no! Chris is stranded in Chicago O'Hare, will be sitting by his departure gate for the next six hours. 
@jporzio ditto the Seattle sigh...having serious withdrawal after 3 years of Challenge 
@MileyCyrus I've waited so long for you to come to Chicago on tour again, but all the tickets are too expensive  I really want to see you.
@nicovega in Denver for a wedding, wanted to make it to show, but couldn't 
...tired Just finished the last 2 days with @StormyDaniels in Ft Myers.  Now driving back to Tampa so she can catch a flight  sad Moz
@carbonleaf Hope your show in Seattle went well tonight! I'm a Seattle fan but had to miss your show due to being out of town. 
Not really wanting her toddler to leave her today  he will be going to puerto vallarta. Having more fun than me in rainy crazy Chicago
Chicago was awesome although my dreams were shattered 
@mariancall Don't tell me you're in Seattle and I missed your show! 
@Aftashok in Chicago..bored right along w/ you 
@erthefae No rain in Phoenix tonight. 
i feel depressed to be back in Seattle again... 
Chicago just wasn't the trip...rain, rain, storm and rain...no great Chi-town meal 
Mothers not getting me lunch  so I've made a cocktail sausge &amp; Philadelphia cheese sandwhich!
Chicago trip cancelled due to crummy weather and crummy sleep.  
One of the three people I know in Seattle got hit by a car a few hours ago.  He's alive but in the hospital, and may need surgery.  
The rain is falling in Philly...for the 15th out of the last 20 days 
@SensitivePantry Headed to east coast next week, thought I'd get to wear the summer stuff I never wear in Seattle 
@DeeLightful246 yea girl. And I've been hoping that he stops in Miami soon, and I completely missed out 
@letoyaluckett dang LeToya! U was in Chicago  i missd ya? Booo lol hav a safe trip!
I hope everyone's having fun at Wizard World Philadelphia.  I totally should have gone.  I suck hole.  
@tomster2 I'm looking for any excuse to do St Louis or Chicago. So far, only Memphis for fam reunion late Sept. 
@TheDannyNoriega It's Pittsburgh, hun.. what's not to love?! Wish I could come see you tonight but I have to work.. boo on that 
so it's raining once again  maybe I'm in Seattle??
doesn't want to go to softball or work or Milwaukee today. 
is bummed her baby boy is leaving for Chicago today 
I miss Chicago.  Get me out of PA.
@fastcompany I would love to have stopped by the Fast Company office, but I am in Chicago! 
Another gloomy day in Denver  But a good day to pamper yourself. We still have a few afternoon massage &amp; facial appointments! 303-292-4600
At the airport in Philadelphia. Connecting flight to Montreal is cancelled due to bad weather 
I just hope Rich gets my message and doesn't go to Dorval to collect me  Rotten luck with Philadelphia.
@KEYSHIAC0LE you shouldve came to Miami  I was very upset that u guys didn't
@WARPEDTOURDOC definitely excited...but I got a while to wait til it makes it to Seattle 
Home from Philly, work all weekend 
What do they say about the best laid plans??  They're now driving to Tampa to catch a flight (hopefully).  24hrs and only 100mi from home 
Didn't sleep well on plane and now suffering through 3 hour layover in Vancouver...it's going to be tough once I get to Seattle 
rt @algarman if in Seattle, come and see us: http://tinyurl.com/n73z52 #fb &lt;-- i wish *I* had time to catch this 
@moonfrye it's been raining in Philly for 2 straight weeks!! 
How come the poconos looks like Washington state right now? This rain and fog is insane! 
USA public transport sucks  Seems impossible to get back from Cuyahoga Falls to Downtown Cleveland after 9pm #epicfail
Stuck in another airport for 10 hours. Philadelphia airport is basically the worst place on earth 
@jrodgers only $10? I paid $12US/day at Marriott in Seattle..   stupid Marriott chain..
I miss Chicago 
Im in my favorite city....Chicago! but bout 2 leave on another train to wack Aurora 
It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle
@TheDavidBlaise I wanted to go to the show in Denver tonight so bad but I'm out of town 
@stacyfrancis sick  coming from Chicago to Orlando is an adjustment climate wise. I still have a voice to sing though so I'm happy
can't believe she's in st. louis and missing @laurenconrad ..maybe next time you're in Chicago 
finally in Orlando! Home! But the compressor in the air conditioner is broke, so it's hotter then outside. 7-10 day wait for a new one 
I had no idea it was BarCamp Baltimore until yesterday, and I was already down at my parents' place for the weekend. 
Flyers aren't invited to winter classic according to CSN Philly. 
I get to go to Seattle! Joy, now i have to put up with family! No!!!!!  me sad. I don't know anyone in the area besides my family! 
I miss Indianapolis  And football season...
Everyone tells me what a mistake it is to be going to UW Milwaukee 
@Jonasbrothers i really wish i was  but I'll be there in Chicago!
Just got off the plane at Dulles   Portland, i miss you already.
Feeling sad that #TCM channel is not available in regular cable package in Chicago. Have to pay additional. I'm gonna miss it badly 
Flight out of Denver is delayed. It's going to be a long night. 
Wish I could see @3eb play in Seattle tonight. I miss @stephanjenkins 
@trixr4kedzz but the financial situation here in Detroit is so far in the toilet, I don't have the financial luxury to travel abroad 
 Columbus Crew
@LMRB No I didn't. I'm going to Chicago and St. Louis then I'm done. 
MN no longer feels like home to me  Missing Chicago real bad!!!
Its 11:30, I'm at a bar in Detroit Lakes, and I just wanna go to bed 
@kboboland, hey I just had my birthday, and you missed it.  Just messing, how's Chicago?
@indielily I am so jealous, Phoenix are amazing! You lucky girl 
Went to Milwaukee for Nationwide race ..bummer 
I'm sittin in my house sweatin'...that's what I'm doin. I hate Chicago, they get the worst of summer and winter! And mom has no air. 
@imthegoldenboy -- wachu been up to?? Haven't tweeted with ya since Portland got knocked out 
I really miss my Chicago accent  ....lol
Still in Philadelphia. Flight delayed again  If I'm lucky I might just arrive in Montreal in the next 3 hours. Fingers crossed!
@flaireweddings I know!  So not happy about sitting in Miami for 4+ hrs by myself. 
Flying back to Buffalo today 
Update. Not gonna try out for AI in Chicago. My allergies just aren't acclimating  So I'll be auditioning in Dallas where I won't be dying
Hoping to avoid heat exhaustion today, though I still have a migraine     22 more hours till Chicago, 32 more hours till Laura Izibor!!!
@xxxBrandistarr   But I'm not in Chicago. 
@TheDannyNoriega  i hope you come back to Pittsburgh. we love you here!
Leaving Orlando. State of mind currently - sad 
almost time to go home. Leaving Phoenix in a few hours 
@Kreeoni A girlfriend in Chicago? 
is mourning the loss of his favourite beanie somewhere between Broadbeach and Miami in a drunken stupour last night.. 
@dubfire_scitec Bummed!  In Baltimore &amp; shud hav gone 2 ur show! My bad 4 not checking twitter often   when u coming to Detroit again?
@cyborgkitten sadly it's not looking like it   I'm sorry!!  We just had 3 big shows in Chicago in like a week, so we really can't 
Being sad about leaving Washington 
Haha, that last message got sent really late. I'm at the baggage carousel in Philadelphia with a nasty headache. 
@annmwhite OKC weather...    you're making this song play through my head!
Alright so the Taste of Chicago starts this coming weekend...if I plan to go I definitely better retwist my hair this week. 
I don't wanna leave Chicago!! 
Everyone at work is in Seattle today except me 
Orlando K-9 killed while pursuing stolen vehicle  http://bit.ly/a4nBj
Two Killed in Metro Collision | NBC Washington: http://smub.it/k6x 
what's jessica to get out of summer school so i can see her and i really want to go up to Baltimore to see everyone 
my husband should be landing in Denver soon. I wish I could've gone. 
We should pray for the injured &amp; families of the killed in the Washington subway crash.   http://tinyurl.com/lw58ow
I miss Milwaukee already 
Will be leaving Berea heading north sometime Wednesday...trying out Chicago for a bit. Atlanta is posponed. 
 pray for the six people who died in the Washington metro train crash..
I'm praying all my family and friends in the D.C./Baltimore/Virginia area are safe after the metro train tragedy that just occurred.  
is missing Orlando something fierce today 
sitting in the Miami airport. flight is delayed 
A morning of fail.  Running late. Temperature in Chicago goes to 11 +- 75 degrees. Ugh  #fb
I miss you  I think I'm coming to Cleveland soon .. Details will follow! Xoxo
I feel like a Brooklyn Dodgers fan in 1957 because Chit is leaving DC 
@okkimber   I miss Summertime Chicago . . .
Leaving Memphis on my way back to Chicago 
I had enough money to buy Miami,but I pissed it away 
Missing Seattle terribly!  Wish my week vacation with my husband &amp; his family would've never ended!  So sad to be back in Cincinnati 
I'm doin a show august 15th in chicago but I wanna be there for the &quot;Taste Of Chicago&quot; this weekend 
Milwaukee's summer heat and humidity is no match for awesome central a/c!  Similarly, my fair complexion is no match for UVA and UVB... 
All the cool peeps live in Cleveland, I miss my home 
watching csi Miami, luv crime night! So much sch work undone..... imagine copying out 2 whole textbooks in 4 days 
in Seattle...hate the weather 
On the plane taking me away from Phoenix and, unfortunately, @sheathedog 
This is so not good.  The hubby is looking for an IT job in Detroit.  According to this, he won't find one  http://bit.ly/pv9Nl
Stuck in Detroit traffic.    Where is everyone going at 2:45 in the afternoon?!
What is it 2 do n Denver 
It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle
@schwavschwa I know! Flights to Philly and Seattle, and we'll have to wait in line just like everyone else at security. 
midtown i love youuu 
It's storming pretty bad in Miami. 
The rain in Miami.  http://twitpic.com/87rkh
@stargazer72 Seattle is dryer 
My oh my, thunderstorms week here in Miami! I hate it!!! 
Thinking all this damn rain is a sign I should stay another day...No?? Tally bound in a few hrs  Miami its been fun, but I gotta run
Watching CSI Miami, was going pub quiz then realised I was skint 
I love summer, but this 85 degree business is killing me. That's why I live in Buffalo! I don't really like it above 70 
Miami needs to be crowned for world's worst drivers...ugh...the rain isn't helping either...nonstop rain today 
@DDubsTweetheart I hear ya!!!! Sux!!!! I wanna be in Cleveland right now.... 
@DonnieWahlberg I'm at your show in Cleveland and there's a giant camera obstructing my view!! I'm devastated! 
It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle
I'm being lazy b/c I can be...still jetlagged &amp; sleepless from Chicago...but I miss it pretty bad 
@JohnLloydTaylor that makes me sad that you haven't even been here in Denver a day and a bum stole your phone I'm sorry 
@CV31    It's  good for Milwaukee if they are looking to use that extra $3 million to resign you ... which is bad for Cleveland! 
Packing for the meeting in Phoenix tomorrow- getting pissed at how many things i use everyday are not TSA acceptable. 
It just rained in my apt-ie the tub in the apt above flooded. Wheres a man when you need one? Oh right in Barcelona Milwaukee &amp;or Astoria 
Just got back to Phoenix, already want out again 
@Dinosarah I guess she is a Chicago NATIVE. I guess @nthnart is a better listener.  sorry darlin!
If you think it's summer in Chicago you're wrong.  Indoor winter began today 
So sad I'm not going to Orlando in the morning 
it's been another beautiful day here in Denver! only one more full day here: getting sad 
 i've fell completely outta love with Detroit... im sad but i gotta go!!
bedtimeeeee... excited to go out after work tomorrow.. but really starting to miss all my Miami friends  like A LOT...
is missing her boyfriend, why does he have to live in Chicago?!   
@johnBLG stay in Florida!!!  LOL Miami never gets anything interesting here!!!! it sucks! 
Just said some HARD goodbyes  Lasits I love you...Denver doesn't even know how lucky they are!!
@lostdogs10  Miami never gets this stuff.
@lostdogs10  Miami doesn't really appreciate the geek.
@kirstiealley no Sonic in Seattle 
@Feather1228 Seattle is like 3 hours something away. But like, I still don't think I can go to that 
@meggmcmuffin  Understandable...we'll miss you in Orlando 
in Baltimore this sucks 
Watching Miami Ink. I so wish I could get my tattoo 
in Cleveland - there are little birdies trapped in the airport! 
@dieborg my mom is flying to Seattle right now 
Silly, I like Chicago much more 
@sky327 Mornin' sunshine!  I'm so jealous I won't be in Chicago tomorrow!    Give my boys an extra long squeeze for me!
It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle
Riding the Dallas Skytram. So far from Montreal  so many good times! http://twitpic.com/8dlit
@drfired it was ok. Not better than the Miami Elite events. 
@billba How oppressive does it actually get in Seattle. Over 90 and sunny in Chicago. 
@MichelleSmiles Aw  I'm just lucky it's here in Chicago or I probably couldn't go either.
Miami is awesome so sad my trip is almost over 
Going to bed and then up early to prep for an interview in Cleveland tomorrow 
:busy busy night -- folding laundry, packing, writing a paper...be back in Portland in 48 hours 
@ingridmusic I can't wait! I'll def. come out to see you when you come to Portland 
@DonnieWahlberg hoping to come to Chicago for a third time!  You are competing with No Doubt this summer though 
I just posted a new blog entry with some exhilarating pictures of the snack room at the Phoenix Forum  http://tinyurl.com/cp8udh
@ElspethMurray I don't know what Chicago debrief is but it sounds interesting 
Making the most of my vaction by sleeping and finding some new music to listen to. 1901 by Phoenix is my new jam. 
@totzhatz she lives in Denver, but is coming to IL in a month or two and we're headed there to see her 
Off to save the world in my cubicle  Final sunny day in Seattle - a moment of silence, please...
@strekr Wasn't the Miami valley already frozen?  It's WINTER! 
Sunny day in Chicago 
glad to see spring making a comeback in Denver today! 
It's going down near freezing tonight? Time to get out of Philly and head for Florida. 
@SFig87 Be sure to blast this song while in Chicago  ? http://blip.fm/~4ip5t
A fun snowed-in in Denver follow... @JJNextGenTV #followfriday (via @TourDeTweets) she is a good follow!! 
@xholliesx Minneapolis is a pretty rad time!  We saw a fantastic musical at the dinner theatre tonight. 
@MadameSoybean Ah, I think that you think that I'm in Oakland. But I'm 145 miles north of there. So you didn't pass by. I was confused. 
Thinking about heading to Orlando next weekend -- any Tweeps know of any great deals? 
beautiful day in Chicago 
heading out for a bike ride. 75f in Chicagoland 
beautiful Saturday morning in Miami, Brickell. 79 degrees, nat too cold nat too warm 
Worthington Crew Jr took down Cincinnati united.  4-0... one game down, 2 to go... 
Good morning everyone. I'm sure glad I'm in Phoenix and not Denver! 
@amijames Hey Ami, greetings from Singapore!!! Loves Miami Ink so much!!! have a great day ahead of you!!! CHeers!!! 
Lunch at BJs in Portland, OR then off to a movie! 
@ShaeFreeman My fam is from Chicago so I know the old school feeling.  I became an Orlando fan when Horace Grant went there from da Bulls!
@HolyPanic I'm listening to Panic! Live in Chicago, don't you just love the Jazz hands part on &quot;there's a good reason..&quot;? HA  it amuses me
Wedding dress shopping at a swanky boutique in Seattle with my best friend....never in a million years could I have imagined this day 
@RachelleKOMO keep me in mind when you're in Chicago 
@axerickson There has got to be better dining ooptions than that, even in Cincy. 
Just signed a 12 month lease at the Metropolitan in Seattle! Hello, good life 
In Seattle 
@nickfruhling And believe it or not, Miami Vice wasn't originally in stereo. And early stereo TV was like FM, reception problems! 
Just heard my bootleg remix of &quot;if u seek amy&quot; on kiss fm here in Chicago 
Is drained. Off to bed. Gogo dancing to Chicago DJ's in Milwaukee makes life... a little better in my  book Nitey nite world! 
@zaibatsu  he he, you know, summer will come to Denver too  eventually
on our  way to Tampa 
Headed out for a morning of golf... Should be a great day as we have sun in Seattle 
Checking out of hotel and another fun filled day of site seeing in Washington 
@FluteFace well thats very true  Its finally been really nice here in Cleveland. Hows your weather been?
Chicago VIII album vinyl unopened for $4 = WIN.  I love treasure hunting.  
Traveling to Philadelphia for work...have to try their famous cheesesteaks!! 
Heading home from Chicago! Thank you IL &amp; Chicago YRs for a great time! I shall return! 
Chicago!! I love you! So excited to arrive soon 
@Naddeen marvelous song  Chicago OST ? http://blip.fm/~4l5v5
is not looking forward to the Phoenix summer! 
http://twitpic.com/3lvy7 - @bsilva was in Portland &amp; we got together @ the office w/ @mikeklingler to brainstorm on a new project.  I  ...
@shreenas Oh man, I'd love to visit Chicago. Once I secure a job, hit me up again, I'll be your travel buddy. 
So happy, my Philly teams won! 
is back from playing in Denver... *Cartman voice* In the ghetto. In the ghettoooooooo!* Now I go get drunk! 
@yogimusic Thanx Yogi for rockin shows in Milwaukee &amp; Chicago. Thanx for the set list in Milwaukee!!!  Until next time. Regards, Es
hanging out with the bf in Portland 
Bored of Victoria, booking flights &amp; hotel to party at Seattle again  
hoping i didn't wake Mookie up this morning...  sitting at Orlando airport.....long day ahead....
@8of12 Funny here I am tweeting about weather &amp; Andrea at International just sent me an email w/Chicago weather update.  Friends #scip09
What is up with the heat wave?  I don't like dry heat.  I can use a bit of Chicago humidity about now 
@kayleigh913 no worries,you're doing great  I have missed Disturbed every single time they've passed thru Phoenix;tickets sell out quick
@MerrittRBarber okay-just gets a bit warmer there....but YOU ALL will cool down!! us Phoenix people have to tough it out!! 
Planning a trip to Vancouver and Seattle in August today 
@SleepyGeek Flames were, and I quote, &quot;phenomenal&quot;. They'll beat Chicago don't worry 
@rholland34 ironic I cancelled my trip to Orlando today because felt something wrong with dad 
just got an email about Chicago account..I got it!! wish I had some good wine instead of this $3 crap 
The Mets were amazing tonight! I loved every minute of watching the Mets win in Philly... Decked out from head to toe in Mets stuff! 
@JonasFiel I used to go there all the time. It was a little skeezy, or maybe I was. ;) I came of age in Seattle, so to speak. 
is @ bamboo for comp drinks and/or hookah.  LOL Jasi and I are jamming to what will ultimately be our Miami theme song 
@leasetym &quot;I got a condo in Miami, n I always wear a bandani&quot; 
@AmyLaurel yeah I think same here  I am kind of not feeling like sleep we should direct a movie &quot;sleepless in Chicago&quot;  wht u thnk?lol
Just got a surprise call from my sister saying she's back from Miami for a week!!  YAY!!
@wxchicago Woahh thats so kewwl! I didnt know that a twitter page for chicago weather exist! Gooo Chicago! 
@NancyPerez never tweet and drive - safety first!  have fun in Miami
In Indianapolis for the mini. About to start. Wish i was in louisville for the derby instead. 
W4M Miami If it is meant to be, it will be  - w4m (Pompano Beach) 19yr http://tinyurl.com/dmt6ju
Having lunch with my tri team, I forgot how beautiful Miami is! I love this city 
@kenbuck Detroit certainly needs some kind of divine intervention! 
@barefoot_exec @MariSmith Wow, you two passing in the skies over Chicago....certainly a rainbow will appear....or a bolt of lightening! 
is hoping to book her flight to Portland today 
In Evanston for the afternoon with the wife 
Driving home from Chicago. 
I think we should do a Storychaser focused barcamp in OKC this summer... The ideas and energy from #podstock09 are contagious! 
My dear Canucks, you can win it for us in Chicago!  @VanCanucks
@andshespins absolutely gorgeous.  I think I should open a gothic/punk dance/strip club in Chicago.  I think it would do well. 
@cifanic Portland is amazing! Its definitely a breath of fresh air 
@Gay_Chicago spyners pub was the awesomest! We told the owner maureen about u guys! 
Off to Virginia and Philly  hopingnfor an awesome week!
Off to Virginia and Philly  hoping for an awesome week!
is watching CSI Miami 
Today... my goal is to design at least 25 containers for a Chicago sidewalk cafe.. By regulation... all sidewalk cafe here needs flowers 
my bday month!!! the month has been good so far (lol 2 days..) off to Seattle for the day... 
I look like a lost redneck walking in Obama's Hyde Pard with a wifebeater on and a fishing pole in hand.  #Chicago
is determined to watch the Harlem Globetrotters when they visit Manila on May 24 and 25! Wheeee! Sakto for my birthday! 
@jordanknight Did you see the game last night?! That wasn't even a fight; it looked easy to whip Chicago!! Wooooo Hooooo!!!!! 
still time for u to get to the Warehouse for tonight's Found magazine event @ 8:00 but you'd better hurry! Baltimore show was really fun 
They mention Pittsburgh a lot on tv shows lol like hannah montana 
@ssblink isint it great!!! I love Seattle 
@RichelleMead thanks so much for coming to Phoenix (and thank you to your publisher for sending you)  you're an awesome author!
@TonyLovato hey dude u should come to Cleveland the 15th and watch my band @ the Agora with &quot;Mae&quot;  cuz u love your fans that much lol
@MontanaMonica I love your Portland at 70 miles per hour it is like my mind somethimes 
@Ms_Scarlet rockin OKC as usual honey! saw wolverine 2nite! can't complain! 
@kellymontgomery Ah summer job, that's important. I'll just take classes and enjoy the sunny days  I'm missing Seattle so much...
@Coybh yep! for a rock station in OKC  check my profile real quick 
Shoutout to Reyah my fellow Philly homegirl we're both making the best of hard situations  (PUSH) pray until something happens.. much love
Just saw a male Baltimore oriole at our suet feeder and something enjoyed a lot of thistle from our new thistle feeder early this a.m. 
Yao...broken foot...so much for that series  Denver's next
Sleepless in Seattle 
I wanna be like vocabulary donna, all in Chicago.    I need to put wu tang 8 diagrams on my ipod  that CD reminds me of someone special
@MoocherGirl I'm originally from Seattle, I've just lived everywhere else, including Many places in the south 
Chicago rocks my socks 
finally packed...thinking its time for some sleep! Ready for Chicago! 
@MoreDior if u can smell goodness all around you and energy of big city and pinch on butt feel real YES u are in Chicago 
and it is raining in Denver. of COURSE it is 
@_AlexaJordan sigh. come to Sac please. it is the Miami of the central valley. 
@califmom @sendchocolate - we're getting closer rather than further from REAL lobby dates - Chicago, BlogHer09 - squee!!! 
@Lilylauren and I bet Chicago is excited about you! 
@luxnightmare Did you see all the pics I posted from @exxxotica Miami yesterday? 
Breakfast in Cleveland with the fam for mother's day 
Cuz there's a light on in Chicago, and i know i should be home.  
I anyone knows of any good Chicago shows let me know 
@IFRS_Exorcist Photos from the millinery workshop I did in Seattle last weekend!!  http://tiny.cc/ITNj8  
i love living in Chicago! the view from my window is amazing! the whole entire skyline  beautiful!
Pittsburgh tomorrow to visit steve 
loving life at home in Philadelphia!!!! spending the day with my daddy tomorrow 
@kristy glad I could help   and looking forward to finally meeting you in Seattle 
@geriorante @yumjessiekaye well I went to their house last night  and we looked at pictures from when I went to Chicago! Haha.
Watching CSI:Miami 
Gearing up for Orlando 
@courtholdscourt People who don't live and die by Chicago sports - live in Chicago and die by Detroit sports!!    Love you!!!
In all weather last night I forgot to watch Denver beat Dallas. Go Nuggets! 
Hi @mizricci  how is Seattle this morning? A great morning is starting here in Calgary 
@sdfazio because Waterloo is really Seattle? 
It is early but it is all worth it I will be in Washington in 7 hours!! 
@JPcashcash Aw I hope you feel better soon. Listening to Phoenix might help. 
@DawnYang1 enjoy ur trip to Washington  its so wonderful that u get to visit so many places, lucky girl ;)
@theprguy How come no one ever starts a discussion about sharing all the best attractions in Detroit or Pierre? It's always Florida! 
Today was terrific. Came down to Miami for my grandson's party. It was great.  Both are great.
@ilovecpstyle I'm at a little cafe/restaurant in Milwaukee 
@DrRickClayton hmmm...was that a dis for Chicago? 
@libgod thanks for coming in tonight!!!  sorry you had to wait so long, but, as you said, it WAS for the best server in Chicago.  
@Orlando_Bloom Hi Orlando... hope you are having a great night 
@LADYwSENSE I would definitely go there . A very cultural city, with many museums and places to see. SanFrancisco, you must go too.  
Watching &amp; listening to @johnlegend Live from Philadelphia. Niiice 
@djakes The jets are definitely too small.  Men from Maine and Chicago don't share the delicate body types of our metro-sexual brothers 
is out enjoying Philadelphia today 
On the ground in Miami 
@AppleSomoza It was a fun event for sure!  Still trying to decide if I'm going to any of the Hawaiian Tropic Chicago or Joliet events
eating a delicious breakfast then going on a hike  what a BEAutiful day in Denver 
@NoMoreMarbles I swear if something happens while you're here, it's not Chicago, it's you! 
@nancymyrland  thanks!  not home in Indy yet, home in Phoenix  -- one more week out here.
@sensualspanker  Coming to Chicago anytime soon?!  
Chicago is amazing! I'm obessed with the bean and the city and it makes me soooo excited for the fall 
Met a band from Philly yesterday! 
@mzleigh lol it's okay &amp;&amp;.im not from tha A lmao  but it was qooood..was out all day. hows Miami ?
I'm watching Malibu's most wanted.....Orlando TV sux! 
bought my plane ticket to Chicago! 26 more sleeps until I get to vacay with my favorite boy from Arkansas! 
Shopping in Buffalo 
and they work so fast. im in a grrrreat mood.  day off. i got shit ta do. hey anyone from Minneapolis on there thats cool? talk to me bb
Landed in Chicago  I love this place
@Scrapbooks We're Orlando Campsites, a comprehensive directory of all of Orlando's Camping areas, visit us at www.orlando-campsites.com 
@chellybooo boo Chicago 
Phoenix, Petersburg, Baltimore... Where else will I end up this summer? 
@ModelMandyLynn get your ass to Miami...the sun is out 
Landed in Seattle - slowest PDX to Seattle prop I've been on! Must grab drink-o 
@Kikirowr I was going to be staying with a (very allergic) friend when I got to Phoenix, so I had to leave him. He loves car rides, too. 
One month from now, I'll be on my way to Chicago... one  step closer to Japan 
Miami vice in my hand slippin down the slide at the hard rock.....what a fabulous sunday 
Headed home to Orlando. 
@katiefyyy So do I! I want to go on the exact road trip Orlando (Drew) takes in the movie sometime in my life. 
@underwhelmed you must be joking  Chicago Code Camp!
@RealLamarOdom Congrats on the win! Beat Denver! 
lmao @ my best female friend just gettin outta jail talmbout '' I need u to take me shoe shoppin when I come to Miami'' Phone lost signal 
@dimka lucky you dude  I need to do that too...I might be moving to Seattle very soon...there should be plenty of that there 
IN Orlando till wednesday 
@blario I did an inplace upgrade during a session while on the road in Denver... and that was on my Prod machine 
4 day work week  then off to Seattle and Vancouver!!
@onditimoner  if you can't find it at ScareCrow you won't find it anywhere   Looks like you will need to make a visit to Seattle 
Lakers win! Bring on Denver! 
@bizarration I honestly love Colorado and mountains. I was considering Chicago..which is even colder. Idk I just love it there. 
@jenna_saisquoi hang in there. just build a fortress out of books, boxes &amp; poster tubes until Denver.  
@maademenent  Honestly though i'd love to visit Philly.. 
I am on the front page of the Chicago Review Press catalog! (well, in a way  http://www.chicagoreviewpress.com/marketing/CRPCat.pdf
@TomWitek Seattle is the most exciting, inviting city I've ever had the privilege of visiting and one day I will permanently reside there 
@kayakchick @hllf I hear that Washington is beautiful 
@TomWitek I highly recommend even just a short visit to Seattle. Being a fellow mind of intellect, you'd appreciate it 
Having seen the highlights of the Wings soundly defeating Chicago in game 1, I can now happily retire to bed.  
@mnarayan wow thats seems to be a good business Idea.. Chicago Beach(!!!) lae oru molaga bhajji kadai potudalam 
@choms33 Have a good trip!! stop off in Baltimore and say whats up for me  xoxo see you soon!
@Danacea I won't be able to make that one but it looks like I'll be seeing you at the Phoenix later this week 
@emmmyj what's in Baltimore? And who is the new boy that you haven't told me about? 
@petroica Is there anything interesting going on in Miami I should be on notice about? I will be gloriously returning for a bit tomorrow. 
Off to explore Detroit breakfast options 
Four more days until I go to Washington D.C. 
@brianjpinkley you know, that's a really good ?. When I think hot dogs, I think New York, Dodgers Stadium and Chicago 
@uberpat I'll be becoming a Midwesterner. More specifically, I'll be freezing my ass off in Chicago. 
@sandypeckinpah ...just one more reason why I love living in Orlando  I hate it when the ground shakes.
@VernonGarrett oh just seen your tweet from last night...I got Denver 
Still in Duluth but heading back to Mpls today. Looking forward to the warm weather. 
Getting things ready for race/trip this weekend!  can't wait to see @krzimmer + all my other friends in Chicago!!
Looks like I'll be spending more time in Chicago the next four years. Son's very excited to go to DePaul. 
INTA starts today.  8000 trademark  lawyers in Seattle.  Fill in your own caption.  
@thebrandbuilder @brainsonfire are great folks; met them in Miami - quite passionate about their work 
@:therealpickler Kelly I am a new fan of yours after tonights concert here in Phoenix the entire show was so good 
hmmm Can I say Denver in 6? 
@taylorswift13  missed u in Portland... so sad..u must visit again 
@EaseDaMan well if u had my life u would see how smart memorial in Miami is 
It's a rainin' in Phoenix! And we got a new post with a picture of a palm tree! 
Orlando Weeks's voice makes my knees go like jelly 
I would like to visit #Milwaukee &amp; #Chicago one day and meet @MLyndonH &amp; @explorechicago,maybe ? 
going to Washington D.C. all day!! 
@gtb hopefully not!  The Denver crowd hates Kobee. Hopefully they can help the team rattle them. Denver in 6 or 7.
Up nauseatingly early but heading to Florida with Maria! See ya Monday Chicago 
@Turtlist 'course you &amp; co. are coming back  right? right. meetupz in Chicago next week. emphasis on the A sound. Chicaaaago.
it's amazing how much four boys from Seattle can change your fucking life! 
@Raps_fan thing of beauty. Denver took one of the lakers nuts away from them  last night i had the best sleep I've had in ages LOL
Cleveland will trash the magic...lol 
In a few hours I'll be in the air and a few after that all be in Chicago.         
Out running then it's going to be a Philly weekend. 
Portland here I come 
It's sunny in Seattle!  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle
Off to the gym and then spend the rest of the day in south beach Miami. Hopefully I will be able to meet some great people 
Looks like I got a couple new Miami tweeps: @bsoler @mherzber @gblair23 check em out  #followfriday
- leaving for Seattle in ~14 hours!! Just one more day of work to survive, then we're off  to celebrate 3 years of wedded bliss 
@IntriguingDs Ahh...I love your music. Missed you in Seattle. 
@les1ieryan hope Seattle treats you well....I miss you tons 
sitting in Chicago waiting to go home. 
@deena14 I didn't know you could ship working out hahah  Chicago - can't wait!
@CannondaleGirl Amen - no more rain.. it might rain here in Denver   But  not 'till after my lunch time ride around the reservoir 
@dreamboatann Seattle is one of my top 10 fave cities...our other corp office is there...this will be my 7th visit 
@randomblink sorry I hate hate hate the sox! Or you can cheer on the Chicago Blackhawks  we need all the support we can get here in Chi!
Chicago tickets arrived today cant wait to go see it 
@funegrl262 @Bunnyfufu hey you're in sunny Florida so don't complain ;). I didn't ask for 90 degree bedrooms in Chicago 
@tenthday I love Minnesota! It's beautiful, esp. near Duluth and the lake. And Minneapolis is a cool city! have fun! 
@hayleyumg yeah I'm heading to Orlando for a week to see the family  You have to make sure @drewfa isn't too miserable without me next wk!
@glennbeck Listening to you in Seattle 
@Jilly_in_Philly that sounds like the perfect holiday. 
Skydiving next week, followed up by an authentic Philly cheesesteak. 
made it through security - now lounging waiting to board a plan for my afternoon in Chicago   Before heading on to Cincinnati.
7:00 AM flight to Philly... and I'm still 'Here'  ? http://blip.fm/~73wk4
@pytdee I love all Cleveland teams! I wish they would get a hockey team to give Columbus a rival. I love Cleveland. 
@johnandrews leaving tomorrow, any good camera stores in Chicago? 
Buffalo wild wings with @ruckusmatt I love smiley fries  http://twitpic.com/61eje
@joeypage Psh, forget the Chicago show... Cali. show 
Watched the end of the Miami/Cleveland game tonight.  Too bad the refs are so crappy &amp; it's turned into sloppy streetball.
Starting to get ready for Seattle - can't wait to see my girls  2 more days of work to go...
finally in OKC....time for bed 
Orlando will finish the cavs saturday. Lakers will also end the nuggets in denver 
Oh shnap Cleveland won 
Off to Philly!!! 
I am not sure if the Cleveland CAVS will go all the way but, the important lesson here is....It's not over until it's over. 
@jojo71489 That's what I'm doing  I'll text you in the am with what time my train gets into Chicago
enjoying a day out of the studio and soakin up this incredible Seattle weather 
@ArmandVio7 I was about ready to apply for your bass player job until I found out I have to live in Orlando!! 
Left the event early at home trying to pack for Miami tomorrow 
sorry.... Orlando has already been given their instructions from david stern 2 bow out gracefully  @therunners
Cleveland survive for another day in the wilderness. 
@gamingangel it is worth it just for Seattle - some marvelous disasters here 
@marleematlin Are you coming to Seattle for a book signing for your new book? 
Is making smores by candle lite. Learned this livin in Chicago and power was out. 
@THEflyGIRL you gon be aight. you just interviewed Chicago Larry and survived, well sort of. just remember that and smile 
@wiseleo  I certainly meant no disrespect to you personally at all! I love the show &amp; couldn't believe they hated Seattle so much! Cheers!
Also excited for roommates.com  Portland here I comeee
@ducas gives @jstangroome an easy win with Chicago - the only musical @jstangroome knows. 
I think my search for a new roommate is over... she'll be here in Denver in two weeks! I don't know her yet and I'm cool with that 
@sierrapaige Sierra!!!  I miss you! Sending hugs your way from Chicago! 
@Killaya lol i'll be in Pittsburgh the day before. 
@ddlovato I disagree with @earthtoandrew! Shoot the video in Miami, Florida! And you can vacation here while you're at it. 
PatD - Live in Chicago finally came! Only 6 months late! 
On the train to work and is excited about changing all his monies to dollars.... 2 weeks til Seattle 
@eviltera So change them. You shouldn't have to go to vegas if you don't want to. You could try Chicago! 
