Most common words for this cluster:
[('chocolate', 296), ('milk', 278), ('honey', 148), ('sugar', 141), ('juice', 125), ('tea', 75), ('apple', 75), ('cereal', 73), ('amp', 66), ('butter', 64), ('banana', 59), ('cream', 54)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'chocolate', 0.8165223002433777), (u'flavored_yogurt', 0.7689218521118164), (u'chocolate_morsels', 0.7551438808441162), (u'banana_flavored', 0.7550915479660034), (u'flavored_gelatin', 0.7499635815620422), (u'banana_muffin', 0.7487172484397888), (u'Fold_whipped_cream', 0.7391160726547241), (u'butterscotch_chips', 0.7349013686180115), (u'rice_krispie_treats', 0.7344434261322021), (u'honey', 0.7343400120735168)]





i feel sick  too much icecream
finished making chocolates and feet really hurt... 
I went to get a coffee but the kids got to the milk before I did, now I have a can of coke instead 
Yoghurt overload 
@Silverlines aaaah.. jadi tiba2 pingin butter sugar toast huhuu 
drinking milk+being on youtube+lonely  || Emiliiee?!
I want my cereal! But we're out of milk 
chocolate covered strawberries and cottage cheese, you have defeated me 
Chocolate milk. I feel sad that updating this may be pointless at times. 
is hungry....must go grocery shopping...no juice 
Feeling doubly guilty for eating a tube of Fruit Pastilles 
quaker oat squares are the best cereal. unfortunately, i was all out of them this morning and this makes me sad 
Missing my honey bunches today  
discovered that it was (someone else's) lemons stinking up the fridge. I never knew lemons could go mouldy! 
This 10-calorie vitamin water is quite disgusting 
@TereNY  go dye eggs and stop tweeting
@tabatha_akers  I feel so bad for you!!! love you honey and get well!!!
lying in bed wishing i was home...i miss my honey 
icecream.. coldd 
I think my milk was bad. 
now that im on sugar overload... wishing i had a jar of claussen's 
Wishes she got mangos to make a smoothie 
I want to eat a bagel with cream cheese without having to go to the bathroom after 
mourning over my amaretto sour-stained prada with cherry inside 
@CaiGriffiths  poor thing. When they're out rub some bio oil or coco butter regularly it'll fade the scar x
I don't like having to fend for myself  Out of milk, bread and everything else.
I rubbed a mixture of oatmeal and honey on my face. I hope this helps to get rid of the oily-ness. 
would love a good vanilla milkshake right now.. 
is gutted at the fact that there is no bread, no milk, no orange juice, no crisps &amp; is completely bored of living off easter eggs. 
too much chocolate is bad for you 
Eating chocolate and back to my data warehouse *weeps* 
wait let me retract that lOlz cOokies wit sum apple juice playinq on the radiO lOlz uuuqqqhhh I'm makin movesz 
has just discovered you shouldn't store vanilla extract in the fridge.  
@outoutout @Petshopboysfan ugghhh... my tummy is growling at the thought of Pistachio! 
I want a scrambled egg bagel with dill cream cheese 
cinnamon honey bunches of oats is really not that great  i need more cereal!!
@ecualion247 I dont think you know banana king 
Just realized that the chocolate marshmallow eggs are finished 
@krystleleanna I wish! Just plain vanilla. 
A iced hazelnut coffee from McDs sounds great right about now, too bad I've given up caffeine.I guess I'll have to stick to my ice water 
as good as that texmex cream cheese was, i probably shouldn't have eaten so much of it... i feel gross 
Oh no0o0o0o0o0o0oz don't die...again....if I had a phienix down  but I dont...i can't even spell it right!!!
@_maisy naaaw pooor mai  are yu alright  do milk and coookies do the trick?
why is this honey and lemon burning my throat? 
the healthiness starts today. Just had an orange and a banana for breakfast. The juice from the orange peel got into my cut on my lip 
@candyleehoiman WAAAAAAAAAAAA gum ho 
I got berry juice on my bag!! 
@NicoleMM05 you are nuts! I like how you have yet to go to sleep and I am just waking up 
I really want a sour apple and raspberry slurpee but its cold to venture to 711 
@medifastpr ...that the spinach had cream in it! I still ate it tho   that and the string beans. I was hungry. #medifast
this yoghurt is not yummy 
hypo  neeeeeeed sugar !
Even the cranberry juice, flu plus and ibuprofen last night seems to have had no impact 
@erinmaher Aw, too bad you're not an olive-oil peddling monster, I loves me some good olive oil 
@mboeh it's the jars that are expensive 
wishes he'd bought that icecream whilst grocery shopping  fuck you sugar cravings!!!
That juice was so delish, but now i feel even more sick 
@chocolate_dip right! he just threatened to leave me and called me trife 
@galaxico - i have exactly the opposite problem lol boxes of milk, but no cereal 
it was so hot ..my chocolate melted 
@guybatty We have honey cheerios- I'd pick those over dried fruit.  I want to go home but my boss would notice. 
I can't find my chocolate 
no cinnamon crunch for me  we're like always outta milk!
Almonds and grape juice not actually a good tasting combination 
Trying to cure a hangover, using apples and milk.. Not working so far 
just ate caramel from a can... I feel sick... 
my stomach is not happy, i want milk and bread and a flannel blanket 
Why can't' i shake it, like a milk shake?! 
@DinahGreek that sounds worse than my sultana bran 
@ninimarini i think it might be truffles 
oh...no..I forgot to get more milk. I make my coco with milk....Its a punishment to not have coco before bed  ...good night
Eating some Dairy Milk chocolate then gotta do my paper round 
this chocolate bar cheers me up for sure,only 1 problem, need to work those calories off again  life is so unfair
@klesmith same  Sugary drinks are good!
One peanut butter &amp; chocolate cupcake eaten last night... the raspberry one eaten this morning. There's not many left now 
I am missing my chocolate dipped chips though 
@LaBellaSiM LOL bah I done the juice off now I gotta make ice tea and can't find no lemon 
@justarius no more fruit smoothies for me 
@SuperTakumar No peanut butter and jelly for me   And no, that didn't make sense.  At least to me, lol.
i need.my honey. i miss him so much. i just wish i could be with him right now. 
Drinking warm milk b/c I can't sleep 
also I just spilt milk on my duvet and now i have to change it  crap.
i want more cashew nuts but my braces can't handle it anymore *stares at the cashew nuts* huhu 
i ran out of white chocolate. 
Is hopeing some of his friends get him cool shirts since he couldnt #bamboozle it like all them  ps fob. Nfg. tc!Tbs. Allong them lines 
 Just got curry juice on my new top. Mhmm yellowy stains.
They also make me feel sick..  Why did I eat that apple.
Somebody has eaten the rest of my Chocolate Macadamia 
I just ate some Chocolate ice-cream out of the tub and am now suffering from brainfreeze 
really wants some cereal, but we have no milk  ugh!
is drinking warm milk with honey to help her sleep well tonight. Exams can be so overwhelming, so its hard for me to sleep sometimes 
It looks so gloomy outside. Wish I had someone to cuddle up next to wtih a cup of hot cocoa with extra marshmallows..   
Someone drank my chocolate soy milk 
@CheeriosTweets I &lt;3 original Cheerios &amp; even better? No HFCS! Same can't be said for your other versions I'm afraid. 
@StudioFairy haha okay! -hands orange juice- but...i ran out of donuts 
i should really stop eating chocolate, but i can't, probably because i eat more than usual when i'm stressed 
i've got the taste of peanuts stuck in my mouth. i can't stand peanuts 
Just poured cereal and milk all over my bed 
@sunnymchao I know! I wanted to eat the whole jar just for that reason but too much sugar 
i think my favourite pokka green tea with honey and lemon is being discountinued.. damn you safeway 
@missdannibaby godmyohh that's tu's favorite cereal   burdenofmisery .
can't help but eat chocolate with peanuts and toffee inside even though I'm allergic to peanuts 
i'm loosing followers  i guess i just need to start talking about #hoppusday, the #swineflu, or #Kelloggs!??!
The icecream has worn off 
Where, oh where have the Hydrox gone??  I'm stuck with oreos 
@HiddenShadow42 I was wondering where that sugar went to! 
@mcpp grape currently haha...I had a box with three different flavors, but I'm eating the last one 
Nescafe coffee makes my voice hoarse 
I'm drowning my sorrows in the bath tub with a glass of sparkling white grape juice 
it's so mean that too much licorice makes you sick 
really really really misses drinking milk... the milk here is horrible! 
drinking tea with no milk 
going to bed... missing my honey and his bed 
@cupcakesfortwo  can't eat almonds - not good for me... 
is craving warmed up honey buns and milk.  
damn chemistry. damn it, damn it, damn it! i want apple juice 
my caramel pudding failed 
The dogs have eaten an entire loaf of bread &amp; a tube of tomato puree. They are now full of carbs &amp; sugar, which is obviously brilliant 
(blinding headache = paracetamol + soya latte) therefore I survived only 7hrs of detox 
I thought the crackers were flavored milk! x( They were salty 
I think I'll have to sate my want for sugar with some hot chocolate. With no cookies. 
realised that Nestle make Fruit Pastilles, which she uses to combat hypos. Fucksticks. 
there's no chocolate. 
@gfalcone601 I am apparently a disgrace to women because I dont like chocolate... at all 
@yiduiqie All the soy-and-dairy free &quot;creamy&quot; chocolate I've had costs $7 and tastes about 50c 
Doesn't eat any nuts anymore 
My family is calling me a cow.  i was just eating an icecream cone. I cant help that i have a long tongue.
ahh. i drank a glass of melon juice........but, the taste aint good 
@iluvium i'm eating so many snickers and coca colas, i have actually gained weight.  
@zorro357 No fruit here..  I need to go grocery shopping!
may have to take a trip to the supermarket for some cough syrup 
@veryweirdguy I only had enough milk for one cup 
I'm just about to enjoy, A cup of hot lemon and honey drink...unfortunatly I have a cold 
@danslee huge ground there though - were dumped @ uncovered end - got lashed by rain n wind all match, refreshment hut ran out of Bovril 
@rasyraminey ergh! i want to eat that icecream again! you are teasing me, since haagen dazs is not available in brunei! 
@mfhorne i think all crisps have gone down hill. Especially mini cheddars. 
no milk... so how about water + heavy cream to make oatmeal? verdict? tastes like eating butter 
so theres a gallon and a half of expired milk in the fridge it made me gag 
I want a lemon of my own 
i'm feeling sick, maybe its because of the lemon muffin. 
No more white chocolate moments 
@raintenshi  Do you have some aloe vera cream? Always very helpful. Heals so well.
I haven't had chocolate in so long that I'm rejecting the one chocolate shake i just drank  trying to sleep it off
did a wholesome 1.5 hour of gymnastics and now hurts all over...&amp; wants ritz crackers...with peanut butter...&amp; misses her nose ring 
@Helicoptergoes no rice milk 
 muffins ruined cuz i used baking soda instead of powder by accident.  and now i want to cry. but it's so dumb to cry about muffins.  
Ah, I know what I need right. Exactly what. I need a mojito. If only I had lime and mint 
Eating a spoon of peanut butter ! I have no lifeee 
i can't finish this cereal. it's like never ending  wahhhhh!
I can't open the jar of olives, and I want one! 
Just finished eating my blueberry and strawberry pancakes...mmmmm! Now gotta get ready for work 
chips and milk don't go together 
@needlekineval haha,..unfortunately i didn't get to indulge in the avocado milkshake.. 
@Rockdiva710 What happened, honey? 
@lucaswoodstock chewing gum gives me stomach ache. 
@IckleNeko I want peanut butter...tesco value is literally the best peanut butter ever....but i dont have any i only have rubbish sun pat 
I wanna drink some milk but regular milk makes my tummy hurt. I need me some raw milk 
@adatewithelvis you're not going to lubbock?  I'm sad i'm missing biting the apple
omg i just got chocolate milk mix poured all over me 
The hardest part of baking is letting stuff cool before you start eating it   (mmm cocoa banana bread...)
@junglgrl amazon (it's no sugar added too) the ovaltine one adds sugar  link in the recipe.
@ctham I cannot read mandarin for nuts... 
i want a cibo hot chocolate real bad 
@brittanyhowser you never tried my soy cherry chocolate chip frozen yogurt  It's so gooood.
@moonfrye lime is always last.  raspberry was first - but now I am highly allergic.  
@moonfrye how about jelly beans? I like most of them but hate the licorice one 
jian's mom just ate my parisian chocolate mousse .  
Chocolate cream cheese icing came out bleah. Not sure what went wrong 
so i took my cereal to work this morning but the office fridge is all out of milk 
just ate a spoonful of sweetened condensed milk. so yummy, but it makes my teeth hurt. 
i forgot to buy apple juice. 
@strawberry_pop aww.  me either. 
yumm strawberry yogurt....off to work on this beautiful long-weekend sunday soon 
is sad that there's no milk  i only had one bowl of cereal and it's already gone! it was my milk! 
missing my honey 
I drank all the pina colada juice. 
the icecream got took off me 
@AdebisiBlaxCEO nah I don't got no cap'n crunch only cocoa puffs+ honeycombs 
@poorusher thanks for the offer but the booze is not lacking. I have no oranges or lemons. 
Hating on the twitter follow limit  Makes my milk curd!
Eating fizzy strawberry-flavoured belts. Lots of. 
@herexception cereal always makes me hungrier than I was before I ate it 
@flowwithrho yogurt and granola is never satisfying for me for brekkies 
my chocolate fountain broke  i can not describe my pain right now 
after poptart blood sugar shot up to 300 
I broke the yolk on ellens plate 
I have the hives.   But enjoying my cream of spinach
I just ate 12 blackcurrent gummies at the once. I feel ill 
@tomayz called me a sour apple! i cried on the inside. 
ugh, just dripped honey all over myself. Now I have to lick it off. 
Likes sugar 
insomniaaa..reading francesca lia block with a cup of milk 
ugh just cracked. could not resist mini wheats &amp; almond milk..not too unhealthy..but I still broke at least two rules..NO MORE! 
Too addicted to soy milk. 
a whole block of chocolate not goooood for me 
need a cuppa but no milk  If I go out and buy some my delivery will be here when I get back, so trying to be patient.
I want a mango 
@harunhilton oh lucky you, i would kill for fruit yogurt and soy milk right now 
belly rumbling but i gotta trek to the cash machine so i can go to the shop to buy milk so i can have my cereals.... then revise 
@panacea13 still no milk 
@__mares__ I didn't go!  And i just saw your tweet about the Almond Lindt... double trouble!
want some cereal hardly any milk 
@PinkElephant73 I don't like honey, too sweet and sticky 
Wading through treacle 
@shukriadams i didnt get to taste your cherry cider 
omg i totally binged on chocolate + chips 
my experiment in mixing coffee, milk, and hot chocolate was not the success i had hoped it would be.  
I wish I could enjoy a bowl of cereal and milk this morning!! 
So very hungry. I want something w/ cheese and bacon but nauy have to settle for a Twix bar 
honey got really sick, i am so worry about him, 
@cosleia ...would you please bring me 2 - 28oz boxes of Cream of Wheat? I have ONE serving left &amp; forgot to get it when I was there. 
I really want pancakes ! But we have no syrup ! What's pancakes with no syrup ?! 
@rcawsey You'll have to make do with digestives 
no you don't i don't help you out sorry honey.... 
too many peanut butter m &amp; ms no good  lol
talking to my honey i miss him 
can't sleep again... stupid sugar!!! 
I'm eating cereal; sulking because I broke my washing machine 
I just really excited when I felt plastic packaging in my goldfish crackers. But it wasn't a prize, it was a coupon for V8 fruit juice 
@krystalllllll you spit gum on me 
@glowlabs: we are out of sugar 
Caramel macchiato to pep me up. I hate it when the sun shines but the wind is freezing 
damn! i split yogurt on my blazer 
fuck i think i'm lactose intolerant.  this is baaad news. my mum bought me this lactose free milk and it tastes like sweet cardboard.
@SophieBeard  that's crap. i didn't want to be allergic to this. D: i hope soya milk isn't bad, that has a lot of calcium and i need lotzz
Sucking on lemon isn't good for your teeth cause of the acidity. I love lemons and limes 
we are out of the good toothpaste! 
Ouch it's still hurting.  drinking honey tea and I just had some toast!
almost put water in her cereal instead of milk :o 
Just had Weetabix &amp; some satsumas for lunch. Now I have to start looking at car insurance renewal 
ate an olive I thought was a grape, nearly died of disgust 
really wants some chocolate 
@pelagiapais double choc - is that the one that is chocolate inside chocolate outside? We used to have them, don't anymore 
@TomFelton What? Chocolate?? I want chocolate, too!!!!    *pouts*
someday, I'll wise up.  'til then I'ma just love this bagel with honey/almond cream cheese .. 
@georgiasue no rhubarb.  the cavs lost  i guess i'll just drink some more wine.
I just drank hot tea with loads of honey... It was supposta make me feel better... But it made me feel worse 
forgot to put milk in my coffee and burnt my tongue 
@NBNges: Get better, honey! I miss you. 
@PixelExecution Nutella won't do anything for me now if Hershey's chocolate syrup didn't. 
@seanjonesfoto That sounds so much more delicious than apples and sugary dip.  
@adrian_802 I only got fruit snacks  hahaha
@LarrieV what is wrong boo!!! all these sad tweets  chin up honey chile!
@NotARichGirl The shampoo I used was the soothing lavender + peppermint.    I no like.
is annoyed at protein folding and detergents that destroy good protein 
@ScarletSass  I only have water &amp; milk atm
Chocolate milk is so much better through a straw. I lack said straw 
what is it with chocolates? i just can never say no 
Blehckk ! my cereal is yuck  why does it taste sour ?
@shanzer22  you're missing out, bb! i'm such a cereal nut, i think i like every kind available.
Someone bring me milk for my cookies! 
will b having my last V tomorow   will have2live off of apples n not caffeine ;( n have2cut down on chocolate bye bye chocy
@BeckyKingston I don't think I've ever tried peanut butter on toast 
@RedBaff I have popcorn and fruitcake now...but it's just not the same as Chocolate 
@NateZim well we aren't normal then because 1. we can't drive in mexico (you have to be 18) and 2. there are no dairy queens here 
@TheRealScarab and this is better 4 me than a snickers bar or hersheys w/almonds.... which i use to b addicted to b4. i miss them  LOL
@runsforcupcakes that sounds yummy.  Does it take quite a few almonds to get the amount you need?  Nuts are expensive. 
One lactose pill is not enough for coffee....oopse 
@ringqvist juice! I miss juice, any fruit 
is very disappointed that cadbury chocolate blocks got smaller 
my apple-mouse doesn't work on my shiny red coffee table... 
Dreaming of bacon waffles, with fresh butter and maple syrup and brewed coffee... 
ate all my chocolate  
They've changed the soap in the men's loo and it doesn't smell of marzipan anymore. I miss the marzipan soap 
@kassielovee belly ache...lulz....I'm sorry though  ....ginger ale!
Whatever happened to those chocolate cigarettes replete with rice paper, 'filter' and fag packet... I miss 'em. 
@Elleipein aww honey I'm sorry 
@drew8890. Haha I want another bagel. I have all this blueberry cream cheese left and no more bagel 
Just ate way to many chocolate animal crackers 
i just found a crack in my baking bowl...milk spilled everywhere 
enjoying a fresh mango bubble-tea slush   but still at work 
sighs. where's my candy 
ah my tummy hurts  damn starbucks sugar/chocolate/caffeine
Cupcakes, creme brulee, tiramisu~ I want some sugar 
@tmjassociation y does it hurt so much? i can't even chew gum.  i've lost so much weight because i can't even eat 
I left a chocolate egg sitting in my office, and now it's calling my name...................... 
stomach hurts and nothing will mellow it out. I tried feeding it. eating grapefruit. drinking ginger tea and sparkling water. 
I never knew prune juice was so yucky 
My writing juice is gone. 
I had nasty chocolate  yucky.  i have bursts of being a lady. but they don't last long.
@NatalieAlyce mum keeps buying raisin bread that's about a foot thick, it's awful 
medium iced coffee 3 melted sugars xtra light w/ milk and 3 pumps of caramel swirl and sex and the city this is the best my night will be 
i REALLY wanty a double chocolate chip from starbucks  waaaaah
i REALLY want a double chocolate chip frapp from starbucks  waaaah
Ugh  eating a carnival corndog then a cotton candy not a good idea
aww honey 
@weirdnews but good cheese comes from happy cows.  
That's me just getting breakfast. I hate having to wait until the shops open so that I canbu milk for breakfast 
I'm thinking about some cottage cheese w/fruit cocktail..though chocolate would be REALLY great, but don't have any 
@MCRsavedMilife wow. she's cruel! I care honey 
I was SO looking forward 2 pudding.  I don't have any dairy milk in my house. Only rice milk... which turns pudding mix in2 a soupy mess
damn I'm tired  drank me a apple juice instead of strawberry limeade wit xtra strawberries yaddada?!?
the chocolate covered strawberries are taking 4ever!  i need sleep and imy!
i hate that apple juice looks like a bottle of pee 
@sookyeong i want some banana milk.. 
@cloudhopper you're left with the three C's... coffee, chocolate, cheese. if that doesn't work.. it's all over. 
#myweakness Chocolate cake 
@abitheamazing I thought so... except now there is no chocolate left  makes me sad! haha
just noticed we forgot to put our milk away from the grocery run last night  no cereal for me
@SarahAnnGreen still off milk 
noooo we ran of a vanilla soy milk .... what will i do  
noooooo we ran out of vanilla soy soy milk... what will i do 
warm in bed with vegemite toast and apple cinnamon tea. i did NOT have a good night/not keen to study tomorrow either. i need cheering up 
Chocolate coated peanuts are not an ideal warm weather snack 
@kobier I wish I could hang at #goruco ... I probably won't even get to watch the backchannel with my neglected honey-do list.  
wheat-free, sugar-free, dairy-free, chocolate-free, peanut-free,tomoato-free,soy-free for the next 5 months... this should be fun 
dang.. the new sugar-free ad has such tasty looking drinks 
I don't miss milk. I don't crave for it. It makes me sad. 
Eating dry cereal at work...no milk! 
eating chocolate pudding, watching 16 candles, and just resting. my mouth still hurts 
@badiit butthead. choco truffles??  china's chocolates have been crappy so far. or way too overpriced for the best ones. shaaat!!
Drinking lemon soda .. yeh #fastfood 
will have about 1 cup of peach butter after it cooks down 
this grape powerade just made me sick... taste like that grape vodka....gross 
yyyyaaawwwwnnn i left the icecream out overnight  now im very sad =,(
@attractivealec so just meet up with me later . pwease for coco ? 
After making oatmeal w/cocoa (out of fruit), had grand idea to whip in an egg and micro til it becomes a cookie. It is so not a cookie. 
@anothersamchan sweeeett  i could use a grilled cheese but i'm all out of cheese 
my homemade yogurt is more like homemade sour milk  time to get a yogurt maker...
ughhh.. i want icecream 
I can like to be wanting creme soda 
wants Vanilla Coke back 
Eating: 1 blueberry muffin	
The sugar on these beignets remnds me of the bc i had yesterday 
You know I'm sick when I go for green tea w/lemon &amp; honey--not coffee. I think it's the flu.   No partying for my bday tonight... 
Drinking fake juice 
Drinking 80% fake juice 
I want to make a pie. but I don't have enough apples. or brown sugar. 
@xAmandaKayx low fat cheese and steamed chicken  I couldn't do it.
feeling guilty after that chocolate  ahhh well
Is at farleys calming his nerves after eating glass with his cereal 
@laurencool its just a creamy rice dealy....i already did it and it seems to be fine...i didnt have any milk 
eating chocolate... I hate love it !   
Peaches n cream oatmeal 
@Rosendula sounds good. i had a tahini and crisp sandwich. it was rubbish. 
Ugh...crunchy cheese, ftl. 
@cookingwithamy so jealous. my 2 fave fruits r blueberries&amp;peaches. i tried the link u posted yesterday 2that cake but it didn't work. 
My kefir didn't turn out  You really do have to use kefir grains, not kefir you already have. Just doens't work.
@katiebeth I'm so sorry honey 
Interesting fact of the day don't rub ur eyes after eating salt and vinegar crisps it kinda stings 
http://twitpic.com/6asca - peanut butter cupcakes, YumYum! I want one 
@rajskub I KNOW!! I just had three cookies when I totally only meant to have one. I enjoyed the three, but my blood sugars didn't... 
Aww...no sugar ray for thao 
just drank my annual cup of milk. blech.  
WHAT! sonic on broadway doesnt have any slushes!!! super sad right now  totally craving blue coconut mixed w/ strawberry
just enjoying some mango rum and diet dr pepper....all we have in the fridge is cooked wine only suitable for cooking not drinking 
@CrystalJMarrie no energy for pixar for you?  we drank away our sorrows @suppenkuche. You missed some mean potato pancakes n applesauce.
@mickwrong  it was slightly yellowish which didn't make sense to me since it tastes like cinnamon!
wishing melanie wasn't leaving me  so full from too much milk
Just realized i bought fish egg gum 
eating stuff i shouldnt be eating  like the best honey dijon chips ever invented!!! so yummy
lost my voice  drinking tea with extra honey
 outta olive oil and lemon juice. Another trip to the supermarket i guess 
@lisa_tut: honey, i'm sorry, but you can't squeeze blood from a turnip ;) 
@CMitchell317 honey, I'm so sorry 
ugh why did i make this peanut butter bagel? ughhhhh life is not good 
made scones out of soy flour ..turned out better then i thought... and contemplating where ill be after wednesday 
@JaymesTerence mmm i could use one of those too! cept we have no cereal OR milk right now 
@KarinaGarcia,so you drinking all these good types of milk,and could tweet me about it?lol 
craving for tea eggs 
@afleshman  you let ants attack my banana bread?!  
Being forced to eat apple turnover yogurt 
@LoOpylilmeeh no, i've been home. great! now i want some mixed fruit tapioca. 
i think i can do almost-zero sodium diet... but how can you do a zero-sodium diet &amp; zero-sugar diet? no fruits? 
Lying here thinking about my sweet chocolate drop...I really miss him already  http://myloc.me/2aLb
I'd ran out of homemade vanilla extract, so I resorted to buying some its so weak in comparison 
@lrlpalmer No, chocolate doesn't cut it 
i want reese's peanut butter cups. but i need to travel like two hours to get any. wtfffffffff 
@damohopo wish someone would make me breakfast, I just had banana &amp; yogurt 
Watching that 70s show and i just finished my chocolate mud scone 
@ramsin_taffles its sooo annoying isn't it :] i do go every so slighty brown brown but then it fades the next day  milk bottles ftwwwww!
@flea23 knows me too well. Totally forgot to buy milk  shit!
i barbecued an apple and it turned out like the inside of an apple pie 
my pen just ran out, now my notes will never smell like vanilla, ever again 
my pen just ran out, now my notes will never smell like vanilla, ever again 
@THEREALBANNER --- hi , i want to be followed on here by you too. can you follow me? pretty please  with low dieting sugar, on top....
@chadgwright You'd be surprised how many young people come into the pharmacy wanting prune juice, and adult enemas. 
Drinking my oatmeal bcse I put too much milk in it 
no cinnamon rolls at breakfast  haha
How many cups of hot tea and honey until I finally could get rid of this awful sore throat? 
@ArjayA ... but always hate slipping up on inidvidual brands without noticing  (though the nutella was resisted!)
laying in bed wanting chocolate and advil 
@ashwinpande there is no milk 
@loflin follow me honey... i follow you, its not fair 
@mariasaidwhaat omg i love love love milk tea and boba but i ran out of milk tea 
Really wanted a bowl of Cheerios.... but I forgot to buy more Soymilk 
craving for chocolates 
says they didn't have apple juice, so i had to drink the 15% cranberry juice.  http://plurk.com/p/xgw01
I miss my honey.  &amp; he misses me...
Brothers sickk. And theres no sugar for my tea! 
just got milk tea! yum yum! gonnaa go to ryan's later to eat my brother is paying! F my diet!! i just need to exercise more often 
stupid fat lady took the last sample yogurt  i wanted that.
@HungryGirl is there a reason why my blueberry muffins turned out watery? 
Harsh life truth: sno-cones are not refreshing.  the syrup kills it.
@gulpanag hiiiiiiiiiii gul..... hope u are able to sleep now atleast... where's the hot chocolate for me...?? 
@cookiedulce5 @xsparkage is it cause of the milk? 
honey...  ...
I almost choked on honey nut cheerios right now. 
@beverleycuddy My weakness is chocolate and crisps.... I follow Weightwatchers - now need to get back to it after my visitor goes 
@kathrynmercer: this is exactly what I thought earlier! I made myself boiled egg&amp;soldiers for tea and just lamented impending adulthood  x
eating chocolate and missing scott 
@Dachelle it tasted nice, but this damn milk allergy means i feel awful now   am almost done with boybanders
left my cereal at @moochoo's 
I dream about some dragibus candy xD but don't have at home  go eat an apple =/
@lisaloeb4real  I want some banana bread...
@LadyPinkBird corsets and suspenders made of liquorice and strawberrys, I dont even like liquorice 
@AAR0NDAViS no fair... i want dove chocolates 
wishes she had another strawberry limeade. 
My wine kinda tastes like glorified grape juice. 
coming back on a sunday when all the shops are closed is crap! no milk for my tea and cereal tomo morning 
been craving chocolate malted crunch. 
@iggigg  *sprinkles Igg with lavender oil while making her nice mug of Ovaltine*
I need a milk shake running a fever  
Those peanuts made me feel not good 
@sensitivepantry Chocolate bothers my stomach a little, but I eat it anyway.  I'm just glad I can have both dairy and eggs! #cgft
http://twitpic.com/6dkad - how can you open up your lindt chocolate ball and find this?? its soo disapointing 
Chocolate craving fail - mixed up a batch brownies...but not enough eggs.  #fail
I wish I had some milk so I can eat my special k. 
mmm organic vanilla yogurt... unfortunately there is 11.9g of sugar in 100g 
I like caribou coffee. . .and bananas - they can be seperate.  Even though I haven't had a banana for way too long. 
@mrpaulevans: I am but I can't sleep honey 
@diiskrej hell to the yeah! cupcakes rock! but i don't like the frosting. makes me feel sicky if i have too much sugar. 
all out of oatmeal 
I have a chocolate soy milk problem. 
I have a chocolate soy milk problem. 
Just smashed my antique milk bottle 
@Chrisdjmoyles they're now doing individually wrapped timeout bars! This is a dark day for chocolate biscuits 
 where'd all the peanut butter go?
Oatmeal with apples is not good. 
@SamanthaMc_x i hve no milk and i wanted cereal lol.  x
well, a dozen grapes for midmorn snack just disnae cut it when ye have been oaf oan holiday... 
Aww is this the last episode with Vanilla and Chocolate bear? 
minus michelle =  = olive oil, dukkah, caramelised vinegar, sourdough + shiraz
i miss honeydew sago with coconut jelly 
were out of orange juice 
@ameonna10 oh my chocolate!!  he shall replace my precious chocolate.
Guess can't have smoothies since there is juice in them 
G'day to you all. I think this milk is going off  boomoo.
Watching Friends and eating oatmeal with banana and walnuts... then schoooool 
I lost my straw in the abyss that is my orange juice 
feels like hot chocolate with marshmellows... *sigh* we have no marshmellows... 
Still burned only now i smell like mustard and vinegar 
why is everyone else eating icecream and chocolate? 
@jaqpants my en-cranberry-juiced eeepc 901 keyboard didn't survive soapy water 
Pissed my apple isn't cutting correctly 
ewwwy i just bit into a bad strawberry!  pfffft pfffftpfffft ! for fear of doing it again i've had to toss them all out 
Oatmeal:eggewhites turkey grosssee I miss bacon egg and cheese  fml!
eating chocolate and feeling so MAAAAAAAAD 
@__sugar aww what's wrong? 
@MarathonMaritza we don't have milk 
I want to bake banana pancakes. But I am sans bananas and a good pan to cook them in. 
i really really REALLY want cereal, but i have no milk  this makes me sad....... and hungry...
Just threw up my cranberry juice  your already winning  monday.
@windiain     The magical cure for pain is a s'more.  Chocolate and marshmallow are pretty good on their own, though.
needing an iced white chocolate mocha from starbucks 
jaycee jam is now renamed jaycee syrup. it didn't set! 
@nicolalalalala awh u didn't take up by yoghurt offer 
is never eating peanuts again! 
@DevilwithaSmile aww honey!!!  
wishing this chocolate protein drink actually tasted like chocolate 
@CoyoteHorse  I want gummi bears dipped in chocolate
i'm eating chocolate covered pretzels which is reminding me of Mallrats and making me not want to eat them anymore. 
eating yogurt without a spoon 
cream cheese kolaches are the BEST!!! #dietFAIL 
@viviennne It's supposed to make you say 'yay' not 'augh.'  One time I shook up kombucha before drinking. Carbonated hilarity ensued.
I just had a honey tea with a bowl of crunchy nut... then I was sick a bit. 
has a burnt chocolate crepe   don't ask how i managed that..
I want the sugar magazine 
I want the sugar magazine  +1
@JonesBeach_1988 I want a free gallon of milk 
@DPrince2124 you should go to sonic and get a supersonic cheeseburger some tots and a sweet peach tea, then lemme know how it was 
ate a banana for merienda and just realized it has 51g of carb/sugar content.. patay ang blood sugar ko 
I have eaten all my starburst. And all my peanutbutter chocolate pretzels. life is failing 
@JamilahMyAnn  haha i love twin ..and it was a success expect i cant scoop up the milk 
@wowiee   I hope she feels better soon - and that your mommy juice is ready!
I want to chew that gum so bad  Lol.
The chocolate factory at the outlets is gone! 
 no peach tart. But, new flavor: root beer float froyo!
Wants a banana caramel tart but cbfd walking to the cafeteria  helllppppp meeee
@ChaDiggs kennedy blamed me for drinkin his chocolate milk .. how sad.. 
that was easy peasy lemon squeezy. but i think i did badly 
@_dariel_ soy that doesn't sound very tasty 
having a very healthy breakie. . banana and yogurt. Where is the toast, eggs and ham! 
i hate winter so much. the only good thing is hot chocolates, but i don't have any cadbury drinking chocolate or marshmellows 
Oh no, my mug of jesus juice is empty. 
Just found mold on one of my strawberries. Have to throw the whole packet out 
U dont like chocolate  
trying to eat some sugar free jello without getting sick! If I can't keep things down they are going to have to give a different iv fluid 
i need juice.. 
@K8lyn333  how bout...banana with jelly toast?
too much nutella, too much sugar...won't be able to sleep now 
cherry savex and butterfinger chocolate bars, i need to find these items 
awww...i'm so blank!! i need foods to reinstore my brain juice 
now i'm craving some sour plum juice!!! last time i had any was in hk last year at hotpot from what i recall... i miss hongkong so much 
@xoAda - @x3strawberry isn't following me 
Milk, chocolate bread, tuna fish bagel, rice+ fried fish+ chicken+ veg+ egg = 10^E99 kcal  - http://tweet.sg
I need milk 
my chocolate is frozen 
my chocolate milk is frozen 
just finished drinking my tasty peach flavoured green tea. i reeeally want some more now 
@misskepik you look so pathetic honey... 
the grapefruit juice smells like cat food 
@megazonetravel can't have moo  and rice milk just doesn't cut it. lmao can't find good movie right now either.
only 1 pack of cheese n onion crisps left...this is not good 
no chocolate milkshake 
is hot and heartburny! No more orange juice 
I poured too much juice and I can't drink it all 
@yoshihirohatano honey i miss u badly 
finished my sour apple tic tacs  oh well!
this cough is driving me crackers 
@975krock chocolate milk!.. but it doesn't like me.. 
i just spilt a whole jar of sugar 
must get used to this coffee with rice milk concoction   miss my soy so badly.
holding a grape too hard that it squirted juice on my face 
mmm, apples &amp; lipbalm - the tastiest of all mid-afternoon snacks  *decides to wait until post-apple to apply lip balm in future*
i've ate 2 much chocolate 
@cashjunkiea i kno  i was looin for that one, they need to launch all of them in the bottle i got the mango 1 thatll have to do for now!!
.. 2 days in a row of oatmeal raisin cookies maybe too decadent--guess i have to eat my icky blicky yogurt and berries 
@Sihm I ate my chocolate 
sooooo my internhip mentor jus gave me some strawberry-chocolate m&amp;m's.... uhhh, can we say tummy ache?  
cup of soup (chicken flavor)&amp; a snapple ice tea!!.. havin sum r&amp;r I guess!!! 
I want a toffee frosty  http://myloc.me/2q8F
@HorsemansDVDmag  doesn't look like pepper unfortunately  but I'm sure it would ad some extra flavor lol
Sitting in my bed, eating chocolate, drinking an ocean water, watching &quot;he's just not that into you&quot; lovely. And depressing. I'm so gigi 
my oatmeal has gone cold... 
@itseleen all my strawberries are gone  I actually still want more. The sugar is out of my system, time for bed?
finished a cheese bun,2 fried tempe and a bottled jasmine tea.also already took my med.miss my bed 
@joehass I'm out of Chocolate 
no milk for cereal. no cereal for milk. i'll make waffles in the toaster. will this be my last meal in vic lodge? 
i finished my packet of chocolate snakes 
chocolate kiss cakes are not the same anymore 
@TheMegatronDon I've mistaken sugar for salt... Sugar on shrimp and rice worst thing ever. 
Someone send me lemon cream tart or strawberry tart with vanilla bean pastry cream now please? 
@starbucks why did you change the strawberry syrup?? so sad 
cut my tongue while eating suga candies. damn...it bled like a waterfall 
@RedMummy Powdered egg wouldn't have the same effect, I'm afraid 
got a set of brushes. (L) i'm going genting alone.  mom abandoned me. hahaha. i'm craving for green tea milk bbt. 8)
The fried eggs in Haribo Starmix don't taste anything like fried eggs, I feel cheated! 
I wanted a banana but the banana shop had none 
damn, i forgot to eat the toffee chip icecream...  stumbleupon as a dietary aid?
@STLPhoto @cupcakeproject I don't see any with Pistachio ice cream 
I think I ate too much peanut butter. 
@cupcakemafia That's awful.  Viparita karani and ginger-honey tea? And sleep, of course.
everything went wrong today  except for chocolate-mint and vanilla ice-cream with hazelnut, almond and chocolate chips :p
remind me never to buy pineapple and coconut dannon light and fit ever again. it looks sooooo much like pudding 
@PamRo i hate protein/nutrition bar letdowns.  if you like choc mint, try luna peppermint chocolate. not super duper healthy, but not bad.
@formingpearl Right? I love pie! They had a chocolate silk one that was calling my name 
Accidentally ate cereal with expired milk 
Note to ones self don't leave Jello in the car when it more then 70 degrees out, it turns into some extra sweet cool aid, 
I forgot the cream cheese to go with my hot cheetos 
wtf! i didn't saw where the red mango is at eastwood malll 
damn, no brown sugar 
no milk for my cereal 
had a great idea, but was disappointed when I found no chocolate in the fridge. 
yuck. i think i've drank too much pink grapefruit juice 
disaster spilt the sugar all over 
Lummy. Yoghurt on the stair carpet too.   I'm resigning
this banana is uncomfortably large .. 
@elibbybet I love real cheese, but I'm allergic. 
@ElJeyEs Are all annoying? ... Chocolate 
@dietcokebottle  I'm sorry to hear that. *sends over good wishes, diet coke, and peanut butter m&amp;m's*
*sigh* when it rains it pours....and apparently it rains milk. 
poured a huge bowl of cereal. checked the milk and it said 6/14....  poured the milk.. came out in chunks! 
watching bleach and eating sugar free chocolate pudding. it's so bland.  but it's what i have to do to stick to my diet. /sigh.
no ketchup 
@pacethestairs But pineapple with cheese?! 
@damohopo my mother is allergic to peanuts  we have nutella?
My apple cider's gone 
@ReneeJRoss i didn't. sounds so good, but i'm on a no sugar/no carbs diet. 
@honey408 haha No I didn't.  That was too dramatic for me  @sunnyyoli@DEWz_PingPong
@joycecherrier Fish oils are smelly though, aren't they? 
i burnt ma thumb heating up some milk 
I got distracted by myspace, and now my cereal has gone soggy 
i want an avocado shake 
@FreshJacobs and im pineapple allergic 
I keep being feed milk-shakes the thickness of porridge 
I lost salt and sugar roulette to kelly whitson... 
Watching naruto and josh stole my fruit snacks 
Large chocolate-dipped strawberries go into your asshole a lot easier than they come out 
i wish sabrina would have remembered to buy some milk.  all i want is cereal 
rhubarb muffins with walnuts?! oma what were you thinking. 
@bdanirizzo don't leave!!! nearly 3 months without my peanut butter is just not right 
Just got sprayed in the face with the salty juices from the tip of a weinner 
@mmh1 damn i'm out of milk  can i bring ginger ale?
ugh..i will have herbal tea w/honey 
the stick broke off my toffee apple 
sugar hangover 
I ate all my peanuts. 
got really bad heartburn while at the bar before and now my stomach is hurting me- ithink the fruit juice did it 
My hot chocolate... not so hot aksually lol   thanks to @NickyJames and @Rockzilla  !!! well worth it tho haha
@hardcoreware I guess the cocoa could make it bitter - but the coconut solid is really sweet, as I know to my cost because I binge on it 
dog+sprayed by skunk=me having to bathe her in tomato juice in the morning! 
@mishacollins No biscuit is not even the worst...I bet that she made you drink the tea WITH milk *shudders* so cruel 
@psynde The sugar cube didn't help much. But we lit it and missed out on the opiums. 
@jiminthemorning I love lime marmalade and I used to love marmite but I don't anymore 
eating toast and orange juice then language classes ! 
has to tahe her evil tablets today just to make sure it's them that caused the red blotchey itchyness and not the cookie dough milkshake. 
Oh good lord, hw i wish i had a triple chocolate milkshake  x
Just showered herself in a hot venti caramel macchiato 
needs to drink apple smoothie  http://plurk.com/p/ystab
aaaw  finished my milk
Oatmeal was a bad choice this morning and once again I forgot the extra strength excedrine. Today might be a long day 
bleargh! milk should not be lumpy 
want a chocolate frappichino 
shouldn't have ordered coke light  ice lemon tea is still the best! but the subway melt with extra capsicums is yummylicious! ^^
@Mickleni  awww honey!! at least it can get to be pretty entertaining!! right??
@MystaKool But she's the one who suggested vanilla instead of choco  evil icecream khoor!
I was trying to decide whether I wanted the strawberry or raspberry danish and then mom woke me up 
I just made some blueberry walnut pancakes to help me feel better after that Phillies lost 
Why are cherries so expensive? 
Holy crap on toast. I tried to make hot chocolate and failed miserably. Poured boiling hot water all over my thumb 
no milk!    looks like it's dry cereal for breakfast...!  
@Amicks27 i missed eating chocolates... 
I need some candies and caffeine to survive... 
@supersimbo You get a bar of chocolate as a prize if you can work out all those abbreviations, darn those 140 characters! 
i want a Caramel Frappuccino! 
*tears up* Aww, man, I love that little milk carton. 
The granola in my yogurt parfait is soggy. 
@ChelseaLJensen  I know  but had Oatmeal.  
Is missing strawberry fair  booooo
I am hungry and can't find the peanut butter and jelly. 
Is running out of muscle milk 
@millzz123 a banana hey? i hate banana's 
@ItsJoshAngel eggs and bacon.  white juice.
We woke up too late to go strawberry picking.  So I guess homemade bread and apple cinnamon muffins are necessary to make up for that.
That strawberry waffle was hittin' now off to the plantation 
@mileycyrus oops sorry i messed it up  it's sugar_shoes_96
Just spilled burning liquid on herself and is now burnt all over 
@beckinelson awww honey 
I want some coke, chocolate, and bread  Too sick to go out and sneeze on everyone. I hate being ill.
@mekkanikal yeah... that was awesome... now it's stupid.. 50 x Walls, 50 x Vadilal, 50 x Mother Dairy redis everywhr 
@JohnCleese  i want a chocolate biscuit too! but i has nun 
ew i just poured some milk into my cornflakes and tasted it and the milk was all soury 
well ..cos I didnt get my forgiveness..banana dreamsss 
All these cookies and cakes and they are all sugar free... 
i think the banana bread tastes good?  i can't really tell cause i'm so congested 
 i sneezed and my juice went all over me  im nt in the best of moods total love struck 
@_sugar ugh i wish you were coming toooooooo 
new problem..i ate all the chocolates i want out of my russell stovers box..vermont nut cream, fruit &amp; nut caramel &amp; maple nut cream 
tiny chiclets... the flavor fades so damn fast 
@codekoala yum, cream soda. wish I hadn't already blown my soda quota for the week  (heh...soda quota...it rhymes!)
GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGRRRRRRRRROSSSSSSSSS. just took a big gulp of sour milk that i poured for my freshly baked choc. chip cookies. 
Franlinger's saltwater taffy is addictive! too bad i have about 5 taffys left 
craving chocolate 
ran out of milk for porridge 
I want cereal but I have no milk. 
Just finished watching milk   that was so sad yet so inspiring! http://myloc.me/2SfO
gingermuffin wants to dip me in lemonade &amp; throw milk duds at my boobies! 
I cut the finger   It is painful .. I'm watching tv and eating my cereal with milk ..
@eBick wouldn't accept my Cheetos 
@ohsnapsjohn  did I also mention coconut  I suckkkkk
Is it possible to overdose on fiber? Psyllium making my day a grumbly hell 
out of peach schnapps  
blueberry scented  crushed.
feels really sick and has cramps, stupid Twix! I only had one bar 
who knew beer n chocolate covered strawberries went so well together? i didnt.. but now i do! n i feel enlightened but now my tummy hurts 
runny nose n cough is hard to sleep with... 
@remuke No milk  Thanks though.
I want a hazelnut latte 
I hate it when my sugar drops.  I get all shaky and sweaty. It sucks! LOL
traumatized with milk 
redrock is always fun...in bed but can't sleep. wish my honey was here with me. 
At 11:11, I wished for chocolate-covered gummy bears. 
I don't know what made me think I could drink a half gallon of Chocolate milk while not feeling good 
@johncmayer so does regular chilli and apples  and ice cube is there too
has no milk for tea  my life is over.
@moonsoar the magic free cell phone ws never quite the same after its pink grapefruit juice bath. 
@zpush i need all the sugar! selfish. 
My gum is bleeding. 
Walking to meet a special someone, I seriously want a mango passion fruit from starbucks but that means going to town or calcot 
this fruit cup i got from starbucks wasd not the business the only thing good in it was the pineapple but there were only 2 pieces in it 
Just ate my last tangy top   I'll miss my sugary taste of happiness!
Wanting some strawberry and banana covered pancakes! And a new bathing suit.. 
@Ragealmighty I want a strawberry slushi 
@crystaljordan used to love those brownies! Even though they're low cal, I have to skip them now cause of the sugar  
@ZenaBmore lol yeh i got milk, had 2 bowls and now there isent any more frosties 
My honey just left n I miss him already. 
Oatmeal = blach 
just realized I don't have any batter mix for pancakes     So backup plan is grape nuts and orange iced cinnamon rolls for brunch.
@luucythematron they're like bite sized cornflake cakes with raisins in - fantastic, but never enough in a pack 
misses her honey-lamb very much 
I had like 5 starburts, and now I only have one..  its the strawberry one 
alone again and again. i havent drink my orange juice,do the prayer. ahhh 
Just found out ians allegic to peanuts. Hes doing well, though.               
@janellecool i didnt wake up  i even ate applesauce to stay up!
No more cherries 
well.  My chocolate showed up.  At least its not lost.. just not where I can eat it.   LOL  ~a
@_themillster_ aww honey....  what pizza you getting? x
@Ohvintage aww  tried drinking hot honey &amp; lemon?
no milk! NO FRUIT!  i guess i'll have to get them 
Haribo Tangfastics make my mouth hurt. 
Just eaten a full pack of chocolate, I could actually chuck my guts up 
I guess i'll have to start using jars again...  
To many blueberries in my muffins now there really sour 
@xfallenwarriorx  Hugs. Also, tell me when your chocolate comes. I'm writing to you tonight.
I wish pistachios and macadamia nuts weren't so expensive 
My hot chocolate tastes weird 
Wish I had a grilled cheese or something. Cereal won't do it right now. 
@sammieepaige i have no soda.  dr. pepper is the bestest. 
Ughhhh! I ate too many cherries. 
gayyy, there's like no honey in the fridge 
i want frozen yogurt, but i stay in mililani. 
@Marcftsk awwww  when i see you at warped i'll have pineapple juice and peaches and sunscreen with your name on it :] haha feel better&lt;3
wanted to make chocolate covered bananas, but had to settle for a banana split instead. 
the episod finished  n my chips n coke 
should i even do it? oh, honey.. i dont think i have the guts to 
wanna make egg custard with coconut milk but totally failed 
ooooh now im left with just milk 
Up @ 4:30??? I'm going to see my honey off to camp 
thinking salt &amp; vinegar chips cures nausea, want some 
@cassowaryjewel  hot milk? chamomile tea? book?
@elalaa I want to have icecream with you and dani 
kids in bed: max wouldn't go to bed unless i let him have some milk! tried tricking him with water: then watered down milk... didn't wok 
dammit I ate all the milk chocolate balls &amp; now forced to eat dark chocolate 
tried to make egg custard with coconut milk but totally failed 
The problem with apple juice in a carton is, if you don't mention it's cloudy apple juice and I buy it on false pretenses, I get upset... 
@andyclemmensen does it have icecream and jelly beans on it? no? then it's not the greatest 
Craving for some blueberry cheesecake...  #fb
@velvetlimes Just ate Cereal 
aw i just ate my last butter menthol 
My bagel smells beautifully of maple syrup. But the taste is no where to be found 
should really get back to work and stop thinking of apple crumble 
forgot to bring my lemon green tea, and now I want it 
trying a new cereal b/c they were out of my peanut butter puffins. not that impressed 
bfast:smoothie, banana, c hemp milk, c nf total fage, 1.5 tlbs flax, protein powder...and I'm sick today 
curse my new body clock! i can no longer sleep in   but i did enjoy a vanilla soy latte today. mmm...soy
has killed her mobile phone with soy milk 
I bet that when I go downstairs, 30% of our sugar will b gone  I dont no bout you, but I value sugar!  You should treasure it not devour.
@megs775 I'm sorry, honey. 
is craving sugar right now 
Chocolate snowball - gross 
@TimCub I washed it down with plain old water.  I finished the apple juice last night. 
@MyCaribbeanFood thanks! not sure why it won't let you leave a message  will investigate... coconut, vanilla &amp; hazelnuts sounds divine!
You're right- I did not want milk with my cereal this morning. Thanks for finishing it off  #squarespace
@watermelonsmile awh, bb.  *hugs and sends soups and tea*
@sarahmarg i'd rather not talk about coca-cola classic 
is craving for icecream rly badly 
why ate my toffees ? 
@rainnwilson Creamy body fat is so underrated 
bri frank! i just had a banana and it reminded me of you and how you insisted you cut my banana every day. aww i miss school 
I NEED sugar!!! We dont have any!! 
eating trix yogurt is very difficult 
My mom is having a pomegranate margarita 
Feeling vaguely disappointed, disillusioned and disenfranchised!                                                 chocolate might help 
Today before work all I wanted was a strawberry-banana smoothie.   Of course they were out of strawberries.  
just ate a peanut that tasted like dish soap. that can't be a good thing. 
@vjstupid it is quite a sad point of vegetarianism that I don't get to eat sweets shaped like unicorns and trumpets 
its pouring and i dont have any juice.... 
has eaten honey loops, but now theyre all gone 
@andreeyuhspooky awee  this calls for red mango! lol 
I jus got beat with licorice 
No sesame chicken 4 me tonight 
@JackiemW i am not new, but i will say that it is extremely dissapointing when you can taste that your gum is about to loose it's flavor 
@gabdeb I don't like chocolate milk. 
@pinktank1 I'm all out of honey &amp; the shops're shu.  I've been making lovely hot toddies &amp; they ease it for a while. I'll get zinc tabs.x
@Meeps625 hah, I just had a toast fail, I wanted some peanut butter and there was none  So I had nutella instead
wow out of coca cola again damn 
Hopes that my cat Twix isn't sick with something serious 
@Lbdub2011: I miss you honey 
Things I hate: not spotting the huge clump of sugar at the bottom of your cereal until it's waaaaay too late for it to be useful 
I look like the honey roasted chicken they sell at publix 
@RenesmeeRPG no honey. we were talking to carlisle who seems not to be on anymore 
Starbucks was closed  so I got an orange juice.
Just burnt my tongue bad on homemade herbal tea. 
@lauralollycake i ate a sherbert fizz 
@KammieK It was only a drizzle!  98% was pure apples!  All gone  though 
feeling hypoglycemic. i think those funnel cake sticks fucked up my blood sugar -- totally a bad idea. waiting for the dizzy to go away 
Ugh i'm getting the late night munchies  i hate that i'm addicted to Nutella now. I can eat it right out of the jar!
@honey408 It made me tear too 
sudden crave of Nutella. awwwwwwman. me wantsies! 
i burned my tounge on my hot chocolate. 
iced white chocolate mohca pearl drink &gt; me. yea, i'm sure it was the milk. 
I feel like baking some banana bread to have for breakfast but I have no bananas, 24 hr stores are too far away so no baking for me 
flopped quad 6s and wasnt able to milk the table. 
not feeling this milk.. 
peppermint tea isn't really settling my tummy  I have to learn to stop stressing over things that have already happened and think positive
i just drank my 4th protein shake.. hahhaha my metabolism is fluxuating again ~o and i love eating fruits &lt;3 &amp; their high sugar contents 
Craving vanilla and choco pudding from germany.... 
Dammit icecream still frozen solid after 10 mins, will be asleep before i get my sugar kick at this rate 
@LeelooDogBlog If only you sold milk and bread 
Chocolate butterfly cakes are getting the thumbs up in the office... going to treat myself to one... ten extra mins at the gym tonight! 
they were sold out of Twix and Snickers  but...
@androidtomato hmmm i want honey/cheese toasted now 
Eating a  bag of milk chocolate peanuts and raisins. Am hoping all the peanuts have sunk to the bottom, all I'm getting so far is raisins 
i have a craving for a mrs crimble coconut macaroon. i can see the packet. They are about 300 calories each 
Looks like cherries and pain meds for breakfast.  And toast. Definitely toast.  
almost finished my sugar fix lolly pop    i wish lollypops were neverending. thatd be cool.
Probly has swine flu  butter menthols!
has no milk.  going to the shop to buy some.
@brendalogy don't be like that  me loves youuu! hang in there honey.. 
i ate all my chocolate 
@sethsimonds some mint leaves. I drank all the lemonade already. 
got to loose some weight... not possible loving chocolate 
Thinking about my honey and missing him 
Mornings suck with no milk for my cereal  already starting off as a bad day
boo... i dont like eating powdery apples.. and it seems like the entire batch i got given are all the same! 
@CHactingNYC Aaw me either! I'm made to swallow crappy pills and eat stuff like wheat bread, oats, veggies and yogurt! 
Finally about to take off...damn I forgot gum 
eating an apple, didn't have to time for a real breakfast 
feels all weird and shaky... but not low-blood-sugar shaky.  Or maybe.  I dunno.  I just ate a fruit cup.  
@cosmetic_candy haha it really does suck doesn't it!   do tablets work for you?
My vanilla latte tastes yucky because I need to lose my flubby tummy and had to switch to 2% milk!  
@divascancook - prune juice. We mix with some apple juice &amp; call it &quot;magic juice&quot;. It's tough to go through, tho. 
UGH....I'm goin nuts literally! 
had to put her hand in the flour jar! then the flour jar spilt over, and now im all floury 
@JasonBainum you know I think you have to pay for the peanuts now 
she left to get milk and never came back 
This apple is terrible 
I am bored to tears.  Maybe some milk will help!
@gloupe aww I'm sorry to hear that   I wish I had some honey for you
@pineapple2010 
found some big ass oranges in the fridge turned out to be grapefruit 
i really would love to make banana bread, but i have no bananas  but i'm going to make brownies for justin(:
i just had 3 frosted sugar cookies &amp; now i'm thinking that was a bad idea...my tummy hurts 
ate too many breath mints 
I am out of gum 
honey...i miss u 
@Janesaw ginger nut biscuits are the best biscuit ever.. i think arnotts have made them thinner though 
i just ate a ton of chocolate. now i feel sick 
@amandapalmer you didn't drink enough cranberry juice. 
@bczajk i want mocha magic espresso beans  please send me some.
I miss that shampoo from the hotel that smelled like ginger ale 
@Afroboy360 it means I can't have too much dairy in my diet 
I'm shaking from low-blood sugar becaus I didn't bring my soda to drink thruout the class. 
could totally go for some dairy queen RIGHT NOW! 
After not having water, spent the day at the pool. I'll always be the color of milk with cottage cheese thighs. I miss my gubbie 
3.48 for a pound of cherries?!?!?!?!? That is so ridiculous. 
@BrentLauren I can't have dairy 
i never got any cherries 
timer goes off. And of course I passed out putting the baby back to sleep. This morning I woke up to condensed milk instead of yogurt 
says i have cough  http://plurk.com/p/11h3oz
craving for raspberry mango cheesecake. 
if u don't want to clean the carpet, don't give ur kid chocolate milk. 
I absolutely hate when your dying of thirst and there is noooooo juice in the fridge 
uhg this low sugar organic orange juice makes me want to throw up. 
@tisfortara haha if only it was that easy, i have no bananas 
I need Choclate.. Cadbury bar.. Kitkat.. Godiva.. having a crave attack 
Disadvantage to laptop on the porch. Fruit flies in my bourbon. 
i want a chocolate milkshake ! i'm dreaming with it, LOL. but here in brazil is 11:54 pm so i'm in bed 
@mina_berry are you okay? you've been continuously depressed... 
@LalaJensen im on a diet! lost 5 kilos already..... my goal is to lose 30 by 1/9 ... so no lindt hot choc 4 me 
failed at making marble sugar cookies. 
@JonFolse I have to use soy milk, I'm lactose intollerant 
@peanut2468 negative 
too much tamarindo juice tummy hurts... 
@LenStorm Wow.  I'm allergic to regular milk.  
coco, i heart you so, sooo much 
@KTIG I forgot the lemon though 
@meemeemo apple never called me back, i guess i'm not apple material 
@MarthaStewart  All my chocolate mints are dead. 
@ashleyxforsyth It was a strawberry one  wasn't as nice as the orange definitely now
officially hooked on dried fruits.. lol iv eaten half the packet of dried mango. i feel ill now 
It seems our studio has passed through the 4pm Chocolate wall unscathed. I still want some though 
cough syrup tastes horrible 
@avenue_a what's happened?? you've got me worried honey 
just finished a bar of chocolate by herself.. oh no 
cravin strawberry yogurt sooooo bad. 
everyone's gone home except for me  won't Carsten @318i feel lonely in that carpark all by himself. at least he's got my Twix safe&amp;secure
Just accidentally downed half a sherbet fountain in one go. Now my insides are foamy..   
just ate the bessstt chocolate and banana scone! ew tutoring 
i'm nuts. i just got back from westfield to buy coke. lol  bad!
my husband just drank all my iced chocolate 
got up and wanted tea but cant milk has curdled  wanted toast but cant breads moledy see wat happens wen parents r away 
Me and cassie just ate a whoel tub of Chocolate fudge brownie B &amp; J  I feel dirrrty 
http://twitpic.com/7m01h - I was being sarcastic  we were hoping for icecream. :'(
I need a big bottle of juice and a bacon sandwich. But there is NO bread in my house! 
i want  3.0... hurry up apple 
Hates this silly low blood sugar thing - I feel like I'm just made of sugar, but am still weak 
twitting while wating for my honey...he's sick... 
I have an apple and some yogurt because I forgot honey for my oatz 
is eating strawberry-filled chocolate and chocolate soy milk. I need food, my brain ain't working 
misses her bi.  And is craving her chocolate! ^^
HOW did i gain a lb in weight? iv been SO careful. cheese...i blame you 
o my.. jst finish drinking calamansi juice.. grbe asim tlga!! 
@mmailliw  after googling, i haven't been sleeping because i'm eating bad for me. I'm insulin resistant, i can't eat sugar or carbs 
@mrjameszz I mean: I have to take a certain amount of proteins, fibers, carbs (not many), vitamins, minerals a day... that's how I &quot;feed&quot; 
is eating her last peanut butter cup 
I can't believe it i've drunk too much milkshake.... but i love the sweet sweet milk 
has a strange need for apple or cranberry juice right now 
i dont have any baking powder 
has just eaten a very unpleasant apple doughnut 
I got a latte from mcd's this morning n my tummy doesn't feel good. They probably used whole milk instead of nonfat 
Just drank some chocolate milk, i think it's makin me sick 
@rinkmom Had my latte and it was good, but a little disappointed cause had no sugar-free vanilla syrup, had to go with hazelnut 
is bored and bored of cereal!!! 
i'm without milk, but i really want cereal 
regrets getting the chocolate croissant instead of the almond croissant at milano. 
@AsiatikMami lol berry berry kix used to be my shit! i didn't know they discontinued it! 
drinking pure orange juice right after coffee was the most misjudged thing ever  ughh
@atkirby shame could have been cool, I didn't get any chocolate either 
@tea_austen I really want to some ripened-to-perfection peaches preserved in honey syrup now 
@efalase u mean s sugar u abandoned?? 
Gping to bed, missing my honey 
@felicityfuller I know! @ms_cornwall knows how many sugars I have in my tea, but not what I want to eat! 
@eskaybe i got some coconut flakes at the turnip truck. my granola (different recipe) did not stick together, think i skimped on sugar 
well my assistant is going to hit me at any minute and say no milkshake. she would say a smoothie or protein shake. that's when I cry 
I want icecream now!! .. 
i need a hot chocolate. 
he snores so loud...  and my belly is so full from chili and a chocolate milkshake!
@lovingpho Why is it so hard to find banana blossom salad  ?
@uhhlexi  you forgot your juice.  Hha  you w christopher?
visiting gram...... 
@flashman  tea with honey! I feel fine, unfortunately.
swallowed more gum than lollipop 
Poopoopoop i need some brown sugar and we're all outttttttt 
@BigDaddyWolf where's the chocolate?  need to de-stress
@ms_muffet but you can't eat honey!  &amp; you are so rockin the #nicerfilmtitles
@theriggler she is fucking nuts, but so cute. I wish i could have her 
But I am very upset that I didn't get butter and honey. How am I supposed to eat my biscuit? 
@stephaniedaula Awww  lol but i don't blame you chocolate milk is the bomb
@cavsfanatic Fantastic, now I want chocolate milk.  And there's no Nesquik in the house.  
I want some Chocolate 
No Bananas, Midol has too much caffeine for bed time, and We're out of chocolate 
i wish i could have made it out to jungle juice...  i forgot
@TWBuddha I dont get it, sorry if I'm bugging u but how are you eligible? apple is confusing me 
@nikkiwaaay001 mmm girl!i could really go for some cake..&amp;a glass of milk! ... i didnt get any for graduation  &lt;- look double sad face
@pbzaiian http://twitpic.com/7opiq - is that la? lol i wish we had a yogurt land 
@anattendantlord That's what I would have done but I don't have a microwave right now  Ended up eating dark chocolate and cherries
@janellepinky  do you have any buttermilk?
cherry vanilla tea...not so into it.  also a headache. 
uggh...been readin the ish abt @DavidArchie's dad...sheesh...the price of fame -&gt; rumors nd misjudgements  *still munching Twix chocs* 
purple candy is always grape favor 
Wishes i had more chocolate milk... 
I can't even eat my Twix bars 
Drinking my disgusting lime juice. :| IT'S DISGUSTINGG. 
@laurenconrad come to florida pwetty pweety pwease wiff sugar on top 
I'm really in the mood for Swiss miss hot milk chocolate.. But all I have is Ghirardelli white mocha.     it'll have to do
betty crocker's  cornbread really sucks...despite all the honey i added 
http://twitpic.com/7oz49 - They get upset when i have to leave 
no more chocolate left  atleast i still have my creamy soda 
@accelerate aww well I hope you feel better now  take some anti-nausea meds if feeling ill still! or a cup of hot lemon tea works for me
glycerin, solbitol, propyl alcohol, poloxamer..... ingredients of a mouthwash product are killing me 
just choked on my green apple jelly green tea. 
i feel like a hot choc but we don't have any milk 
@NatLim yes...she was sooo confident that the ingredient was barley, but it was something similar to barley. too bad 
@deadgoodundies Wish i had a chocolate eclair too 
@chrispavlic you never eat white chocolate when I'm there anymore 
sadly...i have finally found a kashi cereal i don't like...cinnamon harvest 
i'm sooo hungry.. i didn't eat my noodles, didn't like them. And the honey balls are gone  ... gahh.
who leaves the orange juice open and puts in back in the fridge? i shook it and since it was open, im now covered in orange juice...  ugh
My trix cereal isn't composed of little fruits  what is the world coming to?
hot tea w/ honey &amp; lemon because my throat hurtsssss 
Why the hell am I so tired!!!  I need some apple juice haha
@pinkksoupp nope.. no apple.. they have cinnamon, pecan and vanilla though.. can't find 'em here  we'll just have to make our own!
No milk in the house =&gt; bagel instead of cereal for breaky, and coffeemate in my coffee.  #fb
@derrickkong same here,i finished half a jug of nutella  i think we must drink mre honey lemon
mark just ate all my chocolate. booooooooooooooooooooooooooo. 
wants to make strawberries and cream but she is wayyy too hungover to move 
My sugar roll has ants 
@Bexodimus eurgh cherry coke is bad...  *shudders*
I drank hot hazelnut coffee and now I can't taste my fruit by the foot 
honey and cinnamon .. everyday everyday ,, argh BOSEN 
I hate the bottom of trailmix bags, too many peanuts not enough raisins orrrr chocolate!! It also means the end, no more trailmix for me! 
@lifeheart no, cinnamon sugar!!!! maybe it's the cream cheese? or maybe from last night's pasta dinner? the world will never know. 
@MamaStone I found my toothpaste before I accused Sally of stealing it too 
runny nose and cough 
Just ate cereal with orange juice 
Just had lunch. Oatmeal  &amp; peaches (yumi). I hate diets
everything bagel with cashew butter is weird, but we're out of cream cheese 
need a glass of cranberry juice 
I'm going to buy an icecream with Velria    when we will come back, we will continue to study 
ive finished all my apple juice + my fruit!  in desperate need of a wee trip down to asda  x
My friends told me the brown sugar cinnamon pop-tarts are boring  I think they're delicious
Why is making a grilled cheese so hard for me? 
Eating peanut butter out the jar 
..we don't have any hot chocolate 
really could go some hot chocolate  infact, chocolate of any sort.
regrets eating that bowl of cereal  i hate being fat.
I ate real sugar and now I feel yucky 
@Jucrazy see?! I totally need to be on bed right now mainlining green tea&amp;honey &amp; soup 
Psychologically dependent on chocolate 
~ where are my blueberry bagels?!?! 
@ocac just read more closely. no free yogurt 
i want a chocolate coke. 
there is plastic in my jamba juice 
@teacups_ oh honey 
@icecream007 ouch 
@Godiva5 wont make it 
grrrr @curiousluvchild but i want a cranberry truffle. 
bored...sitting here eating Cheetos, alone 
decided to make a smoothie... i just hate that apple juice has sugar in it 
@PamNeighbour my cereal dropped on the ground and I was sad when I realized wicket was not here to get it 
@mwardreis are you eating it with salt? I want a lime now 
I want an apple with cinnamon but my mom took the last one 
wonders why her bowl of choccie mousse and raspberries had to end 
hungrrryyy, need chocolate. now. 
@Tayluvsbroadway @slash13 Yummers in deed. but it aint quite agreeing with my hot chocolate 
running outta peanut butter and jelly jam  but petenut butter and jelly would do tooo @petewentz
@crustydolphin  so sorry honey x
@silverbeet s'allright! almost gone still nasty sore throat  but excuse for organic local honey &amp; ginger drinks at least
@deebzz i thought you didn't like it? I ran out of cereal 
me want mcflurry caramel 
@KatieSmiles131 i have pickles. but i dont think i have any chocolate. 
@TinaAndWolf im guilty of 10 peanut butter cups 
@makencheezie and 4 cups of chocolate milk. i'm fat as fuck 
The best thing that happened all day, ran out of sugar, a sugar free instant coffee  ,open the fridge, hidden a packet of sugar cubes.
I HATE lemon honey cough drops with a passion.. But it better make my damn throat stop hurting... I need to go buy honey and lemons  
My sugar rush is subsiding 
Now positive that I'm either allergic to large amounts of cheese.. Or the preservatives in alcomahol... 
Iced Coffee with no Splenda... They forgot the Splenda...YUCK!   JP
Mothers nagging me to drink milk.. again!  i hate milk!!!!!!!!! 
@Wildboutbirds I keep missing you!!! And my buddy milk!! 
i just hate it when you pour a bowl of cereal and then you open the fridge to find out youre out of milk...and i dont eat dry cereal 
Where are you honey ? what taking you so long ? 
i think i'll have a tuna sandwich and a coke (shoppers drug mart brand has half sugar) to start this wonderful day off 
@sbartashow i know  but honey, we MUST hope and believethat it won't rain!
dunkin' donuts screwed up my coffee  how disappointing. it's the same one i always go to too! they put milk instead of cream  ick.
the banana I had with breaky is giving me wicked heartburn 
here and it has made me strangely upset. Also - accidentally slept until 12.15 and the weather is rubbish  Chocolate + nice meal tonight!
I am really craving for some cold, fresh, juicy mixture of fruit right abt now. But I'm still traumatized from the rotten watermelon 
@moniquebaines All I have this morning is a coke  wishing for the french vanilla coffee &amp; hazel nut cremer rite about now 2 warm me up
@EricAlan so jealous! i FINALLY found oatmeal and so I made my fav cookies &amp; now all I can taste is a gross vanilla chemical flavor  
FINALLY WEEKEND: tonight my date with mona at elit, one strawberry white chocolate martini for me, i have to drive home 
@indiefixx you'll never guess what just happened! my dog devoured that German Chocolate cake I made last night 
I allreay ate all candies I bought! Not good for my diet!  now I feel mad!
@vinsharma Yes, mainly the cinnamon chai, with honey to soothe the throat, but not able to keep down even cream crackers! 
You would think blackberry pomegranite yogurt would be good, but its not 
My teeth hurt so bad i cant even eat my honey bunches of oats  (ultra sad!!!)
Line up is too crazy at orange julius. No free smoothie for me 
is eating chocolate buhhhh 
It feels like my gum is... imploding! 
the chocolate strawberry was good, but the chocolate kept falling off. 
I still want my caramel hot chocolate!!!! Where are you??!!! 
@kaseypb not a protein muffin..  a regular muffin mix. but made with real fresh blueberries.
I just gave myself an almighty paper cut from a cranberry carton 
honey's out now...missed him already  @kad2566 take care always honey  xoxo
@lemon_jelly stop being so mean to me 
Why do they seel these cadbury flake yogurts to the max. I can't even get in it 
woo feel ugh, nothing tylenol + caffeine  can't fix. A little poker and some vanilla coke...then work 
Bagels without cream cheese is like JLake without a tie, it's just not the same 
@Amaretto_87 what's wrong boo???? 
....... joke a chocolate be much better but we havent 
@strawberry03   I know.. Too sad.. 
Trying to resist the urge for a chocolate chip mocha 
just got my haircut &lt;3 and there is no sour cream for my baked potato 
at w0rk eating my blue berry muffin &amp; strawberry milk. n a bagel n cream cheese n sum chips! boy am i greedy!!! goin 2 a viewing later 2 
@Bbellamy0128 I am so sorry that you are sick honey! 
I miss the chocolate covered strawberrys that never were  grrrrrrrr
World class chocolate icecream isn't the same without u here to eat the dark parts for me. 
I'm getting a cold. I need kleenex balsam tissues and honey and lemon cough medicine 
#dontyouhate when you realize the milk is spoiled after you started eating your cereal 
@aurik aww honey, you too?? 
ran out of apple juice  what am i to do?
I'm craving a quesadillaaa with sour cream and guacamole 
@sistermagpie it's sad that milk was a fantasy for you.  
I want some chocolate milk 
I am allergic to soy does PizzaFusion have cheese without soy? 
I thought I had like 8 Maltesers left in the packet, I only had 1. 
i reallyreally want milk to eat my cocopops 
I feel like my gum might be pulling out one of my fillings. 
I had only a bagel with cream cheese and a frappuccino today 
Just stepped in gum 
strawberry combination with frosties, please? 
I'm going to the gym to blow off some steam.  I wish they sold Sundaes at there...or at least frozen yogurt.  
@wordman1994 why can't we do the diet coke and mentos thing? 
It's sad that cookie dough is now full of E. coli. I was craving some before I read about Nestle's recall. 
mhmmm zios was just like I rememberd so ready to go home I miss my honey 
@VerreDesign lol...no cheesecake here.    I'm drinking chai with honey, but it isn't doing the trick!
salty, i love you..but really, you just left blalock stranded on third. &amp; he got a triple!! 
@susanreynolds I'm sorry.  Pistachios are not as high in phytoestrogens as soy, but they are still up there - about half of soy.
never mind they ran out of the yogurt... 
@Pistachio be careful! it took 2 years for my husband to get his sense of smell back 
@admkbl she's nuts. 
was going to sleep in tomorrow, but now she has to wake up early and milk the walnuts 
just got home from vbox..i smell like cigarettes and shame  w/e! i have strawberries ! they're too sour though. so i have sugar!&lt;3
@mdsharpe85 milk was a bad choice  #anchorman
 well just pss in my cornflakes
@imemocuzursad  I am so sorry honey!!!
#dontyouhate when you run out of jungle juice 
I want juice    or maybe some punch even
There is too much cinnamon in my cocoa. 
I feel gross..I just drank old cranberry juice 
eating salsa and cream cheese because it reminds me of nicole and i miss her.  and also watching chelsea lately. love her&lt;3
@RyanFuentes : fat, fat, fat! And where's my cranberry limeade??? 
all the sweet liquid poured out of my yogurt... 
@likewhoaxox awwz  i hate when that happens!! go drink hot chocolate milk to help you fall asleep lolz
i'm tired   frozen yogurt with little white chocolate chips = yum. i need tea.
I wish I had a candy apple sucker 
No soy sauce  But we have tea!! 
&amp; i drank milk, so now im so sick..  seriously.
Too much taste testing lemonade = upset tummy 
@kiwimui I missed out too, they don't have any without milk in it  booooo!
Wishes she had some more apple juice. 
Oh joy conductor has just spilt tea an grapefruit juice all over me  #virgintrains
my icecream is smoking 
@MrPinkEyesAW i have chocolate and toffee but no vagina 
@missaly sorry honey, I only got your text later 
ew @ baking soda toothpaste 
@__sugar i don't like it  the purple is uhh.
Is so disappointed in the taste of pears anymore 
niki made my cereal be all mushy 
I wants a sugar glider 
showered. now eating cheerios with milk cinnamon and sugar. but wishing I had dunkin donuts 
Still got the alcohol shakes  but having some wine with dinner which should help. Quinoa and feta salad. Then lambrini before we go out 
  I'm out of Nutella  
made some rather nice profiteroles filled with strawberry coulis, shame about my no chocolate rule though 
*ketchup  it was still good, although ketchup would have made it great!
hates the maple syrup diet...i just want fooooood!!!! but this is my payment for lack of dieting for the last 12 weeks 
Never order a pistachio milk shake the nut pieces get stuck in the straw I thought the mixing process would make them smaller it dosen't 
No milk for my cookies!!! 
@MrPaulEvans:  awwwwwwww I'm so sorry honey.
More cereal! yess! I just realized that ONE pop tart is 200 calories.  fml.
@Caramel8 lmaooooooooooo my bad I didn't even get to tell u by 
@donwill I know you're in for red velvet &amp; cream cheese, just don't know how many! What I DO know is how mad @RM22 will be to miss it all 
@BradEYoung  What's wrong honey? 
Off to go find some food....hopefully not Sonic  lately i have been addicted to the lemon berry slush...well im off to hunt
i put way too much sugar and lemonade in the glass.. forgot it was small  i think i'm gonna have diabetes after this
is craving chocolate like he is on a period.... 
i just killed 3 dreyers natural fruit lemonade popsicles and now i can't feel my tongue 
I miss my licorice flavoured cough syrup.  This stuff smells like nailpolish and tastes how I'd imagine nailpolish tastes like...
 i sat on my chocolate truffles.... so much for saving them for to night *tear
i want my soy chai. 
Buying KAZOOZLES not the good flavor though 
Wants another strawberry dacquiri but no refills tho 
dairy free chocolate has soy in it  *fail* damn you allergies!
I'm hungry :/ I think I'm going to have cereal again but I don't know if we have milk 
@theycallmemidge hope your work is going well! i'm still full from the carb-fest, yet i wish i had cocoa puffs...or nutella 
@alexandramorton woodford reserve peach boubon mojito without you 
why is the dairy queen line 45 cars long when I need a peanut buster parfait -now- ? 
I Dropped my phone in apple juice and now its not working 
@TimbrePitch Syrup is the only way to go, I hate the powder mix, I don't like &quot;floatys&quot; in my glass. 
Oh snap, just dropped my glass of juice 
@taylorr00lz  cranberry juice does that to me. damn, it's 2am and i'm starving. come down here and go to the waffle house with me!
Sugar free chocolate just isn't the same  cadbury dak royal chocolate- oh how I miss thee
It is too early to be up just poured myself a bowl of milk and forgot the frosties 
@twofourteen Aww, nuts! 
oh knoes! have run out of peppermint tea at work! All I have left is a rooibos... 
went to fill four cavities  you la give me so many sweets  eat too much already 
@shuliee hey honey, what's up? 
@edkaye Indeed... and unable to eat eggs, dairy or wheat now 
seriously on a sugar high right now. 
@AndreeaBerghea croissants and milk and honey- my healthy breakfast 
ewww i completely forgot that i had dried orange juice at the bottom of my glass then i added redbull to it and it's all floating about 
@beezzzmonster honey, we must meet up! It's been too long 
Making a strawberry creme pie with left over berries. 'Cause I still can't sleep. 'Course, should be up now but been up all nite. 
serving my guard duty in camp right now. I want my strawberry milk. 
is so sad..  khamee is leaving?? :'-( http://plurk.com/p/12oz7m
my honey is so sick.. 
I acidentally confused my flatmate's soy yogurt with my real yogurt 
So I just sat at dairy queen for ten minutes... It isn't open 
peanut butter and jelly is so delicious for breakfast! im so bored 
@mariaproperty i donno how to turn the flour into ambuyat! 
 burnt tongue, hot chocolate has a downside
drinking pear juice does not cure back pain erghhhh! 
@HelloThereEmily its petes fault. He used the rest of the milk 
There goes my diet @sweetcakesbakes The herb knots, asiago biscuits, and cinnamon pecan rolls will only add to my weight 
Eating what could possibly my last ever packet of Chilli &amp; Chocolate Crisps 
i so wanna have some chocolate butterscotch ice creams with nuts and stuffs in it, now now now 
@openproduce that pre-packaged green wheat pilaf is full of grit/sand. I have to throw it away, it causes me too much pain 
I hate the way apple juice tastes so delicious but looks like piss 
@geniechiefette They don't sell Cheetos here anymore 
ice &gt;Syrup = poor snow cone... Thanks eskimo sno! 
i am back and i am craving chocolate. Not good I dont want to eat it but i cant stop from wanting 
@ddlovato just don't talk. and drink tea honey!! I'm sooo sowwy about ur voice! 
@ddlovato awww dems don't cry!  try hot milk with honey! I feel bad for you, love! hope you get better soon! 
@laurajane29  milk them for all they're worth.  if you have a row hide it, so they can't take it back. i got caught out on that one 
@imjudyvalda They were out of peanut butter when we were there.  But they're all still so damn good!
@TheWayIRoll I don't know where is she... but I miss her  ahah goodnight honey! n.n
omggg i want peanut butter 
@gaylejack  @vidabatine I've still got all mine in a milk cart, just no turntable 
is getting seriously tired now the ornage juice is wearing off 
making lemon bars looks hard 
@sarakenobi awww honey I'm sorry.     I wish I could offer some helpful advice
runny nose 
@ChrissyRay aw honey. 
@Xoxnaquel   honey What's wrong? 
http://twitpic.com/85nvc - @sloppydmoney eating yogurt &amp; berries instead of tastykakes &amp; chocolate  haha
is sooo full and i havvent eaten aything  stupid chocolate milkshake
never eating another banana again  so ill...
@cassidymoomoo lol im eatin a honey bun cause i cant eat hard stuff 
It funny that even gum makes me think of you 
Starving.  Last batch of bananas doesn't seem to be very good.  Only getting 1/3 of nanner in my tummy.  
@jessadg I'm such a jam making newbie I didn't even know pectin had sugar in it. 
I'm allergic to milk  ......and my fave drink is cocoa....without it I die...This is so unfair for me
I want some milk and poptarts. Is that too much to ask? 
@chocolate_dip AWh... sounds like funn!! I wanna go..... 
Ugh after drinking soy milk for so long, regular milk tastes like cheesey water  I am going to regret thisss!
@thelane My fav choc is creme egg, but don't think they could do that in an icecream.... 
@Caramel8 working  trying to kill any one
@sammianne dose not want my nuts 
@sammianne does not what my nuts 
@lykeabiotchhhh omg I'm craving green milk tea reallllly bad 
i had to settle for bran flakes, coz if i'd eaten any of the crunchy nut, tasha would have broken my spine 
@supercharz they were all out of pistachio    - had straccioto instead..
you know i am not feeling well if i am having problems finishing a blueberry muffin. 
Is eating dairy milk and watching big brother and not looking forward to sleeping in tent tonight!! Haha tis cold 
Home from work, kettle boiled, choccie biccies at the ready, tea bag in cup. Then I remembered... No milk. *cry* 
Tbs cancelled 
@lovejenara @arj830 @quiseme I just ate a grilled cheese and an apple 
@OMGitsLexi i ate a peanut butter and banana sandwich. i'm all alone too  sucks doesn't it?
chocolate cravings! 
i shouldnt of had that grande caramel frappacino  considering i feel like shitt now, and im lactoseee!
@love43oranges I feel more bad about my spoon that for that fish 
toasted crumpts then found that there was no butter 
Baking strawberry &amp; lemon flavor cupcakes. I burned some strawberry cupcakes. 
mangoes &amp; port aren't the greatest mix 
Just ran out of cran-apple juice. I'm a sad panda. 
having Cheerios and getting ready to go to work 
so i bought a mango smoothie at jamba juice today....got into work and spilled the whole thing on the floor...made me a sad panda 
@Equestrian16 jamba juice is a smoothie joint! we have one in times square..I wish we had them out here 
all i want is a glass of milk and there's none left cause somebodyyyy finished it!!!! 
had a mocha &amp; two pieces of fruit bread.. still hungry 
I want something sweet and the cherries were so not  &amp; in allergic to bananas and mango  haha
doesn't have milk on the fridge. aww. no milk for my mashed potatoes 
@day_b haha - i havn't taken sugar since i was a teenager - seems my sweet tooth has gone 
is torn by his love for milk and his lactose intolerance.  http://plurk.com/p/13rr2w
just got handed a basketful of lemons....  
mhmhmhm im hungry  i think ill drink some milk, strawberry milk
1. I wasn't talking bout him, nigga just got a candy corn head. and 2. I didn't get to see T2 either  @MDottFresh
@priorities hey, it's not funny. only the strawberry flavor left 
@hyukkie we brought you strawberry milk to make up for us leaving you alone...but we drank it  sorry
@butadream  Chocolate is good too! ;)
I think that was too much sugar for one breakfast. 
brownie, cheese tart, chocolate cream puff...bbrrpp...god help this fatty! 
I want a chocolate 
@KiaDelis  sorry K....warm milk I suppose??lol lol..j/k.
@immoral_angeluk I'm sorry honey  That sucks.... *cuddle* x
Wondering if I'll get offered cheese and crackers or fresh fruit today.  Not very likely 
@gramatter they don't have milk chocolate snowies 
@endlessblush i can choc and i can quik but hot milk is better with milo/ovaltine/horlicks 
Is it wrong to want chocolate this early in the a.m.? I could really go for some hot chocolate and churros . . . substituting granola bar 
Note to self : You can't inhale peanuts! Eugh 
i could really go for a mango boba smoothie right now... too bad the closest one would be in raleigh 
Noooooooooo the chocolate timbits are gone   little bitches hahaha
could really use some donuts and orange juice right now  , but @padgettalicia has reprimanded me using the debit until more $ appears.
is craving a pack of crisps but im on a diet  lol
@meshmerize I just drank water like you said but now i feel like i made hot chocolate in my tummy  
@cilaa come to the portal and let us hug you honey   we're here for you always, k?
@hippyofdoom no, it was a mini feast, so chocolate, chocolate, more chocolate and some er nuts? 3/5 on the chocolate, 0/5 for fruit &amp; veg 
i wish i had milk right now.. i am craving some cereal. 
my breakfast was looking soooo yummy...until I caught kitty drinking the milk out of my cereal 
@azelmer that I didn't I woke up late!  I was ready for my blue berry muffin too.. I forgot to grab it. I was mad!!! It sounds so good.
@paperheat i want frozen yoghurt too 
my creative juice pipes are all dry and cobwebby. 
@sollitaire well, a good number of people dislike coffee, though the peppermint and popcorn thing is weird. a life without popcorn is sad 
@CountyBrown you guys just stopped loving me.   i was a hittman honey!  
@bittytrick i forgot! I just ate cereal! 
I had to put away my corn nuts...  
just had a magnum temptation chocolate, overrated...  will stick to G&amp;T now on...
is there anything more lame then pouring a bowl of cereal and remembering you have no milk? no cherrios for me 
@edkaye I can't eat bananas anymore 
lemon honey tea, i have three weeks worth of laundry to do. 
I hate the excitement of pouring a bowl of honey bunches of oats, only to be disappointed by a lack of milk 
and that should say habanero... the spanish n screwed it up 
@chocolate_dip lol i wasnt complaining just making sure @yoeyfreshier wasnt getting off before me but @tivon cleared that up 
@garyphayes I don't know what I want. If you search SilkCharm Chocolate you'll see the recommendations... crowdsourced chocolate 
frosted wheats in milk for my midnight snack 
@cornbreadturner enjoy the milk  #gotmilk
@paulmonkey yes has all the sugar and salt to rehydrate you quickly 
@tommcfly haha morning then. i think (aussie here) wheat bix with honey!! or maple syrup and milk 
@Kenichan close, but no cigar.  banana-toffee 
3 apples, 2 nectarines, 1/2 flat strawberries, 1/2 bag of grapes, cup of chopped walnuts, sliced, diced, and mixed 2 yummy perfection 
I love my toothpaste. 
@alexiaaa well i like them better than the chocolate and milk (?) ones 
Hey! Just having breakfast. Chocolate chip weetabix minis and a hot-cross bun - topped off with pure orange juice  !
I could do with some chocolate milk 
It's nearly easter!!! yay!!! mmm chocolate 
Only just woke up,  8 hours sleep is so great. I want a costa hot chocolate with marshmellows! xxzx
@OfficialRandL Whey!  thats so goooooooooooooooood 
@garethjrichards can u pls buy some hot chocolate 
is about to go shopping for ingredients making chocolate fondant with vanilla ice-cream 
parents just bought a brand spanking new car.  and im happy because of galaxy caramel chocolate. i love it.
Drinking orange juice, eating viscount 
@sbcalfee the water instead of milk was pregnancy brain 
@ahluscu12 andreea.  you need an apple 
@adamsigel You crack me up - YOU are my terrific banana 
totally craving chocolate and starbucks...only 4 days left 
@StacyonBob I ate candy cigarettes but I didn't eat the wax once I drank the coke. I did however eat the candy lips. 
mmm baked beans on toast with melted cheese makes the bitter pill that is homework easier to swallow 
Drinking a smoothie without a straw = smoothie mustache. 
@AlbertoPaez you love meeeeeee! Y no soy grosera, I'm beautiful 
@CarlaNix i want bacon (fried crisp), scrambled eggs, toast,fruit, coffee w/french vanilla creamer and water! 
@_ynnie36 @vojha apple is *so* easy 
@xpectopatronum .... I'll bring fruit tarts!!!! 
listening to the rain. chocolate strawberries and licorice tea  watching harold and maude with my momma &lt;3
my study tools: panadol and sugar-free redbull 
eating chocolate and listening to beethoven, nice 
@RobertCallaghan was wondering if you were joking about the teabags. too funny! 
eating chocolate easter nests with my sister 
just finished eating breakfast  corn flakes... with sugar. :3
my honey just got back from new york!!!  i missed him!
I'm up after sleeping through the night.  Now I have my yoghurt &amp; green tea with peppermint to wake me up.  
I eat a delicious chocolate hummmm...   it's good goood
@beckybuckwild chew some peppermint or clove gum 
mini blueberry muffins for the little one and vanilla yogurt and banana nut granola for mama. he's a lucky boy to get fresh baked goods 
I have nameday today  I eating fruity icecream
just made some badass banana bread. didn't accidentally use salt instead of sugar this time 
I just made the prettiest latte! I even used the milk steamer and put a dollop of foam on top, and sprinkled cinnamon/sugar on it! 
Others: @BertaWooster thanks for the cider  guarana is a very yummy fruit ;) &amp; the voddie looks good in.. http://tinyurl.com/c93j2w
Most definitely time for bed, to dream nice dreams: the invention of calorie/sugarless strawberry creams! 
@mikeyway Cheetos help me think better 
@xoxosassy any FRUIT juice will do then 
@karmadillo - Stilton, crackers, red wine... I could go on :p 
in the apple storeeeee 
i love me my venti caramel light frapp. no whip. 
vanilla  citron with nutella was not that great 
Making blueberry muffins. 
@mayonaise94 absolutely  where are you from?
is eating brownies and drinking vitamin water with doodle. Haha. 
Is having a lemon drop martini    yummy
can't really believe i'm watching fireproof again. huh. at least i have my sabbath chocolate with me. 
@mcrfash1 BAHAHAHAHHAHA 0.o ... sorry. 2 Rockstars and ticktacks dont mesh. especially with iced tea that contains 20 packets of sugar 
'if he was an apple, he'd be a delicious' 
I just woke up and now I am drinking my milk 
went to dairy for tea bags, came home with lemonade, chocolate and bread lol, still thinking bout sex... 
making pancakes &amp; blueberry maple syrup from scratch....mmmmmm 
@RubyRose1 eat a lemon, and have a green tea with honey and lemon.  orrr, boil a pot of lemongrass and then go under a blanket that works
i made a chocolate banana smoothie tonight. It was delish!  maybe a strawberry one tomorrow? maybe with bananas too?
@andydick So proud of you! What kind of cereal?  LOL.
@lene85 suck on some lozzengers and tea with honey -hope you get better 
@hotpatootie have a gargle with some honey and lemon 
just had  a nice cheese omelet yes it 's  bad but good still waking up on my  2 coffee black one sugar 
@Shadez yeah, diet coke is better than water/soda + lemon cordial. also, gin + tonic water + soda + lemon cordial is a good low cal combo 
@sleepydumpling i can send virtual chocolate if it helps? 
honey loops 
is so lazzzyyyy.  http://plurk.com/p/oz5q1
Going to make a Hot Chocolate, and then visit my favourite music blog: http://www.moteldemoka.com/ 
eating a banana paddel pop 
eating chocolate eggs  yammi yammi 
@Shondavoo im so late shonda! lol...well im much better now! thanks to the choc milk 
@cdlowell glad I was there to help!! I'm serving my arms with peanut butter in a sarnie. 
Line at Flour was very long, but I stuck it out and was rewarded by exceptional baked goods. 
lemonade or orange juice.....now thats the question!!  xx
Its peanut butter jelly time!! 
@mydetails that's because you used water. Not milk. 
thinking about having bacon and eggs but cereal will do! 
eating chocolate.  Waiting for a sign. 
Eating strawberries and cream 
looves waking up to sunshine in a chocolate bar bed while being attacked by bear claws 
@EternalEsme his sound effects man is amusing too  and i enjoy his rhubarb and buttermilk biscuits fixations
Eating yummy mint icecream  
@jcpmcs hopefully the yums are similar to almonds and chocolate magic 
@petitegourmande  my furniture polish smells like vanilla and is made with olive oil and lemon...  yummy
just came out  of the spanish mass hopefully going to have icecream cake 
Making strawberry smoothies 
eating a apple 
bought my first mango 
Eating Cheetos 
drinking coca-cola that was opened almost a month ago. flat pop is so good 
@seshadriv  there is rice, vethakozhambu, and curd!!  maybe i can make vendakkai poduthuval
@cuppy since you are on a diet and all, feel free to send those peanut butter cookies my way  
@HONEYMATTHEWS toast with peanut butter and a large cup of tea 
is drinking honey water. 
@canele this time it's not the photo - def. the bread is that dark.  possibly because it's all brown sugar? texture = gingercake.
Chocolate cake this late? hmm who cares i'm gonna be eating good on the vacation anyway so it's allll good 
I really, really want milk tea. It'd make me super happy right now. Not that I'm sad, but milk tea sounds amazing. 
@elissabaxter blessed are the cheesemakers. 
i just ate a choc yoghurt 
i dont think vitagen works for me. its still yogurt smoothie.  yum yummmm.
@gulpanag the chocolate one was called kratos! 
@lollipop26 haha....yes that is very true. I turn up to work first thing looking like a strawberry  But its great for your skin.
my vlueberry yogurt: active cultures include lactobacillus, acidophilus and bifidobacterium. yumm  i love me some live bacteria in the ...
haha ryan i am drinking apple juice 
is very cold, i can tell winter is on its way :l    oh well it just means lots of cups of tea and hot chocolate 
cinnamon and spice oatmeal reminds me of elises house  yum
Drinking me some milk like the loser kid I am! 
Is in starbucks getting a strawberries and cream frappuccino yummm 
Just got up... Chocolate cheesecake for breakfast i think 
is burping orange juice burps and has orange juice heart burn, but hasn't had any orange juice in over a week. Concerned. 
@AgnesLevander I think, we should go sugar crazy!! 
scrambled eggs w/ ketchup, bagel w/cream cheese, banana and glass of milk =490 cals, every food group touched on....super full 
@RiddlerMusic BOVINE FREEEEEEEEEEEEEDOMMMMMMMMMMM  cereal killer 
my raspberry-peach smoothie tastes great 
so confused about everything.. watching juno with a strawberry &amp; banana smoothie 
gots the sniffles ughh.  i need me somee honey &amp; lemon. bestt rememdy 
@Doof108 Marmite, cheese and toast is my favourite 
mmmmmmmm Runts candy at 4am.  they have new flavors! green apple replaced lime and now grape.  I pick out all the pink ones  
good morning  peanut butter on toast. 
just had an apple, well you know what they say an apple a day keeps the doctor away 
@ImajicArt six mad hairs drinking tea out of butter cups. 
Making croissants and butter sponge for ginger bread men 
I love my daddy! He took me to foodtown 5mins before it closed to buy sugar for the brownies im making to take to Lucianes! 
was just beginning to feel peckish and low and behold, in walks postie with my graze box. Grapes, pecans/raisins, pistachios. 
just had a banana milkshake which I made myself 
Cereal for lunch, only cos I didn't have it for breakie. 
Not really a comfort eater, but tonight chocolate doughnuts and milk are making things better 
is getting ready to meet my honey 
@sekaijuu they're very easy  crescent rolls, apples, mt. dew, sugar, butter, cinnamon!
Just got home. Jello operated my backpack and it came back to life. It's dopeee. and aftersschooll was funnn  now im piging out moddahpoka
@kingdomfirstmom She had vanilla with sprinkles. 
Drinking grape juice and waiting for robot chicken to come on 
@Henryxi yummy! I like the classic strawberry cheesecake 
Lounging in my watermelon satin bra @ home with my honey...cutting up some yummy watermelon that I'm gonna eat with salt 
@johncmayer it's all about the cocoa puffs . . . After you eat them you get to drink chocolate milk! 
i love reese's peanut butter cups 
Lying in bed waiting for my hot chocolate to arrive! And watching inbetweeners 
@Bongchi - virtual chocolate milk - there you go! 
chocolate high. 
Just had a soft boiled egg  I need some hairspray?
yay oatmeal 
Some oatmeal w/raisins and a banana then off to the ball field! 
@HollytheHousewi ooooh good choice, I feel like blue-berry bubble gum flavour 
eating my favorite cereal 
@cocosbutter its chocolate candy for the win! who else has TWO triple crown winners in their bloodlines. 
@ashotbolt i'll have a wholewheat bagel w/ butter, chocolate chip cookie, hashbrown, apple juice 
eating yummy chocolate yogurt that my mami made 
i'm sucking on a bunch of mini blowpops. sour apple and blue raspberry 
@SeanBlanda - my last 3 - bowls of cereal 
Talking to my honey 
mmm ginseng &amp; ginger tea with honey 
@contentcottage A chocolate milkshake would have been delightful! 
http://twitpic.com/4dxf3 - The dice are symbolic of sugar cubes and angled to show 3 on each, as in 333,333 
Baking bitter almond cookies 
@ShelleyFOD. i want a caramel frapp! 
@ideasmithy Thayir sadam with mango pickles and the traditional citron one 
i wouldn't mind watching the derby while sipping on a mint julep 
mmm i love me some fake strawberries and whipped cream 
I love snow pea crisps.  http://yfrog.com/79fkpj
@Pistachio you should go to bed 
@zoosapari Can, but not too much *lol* From Ribena's ad in the 70s 
i'm on a raspberry-filled-chocolate-ravioli high 
@aaronbassett next to that my choice would be strawberries and whip cream 
@Suelibrarian recipe called for 1 cup raw sugar + 1 cup brown so I used 2 cups raw - seemed ok - though better if it had cooked properly 
@groton Sounds like someone needs a glass of warm milk (with secret ingredient, whiskey) 
@headlinepayoff I had the best of both worlds-tea and hot chocolate  yummmy.
Chocolate chip please  and I'm not too fond of soft and chewy cookies thaaannkkss
@Cereal_Killr LOL only &quot;here&quot; for a minute.. 
@aherne148 do you need to add milk? Lol 
@Cheekeebabe i having a hot chocolate  - hopefully it will get me over my craving
Drinking milk and eating yummy cookies  What a life.
at any rate though, cinnamon spice apple tea, warm, while reading the news, ummm, that's satisfying 
just had a very nice selfmade strawberry-banana-yoghurt smoothie 
@hilaryjp bring him/her over to me and mine will learn him/her how to swim, they are all nuts 
sour cream &amp; onion - mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmh 
has cold toes and milk bottles 
Is hopeing some of his friends get him cool shirts since he couldnt #bamboozle it like all them  ps fob. Nfg. tc!Tbs. Allong them lines 
@annarina stock up on 100 plus n pop some charcoal pills . It helps 
what could be better then chocolate milk and blue berry muffins? uhh nothing 
@valium_ eho poly sugar an theleis... 
@tommcfly me I love honey... 
ate 80% dark chocolate. love it more than milk chocolate now. part of my healthy regime. 
i am eating cheese. cheese is good. 
@KatInsane but I bet she doesn't make awesome carrot raisin bread 
Eating a bowl of Cheerios watching the kitten play. Not a bad way to start the day if you ask me. 
im eating a blueberry muffin and drinking milk 
@verbicidal all of them   The strawberries and cream is delicious.
i'm eating chocolate covered pretzels 
@AudreyHayden Lol, I would kill for some chocolate milk right now 
I love jamba juice 
@flossa good.   wanting to nom cereal.
@angelaschillaci are you getting the grilled cheese? 
To the creamery! 
eattinq apple sauce 
Making banana pudding 
now on to the peanut butter godiva chocolate 
is back on her healthy diet *hopefully*. having bananas and milk for breakfast 
@EdEntrepreneur It's a SiteWarming party that I'm hosting. They always trend!  We're helping @Kelloggs renovate fields 4 kids. #kelloggs
http://twitpic.com/4itr5 - ..if only i was gisele 
http://twitpic.com/4iusu - @ baskin robbins again  tax crunch &amp; choc n peanut butter xxx
Oatmeal raisin cookies with rootbeer kisses mmmm 
@teaandpetals I would be a muscat oolong w/dark cherries 
Sisters and I just made chocolate cupcakes with a dark chocolate mousse, pistachio, and whipped cream topping. 
tuna bean boat melts for lunch with raspberry vanilla smoothies, boys are so easy to feed 
@eonarts Yes, I ate a whole Dagoba chocolate bar and I just started working on the wine 
i have everyone here dipping their bananas in protein powder. . it was a brainwave of mine and its delish. . problem is its my protein 
yummy yoghurt 
@tjwislon hahahahaahahhaahhaahahahahhaahahah wow...I actually choked on my cocoa puffs on that one...funny joke 
making raspberry lemon muffins 
@Junebugged I have gummy bears, I will share the joy and maybe the sugar will make you crash.  
@sparkysgirl bear honey is adorable 
@n0tin I don't know yet. It's just beginning 
eating foo chow snacks..kompia n bubble milk tea..  
@jasoncastro *throws an apple* 
i have peanut butter and chocolate soy cream 
yummy,, salted peanuts!!  x
@ScottATaylor they are well thx for asking. I handfeed Mangosteen every day. 
@DavidArchie so what cereal do you usually like? 
Revelation: Strawberries and Nutella taste reeaaalllly good together... 
got hometh  armed with hair dye, a cherry ripe and cosmo 
@honey_buns awesome! thank you 
@orangeflowers  I've run out of earl grey, so having lemon tea instead, then whb for me too 
is eating chocolate ready break 
@siphotwit don't get impatient! for what? you have already sinned: strawberries with milk and sugar 
i reckon i could live of yogurt for a week if i had a good selection of flavors 
@wulffboy I'll give u an icecream ? 
eating Nesquick cereal - 1st time since i was like 10 - good times 
Mentally exhausted.  A cuppa right now with almond biscotti would be really nice. 
just helping myself to some caramel digestives 
@JamesMackney awww. rusks are good for tummy aches though :p try fennel or camomile tea  works. or obviously try ...
putting up a half naked dougie poster  i love sugar's ladmag 
@feelme i saw this 6 week diet that was no sugar, no rice, no wheat, no potatoes, as much protein as you want. So i just did no sugar. 
@dougiemcfly   god peppermint mochas frappachinos are amazing...  and addicting 
getting ready for summy yummy cocoa crispies 
@sadknob right now if be happy to win a packet of salt n vinegar crisps  or a new exhaust as mine fell off on the A1 !
@gfalcone601 salt and vinegar, cheese and onion make your breathe smell lol  xx
salt and vinegar 
@gfalcone601 cheese and onion crisps are the best  alice or rosalie cullen ?
@gfalcone601 salt and vinegar 
aaaaaah. that's better. a proper cup of cafe con leche with fat milk ... and a little bit of cinnamon sugar 
Eating Cadbury's Dairy Milk giant chocolate buttons. Those who say that one square of dark chocolate is more satisfying... are lying 
@merlehenge the lost cost is a total plus.  Nutella is like peanut butter mixed with chocolatey goodness. yumm. ^^
I want some grape juice. 
cotton candy milkshake 
@LifeByChocolate alredy had my chocolate  it is impossible to resist ;)
Pappadeux has some yummy strawberry lemonade 
Is warm soy milk and amazake with cocoa powder and agave 
eating oreos and milk 
@pameladetlor aw honey... you just relaxin? That's probably for the best. 
@casndra okayy mail me thenn  Lol im hyperrr too much candy &amp;&amp; Jello x]
does it get much better than king of queens and some honeycomb knock-off cereal? 
http://twitpic.com/4wgoi - At bus boys and poets ordering medici and white chocolate banana bread pudding @kspidel!! 
about to drink a hot chocolate  yummy.
having coffee with bread. peanut butter today! 
eating some dark chocolate peanut m&amp;ms 
@scottrmcgrew honey is great for your health! 
@amygrant Chocolate with peanut butter. One of my favorite combonations 
just finished baking some cinnamon rolls   soooo yummy!
enjoying lazying around eating roses chocolates  x
just got home from work.... and is chugging down a big bottle of apple juice. 
@TheRealIngrosso is nto milk deffo! 
@wolfkitten Should be drank with sugar and milk, not coffee. You have coffee on my brain. 
actually loves nesquik cereal 
you are my apple and i wana take a bite 
is ready for watching the formula 1... choc biscuits, some squash all whilst wrapped up in bed 
eating chocolate 
recovering from the 10k, just eaten peanut butter &amp; banana buttie! completed in 1hr 3mins, v pleased with myself ! 
watching charlie and the chocolate factory on channel 5  and having a bad cough now! damn
@johnnycchang too much sugar and cookies! 
but whatevs, i love the damn song - and the sugar free fairie brought me my diet coke 
Just ate some oatmeal.. it was delicious 
sugar rush.. i feel all hyper all of a sudden. ;) whats the cure of sugar rush? 
@PhilipNowak that's a whole lot of sugar and acidity.....add some veggies and protein 2day 
@joek949 apple juice all the way m'dear 
lovely dinner but now am awaiting the pineapple 
@markhoppus Chocolate chip cookies :] I think that's how it ends... 
my computer is fixed!! yay  and i did it all by myself. drinking a chocolate milkshake and studying for spanish
enjoying a cup of Organic Egyptian Chamomile tea. What a great evening tea!  Going to write a review about it...
hot cheetos and an icy cold cup of cran-grape juice 
I am having a apple martini 
@kolsch she's giving us the raspberry!! 
I had a poppy bagel with cream cheese and lox today and it was really good 
Oh and eating kettle corn and mint chocolate chip ice cream 
My girl is so sweet she doesn't need sugar for her coffee. She just stirs it with her finger and makes everything perfect 
@KaiserWillis I love cream soda!  I haven't had one in so long, though. I should remedy this.
@tikuyuz I think it will.. if you put some extract virgin oil! 
watching MythBusters and eating an apple. 
i might make a strawberry smoothie and call it a night.  
odwalla vanilla &amp; soy milk drink.  mmm. thanks safeway.
@petrilude me, tooo. Cheese curds and oreos 
Pistachio is coming back tomorrow 
being awake at ridiculous hours is becoming very inconvenient. in other news i just ate some cereal.. mmmm kellogs fruit n fibre 
I just ate a delicious strawberry tart. 
yummo just ate a chocolate yogurt 
Making cinnamon rolls 
drinking a swedish sparkling cider... lingonberry-apple sparkler... muy intersante... 
@sriiniivas oh yeah. that was totally true, except if i did that, i would end up in jail and suffer @nandiniv chocolate fantasy 
eating chocolate 
still on a high  damn you sugar
@hypnophil yes please, milk &amp; 1 sugar thanks  
@SharonGaskin plenty of hot water here  and some chocolate fairy cakes freshly made :-D
Ribena + tea + ska provided by @tetloose = conducive work environment 
eating sweet corn w/ butter. 
I'm eating and i'm drinking milk 
my mommy makes the best cinnamon sugar muffins in the world 
I woke up late this mornig, I'm just eating  fluffy strawberry yogurt 
@johncmayer no. I love milk and cereal.  it would be great.  .:why:.
@johncmayer HAHA yes! cereal is a sure go  and fruit loops okay?!
@lizstrauss I do have same energy because I ate my Cheerios today. 
@sulineats I usually pack grapes to help with hydration. have fun! 
@johncmayer I would absolutely let u climb into bed with cereal and milk 
@stephie_a lemon cream cheeeseeeee  then give us all some! 
I'm thoroughly convinced that a good cold glass of chocolate milk is a cure-all 
How about a mix of fresh mangoes + jackfruit icecream as dessert  sounds yummy #fb
I think it's safe to say the raisins taste like raisins. 
The darker the berry, the sweeter the juice 
Chocolate is selling like crazy during this recession. Why does that not surprise me? 
@thegrates http://twitpic.com/5a2vm - that apple juice is amazing!! its genius really, apple in the form of liquid!! i love it!! 
@SeriousBlak when you black out it could be a lack of electrolytes drink salt water with lemon or gatorade and properly hydrate n shit 
eating peach yogurt. mmm... 
@sunnyX__X soooo good. had roasted banana and balsamic strawberry! well worth the line 
@manicmai HAHA nope, honey bunches of oats 
Chocolate wafers and a cold glass of lemonade in a hot sunny day 
[-O] @moonfrye Reeses peanut butter cups!! Wish they made them like 'Reeses peanut butter BARS!'  http://tinyurl.com/q4paof
watching the telly eating chocolate 
gobbling down a tasty strawberry donutt! It doesnt get tastier! 
@kelisha try mashed banana and custard 
@moonfrye lemongrass with honey 
About to get ready to have breakfast with my honeys! 
eating salt and vinegar crisps with chopstickks 
you dum dum give me gum gum 
is drinking some good ol' coca-cola... 
In a fruity mood. I have strawberries and a orange 
@godamnarmsrace I prefer 'special' as opposed to nuts 
My youngest is just licking the powdered sugar off the top of her beignets... Rrr.. what a waste! 
6 crackers with blue cheese. Oopsies! 
@laursmith I prefer a little more sugar a little more spice! *wink* What can I say hippie at heart. 
@lareine27 i am! im pmsing too. must be in the water.  i bought chocolate and caramel mixed pudding.... heavenly!!
@xxxSupermodel what drink you getting?  I love the white chocolate mocha   listen to any birds singing lately?
@thelostdot I don't do hot drinks,can I suggest an ice smoothie - mango&amp;passion fruit flavoured 
is home alone! and is going to go eat some chocolate 
. . . consuming large amounts of caffine in coffee or hot chocolate form, who doesn't want  to do that? 
@molenik thank you honey! 
made peanut butter buckwheat pancakes &amp;strawberry, blueberry, granola and vanilla yogurt parfaits for breakfast yum 
off to watch 90210 and lost and eat wheat bix 
yay! caprisun. i love those... fruit punch is my favoriye 
@emily83176 It's hard to beat a good banana too. 
http://twitpic.com/5dd5z - ok, it's a little burnt, but dericious. peanut butter and jelly and banana sandwhich 
http://twitpic.com/5deel - Making cinnamon swirl bread 
Eating trix cereal  they disappoint me. I liked how they use to be cool shapes, now they're just puffs.
Be sure to drink your Ovaltine! 
@the_resolution chocolate chip and sugar 
in my bikini making myself a drink... (2 parts absolut citron + 1 part lychee syrup) over ice. top with slice of cucumber    http://yf ...
@spd06rcr ooh what's it called? I got the milk coffee with jelly 
@cmmoxley That's the same that I wrote down out of the book except mine has 2 &quot;heaping&quot; Tablespoons of cocoa 
i am craving a strawberry pop tart... 
Peaches n' cream oatmeal 
Fruity pebbles!! 
@IreneKoehler come by for come chocolate pasta, fresh berries, and goat's milk ricotta for lunch 
@rowent how sweeeeet  I long looking through the old yearbooks...too classic ^^ ooooh you've made me feel like strawberry milkshake and
So damn tired.... And I would love a giant glass of iced tea right now! Or some grape draaank! 
About to get some cereal. 
@tgrl89 sure! I have chow mein, monglian beef, honey walnut shrimp, and fried rice. 
@sirmax70 ...Not even a raisin. 
I got a new puppy. He is so cute his name is Chocolate 
@starri228 any milk and cookies b4 bed?  
made honey whole wheat bread today. the best I've made so far! ah, I love baking 
about to dig into wheat free gluten free and dairy free cookie dough ice cream  . . .
I want big apple! It makes me happy 
so i like tofu cake and dirt chocolate and coconut water...sounds normal to me 
i'll bring back coffee. 1 black. straight. no sugar. 1 2creams. 1sugar. and one. i.have.no.clue. 
@radiojen lol. You might be better off with coconut juice!  How long have you been in sgp?
@geertdesager that's the spirit   I'll try to store some interesting dark chocolate bars in their luggage soon
There is no substitute for hard work... Except for Chocolate!! 
@meislila with cream cheese  *semakin menyiksa diri*
just made some mango pickle with mom... will carry some to bombay with me 
whoeva invented apple juice  #whocangetit 
chocolate pudding is yumyumyum! 
@bekimarie Thanks for suggestion, tried hot choc and it did help! Not the same as a huge bar of dairy milk but nice anyway 
@__MiO__ The last one... 
@socialpr Tiramisu Milk Shake. It's yummy and helps me de-stress very well... 
@insidebooks ah! I prefer my tortilla chips with mango jam. I always found mint dip too similar to toothpaste 
@Roughlyhuman never to early for chocolate 
listening to the song sugar 
@shailaja on the lemon 
Just ate half a block of chocolate. I am such a fattttyyyyy 
I just accidently dropped my wotsits in my mint areo hot chocolate, and they actually tasted nice afterwards! 
@libbyoliver fresh lemon and garlic, hint of basil 
just had a chocolate shake... delicious 
is sat in teaspoons 
@ebmuftuoglu who bites you without any mark honey 
existing on a diet of opiates and weak lemon drink does wonders for your productivity... Or maybe I just think it does 
Eating chocolate truffles and sourtapes. 
@jason_2008 LOL aw thanks...no sugar and nearly black then please...hate too much milk! 
@stewartcutler butter, mmmmmm lemon and basil butter 
Eating cereal. 
Marmite on toast with a coffee makes office life seem so much better 
@FilmLadd lol have a glass of water and a raisin oatbran muffin 
@CiscoLaRisco Norwish? Norwish? I am going to smack you. I could bring you some Finnish chocolate... 
just finished eating banana...maybe will work now 
@juniperus aww those kids...  I'm good, sipping my iced chocolate and pretending to be working!
@marios i'm doing 3 a day, excluding weekends. 2 tea spoons coffee, 1,5 tea spoon sugar + milk. just trying to measure drinking intervals 
really tired . eating apple chips 
i'm eating snacks and drinking orange juice  yumm!
@anmathews7154 only as we get older honey!  J/K  
i want a glass of milk 
@may_habib make sure you don't crash! And by that I mean continue to ingest chocolate until bedtime 
banana butties 
@Vangillia no, not really... too many sugars. only if my blood sugar is low 
is eating chocolate 
@EMarketingGuru I don't know my chocolate lab lies around alot 
free muffins and juice 
@iampritty G'Morning sweet pea 
@CASHUSCREAM hey there sexual chocolate caramel whip cream delight  me &amp;  @LatinaNichelle4 we're just talking about you lol
chopped up banana &amp; cornflakes, breakfast of champions  Your ratio of potassium to salt should be at least 5:1 - get healthy
Baking some almond &amp; chocolate chip biscotti for my mom 
Eating a banana 
I'm eating Cocoa Puffs for breakfast 
@darcchancer you ate them now. And the icecream I bought 
I'm eating Cocoa Puffs for breakfast  http://twitter.com/ewwitsclare/statuses/1835973597
@samneal Thanks for the Cocoa Puffs 
@siobhanvivian That's what you get for bragging about your yogurt with honey and bananas before 8:40. 
Hot pecan banana bread right out of the oven! Now that's what I call good! 
eating strawberries.. yum 
@twinkiechan It is sticky, isn't it? But I really like that it makes my lips look like sugar frosting. 
I'm .. Chocolate .. high 
@melodyee oh ice coffee is my fav flavored milk, soft drink dr pepper  and juice apple juice  coz orange juice and milk go yuckky
Oh...also bought a bag of fizzy candies...Tangfasticgnammy... 
i feel like eating some strawberry strings [idk the name] candy 
yawn, breakfeast was sooo good, hash-browns with a omlet, and fresh cherry juice 
@PhlaymzGudMoney I don't! Becuz I love pickle juice! 
@RnBKha no ofcourse not sugar plum 
Just finished with Dairy Milk for second consecutive day.. yumm... and i still ve one more Fruit and Nuts staring at me..  nyum nyum..
cream cheese and pesto is like spinach and feta - made to be together 
i could definitely get the butter out of you baby!  
@bradiewebbstack yes bradie your being talked about :o lol. well i have err good music, milo cereal and some passionfruit drink :o i win 
@londonbusred I am so going to get it. It will be my no-sugar exception. 
Dreaming about apricots... 
@ginoandfran ill bring you guys chocolates when i visit pinas. 
@rosalindc i'm eating a chocolate and coconut scone 
And it's not just any chocolate. It's Belgian chocolate 
I love milk  It tastes so goooood 
@tessthetraveler LOL that sounds nuts but I won't judge until I have sampled those so called delicatable flavours myself 
ordered cable movie &quot;the women&quot; sitting by myself eating chips &amp; drinking lemon lime bitters.  mm fun
I like ROLO chocolate milk and having a Chocolate chip cupcake for the morning. 
eating Maltesers. haha  chocolates.. mmm 
I looove my chocolate milk 
..@davork What about a chocolate pear tiger beer smoothie? Why did that sound better in my head? 
@pkellypr @teabags18 I second that! 
@SquareJaw I like slugs. They taste like chocolate 
@vickytcobra i hope you feel better  and i would bring you some lemons and honey if i wasnt forever away!
@niftynique You're officially invited to my pity party. On the menu: chocolate, chocolate &amp; how about some chocolate? 
writting a letter to my honey..for my farewellness. lol i love him soo much! 
Enjoying my cinnamon frappe 
@nomadpete possibly the yummiest chocolate buttons i've ever tasted... 
yummy.. peanut butter and starbucks..  what else?
Yes that is my son and not some random milk carton kid 
@donnbh I would love to think the walnut cheesecake is healthy *lol* maybe just the walnut 
mmmmmm strawberries with splenda 
coconut flavoured coffee -- mmmmm taste like sunscreen and vacation 
http://twitpic.com/5oz77 - Just for you 
@sianknitter mmm i bloody love cherry beer! peach is also pretty fantastic 
Just put a fresh peace of gum in my gum paper 
drinking sugarfree red bull. 
sugar cookie = amazingggg i love them 
@SuzanneReed I aim to please sugar 
new tv show addiction = greek.  new ice cream addiction = chocolate covered peanut butter pretzel 
[15] triple shot tall ice soy mocha.  yum. 
bought some more spray paints too, im tellin u creative juices is flowin so i jumped up &amp; got the supplies 
a bowl of fruit, a cup of jasmine tea, a nice comforter blanket and an attentive kitty  getting a little better.
@enricoeric: I knew you'd like that  hawaiian style shoyu-sugar-catsup LOL
nescoffee plus bear brand plus 2 packets of sugar = yummy coffee! bear brand actually makes good substitute for creamer. 
@lothomz apple sour punch and orange-peach-mango juice 
@kevinyeoh @joycethefairy isn't is kinky blue bananas? 
@tommcfly ... with milk 
Just had to use liquid measuring cup 4 dry ingredients (cocoa powder)--nearly went into cardiac arrest. 
@kamakacci_juice  didn't mean to be a jerk but Sykeee! i'm still in MTrL 
Kahlua. you are so gooood with strawberries, sour cream, and brown sugar. oh yessss! 
chocolate milkshake 
@Jrog83 look at us. so smug with our no sugar added 
I have a toffee apple, its incredibly sickly sweet, sticky and very delicious 
i hate icecream!.. 
O_o.....once again, I'm sick.....I need to start hitting that orange juice man  I need vitamin c
just made a banana peanut butter smoothie. Surprisingly good. 
@AdamHaynos i actually did watch food network today which was good. i invented my own granola, frozen vanilla yogurt, and apple desert, 
@thenovastudio mmm yummy you got the chocolate mint creme - one of my favorite products 
is eating chocolate 
hot chocolate is truly great 
made lemonade with the rest of the lemon and sugar from the pancakes 
@leezadlf lol. no it was a decaf organic green tea with milk. o di ba caffeine-free. 
@taratomes I'm with you on that one, honey 
@manthedan trader joe's has the BEST snacks. you should try the freeze dried bananas, too! so much healthier than regular banana chips 
is having pain du chocolat, chocolate soy milk and pea pods for a late dinner.  Yummmm.  
@xbrookecorex I DO like the coconut flakes...very scrubby 
@adelgabot We have cheeseburgers, apple pie and soda  *shares*
I'm eating cheezits...with TWO flavors!  sharp cheddar &amp; parmesan. :-D
