Most common words for this cluster:
[('church', 464), ('today', 43), ('home', 21), ('morning', 19), ('way', 18), ('day', 15), ('tomorrow', 12), ('lol', 11), ('service', 10), ('funerals', 8), ('family', 7), ('pastor', 7)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'church', 0.9392822980880737), (u'congregation', 0.7449207901954651), (u'churches', 0.7194560766220093), (u'Church', 0.6980097889900208), (u'parishioners', 0.687677264213562), (u'chuch', 0.6684679985046387), (u'parishoners', 0.6639279127120972), (u'Catholic_Church', 0.6602890491485596), (u'congregations', 0.6581187844276428), (u'parish', 0.6420935392379761)]





@kellymreynolds yep...it's been 6 weeks  A lady at our church is watching her.
ugh i hate funerals 
is on her way to church. missing ate ivy  http://plurk.com/p/oxu4g
- why i'm already contemplating skipping church? heathen status 
is getting ready for church, deleting her facebook today 
going to church then a wedding. will be home around 7. 
Sheesh...we overslept for church  I'm saddened
Just got up getting ready for church...my son is really cranky this morning!!! 
Not going to church today.  I just dont feel right. 
Going to church in 15 minutes! 
isn't going to church. im not feeling well 
We are not going to church this morning  BigL still has no control over tummy issues flaring up.
considering skipping church which is something i never do... but i have a headache! 
Going to church in a couple of minutes 
@phanxhunter i wish, but im leaving for church soon. The next time i could call you would be 715ish when confirmation is over. 
bored out my mind at church  ughh
Going to church. I have so much sleep to catch up on, and english homework. 
is wondering why church isn't streaming live today. 
I missed church because I overslept 
missed church so now am sad   just out side bored lol someone tweet back and tell me what church was about today
Should be heading to church but I'm not 
Working on the sabbath 
sad i missed church  body still aching
Two hours til church (: And I have to go now 
was at meetings at church all afternoon and then felt too sick to stay for actual church. 
going to church, someone just told me even if i lived there permenantly it won't be enough to be forgiven for all my sins 
Why does the church choir always sound so bad? 
going to church then rowing then homework 
was disappointed with the participation at church last night. It's like they were all in a trance...no clapping...very little singing! 
@bluenilequeen I would lov2e to be going to church. But.. unfortunately I have to work.   cooking? I wish!
Going to drop my sister at church then out driving. 
On my way to my interview, missed church  rawr
- I miss going to church - ugh. I need to find a new church asap - working on plans for my last week of placement so sad 
is up while the rest of the family sleeps!  No church today d/t a funeral 
My mom pinched me because i was falling asleep in church  i feel awful but i didn't have my coffee 
Overslept and missed church...soooooo not cool! 
just woke up, i miss church 
Going to church with a huge headache.  
@hollywoodintern I won't b @ my church 4 the next 3 Sundays 
I forgot to set my alarm and I slept through church 
Rushing to print 100 flyers for my project and pass em out at church before its out.  its almost 12
Home from church! I didn't expect it to go the way it did! I felt soooo... alone for some reason! 
I just saw that boy who carries the radio around school! He goes to my church ! He's not the same without his radio 
home from church. i hate the rain 
Balling...funerals are so sad 
@tvanderwell As said by a lifelong Episcopalian that is watching his church disappear. 
@terivalente how was it? i really wanted to go, but money is so tight right now with me and our church 
I feel bad my hubby has to go clean at the church tonight all by himself 
says just back from church.. Now waiting for a meeting.. Fiuuuhh 
@vegastaxidriver Thanks! I hope I feel better soon, too.  I had to skip church tonight b/c I'm coughing so much. 
@soaps3 Me too  I am a bad daughter, no church going for me. I hope to sleep until noon again tomorrow, lol
off to church, alooone.. huhu 
Its cold and I get to walk 2 miles to church...burrrr 
Headed to church. ugh. 
Going to church with @jimboruski, visiting my mother, and then work. 
Is off to that lame worship place  lol bell choir
Going to church at 10am 
Off to church then will make the plans for this weeks videocast, It will be at a new location tonight 
I've been to church for like 4 hours,  don't get me wrong, its great, but when you're hungry and haven't slept enough, its kinda boring
Heading to work. Really sad about missing church today. 
At parents church sitting behind a lady with a tamberine who doesn't know tempo!  http://twitpic.com/4x5i1
Sitting in church... still 20 minutes to go. And I'm tired from staying up nearly all night... 
........just got home from church..... 
Not going to church tomorrow, too tired 
  i hope everyone is at church so i can just go to my concert in peace on wed.  dont have to worry about rushing back to church to visit
I don't feel so well!! I think I may be getting the flu  We'll see bout church in the morning!!
Going to church, no matter the reason, always makes me depressed.  going home to stew in my backslidedness.
@heidimontag watching snl and then going to bed  church in the morning!
will be missing church and everything else today  stupid cold!
of to church...emilys later to project. if i finish ill be at youth tonight. but its highly unlikely. 
With the brothers at church 
Man it is SO dead on the internet today.  Everyone's gone to church and left me at the synagogue. 
wish i could be at church. 
I have to work today and miss church. 
Ah fk I hate going to church. I am so not a holy person! 
off to our last time at our church!!! 
I didnt get a lot of restful sleep...AND I missd church. 
My mom left for church without me 
Getting ready to leave church 
Relaxing Accidently missed church  my alarm didn't go off.
@ayenakocarmina Srry your best friend wasn't at church today.  
On my way to church. Yipeee 
I've left 3 time now...only to be back again, I'm going to be late for church 
I was supposed to be in church 
@jakki53 hahah i freakin wish..i have to go to lunch at grandmas and then church 
@derekwm yes sir!  It was awesoem except I missed church 
got back from church i broke her foot when i caught the holyghost 
@xSTiKzx U r omg well i am going to church in a sec because my neighbor died she 100 
@rachelongkili haha you were on one of your spontaneous trips to melb, and giving me a hug at church and then you disappeared! 
my church burned down...   
@JellieBraden boo.  paperwork isnt as fun as church #justsayin
Going to church at 8, cause my hair woke me up at 4. haha 
i dont like funerals 
@jimmycarr I've been sat sunbathing in the bombed out church all day and left and missed you 
@temple3000 starbuck 
I hate funerals. 
I'm at church now..bout to od on my smoothie bc it might be melted when I come back 
how bad has life gotten where u  werecounting on the church50\50 raffle? the answer is real bad 
missing my granpa, goingo to church, its been two hard months without him!! 
I am so stressed out right now.   Should be some great stuff happening at church when I am this stressed...
PMike and Ketsia were here, bittersweet because I was glad to see them but it made me realize how much i really miss everyone, and church 
i think i'd rather be at the meeting than going to church  it's too early!
packing  ... then going to the church to play volleyball!
On my way to church...it hurts to talk 
I wish I could be at the worship team picnic.  
in my dads office at the church studying for my lit and english exmas tommorow this weeks is where my hell begins 
@greysails why are you sad?  see you at church later?
about to go to bed. i have to work at church tomorrow 
I could'nt go to church today.. 
Not as fun as it couldve been at church  valerie wasn't here!
Parents makin me go to bed b/c church tomorrow. Couldn't play call of duty 4 w/ him b/c his disc was messed up! 
Heading off to bed, I have church tomorrow  its always so boring.
@afaustino22 ah you suck akeem! i really really wanted to go!  i ended up going to a wedding and then with harjas to the homeless shelter.
church this morning... really bad tummy pains though 
says sorry jesus i skipped church today, hope you understand 
@janaspyjamas i'm never singing with you in church choir ever again!   
fainted in the church. 
getting ready for mom's church &amp; my glasses broke !? 
missed church again 
had a ossim night at church, but needs to study Japanese now 
On my way to work ... No church today 
Getting ready for church with dad   then eating with grandparents. another sad thing.
@sheszladii Lol @ and works!! Probably so girl it's terrible to see a church up in flames  A lot of churches are getting built lately.
i went to church and couldn't find the service? this sounds like a terrible metaphor, but it's true 
i am sooo disappointed! second city used to have a free church service on sunday mornings and they don't do it any more.   
going to church, and then taking my sister to the airport...I wont see her again till' august 3rd 
missing church today  makes me sad
I am now being dragged along to church..fun. 
Just got back from church. Getting ready for brunch. Wish @aftertedfingers could join us... 
church for almost 2 hours  :@ eww.
Just got a ticket for going 44 in a 30 on my way to church 
going to church without mom today....she's too sick. 
Is pissed forgot to set my alarm for church I really wanted to go this weekend too 
Missing church.    ill tell you why later.
  My new car was stolen....by my mother who wanted to go pose at church.
No church on Sundays feels wierd. What is there to do? I wish I had someone to go to breakfast with 
Is at church for @garygibson last day as Fumc pastor 
at work, wishing i was at church and than at home 
Enjoying how slow Sundays are at work since I am here and not at church 
@megelin is drawing pictures of the devil in church 
and im late for church  had to get my sister and nephew
Just got out of church yah pastor wasn't there today  sermon wasn't as good
wishing I could be at church to watch all the confirmands get confirmed but instead getting ready to put in a 9 hour shift 
@ZanTruluck It was just very off today. And I looooove church. I think there a stampede getting out. 
says nalulungkot ako.. every church needs discipleship..  http://plurk.com/p/xgc6v
@rsylvester I am heading up to the church to see what I can see; will post the pictures if they let me any where near... 
aww! so sad my pastor's leaving  
@sachko going to church and its not the same when you're gone...life's not the same. 
i just got back from singng at a church... it was really boring!!! 
NO! i forgot about church until it was too late 
@writesfortea one reason i still go to that church is because our pastor is really awesome. The organist is too but he's leaving 
@renesmeee no  we went 2 church 2day and now we might Bar-B-Q...
@VernishiaRenee --I'm at that mid-deployment home-sick moment where I'm really really missing my church!  wish I could &amp; get a good sermon
Some older woman just commited suicide behind the building where we were at church  the sad things of this world we need prayer.
church was prrty good 2day now i have 2 go home and write another essay 
Abortion doctor killed in church...irony apparently lost on shooter. 
How many ministers with pro-life views get shot? This is disgusting - and it happened when he was at church. 
Home from church and about to go to work 
I miss my internet at church 
@adamsmith I saw a lobster-colored woman at church this morning and thought of you.  
@slicKGilchrist yeah i was mad late for church too! 
ah i hate when i dont feel good  an i hate it more when i miss church
@meln4 I doubt u'll b a bridezilla....there was one episode that was at my church....i haven't seen it again tho 
But i am at church feel so down 
Last day of church til july. 
Just found out my pastor's leaving the church.  He will be missed.
@DevineNews i think the tweet in church thing is goin a lil too far, church isnt meant for social networking... 
He doesn't want a church wedding, I thought it was all about the bride to be dreams, guess not 
dear haley, i can't. I gots my church 
Is really bored at his sisters first communion meeting. I really don't like being the oldest child.  C4rLo5
im too old to go church tonight  they need organise old peoples fun night at church both sexes!!!!!!!
just got home going back to the church in a but 
Having a church finance meeting.  ughh!!  
I hate funerals. So sad 
@MukhtarD lame  What's with all the funerals lately!
watching tennis...wishing i was playing with some pplz from church... 
just passed the place where my old church camp used to be. sadness. 
@priest801 weekend for you = work for me 
....If i am going warsal that means no church in the morning if i dont go church but i think it imporant to see my nan coz she go cancer 
I can't believe im up this early for church. And I can't believe he didn't call me 
is going to church..  last mass here.  http://plurk.com/p/yyh2y
rushing off to church...late as always 
Oh man the fire alarm has gone off at the church 
i cant go to church tonighhht 
Apparently, we have a new bishop at church. This makes me sad, as we don't know this new guy. Andd.. I haven't been to church in a while. 
I'm excited to get to sleep in tomorrow. I dont have to be at church until second service. I'm missing my sunday party kids already. 
is preparing for the big wake up. I'm going to church 1st, then it's off to work  I'll pray for you all.
@AshMsPrototype I should but I gotta b up and ready for church in the morning 
@aspenglow i will be there as soon as I can after church tomorrow. do you have a truck? i'm sorry this has been such a horrific move 
Sitting in church, someone just got baptised. lol I wanna go back to sleeeeeep. 
Up too late for church again. 
hey whats up??? , church was so very long !!!!  
is at kirsties, the church was shut.  so no candle lighting!
@minunianda have good fellowship at church ..can't go have to work 
Please don't be offended if I don't tall to you at church today.  I sound awful 
No church today  I'm on my way to work, late.
Heading to church... Never got an answer 
Waking up for church 
Majorly overslept  won't make it to wellspring, so rushing to get ready for college church
church.. brunch then airport to drop someone off 
I can't find anyone to cover for me @ the church so I have to say bye to chad early 
Wishes he was at church 
there's this party we're going to, on a church square, but it's raining so hard 
Is having some issues...so no church this morning. 
Really wish I could have gone to church today 
sitting in a catholic church for my brothers first communion.. not my cup of tea.. i miss my church 
@kcoleman956 my church kicked me out silly! And no fire outside today cause it rains 
Feeling guilty for missing church... 
slept so late, i missed church  i have no clue what's going on with me.
Missed church cuz I overslept 
I wish I was at church. 
should be going to church but really late 
Is staying home from church 
i couldnt go to church with alejandra   !!!!!!!
Missed church  I was so tired. Not where I want to be right now but thankful for everythng He has done for me and where I knw he is tkn me
at church...not feeling very well at all 
No church today 
I soooooooo wish I went to church today 
church was great today!  miss being @ church. in stl!  
Sitting in church waiting for my dad 
Still fcking sick &amp; my mom didn't wake me up for church 
just waking up..i missed out on church 
I should have gone to church. 
i hate funerals! 
Ugh feeling sick and cant go to church today... 
@Parcells I don't go to catholic church  but ur welcome to come to lucnh I hit u up earlier its taking u this long to respond lol
Just got to church im sitting by myself 
just came from church and lunch! Now to be productive 
itting in church... ugh. And hella tired.  lol.
sitting in church... ugh. And hella tired.  lol.
They fired my grandpa from church, the guy who owns it is racist  He put my grandpa on the spot at church,people backed my gramp up though
Heading off to church. To bad it's hotter out now then it ever was earlier 
@SuperPastor well no NASCAR at church must go home 
@phamtamm you're right  I need to start attending church more.
church tyme wid the fam! hit the celly! 
@Wowena just got home from church? What was going on at church this late?  I didn't go today 
@feeband I'd kill to be in a choir and do that....but alas my church has no choir 
I miss going to church. 
i think they will actually make me depressed because i don't have any.   the little ones @ church call me mama and they act like they
@JoshHighland I miss you and I miss church at home 
Someone save me from learning about church history..  it's beyond boring..
@heypbj sorry I didn't let you do it in church 
I hate the fact that my mom won't let me go to the church that I want to. 
I'm just listenin to my prayer n worship cd BiZniS   come to church wit me!!
Economic justice candle on altar is burning black now 
I think the church bells are clinging for my grandma 
i just got done doing community service, uhg  i didnt know churches had so many problems   oh well
is at church. All by himself. 
i miss church  but i got my first paycheck today so yayyyyyy
seriously has the flu   sweating like a whore in church.
@masterluke103 especially here in fl some of the smaller churches leave me feeling so spiritually empty worse off than when I got there 
I hope going to church 
I've been going to too many funerals lately 
@MissDiVaDEE LoL cypress hill doesn't exist anymore they built a shul synagogue over it 
@Gardenwiseguy just at church  would like to play a lot more!!!!
I'm just sad I might have to miss a friend's ordination to the priesthood tonight. 
i think she left to church she didn't even say bye 
@dantheWOman I just realized, I have to help at a car wash for church tomorrow 
well i survived vbs! i am very tired but i will miss some of the kids that came but does not go to our church 
@samnaka I miss being on the worship team with you guys 
just saw people bringing a casket into a church 
road kill. no picnic @ church. 
wants to go back to church camp I miss it 
@tommcfly Now that i'm leaving to the church to thank for seeing you, thomas fletcher  arrive. I hate u, tom 
church in spanish feels forever n i still have about half to go. 
At church. Why are we here again? It's too early to be awake... 
A visit to church reminds me why I dont visit church anymore.    I still have the same life goals just done thru different avenues
@b_club well I'm outta this contest! I got church then! 
@evilgurl I think I'll attempt church, and then back to bed/couch for sure  xoxooxoxox
Not sleep yet and it don't look like I'm goin to church tomorrow  ugh!
@SEXYTIMElove actually i didn't even see him @ church today 
I will not be a church tomorrow..  got business to take care of 
i should be sleeping  running with ashley in the morning! then church.
sleepy at church  i'll have coffee intravenously laterz
Totally overslept and missed church!! 
Sitting in nursery with my son at church because no leaders are here. What's up with that? 
has returned from church and is feeling ill 
Just about ready for church.. I can't find my shoes. 
or I will not be going to church on account of ride not feeling well 
I was on the verge of passing out inside the church earlier. 
Is at church battling this cold 
heading to church. just realized what day it is... hope the sermon doesnt hurt me too bad. 
can't go 2 #church 2day due 2 a arm problem 
not at church this morning, again 
@toneloc8011 aww no  that's why i love my church, service starts at noon!!
I am tired and I want a ride to church 
Going to church.. 
At dads going 2 church miss u all 
is church, celebrating matthew's baptism. then studying for the math b. till i die. ugh. 
@taylorholm i'm so jealous. I'm headed to church and i have to read. 
Is at church sitting by herself.   needs to get friends her own age.
@mnbarnette I'm going to miss you at church today 
  I wanna be at home @ church...I wonder wht they are doing?
I over slept and they didnt take me to church with them 
I don't feel like moving..I wanna stay in bed, but I have church 
Just woke up...bahhh,I missed church! Not happy 
My priest is leaving my church. I've never felt so abandoned. 
getting ready for church...i HAVE to do a poem b/c i kno its not just me, but old ladies just volunteer you!! its really sad 
done with church. i wanna go back to chapel!! 
Going to church  i'm so tired
wellll i just woke up, and i don't want to fucking go to church  ahhhhhh i'm super tired :/
Just jumped off something i shouldnt have at the church barbeque i think sprained both my ankles 
will not be at church today because i work 11-3 
i HAAAAAAAAATE going to church 
Going to church. I smell like a guy 
Not feeling motivated for the day  Hopefully church will get me going.
Is front row center at church by myself  happy to be here finally but sad to be alone
 late to church again.
On my way to church hill to chill with family until the repast. 
needs to not be working late and needs to be headed to church. 
Still wishing she was at church camp.  
Why is my church not my church anymore? 
no church, miss my emmie 
no body church can save us from bancrote 
going to church 
going to church. 
Just got snapped by @beckycallender for not paying attention in church. That's what friends are for 
I really need to get the church bulletins designed and printed for the morning service.... been too busy making a stuffed monkey! 
off to bed. church in the morning. 
about to get ready for church. maybe we'll watch a concert of a local band later. 
going to church. 
@cameronreilly I would indeed be in agony. I spank my students enough for playing out of tune, no need to step inside a church to do it. 
is up and excited for her bday surprise after church 
@demonwarb I would TOTALLY join your church, are only particular Sundays chocolate chip? 
headin' off to church! 
prayin that a co-worker will answer his phone and get his butt in church with me today!!! have offered a free lunch after church also  
Is goin to church 
going to church 
taking my hostee to the station before church.. yet again another long day 
Off to church! 
Getting to church, no better way to start the week 
heading to church early to have some coffee with ms. keri  i seriously love sundays.
is getting a shower and going to church. Not looking forward to school tomorrow. Only 5 weeks though! 
Greeting duty at church....fun 
waffle house is more fun than church 
Going to church.  then going to ride 
At the church with haley 
going to church 
going to church then lunch with the family! 
@BigDrewTv I'm up and at church...  u better say the same lol
Leaving for church soon. Then ki again 
going to church then looking forward to a great day 
headed to church with the fam .... but would rather be at the beach    christos anesti to the greeks celebrating pascha today
off to church  
is at church excited about 2nd service 
On the way to church.  
Just got done at crosspoint church  it was awesome! Now We're off to the grand ole opry
not happy that i had to leave church early, but can't wait for pastor mel's msg to be uploaded onto the web!!  now off to work!
Really liked the church we went to this morning 
@jsmartinson are you tweeting through church again? Does that make twitter your fellowship? 
heading to church 
I had a fabulous time at church today... Finally found a church! YAY!!! 
@OneRadioVixen -- pretty good, actually. I went to church, 'bout to shower then, out to eat with some friends! how are you, sexkitten? 
@svanwessem Does the pastor have WorshipLeader ambitions? Finally he's getting prepared for the real church work  
@Willeth I know.  I just had no gamers in my church group.  It was so annoying. 
Watching telly now . . . britens next modle . . , waiting on abbey to come around 
Morninggg bout to shower n become a hair stylist for my neighbors communion then church then partyyyy    http://twitpic.com/4emor
attempting to sleep because church is in 9 hours 
Going to church.. N going out dinner with my frens.. 
That was fun  Now it's bedtime, and hopefully up for church in the morning!
@ErikaTapalla i like that you always tweet when you're going to church 
Heading to church with the g-parents, then out to breakfast 
On my way to church 
food pick up, church, hanging out then cleaning for my parents visit 
on my way to church 
working on my race calendar- then church and family time 
then getting ready for church- little brother is getting confirmed today! 
is looking forward to church today 
Fixing to head to church! 
is heading to church real soon, maybe that will make my day a little better. 
Off to church!  Early service today and nursery!
@phillipgibb now that's a church with a view! 
Is on her way to church!  wow i am so sore from jogging, skating and bowling!
riding with my family to church listening to elvirah  doesn't get much better than this
Really hopin i get home in time for church. hay-layy 
putting on my camouflage gear for church 
is on her way to church 
missed church.....i have alot of homework to do tonite so i dont no about youthgroup.......hopefully ill make it! 
my parents are here! church and then concert 
getting ready for church, josh is coming to 
Off to church like a good girl 
Is very tired but church here i come! 
SS over..headed to big church 
church, then a lotttt of studying to do. i'm so glad i'm almost done! 
just got back from church. @evilities is a good preacher 
@timothyleblanc- can't be feeling too spiritual if you're texting in church 
goin to church 
@danielledeleasa Coming from the church, equally for you 
At church. I can control the entire service from my iPhone. It rocks 
@KankzXD ohh I know her from church .. she got me into mcfly 
Off to work at the church 
@espowari really? awesome! we love it...and I work at buckhead church too. I love it all around. 
is tired but happy the orphanage was wow.. and babysitting was really fun 
Otw my to church.. 
Off to church now... 
@shahruz84 Don't fall to celebrity worship, though... just write what you think, do the best you can and rock on 
goes to church  hallelujah!
Going to church with my fam 
 just got back from church with pam,
church, union city, youth group, then back home. what an agenda for today. baha 
is goin to church 
i already went to church... thanks mom and sorry.. i learned many things on church... 
going to church with mikes mom and then heading to baytown to see my momma! 
is so happy to be back at church&amp;to be yours again 
is up for church and is getting all his brothers up with loud music 
Helping in the church nursery. I actually like these kids. 
cleaning, church then biking 
@DuongSheahan  are you tweeting in church...I love that your so cool 
Just left church, and of to lunch somewhere for the mum  lol
@stefangilbert they played that as the opening at church today 
hello to my new church 
@Lovely_Her it went really well.....I went to church then took my T lady out to eat.....it was pretty cool 
@HollyMorales follow us here @c3church too 
@marlaerwin I had a lot of church folk today.. heaven knows why!  
On my way to church. 
Off to church. 
is about to go to sleep cuz i have to get up early to sing at church! 
On the cab to church for followup! 
just got home from church! 
-home, goin to sleep, church bright and early.- 
i like how in cyprus churches have minarets and monks do a call to prayer 
Is laying in bed singing church songs with her family 
Always amusing how celibate priests/monks seem to enjoy talking about a correlation of &quot;family values&quot; and religion 
@jen_kat yay  not sure when we'll be going for sure yet, but you can meet us at church if you want (depends on when we finish cleaning)
I'm awake  going to church and my granny's. It will be a good day!
just went to church. sermon was about marriage and they got a married couple to come up and do an interview 
Out the door early this morning to get ready to lead worship at church.  This is going to be a fun day 
has just come home from church and feels the service was very encouraging! 
really excited about church and finally meeting kyle 
Is awake getting ready for church.. Slowly but surely 
just got home from church. 
On the way to graduation breakfast at church 
Heading to church with the kids 
Getting ready for church...and breakfast after 
Its awesome waking up my bus kids for church. After 10 rings of the doorbell,they should wake up. C'mon! 
saw my baby yesterday  i miss him &lt;3 off to church.
Is singing at church with extreme!! 
is getting ready for church this morning.  
Off to church, bye 
church time. flowers love rain 
About to get ready for church...  I love Sundays...  
We are headed to church.  Everyone seems to be well today 
going to church 
is on my way to church. 
@lynxie_rampant You shouldn't be on the internet at church! Haha 
Just saw the cutest boy ever at church. I hope he goes whenever i go 
good morning  going to church soon. then i have basketball practice and then going to play volleyball at my friends house 
off to church... always good for the soul 
Off to church to teach the little ones. 
is headed to church! have a blessed day 
church at ranchocommunity today 
jus got out of church 
Home from church.... Just done eating, now ready for a nap 
church was right on point today...really needed that 
Just got out of church! 
just left church. my dad said i can drive later, 
Just got back from church. The sermon was about being grateful with what you have  and don't compare yourself to other people.
I love my church. 
Out to breakfast then church 
I enjoyed church this morning. 
back home from church - was good 
Heading to church...Lakers won!! A good day. 
psalm 34:14 turn from evil and do good; seek peace and pursue it. i need to start living by this and i need to start going to church 
church was awsome  today!!!
@madilovesmerder .. in a church. i dont know y people are disappointed. it was soo cute and a great greys moment 
@AbbeyWHAT heeey abbey 
at church. bought scapular. 
church was great! We're having our missions conference this week!! pray everything goes well!!  I love our missions conf.'s
just got home from church.. 
doing some stuff for our church activity tomorrow.. 
be back later. headed to church. 
@JasonSandra sorry not a church goer.... different religion... I do my stuff at home 
I made new friends at church!!!  YAY!!! 
but before that I have to go and visit the church .. so, I have to go ! .. 
had an amazing dinner/jam sesh with the missionaries. no...not church songs. it was great! 
