Most common words for this cluster:
[('church', 178), ('christ', 51), ('day', 40), ('quot', 33), ('today', 33), ('bible', 26), ('christian', 24), ('faith', 24), ('vbs', 24), ('time', 23), ('http', 22), ('i', 22)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Church', 0.8825917840003967), (u'church', 0.7721226215362549), (u'Sinai_Missionary_Baptist', 0.765557050704956), (u'Chruch', 0.7404691576957703), (u'Redeemer_Episcopal_Church', 0.7379565834999084), (u'Apostolic_Faith_Church', 0.7356107831001282), (u'Redeemer_Statue_Brazil', 0.7330712080001831), (u'Faith_Baptist_Church', 0.7311692237854004), (u'Catholic_Church', 0.7301071286201477), (u'Luthern_Church', 0.7258282899856567)]





Just called Hillsong again - they said they couldn't tell me where I was on the waiting list - I don't know if it's looking so good 
@arielehenriques Why do I feel like your preaching to me? lol damn I'm guilty 
getting ready for a 2nd day of Faith-based and Neighborhood Partnerships -  still happy re OK visit - although no Braums this time 
is @ St Mary's  http://ff.im/-1Ygw9
in Religious Studies class about to do our  group presentation ... ugh school/finals all weekend 
Oh what a hard day! I mowed and mulched and took Faith to T-Ball practice! I am sunburned! 
In bed with mah baby, dead tired. Church tomorrow...praise Jesus!  Night, y'all! xs
Sick at home  wishing I was at Church.
Waiting to attend Church so geeked.... I'm just up! crazy.... sleepless in Nigeria.... 
is dying to get tattooed, sigh, all my good guys are booked!!  june 10th is so far away Pastor, but I know it'll be worth the wait!
is heading to Hebrew School for a spiritual death match: soccer vs. Shabbos. Like Shabbos even has a chance? 
Church, eco-fest, then work...sadly though no Circle JJesus 
Troubled times. It is Easter in the Greek Orthodox Church (Xristos Anesti, incidentally) but I thought the BBQ was at 3pm, not 1:30pm 
I really really really hate homewrok ! and school ! Learning Marks Gospel will benifit me in no way .. AHHHHHHHH 
Church by myself since the hubby works on sundays now 
having to eat my lunch at work instead of with my church family  It's ok, though, still thinking about the sermon: Christianity vs. Jesus
reading Bible, studying for chem lab, working on that presentation  and its BEAUtiful outside. mmk. thx. :'(
Phew! Made it to Grace Cathedral w/ one minute to spare. No time for breakfast though 
@reverendrichie  You really shouldn't be calling yourself.. Reverend... it is misleading...  
@Sera_Bishop jeezzzzz i have more than 6 hrs to go 
Disaster! I left my Bible at my babysitting job last night. 
@Sera_Bishop exactly thats whats happening... especially when you have a trainee and you cant work with him cos he is just not interested 
Reall want to go and sit in the park and get on with reading American Pastoral. Pesky job 
how can UU tell when u r drunk!? i know im drunk cause my bottom lip get numb 
wondering why on earth, she can't find a REAL Christian Bale to follow...  *sniff*
Soon heading to the hall for my last day at Synod 
had some great sleep last night.  About to watch bedtime stories with family.  I wish i could go to State Bible Drill but parents in town 
Is in love with the lovely man who works at St Pancras and who finally cut me a transport related break. Death by travel 
Best spam email subject line I've seen - &quot;Christian Sex Instructiion - How to Experience Christian Sex&quot;. No instructions in the email tho 
Deacon just sprayed starch into my cup of coffee.  
@Liturgy thanks for the link, have bookmarked it .... any reason 4 giving it to me? I Don't like the thought of Eucharist not on tongue 
@plinkk Christ, that must've been terrifying  I prescribe Pimms in the sunshine and a large puddinf of your choice.
just got back from  Church... Feverish. Twitting from my cellphone. 
More 'bout LCMS 
Church and swim! : P  and then blah gotta dig out from under a stack of paperwork. 
Getting ready for Church!!!!!   YEAH!  and it's raining 
Church then probably spending the afternoon at the lovely OP library...micro needs to be studied  help.
my parents have made the decision of going to Cornerstone 
Church at St. Sebastian at 11 then yard workkk. Boooo. 
is really sad its Pastor Goddard's last sunday at Yukon First Nazarene 
Brunch, Church, Band practice (?)  I miss kaitlyn 
Church was good today.. this rain isn't  If I can knock out these two papers by today, this weekend will be a succes!
Church, and Jersey Mike's for lunch makes my day very boring so far. I hope I get to start my new workout routine today. 
Missing Church because Car is Acting the Fool!!! 
Westboro Baptist Church is protesting in my townn. Fred wasn't there himself though. and there was a lil girl holding a sign 
@queerious neato but ill b out of town fri n sat  Sister is interested in rolling stones.
Just had the best smoothie of my life!!! Passion fruit, banana, and orange. So good. I can't afford take a cruise whenever I want one tho 
I WAS having fun watching a documentary on the Vatican but then time had to go by really fast and ruin my day. 
Christ! was looking forward to a lay in, until family started a cleaning riot. 
Hating Mondays With A Passion 
@errant_pastor What's wrong? 
Someone hacked into my account!!!  Thanks for the heads up Christian!!!
@verbumveritatis yeah.  I'll have to watch it on EWTN.
I always am a sucker for bible verses and Christian songs. It makes me want to kill myself for falling short. 
Church then lunch then stuff?? no soccer  happy mothers day though =D
#F1 Mass wasting fuel lost his 3 place half way through now looking at 5th or even 6th 
Synod almost over .  - time to hit the road - almost 4 hours drive ahead 
@Fr4nk1e LOL mine was 56 
@Faith03 I've been getting responses about the things that go one in Church.  
At the hospital with @RockCityMatt @svenEDGE and @Lifespring because @Lifespring 's dad just passed  please pray
@bmariestyle man I'm so mad I missed family sundays Brasmyn Christ was strugglin today for sure stuck w 2 dozen donuts and a case of beer 
@mossyrants website says Church Square , gutted I can't go 
Why did I stayed up past midnight when I had to come in for labwork at 7?  &lt;WYD?&gt;
Church was horrible! Ten hours sitting there literaly! Tomarow same but half the day 
@Angels &amp; Demons I'm disappointed with the ending, I thought Carmelengo will sacrifice his life to people of Vatican. 
Just realised that my Bible was in my car when it was stolen... This sucks 
It's time I started working on J21Community once again... 
It looks like Russia is transforming more and more into a totalitarian regime based on Christian fanaticism... 
I'm sad to miss Baccalaureate Mass today 
So, the only Gospel album I have is Kirk Franklin's Nu Nation. Am I going to hell? That's Secular Gospel. 
Oh and i'm fairly certain Faith caught a cold  But it was extremely wet and windy so i'm not surprised.
@Bkshorty2love I have to go too! Well to the Catholic Church... I'm sleepy 
Church is on my running route. Poor Mormons. 
Home from Church. It's a rainy day here. I hate rainy days 
getting an award doesnt justify a six am meeting!  Church has such interesting characters!!!
@JamesCordes I am so sad I missed it  Church is the best way to start the week!
@LuckieStarZ hahaha...I love it!!!!! that was sooo funny! I just got out of Church! learned about How to Live My Mission..yea I'm behind 
@Seraphim75 @thedesigngirl a close friend is 24.5 wks pregnant.went for check up, baby had no heartbeat.she is delivering this week. 
@JMC_Ministries Churches aren't involved as we r called 2b thru Christ. If we were, there wouldn't b need 4 shelters/food banks. 
@MichaelDPollard Christ, that came round quick!  I don't think I have your phone no and I still need to meet up; can u email it to me?
My heart goes out to Exodus..so young... 
@BoomerWoman thx  have not been watching the news  re: Exodus
Religious faith and fairmindedness are not incompatible! Wish other Christians didn't make me look bad.   #rejectprop8
@nolebro93 zacky I MISS you!!! I LOVE the new Eric Church song. &quot;I love your love the most&quot; have you heard it? So sorry to hear about bo 
@Hetty4Christ  dont feel like that sometimes 
@Calvinist23 that makes me sad cause when he graduates I won't see him as much. 
I wanna serve at the Kid's For Christ Camp later. But I DARN can't 
http://bit.ly/LaZEL  Wow Christian Lacroix bankrupt.. sad 
Just had an iced coffee. Christ that tasted nasty 
Emoticons by Christian. &quot;  &quot; http://twitpic.com/66riq
@Hetty4Christ  its my fav since i was little its gonna storm 
Is on 'msn', but nones on! :@  :'(
@_CorruptedAngel my god, really! Really? 50? Christ 
I had a hard time loving people as Christ did, today people picking stuff up at my work were just dumb, and annoying 
tried to swat a fly with my Buddhist magazine... bad karma 
@thehar just got Zion tweet 
Taking the Van in to get fixed on Sunday but having to work around Church because my 4 year old will kill me if we are late again. 
I accidently washed my Rosary Beads in their leather case. I hate drying leather. 
I missed the Hillsong show 
Just learned that there is now an Anglican Use (Roman Catholic) parish in Austin. *Now* they tell me. 
My husband says I need Church. 
This long Pentecost weekend begins very rainy  No chance to get a little bit of sunshine 
is disappointed.....no Christian Bale in my bed when I woke up  lmao
My head is pounding..  Church Luau tonight, hope I can go.
Cain (Bible Character) is so bad. He kill his brother Abel. 
is disappointed  and forgiving just as Christ forgives me
I don't think I've ever met an apologetic Hindu or Buddhist... though I can't say the same anymore for Moslem Faith... 
Church, Volleyball Practice, VBS Meeting, Church again...then its Monday 
@jaypomo21   I really need to work on my Christianity!  
Went to Church tonight and got an infomercial, that's too bad I really liked that Church. 
Church was great today!! Now to part 2 of my day - assignments 
Sister's graduation is over and the party was great. Finally got to see my dad for a few hours. He's gone now  I'm a little blue.
Pastor won't mention Christ's death or sin when defining the gospel, repeatedly saying only that it means Jesus is the way, truth, &amp; life 
@fattonyrap I hope so too.  I keep getting messages, though, from &quot;Contemporary Christian&quot; bands about the show 
@arentots I guess we're both in the same situation..  I've just caught tons of &quot;Sermon&quot; from my always-right sister. :|
getting up, doing the shower thing, and heading to church - for a looooong service, First Communion and a Baptism 
One beginning is another beginning's end...my last day at Parkway Baptist 
just got back from the worshiping team. it's really hard for me to look happy on Church when two people i love passed away 
Church, play, picnic, studying. Looks like no open houses for me today. 
Guess there won't be another Sabbath reunion then  http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/entertainment/8075397.stm
my arms are killing me  and my throat is sore... hopefully it gets better soon because today is kinda busy!! Church, graduation, bonfire&lt;3
I love how Lord and Church are trending topics today so nice for a change from all the pop culture...Missed Church this morning  work 
I'm getting ready for service @ Bethel Apostolic Temple.....I can't wait for God to show up and show out!!! I do kinda miss tally though 
@reganily If you hit Chase with a bat i'd laugh  dude I'm going to research how to not be eaten by ghosts. I'll cry if Faith eats us! 
Church was great drove all the way 2 NJ &amp; realized my wallet is @ home.. 
@memoriadei EWTN - bad signal over here so cannot watch  unless I try for a stream on the website but no guarantee.
Christ! I'm so knackered! I'm having trouble staying awake 
Mission failed 
Getting ready to go to Ohio 4 the next 3 weeks.I am excited and nervous@the same time.I am salty that I missed Church this morning 
@Trinity_B sowwi trini b  slap me one good time lol
Church, breakfast with Nana, now sitting in the sun.  Hubby went to the office. 
Church Was really good... Even though Pastor Evans was not there  Saw @kirkfranklin son on drums!! He was really good!! 
So we're shooting and killing abortion doctors as they walk into church now are we? Is that what being &quot;Christ like&quot; means to you??? 
is about to cancel his trip to the Hillsong Conference......  But hey...I will get a lot of money back...maybe next year!
Not enough hours in a day. Church, shopping (only partly successful), watched IndyCar race, exercise. No time for piano practice today 
i tweeted right, we did get smashed!   St Columba 8 Tyndale 80 yeeep lost by 72 points  its okay girls i still love yoous x
@bobbyllew the sad thing is that the Catholic church still doesn't agree with you 
Sister swined up now too poor sis   Due to my recent recovery will be staying far far away from my family for another week
Getting my oldest two off to Sr.Youth Camp. I miss them already 
-- almost wishing i didnt volunteer to teach VBS this yr. i do need a break 
Christ it's really here stifling today 
My Sister is now saying o I don't know about guys being there that's 2 freaky I can't ask questions 
@MrGoldenBoy It was orgasmic (pause) well it was!!  Celibacy Blues lol
chillin' at the warrens' house...by myself...no one showed for Bible study  and can't work the dvd player!
not very many @ Church yesterday  ... please pray for our Church as we go thru an upcoming pastoral change in one month.
I wish I could have a pair of Christian Louboutins 
@moogplayer Meh they are making one. And Christian Slater signed on. I'm trying to just accept that they are making it 
Just wants to fall asleep but I know the Protestant Reformation will haunt my dreams if I don't finish this!! 
@burritojohnson  I'm not kidding this 'Christian faith' is pissing me off Mormon or go to temple ugh which ?
@daniwao pretty bummed, but I don't think Pastors, Prophets, Preachers conference is gonna work out   hit me up and ill explain why bro
By rose  now what? Mission get busy! ; )
The waiters called me &quot;air&quot; at every verbal exchange. Christ I feel old 
Seminary is very expensive 
I'm fairly upset that I got an 89.42% in Senior Bible.  Frankly I feel like I deserve the .08 boost to an A, but I likely won't get it. 
schedule 4 the day: VBS, lunch, work, work-out, read, supper, movie, read, bed. kinda got screwed up by me not setting my alarm this am! 
@Church_Mouse sadly, what a waste of good dew  LOL
Sister gone again 
@ryanodonnell Power outage made me miss the Rev3 E3 live stream... 
right, now i am a bit sad... why cant teachers be fair? for Christ's sake! i hate to disappoint people 
http://schmap.me/h2q277/ They spelz Anglican High wrongly. 
Christ who BBQs this early? Its not even 9:30!! Christ I'm hungry. 
Marks Gospel is over with!!! This exam has really taken down my whole RE grade  i really wanted an A...
@ShyTrbleMaker ah... western Mass... kind of far 
@crazedwriter As a Christian, it is very frustrating to know that many people think we're all like that. 
might not be going back to Redeemer in the next couple of months if Redeemer really isn't providing OSAP this year   LAME!
@Cortnee4Christ I didn't even take a shower today!!! 
Christ ive already cleaned up everywhere. I am bored 
Last day of VBS  I miss the kids in my group already.
Going to miss Pastor's sermon on Faith... 
I just lost 488 pics cause the power went off while coping photos to pc. the switch the Mgr said to flip turned off my neighbors power! 
I'm going to be late for @brianmccoll's Radio Workshop if this traffic doesn't hurry the eff up! Jesus, it's just rain, FFS! 
@sunnylam No, not in Assisi anymore 
Court sentences Bishop for ringing church bells This is outrageous  http://bit.ly/5XdqR
(And, for an atheist, actually a little off-putting.)  
Speaking of church, we never got our choir practice this weekend. To think we're going to sing at tomorrow's Mass 
Thinking about you all &amp; the VBS fun I'm missing  I really do like VBS week of just not everything leading up to it.
Showering for church then doing stuff? Chruch at five then early day tomorrow. Not sure if im going to pbl tomorrow but dont want to 
Rained out at the beach   Now looking for something else to do while in St Augustine.
@pswope33 if u dont stop ignoreing my calls imma kick ur arse!!!!Not a very nice Sister 
couldn't find a black shrug in the entire mall. She won't be wearing her new BCBG dress to Church tomorrow 
My wife and her mom are making 800 cookies for VBS and won't let me have ANY 
Cemetery movie cancelled 2nite. I'm sad 
Other sad part is atheists aren't saying hateful things or threatening President, persons who say they're christian are. Christ is sad 
I wanted to either do a ton of laundry or go to the Gospel Fest... I did neither... 
So I'm on the phone with my dad Almost in tears describing my nightmare&amp; he interrupts me to say Bye.Church&gt;Daughter every time...  ugh
is listening to Burial while seeing the sun coming up. I have not been kissed in a long while and I am a bit sad because of it. 
@CurtJester I am so jealous -- there were no Trinitarian hymns at my Mass. 
@Serenity4U good prayer. But also remember the Bible outlines higher standards 4 those in leadership. This won't B easy 2 go through. 
@reneaaron NOT a very congregational antiphon 
i have a road trip coming up next monday...drivin 1500 miles to Mass my home state....cant wait 2 go but ill b sad ill have no twitter 
Youth was awesome! Church later! Left my charger there  laptop died, rip buddy
@radiolove I don't think I could be more jealous right now. Sucks about Salvation tho 
A lot to do tomorrow. Church then interview at Best Buy and the gradma's and the church. 
Just got home. So tired.  Saw the bands getting ready as well for the Gethsemane Parish fiesta.
Having issues charging my phone. Using Pastor Abel's laptop that had gone to sleep and took the charge away 
Pastor went into autopilot, we said the Nicene Creed rather than the Athanasian.  #trinitysunday #yourdoingitwrong
@modelyungprince I wanted to go 2 Church 2day,but my meeting is till 10:30,so I don't have time 2 get ready 
Attempting to get out of bed. Church then work till 4:30. I just wanna sleep all day 
feel like crap 2day  I guess I just need 2 pray I am in Church
&quot;Every tear you shed is cleansing, taking the pain away from you&quot; Church to cleanse the soul...and cleanse the lies over the past 5 years 
Last day teaching my 3 and 4 yos in Promiseland. 
Sister's home! Everything seems fine and jolly  until she leaves in 10 mins time...  :'(
interesting day. Had some nice lamb for dinner. Some manor cake and tea afterwards. Managing to pray all the Breviary - except Matins 
on the way back from Zion 
At Church Key; no tours today 
Church is finally done and I'm sad that Peckers might move to another country 
Church was good...but I let the devil detour me  But I am back on track!! Prayer!!
First time back to church since... Easter  at least theres no dust on the Bible.
Mission failed 
Saddened over the fact that our Pastor Rev Smith is resigning after 15 yrs of service..we will miss him 
Gulf Coast Apostolic Youth Camp starts tomorrow! Can't wait! Wish I could be there for the whole thing, but I gotta work during the day. 
religion assignment 
got back home late last night. it was good to sleep in my own bed, but i miss disney  thank goodness i have VBS to distract me
making an assingment for religion 
My hand is like a claw.. writing so much!  Doing the lapsed Christians ..fights with Cyprian, confessors &amp; Rome's bishops!! eeh
I can't believe Malawi overturned their &quot;laws&quot; for Madonna's adoption.  Welcome to a life of Kaballah-bashing, Mercy 
@JBlover1494 I've never seen themm  -Wants to see themm- D: I saw the 3D concert experiiencee moviie of theirs thoughh (: UU ?
@Harmonic_Faith 
asks is it true namay positive case ng ah1n1 sa lasalle UMC  http://plurk.com/p/1171qc
I'm seriously about to cry because I can't find my Bible. 
@SpacemanAlpha I'm worried because the Baha'i's are usually targeted anyway, so it makes it even more tense 
@LaurenConrad I'M SO SAD! I made plans to come to your book signing, but it's the same time as my Pilgrimage! I want to come so bad! 
Wishing Cornerstone was in my near future.. 
http://tinyurl.com/m3ljgy Christ! not what I want to see first thing in the morning, or indeed, ever.   
@becjee yeah good. @pete_hughes71 gave a superb talk on church this morning. I'm missing some good stuff on the Gospel and Ethics today 
@lawschoolninja True, but now I have to admit that I paid attention during my tenure in Catholic school.  I'll lose my street cred! 
Christ, my back is killing me... Right between my shoulder blades for about the past week 
@PastorMattHagee cool the VBS in my town is not till july because we are in school till the end of june 
@chaplin13 
Just got home, watching the Other Sister, there's so many sad parts 
Sister and kids just left to head back home. The girls are very sad. 
Christ  why did it have to be someone nice
@Hetty4Christ my daughter left her soak &amp; wet softball shirt in the trunk of my car overnight open the trunk the smell &amp; gnats r awful! 
Church politics caused ?@&amp;! to hit the fan 2day rite b4 vbs not a good thing uggg 
@footballlvnlady yes it did!! like Old Faithful! almost as high too! lovely way to start ones day! 
Sister ordered my dinner...she got it wrong  lol
Sister come help me 
Sister and mom leaving for the VIet-nam ... They're making me wear a mask so I don't get them sick 
Cleaning up some more  then VBS then lunch more cleaning up then either joy or partying with matt since 2morrow is his 16th bday!!!
@JuicyJones oh- I just found out that The Church played at Triple Door last night.  
I have to admit that I am still a little bummed that Christian's hockey team lost their playoff game. they lost 1 game during reg season 
@charp You've reminded me that the only band out of that list that I have not taken photos of is Judas Priest. They were here earlier too 
@Archangel1979 i know. me too. haha. i actually plugged in my iphone to see at the stroke of midnight. no luck tho. 
still in bed, feeling like crap, wishin Christian was here to look after me 
@kenneyjacob . which religion. Names are always dependent on religion. 
Sounds like Christian Identity at work to me   http://tinyurl.com/m82frw
I've got that catholic song stuck in my head. I miss my Christian school and friends! 
@thesadeianwoman Dammit. Unfortunately in Mass. 
@Church_cucumber hmm that and tinnitus.  Sucks to be me. 
Is about to climb the hill to Chapel...and it looks like rain 
@AgendaOfGrace I planned on coming tonight. Then worked called and want's me to work 3rd shift  When is the next Bible study?
Community service between 2 and 4 
Just attended a Wiccan funeral today. Not very fun in the rain  It was a different experience
@LAPunk1981 But but... there's more of the non-Jewish holidays tho  LOL
Church with jessica tonight, I am sunburned 
Anyone out there want to help me move tonight?  Faith is working and I am going at it alone.  
about to record with St. Mary's Asylum, also is going to be moving again 
@mercyming I'm sorry, Mercy  I hope you feel better soon.
Church Choir until 8:30. Then studying for my biology final! SO ready to be done with A-term... then go straight into B-term 
Almost done applying the graphics on the home page of Faith Mesh... it is hard to get it right on all of the browsers 
just got home from Vacation Bible School! It has been so awesome! Only two more days left 
@branbran07 if i could find someone who wuld donate a gospel beat i wuld gladly do a gospel song...they r hard to make myself 
Sacred out of my mind and im alone... 
@Cortnee4Christ I tried to add a twitter widget, didn't work.    I saw yours on your  blog and wanted one.
I've got the vitagen jingle on loop in my head. Salvation! 
@Fr3d_org using the GM seed? i really don't want to use the test version though  dont wanna risk it
Baptist Press at it again w/ Driscoll   http://bit.ly/RmZ4N
suddenly i really miss my Sisters  wish you all are here..
@ThePerfectVerse the one that really knows me is dead  RIP Pastor Ward *sigh
Headed to school @kennesawstate Teacher has skipped over the Reformation in world history.  How one can push that aside I do not know.
@Mcr_sara_Patd on a sunday! and your dear ol' Shekinah is a holy girl...! sunday concerts don't work out so well for me 
@Trinity4ever oh sorry then 
just got back for getting my nails did with my best friends and their mommies/my mommy. about to do chores. last day of VBS is tomorrow! 
last day of VBS tomorrow. so sad  love those kids
Sister had another seizure.  happened tonight while at church camp... She's on her way to the hospital with my other sis now. Prayers plz.
Starting to be concerned that VBS won't be an option for us b/c of this never ending stomach bug. 
have a headache... had one earlier today and it went away long enough for VBS...yeah!!!  now its back     ...and, so I'm going to bed 
@ohhhbeka  what can I do to renew your faith in Humanity? (disregarding the fact that mine's broken, too...)
wat!! not Faith please dont move schools  well miss u xx
damn victoria is closed again! Fr the 1000000x nw, gna hav heavy traffic again, 
gettin ready to go in for Trinity's surgery 
http://bit.ly/P9Fr5  wanna watch that live at that time 
Sister, please wag niyo po i-block ang twitter sa wi-fi. 
different religion 
didn't get to go to Mass like we had planned 
Nine minutes until the next train!  &lt;&gt;&gt;Divinity&lt;&lt;&gt;
Is going to her last day of VBS. 
@JesseMcCartney sucks it's raining while you're in Mass 
@Faithful20 i'm so mad bc i had floor seats  but my friend needed money so she sold hers..so i sold mine..dang oh well
Ugh! I'm tired I don't wanna do Outreach! 
Just finished VBS 
Closing party for my church is tonight...  this is the 2nd Catholic Church that I've gone to in the past 4 years to close....  
When the hell did Deadline declare bankruptcy? Faith and a .45 was looking cool!  http://bit.ly/3bWCej
Players Prayer.. I always wanted to see @Lloyd_YG perform this. 
@bitburner noooo, just a visit.  going to play it by ear when to bring them home...see how mom does. might put them in VBS or something
@hypnoticeing oh wait, your a Christian, not a Muslim so you dont get the virgins. Aw poo 
Missing Rev soo Much I was just about to call him too but realized he wasn't there 
Wants 2 go 2 Fusion Church 2morrow 
@Exodus_04  .......we still calling u.
i need a good hug right about now. and i'm missing my Bible  but i did go on the brooklyn bridge tonight. and eat a yummy omlette.
not Catholic, but 4give me, Father, 4 I hv sinned: After taking a step fwd, just took 2 back.  At this age, MUST leave BS behind+be a MAN!
@BiancaCruzer WHAAAAT?  and what's Mormon? Ahahaha.
Wrapped up vacation Bible school last night - gonna miss the kangaroo at the pulpit 
@Rainer_hilft Words of wisdom from you and the Bible... we really shouldn't worry but it can be so hard not to though 
Mormon bridal shower: heaven fucking help me, I forgot my flask. 
Singapore confirms two clusters of H1N1 local transmission. 2 Clusters - 1 at Riverlife Church, 1 at NUS. ahhh too close to my hse! 
Starting to get nervous about leaving Jboy at Preschool 
My final time playing with the worship team at #FairOaks Church tonight. 
Mass confusion + multiplies as the numbers grow  the world has never n needed vision &amp; leadership more! http://yfrog.com/11bfuj
amazing night at woodley. Faith? even got an encore! shame callum wasnt there 
Mission failed..... 
Cemetery scared me  cause there was a baby with my best friends full name and next to her was a baby with my name :/ i got chills from ...
Just googled sun poisoning-pretty sure I have it. Seriously fried from the church VBS carnival today. Hurt too bad to go to bed. 
catching some zzzzzs. Church in the morning, then, nothing since I don't have a father 
so today, was really an emotional day. i was at a funeral. my Pastor's wife had recently passed away... 
Cookie has an attitude problem. Math is hurting my brain. Church in the morning. Why cant this quilt be done already!? I want junk food.. 
@rachelisms He died of a heart attack  He will surely be missed by the whole Lasallian community.
@ExBP_Buddhist can't get the link to work 
@Church_cucumber Dammit! I was gonna watch that! I forgot!! 
Watching CNN Live with Rosemary Church, Octavia Nasr.. RIP Neda 
had a shower, getting ready, n thn off to deal with the fatty downstairs, Servant for a day 
worst night in a long time. Church in fifteen minutes,time to put on the VBS face...=D... 
I'm a bad pagan, though. I don't go out and celebrate the Sabbaths anymore. I have to skip Lughnasadh festival again this year  busy.
I love my daddy. Church. Then studying for data. 
@Kimberly_Church why is that? 
getting ready for the DAY! Church at 11 @ubcmiami .... feel free to join me! im going alone 
I think I lost my lower back somewhere on the highway back from Mass. I wish we came with spare parts 
OMW home...but gonna be late to Church. 
I think I'm getting sick again. Nooo! I was doing so well.     Fr. roast, Fr. bread w/ pnut butter &amp; blckberry preserves, cherries. Yums.
went to Mass, and the priest reminded ppl to stick around after Communion. never have i seen that in 28 years. kinda sad really 
Sister, I miss YOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!!!!!!! 
Marsalis Ave Church of Christ was packed but I had to leave early for work , I really dislike my job sometimes 
Everytime I reach out for something I care about..Faith comes along and snatches it away from me. 
@emmagracecor: I didn't goo intooo juicy. i just went looking for a bathing suit. Mission not accomplished  XXXXoxox
I really need to start reading my Bible more. 
I dunno how much longer I can go without sleep...poor Christian is miserable 
another day at Mercy hospital 
forced to end playing The Last Remnant because of an error 
@BIGDOTSTRY_79 Mercy...*sigh* that junt was just to small i guess. Couldn't handle the pressure lol that sucks bigtime tho 
@empiremagazine Christ you're mean 
@Kadomi I *just* killed Emalon for the first time. Priest tier gloves dropped, but I lost. 
Uugh. Presbytery mtg. 
Mission:NOT accomplished! 
@Liturgy taking about twitter problems..i lost over 100 DMs 
is feeling under the weather again.... can't make it to Church's Leadership Vision Night tonight 
SHOCKED at the news that Fr Joe has been removed as the Church's Film Reviewing Board Chairman. woo hoo Theocratic Malta. what a blast! 
ok, getting my lazy rear up and moving about, last day of VBS  lots to do
last day of VBS  but going to the Zoo tomorrow with @helloekatelyn ,brittany and katy!
says nanood ang mga nilalang ng passion of the Christ sa bahay  wala ako dun.. http://plurk.com/p/13vphk
@sundaycosmetics I'm trying to do so. Re:The ministry - It's going to be so hard because I considered it as &quot;My Church&quot;. It's so sad. 
@moanyboot i pay 4 my 2 and i remember at the time it was roughly 25% for 2 kids. Christ I can't get enuf of my kids. hate dads like that 
@julieand break out your Bible and share some scripture...its what I do!! 
@natalietran if you're talking Chapel Street then try Borscht Vodka &amp; Tears on corner of Chapel and High St or Globe at 218 Chapel St 
@Hetty4Christ yeah, no problem  yw means to me your welcome ;-)
Just typed up massive trench warfare plans for the defense of the Papal States in 1983. &lt;3 forum-based geopolitical wargames. 
@grimtorn You can start making a religion of your own to make yourself fall asleep them 
@hanseric You can call me Faith. 
@yipikiyayey21 ok kewl, juz let the Children's Church know kc they're in need, or in the words of daniel, 'desperate' of a musician 
I LOVE having the freedom to share the Gospel with my 5th and 6th graders in school!  Not to mention getting to pray with them everyday. 
HRC's Director of Religion and Faith Programe Harry Knox to be on Pres. Obamas Faith Based Council - two thumbs up to that one 
Visit @blfusa 's post for this week's Prayer &amp; Praise at:  http://p-p.blfusa.org/PPNL/pp090407.htm  . . . . . .  
@mileycyrus of course!  He is the way to Salvation!
@mlesser64 from me based on the teachings of the Kabbalah and Judaism 
@TheLooseCannon Peace Bro, so far so good today - how are you? 
@emmyrossum Collecting food donations for the poor and weeding my gardens with my kids today.  Church tomorrow 
says hi to the Deetman 
@SouthTxSun tell them I will see them tonite with my preacher and then some. 
Church and the food 
@stalydel Amen! Many Christians are hesitant to share their faith, but we need to be bold witnesses for Christ! 
@AmyB11569 just wanted to let you know that @kathyireland sent out a prayer for you 
Divine Mercy Novena: Ninth Day 
In bed. Going to bed. Church tomorrow. 
Going to church in 30 minutes. Gospel  yay
Oh - forgot to twit that I was logging in to NF.  And now I'm logging out.   Church tomorrow.  I need sleep so I can appear angelic. xox
He ended it! Mission accomplished!  I'm not a sms-holic, that's why I get annoyed easily when someone bibbles way too much.
@bringsatowel I listened to the iTunes samples..my fav albums are Censored Colors and Church Mouth. I didnt know their music, thanks! 
Is off to Church 
just got back from Church! its Greek Easter anyone who was at St. SOfia? Tom Hanks and his wife were sitting next to me  Hristos Anesti!
Church gots to be part of the grind 
Church then out to breakfast with our small group  I lOve Sundays!
is listening to Refuge Praise and getting ready to eat some breakfast! 
Friend @lets_be_bread is the best example of Lutheran awesomeness ever- He won 2nd prize in a drag pageant yesterday! So pretty. 
@Donald_Woods yep..  Church Is what I dooooooo 
Church, lunch, then chillin the rest of the day 
Church of the Highlands @ 11:30 in the Bryant Conference Center! BE THERE!   
I &lt;3 Sundays.. Church then Queen of Queens meeting 
Rite of Recognition for my confirmation into the Catholic Church is today 
@Devotionals Yes, we must forgive others just as Christ has forgiven us. 
Great day of worship and preaching ahead at Compass Bible Church.  See you there 
For I am crucified with Christ, and yet I live.   -Kynitekia 3Rev20
Yesterday at spinning demo, a guy asked me what a distaff was. He only knew it as a term from the Bible. I was happy to 'splain it 2 him. 
In Pasco with the family, heading to Bethany Worship Center...cont. our itinerary for Spain 
Church &amp; brunch with the family, the canfields &amp; laura  &lt;3
&quot;Faith is the assurance of things hoped for, the conviction of things not seen.&quot; There's my problem: I'm a visual learner. 
Church was great today I enjoyed the message, playing bass on the worship team, and sharing about the Seattle trip and resulting effects! 
love new collection of Christian Louboutin's shoes 
just wrote the most mind blowing paper for my Buddhism class... in 20 minutes no less.. 
I feel so horrible that I would normally be swearing in this tweet, but I'm too sophisticated to do that, plus I follow Christ... 
I'm off to school, darlings.  We're going to a Buddhist temple!This outta be interesting. 
@LifestyleOnline Sounds fair.  We attend a (low) C of E but consider ourselves followers of Jesus, not C of E, Catholic or anything else.
i'm home from the Hillsong show. oh man. amazing!!!  
Just heading down to the Vatican, 12 Euros just to get in... The Catholics are so meek aren't they? 
@Sera_Bishop well make them smaller in photoshop or a similar prog 
@konghee hi Pastor, i enjoy reading your blog! awaiting more 
@konghee wow. that's a lot of messages! take care Pastor, will be praying for you 
Patrick &amp; Anna taking a lunch break while attending the Cleansing Stream Retreat at The Church On The Way, TCOTW  http://twitpic.com/3i4z4
@Cortnee4Christ Holy Goats Milk Cortnee! I think about two days ago you had 300 followers, and now you have 500. Yeeesh! 
@jimreyes &quot;amazed&quot; is the sarcasm for &quot;irritating&quot;.  People will use the Bible against you without actually knowing what it means.
Just got home from &quot;Hit the Streets&quot; - Bayside Church making a massive difference in the community.  Hanging out for church tonight 
@frogget66 thank Christ I don't live next door to you it's not right having a glass to the wall all night 
@Hetty4Christ I pray you are better : @Hetty4Christ I pray you are better  http://bit.ly/CrSJ7
@raewynstedman some professional interest as thurifer?  This came from one of the Bishops that I follow 
Today was a beautiful day in the Church, remembering the sacrifice Jesus made for us! 
Off to work - w/ Catalyst Church prayer in spirit! 
Church fundraising car wash from 8-2 at RLC! 
@Pastor_T meh...it's just a C5 
is working on her Gifts &amp; Fruits of the Holy Spirit lesson for tomorrow's Confirmation class 
Heading out for daughter's First Holy Communion. Prayers please! 
i dont care what you think, but Affirmation is one of the greatest songs ever. yay savage garden! 
loves church and the her servers!! I want more Praise and Worship  And to hell with you H1N1!! http://plurk.com/p/rev4e
Today was a beautiful day in the Church, remembering the sacrifice Jesus made for us! 
Sisters play then outtt 
loved the &quot;bad news&quot; sermon from The Village Church 
april showers bring may showers... what do may flowers bring? Pilgrims!  happy may!
ready for Sunday Service at the Heights Church 
@funkybrownchick Everyone knows I love nerdy Jewish boys. It's been suggested I check it out, T. 
going to Jordan's Holy Communion  then on to St Raphael's for its 50year celebration!
Church bright and early 
Church in the morning 
@tonyrobbins Thanks...behind the smile there is often another story. Compassion is the way... 
Sister took 3 steps on the boat 
Looking forward to another semi-meandering day. Church and then a lazy afternoon with my old man before he leaves on his road trip. 
Getting ready for Church boy I am sleepy 
Church, lunch at Pastor Chuck's, youth group is going to be helping at the whosoever gospel mission. 
Hal Mayer &amp; Church @ the Bay have nothing on the First Family today - after weekend flooding, we r a waterfront church. 
Looking forward to Church, especially because my son goes to nursery now. 
Yay! Church. Family time, back to southside kick it with Zfamily, and see my cop  Btw i had a blasted last night at Roxy with an alcoh ...
Church then time to ROCK 
@jeweljk Worship and Fellowship!  
Oh, so hungry. Communion bread did not fill me up enough 
Relevant Church! I love it! 
RSM (Youth) services have started and our band is rockin'! Praying for 2 great services today...and praying for yours, too 
Church with @xxlaura and @sowrong_itsale   &lt;3
I finally woke up @ 1ish &amp; eating my 2nd meal. Will be going 2 church @ 640pm - Living Stones Community Church reply @ me if u wanna go 
Took the dog for a little walk on the trail head. Church in a little bit, then perhaps over to PO 
excited about the Eric Church concert ~ less that two weeks away 
It's official. I converted. Buddhism here I come. So far I think Theravada is amazing. Vajray?na has been enlightening as well. 
@Hetty4Christ I am clearing a path   How are you doing, I think about you often.
@RawRock enjoyed sitting in on your Bible study! Thanks! 
@Kohmahts be clear, I am Catholic, but wholeheartedly agree with you.  (&quot;Same here&quot; was ambiguous) #tcot #hhrs
@EmmaGriffiths86 It's under Community.. I can't see it myself, but one of the moderators (Niandra) told me it was there 
@erinmmoore if we actually watch it, yes we can admit it... our popular culture doesn't define our Christianity! 
Just took a shower.We're gonna go to Church.Time to thank Him for my mother. 
FTSK and Mercy Mercedes were amazing tonight.. as always 
@DarrenRoberts I love Dawn Chorus noisier the better miss Church Bells too...crazy I know...Was going for a cycle with a friend..not now 
was busy talking with mom and bhabhi.. they liked the cards bro and me made for them  now waiting for sis to get back from Church..
@jasonmitchener Yes sir...I just acquired a Master of Arts in Christian Ministry-a loooooong journey completed today...so thankful! 
Yay, St. Mary's here I come 
@brianwierman ... Yay! I can give you a lesson tomorrow, at Church. 
Church is in 8 hours! I better hurry up so I can get some sleep! 
#web20 .#prologue - Modern Liberalism, Misconstrued (2nd 1/2 of Bible  -- &quot;Christ -- without the Crucifiction&quot;  Abstraction w/o 'Skin' 
the winds out here will blow some Mother's Church hat &amp; wig off!!! lol...sheeeeee..t I'm at a risk of getting blown away I'm only 30lbs 
@jeffreyrachmat tough this is d 2nd sermon about freedom that i attend to, thank u pastor!! Its still hit me.. 
@BonnieBrown Hangin' in! Church gig coming up soon. Think I'll do some Aerosmith for the prelude. That'll wake those Presbyterians!! 
is running tech for Ampd and ready to worship! 
Church then lunch with mom 
Church with Camlo and Mandie!!  (If you've never heard her sing, you're missing out!)
On my way to Church.. 
Went to Church with my Mother and the rest of the Family! 
Church, mommy's soccer game, &amp; family dinner.  I'm the happiest girl in the world.
Church was good, got head butted by doofus, and made a sweet beat with david 
Church was good  now going out to breakfast.
Finally finished reading my One Year Bible today. It was more like a three-year Bible for me 
my TV is acting up....give me a Brothers and Sisters update later k @jonathanrknight?  Thanks!
@Seowhow yup Pastor! 
Epiphany...   
so glad that she is only about 3 1/2 pages left before Buddhism is over!!!! 
@Cortnee4Christ #gratitude &amp; #love your way 
@eliazarputera yes, the building!   I thought u probably went to Hillsong.  I've never been to sydney...yet!! one day
hopes to learn about CERN, Antimatter, Catholic Faith tonight... 
Just got done with my religion final 
@GabrielleV I CAN! #obama is probably not the #Antichrist, but if he's not for Christ, he is the #antichrist  Matthew 12:30.
says just got home from Church  http://plurk.com/p/u999r
Sleeep  The up and at'em tomorrow. Church in the morning, then picking up my brother around 3ish from his new job, awww... how cute. :-P
is loving his macbook needs some fancy music software to put on it though....  Church tonight 
The parishioners and the Priest obviously love our Lady. The website and pictures are encouraging. I heard the Priest is a Canon Lawyer. 
@ewwjoelle Congrats baaaaaaaack! Bishop Chavez ftw. 
I love playing matchmaker! Mission accomplished. 
http://twitpic.com/5cljk - Bibles are free! Yay!! 
Shower then bed ... Church in the morning 
@Annjj what's he trimming??? Your lady garden ????  Christ I can't stop me self 2day !!!!
#cckb wonderful that Christ has an unfinished work - praying for each one us that we should stand firm 
@SeowHow Pastor, you were simply amazing! Blown away by the service just now  you rock!
morning. Up to practice for Church... Aren't normal people supposed to sleep in on Sundays??? Normal and I don't see each other much. 
Church and then Guatemala missions meeting! 
Heading to CROSSPOINT for worship!!!!  
Church time  I decided i'm gonna wait to leave until eight and its KILLING me!
Getting ready to head out for an exciting day at Keystone Church 
@jayefucious Who are your pastors? They sound cool 
@kapkap @deon block aja, hehehe. We got the power to choose kan? Mumpung belum dilarang UU utk gak balik follow cawapres 
is looking forward to todays church service. Pastor says it will be good. (And since I'm married to him, I believe him!  )
loves Brothers and Sisters 
I love playing worship 
Be out for an hour or so. Churchin' it up with my pops! 
Since I am not going to Church I guess this means I won't go anywhere today! Except to go see my mommy @BecaAgirl4 
sister's 1st Communion today. All you Catholics out there know its kinda a big deal! Party after, 25 people coming over to celebrate! 
... So who's coming to the performance tonight at 6? You are! For a great show come to Oak Hills Church! At the Youth Center! Come 
It only took 16 months, but my son will now make monkey sounds when he sees a monkey. Mission complete. 
30 minutes into Church I fixed it with new batteries and a ground lift switch on audio DI box. Only missed the announcements powerpoint. 
Youth Choir sang and older one today: 'You Should Be A Witness'. Congragation really liked it. 
Haha @rbohlender - preach it!  Haha I'm not mad.  
Church is best followed by a delicious lunch and an afternoon of shopping with mom. 
Trying to help out but in Church and ppl looking at me.  
Just got home from Church, put Gracie down for a nap,  and now getting ready to watch a movie with my husband.  Enjoying the Rain!!
@chellanglo what a beautiful prayer 
@Angelus01 i love you 
@leahjones True. But first time has me apprehensive. Only been there on Birthright and on Birthright you have a &quot;chauffeur&quot;. 
After Mass,Reu. told Fr. &quot;Wow, that bread has lasting flavor. &quot;Good, It's suppose to!&quot; Fr. replied lol  Made sushi w/Crissy, gardening.
Church was good this morning...gonna eat at Serrano's with the family 
@gregoryhays I don't believe that's allowed by Faith and Practice  
Church w/2yo should earn me a medal. It was quiet till he threw hands into the air and screamed &quot;GOAL!&quot; Damn hockey. 
http://twitpic.com/5didr - Hanging out at Sonrise. 
working on VBS stuff for the meeting to night.. oh how fun.. 
@tdkelly Congratulations. I still remember my own  Cath. Communion ,  eons ago 
damn the Notre Dame President is my new hero! This guy is definitely a Vatican 2 Catholic- my favorite kind of Catholic 
the BEST church service ever this morning!  I love going to Faith Church here in St. Louis.  
@TiaMowry The icon and background images take me back to the Sister Sister days. I love them!  Sister Sister=best show ever! haha.
Angels &amp; Demons, a story about Illuminati conspiracies and the Catholic Church... My verdict is, Ewan McGregor = squee! 
Later, Guys. We have to go to the Cemetery. 
One important historical fact of Buddhism is that it &quot;spread throughout the world... without the benefit of the sword&quot; 
Was guest speaker yest. at a Unity Church, hid my dollar in a book about Prosperity in the Minister's office! What fun!  #GAADAD
At 7am the audio (WMA format, Audaicity not working right to convert to MP3) frm Bible Study will be posted. 
Every Southern Baptist ought to consider being a Southern Anabaptist. 
@RavenLightholme lmao at that recurring memo. It must be a doozie. I was never particularly fond of the UCC either. 
http://twitpic.com/5ofrr - @ Pila. that's the old St. Anthony of Padua Church .  the first Antonine church in the Philippines.
The Amsterdams isi lanseaza albumul in seara asta la Silver Church  http://www.myspace.com/theamsterdams
The comments on my Dyslexic Christian video are amusing http://bit.ly/WeNz1 I like seeing how many people missed the joke. 
@smrgaite hi Sister!  nice to see you here 
Wow! I feel sooo much better today! The sun has lifted my spirits! I haven't felt like myself in a while! Alleluia!  
Judas Priest at full blast... just waiting for the neighbours to knock on my door 
Pls send some good Christian love to my pro-abortion friend @aleasha89.  Though we were yet sinners, Christ died for us. HE LOVES US ALL!
@NickSeguin why are you mixing web dogma with Catholic dogma? 
just got home from Church!!!  a not so good day it is. whew.
I'm soooooooo irriated why do I have to be such a chiken@paytonrae101 say hi to Christian 4 me 
Catching up on emails and work before Shabbat, next week sounds just great 
I will be very concerned if the Vatican's new facebook page doesn't list Jesus as a friend! 
Teaching Dakota &quot;Jesus songs&quot;from last years' VBS 
 @DWO34 Great to follow @BUTTERFLYWHEEL @DebraWard @chastity_1111 @Cortnee4Christ @DWO34 @DarrenSproat @Sharboubou @mikehanes
@moralesmatt never thought of that..  We're actually the Homebuilders Bible Class. SS class is a tad shorter.
canard65 has just commented in Fr my blog post 3,2,1... Lift off !  http://bit.ly/OIdbD  @pocarles
Church, get ready for prom, then prom. 
@revtrev @garrymullen @mike90210 @AndyGroenink @Cortnee4Christ @paulagroenink #followfriday AG  #EFCN
@philpringle Amen Pastor! thats so true...the fulfillment comes in knowing they've stretched their potential!! 
Helping Roblox Community. 
awww R.I.P Christian Lacroix's fashion company.. had to file for bankruptcy.. on half plus side...everythings on sale 
@damienmulley Christ's sake otherdad, you said you wouldn't mention it! 
@davidlian never without a wing and a prayer 
