Most common words for this cluster:
[('city', 455), ('i', 35), ('today', 34), ('day', 28), ('amp', 26), ('sex', 25), ('http', 24), ('kansas', 21), ('quot', 19), ('time', 17), ('restaurant', 17), ('tomorrow', 14)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'City', 0.9159367084503174), (u'CIty', 0.744987964630127), (u'Considers_Smoking_Ban', 0.6022837162017822), (u'By_Jason_Roessle', 0.5950887799263), (u'Jaime_Zea', 0.5798372030258179), (u'Rabid_Bat_Found', 0.5770177245140076), (u'Grateful_Bean', 0.5760668516159058), (u'Citys', 0.571243941783905), (u'citydesk@unc.edu', 0.5700389742851257), (u'Police_Investigate_Homicide', 0.5665333867073059)]





Smugness gone. My train also failed to turn up so I'm heading for Victoria followed by an unpleasant tube ride to the City. 
@transbay &quot;SFMTA Budget Proposal Hearing: tomorrow, April 7 at 2:00 pm (City Hall, Room 400). Sadly, I cannot attend.&quot; Me neither. 
@agouty   OK, I'll hold back the tears. C ya in Kansas City!
anyone want to buy their dear, unemployed friend Darryl an Austin City Limits 3-day ticket? Only $160. Guess I'll sit it out this year 
is the Dallas sky really as overcast as it appears to be? The sun escaped to the Windy City 
i was so excited about going to Ocean City... but now im not going  no polish ice for me... 
hates it when Restaurant City is down.  http://plurk.com/p/ovchv
Looks like Hull City are looking are relegation 
I am very excited to see RK and Owl City, but I am still wanting to go to Anberlin's show...If only I had someone to go with me 
Nooooooooo! Hull City lost again!  Can't be dealing with it!
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Salt Lake City - Utah
Did I mention I got to see Sin City Bluray before most can buy it? only good luck today two places I tried to shop at had closed for good 
Tweeting from Mexico City - didn't make connection, ground crew gave our seats away  But found an airport hotel and CRASHED w/tired kids
Last day home  !!! Tomorrow I go back to Mexico City.
Just taken Dad to the Train station  worst part is always saying bye - again - now sat watchin the City 
Keep the faith big guy - my Aussie Rules team have lost 3 outta 4  Liverpool on Sat isn't it? City are not allowed to win that one
once i handed in a History project talking about the Mormans - a non Morman is called a GENTILE in Salt Lake City but not in my paper 
Resto City and rain don't go well together. 
@John__Black Yep, my son was a manager of a Circuit City here in Albany 
Ooh snap Vegas, the real City-City @babyscratch that's where I need to be. Your in Paradise Mamma WTF am I doing in Rotterdam 
Feeling better today, still a lil sore throat  City of God at &quot;Wet 09&quot; at Barry Univ. Free at 9pm. hit me for questions.
sad shes missing the crab cook off in Ocean City, MD.  First of many events I will miss.  
No flying to Ponca City today for breakfast  Oatmeal at home here I come. Oats FTW !
City girl that I am roadkill is hard to see 
No presents for my friends in BCN  everything is close in Mexico City. One more day for mi flight 
Squeaky bum time for all Norwich City fans. Last day of championship, can Norwich win &amp; Barnsley loose? Can't say I'm v confident  #ncfc
Announcement at 1:00 today about HSV AL City Schools -- though only swine flu cases have been in the county    We have AP testing
@stephenfry Norwich City`s relegation confirmed. Damn. 
Norwich City got relegated, boo 
Norwich City FC  Never this bad in my life time  Not even sure we'll be back any fight left ??
...been to watch Reading lose to Birmingham City today...well done BFC, you deserve it more than the Royals do  11 wks 2 days 
wish iw as at bamboozle! can't believe im missing 3oh!3 and Owl City! 
Amazing coffee... My sushi shop at South City is down for construction  http://bit.ly/DOwFs
@theambermarie -- werd? I heart that place. I wish 2 come there so bad but its so expensive.  I need 2be in that City. Now.
says there's a confirmed swine flu case in my town from an illegal immigrant from Mexico City.  http://plurk.com/p/rqnxb
@mdillow which GTA game do you want to play? I have GTA Vice City and never play it 
@DugyFresh They're three hours from here.  Correction: Nothing fun in Palm City.
Gosh I am in Union City and I can hear the fireworks from the KFog Kaboom. I hear a low distant rumble. Wish I was there. 
@R_City Whens the mixtape coming out? I'm dying to listen to a new track. 
United v City, F1, nice little combo methinks. Still ill 
flying out to Kansas City today. I am going to miss my wife this week 
Bloody United  Come on City, can't let 'em have the title!! :'(
Oh dear, Manchester City are literally not very good. 
Title race over  Tried to stay positive as long as possible! City's performance today was nothing short of upsetting
Just got back from Atlantic City - I lost!  but it was fun!  Tat's in town!!! 
can't open Restaurant City.  http://plurk.com/p/t9dag
I've noticed a few dead rats in my travels around the City Bowl recently, the downside... I've also noticed a few dead squirrels. 
@AmnestyUK You'd have thought RIga's City Council had learned the lessons of the past by now 
So jealous of Salt Lake City folks tonight. I want to see @barcelona and @maeband again! 
@foodieguide With all the talk of Oriental City, I'm now missing the old Food Court there dreadfully. I LOVED it. 
@foodieguide With all the talk of Oriental City, I'm now missing the old Colindale Food Court  dreadfully. I LOVED it. 
Hopefully London City Airport will be quiter today. Don't hold out much hope though. And it's only going to get worse with this expansion 
@bimbler  I was staying with a Briston City fan last year who went to Wemblely and watched them NOT make the premiership.    v sad...
Off to Quebec City... 4 hours in halifax. Airport 
@suareasy I wish I could but the tour didn't come to Kansas City. 
@josanko Yup.  I've got about 150 shots to edit   Also, tell mom to check today's Herald Leader in the City section, I have 2 pics in it.
Sittin on the 4A bus goin to college. Nearly at City Hall. Not lookin forward to today 
@alliecobra Would love to go, but Godzilla that night.  What time does it start/end? City revelry afterwards perchance?
@EricRobertsER Not happy to hear that about the Sex &amp; the City women 
Storm clouds are back today in central Oklahoma  in Oklahoma City, OK http://loopt.us/Vhqktg.t
Sick as a parrot, gutted and robbed  At least there is a long weekend and, hopefully, confirmation of City's Premier League status
iz going 2 Olkohoma City n 3 weekz 4 a vacation.Just wish my Rikki Soga waz gonna b there w/ me them thu. 
Selling Galaxy tix   5/30 vs. Kansas City (damn you Kevin), 6/2 vs CS Herediano (friendly) and 6/13 vs. Real Salt Lake.  Parking included!
is leaving Sin City today... ill miss vegas 
@joelrunner Scheduling conflict with best friends wedding along with opening our newest office in Kansas City sorry  would have loved to!
well today was a bummer.. sat around all day.. then missed Sundown in the CIty due to car problems  
In even stupider queue from hell at Belfast City Airport. Worse than one at Belfast International last Monday 
i can't seem to access Restuarant City due to some internet / javascript problem... 
i am leaving soon for Kansas City to take some of my stuff. Only 8 days of living in Carthage left. 
Rose City Sirens were uber cool last night!  Wish I could have stayed longer 
Mexico City traffic  Beating the rush hour to make it to the Aeropuerto
I hate tomtom. City traffic sucks 
I will miss my City when we leave...priciness, pollution, panhandlers and all 
City Dippin iz u fun, so much eye candy out here...I remember y I miss  LOL
Playin City of Villains, wishin my buddies were playin with me..... 
 damn u still haven't been to sleep? and just look them up...i think it was Royalty Beats and City Council
@PragerC Been there done that last year, except it was in Ocean City and there was no skeeball  LOL
Just relaxing right now... tomorrow I have to work and Sunday  City time... just 2 more chances to go to New York City 
my god! my mobile phone web browser connection here in Antipolo City is so slow! i can't tweet as much as i can.  *poor @hao_country*
Taking my little kid to SCAT swim meet at Texas City Natatorium. Lots of mosquitos on the parking lot. 
@mommagoth Brandie went but we had to catch a plane back to Kansas City for Blake's gramma's memorial service. 
I'm wishing I could hit City Market, but have too much yard work to do 
@BrookeJasmyn You bitches (&amp; I mean that in a goodway) r like the black Sex &amp; the City...always out in NY doing shit!!!  I miss SATC....
@OhMyGOFF i wanted to do that but i hurt my knee last weekend running the VT City marathon 
Meh, been walking around the basement parking lot at Senayan City for around 10 minutes. I forgot where I parked  http://myloc.me/25Py
@MCDiabeats LOL, Park City. I lol'd. But I feel bad for you 
Great couple of hours walking round City with Walk London. Now back to hours and hours of marking 
Raining in Park City 
Oh, how I'm longing to play in my City by the Bay. 
@ the dominican salon gettin my weekly wash n set on... Mad that I'm gettin it done this late...wtf? Missin the BBC shit in City Island 
WOOOOOOOO! Guns N' Roses' Paradise City .  Man, I sure miss the 80's. 
Bummer. Son lost his job in Mexico City along with everyone else cuz the newspaper is broke. 
Heading to Ybor City for Sushi with my bud Jason. Fam is in Tx.  
SORRY TWEEPS: im outside the City rite now.....and my 3G fone is NOT being 3G'ish...I'll reply later...sorry guys 
 Oh Lebron. Sex and the City will cure my sadness temporarily.
Anybody know where the Jet City/Bellingham Roller Betties afterparty is? My class ran late and i couldn't get to the bout 
Up watching the Sex and the City movie - finally!!! (I'm a combination of  Carrie and Charlotte.) And I'm now missing NYC even more! 
Leaving Atlantic City...... Didn't win anything 
Sufan Stevens was going to be on Austin City Limits again tonight and I forgot to record it 
It got drenched at Silver Dollar City today.  My life is ruined
@carnalis it was an excellent meal - will divulge fooderotica later ;-) woke with toothache in the night  City walk for exercise today 
@andietweets too bad  City ordinance here goes in to great detail (2pp worth) WHY you can't have more than 1 pig - funny ;-)
I love my house and I love my room and I love KC! I wish I didn't have to go back to Forest City   &lt;3 CJ
Everyone Is either in Ocean City or heading to Ocean City today...except me! so much for ruining my life 1st semester!!now summer classes 
Good haul today. Buffalo and cukes and beets and breads. No mushrooms!    guess I can live for a week ;). Cappuccino @ City Dock Cafe now.
Stuck in Elk City OK. 
I think we're the Detroit Lions of the Circle City Athletics league 
leaving Ocean City   Great time though and better (best) anniversary EVER
@R_City all this talk about microwaves and cooking...now I'm hungry, but I'm stuck at work 
Tomorrow the lil brothes and i go to Oklahoma City 
Bummer City. The art of Norman Rockwell at the Detroit Institute of Arts ends today! I completely forgot and now I'm gonna miss it 
Stuck in in Panama City!  Brother in law's truck won't start  http://myloc.me/2cYa
Trey Songz  is in the Queen City tonight wish i could say im gone be in the building but it is highly questionable at this time 
I really wish I somehow space traveled with Elroy into New York City. I miss the city and its bustling streets 
Went to Carson City to find shoes fir spinning. I had no luck.  I'm going to Sacramento next weekend to find some.
Please tell me I don't have to listen to &quot;Paradise City&quot; by Guns N' Roses looping the entire time this game update downloads... 
Hell City is over     now it's time for clean up everything...
Rays lost  oh well... Ybor City tonight again. Gotta show the boyfriend the rest of the nightlife sights! Bro's graduation tomorrow!!
Why does the City of Yarra Library website stop working so often? 
Loves the U City Loop....I just wish it was closer to home 
ahh, i was playing Restaurant City on Facebook then it had an error  Ahh!
Restaurant City @Facebook is bugging up again.. 
as much as I hate Gatlinburg &amp; find it to be a redneck haven, I'm going there in 2 weeks..... too bad we can't go back to Atlantic City 
In Oklahoma City looking at stacked rigs 
Thank you all for the Emmy and #ip6 congrats! That said, it's a sad day here at the Ocho since our beloved City Bean has closed shop. 
@ual767ord  but this should make you laugh! MD: Eating while swimming in the ocean is prohibited. (Ocean City)
Migraine City. 
is really ultradeppressed I couldn't find Owl City tickets for Laurla 
@crowderband no Kansas City dates? 
is watching Sex &amp; The City, painting my nails, and missing Meesh. 
@Along4theRide Well, the Sioux City one will be awesome! You are going to Corn Palace, right? I won't be at the SIoux Cit one 
in Kansas City on biz for GHA.   Ug, another hotel room....  
Destination: City Channel studios. Nervous! And very tired 
Barry in talks with Man City   Why!!!!
@cloverdash Never used to mind Barry but I have to officially hate him now he's joined Given at City 
Oh dear. Why has Gareth Barry gone to Man City? I thought he wanted Champions League football. Money, money, money, money... 
cried a little bit at Holby City! Bad times! But I liked Maddy and didn't want her to die 
im facebooking and waiting for Sex and the City to start. i wanna party hardy! and i don't want him to be away for so long 
@splatnuk haha, I think they accidentally did a couple times. Sidehackers had a rape scene and City Limits got the umbrella-treatment. 
@AronBender Last one starts at 3:30pm at IMG in Century City...  What time are you done?
@Brian_Oneal I know you just be lyin' to me  lol take me to Magic City...we know u been there B4! I need to apply for a job lol
One more cup of tea and then I need to make my way to N1 City 
Day trip to Philly... thinking about punishing myself by NOT going shopping in Center City before my meeting... 
Turning down a free 2 week stint in NYC = a depressed Ashley!  Trying to focus on work instead of thinking of my last trip to the City...
getting ready for work  but yay! I get to live in America's most European City!
@KirstyHilton Ahh no!  suppose you could always try afterwards aswell? As there's no way you could miss them leaving at the City Hall!
City living just got more expensive. $100, to be exact. 
@samplesize If by Park City you mean Tampa, then definitely...I won't be in Utah til June 27 
Seems just like yesterday I was walking out of Salt Lake City International airport. Dude, 5 more days 
Can't wait to enjoy God's beautiful Panama City Beach in the morning. It's much needed plus my tan is wayyyy past its due date 
i send mail liv and write about me  i am guildmaster www.sotc-gaming.com Saints Of The City we r play wow 5 year and realy want join beta
@pokernut Indeed indeed!  It's cold and rainy in the CIty today 
@reikun We don't have a good Indian place nearby, and the place I used to get kick-ass chicken vindaloo in Century City went away. 
heading down to The City... and yes it is cloudy again! 
Is listening to Owl City's new song... I'm in love. I'm so sad I couldn't go to the concert last night 
@Donghotti  :TORONTO chicks got me in a DAZE!!! --+ lol I like the other cities girls descriptions better  I wanna be from Chi-City or TX
@yvonnechristina I guess that leaves me w/ out a tour guide for LA then if u go to Sin City. 
Beautiful afternoon in Century City, and why am I still in the office?  http://pikchur.com/avF
City and colour never sounded better, currently. 
@RobertDwyer actually out here, Domino's varies according to City.  When I lived in Huntington Beach, it was awesome.  Here?  Not so much 
City in the rain.  
Why does that part in Sex and the City the Movie always make me cry... 
Alex lost his wallet. We're going insane. Anyone know where it is? We're thinking Kanawha City. 
@solipsistic Ginger candy is the greatest! Need to stock up on it. I work at the City College Library--no Bob. 
Has anyone been watching Holby City?  I love Maddie...
Last day in Sin City  we literally have to do a million things today cuz we pussied last night and was drunk by midnight
watching The City!  until my mom goes out to a party so i can talk with yall 
lots of road paving over here in Union City, traffic 
is happy to be back at his parents house, after a fun and full day in Atlantic City. Only two more days before we go back to work 
Bajando Detroit Metal City live action!!!! DAMN Leechers, seed more!!!! 46kb/s de 500 que es capaz esta red 
Mayne, I can't sleep. I'm watching episodes of Sex in the City to help me sleep &amp; its not working 
shoot! i forgot and am missing &quot;Sluts in the City&quot; tonight at the bar. too late/too lazy to go out now 
Listening to some Owl City.  I have a feeling its going to be another sleepless night. 
Last night in Denver......This weekend has made me homesick!!  Up early for Church a Bike Race at City Park and my Flight back to Houston 
headacheeee  watching New Jack City and about to drift off to sleep. goodnight twitterfam!
My yellow car spun out.  in Kansas City, KS http://loopt.us/6fkJTA.t
City2Surf trainning day 6: 8.18km in 60mins with 5 min walking warm up and cool down. Avg pace 7:19. My legs are going t be sore tomorrow 
I went to Senayan City last Thursday and found great shoes which didn't have my size  then today at F21 no rosary necklace + black beanie.
has hurt her back fighting off a drunken tramp this morning in Wakefield City Centre!!!  
Playing Restanrant City currently, in need of 3 tomatos 
I've lost GossipGirl, 90210, Desperate, The City etc. The one and only tvshow I'm following has ended, THE HILLS 
Thinking of going back to City of Heroes.. Though mostly empty.. Miss my toon 
@madlyv Virginia.I hope you do another movie in Memphis..The City miss you 
Sunday morning isn't the same without the City section of the Times 
@tinosmithy I miss Lost Vagueness  but Trash City is pretty cool.  I'm significantly cheered now thank you :-D xx
@hgbags noooooooooooooooooooooooooooo I need two coin purses!!! pommier and Raisin    I also need a SGH City 
toured a beautiful building today in Old Town with lovely condos. Too bad they're out of her price range.  
@babystar21 I had to read City of Glass for my Spanish Grammar class and now I have to write an 8 pages essay about it. 
Fantasy writer David Eddings dies in Carson City home   http://ping.fm/sZ5jT
just arrived from the City!! pheeww...mixed feelings 
is pissed off: London City Airport is bringing queueing to a new level 
Morning all, the City smells like poop this morning.  and i seem to be the only Person in my Office doing any work...... Again not nice!
had a wonderful weekend with the best people ever &lt;3 thanks guys!! but now I wanna be in the Burgh for the City of Champions parade! 
@walterpike LOL!  Poor disconnected doggie!  Back from Sun City &amp; downloading 100 e-mails 
@erin_lucas your not returning to The City?  http://myloc.me/3UQG
I took the longest train ride into the City!!! seriously felt like I was going to another state. 
Sitting here in Dallas waiting on my flight back to the Queen City. Do you believe I have to go to work when I get back? Damn. 
@lemezma sowwy   My mind is still @ Sun City!  Focus Joy!
@adammshankman Lucky duck! I went to college in NYC and love love love it! I miss the City 
Ugh. Really don't want to go to bed  may just watch the Sex and the City boxset..
@BetaNyu Kansas City sucks  and IKR? xD Epic win.
A Skylit Drive - Drown the City(new version) / Burn the City(old version) good song but they shudda just stay with old version 
Is too effing hot in Mexico City! Why is Norway so far away? 
can't cheat on Restaurant City. Ownoez. 
There's already one AH1N1 case in Marikina City, specifically OLOPSC. Ah oh 
@JimAyson - I thought it was &quot;Metro&quot; Manila, not Manila &quot;City&quot;. 
Walked that damn hill up kingsbridge now I'm starving  ... Gonna have a huge bowl of cereal and watch Sex and The City 
Watching Hannah Montana the tv show! lol  the bye bye ball one!  What an ugly day in the Windy City! 
@ThomasHensel  Feeling okay, despite a slight headache.  Working on City Faeries per my agreement with Felix. ;)
Resturant City isn't opening 
@JennAWhitson said I should tweet our last convo... In order to spend time with my dad this weekend, I had to buy City Stages tickets 
@TKayla Beware.  Atlantic City casinos are not nearly as generous as those in Vegas.  Even the Enchanted Unicorn ate all my monies 
Hmmm...no aliens taking out the lines with their space ships...no 10-4 good buddy on the TEC &amp; City radio...gonna miss him! 
It was rainy and cloudy in the Windy City today &amp; WF customers had some serious SAD issues! I'm with them, when is summer coming? 
I am officially now going to Capital City for school next year, sorry guys  ill miss you
Yesterday was exhausting. I imagine if I were Catholic I would have enjoyed Vatican City more. Leaving Roma  going to Florenze!
I JUST realized why Vice City Stories only had 99 balloons to find in it, instead of 100 as the games usually do.  So obvious.
Can't play Restaurant City 
Restaurant City is in under maintenance... 
I wish I would be in my hometown of Montreal to attend the NHLTweetup... On top of that I'll be in Salt Lake City with no hockey news... 
@bengoldacre A very nice set of Caran D'Ache pencils was confiscated from me when I was 12 at Belfast City Airport  I was gutted
@sheow I didn't know you were at Garden City then! Plus I was at my mum's place while you were movie-ing. 
eating donut holes from the new Dunkin' Donuts here in Panama City Beach. There goes the healthy eating...and it's not even 9 am. 
Leaving Atlantic City with less money than I brought.   But had fun nonetheless!
I want to go to Broken City. 
I wanna go to Sac. Yuba City is boooorrriiinnngggg. 
Hi there everyone, hope your day turned out fine. Pity Cork City Sports cancelled 
Just pulled into Jeff City and it appears we have missed the big storm 
well im dissapointed with the Kansas City Royals, why do they have to have errors and no runs... 
@jayonpark yeah they are I never knew how expensive until now  ya I worked @ BBY and Circuit City
soo tired..time to watch Sex and the City, then read some more Eclipse! I wish I wasn't so obsessed 
Job hunting tomorrow. Sucks balls.  who wants to work at Roller City with me?? :p
Waiting in line at Dallas City Court in hopes of dismissing a ticket 
I tried to watch Sin City, but only got halfway through. 
is driving in a Mexico City &quot;like&quot; traffic 
I would like a Chicago Burger from Mickey D's, but both locations in the City Centre are just gross. 
Big brother talking to you: Now we have audio advertisement in the Mexico-City subway 
The Cape Town City Hall is falling to pieces! Paint peeling off the walls, cracks everywhere! It's a real shame 
You may find that Baltimore City Paper's tweets are fewer &amp; fair between lately. I've been relieved of CP Twitter duty for the most part 
Require emergency earwormdectomy - have &quot;We Built This City&quot; by Starship stuck in my head 
wow the dudes i used to crush on watchin Rap City turned out like this so sad  http://bit.ly/IENNN
@brit :-O That's impressive! When using &quot;Find my iPhone&quot; down here in Mexico City I see a 50 meters circle instead of the blue point 
Work field trip to Union City, stranded with two colleagues and a flat tire 
buying the final book of The Mortal Instruments trilogy tonight! City of Glass. so sad, It's almost over 
How come my Restaurant City doesnt load 
WOW   Jeffersonville City Council Attorney Larry Wilder was found by a neighbor who called 911 Wednesday morning.
WOW  Jeffersonville City Council Attorney Larry Wilder was found  in the TRASH CAN by a neighbor who called 911 Wednesday morning
In Kansas City, MO and it's humid here! It's been a long day 
#Goodpussy will have you watching that long ass Sex in the City movie lolol....I think I just told on myself 
@dainfamouskid18 OMG! lucky lucky lucky! i just saw her one day, when she came to Mexico City, i went to the hotel but she was tired 
@Snoookey what r u gonna do?...i wuz goin 2 vegas but i dnt have no one 2 go wit  but im goin 2 Atlantic City..so im excited
@andrewmoore24 I'm living it Salt Lake City, Utah...  
Mau ke HMV, Clarkequay, Vivo City. I want to buy lots of Korean CDs  http://myloc.me/4qcS
@Sapphiel still waiting for City Link 
@chrismou River City guy who was my lecturer. I could get a sponsored bursery, I just don't know if I want to go back to Uni for 2 years 
Goin to Oklahoma City today. All by my lonesome  haja
@guyatcarphone No joy  Was told to keep checking City Link's tracking service using my transaction number.
I wish I could have visited Kowloon Walled City before they torn it down 
Atlantic City is so gloomy today 
Going to City Hall for the civil part of the wedding. I refuse to take a purse, so I'm leaving my iTouch behind, therefore no tweeting 
@MCFC These links don't work for me - what am I missing?  Can you tell it's the closed season and ANYTHHING City helps? ;)
@ThePaulaCreamer. I really want you to win tomorrow Paula !   its a very bad thing i can't go 2 Ixtapa 2 see you playing  I'm in Mx City
- Getting ready to leave for Spring City, TN - @EzraJane I'm going to miss your show tonight... 
@jvonnedene I miss City Stages! 
@jeff_and_taxes well City Car Share took my pod away, no more car in the garage for me 
City Stages, BHam: johnny lang, mat kearney, dierks bentley, but no tyler burkum 
From the High to low,, from a nice City then back to the Jungle 
Restaurant City again! Gosh... I bought an arcade that cost $8ooo  Soo broke now (In the game of course)
Jus landed n Houston I feel dzzy and light headed!  quick change of planes and off 2 Salt Lake City! I'm sure I will sleep good there!
I wish I could go to Kansas City to see @wearephoenix. But unfortunately (kinda) I got into summer school so I'll be stuck here 
@Rush23 I just got home from V. Beach, Ocean City and Atlantic City. One day of sun over past 6 days 
Listening to Radio City and I forgot that indemand is not on on weekends 
&quot;Peace&quot; I'm leaving to Worlds of Fun (Kansas City, Missouri). I'll see you when I get back! 
Trying to fix @gracehiom bike  . Had 2 leave it @ Mountain Bike City. But will be fixed by 4pm today so we can go for a training ride 
Just came in from a trip to Dairy Queen...its blazin hott out here in the Queens City! I wonder when boo is getting home from work??? 
My hair got lopped off at the City Chase! 
Damn I wish I was goin 2 Magic City 2nite!  But I gotta work.
The race in Salt Lake City is rained out  We are driving home to Idaho now
PB&amp;J, Owl City, and boredom. 
My camera is somewhere in Panama City !!!!!!! Oh sweet relief ! However I will still have to wait a bit as I doubt they deliver on Sunday 
Wishes she was at City Stages seeing Dierks!! 
At Wal Mart Union City with inop. Couldn't find his dad's gift 
@dog_house 6.15am coach from City of Bow Street 
@cazduck Oh - City to Surf is on 9 Aug... so won't be here... 
@natechan it was at the Town Hall Woolies, so not local  BTW congrats on making the grand final in the band comp, will try to be there!
@photojack You don't list Salt lake City as a major city   I believe there is certainly an audience for photo workshops here...
WAH!!!!!!!!!!!!! Molly's going to Ocean City tomorrrow 
@ddlovato love your music. To bad I wasn't picked to blog for ur Kansas City, Mo show. 
Right. Husband is saving Empire City from zombies or aliens or squidpeople or something, I am going to bed. PS3 widow 
On my way back home from Mexico City  te quiero DF
Jennifer Aniston is filming in Atlantic City, and I'm not there! 
Another news source, Washington City Paper: http://tr.im/MetroCP    #redline
Getting all my ducks in a row for meeting with some City people. Checks and balances....again! 
hey anyone know how i can get the City Penthouse's furniture on my US account too i have the penthouse but no furniture 
@comcastcares Apparent outage for residential internet customers in Panama City, Florida. I'm affected at least 
God damn.. my fridge is emptier than the syringes in New Jack City 
UGH!  Almost 100 degrees again here in Kansas City   I'm ready for October!
@burntoutcar ugh! That has happened to me before. It's horrible!  chin up! Treat yourself to something when you get back up the City.
@nevillez I worked at City Beach most of the time i was there to be fair But no, you didn't. That sucks. Never talked to you much really. 
@sourapplemedia is that coffee house at City Center?  I miss the Italian Ice shop next door 
Is not even funny...Everyone is in NYC and I'm, well, here. Oh I missed The City  best memories ever...
Is not even funny...Everyone is in NYC and I'm, well, here. Oh I miss The City  best memories ever...
Has to work on Sunday  in Oklahoma City, OK
is on her way home and in Cedar City. Boo for leaving 
Stuck in Lauflin,  I never come here ifit wasn't for work! in Bullhead City, AZ http://loopt.us/J4fI6Q.t
@R_City life on a whole...its jus depressin 
@SweetTeaAtl1 So I watched Sex in the City for the 1st time the other day, it had nothing to do with the title, I was disappointed.. 
@shar03 Yeah. Star City daw but I guess I wouldn`t be allowed. 
@canthang is it true you guts are not playing in Ocean City the weekend of July 24th? 
@KinokuniyaAust YAYYY! I shall have to buy when I come for the City of Glass bookclub thing 
@jaredleto At the time, I was enjoying a beautiful warm evening in Studio City. 
@LFTA ...And Prince - Erotic City (Feat. Shelia E) 
@PicturePostcard search up Restaurant City application on facebook 
One of my toons on City of Heroes just sold an item for 25Mil influence.  That will NEVER happen again.  Of course, it doesn't need to... 
It's going to be 70 degrees in Salt Lake City today 
Yearrrrrbook.  in Midwest City, OK
Sushi &amp; now just prepping stuff for the fabulous Sex &amp; the City shower tomorrow  it's going to be amazing!
Love the City Supermarket in our compound. No waiting, no shouting, friendly staff and back home in 15 minutes 
is playing Restaurant City  and trying not to think about anything else ... even though she should.
@Sgcatalyst A City Clerk should be an abassador to their community, not just in the office 
I love Kansas City, but even more so I love the people in KC. We have had 3 amazing nights of spending time with really great friends 
2246 PDT Rapid City, SD Almost 18 hours driving. 
@MaryAxiotis, you picked such a nice photo   My photo I took when shopping in Melbourne City.  I loooove this Photo I'm going to frame it.
Well so far, its been a good weekend, sporting wise... Cheifs won Warriors won, now we need Man City to beat West Brom tomorrow 
All I know; is that I don't care anymore. And it feels awesome.  [Guilt-Free City.. comingsoon]; &lt;3
cant wait to see South Lake City show  haha LOL
YAY! The daily Shatt fishing quest is Crocolisks in the City. Woot! I hope i get at least one new pet tonight.  Wish me luck.
@AdamDavidd lol yesss. Lets move to Studio City 
@mckaulick Montcalm, the best place to live in Quebec City! 
@TheOtherLeslie Austin City Limits is one of my favorite shows!!    Y'all so need to have Glenn Hughes as a guest.   Take care. 
is now finishing my Cebu City Tour article. I will post the exact URL later 
@ColeWake It's a B-E-A-utiful day in Music City 
Watching The City ..... 
@vsevani LOL hiiii V!!! geat seeing you at City Walk that other day 
@White_City There ya go, Jon!  http://tinyurl.com/cqftcv
Good morning, Kansas City! And welcome to all our new followers  It's gonna be a great day, if cloudy &amp; windy &amp; 66
More Art in the City bloggage  http://jackteagle.blogspot.com/
The team won and we're going to City playoffs in May! Yay! I don't know what that really means because I've never been to City playoffs. 
Restaurant City c/o Facebook. ) Love it. 
The new City Winery in NYC combines wine tasting/making events and live music - I'm so there next week  http://www.citywinery.com/events
Today I'm at my moms store in Oldenburg City 
Hanging under-cabinet lights in the new house!  Staying in tonight and unpacking &quot;Box City!&quot;  
... Another sunny day in Gotham City ... 
Going to pick up Sex And The City. Quite excited!  (Even though I can't really be bothered)
First post woohoo! Once I get used to this twitter lark I'll be sure to update often. I'm off now to play Animal Crossing City Folk  x
@mr_trick A&amp;R people have only slightly less of an imagbe problem than City Bankers 
Bambina And The City (part 2) 
@pebbles1066 is a City 
If there's one thing I learned from River City Randsom, its that eating boosts your stats. That's why I'm having two lunches. 
W4M: Nice, tender educated woman  (Salt Lake City) 20yr http://tinyurl.com/dgev67
thanks to EVERYONE who came out to Lollipops and Rainbows! City Walk with the wonderful family! 
I love all the cute and nice Richmond City Police Officers..They rocked tonight,as usual  I adore men in uniforms 
@sethsimonds I drank Cosmos before they were made popular by Sex and the City. 
A City Of Peace - A NEW &quot;JERUSALEM&quot; 
Well done Birmingham City. Back where we belong 
Didnt particularly care for Sex and Lies in Sin City...the movie, that is. The real thing is sooo much better 
@Evy26 I hope there is still a title race - maybe Man City can do us a favor!  It was all to eat today &amp; I hope Xabi is alright.
finished watching Season 1 of Sex &amp; the City...no wonder my mom didn't allow me to watch before  i'm definitely a charlotte...LOL...XD
have any of you seen the movie City of Embers??? Just watched it and was thoroughly pleased! 
moving back to reno in 12 days  in Carson City, NV http://loopt.us/0_OV7g.t
@zacseif Owl City, for sure. 
Sex and the City, a bubble bath and wine...perfect single girl evening 
@aswinms hehe office at UB City. Opposite us is the St. Joseph's School grounds. Kids play, in whites et al. I use it as therapy 
@allaboutcricket hehe office at UB City. Opposite us is the St. Joseph's School grounds. Kids play, in whites et al. I use it as therapy 
Las Vegas was a blast!  We are now in Flagstaff, AZ (World's First International Dark Sky City) for a few days.  
Celebrating the fact that Norwich City got relegated yesterday.  Seems like myself and the awfully nice Mr Fry are football rivals!  
The music video I made for my  project for 'This City is Contagious' by @thecab is uploading to YouTube now. 
I &lt;3 Owl City. 
Watching Sex &amp; The City at my brothers soccer game. I have totally defited the purpose of coming.. Hehe 
just got home from the City Lights show  yeahhh!
exhausting day. And more to come tomorrow! City for mother's day!  can't wait minus the driving.
Great day...Rode the beach cruisers into town to see Culver City Antique Car Show. Found my next bike.   http://twitpic.com/4wn71
wonderful Gerrard scores 2 and we're at the top of the league for the moment.. Hopefully City helps us today.. 
@forkncork I'll be thinking about how many goals United are going to knock past City. How 'bout you? 
@fjkeogh Ha Thats good. Thats why I love my boys, cos they never stir up the hatred that the mighty red scum do  Everyone loves City 
You up for it City? Can you defeat Utd at their ground and cause a dent in their title ambitions ... fingers crossed that you can and do 
Legs still hurting unfortunately. Weather is lovely though!  Watching football now, hope Man. City will score soon..
1-0 to United over City.. haha 
Nana says we've been doing a lot of eating during their visit...welcome to Richmond!  City of a thousand great places to stuff your face 
started playing Resto City yesterday  http://plurk.com/p/t0pnv
Wind-blown from photo shoot @Shops of Legacy... soooo tired! *Watching Sex and the City re-runs 
I'm so addicted to Restaurant City and Word Challenge! 
Another lovely day in The City by the Bay 
@bsharwood what is #ttt? p.s. since the last time we spoke, i have actually gotten the roof done &amp; want to say that Mega City is amazing 
goodnight everyone, Iowa City... I will see you tomorrow night!!! Lukester.... woo hoo!!! 
#tdc love this presentation by James TerKeurst of Digital City 
@KerrangMagazine CKY - Carver City, when it comes out on Monday! 
@brody77 Sex &amp; The City 
@craignewmark And, I'll bet, as a little kid, you were pretty impressed with the sheer size of Radio City Music Hall!  
City walk with jimmy, andrew and jesse. Gonna buy some dodger tickets...maybe 
Listening to Owl City 
@Bolanile hey u in my City! My dirty city! 
is at Ragunan Zoo with her beloved family. It's fun! ^^ A City Woman like me is easly amazed and pleased 
@tonybarrell  I  survived a year in an inner city 90% black school in Kansas City at 16...I can deal   Worth going???
Done my 6km run, situps, planks... now making coffee and getting ready to go to Quebec City for the day! 
There's no pleasure like anticipation. Ordered 2 information design books, &quot;The City &amp; The City&quot; by C. Mieville and 2 Maximo Park CDs. 
'Brandon Walsh' is rockin the Studio City Farmer's Market. 
I'm watching the City right now, and I must say that it rocks! Whitney, you're is such a nice person and everything!  @WhitneyEVE
Going to see Chelsea today   I've missed my twinnyyyy.  Oh &amp; 4 more days till I am off to New York City!
I just relized; Owl City's music warms my heart. 
Finally moved out of the apartment in Jeff City!  Moved back to my hometown to be closer to friends and family!!!! 
@DonnaMMiller - A sprite? Not sure. Sprightly? Most likely  Tonight was Salt Lake City. I took photos, it was good.
City, on my way to the mall 
watching City Slickers 
thinks that Restaurant City on Facebook is so damn addictive. Can't stop playing it. Somehow, I know I'll regret this right before exams. 
is going to do some e-mailing for prom biz, start on homework, then memorize some more of &quot;The City Limits&quot;  mm, relaxing Sunday night.
@fartingpen i really liked the cartoonish effect and all the stars were there ..  all over awesomeness around Sin City ..
is still Restaurant City-ing. 
There's some really nice stratocumulus bouncing around behind City Tower... shiny 
#Dubai how many Twitter users in Media City? Lets count. (usage: #dmctweetcount: number)  #dmctweetcount: 1 
is playing Restaurant City 
@louis_Amundson came down for a game in Feb vs O City.  You played great!  Fun to watch 
I seriously cannot WAIT to go to the beach. June 13-20 at Ocean City Maryland. Be there or be square! 
Final day of prep for the Dedication at Meridian City Hall; hope to see you there; tomorrow eve--5-8 pm 
The Kansas City airport is crazy busy...there must be like 500 people here  pace of life, cost of living...that's why I'm moving back...
Might get to go to Quebec City August 7th to see the best band in the fuckin' world ! BLINK 182     
Addicted to Restaurant City 
WHOOOO HOOOOO The Market is back at City Hall  You will not believe how much that cheers me up.
City tonight!     Party tomorrow! I'm keeeeeen!  http://tinyurl.com/qmo5ml
Playing Restaurant City 
On the train to City Hall for a small celebration now!  - http://tweet.sg
Plecata sa-mi iau premiul de la The City Shop 
Bless Sex And The City soundtrack  http://bit.ly/O9KsZ
out of the office today. Traveling to Gulf World in Panama City Beach, FL. I am on the bus with my son and 40 more second graders 
Capital City Jazz Festival today!!! I'm so excited!!  
@runswithvampire Yes, Mortal Instruments City of Bones, but only through like Chapter 7, I'm so sleepy at night, no time, maybe Monday! 
Day 5. Left coast &amp; started climb into mountains. Now in Arequipa, 2nd City. Great place, loads of white buildings, free day now, need it 
@keithbohanna both parents from Cork City. Mandatory. 
@ Mo..@ Siba....are u going to City Island next Sat.... I need to see my girls 
Loving Owl City! And ready to rock to the ROC after work. woo! 
@DJTMONEY601 Rise and shine    Greetings from the Mile High City !
@bazutti I'll be in Atlantic City and Philly that week and weekend 
@JerineYvonne lol.. ur such a badd biitch.   Patron = My fav drink! love ya too.. uggh i need to come to Sin City &amp; visit thee big homies.
Totally scored the City and Colour setlist tonight!! Just one more thing to add to the collection 
Motion City Sountrackkk 
Jus finishin up takin a nice long walk on the Universal City walk on such a beautiful night...  now I'm ready 2 go 2 bed! I'm TIRED!
@allysonharris Owl City's the shiznit 
Owl City. 
looking at Studio City from the net, is awesome.. I want to go there.. 
do we search for lessons to lessen the pain? Damn I love Sex and the City! That was a great show. I always learned sumthin 
Just discovered Owl City thanks to Pandora. 
Watching Sex and the City movie. Can't sleep again. Hol lee!! Great movie so it's not a bad thing I suppose!! 
People-watching ; eavesdropping at Starbucks@Raffles City. There are really meaningful conversations gg on. I likey. 
Buick City Complex. Mos def. 
Eating breakfast. Then later I`m gonna freshen myself up, cause we're going to City Center today 
Playing 'Restaurant City' on Facebook. 
