Most common words for this cluster:
[('city', 418), ('area', 38), ('state', 30), ('downtown', 26), ('street', 23), ('restaurant', 23), ('sex', 21), ('county', 14), ('police', 13), ('http', 13), ('neighborhood', 12), ('mayor', 12)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'city', 0.9303737282752991), (u'town', 0.6869703531265259), (u'downtown', 0.6714316606521606), (u'citys', 0.6561421155929565), (u'mayor', 0.6420291066169739), (u'neighborhood', 0.6291763782501221), (u'municipality', 0.6285754442214966), (u'neighborhoods', 0.6192482113838196), (u'county', 0.6072319149971008), (u'municipal', 0.6008429527282715)]





spring break in plain city... it's snowing 
The first serial about my city so stupid... 
is going to priceline (city) tomorrow, but lost her 'must haves' list 
The city got cold 
@ddurgadas the waterfront is still chilly 
@zshoup you really have no idea.  i have this great city and no one to destroy it with 
Off to the city to buy paint. 
leaving the city 
got panda instead of wendys. good call! now, off to the city. i always bring the bad weather with me 
@parkerdigital wow... i miss the philly ballpark a little. but i really miss center city philly fun 
@UrbanThreshold ohhh i am so jealous i miss city island 
wanting to go to the city but its raining  gotta do homework 2
headed back to oklahoma city...i dont wanna leave killeen 
really wants to see a new dog park established in her area.  the 3 in the surrounding area are 20+minutes away... sux 
i've now been in the countryside for 2 days. Already i have left chaos in my wake.  I want to come back to the city 
i don't want to studyyyyyy!! i want to play street fighterrrrrr!! 
@lonelycomposer Little Ashes. So far no screening in my city. 
@ladyg007 its n0t in your area  lol.
i'm so sick of living in the city 
Is missing k-state! 
having problems with restaurant city.  http://plurk.com/p/paptn
last night's town council meeting: the water &amp; sewer funds are going broke and we may have to raise the rates 
oh shiet, restaurant city is under maintenance, and my staff will probably be all down when the game comes back on. 
@CrystalLadi  I ate that tongith too... and heartburn city!  
@CrystalLadi  I threw up that tongith too... and heartburn city!  
I'm sad youngstown didnt even make it on hipsterrunoffs top 500 cities 
Off to see my best mate for the weekend. He lives in a city with no Starbucks  really! I live in a city with 8.
@pauljacobson No NEOTEL in my area 
Wish my city had Starbucks.. 
Downtown for a long day at work 
i typed it up to see if mayo have one and they dont every other county has one except us  thats not fair
nin.uk is spam city again   
Its like 3 cars on the road... I miss the city 
why is it so hard to find online what daycares are hiring in my city 
I freaking hate when there's no parking on my street! 
#karachi: anp's having to shut down units + the ban on imran's visit will define the future of this city and it's capitulation to force 
restaurant city made me browser crash! 
Hangover city, not good 
needs saLad sa resto city..  http://plurk.com/p/rjw8t
is gutted about city goin down 
@wethetravis i miss you! you're in my state and i can't even see you! 
outside with my neighbors. probably not suppose to be breathing the smoke, but the whole neighborhood shook from the explosion miles away 
@terencewhiteNZ am in your faire city tues/weds for site visits, but prob not your building 
Get back 2 the city and its raining 
i'm scared to go to sleep cause the jail across from my neighborhood is transporting prisoners over there. 
Finally broke down in tearz, this city hates me  miss my friendz 2 
@BeverlyFisher aww i wish i woulda saw this message earlier, we were at the Renassaince in downtown L.A. though 
@mattmercy you should go to the city if you have a chance. No  i went to the ap tour. And i'm going to warped. But i hope i'll see u o ...
@nataliexanne i miss orange county 
@nataliefisher i'm trying to start a muggle quidditch league in my city, lolol 
think city have given up!! 
Still in the city, cold in the shadows.. 
my neighborhood is starting to get really ghetto and i'm scared 
no magic city for me 2nite.. im stayin in..   damn i need a drink!
@jbroome Not available in my area 
@sugarnspicevamp yeah mosquitoes!! The are actually pretty common here in mexico city but NOT in my bedroom! 
@carditz me 2!  cause i always fear the  police are after me again
Is it just me or does the city feel emptier 
booo...back to the city on monday 
lost at county 
back from the state library.. Not so productive tim 
@tarnoviel I don't want to find it on the street! then I'd have to turn it into the police, and they would keep 
@demonscars  I'm sorry, I know you were really looking forward to it. But, if it helps at all, if we gig in the city, you are our drummer
start playing restaurant city - didn't like it 
started playing restaurant city - didn't like it 
@Mayor_of_Twtr I don't have a yard! I live in an apartment style condo 
Walking around aimlessly in tropicana city mall.. 
for once wishes it wasn't miserable weather - but not for myself, for these people arriving in our beautiful city to THIS! 
for once wishes it wasn't miserable weather - but not for myself, for these people arriving in our beautiful city to THIS! 
@kriley19 Can you come figure out who's putting graffiti on our buildings next? 
Uurgh, city tommorow 
Packing. Then we're leaving this great city. 
going to karaoke city for mam bd. i need sleeep. 
boohooing over sex and the city  oh well, laser quest laterrrrrr ! 
@xhomecutiex aw i am sorry  that sucks. is your city sold out?
@amandaperson: moving just down the street from where im currently living actually haha. 
Just blow-drying me some clean clothing, then off to see if there is still a Moorish area in the city.  Last day of seeing the sights.  
stranded in the city for a million years trying to race for shelter lol the worst 
I'm in the city too but not going to see you 
heartbreak city in ugly betty. 
@trinarockstarr and so u know the weather isn't the best in our city right now  hopefully it will clear up later
the show was amazing in sydney! but i pulled my back  luckily sex and the city is on so im relaxing!
@Thphoenix625 aww I want to come! stupid living in a different state! 
This apartment is too quiet for new york city. I need street noise to sleep 
Downtown mpls...oh its been a while! How you have changed 
When i lived in blythe i  saw other city temps in the 60's in may n i  didn't really believe it.. I do now... 62 
Net service in my area is driving me insane 
Home from the city, wish I was still out there.. I hate feeling sickly. 
@jamasweetie06 see...u shouldn't be comin' 4 the city, u should be comin' 4 me 
Blackout in the city is never good 
They just layed off 23 teachers in the city near me  I wonder if I should be thinking about not going into that jobfield...
@tacoman667 Not available in my area  I would too
Flat tire city 
@thankthatstar i have to tell you that i accidentally screwed up the layout of the lautner_daily community 
The city officially smells like dead fish 
@NiickJonas you are too, must be very nice city, you should have more girls to their feet! 
@kdritchie77 I just tried to go back and the police blocked off the whole neighborhood.  they're evacuating the building now
I wonder how effective these street preachers are....   http://twitpic.com/67qhz
Crossing the bridge....leaving ocean city  I'm sad.
aww i feel bad cause i dunno if nicole is in the city looking for me. she's probably worried  srry hun
@deegirl825 you're just unhappy to return to occupying the same city as me  I am cry now too.
They took my property 
my cousins are going to the city &amp; didnt invite me 
At the milk bar in the city center in white plains...these peeps won't let me leave and I'm soooo tired     help lol
@therealmyah so true..upstate city life rocks...all we need now is chris bizzle. 
@StylishWanderer we live in a pretty ghetto neighborhood it was bound to happen sometime 
@MargieThiel i honestly don't know what is going on, my wonderful little neighborhood is rapidly declining. 
I hate that I have to go into the city for Borders 
city will have to wait. rain won't go away 
still lost in the what-to-wear department 
wants to play pet society and restaurant city  http://plurk.com/p/x56b1
I got an open container violation   fuck this city!
Walking the streets 
It's raining hard in the metro! wow! I can't go home! 
*menirukan brody dale* this is this the city the city of angel all i see..trnyata suaranya lebih mirip mbah surip 
Feeling crazy right now! In the city till 3 
were back in ohio  about 10 minutes outside of the city 
the city permit office is a burden on my shop construction 
We've had religious idiots prancing around the city all morning with loud obnoxious music and littering almost every street 
All state is almost over. 
i wish i still had money so i could buy an owl city t-shirt.  
@nathaliecon I want to go - but I'm in the wrong state 
@CDashMoney i think it is because they are in a venue in traverse city,  instead of the palace. they don't have the usual tech setup. 
@lucindaa eu gosto de sex and the city, @lucinda ... 
@lucindaa eu gosto de sex and the city, @lucindaa ... 
i think god secretly wants to kill me through my beautiful creative recreation shoes. 
@cavashawn this is true. my county still went red though.  and i don't think i've been there! i'm rarely over there.
@Kcatz i want to but she is heading out of the city too early 
@mayamichellerew me and @marycherry044 are down the street from you 
@SammiiSTACK dammit i wanna go to the city 
i hate being from cleveland  the city of disappointment....
Ugh ugh ugh no classic crime or owl city 
My last night in the city that never sleeps 
@jayschaub  he's what the streets been missing
@mhmlauren  i'm not in the city yet. we're going tomorrow. I'll take a picture of the city just for you and text it to you
@TrislynMarie i'm going with ross. guhh but the city is like 30 miles away from long island, so all possible stalking is off. 
google maps does not have eulogia drive balintawak quezon city.  http://plurk.com/p/xbt17
@ccake Of course you are! But it's not playing anywhere in the city 
The police totally busted us 
I don't want to be on the city pages website 
i miss tiong bahru plaza until i went t google it 
my intel on latenite downtown danceparty was bad,  seeking guidance
is level 27 the highest level in resto city?? :| no more employees and bigger resto? 
non-stop raining... streets now flooded 
On a huge the new cities withdrawal. I miss them. 
I hate going to the suburbs. 
Should be in city now... 
@itstayce yay i was supposed to see them in january down in atlantic city... but it never happened 
@singingcourtney god, i hope so!! Deirks played at our county fair back in '06 and i missed it 
@taylorswift13 all i want to do is watch your dateline special and there is a telethon on in my city. i'm so upset. 
removed city of heroes from my hd. 
home from the city &amp; still sad. 
In the city again 
bummmm city 
can't stop playing resturant city  freaken addictive
@VintageAerith I used to love doing that ^^ I don't live in a good area for that now though 
playing restaurant city and not wanting to study HRM 
I am holding on for the municipality - it is now 25 minutes and counting 
I am getting discouraged ... it is so hard finding a church in another city to get married in 
is in the county courthouse waiting to see if I am selected for jury duty. What fun! 
new york city, back in five hours ... 
office in highrise city tower is much less comfortable than lounge chair on the beach from the weekend... i want to go back 
The car isn't ready  another 3 days before I can get out of the city. So badly need sea!
@DISCOxjunkie i wish i could do that, there are no little ids around my area 
@websuccessdiva it would be nice if there were more than 52 cities listed 
@electrcspacegrl  I'm sorry!  If I was in the area I'd try and help!
If you're going to charge me that much for parking permits, the least you can do is let me buy them when I want to 
@inkcanada Not looking good as long as the gov't insists on arming their guards in a residential area.  
@markhoppus is there any possibility of a second atlantic city show? they sold out within hours of being on sale. 
must put down my book again for a long night of city council meetings. 
@iblogbetter I got mosbied a few weeks ago. it's awkward city 
wish I had a hand to hold while I walk thru beautiful center city...maybe ill just go 2 the mall instead 
This is why I left the suburbs. I detest traffic 
I will pray for them, I know that 2 of them are from my city 
I google street view cities that i want to go to - but know that i never will.   so far paris - tokyo-  new york.
My allergies are killing me. I was fine until I walked around center city yesterday. Now I am a stuffed up, sneezing mess 
Padres lost   sat next to a city councilman though and that was cool.
@stevencmiller chickened out. We were both being hit on by ghastly dudes  bummer city
going to bed... watching sex and the city... still depressed 
she doesn't want to go to the city with me.  I'm soooo bored right now. So bored that I thougt 'bout learnin' french.. :O
Wishing I was going to the plaza! 
@JulesMilmine I'd give you a massive hug, but i live in the wrong damn city 
No starbucks in cross city 
no  kentia hall classic arcade area this year evidently 
Really want to go to jaywalkers but its not looking so good... 
finished city of bones.  &amp; the ending wasn't all that great 
@sogrady the smallish state. 
Packing for me and the boy  city breaks make for tough packing
wants to play resto city.. but she can't.  *sigh*
stayin up late tonight  my restaurant city's not working  whyyyyyyy
why does restaurant city keep on disconnecting??? 
Driving 2 work...I'm in century city. The weather is horrible  http://mypict.me/2GvX
@ebassman Ahhh I know you guys are so busy you don't get to enjoy the cities you are in very much. 
@chemack I do...but I'm in a different city and don't know where the smoke is...I smoked everything on the way here 
Some lady on the metro bus made me feel really really old... 
on to my beloved west london community? as a local girl based in the area,  this makes me very dissapointed indeed  .
The strangest thing, I think, about suburbs, is that all the buildings are short. And there are no trees. 
@kicks_city omg! That looks good and I'm so starving right now. Thanks 
Mayor Funkhouser denied me a picture with him. 
@radiofootage You didn't tell me you were in the neighborhood. 
@mileycyrus i wish! i dont live in the area 
There is so much I want to succeed in, but I have no oppotunties in my current state of mind and location. 
our electric is out again, its a blackout in the entire neighborhood  ugh i'm scared of the dark.
Downtown nash with the girls, wish vicksta was here 
@digitalmaverick It makes me ashamed to live in the county. 
So I'm in a rich as area of west co and hookahs dope but I don't know anyone!  @itsdumdun @kpexi I lovee u primosssss u should come ;))
i hate sleeping alone  i need to remedy that when i get back to the city. got to be a good kisser though bc nothing else is going down!
I &lt;3 the city at night. It's raining though 
Still getting used to the fact I live in a new city now. I miss being in the Philippines, and I miss my fiance 
@gfalcone601 aw now i'm hungry. theres no starbucks in my city 
more thesis shenanigan, while I could be partying at the gay pride going on downtown 
wishes she wa sin the city with steve! 
bored back in B-county 
i admit, i am addicted, to restaurant city 
@MaryWebbJones unfortunately no  folks in my immediate area
@hnprashanth how was startup city??? had plans to come but dropped it at the last min 
@seraphina0013 no  im going to david archuleta in my city instead =D
@lovebrijones  its with city colleges so ive been here from 1045 and prolly wont leave netime soon 
Is finally back in a signal area. I felt so lonely. 
just 5 more hours without water!!  NO WATER for the whole city.. well not 0 water available, but almost nothing.
@timhanssen @mishimmy lives in salt lake city, utah. She says she's coming out to visit... but hasn't yet! 
Really wann go to the city right now buttt I can't 
@iamjonathancook ahhh I really wish I was in the city, I was gonna go to the city tonight but ended up not going 
Its so ugly in my city right now 
I hate day marathons, impossible to avoid and now im into sex and the city and shortland street 
@showtime757 maaaaaaaaaaan. who knows. talkin to laila right now. tryin to decide. between the 3 places available in this area! 
High school alts outside of rock city studios blasting 3oh!3 in the Chinese food parking lot. Never had this when I was a tween 
I dont want leave my city!! snifff 
At city island with my peeps  booo a hangover! 
@Bobbistarr really wish I could but its a two state commute. 
Up early for my photoshoot tomorrow in the city; need sleeeeeeep 
not the city, just the people 
@amado13 you never in the city and if you are you dont tell me. 
@yeshenia I hear dat...I was craving city island this evening too...but no takers...  lol.
I need to move to a mainstream area 
Downtown portland is boring whn ur broke   Why does every1 hv a cover charge????
Sleepless in the city....and yet I have to be up a few hours 
Screaming, police and ambulance at the flodders across the street at 7:30... sounds like domestic violence  What a lovely neighbourhood!
the trees in restaurant city....kuripot 
@miershyk it was at a pretty deserted road...it's usually a bustling business area but it's a sunday here, so yeah, pervert heaven? 
plurk and restaurant city is sooooooo slow. 
@I_enigma doesn't help that every time a tower is proposed, a small but very vocal minority of residents ensure it doesn't happen 
headache city. not loves it! 
says restaurant city takes forever to load  http://plurk.com/p/z3h0s
hangover city 
the sex and the city movie makes me cry 
There is a street fair and I have to work!!!! 
@firstface There is no summer in our city 
@mrskutcher i have to say i have been to the states twice and it really affected me to see so much pain. san fran was worst. city of love 
Leaving ocean city... 
@cav23 cause I love my city. I won't be here in 2 months 
Taking care of my sister! I think she has had an ocean city over dose. She does not feel good! 
@djjazzyjeff215 I know you said its done but like others, just sorry my city is so fucking whack!! 
@MrsNorton radio city &gt; than theatre at madison square 
@lzigman And we wonder why we rank so highly on most dangerous cities list 
@ashKIDash lmao I've been all over..but I moved from the city not to long ago 
@Grynch206 up at the same neighborhoods..  what's some good bars up there? http://myloc.me/3T08
@adammccombs Doesn't appear to be available in my area yet. 
@misskeribaby omg you were in my city and I didn't know 
@kicks_city I started developing kinda early 
@kicks_city I know right? I need help 
Not even out of the city limits.. And i miss him like crazy.. 
@djmakasi but I love watching 'sex and the city' in my bed  what I don't love is exams!it makes my head big and heavy :/
Waiting in the airport to leave the amazing city that is nashville  i want to stay but with all my people though
didnt manage to get in restaurant city !! nooooo..!!! 
I'm back from school and city now, i'm very overtired ! 
@mrrowe8 He lives in the same city, just no longer with ME.  
@CityGirl912 It's banned in enclosed public places here, but that doesn't include the street 
leaving the city 
I'm freaking roasting in this courthouse. 
Just when I think I know my city well enough, I get lost 
~ Weeds later! Mayor, Mayor, please be your old self once again. 
@vagrancy   blame @theisb, he started it!
@southern_storm I don't have one here, but I used to when I lived in a city 
@LovelyBmarie thank you for the schooling...my street cred must suck now 
@HfWood I'm in the city or you could come over 
@girlcanrock ugh I can't decide  And I shouldn't laugh because I would be worse if I just saw him on the street(:
@Swandel nah never got tickets expensive day out and i've got a holiday to think about 
I've officially joined the &quot;my bike got stolen in the city&quot; club...gotta love city living..or in my case, sudo-city living 
@Caitcaitylin I'm lost  sex in the city coloring? Lol
@vilcsak that's rough  where has this city gone?
Listening to owl city, and not looking forward to studying 
needs to stop leaving his possessions strewn about the city 
there are helicopters and cops everywhere***around my neighborhood. rumors of robbers lately...scary  
i need an astro chair in resto city 
serious GPS fail!! hate the city 
resto city isnt workin 
@kbsieg If it was near my neighborhood, I'd join u 4 trivia, but 2 far 4 me. 
I will miss this city  this will always be home.
I always have evening meetings come up when the downtown pub crawl comes around. 
I'm going out to c wat is going on in this cursed city. will be with u later, &amp; i cant c ur replies. sorry  #iranelection
I'm going out to c wat is going on in this cursed city. will be with u later, &amp; i cant c ur replies. sorry  #iranelection (via @Mirriaam)
In the city 
@BAYBAYBAYvh1 I wish I cud come c u  only the nxt city over!!!!
@nmerrigan not there  I'm  in the city
@GamerTraveler It's a beautiful city and there's so much culture you can't possibly experience it all in a month.  I miss the opera. 
@artbymags  i hate that thrift city is only on the west bank 
owl city sold out. i'm crying 
I wanna go to salt lake city, but no one will go with me. 
now at state. working until 5:30 
Now I'm back in the city, but thoughts of you here with me are everywhere. 
not going to the city after all 
I miss watching paranormal state... 
i think we got new neighbors... across the street 
@caseyore can't wait to spend my evaporating tax budget on a citywide election too. But let's care about the mayors foreclosure problems. 
@mikepratt i've only driven around manhattan once and honestly, this city needs help with its road signs.  hope you get it back soon!
I wish you could get less greasy hot food in the city 
headed to the city for the nite.. court in the mornin  pray they don't take me away!!
@SuzeOrmanShow they don't serve my area yet 
over this city being so small... 
@TamboManJoe but has not come to my city.. i want LVATT 
@theshannonbrand law suits against police stations usually fail miserably, unfortunately 
@djdannyc I'll be in downtown! ...working 
@sin_andbone awww *hugs* me too... to bad we're not in the same city.. 
@ryanakasct how are u gonna @ me without really @ ing me? &quot;/ and howare u goin to my city w/o me 
down nnman si restaurant city  
@lewisusher central station? I was just in the city. I COULD have abused you if I wanted..... 
@kiannasick haha because i used to live in that neighborhood! it's so awesome... i miss it everyday 
grr, restaurant city is under maintenance 
@overlordbubbles I'm very well thank you mr bus driver ;D i'm on the horrible metro centre one  I want to see you soooon!
don't want to get out of bed  getting ready, then meeting friends in the city!
@VivaTheBlock aw man!!!!!!!!!! That sucks!  we will be in the same tri-state area atleast
http://twitpic.com/7m3sb - I miss this city. 
both restaurant city &amp; bejeweled are down! 
They're bulldozing the wooded area next to my apt building  #fb
Morning twitterverse. On my way to this Supv meeting pissed cus my head still hurts 
Sitting in the metro and going to work... 
@VictoriaPolice melbourne is becoming very violent &amp; I don't feel very safe anymore. What is happening to our beautiful city? 
why does HE have to live in the same street as me eugh! 
@BellaVendetta66 come back to california! this state misses you 
@SammyClaire There's a parade for the Lakers and all of downtown is probably blocked off! 
i'm hungry , waiting to eat at city buffet 
there is no summer in this city 
Realized how behind schedule I was - have to head back to the center of the city 
Sitting at parish council 
The metro is scaarrryyy 
I'm bored to death here in this city 
feeling super bummed. it's lonely out here in the woods. i miss my city. 
Less than 2 weeks left in this city. 
why isn't away we go playing in the great state of tennessee?  
ugh. I hate living in the country sometimes. if I lived in the city, I could totally pay someone to bring me some beer right now... 
@SarahAnastasia_ so jealous of you being in my favorite state 
@pvandyke nah, circuit city 
Meeting with all department...  !! http://myloc.me/4fLv
I swear, the only thing keeping me out of misery is knowing @ddlovato's in the city and guitar club this afternoon....i'm still sick. 
restaurant city lelet abis! temen ansos gw.. hhfff.. 
dang, my resto city people won't cook.. 
rainy day in new york city, again.... 
in madrid for an extra day or two.. what a beautiful city, it's so damn hot though 
@daisydukelba @chassuz @chirish01 you're torturing me with your delicious breakfast related tweets.I have to wait until I get to the city 
eff morning city traffic 
@sapphire_city you seem like your in a bad mood 
@katiehuntsman I should have known that you would be all over that one. hahah on a sad note she's not going to be any city around me. 
wondering what it is with all the new parks in the area with no playgrounds  
@therebelution yay welcome to my city! I'm sorry I won't be able to make it. 
@sapphire_city it seemed like it sorry 
@xxYOitsALEXxx no just lives down the street not for long though 
@ckcyn ??? are you talking about drinks in the city - 
Beyondd upset.. No city tonight 
just so you don't die when i tell you later, i did NOT go to that city hall reception thing tonight.  @michaelengle
We got kicked out of the press area 
@lovehound hmmm...not much green in the city 
Doing language's homework, i'm so boriiing! i wanna play restaurant city but i have to do this! 
owl city was sold out 
but i miss my apartment, and the city, and work. bein out in the woods is gettin old. 
i want to go panama city again  the resort place was awesome!!! 
@vishnurajan that's my neighborhood  I miss it.
@smoochum aw boo  the pens just won the cup! the parade downtown was unreal!
Downtown is fantastic...minus forgetting my id 
Is driving into the city. 
@KatrinaBTW that would make me so paranoid. I have them around our area too and they are really aggressive here  I know what you mean
im babysitting in the city.. waiting for jared to show up. borrriinng.. 
in my most favorite city bored as the hell. 
@Helasia leprosia leprasia, tomato tomarto ;) im pretty sure its markowicz. i fucking hate the city loop my service constantly cuts out 
@jameegie no  but we drove through the city it's in!
waiting for ceh to reply..haha..my resto city people still won't cook.. 
@OverTheMadness oh I already plan too but I live up north from the city &amp; rarely go near that area 
If only the wifi in this foodcourt covers all area 
@evanandrews I bet it is, haha. I've been there a couple times, but I never got to really explore the city. 
@gemma_kiely I'm drinking at caulfield  I believe we're leaving soon for the city. I hope.
restaurant city level 6; so lame 
city is definitely waking up. I should stuck to my orig plan, get there at 6 
i want to visit capitol again.  crap
@seattleweekly damn I was in your city just a year ago 
My iPhone isn't even in my city yet 
i want a balenciaga city bag and louboutin's! but they are way to expensive for me. 
going to the city with angelina ! 	I don't want to go  and the weather is soo bad
@JustinHerman there you go! But it's not in the district 
Downtown, waiting for the bus to come... It doesn't come for 15 minutes though 
@cheesecakemc all we do is walk up and down rundle  hate being under 18 in this city!!
@amandastewart that sounds awesome! Wish I had a pool, but I'm in the city  ...I could swim in the river with the bums I bet!
@evearoundworld i dunno. i only know my city 
Ugh! The weather is in fulton county  damn near to lucas county border!
@lovelybrack My new crush is coming to your city for pride, im so jealus. 
i don't want to go to the graduation  i wish i was wif valerie in da city, at least i get to hear these beautiful car honks &lt;3
back from downtown.... really not feelin so well 
I would like to runaway from this city right now, thank you very much 
@Octostone he has not. but alas i am nowhere near your fair city 
downtown with blakes &amp; alex. eric hutchinson is sold out  
@mitchellwojcik your state is nicer. especially right now! 80 degrees and sunny! this is killing me. 
Trying to make it from the eastside to make it to jasonssss bdayy dinnerrrrr 
@brandilynneliz What city are you in? It sounds like you've had a really really bad day.... srry 
@rosewal But only outside buildings 
i miss the big city 
Couples fighting on the street 
@Mayor_of_Twtr I so would  but I can only have 2 pets here and I already do 
@_angieruiz i missed the first one and i missed what street you lived on and some other one 
@Mayor_of_Twtr i used the site to lose a bunch of weight before my wedding... it's just become too cluttered for me over the yrs 
didn't get the job at city center 
ready to go, but look a state 
wishing i was in the city with the girls 
sitting in the train back 2 my city 
@TaylaMcCloud yes. that homophobe from the peak district will be there 
@LilDroppa i dont know  ..i dont know what buildings are there Haha
in a bad state 
@sherylk1515 Thanks! Last year we left during the first of many storms that ended up flooding our city 
Special forces and plain clothes are in most main streets of the city and they jusy beat ppl with anything they reach!  #IranElection
@PerfectGent718 dammit!! i'm just seeing this now.  what's happening tonight? i may hit the city
This city is so gross 
@airtrafficlive I wish i was still in sheffield to see u guys,guttered i missed it  i'm sure my adopted home city will show u much love
I'm missing @jennaglynn, my boyfriend, and of course the city 
Really really really don't want to go back to the city 
@Stfargher I wish I was on your couch playing city of heroes 
@house_of_wolfie It sucks so much  Why did it have to be in the metro and why does my city has to be this big? 
The police are scaring me. 
Finally going to leave soon back to the casa in the state next to cali 
if anyone is in the city could they PLEASE bring me chocolate? and throw it on my balcony so i don't have to move 
if anyone is in the city could they PLEASE bring me chocolate? and throw it on my balcony because i can't move  it's so yuckkiii
 darn you city, I just want to leave!
had to dance outside in the city, but when the rain started to fall, they cancelled it.  I didn't even dance! 
I wanna go to traverse city! 
aww i dnt wana leave the downtown is great here and so was that bed 
NOWAREHOUSE shut down by the police. they're looking for new spaces to have shows in bmore. help them bruthas out. police= 
@chellelilbmore i just heard about that  u from dc area ?
Seriously looking into this whole pole dancing exercise thing. Too bad there aren't any classes in my city 
Watching Mayor Fenty announce that 4 people died on the metro red line.  
oh no! it's 4 people who died in the dc metro crash - dc mayor saying it's the deadliest accident ever in the metro system. 
Waving goodbye to my city 
@spazxtastiic haha it still is here in mass.  and I play for a club called sj barons.. We play home @ winslow and ocean city.
I love the nightlife. I've got to boogie 
@krystheilen  I actually liked that title: The Mayor of Twitterville.
... so my classmate killed himself after the police chased him through several counties. Wow. 
charged by the police again, 5 times now. will be surprised if i dont get chucked out ! 
i miss the city  ... either would currently be sufficent!
@lilmiskrys not on the westside 
@rsl Just another community to destroy. What wrong with them? 
@dbaumz ughh i knowww!!!!!! but im back in the city now tho 
I really wish I had time to explore the city... 
Wish I was in the city right now 
@burnhalomusic it sucks i cant see you guys when you come back to johnson city, tn because you have to be 18.  i was looking foward to it.
I LOVE L.A the people here are so different then my city 
If the police are going to domstrate on the street, there must be aomthing wrong with the hong kong government. 
@KAGS4 No.   But only because I am in the city tomorrow.  So I will get it then. I really did want him to go tonight though.
misses the city lights 
i'm bored was supposed to go to the city but i'm sick 
is worried about Mayor's paw, he hurt it somehow. 
I hate living in the city sometimes 
now that ive reached the top level in restaurant city, its boring na 
@JeremiahDaws And yet the state is still broke 
ugh.. no resto city!!! 
@sapphire_city i never had this many nightmares in a week except when i was little but i had a reason to have that many now i dont 
@sapphire_city it was also like i knew why she wanted me to follow her because when i looked at she looked like she wanted to kill me 
@sapphire_city i only have one friend now and me and him sometimes fight 
@sapphire_city sometimes its even hard when those things arent happening 
@khouryrt i really want to sample some.. but no good restaurants in my city! 
@sapphire_city change roast to ham sorry 
My roommate just left me!!! It's lonely city!!! 
@delhidreams  Sadly, yes! However in the south in places far from urban centres, women wear only saris.
cough city 
Leaving th city soon  very tierd done my fair share of walking!
In paper cut city...clicking my red heels, wishing I were home in bed 
So my computer is in this city but I wasn't here to sign for it so I still don't have it 
@DylzWexford: motorbikes are so much more fun than electric bikes.  we rode around the city on one yesterday, new summer activity i think.
@robluketic whaaaa??  what's goin on in the A?  i love my city 
is playingggg restaurant city 
@cmgangrel typical metro, can't even get that right. 
reading city of ashes. didnt really get that into city of bones but we'll see 
@thomasjkeeley dayton ohio tea party held at courthouse square, downtown dayton.  
@dcvegan thanks... looks like I may be heading into the city tomorrow.  
@AmandaFPatton haha, well it's never a permanent state for me (offline) 
I love my city 
In the city for the day. So glad it's sunny out right now 
Shopping in the city tom. 
@captainteapot i am meeting the beydoun later! apparently her fave neighbourhood is the area i'm living in 
is excited to be working for the city in a month! 
getting ready then city with the fam for the dayyyy 
I'm going for a walk...around the city 
We are headed downtown for a fiesta! 
@ddlovato where in germany are you?? cause I live in frankfurt the city with the big airport 
@mileycyrus where in germany are you?? cause I live in frankfurt the city with the big airport 
Downtown naperville with nikki abby and michelleee. text mee. 
loves this city 
stoked on getting my city and colour tickets. 
I have a date with my couch and sex and the city! 
county fair 
Downtown wilmington...  asher roth is on the fucking radio.
@anthonylewry sex and the city 
is in the city with tits mcgee 
state property 2 
@minuchawla Yes, yes, street pavement will be available only after election of constituency candidate itself 
@alyne_ actually it's like a party all over the city. we're roasting meat outside. i'm going in and out 
watching sex and the city  amanda would be proud
@radio_rocket have a great time in the city tday 
yay city with catey and suzi tomorrow. 
 come on city !!
I love my city  http://twitpic.com/3lbbt
is wanting to load up the moving van again and live in a new city! Just have to wait a few more years! 
@onemikefitz u lucky s.o.b.! have fun showing sin city what's good 
@luclatulippe wave at us down the street! 
is in her favour-ite state 
@Maddygirl a rather calm and relaxing state right now. oh you mean state, state. lol. i'm outside of philly pa 
successfully converted another male into a sex and the city fan... well atleast got em to watch it  finally ready to head to the city...
@hippienaustin... I can't spell.... I'm coming to your city...  
@iwillmakeulook they said i had a 1trillion dollar bar tab... i couldnt argue. i had fun. good to see you..  queen city ftw!!!!!!!
is playing restaurant city on facebook 
I love seeing people on the streets. The city is alive! 
just discovered how stupid our IT department is 
waiting for heather to come over- hit the streets 
@kennedymaine fuck boston police. they're just anal about you guys getting beat up by the hobos on the side streets of Bahhston 
@wavilyem Thanks ! Either is fine with me. I like looking around the city. 
I am back twitter community ! 
@ankita_gaba No nothing like I travel less. I drive around 1500kms + a month in the city  (considering its not mumbai its fairly high)
@selenagomez- check out owl city... it's some amazing music...trust me 
i am absolutely fine and watching the last episode of sex and the city again 
@macster7 i know right. keith urban is following me too. haha 
@SuziDK I wish! I can't right now. I'm walking down the street! 
tweeting from the county library 
On my way to the city for film shoot 
Just came back from the city 
Downtown disney. 
@davidhiggerson well it is the second biggest city 
@guitarman82 Looking forward to it!!  (i'm excited to finally get to visit the great city of smackover!!!  )
In the city that never sleeps, I am following suit 
in the bed watching sex and the city until I fall asleep. I want to be carrie bradshaw, with a mr. big and all 
oslo city run is 1500 long 
sewing cards again tonight... but for now restaurant city! 
making breakfast,washing clothes, cleaning the dogs , &amp; watching sex and the city 
headed back to the queen city then going for a greenway run 
fair city now! 
@alittlebit oops, tweeting temporarily interrupted there! just driven round the local area and been to my first mall 
is watching the sex and the city movie 
@jpstarra i think i'd like to! but what about hanging out in the city instead? darling harbour starbucks! 
http://twitpic.com/4j0o4 - From my residents 
thinking of moving, but where to!!!! get me outa this little city!    
@imhotshyt i can tell ! you're constantly taking pictures whenever you're there, haha. &amp; you should kidnap me if i can't come to the city 
is playing restaurant city. 
city in a bittt. 
@evanmcbroom I'm sure Mayor Brainard will be thrilled to hear that you're a fan. 
@justmebo fortunately they have a #baller waiting area 
@ metro with achan 
Ouutside in the city talkin to trey trey  i misssed him
Downtown drinking celebrating the cavs victory!!! 
awesome night in the city 
@Mayor_of_Twtr Beautiful! 
Downtown was fun tonight  The walk back to the car was rediculous lol
@clairecmc wow that's so cool that your mom was elected to the city council! I can see how it was embarrasing for a 9th grader! 
I will miss being the best dressed female in the city tho..... 
http://twitpic.com/4yopk - i love my city. thank you @shotgunchic for coming with me 
I discovered another relatively quiet area to sit in uni 
@DanielleMORRILL that works well if he's applying at king county sanitation district for a software job. otherwise, keep working 
@hbowly are you in the city? when are we having a beer? 
in the city &amp; tonight cinema 17 again 
To another city! To another game 
@darlinggoldie ONE of which better be passing state board!! 
@missminika let us know where in the city where you'll be @!  
@saigonnezumi is there an openelectrolyte-community? 
there restaurant city is now working  this is kreysi
is playing resto city.  http://plurk.com/p/uakjc
i mean safe journey to salt lake city 
@MusicIsHealthy ooh, can understand that really!  munich is a good city to live when you like going to concerts. torgau is not. xD
@v_a_l_ yes, i got into birmingham city university. i can't wait! 
going out for some walk and explore the the surrounding area 
@MitaAswanti fine...can't wait to go back to d city  this is very userfriendly site.
@PleasureNPain but then?what does it mean?I'm at home,celebrating my bday  but now have to travel back to my city of university! laaaaters
district-9 is absolutely amazing. I can not wait until it comes out in theatres! 
westside is open! 
@chronicdancer I know it's really sad I'm always going to be around, and when your in the city you give me a call 
@chocokat718 hello back  {look at me speaking for an entire city!}
sitting back home in fuquay watching sex and the city 
Is chillin n the city wit his friendssss!!!! 
@taylorswift13 welcome to our city!  we managed to get the earthquakes out of the way before you got here 
And if Shanghaiers were asked, they'd be surprised to learn of the existence of an entire country beyond city limits 
@anthonyblears nice area to specialise in 
zoo was rad today. feeling tired and not motivated to clean. sex n the city in bed i think 
@twisst ok, I'll change it to city and state 
@wanderblah Another foodie? I thought beef was criminal in the city of dreams! Thanks for that hint too! 
Is watching sex and the city....again!! 
moving to the center of the .. city .. soon 
Headed downtown with the besties this should be fun 
@harshrealm112 yes! back here in the city.  you coming over?  
@LightFoundDark where are the fairgrounds? 
@jmebbk  do tell...when are you releasing more/where are you next performing in the area?? X
@oshoonline Most definitely! It's a state I try and achieve! 
@nikhilshah alright but not as street as ithinkmusic 
Just woke up and heading to the city 
@marcflores going to be a nice long weekend in the best city on earth 
on the way to the city to get din din  im starved!
just left some club in the city..good times tonight 
love my sex and the city 
@rockeye ooooooo trip to the city for you? 
buying frequency tickets today....off to shopping city- back later 
is still fondly remembering her favorite city, her favorite letter in the alphabet, and her favorite monta 
lunch with the 2 funniest persons in this city 
On train to amsterdam now, can't wait to check the city out and get into some mischief 
@OweeW the city of evil one.. 
@SarahGoldboom no, city. 
@jeniferv you can borrow it from me if you like - i own it. and moving downtown are we? very nice.  whereabouts?
is tired. great night though  starbucks, city, southbank, subway, crazy drunks in toilets, and awesome people  very fun.
all done in 10mins. yay ealing council 
I cant believe i actually found while the city sleeps we rule the streets. It was amazing 
city to see lisa!   
@janakiramm I can't see you in that state for too long 
just love playin restaurant city! 
@LuCiajavon i've called the fire department to get a cute firefighter's # before. What's wrong with that? 
Downtown was pretty lame tonight I'm home now but still drinking 
playing restaurant city 
[on] playing restaurant city again 
@belindaang the swine has visited all major cities by now ..i guess 
watching the nanny on nick until sex and the city comes on 
dippin 2 culver city..carbon bar then who knows 
i'll be seeing owl city in less than 24 hours 
Hanging out in the city on a lovely night 
@amymwright  Wish circumstances had us in the same city! I think we could really talk.
aw isn't the county beautiful 
