Most common words for this cluster:
[('class', 1064), ('classes', 85), ('today', 64), ('day', 62), ('tomorrow', 46), ('morning', 32), ('school', 29), ('time', 25), ('math', 24), ('summer', 22), ('lol', 22), ('am', 22)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'class', 0.9133278131484985), (u'Faithfully_Fit_exercise', 0.6711701154708862), (u'classes', 0.670843243598938), (u'runic_setup_signifies', 0.6111529469490051), (u'Ramla_mixed', 0.5844260454177856), (u'classs', 0.5795537233352661), (u'Weekday_evenings', 0.577390730381012), (u'AVID_elective', 0.5735558867454529), (u'Phys_ed', 0.55265873670578), (u'Billie_Seef', 0.5475758910179138)]





blagh class at 8 tomorrow 
in biology class. my lip hurts 
@nbensalem i'm sitting at my house and i'm sooo not looking forward to my one class tomorrow. 
is not looking forward to class and work tomorrow. 
revsion classes were a bore 
loaded with class tests 
too tired to walk to the other side of campus. if the class is from 9-12, why schedule the test in the first hour? 
Last day of health class  so sad. @TomFelton those pancakes sound good! can i have some?
On my way 2 class....I hate art history    Then its my Psyc class... then work for the rest of my day...I want to sleep!!
is in class once again, but is not feeling well today 
and now... time to get ready for my exercise class... what a fun morning this has been 
why am i so thirstyyy?  in class even though i don't have the homework. was there even a point in going?
Does not want to be awake right now but i have math class 
grabbing some food before class maybe... 11:05-12:20 &amp; 12:30-3:10  then nap or swimming and some speech thing for class at 6ish ewww! bye
I often feel like I'm going to have a panic attack when I have to register for classes. 
Either doing homework or in class til 7 
awake. really tired. didn't sleep well  class at 1 and 4.
@mannyenc i missed my first class too. well... i'm going to. LOL i have too much stuff to do.  i'm really scard about my grades for this
sitting in class bored as hell!!! 
so failing... 2 outta 5 classes aint too bad 
Still sitting in class eating goldfish and drinking sprite! If only it was lunch time 
Why doesn't high school teach apa style citation? Its all i'm supposed to use in my class 
I dreamt that i was failing one of my classes. It was not fun 
Training class for my other job. Hopefully it won't be boring! But I think it might be 
gets to take 3 math classes, a computer science class and an education class next semester 
its only been two days and i miss dance already   class blahhhh xo
I have class in 30 and I don't know whY to wear!!!! I have like no cute clothes!!!  
sitting in a morning class and crashing fast   I hate it
going to bed and waking up tomorrow to write papers for class 
4 hours of english class on satudays is tiring 
@FirstGentleman I'm not.  I got this field trip for my geog class..
@zownder I'm doing well! Its beautiful here and im stuck in class  but going out tonight shall be fun! How are you??
finishing up a wire sculpture for my 3D class. bring on the pain 
monday? and if u can't then i'll just buy the tickets here and u can bring the $ to class lol but i wanted to see u!  well let me kno lol
Is hurting after her pump class this morning 
I missed my circuit class   Not a good look!
Surprisingly, after 4 yrs of bitching about having to attend classes, I wish I could attend some more.. 
pulling another all nighter again to register for classes 
I am reading tons of articles for the next class. 
class, wholefoods, then finishing up my final 
awake way too early. i literally feel nauseous  i hate this science class
registering for class just makes me depressed  but @kaityb i am soo excited for tomorrow!!
i want to cry - drive second class, and the train is completely full 
misses playing don't you dare during class. 
@ramber1220 i am already there.  i have to make a 'b' in every class to come back next semester.
wondering whether my class is actually running, or if i've stayed at uni an extra hour for no reason 
@vampirefreak101 I have class from 8am to 3:30pm. No break  And you ?
is going to her last day with her first grade class.  so sad.
Class in daytona and a test I didnt study for 
So...waiting on the bell to ring for class to start..  blea.. I'm not fond of algebra 2
In school   played foozeball and lost twice still have one more free period b4 class
wants and needs some sleep, but instead sitting in pain in type class!! 
missed class this morning. 
missed my first class again... we had a practice quiz today... 
why am i in class right now  i want summer... now!
Ugh. Class. 
Just got out of class...the rough draft of my paper is bleeding! 
ready for this semester to be over...dread going to class everyday...not a fun feeling 
Going to to gay math class 
is in comp sci class   so boring haha
aghkslgtadhsgnhasgt class......  already counting down to albany. 10 days.
re-runs of the hills..bed soon! class at 8am  then working on a paper..
too much hw to do after class today 
Just found out that out first class of today, ballet, is cancelled 
just finish class...tired!!!! maths always killing...miss jonas brothers 
have a quiz in spanish class tonday ..  but i think i will pass
just came to school to learn that erp class is canceled 
Waiting for my math class to start 
Ugh gettn ready for my 8am class 
In class, bored and hungry. 
@evanhr I totally would if I didn't have to study for an exam for a class I haven't even looked at  But, drinks soon?
nite twitts, goin 2 bed, got class 2morow 
Not looking forward to this class tomorrow 
Looks like Class it is then.  Laters, tweets
No chinese class this morning. 
Just downed a redbull - need to wake up and get this essay started! *lol* Yes I typed started... I'm so behind with this class 
@renaissensical i always have class during trainings 
@LilyGirll I am  I am not even going to class tomorrow 
class  yuck. and my stomach doesnt feel well that will make this 2.5 hour class so so fast
@martinrojas I still have one class (humanities) to go 
@DJill all of them  except barrow lol i got some answers so we can print monday after class!!
At the class waiting for the teacher 
off to bed.. i have class tomorrow. 
about to ZZZZZZ out of here! class tomorrow! 
I have my final exam tomorrow. If i pass i pass the class... If i dont i dont  .... So nervous...
@BarbieBibiana @CalypsoTalks do I need to buy some ballet shoes and take some classes to be cool like y'all?  I feel out of the loop!
@lashaunda and graduation party for me! Haha if only i didn't have class that week   boo lol
@tepngo bitaw! i want my class coin 
is getting ready for class  bummer
@stellaphua isn't concentrating O: she is twittering during class. anne is smelly 
is not getting first class on my first leg 
being hungover in class is not fun 
This class is duuuumb.  I just want summer.
@roycerosenblatt i know i want the gangster class back 
off to class   psych presentation
Going to class...then nothing 
Curses! Why must it be first class every time! 
is going to have a non-fun filled day at class 
last week of classes, in @jenleereeves last class! 
isssssssssssssssss going to class in 45mins 
studyingggg ;; taking exam ;; foooooooood ;; class ;; studyingggg again. o joy 
chemistry class. 
I'm secretly hoping it rains this evening so my frisbee class is cancelled. 
damn teacher emailing about 20 mins before class saying its cancelled! i could have slept in! 
ahhh it is so nice out and i have to be in class all day 
Still not feeling well  --- class &amp; work.
hating goodbyes   love you class of '09!!
Working on my class   paper 
at college but I think I'll skip this class , too tired to think  maybe cafe till next class ,hadn't sleep  since yesterday noon !!!!
In class instead of having brunch with my mom  making it up to her later today.
crashing early...got an 8:00 class...this vacay was def not long enough 
freetime in psychology class... woohoo? not really... i dont have anyone to talk with 
about to jump in the shower.....class tomorrow... 
@karinarivera AUGH!!! stupid review classes 
I finally finished my music industry project. Now to present the powerpoint tomorrow in class 
off to school soon .. first class - history 
sitting in victor's class...he's made me change my design like thousands of times now ... 
I'm ecstatic that i have a 4.3 gpa for the semester right now... i highly doubt it will stay after my other two class grades get posted! 
has class at 8 am and is too stressed and sick to sleep 
Class lists are taking so looong 
Such a boring class 
I have assessed that having your hand over the alarm does not help you wake up in time for class 
english class is sooooo boring  I mean, not the lesson (it's very easy =] ), but the teacher &gt; (p.s if u reading this,PEACE _\/_ OUT!)
@donchad no fun yet. I still have to write my research paper, and tuesday starts a new class..public speaking 
In class waiting for the bell to ring  and rocking out to music 
I would like to skip my swedish class today 
tireddd. classy class till 4. work at 4:30 
at school  going to portuguese class .__. ew
everyone in my class always akes fuun of me for sneezing 6 times in a row everyday 
2nd week of class, 50% of students left in biochem lecture 
late late late for school! i must get there so i can print 700 reading pages for class.... that i have not read ... the worst 
@scotttttt din't see you  .  i'm going back for the core class at 9.  gettin tour fit!
Finally going to bed...another all nighter...have to wake up in two hours for class 
I just want to curl up in my covers and go to sleep.  class is out..now off to intern at court!
@BudGibson thought it would be. no kb class for me this week 
@brooklyn80zbabi studying for my music class  how was your day?
I want my dvd  It better be there when I check the mail before my 9:30 class tomorrow! Then I can watch it in my free line 
i just remembered i have to go to sunday class tomorrow 
@legallyblond518 your not coming  are you coming on monday? i miss you and will go crazy if I have to spend another art class alone 
I've written 3 pages for English class, but I'm not done yet  I'll finish it tomorrow
why is looking at the pictures of the graduating class from this year affecting me so bad 
off 2 sleep got class manana 
@cuddlyfamily  so from top in the class to guaranteed dead last. Nemind, they'll kick asses and take names in the final exams at year end!
will miss java class later. have to work overtime 
 failed my psychology class last semester. I don't know if i want to go back in the fall now. Wow that's depressing and whats even more
Getting a cold in middle of may ? priceless 
going to classes, boring 
not looking forward to starting online class this week 
wasn't able to attend classes 'cause of fever. 
@JenniferJChung sigh I was reading for my sociology of sports class till now. 830 class everyday  so epic lose.
@ill_famed_hero same here, 8am class with 3-hr breaks. sucky. 
my summer class starts at 8am  
train to class. blahhhh 
 the graded unit class is nearly over.....where are we goin to twitter next??
Getting ready for class....im sweepy 
class test really f*cked up..shit!.....&amp;sunburn 
ugh...class today 
Feeling so lazy yet contented. I dun want classes to start.  not yet.
Morning tweeps.slept thru 2 alarms didn't quite make it 2 the 6am yoga class. But its cool I did some here. I really need hardwood floors 
last monday religion class 
not feeling too well.  Instead of preparing for bio final, i studied for nutrition instead.  epic fail. dooomed to retake class! 
8 am and i got a class at 10 
i want my girl back  get me out of this 8 hour class
still sick and 2moro class test 
Classes till 12 
Is not enjoying chemistry right now. This class is boo boo's. 
 reading class next
So bored in spanish class  someone hatch a play to bust me outa here!
in acting classes. 
heading to class for testing :/ nyeh 3 hours of horrific silence! 
@FlyGuyPerry no hustle class for me tonight 
had a nice piano lesson. class in an hour. going til 4  still need to start that paper
in class  my graduation is almost here yay
computer class with no rey 
last day with my class before we change everything. so sad. 
@katrinakay Apparently not,   Although this was one of the classes that I DO attend regularly.
@Dubarrymcfly awh so lucky ma class doesnt start till 1 haha so 3 hours of class  loveyoufletch xxx
@d33pak No,  I miss them because I got class in the morning.
Class  grre I hate testing time
sitting in a boring ict class 
more or less confirmed for the africa trip. but maybe no biz class. 
ohgod I have to go to photo class kill me now. 
What a headache...But I still have class today. 
In class with the brats 
Sitting in emt class signing yearbooks 
in communications technology class next to chantal, have nothing to do 
Going to get books for class during the summer 
stuck in a class for 3 hrs and no teacher... no movie just work 
Up hella early to study, ugh. This class sucks 
Sitting in Class. its amazing how theres only like 8 days left of the school year. kinda sad 
I have to make a disc for my class. Why didn't they tell me earlier ? 
science class 
thinking about going to class early and paying someone for the homework answers.. HAHA.  this class is difficult. 
in class doing nothing once again....lol hungry lumnch in 2 more hrs 
Goodmorningggg. I slept in and missed my yoga class on the beach this morning  woops
in school bored. and not wanting to go to my stupid anti theft class tomorrow  kill meeeee
i'm going to miss my pace girls sooo much. seriously, class today was so much fun, i almost started crying when we left 
it's so cold in class  and why am I still tired?
bed. class. work . ugh 
@rob_alexander hellz no boiiii. I'm good at that statistics stuffff! i got a B in the class!!..i suck at sciences 
I think my teacher doesn't give her class something valuable 
alarm clock didn't go off, so i missed my pilates class. i feel incredibly guilty 
won't be able to watch the game with everyone else tomorrow because I have class  But it's okay because I will be watching it in class!
I was forced to go to a algebra summer class and I do good in math I was randomly chosen lucky me  :'(
Last lunch with kristin, and last class with @tinaapenz so sad  xo
., fk, i missed my class again! 
grrr!!..2 weeks to go before the class will start! 
@FDerron...that's like the worst feeling for me...I have class in the morning 
@gk1376 oooooohhhh, rough gym class.  thats why i dont like p.e.
sick of computer class... save me 
I got my grades ALLLLLLL A'S and one B  ahhhh Bichota killed my gaaame but that class was brutal
@jaydems no i'm not, sorry. have extension english late class and then a drama assessment to complete. 
english class! working on interactive orals 
morning class  .. always late or bunk ... how can someone wake-up at 8! ...
I'm up. getting ready for skill. can't wait to fail my bio final yay! ugh, honor classes suckkkk.  ):
@streetztalk physics  the most boring class ever!
in communications class 
in math class waiting for lunchhhhhhhh. seniors are done in fifteen minutes 
None of the people I talk to in my P.E. class are here  I'm going to be so bored all period.
This class is really long and I'm really getting hungry 
half my class just called me retarded it hurt for real 
http://twitpic.com/66shw - Just took this for class just 5 minutes ago its awsome being here too bad i graduate next year 
i'm freezing in math class! 
Walking to class. I hate not having a bike....especially mine. 
Bushidokan class got canceled.   I'll just have to sign up for karate someplace else!!
in accounting class ; then detention after 
10 more minutes and i never have this class again. Its kinda sad cause this class is so fun 
Ugh I have a hedache; I may be cheap, but fucking shit I still have class with how I roll 
@amillerwvu- you're going to be mad. i got sent to the office by your sub. and our class was really bad after that, i hear. i'm sorry. 
is about to go to gymnastics! my last day with this class! 
@buddahwong i wish you were in my class last year 
@shanselman still no class loaders, or even custom assembly loaders 
I'm stuck in night class 
Waiting for my class fellows to arrive  i am alone hahaha
want holiday to bandung, but must go first to class, so lazy 
@katieeeian143 true you def have me beat! i'm sorry for that! those are going to be some long class periods! 
long long long night; congrats class of '09, we did it! - going to bed now, since its 6:30 am 
Not feeling well  still laying down but I have to finish a paper before I leave for class 
Going to math class 
In class bored as crap! Lots of customers to talk to this afternoon   
@julieannart so sunny up here.     ...but I have class 8-5  You should get online at 1:30 so I can talk to you when Iget back in there
@Leahmamamia better thank suffering teaching my 2 hour dance class 
there were ambulences atmy school too myfreind had seizer in the middle of history class 
im at lifeguarding class forever and a day 
I would rather be anywhere but this lifeguarding class right now!  hopefully I passed all my tests!
@SeanMorleyIV  i said clinic abilities' class rocks
 lookin up strippin classes
druuuum class :O i hate it when someone ruins my day 
Going back to the middle of nowhere 
@shermaineee Yes  super hot. I'm going to stay home today. Class starts tmr for you eh?
@ network class.. I want to go home 
@ivaleriei I love that movie, never been to alcatraz though.  oh &amp; your class is soo cute &amp; those little boys must love their pretty teach
i'm tired...and i have to study  but tomorrow there isn't class!!!ouhhh yeahh!!haha
is looking forward to graduation but is going to miss the class of 2009 
@joanny95 We're never gonna be in the same class, are we? 
If I don't really talk to anyone from my graduating class how will I find out about the reunion  I'm sure ill live lmao
i have 2 essays and a project due tomorrow that i haven't even started... all for one  class too 
flght delayed.  it would appear that time has no class.
... I have a math class in 30 more minuts... 
Is upset that her mom ate the brownies her special education class she taught made for her. 
working on my paper for my holocaust class - so depressing 
http://twitpic.com/6cd09 - my biology class, the last day... 
It's 2am and I still can't sleep. I have class in 5 hour... 
Wow, I'm a little overwhelmed with the coursework for this new class I'm taking 
and he speaks only with you during the classes 
Me n heather, last day of chen class  http://bctiny.com/pol3v
tomorrow gonna be a long tiresome day. Class all day. hmm. I really need vacation.  I'm tired.
@thomasjwhitley what a weird time for class, just long enough to mess up my Tues. ride 
aww i am going to miss my class.. 
is having a hard time writing a sonnet for her english class..  http://plurk.com/p/xieej
in class brainstorming. my brain is broken, it ain't working! 
is reading some stupid convo in class 
class tomorrow  and a big interview with the Cardinals!!
just finished reading 100 pages for english  class tomorrow wooohoooooo...
@MattJacobi aww i'm so jealous.. don't think i'll ever get to fly first class in this lifetime of mine 
swimming was cut short because of stupid freshmen pe class  and i only got to do one lap!
have a really bored class today 
In art class  therefore wasting Qr1 lol. I hate feltips on acrylic - they take ages to dry 
first day of class 
Off to class. 10 hours of lecture. This should be fun...not really 
but @alxm5 have you ever been in a german class full of native speakers and are still expected to pass? 
up ready to go to physics.. its only the 3rd day and i hate this class 
english class sucks 
Just woke up and showered....... Class starts today!! Bummmmeeeerrrrrrrr! 
in math class...this is going to be the longest 4 hours of my life mon wed fri 
2nd to last dance class 
@CMajor  yes I did. But I'm  away teaching a 2 day  real estate class. I was hoping to make it but that date won't work for me. 
I have no idea what I'm doing in this media production class 
i'm going to fail my classes 
@scom261 i cannot hear the podcast for today's class at all 
Amazing weekend but now I'm back to class 
I am about to take this ciclying class and I really don't like the teacher 
Class begins 
#Internetweek is here! Wish so hard I wasn't leaving in the middle of it. 
In math class 
class till 4 soooo annoyin 
 ohh the agony. Class may not be a possibility at all..
Goodmorning.....I am thoroughly dreading the idea of going to class today 
Out of class. Now I don't have anything to do. 
in class bored as hell 
class alll day  please shoot me
@MissKryssie I strat class today girlie. This is the first time we have no classes together 
Last day in guitar class 
Not lovin my nutrition and health class  so boring
@kris0521 I'm in class right now 
@MissNikkiC I was downloading my cupcake. I have class tomorrw 
My last yoga class starts in forty minutes... 
 Class is boring
I'm starting to feel like the fat kid that gets picked last in gym class. I'm tired of getting rejected from jobs 
Freezing my butt off  at least i have orange juice  one more class to go!
Finished with class, now in the library studying away...so much fun 
Class done!  Now: lunch, shower and work before an evening of pitching, track and one adorable boy's baseball game that I'll have to miss 
wish i didnt have class til 10 tonite 
sitting in art class wanting to fall asleep after a long weekend 
Only 10 days of classes left. So stressfulllll 
Only 10 days of classes left. So stressfullllll 
I have no more texting...  but on the bright side this class seems very easy!
Finals in tillays class  grrr.
omg. i failed my algebra exam. no, seriously. AN F.  but i got a C average in the class.
Another beaytiful day wasted  done w class now off to work for more training classes
I am rethinking this online class. 
having difficulties with abstract_class 
going to civics class now... im sooo tired right now 
i am doing poorly in 2 of my classes.  NOT a happy camper.
In stupid business  man there is so much that i hate about this class
Wow, this class got wild quick...  functions are a butt...  
English class sucks! 
Fml geomety final!  gosh I hate this class
I'm in 4th period    boring class
@amillerwvu I'm pretty sure I'm going to miss your class 
still in class itd going so slow  .
why did i do this to myself?! moving at 4X the speed of a regular class is not fun! 
Home from class, got my first test grade...  Just kidding! I did pretty well! 
waiting for my college class 
off to class I go... hopefully it won't pour too hard on my way there. 
doing nothing in media arts, we cant leave class anymore for the rest of the year 
sOoOoOo bored  class is dumb!!
Waiting outside my capstone class to set up my presentation and it's freaking hot in here! And there's a class in the room I need in 
home from the cityyy class soon 
writing an alternate ending for a book that i read with my english class. writing it is such a pain. 
@strawintogold I had class this morning 
Second class... Here I don't even have windows 
econ class 
Unpacking...don't even know where to start...ohh sighhhhh class in 20 min 
Preparing for my night class...cyberlaw with bissonette  what a long day.
fell asleep in class and dropped my new phone 
sickk! last jazz class of the year  studying..
Off to dance class! Finally it's kind of cold outside 
is waiting on this uber boring class to start...not looking forward to it 
i had a nightmare last night that my spanish teacher was killing the whole spanish class   tear tear 
Yay, honors english went up- too bad there are going to be 2 classes... 
being a trooper and coming to class despite severe illness. 
is in night class...@vaowen i'm sorry you're upset! 
@quartetship lol i wish we had it as a class. it's after school and it's like 450 bucks. 
Last screen printing class tomorrow. 
online class is starting... alas, my book won't be here for two more freakin weeks!  
@Ladydot42 me too! Long class tonight! 
@loveless5639 im getting them! But n class 
this was the longest day of class ever...no really...he didnt let us out until 950!!! 
an hour early just to make it to my class at 9:30. 
I am so tired but I need to study.  Only two more days of class forev!
I need to finish learning lines for tomorrow's class but I'm so groggy and sleepy...  
going to bed--class in the morning 
in sociology class. Not cool ... after having such a tiring day. 
going to bed! i have class at 730 tomorrow 
bedtime!!! up early for classes 
psychology class sucks i need my coffee 
Huge speech tomorrow and i am like freaking out!! I hate talking in front of class 
@nicolemariebby I'm failing my math class 
ohhh dang we only get to see the other class for one of our exams 
argh!! starting classes soon! 
@chemina it was good, but short! 30 min lessons :/ too bad u didnt get a chance to sign up  i saw the rowing class too how was work?
back @ skool  in tech   can smell food tech class
class today at 5 sigh 
class tonight..cold, tired and hungry.. *sigh* 
is going to miss 8C  its the best class ever
math exam today  my hardest class.
Headed to bar review class...I missed yesterday so I got some catching up to do 
I still feel blah about enrolling. I still don't want classes to start but baaaaaah. I need to meet with adviser because I am deliquent. 
in science class. want to sleep so bad. i want more food 
On the way to class. 
getting ready for class @ 8 a.m. ughh i'm tired 
In class essay 
In class again.    http://bit.ly/aIibN
One more class and I'm off to the pool! Two more sunny days before yet another t-storm comes through 
@mike_campbell I'm sorry i missed your class.  i was really sick this morning 
last class of the day. bored and it's hot! i wanna go outside and hang out 
This beautifull sunshine and I have to sit on the computer to learn for German-class-test 
Classes were good!  I just have so much reading to do, and I'm very tired! 
I don't want to go to summer class today 
Class...   til 9 
Class is going to be long and hard today.  
starting class today. gayyy 
back in school  its to warm to be in a class room with 30 people  im dying
sleep calls. but im in class. i hate morning classes  #fb
They were looking for a class rep and tried to nominate me. But I couldn't think of anything positive to say about our program.  
Class night tonite! If I look as amzing (if not more amzing) than semi I will b xtremely proud! but only 2 days left  &lt;3
About 20 minutes of class left and i havent started on the rough draft  , oh pooooo
well i passed but i didnt get in to reading 115 i got in to reading 90 which i guess is not a bad thing just i cant get in an art class 
Class is borring  &lt;L.W.R.&gt;
@merequeisziah haha, i've tried many times i think she just thinks it'd be awkward which is fair enough because shes in my class 
Class without my big bro sucks. 
Totally bummed beer class had to be cancelled since the store didn't have power. 
@lbrew722 aww! i love your class! how'd graduation go? and yes, apparently slurpees give me reflux now 
now i got nothing to do until 1noon only got class.. how??? 
omg! class starts tmrw!!!! i feel stupid already....its pre-cal 
drove to fitness class, no class today, came home with super baja bowl 
doesn't want to start class tomorrow 
i need food. yoga class was too long. missed train. 
Last stats class ever  http://tinyurl.com/r6s285
too much work and class woww 
Class cancelled  supposed to go home but I'm still hur.
evelyn just got here. She's almost done with her class. There's still like 9 days left 
i hate homework  bio is laaame. i should've taken the class a long time ago =/ gah!! &amp; i miss mah bbys =(( &lt;|3
Feels like 0 degrees in lecture classes.. Freezing cold and hungry! 
k break time is over   boo! back to class...be out at 10 pm..double boo!
I have to go now the doctor in the class now 
@AlyssaNoelleD i feel saad  the class list just came out and me and my best friend are not classmates  other than that i'm good and you?
the classes have been suspended.. too bad my classes aren't  
M-Class gone 
@HerrWulf poor hackintosh  tried using jquery on hover for the dropdown to add the class to btn??
@sunshinehollyyy i rekon huh. the class is good, but dude, if the exams dont matter, then they shouldnt have them at ALL!!!! 
i'm at school, n swedish class  it's not as fun as i hoped it would be 
1 final and one class today  super pointless... Like @meeshel said.
On the way to class 
History class 
there were ambulences atmy school too myfreind had seizer in the middle of history class 
In physics class!  http://myloc.me/2scR
@chevas813 I have to be there at nine for a three hour class. This is my fifth semester there. 
Last double bio class of the year 
sitting in class  woo boring
Still haven't learned my lesson when it comes 2 procrastination.. so behind on summer class shit 
Class from 7-3 then work from 5-8 and still sick as a dog 
missed my aerobics class yesterday  just remembered. the wrestler was awesome though.
next class spanish 
I'm going to miss art class 
i have the hiccups  class until 1:18 then the library, hopefully busting out this research paper!
My online astronomy class is waaaaay more intense than i thought it was going to be.  
Last theater class 
Line up for today: lunch, class, layout, study....sounds fun right?? 
worse than i suspected, she was so disgusted in me, she wouldn't talk to me, i had to talk to the dentistry-class-taking receptionist, 
My college just released the fall schedule.. looks like I'll be going to class 3nights/wk.. art history &amp; ... ALGEBRA. wah 
getting ready for class this morning....with a sore throat   ill make it though!
off to class then library allllll day 
I wish someone would buy me lunch before my next class 
Is in class rite now !!! 
i am so not looking foward to gym class today. 
ugggh, why am I in this math class?!  I already know all this shit!  waste of my time. 
i have class alll day till 7:30  and 5 sections of math to do tonight!
Feeling like poop and have a karate class to take.. Bleurghhh this is not gonna be fun 
Doing cpt's in class boring 
this class is going by sooooooo slowwwwwwww  i just want to get out of here already.
so i'm missing class right now which is soooo not fair i can't email my paper in, i have a legitimate excuse!!!!           
in hell's kitchen... i mean watanuki's class 
is studying for her last quiz in wines &amp; fermented foods. I will miss that class. 
didn't make it to my 8am pilates class. 
@edisonneil haha I was in class that's why! and I had to do my work so I didn't get to actually look at it 
back pain says drive to class, traffic says take metro.  
playing spanish scrabble in class!! ..then who knows b/c no cheesecake today 
i'm in graphic design. last class of the year 
hella lost in stats class 
i'm freaking starving and the class didnt even start yet. shit, i wanna go eat somethinngg 
ovverr karebears. graduation tonight.  **tear** congrats Class of OhNine! &lt;3
in spanish class hella bored 
This class is hellla gay 
#creating fame class over  now to set up my new site in host
missed spin class today 
Headed to class... On a friday 
@genizzle i'm good! done w/ classes! i haven't seen u in so long and i always go to parkwest! how are ya?! 
off to theory class  hope i dont miss to much! be back in a few hours &lt;3
hail wont keep me from my kickboxing class....or will it. 
But to come and think of it,I'm having classes later. 
online classes fucking suck 
@kdlim i thought i taught u how 2 reply! go 2 the bottom of the class 
Awww just passed cas  i miss my class! :/
@imdamama I doooo love you! I had class tonight? 
Class in the morning 
So over class but I still have 3 weeks  save me!
is quietly sat aboard the 0854 class 450 london midland service to crewe on his way to work, n reallly upset emi has to go back to dover 
Why is it when I miss a day of school, my class team loses? That is a LOT of pressure. Now I feel bad. 
@JohnCleese unfortunately they've got rid of the first class dining car which was even more civilised 
aw shit, I forgot about pass 2 didn't I? but my field class! 
@foolest  let's all hang soon! the starting of my class got moved to june 22
No more computer for weekdays because Class will start in tuesday.  That mean no more 3d animation no more games no more computer  so sad 
so early!!  !! Class, let go! wake up!! wake up
@meagansdesigns you just can't type anymore. very aggrevating especially if you are in the middle of a convo. Makes you look rude 
is really really tired.....now for puppy class too early in the morning 
Baking cookies for my students because it's our last class before the summer. 
i miss my bolton-class  1H was the cutest class on the whole school!!!
If I see one more person offering anger management classes, I shall become exceedingly cross  humph!
im not ready if i have to leave my classmates.i mean,we will not be in one class again in 11th grade 
Doing a research paper for class  . Its driving me crazy!
@TresaValenton awww. my excitement is shattered, class starts na by 16 
@exotic lemme know how the class is. I use airbrush at work but have never been &quot;formally&quot; trained! lol 
Getting ready for class.....feeling a little sick 
why does it have to rain all weekend  i need to take photos for class
is missing pilates class today 
Sitting in class on a saturday is never fun. 
ugh in class!! let me change my keybord this one is old! 
@biankis but YOU did! I never get my online class. and I waited up for you last night  what happened?
Drinking milk...about to go to a concerto meetup for piano class... 
I know they discontinued it... But yo my digi-002 just went up in the middle of a session    BLown!!!
@Zeouterlimits Each teacher takes an honours class every second year, I suppose it's to be fair when really it's not. 
Acting classes are over 
class on monday. I hate math 
is sad that the Class of 2009 is graduating 
Class night  one step closer
Preparing papers for my students tomorrow. Too tired to get back to class...its the holidays....but need to. 
Classes Postponed due to virus. 
classes POSTPONED! grrr! 
just order mac delivery and i'm eating now before going for yoga class later. !!! cause 1 hour before lesson can't eat 
@BillyScallywag tell me about it... She has had an invite from her whole class, costs a bloody fortune!! 
tomorrow, i have a psychology test for model class  i hate that!
No class today  but at least they have a big yard I can practice in.
is going to sleep now...tomolo 8am class! 
@nicole744 LOL in my class we always waste ink but we get spotted!  But i got away with it hehehehehehe
@DrCSaroyan I didn't know you did yoga. That's cool, I love yoga though my class just recently ended. 
Just taught my K4-5 class 4 the last time! 
is studying for this biochem exam   can't wait for this class to be done with and begin my summer
Going to help out in a local hospice soon for a class. So need to get some in-depth research done 
says first week of teaching... suspended and classes  http://plurk.com/p/z5le8
listen to boring class lectures 
I should've paid more attention in my anthropology class... I've got a feeling this final tomorrow is going to be no joke! 
@podcacher , well I know how to operate and found 5 but today went out and did not find  frustrating, maybe I need help in a class
is going to miss the class of '09 
i have a paper due tmr.. i didnt even start. which means, im not going to class. i also showered and got soap in my battle wound. 
@YoungQ i have diabetes educational class tomorrow   newly diagnosed 
takin online class for my work..  
Class in the morning. That makes me sad. 
I love iron and wine. I also love louie, but he has left me and now I am very sad. I need sleep, I have class in the morning 
Not tired enough to sleep yet. Unfortunately I have class in the morning 
upset i missed class this morning....i can feel the difference 
off to bed, got class tmrw hmph 
I'm free then yearbook so I feel disappointed that I'm not missing any real classes. 
classes starts tom. 
at collegee boreed in science class!! 
is missing my ex-class-mates so much 
@Irishcreamy I wish I was in your classs 
Is up for my 8 o clock class 
up early about to head to by job on campus then class later.... I just want to sleep in all 
last tap class today 
my class is kinda boring now.. ;'[ i miss coleen!!  haha. ;]]
Sucks to be YOU, but I'm headed to class  @HeartBreakV
I almost busted my legs going to a class that hasn't even started yet. 
On ma way 2 class...tired...this is y I never had morning classes 
getting ready to be in class all day. I will miss being at the pool or lake. husb and kids will have fun without me. 
i am not so feeling well.  class just started, i can't skip class.. all my subjects now are major. eff!
@ceosandhurst timetoast doesn't embed into class blog 
bio exammm.. hates summer class 
On my way 2 chemistry class 
tummy ache in class 
Getting ready for class day 
is happy I got an A in my other class last term... if I hadn't of had to take algebra I would have had a chance to be on the deans list 
Last day of cupcakes class 
The class rep elections were really boring 
I just took a huge blow to my confidence   i just dont understand this class
studying for class...2 tests today!  and then working until 7 straight after classes are done...RAWR! :/
ah! im nervous new campus, new people. ugh. class starts now 
Class time... already? 
Trying not to think about my iPhone... and failing...   I should really be worrying about my Japanese language class tomorrow....
in my last global class with ms.kalmeta 
Ughhhh heading to class 
chillen at arc bout to go to my class and then see my dad at the hospital.. hes getting back surery 2day 
last art class. 
I think @krystalho and I just had almost a total of 3 hours add maths class. 
- just got into class.  Proffs not here yet.  I'm really worried about my grade for the internet dating essay.... 
off 2 some food handlers class that i'm obligated 2 attend 
http://twitpic.com/7guvd - I miss this class  come back!
Would rather be at the beach than sitting in math class  #fb
wishing that i was on the beach right now, instead doing work for class 
drama class  2 more days. thank god !
I'm soo tired wish i was laying in my yard and not sitting in class 
My math class looks hard 
last day of political science  i love that class
the class is now over. exam waiting. can't believe today was the last class in BiNus. will miss it definitely 
I have a headache now... cud be cuz i sit in front of the pc the whole day... n then cross half the world to go to my mba class..  !!
I started my first class.The professor spoke for only 15 minutes; we worked in groups the rest of the three hours.  I need sleep 
Uggghhh I don't wanna go to my behind the wheel class 
i failed 3classes  im scared, i hope i pass.
sitting in class. and can't go to the goat race 
In chemistry class 
is tired from class  but work 5-close. boohoo!
Only 3 days of school left and 4 days of finals.  One out of class essay to write, one in class essay, 1 test, and 6 finals to study for 
Yes I'm out of Wrk......off to class... Really enjoying the sUmMer 
it WAS fun but class just started today  @nickp07
going to work . . . then a lot of reading to do tonight  I hate this class
This class is soo boring  work, class, tan, and hopefully fit in a work out.
there are very few things that make me angry. getting a lower grade in a class than I had expected for makes me really really mad. 
there are very few things that make me angry. getting a lower grade in a class than I had expected makes me really really mad. 
Hearing about sexual abuse cases in my sexuality class 2day - extra depressing class 
Class from 6 to 9:30!! 
I have defensive driving class tonight  no so happy!!
Heading to my 4 hr finance class! I would much rather be wrking out 
Except for the one final thursday that i WAS exempt from but skipped class and now have to take it  wtf i felt like a kid getting in t ...
can't find the research class quiz #2 on black board  ???
@aznapplegrl aw babe you have sat class? 
I am tired and sitting in class. what a bad combo! 
@gaballison Not to rain on your parade even more, but we're supposed to examine a virtual world before class as well. 
i miss art class 
Bahh... Class starts today. 
Sitting here bored out of my mind in grad class 
watching intervention. then maybe obsessed....class early tomorrow 
Class at 6:30 
Studying for science regent, cant fail or else i have to take the class over again next year 
Art class sucks 
@jujublah ahah i just got home from class...the hated physics . and ijust attempted to call @leedaniicaa to which i got her ans machine 
Just heard something on the news that we talked about in my law &amp; econ class and totally geeked out, my parents think I'm weird now 
modern class was canceled this morning  but I've got a full day of writing and teaching ahead. Three classes = more money for travel. Yay!
@luis93436 The most perfect guess and certainly the most exact. And the architecture class that wasn't full has been canceled... 
@uwlaxecho dude, i have class  but i'll try! seriously i don't care if i don't get tix i wanna meet @theellenshow haha
going to bed then waking up in the morning and going to class, Then after class the real hell begins when I go to work and get yelled at 
I miss yoga class. 
@djknucklehead This kid in my humanities class always said my ipod touch was boring! 
No more history of rock&amp;roll class  taking computer graphics instead..ehh
hates when class goes to 11 
Still have 3 classes later~ 
I should stop staying out late cycling and then can't wake up for class the next day. 
is going to sleep, class in the morning from 9-10:50!  gooooodnight, i miss @xanga haha &lt;3
At class studying micro economics from 13.00 until 17.00. blah 
still having a postgraduate class on 16:00 (strategic information system), but i am feel sleepy 
fineeeeeeeee...... time for bed... i have class tomorrow 
i hate tuesdays  So tired and got a class in 1 hour
@ the course. she's skipping the class again 
nothing happened. we didn't have class. i just wasted my allowance. 
@shaulala tck ang dayaa!we weren't allowed to use twiter in the e-class 
@shaulala tck ang dayaa!we weren't allowed to use twitter in the e-class 
not ready for tomorrow's class yet. 
fuel is low. road is congested. body combat class starts in 7 minutes 
Class over, until 12:50 
@faraaeh I know  I'll miss everyone, too bad we don't have any class events :'(
Hates summeer  class at 630 
I am soo tired  only 7 more class periods and then i can sleeeeep!
noooo...my last modern class is today 
work till 5:30 then class 
last spanish class  one more day of classes!
taking a quick break in class...didn't sleep well at all last night 
Is celebrating her birthday by going to a class for work   I wish I could spend it with him...
i got an 88 on my bio test. i can't even pass a community college class 
@roc2eazy I'm in class 
class is about to start and theres a quiz 
Last home ec today  why couldn't it be computer sciences last class.......
in class til 12:30. wanting to poke my eyes out. this class is so boring. why did i take a summer class  smh college =\
holy crapp....soo much to do..lookin up kaplan class schdules 
class this morning, then home to take an online test, then business class, then studyin for history test tomorrow... 
Surprisingly, after my acting class, I'm feeling super sleepy  That class usually wakes me up.
is at school... no class until 1:30. this sucks 
@apollo_b4 I was up... But now I'm in class. 
Class..no service= 
french class once again! i have algebra finals today... 
hate waking up to 8am classes 
Class at 730am sucks ass!!! I wish I went to the gym, I'm falling asleep and I have forever to go 
fml. i finished anatomy and it was hard  now i have to wait more than an hour for this class to end or school whichever
@ShaunS30 Got you, I talked to her, but I have not heard back, plus I also dropped that class....  I'll look at some rental places.
Why am I taking courses over the summer?  I'm class-y in all the wrong ways. 
is in class all day  text me! Haha
is at work. Not looking forward to theory class tonight 
going to grab some lunch.. then class at 1:30 
is ready for this stupid summer class to be over with. I shouldnt have waited until the last  minute. 7 labs 1 midterm and 1 quiz to go 
His tired of this stupid math class only two more days to go 
had a good day with the kids, weeds, homework and class 
Wow, this is bad, I'm here trying to finish up my presentation for my final in this class...and I'm falling asleep!   
Aching muscles   But I still like my dance-class...
@kpizzzle i was waiting for this class at elac and no one was around so i had to sit by myself 
freakin stuck in class 
Mmmmmmmmm i dont want go to class 
Class, gym, then back to lib... 
another night class... and it's so cold... 
Going to class prob late 
@licuevas @laurynashley lectures ARE death! (especially when the guy goes past class) anddd! no fb allowed? not cool.. 
@DigistoreNZ none of the activities are working for my maths class this morning ...  http://bit.ly/Ejfqm
sitting in class...so tired from a long day of working at orientation. 
@marylikesbagels yea i know!!  i slept all day and totally blanked. lol. so i cant even do the same drivers ed class as her.
 skul sucked ass today! the class felt empty!!! 
im falling asleep in class 
I donttt wannnaaa be in class any longer 
in class nodding off. i have carpel tunnel 
doesnt like the people in the class 
I stepped in my fourth grade class room today, memories 
i'm alone at my advance class.. my friends didn't come.. 
@aaanndayyyyy LOL i have to take it  but anyway move back down here so jenn can take those classes with me during fall!
i dont want to go to my other classes.. but ive got to.. 
with @moronoxim and @marypiii in a crowded computer class. 
Doing homework for my college class 
@nancyyeh Thanks!  I didn't have enough miles to upgrade to 1st class.  
its almost 4am ,wtf am i up , i have 11am class 
@chelseasymone i would get on now , but i'm not feelin good and i have class in the morning  so soon for sure i miss your face prettygirl
I'm not gonna let this class mess me up or bum me out. I'll get over it. It just SUCKS that I KILLED myself for a class I didn't pass. 
I'm sleepy . . . .  need a rest, I hate my class! 
@huntster1701 except 90% of this class is proofing and using theorems, thus no calculators 
today, some guy in my art class told me i always look so serious...like i'm pissed off all the time?? is this true? 
dreading going to spanish class in the morning. or should i say...en la manana 
Class now is like so slack...haha but i dun last long... 
@EricaRae_12 I have a really awkward class schedule   what time will you be here until??
waiting for a 3 hour class..s0 sad! iMiss kENN! 
getting my class schedule together.  real world stuff
i have a feeling class will be pointless tomorrow since we already finished the chapter. boooooooo. 
I'm so behind all the school stuff na  10 days na ko :| Class mass tomorrow ;;)
I got elected as class president.. Doesn't that suck!?!?!? 
hahays make up class... what the...  http://plurk.com/p/11k9yr
In class  am so bored.
@timpannara me too  i was 2 pts away from getting an A- in my bio class ugh. and i am also starting to work out every day lol
It is so rainy and cold and I got soaked taking D to his dance class and I miss having a car. 
i'm so not gonna be in social class. i hate economy. so much theories! i got 65 for the last exercise. CRAPPP 
only one person came my class 
Only one person came to my class 
@ace_starscream haha are you kidding me? I pay like $66 per class inc lectures. I bet you dont go to them hey haha i hate missing them 
Literally just rolled outta bed -- class 
it should be against the law to have a class this early  i couldnt even form words to talk to marcie i was so tired
Class then work, no pool today 
On my way to class...yay...NOT 
In class again, rainy in the D this morning 
mac room, about to give some presentation to half the class and two tutors and a camera  gutted benny got kicked off the course too
My class wasn't be a winner in classmeeting 
I hate that I can't text in class because I don't have service 
Hating public transportation right now  gonna b sooo late to class!!!
At school 7 minutes early  so I have to wait to go into my 1st period class
@TRIFORCE89 This lame required driving class thing for 8 hours 
finished uploading, had my last music lesson today  that sucks, I love that class it's the best ever! drama is second!
studying for class tonight 
@OzgaEMS1289 Aaww, poor thing  labs ~are~ boring. At least you get a mini vaca once the class is done, I have summer 2 *mock cries*
I hear a high pitched ringing in my class and it doesn't seem like anyone else hears it. 
In class. I get out at eleven fifteen.  gross.
missed class but on my way to work... 
cant believe she is spending close to 500 for one class 
@flattycharn  I'm not going already :'( I have class on that day 
bethany is in the morning class now dont get to pick her up today  but now she is in her friends class better for her
@JTrueblood1 damnnnn...i need the class for my minor *&amp;./or if i change my major! but i can`T have d`S!  what about marketing?
Getting ready for my calc class 
damn !!! os 3 is out! but im in class without wifi  have to wait til 5...
Working on essay // want to be coding/hacking // hooray summer class 
is thinking yellow, and feeling blue to knowing that he has financial class TODAY!  porra!
with y10s but not my type of class    x
bored and i dont wanna move class 
Heading to class, or more like dragging myself to class lol and hour of cardio killed my feet 
Class until 9p 
This has to be the most boring African American studies class I've ever had 
hahaha class starts noww 
Last day in art class  I am weeping
Ugh, Class tomorrow 
is in my editjrn classroom. 3 hour class. 
summer class work 
Accounting class....ughh 
spin class today was like rocking out at cafe d'anvers. oh how i miss it so 
my bloodsugar is low  but im late for class..sigh.
I really need to start doing term papers a few weeks into class.. 
wow that nap was needed n i feel good! But i'll prolly be late 4 class 
Finish up my nutrition and wellness class tomorrow.  Then start on chem...soon it will all be over, and then fall semester starts 
rite now i am studying for my midterm for my sport n a changing society class.....ughhhh boring 
after class gotta do laundry then go to gym. already exhausted. 
At a friends house...  dance class was canceled. 
just got kicked out of my english class  its not my fault if i get a bad report
in class till 9  bored. helpp.!!
Omfg, it's so fucking cold in this class room 
So excited about 3.2  Of course, they make changes now that I've leveled every class 
I rearranged my class schedule to get that art class in and another art history class...  I just have to use more vacation time 
off to bed, class in the morninggg  texts
No class for the summer 
@selliphoneapps I was considering taking your marketing class, but have trouble justifying $97 for 4 online lectures at 2am local time. 
@djblanconyc ahhh aki* studyin for this outrageous hard test I have manana in physics class 
2day was the last class of: French &amp; Law.  
@lesypr I'm sorry your prof (or instructor?) is incapable of choosing decent textbooks.   You should bring up these objections in class.
just got home from my first ever ballet class.  it was really fun but my legs hurt now!  also really afraid i will never get better 
@SalinaPerez21 I know the feeling! I get distracted with my kids and hubby! I just found out I got a D in my algebra class! 
Bout to hit the sac! Class at 8am  hope I wake up http://myloc.me/4fe4
have to give some aerobics-classes, although my back is killing me 
@fwdmotion bumout!! i'd totally take'em but i have class at noon!!! 
bored with accounting classes 
@Janienicoleex3 hey did you get your schedule yet I did I have good classes! ugh 7:20 is still to early for me 
i scored low for english  i scored a 7.7 out of 10 and i wanted much higher. it's supposed to be my best grade
And now I get to edit until class starts tomorrow... 
i miss 2G.  3D's not my type of class :| [sorry]
I had so much fun today. We finally feel like a real class now. Vibes gud kami maxado. But I still miss iLuke. 
Class canceled 
I'm sad 'cause I leave school and my class, the best calss ever for me.. 
at class! x.x .. so bored ... i need to sleep a lot 
back to classes  x
I cant wait till school and comfirmation class is over so that i can do whatever i want! 
In history class  supposivley doing work :s
just arrived from school! 6-9pm class really sucks! but I love the professors.. they seem to know what they are teaching...unlike some... 
In class then off to the orthodontist 
@ has to sit through a four hour class 
Is very sad because of low retention rate, it will be late for me to open english classes...while I already prepare evrything 
walkin 2 class woke up late 
Too nice out to have this class 10:30-1. That's prime beach tanning time  lol
@williger That looks like so much fun! Wish I could be there! I'll be stuck in class. 
@simonecupcakes wooohooo just got a message &quot;I will be there&quot;  happy dance but still sad that it was your last class  I will miss you!!!
Awwwe I miss class night and how pissed she looked 
in class and i am so bored it is not a game 
Spanish Class is not easy 
Dying foe a dance class 
don't wanna go to my 1:30 class... but I know I need to. -math is my worst subject 
http://twitpic.com/7q0ol - last day of class with middy 
Long day so far, and my class hasn't even started yet  #fb
@HelloImEmilyy nm just bored in com.class  u?
@cuallycatx That sure does...was it someone in your actual class, or in just in the program 
@cuallycatx That sure does...was it someone in your actual class, or in just in the program? 
can't be any more tired..and I still have class tonight! 
In science....this class blows. 
Going to class til 8.ughh 
Is really going to miss my class  We have been through it all together!
My last photo class. 
Wish I could do #dcth for once but I'm off to my biz comm class 
Really want to take some art classes, but I haven't taken an art class since highschool. 
last dance class of the year 
waiting to smoke. wishing class was canceled 
Last day of the first class I ever taught 
oh man. this isn't a computer ethics class, its a law class!!  
sitting in class being bored. wishing i was wit my boo 
Oh dreadful 6pm class... 
@ computer class really bored 
is sitting in class  3 freakin' hours!!! And I can't believe I was excited for this :|
saddest class...probably ever.  xoxo erin
@creativeslice I wish I could.  I have class tonight.
RAWR! my bang is too short  i hate it. it better grow out before school so i can go to sleep in class ;)
And I'm bored.  It's unfortunate that I can't do real research whilst in class.
I'm bored. I've got no classes. 
My Next Class starts at 12 pm and im still at my house ... 
i cry a million times  i love you guys we were the best class
I'm going to miss my humanities class. 
today I've got no class...how boring I am...huhuhu 
In geo class I think I failed my final 
I'm absolutely terrified of my math assessment on monday. I'll be placed in their lowest remedial class, for sure. 
@faultlines Yezyez. I'm so scared of not doing will in my class 
Too many classes so little possibility to be in the same class together 
hey twitts! I feel like I haven't been on here n a while! a lil depressed now  jus got my grade 4 class &amp; it wasn't so good 
last dance class tonight 
says my english116 class is boring.  http://plurk.com/p/1244a7
Class till two 
my spanish class will be canceled again! argh! miss it sooo much 
It's really going to be sad when the foundation day ends. and i dont get pulled out of class 
@littleblackboot I was in the class sweetheart    youmei told me last minute. I skipped geo to look for you. couldnt find you. :/
On the way to class 
says com skills is my first class tom. if i'm late, i'm dead.  http://plurk.com/p/126vim
Not feeling well  A saturday class just makes it worse.
ainiiii why don't u go to ef? I miss u in class  costas asks you,my rasp. @ainot
Aw! I'm gonna miss my movie class teacher  not only cause he's the greatest teach ever but also cause he's the hottest one! ha
Ouch!  Lots of back bends in my yoga class tonight.  And I flipped over during a half handstand jump 
I want to take dance classes!! 
The korean guy in my class is so cute  too bad he's a fob
I fell asleep in class.. for a bit.  But still tryna stay awake until class is over. 2 more hours. -_-
Class  3 hours.
class on a saturday.. 
absent for my first  class. I didn't wake up on time. 
well thats a bummer.  nobody showed up for my class 
@moirarogersbree i've never used a fire extinguisher in my life.  the day they taught kids in middle sch we had the gifted class &amp; missed
Feeling better but missed review class. 
After puking and nearly passing out during a hard pilates class, the instructor congratulates me for working so hard and to keep it up  
@aprilprado calling your name but you didn't hear.  I am taking biology. To much homework but I have fun. How is your class so far.??
Is on a psychometrics class which makes me perfectly sleepy. i really want my pillow. 
So so don wana go to class!! 
just checked my student portal and i have a class next month with one of my least favorite professors, ever. fml.  i haaate him!
#dontyouhate stop seeing your crush when classes are over? 
so bored. I still hate school. my class starts on tuesday. 
does not feel like going to class 2day.. 
I'm not looking forward for my 3 hour math class m-th 
im still not feeling well. im so late for my class already. 
I got to make some photos.  I got to make new layout for my blog.  I miss my class.. The end of us. 
says sorry to Trespen aka my Tnglish class for not coming to empire dinner.  http://plurk.com/p/12eoz6
i have no idea that my class was moved earlier today, ending i was absent. 
has a crazy class schedule...saturday classes until july... 
Bout 2 leaVe fah my phlebotomy class 
-&gt; outside, thinking about python and its classes (java classes/objects are different(?)). i want to finish my program 
all classes on sundays should be banned. 
So tired! And I have to go teach my last swim class. 
@beautiful_waste I wish you were closer!  You can try the class out to see if you like it before signing up, it's so fun!
10am tumbling class epic fail 
ahh. i got tired because of the discussion in class. 
sitting in class on a saturday morning  have to keep reminding myself that i only 12 more credits left of my masters.hope this is worth it
is thinking of training as I missed class wed and fri 
Shoot, I just realized I slept through aerobics this morning and that makes it the 3rd class I've missed this month 
Blaaah, dont feel like reading for this class 
had my first class for basic photography today. i hope it gets better (socially. for me.)   haha good vibes!!
x.new X() where x is an instance of the class. But if the class is static the .xml layout document can't see it 
Weekend classes suck  this is the worst class ever!!! Fml
overslept so no acting class today 
class reunion nervousness..don't want to be oldest/fattest one there 
is off to the last hoofin' class 
i might as well skip maths class today. it's a shame i'm sick. 
had my last botanical illustration class today.  really going to miss it. 
i hate gettin woke up early  if u can class 11:30 as early that is
misses Swimming Class.  http://plurk.com/p/12nt0b
wishing for a no more 7.30am - 7.30 pm class.. how i wish! 
relaxing, don't want to start class tomorrow 
is dying because of prob homework.. this is not even an acting class!! 
80 degree weather and im going to class 
graduation tonight, im so nervous!  class of 09 &lt;3
Trying not to stress about this math class!  {I have a headache} (
so frustrated w/my online class rt now 
@tweetytweeets is your art class killing you?! 
I'm worried about my computer's class mark, its giving me a headache 
@micahzeb I was going to take a summer class but stupid comm college classes pretty much all got cancelled 
@theseanfarrell if only I didn't have spin class after work, we could have grabbed a coffee after 
getting ready to go to Class from 6-8:40. .. I dont wanna go 
@richrichmond wish I could but I can't.  My first time teaching this class and all the regionals will be there 
is at shelton in calc class 
...heading to class...hopefully I get out even earlier since I gots another test manana 
i am soo incredibly bored in my econ class... yay summer 
foood then heading to night class 
Why no, i did not start in my class today 
in class, then home to do laundry. physical anthropology  bill is such a nice guy, i just cannot keep these eyes open ! sheesh.
in class..sober   .....whos down to get frost in a few hrs? i got 5 on it! lol
I don't want English Class todaaaaaaaaaaay 
I wish I was sleeping right now... But biology class awaits 
in class  wishing i was at the beach since its gorgeous outside today!!!
Class is boring 
I guess I'm abt 2 get ready 4 class 
@mitchelmusso I'm jealous! I have a dumb class and only 8th grade 
Today they cancel my harp class. 
Jealous of @will_hill for being at fagans. I'm in fami class til six. 
has to go to dance class tonight 
sleepiness hit hard and class isnt over until 3 
class time 
@cristineve at 1:05 and I have math classes starting at 1:30 to 5:00 
At camden county picking my classes 
@jboogie0730 thank god nelson was able to cover my 5-10 they were due back hours ago, even missed class  :p
@LisaHopeCyrus hunny in an hour i have math class and i won't be able to talk with you until my class of 2 hours end! 
I'm allone in this class, I know nobody  I hope it will have no freaks :S nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
class   fiscal mgmt in a not-for-profit. . .joy! :-/
Class started today. my history class is going to be very very intense. 6 months crammed into two. WOW! 2 midterms and 2 finals 
@fryfan20 It really does.  I mean, my video was good. The teacher loved it,the class loved it,so why do I even care?
1 day left of being freshman class presidente. 
I'm completely confused on what is going on in this class in ch. 5-7.  wahhhh.
Going to class...because that's where I spend my entire life right now 
just got home from class...I miss you  .....
Night class... 
If you are taller than me then why in hell would you sit infront of me at class!! 
@thedaveywavey: wish I could tune in but I'll be in class! 
Just taught my only class for the day.  If only I had nothing to do now 
classes are suspended 
@JOSSI3 yeahh  i have to... or else i'll like h everything haha. i hope we have class together next yeeearr
sickkkkkkkkkkkk and having to do homework for art history class 
ugh!! have to read the play of all my sons by today for acting class 
I love this class but I want my life back.  
i hope wlang classes tom! but that is impossible. 
feeling very guilty for not going to class today because angeline needs her book back 
Class is very boring. 
stayed up until 2a doing my daily log for class and now the ning is down and I can't post  mildly upset by this...
thank god theres still remodulers like me scattered around the class. econs class come quick at least i have @abcdefglynis my bff with me 
driving class in this heat...not fair 
@Souszan in my opinion it wasn't so sad, but in your class it was much more emotional and offd course pretty sad 
miss everyone in i.c  would be in class now if i was der ..x
Class,then work,then who knows but as of now, im out of coffee and moving at the speed of a broken locomotive so none of this may happen 
... computer class is so bore ! I need go home, right now 
@iTravisty ha I have an all day training class also  
Going go class, feel like crap 
Class until 10 and then flying to the dentist 
Today, my class in ef so boring 
@jonchiz I messed up this term, and I decided that I would have class until 5 and my student org at 6.  
Class wahh 
have had my dinner, read the papers. n now readin alil on my business class training notes.. 
that was a midterm? i probably didn't even kick it's ass, but it seemed easy enough. also. why aren't i out of class now &amp; napping? 
Going to class...missing my partner in crime 
Going to class with less sleep than I would like.  I hope I don't try to catch up instead of learning... 
good morning! in class. someone save me! 
i'm so angry about my geometry teacher! if he didn't lower my grade i could be head of the class! 
@melaniewashere Pooie I would go but have work and class 
why would they get rid of my thurs evening pilates class? jerks 
The sucky part abt livin an hour away from school? If you're late, you're screwed! I'm late. Class starts in 15 n I'm just leaving 
In Class til 1pm yay for me...  damn all I wanna do is sleep.. 8 am summer school is not the biz ...It's gonna b a long summer
in biology class... so bored   6 days for the vacationsss wiii 
is very very sad!!!! her vmc class is coinciding with her cousin's ring ceremony... 
@_ashleysays get me something,  lol. I am in class right now 
I'm soooooooo bored in this class! Some one help me please make me laff... 
Just audited an amazing acting class. So excited to start now! 
@LisaGoldfish or just join aquarena  then we can go classes together!
@tamsul My first class is tomorrow! 
@mgatton nice hair cut!  dude why were your students leaving in the middle of class, 1st period?
@RaisingLuna I really draw, yes  I'm no pro but I've got experience. 5yrs of art class in high school + creative degree = always drawing!
I'm not really feeling the whole 'going to class and being productive' thing today....hooky?! 
i was assigned to sit next to the most awesome student in my class (Y)  hahaha
shower...class...and then who knows maybe time with the boo 
@KatherineLM You are being a very responsible class skipper, doing all the reading beforehand!  
is off to class then work! have a great day everyone 
I'm supposed to have a visitor (potential student) visit my class this morning, so I guess I ought to put together a lesson. 
class class (exam) work. fml. but, listenin to &quot;i dont feel sexy&quot; 
sitting here in voice class again, hungry  make me food!
is texting with his teacher lady during class ...haha 
@jimmyfranco pineapple express was fantastic!!!! pure class, just the funniest thing i've seen in ages, you rock  x
I'm in class on a saturday....can you believe this shii???  I love it.
is sewing for my college class! 
@EverybodySafe What geology class did you take!! (kidding) 
5h class today...then after that city with the bifff 
Heading out for mma class 
im happy  even though this summer will be filled with 20 credits of class...
Aww, my kiddies always put me in a good mood when I leave class  they're such good students (...usuallyy
Lolz they have rearranged the seat reservations and we are &quot;stuck&quot; in first class 
just played flippy cups in my masters class with our instructor.    How fun!!!
I'm sitting in class.... waiting for the teacher to get here, and finally writing my first tweet!  
@Chadtheking8D i had dancing classes.. so it was pretty cool 
In midst of a class - talking about directing actors... 
sitting here in class and it's soooooo boring. later some chilling in the garden and hopefully finding some cheap notebook for myself. 
one more class, then the lazy half of my day. 
class ended 15mins early 
@Ryangoeswoah noooo, all the classes i missed were triathlons 
is heading to classes 
in skul nly 5 more classes then im hme yay.!.!.! 
just finished german class ready for a big lunch!! 
spin class kicked my ass!!!! but i like it 
hot french boy in my class. all of a sudden my day just got better 
class until 3 then let the party begin.... 
Going to do hip hop in fitness class! Yay! 
is having Italian classes.. 
@zawfi biology class is at 9:10  i should get ready at 8...or 8:30....:-p hes usually late. LOL
looking forward to doing nothing tomorrow  yay for no class!
only 5 more days of class 
I like my art class.  Everyone is so funny and the teacher is adorable (not hot adorable like cute adorable) aww! can't w8 for thursday!!
Up early....and now class is canceled. Sometimes life is just not fair! 
the middle of no where 
@nliu They should take the new media class 
@SteveHills &amp; if u were refering to the drama I was working on a little while back. It was for acting class not for a job. 
http://twitpic.com/4e63w - bunny right outside my class on thurs 
lalala ..almost done with my last class.. 
I have attended a class in sharekhan. It seems to be gud, still a long way to go 
Headed for step class. I hope I can survive it.  
watching class act 
@ninaneverknew ah yes! someone texted my professor while we were having lecture &amp; told the whole class 
just got to see her hunny when he came home  haha for a second before going to class...
@deborahkl goodluck deb!  are you taking classes by yourself?
just taught my first cooking class.  preparing lessons for the rest of the week. 
@ksuguy20 true but no class for me 
At the uni just learned I only had one class today. About to go home 
Off to class .... Longggg day 
In math class now, about to shoot myself because its so boring. 
kid's class is going on field trip today ~ and for once, I was smart enough to not volunteer to help! 
what a beautiful day not to got to my first class 
Off to class. Be back in about 2 hours! 
yay for my very last class of the semester! 
lasttt mondayyy of classs 
i'm excited about cake class 3 tonight   i'm a nerd
Marking going ok so far A's and B's so far - relieved it looks like I have future programmers in class 
@kittydisco until when are your classes? 
@waitrewindthat I love you moo  night night... Class is a maybe... But I have that damn bet with martha
advertising! i neeeeed an A in this class! I can do this!  i believeeeeee
back from the library-- time to knock out and then wake up for my 7am class :/ but sooner or later you'll find me back at the library 
So... I'm going to spin class tonight. I'm guaranteed, going to die 
@murgeys unfortunately I have my last class tmrw, so no more guest speaker! but having @jack was really amazing! 
@ginacorral i go 2 the univ of phx and i strt my criminology class 2morrw  i only go like 0nce a week for 4hrs n finish a class evry 5 wks
punching through some work so I can make it to BirdGang dance class later 
@sakthidharan never mind.. i expected an old class photo 
Housing and interior design class 
@volunteacher can we go to multicultural day during class? 
is in the middle of listening to PICpodcast and it's pretty funny. I'm so jealous! 
I get to bring a pillow to all of my classes  yay english! But seriously. I really do.
relaxing and watching 24 before my last class of the semester 
@Poohbear0436 well..maybe not right in the middle. 
In health class, writing a letter to my mommy for an assignment!  I LOVE HEEEEEER! 
Getting ready for class ! Class at 9:35-11:40am 
Watching the office in math class 
had an amazing master dance class with jimmy from so you think you can dance!!!!!!!!!!!!! amazing....i cant feel my legs!  viva la xtreme
@SEMInalMusik: because i'm the girl in class, i stress myself lol  it's for a good cause.. psh
@tomatosponge you are in my group in sport exam? because i don't know in which class we need to go 
Yaaaaaaaaay the class canceled before I going out the house  ...
@Billionairetwit congratulations! yay for class '09! 
Going back to uni n attending my hot-ass-lecturer class haha 
@hsubidooby  no class for the next whole month now la..exam period no class one..and sem 1 ended ready 
Home already! And class was suppose to end at 3.30, its 3.32 alrready 
@HAMMER32 @OpheliaPunk @androidtomato don't stop believin' was our class song 
missed first class, now I am taking a long breakfast 
is laughing at the hilarity of combining her descomp class and photobooth 
is eating a yogurt cup an hour before yoga so she doesn't faint in class. 
About to teach a nice dynamic yoga class at darlinghurst ff, come along 
@laurakalbag you shouldn't need lots of classes as long as you give a class to each form instead of all the elements within it 
@sarutobi1 thanks  and i won't. i will be the jerk of the class.
Getting ready for first day of class 
is ready for the driving class on wednesday!! 
had a positive level 3 adv class. was nice 
I'll use some friction to get you charged - yay for mr. saunder's class and all my dirty-mindedness 
I start my 2nd last class of grad school today! 
online shopping in class 
I'm starving! I'm so so so glad i crotchu froot loops to class 
in computer class with my cacas! 
passed all my classes...heck yeah 
most pointless math class ever.. shout out to @nehaisreddy whos sitting 2 seats in front of me 
Class then tomorrow is my birthday!!!! 
Silvers gave us the last 30 minutes of class to sleep!  it was great!
@krajczynski Class I forgot about that. That's going on the site! 
off to teach two classes back2back! Then.....? 
in class..BORING! // rugby T O D A Y !!! yeyyy 
just starting my first class at the edit center. i think i am rly going to enjoy this 
Is chillin like a villain  no class until wednesday.
zzzz may be the cure for my sadness. Class of 2009 baby! 
One more class to teach and then I can enjoy my weekend! 
Morning  ah geography class, sooo interesting :/
is watching masterchef master class 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5l4jq - I love wiffle ball! I play it in gym class! I always miss the first time, but hit the second! 
Locker clean out. Lol back to class 
packing up for class... see u tweets in a few 
in gym class listening to the jonas brothers. 
@imdinnar ew,im not that clever, im just lucky  what bother you at the class? the lessons?
@TruckerDesiree It looks like you are in the middle of nowhere..LOL 
In class, working with @mattleonowicz  http://twitpic.com/5oxqj
Just failed my earth science test. Now im sitting in class waiting reading huck finn... Lunch next 
in computer class! Todays a good day 
in computer class with laila  in jersey this weekend
Computer class  no teacher :O
I just  love shadow boxing  class 
will prepare for violin class now 
is in class on a wednesday and actually feeling pretty damn happy  But i've to rush off to two different places tonight. Stupidshit.
I think I have favour with trchs, they all let me go off class earlier! And taht means I can go to church!  OHYES!!!
Just got done auditing my acting class. It was fun. And I jumped in and acted with everyone else  it was really good.
@joshmachine business class ! hmm ... personal bartender  hope you took advantage..
wow, graduation night is so crazy that it wore me out. i need to rest now :/ Congrats class of 2009 
@_ciaobella_ have fun tomorrow at class 
is converting my whole class to twitter during computers  word
i am not even lying, there were so many shaymins  when i had to go to lunch, i saw kids going into that class for next . and messing it up
@melodysong jeez, not my fault that you weren't specific  I _was_ actually planning to go to gun class there next week.
