Most common words for this cluster:
[('cleaning', 80), ('shower', 52), ('time', 43), ('laundry', 35), ('day', 29), ('today', 28), ('clean', 24), ('packing', 21), ('work', 21), ('washing', 19), ('cleaned', 17), ('amp', 17)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Cleaning', 0.8639695644378662), (u'cleaning', 0.7485185265541077), (u'Laundry', 0.7027732133865356), (u'Disinfecting', 0.6747351884841919), (u'Carpet_Cleaners', 0.6736509203910828), (u'Disinfect', 0.6724067330360413), (u'Clean', 0.6713384389877319), (u'Pressure_Washing', 0.663493812084198), (u'Washing', 0.6543955206871033), (u'Carpet_Cleaner', 0.6498950719833374)]





Just woke up, god I feel lazy. Shower time then off 2 the bank before work at 11 
@beckamcmaster general cleaning, very dull 
Sunshine...!!  Washing drying. Trying to keep boys occupied... but all the want to do is slob about in pyjamas and play Halo..!!  
@iamschnurr I agree.  Cleaning my car off made me really cold though 
@PureEm mines is in for repair 
Spring cleaning 
Laundry underway: check.  Raid tonight: check.  Crippling sense of not knowing how to make myself be productive, schoolwise:  check.  
is doing a shit load of laundry - Laundry night 
Heating is now on and it smells sooooo bad here now, gloss paint drying 
My garbage disposal is broken.  
Wet hair + No Hair Dryer =  ... Dry fucker, DRY!!!
Cleaned all the windows with metho + water. Not sure if you can tell that I cleaned them though 
really need's to start tidying up 
i really shouldn't be allowed to do the washing - mostly ends in a desaster 
Laundry, cleaning, and grocery shopping today.. Then back to work tomorrow 
@sander_jwt  That's not so good!
Shower and ready for school! I can't see the pic in my cell! 
Wash, condition, rinse, dry, serum, dry, heat-defense spray. dry, flat iron, hairspray... I hate hair washing day... 
@RobinCricket Packing on a friday night sucks too. 
@misssaramarie our storm completely destroyed our new landscaping. Mulch and what were small trees are in the neighbors yard 
Shower, then to work...no weekend for me 
@NYCityMama cleaning and laundry today 
@PsychMamma so sorry  I hate showers too. Wash those feeding bags out!!!
Party's over... Clean up time... 
is up... but isn't sure what to do today?  Cleaning I guess   It could be worse   http://tinyurl.com/2w9lbr
is just about to start the big clean. Really can't be bothered 
bleh. Packing is no fun 
@Lloydito nah- tesco is gonna be a first thing in the morning job - ponders end at 10am! Cleaning now, cancelled gig 
preparing myself for a cleaning session, that isnt wanted!! 
Cleaning, Packing and then studying for my last exam ever 
Right now Laundry Before I go to work 
Laundry, will it ever end.  I dont' think so 
Laundry done, gotta pick up a few things from the store then off to bed for work tomorrow. 3:30am will be here in no time 
trying out this p90x. I did Body Pump today at the Y and wrenched my wrist 
@DonnieWahlberg at hOme cleaning 
Printingone! - To do list: Dishes | Laundry | Assignment 
@demonj88 I know it was the same with assassins creed!! Rinse and repeat always repeat 
Finished mowing the Law, back to study 
@lizziethelizard That is so sad to hear about Sunshine Cleaning 
@izka2 Yes. Sunshine Cleaning. Wouldn't recommend it 
Why is twitter always doing maintenance when I want to twitter ? 
Laundry and cleaning... I hate it ! 
Household chores!  
Dry cleaners may have lost my party dress 
I forgot my Klean Kanteen at home 
Morning. Cleaning day. 
I hate Ironing school shirts. 
Laundry for my husband, clothes to fold, dishes to do, and school work to get done. 
Laundry day today.  
will be back home soon, yay! Unloading and unpacking all of my things...not so yay! 
Cleaned my room and the dog got a old lip stick out the bin and has ruined my new carpet 
Shower time is fun. Yay. Drivers training today 
Shower today = most painful experience ever! 
Waste of time and fuel 
Last day of my holiday, back to work tomorrow. Plan for today:- do some of the stuff I wanted to get done this week. Clean behind freezer 
Shower time, phwoahhh today has sucked amazingly bad. And argh just 
Shower done 
The day is pretty! Just got out the gym. Shower then work! I smell funky  K!nG
My Washing machine is broken  Kept filling up and never stopped...major overflow in the basement...wearing my last pair of clean undies 
#MFZARMonday Garbage trucks @ 6am making just enough noise to alert people in china of their presence 
Shower time... someone should by me a new cake of shaving soap for the straight razor, I'm almost out 
Amazing number of Turkish spam in theaquarium's comments. Cleaning up... 
Shower &amp; outttt. Sunnn &lt;3 ..... work later  having so many days off in a row was too good to be true!
Cleaning cleaning cleaning cleaning cleaning cleaning cleaning cleaning.... it never ends! 
Shower then school 
HVAC is down, and it's getting nasty hot and humid in here... This is going to be a long weekend... 
Right - so now i'm home - what next...... Cleaning 
Lawn Mowing activities. So much for #sf4 
Epoxy headache  
@jennysunphoto @jonlow @ShootDiva Dry chilli pan mee~! wooo...damn im sleep 
We've got a ton of Steam Fresh corn but no peas!  I want peas!
Tired all week, then can't really sleep due to being restless, now tired again.  Shower, work, then golf and a relaxing weekend ahead!
Spring cleaning episode 2....do I really have to 
Feels very ucky today... I need more DEFENSE Vitamin Water because I don't want to be sick no mores 
Laundry time and LOTS of it! 
Shower head broke while i was in the shower and shot straight @ my head.may get a welt later on from it 
@danudey hot weather for the lose. And I have to clean too!  Cleaning in the heat sucks balls.
Just came back from school.... Packing for my dad's house 
general cleaning! i hate cleaning 
Cleaned four bathrooms this afternoon....(yes, go ahead and feel sorry for me...lol)....mine are still waiting for my attention    
Errands r done. I miss my @KaysleeCollins 
Is about to work on installing laminate flooring.. 
@Teelou  lovely  Ironing is the one thing I just wont do! have fun lol
@tshirtdart No, it's not in the trash because I never deleted it. I saved over it. 
Cleaned da bathroom washed clothes tryin to make moves n take dis lil dude to da prk..get at me ya'll..yo my mood is wacked out rite now! 
sharting madly, i think i need to change my HEPA filter 
I'm in Eugene...... Cleaning 
Shower then ktown part two, then off to yucky work 
@shortyinabox Shower did help but it didn't wash away the few extra pounds unfortunately  Wouldn't it be awesome if it worked that way ?
Paint all over me 
@jordanknight Showering is overrated. Soaking up time with your kids is much better, esp. since you'll be leaving them soon 
Shower, follow by trying to get a hold of a friend 
Money Saving Tips &amp; Washing  http://cli.gs/YnRXp4
tripped over the vacuum cleaner 
i freaking hate cleaning! D: my hands feel disgusting from all the scrubbing and cleaning 
Laundry in my new house! Heads up I don't plan to move ever again. This place is awesome, been moving all day!! 
@EmmyTan i wish i could've joined you guys! Chlorine and all 
today is going to be spent shifting through old memories at my old house. Packing. 
Temp is now 102 only 3 hours later...I had to call in. I'm hurting everywhere!  
Just waking up. Tons of chores to do.... 
Hangover from hell... any quick fix cure so I can enjoy the sun without throwing up?! Hydration is the key I feel 
Declutter 1 cabinet at a time... This will take 100 years  something has to be done w my super messy house
Morning Twicks! Household chores are finito, now time to do my take home final! 
Shower, church, pick out a new paint color (again)... I wanted to cry when I saw my house 
Laundry is one of my favorite forms of procrastination...but it's almost done, which means it's time to get to work 
Sure wish I had a vehicle that would make it to Fort Worth to watch Sunshine Cleaning. 
Shower...it might hurt with this sunburn... 
Shower time! I hate Lathrop!! 
@tracy_tiz  sadness...under armchair? In fishtank? Toilet?
going to have to get my act together and start ironing   cleaning is already done though!
is so sleepy its ridiculous. who decided the painters and aircon cleaners would come here so early!! i should still be sleeping 
@CincauHangus i nvr seen that  I hv a jacket, mints &amp; wet tisu in d car. Wipe off make up, eat mints &amp; put on jacket b4 d road block lol
Laundry fail: Sent B to work in a shirt that still had detergent on it. So sorry, babe! And I thought I was being cute and domestic. 
Kill me.  Cleaning the attic sucks so hardcore.
Getting my teetfs cleans. I got a cavity. 
Removal van just pranged my car 
Last Monday at Epps   Packing.Packing.Packing!
Restroom again! 
Shower time...my wrist just cracked and it hurts 
Laundry time 
Doctor's appointment this afternoon.  Drying my hair and getting ready to go.
Last day of work  Cleaning and organizing the ATR.
...Spray tan finishedddd !!! ...now got to revise for bloody science not soo good !!  x
So I did 9 job apps 2day, I better get some calls by friday or im blowin the place up! Cleaning up &amp; then getting reday for skool 
Damnit! Laundry refuses to self fold, wife home in 1hr, time to go fold 
Cleaned out the basement and my allergies r goin crazy my eyes r tearin up soo badly n my throat's scratchy 
@tarajan98 Just so you know, I'm TRYING to watch the trailer but youtube is having issues!  Maintenance or some crap...
i hate youtube and their maintenance  i'm so sad
@petrilude Don't you just hate maintenance ... I'm waiting 4 it to come up too 
@knightparsifal i broke i phone screen during repair  
@loveli Dyeing it red per chance? or blonde? last time i dyed my hair red, it went luminous orange  dyeing hair = funny.
@ilicco There is a method and I don't have it. Construction, editing, etc...never paid much attention at school. Focused on maths only 
cleaning + washing to do. feeling SO not motivated 
@eddieizzard It's horribly overcast here  Dry but none of the sun and warmth that I enjoyed yesterday. Pants.
this morning i thought i found forgotten cash in my pocket only to find out it was only for Canadian Tire! 
packing packing packing .. back to halls tonight  but.. Dry Dock &amp; cheap drinks in the sun with my fav ladies makes it alllll better.
@Demongrrrrl I wish I could say that. Repairs are bad enough &amp; critical enough to seriously consider getting a new-to-us car. 
WoW extended maintenance! 
@Edostal Duct tape fixes everything!! I'm terrified of heights though 
I steam cleaned my car's floor mats today!...didn't make a difference though.  Stains will never be gone.
I have a fleshlight, but no lube      (via #zenjar )
@_annella i am here. half here, i'm kind of cleaning 
WoW has been patched and is down for maintenance 
damn, with all the dry cleaning of the carpets i missed the kfm word 
@MrBeatnick Wow your Concrete remix is nice. Bit laid back, but nice nevertheless...my mum also doesn't buy records anymore 
@jamcs I just typed %Temp% and deleted all 397 files in there, ive also cleared my cookies internet browsing history etc, still no sg 
Spring cleaning 
Damnit. Laundry is still damp 
@Danyezee nice, I did the light cleaning yesterday. I guess that means I need to do the heavy stuff today as well. Scrub tubs and floors 
Stuck in tim hortons traffic. Cleaning and then work one to nine thirty.  ugh.
Soaking wet  and I feel disgusting. Shower time
Chlorine pump at our city pool blew up yesterday.    No swimming this weekend.
Laundry again...no sooner done than it's here to do again. 
It's that house-elf time of day again.  Cleaning and packing.  
Oh no bbq today  too much crazy stuff. Cleaning sounds like the thing to do.
It's the first sunny weekend in several weeks, so what do I do? Laundry. 
@daz77 I went to take the trash out and locked myself out 
Why do I always wake up right after @crystalchappell is done tweeting? And why is twitter doing maintenance &amp; not letting me post this? 
Off to buy bleach, Lysol, Simple Green and get towels from home just in case the major leaking starts again. Wish I was at the drive-in. 
Most disappointed to discover that Mr. Muscle Oven Cleaner has not negated the need for a substantial amount of elbow grease 
back from Spring Cleaning the prefects' room. extremely worn out. 
Dry tickly cough 
Broken air conditioner!!!  thank god Palatka Heating and Air is here to save the day! I couldn't sleep at all.
Air Conditioner Clutch, some associated dryer, and engine mounts - $1200 at least to fix the car 
Laundry to collect, breakfast to make, and gonna try to pull the engine and trans outta the X today. Getting a late start. 
Fxck cleaning 
Weather is questionable, no more Chicago today   Spring Cleaning instead.
Last day EVER at Clean Cut! open 12-8. I'm starting to feel a little emotional about it finally. I thought it wouldn't hit me. 
Laundry needs to be done. Why did i not bring more clothing home? And why did the weather guy decide it wouldn't be sunny all weekend? 
Laundry time 
They wouldnt let up wait at the place so we walked around tin corner to some restaurant. Of course, dripped fucking sauce on me. Stained. 
had a carwash and it started to rain!! 
Just woke up. Packing  flying back tonight  bout to go down and have breakfast. X
It's almost 5:30 pm. At 8 pm we close the doors of Clean Cut. 
Tires replaced, expensive  
Epoxy stuff to fix espresso machine leak = FAIL   it's better but it's a pressure issue so any leak is unacceptable, it has to be 100%...
Spring Cleaning! Two stories suck! I waste all my energy on the down stairs &amp; the poor upstairs gets neglected 
@kelseyetc The creepy creeper that we spoke of earlier. Grinding. 
Eww...my hands smell like Glass Windex from cleaning the mirrors at work 
@thebookmaven No such thing as Clean the Office day while on deadline... 
Not sure I want a housemate besides my BF anymore.   Disgusting dirty house = not my fault. Cleaning should be a joint effort. URGHH!
@Isis1948 I hear ya! Cleaned all yesterday and today is laundry....UGH!! Laundry never ends!  
I feel like a bum. Facial hair is is super long. Electric razor is dead. Clothes wrinkled.. 
@larainefan Been trying. Washing my hands more than usual, bandages won't stick 
@R33S I hope u manage to sleep.  I'd offer u a massage, but my arms aren't long enuf! Warm bath? Bio-freeze maybe? That stuff is great!
1hr cardio out the way. Washing on. Headg out 2 sunbathe w a little Oasis to flirt with. Unmotivated 2 drive to LB to c JanesAddic. 
@fancyfembot I wish  Cleaning house at the moment.
http://twitpic.com/6v8xa - Packing 
7k, 11th game. 3447734 ran into hidden  backdoored kings full in river.  Flush called 2 bets cold, I 3 bet, kings full 4 bets, flush caps 
And the sippy tops leak.  badly.  Rapidly becoming a non-fan of Kleen Kanteen 
Temp outside: 59 Temp inside: 78 Apparently the fam doesn't understand concept of central air. We'll see if I get to sleep being so hot 
@msalonen cleaning, cleaning, cleaning for me 
Being rather domestic today... Washing 
can't sleep so I'm up early cleaning. 
shop says my alienware mobo is toast. not sure whether to toss it or something else. Repair is same price as the new eee 
@alicexdemented awe I HATE that, I dropped mine in the trash  don't think it's great after that
Rental car pick up service is late 
@_FK_ Mowing down of pedestrians &amp; crashing is not to be recommended. I fear you will have to stick to silence 
Home from soccer, my toe nail fell off  it hurts like sjhudk. Shower timee..
@honeysugarwater Thanks! And he WAS fine! I'm so happy. The last time they called me out of a Body Pump class to get him I left in tears. 
just got up. Cleaning the house then work from 445 till 9 
Shower clothes work 
Waste of a weekend woo! Lately my life consists of waiting at airports and train stations for epic amounts of time. 
I wish we were allowed 1 memory cleaning a lifetime... but were not 
@xMeganBrittanyx ugh. That stinks.  Soap events are expensive.
went back to work today did ok with my calls till about halfway then grrrrrrrrr wish I was back on Vac. again 
I want my vacuum cleaner to work 
is super bored.  What can I do other than the washing...
@AlohaLealani cuz my mother threw Clorox at them 
Sims is sooo addicting!! Installing it on my lil bro desktop cozz my laptop suckkzzzz 
don't have to work. cleaning 
seems like our outdoor-proof web cam isn't  very weather proof! Condensation &amp; water in the housing unit. 
@onemorebite My desk is a mess too, and I can never seem to keep it clean for long when I do get around to cleaning it. 
Dry eyes 
My outfit is redic!!!!! I look so good. Cleaning the kitchen 
Shower took,, hair washeed,, so nervous,, il fall walkiin up to get mah prize  xx
http://twitpic.com/7klu1 Cleaning my highrise condo.. I hate cleaning 
Dry humped by a milf, touch some girls ass by mistake, some dude got shoved for touching mine...all on the rush hr 1 train... 
Another partly sunny day ruined by hayfever  At least we have running water today (tho not impressed by Anglian Water's naff road repair)
@DivineStorm maintenance? 
so the weather man was right. Not going to Allotment,rained off,  so Ironing to do, not done for 2 weeks  and rather a pile built up!
Urg. Mops face with towel. It's not warm in here and I'm sweating like a pig 
Just up! Revision, Cleaning. Blaah. Save me. 
@chrisricho dammit! I went to this stupid show instead... Waste of time  ahh well!! Live and learn!
Soak up the sunshine today as we are in for more rain ahead.....I am sorry to say 
first day of a three daybreak!!   I'll start by . . . Mowing the Lawn  
getting set to clean clean clean since it's raining 
@morganpressel Cleaning? 
about to start cleaning. 
The worst part about traveling? Packing. 
re-Cleaning the room.. ankle is aching again.  And I wanted to do a leg workout tonight too. 
Laundry time 
@pigonwheels Bathroom pic &quot;image not found&quot;  Resend! Resend!
Dry skin sucks 
think im getting a cold  ... and still recovering from Municipal Waste/Magrudergrind!
i hurt my toe  stupid plant was on the ground and I dragged my toe over the damn thing. Antiseptic ftw.
back to room cleaning 
I have like absolutely no clean clothesss 
@melgrimes Not to scare you, but Strep is a common illness in a cash handling job. Water, rest and pain killers are all you can do 
is off to do the washing up 
Laundry  ugh i hate it 
Mostly everything shut (inc our fave beach bar) and weather not warm. Sewage smell getting worse so can't use pool 
Why are holidays from work so boring? i actually wanna go back to work! Ironing and dishes for the loose 
MuggleSpace under maintenance?  That makes me sad 
last day 0f real work!....Cleaning 0ut my classroom......I'm gonna miss my desk &amp; chalk board &amp; the kids 
@keithnolan my corriander is dying! Watering isn't helping. 
I wanna have Chinese Laundry Vintage Boots!! 
http://twitpic.com/7qsc8 - Packing up my room 
Shower &amp; then baysitting I miss marisa  &amp; omg kayla! I dont know how ive survived w/o u boo ski! 
3 peeps out in one hand. Flush beat someone's 2 pair that beat my pocket queens that beat someone's Jacks. 6th place  
I want my stolen 22&quot; monitor back  Testing Surface apps after work is impossible without it (laptop's resolution too &quot;low&quot;).
I haven't unpacked my suitcase yet and I just spilled juice on my last pair of clean jeans  - Laundry just became official!
Trying to install #windows #messenger . Installation has stopped at 52%  
Cleaned out beach bag. Now bed all sandy 
@morosamt THe men have not arrived!  Decking is an area in the back garden covered by wooden planks - does that make sense?
Dry toast and water for lunch. Lovely. 
I always forget about the cleaning woman 
I'm receiving enquiries from visitors about how to order a product because the merchants' site won't let them  Waste of traffic
Garbage truck ruined snuggle time with Snickers 
Morning. Packing up to leave vacation 
Tire blew out on the highway just past the toll booth woohoo!!! There goes my day 
@TubboJr I completely understand!  Its hard to get everything just right after its been moved or replaced Remodeling is a pain 
Dishes &amp; Trash are done... Really wish I could go see the kids. 
I'm seeing the light! Towels and hanging clothes conquered....now for the socks.   I hate sorting socks.
iPod and sweat (or Water Damage and Warranty)  http://tinyurl.com/nxuf24
@genxblah not bad, car is down again - Radiator sprung a leak 
My car is getting repaired. Replacing the two front wheel bearings at Canadian Tire. I miss my car  #ldn
I don't feel too good  and I need to take out the trash xD
http://twitpic.com/7vxhs - Dry cast. 
Twitterness is making me ill! D: Cleaning again today. 
Wash - why did it have to be Wash? I am a leaf on the wind - watch how I soar. 
thanks Flatrate Plumbing for fixing the stoppage. Now will proceed to evaulate the damage, including a dead hot water heater. 
Already up   so damn sick .... Shower then laurens so she can make me hotttt for the wedding today. Its gonna be a looong day.
Just woke up. Packing all day, ughhhh. Why do I have to leave?? 
am all shakey and headachey. Packing isn't going well 
No more floordrobe  Tidy tidy bedroom... I wanna mess it up so it feels normal again 
Shower.Work.Gym.Tanning. Excititing, Huh?! 
Ahh! Cleaning lady got more expensive!  i guess I will have to be my own cleaning lady for a while!
@gquaye I'm suppose to go 2 a cookout in Ft. Wash in a few hours....I don't think so. 
@waste_diverter u r not following me so I cannot DM back at you 
Shutting down primary home PC for a week.  Remodel on office starts tomorrow.  Gota work off the crappy notebook. 
bought new hair dryer for a steal,wanna go home &amp; use it!i'm still annoyed i cant find my new Rowenta elite model hair curler! 
waiting for the next holidays. Cleaning up at the moment 
Watching ''The Cleaner'' &amp; taking care of wifey. She's sick. 
@catherinewade I've been waiting for DH to change drains in my sink for over a year. Faucet was done, but sink won't draink properly 
@LucasBlack There was the Cargo-Lifter project but that seams shelved  http://bit.ly/FpqgE
Is &quot;the Laundry Bitch&quot; @ this point in time.. 
Ugh, a ton of Laundry to get thru before I can go out and play 
@shehadacorpse  he's in the garbage
Collapsable cups and cupon cutters? Packing for camp is so stressful 
Vacuum zip lock bags must be the next best thing after sliced bread. Packing for 3 hours and it's been insane. 3am already 
Off Computer work, Cleaning 
cleaning, cleaning, and cleaning. did i mention i was cleaning? 
Laundry, are you dry yet? I'd sort of like to think about going to bed... work at 7:30 beckons. 
Shower flow then party time i just hope my baby still comes over 
Shower curtains bathroom doors = not ideal. 
awww i missed most of grease 
I am totally back into the mmo swing. Grinding for two hours non-stop. 
Shower or crunchie nut first ohhh idk 
Cleaned my Room .. an now I'm so tired 
Cleaned my white #macbook again.. Next time I'm getting an alubody macbook 
bit of a boring housework day   Washing in, clean clothes put away, dogs about to be walked...
Sims 3 doens't work on my laptop which is shit. Installing it on dad's right now, it better work, or i'll actually cry 
ulduar 25 toinght. general is not dead and trash respawned. 
Right - Ironing and packing now - joy 
Maintenance has a harness on 
Trace TV, stop showing the Clean Version of Paparazzi 
@darkandrez No washing clothes 
cleaning.cleaning.cleaning 
@wysefyre Yikes!! Beware!! Wash your sheets in hot hot water. 
Dry day in the shop 
@Shampoo_ oh no 
clean clean clean 
Hard drive update - my drive now has to go into a &quot;Clean Room&quot; since it appears one of the drive heads are damanged.  This is not good 
Hey what a deal- heat index only 109 today. Too bad it doesnt get hot enough to cancel a swim meet   Cleaned the house now gonna go mow.
proposal was cute! Vitamin Water should NOT cost $4.50 @ the movies!! 
youtubes down for maintenance 
what hot one! Temp @ work 101!!!! 
Shower time!! I have to go get a present I have no money and then I have to go to a meeting with a photographer for my senior pick grr 
I have blood on my clothes thanks to all this nosebleeding.  Laundry time?
I seriously can not wait to watch the premier The Cleaner! ahhh 10pm is so far away. 
Pieces of litter showing up around my neighbourhood.  #TOstrike
It rained on my washing 
Ning is down for maintenance 
AHHH I just woke up! Waste of time! 
Ah. Feck. Washing mashine broken. 
just got home from HHW. burning hot in our apt and i have to get up for work in 4 hours. damn. 
Boring day  Cleaned  room &amp; vaccumed hous.4 days &amp; I havnt seen any1 besids my parents. I feel like im in isolation!
@thedinnerlady Don't know where it all comes from  Recycling taken today and already started filling box again!!!
@stuartwhitman high maintenance 
@Skox omg same! Ironing and dishwasher and tidy my too  
is Ironing 
Still feeling sick. Waste my days off being sick 
my vacation is going too fast  Housecleaning day
Ugh! Packing sucks! 
wants to goo swimming with my frieends! gotta babysit soon tho     shall swim tonight! ....excited for Nexxt Saturdaayyy
About to jump in the shower. Washing away all the bad thoughts, and stepping out of the shower with positive thoughts. 
Cleaned the fridge, now need to cover the shelves. 
@Moist literal  there's a machine at the gym that has the same effect!
@ZorkFox awesome! create a web ticket and ask for assistance with Clean Receipt, we'd be happy to assist your store  #co-op #pointofsale
@ShannonHerod Duct tape might help (and no bruising)  
Editing the Bathroom series competition 
Shower, eat, read, then sleep to wake up early for morning food hunt with the girls and drumline. Then after watching 17 again!! 
Pump it up dreams are the best! Ahahahaha! O-town today! 
Shower time 
@JessicaBB Clearing things out for SCRUB day, or rescuing cool cast-offs? I'm about ready for a warm-weather edition of the clothing swap 
Shower time...then finally put pretty makeup..clean up alex's room a lil...sign up for a chase cc...then wait for baby cakes 
Always keep your undercarriage clean. 
Spring cleaning 
I'm glad I'm not the type of person that can't just ever spend a saturday night alone. Srsly. Home. Cleaning. Drinking. 
Laundry...  like meeting new peoples... 
Finnished cleaning 
Cleaned my room, now waiting to go to my grandmother's for some dinner 
Shower time! 
@Tamline Washing not going to happen! Wait until the basket is full  believe I'm having roast something for tea! It looked pink!
Tanning. Lunching. Cleaning. Packing. Compline-ing. that's my day in a verb overloaded nutshell 
Rainy days are very Bon Iver. Cleaning my room, doing homework and feeling very content. 
Spring Cleaning  I feel bubbly...
Up and about, no real plans for today other than to catch up on sleep and relax a bit. Household vhores as usual, otherwise... nada!   
I fixed my washing machine's broken pipe with duct tape  Mechanical skill +1  At least now I can get some washing done 
@blackhenker No one is allowed to touch it. So the display keeps clean  Cleaning booth is directly in the desk drawer for the quick dust.
Writing a to do list...love spring and summer!  Gardening time   Clean out the camper and get ready for camping next weekend.  You?
Watching grease 
Fffffab. Pneumatic drill. That'll help the phonophobia. 
I haven't used Paint in ages and i used it after all these years to create a swine flu banner, sort of ! 
- isn't beer just Sparkling Water with alcohol in it ? 
At the carwash, gdale soon 
going to bed;; grease 2 is so cute  http://twitpic.com/4gqor
watching grease 2 then bed! 
Up again. Freshening up then watchin a movie with da fams 
http://tinyurl.com/dzlvkg - Wipe that nose - We rode our bikes to the pilgrim river for lunch. What a yummy reward. 
Shower then bed goodnight my loves 
Cleaning, cleaning, cleaning!!!!!!! 
Just made a huge life decision yesterday evening. Upgrading. 
is learning how to speak  mandarin from the nice cleaning lady. 
is happy  and clean, squeaky clean
#todo Cleaning the Apartment - again - who keeps making this mess? oh yeah .. me. $10 + hug for the person to help come clean 
@imraphael @hsubidooby Scrub and moisturize... doesnt even sounds like 'showering'... maybe u should be inclined to follow me en. rephael 
Shower day. 
Shower/traffic/factory yaaaay 
@wossy http://twitpic.com/4jjdx - Soak your had in hot water (but not boiling) for about 30mins - it'll pull them right out 
Thank you, Afrin Nasal Spray! Also, I got a giant teacup tonight! 
Cleaned. Laundry. Nails painted. Productive saturday night 
Shower is taken. It is in the room right by the bed. Yeasterday we had the shower on the balcony, with sea wiew, that was a bit nicer 
It's great to be home! Temp is chill, cat is great and I feel awesome 
Shower time 
Getting ready to go to sleeep! Grinding early in the morning! Yay, money! 
So fresh n clean 
blogging, cleaning and chatting while listening to phoenixfm 
@kellyhines I see...well, I will just have to talk a little trash and get over it.    Blackhawks too?
Shower, phone, sleepys. I luh yew 
@mariahglare: you are a wonderful combination of hilarious &amp; crea8tive--Sewing machines, cooking and lighting up the dark.   @demorebarnes
is now busy cleaning! be back later  http://plurk.com/p/t9dpi
@ThinGuy ur parent tweets are the best! LOL! Dishwasher . . .  
just finished watching grease 
Shower time! 
#WhyITweet - because it beats  ironing, washing, hoovering, polishing, gardening,  and watching the ruddy WONDERPETS 
I buy a Vitamin Water every single morning. A must 
Productive morning. Cleaned out dvr.  here we go again with the detour. Nb 15 from miramar closed.
Completing Installation.. 
I smell like buggy spray!!  Shower time?  I thinks so 
http://twitpic.com/5cnik - Decorating my cake  It was so hot in there
I like the HTML5 doctype. Clean, simple, short. Easy to remember 
am abt to clean these damn sickness outta my room !!!!! hellllloooooo LYSOL 
Drinking Vitamin Water for the first time and throughly enjoying it  Now I see why people love this stuff 
Shower time 
@shadafuxupbitxh : spell check love? ... Ammonia is a substance ... pneumonia is what ur looking for! 
Going to Canadian Tire with my mom 
indulging in coffee, then will start fluffing, sprucing, Windex-ing for afternoon house showing. If I saw our house, I'd buy in a flash. 
Cleaned up my desk. 
It's my day off!!! Yay. Cleaning and spending some time outside. It's gonna be great 
There is a cocktail be name Harpic, can also be uses as a toilet bowl cleaner 
@oliviamunn The first wave arrives on hoverboards. Salvage wreckage. We can copy the specs and mass produce them. munn army hoverboards. 
is Squeaky Clean 
Shower felt great this morning 
@kbairdmurray I dye mine while having a bath lol. Wash the mess away as it is made! 
Shower time..... I love showers...sometimes I have 2 a day! Clean clean clean 
@ladybug8320 Tidying my &quot;art room&quot; . . . lol what a mess . . . might see a friend for a quick cuppa later 
@peterdtza  Dressing up, going into the office, keeping staff happy and answering calls are so overrated 
@LMStellaPR I got obsessive about vacuum cleaners when I was pregnant..now one from the warehouse will do! 
Todays plan: 11-12 Maths, 12-1 Lunch and OTH, 1-3 More Studying, 3-4 Cleaning, 4-9 whatever.. 9+ TV  I feel like Gatsby with my daily plan
Whoohoo. Sewing time, &amp; finished blocks for first quilt 
@jakrose Reusable grocery bags are a good idea -- I just see more and more people give away junk, &amp; it's wasteful.  One man's opinion 
Just got back from the gym. Shower, sleep, work 
Goodknight all! 
@violetile  ModKat Litter box looks damn nice but also very ex, lucky Marbles toilet bowl train 
Someone needs to write an extensive article on why many streetwear brands have deep roots in the DIY and punk rock scenes. Beautiful. 
On chapter 6 of #cleancode. 'have you read Clean Code?' should be a compulsory question in developer interviews 
Garbage - shredded old docs after cleaning  http://twitpic.com/5omoy
I'm so glad this exam is over. Packing now ready for the weekend of sleep drink and laughs 
Offspring and Cleaning = Win 
Cleaned my whole room 
Getting a haircut. Freshening up the summer look 
Getting a haircut. Freshening up the summer look 
wow i actaully got done with all the cleaning without rushing 
Bath &amp; Body Works - Foam Burst $5 - today only!!  I just spent $100 shopping online 
Finally feeling better from my attempt at exercising... Mowing! 
@S_Wash you should have been asleep like 2 hours ago  have a good morning!
Shower time 
I love grease 
Sunshine Cleaning was really good 
The Wrestler was goo but the ending pissed me of over all B+ Oooh I finally saw Sunshine Cleaning  loved it!
On my way to the meeting point... 2day we gonna shoot em up lol... Paint ballin day 
