Most common words for this cluster:
[('clothes', 255), ('dress', 247), ('shirt', 242), ('shoes', 220), ('pants', 178), ('jeans', 165), ('pair', 107), ('lol', 94), ('shorts', 81), ('shirts', 80), ('t', 77), ('com', 76)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'jeans', 0.7734788060188293), (u'pants', 0.7599235773086548), (u'ratty_jeans', 0.7561020851135254), (u'knit_beanies', 0.7533033490180969), (u'clothes', 0.7503389716148376), (u'flannelette_shirt', 0.7472509145736694), (u'gaucho_pants', 0.7444309592247009), (u'Minnie_Mouse_ears', 0.740403413772583), (u'Ralph_Lauren_polo_shirt', 0.7399241924285889), (u'pointy_toed_shoes', 0.7380748391151428)]





still procrastinating... i hate organizing my clothes  there's just so much....
zurich does not have smelly bags anymore 
has to return the shirt she bought from Topshop bc she has $50 in her bank account that has to last her the rest of the month, life sucks 
@junebugg15  I had to super glue my shoe!! Lol
Noes, my goat-wool socks have worn through 
@amsterdamant unfortunately, I didn't dream about shoes 
@westy154 Me too   I don't do suits.  I look like I'm in fancy dress.  Especially with shoulder pads.
why is it so cold? I need my paddington bear duffel coat 
where can I find a bleeding chanel necklace --lasercut?  it's like they don't exist anymore.... 
I broke the zip on my trousers. 
also wants 2 throw a shoe ... 
Today is very cold, so cold I may have to start wearing my jeans again  yesterday was raining but I did get some good shots of ducks 
SNOWING?! HONESTLY?! I heard that it would but... grrrr! I had to dig out my winter jacket and put my sandals away 
i definitely have to repack with warm clothes.  this is not exciting. i was looking forward to sun!
@LadiOfDaDMV im like it goes from north face coats to cotton v necks...i cop jackets for no reason 
@crashgrab I would, but all of my nice pants are either too big or too short  I'm going with a dress. Hopefully there's no wind.
@virtual4now ugh. [/me sends you warm pair of virtual running gloves.] 
 the stitches on my radiohead shirt are coming undone. wahhhh
Ffffuuuu the dress i wanted to buy is sold out 
@saldtprecords dang near snowing, its snow flurries  from sandals to boots again. crazy
trudging through the snow to class in my UGGS...last week i was wearing flip flops... 
So tired of looking for wholesale beads and not finding what I want! 
i'm guessing my tiffany's necklace and box grew a pair of legs and ran away  ahhhhh
doesnt have 1 single pair of spring pants that fit 
@of_many_masks  that you won't be here for the festivities.
Too tired to even go under the blanket. 
@brittthompson we will be stylin' today. at least my shoes because i still don't have a cool clippers shirt. 
@barbarag update:  a/c isn't fixed.  dress accordingly.  
just cut herself with her belt.  it hurts.
bloody stinging nettles - through heavy duty gloves too. 
The zipper of my favorite pants is now broken  i have perma open crotch!
still sick...still without a pair of brown plaid/green nike blazers in a mens 6 
Caps dominating shots 6-2. Rags up 1-0  #caps #capstwackle
I want new shoes... 
where the hell is my asos order!?! i want my pocket rocket and cardigan !! 
   i miss you guys too     i think i'm wearing skinny jeans a cute sweater and heels   not really sure   what are you doing today
Feeling like a fat chick, barely fitting in her clothes. 
I get to wear a skirt again tonight! yay! my wonderful pants are dirty 
I would say this shoe shopping trip was a fail. I only left with 5 pairs 
i hate this stupid hat 
currently sitting in jeans that i've worn way past their use by date... can't stop wearing them, mainly cause they're my only pair 
Is tired of wearing skids!! 
holy shizah! i forgot my hat. i feel so naked without it. 
@mikec25 I'm glad to know that my embarrassment made you laugh.  They were my favorite pair of jeans *sigh*
tough lose for the blazers tonight... 
A pedophile just asked me for change, and told me I dressed very sexy. I'm wearing shorts. WTF 
I ripped the crotch of my jammies 
I lost my gold necklace! 
I just ripped my pants  lame
@TerrorTerrier they're velcro cloth bands that wrap around our waist  when we try to pee on furniture, we can't bc it ends up on our band!
How did I get chocolate all over my dress!? 
@thehush suppose to buy new shoes but no offer.. bought some groceries intead 
@jaredleto Was I right about your shirt? I didn't understand your 'lol' about it! 
I have made it home....got on my comfy pjs and snuggling with my pillow 
tagless shirts are good but sometimes i can't tell front from back, i miss my dog 
I want a top hat 
@tommcfly Yes!!!!! It always beeps, and then I get even more nervous and embarrassed. It's the braces 
i really want the booties and the high waist shorts 
Making tutus. About 31 to make plus other orders 
i picked out a cute dress for the grad party ;) its 350.00, my dad says we can find the same dress at ross. 
But those skinny jeans won't look good on me if i don't stop this constant need to snack. I'm always hungry  huhuhu
I can see my stockings and tartan skirt hanging on the railings...I hate winter uniforms! I hate school grr, why cant holidays be longer! 
is very upset now.. she forgot to wash her newly bought white shirt seperately..... and that was her fav shirt  !@#$%^&amp;*()_+|
really cold...I have on 2 jumpers and a jacket...and I have a blanket...  I need a hug...
topshop didnt have my size in the shoes i want oh shitter 
@acaciaavenue Your so rags 
@burntbroccoli I sew lace onto clothes. 
Melting in my leather jacket... I can't believe how warm it is! Smelly people on the bus make me sad though 
i've got socks on and a blanket across my lap and i'm still freezin' and sneezin'  
Packing is a total nightmare &amp; I can't justify taking 6 pairs of Topshop heels when the majority of my time will be spent in the country 
@versace5 it won't be the same without you!!!  
searching for slythe,latis,blythes dolls..  i just want one!
is upset that she cant find a pair of sexy cut-out sandal boots anywhere 
holy hangover. no more formals 
Still on the sofa in pjs not felling too good!! 
@sunshine_  I miss winter too  I miss my UGGs and I miss bundling up in Juicy training and sipping hot coffee and cruising in the rain
only has one pillowcase. For two pillows. 
So many clothes, so little room in my carry on 
@ lunch. damn it! my pants keep falling down! i have to get my good pants cleaned. 
I am going to the mall to get a new fragrance. It better be in stock! I want new shoes too, but I have not seen any awesome sneaks 
But just gotta thank god cause I know it couldve been worse. Girls night out turned into. Chanels week in 
@courtneycompton haha. yeah, wtf. I decided on jeans and tee. &amp; i'm curious why we haven't hung out!  I'm sorry.
@Dinzzz missed you at the finish line  Wearing my medal all around town!
i wish i wore different pants 
@justjennyxo my lies t-shirt is too wee, my mcfly one is as big as a nighty!I dont have luck with the merch  haha x
wishes it was winter already so i could pull out the patterned tights and knits 
I applied a top coat as a base coat. 
My socks stink 
http://twitpic.com/3nb08 I miss my sweater 
@perezhilton Wow that was such a kick in the pants it's not even funny...    
I fell off my board...  I ripped my pants... 
@LIKLEP are you on rollerblades too???? i feel like an outcast now 
Ihate the fact that sandles and socks are not a gd fashion statement!....stupid injured foot 
i really need to tone up. i am the biggest girl in class again.  and i need to look better in clothes. the fashion world is pressure.
Breaking out the first skirt of the season. Would have worn my springy white pants, but I'm pretty sure they no longer fit 
Seriously, it is a challenge to fit a 6x4 foot walk in closet full of clothes into a 3 foot non walk in closet.  no room for my shoes.
i need to go to american apparel 
Planting seedlings in the garden, wearing trackie bottoms, uggs and a bra... Not the best way to meet the new neighbours.. 
@tristramtaylor I know right. What's hotter than flicking thru a perfectly colated library? But, I did neither. I polished my shoes! 
Morning! Bundled up in my robe and slippers..wtf its freezing out 
@Goldjennifer78 I love the pink bow dress! Unfortunately I'm penniless 
@AyeEmTee  wear the dress, it'll perk up this yucky day. I am wearing sweatpants...my back went out 
lost leather jacket syndrome 
wow its gorgeous outside! and i have lab till 5 and dress at 6 
JACKET?????? who needs a freaking jacket? REALLY wish i could kip in the sun though. 
Running behind schedule as usual!!! I should be doing all this on skates but think of the casualties  I could create  I'll be back....
@helenl epic asos fail  you tried beyond retro?
Dammit my sunglasses broke in my bag 
asks where's my lasalle jacket?!?!?!  http://plurk.com/p/pbqfi
Oh! I hate topshop for not having my dress 
I found a kickass jacket in my closet, my uncle said it's a belgium army jacket circa 1991-92, to bad it's too big 
@TheGoodOnesRtkn you should have.  sorry to hear about the pullover 
Why am i always cursed with hideous costumes? 
@bdafoe  you never took me to buy shoes
ugh, can't find my favorite outfit. 
@danbrettig Not funny that our jackets were taken from us. Now I have no jacket for tonight 
@stereosean  Lyrics. :-D  I didn't see the sweatpant's quote. 
@ suede and all our fellas are missin 
@myssmodelstar  meany pants
i want braces so bad   i hate smiling.
I'm so sad.  I lost one of my new earrings. 
@djsirvere damnit! i want me one of those tees! 
sad that one of her favorite shirts got bleach on it. 
i only have 78 update.. well 79 now... thats soo pants 
just put a hole in my jeans. 
I'm a pillow short. 
Now its starting to rain and i'm only wearing a sweatshirt joy! 
@GeoffJones i feel great in my skirt and red shoes... ...  your going to miss a great day 
i just ripped my tights. oh no 
Oh no! It's raining. They are going to process and graduate in ponchos! 
shopping for beads, then workingggg 
Apparantly I look more like a clown than a hippy in my fancy dress outfit for tonight 
i want to be in new jersey right now 
 out dress shopping ... kill me now
@iamdamnsam I'm off to see the  wizard too !!!!  I wish I had ruby slippers   
I Think I'm going to have to break down and buy a swimsuit 
at the cape, is raining  but they got seamonstres at the pub !!
I cannot find my bikini bottoms. Going out to do the usual of volleyball at juana's if i can ever find my bottoms! 
crutches  leg brace        no heels for prom!! whyy meee
Thumbs up @sophysophia pic --- I love lookin @myself In others pics... O I wore that dress last wk n the zipper broke 
Wishing I had gone to the Derby  Wearing my big hat at home though! lol
i HATE airlines!  i want my bag with all my souvenirs &amp; going out clothes... which is never going to show up 
Trying to do the cloth diaper hunt but not feeling very successful yet 
@Jennielovetruly wouldnt let me buy this jacket i wanted yesterday   i really wish i had it now cuz it would look  cute with this shirt
@thepistol we have some sweet shirts for you guys! hopefully we can meet you before we have to go home to ct 
is hating the cold, rainy weather  ..perfect night to cozy up in PJs and drink some hot choco x]
packing my bags, and ready to go 
trying to find new pants 
I forgot my sailor uniform and lost my wallet I can't cut a break 
ja;sjdf;ois;fsdf It does not feel like the weekend  Dress rehearsal tomorrow from 2-6:30
f-ing pj and charging me long distance. 
bowie ate my shoelaces 
Is at this shoot with nimmz abbs lee may n illana, I hate my costume 
omg i need to loose weight i just cleaned out the cuboard and found all these cute clothes that don't fit anymore. 
I just found a hole in my favorite dress 
@theanand Can you get a #bck5 Tshirt for me? I couldn't come. 
i look so funny. i am in pjs, ugg boots, cup of tea, beanie and a box of tissues.  clear signs of sickness 
Off to the curve for some food, need to get a pair of new sunglasses as somebody sat on mine 
@tommcfly i really wanted to get a t shirt or a hoodie but there was a huge crowd in hammersmith  is there anywhere i can get any? xx
@tommcfly awwwh, they are mean not giving the hoodies you want  x
I missed t-shirt #2 
anyone want a pair of leather pants? good quality, good condition, 36 waist, 32 leg. i found them in storage, but they don't fit anymore 
Feels like he has been beaten with hammers. Next long walk - better shoes + thicker socks. ouchies 
Were bout to drive thru the sketchiest storm maybe we shoulda held off on dallas for a day or two. Haha I need to find my Burberry case. 
had to throw my pj pants out...had a big rip in the cruch(spelling?)  lol i dont no how it got there....
fell down the stairs and broke her shoe 
ed kavalee and rove mcmanus at the logies in what can only be described as formal school blazers - why? i am clearly fashion backwards 
it's bad weatehr again  and even my borsalino doesn't make me warm enough to wear my jeans shorts, and i was so looking forward to them
@empireofthekop that's pants  hope he's back to fitness soon
@bellavenom can you do me some booties? my hoofs are cold 
Just been prom dress shopping xxx I'm well tired now 
Should look for more jobs at adidas...not feeling good about puma 
omg these pants are hideous  they look like my uniform pants, but with a lot more pockets
@Ineedmyfix I bought a maxi dress that needs to loose like 6 inches. It drags on me like a wetting dress. 
@grkxtina can't find my fukudome shirt  but I'm so ready it's not even funny!
@RosevilleRockLn I try to buy petite when I can but tops don't fit the chachas. So dresses have to come from regular section. 
@clemency ditto! And had gloves on. 
Trying to find some socks!!!! 
@katiecamie I read that as Burberry scone and I was jealous 
ddude what if i dont fit in my dress 
@drogue_couture I know all too well how that is. 
@Business_Barbie  the weather sucks here too. The Choo and Vuitton lovers are takin' a day off lol.
long torso means funky playsuits are a no go  but thanks to finicky fashion will probably be 'out' soon anywho 
wearing my favorit ftsk shirt signed by : @iamjonathancook @djknucklehead @marcftsk @austinbello  sadly the signatures are fading 
@JonnyClean yo! i cant find the sweatshirts on you site  what goes one?
Never wait too late to go prom dress shoppn! 
@surfeeatsbabies  i like my hat
packing  too many clothes and not enought room
@paigeeybby my mom makes me fold AND put the clothes in the drawers. 
i wanna go to the interview wearing my graphic tee and hat and coool denim jacket  but hey, wanting to be a ... http://plurk.com/p/rme4w
went shopping today at pac sun! got 2 shirts and at nordstoms I got a hoodie, and a shirt :]    but I still need shoes 
I think that cleaning my closet/underwear drawer would take a lot less time if i weren't so obsessive about color coordination!!! 
@tonesa that's true, all the jeans look like capri's 
@echolikebells imy, little missy. Jsyk 
@meli_smalls at least your thighs don't rub everyday like mine 
getting dressed. I was going to wear my new shorts and my new shirt. But of course, it's raining 
@miajustesen aww...  would like to see you in your new shorts and shirt. 
@biancajade_ from pompidou, they are only $90... i got 2 pairs i was in need of some new jeans... i wont be here for your bbq  xx
A pair of Crocs, 3 shirts (same style, diff colours, 14 US each), bag organisers (big and small). I tried my best not to spend. I tried! 
found her sunnies! but now ive lost my headphones 
My decision to wear jeans and top was a mistake though! It was a much fancier party than I'd imagined - lots of wedding style dresses etc 
From sandals and skirts back to warmer, waterproof clothing. 
@beatbutcha  i dont have wellies 
I need to buy new shorts. I only has one pair and they have a hole in them 
WARNING: do NOT was your uggs in the washing machine THEN dry them. a) they shrink. b) the insoles fall out 
@faceofboe sigh, i'm still at the optimistic stage of hoping to fit back into clothes i haven't worn since pre-pregnancy 
i lost my converse sneakers 
prom dress shopping in the rain eww. jeans soaked 
Surrounded by men in leathers 
@Pmelks did you ever end up finishing it? and p.s. you're wearing my shoes  we really need to note who's is who's loll.
@gill_x what r u on about missy, i didnt see u there  did u dress up at all?
@IDAssets I need to be more careful with my tags   Over 3000 in delicious, but not all of them are organised sanely  (as I've discovered)
Barefooted. Sandals broke. I feel homeless. 
@cece_newnew no put a shirt on 
OH &amp; my hustler shirt finally came in !! yay !!  but damn it is windy  k.nightHUSTLERS&lt;3
@BeckyFOD I went to two different justices and they didnt have tshirts posters, or buttons. I was so dissapointed lol 
http://twitpic.com/4w9yr - The remains of my dress.. They tore it up 
i need a new dress pronto 
 I dont like strapless bras either.
@FUHRANK This biiiiiiiitch. That means I have to put clothes back on 
@nicholasbraun Some dude in steel toed boots &quot;accidently&quot; stepped on me. It didn't help that he was 6'2 and weighted about 250 pounds 
just found a hole in my sock. motherfuck. 
I`ve been having fashion classes with a friend of mine.Sshe is a great stylist. And looking at my closet, I think I have to go shop 
is done changing his clothes. And now he couldn't be able to sleep anymore. 
The rain soaked my antique lace collar and cuffs and then they disintegrated into nothingness. 
I'm super duper weeet !! attending a birthday party with wet tees,wet jeans, wet heels, and wet hair!! 
My earrings broke. Now, I need new pearl earrings. 
@DontEverThink I think gloves and mittens are quite challenging lol 
is washing clothes. Boring 
all my underwear and my new pair of shorts have gone missing and it all gets mixed up. i just want my new white shorts. 
is going to bed...alone..damn I hate wakin' up with my clothes on   
@djmoonlight Yay! I dont have one  lol All of my clothes go in draws... I dont have many and I need a place for my high heel shoes 
trying to sort through clothes... losing the oomph though 
&amp; now my kettle is broken.. . boiling kettle the old fashion wayyyy 
@areyoumee omggg same. i want a leather jacket 
Is sat around bored looking at expensive clothes online that i can't afford to buy 
Dreaming that I can't find a matching outfit when I'm late for whatever is horrible 
@missmanara fuck it m8 I'm getting some, you don't know what it's like to have booty genes but no booty in your jeans 
just got back home from a party. Wearing heels + walking a lot = v. v. painful feet 
@alexismmitchell dang, I accidentally unfollowed u and now can't add u back cause I'm on mobile.. Ugg ill do it later though!! 
Walking around outside barefoot because kody stole my shoes 
@fourstar valuable screen space taken up by men in short shorts? that could be used for even more geeky statistics 
I miss my darwin pants 
getting fed up of shoe shopping and beginning to think there isn't such a thing as a perfect pair of shoes to go with my best man's dress 
i wonder what that cute outfit is going to be...time to raid my closet. sigh. in two minutes my floor is going to be covered in clothes 
my black suede boots are finally ripping. 4 years and running come on boots!! 
Doubleyouteaeff, I founddd the cutest shorts. Dads buying me them for ohio, hopefully they match, doubt they will.  but still!
can't do 7 feathers tomorrow. 
I hate sandals. 
@_pants when do you get more texts 
@anulaxmi lookin at clothes online. i need a completely new wardrobe. 
sigh. all of @mmitchelldaviss' t-shirts are sold out in smalls. 
i want my bracelet back!!! 
will miss mittens too 
no sleeeeeeeeep ! need to go buy some boots / clothes. feeling too lazy to do it  / hates arguing with boyfy / TIRED.
@L_Dsquared now you hate it? it's too late now dory  i've been dreading since forevrrrrrrr
i wish my spiderman shirt still glowed in the dark! 
@trvsbrkr i want that t-shirt trv$. i live in argentina, how i can get one? 
@cibu17 ahaha. i have a medium cibu shirt that dallas gave me. it's too big for me. i'm tiny.  lol
I was asleep until like 2 and now I don't wanna get changed out of PJs 
@hbgirlj9 we all will miss the big fur ball 
putting on my comfy sweater rug and passing out. today was perfect except for the loss of my bowl 
@emmao414 nooooo  they do have some stellar footwear right now
@pj_endrinal do you know where i can buy a quest shirt online? 
my watch strap pulled a thread and now the knit is unraveling 
@oconel *grins* Am wearing new shirt and managed to get stain on it right away *sad* It's not a big one, but I know it's there 
Really should stop torturing myself by looking at pretty corsets I can't afford. 
@developit i &lt;3 my jeans too - just wished my fat arse would fit into them atm 
Sadly, mr miller did not dress up as austin powers 
stepped in kitty puke  at least i was wearing socks
somehow my goggles are gone. 2nd pair in 3 month...  Shoould wear therm always round my neck... :d
trying to work out if it is more socially acceptable to walk over to canteen in dress/boots or joggers/boots. no clean jeans 
Wow do I hate finding jeans that fit correctly. If only I was skinner 
It's an awesome start to the day when you snag (&amp; tear a hole in) the sleeve of your leather jacket. 
i hate wearing my retainers  i'd rather have my braces back. :|
wishing I had access to my complete shoe wardrobe 
Has a hole in my fairly new socks. Feeling my toe poking thru it 
@insertcotku I have no clothes 
jeez I'm bummed, my favorite old pajamas are ripping because the fabric is so old 
@sweatshirt it's saying error 
crap! i just spilled red slurpee on the neck of my white shirt. guess its a yardwork shirt now 
i really am upset about the bracelet btw  i really loved it. r.i.p beautiful green bracelet.
i just got shoe slapped. 
my jeans won't fit me for much longer 
getting ready to go out. but the top i was going tp wear is in the wash 
@sammycocochanel aww crap they dont have episode 4 on utube  jeans, hoodie and the shoes i wor friday. lol and my skarf and beanie. wbu ?
hey hey tweeterville how is everyone?? weathers pretty pants 
I stained my favourite tshirt! 
I want to not hate trying on clothes anymore 
 where does time disappear to? does it get sent to a factory where they spindle it to make cotton singlets?
Gardening done, my toes really hurt after spending an hour in wellies 4 sizes smaller than me 
I can't sleep  what's wrong with me I need rest half yearlies tmrw FCUK http://twitpic.com/5cwk3
I miss the team of sexy rowers in their tight tshirts 
@amandasunly haha not fair!!i want to get a pair of nude heels still 
@cassettetapes shart. i need bobby pins and nsn shirt. 
@_Trystianity_ No tags.   But I will never again be big enough to wear them. ;)
@i_rock_it plus i wanted to buy a sexy dress  and get all dolled up.
Leaving jersey 
its cold again, and i seem to have misplaced my blanket. 
packing my life up in boxes  But my wedding dress is in!
I know it's too soon ... but i miss scrubs already  #scrubs
my mommy made me take off my shoes 
found his missing jeans but has now lost a hoodie  also found a shirt he didnt even know was missing.
@tams77 really?  is it annoying? 
I love those kimono booties. SO easy to make, too. @ClothCoutureLLC I made a couple pairs for @xjennyo's little one-no time for a blanket 
@failuretothemax I can't have those with my braces 
love the new bag my sister got me for graduation, but it failed the be-my-new-laptop-bag test: snagged my stockings 
off dress shopping 
I REALLY need to wash these shoes....they're starting to smell pretty bad. 
@argyle_socks hahahaa... i'm thinking arby's 
my beautiful lei is dying 
@candicekei he wont give them to me.  i should wear a helmet.lol
huhuhuhu...jam tanganku sobek talinya  DKNY, would you be kind to replace it?? hiks..hiksss...
totally overpacked and can't zip my suitcase 
@allycraig aww  a hat?? ha
I want Superdry Sneakers 
Oh come on..I know its sunny and whatever, but who the hell wears pink trainers, green dress and a burgandy hat...not impressed at all 
finally catching up on all the scrubs i haven't been watching... it'll be so weird without J.D 
@jeorgina My tutor doesn't pull up her skirt properly 
@Skinbro not too shabby, broke my bracelet though 
Trying to break in a new pair of shoes. It hurts 
I just ate a grape and i jizzed in my pants 
(@babygirl1338) I just ate a grape and i jizzed in my pants 
loving my new ksubi dress but feeling guilty over the price tag 
Why arent my clothes here yet 
@alexandrakeech It's the only beanie I can get  It's not a very good substitute
@gnomeangel   comfy clothes 
@lucy_r wants me to login 
Five paintings, five jade carvings, a silk blanket, designer clothes, gifts and a tea set later I'm out of money  I want another blanket.
Though i'm thinkin now that i should have brought another jacket 
has too many clothes but it dosen't count if half of them don't fit  not even mentioning the shoes... imelda
got my braces! 
@nanoraptor I now have a freshly washed load of black clothes, with white spots  GRRRRRRR
I guess the dryer didn't get my pants totally dry. oh well, I have to wear them 
change of plans, too cold for a dress  pants suck!
@brigittepicot how'd you spoil the dress? 
@aussiefrenchie If you tell me you are leaving I will be forced to punch you with my brand new knuckle dusters http://twitpic.com/5f85z 
You know when you're going to be sad when a certain pair of shoes wear out, that they were good shoes 
@ThogoriwithaT We'll soon be tearing into said books to make shoes and clothes  Now to find the time to read all of them
@ThogoriwithaT We'll soon be tearing said books to make shoes and clothes  Now to find the time to read all of them.
I never found out if my hat was on straight... 
I should have checked the Shirt of the day before I left for work!  How great is this? http://shirt.woot.com/  To bad it's sold out.  
I think I puked on these pants before and forgot to wash them. 
@lmaobrbson heyyy i own a pair of ripped jeans, well just the knee is ripped 
Why are my feet ALWAYS so cold  even with 2 pairs of socks on!!
has just sorted out loads of clothes that are too small for lewis 
@ItsJinx as much as i love tight jeans, i'm not going down the lycra/spandex route just yet, my legs aren't in good enough shape! 
my root canal anesthetic has now completely worn off ouch ouch ouch  
and I'm back on the grid....without a hawks shirt yet 
argh!! i just got my packed from h&amp;m, got a black cardigan, they send me the wrong one &amp; and the sleeves were sewn on wrong! 
i want to go to tescos in my pjs  .
noooo they cut Holly, well well, i finally found where to buy her skater socks anyway, i only have a b/w pair and theyre worn out 
@cornflakesss  sooo....are you wearing jeans??
I'm going to buy shoes  Why can't someone else do that for me?
@fionamccarthy aw I like the dress  can you get it in a smaller size?
@kaequan as much as I dislike those pants, I feel bad for you  I hope the paint can come out!
I have jam pants 
@laurali_93 i'm so full. LOL. my braces ... 
boohoo, my new Nike trainers don't fit. That's the 12.5 and 13 that are too narrow. I love new Nike IDs but these are going back again 
@belladaisy11 no clothes dryer then? 
@xbllygbsn lol ;) i like ma room clean? lol :$. ayee ;). nothing  looking for sites like ASOS and Boohoo . oo sounds good ;)
i saw pretty dresses, jeans, t shirts and shoes... but didn't buy anything 
I just spilt some water on my jeans.  http://twitgoo.com/78sn
my mum just bought these Converse... I want them 
so many shoes, I want them all. 
my clothes are still not dry 
got bleach all over my trousers, noooooooooo 
my zippers always down 
very cold night, freezing....ugg boots are drenched  better buy new ones
putting away coats and sweaters...    I miss winter already..
@angelayee and it's even worse for females....i'm 6 feet with no shoes 
Running to af to steam some clothes i really need a new steamer of my own 
I hate cheap laundry soap.  I keep smelling sour clothes, and then it dawned on me:  The shirt I'm wearing was washed in the cheap stuff. 
@iAMAliceCullen_ ive done dresses i cant choose my dress and bridesmaides 
@gamerbabe360 oooooh, I like clothes shopping! It's just much less fun when it's shopping for work clothes 
has a new haircut. but my fringe is too short  gonna wear a paper bag until its grown out 
hmm....i could have chosen a better shirt &amp; different pants. and my hair could be 10x flatter &amp; i could have put more makeup on...! 
i saw jt on oprah today and i want his brand of jeans i want those jeans 
Out of clean clothes. Wearing one very dark brown argyle sock, 1 black christmas decorated nylonish sock, and some brown/tan canvas shoes 
@DonAtPoundCS I think my dryer only eats my fun socks. I used to have quite the stash; now I have 5 lonely single argyle socks.  not cool
@kknell and? how are the braces? *smile*... I also still have mine 
I hurt my ankle in my own house wearing flat shoes clumsy, retarded me. It hurts sooo bad I can't drive 
@SusanSweet thx, but they're all still in my closet  i can't seem to be able to get rid of them! i guess i have bad taste in shoes?
I am going to get dress coded for all of my clothing next year 
I hate getting sand in my shoes 
two pairs of shoes and two tops. funny how I always 'feel' the need to shop, yet I also 'feel' the guilt so badly after 
@jducey14 I agree. I've done nothing since Danskin and I feel pretty lousy  got to get moving again!
she was laughing 'cause the dress came down. how embarrassing 
funeral for my favorite jeans.  i need retail therapy!
@susan402 I wish sellers would offer full head to toe outfits, I have a bunch of outfits and no shoes. *sigh* 
is wishing they made clothes to fit a size 11 
@KatherineKoutur glad I am not the only one...I need to get in gear with cleaning   blah
My v-moda headphones have died. So sad 
the surgery i performed on my pants using staples isn't working. will i have to retire my favourite jeans? 
@special_noodles how is your knee? i went to see a bike at evans but it was pants 
@signedmissyoung I am sooo sad about it right now. I wish I had some socks and sneakers to cover it up 
@denimmafia I'm wearing white pants too...already have a spot on them 
@_designprincess I want to get down to about a 14/16. I bought some skates but urr i can't skate anymore 
@highheelznkickz I have no clue  I wish I had a skirt or a dress.
There's a hole in my second fav pair of jeans. 
It wasn't I got a pair only..low pair 
i waanna go mimi,,,but i need to waait for myyy clothes!!! 
does not want to work at abercrombie anymore 
another day with no Snuggie in my mailbox 
i will not eat anymore...baked ruffle chips--i don't even like ruffles 
Feels absolutely pants. 
@zomfgpiyasha if she saw me when i skipped she would've shot me. I think its cause your a smartie pants. i wish i was like you 
got to go to debs..got some good jeans and swimsuits but damn it..the only shirt i buy doesn't fit right 
is so high,forgot he left his bud in his pants.....is now digging through his washer to find it  lol
@AlyssaNoelleD me tooo!!! i love maxi dresses. we didn't have any luck finding any though 
@yetanotherband i almost that it was a snuggie she's wearing, but no. 
@JennycLiu yes I am! Unfortunately, I forgot to bring a jacket and it's rather cold 
the dryer shrunk my TDWP shirt  it barely fits...not happy...
I want these smalls earthquakes to stop 
@kheeyong my stockings is tearing off 
my shoes are giving me oweiisss 
@JustAliceCullen the mannequin 
BAHHHHHHHHHH got the wrong Fendi product code. nooooooooo 
@JessiJaeJoplin did you get them from california vintage? ahahah they have the BEST dresses, i want them but i dont have ebay 
twittascope is NOT rocking my socks - go away already!! 
@wolfofmibu   I need a wardrobe intervention
@bannersrus hemp cloth is marvelous but unfortunately no 
Ugg. Unpacking sucks 
Fixed my favourites. $180 and the heels fell off after 4 wears 
@MadamSalami i had to get the same sized jeans, i couldnt get my hips into the 14's 
@mgrpowers http://twitpic.com/1aida - snood 
leather shoes and bags are so hard to resist.. 
done washing our clothes.. i'm so tired.. 
wating for the next metal gear 
gutted - the handbag I wanted has been sold! 
It's supposed to be even hotter today than yesterday.  Wearing shorts to work.
just watched devil wears prada, and i want to live in new york city more than ever. why must i be so poor 
Really wants to buy new clothes 
i forgot to put my work clothes in the dryer  also, i love my new slippers!
I am dreading shopping for a swimsuit 
@halbpro what's wrong with dressing in fifties fashion? 
@LenaAlli i dont even know now lenaaa  when you going clothes show?
@KayPriceless u wack put a swimsuit on and regular pants at least 
left school just now. my new dress broke, the strap ripped off 
i finished packing and sorting out old clothes XD i have stomache ache though 
@charlimillions where r u i? Am wearing a black polkadot dress n green cardigan i cant find u 
my teeshirt is faaar too small for me but i like it too much to stop wearing it 
hates these khaki pants! project to do todayy 
my trousers are damp. 
been shoppin all day and got a headache (which i still have) i got 1 boyfriend style shirt and didnt find a new bracelet 2 wear 
@2TuffDC i dunno what i'm gonna do. i love my skinny jeans! 
why is it still raining?!  at least i have cute rainboots
specially when you're already burneded. wore mums shoes as well, and now im all blistered. it sucks balls.. 
I didn't find my dress 
I'm missing one of my diamond earrings. This makes me sad. 
I'm so hunrgy right now and these heels kill me I can hardly walk in them 
my brother is irritating. and not just bc he takes &amp; wears my clothes without asking. i want to punch him violently for shit he does. 
Its pouring and i have holes in my shoes 
Whoishonorsociety &lt;never wear your pajama pants to school  &gt;
researching ecologically friendly carrier bags... its not cheap to be eco friendly 
I want to get my braces removed sooo bad!!!! 
is still pretty depressed about losing her hello kitty necklace 
@scooterwastaken i think i have mine in hangers in the closet 
Mitchells pants fell down while he was getting gas. I missed it 
cheeks bakery just closed  crazy how williamsburg can support an infinite # of boutiques w/bad clothes and not one decent place 4 a scone
on lookbook craving everyones clothes  i want a pencil skirt so baddd, someone send me one
Why do I look so awesome in heels yet am so afraid of them? 
Just broke my favorite necklace  superglue?
I need new socks 
leather jackets=uncomfortable....not my thing 
@MilaXX don't go to logan square we're pretty sure the shirt isn't there  1 more philly local tmrw
The underwire in my bra is sticking out and poking me in the armpit 
I don't like my dress 
I ripped my favorite pair of jeans. 
why did I get airbrushed nude, if soon as i put my dress on it messed it up a little...eerrrr 
hoooome. new dress and earrings. couldn't get the shoes though  kindaaaa bummed.
@taswell could you give info about the shirts sizes?, i dont know to buy L or M 
@Irishise Shoes no longer a team member 
@Stacky6  why can't I have a turtleneck
@dmeeno i fancy some new cardigans and jeans. But money is like going towards festivals.  But i'll be drinking a lot of chai tea lattes.
@fashion_fille yeahh I will be posting my design drawing soon... no  garment making for know  but after !!
@nikkilynette, have fun for me  and btw are u wearing the shoes?
I forgot to put on deodorant...again...shut up @francefalcon! . . . I also forgot a jacket. I'm cold 
I mean... 81 degrees out + biking 5 miles in jeans = major swap butt 
Pissed. I got chocolate on my skirt.   *~CoRiEoGrApHy~*
Applebees, wet shorts  didn't bring a change of shorts
note to self: do not let teenage boys move furniture... foot thru an antique drawer of a wardrobe is not good 
@djmrillmatic i have no jacket and no umbrella and shoes on 
My pants smell funny 
@JustElle still working  Would rather be in your shoes!
@nachosauruz I so wanted that shirt 
@keepitguilly i wanted to wear my wool cap 
I can't get comfortable in my bulky blanket. I need a Snuggie 
@Tiffzeroseven the dress looks really good on her! I miss them 
debating if i like the new shirt i bought. i think i want the mickey one now 
Ugg, I still smell of chemicals I think 
Too hot to wear clothes 
havin a beer....husband stopped my creative flow! I am making an amythest bracelet, earrings and necklace and he didn't like the pearls 
i have forgotten all about my juicy couture bag 
@gab_iii I'm totally jealous of your hat and your shirt 
i'm taking my whips &amp; chains, handcuffs &amp; blindfolds, candles &amp; nipple clamps and going home!   
@KelsyC yes short taxi.. hubbs is puking in the potty and I'm laying in bed with panties and tshirt that's it 
While staring at my packed wardrobe,thinkin how to fit all these unpacked clothings frm the boxes in the wardrobe  @JGirawan is mean!
is cape  http://plurk.com/p/x4xre
cleaning out my wallet &amp; found a jambacard. i bet there's still enough left on it to get a razzmatazz 
would like my jacket back tonight  i miss it.
Snuggling with his hoodie does not suffice for having @shampoocell here in bed with me.  I miss my better half. bad.
@sugrmama lol... I'm in the process of trying to lose 10 lbs. for my bikini shoot.   I miss bread.  
My sour belts were better then T4... 
@VikkSyn ok well i guess it's better than spectaulars shorts unless you like them thangs too 
I tripped on my pajama bottoms and almost fell down the stairs trying to find my lens cap. 
Clothes Washing! 
Heading out for a cousin's birthday tonight. Some club, which means I can't wear shorts. I hate wearing jeans here 
@abrokenstarr where is my dress? 
I miss shopping!!!  but I shall NOT buy any piece of clothing until I'm back to my pre-pregnancy size.
@ThisStarChild just so you know clothes aren't my photographic medium :-O I am off to work soon as well  *hug*
I'm off to the shops to buy healthy low calorie food  And possibly a new bra. And to test my new sunglasses (yes I had a spree yesterday!)
@fezwrecker have fun, but be sure to come back or our feathers will be sad. 
going to look into having a tummy tuck...tired of looking at my muffin top when i wear cute jeans...its digusting 
In huge q at primark waiting to buy bikini and jammies  got fab new river island bag!
Why does my wet suit fit like the incredibles??  I feel so vulnerable wearing it 
@lawflylikepaper its not looking good, Layners   I don't think I can even wear a bra right now!
@WParenthetical I don't even bother trying boots on anymore 
says it's sad that I can't buy a pair of sneakers for less than $100 anymore  http://plurk.com/p/x7hgd
Ugg throat is sore! 
@HannahNewland currently heading for attractive t-shirt line to match strappy frock 
I want my jammies 
Washing clothes 
Just broke my bracelet 
lost my fav shirt to a sweaty loft party full of skaters and graf kids 
with all the clothes i fold daily, i should be a retail employee pro 
doh the shoes i bought were too big. having to send them back and get a size smaller 
ughhh they don't have my size shoe.....great 
i think this dress shows too much cleavage hm but i dunno what else to wear  what a predicament *sigh*
need new jacket 
is of new clothes... wardrobe upgrade. haaaaaaayyyyy...  http://plurk.com/p/x89f0
shoes!!!!  not too deep right?
Its coldddd! And I don't have a long sleeved white shirt or a work jacket. 
@ramdomthoughts no clothes, no iphone!!   got the boys sorted with school shoes etc  Really nice 2 meet u! really enjoyed our chat!x
can't watch rangers winning any longer  going to cheer myself up by trying on my new knickers &amp; extremely extremely pink dress.
i can't find my little black dress... 
ouch. my braces seriously hurt. i can hardly chew. 
Right, tried on every dress I own, pretty one is now too big  identified dress for livery / guild hall dinner and pretty one for funeral
steel craving those shoes! 
is mad about her new dress 
@BadGirlStreets even the boots I have 
argh! I've ruined my favourite formal shirt with an iron which had some dirt on it. I have backup shirt for tonight but not it's the same 
is sad that the Lanvin sneaks had a defect.  http://plurk.com/p/x90ds
i just had to throw away my fave pair of jeans.  this is a sad day. 
My girl wants me to start wearing t shirts to the gym instead of wife beaters...idk about all of that.. 
http://twitpic.com/69nte - This is a Bad Thing - tire worn down to the steel. 
@ConsigliereTen. LOL not my leg, but my pockets are. $40 to play + $25 per bag of paint balls 
i've just discovered a hole in one of my favorite hoodies  
I'm foldin' clothes 
If you drink hot coffee with your shirt off...be prepared to burn your chest 
I lost my chanel earrings 
@sharonaz3 omg her gold sandals!!!! what dress is she wearing?? is it yellow!? awwww!! 
@NickBayside do you know why merch are refusing to sell your wristbands/ dogtags, I really wanted those 
I just took out my spacers for good  decided real earrings for prom was a better idea...
Wardrobe malfunctions at the pool are no fun 
@bobbyhundreds you can't order the tribute to hardcore shirts online? 
I &lt;3 my dress but I need a new petti 
A woman at the wedding terminated my shoe with her heels. 
@ijustine I want ur necklace 
I think all the sweater vests at F21 are all extinct.  I can't find them anymore. 
@WestonsuperMum I dont watch corrie  I havent really got any thoughts on her but leather trousers is never a good luck LOL
This are my favorite underwear. They don't make them anymore.  http://twitpic.com/6a4f5
shower dress then work ugh.     soo not excited
Morning ride was awesome, but still could not find the jacket I wanted. 
@shoes_in_herts I'm struggling to decide, I need to try more to be sure but I think @taraaw is getting fed up 
The old guy tanning in a Speedo has made this park a little less adorable 
sulking because i can't find a dress that's nice and/or fits me.  woe is me.
wrong shoes 
I really want to just wear hoop shorts and a tshirt for the rest of the day. I reeeallly don't feel like dressing up 
@b_club still no shirt 
@soeajily too bad i can't see yo' hot new shoes 
Dammit! I forgot to throw my backpack in my trunk and now my deodorant is melted 
some of my fav socks now have huge blood stains on them 
Getting rid of clothes, handbags, and... Shoes. 
@itsmelissafoos oh no no, it's from the suit. I took the shirt off as soon as it got sunny 
I nearly got turned away from the pub due2 jogging bottoms  they let me in4being disabled though.
i just ripped one of my favorite shirts 
Why do some chicks come outside with scarfs and pajamas on?  it hurts my feelings.
@kate4eva no,wearing shorts 
found the perfect prom dress but i cant have it ..soooo unfair 
Boot season today. Going to utc/fashion to exchange jeans that are my size, unfortunately, I ended up not liking the fit  twit ya later.
I can't believe my mother just said I have too many skirts, is she crazy. She's like you can never say you don't have any clothes I don't 
listening to devil wears prada yet again..sunburn 
olive chewed and destroyed another pair of my shoes 
@IAmOrlando you sound like your liking jersey a little too much to me 
@HUFFPRGirl so they can bring it back up 15mins before the shoe starts 
It is extremelyhard finding cute dressy clothes for an 8 year old boy 
jus ruin 2 pairs of pants tryn to play fashion designer. 
I'm only wearing one sock, idr when I took the other off 
My pants keep falling down. 
I think we have a new gang in our area, teen boys walking around together in black pants &amp; yellow shirts that don't look athletic 
@peterfacinelli I can't believe they changed the green shirt kid.. he was awsome 
@regent_lord Lol scrunchies, that's a blast from the past. And no drool on the dress. 
@sew_cute me too 
hugging my pillows...gdnite 
@leovader is getting his junk all over my dress. 
@ClassicWayne  LOL I want a necklace tattoo but I can't get one 
boots are moulded... now to wait to use them 
my braces hurt 
pooey...i left my good sweat-shirt at the stadium 
@mitchelmusso come to new jersey again! i'm missing you when you're at six flags &amp; i'm really bummed about it! 
Concerts over.  but it was a-fkn-mazing X) And I got a shirt!! Yay!!!
Packing my bags..heading out..again  I'm sooooo tired!
no underwear to hide my enormous cock 
I need to start wearing my earplugs 
@sew_cute I can't get in 
Missed sneaker pimps. 
i miss wearing Ugg boots 
@manbag79 where is your group at 
@imtribute Hopefully figuring out where my shirt went  #hightimesisslow
Ugg boots don't salsa well 
not quite sure how some clothes go missing but it makes me sad 
Just got the $600 Dior glasses I have been wanting mmhmm. Right as I was paying for em someone walked in wanting to buy em.. I felt bad 
brrrr i wish i owned boots!  tonight is too cold to be going out 
Omgggg why did I not realize how hard it would be to pee from a jumpsuit?? 
@tracky_dacks I know but it still makes me upset when I see it 
misssing my shorts  , ahahah @kristendarbyshi, @xo4xo , @daleybirmingham ... do you guys have my shorts in your house !
needle got hooked on my shirt and fell out  crap.
my braces are killing me. 
Talking of bikini's @colinkelly I'm still gutted 
@Natashaax   laugh if you want but imma melt if I wear jeans so, yeeeah :')
@jolienguyen you told me my outfit looked good. 
@team_woolies What items will you be selling since I guess pic 'n' mix will no longer be available 
it pours sand from my shoes, and I'm thinking about you  i miss you @insomniatic_
is wearing the boyfriends shorts and t-shirt today. He took my jeans and bodywarmer away from me 
shorts are too biggggg 
i do not own summery clothes!     annoying.
@missy1994 What was it about? I didn't! 
http://twitpic.com/6butr - wearing socks in the sun - bad idea. ouch 
in bed all cuddled up to her hoodie 
@cyberchick09 haha I'm good...I'm washing clothes  lol
Finding the right long sleeved shirt that fits well without looking like a suman or a hanger is a difficult quest 
@eiks I also bought bandit socks from the 500 yen store. So comfy, cool design-I lost one  boo!
well fixing the dishes :3 ^^ i got some rash fro my new pants  stupid korea ._.'
oh god , i need 3million rupiah for buying that dress 
 ....in a shirt and panties. celulite
@bernicejayne I don't own any skirts either  and i only have 2 shorts.i more fail than you! haha
briefs and socks. and of course phoebe's hoodie by my side 
@dianemulholland I did  Not too sure what to make with the yarn. 2 pairs of socks, probably - but need good first pattern for my huge feet
i want a dogeared necklace so bad i might cry, i cantt affordd it, nooooottt faaaaaaaaaaaiiirrr 
@PandasVintage i wish i could fit into that black sequin dress.  i will be checking back!
I have lost my new shirt. I think I may have left it in the bag, and then threw the bag out when i filled it up with garbage. 
girls next to my fitting are complaining their boobs are too big for their clothes.. wow bitches, i WISH i had that problem 
have no sound for some reason    no whave to unpack all of my clothes.  How does three double wardrobes of clothing fit into two . . .
ohhhh what a morning.  sooo tired!  had to take the massaging gel inserts outta my shoes   they were making my shoes too cramped!
i don't have any pants that go with my blue dries van noten shirt... 
Kittyback is now playing with the chewed off rubber pieces of my shoe. At least he is happy. 
I wish my two favorite swimsuits weren't broken 
my parents attempted to do my laundry for me (again) &amp; made a mess of it (again!) my scarf is ruined, my tshirt discoloured.. so crushed 
Washing clothes 
Why does she have to hoover wheb i'm trying to watch scrubs? 
@mgeorgeson I don't often get hot under the collar, preferring to ignore most of what I don't like but this has really made me mad! 
I hope to someday have a son.  there r sooooo many cute little boys in here with their sandals and tractor shirts and gi-joes.
i lost my sock... 
@asupavillain I don't own any suhreal  except that shirt I stole from u back in like '07 but it's notmy size
will miss my shorts and barong shirt. 
My clothes are too big. 
It's hard to find THE little black dress 
&amp; my makeup bag 
i wish i was in new jersey with @thenewclean and @thetalkabout baahhhh 
My mom washed my iPhone earphones  try were inside my jacket
Oh dear, I forgot. I've also lost my dress-shirt. It was that good (nice shirt too  ). How I explain some of this stuff, I do not know.
@tarek i'm hoping that there's a learning curve...i still have 3 shirts and 3 skirts to go... 
 I just ran out of my favorite cologne...Who wants to buy me some more??
the tampon has been inserted :x. I got really lightheaded after doing it...  I think it's psychological.
Finished the preppy sign, but it's really bad 
@Reetesh Man I think I should really catch up on my writing too... but for some reason I also want to buy a new pair of jeans. Its winter 
Leaving ralphs fresh fare with plastic bags  I have never felt so guilty!!!
black (poo coloured school skirt) dress with the (ripped) tights underneath. fricking hell oh poo 
HAHA i got my shoes wet 
@skitzzo1 i think i tried to... once.. i nearly pissed my pants 
is sad. can't find my socks...  http://plurk.com/p/xhcph
@JoshGorfain the one that can't get into my favorite dress, thank you very much.  -nor most of my clothes.
i want the fred shirt!!!! 
@jgirl70 Aww octopus shirt! I wish I had gone 
@urbankova &quot;short pants&quot; in afrikaans (pants as in trousers)-i have a new blue pair that are great, prob shouldnt wear em to work though 
er, i think i have too many clothes 
@brittneeclark yeah I got a dog tag but I lost it!  It was abot 10 bucks and the shirts were about 20 I think. Not to much.
I removed the clothes I can no longer wear from my closet...here's all the hangers left: http://twitpic.com/6dff8 ...exercise starts now 
I removed the clothes I can no longer wear from my closet...here's all the hangers left: http://twitpic.com/6di4m ...exercise starts now 
argh ebay count down - I need this dress for my bridesmaid! stop out bidding me 
can't get out of bed!!!....comfy sheets...fluffy pillows...argh!!!  so much to do 
damn spaghetti oops!! this was my fave winter jacket   well work winter jacket neway...
i just noticed there is chocolate on my blankie 
@MzJill I totally feel you on that. I love the dress..the dirty converse kicks killed it 
@smosh when are you guys getting new spanglish shirts in for small your all out 
reaallyyy nervous about the keychains 
@woodpusher I miss your black &amp; grey stripped long sleeve shirt 
I wish I could get away with wearing my skirt without leggings to work 
my shoes gave me blisters. 
@polaroidcamera never look on that website. they have little butterflies and handbags 
I just found rainbow shoelaces in a drawer. Now if only I had rainbow sneakers to match! 
listening while shivering... so chilly in here...  forgot to wear my jacket.
@sgBEAT:bluepirate maybe.  but i don't have very nice cloth and i'm so lazy to go over to ct.
@missy_blurkit It's pouring outside here at bukit damansara 
on my way to danar hadi boutique. desperately need to find the kebaya 
folding my clothes, so boring 
My new shoes are killing me  love em' though. XD
I'm wondering what to wear today...  I sure wish I had my basket weave sandals! 
my headband is hurting me 
@davidrosam I got it from a new underwear! 
@davidrosam Got it from a new underwear. 
finally got the bikinis that i ordered online. damn yellow vintage bikini is too big on me. 
1 new outfit and a pair of shoes is allIfound  will have to go out again this week 
ugg, got to get up now 
I like the sun! I just don't like how I don't get to enjoy it! Twill be gone next week 
@GoodGameTV I didn't see him in a dress  I watched it online, the website uploaded it early
I'm wearin a dress for awards, and I don't wanna be the only one wearin one- 
I really didn't think I had this many pairs of shoes.... 
@LDNfashion no shorts here  have been cycling in shorts to the office then changing. 2 outfits better than 1
@Kehndae I was havin yogurt and it messd up my jeans!! I had 2 change!! 
Wtf its definitly so fucking cold my hoodies all stink of campfire 
i can`t fit into my jeans, jeans that i bought last september 
Arghh I'll need to wear a jacket going to work today so that I get on the bus for a half  got my uniform on under it. I'll be roasting! 
@Lolaskates I need to sell that dress - sympathise 
http://twitpic.com/6eav1 @itsmemorphious its freezing here in north jersey 
also, i am so sunburnt i'm questioning my ability to wear a bra to work today   or pants for that matter.
@jiggawhatjulie And I don't even like the hats like that! I'm sorry.  I wish I could've given it to you.
@felmarie That was below the belt.  I really don't like the humor. 
@the_eilan i forgot my dress. 
i really want @katyperry 's cardigan with the music notes on it 
and her ruined jacket 
I forgot to put on earrings....hate when I do that 
I broke my sandals and had to duct tape them together 
These shoes are killing me.. And no I'm NOT wearing high heels..just shoes that are -just- touching my toes 
it hurts to put clothes on! 
@meliiindaaa me neither  no socks
My backpack is going to break me. 
@thehypercube sad when the last fancy dress I bought was a wedding gown   looking forward to being sassy again...
my eyes are always so heavy im gettings bags. eye bags. 
Though, I did get tomato sauce on my trousers... 
So just had a fight with the copy machine and i have ink all over my shirt...and no change of clothes 
i was right about kstew wearing a dress but wrong about the shoes  lol
it is so cold out.. i have shorts and flipflops on.  aaahahhhh.
I'm sooo cold..got my scarf on 
I feel ugly  wearing pants thou !
@exalted719 @johnsancheznyc too late. he put his coveralls on 
All I want to do is buy a bomb ass pair of shoes but I am trying to be responsible and save my money! 
to wash clothes or not wash clothes...that is the question.  however, I do need some things to wear....so I guess I'll wash.  
@blockbangk nuttn much. folding clothes  u?
I want a cardigan 
@huma_rashid cereally, i give ye props for coming up with cute outfits under $100. i cannae do eet 
I love warm weather but I hate the shoes that go with it - all sandals, flip flops etc. give me blisters within 20 mins of putting on! 
i'm down to 3 pairs of pants that fit me. fuck, i need to lose weight. 
@hannahn11 and then when you go to work and your shoes prevent you from scratching... boo 
@WendyJuniper I haven't got a stitch to wear either 
just tried on a huge pair of pants at the mall...they were too small 
someone stole all my underwear but one pair 
the payment.  ohh well, at least u will be seeing me wearing more than one pair of jeans from now on. no longer just that blue number lol
@outty just on my clothes 
@kbriankelley I just recently picked up a pair of roller skate boots made from kangaroo leather. Haven't build the rest of the skate yet. 
@hsaxons I broke my bracelet  The bell hopped right off it
I desperatly need new sandals 
lost one of my favourite earrings 
I has an ice cap! Except..it's leaking all over my pants. And an office is not the place to wear no pants 
So right about now a sz 2 would be fitting perfectly in the stretchier jeans  oh well.
Why does no where have size 12 shoes 
Its cold and I don't have a jacket 
@hotpants4979 Do you have direcTV?  I saw that you can do that via them, but not for comcast (which I have) 
at orthadontist, got braces tightened. 
givin my small clothes away for those who are size 3-5 .... 
@jujoffer i really really wanted the ladybug, but the boots were too small. 
I really need to lose the ten pounds ive gained. I have no clothes that fit me right now 
my suitcases are too small. 
@pinksugacupcake oh no... why are you wearing a kitchen curtain pretending to be a dress? 
The wedding is only 19 days away.....still waiting for my dress to come in 
I will be wearing a muumuu to post op tomorrow since my abdomen is still too sore for pants 
@SeXXXyInTheCity i know  i want these shoes damn it.. @iamdiddy @mandellafella @ErOneH8zDerek all yall should pitch in 
it's to hot in my flat i'm sticking to my leather sofa 
@leahlustar I sorry but I do not sell the knit socks.  
@eilidhlive But they're not short shorts  And I don't think they'll look all that attractive on me anymore :L S'ppose they might though!
@NicoDPrimo I'm glad someone else enjoys themas much a I do!! Haha your gonna miss out on wed. Dress wise drink wise and good time wise 
@vuhnessuh i think the smartpunk one might be out of bracelets and posters 
Sadly i fell into the creek and wetted my boots, socks and pants  i hope they give me new pants and shoes
I wish I had flats and a jacket 
http://twitpic.com/6fjfn - selling my severely underused surfboard. 
The washer ate my pants 
Its cold downtown and I didn't bring a jacket  #fb
@alcarlton looks like I'll have the usual (1) suitcase full of shoes - sorry  and the other for clothes
My mannequin is too fat 
@jolynthegreat i know right i dont want my insomnia to come back  do you still want us to help you on ur paper dress?
going grad dress shopping.  ick 
http://twitpic.com/6fnbw - And a piece of my boots goes down for the count  skull zipper, you will be missed  and just replaced by a ...
Wondering if my Chanel sunglasses ever washed up onto the beach or if they are still lost at sea. 
Packing my suitcase 
tried 2 buy a pair of sneakers today. mission failed. too colorful, ugly, tacky, flamboyant models. there were a few good ones. all 4 men 
i just noticed my boots have a hole in the sole 
Target is no longer giving out free plastic bags...gives me an idea, I'll make some shopping bags!  Then remember, I have nowhere to sew 
My new cheap gladiator sandals are too big. 
Now you're blowing smoke, i think you're one big joke. You walk a mile in my shoes and then you'll tell me about singing the blues. 
@sarahxsmiles doodie pants, I don't see it 
i just spend 100$ at http://www.threadless.com/ 5$ tee are bad for the wallet 
@jessicalappen that is the worst! has happened to me before too, to one of my fave shirts. 
andi pants won't text me back! 
To the custom who stole my favorite jacket... I will find you... And I will hurt you 
@martinpribble I have cool t-shirts too  [sniffle]
is running out of leather 
curled up in blankets... I'm so cold! 
I woke up and one of my earrings was missin 
@jaceypants I don't have 5*  I just want an excuse to buy clothes LOL
humm, wish i had a white petticoat. it'll look terrible if the black one peeks out of the dress.. 
@bombazinedoll i was wearing jeans because i didn't wanna wear a dress while driving for 12+ hours! and i thought it would get chilly 
@GADBaby I have never tried bamboo inners.... hmmm I always wonder... but I just got a huge order of microfleece &amp; suede  #clothdiapers
Today I lost a Rayban.....its a very dark day in the hut 
ive given up on jeans... im strictly wearing sweats and leggings!! 
@krisroe No men in suits, unfortunately. 
@fictillius My wife thought that article hilarious: my underwear is largely holes connected by a few threads 
can't find her favourite pair of lovely, red shoes 
has been measured for the dreaded frock 
@mark_webster it's great. The wool trousers are especially breathable. 
i totally hate when i cant see the other half of my earrings. :'( i have lost lots of vintage earrings. 
1 new outfit and a pair of shoes is allIfound  will have to go out again this week 
So sunny so boardies so flipflops so... work 
@verrijzenis My dearest Rykiel! I can't believe you left without saying goodbye to me        when will you return?
still no bids on my ebay earrings... sad now. 
@jo_whit .....although toiletries/medcines in the same bag &amp; we had to do without (needed) painkillers etc ! 
@anyamarina do u still sell those unicorn tshirts? the women's was never on stock &amp; i just checked the shop, no more shirts up now 
It's just some new shoes.  boo microsoft
owh - the post just came, my new tshirts came, but no dress 
ruined my silk dress 
I bought a blazer today and some jacket haha, damn I still want the dress 
@xutraa  And where did you find those clothes?! I need some. 
Ugh i hate braces! They hurt like so bad. 
Trying to design a mug and a t shirt but creative juices are failing, not flowing 
@DaisyKary but I heard him yelling at you for all those pink socks.  He's such a diva.
@lydsbeautyrush I know  I try to sneakily wear them but they don't like me. I cant afford to buy white gld necklaces/rings/earrings grrr.
@suzit86 It's not just you hun, I am allergic to 'fake' jewellry too  I can just about get away with the earrings for a few hours though!
@Noleezy all I know is its too hot for an all black dress code and closed toe shoes 
Pahaha, I'm wearing my mom's old giant shades since I seemingly lost mine somewhere  Also, rocking 50s skirt and sandals.
coffee all over my pants, eyeliner all around my face, this is going to be a great morning!!!!! 
I cannot go to see my dolls  http://myloc.me/2m7G
@shadymint ugh, i know! it's bad enough seeing him in those shorts 
@victoriaaa_ those jeans are cool though. wear robyn's leather jacket, its absolutely ace! the screen for my phone is coming off 
I couldnt find a decent dress in topshop  still on the hunt
I feel so fat and ugly when i wear flat shoes 
I hate braces 
Why do linen trousers turn into clowne trousers half way through the day?? 
ouchhhhhhhhhhh the cuts on my heels from my shoes are SO soreee... 
... the shoes I wanted weren't in my size... and even online they don't have them in my size 
shouldn't have worn a push up bra, considering i now have two white patches on my chest 
back in jersey and terribly exhausted 
@Antof9 It's no good, the wisdom wore off with the anaesthetic. 
@Jennuhcide I'm so sry we'll tape it for u and buy u a shirt 
i want the clothes i ordered 
@GreasyFringe you've really let yourself go sweetie; special brew and stains on your jeans 
I retract those fashion tips... oops! 
@mugglecast too bad i dont have a t shirt  
@mari_delosreyes I spilled my drank on my shirt 
Ugg stuffy nose  it's raining outside   good day to stay home and read skin trade!
finishing the front of these shirts myself because kacy left.  
looking for board shorts. long, black/grey (to go w/ db uniform). tried a few places but might have to go kiddie sizes 
My favourite shorts ripped on me 
I hate when you wash a vintage dress and  it comes out fab except weird things happen to it, like the lining grows bigger 
I hate clothes shopping. It makes me feel like never eating again. 
I hope this aint all the hats 
Almost bought new shoes but they didn't have my funky size  To the internet!!!
my stockings have massive ladders in them. 
Just went into urban outfitters. Depressed. There are so many delightful clothes that I don't owwwnnnn 
The bananas made pajamas out of dried human skin flakes they collected... 
@MauraAnderson LOL my purse isn't that big. but it does fit in the tote or backpack nice and easy. i got the blue one. fingerprints 
@Toobit77 but I dnt have any daily earrings to wear. 
i encourage you to never buy a pair of rainbow sandals..they will tear up your feet like nobody's business 
@thesouthernstar - I've not many shoes to trade, they are not my currencies 
@danjello just checking....lol I can't find my brown tee shirt . I decided to go for the skirt but cant find the top 4 it 
Why didn't I bring a suitcase up? 
olive chews 3 more pair of shoes...very upset 
@SoupAirCool ud be my #1, I'd let you where any colour boots u want ;) sowwie u missed it  bigger better opportunities soon!!!
Ugh i can't find my white linen pants 
I wish I could wear jeans 
I'm less sad about losing the nearly-done sock than I am about not being able to make a full pair of socks out of the yarn I have left 
my clothes rack just fell over. 
T-Shirt is actually good, blame it on camera, picture not showing actual colors  http://post.ly/jfk
needs to buy a pair of rainy day shoes. I hate wet , saggy socks. 
@bluntmag they fucked up the princess by making it a proper stage so there's no stair anymore  but mosh shorts it is
Rebelling against the weather and went with Pumas instead Uggs today...not so clever 
 #betseyjohnson why are you doing this to me? This necklace is $150 rather than the usual $50-60 I want it  http://twitpic.com/6ioi8
jumpers are not fun to wear when you drink a lot  im going to invent jumpers with button up crotches, kind of like infant onesies.
immaa too poor foaa clothes  being so cheap.. buying clothes on sale for like $1O! needa save///
argh why do i have so many clothes that i love wearing ?? i have to now minimize it all for carry-on luggage 
@LondonDarling That dress is absolutely gorgeous ... love the print!  I'm hunting for a silk (long) wrap 4a wedding  then shoes ... hat ..
it doesn't help that we're supposed to wear clothes from the store but there's like nothing that fits me 
Just took my clothes out of the washer...all stained with bleach  my fav shirt was in there
Sunglasses or jacket this morning? It was dark and cold on the walk in. 
I've lost my jacket 
GAAAHHHHHH the white and black one is SUUPERRR cute!! but then i loooove my dress i have now too!  it's soo hard
@bngr aw u should have seen it. pulled my shoe off &amp; all my skin came with it. got compeed plasters on now hoping that helps &amp; shoes off! 
I knew i should have gone a size 7 these new jeans are starting to stretch already  Boots are still cool though.
i miss the dolls already 
@Gailporter was thinking that!  all other wedding dresses are very samey 
i just finished my polos   i can't reach the othe 18 rolls...  
R.I.P to my leather jacket...killed by idiot drycleaners....sorry jacket 
can't find a cool pair of shoes his size 
i've been wanting this nike t-shirt but it much more expensive than those other nike shirts 
In keeping with my healthy buzz I made a cup of pur'eh slimming tea. It smells like fish  But I'll drink it, I want skinnies for runway...
my teeeeeeetttthhhhhh!!! ah no more braces please i hate it 
French Connection does not serve my ass well, anymore, my jeans went baggy 
So Gucci gotta sale but the shoes for men are weak this season. 
@kricket_rc234 i think i'm going to buy the necklace OR the bracelet...i don't know yet which of the two, can't buy both!! 
got to pack my wardrobe later 
not waiting dermavones. don't have a dress, don't in to wear a dress... 
needs to buy clothes and albums. 
my shirt got glitter alllll over my office chair 
emmm.. shopping for wembley dress  then hospital.. 
Ahh I'm naked without my necklace 
It's been 3 weeks since I bought a pair of shoes... The girls in my closet are getting lonely 
The threadless sale got me  4 shirts!
$100 to get a outfit, I'm tired, and don't feel like going out 
fashion faux pas this morning... white socks w/ sandals. absentmindedly put on the sandals as i walked out the door 
@Martian68 i've had to put proper clothes on today as it isnt warm enough for my shorts anymore 
So so hot, football was not a good idea while stil wearing a giant beanie 
my t-shirt is still processing 
Ah great! It is now raining and I stupidly forgot to wear a coat or a cardi! 
The dusty old clothes are making me feel ill! To much dust on my chest! 
@mitchelmusso u need to come to new jersey more often 
is thinkin i should of called in cause im not in the mood to deal with customers bs today.. Ugg this crap seemd to be goin round my job 
grieving over a lovely dress I had to return because it revealed more than it should!!! 
@repressd I forgot a necklace today.  The ONE piece of jewelry that I always wear.
wallet will probably take a big hit this weekend. i usually don't go &quot;shopping&quot; but so many sales now. must stock up on dress pants 
@dreamgir1 I know, and now he can't put his boots on. 
That's not fair! I wan to wear my troupe shirt too!!! 
i didn't even notice. bought 2 shoes, 2 makeup items and 2 leggings yesterday. damage:115. 
@crystaljordan don't own flats  sigh. this is what comes from being a tom boy - i own a pair of 1inch heals and trainers/boots
@MClarissa I just wish my t-shirts would sell  ...
Sadly I am going to have to wear a different pair of shoes 
My dress, however, likes lattes AND jelly doughnuts. 
In the wardrobe! No... 
it is raining like woah! my pants are wet 
Needs to go shoe shopping bad. I need more heels! 
@ddlovato http://twitpic.com/6g3tt - woww! you're so thin.  and your skirt is so short...double   ... but you still looking gorgeous
@gu_heffner lol yeah I'm working on it but between the shoes and the matching outfits lol he gives me hugs and I crack  lol
there must be atleast a hundred t-shirts I want to buy..  its not cool.
@hazelrage I went outside in my shorts again and couldn't stay long 
women over fiftie shouldn't wear belly shirts 
@fallagain dammit! i like the dresses... but they're going to be too small for me. 
My socks are wet 
@KBalletto wow, that doll is really offensive 
got blister from new shoes...applying band aids 
Hey tweeople I'm here and drenched because I thought my umbrella was in my bag. 
@thebandfrom not digging the neckline too much 
@linneahall i want that shirt 
I want my braces off 
In need of a poncho due to crazy, sideways downpour. 
@ayasin What was the wardrobe malfunction? No, I didn't take out the seams in your underwear, that was someone else. 
@giannilee  i want a shirt
@parmajean; i'm currenly wearing shorts, but it's chilly and rainy 
http://twitpic.com/6oxv2 - Who wants a bracelet? It ended up too big and it was too late to change it 
i always thought i could make kingscot from my felted tweed knockoff (grignasco tango)... don't think it's the right gauge 
braces tighend 
7 Dresses down, and ready to start my daughters wedding dress, I was gonna start today but had to be tortured at the dentist 
So I'm washing my clothes!!  what a drag!!!
Even beyonce jeans dont fit me 
trying to figure out what matches with my dress 
@rai402 I should have gotten that jacket from gap 
@kaylahann haha thats funny...I always hated the clothes...cus my dad always made me wear jeans, a long sleeve top and no open toed shoes 
Ugg so0o bored jus keeps rainin 
And she laughs &amp; makes ME pay for my own as she's paying for her clothes and my sisters shoes. I had to put two outfits back. I'm broke! 
@TidyCat I know, right?! And I'm still needing a sweater and socks in bed 
Just realised i didnt pack pajamas  #fb
@detached_styles i only have a grey pair &amp; a tan pair. the grey pair throws off the look of the outfit, &amp; the tan is not the same style. 
dam mum making me change my shoes 
feeling so fat. I've gained 35 lbs, 2 pants sizes... 
@sweetland I will have to use my sleeve.. 
@MsPoku aawwww poku... U don love me anymore now that I'm gone?????  lol
@speakforme I know. We should go asap. like when we get back home I wanna buy jeans, too. But I'm too fat for jeans. 
I miss my fuzzy warm pants 
@MizzWorthy collar but no tag 
I really want the 'fairy dress' from Aritzia 
wanted to wash his clothes and bed sheet but the outdoor rack is full... 
@burdetth i went into express today and i didn't see my pants. where did my pants go? 
all my clothes are in f-ing chicago.... great.  
I ripped a hole in my new d-backs shirt. I guess it wasn't made very well, but it looked nice. 
I'm pretty teed the 'leave the light on' shirt isn't going to be re-stocked. 
i want some cropped tees!  wildfox &amp; topshop !!!
Aw. One of my favorite shirts got ruined in the wash 
there goes the new clothes i was planning on buying. 
Gucci sale sucks  boohooo my dream ferragamo flats were on sale but they don't have my size. I wish I had bigger feet 
@adecote - Do we have to pay for more than just the costumes? 
Just went to blockbuster alone, I managed to run into a wall AND	get my shirt caught on a candy rack... 
I'm exhausted but my damn ocd won't let me sleep til I rearrange my shoes 
quite fancy herself in heels. if only they dont bite 
Why haven't I gotten the new jeans I ordered yet?? I want to wear them tommorrow 
After 10 pairs of shoes shopping.. I m exhausted 
@wootshirt the last 4 shirts we've gotten have all had to get their tags cut out due to extreme itchyness.. maybe something to look into? 
@blacklittleheel Topshop has such pretty heels. but wayyyyyyyyyy too high. there's no way i'll have the opportunity to wear it 
@juicyjuleswei doesn't match my red shoes 
@JackAllTimeLow you must be more careful you could have been torn apart out there, or at least had your favorite shirt ripped off of you. 
it's sooo cold and all my warm clothing is being washed. sitting here freezing my ass off in only shorts and a tshirt.. this isn't funny 
Wow I really own pleather skinny pants. 
I will go buy clothes @Blazulka96 itoday on icq not to be 
I will go buy new dress  @Blazulka96 itoday on icq not to be 
@robsteadman I have waterproof, wellies n brolly to hand, suncream back in cupboard 
can't remember how to purl!  I really want to knit a scarf in that stitch!!
nearly got an escape the fate t-shirt.... neraly, 
gutted i can't wear my new pretty clothes    superman tee? batman? mcfly? gahh!
@saraswati81 ugh not even! but shitty weather changes, super windy days and every now and then, no coat/scarf when i had needed one 
now i'd only need to find some jeans 
@willowtree81 nooo... clothes no.... 
@caffeinebomb is it full of seriously orange tantasic fashion victims? 
What are these outfits???!!!! What have I gotten myself into 
I miss my bed and my pillows... 
chillaxin in the bed; watching him get dress 
scrubs just finished 
@umisk M&amp;S -same old stuff -don't really like their clothing line. But undies/food pretty good. Selction here not as good. Prices similar 
i miss our shirt. 
@NaughtySparkle I have all but the seamed stockings. 
BFF is going to buy her wedding dress today and can't go with her  I need to buy my bridesmaid dress as soon as I get back.
and I still have a sock to finish, start the second sock on another pair and finish my sweater. 
@danisays ha! I'm done and you aren't.  I feel weird without my bracelet 
@Marriland but shorts are comfy 
already got oatmeal all over her pants 
@MissDee203 I could have went with you guys to hooters I feel so left out... Ugg 
i don't even wear leather! 
R.I.P my Chanel bag. You will be missed 
so I bought a shirt the other day and found out that it could definitely be used in a wet t-shirt contest 
http://twitpic.com/6qtri - Yay success! And they'll not need turning up! no jeans though 
is going dress shopping 
i want chocolate but cant have too much coz i dont fit into my bridesmaid dress  lol
i cnt find my pants 
my bracelet from nick santino is breaking 
@AZLK That's sad  especially because the best hats are well worn &amp; loved &amp; have seen many games.
@jasminedesiree me too I hate wearing pants 
I miss my partner in crime @Chanel1205! 
@iFallMute  i bought some shorts.. now i feel silly!
2 pairs of pants, 3 tops, 4 pairs of socks and a blanket better keep me warm 
Bout to get dressed 4 the day...thinkin a cute dress and sandals...2 bad I'm dressing 4 work 
http://twitpic.com/6r2o1 - All Dressed . . . 
the high waisted pants i saw on top shop's website wasn't sent here 
is wearing gloves inside as she is so coldddd 
I want a hat 
Wish I had my duffel bag today...this shoulder bag is heavy 
i wish i enjoyed wearing dresses more 
@ShiningSamy Y did u have to stain my favorite jeans 
my new dress doesnt like me 
just got back from the townwide yardsale, found free shoes (japanese converse) that fit, and my mum wouldn't let me get them!!!! 
@JonDoll i know i am very sad about my shoe 
wow I have wayy too many clothes it took forever to clean my closet and dresser 
i have to wear a nice shirt for this thing.  and pants  shoot me now
@JessLuvsTay mee too!... and when peple wear flip flops and socks  blah
I hate socks- but I do have 1 fav pair that are cushiony and comfy and I can't find them.  
awshit. I still have a pile of clothes on my floor to fix  dammit
I'm at a skate rink and I don't have my jacket 
There goes my favorite hoodie and new wallet. And all it's contents. 
Ugh  sleepy and my shirt got jacked up..
note to self to never climb to the attic wearing a new white tee 
my underwear stock is over !!! doing some laundry 
@johnnybeane Looks like they like pussy better than doggie. But, Howies photo won't show on my screen a red x instead. 
@VtgRoseClothing so beautiful blouse, too bad it's not my size 
@KimKardashian i wish i had all ur clothes and handbags!!! 
I need new shoes badly 
bought awesome rock &amp; republic skinny jeans, then ate so much tuna and chocolate that I will not be able to fit into them. 
@4boys4now so the rules were they had to have on a white shirt and a diaper? how did he get disqualified? 
I wish I got the hook up from @ScotteVest  like @leolaporte does. i cant afford to buy it on my own  maybe when my financial aid comes in.
folding clothes! 
just ate fish and chips. I might have to start wearing a bra  maybe I'll borrow one from victor.
Just bought a really cute shirt. too bad the shorts were too much  oh well!
home...tired...many clothes - no shoes 
My disproportionately large neck is not fitting very well in this dress shirt  http://twitpic.com/6s1jc
At the camarillo outlets in ventura, bust the zip on my purse 
I am seeing alot of pleated khaki pants 
Unfortunately the new bra's I brought today aren't magic bra's 
@rstevens  I was very tempted to by a matching plush robot with my socks today, but alas, finances decided it was not to be.  
I just remembered, when this lady was staring at my shirt i just really wanted to give her a provocative look. I wish i would have. 
@heidichoi you wear short skirts, I wear t-shirts. 
Finally signed myself up to www.rucku.com unfortunately missed out on the signed Lions shirt 
wishing i still had my rollerblades  mama gave them away!
I need custom jeans, every store I go to has nothin but tight jeans, now thats sad 
@LeafyVC @GeorgeDvorsky lol, it's true. I do wonder why he was vomiting though.  And why he was wearing a tshirt. Worries me.
Still no shoes for the dress i'm gonna wear next month for the wedding 
@KrazyKyleStyle I punched you in the shoe 
just finished pags w/bfeldt. apparently i spilled sauce on my shirt. 
I can't fit into my old pants 
If you look up 'tanuki' on ebay, you find a lot of fur coats. 
Theres a hole in the pocket of my pirate pants. 
Another zipper in the zipper graveyard..  The zipper I bought earlier wasn't long enough.. time to go find one that will work better
you need to read this and bookmark that website. it is so hilarious i am still laughing. just wet my pants!!   kidding, but seriously!!!!l
fuuuuuck, i can't find my purse!!! 
just broke off the one of the posts of my favorite pair of earrings.  not repairable...
Note to self: weeding without gloves ruins the manicure 
The gowns r perfect. The only this that is imperfect about ytd's fitting is me. 
@javybot I should get a shirt w/that 
is shopping for designer clothes...ones she cant afford  so sad....
@de_360 sorry about your belt 
finally went shopping. spent $20; bought a top from papaya &amp; a bolero for grad. &amp; casual clothing. I wanted to buy fancy-looking sandals 
Misses her american apparel sweater 
Still finding burrs in my clothing 3 weeks after whitewater rafting. The spin cycle just embeds them more 
@grshane I would do the same....if I had the choice I would have my shoes match, but they never make them in fun colors 
And, no sign of my moonstone... looks like it's gone for good.   I did see some nice boots and a fabulous coat in the shops today though.
And, no sign of my moonstone... looks like it's gone for good.  I did see some nice boots and a fabulous coat though!
I want my blanket 
My step mother put dirty diapers in my clothing. 
And my pants make me feel like a cholo. 
my favorite shirt is missing along with heathers  it was the dlb look alike shirt T_T -sigh- maybe i'll find it randomly in a box -cries-
@CitizenFish I ordered this shirt, and then yelled at myself out loud for not getting you one  I promise I will in my next batch.
@regretlesspanda i could... but i don't know if i have any exciting yarn to play with.  and i'm kind of ashamed of how much i suck. 
@alandavies1 HP printers are pants... bloomers infact- granny pants. I have one- its just sat looking ominous in the corner 
is sad that i lost my favorite handbag and jacket at syrup on friday night 
i hurt my ankle  i think i twisted it. but idk how the hell i did it. maybe it cause i was wearing 3 pairs of socks yesterday...
@EileenMCastroMA I had a black hat, blank tank top, and denim capris. I'm so sorry we didn't get to meet  
My pink suitcase is too small for all my clothes so I have to use a the most acient and ugliest green one ever!  It dosent even have a
I'm sore.  damn 90 pound cement bags
i need clothes 
@jnavarre just because you don't like my purse 
i'm losing my clothes, first my black pants, and now i can't find my dickies jacket 
I sew fat T_T I should just shoot myself cause I can't fit into any dresses 
Just woken up, got to sort my clothes into what I'm taking abroad and what I'm leaving  #boring
a) reason #476 that I hate safeway: they only had men's athletic insoles &amp; women's dress shoe inserts. no arch support for me. 
Topshop, why do you tempt me so? 
i hate that i cant take all my clothes to london! 
My poor brother is now trying to dry his shirt with a beer towel! We're both freezing cold  now   http://twitpic.com/6tnnx
@Glasgowlassy I know  wrong pants to wear to go running pmsl @violetscruk #chaffedpussy
And my jeans are covered in green paint!  Aww well, meh to that
I've lost my addidas trainers, my favourite pair too! 
need to do C4  but so tired. so so so tired. and just thinking about those comfy sheets makes me wanna sleep.
@cheryldsouza Wearing retainer makes teeth hurty. 
In the laundrette. I have too many clothes. Depressing thing is I have to iron 2 dozen t-shirts later 
Again, i'm about to pee in my pants. 
(@ashleeflakes) Again, i'm about to pee in my pants. 
So far I have made 8 t-shirts..but now i've run out of transfer paper 
Why does play.com have NO fucking T-shirts in stock that are my size!?!?!? 
@zombra that makes me wanna buy a pair 
i can't find my other shoe 
in town. still haven't managed to get new shoes or jeans 
does anyone know where my leather jacket is... 
idk wat to wear... half my clothes r still in boxes 
Any hints and tips for the removal of chewing gum from jeans would be appreciated... the freezer didn't work 
hopes she can fit into her bridesmaid's dress...cuz her pants are feeling a little tight.  
tired of wearing pants  pantsless tuesdays can't come fast enough
ouch  my body is hurting so much! i got orange shorts and a baby bluee sweatshirt though 
i wanted to cry. the dress was so prettty 
my blisters from wearing birkenstocks have turned swollen  *ouch* wear expensive slipper also can get blister -___-
braces hurt.. 
Not shorts and t.shirt weather in the chi 
@sarramanning No, it all stay stacked in my wardrobe 
@tenjoy @Tennei I have vajayjay juice on my shirt that doesn't belong to me  she was abusive!
I dont like how the gowns block off the pockets 
currently trying to declutter my wardrobe. had to clear out my shoes yesterday.... lets just say it was very emotional! 
@keltiecolleen i want your dior sunnies  where did you find them?
oh crap tried a dress and the zipper's stuck. no salesperson to help. pretty sandals cost 50quid; no more money  maybe before i go
It's gorgeous out and my cotton pants are too big for me 
@regalclothing what a really cool t-shirt! i want to buy it, but i'm not 18! 
@maybeedeluxe Just a jacket potato... It's taking forever 
I needz a shoe&amp;hat&amp;jewelry rack, badly 
I am trying to break in a new pay of shoes i bought by wearing them around the house...wish i didn't have flat/wide feet, ugh 
on hot days i like to just walk around my house in my underwear... my favorite. haha fuck pants! now i have to go to work 
Washing Franks cloths 
@professorgreen paahahahahhaha! But my spidey-gloves are at the dry cleaners 
@b_club would like to, but sorry, not 'till i get my shirt that was ordered 2 months ago  i know you've had probs, but hey.....? xx
// dude, i didn't get a graduation dress.  but i did get new skinny jeans and a kick ass belts. 
@RachelHawley well knowing how you spread the T-shirt love makes me feel worse when @garyshort and @olivers refused to give me one 
Really, really sad...had to leave my friend.  I shoulda worn waterproof mascara.   
@caitlingray It's from Topshop right? It's not on the website anymore 
@jezharvey Been there, done that, didn't get a t-shirt 
What sucks is I'm in my swimsuit, romper over it, and sunscreen all over my face and body. 
@argyle_socks what happened??? 
@dragonsinger57 At least it's winter with you, summer here and it's 11 outside, so the woolies are back on plus the fire 
wishing i was wearing a bikini instead of a sweater. this doesn't feel like summer 
I have just discovered that I am NOT too sexy for my shirt. 
Noooooooooo kate should have won yasmina was pants  x
http://twitpic.com/6uvfc - pic of the day: I spilled hot sauce on my sweater 
i just tweeted in my pants 
I feel naked without my belt. 
I wish I had hired help to wash these clothes and clean my dresser (as I lie in laziness across the bed.) One load down; five to go. 
All my clothes are too big. 
@lastmemoirs http://www.wesc.com/#clothes_overview/category/headphones look at those. how qt are those? 
@lastmemoirs so what i like clothes. you don't need to make fun of me like he did.  haha. and their clothes are so qt too! (:
am cursing the running socks bought at costco. blisters everywhere. 
#lostandfound Lost my Chanel Sunglasses  REWARD offered (marina / cow hollow): I lost my Chanel s.. http://chilp.it/?a4dcbd
still need to get my shoes for the dance 
I wish i had navy&amp;white sneakers 
i have to pee so badly. i think if i don't get up within 30 seconds, i'm going to have to change my underwear. 
How many shirts is too many? I've just counted 34, which appears to be 3 too many. Only have 31 hangers for shirts 
@sedentarymonkey I never use my pda, the one they gave me was pants 
Watching my clothes &lt;/3  XD
i know @hegothisown better put me one of those new plaid shirts that abercrombie got aside please  lol
It was nothin, this shoe never fails to dissapoint 
got up and go on my pants 
@wvan hey, u forgot to pack me in your suitcase 
@Akelee yesss sometimes I wish that we didnt have to wear clothes...but I do have to think realistically  lol
wishing i had a pair of sweet clogs... 
Really annoyed with myself because I lost a pair of my mokume gane sphere/spiral earrings (think I threw them away by accident). 
@elliejaxx I miss youu and your traitor scarf 
is miffed... the jeans i bought just ripped 
@heyyykt at least you didn't have to worry about wardrobe malfunctions like with us. 
@lyzav maan finding dresses are hard! The one I wanted was sold out 
ughhhhh my sweets is really leaving tmw for boot camp. 
Ugg... finally got a #HansensSD shot uploaded to the www.HansensLovesSanDiego.com photo contest but it's not showing  
im missing a dress...i hope i didn't put it in the give away pile 
i still want my tie dyed shirt 
@Tajtiademi her cast are off. she has boots now (she barely wears them). chace lost 
@Relly86  Guys are all d-bags.
shooot, we need to pull up our magic socks.  lewis is raw though.
@shandi_archie i bought a plaid shirt yesterday! XD it's blue.. i'll upload the pic..pretty soon.... haha but it's not from Topman. 
@russiaandsuch yesssss i've done that before! except i went into old navy wearing a pair of gap jeans... fail. 
Dammit, lost my good @MacbethAust Shirt 
i have to go to work and my clothing is still all damp  i hate it when that happens
Throwing my shoes in the wash. I hope they don't disintegrate. 
@iLuvLinkinPark I do, cuz that 500 is only for clothes 
noodles +work shirt =splatter [  ]
I need to buy new shoes. I miss that rush 
my braces like killing me,its really pain,i can't even eat poor me 
tummy acting up as if i'm wearing tight pants or too tight undies. BUT I'M NOT! blergh 
@allison0528 LOL - never bought anything there...so I got a mug, tote bag, a few shirts...they still don't have any 2009 shirts yet 
I think shorts n t-shirt 2day but wish i hav sum neons. But i dont hav ne! 
@GullyFresh yep suitcase number 3  still gotta pack my shoes...my vintage clothes....my undies and all my hair stuff....
@deeeelasoul i wish we had them here in jersey but we dont 
@rustyironfist hell no. but i don't get to get a cute dress i might be able to wear again. mine has to be floor length and with jacket. 
I wish I had a lookbook 
whoaaaaaaa i need to find some clothes 
@so_zwitschert @kinkpink me neither      I have to wear low cut boots
@nandiaramos I can't  It's too hot. I'm sat here wearing the shortest shorts I own and a vest top and I think I'm dying.
i had some soup and spilt some on my pants 
@revolver_ What kind of shoes?  Being male is nice, we have... two pairs of shoes. Three if we need flip-flops.
is sad that scrubs has come to end 
doesnt like her uniform 
The old lady on the bus has clothes full of holes and I'm tweeting about console games  I feel sad 
changing to my stupid uniform 
@floralsex y the mask so cute 
@ChrisCuomo not a big fan of your shirt/tie combo- just doesn't look right on TV. 
'i don't normally wear a collar..'  'you should, you beast!' i hate glenn  haha
@SbmBest1 ME TOO!! i might not be able to go anymore  But if you go, you have to buy me t-shirts!!
@sjerliveclare you're not alone. i can't breathe with my mask on. 
thinking of changing my pants dont know which to wear  skinny jeans or tna ?!?
 too bad. So what have you got up your sleeve?
my braces hurt. 
@MangoFactory i'm so sorry (i have trousers &amp;c hanging from every place clothing can be hung in here, all dripping away).  how was it?
gutterdom...I have lost my favourite sock 
@SophBrassington i miss it too  i have your shoes still...i'll keep them safe for you and get them to you..well, whenever you want (Y)
@hannahbellem @urbanreform Sadly we did not - the rubber chicken hung us up.  It was a very close contest though. No free t-shirt for us 
...my favorite cardigan, sunglasses and a very expensive handbag that is probably at the bottom of the canal by now 
Trying on clothes 
I want a Dirndl 
@pyro4christ  no shorts.
tired, in PJs and hiding under my comfy blanky in front of telly  .  I'm truly showing my age now ;).
is muffin-topping over my jeans! 
I've had to decommission my favourite pair of jeans due to a tear in a most unfortunate location 
@MissChriis about the dolls 'cause i can see them now and i miss everthing  . i love you bye
@alexandra_42 I need money for clothes. Specially unas cowboy boots que acabo de encontrar online. I need them. I'm a compulsive shopper 
i'm really sad that my shoes still haven't come 
boring hanging clothes up!!! 
@thisgoodlife Ugg that sucks.  I wonder why the second child is so much harder than the first?
I have a blister the new shoes I got, were too big 
@kimabbott hahaha I don't have a backpack  I've checked and rechecked my bag ahh how exciting!
please tell me how to get a black tire/chalk stain out of white pants.  suggestions please! 
Whoever designed scrubs can lick my balls. I feel like a little kid swimming in grown ups clothes. 
Just took care of some laundry, I'm wearing bikinis today cause I ran out of clean undies. I'm so not housewife material. 
@AshFR aww  I swear those ghostbusters shirts are the only thing I like from Bape recently.
@JMcColgan i was trying to google to see the dress vanessa wore last night and stumbled upon that 
Not sure I like my outfit for royal ascot anymore! 
i am missing my moccasins! 
@aboogy117 its actually pouring where I'm at and I have sandals on 
My lanyard didn't come yet 
Going to get my necklace fixed 
My pants are too tight &amp; my zipper broke on my new pants. 
@davidbruce sadly no trackie bottoms, bland jeans 
@deewoz I want a new purse too 
Ugg...need to use restroom, but not allowed out of my room. 
can't find the suspenders anywhere  I'll keep searching... needing to be entertained
I need to get this ass to the gym....designer jeans are starting not to fit again 
@sammy_sunshine I would help you with your shoe booth thread, but I don't haz any shoes. 
ouch. just had my braces tightened 
@penguinosrule aw poor you  , I hope it doesnt hurt to eat or anythin. i hate having my braces tightened haha
i really hate wearing suits, i ran out of oatmeal cookies 
I pooped my pants  
My favorite slider shorts are gone 
@priscillacita ok but still sad when I hang a pair of jeans on closet door as reminder to lose 10 pds because I *used* to love wearing em 
leave me alone for a little while maybye i should pack my bags and leave 
@pastorclinton Right now, I only have seersucker trousers. 
super cute outfit I've been looking for shorts like these but I can't find the perfect ones  http://lookbook.nu/look/168111
@KTCupcake00  that's so not cool. Only 15 minutes left doll!
I love hoodies, but they're not what i'm looking for 
Just spilled bleach down the front of one of my favorite shirts... 
found some very nice ones, but i discovered how extensive amazon's jewelery section is..i can't even afford the earrings that i want 
needs to shed some weight, dress feels tight!  http://plurk.com/p/117d3b
@dmcordell for now I'm supposed to keep it in my flat, hard soled lace up boots ... scrunch .. it fit better yesterday 
@coachreggie - hey, i think i see a pair of my shoes in that pile! 
Stressed over marching band, finals, and life! UGG! 
this 90% humidity everyday is pretty muffed. i wish we could wear sandals to work 
@CollinQuick But my parents got it for me to wear to work  I can't wear PJs to work.
got my boots &amp; flats but are too big  darn it. i was so excited.
Washing clothes 
I would give up sex and head for the rest of my life to have Proenza Schouler and Rodarte permanently design my wardrobe 
@blonddie38@beth_warren I do the belt thing and have a collection if really cool belt buckles. They don't seem to help. 
@MissKika  I'm trying to find your Keds online but I can't   It makes me sad.
I might have a problem...the rod in my closet that holds all my clothes just broke. 
@_pants_ docs and jeans don't go? nobody told me... 
I must be getting old...I can't handle these high heels everyday like I use to 
saw a whippet at the shop who was also wearing a jacket but her's was really thin so she was cold and looked sad. 
I need new shoes 
bought cute underwear and have no one to share with 
these high heels make me cry 
only found one pair of corduroy pants, that were black  I need more colors...
@OneCraftyMumma I really want to get this sock finished! It's taking me aaasages 
waiting for my new loli dress 
@_missmaggie I can't believe you have a team jacob shirt. he's so annoying 
belly pushing against jeans - only three months and I already have to consider maternity clothes boohoo 
WHAT.THE.FCUK. Failbook, is making me mad 
i dont understand why the zipper had to breakdown after we only rode it once 
i should be putting my clothes away. blehhh 
Get cape. wear cape. fly.  gets me every times. 
 I need my handy dandy shooting hat.. I think that it should play a bigger role in my life.. The hat
@petrilude  sad, I have no money to go buy cute bras and panties!
i just walked into the wall and wound up breaking my bracelet 
on the treadmill. forgot to put my shoes on 
ARGGH. folding my clothes. 
i hate putting on clothes 
Wondering why braces have to cost so much 
No more ladies styles for Concepts come F/W09!!! 
missing prince charming  he ran away with my glass shoe.
Ughhh my favorite shorts are lost in the abyss that is my closet 
@justellie I had a gizmo doll. I can't find it.  I miss the little mogwai.
my clothes need to hurry up and dry. I want to go home. 
@jinnpod the only momento is the pair of jeans I'm wearing.  I do hope it comes back to me as well. There goes my Divoom itour speakers.
I wanna go shopping  shop for many nice clothes.
had a terribly time walking in wedges yesterday. Why can't I walk in heels/wedges? 
Theres still sand on my flipflops.. i miss portugal 
@aquarium I did wear a hat 
I put by skinny jeans in the dryer now they feel really tight! 
Sitting alone packing bags.  sad
@tynedaile I love you and your hatty hats too! So sorry I didnt get to see you before you went 
@toomanydresses I'm in flip flops, cropped jeans and t-shirt in anticipation but the sun is not out  x
arthur didn't bring me back a bear t-shirt 
@boardies where have you gone! 
@NancyEDunne good morning- you banging the clothes pegs over there?? beaut day but i fear it wont last 
why do i feel sick and gutted i didn't get my tshirt 
Oh bollocks, I have a t-shirt tan 
should have worn boots today 
I hate trying on clothes trying to work out what to wear  dunno whether to go with trousers or skirt
Oh I hate sewing  stupid hems! They should just stay up!
@EIsie I have only bought that 1 nappy for C and 2 new (boyish) wraps. I was a nappy agent so have more than enough nappies 
My favorite pair of shoes is no longer comfortable!!! 
@Rochellewiseman I can only see the necklace 
is fed up of being expected to have super human abilities and not being allowed to wear his pants outside of his trousers... 
@rachelcreative  They sound perfect - apart from that! I have trouble with every pair of shoes I own.
Why is it that when my mom washes my pants, the become high waters 
I tried on pants for 3 hrs straight and didn't find one pair worth buying. 
@whatkatiedoes I know - it makes me itch thinking about wool hats on a nice sunny day. And also I hate knitting socks 
@In4merz we couldn't find you to get masks 
So hot in my blazer  lol
@PhillyGG I cant fit their bras... 
just ruined a good suit... balls 
@randomknits nope, can't do it in sock weight......only dk or higher 
fat day, wearing bottom of the drawer crap because i've run out of clean clothes  my pants have cats on them- hope i don't get run over.
I have a ladder in my tights  Like huuuuge!
@tanjiehui I don't know lei, like the topic nowadays very boringggg 
can't find any of my bows 
just had to rearrange dress fitting as dress isn't in. woman couldn't find me as it was booked in my mothers name!!!! 
I've lost my favourite hoody  I don't understand how I've managed to lose a hoody thought.
I really need to get some shoe glue - the heel is falling off one of my favorite pairs of gladiator sandals. 
@SDDowns I'm afraid I am, epic clothes fail. I tend to have two main colour schemes though - but would look awful if mixed. 
so worn-out.. 
i just broke my bracelet 
@bibzee At least you got a dress. I got like.. what? earrings and mossie? 
p.s. grossss i have to wear nylons and closed-toe shoes 
has a real messy wardrobe and all my good black tights have disappeared! 
@SDDowns well I am wondering about just packing one pair of trousers and multiple librarian cardigans, don't have any grey ones though 
rainy day  put on a headband and north face jacket
Last night the weatherman said showers today. So I sent my son to daycare in a T-Shirt and long pants. Now they are saying high of 24C 
@cecycorrea can you read it any better now? ...graphic design is not my strong suit 
@johnrkd i told you the clothes are shitty...stupid br 
NOOOOOOOOOOO! my favorite earring just went down the siiink     
@Topshop_tweets hello! any idea why the site's not working? 
@getoutofmyskin i hate getting holes in my fav pair of jeans 
Ugh cleaning out my backpack and washing the dogg 
I need to start yoga again just to wear these otherwise supremely comfortable pants. 
@Cindyinthia I dont have a purse  lol
lost his bracelet 
@AcesHigh333 yeah dresses... i have a really cute BCBG one that i bought for it about a month ago..... but it is way to big now 
@ timmy_sabre  did you see the pic of her in the swimsuit?  She looks like a skeleton~  
so much color on my pants  would it just heal already !
@sydentherese I wanna see the new dress!!! Even though I didn't see the first dress 
My mini me keeps trying to pull off my dress. I think she's a little embarrassed 
is thinking why does my cat always sit on my clean clothes!! go to work like  with a t-shirt like a hover filter 
@ochaos Oh pants - that's not good 
i havnt worn jeans in so long, hatee this cold weatherrr 
american eagle discontinued my fav jeans!! wtf!!! 
i just had the best cheeseburger ever!!, but is getting fed up now as i cant find a dress for the christeing arrrrrr 
@FredsThoughts sorry about your ripped pants 
is so freezing. This knit sweater doesn't help. I feel the cold through all the holes. 
@ASHSTUHHLEY aww I was looking forward to getting one of those shirts 
listening to old school good charlotte, and looking for my hat. it's grey and just blends in with my wardrobe 
I have no socks.!!!1.. 
packing is going to suck, i got mad earlier and threw all my clothes out of the other suitcase while ripping off two posters from my wall 
@ourcitylight I know  and all in one romper suits, and we'll get all antsy when our 'shows' are on. I actually already do this.
sooo annoyin when you see 2 dresses you like and both don't have your size in stock grrrrrrrrrrr!! 
Wearing my favorite ripped jeans...but then i found area wear its ripped thats not cool 
@LilyDang I don't have dress shoes 
i just broke the pair of shoes i was going to wear tomorrow  fuckkkk
As usual, I changed my outfit last minute only to regret it later... wearing a sweater vest on an unexpectedly and gorgeously sunny day 
totally out of my favourite Burberry perfume  someone be my sugar mama/daddy ! it's on my amazon wishlist !
I hate hollister sandals they fail on me in disneyland 
Folding clothes 
: Gucci mane is so wack for the concert 
why cant i find any jeans i like? 
searchin' for hilfiger sneaker, size 40, can somebody help me???  xoxo
Pissed I gotta wear a wrap...its so not me 
braces  tell me it will be okay...
@ChrisBlais It went by boat, I'm worried pirates have intercepted and taken my couture clothing.  
@cassiduncan i dunno  he was so funny, and cute in the bunny outfit :') awwwwwwwwwwwwww
I just bought a dress and put it on in the dressinng room and am now carrying my previous dress on my shoulder like a purse  ?
I just fucking strangled myself on my scarf 
Wants her makeup bag back 
@suckingalemon we don't have jerseys 
Hot topic didn't have @mitchelldavis shirts 
@ woman_within I LOVE the catalog and my new dress - I NEED more work clothes but can't afford to shop anymore for now 
@titotheceo haha they dont match my JSLV shirts tho.  
who goes to disneyland in heels? - me  #fail
Letting go is hard. Letting go of my clothes is harder 
So, i'm beggig my parents for one pair of skinny jeans and 2 cds........I don't think it's going well 
I need to start wearing my retainers again 
Just ripped my favorite pair of jeans.  Can this be a reason to go shopping?
Trying to figure out where I lost my diamond earrings 
I feel bad cuz muffy kept on following me around when she saw me put on my shoes! She thought I was taking her for a walk 
My footsies hurt... I hate these shoes 
@mslol4 i keep lookin at that one but i dont wear pink, and i have too much black clothes... so i cant get it 
i want the stupid shirts made!!! 
I prefered jeans 
just saw an @missjeffreestar shirt at plato's closet....but it wasn't in my size 
 this is what i get for buying a cute little cottage..no closet space for all my shoes  
I really miss my hat  I'm not me without it. I must get it back before the transformers 2 comes out.
got my braces off... now i get to die wearing a retainer  x a bazillion
good thing I learned how to sew from making canvas pram sails.   knife pleats in a kilt is alot harder  
@andyblume shoe suck... 
I want my shirt 
ughhh all the rhinestones she glued all over me hurt sooooooooooooooo much to take off... 
http://twitpic.com/7lf0m - Too bad it's not even mine yet  . Just wait, patience is key, too bad I'm like jumping in my pants. UGGH.
@tin_beezy  no throwing panties?
The dress was done and I was just putting in the buttonholes when the bobbin caught on something and tore the dress   
@PrettyandPoor I had to replace my fave pair of black pumps recently  hope you find your slingbacks!
@levalley @fitprosarah Ah yes, great shoes y'all. I had a pair without the straps but one of the dawgs I used to have chewed one of them 
i really wish i didnt hate weaing socks to bed. 
@anissaparamita i'm looking for everyday earrings too nis coz my current earrings are not that good  if i find them, i'll text you kay
i left my scarf @ zeal. that was my good one too 
@mkaigwa @intelligensia I don't hate it when I am home...under a duvet. Only when half my trousers are wet 
Still no hat size from any 5* ladies 
. @Lollipopins rahahahahaha!  i put on a little weight, so my clothes dont fit.  also, i think taking those steroids was a mistake  
Aww i can't find my sweat pants for yoga tmr 
washing clothes 
i want pluey boots 
i'm on a hunt for a pretty 1920s dress! I'm not very successful! 
@helloninareyes aw  i felt like you guys would be coming to get us from alb
Sometimes I wish I was a normal girl  I'm leaving for 10 days and I have only 3 shirts and 4 jeans. Sucks so bad
there is seriously a pattern going on with my previous necklaces breaking 
@jaecka aww  i need to buy some new clothes...
Also, mad jealous of all the grad classes that get to toss their hats up into the air. We never got hats/robes so we never got to do that 
Pengakuan dosa : I just bought 3 dresses for 2 friends wedding...and 2 pair of shoes. Semoga saya dimaafkan 
Looks like winter clothing is getting dragged back out 
@shoes_off i can't even make the announcement right. at this rate i may not be aloud near enough to the kid for it to even know i'm crazy 
i didn't get to see a photo of lil d's party dress, pockets and all 
i went to ayala about to buy sandals in linea but when i was about to pay, i found out that i din't bring wallet just my coin purse! 
@deviantkade now that is unfortunate  i would get some earplugs and bury myself in pillows. but ... well damn yeah it might still be loud
Has anyone seen my sweat shirt? 
@tweetchristeen lol i dont like carrying around the blazer its fugly lol. i miss my bag  i think im bringing it tomorrow 
i do not look good in jeans 
So far I have worn 3 waterproof jackets. Neither jacket has been waterproof 
Still missing my Rayban... 
Heading to town, I have no jacket and guess what, it's raining 
@mydefposse i don't think socks can do that though 
Wardrobe malfunctions galore this morning  way to make a fat girl in a bad mood. Lol
my other sock has a hole in it 
@Iceflare can't do no panties - short tight dress 
@franchjean haiz... *pat pat* this is what we called wolf disguised in sheep's clothes... many men are lidat sadly. 
@FearMediocrity I won a belt, which they never sent 
@VISpandex great! You know I think I left my shoes either at the studio or in the cab  lol! I need to focus cause I loved those heels.
My mascara is giving me blurred vision.  Does that mean it's time to throw it out?  But it's YSL? 
@unterekless I woke up with one sock on... But I think you probably win 
found a t shirt stand but nothin for me 
iv got too many clothes, need to chuck some out..i hate doing this  it takes so lonngg
http://twitpic.com/7mbag - found this knit racerback sleeveless in ottawa and loved it! 1 of the 3 things i got to purchase  no time f ...
@LipsyLondon i rele want the lipsy bustier ruffle dress but there's no size 6 left  x
@kit_cat1974 Forgeting about me makes me    ;-)
@tonfue You designing snowboards? What's going on? I'm doing well.  Not getting much sleep lately though. 
I am freezing  despite wearing two shirts and a sweater  mommyyyy...want mommy 
sanguine with shame: a macho gust of wind blew my dress over my head, on carnaby, revealing porridgesque arse &amp; small pants to sundry 
reason number #44 why men should never do laundry: dad ruined my favorite black lace dress 
packing again. *sigh* really living out of a suitcase here 
Typical. As soon as I put a skirt and bikini top on the sun goes in 
@denisecua But its too much for accessories. I die every time I approach the rack of bangles and rings 
@Lottieeeeeeeeee im so sorry!   i got super high shoes and a skirt. i def wont be able to walk
@NateRKatich nothing at all  Chanel is coming over so i'm sure she'll talk to u on here
I hate having braces  they hurt
Ugg, the whole family is sick now 
I need to go shoe shopping 
I really want a black hoodie. 
on rollersnakes lookin at some new clothes to get. broke my skateboard 
@nayes1982 I know  ... but it's really too cold for me to go out without a shirt sweetie... (admit it, you walked right into that one) ;)
@jemangus commercial number 25. Wardrobe approved called later and told not needed. 
will i ever find a dress for this weddin in two weeks?!?!? im beginin to think not 
Bout to get dress 
my dress has gone 
i jus now realizd the majority of my clothes r missn. wth! 
@snorkrat that was just below the belt! 
http://twitpic.com/7mz38 - damn...where can i go to get my low classed shoes fixed 
FAILING at my hemp necklace.  I'm challenged...
just got two beautiful new dresses...if only i had somewhere to wear them 
i need to iron my uniforms 
Crashing from the realization I had not actually trimmed down that much, just grabbed my fat jeans by mistake  
@AirJeffreys  im sorry,but i think you would really be able to fit in suit case. come over and i'll put you in next to my underwear&amp;bras
it is so f-ing hot at my work right now, and i can't even take off my hoodie due to humongous hickies on my neck. ugh 
@blairblends You just love me for my hat, don't you? 
i have to find THAT dress tonight.  i'm getting tired of looking.. 
I think i'll just wait for bella to realize i'm more comfy than the blankets.  She looks so cute when she naps tho.
@HeyItsNatalie dress?? I didn't seee  and where the haze at nuggaaa
@NyceBilly You ready 4 2night? I don't have an outfit 
I feel naked.........I don't have any earrings on. 
http://twitpic.com/7nkyg - i remember when jordans was poppin 
Really want to try out ScotteVest, they look awesome for techy people but are too expensive for my budget. 
Wow, someone got an extra hoodie from @b_club? And here I was thinking I was special because I got an extra t-shirt 
I feel naked with no earrings 
@JackieBoyh Dior vegas still had the black ones. But not sure about the white ones sorry 
I think I need to work out. I can no longer lift my suitcase. 
@TheophilusL who gets forced to waer corduroy? 
@MelVicious I am too old for pouches 
I hate it when I see an article of clothing and think 'I would wear that!' only to find out it's made for women 
i never found a vest   i am so unprepared
frezzing hav a scarf, jeans, 3 tops a jumper and boots on 
jump in and have fun skinny jeans and a tang top are the best bathin suit i ever damn owned! Dyls last day @ the falls tmrrw 
i feel so naked without a necklace 
@wendyness no, digital  though apparently I'm supposed to get a t-shirt? did you get one?
My little babydoll is dying with hayfever and I cant be there to look after her 
Oh gosh. When did I get this stain on my bag? 
@DJYoungFresh why the FCUK can't i Dmsg you? i'm about to give up on this sharing sh!t 
my profile is ugly  purple rocks my socks hburs?
Its a crime when you can't find your fishnet stockings. 
@spursette All the new kits are gash, and they've lost the stripey socks 
aww... finally had to put pants on 
@CelestialAxis I feel for the Muppets skinned to make that dress  #sytycd
my belt just tore 
uhoh... pants starting to split - either too many nachoes or shoddy stitching - I blame the latter. 
Fml. I didnt get the necklace 
Ugg.. I've been playing call of duty aaaallll day.. 
about to give up on the boots 
@RashadofUCB I feel you.... daaaaamn u 30 tho!!! I'm right at your heels 
Why is everyone getting their dresses so early?? 
i got two more pairs of knee socks from Wetseal for $1 each...i think im addicted..i wish i had thought to get @emberiryss a pair! 
@babydoll20 nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo i was soo looking forward to that 
My favorite pair of jeans just ripped in the crotch. What a sad, sad moment. 
saw the most beautiful shoes ever at the wrentham outlets, but didn't buy.  -regrets-
who was i kiddin? i'm not going to bed anytime soon....wishin i hadnt left my dkny denim jacket in freakin south bend 
I have just realized that I am a shoe whore with very little shoes.  How sad 
@truthfiend hey do you have super glue? I need to glue my earrings. I broke one 
My sweater is all crinkled  so is my shirt. I can't operate an iron at 5.30 in the morning. I don't even remember waking up :S
@snowflakeunique oooh no.... corset costs you lot more than dribble bib costs us   One for your memoirs...
even worse than the snuggie, the cudly  
frick on a stick what does a old lady want with a nice leather jacket!? damn i missed out @ vinnies 
 uhoh.  jersey peeps are arguing.  so angry. 
@youbejackin final fitting/alteration for bridesmaid dress!! i have been told to lose more weight! 
Mere mention of shorts did it. Now raining. 
My boots can't come... neither can my stripper heels.  I'll miss you guys.
just realized! neeeeeed new shoes. i am skidding across the courts. 
My toe is infected  soaking it in Dettol. Wearing thongs tomorrow, despite the cold!
i think i really need to wash clothes because i'm, like... out. 
I'm so tense today I genuinely fear spontaneously combusting. all that will be left of me will be my shoes... should've worn better shoes 
is has got one of her packages two more to go and is not happy that her new board shorts or to big so there going back 
@kikialakiki me too!  and got socks on
Sunglasses are back in the drawer.  
i'm quite bothered that his hoodie now smells like me 
just watched the last epiosde of scrubs. dude....hardcore 
My clothes arent dry yet. 
I hate wearing dresses without tights 
I have puddles in my shoes. 
i'm still nott yet done with ironing clothes... i'm tired.. 
@Galiiit i definitely need new black skinnies  how much are jayjays jeans? i mostly only buy shirts from there xD
@cazp09 i feel really pants lol i think i have a cold coming as i cant stop sneezing and coughing  xxx
needs more toe socks...most of hers have developed holes. 
@sammi_jade it is blue. blue *gorgeous* shoes, blue top and cardi and then a big soft brown bag to hold all my rubbish!! 
loves clothes that don't suit her. why? 
i wish i bought that other hat from h&amp;m 
@pixiepea well if you can't love me for whats on the inside... i'll stick with the fish shorts 
I'm worried about my doggy home in the closet hid behind all my shoes if it is storming out!!  
@whitneytbennett I miss me and my snuggie  an you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I just realized the clothes I'm wearing really look awful in combination.  And my zipper keeps falling dawn 
@tommcfly i have a whole in my shoe too 
I need a red hoodie to wear with my red vans 
I just get from the mall and I would buy only sunglasses and I ended buying a pair of boots and two Sunglasses ... I hate when I do it 
@codearachnid the belt clip doesn't rotate and it's not really easily usable  I can put it in my jeans pocket but it doesn't just slip in
@LucyShinkfield lucy why aren't u following me? 
these shoes!!!! i miss toruing 
@IamNoelFielding but you cannot be truly happy without a poncho 
Ah fuck that! stupid sewsimple glue doesnt even work?!! i'm trying to fix the bag that @CarloPhil gave me.. carlo it ripped! (the velcro) 
@danielleperry You didn't bid on that bum bag. So disappointed 
i have found THE dress...shame they dont have it in my size 
I swear I'm missing tons of my jeans.  If you have borrowed a pair, let me know! I just want to know if they're still around or not. lmao
folding clothes 
The sole of my shoe has just come off 
My fishnets have a hole  so instead of looking like a pinup i feel like a hooker
Has just realised that the jeans I've been wearing all day are completely thread bare in the arse department 
what a fucked day. it has not stopped raining and i'm pretty much fed up with my pants being wet  i work til 6pm in half-wet pants.
just saw an ad for scrunchies from american apparel,I feel vaguely angry! really I know exactly how long those stuck around first time  !
iv officially become a wedd consultant. I get asked 4 advice on dresses,shoes,stylin,n now music! pity i dont get paid for that part  LOL!
She didnt have any Gucci. 
@dannybelize  but where will i go that wont arrest me for not wearing pants?
@johnlegend it won't stop raining in jersey 
Possesed much?  Gahh I went to pick up my prom suit that I hired, and it was shambolic   The jacket must have... http://tinyurl.com/mm9tbd
Packing my bags... 
@bkzzang eww I hate it. The downside of the low rise jeans 
@singlexxx I like how u invited me to help u choose out some lingerie... 
wow my shoes give a whole new meaning to the term 'killer heels' 
so its grayer than my skinnet jeans outside right now 
i miss new jersey 
i'm happy after ive just bin out and brought some new gladiator sandals and a new top! but i need to lose weight for holidays now! 
I wore the soles out in my shoes... does that mean I have to get new ones? They are just now getting comfy! 
even though I know it is more economical to air dry...it still takes forever. any my clothes don't feel the same 
I want gladiater heels  Is that stupid? 
is so sad that her skein of sock yarn had a knot... a knot that tied two very different dye lots together.  
hid about 5 pairs of trousers at work... i couldn't find them  
trying to find some shorts! but being unsucsessful. 
@antishay http://twitpic.com/7qmed - I'm sorry but this dress makes you look fat  this &quot;shape&quot; of a dress or skirt makes your ass&amp;thig ...
i can't find my dressy slacks 
has to get braces 
If I was rich I would buy those beautiful shoes I just tried on 
Is in love with a certain pair of shoes... but those shoes cost $75 
The crotch in my favorite jeans is starting to rip 
aww ive ripped my trousers 
@MsBrite aw man, i got some FUBU shirts...thats messed up 
I got sin~.. I jus got bought 4 pairs of shoes 
A new doll dress design turns out horribly - not looking forward to ripping it out to salvage it.  
This is alivefest plus my new shoes sweet  http://twitpic.com/7qvxo
http://twitpic.com/7qxfc - Just dropped my bag (and sweater) into the fucking lake of a puddle uner my seat 
 Everyones got cool shoes cept me
I hope this dress fits me like it use to, it probably won't though, I'm not that fat anymore 
Aww! One of my favorite pair of bone earrings broke just now. 
@ missy: good for you.  i cant drink just water.  
@whoak don't i know it. all I have is a shirt. know anywhere that sells grey high socks? 
The more I read about boots and plates the more confusing the whole thing gets. Maybe I'll just stick with my old skates. 
@Kryswithak  I wonder what would happen if I wore jeans?
I'm thinking it's time to accept I'll always be fat and crippled and sell my skinny clothes 
@MademoisElla still here  omg sorry this was so unexpectedly!! Ugg was lookn forward 2 our hangout 
@rohan_p The sadder thing is that I found out about it on the television, not the internet. Snuggie has infected the airwaves 
aww  I want tim-tams!
@TK04 I don't have a swimsuit wit me 
Too much pizza, my maternity pants can't handle it  I think I might just barf.
@JessieCallaghan i really need a  denim shirt and a tash 
everything in my wardrobe has gone moudly... shoes, clothes, bags, everything! i hate winter 
Emily's brother just saw me in my undies. 
@Ajemg09 and he pulled his pants down 
My bracelet is ruined 
Something opened up and spilled ALL over my clothes in my suitcase 
@cookingwithamy like fermenting old socks. 
http://twitpic.com/7rish - i miss wearin' that jacket... i love the fur, i miss it 
Ugh I forgot my coat 
Toms shoes hates me. i ordered a pair and the order didnt go through. now i cant get either of the styles i want. 
haha! she will put my heels to shame 
@manykham i need your Dior glasses back! lol i miss them!  i dont feel whole without them this summer!  
I miss my necklace... 
@officialTila sorry hun I would buy one but I can't afford a shirt 
@nvrpromise u work this sat its our 2 dollar tank event and we have to wear our flag shirts tooo 
sad  but $22 boots!
@Chaoticshimmer I saw an uber cute hoodie in clearance and I wanted to get it but it sold out 
Monsoons: new bag, new uniform, new set of pencils, colors and gum boots. I miss school 
@letimberlake I always debate about getting those shoes but I know I would ruin them... 
of course I'm not packed yet either....just throwing crap in my bag @danjello would be so disappointed in me not planning outfits 
@princsstrish Just realized I forgot to pack the t-shirt I made. 
so i am going to have to quit sunglass hut  to bad!
i can't go to bed because my comforter didn't dry completely.    boooo
I want @AaronCarter7 to take off his clothes 
Foot barely swept over giant pink sunglasses. And they broke. 
The only downside to getting this job is that they changed the uniform shirt from a navy polo, to an awful hawaiian shirt 
I want that Louboutin  saw two girl wear and buy that already :/ haha http://myloc.me/4q0V
@J4D3sayshay lol. well. i need more shoes. and i wasnt able to get any  it was sad. there were so many... and i couldnt get them! :-O
@_problematique i out a sheriff badge on my purse for the day. it just doesn't feel right wearing one without you. 
cant find the new limp bizkit t-shirt anywhere 
can't do much needed laundry. resorting to shaving my legs so i can wear a dress  not in the mood for a dress tomorrow.
just ripped one of my favorite shirts! 
Ahaha i love her little raincoat lol. She's got pink boots to haha. She's adorable. I wish i was like her 
@spudballoo and my blog camp t-shirts are nowhere in sight.  down with the postal service.
Aww scrubs final 
is living out of a suitcase 
@KimberleyMDISCO just had my fingers burnt on ebay - bought some sunglasses 3 wks ago that haven't arrived, so having to make a claim 
I worked hard as a blue collar worker today..but I'll go dinner with sweaty clothes! 
@GLComputing wear as in dress or break down? sorry, thats a genuine doubt 
My favourite belt is broken 
so cold outside i don't have a jacket and i'm wearing a vest top 
i'm sure these tracksuit pants shrank in the wash. my ankles weren't exposed before! 
@Johnnyacop I envy your shirt! I had to miss 3eb, I was so bummed 
christ ive just noticed how thin my wrists look in this cardie :S, its not good haha, i feel anorexic 
@McPenguinOvOb hoody is always a good one but the most expensive  I liked our old heart never lies hoody.
zomg! I rlly can't don't know where my necklace is. It was green and still sealed. I love it, pleaaaaseee 
@starjamgirl i bwas mostly excited for red jumpsuit and bloodhound gang, and red jumpsuit dissapointed me heeeaps 
Impulsively bought 3 dresses....... only one turned out to be good 
aw noez... i gots no more tim tams 
Ugg half sleep half woke and head hurt 
@samanthabates u better wear heels  dont make me be tall on my own
@starmoon lol that's awesome! you can do that? I'm practically in winter clothes, boots and jeans, cause I forgot to waterproof my kicks 
@shoes_in_herts thank you, I will! It's so beautiful and delicate and now with a great big hole 
@racheltoth i fbed this to you to but i cant find my swimsuit so we cant go...im so sorry 
Wearing thin cotton shirts and a flimsy tshirt may not have been appropriate dress for a five hour journey on an air conitioned coach 
Lying in bed wishing it was warmer so I don't have to wear a hoodie 
@SpencerFosberry  Lol, my tweet was nothin to do with my trainers or clothes... although, I'm still not sure what I'm going to wear 
I don't know what to do with my blazer 
no shoes anywhere  backup pair it is then. now going to pack my bags
damn, where's my precious necklaces? 
didn't get PJs this morning 
I'm about to be totally lame and google how to lace up boots 
just got my braces... they're getting painful. 
@saucybritches are there going to be any cute preggy clothes? Clothes shopping has become the bane of my existance 
Washing my clothes 
i think i may have killed my suitcase 
Dislikes high heel shoes right now 
This search for a dress is proving unsuccessful 
wow, the closet from paris is amaziing! i want to have these clothes too 
http://twitpic.com/7sz1x - Who likes my Doremon pjs? XD merr I can't sleep 
@studiogenius negative! She even told us about her no bra saggyness 
Looking for my skeleton hoody  i lose everything!:L
@Sinkingwithyou I havn't got a jacket and it probably will rain 
@radhallman I wasn't wearing my hammer pants. he wasn't either 
i got these new jeans yesterday and i've already got a blob of ketchup on them 
So my swimsuit came but I have to return it  back to looking for one
Shopping for suits is hard 
worn outt 
what gets out lipstick on clothes? 
The lady at the shoe store failed!  I bought the kid 2 different sizes of the same shoe.  Now I have to go back 
There's a hole in my pants. 
ahh! i found out i have a shoe tan 
@bitofmomsense Yes, it would be and I have to go outside photograph an event nicely dress... I am going to be thirsty... 
i lost my purse 
@jasonhawkins Though I would never wear shorts. You don't know me at all 
@tokyoacid they have to be a blueish plaid 
At the orthodantist, fixing my braces 
@thereisaseason no  but they are sending me a return label so I don't have to pay for return shipping. i have a backup dress but its brown
Ladies! Why does a thong cost more than a normal underwear? It contains less material! 
According to the wii fit, I'm 227.8lbs naked. I was 233 yesterday with clothes? Is it lying to me?  Is it a new laughing scale? I hope not
@kblicious i really wish i could go with you tonight  i'm excited to show you all my new clothes !
I like about half the clothes on icarly 
I am so good at shirt and tie combos it scares me sometimes. ;) I am so bored at work though.  
@lorikatehall the jeans are perfect....but they are online and I'm scared to commit to a size online...esp with designer 
@DameElizabeth my ears aren't pierced.  I have make do with bracelets, necklaces, rings....purses, shoes...you get the idea! ;)
haha im so screwed up! i went to 5 stores to buy a pair of swim trunks i spent 300 dollars. And not a single swim trunk! 
http://twitpic.com/7tzy1 - I didn't buy that dress! 
 scrubs made me start to cry
@cmlundy DONE!!!!! I really need one too... Aritzia hasnt gotten back yet  dammit!!
@DavidOMahony my irish is pants 
My gloves are still missing 
i just picked up a child who threw up and now i need to have my shirt washed. argh... 
I had to buy a new pair of jeans cause I tried to be a ninja and shit 
for the 2nd time in 2 months, ruined a brand new garment by spilling a drop of oil on it. 1st the blue dress, and now an adorable shirt. 
My stockings are here!!  But they are a little big... 
my sister put a peg thingy on my jeans and I can't take it off 
my giant walk in closet seems soooo much smaller now that all my clothes are in it. 
my giant walk-in closet doesn't look so big now that all my clothes are in it 
I want new clothes so bad  I'm getting bored of what I got :L
And I wasn't wearing a bra 
#dontyouhate when people try to spray perfume or cologne over thier funk   EEEW
i c all these high rollers w/fancy clothes&amp;phones.want that 2 but cant have it if i want good grades  oh wait til i get my nursing license
@novickancy well i will be in Milan for like 2 more days...OMG your doing Burberry i would die to go there i'm only doing Gucci and Ferre 
@ireckon I don't own any ugg boots  - that's not fair
@chfbrian I kind of feel the same way. He gets until 7, then I'm changing into my PJs. 
@msgiavonni212 prada is too, I want both but I don't have $1000 to splurge with 
i think matchin linen pants and shirts is a easy out for men..not cute. try a little harder guys.REALLY! 
well crap braces  YAY 
@tellurideband no new T-shirt designs yet? 
Finally done with the graduation! Also I think that the shoes that I borrowed from my mother gave me blisters 
@whoppergirladv i was using the 5.99 shirt  but i want it well decorated, ha!
So i bought some cute khaki capris but they have a little hole in them so im kinda worried i wont be able to wear them to work 
F*balls...there is construction dust all over my fendi 
Hour and a half l8 for ds dress reherdal 
#dontyouhate it when a dog plays punkass and attacks your new $50 jeans and broad daylight 
i got my grandpa two shirts and a card!! we couldnt go back for another balloon!! 
@whereskate  noo. what's wrong doll?
1 of my belt straps brock on my red skinnys  its annoying
I hate pointed shoes. 
@loafers were at 43% now 
Noooooooooooooooo! I waited too long and now they are sold out of the shirt i want. 
@TJNeonLimelight   *huggies* love you
@Journey2Mecca girl please I ain't bought any Gucci or Burberry in a year  but I do have work boots that cost more than sum Manolo Blahnik
I hate buying shoes 
I feel so ugly with my braces i wish my teef were straight already 
no but seriously, i need it.  my outfit will be useless without the socks.
chinese food at sammy's was a bust   but at least i picked up two hot pairs of pumps and a fab pair of suede boots for the fall!!
sammy's was a bust due to girlfriends' drama   ...at least i picked up two hot pairs of pumps and a fab pair of suede boots for the fall!!
Is it the night of the classic black dress??? How come no one told me  I have a few I could have worn.....lol
Just lost his shirt or should I say dress  http://myloc.me/4zDV
LOL my grandpa said my leather jacket was too small and I'll outgrow it in a year.  but everyone at Three liked it!
@resist_hegemony those pants are getting small.  And ripped.
I need a good pair of dark, straight or slightly flared jeans. I can't find any 
@hemlines I hate it 
i'm super excited for the wedding of @beckychustz and @allenbattles 2moro...WooHoooooo. all i need is a dress 
#dontyouhate when chicks wear a pushup bra and u think they have big breast 
i need to go shopping  looking at my shorts and i only have like 3 pairs. this is not going to work! lol
you guys left me. come back to north jersey  lol@callmejersey
I mean, I all but know that my made-in-china shirt for $50 was made for about $0.50. But it's so cute. 
very old fellow wearing hollister cologne. no me gusta 
mum wouldn't buy me cowboy boots 
So we didn't get our shirts  but I did get shorts and some new sandals so life is good and now I'm totally wiped!
ugh my boots n socks are wet  need better boots! rainboots? spiderman rainboots?
@TwiLove66 but I'm in my PJs and need to shower 
@majikelbeans I'm in my PJs too and I dont care I miss youuu! 
My ciwwaf shirt got a hole in it 
My fave 3am hobby: trying on legwarmers, cute panties and outfits in front of full-length mirror. But sorely lacking all items right now 
My braces hurt 
 just had potato bake leak all over my shirt.. had to change 
i saw a shirt @ mango!!! It's soo cute  i never stop thinking about it (
I wish i could find the earring i lost 
why are zipia bags so fcking expensive?!! 
Waking up still wearing my socks  not cool.
@alliecobra You're swo hot in stripes socks. I'm lamenting that as your photographer I am no longer there to take full-length pics. 
@YiMayAK my spatula earrings broke! 
I have a shirt he wore and have it right here next to me cause it still has his sent, so I can fall asleep  I miss him, I can't sleep
Up early again for another dress fitting 
I picked up my virtual tennis stuff today but no wig, bands or jacket 
No T-shirt for me.  but I have a mighty 'postergram'! Is it a poster, or is it a program?
i reallly want that white sundress from topshop its so gorgeous! 
@strikeitfierce i havent gone shopping so long. i seriosuly need new winter clothes. 
@JJFanshawe: No more skirts and wigs? 
my legs are pale, bruised and not looking nice at all.  this dress looks best without tights but i might just have to ruin it 
pissed that I broke my favorite jeans 
scarves are addictive. i bought one, now i have about 20 and i love them all 
@Sneway is hurting my teddies 
http://twitpic.com/7w7j6 - I think my leathers need an airing  lol
reeeaally wants a t-shirt from truffleshuffle 
@wearebothcats i bet u were buzzing after that!.......i'll get my coat 
@andymbc i dont have enough tartan to go as you 
I can't find my sandals. They're still packed somewhere and not listed 
@lyraelson if there wasn't a length restriction on the skirt i would be too but i hate long skirts 
it didn't bounce, it smashed all over my rug 
it didn't bounce, it smashed all over my rug 
@peterlyle oh plus two tripods and reflectors, a backpack plus small shoulder bag. Would take those primes and macros if I owned them 
trying to make my last t-bag stretch to another cuppa 
@kiki_miserychic where has thou been? I miss the blue socks, heels and dinosaur splashed all over my twitter 
hah~ i've got the shoes for graduation, still can't find the skirt, hmphff 
sitting in front of the computer in my towel. waiting for my clothes to dry  i dont like this all that much.
I really have to start wearing sunscreen 
@meekeke i love the shoes in ur background!! 
my favorite pants now have a small hole in them thanks to marshalls 
Nohing here but jersey trash and hanging skin 
The dress I had to put back   http://twitpic.com/7wj84
Washing clothes.....ugh 
About to get some shopping done...for a new swimsuit...its about to get depressing 
looks like I waited too long to get a good deal on a pair of Fitflops. size 8, if I want to pay &lt;$38 I have the choice of pink or red 
@Chanel Couture i just noticed you still have my favorite head band 
@maryjaneoh I couldnt! Topshop doesnt allow photos (we asked) and I didnt want to be like a crazed fan so noo 
I can't find my Prada seeing glasses  so I guess Dior will have to do
My hands are very cold!   Even its a sunny day, its freezing outside. I'm wearing panties under my pants and socks haha.
My shoes gave me blisters thats not nice 
I need to buy shorts and stop cutting all my pants 
@Themichellewie i hate when clothes start sticking to you     .s8n.
It's so hot ur clothes sticks to u. 
She's on the rag 
so how bout hottopic has no red or framing hanley shirts for sunday! looks like ill be wearing a t shirt that is just plain red 
On the way to pamelas partially dressed as a cowgirl the hats in my bag but i left my lasoo on the table 
@allmyescapades yeah why a new ball dress?!?! 
So I got a pretty and casual dress but nowhere to wear it to 
About to change clothes...sheesh I'm hot 
We went twice around the mall, and did not find a dress 
@aggie067 I want a little boy to hang out with and hold my hand everywhere we go  and to dress in polo.
Forgetting to roll up jeans + the ocean = 
too expensive for shoes 
when is hollister going to have new clothes? 
saw a nice rug and it didn't work out 
@tygerlyn I can't chew them with my braces. 
Ughhhh, I feel pants.  *cries*
No new shoes for me 
i got braces again 
I cant find my size in jeans that have holes in them  weeps! maybe i need to gain weight ...
eww sand in my tights. HOW? ew sand in my shoes ew ew , i must throw these shoes out there done, the seawater made them smell shite. 
men in skinny jeans....thumbs down 
I just want my pants 
not happy at all....i have no clothes 
For real, tho...it looks like this girl threw a large shirt on, pinned it between her legs, and called it a dress. 
i am sweating like a pigggggggggg  i went running in a tshirt and a hoodie LOL!!!!
Hoping my little ratty can pull through 
@imwatchingtv i loved those shorts! she grew out of them, and now she's pt'ing  they were knit by http://hyenacart.com/dwellwoolknits
@karli29 white zara tube dress with patton flats... I forgot my grey pumps ripped a lil in jamaica  I need new shoes...
definitely pulled something in her shoulder thanks to her gangster duffle bag strap. And it hurtsssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss. 
@henryholland I tried to buy one of white t-shirts designed for Topman but they sold out when I got round to it 
Why can I suddenly not knit a scarf? It shouldn't be this hard. 
coach was out of the shoes i wanted in my size! 
I'm convinced i need this hamburger. All my jeans are falling off of me 
just bought 2 new swimsuits but vs cheated me outta $10 and my comp died before I could fix it 
Sooooometimes bein &quot;top heavy&quot; isn't cranked up all to be!! This halter dress is killin my neck 
@vishuzpwnedyou most of the cute shoes weren't in my size 
@sveikasjustin me toooo. but there is nowhere hiring in cape cod 
i jus made a dress, and its alittle retarded 
I feel heartbroken leaving F21 w/out this sweater cardigan.  http://tinyurl.com/mevh33
I hate when headphones get into knots like it bothers me so much .. Is that like ocd ? 
I wear  short skirts she wears t - shirts, go go go that is so not mee. 
Trying to order some warrior wear shorts from fightsuperstore.co.uk and failing 
@fleurydelis haha if he didnt have his hands on my underwear in my suitcase I'm sure I would have berated him. airport security ftw 
@Grimsta2003 I throw everything down and took off my shirt .... it was horrible 
I miss my necklace. 
Finding new ways to tie this wrap skirt/dress is more difficult than I expected. 
#inmysweetestdreams I would only purchase size 34 jeans and be able to shop in h&amp;m 
i wish i had lots of money. i would buy all the super cute dresses at urban outfitters. 
can't seem to get the aomi outfit sheet project off the ground, keep running into  brain farts trying to design outfits 
Too bad it's so hard to look for shoes in my size. 
The lady at the pharmacy told me skin so soft bath oil is a good mosquito repellent...I'll have to shelve the Chanel no.5 
I was hoping to not keep so many clothes... oops. No more shopping for me 
So many rip lusk shirts 
her pants are closed 
@dk101shop shirts overpriced 
i hate my clothes!!!!!!!!!! grrrrrrrrrrrrh!!!! 
Trying to buy a Horeur shirt but its not workingg  @shaunjumpnow @shannonhochkins
i got this heels on they are killin my feet lol im a sneaker chick i wish i had a pair now 
What would i do if i were in their shoes? 
@idivehard I want a spock doll 
thnks his jeans just might be blue..... 
bad zipper burnt on fingers trying to fix the mess up zipper on hoodie. still not fixed 
i really want that blazer from mango 
@shaunjumpnow damn i so wish i could by a horeur t-shirt but i cant afford one  any chance you'll put the price down just for me haha
i really want that blazer from mango 
my @NAPPYTABS sweats arrived but they sent me the wrong size 
just found out I have fallen arches and need to stop wearing flip flops and going barefoot.  
@kferg47 what hasn't happened  I just want to get out and get my swag on LOL
@sarahteaa its too cold to wear shorts! and i brought my stockings to camp so they're dirty too 
@zhanger i can't find 'em now... all i gots is sleepy pants and i miss you guys pants... 
So much for bed...just organized both my suitcases (aka: dressers) and switched my purses...my Dooney is so dirty 
i want to watch lilo and stitch, but i dont own it 
The escalator ate my dress. I really liked this dress, too... 
Oh just a hint don't power wash in good sneakers they won't look that good after 
@katyperry did you get the earrings from the briefcase? I hope they didnt get lost. 
@RimaDarling and i dont have black track pants..  lmao
@giannadimson get well soon!  why don`t you rest. )
Sequins are expensive  its really sad.
I wished my mom brought me pants I'm laying in this hospital bed wit a mini skirt on 
i want new backpack! 
is fed up of my nana buying me new shoes!!!    :/
@turnthemusicup i don't have any sequins 
My stockings had a fight with the velcro on my laptop bag. The velcro won. 
lovely denim tube corset. pricy but lovely! me wannnt!  i'm like in love in corsets lol
@Scarlettjen Aw, I didn't see this until after they finished! I missed a prime underwear throwing opportunity. 
@shinedropdime Because he is sad  And it's just a tshirt.
missing wearing a skirt to work. my worksite doesn't allow me to do so 
It's so cold outside  glad i am not wearing pumps. I haven't worn Converse in ages.
I can't believe mum chucked out all my beautiful shoes 
@PBishappy I knoow. But it's so hard to bring two backpacks to work! 
I want ankle boots 
Just checked in my bags! $100 
Oh no, don't tell me ripped jeans/tights are in 
packing bags 
kebaya&amp;dress haunt me so bad 
somethings just dont change. i still suck at sewing pants. 
this T-shirt with @michaelcho's artwork is... 
Awww i tore my favourite jeans...  - http://tweet.sg
the wedding is off..  but i've already paid for my bridesmaid's dress
Just found the perfect pair of boots, but I can't afford them 
@ellice_x i've got the skinny jeans.. i just don't know what top to wear! It's gotta be good for warmth &amp; cold  it's harddd!
said scarf/hat/glove is lost 
tyding up my wardrobe. it makes me sad  so many nice clothes..
tidy up my wardrobe. it makes me sad  so many nice clothes..
I have to iron my clothes now 
This is not a drill! I'm wearing pants 
i need to alter 3 pair of jeans.  but i'm too lazy to.
Oh yeah graduation. I have to get a bra for my dress and im returning the new shoes bc they hurt a lot 
@Janusxuk not good  but hopefully at least you got something you wanted? Not socks or handkerchiefs!
My mother made me go through my shoes. I got rid of about a thousand pairs so this means I only have about a million left.    
i found my blue elementary uniform. the shirt and vest i could fit in. but my ass now is way too big to fit into the skirt 
doesn't think there are enough websites devoted to big boys wearing compression shorts or under amour t-shirts.  I should start one.
@boomx17 &amp; @ leslerrrs93, i need to make a shirt too.  lol. How are you 2 doing?
Awww...waiting for the bellhop to pick up our bags  bye vegas
I need to become a fashion designer,i cant find a bathing suit thats made for large chested women 
lucy has been very ill  not good
Still have no rucksack 
I just ripped my jeans!!! 
I can't find my shorts! 
just got bleach on his vans &amp; black socks 
I'm to over-sensitive, all i did was buy the wrong size wardrobe and now I'm bloody miserable 
wish my toe didn't hurt, might not be able to wear my new shoes tonight 
#addictedto high heels that I can't even walk in 
ugh, need arrowroot powder. must put on pants to go shopping. 
My black tie is back in the wardrobe, hopefully for a long long time 
I have a rip in my pants. I knew I felt a draft earlier 
http://twitpic.com/84he0 - Its so damn hard to find jeans to fit me  and that was a size 11/12
@dannywood I wish the tank would fit over my boobs but no can do. 
dropped applesauce on her shoe. 
At the salvation army thrift store... found the most amazing sweater vests and flannel but they're fucking mens xl 
I want a really awesome vintage shirt that i saw.  it's so pretty.
Someone in my office is playing the Shoes song really loud...it took months to get that out of my head, now it's back  These shoes rule!
four different stores and none of them have the shirts I need for soccer uniforms 
@mermaidcharms no more strike ... just no necklace 
Totally wore the wrong shoes to work. 
@helenkeomany i need black pants 
@carmelk No win on the maxi dress? 
@pj_jamonit why did u take me wit u! 
@FashionGrail I remember when I could wear a dress like that! It was just 5 1/2 years ago   But I could NEVER wear those heels! lol
@FashionGrail I remember when I could wear a dress like that! It was just 5 1/2 years ago  But I could NEVER wear those heels! lol
Trying out new packaging, metallic silver bags arrived today which was great, but where are the beads ordered 2 weeks ago? Grrrrrrrr 
Finally just sucking it up and giving my express jeans away. I love them... They're just so big.  bye jeans! I love you!
@thomasjo Haha, you lucky bastard! We have a shirt and long pants dress code. That is awful right now 
@Ninepinkbears who's flirting with you about scrubs beside me? mad 
@_wagathegreat or you 10lbs and your pants still don't fit. 
Just took the Louboutins to the shoe doctor. 
One dress but no proper shoes  not good. And im late!
Trying to pack up my suitcase... But I think I'm trying to do too much too fast cuz it's starting to really hurt! 
I've got milkshake in my shoe  lol
@meltingmama you're trying to find your fat clothes again 
@agobelle I think im at 300 blossoms. i didnt know you could resell those outfits right after you bought for a full refund 
Is shopping and cant find any clothes 
Ugh these shoes are giving me blisters 
@Lfitzgerald11  I can use some socks...all mine got holes 
@LunaTriste What's wrong, doll? 
's sock has a hole in it 
Missing european fashion like craaaazzzzyyyy... 
@HannahTroy  that would've been awesome! You could always eh...suitcase?
I really wish I was allowed to wear shorts to work 
@special_boots 
I just broke my necklace 
@camilecc Scarves. I'm addicted to them. 
i smell like shoe cleaner 
@jasminelaurennn I love purple trousers, they are my favouriye item of clothing  x
I doubt ill be able to get that jagk shirt.  i should have asked when i first saw it.
My last pair of headphones stopped working. 
It just got dark again and I'm about to go outside w/ no jacket or umbrella. This might not end to well... 
It just got dark again and I'm about to go outside w/ no jacket or umbrella. This might not end too well... 
Not happy, his pair of 6's were the lowest possible pair on the table...How could he call such a high all-in not happy at all! 
I would get a queso stain on my favorite shirt. 
Next time I wear a skin tight dress I'll remember to not eat taco bell  I look like I'm about to drop a baby
Ugg I lost my glasses, yes alcohol was a factor 
@robinsena Beats the shit out of me. You have to wear close-toed shoes and shirts with sleeves - and I didn't know either of those things 
is really under dressed. I'm still in my playhouse clothes 
There are some ants in my pants, I'm being totally serious too. 
@Shirt8005 I would if I had the money 
Transformers! too bad I didn't get my t-shirt 
is not meant to knit lace tonight.  
 becomming a fan of bubble shirts...Haha they dont make me look as chubby 
gettin ready to go to sleep wish these clothes would dry soon!!! 
@4_sweater_vests exactly!!!! lol. They're so lucky though  I want my own place to have crazy sex in (not that I do that now... lol)
@couture aw, I just left there. 
i can't find one of my favorite bikinis 
actually gettin braces on july 6th 
@shoe_8 i miss you too    text me?
@xiaoplz for braces? how much? i think i have to fix mine too  again..
@KRYSTINMARX I really wanted to see her..................... don't even rub it in, missy!!! 
is making boots for her costume and bleeding out of every goddamn pore on her fingers. 
god damn hiking boots are expensive 
I fell over the fence and ripped my fuckin favorite shirt 
I want my pj's! And my plaid shirt! 
missed a t-shirt 
All my clothes are super wrinkly! 
I wish i could be listening to dj @kx3u because he has awesome pants and is full of coolsauce. But i cant. 
@KatyCat27  we have no hawaian shirts 
I can't believe how drun k I am. I'm so upset I ripped my favorite shirt 
so i've ruined 3 pairs of earrings today... it can't get any better than this 
Oh nuts, newly washed clothes haven't dried out yet.  I'll be sleeping in the clothes I'm wearing right now tonight.  
@rabiagarib don't trust @harisn he invited me to lahore to gift some barbie dolls to me but refused when I reached there 
who took my t-shirt?!!! 
my toes are cold and im too lazy to get a pair of socks.  #squarespace
I should just sleep in my uniform . I have to be back at 8 
ugg... i think i slept too much 
I really want a biker jacket.  A black one in particular.
@jewels919 oh, i finished mine too 
You know your going to have a rough day when you try to put your shoes on before you put your pants on 
Wish i had never taken textiles, too much work, i mean so much! im sooo going to fail this!  but im sure my mcfly dress will be awesome :L
sale is over  but you can still find great scarves, purses, and hand towels at our store! http://www.hooksofhope.etsy.com!
I really wanttodays woot shirt 
still no shoes.. .. I want shoes. 
Clothes NOT fitting!!!!   so frustrating   WTF is goin ooonnnn????
can't wear that jacket 
Throbbing has subsided a little, now if I could only put a shoe on 
is never going to fit her closet into one bag 
@bdeaton Ugg I hope you feel better and yeah.. I was a work in since they were full up and between the doc and pharmacy it took 4 hours. 
you know you have to go on a diet when your pants rip. those were my favorite a&amp;f jeans.  brb starving. lol
Considering owning only 2 changes of clothes in order to avoid ironing mountains like the one I'm looking at right now 
@smurph but I dont know where my hat is  woe
ooooops. missed a button on my blouse.. a very important button i might add...   #embarassing.
is heading out to the office for her once-a-week visit. So, no PJs all day for me. 
nobody knows this but me but my underwear and my shirt totally clash and it's driving me insane.  
@alexislyon The button-up shirt and pants are easy for me, but as for not saying #thatswhatshesaid too much... I just can't do that. 
@AllisonShops  Aaaaw, I wanted to win the rug 
freakin sick   i still want my nike jacket
i dont have a mask!!! 
@thediaperclutch That doesn't seem to be working for us. She just sits in the wet pants. 
@zulacat mommy says I can't lay in socks cuz i will poop and pee on dem. 
Definitely lost too much weight when my butt can't even hold up a pair of skinny jeans... 
@fanyechka But you must must be able to make it if not I will be sad  It was you and all your pjs that inspired teh partayyy.
@5DollarDinners @georgegmithjr the pics must change - everytime I refresh it is a new pic!  (not always my shoes  )
isn't seeing Transformers again, instead I'm in Topshop, looking at clothes I can't afford 
hey all hope all is well  weather in scotland is  awsome sadly im stuck in  the house with a bandage on my foot boo damn  new shoes suck 
@babygirlparis why aren't your shoes available in a size 11? i know that's your shoe size...it's mine too now i can't buy your shoes 
@JonesBeach_1988 I wish I could be home still in my pj's 
UGG trying to eat french toast with a new upper lip piercing not sooo easy 
@CheryleLapitan did u order it from nba.com? my chip shirt came but not the hat yet  lol
Bout to drop some clothes @ tha dry cleaners...yayy another bill 
@suzierobb suz i want a fitness first shirt 
@shinyshiny it wasn't that loose  nor comfy looking
@robthrive I went to Nordstrom to buy your Gianetta top: http://twitpic.com/2m2ow and they were already sold out! 
@OnyXx_B I have those ponys ...I can't find a shirt to wear with those though 
@HANDGUNFL dudes you can't just post saying you have new shirts and not post a pic !  lol
says missed the artfire sneakers  http://plurk.com/p/13xk6q
my braces are beginning to hurt now 
I've just ruined my favorite pair of work pants. 
damn!!! that skirt!!! hmm!!! i totally freaked out!!! hmm maybe thats not for me  cross fingers for the shopping of shoes tom.! haizzz. .
@phages I don't  I had one random shift last night at Aritzia thoughhh
@YunaKins92 dang I wishhhh!  but I'd have to leave now and I'm still in my pjs
I am avin a crapbday dropped meatballs all over my jeans 
@unemployedbush i am sure that you looked totally hot in those spurs and chaps, i am sorry i missed it. 
likes the #guitarriot shirt best, but is a little disgruntled at having to choose only one.  #rocketriot @rocketriotXBLA
I now have painting clothes!   
i'm feeling somewhat artistic...time to break out the sketching pad, i feel a new dress design coming 
new jersey, here i come 
@MJDancer38 really.like i would buy that sweater from him. i couldnt tell if it was silk or a really nice polyester blend..lovesit chrisB 
@dmcar I still wear the bottoms of my trousers rolled 
just bought the best scarf ever 
@bebe33 He's got other qualities... I'm pretty lucky 
@wandaharland i will continue to smuggle whole crates in my bra then! 
@meyuy  means u should go and shop new pants  
@styler i can come along i think now  am making a button necklace tonight 
@RussellCrowbar On my skates 
got some new jeans 
Age is putting up new racks for me. The corsets will look much better 
@notytony @gau3 but some would say, the shoe must go on 
@chrishasboobs I love you baby doll 
searching for a good dress, any care to help me? 
trying to find something formal to wear in a casual closet, jeans and popculture shirt will do good enough. 
@suitelifeofkell and then i stole that shirt. and sold it on ebay 
is a bit happier. She found her Chanel sunglasses. 
hurley tshirt and jeans  just like every other day haha
@stewarttownsend and your shirts 
how about throwing a shoe wrapped in #pinkchaddi at renuka chaudhary 
hopes it will be warm enough to bust out sandals and dresses this weekend in athens 
@hayl3s silly sock 
sandals, shorts &amp; t-shirt -- summer is here! 
@ABIBAN and parka, don't forget the parka! - there's your 365 right there 
some of my clothes come tmr 
doesn't have braces anymore, yay! 
has clothes that fit 
@TonyWade @iantalbot I'm a size 5, but I have to wear orthotics in my footwear if I'm attempting to walk so I can get away with a 6 
@JonathanRKnight Do u still have that orange shirt and the orange Jacket???  xx
For the record (I assume @cycleclothing is interested since they just followed me): cycling is A-B, minimum fuss, normal clothes 
@arleigh You must have gotten the same Converse e-mail from Zappos that I did. 
@amhce4 I am really excited about dress code 
ended up watching 3 Dsquared2 fashion shows... wahehe... 
It's warm enough to wear shorts and a t-shirt. Like it 
@bradiewebbstack AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA bradie you are so cool  talking to your socks!! ily x how are you aye?? x
Today is very cold, so cold I may have to start wearing my jeans again  yesterday was raining but I did get some good shots of ducks 
Fucking hell - Prada saved the day!!! 
@MoonwoodFarm Yes, the gloves are my pattern. I've made lots of gloves on my looms 
@im1star4u anytime   we're here to educate! Also.. avoid socks with seams because they hinder circulation.
was driving wearing high heeled shoes. many people can't imagine how i do it but I can 
@abhere just buy another pair 
matching patty necklaces! now all that we need are our jeffsladefrickinugh bracelets 
got a cardigan, dress &amp; backpack from boyf today!  updated monsterattacks.lj!
@marcpending I hope you purchased that shirt! It's amaaazing! 
I feel Parisian in my new dress. 
we made a cute doll at school today   she wear a  purple dress and she has a yellow hair XD but so cute
wondering when her foundation will get deliverd by boots 
@she_eats as i recall he also had a female blowup doll but I guess he took that with him. 
@uhhkyliewylie my moms gona pick up the dye. and we can go get the shirts 
My clothes form H&amp;M have just arrived 
Wearing a red t-shirt and purple pants. 
@yyin22 heyyyyyyyyyyyyy doll 
@varniee @draganallama heyy! (: I think I'm going to wear this skirt with stockings, leotard, scarf and boots. 
im so happy its warm enough again to wear clothes I like  green skirt, moon boots, and a rainbow robot shirt. yay
@XxHayXx0 yay! isn't he though??? i want the pants. for all myself 
getting some clothes bby! 
@rachelmueller superwoman with oven mitts. you rock. 
@paigeiam snuggies? what's that? 
If anyone can find me hippie headbands and feather earrings... you are totally my bff 
@SamTheButcher thanks for the heads-up sam. t-shirt ordered 
Prolly shouldn't be handling large knives while intoxicated... But at least everyone likes my socks!!! 
@jjooss 3 t-shirts and 2 packages of stickers (= 6 stickers ) 
That new dress looks wonderful on Renesme  I will chose one for me 2
@savestheclash Seems like that should be an easy answer to people problems, Wear Shorts! 
shorts and tank top 
i just picked out my first pair of shoes on shoedazzle.com.... 
going to old navy for a new shirt (this one isn't cutting it any more), then packing up games and booze and headed to the pig roast! 
 i got an awsome i love music t-shirt 
i love my the maine shirt.  it beats @brittanyohh's.
going to the mall, nothing like new shoes 
getting some clothes on, then eat some good fooooood  yummy
going shopping for grad-wear later 
prom dress shopping....finally 
@thegraduate09 totes.  
Just went shopping with miranda and found my perfect dress for johnnie highs! 
I love cute shorts. 
@missyhoot its 5 pairs of shoes! How many do you need?! 
This shirt makes my boobs look big 
@Yodapish buy me a corset! 
@petewentz if i tweet them to you do i still get a free shirt!? 
just left the mall..lip gloss and panty's 
@LethalPrincess or just wear bigger jeans 
@allison0421 me too-i got two pairs of jeans and 3 tops 
@alexalltimelow: jersey jersey jersey!  maxwell's bar and resaurant in hoboken. 
@DitaVonTeese I must tell you i absolutely love your fashion...it is the best. I am a big fan 
Sleeveless tops in chilly downtown 
@brittanywitte you should be, i got a cobra starship shirt! and i almost cried whenever Alltimelow came out. 
I actually got to walk into a store and walk out with jeans... to wear immediately... no waiting for a shipment... 
@ball_and_chain, lovely fashion play list  I especially dig the blue and white polka dot dress.
a shirt for 3 bucks.i love the clearance section. 
@jackalltimelow i figured out it was you, cause i saw your hat. 
@kit_meow wow  when will you go there?
@ilove_shoes in the processs of getting drunk. 
i rock so many socks off. 
@ternoman I want the shirts! How do I get them? When? 
@SlauBeSharp - you should also get different colours, different sizes and have a spring wardrobe. You know, just in case. 
@kriesse i like your new shoes 
@jennytsang at bowling. you were trying to explain to me that your jeans made you look like a muffin 
@shaundiviney some judge from sytycd has the same jacket as you but you look better in it 
@ryanstarr7x i did  what did you guys do? i can't decide what clothes to bring! can you give me some suggestions?
Just bagged up 4 bags of clothes to be taken to the clothes bin. I have a choice of either air ambulance or the heart foundation 
Getting ready to go to the pumps and pearls party to celebrate corks fashion week. 
@emmaglet hmmmm i opted for the black dress over jeans, but i DO like your idea!!! and shall wear THAT until i need to put on the dress 
okkk just 7 pairs of new shoes to wear, not too bad 
@TysonJayRitter  where did you buy these shoes? I love them 
@professorpixel not really... they're just fashion victims 
@riblah jacket's awesome! wear it this week 
@annamccarthy1 and that's only for your shoes 
knife-wrench!!! i love scrubs 
@BOBreynolds - hey!  where is south jersey do you live?
got the coolest gloves today they can turn into mittens  and only 2 weeks till i get a web slider =]
just finished the ironing  suitcase is ready (3) (243)
@Knittalottia It was so much fun that I'm tempted to go get a bunch of men's jeans at a thrift store so I can do more 
Is completely surrounded by pakistani clothes hehe. So much color. 
@MariaKanellis waiting to see your apple bottom jeans 
@rpmadx im on my way w black dress and black heels! 
hello new skirt and sandals  - http://tweet.sg
off to find some cool cruising clothes  
still in jammies 
@jademaid I'm still in my pj's too 
I don't often have cause to say this, but I think my boobs are too big for this dress. 
I hope that I can tomorrow morning wear my new jacket 
@oyvind I think the expression is &quot;wet your pants&quot; 
@djknucklehead to get to sleep, just think about you dropping your pants to me in cardiff on 16/02/09 .... i remember, do you?  xo
@Ryoou The boots are freaking great. 
went shoe shopping  i got wedges after i tried on like every shoe in my size lol
@cherbob hehe  my blades are stored in the wardrobe, I feel bad for them...
@smoulderingsea You have my sympathy.  I feel the same way about dresses &amp; heels.  You'll survive, though.  
@PembrokeDave I'll get your coat! 
@cacaumartins cool bags! 
i'm packing my bags.. we're visiting the province.. so nice to be back.. a'ight? 
@louiebaur I bet i'd like your skateboards better! 
@xoLiiNHH lol. i got jeans again :] &amp;&amp; a shirt 
Looking for Crocs - give backs up to 70%, but the queing is very long .... so .. tomorrow I'll take a leaf to go there ...  
 I adore leather corsets.
midwest horse fair was good! i got new breeches an english saddle bag, and a bridle bag 
picked my wedding dress 
really wants a pair of ksubi jeans  and intends to get them
@pob34 white hoodie for me then.lol 
got black skinny jeans XD    now am watching twilightt 
@quinnifer_ hahaha. well you're welcome m'dear  I don't even need new jeans!! but mum insists on &quot;new winter pants&quot;
Trying to go to bed. Not tired at all though. Wearing my grey and red unbreakable t-shirt 
@Sherbertuk 10lb is brilliant. You'll soon be fitting into that dress (if you aren't already!)... keep it up 
@jonshute I shall login and make you a tonne of hats, just tell me colour and I'm off 
Starting up the other site  www.zazzle.com/HarvickDesign    ...Obama Shirts are up now
finished painting roomm  we had to do 5 coats! ahh
Watching top gear. You can never watch too much top gear 
has changed into her pj's.  i actually sewed them myself. 
@TheComputerNerd do you own any cologne? that's for your Q&amp;A. 
has just gone through my entire wardrobe looking for the perfect summery outfit....i love how i can finally do that!! 
Shirt printers, that is 
heh, my interview suit's skirt is much tighter about the hips than it used to be. 
Making a purple pindotted motorcycle jacket 
on the bus. and i noticed no one wears my shoes 
@MagpieSparkles haha they are fantasy shoes! 
i want a fail-whale t-shirt 
@kiranchetrycnn Your flats are if you need to run somewhere fast and also to give you some relieve from your uncomfortable heels, right? 
Walking around in sandals and rain coat really brings me back to the time when I was 18 and stubborn 
After a month of asking to get a new pair of jeans, I finally have one. YEY! ilovemysistah.ilovemysistah.ilovemysistah! 
the cardigans - for what it's worth  
@shaunjumpnow and did he have awesome shoes ??? like yours??? im just asking 
@mattyyboyy jersey is mad close we be chillin 
@ncbeets Did you wear a red jacket today on your bike? I think you passed me &amp; the munchkin. 
stuck in english. loving my new boots and purse today. thank you street vendor for fake fendi 
@Flowerbellelee lol no i just like the quote. got it out of kimora lee's book Fabulosity  thanx though
@SACLAIBORNE I have leopard print fleece for myself, I just have to make it 
@macNC40 shorts with leggings or stalkings that you can take of after work 
changed my tires. . . and got my first tattoo.. woooop. i must admit it looks fking hottttttt 
@dejadela good. staying busy, wearing many hats! 
@DarthShalom i definitely love shoes. u know im 6'2&quot; im about to twitpic the shoes i wore the other day 
@rbuerckner They're jealous of pink ugg boots, clearly 
Aww, you're not dull @trollied. (I'll get my coat 
@jaredleto http://twitpic.com/3jzmw - I think that's your plaid shirt! 
@ginasaharudin i love jay jays.. good decently priced clothes 
@jghull must be tough, working on a site full of bikini-clad ladies 
wearing these hight heels  !!!
MUCH warmer walk today. T-shirt and sunglasses no less 
just got back from town.. and  with me I had a brand new pair of jeans and a kick ass hoodie! 
@nikkyl17 Your shoes are awesome 
I really wish I could find some cool new workout clothes 
Finally got my first cup of coffee, had 2 tighten my belt on my jeans woo hoo hopeing the weight is going to fall off quick 
My sisters modeling wedding dresses, she be fierce 
is watching What Not To Wear 
Going through old clothes and getting a major ego boost because they FIT ME again. 
@futuredirected Yay for public domain! I'll put it on a t-shirt. 
@TheDelicious white jeans sound like a method for measuring toxins in your environment. wear them for a week and see what colors show up 
@YogaArmy must be some pretty hot clothes 
@lostorbit *tips my hat to you* 
@laurakstyle ok, i have GOT to see this hat! 
@mversion You got any more of those masks? 
just came back from op shopping in wynnum there are so many 2nd hand stores!! bought 6 tops/tees, 2 bags, earrings and a bracelet 
yay for corsets!! 
watching sisterhood of the traveling pants 2 
@porridgelady but at least you have the bags 
@BrownLadyDee hiiiii doll 
@despairxfactor I liked your necklace 
tennis in a few mins. wonderful wheather! and i need new shoes 
We're getting ready to ge shopping - in diapers  Need to get some shorts and skirt for summer vacation...
@RealBillBailey and the corby trouser press 
@soccerlyds http://twitpic.com/4e7gs - I love that shirt. It's so sweet. Awww... 
@salspizza could be a good idea, or tee-shirts with our numbers on them.... 
@PetalOfRed maybe you should  in caps!
@shanghaishak indeed, found it mate. Hatching some plans for some funky T-Shirts as we speak 
@mailchimp you guys got shirts? where to get them? i love your chimp 
@andyclemmensen andy, i just want to dance with your shirt off 
watching gok's fashion fixxx 
@demib @fantomaster - when you two guys fight over cloaking terminology - we'd all better don our black hats 
With alishaanti, going to new jersey for bamboooozle ! 
@suzicatherine sounds like a good wardrobe  I had to buy shoes, trousers, shirt and a tie for a funeral as I owned no smart clothes at all
@jewels37 I'll say... Impressed if you do! 
@GeoffJones fabtastic hot sunny day here...  just right for my posh skirt and red shoes 
@KrisColvin would like a mask 
@KrisColvin I mean would like to have a mask 
@hellorhiannon footless tights, the top that i wore yesterday. i feel and look like a tramp 
@olliandlime love shoes. lurve shoes. esp red shoes.  waiting on red boots to arrive from hoof so I can feed daughter's shoe fetish 
@kirstinchloex i love you more babydoll!  
Getting ready to go shoe shopping  YAY can't wait!!!
@stonerich I'd rather have Prada giveaways any day! I was given the coffee by a girl. I'm just charmin' like that 
@TheBobBlog  so, do we get an after pic too? sans shirt? lol  have a good workout
going to try on wedding dresses! 
got my little black dress on and im going out for lunch 
@Stacerella I always keep a couple of bags of skinny clothes as motivation. 
Out o f the shower... wearing  new fav graphic tee from justice!!!! Skiny jeans i (L) my hair wet up in  a bun! And comffy brwn socks on! 
my head and my throat hurt and I cant remember how I got into PJs last night...what a good time 
@Fearnecotton dermot is soooooo hot  i bet he looked cute in his little checked shirt lol.
.. now I remember it. I also had shorts, a cap and shades on  I was crusin for a stylin' - he was crusin' for a brusin'
Just passed good old little britches! Haha 
@swaeshampine hey now, the unisex isn't my fault. And you should stop not fitting into my hoodies. 
@nessa_all_over &amp; @xxlaura are little depressed penguins wit collowerd hoodies and white masks on 
is washing jacks pants 
@EternalEsme That dress is adorable!!! 
@mrskutcher Lanvin is amazing,::swoon::To some people, unbelievably so, it is news. IMO, that's not expensive, not for Lanvin 
@AmmerieRain The suggested uniform 
had an awesome time at the concert tonight! Now I gotsta sleep for my first day at BCBG tomorrow!  
The ladies like the jacket. Yes, the patch of the flag us backwards.  http://yfrog.com/e63rlj
@taylorswift13 can you tell me what it said in the shoe?? 
@pj_endrinal but he can read what we are replying, right? 
is very excited for sushi. You can't join unless you're in a costume or a wacky outfit. I'm dressing up as a schoolgirl!   #fb
@kphomma Wear a mask. He may infect you with the swine flu. He's mexican. 
I look good in leather 
http://tinyurl.com/c8q9r5 - Citymarket - In citymarket and Ellu and Josso is trying on shoes 
just giggled remembering one of the judges asked if he should wear a tux.  I hope he does.  #imaginecup 
@renailemay lol 10yrs older &amp; I'm yet to have a real leather jacket 
@wetweekend join our club beth, we have hoodies with embossed logos. 
@coreyyyy I'm only comfortable without a shirt... local style. 
is with mummy finding oxfam clothes. ew. wearing a silly hat and silly glasses.  i feel like tramp. )))) x
@moose73 Ooooooooo 80's fashion &amp; hairstyles....so chic 
@ShellyWoo There's some in my handbag. In the mobile pocket  x
gont home at 2:45 went to bed at 3:15. now im getting ready for church and can find my dress pants might have to go with out them 
@CokoClemons send twitpics of clothes so I can feel better 
@hasinamin some dark denim jeans and some light ones, a blue top, pj slacks, a pair of knickers and a green belt ! 
@unmarketing LOL! don't forget to post a pic of that T-shirt 
@jordanknight What?  Why don't you give the shirt to a fan 
Is a little worn from yesterdays festivities, but it's not as bad as I expected 
is dancing in her pj shorts listening to your playlist. MUWAH 
got new shoes. 
is happy, just brought new shoes, new top and new dress 
@jordanknight it's your shirt, your choice. 
@evitacaipirinha I like half sleeves 
@louisebolotin wow, reminds me of last year when I assembled two bookcases and two canvas wardrobes by myself ha-ha 
just went for a big shop at Topshop  yaha.
@mikesessler did you remember to put your pants on? 
shopping my closet; I found leopard tights, a red sonia rykiel sweater, and a sequined shrug.. screams for a flashy outfit 
who wears short shorts? i wear short shorts!! NOT. 
@tommcfly like.. touring in america? haha.   i'm buying your hoody and the t-shirt with a mic and lightening bults!! can't wait!! 
i got a new scarf, it's blue with peace signs on it. 
@smoulderingsea ...wear a hat? 
@heidimontag wow. your dress was realllly pretttttttttty 
@zachsang american apparel sweatshirtssss.hollister polos 
making myself a livelavalive shirt 
I love the look of clean, stuffed and folded cloth diapers  
lol. he's the got mexican who wears slouchy beanies 
@studGlam  just as soon as I finish folding clothes
@_annella You should totes share that with me so I don't have to wait to read it. 
@andreaj27 been there,,, still there.,...but he can't complain when he runs out of clean clothes  I taught mine how to do his at 10
@lizzilathers are you wearing your red stripe shirt? 
(: over my fixed broken-braces! 
I love my new nightgown, too.  I has a penguin on my belly.  
@DramaBeats I'm glad that you stopped yourself from buying purple jeans colored jeans on guys is not good!  stick with regular jeans 
@jayjcee lol..you're just jealous of my red boots. 
finally! home sweet jersey!  now back to work..lol
/me hands @tabatha_akers a snuggie 
@taurenlegend meaning that you are fashion, yourself?? haha  i see no scarf on your page! but that is definitely one maanlyy pose goin onn
got my free mary green panties today. they came in an adorable little bag with a sweet note from mary herself. 
@SamExpanded ohmygosh! I grew up on bananas in pajamas  i still have recorded tapes of it!
so the count is up to: 2 bags, 2 clutches, 6 wallets. the wallets don't count so i've got, 17 more bags to cut. time for snack. 
@chrisMibacache it was tiring cos i barely sat down..i was walking around for hours lol um i bought new jeans &amp; a cardigan 
@ivyandres its a nice pair of shoes. i checked other nike shoes if its worth buying... it is 
This may sound stupid... but i just bought a mask 
@RopeMarks You're gonna wear pink outfits??? I assume she bought it for you 
@uhandbag I will  I enjoyed doing the peg bags, I've adapted the design for a tote bag  Bit cuter than I normally do 
@Emmieman and what a scary reflection it was! thought you were going to wizz your pants 
@rylie023 i think you'd look cute in the beanie hat 
@alexcashcash you guys need to come to somewhere in like philly or somewhere in north jersey 
Here why I like jeans  http://tinyurl.com/csbo8s
better go and put my clothes on guys.. even if P.J's are warm and moveable 
likes patricia's dress 
ordered my new shirt 
I just got my leavers do dress!!!! 
@dermaesthetix I empathise luvvie, I dont personally understand a grown mans need to dress in tartan in search for a little white ball 
@ddlovato who said demi can't wear her Converse with her dress oh baby, that's just demi. 
still shopping and looking for shoes now 
@shadrach I'm just following you because we're both wearing Converse 
oo. and studied today outside after having a ben+jerry's.. wearing a sundress, hopefully didn't get an awkward tan line.. haha! 
@moonfrye I thought I was the only one with the tags on the outside of my shirt 
who said i can't wear my converse with my dress? 
walking by the water in annapolis with froyo and no shoes 
Crabs are amazing...well as long as they're not in your pants. 
@Alonis lol &quot;guys in their wet suits&quot;, I should go to the beach and view girls in wet suits 
@johncmayer any gear you don't use anymore and want to throw away? 
Just had an amazinq qirls-niqht-out. I quess its always qreat to have an excuse to wear tiny dresses &amp; heels 
Happiness is like peeing your pants...nobody can see it but only you can feel it's warm sensation 
buy one of my shirts at http://www.districtlines.com/revertfashion you know you want to 
well i guess it all depends,undergarments. 
@richa_august84 hahahaha now that is a spooky wish babes  how about a lifetime supply of shoes with matching bags and constant weight?
@kayleelovexx love those panties 
Excited!!! Trousers on their way from Topshop, should be here in a couple of days 
@fashion_retweet I do my best - that's why running skirts are on the scene as well 
I am in a middle of a industrial estate in pirate ffancy dress,ready to do a 7 mile walk 
@djmoonlight Yay! I dont have one  lol All of my clothes go in draws... I dont have many and I need a place for my high heel shoes 
I have new slippers! They are piggys! So so cute and very warm 
Sunglasses whores   http://twitpic.com/4wtzj
i wanna work in a nice clothing shop.... i want cheap nice clothes 
i want sexy pants  and jb3d.. we worked out a plan.
My socks DO match. They're the same thickness. 
My socks DO match. They're the same thickness. 
watching 'junior' in joggy bottoms and a pj top 
:O nick is wearing sweatpants lol. frankieeee 
Today I ran out in to the ran in shorts and t-shirt and just walked around a bit, sometimes it's nice to be reminded you are alive 
going to the cape for the dayy 
it might look like I'm wearing clothes.. but #nopants, I swear!  &lt;3 http://tinyurl.com/q2kwnp
The Pope's been known to wear red Prada shoes!! ooh fancy!!! 
@ThatGirlEmily can you draw on my shoes? 
@mrstessyman sounds a frustrating yarn  Where as my sock is going great guns &amp; nearly up to the heel!
at the tireshop....again. hopefully we close early  found a new bracelet :]
I got those shoes I've been eyeing for. 
new casual dresses make me happy 
@xryan89 I miss you uggs!!  lol
@AshFreakinLey nice shorts... show me your brassiere  heheheh
Thinking of putting a pair of high wasted skinny jeans on layby next week... need some more winter clothes 
@elessar777 cannot be trusted around white clothes. just saying. 
@snarkyrainbow I don't think I have any goofy hats that you haven't seen. I'll have to go to a hat shop and take some. 
@ghostwunder trousers and top 
@Countesscupcake hehehe, did you manage to find a pair of high waisted? 
@ceazar well now he can afford to buy new clothes! 
FINALLY got some Gucci I will sleep as a happy woman tonight 
i'd forgotten how nice it feels to have on new shoes 
@zoetheshort blanket kittehs are the best. I have several. 
@AaliyahLove69 cute panties! love the belly chain &amp; necklace 
@kBROwn49 you just betta know how to tie a bowtie  lol
i feel very brit musician today - wearing a 1 button jacket with scrunch up sleeves  hahaa
history of fedora by gregdek rolling  #fad #dgplug #coolnewstuff #fedora
@kailove pink nails on the men without pants or on you? either way i'm thinking that is good times. 
I can haz shiny new shoes  http://twitpic.com/555vo
@matthewlesh casual clothes tommorw 
@bodybag i hope you do too 
#netprophet @art2gee dress code for unmentionables, approved 
@tracky_dacks I'm working on my networking 
Off shopping for shoes and perfume!!!.....perfect day 
@Nickinoo85 LOL.. well I wasnt originally talkin bout u but if the strait jacket fits, haha... j/k 
@rafflesbizarre nuuuu haiiirrr. and nuuuu dress maybe too. and to top it off i shall be making sushi with dean 
bought high waisted grab jeans for $70!! 
@MarielleBait our african doll is so colorful 
@theredwitch but I have a fabulous jacket I want to fit into! I wish to cater to my vanity. 
@defdreadda no my sweater is i only rock vans and lanvins 
I love my dress!! it makes me feel awesome  its amazing how clothes can make you feel.
@cynensemble *waves* diggin the bracelet 
got two new garfield vest tops  oh god i cant find a swimsuit which suits me! theyre all too small! lmao
Expressing  my rights to bare arms...I put on a sleeveless blouse today!! 
has just bought loads of new clothes! 
@martingoode no worries, they loved my jeans and mid life trainers 
@jenjenlawrence HAHA I know!  I saw the big chunk of turqoise last weekend and said that would be a great necklace for you 
@davidbeking There's nothing wrong with being goofy!  Wear your badge proudly my friend!
@kristen_layton if its the ruffle tank, old navy 
really  tired going to sleep, i made a tie dye shirt today  its cool
@Gilamuffin yes!! every women needs one   I heart your necklace
I L??ve my new shoes 
@wingthing i said &quot;i wanna have my hair cut like her, wear black dress like that and wear a hat like that&quot; !!     
I have gotten like a BILLON cloths from my cousin. I need more hangers!!! 
http://twitpic.com/5cays - i am completely and uterly inlove with my dress. 
@HeyAmaretto I love the tiara! It is *so* &quot;YOU&quot;!   
shares i love lace!!!!!    http://plurk.com/p/u9gut
@LLLukeWilliams It's a big step for me  I realized I was buying size 34 shorts for the length. Now I'm wearing shorts that fit.
@mikeyway http://twitpic.com/5bgm6 - I have this Shirt! 
@LaurenConrad love the hat you wear it very well! 
@drealRobPat ok so i saw an interview of you and you said how many pairs of pants you had...what did you say??? 
just got back from swimming with heather rose and pj. now going on a walk! 
went with tam to go to a tux fitting. have been visiting photographers, dressmakers and such in prep for the wedding 
@taupecat ha! i already put it in my bag. 
@MalcolmIngram He makes me smile in my pants too 
Resistance *is* futile...especially with japanese silk bondage rope. 
@FizzyDuck i wonder if they do that pattern in hiking boots 
@ShantalFashions GO TO polyvore.com if you and fashion 
@annelidworm should be there to laugh at your bra shortly 
Just wlked on rope in wii fit! Haha 
There is a guy here wearing the same women's teal v neck t shirt as I am.... Personally I think my boobs look better in it 
Just a simple wave of hello makes my day. Thanks Chanel  haha
@18percentgrey Is the _ _ _ hat fits... 
made my first apron! gretel will be proud 
They are light blue and very sheer with lace and so soft - worth every penny 
i love boy sweatshirts. 
@davidschneider Wouldn't it be easier to don a gimp costume? 
Heading downtown on the lookout for sneakers 
@freddurst I better bring a jacket then. 
Ladies and gentlemen, THIS is how you make use of a wind machine. #eurovision. @poptrashmusic, maybe it'll blow his shirt off 
The race today it seems! But off to buy a pair of running shoes and a earring for my new piercing 
#eurovision - valenki - winter boots  i normal'no )
I need to go to sleep alreadyz.  ANDDDDD I have the most wonderful boyfriend  He bought me new clothes from A.Apparel. 
@EmandSamMac you really do love your heels..i do to. 
@Jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/58grb hard one is joe in the blue or checked shirt? seriosuly they look the sameeee! haha 
@iluvmyjewel @islandgirl3572  brb gtting stoopid grad. cloths on haha
@sooberlee totes. It adds a whole new flavourr 
@kellycdb I just managed to staple my notes to my cardigan sleeve...maybe photographic evidence of that? 
@Aligubbs you are so so naughty - must be all the extra dresses  you need to get hubby to do the washing like I do!!
@Kohls_Official I have to say, I'm cracked up that Kohls has a twitter!  I got some summer clothes with my coupon, I love those big ones!
@TamiFromMiami was a great night!! They had a fashion show Basically models wore real flower dresses!  The dresses did smell really good!
@cyh3772 wear those woolly socks from woolies! So comfy and keeps your feet so warm 
going prom dress shopping!! 
@charingkam you're not the only one; the Topshop ones are still in sight... 
Finishing mask, maybe shopping, getting pretty, banquet 
enjoying my new grad dress 
Two skirts, two pairs of leggings and one shirt. I'm an innovative genius 
Just bought some cool short shorts 
@ILovePudding i have just made two of your fab belts my very own! i am so excited 
backpack seems to be big enough... lucky me. 
With karyssa, dereka and brianna working on our dress 
Dress shopping 
http://twitpic.com/5dd2j - these are mah fluffy socks 
@thefurturesyer  I don't know what I would do if there was no online shopping. At least I'll good when I leave later with my new clothes 
@kornuts or hit them with our paper fans because we have to have them or are lady attire would def be lacking and we cant have that, 
spring cleaning - need any clothes? Various sizes 
can't wait to see @krystle1302  dress 
Marks first communion...he looks so grown up in his little coat 
searching various men's clothing sites - yes, that is what i do 
freshly showered. heading out to get my grad dress soon 
@highclasswhore yayyyyy      find your shoes?
@sarahbarkley I need some clothes 
going out...my shoes are super hot 
Working triathlon = getting up at 5 +surfboard +$70 + free shirt and food.Totally worth it! 
@chipototle Your mom is hella funny  It's freakin hot! I need more dresses and sandals and hats.
igot my grad dress yesterday  its this awesome bohemian print.
@willwallguy I don't own socks, but I do like yours! 
http://twitpic.com/5dh7h - my shirt!!! it's not finished though. haha 
http://twitpic.com/3fk3m - they look soo cute!  haha i picked out her dress! and the shades!
@cupcakes5  'fun ruining, starched pants, thunder stealing knucklehead'  That's quite the monicker.        I wouldn't dare stop you...
@WeTheTRAVIS its cold, but may be warm. wrap up just incase. you can always take clothes off. if it rains, i'll buy you an umbrella 
@HDTHEAGENCY I'm trying to get in on one of those jeans ads! What up? 
@peetbbm i am sat in a car (still) with socks and shoes on so yes i have tried socks :p 
@gelly_belly awwiee *huggies you back*  
Is hopin to find a gem of a wardrobe in the second hand showroom n glam it up with a gulded mirror 
I got a dress for the dance! 
Vhjxsuiuyt! I found the perfect dress for larry's wedding  yayayayayay!
@Dangerous_Lilly *nodding* I'm an 8 1/2 and a Crocs 8. Depending on the style. If they run large, I just dryer-shrink them 
...also, got a tie-dye sweatshirt, a bracelette, a necklace, and ... I think that's it. 
@mmitchelldaviss i have my bamboozle shirt on! 
@feedmedrinkme have you changed over the drapes and bedcovers  Feels good though  . . .
@AshPash I'd be satisfied with that as my after.  I've got to get in gear.
@cadencejunkie once i get my new tires I want a photoshoot! 
@zestylime what? dirty talk? making the panties tingle? 
@justlikeanovel  you should. I made you your very own dogtags
@alexalbrecht @jeffcannata @DannyTRS You guys will love today's woot shirt  http://shirt.woot.com/   http://bit.ly/2pntNx
@Jennybeeean shirt and skinny jeans.. 
@marreka clothes!  more clothes than I've ever bought in one session 
@L_Dsquared i reckon, they should make a parody on heroes 
@ellieowen1 I'm in love w/ maxi dresses for the weather right now 
has a new pair of running shoes, thanks to a very generous brother 
my new pjs are very comfortable 
@shelliwazzu I take nappies too 
@ellieowen1 Honestly, it depends on the woman.. I love dresses that tend to dip low in the back 
Such a comfy beddd 
loving my stolen jackets replacement 
It's (new, hot pink) ugg-boots, cup of tea and Timtam weather 
@missy_jade well dnt wear tights that wuld fit me and ull b fine 
@simoncurtis aww!! You looked so cute in your outfit! 
@kinokofry Are those those mittens that are also gloves?  Those are so awesome. 
@Rawrrgasmic Depends on what outfit you're wearing and weather but Jeans are always good 
@RebeccaLange  I've raised three, I have one or two wily tricks up my sleeve.
new T-shirt  so funny )
@panties105 gud morning sweetness 
@murrion Is there a full sized manakin wearing a wedding dress stuffed in to one of the drawers?  
is up and going clothes shopping later at last some new clothes 
I rather like to wear clothes. 
listening to music and doing a catwalk. 
#3turnoffwords I'm wearing tights! 
i love the benedictine necklace 
@matsubunny i'm imagining it right now. the perfect interview dress. not too formal, not too casual. just right! 
@xmelaniex7 I have been known to wear the occasional coconut bra (and grass skirt). I think the halter top might be a bit over the top 
@HMTaylor no more of a complete dork than I am for I would also wear the shirt in my size 
just ordered some things of asos that i meant to do yesterday and forgot  horsey tee &amp; earrings. saved some money for holiday/ldn as well.
is going to head out to the shops and is determined to find herself a pair of cowboy boots 
So I was excited to hear about #Chucks renewal.  While I loved how they ended the finale I can not wait to see more. 
curly hair+new plaid shirt+new black jean short+new purple converses=good day 
@nanoraptor boots  you got enough ram
I have new socks on 
@TotalResults the Mimco one looked a bit odd, so got a little leather Kookai cap instead  *in love*
@prgeek did you run out of pasta or need some new shoes?  switzerland is close so drop by for some chocolate ;)
Early morning with grumpy pants 
@nickhomer haha we'll see  got to get my outfit!
@DaivRawks At least you didn't pack one brown dress shoe and one black one. I knew someone who did that once! 
bought a blythe doll 
@MichaelHewitt have you tried ear-muffs?  
I think even pessimists would get a kick (or perhaps punch) out of this shirt.  http://tinyurl.com/osor7q
@Nonitrix wow.. cool.. you design your own tees.. my friend and i will be designing graphic tees too.. 
A pretty dress can always make you feel better! 
love being able to wear sandals, shorts and a t-shirt to work. 
should i be concerned that the government (@georgiagov) is following me?  where are the tinfoil hats?  
hot pink checker skirt, pyramid waist belt, OTS top, cross choker, black lace leggings, and suede ankle boots. that's the plan 
@DaivRawks We need a pick of the suit, tie, and sneakers....hehe 
Wow, loafers and stockings and shoulder bag!! On a purple motorcycle 
@sebastianbach I won't ask about the lycra shorts again, promise 
getting the roof repaired = sexy guys working with their shirts off  
i'm in a new outfit today=D cute blue shirt white shorts with leggings for dance 
My tank on warcraft now has her first 2 pieces of tier 7 equipment! I suppose now is the time to stop wearing my Defias armor set 
Where can we buy THE bracelet?  I want one! haha!!!
Interesting... I want to have a black mannequin! 
@emilyhayes is that why you carry smaller purses now?  he
@shuntlai is down again, even at pj  as usual...
@XoEgee i would never wear the golf shoe macbeth's 
damn my pins rub against my boots, trainers required! 
@karinb_za I forgot to tell you, I's got me twlt t shirt on under my jersey 
@kawehdashti she could give me the dress first 
Someone named nicole aka @nikisunshine bought me a lovely Famous Stars and Straps shirt. Thanks love 
@ellimist1313 a knitted sweater, dork   
is heading out to the aquarium today, in lovely new flat, grippy, comfy, stretchy (men's!) shoes 
@imakereality well since you will be trying to slay the lochness I'm thinking a kilt needs to be in action 
has just cheered herself up and bought a new pair of ugg boots.. happy days.. more shopping to be done me thinks.... next.. holiday 
is pretty much sorted for the ball!!! YEYYYYY, got my shoes and dress 
just bought a pcd necklace &amp; a earmuff thingo 
@NinjaFanpire nothin much. went shoppin earlier got clothes and awesome haircut! 
has functioning bubble guns  *yay* but has absolutely not idea where she's put her garment bags *sigh* but it's almost the weekend 
@magicman247 I left out the &quot;wears women's clothing and hangs around in bars&quot; bit! 
why are cola sour straps addictive? lol,.#shaundiviney #shortstack listening to radiooo 
@pet2107  good.. ah i need socks so bad my toes are going to fall off
@chanosky oooops I meant t-shirt! 
bought 5 pairs of shoes, a skirt, 2 jackets, a bag, a dress and a pair of jeans today. That's what i call a successfull shopping trip 
@walgman and stupid trousers 
@marlaimperial Who is getting married and wow, that is a nice dress! Where are you getting these? I want 
Jerseys highh todayy? 89 degreeees!!!!!! 
@WonderCaitlin yes, I'll bring them tonight  I got the short, I was feeling pretty daring :x hence the tights lol
surrounded by pillows 
@smileKuzya  is it a white belt? 
@misscbear You should never feel that you can't find fashionable shoes in your size.  http://www.zappos.com/shoes I think we can help 
@Leonormsilva Dress down beats casual friday every day, specially friday 
Shopping with my daughter. very strange  buying new shoes, shoes, shoes.
Washed clothes and all the dishes 
@ndmLA you can borrow mine but you have to promise to take a pic wearing it 
@kimforemann mines black and short , lol LBD 
bought myself a new top, new pair of shoes and new pj's...why do I always feel so bad spending $ on myself?  bleh!   Sporkiness 
Too hype for caps and gowns 
@bambamonline lol, really? broads were in bikini's and shit over on flatbush. i'm definitely wearing sandals today though 
No socks required..no closed toes shoes required..no hats, scarves, gloves, coats, windsheild scrapers, just walk out and go! 
basketball shorts and tanks, who knew that'd be so attractive? 
The best intern T-shirts ever      http://ow.ly/8sPM
@MyMelange thankfully the pigeon crapped on my Gucci sunglasses &amp; miraculously missed most (almost) of my head 
dress as someone weilding a sword ?? i know ill be there with my sword 
@rkcoo pastelcolor?cute?fashion? 
#followfriday @aussieBum  for all the twit pics of male models  @fastidiousbabe  &amp;  @jetsetsocialite  for all the cool fashion updates 
has a new haircut. but my fringe is too short  gonna wear a paper bag until its grown out 
@chrisdavidmills um, you must have a bootleg copy. mine starts with pseudo silk kimono 
@dsedey That happened to me, too, last autumn! And they haven't come back...need to get smaller clothes 
@petiteandchic I have dressy tops, tunics (short &amp; long), few brocade jackets, sarees and churidaars. Also embellished bags 
@jborget lol and what outfit would that be? 
@Urbanestics for your screen printing, are you able to get the american apparel shirts wholesale? my friend was looking into ordering 
@kariebookish knit it now, wear i later 
has a new pair of shoes so is happy 
@rjamestaylor @minter you know I HAVE TO see this shirt now!!! 
@dzuelke Catch me between sessions. I'll take an Agavi shirt in your size.  #tek09
@tylerryan will you be wearing guyliner??  How are you?
Doooes anyone know wherei can get a nice dress?!? That isn't off asos?? 
Going to 47 to buy shoes 
@what_am_i lol why on earth are you wearing a tight little dress to work? uch.. im just happy its jeans day 
Note: if you have hairy shoulders you should wear a shirt ot shave...not a tank top to show it off!!  
buying some emu boots for winter 2009 
#followfriday @noeasybeads I am lucky to own one of her beautiful beaded bracelets!! 
@MontiLee LOL, thanks doll 
@CherryPiePunk hopefully it wont be too long...the shirts are printed on american apparel so good quality.. 
@robes1000 hahaha yeah always. you tooo 
hey!  im at home  i bought a new T-shirt  its black with blue and pink stars on it  i loooove it 
@tommcfly die hard...in my pants ahaha good old ghost hunting with mcfly  whenever i hear that or 'free willy' i always think of it LOL xx
is getting the cooolest t-shirt tomo 
watchin the devil wears prada 
@JessicaNTurner @hydrochic - check out their suits!  
@NeshiaCharnise all your clothes are biggy now that you shrank 
can i make a dress out of a swath of silk organza and some safety pins?? you bet your ass i can! and it was bloody gorgeous too. le sigh 
Watching i love lucy, then sleeping.  my favorite.
Hey jacob!! I hope your mom didn't notice the make up stains on your shirt!  lol
@chrystallJane Aww I want a bucket of merch! 
@RayLevesque pfft, nonsense. just keep socks on 
@ElizabethThe i was listening to leather and lace earlier and thought of you 
Going to bed  i love my new pants  &lt;3333
@myria101 did you buy those fug boots?....NO, but yes I bought those rockin wedges 
@mattsn0w is it the learning to walk in heels? 
lol@ those cut off jeans with the pockets hanging down ...i love jimmy kimmel 
@LimeIce and I'm assuming the dress will be lime green as well! 
@rachelmcadams Have you ever worn a canadian tuxedo? 
@BikePure Just put in my order for a BikePure jersey 
Just did the daily specials. On tap today, finish the necklace I am working on and them make pride earrings. 
I'll play with the clothes in here, and I'll be back later, instead. 
@brookelovesyoux shorts! 
@khalil8 pants n tube top to go out hells no...lol im always wearing mini dresses n skirts 
@MrsPinkyIvory your dress was very pink  lol..don't be surprised when all these pink jockers wearin that same dress on their myspace lol
thinking you guys should go buy yourselfs a shirt www.RobotRebel.net  
@icerocket They're not..the media talking about them is! Ugg, tired of hearing about it! 
@brendonuriesays Only if you give me diamonds to wear on the soles of my shoes 
@tamstyles Yes I did!! I am loving that bag on your blog. How is L.A.M.B.'s handbag quality? Never picked up one for myself -- yet!. Haha 
@TokyoChaos . Yes ma'am it does. But you looked pretty in your dress! 
@mytweeny Don't be scared to try it on...if all else fails  wear ur small wrestling team shirt 
just pooped my pants... i love when i do that 
where are mi earrings?? 
@StevenSimmons @adamvender Shirts have been found! We can all rest easy now! 
@starbreatherluv i love playing dress up! i promise to bring classy and pretty and all that jazz to your wedding. lol, no lakers. 
@loganaw well haha i was goin to say that you were being awesome and rocking some plaid pjs. the shirt is cool too tho 
@yulianasari but i hate my shoes they are too small maybe.. but i like them 
@sanjukta  base brown  sleeveless tee with multicolor linings and blue  little faded jeans folded till knee , got it 
@Lilixbabi3 so would u rather have a guy with a lambo/house that has bad shoes or a broke dude with good shoes?!!? 
off to get pick up my deb dress 
In my jammies gettin' ready for bed 
Hairs did, make up and clothes and i'm good to go 
@okustir i saw! but at least you look good in yours. i don't even look good in the shirt. you can wear it to the beach. and with pants. 
@bittenbefore LOL i have no problems with matching skirts or outfits 
Just bought some more studs 
http://twitpic.com/666kr - Here's another one. I just noticed that he likes wearing plaid shirts (like this one), plus his smile. 
@awesomeful hopefully so, if you're here we can totes work out together 
#youknowyouareal80'sbaby if you owned a pair of rollerblades! 
@stfallen what, wear them on his fists? 
@lexpretend 'looking good in that Gucci bikini...' 
@georgiamarbles Your aprons are great!  
