Most common words for this cluster:
[('coffee', 986), ('tea', 441), ('cup', 209), ('starbucks', 162), ('morning', 50), ('amp', 45), ('day', 44), ('today', 42), ('time', 36), ('cups', 31), ('latte', 27), ('milk', 26)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'coffee', 0.9150667190551758), (u'o_joe', 0.7500755786895752), (u'Wolfgang_Puck_gourmet', 0.7267795205116272), (u'latt\xe9', 0.7259577512741089), (u'Coffee', 0.7232527136802673), (u'tea', 0.7065125703811646), (u'coffees', 0.7004489302635193), (u'caramel_latte', 0.6972123980522156), (u'coffe', 0.6930228471755981), (u'Starbucks_coffee', 0.6883869171142578)]





@GABBYiSACTiVE brat! You have to rub it in, don't you.... I want a mocha 
aaaaand back to my literature review  At least i have a friendly cup of coffee to keep me company.
down to 2 packs of moroccan mint tea...and a whole truckloads of kenyan tea. 
just burnt my fingers on a hot cup of tea - ouch!!! 
Someone (@Ratsofatsorat) left a few sips of mocha in the reusable coffee mug.   Last week.  Now it's chunky 
has no milk for a cup of tea 
coffee @33 is turning into Starbucks (feral children-wise) 
is going to curl up with a cup of tea and a book and hope she feels better soon 
Starbucks. I need coffee!!!!!! Then school 
My tea is cold 
Knows I'm sick if I don't want coffee 
I think our coffee pot died 
My coffee was cold 
this coffee is not as good as normal 
@mandawahoo bummin that my local Starbucks has no more Doubleshots (cans). 
I'm trying to find a suitable replacement for diet soda....but this large unsweetened iced tea is gross 
@jessid33 I hope things start looking up soon  Coffee always helps me! 
second cup of coffee doesn't seem to be working 
The gassy girl wasn't there, and new girl did so awful I want to cry!!  Not even Coffee Coffee will make this better.  
@MoodySanguine I hear you! I just ran out and don't even have tea 
I really need coffee and I'm out of flavored creamer! I seriously can't stand plain coffee! 
I need coffee and breakfast but hubs won't wake up and bring it to me 
is sitting in a coffee shop @ the strip in Ttown watching it rain! 
So sad the hotel's cappaccino machine is set for decaf  #campcourage
eating frenchtoast &amp;  coffee in bed w dave! i had orange juice too but i just poured it all over myself 
Needs some coffee.  
@ohsoretro can I trade your day for mine?  Today is working, coffee coffee coffee, working, boring poli sci reading  oh and more coffee
just used my last tsp of coffee 
I still haven't found the coffee machine... 
Is covered in sweet tea 
@ddubsbostongirl @greekpeace Carys is ok, congrsted but happy still YAY! and I am ok, just trying 2 wake up sans Coffee 
Wondering I should have really had the coffee... now I can't sleep 
No patron in my cup 
I just made a cup of green tea and it tastes and smells  like fish.  
just spilled hot coffee all over myself running down the stairs at tribeca. I would 
man in monmouth coffee in c.garden so rude i walked out without coffee.  now i have no coffee 
sipping coffee and counting todays chores 
Not happy - drinking a pint of tea cos I don't have any coffee left 
@moonfrye coffee and reeses cups for me, but now I need to go to the gym and work off the reeses 
Ugh another 10 hrs of school.  need coffee!
Coffee....and then working from home 
@MichDdot Along with mine, my coffee magically disappeared tho. 
@itsmebrandon haha heyyy. i need coffee now. 
@_kristi no no, iced coffee and coffee roll is heaven on earth! im going to miss you so much over the summer 
Coffee is the Satan's piss, so why do I keep forcing myself to drink it?! 
coffee with bee. sunday tradition! but last one of the semester 
the espresso machine is out of action. 
eating doritos... all out of sola iced tea 
Arghhhh serious tea shortage... - just a bit of Gyokuro and Lapsang left in the caddies!... Matcha order a few days away 
I really do suspect that my woes will not be cured by a feeble decaf coffee 
i need coffee... the weekend was awful... i better get me some tea... 
My desk, keyboard and a number of documents smell very strongly of coffee following a coffee mug handling error earlier this morning 
I forgot to fill my water bottle when I made my breakfast.  I don't want to have to go back in there and run into the coffee freaks again 
is up and getting ready to go - no coffee for me 
headaaaaaaaaaaaaaache    and cough  tea &amp; toast? maybe...
Is tired as a mofo...gotta study for microbiology test  I need my fix...of Starbucks...that good stuff...caffeine is my crack...lol
@drfired I had a smoothie instead. I still need the blendtec though. 
stick with what you know, otherwise you will be drinking crappy coffee 
I just killed a good pot of coffee b/c I wasn't paying attention to it 
3rd cup of coffee...its not working 
managing keywords without coffee machine 
@christie430 I'm at Starbucks CommAve now getting sum wrk done. I need 2 head out 2 wrk on Bylsn l8r. No marathon festivities 4 me ths yr 
@maynaseric Never heard of Coffee Bean. Starbucks are aplenty - too much so. 3 shut down last year - 2 were new, 1 was by my house. 
is going to grab a nice, hot cup of coffee  Unfortunately, I have to go out in the cold to get it 
@KimBlairwitch - even the milk was off this morning, so no cup of tea! I hate weeks that start like this 
@MrsBeckie that's bad, bad, bad... I don't function without tea 
dunkin's coffee , kudu breakfast , and the mode still baaaaaad 
@newhallcoffee i actually just made instant coffee since i couldnt find our coffee maker, my mom hid it somewhere and forgot where. 
Coffee pot sounds kind of rough this morning, sounds like its struggling to survive. 
No milk = no coffee. 
 my coffee went cold
What are all these people doing up in the middle of the night?  I have an excuse, work  Could use a Starbucks about now... #ccn
Tea just doesn't taste the same with Soy milk 
we've ran out of coffee 
I want a mocha frappuccino now... 
I've just thrown coffee all over my keyboard 
@astridaml still care to sip a cup of coffee?? doktor nge-ban coffee  hiks!
@HeatherBestel oh so you all tweet from the same computer. family bonding lol  Tea, I just can't like any hot drinks  ...
@horrorbot Haha my chai mug 
i feel like a tea.. but we have no sugar 
@JDohy I made toast and tea..but then I eated it for myself....so.... 
@neilhimself I hate tea  it's the devils brew...
have a cup of coffee then i'll start coding , what else i can do ? 
ugh!!!....nordstrom cafe...once again 
@phelanfox I've got all the coffee stain and none of the Starbucks 
Coffee doesn't give me the happy buzz anymore.  I miss it.
Stopping at starbucks for a vanilla latte then off to work for me. 
UGH I am NOT gonna make it to Starbucks 2day I am so not happy 
feeling the effects of the venti chai 
got stressed out as i went beyond my grocery budget  and so destressing muna with coffee and cigs before i go home.
@saturnswirls Never had Celestial Seasonings, but I go through Twinings Chai like it's going out of fashion. I'm almost out as well. 
I'm out of coffee! 
@Claaairey aww clarieey  have a coffee
have worst headache  painkillers and coffee for me !
@Tea_Stacks ok so I know why I'm awake right now but I def would not be able to hang until now. I'm still kinda sick. 
Omfg I just want to god damn sleep!  I need coffee
Drinking coffee and reading an anarchist newsletter I got handed. Apparently I'm one of the bad guys 
I've lost @mrsmulwray to her new toy. Who will make me cups of tea on demand now?! 
coffee time! i miss my caramel macchiato 
dont you hate it when you dip your cookie in your coffee and half of it goes somewhere in your coffee  i miss my cookie.
i desperately want a smoothie right now. 
coffee but no cream 
Making mocha  i hate this
@AngelaGunn I want to make an expresso, but, I already made reg. coffee 
Feeling very lardy today.. But i've only had soup and a cup of tea since yesterday 
drinkin tea cuz my bffaa says i cant drink coffee tea isnt the same 
People at Starbucks have no identities. 
is home! Home with chocolate covered coffee beans! Almost missing the cold now that it's gone. 
wishing my coffee machine produced a better result 
oh, my. maid put a cup of coffee on my #xenocide 
Why don't they have competitions on Iced Tea lables, like they do on soft drink lables....I feel jipped.  I want tea...but I want to win 
is so sllepy.. too bad i left my vanilla tea at home  http://plurk.com/p/rokqu
Going to bed. I forgot about my sweet tea  now it's all watered down :/
this calls for a cup of bedtime tea, too bad i'm too lazy to get up and make it. aah i can't sleep!  
How is one to survive on coffee without sweeteners?!  However, I try... maybe caffeine's more potent bitter.
havin coffee, going home 
@shinysquirrel hmm ... i'm doing it everyday but i drink coffee ... and it works only sometimes  
Coffee machine won't work... It's frustrating 
Pissed about my coffee and my cup!  What a horrible way to start the day!  
3rd cup of coffee. Why am I so tired? I was in bed at 11 
drinking coffee, waiting for next big storm   
Doesn't want a coffee shop ceremony 
time for school. its going to be rough without my Starbucks 
don't talk to me until I've had my coffee 
I am the only one who didn't get my cappucino 
home from my trek, had tea at the T2 teahouse in macquarie ctr, interesting tea, but i didn't get to finish cos everyone wanted to leave 
...I just drank about 19oz of coffee... It wants a comeback versus my other 5oz. 
@whatchandrasaid i want iced tea. 
@JasonBradbury me too  /swigs coffee
@CarterRonson i know sad!  @KingRome yay! gets out the good china and the best tea this side of the pacific 
My pillow smells like coffee. 
finished ma cup of tea 
so my coffee high is going away.. im getting really tired now. 
had a dangerous run in with a hot coffee spillage, everyone is safe except my sneakers 
@FunkyPaul I have to have tea 
@malevolentlala I can only get coffee out of mine. I don't even like coffee. 
has to boil water for his coffee 'cuz he's out of filters. 
Tea time over!sitting in the sun.too much cake... 
Drinking Coffee and I have a burned wrist 
@samstod My girlfriend loves tea and works at starbucks.  The brand of tea they use seems to be her least favorite.  
sipping mint tea ~ still nauseous..will try to get to bed early tonight 
@mermaid_love Not fair, Starbucks was all I asked for...and no starbucks 
Watching the news...Coffee prices on the rise    and a new Bathroom bill?
Coffee went bye bye 
finished my last night of working at the coffee shop. 
Today i found coffee on my throusers, but I didn't found gold, yet. 
owww  tea not being made.
wants Green Tea Latte with lots and lots of milk  (griltongue) http://plurk.com/p/tpnuc
I am SO not awake.. I don't like my tea very dark. But I left my teabag in it way too long because I forgot. It's dark now. 
@hypnophil Coffee please, don't have any in my house 
Coffee and off I go again , long day today , first stop the Dentist. 
baba has decided that mixing paint and coffee is a good idea, I was enjoying that brew 
Just noticed that my coffee tastes horrible when you brush your teeth and use mouthwash. 
 I'm still tired. I think I'll make some coffee. Hopefully it'll keep me up.
 I'm still tired. I think I'll make some coffee. Hopefully it'll keep me up. z.z
@IAMSNARKY I'm sleepy   I won't be in counselor's mode until I have AT LEAST 2 cups of coffee..one of those mornings
@robluketic don't use a mr coffee carafe, they spill all over the place 
what is it with portable coffee mugs... they always get crud stuck in the lid... I don't enjoy spitting my coffee out my car window... 
@chfbrian My coffee left me a few minutes ago   I wish I wasn't too lazy to clean the coffee pot
zzzzzzzz...I need coffee 
Drinking my cup of joe since I cannot go to sleep 
need coffee. badly 
Ugh, this nasty ass coffee is making me yearn for Starbucks 
@belledallasgirl @VcK_85 I just realized I have to find a new coffee shop up north when I move  I'm not sure they exist up there DAHHHH
My coffee got cold before I could drink it  I bet I can find more though!! 
Pissed the deli downstairs got rid of their tropical iced green tea.  I had just gotten addicted to it  
- Today I made my own coffee.....  now I am going to starbucks 
@himynameisKels I'm jealous that you guys have Coffee Bean  and Seattle is supposed to be coffee capital if the world!
I made tea, forgot about it and now it's cold 
great cafe, great coffee, ...lack of power adapter.  productivity fail 
@tommcfly get back to sleep...sleeping beauty  do u want some hot tea?
I love how a cup of coffee cures my headaches. I hate how the lack of coffee causes them. 
I'm drinking hot tea because I have sore throat 
I have to fix a flat tire of my bicycle  but first one more cup of coffee!  ? http://blip.fm/~6gbsa
@cloudgazer Too dodgy to follow fancy. Probably best just to stick with the coffee 
I'm chilling out with 3 cockatiels and a cup of tea. Next week is set to be so effin' busy 
back from cycling' riding in the wind is getting so old  still 4 days to my holiday,so it ain't all bad  Tea + chocolate nice.
O noes, just had a cup of coffee. But it tasted soooo damn good. 
having a cup of tea and nursing poorly boy, sleepy girl, a hangover (level 9) and a really sore back....and it bloody raining 
Ugh!  Why can't I make good tea's anymore? 
I love Kenya Starbucks coffee, it's sooo good. I'm gonna have to brew some more. mine has gone cold 
Coffee's finished. Already. I'm trying to limit myself to one cup, but it sure disappeared fast. 
power still out  gasping for a cup of tea.  considering inventing fire..
My coffee was cold and tasted a little icky  &amp; now I have a decision to make. I hate decisions!!!
ah boo. Coffee shop was closed   Next time.
I think @brerlibraryasst should buy me some coffee crack to make me feel better 
The smell of coffee makes me feel so very ill, but it's not exactly an item you can ask other people to avoid for you 
Aw, made tea that smells really wonderful, but tastes like water because I didn't steep it long enough 
Sips more hot coffee in hopes of soothing the throat. I've ran out of Strepsils.. 
@wendyisastar I LOVE Passion Tea Lemonade!!!  I've been craving that since spring began, but sadly the UK Starbucks don't sell them.  
ahhhhhhh i shouldnt of drank coffee now i cant sleeeeeeep 
stuck at tea with the famz boring much 
i just spilled the whole cup for soya latte in err...someone's car! got onto my watch&amp;my ring too!!now everythings smell coffee! arghhh.. 
argh, no coffee, no cereal, tons of washing up to do and 9am library = not good day 
Twinings Breakfast tea, nom,nom... but don't have many teabags left. 
No sugar for my coffee today 
@stepheneyre Also ill, wishing to be at home having tea and soup. 
@oxchris I'm working in the pub, so tea is all I'm allowed 
@spazzyyarn really? from that coffee???? 
having coffee....thinking it's to hot outside for a walk... 
can't make coffee today  out of filters!!!!!
Cooking french toast and about to look for my coffee maker and grinder, but I don't remember which box I put it in. 
@ststeph you're up early! haha, coffee is nasty. sometimes. I am so sleepy  just thought you'd like to know :o)
needs at least 5 cups of coffee this am 
It is raining hard - I am in my garden office with no umbrella - I want a cup of tea 
@FantasyParade I have more in the house but none with me   I could really go a nap. Or a cup of coffee, either one.
sigh, photogeeking workflows take an eternity... could someone grab me a coffee? 
i hate peeing in cups 
@andymark_ aw i want tea 
My expresso machine appears to be broken 
@clag_on_toast awww man  I'm sorry! it was technically @yonderboy's bill - he said he'd buy me that coffee! we'll sort you out tonight
My sausage lip has gone, swelling has abated but it actually hurts more!  I'm struggling to drink my tea.
@discoterie youre always having high tea i h8 u 
so i ordered this red tea, and it tastes awfully sour  that's rosella tea for you
@jamieandlouise guys......smelling coffee on the radio is just not working for me 
having cup of tea weather not to good 
Coffee went cold due to work. No time to get a new one 
Nooooooooooo....I've no coffee. 
@insanefreak I don't remember (anymore) the last time I had Coffee Bean. 
I'm gagging for a coffee but i'm not suppose to leave luggage in attended 
: another cup of coffee; another late nite at work. 
must have coffee 
i need irnbru. tea just isnt enough 
@Eshums why r u doin that?! A life without coffee will make u  lol! Substituting tea instead maybe? I love tea and its better, I think...
why isn't the coffee working?  
Why is the tea gone? 
Ugh! That's the third cold cup of coffee I've had today 
i drink coffee now and i get tired. 
Has not yet had a cup of tea today....for reasons beyond her control 
At work not enjoying my Starbuck's coffee...I ordered a chai tea. 
Coffee with @melissius didn't work out. We need time away from the kids badly. 
So sleeeeeepppppyyyyyy!!! (via @jyce) me toooo  I need some coffee badly !!
On the way home! I'm so tired! I think because I missed my 6pm coffee  The iced coffees from Timmys are like watered down ice capps.
is chilling at coffee perk and missing her starbucks date's with her lana bear!! 
Drinking poo coffee cause its cheaper... 
to be honest...wasting my time xD  it's just that i drank a cup of coffee and now i can't sleep 
Drinking a liter of Coffee.. 
@Fearnecotton Coffee never works for me in the mornings 
is at starbucks podium. no money, no coffee. cookie only  http://plurk.com/p/wl1g9
@easymak caribou's a coffee chain up here. it's pretty much as big as starbucks but the coffee sucks and the chai tastes like dirty water 
@davidhoang You're like a block from me.  But I hear the tea sipping is almost over. 
i need some hot green tea  I cant sleep  ....
just got up, smoking a cig and drinking coffee.. i need to start working on my final project for the univ 
I want some Starbucks.. 
I cut my thumb on a broken coffee pot. 
If I were a transformer... I'd step on people just to hear them *squoosh*. But I'm not so I guess I'll just have a cup of coffee instead. 
My coffee got cold blah! 
you wanna know what's worse... my coworker just brewed a fresh cup of coffee and all I can think about is bacon 
Decaf isn't cutting it right now.  ? http://blip.fm/~79g85
Reading through today's paper along with some watered down coffee compliments of my 'rents... 
I have never had a Starbucks coffee in my entire life, people keep making me jealous 
never thought i'd say this, but i miss my 9-5 job, the commute, my cubicle, free food &amp; coffee and being downtown. why did i quit? 
@GabrieleDurning  sadly we were too late for TraceyCakes, but we got them elsewhere- not the same but still yummy. Tea w wee on wknd!
about to head to Starbucks. was gonna take the bus to Paradise and Starbucks, but missed it by 2 minutes. 
makin tea an its stressin me out 
woke up to boxes to the ceiling and now he can't find his yerba mate or coffee beans. 
is sad because his tea and oatmeal are cold 
@vronmcintyre I want an espresso machine 
urban think fail. chai latte is not good there 
Why are tea pitcher things so hard to find?  I haven't seen any here, and I've only found this http://tiny.cc/vynk5 online.  Ugly.  
I really fancy a frappuccino from Starbucks right now 
For FF plz follow @sbx_IronChef -I am following the Starbucks tag on http://wefollow.com &amp; my friend IronChef has dropped from #2 to #3! 
Is fighting a horrid headache with a large Vanilla Iced Coffee.  
craving coffee 
@Vasilly I think I have some tea somewhere. It's probably old though. 
@charlieskies am i too late for a cuppa? 
@fattireale75 cup cakes are sooo yummy - but would have 2 have coffee chaser- u know where that can lead 
just dropped my biscuit in my tea 
Prolly not gonna get coffee since my mom's still mowing. Yes. She's still mowing this late... I really wanted coffee.... 
Is going to give up the coffee...its a must do.   *~ D~*
Also i ran out of #coffee 
@abcdefglynis I have cravings for bubble tea now. 
Still making coffee for two.  
Eating chocolate cookies and coffee - an hour ago i was on about losing weight! 
@jnswanson got any coffee? I ran out again. 
@Tinascarlette your at tea in w.more...     I'm at stoopid westfield getting garms!!
drinking a cup of coffee then off to fix pool  
@mentness cheers , I found a coffee shop with a cute roaster in it, had a coffee . We'll leave that there 
This like the worst ever, I so use to waking up and going strait to WoW with my cup of coffee. 
Morning. Power is out which means no coffee 
drinking coffee and going to work ... marking 
@Marielhemingway Ahh, just saw your other posts. I can attest to the coffee crash for sure. 
oky that should have said $10 off not 10% off - need more coffee before I tweet  trying again!
Sitting on the boat, drinking coffee, and kind of bummed out 
woke up, no coffee.  you mean I have to get dressed &amp; go to the latte stand for my fix??????
making coffee and wishing i had eggs to scramble.... 
my coffee pot is broken  what is a girl to do???
@thomaselliott I cracked open this ass-coffee when I was between bags of beans, so now I feel obligated to drink it   It's drinkable.
@zeldman Still making coffee for two.     It gets better, I promise!
my biscuit has just fallen in my tea... i feel slightly emotional 
Hungover at Starbucks on my way to work 
my coffee is almost gone 
ohhh my god, it is impossible to get a decent cup of coffee in this house. I need Starbucks. 
crap my tea bag broke and now there is loose tea in my pot. 
@Jazwheel well, I guess Starbucks then 
Just realized that i haven't had anything to eat or drink but some chai tea. 
feeling a tad poorly, would someone bring me a nice cup of tea and some bourbons please - I'm the one hiding under the duvet! 
I wish my head didn't hurt this bad.  i need another cup of coffee.
Sipping hot tea. 
@LeEyecandy it wasn't by choice, we ran out of coffee! Tea just doesn't do it 
cannot figure out anything to do    trying the coffee toffee twisted frosty. ...
@watermelon_pear  poor poor Coffee shop! He was such a cute bird! To bad he hit the window!
I'm writing an essay insead of going to the coffee and choc festival 
@glitterbubbles would you believe I have a sensitivity to caffeine? I can only drink decaf and even then, that's too much! So sad.  
g00d m0rning everybody ,,, need cup of coffee , i'm just waiting current lecture to finish 
#asylm no coffee lounge for me with misha  been queueing since 6 this mornin
alaaaa...... forgot to buy my green tea la 
@realbailing No thanks,I prefer starbuck green tea latte! you never talk to me 
Just got back from work, another sunny hot day that I can't enjoy  whatever going for a cup of coffee now.
My tea got cold! 
Oh &amp; I luv U Starbucks Iced Coffee with a Splenda... ;-) cya soon Coffee Bean (don't front) u know I luv u more but ur not in this state. 
SERIOUSLY. I've choked on this one cup of tea four times. It makes me so sad    
forgot about my tea therefore over-steeped my tea  .. now off to @btmcallen last Sundays on keys. it's been a good month.
@matttposer im settling for a cup of tea and chicken noodles  lol
Just made a pot of coffee and found my highlighters... yay for a fun filled day of studying.... 
Why does the man in dunkin donuts have to be so mean? I just want my iced coffee 
@hmorrison I know...  I'm sitting on my porch with a coffee and my laptop with the shivers. What should we do?
man, nothing like good oj in the morning w/toast &amp; eggs.  just missing some good coffee   need 2 go 2 store...
can't sleep. misses @jones_24 already. also drank large mcdo coffee 
My mcdonalds sweet tea is gettin low 
Renie gave me her cold.  It was worth it. lmao Coffee is calling.
Is being productive in the coffee shop but sad about the lack of internet 
chipped my coffee mug 
i have no coffee again  no filters damniit! wah!
damn! out tea! guess that i need to go and make some more. 
I think my espresso addiction is coming back. 
i got coffee grounds in my coffee  french press operator #fail
Having a cup of tea after a wel deserved break from biology. 
By @thetateway i got coffee grounds in my coffee  french press operator #-fail
Finally back home. Kids all grumpy &amp; tired (older ones had an altercation), me just tired. Coffee back on, more housework to be done 
i love my new eco-friendly iced tumbler from @Starbucks but they use so many post-its to write my drink order 
Starbucks just ran out of plain old coffee on me 
Since when is starbucks by my house closed on Sundays? I really wanted a green tea lemonade 
Craving an energy drink but might have to make do with tea since there's no coffee in the house. 
Compleatly missing BLENDED Green Tea Lemonaids @Starbucks 
@Ignatiouswang wtfff I had one chai tea 
im sooo tired i just had another sleepless night grrr  im in desperate need of Starbucks
EWWWW went to make coffee and found ants have moved into the machine   
it's raining again  i'm so in the mood for a cup of tea but i can't go downstairs 'cause i'd wake up my parents...
Starbucks is calling me, but its shut 
Hasn't had a good cup of coffee in a while 
really could go for a mocha/chai tea latte right now.. 
I've had 6 cups of coffee today... this can't be healthy  help?
@epicpetwars Can you put a confirmation prior to using respect points, I keep buying coffee &amp; boxing gloves by clicking them accidentally 
thinks the milk put into his cup of tea was off 
Oh great! A powercut. I really wanted a cup of tea... 
drinking very good tea. but just finished. 
bought milk and coffee. Couldn't make foam with the milk and the coffee is too strong 
need a cup of coffee... 
My coffee arabica plants look bad 
#youknowyouupttooearly when wafflehouse hasn't even made the sweet tea yet 
Now maybe I can get another cup of coffee, since the first one spilled 
So. freaking. tired. and no coffees! 
Up early but no coffee 
Still has no power which means no coffee.  #fb
enjoying iced coffee, but not enjoying studying for accounting so early 
@garywdtea I missed your 8:30 tea!! 
UGH! The coffee maker quit 
@jenblower mew  make him a nice cup of tea to help with the horror of waking him up?
@jenblower  give him a tea voucher for later?
having coffee. All out of nanas  hope I feel better today
It's suprising how far a cup of tea goes when you clumsily spill it over your desk 
@madasabrushshiv I wish.  I left my creamer at home, so no coffee for me.  
has had two cups of coffee and it is still making no effect whatsoever 
Just said my goodbyes to the Starbucks crew.  
I'm sad that Murky Coffee in Clarendon is gone  I loved that place.
My coffee toffee twisted frost exploded all over my car 
Morning gets worse. @starbucks won't make my tea latte cold, when they've done it before. 
@jonathanrknight I just spilled my Starbucks all over my desk at work  didn't even drink any of it.  Can you bring me another?
hellooo hows everyone, got tea on the go just having a swift wine and tweet, really need to hoover after the kids tea  x
really REALLY wants to paint today, but will be making donuts and coffee instead 
Aptos smells like strawberries, salt air and coffee....and manuer 
Only drinking 1 cup of coffee is making time sloooooooooow doooooooown. 
Coffee on an empty stomach...  working all day today because I agreed to work someones shift... Yay money! But is it worth being so gr ...
too much coffee.    can wait till some of this coffee wears off and I stop feeling so jittery.
I want a cup of tea, however it means going downstair and having to face the family  ass holes
I burnt my tounge trying to drink hot tea 
feeling the need for some tea from Starbucks, but @valeriehanneken isn't here to join my coffee trip 
I really want a coffee toffee twisted frosty 
eating some more soup and drinking some more tea. everytime i wake up i feel worse 
@jcubed1 I knew I shouldn't tweet before coffee 
So tired!!! Wish I had Starbucks 
@JuliaGA Starbucks sounds good, wish there would be one closer than 40 minutes away from me 
Why does my coffee never last as long as it should 
I had three cups of coffee today. Now I feel cracked out 
seeing drag me to hell with kayla. i just spilled coffee in my $300 bag 
decaf got fried by the burner on the coffee maker tonight and I've over steeped the french press now... 
@starbucks Strangest thing, just went to Starbucks drive thru &amp; they forgot to put the espresso in my iced grande caramel machiatto, hmmm 
@blueiceenvy do you drink a lot of tea or coffee? I would LUV to help if only you would answer me back 
burnd my tongue on my coffee 
@soycamo I am still working   I had 6 cups of coffee today and it was way over the top.
while stirring coffee ~ i should practice mindfulness - shirt would still be clean  #senryu
Always a sad time when you reach for your tea, take a huge gulp. Then realize that the tea is completely cold 
@stephenfry If you want to taste foul coffee, try coffee with chicory.  Yeuch!  
@angelzdope Don't like coffee 
@blindcripple I need coffee.  I'm so sick of these cats. 
no water = no coffee 
Much better after 2-3 cups of coffee. 4:30A came awfully early this morning 
disappointed with my cup of tea. it's a fail 
is working away, silly me forgot to bring a new tub of sugar to work so i haven't had a cup of tea today  booo!!
Listening to boring coffetalk without coffee 
A cup of filter coffee cost 25Rs in my office 
Enjoyed some @Starbucks #via with the grandmas. Now I'm off to work 
Out of coffee.  
I'm out of coffee 
@SinaB77 yeah. I need coffee 
just cheddar sandwich for lunch  now a great GLISS Coffee from costa rica fresh fruity but quite a body
I really need to remember to bring some coffee creamer to the office 
Prayer cards soaked in coffee 
Still in office and no hot water for coffee 
My cup of tea tastes weird. 
@JonasFiel I've been drinking coffee crystals. I don't think we have a coffee pot at my new place, and I don't wanna buy one. 
cute guy at the coffee shop next to where I work. do I stalk him? but a single shot of espresso is like $3 
Ugh.. The kitchen lady confiscate our coffee n tea, no coffee for this morning then. 
@stephanie_____ lolol, I am not high, but I am probably biased because I like nasty fast food coffee drinks. 
@bradleyjean the tea is lukewarm over here 
@Starbucks so true... Could do with a Starbucks Coffee now  but you are not in SA.
got to work and found my little coffee maker all moulded up 
@petemorley would be good, but tis a along way from here. Starbucks don't offer anything similar 
i need coffee, some medicine, and hugs. 
A cup of tea is in order....and more lemsip 
ahh suns out, im out with my camera, though i think my coffee blend is impbalanced. cups to tart 
tea/thigh interface 
Up early and without coffee! 
this coffee really isnt that good 
Oh no. Coffee messes wit my stomach sometimes 
I miss real coffee 
Coffee hasn't kicked in   Typo's
Left Caribou Coffee and discovered too late that my cup only had steamed milk in it. 
Realy need a cup of tea! can't believe we ran out of sugar 
cup of tea then a nice bath, then more revision 
I wish I had a breakfast sandwich and coffee right now 
@HungryGirl just a cup of coffee   i know, bad girl
I want a coffee but I think my dad is pretty much dominating the kitchen just now.  Not faiiiiiiir.
two-fisting coffee &amp; oj to fight this bloody cold 
@dotjake I actually was going to read on the bus this morning! But then I forgot my book on the coffee table   I tried.
i need a cuppa coffee 
@undun25 Trying to cut back on coffee    So I switched to tea today.  ick.  icky tea lol
my vw tastes like coffee. 
does anyone know what can help to stay awake other than coffee?! I'm so tired!! 
Why does Starbucks come out with Frappuccino icecream just as I'm starting a diet?  Murphy's Law, thats why 
@woodsprite me too! I'm stuck with cafeteria coffee. 
@rachelschell Yesterday I put the coffee and water in but forgot to turn it on 
@gumby007 me too, I went out jogging.  Just ain't getting to my coffee till now 
There is never enough coffee in my coffee cup in the morning 
I was hoping my Starbucks would keep me awake to study last night... but Starbucks failed me and I fell asleep.. time to cram 
I made it to the kitchen and made a cup of tea...but forgot the biscuits. period pain=hellllllll. 
Cheerios and bananas for dinner and now I am drinking coffee. This can't end well. 
@stinginthetail This is de-caf! Although I've long thought that the addictive part of coffee isn't just the caf 
Ugh, possible migraine aura and I can't take drugs   Decaf tea and shortbread will have to do.  I need to work!
Drinking coffee and wondering how my to do list has grown to 75 items 
@celestina729 haven't decided yet, it's supposed to rain  I haven't had my coffee yet, i'll get back in touch with you lol
@jeskamitch had to get metal coffee pot because keep breaking glass ones 
@bumperbownass i miss making tea for you 
class = done! java city to the rescue since my cupboards are empty and i have no coffee 
Its sleeep time ! a long day tomo. have to make 50+ cups of coffe and selll muffins!  what a job
i am hungry and the cafe is closed.. 
@industrata thaaaats okay. I was late in asking.  But how am I gonna get my 8 cups of coffee!? This is tragic 
Missing and dreaming of the Coffee life 
@indykari Aw, I just went and got coffee/donuts - I should have waited!! 
@theguigirl i feel betrayed  no coffee for me 
more hot tea. 
Stopped for Starbucks espresso trufffle on way home, spilled drops strategically down front of white blouse before I even got home. 
@chowdown Totally getting the bf to stop by Starbucks on our way... I keep forgeting... well, yesterday I did. 
@garyvee Iced coffee, unsweetened. 
@Wordee I love tea! Can i join u? 
About to make me a smoothie. I think I'm coming down with a cold 
Later we went out for a quick coffee and a donut.  I only could watch 
Last day at the coffee bean  
i had that toffee coffee frosty and it sucked 
@SarahCowan my doctor told me to stop caffine. I'm like a tea &amp; coffee fanatic and now everytime I pass a Starbucks I cry... 
Does not miss caffeine, but does miss his flavored coffee.  
@Rich_Tea don't think thats going to work today 
@akiraceo I want to drink my green tea latte. 
Last.fm is down. I even just drank a cup of tea, and it's still not back. 
i need to remember the names of the coffees I like at Starbucks. Forget each time - and end up drinking Iced Caffe Latte - which I hate 
I'm gonna need coffee so bad... wish we had a Starbucks or Dunkin Donuts in my town. stupid little town doesn't have any coffee shops... 
1st coffee down still not any more awake 
@paulmonkey have a good day with @Danmonkey will miss our Starbucks sesh today 
Morning walk was refreshing - rolling up my sleeves for some equations over coffee - I miss doing crosswords 
@dwsmillionthhug I don't drink coffee 
woo got back from n amezin radio show fuled by 5 cups of coffee but its rainin 
Still didn't get my coffee 
need to wake up......2 coffees and a tea are not doing the trick...what a morning 
still no signs of tea 
Isn't going out after all...   Bars are fine, but house parties aren't really my cup of tea.
Sucking down the coffee; will need it to keep up with other niece. This one doesn't sit and color 
The second cup of tea after you wake up is never as good as the first 
Yesterday, dental work.  Last night, puffy mouth.  Today, tender mouth.   No eating for me.  Guess I'll have a Green Tea Frappuccino. 
Could have gotten coffee. 
not taking the kid to the farmer's market in the rain. not happening. and i really wanted cheese curds and coffee 
Two cups of coffe and I'm still falling asleep at my desk  I need a day off! Ppppplease!!!!
@vivinyvil now i feel bad for all those tea addiction i cause 
And now I'm headed to Starbucks.  I'm a junkie.
@Starbucks i want one of ur chocolate frappichinos 
i feel shaky. yay for coffee 
left my wood stir stick in my coffee too long, now my coffee tastes kind of wood-y 
accidentally smashed my blender...the only appliance I use more is my coffee maker 
@AmandaRumm I gotsta get up really early though  I'll see if I can't load up on caffeine, though today's 4 teas and 1 coffee had no effect
@Monicarrrr ahahaha so i tested my advice had 1 coffee then jumped up and down, it's not good i feel sick 
@mnstrsnmnchkns Me too.... i've got NO food in the house thou  or Coffee  xx
not happy when they mess up my coffee. I didn't want it sweetened.. and now it's grossly sweet 
I wish I had a cup of tea and a harry potter book right now 
this rain is seriously making sleepy..after two cups of coffee, I'm still tired 
My sweet tea I just ordered is very unsweet and that's making me frown. 
@tariquesani I am, and have been since 5:30am  No coffee, having an apple instead
I recently purchased baristopher.com - thought i was clever (barista+christopher) but seems i didn't think of it first   see @baristopher
My tea is too hot 
@balletcrazy4god  not sunburned i hope! put wet tea bags on it! 
Its 7.05am in nairobi. I'm up cleanin the kitchen  had to call java coffeehouse an hour ago to order a cake
What happend to all the Starbucks  I can't believe I have to travel over the bridge just to get my fix... It's such a crim!
i definitely need to make a cup of coffee if i plan on going out tonite. i'm tired 
@CrazyMclazy @krilana  Tea and rice cakes!? I've never been an asshole but can I come anyway?  
Ughhhh dinner was a failure    drinking peppermint tea now...
@Applecored mmm tea. i came to the conclusion last night i make a really crap cup of tea! sad but true 
nice relaxing walk round the loch with camerom. Coffee shop closed tho 
in asda cafe. C15 is too cold 
Ah the single life.  It makes the mornings taste so good. I need some coffee. 
caffiene is a given. too bad we only have coffee. i miss my tea. 
@binarylife tell me about it. I think my skull has shrunk two sizes. Espressos are not helping 
@inprogress Iwoke up feeling like i slept under a mack truck...can't even get up to make coffee 
@Evilmunky    gerra cup of tea and have a big bang theory marathon 
@laurenmacdonald  I want a black coffe from timmies...
 i just went to take a sip of my tea, and lifted the wrong cup. mmmm cold tea!
Starbucks in greenwhich is useless no cups no ingredients and no brains 
I got that coffee pot all set up last night, but apparently the carafe wasn't all the way into place, and so my timed brew did not happen 
I really need some coffee. Barista son at father's house. 
mcmuffin in my belly! no iced tea though 
my tea got cold outside 
@rsuenaga ya i know i just drove to McDs for an iced coffee, got sprinkled on, but hard w/recovering kid &amp; stoller 
@heycassadee Don't like coffee at wall, tastes like warm water with slight flavouring 
@heycassadee Don't like coffee at all, tastes like warm water with slight flavouring 
@NovaWildstar I don't get any when I say Tea 
I need Coffee!!... i have so much hw to do boooo!! 
not jumpy not grumpy just got broky-ed ~ no more pints of tea for me unless @singletrackmag have any lying around 
I drank my new tea that supposedly has as much caffeine as coffee in it and I immediately fell asleep afterwards not what I was expecting 
i finally got my coffee ! but not a starbucks  hhaah
anyone have a recipe for that gorgeous spiced marrakech tea from the markets? I want some 
@katiedesign47 ha you always want what you can't have right?! at least you'll be home soon!  13 more days until real sweet tea for me! 
I keep drinking coffee wishing it was Starbucks 
iced coffee mission failed 
2nd cup of coffee in 3 hours 
@sevgli You're welcome &amp; lol! Coffee when you need to stay up is a good thing. I just can't now cause I have to go to bed REALLY early. 
@fmbillwatt crap I just saw the coffee message! Soorrrreeeeeey 
just added sugar to my #tea for the first time in years to see what it's like. #fail - too sweet and totally overpowers the tea flavour 
back to kindergarten and bad coffee 
@rubiquity yikes is right! I hope you dont rely on that coffee bean that got its window smashed. I'm guessing it will be closed tomm 
@rehanjiwani  Some stupid CUPPA shop has emerged at that spot...which serves expensive coffee and has a stinky ambiance..strong odours... 
on the sofa with a weak cup[ of tea   have most certainly felt better...
bloody hell, made a cuppa and put it down and can't remember where, would be cold by now too 
Showered and prepped to head out the door.  It's so hard to move this morning and no Starbucks are open yet.  
has to pack.  But first: coffee
Just perhaps had the biggest eating fail he's ever had. Coffee kit kat ftl 
In a milk free zone this morning; no tea or coffee 
didn't get my #coffee &amp; #breakfast yet!  sooooo, sooo hungry.. #yummitime
I can't help but notice that a lack of @nikf means a distinct lack of tea/coffee/lol-speak 
Coffee and out the door  is monday already and no holiday this week 
is drinking a cup of tea. feels not health 
@mydoctortennant  it is actually, hahah. going to get some real tea.
just spilt tea. damn. 
I want a cup of tea but our kettle has broken 
Should have felt somewhat excited after a shot of coffee, but I still feel empty and dizzy. 
Just spilt an entire cup of boiling tea all over my leg and my keyboard 
@LiPeony I would pass it if I had any...we are out of coffee 
@keeda nahi  usually prefer strong tea!
@ChiNurse grrr.... no coffee for me, I'm detoxifying.... 
my iced coffee sucks today  not the morning for shitty coffee. damn it
I got a cold,and everybody's at the beach   I just want a Starbucks.
am disappointed to find my triple mocha appears to have no actual mocha part in it 
@stacysun   good luck! You should bring in your imported coffee one day so we can have coffee breaks!
@franthomas I'm outta coffee. 
What sucks about being a 'regular' at a deli is when they regularly get your coffee order wrong.  TWO sugars not one! *sigh*
So tired... I really need a coffee break 
I've been here for almost 2 hours and feel like I've accomplished nothing but putting the coffee maker in my car, no coffee yet 
Switching to a chai-based caffeine fix, since coffee's making me feel ralphy. I'll miss you for the next 3 months, coffee. 
i didn't get to finish my coffee before it got cold 
Making the tea, why do kids always hate what they are having for tea 
Exhausted in SLC... w no Starbucks in sight 
RUSTY DAGGERS to the heart to the bastige that made off with my pikes peak coffee mug 
@flyknocka after all these years and working at Starbucks the doctors finally inform me that they bring on my migranes  sucks !
does not like how quickly yummy iced soy chai turns into less tasty watered-down soy chai 
There's too much milk in my cappuccino. I can barely taste the coffee 
Looking to be a five cup of coffee day 
My coffee pot just broke there's glass everwhere 
@coffee_smitten i miss you already 
no use crying over spilled tea, but it still burned my toes  wearing sandals... time for a walk to the store for new tea!
WOW tea made me sleepy. But i don't want to go to bed 
I have coffee grounds, a filter, water, sugar, and creamer. but my coffee-maker is broken and yet my cup has only sadness inside 
just drank coffee and not happy about it 
Yet another massive coffee fail 
should i have healthy green tea or bad sugary tea?? #squarespace trying to be  healthy sucks hairy baws 
@showMe_Heaven I miss our day in Starbucks 
@Fuzzie_74 I know! I wanted to say no thanks, but couldn't just walk away after coffee was made and handed to me.  An extra .50c for soy 
@varohaub you mean the coffee? i always get the standard drip coffee - tall - no cream/sugar - and the last two times its been burnt 
has hic.cups 
@saintpetepaul does this mean i did not win the alessi tea kettle?  
My chai is cold 
coffee lady where are you? 9.30am is when you are supposed to come and save me - it's 11.41 
already drunk coffee why still feel sleepy 
Oh no im having coffee withdrawals 
i smell like i have been raped by a giant coffee bean 
aahh... I am going to bed... nobody invited me a cup of coffee 
been awake since 5am  sat drinking lemon &amp; ginger tea waiting for the day to start
It is so hot in this cafe! 
@piggybutt911 no! Starbucks is bad for you 
Managed to spill tea down me. 
is having a coffee waiting on doug and wants a cigarette 
Oooh.. Coffee postponed  *tear*. Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
The dog has just decided to fall asleep on top of me and now I can't reach my cup of tea 
@baneen it was a &quot;wish I had someone to bring me Starbucks&quot;  however, I do have something for you here if that makes you better!
can a cup of vanilla nut coffee energize my day...??? uuuuf, had a 8 hours of sleep but still sleepy... 
I took a sip from the wrong cup  that must be why I am so out of it.
hungover  playgroup at ten  not looking 4wd to it! i need a brew!! tea-time 
bad start today - sour milk, no coffee 
@opsGordon would love a cup if coffee but access card ceased working. I'm trapped 
Exercise cycling done whilst watching Poirot. Coffee now &amp; a healthy banana instead of bix or choc... it's just not the same. 
#iforum but xenserver 'make the tea' option still someway off 
@rayfoleyshow Y'see, I was gona hav tea, but now u n ur coffee talk has me cravin' caffeine - damn u, we only hav shitty instant here 
@pbssupersisters  you totally win; especially given you haven't slept in 4yrs?  Sadly, no coffee for me tho 
@laineylee but I don't do coffee  im js gna be droopy eyed
and I am out of coffee 
Coffee break over  back to the paint brush. I didn't think there were so many corners in my kitchen!
tech editing on one cup of tea - brain hurts now 
coffee w/sugar 
@bertspace coffee: good, donut order: regular donut balls != chocolate.  
is achey.  and has no tea, now.   http://plurk.com/p/11d07q
at my internship wishes i stopped by Starbucks 
@VooDooStevie This coffee is really weak. 
sipping on my coffee wanting to hear from the vet 
I hate that there is coffee in my office but no cups! Now I just have to smell it. 
Coffee is hurting my tummy this morning. No more for me. 
I want some coffee!! But no one will bring me some.  And I'm stuck at work...the coffee here is really bad.... :-/
i'm nursing my anger over my negative bank acct balance with dunkin donuts iced coffee &amp; munchkins ... helping but still a little 
Coffee...Coffee...Coffee! So glad to be back home! But now have to go to work!  Yuck!
Just spilt coffee all over myself! 
No coffee? Why even get up. 
Never got my coffee 
@musicmends I wish I liked coffee 
coffee FAIL 
I want some cookies, my coffee isn't the same... 
Thinking about cooking tea but not actually moving 
Drinking tea, because I don't feel good 
runs out of arabica coffee 
@RadioAmy I'm sorry your coffee is broken... 
@agnesnutter yeah it's like 3 bucks a cup for a chai tea 
rollies and green tea, joe joes moving out tomorrow 
i need coffee  ughh, i don't even know anymore. whatever. i'm stupid :/
ugggggggg who put poison in my coffee 
i just can't seem to wake up today  i think i need an iv drip filled with espresso
@intobattle I dont like tea, does that make me unworthy to be British 
done with my coffee 
That would be chris' coffee  - http://bnup2.com/p/584824
Finally a break in proceedings. No tea however 
@alooghobi I can have coffee, it's only a little stomach ache. I don't barf like you do. 
grogginess - day 2. my morn cuppa = can't have it cause the coffee machine is screwed 
this tea doen't taste good at all but I have to drink it 
@roystern09 still sold out so once again i miss brekky  Coffee will have to do
I dropped my favorite @Starbucks travel mug and it cracked 
Regretting the three cups of coffee ealier this evening - can't sleep 
I didn't know coffee could make me this high 
Whole yellow tail fish, creamy mac and cheese. PassionFish. Coffee gelato-had to say no but damn that was a good taste 
@joolzgirl yes, sleep and coffee would be good but my coffee shop around the corner isn't open for some reason...so sad! 
I want to go to rainforest cafe 
glad to be home, sippin tea, makin rice with danils...i think i got him sick too 
had bananas for breakfast. and lots of coffee. they don't go well together 
I'm so craving coffee, but resisting. It's too late for it. 
@jillygunn awwww! You SHOULDA had a chai!!! Or gelato 
@etafish I have learnt to carry my own tea when travelling 
Needs. More. Coffee. Why isn't there a Starbucks in Geylang? 
coffee. i need strong coffee now 
@MissNancy Me so sorry  At least you can get a Starbucks in the morning!
@WalkingDrum @sevgli @lowridergrl I dont even drink coffee 
@misfitduck  sounds like coffee will be the drink of the day!
Just tried to have a cup of tea... .no good 
Note to self, remember coffee is a diaretic 
have done a stupid amount of housework, now need  a good coffee, although I am a little upset I have nothing lovely to go with it 
diet day 1:  tea without 2 sugars is no tea at all... 
Just had the worst coffee ever  should have read the label  on the cup ! http://twitpic.com/7lzug
@katieroseFC  i like black tea. i dont like milk in tea :S so yukky. im so unaustralian. i feel bad. @kevinrudd should block me 
And now I'm going to try to finish my drawing for Tea and after that, learning French  What a pity.
trying to wake up....... out of coffee 
my eyes hurt and the coffee is a failure at keeping me awake 
@Azeena iced coffee it is 
Trying so hard to get motivated this morning.  Tea is not helping. 
Drats! At the airport &amp; Starbucks has a line of peeps out the door.  How do they expect me 2 be a civilized passenger w/o my cup of joe? 
Just burnt my lips on scalding coffee now have a trout pout 
I cleaned the filter, pot, ect.      I no longer want coffee.  
says there is no coffee on this side of security  http://plurk.com/p/11n67n
sore throat.-  no chapstick. -  fairmont tea. :-D yay for that one
has just tipped loadsa hot tea all down me 
why do i drink coffee when i know i'm allergic to caffiene? not feelin so  hot 
I am not a caffeine person, which prob explains the decaf coffee in my house...and now i'm in need of caffeine 
The remote just landed right in my coffee cup. 
awwww darn , drawing is not my cup of tea 
@shanedawson @brittanitaylor Starbucks went bankrupt, no more Starbucks 
Arghhhh need a coffee :'( but need sleep 
damn...forgot my raspberry tea at home 
Why am I dragging this week? I cannot wake up to save my soul AND my coffee isn't working! 
The new coffee isn't bad, but it just doesn't taste the same as my fav.   Why would you do this to me, Coscto??
need a coffee  LOL
trying to get java working with crossover 8 
i would freeze if this tea didn't keep me warm 
The coffee at work today tasted like it was filtered through an ashtray. So water and advil in lieu of caffiene. 
my cup of tea has gone cold 
Just got in and exhausted.....still got to sort out something for Tea 
just lost a follower  tear in my coffee!
@Jasonzand apparently, no   lol  I should just run with it and make an espresso 
Starbucks: latte. Then back to bed.  saddddddd weeek so far.
just spilled coffee all over his shirt 
....My plastic spoon just broke off in my coffee. 
Tea time &amp; then i have to start getting ready. I totally wish I didn't feel/look like such a fatass right now 
I'm out of raspberry arizona iced tea. sad song. 
oh dearest tweet, i need a cup of aromatic coffee to keep myself awake, at least for now.  i see 711, the store and more!
missing people, coffee, and wearing my new boots 
@nuudz whats with the ice tea i thought you were planning on it being a coffee day? ps i can't view your blog says i'm not allowed 
@kimthitran mint tea is helpn me.. butughhhhh my throats on fireeeee 
Drinking my second Coffee now. I really don't want this anymore. It's driving me insane 
i had a coffee toffee twisted frosty, and i must say i found it to be quite nauseating 
ewy sausages for tea  i hate them!
Misses everyone from Starbucks  But I'm glad I got to see all of my favorite people tonight!
I wish I could actually spell   I meant of course hashtags.  I need a coffee and I guess a dictionary.
@LilyStarbuck I work at Starbucks... And weekends don't exisit unfourtanately 
Oh what the fuck, no milk and no coffee. A trek to the shop is in order 
i don't know what to make for tea ! i'm such a grown up 
lol. i told my boss to bring me some vanilla coffee from a coffee shop. he did it  ive the best bosses ever ^.^... my phone doesnt work 
Almost out of wawa lemonade iced tea  @biancajbeck
damn, my tea has gone cold 
Oh starbucks, I wanted a mocha and you made me a white mocha. 
Missing Portuguese coffee, food &amp; weather! 
reeeally need a cuppa...got a headache boohoo!  and bored! off to make tea...
Just made the worst cup of coffee ever 
Making my coffee since mollie wont 
http://twitpic.com/7pgrn - this coffee is not good 
@torehtard hahaha that fails, I want tea or coffee 
Coffee and Bible....not feeling well 
@viridari we used to have coffee but they took it away from us, there are certain departments that sneak it in but its against the rules 
Going to make a coffee, some food, and sit in front of the heater to handwrite some notes... the study's too cold. 
chillin with a cup of coffee elevating my sprained ankle 
Needs a nice coffee, the espresso machine is not having a good day 
4th cup of coffee. Finally feeling normal. This won't happen again. I dislike overworking my adrenal glands. 
@llai @jpmuhney I'm on my third coffee today already  quitting coffee is harder than quitting smoking.
@Hayoonah where is my tea? 
@sarathon thank you sweetie. I think coffee made me feel worse  Tea could be in my future.
@fiendishlyfoxxy I might head over that way. A certain cups employee kept my cups card 
4th cup of coffee! essay still not finished 
Wish there was a @DunkinDonuts in Soho! Starbucks doesn't do the trick (plus I LOVE D&amp;D) 
i need coffee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Coffee @ 2:30 in the mornin!   but I need to stay up or I'm gonna miss my flight! LOL
sipping strawberry and mango tea, while watching the news! how boring am I? 
wishes the coffee shop didn't close at 3 because she likes working here on her laptop. 
it's so ridiculously hot outside and i'm too lazy to make some homemade iced tea. 
is drinking coffee from the mug she used to crush (I mean smash) garlic with...she cant get the smell of garlic out of each sip now 
@michvanetta *making you a capacchino* I cheated and bought one from the coffee van at the station this morning, no coffee in the house 
Back at my desk... it's quieter. Sipping a Toffee Coffee Frosty. It's alright. Would rather not see them mix the thick syrup &amp; ice cream 
Only skinny milk in the house == bad coffee 
is craving some coffee.... but coffee always keeps me awake for hours 
u can't cry over spilled milk....spilled coffee is another story. 
went for a jog &amp; burned 257 calories...that was only the milk i had with my coffee 
I apparently became immune to regular iced coffee  I now need an espresso shot in it too
sitting at coffee bean being emo. one reason being that fun factory is still closed 
Awww I'm all out of tea 
sipping on mint tea.. feeling like i'm comin down with something 
Ah 6.15am trying to get down the first cup of tea....and then work....groan 
Falling asleep at 8, waking up at 1030 and drinking a tipple bagged cup of tea probably not the best idea for getting back to sleep 
is up maybe not awake  but i'm up!!! bailing starts soon   cup of tea first!!
I over filled the cup  and my tea spilled everywhere.
Shit coffee hates me 
ach! coffee has gone cold 
At the office early and dying for a cup of coffee - but there's no milk 
Just finished my second cup of coffe, but didn't have a starbucks yet 
@crispayfries Not getting bubble tea 
After coffee in the cafetaria, I'm awake but triered 
@birbrilo coffee still sucks though 
@blueberryathome no coffee then?  meany!
I hate heims kaffee (www.heimbs.de) for roasting coffee beans and having the wind blow so I can smell it  *smells sooooo good*
been rescuing a broken biscuit from the bottom of my cup of tea 
green tea frappucino and nasi gudeg, not a very good combination... 
@ChrisGuevara no Starbucks tonight   
i pressed refresh, spotted 'nice cup of tea' fanclub, tried to click it. alas, i was too late. 
ugh.. been craving for coffee.. cud u believe i went thru 8 months w/o drinkin any coffee? and i got 1 more month to go. its killing me 
Oh no I missed the cupcake lady while I was making my coffee 
Starbucks to study a little more then chem final 
@LMStellaPR sad coffee 
I NEEED a cup of tea 
@nick_carter http://twitpic.com/7rd2d - I miss a lot Starbucks!!! 
ugh swearing and waving my arms around in the coffee shop. too much coffee too early inthe morning 
I have the worst habit of forgetting to drink my tea  
@DetectiveD I want columbian coffee!!! 
aaaahhh..... coffee !!!     Now to sort me desk out  
@hazmattmum Sounds so yummy - and here I sit with an empty of cup of coffee and an even emptier fridge 
@allconsoffun I don't even drink regular coffee  I loved flavored coffee lol
Painfully exhausted. Coffee not working. 
@poisnivyred On my run I had to pass Starbucks &amp; they were pumping out donut smells 
just chugged a mug of tea.  I feel funny... 
I'm living on a diet of tea (should really be water...) and rich tea biscuits again. 
If I can't go to @Starbucks I'll make it for me! I just made a black Tea Lemonade using TEA and LEMONADE not as good as the real thing 
this tea isnt working..i gotta hit the coffee 
@fiberfool i am a huge tea maniac! i wish i was sipping some now 
Making  tea in the new kitchen! All packed and ready to move 
I like pasta  but i'm not getting a cup of tea made by mum 
@morose I need coffee 
I am sad that I no longer like the taste of Lipton tea.  I've been drinking Luzianne so long that this Lipton tastes terrible. 
@kprentiss but I was pretty sure tea has more caffeine than coffee 
@Stefter I wish. I was going to walk to Starbucks, but decided to just make some.  mediocre coffee.
I hate hospital coffee! 
I found a fly in my pomegranate green tea 
wanted to be at high tea too 
@merihn I'm sorry you're sick  Yay for tea and toast! And vegemite, I suppose. I've never had it, and I'm kind of scared from the rumors;)
I really need a Caramel Macchiato from Starbucks right now. I'm so tired 
@TranquilMammoth I've saw a few Starbucks cafe's around. But I couldn't tell you where. 
No long trips to farms this weekend  , just coffee at a local cafe and then some carpet shopping
I need coffee dude 
is having a cup of tea and then studying all day 
just burned my mouth on burger king coffee 
@obz6 and my coffee grows cold! 
starbucks messed up my coffee 
Just burned my tongue sippin' on green tea 
Power is out at the hotel and we can't check in   so now we're sitting at dennys with a cup of decaf and a breakfast burrito.
@triproftri Coffee would have been lovely but heading down to Virginia tomorrow midday, so will have to pass... 
so cold &amp; just burnt my tongue on my coffee 
craving iced tea.. but all we have is orange juice 
I want some tea but I'm out  Ah well, bedtime.
my cuppa tea got reduced to a third amidst my work 
I think starbucks should carry decaf frappucinos! I cant sleep noww 
I never drink anymore  I'm drinking iced tea
@tamcdonald A.....gold coast manager of Caribou Coffee??? hahaha I like them better than SB but they are deep in the depths of the loop. 
Replacing coffee with chocolate milk? No wonder morning headache still on 
Just had tea and still feel grotty 
headed to the coffee plantation!  i'm too tired for this shit.
I didn't realize I drank all my coffee 
Coffee then pumping for jude's cereal, used up all my freezer stash 
ohhhhhhh... am out of pomegranate tea 
has run out of tea bags and all i want is a nice first cup of morning tea 
@SeriouslyKooky I haven't even managed a cup of coffee or cup of tea yet 
@shardulmohite The coffee machine gives coffee only. No tea 
Here we go again, Starbucks Podium! 
dropped my biscuit in my tea 
@lexley I know...and I haven't even had my coffee yet 
wants his parents to make a cuppa tea but they wont 
@roystern09 yes lol :p -- No I just have Coffee now  instead of poptarts and Coffee 
Standing in starbucks watching in awe as the Barista prepares her 15th caramel frappacino -- bus load of campers 
Oh Seattle... I miss your coffee. Coffee in the midwest is awful.  The best part of waking up is definitely NOT folgers in my cup.
The coffee has been hidded from me. Is that what it has come to? I'll settle for tea 
is bored as crap in Starbucks and wishes someone would come visit him. 
....is still zzzing after a venti coffee, awe i wish i was sleeping 
i burnt the coffee 
has to cook tea 
@EnglishProfi   I don't drink  (too much sideways thinking without drinking already) So ... 1 Guiness , 1 Starbucks?
At coffee bean without my bean partner 
@HappyLivnExpert all i have so far its the iced coffee...... 
Ahh we're out of coffee @ the crib 
@carolemoyes @trimmtrab real tea makes me poorly  i drink fruit tea or coffee x
Coffee time and working on assessment materials - no wifi here 
fuck,  just ran out of coffee....now i have to go outside.... 
we were going to have roast beef for tea but it still isn't defrosted &amp; it'll take hours to cook properly 
@ItsYrFuneral get a surgar-free vanilla soy latte for me! They don't have starbucks here... withdrawls 
is going to cut down on bubble tea 
@vickytcobra you should stop drinking soda!! I'd be down with that! And fancy coffee drinks. Those are my downfall 
i want my tea 
Under the covers...........ugh i need coffee 
@ddlovato maybe tea will help? 
@julia72 Drinking coffee, unfortunately. A margarita sounds better, but I'm doing work at the moment. 
I want a coffee 
got only 2 hours of sleep. I knew I shouldn't have had that last cup of coffee.  http://plurk.com/p/12izcm
Dammit! they don't have anymore vanilla chai. they always run. gotta settle for a Dunkaccino... 
I spilled a venti vanilla latte all over my arm, body, bar &amp; floor -_- Its been so busy 
Taking tea marcela ...  (I'm feeling very bad again)   
Starbucks is so damn crowded. 
ever wonder why coffee shops stay open lateish but smoothie shops don't? I wanna high energy smoothie 2 get me thru &amp; they just closed! 
Coffee fix b4 hitting the books 
dropped her venti frappucino on the floor 
requires nice coffee and crumpets. I have none. 
we are all out of plastic cups 
Coffee helps but doesn't do it all for you  sadly
i have the hic-cups 
I think there are people sleeping downstairs  I want a cup of tea!
Off to make another cup of strong coffee and to watch the doggies play outside - it's raining here 
I feel awful. I cant even drink a cup of tea. This is not a good side of me! 
breakfast without coffee...  
just awake, coffee, croque messieur and lemonade, need to study today 
eurghh, my coffee has gone cold. 
@_yennie I assume tea probably won't help either?  I feel like a cookie will solve your problems, but also that it probs won't.
I'm up and I want donuts and coffee from dunkin donuts 
i don't know why i am feelin like ec isn't my cup of tea....but this isn't a justification for not studying.... 
In need of more coffee 
@CallEstella I'm sorry you're sick.  But pomegranate green tea *is* quite nice...
@nessamcv Tea and a bagel sounds so yummy. I have tea, but no bagel... 
Starbucks: pepp mocha twist and a pumpkin loaf....mmmmm. I'm still waiting for them to offer fair trade coffee though. 
missed bootcamp  need coffee...
I guess Target no longer sells Caribou Coffee.  
hi , work work work 1st day of diet before sole source next week,1ltr of water , 3 coffees 2 Teas , bowl of fruit , wow what a first day 
I'd like to curl up and read with a cup of tea, but there's packing and ironing to do, and football to watch 
Going through my old tea collection &amp; I am not liking any of the teas I used to like. Lots of stuff to give away, mainly republic of tea. 
how much do you hate it when you get a cup of tea made for you then forget about it and it goes cold  boohoo
Oh woe is me - where is my Pemrokeshire tea?  
why don't Starbucks deliver to my house? 
i love ginger tea. i miss my doggie ginger too 
A Korean mommy just made me some coffee. It's been a while since I've had coffee w/ sugar instead of honey. I don't like it. 
@MauraHameroff Don't drink coffee 
#java is pissing me off again. I'm also still amazed at how incredibly rude and condescending people are on java forums. 
coffee burned my tongue 
@mini_mia but I don't drink coffee! 
sore throat...bed and lots of tea and water 
No more chocolate covered espresso beans at starbuck stores 
Tired just sitting at my desk... must. get. coffee. now 
Who....who drank my coffee? 
I wish I was a morning person before the cups of coffee! 
@m0ike i drank the emergency tea 
@meredithday i miss you. i wish you were here to buy me space market and candy coffee. 
UGH.... shopping all away, and just want to sit to have coffee.... forgot to buy milk 
Just got to work... man am I tired....and still itchy    This calls for a completely necessary and justified Starbucks run!
@remedy_coffee would love to, but i dont have a care right now 
Ugh - had banana &amp; coffee for breaky and now have upset stomach   too much caff?
. and i'm all sore and tired. I need a cup of tea and a lie down  x
@give_me_a_latte I can't keep up either... 
too much coffee 
drinking Turkish coffee, wish someone could read my coffee cup 
free drink at Starbucks! and letter of recommendation in Russian?! not so helpful for grad schools 
even coffee drinkers have had to cut back on their budgets  im not a grande instead of a venti moca xo Starbucks
Its so hot outside, that I haven't been able to take even a sip of my delicious coffee 
this coffee machine should charge for a  cappuccino only R$ 0,25 and not R$ 0,50 how it do 
Why does an afternoon cup of coffee make me sleepy? 
OH has just given me a cup of tea, but why isn't it red win 
heading to the Coffee Bean..must remember..decaf. decaf.decaf. decaf. BOOOOOOOOOO!!! 
I really miss frappuccino  goooooosh!
25 minutes to get am overpriced cup of coffee.  at least it tastes good (and it's caffeinated!)
Craving my usual Iced Coffee majorly this morning but it's still a tad early to go buy one 
I just spilt coffee down my shirt 
I still wish I could be somewhere hot and tropical with great coffee  maybe some quality friends and great food too...hmmm
Oh dear, I have a very nasty cold.  It must be bad because I don't even feel like coffee 
The cappuccino at zwirl was messed up again. I'm SO disappointed. 
I want a coffee 
@jonaskevin oooohhh i love Starbucks &lt;3 but there isn't here 
really wanted a coffee malt, but the malt shop was closed 
@rperdio yeah it's a &quot;double espresso&quot; according to our coffee machine.. I wouldn't mind it but we buy grinders coffee beans  scores 5/10
This is the closest thing to Starbucks I can get without driving two hours.  But yum! http://yfrog.com/0aagjj
@M_2_M coffee and bagels and frozen yogurt 
hitting the hay... coffee worn off  night folks!  see ya in the am (fresh cup of joe waiting)
is really sad the pinkberry will no longer carry green tea 
drinking coffee and try to wake up.have to work 
is really sad the pinkberry will no longer carry green tea 
I'm so tired I cant even decide if I should have coffee or tea with my toast 
@DaLzz that's the wage they pay the slave labour child to decaffeinate your coffee beans 
@cbioley But why our coffee machine break was broken so quickly 
@jenboaDUH I wish I had some chamomile tea but I don't 
No more coffee. 
the coffee, it does nothing  No choice but to construct a small meth lab on my desk so that I can fuel myself with appropriate stimulants
@hollywills ok I wasn't up as early as you but the waiting outside isn't fun.  can you bring me a cuppa?
My morning tea is all scone 
Who's got coffee? I'm out. 
So not awake, I keep making cups of tea and forgetting about them! 
my leg is now in pain, I just spilled my coffee over myself, now I have no coffee and a burnt leg 
sat watching corro repeats with a large cup of tea and bar of choc, not feeling great today 
Wayyy too early. I don't like this. I need coffee 
At the airport...just got the worst iced chai tea latte ever. 
sour coffees everywhere! 
I haven't slept yet I'm so focking tired! And I'm going to &quot;try&quot; to stay up and go to brf early - drinking coffee cuz my espressos gone 
Is sad because the gas station didn't have french vanilla cappuccino. 
dunks messed up my coffee again  last week hazelnut sounded like coconut and today apparently hazelnut is french vanilla
impossibly tired today...considering a coffee run since our coffee is non existent these days 
Just had some caffeine free tea and it tasted just like regular tea, and there was me thinking the caffeine was the tastiest part 
wow, I have still yet to have a cup of tea 
....that cup of coffee did not work this morning 
just had a coffee then a strong tea and yet sleepy now !! 
no more coffee. 
WHY did I get flavored coffee when I know I don't like flavored coffee? I'm so easily persuaded by the delicious-sounding names! 
I could totally go for an iced coffee if there were any ice in the building. 
@sivajayaraman please - I have stopped taking tea/coffee from the vending machine.  I drink a glass of hot water instead 
just spilled my cup of coffee all over me. it was so embarassing. 
I'm saddened by the sudden loss of my coffee pot. He will be sorely missed 
@luke01688 That's my exact Starbucks drink. And there is no Starbucks to be found... 
love to wake  up to a cup of coffe madeby my pops , so good. now im bored and alone and its too early 
After 4 hours of sleep, I made myself a big strong cup of coffee to take to work, only to forget it on the counter at home 
*sigh* back to regular coffee today.  I'll be dreaming of my cafe con leche all day
sooooo sleepy.  need coffee. don't want to get up to make it though 
Coffee then off to work till 10pm 
I need a big coffee, but there is nobody who drink with me 
I hate it when my coffee goes cold 
Drinking gallons of coffee &amp; doing paperwork bbbboooorrrriiinnnggg!!!!!! 
I'm out of coffee 
@jonnyli Waaaaaa! I used to be a flight attendent ... miss it sometimes ...  would you like Tea? Coffee? ...
@itsninenow but you're totally following TEAMTIBET :O sigh I want Starbucks tooooo 
Coffee is joy soon it this week  momma is TIRED!
Coffee not working. 
Wants iced tea mango shake now.  http://yfrog.com/4rxpuj
there is link about how to enjoy dark chocolate within the post..  http://chai-coffee.blogspot.com/2009/04/chocolate-flavoured-math.html
just got back from starbucks.. tried the tea with lemonade very good  miss gg already. 1st one!
Coffee! ...and in less than 24h back on the plane 
working, tweeting, facebooking and enjoying a raspberry mocha latte 
at Tygerwaterfront enjoying a cup of coffee 
I am going to get on with things... just as soon as I've finished this coffee  xx
right next coffee. Over 500 tweets now btw 
@Thehodge that is pretty awesome! it makes me want a smart car now!  (and a cup of tea) 
Home and drinking tea 
...on my 1st cup of coffee, good to be alive 
@belladonna20 morning you *slurps coffee* 
@twitme10 Lol - curry .. cuppa tea ... glass of merlot .... a free doggie ... I'm happy to negotiate 
@kellysays nooooo but im AWAKE had some tea 
@thuu .. it got me a coffee 
Note to self... don't tweet before drinking your morning cup of coffee. 
@DJKidAV I made you some coffee for when you get up  love you &lt;3
@lexusbaby From Starbucks? I had that one time before it was good 
The best part of waking up, is Folgers in your cup!!!  good morning everyone! have a great day!
I just found out that 'koffiekoeken' does not mean coffee cookies. 
sitting on the couch .. thinking how much i have to study... and thinking in a cup of coffe lol 
godbless coffee 
@fossiloflife twitter people check this out ... he has his coffee only at Barista everyday... 
@Pandaran Coffee, for now!  I probably have enough tequila in my liver to tide me over for a while 
Right am off for my java fix who wants one? 
#mmuk09 Ahhh. Tea and biscuits. If you see me with my red macbook, stop me and say hi 
Okay I am feeling much better after doing my makeup and sipping on some Hazelnut Starbucks coffee, yummy  Now I'm just watching the news.
Finishing my first cup of coffee. Hugs to all my fellow tweeters. Hoping for a positive energy day! 
@jhilborn That's true, but until then, I have a dollar in my pocket   And, with that I'm buying coffee from the vending machine. haha
is at monks with her compy and tea. 
No steaks have thrown themselves at me... ;) Buuuut I got a Mocha Frap at Starbucks  almost as good as ice cream ^__^
I am back from lunch, and not stuffed at all. I didn't eat much because I didn't feel like eating a lot, now I'm drinking Iced Tea 
just having coffee - slept in late 
Having coffee in the sunshine and catching up with zoe 
mmm, coffee and toast. What a nice morning 
I'm feeling sleepy, I need some coffee 
The first thing I did with money was by some Starbucks. yumm. 
@MsCatou mmmm ... pancakes! sounds like you could use some coffee too 
I wasnt talking about all intelectuals!!!....what hate is good?  I apologize for my nonsensical ramblings, its coffee talk, no big wuup! 
up very early for a saturday, on my way to coffee bean for a tea latte 
@TinaGerow since you are at Starbucks - can you have a iced mocha for me?    Thanks!
@EvelynBayCoffee - do you have a chocolate tea?  
recording todayyyyy, but first starbucks! tea and coffee here we go haha 
@sendchocolate Ours is built in too    Coffee pot is a good one.
Saturdays, shopping and Starbucks just seem to go together for me 
@coffeemaverick wow! i can smell the coffee coming off of this page!  thanks for the follow - i'm following you #MuchLove for coffee!
I'm trynna' make some Thai Iced Tea, 'cause aye -- It's a beautiful day  Haha.
ahh, coffee. 
is making tea 
@maclily having a fantastic one so far .. but it must be your turn for a coffee run surly 
Just finished drinking a cup of  Starbucks Espresso Truffle. I will be up another 10hrs 
great coffee, great companion 
drinking a venti london fog tea latte... full leaf tea bag = good stuff. 
@cjedmonston perhaps tea will work 
My head hurts. i shuld prolly eat more food and drink less coffee... haha what am i tlkn about? coffee is all i need 
@michaelowenhill haha, great, more tea? 
At work..........just had a cup of coffee. 
i am wanting a cup of tea 
Finally. My daily dose of coffee 
wake up and smell the coffee 
Coffee has pretty much become more of a need than a want...I like that 
is enjoying a (now cold because i forgot i made it) cup of english breakfast tea 
@dsharman Haha! I was expecting someone to come back with Coffee. 
Just finished freewriting &amp; drinking coffe 
coffee..... 
enjoying a quiet house- even if I have to get up before 6 to do it.    Just finished a cup of coffee and I have started the laundry...
cramming for my morning exam :| quesadilla and coffee for bregfust 
Sipping on a cup of hot coffee made by his granny.. 
@ruthnin nope. 5.20 start for me this morning. Tea and coffee are very good friends of mine 
@bennehton How are you today. Morning here just having first cup of coffee 
@tommcfly starbucks is legendary !it's all about the frappucino's though  
@MmmBaileys That's a lot of coffee, I did not know they made a mug that big!  
is making coffee... 
Chilling out, watching a movie, drinking Tea, eating a chicken salad sammich 
@s3dooya Coffee, chocolate, tea, gym 
@producergirl How do u like ur coffee 
@ShibariReiss Meeee toooo  Coffee is the gift that keeps on giving lol
@checkers a bag of grinders in exchange for series 3, or did you just want to have coffee? 
~just got up &amp; need coffee~   
Coffee makes me happy 
heading to Panera with @laserem. Coffee and bagels is our Sunday morning ritual. 
tweeting again from Starbucks coffee! I like this place! 
I'm having another cup of tea, go me 
Having a cuppa joe, deciding which of the housework items I'd like to tackle first. I'd really rather curl up with a book....  
just finished my coffee.. 
@briangoff I am having coffee right now! 
@emilyosmentpage only on the second coffee. the house could fall down, as long as the morning coffee is good, life is good 
@renaeashton  well.. Until i heard about the coffee. 
That's one of the best teas ever 
Drinking coffee 
eggs and coffee 
sippin' the morning coffee. gotta love caffeine. 
Drinking coffee.  http://twitpic.com/3lq63
@lizalee well, the mocha is decaf. So the caffeine amount is negligible--certainly not enough to keep me awake. 
Sipping on some green tea 
@jennym95 drinking coffee. mmm its so good today 
@littlelumen you're in a swanky hotel darlin. What did you expect?  coffee w/ irida @ 930 tom?
is going to have a nice cup of tea 
Sitting in Starbucks with my new intern  We'll be giving you a peek inside of her rockin' wardrobe next week!
mmmmmmmm.......timmys steeped tea 
Starbucks's new drinks..dark berry frapp its so refreshing  now up to work
has learned that going to Starbucks for coffee is like going to prison for sex. You'll get it ... but it will be rough. (thank you Rove 
This morning: a big mug of coffee w/skim milk - not hungry, not for the life of me 
Going to Starbucks 
Njoying vanilla coffee and being happy again 
@jasminepw http://www.rishi-tea.com/ thanks for that link about the fair trade tea 
Coffee and an apple, now thats a good breakfast 
About to enjoy the most perfect looking caramel macchiato in Starbucks, stealing the free wifi from Wetherspoons next door 
coffee, cigarettes and tribal wars 
yummy, tea 
@christinefarmer  Absolutely hilarious, I nearly choked on my coffee  I asked for that. But seriously, do you about it?
sipping coffee at my desk... nice caffeine rush 
enjoying some fresh columbian brew coffee and two oreos 
@summercrane haha tea and chess cube   who has been your most formidable opponent?
-&gt; Lapsang souchong remains my favourite black tea 
coffee, banana, wet suit, surfboard, brad = 
is ready to wash up after tea 
just back from a cuppa at the drum shop - long way to go for a cup of tea in a plastic cup - but so worth it 
Really enjoying my latte this morning  Shortly after my last sip, dd and I will be elbow deep in finger paint 
Had my first Iced Carmel Macchiato from Starbucks this year today!! Then got to enjoy the sun and have class outside in the garden! 
is drinking her coffee mmm 
@pursebuzz..G-Mornin' Pursebuzz..! Coffee..? 
my dogs a cup of coffee and my backyard... That's all I need right now! *content sigh* 
@mountainmudbabe nothing a cup of coffee and some nerf guns can't handle!! 
nothing like a chai latter from Starbucks first thing in the morning....now ready for the gym 
@Startatone how about a non-fat chai tea latte?  
@Spitphyre hehe .. some marketing genius shud get a sponsorship for #yayman and #yobabe to go out for Coffee date 
is going to grab a nice, hot cup of coffee  Unfortunately, I have to go out in the cold to get it 
@radiojen i like both  but I like Coffee Bean's mocha better. love the milky taste
@wgsun  the coffee looks sooo delicious! i wish i had some now! and you look so cute   http://pikchur.com/1a5
started my day with a nice hot cup of coffee. sweet 
may or may not have come to school with a Starbucks... well, you love it  
Designed a multithreaded user authentication system right now. Chaosteil is proud of himself. Coffee 
before I can say anything I have to get my first coffee cup 
Morning folks  Coffee is on me...or tea...whichever you prefer 
Heading to town with @ndixon (sporting my haircut handiwork) and looking forward to the walk in the sunshine. Coffee unavoidable. 
is on a coffee break 
@techAU check out @suziam she's unreal. Drives a mini. Probably wodonga. She'll be up or coffee anytime 
I'm up, my coffee is ready, my document is open, now to dig in. 
In Starbucks with my gorgeous wife, latte and banana and nut muffin 
brb need coffee 
More coffee I think 
Any task looks simplier with a cup of coffee 
Gmornin! Coffee in hand jammin otw to work. Long busy day. Another day, another dollar 
is going for a coffee with mum 
@JoelisGagafied We should! Get Starbucks and listen to our men 
@mocha2201 slowly but surely 
@tallivansunder u sure like tea 
@nzdeany I love cheese on toast and coffee  - that and cereal - two of my favourite dinners!
@NicolaWwilts wow, you start early it's only 08.35 here and I am still drinking coffee, looking forward to seeing those when finished 
And yea, they were crazies, unfortunately I knew them! But on an upside they brought me Starbucks since I didn't go with them earlier 
@Darkdrift I don't like coffee either....I was starting to feel I'm the only one who doesn't. Glad I found one more 
Morning all.. having a nice cup of tea and the sun is shining 
@michaelmagical You are a hardcore coffee lover aren't you?  Do you like tea?
Wow. It's raining so hard again. Have to make me some coffee. 
@clairehatvani go on!!! do it!!! you can have a cup of tea when you've done some 
@bravoranwell more tea will solve that 
enjoying a relaxing saturday morning, drinking dunkin donuts cinnimon flavored coffee with milk and hot coco...very content 
Up and getting ready. Coffee, banana, bagel. A little rain on the forecast. It's gonna be a fun 50 miles. 
Drinking coffee and making breakfast then selling beer all day 
Girls are asleep, I enjoy the wonderful afternoon w/ a cup of coffee... Thoughts are circling 
@NoLuckNeeded i can do that every day so i guess i should work on my coffee consume 
A cup of tea cures emoness 
you know what sounds good right now? Coffee  yeah i could use a dose of starbucks right about now.
I'll bake you muffins and make you apricot tea. 
having brakfast with brita at coffee underground 
mmmmm coffee.... 
@ferociousb why do you need coffee anyway? 
drinking my coffee, daydreaming about starbucks from eileeninaysimon in Dohney 
Off to serve my cricket tea, byeeeeeee for now 
@gfalcone601  Coffee for the win 
It's a.m., so I'm drinking coffee....   I'm happy now!!
drinking some Gevalia coffee and eating pancakes 
mmmm enjoying my starbucks vanilla latte and blueberry coffee cake 
Coffee 
@yourvegas Listening 2 ATATC while drinking a mocha frappucino from Starbucks right now is yummier then ur yogurt 
Late night coffee and such with tommy 
good morning   pain au chocolat's are in the oven, coffee pot on,  and then I'm going to throw open all the atelier windows and paint!
@tekhelet In that case I might have to threaten the taking away of Farmers Union Iced Coffee 
strange combination: coffee, elections and pensions... 
note to myself: stop thinking so hard. beware of analysis paralysis. ;-)) anyway, this coffee is indistinguishable from magic 
Is having a little tea break with stace and coetzie 
got a cup of tea and just got up! 
@philiplavoie thanks buddy, coffee and a donut helped 
is just getting up &amp; enjoying a cup of tea! 
good ol' tea 
Installed in the office. Coffee, sandwich, peace and quiet 
@cmcriverdawn @DarkPiano I just took my first sip, so I no longer care which came first: the laundry or the coffee! 
@PaperCakes sorry I got coffee too... looking for some yummy breakfast 
@ChelsieSaid I open up a coffee shop on the weekends 
@hellivina That vid was kinda funny. Tea in the parla make the girls holla...lol.  
waiting 4 my coffee 2 brew what would i do w/o it? 
@rosebelly Tea is great!(actually I don't drink coffee, I just figured that was the most political thing to say) 
Just drank a smoothie 
mm, green tea. 
Coffee for all!  *shares*
@having cold coffee ... 
Coffee is so good when you can sit and drink it and watch ur kids play outside on this semi beautiful day. I think ill stay in oz 
ahhh....coffee!  
WORKING today...  Mmmmmm Coffee.
@melaniepaige, i'm having a sweet tea too! 
@mightyvanessa Drink some coffee. don't do it if you are allergic/ 
anyone wanna grab a coffee at westfield this morning? who's out and about? 
@fireflyhunts I was thinking of making me some tea 
It's been a while since I had a flavored coffee. I would love one right now, but I hate how wiggy it makes me!!!! 
it's one of those evenings I just want to curl up with some tea and read infront of my fireplace 
@katalee02 I have an expresso machine 
Peach and mango tea 
@Kristil I hadn't thought of it as a baptism by coffee... That's almost as nice as a new car smell, too. I am just being hard on myself. 
coffee from the cute barista tastes way better when its free 
good teas are expensive...  Simbly is good 
@ColinCurtisKS Haha not so much but I do enjoy going to places like Radinas or Starbucks and I get alt stuff. We should go sometime 
Morning coffee. Just great 
@MelodiaAlegria ah, that's fair.  but good coffee never hurt anybody 
@slackadjusterr I usually park on the dead end by Starbucks. A girl has to have her priorities. 
Goodmorning  twitlers! Drinking my latte macchiato to wake me up  before i get ready for work.
Off to have coffee now 
finally having my cup of coffee!!! 
Morning.. Coffee and fresh air  
Getting my self a nice cup of tea and turn on some music 
Coffee didn't turn out good tiday but excellent! 
@krs10_s make me tea pleaseeeeeeeeeee 
Having a cup of tea 
ok, 1st ginormous cup of coffee down, monday looking much better to me. 
In the arts having coffee and cake 
@RichieSosa I want some....LOL  I got the coffee ha ha
@NewYorkChica I understood you pre-coffee tweet  I'm good
Coffee brewing, on this #musicmonday morning i'm #listening to the fray... Here's to a good week 
Tea at lee rosy's 
is making a cuppa coffeee 
@grahamguy more coffee 
good morning - thank you for my hot cup of tea @ryancoleman 
I need a coffee 
tea numver 7  (i may start on the coffee in a minute but that has way too much caffene in :S)
Starbucks I'm lovin' it 
Mmmmmm.... Coffee... 
Going to get some coffee 
waking up again, this time with a hot cup of coffee 
Coffee time  be back later kisses*
@BackStory Maybe u should get a coffee machine at your new desk, seems appropriate 
I'm in the Starbucks with a cup of coffee   http://yfrog.com/ehhmyj
@enjoymore Your cave? Does it have an espresso machine? 
enjoying my coffee with this super delicious cookie 
(L) ice grande half-sweet French vanilla soy milk from Starbucks means summaa's coming !!! 
@userealbutter door's open, your cup of tea is waiting 
@having hot cuppa coffee made with milk &amp; fortified with Monin's Irish Coffee syrup! Bliss! 
@SAROAR  Trudat... I even have my own peppermint syrup from Starbucks. 
is about to make a nice cup of tea and pop some benadryl...long day...stay positive twitterbugs...goodnight! 
@dreamer0407 ohh and Coffee Break is my fave too! they rock!! LOL 
the coffee is in the making! 
has gone through about 6 tea bags , call me obbsessed , i say thirsty 
@iantalbot It was indeed a lovely evening. Over far too quickly  I got home at 1115 in the end. Coffee in bed this morning 
Having a cup of tea  I have a cold so it's tasting really good!
Grabbing coffee from @dunkindonuts then making mom breakfast 
eating breakfast and drinking coffe - strong coffe! 
@rustycharm seems that you, @samnzed and I are all ex-baristas!  Commonalities ftw!
@ascrivner come over to my place for a cup of tea 
i'm watching F1 on speed... kitty on lap... coffee in my cup... life is good.  
having a nice cup of tea in a cup and saucer 
is watching the F1 with a cup of tea....instead of revision. 
@stephmcintosh Drinking Tea,watching TV w/ bad reception, thinking maybe i wanna go see night at the museum next week, The usual really 
@Shangraham ya we snagged some nice stuff in vacuum bags from Coffee Fool, omg it smelled so good when i opened it 
http://twitpic.com/4x1aq this is me in the studio... drinking my favouuurite Starbucks drink.. YUUUUMMM!! 
i need a coffee 
getting up at 6 am tomorrow is gonna suck ass... will need a Starbucks at the airport to wake up 
Droped my phone in a cup on soda yesarday I tought it wuldt wor again but it works now 
I hear the sounds of kids making breakfast downstairs. I hope they remember to make me some coffee 
new coffee pjs 
is in Starbucks, enjoying a hot grande caramel machiatto with affogato. 
Yay coffee 
is thinking of Starbucks promo of half price by bringing your own mug or tumbler.. hmmmmm.... Menggiurkan..... 
I need Coffee!!! Or redbull...whatever can get me going 
@embee coffee now  And I steamed the milk x2
I need more coffee and redbull 
@Starbucks i love java chip frappe. the best 
@miahchua But I was gonna be your new best friend for a measly cup of coffee... 
@springcricket aayup my lil love demon,,, u ok??? So have we gotta keep u awake!!! Coffee &amp; jack daniels 
@organizedhome if I stay up for much longer it's tea and hot buttered toast for me 
mmm morning coffee 
I'm tempted to have another double shot of espresso... it's so much fun to make 
refresh tea n food network 
Morning!!! Essays started already ofcourse with a cup of tea  how English 
@mrtrev Not yet - time for more tea, though 
???????????! Coffee time with some chocolate 
More coffee........ 
@imeldalaura when you get a minutes from ducking cups of tea you've got some explaining to do 
OK, coffee break over, off to the studio, be back later 
is having a strong cuppa coffee  
Fixed it. I knew more coffee would help 
@mikap  we have coffee and cookies ready for you  
Up and writing an article, and of course, drinking coffee! 
You know what I need right now? Coffee  &amp; grrrrrrrr, ! I hate CBT's :'(
mmm lovely cuppa coffee.i like having my own private coffee machine  
Morning all! Coffee is brewing 
rice crispies and coffee  school then cheerleading meet and greet!
coffee, twitter &amp; grocery list - perfect together  
Coffee time 
@JanyMarie  u forgot the coffee? 
Coffee does a body good...lol! Not really but it taste damn good 
Oh that was soooo very good  and I still have coffee to drink too  perfect timing from @shinydan (for a change hehe)
@CaffeineFueled Only three cups? I'll have that knocked out by 9:30. 
Drinking coffee... 
Coffee, coffee, coffee... Wake up, wake up, wake up! Late night yesterday. The performance was amazing! But, I'm so sleepy... 
Maybe it wasn't so busy.  already waiting on my latte  
My coffee got cold before I could drink it  I bet I can find more though!! 
@WiscMAG none of that fancy tea for me.. i'm drinking english breakfast. 
@roxerally ha ha  You better have a strong coffee then! 
@spastasmagoria You go ahead and make your mean cup of tea. I'll lure them in with lasagna. 
@latticelinux I brought you an espresso truffle with an extra shot of espresso 
whoo hoo i actually got my iced coffee delivery! i have the best sister eveeeer 
Coffee and ice cream until its time to clean up the party at work.   
got me some danimals crush cups 
at railway mall's coffee bean with fawn &amp; val 
sipping a delicious cup of tea 
the brightest part about sunday mornings in the office is when my coffee &amp; banana nut muffin arrive   it goes downhill from there!
I hate bureaucracy!!! On a lighter note though, I'm really enjoying my freshly brewed coffee 
Tea time. I think I'll have hot green tea and pear tonight 
mmmm morning blunt n coffee 
Lunching in the Coffee Been and Tea Leaf 
Tea and cake stop 
drinking tea 
good afternoon twitterers ) having my second cup of coffee 
How much does that rock!   I'm a slightly happy hyperactive bunny right now.. must be all the coffee...
must get myself another coffee . . . Can. Not. Resist. . . . caffiene calls and I'm its bitch . . . at least I'm man enough to admit it. 
green tea again 
Coffee and Reading rainbow! 
@ZaphodCamden could just do with coffee and cake, enjoy 
@guylainem123  and afternoon's  *sipps her hazelnut flavored coffee*
@CraigTeich Indeed! I did not go to bed at all, and am looking forward to worshipping a few cups of coffee soon! 
@arisearisearise i'll hire you at my coffee shop 
Making some coffee and bagels. Going to enjoy them on the back porch 
@scorpiojerm sit for another 30m, sip tea, then once again attempt to finish it 
@coldenvy need an afternoon pep up..... coffee.. cupcakes..... 
@linnetwoods LOL I need some coffee - I am not with a Coffee in hand! lol I asked if you wanted the truth or the truth? lol  #coffeetime
just got up. i'm off to eat biscuits and drink tea! 
My homemade Mocha Frappuccino and cheesy scrambled eggs yum yum yummy 
@williger Aw, you were missed! Coffee &amp; twitter... the ingredients for my morning too! 
Still in bed, watching reliable sources. The coffee is tickling my nose 
On the way to maddys housee. Tea party at the ritz  miss my girrrllssss a lot 
I love my coffee. 
Coffee&amp;Actionscripting afternoon 
Falling in love at a coffee shop -landon pigg 
pretty morning. happy coffee. 
@cosmicpanther I totally chug my coffee like it's water. I usually chastise (sp?) myself for doing that-it's nice to know i'm not alone! 
Coffee, newspaper, and nothing that needs to get done today. 
@salleegal just coffee! feel pretty good actually 
puttn on my glasses gotta drive to 7 eleven to get coffee, i dnt want home made today 
is drinking a chai latte in the back of a black cab, and is rather smitten with her new dresses 
ahhhhhhhh coffee and my pupy, doesn't get much better 
@MychemxMARS yeah ice coffee XD actually lots of people dont like coffee 
Coffee, and apple pie. 
drinking coffee 
just got back from a Target/Starbucks run.  Another rainy day.  Coffee helps  
Drinking coffee in bed with a bagel 
iced coffee = heaven 
is having a well earned rest, with a big bar of cadburys and a big mug of tea 
Off to Starbucks, clients and showings...Wow, my days are looking really predictable... I might have to throw in a pedicure soon 
At work almost done  then going to Starbucks 
going for coffee with elizabeth 
Cous cous and sweet tea  yumyumyum
Iced Chai Tea Lattes = a drink from heaven 
In other news, I'm getting a cup of coffee and getting back to work. 
@erinnnelizabeth: you're welcome! hahaha. it was funn, i got my green tea latte. 
@TrissaO i can't drink coffee unless its iced and from mcdonalds 
ok I'm telling all of my clients that post massage they need &quot;hot coffee and slimjims&quot; 
@vlesierse Have fun in the States! Starbucks, whoohoo 
I need Starbucks! 
@mkosma I was at the damned Coffee Bean when it happened, didn't feel a thing. Probably cuz I had too much caffeine, was shakin already 
@bonniebullock you are such a STAR....  Coffee again soon please 
Coffee time 
At 1 am there's nothing better than a hot shower and a steaming cup of tea 
@Kenzielee_ I'll just finish my cuppa and I'll be straight round 
..time for a cup of tea and fruit bagels, i'm going to turn the day around! 
@b50 I'll be there soon, to claim my coffee. 
@Rubyletters maybe it stepped out for some tea or snifilis medicine 
Making a nice cup of vanilla coffee - mmm 
This morning is brought to you by the beverage Coffee. I love #coffee 
@deversum aww shucks! *hugs ya* I hope the coffee helps with the waking up 
reading book in big chair with big mug coffee, snoozing some more - these will be my antihistamine-zonked day -  but no itch or cough 
Coffee time 
already over-tweaked it on the coffee... 
not that drinking my home coffee is bad... i'm still loving the espresso machine someone bought me 2 years ago 
Proofreadings and drinking coffee. 
Proofreading and drinking coffee. 
i found out that i can make some pretty okay iced tea 
back from the lesson, drinkin my first coffee. on myspace 
@MrA_ you could have popped in for a cuppa 
mmmm...coffee! 
Time for Coffee. Mocha 
Coffee is good.  
The workshop is going well seems to be more chatting than making and as I've just done the coffees we'll see 
warming up with a cuppa tea 
a cup of tea is a great friend in this afternoon 
Coffee time ! 
I just drank 3 cups of coffee! I'm probably gonna have to poop soon. 
enjoying a cup of tea while it's quiet...kids are still asleep 
i just bought 8 cans of coffee 
@RickyBee coffee to hand darling and calming down now 
@ThePaulDaniels at least you found the tea 
@ThePaulDaniels I so hate that feeling evian spray helps  and strong coffee 
@SarahSaner Tea is served  how are you?
@halseanderson thanks for the tea offering, but i need my coffee.  
@Moonpoppy cuppa juice perhaps?  How you doing today? 
is anticipating some hot tea. 
is having a cup of hot coffee.. hmm yummyyy 
Smoking a cigarette and having some coffee before i start work 
Coffee.much.coffee.  In other news: this is going to be a great day and even better wk. I just *feel* it !! 
@randomspaces I'm about to go have more coffee with @mshappening ;)  then I'm switching directly to beer.... well, there might be whiskey 
@cchellez :passes along the coffee:  
@aheartforgod Coffee first. Always. 
Enjoying quiet child free time at starbucks ...ahhh coffee 
is enjoying this beautiful moring with a cup of coffee 
just had my morning coffee..yummy!! 
It's Starbucks time! 
Drinking some black tea.  It's delicious!  
@tazwube at Starbucks, on my way to work 
@da1ison amen to that. Coffee is america's most effective stimulus plan. 
@seblefebvre you should have coffee first..  helps ya at working out..
Making some coffee 
Nothing a good cup of tea and vitamin d can't fix. 
@jasonridge1 *brews you a fresh pot of E-Coffee* Here you go buddy. What's on your agenda today 
Enjoying a delicious cup of Healthy Coffee 
@moomama I know the feeling. Coffee! Lots of it! 
@redheaddesign Could go for more coffee, but otherwise good 
@eatlikeagirl a cup of tea suggested  This is what i do in similar situation, don't know if its tea or my belief!
Morning coffee.. here it`s almost like a liquid of life 
good afternoon manila...coffee break...and literally, having a cup of coffee...haha 
Having high tea at cova now 
Mornung all  3 coffee already...
@Sinteque a coffee junkie.... 
@joycloete @joycloete feeling much better now  here's a virtual espresso for your sympathy
is off to have coffee with bigbrother downtown, while my beloved one still sleeps  then I'll be at work for ... http://plurk.com/p/vezsb
eating a sandwich ) and drinking iced tea 
@DarkSabreLord I'll assume that was @ me. I'm in the process of eating them. Along with Starbucks Espresso truffles and Ferrero Rocher. 
Just been gossiping with @Tea_tyrant?! 
Tea time with charles.  http://yfrog.com/5f7juj
Coffee time. 
just finished the talk at the university and heading out for coffee now with rizza 
@NovaWildstar Ah cure for grumpy is coffee and cake 
my afternoon lemon tea 
@RebekahHarriman I can relate to the needing more tea 
@forbairt aham... Lets all have a coffee to wake up lol 
look what th checkers/chess table at Starbucks has provoked  http://sn.im/ijl91 very funny article. just imagine being the ppl in th store
@ToYKillAS drinking flavored coffee, read but not news ... and enjoy it   How R U?
Today is a busy day.. I need my peace to work non-stop though I need plenty of coffee - what would the world look without coffee? ey! 
mmmmm....coffee 
Somone just posted about Starbucks... I think it would be great if they'd build one in Aviemore  om nom..
good morning sun that doesn't shine....i'm watching angel episodes and having my 3rd cup of tea  sleeping is overrated. ha.
#ralphonelottery coffee and cake, or pint and crisps? 
@ahanson awww I just had a coffee and millies apple and cinnamon! 
3:30am is way too early to get up. Coffee anyone?  
@orangy68 lol well have some *hugs* with your coffee and don't sweat the small stuff! 
cuppa coffee and some toast will go down reet nicely 
@reishi_coffee Thanks for following me 
Is drinking a beautiful cup of  ginger  &amp; lemon tea 
7:43 AM.  Coffeecoffeecoffeecoffeecoffeecoffeecoffeecoffeecoffeecoffee!  I think I'd like some coffee.  
@dszuc How was that coffee??? 
@MissLed don't be such a weakling! Everything we have is fuelled by coffee.. mmm, caffeine 
7:43 AM. Coffeecoffeecoffeecoffeecoffeecoffeecoffeecoffeecoffeecoffee!           I think I'd like some coffee. 
@michellefabio I made iced tea last summer &amp; my boyfriend made a funny face when he tried it. Maybe green tea would go over better! 
Having a multi-grain bagle &amp; coffee mahasha 
coffee and coding 
Seeking solace in coffee..... mmm 
@starbucks mmmm. Coffee just starts my day off right  even the smell makes me smile!
made cous cous for tea 
Nothing like a good cup of coffee to get a morning started 
just ate crumpets with marmite bacon and beans, mmmm  now sitting in bed with laptop gilmore girls and a cup of tea. i loveeeeeeee brad
meeee tooo @Bananamtx.. and Starbucks just made it better &lt;3 yummy! TY! 
Having a pancake and coffee and wanting to play golf  
@adreajoy713 I brought coffee from home. Of course, that doesn't help with the calories 
is in Starbucks with the guys discussing coffee combinations, apparently I'm a coffee expert 
Is not so keen on green tea after all...nothings beta than that good ol' black tea 
Dineke has brought in some stroopwafels!  Currently warming mine over my coffee cup....yummy 
@bobmcwhirter i have no travel plans beyond the espresso machine. Meeting ajourned 
@RachelRoseberry @morganbritney....i started with my iced coffee as well  happy friday!
loungin outback, taking in the scenery and relaxing with my first cup of coffee in a long time.. ima tea chick 
trinking my daily latte macchiato 
Just did a major cleaning session and is now going to have a cup of coffee and twitter 
is loving the cup of tea that carys just made her!!!  thanks chris 
i just had the best coffee ever. i will always buy my coffee there from now on 
Rooibos Tea has the highest antioxidants of any plant in the world!  It is also yummy   http://tiny.cc/rooibos
Coffee in hand, earbuds in ears, some dave playing.... headed to class 
@FollowThePadres  Get me a coffee too, will you please? 
Nothing better than a soy chai latte in the morning 
coffee and thrifting with the ladies 
@IrishLad585 how's that sammich and coffee? 
@Ihavealottosay to beable to sleep ppl recommend a soothing tea before bed. also dont drink any coffee or soda after about 1pm 
glider food complete.. now time for chocolate milk and business card entry from creative coffee tonight 
@Aydsman have a coffee for me 
@dododayao so what happens when you mix scotch and coffee together? 
@heycassadee i know how you feel....99cent iced coffees at speedway can cure that 
Now that I've got some sugar and coffee the day is looking up 
loves it when I gets stuck in Starbucks with a guy that's trying to witness to me.  I'm making him work hard for my conversion. 
@MsLiberty and that wasn't intentionally redundant, this tea is distractingly amazing. 
thanks debbie, madz and @gabgabesp for the free coffee and donut 
now i'm drinking my morning coffee  black, strong taste, with sugar http://bit.ly/YWGGl
@Coffee_And_ADD ahh ok. Indeed they r strange boys. But we still luv them dont we? 
Coffee and bagels with hummus.  yum. It's gonna be a long night.
Went to &quot;Alan's Espresso&quot; today. He still makes the best Coffee in Brisbane. Talked to him about how to start being a Barista.. 
@chelseabird i almost did that to document all the chai tea i've tried at different places 
Waiting in the sun for the train to arrive with a cup of coffee.. 
@die_markeza maybe if I put some vodka  in the coffee, it will create a mix of wanting to sleep and wanting to do something 
enjoying my chai tea cream frap from starbucks. powered me up for work. 
I love it when you have coffee and @UpdharmaDown when it rains. The feeling's just incomparable. 
@woganmay well, you can't have my specific cup of coffee. but i'll give you your own cup?! 
is drinking tea and listening to 5fm 
is bright and breezy and on her fourth coffee 
@lilypenelope haha!!!! we'll get along splendidly... i take coffee breaks all day long! except for now... cuz i should sleep  &amp; merci!!!!
made the $$$ now attempting productivity... more coffee.. yum yummo 
is having breakfast in bed!!! cereal and a nice cup of tea with fresh fruits on the side 
McDonalds pancakes and syrup, coffee and hash brown  :-D
@pseud0random No it's not - I drink coffee in the mornings too 
@CatatonicCat What's the point of publishing my research if no-one's going to read it?  Neither Tea, Coffee nor Sleep worked.
@Springsteenjosh sounds good, coffee and toast here with bickering great-tits and bickering daughter 
