Most common words for this cluster:
[('cold', 888), ('warm', 110), ('weather', 37), ('day', 31), ('amp', 28), ('summer', 24), ('winter', 22), ('ice', 22), ('rainy', 19), ('lol', 18), ('head', 17), ('water', 16)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'cold', 0.9520452618598938), (u'chilly', 0.7145176529884338), (u'TONIGHT_Clear', 0.7017548084259033), (u'Cold', 0.6906542778015137), (u'frigid', 0.681740403175354), (u'chill', 0.680920422077179), (u'warm', 0.6756193041801453), (u'fast_Yazel', 0.6611821055412292), (u'Brrrr', 0.6575630307197571), (u'Frigid_temps', 0.6564687490463257)]





8:00am typical British morning. Cold, wet, road full of miserable angry drivers..... good times! I need a holiday 
Nothing beats the cold, damp feeling you get when pulling on a wet pair of knicks 
going out sidee in dee cold. 
When will i finally get over this cold? 
it's sooo super duper cold 
has got a cold coming  how shite!!
No cold water tap in our bathroom  I miss my cold water
fever has started  anyone have any miracle cures for a cold?
@incrediblesteve  Cold turkeys the only way I know 
@KevAnthony let me give you a hug, its cold here too 
has a really bad cold 
It's so cold this morning! Not even 40 degress today. I'm wearing 3 layers and still shaking. Brrrr.... 
at the airport... its soooo cold and the walk is soooo long. 
is very tired and has no energy  as she has the cold 
Brrrr...it's cold 
@tiffanyizatt lol. it should be in the upper 70s here  this cold is just wrong.
this stupid cold is taking over me  I just want my bed now
@Rohdni nothin much got a cold  i love you more
I think im gettin a cold 
caught the cold... 
I hate working in a cold warehouse 
now i got a cold.. 
really really unwell, this cold is killing me 
Goodmorning it sucks having a cold when its 78 degrees outside 
Waiting in the cold for a manager to come 
just walked the dog. everyone else is hot but im stone cold 
@flyingwithkids Oh Raspberries!  I bet the cold weather isn't helping either 
is trying to get over her cold! 
I haven't been doing so well with my new regime, as i think i've got a cold, i feel so ill 
Taking a nap this cold is kicking my butt 
@nmfirelover I know the feeling about getting your coworkers sick , oh well , think I got my cold from one 
Having some teaand hoping this cold will go away soon 
I think I'm catching a cold  even though it's 70 degrees outside
standing outside in the cold 
cold and tired 
I'm like littarly shivvering of the coldness  &amp;&amp; I'm kind of hungreyy!
cold and raining 
I think I've got a cold 
Feeling quite cold all of a sudden  Brrr!
Still recovering from my cold 
in bed wid a bad cold 
Having a cold (again) 
@studiojunkies recoverin from a cold  .. how u bn
is bored silly and i think i hav a cold :-              is bored silly...and i think i hav a cold 
i have a head-achey cold thing meeeh not good  but had fresh coffee and pancakes for breakfast so that cheered me up...a little
i hate having a cold 
i was wrong.. the cold time is coming again...  blahh  
cold rainy    ....................  :]
I'm friggin cold and wondering why i don't have any extra blankets in the house...    
i have a bad cold a fever and a tooth ace 
my cold came back. 
@AndyHannon  smoke a little for 420 and chill out!
I'm feeling sorry for myself - I have a nasty cold 
My cold bubble bath to ease my sunburn helped a ton...but now I'm wide awake! 
@StDAY I still say you're lucky. I wish it was warm here.  
I want cold  snow, cold, hot chocolate *_____* brazil so hot '-'
I've got a cold 
Waiting for the bus in the cold 
i av got a cold an needs a cwtch !!!!!  x
Today isnt looking pretty hot. A dark cold rainy day is upon us 
cold rainy nasty day - after such a nice weekend 
is having a nasty cold 
What was I thinking this morning... laarzen, zwart wollen jurkje?! Warm dat ik het heb! 
@CrysAnGeL77 ..thts a good thing right? Cold and rainy here..sux 
@CamilleJaiden I'd have super heat any day, cold is suffering to me, I can't stand it 
I'm too warm 
Why is it still so warm outside? 
now that the alcohol is wearing off my cold is coming back  *sniffle*
@GLAMOROUSVANDAL I have a bad cold, the weather went from warm to very cold... it's winter here soon... i can feel it 
got a cold 
@mh9899 I'd love to but you wouldn't want me there. I'd only sneeze &amp; cough &amp; in the end u'd have my cold. 
is so fed up of this stupid cold! 
I want this cold to go away 
sittin here in the dark. light went out. its cold. and we have to use candles 
@danudey Cold, overcast weather and work for us mere mortals 
m having bad cold todaY!! HUHU 
it's a bit cold 
I'm awake but this cold is back and making me feel rough 
sorry didn't realise tweetdeck was giving me the cold shoulder.....and it's not even midday!! 
has a bit of a cold and is exhausted 
i wish this stupid cold would go it seems like i have had it forever 
rainy start to the day.. too bad its too cold for tornadoes 
Having a cold + 37 weeks pregnant = totally sucks! 
 have the cold its horrible . cant stop sneezing x
omg can yall believe i still have this cold. 
hmm my lungs hurt... tequilla with my cold wasnt the best idea ever 
am tired of coughing and blowing my nose... Cold, cold go away!! 
have a nasty cold 
Its hailing...I want it to be warm 
I think I've caught a cold ..   
I don't want to sleep on the sofa... in the cold  if I knew this earlier I would have left a long time ago. *sigh*
Waiting in the cold for bf to pick me up. He's late. 
i have the monday blues  nothing that beer can't fix! ice cold, kgo! adventure awaits.
fixing shed roof in the cold and it keeps rainin on an off 
got a cold 
oh nooo can feel my cold coming back again!!-not good 
@LucasZenHannon from hell? i hear its warm 
this cold has taken a turn for the worse 
@AnnieDAFG gahh i'm listening to that now =/ complete shivers.. 
@emzyjonas outside yet im freezing  :o
uhg...  cant breathe, stupid cold :/
gonna go get some more coffee...damp cold and rainy outside 
extremely unhappy that she has caught a cold 
@PrincessC87 u knoooow lol it aint even hot here though its cold  i hate it
i hate this cold  please go away.
still has this cold... and it really sux..   maybe i shulda stayed with my mommy again tonite
@iyamalhotra feeling little feverish and a cold. sniff sniff 
trying to warm up!  its freezing!   
stiff achy fingers arnt to nice to have in this cold weather 
@brookehaskins she will never drink !!!!! LOL are u having a good day!! Cold &amp; wet here 
its fucking cold! why is it so cold? 
the curse of being too engrossed with troubleshooting: cold coffee. bleah. 
Its bloody cold n grey 
curse this cold that i have for the past 4 to 5 days   could see the burger but the taste-buds were unambiguously and unequivocally dead.
trying to get over my cold 
I haz a wet spot on my bed. But not a warm yummy one, this one is cold  stupid leaking water.
blaaaah. i have the cold 
Cold wind at the fair but daughter and I were daredevils on the dodgems so worth braving - not sure about the hotdogs tho time will tell 
I'm catchin a damn cold 
Cold showers are so many kinds of uncool 
Man its cold! And wet 
And I think my throat's getting messed up from all the soda I've been drinking and also the cold wind 
Nursing a nasty cold  I plan to tackle it with zombies, xena and ephedrine.
cold bed once again 
coming down with a head cold  so much to do tomorrow and i'll have to be outside in the cold most of the day! wish i was somewhere warmer
Off to the mississauga halfmarathon, disgusting cold outside 
Oh dear feels like I'm getting the cold 
Motherday here in germany- cold and cloudy 
its freezing 
I think i just caught a cold 
and to add to that, so can winter! lol the cold has fully gotten to my emotions 
has really bloody cold feet 
has the worst cold. siiigh..  cold number four of 2009..
@MrCrunchiebar well i had noticed a rather large temperature drop between the hours of 12 and two! hazy conditions looming! Cold hands! 
Trying to get rid of a cold until monday 
needs to get rid of this cold 
Ending up getting cold feet 
wtf all of the starbucks around here are out of the cold cup look alike tumbers! 
My yummy cold jug is missing! I am sad. 
argh! i want summer back it's going to be a wet cold winter! 
@chaneldiorizi whateverrr you knew what i meant. its cold 
trying to get warm cause its cold! 
Morning! It's official now - I have got a cold  boo!
eh. going to sisters ice skating comp  cold much??
dying of a cold! 
still got my cold  been up all night coughing and blowing my nose... lovely!
Ugh. So I believe I have the first symptoms of a cold. I don't want to be sick! 
Morning, i'm soooooo sleepy. plus, I can't get rid of this cold/allergy thing  blah.
damn it... i should SO be in new york right now. eff rainy, cold, nasty markham 
I really would like to have an ice-cold glass of wine but I still have 3 months to go 
my house is super cold 
Starting my day out with a wonderful cold... sucks, I can't believe I'm getting a cold 
It's so Cold and i'm hungry 
Is dying of a cold 
just wanna go home and cuddle with my little bean who has her first cold ever 
is not happy coz its cold and wet 
Allergies? Cold? I have no idea but it's sucky 
I'm in withdrawal, cold turkey; it hurts 
I have a bad cold  (via #zenjar )
its sooo cold 
australia is very cold now we ausally very warm i dont like the cold 
i have such a bad cold and i feel awful 
Oh god. I think ive got a cold. 
@grey_quoique excited yet sad to leave friends here...and not to forget leaving the cold weather! 
damn it make this cold go away 
so tired. still..and so cold ..not been warm once since i came back 
definitely have a baaad cold  grr!
grr, I hate this never ending cold I seem to have, just can't get rid of it at all 
I think im getting a cold 
is feeling like im catching a cold.. 
my cold is back 
@tommcfly I think I've got your cold 
i don't think this cold is ever gunna go away 
still sitting in bed debating on when &amp; if to shower today. The cold is moving from a head cold to a chest cold. 
cold outside, studying inside, going out tonight , great long weekend..to study 
Not doing much today....sick with head cold..... 
has a bad cold...and my kids not helping 
Just home from Airsofting ; Cold feet and tired 
@McJuniors toms got a cold 
i feel like crap...   damn this cold....
Springs? Cold as balls 
It's kinda cold. I wish I would have grabbed a jacket 
has a bad cold. 
isn't enjoying this cold weather  WARM COMEEEEE to me!
@thevixy with this cold/flu thing, I barely have a voice 
Still got the cold  I looked in the mirror and ew'ed at myself
How on earth do i have another cold 
Cold pie is strangely unappealing. 
it's all rainy &amp; cold  i'm eating dinner while feeling sorry 4 my dogs
@drcdiva it's dark now though, and cold  
Trying not to drink cold water or any cold beverage for one week  to stop this cold that keeps bothering me.
says good afternoon. Ulan. Cold. Brrrrr... and lonely. 
Just woke up freezing cold forgeting I fell asleep with my windows open 
On the bus.Cold!  hope mah parents feel better! &lt;3
and now I have really bad head cold...seriously wondering what I did to deserve all this bad karma??!?!? 
Pretty sure I'm coming down with a bloody cold 
I'm catching a cold a little bit 
I have a bad chest cold   But I made good money tonight!
How is it this cold in ny in may? It feels like its in the 30s 
I'm rele rele tired.  I'm standing outside in the cold at gentry.  
I have sore ears from the plane and my cold mixd together 
Cold cold cold, damn cold outside 
@jcalvarez have a wonderfull day ,stay warm its cold out 
i hate having the cold  it saddens me deeply.
@iamrickyparker ehhh, it was alright. ended up catching a cold 
where did all the warm weatherrr gooo? 
I wish this cold would go away 
My hands are icy cold. I'm screwed........ @mentalgoatmilk buatkan exam ku 
i have the cold.. yay 
Cold and tired  I really should get more sleep
Making my mom some tea because she haz a cold and taking some oscillococcinum cuz I have a stuffy nose 
Ugh, got the cold 
@biseskisses hi - I'm still working on a cold rainy evening 
I got a cold and I don't like it 
laying in bed so bored.. had an early doctors appt, now trying to get back to sleep but failing miserably  sun's out but its stil cold
My poor puppy is out in the cold wind  I'm hurrying home so he can warm up inside with me !
At home wiv a cold 
it's sunny outside and ive got a cold  - gutted !
shaking from the cold. its almost 3am 
is trying to work despite the cold/flu thing still attacking him 
matterhorn bobsleds then vegas . Ah , its hella cold 
@Lluviafina I'm sorry about your cold  hope you feel better very quickly.  I woke up with somewhat of a sore roat too. I took vitamin C
got the cold  sucky
why do i have to get a cold now 
i'm having a cold  soo boring i just hate it.....gonna rest now bye
got some kind of man cold. feeling very sorry for myself 
@ditut yea i know  u guys going to try out the cold stone??
aahhh.... need to revise physics but got a bloody cold 
Anywayz, I`m gonna look for a cold can of coke, it's warm and stuffy in the office 
is totally bummed up with a crappy cold 
ish cold and hungry, but nothing really to cook.  Much sadness
damn! i got a cold sore! 
so... bad cold or...............................that flu... not well, all drugged up, and slow 
why is the mac lab so bloody cold 
cold cold go away! 
thinks she has overextended herself too soon after getting over her cold. 
wishing i had some nice cold milk 
is not even winter yet and its vrek cold and raining 
@nodokaaa I want to warm you up 
  now aches &amp; chills have joined the party. Why couldn't the cold just go away? It had to get worse?
down with a nasty cold in cagayan de oro 
My cold now seems to me settling on my chest  worried I am sounding like a typical man with flu !
still fighting off this cold, ugh 
So cold in here!  getting the chill 
its freezing cold! i cant function right in this type of weather. starving to the max 
@Jenshwa I expected it to be warm as usual and now I'm stuck wearing a sun dress on a cold day 
Cold day :/ Studing all day long to the tests tomorrow 
Man i wish i could just bathe in my ice-cold sunkist right now.... But then i'd be sticky 
@Dougiemcfly  ive got a cold too... It sucks  and u were awesome in ipswitch xD
cold,so cold fuck! 
Getting used to getting up in the cold, but my asthma is paying for it. 
What happened to the warm?  I will commence pouting until it returns READYSETGO 
@hardrockchick super but I caught a cold on the plane.  not as far forward in line as I'd like, but the extra sleep was dearly needed.
i think my cold is getting worse, not better!!  i cant stop coughing - it really sucks!!
I'm so getting the cold 
Is heading to work n its freezing! 
Why am i even trying to go to sleep. Its 28c in here. I miss the cold winter nights 
wish I was feeling better...I've been holding a potential cold at bay for a few days now &amp; I think it is winning...aches, cough 
fighting a cold. 
Taking the caltrain to go see the giants. It's Cold and someone smells like pee 
its too warm to sleep 
I'm sooo bored. I'm too warm and comfy to play netball 
ok i go to bed now i won't fight with the cold and sickness any more  bye bye
Getting hug before bed fr old friend I'm visiting=happy. Cold&amp;damp huge spot on arm of my pj shirt fr their wet beard=sad. 
has fever... I catch a cold, great 
is sick with the cold, nasty cough 
Trying to kick this cold 
@androidtomato have it babe! bcos of the freakn rain its sooo cold 
*cold , again with the spelling errors 
so warm. and yet soo sick 
It's saturday, cold and rainy, where has summer gone? 
i need a cold drink 
back in rainy cold lame klam  had sooo much fun in portland with meg... def going to do it again sooon...sooo exhausted
*ACHOO* (sneezes) (coughs) ACHOOOO. I have a bad cold.  :/ Meepzz.
caught a cold... huhuhuhu 
I'm not feeling well.  I think im catch a cold.  (well im near to it) hope not... :S
@phillyreds too warm 
Is sad I'm not going to the cold coast with by friends 
Sitting in front of the heater freeeeezing cold. I'm not going to handle winter too well 
i got a cold 
i think i av a cold 
Cold and sick 
@xover_nin Anything ice-cold would hit the spot at the moment 
i'm geting a cold and it sux!!!!  
i'm a bit cold, its windy and looks like it might rain. i hope it doesn't 
Why won't this cold go away 
@tommcfly ooh here it's raining nad cold  take care tom!!
@vickixashton Me too! I need a cold drink 
mwah I totally hate cold/cloudy days 
caught a really bad cold on top of the small cold i was just getting over 
Cold+bored=borld (rhymes with world) I am very borld 
gala weekend... and i'm trying to get over a cold 
why is it always nice and warm when i have to work 
I hate when it looks warm outside but u step out and its 20 degrees less than what u think 
@runwithvampires enjoy the shivers while you can 
I'm trying to get warm!!!!!! 
I hate myself for being so stiff, cold and distant :| I'm sorry 
HOLY SHIT IT'S COLD!!! I Shivering 
Its so... so ..... so... warm... I am melting 
Cold as you ....... 
I haaaaate having the cold. 
at work.... cold and rainy..... not cool 
@EADave too bad its freezing 
This cold isn't going away 
@PushPlayNICK its cold here too.  I wish i lived somewhere warm=]
@donnahosie Have you caught a nasty winter lurgy ? 
dying for an ice cold drink but all i have is beer  
ugh still have the cold . . . .   at least its sunny outside. missin the beach . . . .
arrrghhh i'm too warm and i feel sick 
Its freakin' cold here @ the relay. 
loved the cold weather todayyyy. reminded me so much of home  which I miss terriblyyyy
having stomach flu on top of a cold is the best way to spend your weekend 
@mickeyglitter I'm usually pretty tolerant of smoke, but with this cold and all the dust I feel like I can barely breathe. 
@TrixieTreats  Oh, yeah, the cold and the dust would exacerbate it, yeah?
zoolander and alice in wonderland. i have a killer cold. 
@emalea  did you read about it first? husky's fur is like an insulator. it helps keep them warm AND cool. they're bred for extreme weather
@magicalfrenzy I have a really bad cold 
its sooo cold.  I want cofffee..
finds it very annoying having a cold, when its lovely weather outside 
I can't sleep  damn this cold and sore throat!
@FenterZ yarr i am but the sun has just melted my head and now i have a headache.. jealous of the feet in cold water 
Has got a cold  x
just got back from rike's house and suddenly caught a cold 
Uurggh! Cold strikes again!! Cold sucks! 
well im off sorry tired and want hot shower b4 bed indi hates the cold 
think i will have to get some heat on my shoulder coz its cold and sore 
It's far too goddamn warm. 
@sky14kemea but the cold makes my head cold. That's not good 
so i has a cole sore, hwo i got this i  has no idea    and and and i need a cold shower when i wake up, wish i went to the rave,,, 
is missing church due to a nasty cold 
Not even an ice cold shower made me feel awake 
@Kaylakeane I'm not coming, my cold is terrible! I'm so lightheaded and coughy 
i can feel another cold coming along 
WINTER is here - Cold time 
@kristyn122 I'm tuckered out, that's for sure. and I'm afraid I might have caught a cold. 
Cold morning. 
@nnorafiza and i can't sleep cos its so so warm.  neway, free tmr?
so i thought my allergies were acting up again, uhh nope I got a cold 
is enjoying her sunday off minus the cold wind 
 it's so nice and warm out but I'm stuck in this stupid cold diner
@Icklesal I've got kidney stones so im constantly weeing  &amp; just to rub salt in the wound I've got a stinking cold too!! We're so healthy
@Becccccaa another cold?  fyl a bit, but get betterrr soon yes?
Cold as F*ck!!! H8 this weather!! Feels like winter all over again 
This morning I thought it was allergies.....now I think it is a stupid cold 
@STONED_Cold LOL n it's comin hard! Blunts gone now though 
is sick and cold and sick with the cold 
so now i'm just sitting outside my hostel in the cold and it's sprinkling and all wet.  i have such shitty luck!
Fighting a cold, but fear I am losing the fight 
Cold! A-boooooooooo! 
caught a cold from sleeping right next to the ac 
I have much cold...... 
Waiting for the train in the cold 
is battling a cold 
Today I managed to- break my phone; break my camera; destroy a dress; get a cold [it was like 25 degrees out!] and get a damn cold sore. 
Another freezing cold day in N.Z... 
I am awake, and its early, and too warm 
It so bloody cold 
@emjaystar LOL I don't own a hot water bottle  going to have but an electric blanket this winter tho
just logged in  I've got a bad bad cold 
It's a bloody cold office, my knees r aching!!!  #fb
I feel sick... And I feel all gross from the hot weather... I need a nice cold shower and sleep. But I have a paper to write 
yuk... coffee's gone cold  must be working too hard.......
ahh first day of winter  cold!
I'm baaaaaaaaaack! I brought a cold back with me... shouldn't be sick after vacation 
heaaaadaaache  and spy who came in from the cold :p
Too sunny and too warm to be working 
brrr i'm freezing. cold air + dress = not fun 
says good morning - debating work - don't know if this a cold or allergies  http://plurk.com/p/xm286
it's just my luck that I would wake up in the middle of a heatwave with a raging cold. sympathy required! 
Far too warm 
@ibhallr They've been predicting a shitty summer here  Cold &amp; such.I hope it's gonna be like that. What's summer if I have to wear a coat!
fuckkk its cold  stupid non warm house
is gettin a cold now meh 
im sooo freaakin cold.!!!!  burrrr.!!!!! :I
Yesterday when I thought my cold was getting better I was terribly wrong 
i think i'm having a cold. 
Colder than a witch's tit 
wishing it was warm!! it hurts!! 
has caught a cold 
ugh! The switch to A/C on campus means a freezing office (about 15 degrees) and a cold shower at the gym today. 
In bed really really ill, its not fair its so warm too and i cant even enjoy it 
cold new york  ~BrookeKidd~
its too warm its too warmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm 
Fighting an uphill battle against a cold 
I think I'm coming down w/ a cold. 
my bedroom's freezing when it's cold, and far too hot when it's warm. 
@PatsyTravers Cold n temperature, feeling so stuffy, finding it hard to breathe 
Arrg I hate the cold 
@GaleBeggy I wake up every night in a cold sweat due to nightmares of a Xandaxs invasion. 
Far too warm... 
Has a nasty head cold.  
i got a cold! aargh! 
I think now my daughter has come down with the cold I just got over 
Its getting cold 
Why it has to be so warm  I miss air conditioning
Waiting outside in the cold 
getting another bloody cold! 
feeling stuffy &amp; miserable; this cold is  starting to kick in 
im battling the cold  i feel so sick and yucky!
is pure sneezing like fuck. I hate having the cold 
Is on the beach, a bit cold and wants soup. And should be working on my projects.... 
So much warm 
I...I think I'm getting a summer cold. 
&amp;&amp; still got a bad cold. 
Hating early starts, especially when bed is all snuggly and warm 
 tea's gone cold
@Beatknoxx I WISH!! I could go for a nice cold bowl of cereal right now...but don't have any... 
Feeling rough - have caught a summer cold already!! 
Going to have some pumkin soup, hopefully makes me feel better and get over this terrible cold 
Brrr... It's cold! 
can't seem to get warm in this bed all by herself 
all alone at work....and its freezin cold 
i hav a cold  ... it comes with the sneezles
@cynthiaseow must be the cold aircon now huh! i'm feeling it too man 
@Emiwylde its meant to get warmer 
@K_1977 aww  not gud! this cold sore has taken over lip- so luks like sum1s punched me 
@shelly71 Cold Cold Cold, won't be much change from that for a while now!!! 
Feeling mighty rotten, a cold in summer 
Wish i had a warm bedroom or even a warm bed...The electric blanket just isn't warm enough 
@kosheracademic seems you shared your cold with me  - r u feeling any better?
i just wish i would stick to weekends sometimes. my cold is worse btw. 
is not gonna let this traffic bother her today..  she is just gonna   chill..  and chill..  and chill..  
has a dutty cold 
its too warm 
I am still on the craptastic cold train....not a good thing. 
feeling under the weather  what cures a cold in 4 days?
can the day be over yet? my head cold is killing me! 
terrible cold...  come on, i need to sleep.
@catnip070 Caught a cold  cough cough.
is in alaska. its so frkn cold. 
having a cold... 
Does not reccomend lime jello for a cold, it only makes things worse . Really wishes I could have gone to the dinner too 
My cold has affected my performance... 
urgh, tired, stomach ache, hot and cold, not sleeping  try again...
my cold sore really hurts. 
Ahhh I think I'm catching a cold or something 
Ugh got a cold.  
thought stuffing myself with heaty food would help kill the cold, not! and i'm still hungry 
i hate the cold... alway`s  getting me sick 
I'm Cold 
The shower : from cold to ice cold to freezing cold 
Morning twitters!Just took a cold shower but i am still soooooo tired 
so badly wants to workout but can't because i have a busted ankle and a cold 
not much we can do about the weather getting cold  i was just getting used to being sweaty!
is not liking how warm it is here 
has a cough, cold, sore belly, headache &amp; is dizzy 
Looks like i will be drowned in work for the whole day! to add to its misery, I have a bad cold and fever too! 
Its bin red hot and ive caught a cold?! 
Bad things on cold days... Cold feet cold drinks cold bed metal things concrete cold noses al of which i have incounted tonight 
have a summer cold and feel crap 
Cold-in-the-head. 
cold again 
@tedoe I saw that  better pack my waterproof! Is it quite warm though?
@nasheta hey how's your nunu doing after physio? the cold can't be helping 
@charleecain what gig do you want to come to? naw i'm feeling shite - can't shake this cold 
its so freaking cold! 
brrrrrrrr its cold 
cold and horrible in lichfield! i feel really ill and want to sleep 
Is wishing I was somewhere warm and toasty!!! I dont liked being cold   lol
catch a cold, absolutely 
I'm sick  I must have got a cold last week or sthg. bleh.
@justinmoorhouse I want to get rid of my cold and the cough off my chest  x
My cold is getting worse 
i just had pasta...yum! the weather here is abnormal. catching a cold.. 
hugging my pillow on a cold rainy night... boo is on his batcave 
cold front has arrived 
cold tablet time 
I would have a huge cold 
I can't stand this heat  roll on winter
Eurg...suffering from strange post-winter-pre-summer death Cold  I'm slowly being drawn into a bacteria bubble, time to go home soon...
I got a cold  this blows
@nikLDesigns Hey hon.....yeah..blah, not feeling well...  head cold I guess...my face is killing me!!!
has an allergy cold 
I'm happy with my grades, I'm developing a cold 
i miss my cold cafe bevvies 
it is a tad cold  &quot;i think i found the new classic in you&quot; 
I hate this cold wet weather. 
cold and rainy 
Cold feet. And I mean like ice cold 
having a nice cold cider before doing some ironing 
why am i in a singlet when its freezing cold? 
@gfalcone601 sounds like fun! i can't do much atm, got flu/cold  not nice. xx
Is ill, may caught a cold 
Suffering from an awful cold........... 
@shawneda Thanks, Shawneda for making me sound so cool &amp; sweet. LOL #followfriday  I think I'm ice cold at times, too. 
Its raining at the game   im going to get a bad cold
thank you brother. i really wanted this cold. 
i hate having a cold 
its so fucking cold out here @janellebustjaws and i are numb 
really bad cold 
I think I'm calling it a night - my cold just came flying back! 
feeling sorry for myself  all stuffed up with a horrible cold!
its getting cold again....   wearing winter jacket/vest thing inside my home!!
Oh I can hear from the comfort of my warm snuggly bed that it's pissing it down 
Ugh! I have some form of evil cold 
Me's think i might be gettin a cold 
Is soooo bloody cold this morning 
@foolandtheopera Cold/flu took me a week to get over and I'm still snuffling. 
who wants to go out and get me cruisers? im thirsty, and too gross to go out  stupid cold!
feeling numb from this boiling hot weather!! Plans ruined 
I have the cold 
cought a cold, tied to bed now 
Brrrr freezing today 
@paranoidangel I would hug you, but you don't want the cold I woke up with. 
stupid cold grr im going to bed maybe this cold will dissapear when i wake up 
is sat ill with a sore throat n bad cold not happy 
@shaundiviney yeah while were all still out here in the cold 
god I'm sooooo sick  how can someone get a cold in the summertime???
Loaded with the cold 
Just woke up.  I wish this cold would be over.  
brrr its soooo cold.... 
I'm warm but i'm still lonely 
chicken bakes are not nice when theyre cold  ew.
still sick  cant shake this cold
Isnt going to the beach cause its cold  buttt it hanging out with my best bud!
I have a really bad cold and i cant seem to get rid of it. 
ooo I'm proper shivering! I might be ill 
cold... brrrrr 
is layin back chillin chillin trying to fully recover from this bad cold.... 
still feeling like crap..I really got a cold 
its so shitty outttt!  i want it to be sunny and warm for summmer! going out with loreennn.
proper cold! 
I have the cold  i hope its not swine flu lol =\
URGH sick with a bad cold! 
@thenewpsies i've been invited out to dinner, such an effort to go back out in the cold 
Still sick... How long does a cold usually last? i've had this one for 3 days so far! 
@cyrusbaby awwh poor polar bears their soo cold  but yea we're just that cool ^.^
ian why no warm up in london? 
in the shower, its cold  i love hot water lol
Oh goodness i think my london is catchin a cold 
Brrrr... coooold.... 
has an aweful cold 
terrible cold  stuck in bed all day
Just got in from dancin cold and wet  but hey we came 2nd woo !  had a good day tho it was so funny
@RegularOlTy either way, that's some serious cold! 
@HawaiiRealty  Under the weather? I just got over a cold. And I never get sick. It wasnt bad, just annoying 
I'm sick. stupid bad bad cough/cold. ack 
ive got a cold 
Wth I am freezing, I never usually feel the cold!! I miss the sun  lol
is too warm to sleep. ahhh, i'm not happy 
man i hate the cold!!!!! it isnt right for australia to be this cold!!!!!!! 
It is so Cold inside and outside, That i don't even think we are going to get a summer Canada  its going to be Warm then BAM winter -40
it should not be this cold out right now 
I should be immune to this cold!!! WTF!!! 
sick with a stupid cold  i havent really slept for 2 days
One of the kittens my bitch of a neighbor adondoned. Shivering in the cold  trying to get the little one used to people and get rescu ...
My cold is getting worse.  On to stage two now. Hopefully I won't get a cough...
home. laying in bed witha ice pack on my head, hot/cold wrap around my knee, heating pad on my back &amp; maeds in my body.  i dont feel well.
Cold toes 
dislikes her cold and this weather for giving her an achy chest 
where's the suuuuuuuun`? still freezin' cold outside. 
can't concentrate on studying because of her cold. sadface 
is not feeling too well,I might be coming up with a bad cold 
its freezing 
cold shower... 
@beyinbe take a chill pill and relax 
mark has given me the cold  grrrr
the sun is  out but its soooooo cold !!what  is up with that 
Yay oreo is here to keep me warm...now she is running away 
caught a cold 
Wow do I have a bad head cold...didn't even make it to the barn this weekend...looks nice out   #myfoxny
i'm bloody cold 
this cold is really long  its been 6 days now
My cold came back. 
Feeling sick... cold... not fun 
might be having a cold 
struggling to get over my cold 
somehow i managed to catch a cold in 80 degree weather....how great! ugh....laying down 
At home in the bed with a sinus cold.  sad....
I'm Cold 
Just had to take a shower in cold water. And that sucks. 
cold, and tired 
has been struck down with another cold 
Its f'n cold here  Another day of cutting bamboo.
A summer cold would not be good 
has the shivers  x
Landed. Cold now 
cold again, I want some sunshine 
Ive just come back from a dofe walk so im cold and wet 
@redeyelivetweet I wish I could be there but I'm sick with awful cold. 
i need warmer weather...its soooooo cold!!! 
is cold cold cold 
Ive got the cold 
I  have the cold, it is not fun! 
is so bloody cold 
@leeye did you get a cold?  
@lovebscott washed my hair................its soOw cold all of a sudden  
cold cold cold!!! 
It's back to being cold again.. 
Still suffering from a cold. I'm really starting to get tired of the *coff* and *sniffle*. 
mind over matter does not work on a bad cold 
8 degrees.. am so cold  I might be totally gay this winter and wear gloves
got a cold 
I hate this cold I've caught. 
i think im sunburnt  im freeeeeezzing cold!
I really dislike the cold whirlpool and its at 50 degrees right now (help) 
its freezing here 
Trying to get warm again  damn kitteh wanted to go out in this cold 
So much fun in palm springs.. But trying to get over this cold 
i hate having this cold 
Cold, sweaty and my chest feels like it's being crushed by a bulldozer 
@tim_butcher Cold 
it is waaaaaay too humid for having a cold 
i think im starting to get a winter cold 
agh I feel horrid - can't hardly breathe, unbelievably warm and clammy 
is full of the cold and wants her bed 
hay fever + a cold = 
got a cold 
doesn't like this cold/hayfever combo 
is in bed with the cold booo 
Kids are great. But you always get a cold when they are around 
cold..eating..schooll 
Cold, shivery, not feeling good at all. looks like i have a subscription to this sort of thing this year. 
@samirmishra i already have a bad cold sirji! 
Still trying to recover from a cold 
@wongrel pls can I have some. I got a cold coming on 
This cold is just getting worse. 
i have a really bad cold and the blood sugars to prove it. bed, here i come... 
i hate having showers on a cold night. 
@aafreen chicka! how u doing? m cold is still there.. 
Its kinda cold on the beach today 
sipping red wine reading my e/mails. Cold out here tonite 
has a bad cold and just wants to stay in bed but cant 
wishes this cold would go away its makng me feel sad 
Brrrr im freezing tonight 
I'm catching cold 
got a cold n feelin crappy 
cold and flu tablets...oh get me thru the day before I crash... 
@Chazzy84 relationships unless asked to do so.  So I'm sorry that everyone's giving you the cold shoulder. 
@GNiTheChosenOne just dealin w a cold for over s week 
i caught a cold 
oh no...sniffles  im feeling a cold coming on!
Hates how she dressed for the cold this morning now its hot and she's wearing pants  !!!
Its wayy cold, freezinggg 
I just want to go back into my nice warm bed and go back to sleep, but no, I'm in the cold house getting ready to go to work 
Wow. I thought I was getting over my cold. I feel so physically fatigued I don't even wanna move.There is no way I am be getting better. 
I have a bad cold, very very very bad cold 
just finished her mid-term, now to get rid of this cold...must stop coughing! 
I am hating this cold weather at the moment  I am over being sick already...
Loads of meetings and I have a terrible cold 
Cold cold cold at work!!! Still at the tennis courts 
fightin a cold 
failed the cold war test 
My cold is getting worse 
just got home. ahh its soo cold 
Waiting in the cold 
@arjbarker shite.... Cold and rainy.... 
so tired..can't wait to hit the sac with that cold pillow..i love sleeping :-D i wish the boo was there to cuddle though  another day &lt;3
Is getting a stinking cold 
I did get some sleep. But now I'm starting a cold sore. 
gah another cold day 
quite the cold! 
@Gingernyc I have a bad cold so I feel lousy 
Cold and lonely 
went to sleep last night with a bad cold due to allergies  good thing i'm feeling much better now
@guybatty good morning snuggles back tho you might not want to get too close have grotty cold and feel yuk 
cold again... 
wtf..how did i get a cold??? 
So sick of having a stupid cold 
Sunburns distracting me massively, ran out of ink too  have to nip out but first an ice cold shower *bliss*
cold and rainy...again 
the new season has arrived: AirCon season. Colder than winter! 
its soooooooooooo cold 
I hate the rain, and its freezing cold! 
my dog got a bad baaaaaad cold 
@comet1010 it was fun! but i hope i won't get a cold. feels kinda like  it.. 
why is it cloudy? its supposed to be sunny and warm! 
-@neeruiyer oh it's just a stupid cold i can't seem to shake 
HOLY FUHHH, the water at my house is ice cold 
has somehow developed a cold 
ohhhh i dnt feel well im full of a cold 
these days of intense cold are killing me! 
my said I get a cold yesterday and i shouldn't twitter in english - hmmmm maybe she have right 
my wife (Shoplooker) said I get a cold yesterday and i shouldn't twitter in english - hmmmm maybe she have right 
They turned off the warm water for 3 days at my block! painful to shower ice cold ! my dick is hidding up my ass 
Why is it, that it always seems much warmer/hotter at night...I want it to be winter again 
Its a little warm in here 
not sure what I will do yet..looks so dark n cold outside 
I think im getting another cold sore 
This cold sucks...don't even know where in the hell it came from, but it was pretty damn fast. 
It is back to being cold and frosty  hot water bottles are good
rotting in bed with a summer cold 
This cold is kicking my butt, love toddlers but hate the germs they come with.... no one deserves a summer cold 
 its soooo cold out &amp; my bed is soooo warm! I don't wannaget up....
Is trying to be this cold without having to go to the doctors...not having much success! 
cant find my cardigan  = cold
@alisondineen36 um cold and rainy  but it is a pretty cool place..much different than florida!
@Navinesh for some reason. This cold has really managed to bring me down badly 
I'm Cold 
I have a chill that just won't go away. 
i believe i am coming down w/ a cold or something like it 
I hate taking pills ugh, it's gay. I caught a cold out here 
@mikeporco I love zicam! Its the only way I can breathe when I hv a cold 
So much for that beautiful day... bloody cold weather 
Cold day in june  what do u do @aurian? love
is sick of this cold weather. i feel like lying out in the sun. I hate being pale 
Fighting a cold 
my head is  throbbing! fever didnt subside after ice cold bath &amp; downing iced sour plum drink 
I am... sick  stupid cold rooms!!!
omg its sooooooooooooooo cold 
can no longer remember what it was like to feel warm 
@Saarraahh1994 lol you can have jensen... i was impressed at all at the convention with him, i found him rude and blunt &amp; not warm at all 
so I have a headache and can't swallow due to a cold  not a happy bunny as got 2 nights ahead of me
@thetek tis where i'm sat. sat with my hoodie hood up freezing cold  air conditioning blowing a force ten gale down my back  need warmth
Cba with my interview today! I have a bloody cold and its pissing it down 
im over this cold...tired of being inside....sooooooo bored 
I am sick (I have a bad cold) 
Is sick of her hayfever/cold 
Its raining and I still have this horrible cold 
This cold weather is wreaking havoc with my arthritis. How can one body ache so much?  
I have a really bad cold! 
cold weather can suck my dick. 
In bed and sufering from a nasty cold D&lt;, it summer and i am in side 
is full of a cold 
feeling oh so bad.......i think i got a cold 
Cold FX let me down 
meeeeh got a cold ! 
I think im getting a cold. 
Why is everything hot&amp;cold, on&amp;off lately? 
the cold is no fun 
cold and tired not a good mix 
@howlieT tis a good and a tough question and i think im getting a cold 
I cannot get the prospect of an ice cold negra modelo off my mind right now. i need a break, i feel torn in all directions 
@chill182 It won't download for me either.  So lame!
I am superrrrrrrrrrr cold 
Be a new video up tonight. But the 2 bad things are I still have. Cold and I don't have a SciPhone 
@adioso808 you can't even imagine how dumb they were, glad to hear that you got over your cold and are bak at the gym...I got sik this wk 
i have a really bad cold and im not likeing it, and arhh i hurt the inside of my hip in dance yesterday 
getting ready to brave a run in the cold and wet 
Cold and fluey 
I think I have got a cold now  battled against it for too long!
@naaomi thats sad  im just really confused because i honestly dont remember winter being this cold.
Cold and raining I do love this ny weather looking for a raincoat to go to school I don't own an umbrella.     lol
I've only just woken up,feel dead rough damn having a cold 
I've got a cold 
I appear to have yet another cold 
I got a cold last weekend. I am still suffering from it. 
uhhggg I'm bout to get a cold 
Nasty summer cold.  Blargh.
I have the beggining symptoms of a cold. This might be bad. 
is so cold Brrr 
it so cold in perth, australia, i have a head cold 
teh feck..its too cold and cloudy for the beach 
got a cold and its realy anoying 
Cold Cold Colddd 
still has the cold and is feeling rubbish! 
watching eastenders while suffering from the flu!!! grrrrrr why is it possible to get a cold in summer ?!? 
I heat waiting for trains in the cold. I'm hungry, tired, cold &amp; i want to go home 
Just caught a terrible cold somehow 
I definitely feel like i may be catching a cold 
full of the cold  http://titchhh.wordpress.com/ x
A rainy cold day..I wish i could find my hp books... 
starting to get a cold... 
Brrr... bloody freezing in the office again... 
hurry up alex its cold outside! 
wish I could kick this cold. 
I'm having severe internet withdrawals...I need a cold rag and some advil 
i've got a cold  sniffing!!!!!
@maciejlessthan3, i agree  it's not sunny or warm or as joyous as i anticipated
I really want to get rid of this cold....... 
No bonfire at the beach tonight.. Brrrr! 
in my room yet my fingers are frozen while typing this. Cold cold cold. I might be working later than I thought. 
just got a summer cold. This sucks 
Feels like i'm catching a cold.. 
I miss my sunshine  I think the cold is going around.
is full of a cold n not very happy 
cold water ain't cooling my body. 
its sooo cold on my skin sometimes hahaha  weirdoiam
Why won't my cold bloody go away   2 weeks now and still coughing
is in the office, feel a cold coming up  #fb
Not ANOTHER cold *sniff* 
Never expose yourself in the cold winter wind for an hour without a thick coat! I did just that and now i feel like dying. Not kidding 
@ianmonkphoto i'll be fine just got a bad dose of the cold 
Cold, sick and miserable. 
 i have the cold 
I've a cold  ...
@athena25 that song gives me the cold sweats 
i think im getting a cold and going to lose my voice 
Tired. Cold. 
has a really bad cold 
ahh tornado im in my basement  its cold down here and im still tiredd.
@vaughnchicago did you go to the film screening? I had to miss it, had a bad cold 
Has got a cold 
have a distinct feeling that i've got a cold coming 
@buzzamus We are sick together woop woop... except my cold is basically going away thanks to sudafed but my dizziness is still there 
has a stinking cold 
Another cold day with no sunshine on my face 
got the cold 
has a nasty cold. 
@smiffytech Meanwhile, we're freezing unseasonable cold here 
augh......feel a summer cold coming on 
@eresty yeah ur right on that one  hate cold ice &lt;took some ibuprofen&gt; I'm going to go put some ice on it for 15 bbiab (hate being cold)
Cold weather and then warm with cold wond weather make me feel not weel  arhhhh!
Cold day sittin the the couch watching movies don't wana go out side but I need to  I've only had one ciggie all day getting there slowly
Its tough to get the kids  to sleep..especially when they both have a bad cold and cough 
my latest body temperature? 103.7 degrees F. and I'm kinda cold....  I have never been this sick before. *scared*
wondering how 2 quit cold turkey 
 cold, despite the heater. weirdly though, it's not actually cold today!
cold, tired and sick 
I think I broke my kettle  cold coffee!
I think I've got a cold. 
Morning all on this lovely sunny saturday and I've got a cold. What's new 
just got over a cold and now i have a flu.  unhappy
need to get rid of this cold 
I woke up at about 10:00 this morning. The mo. brought me a cuppa at about 11:00 when I was back asleep. 1:30ish, I awoke. Cold tea. 
*sniff* this cold is killing me! 
i got a cold 
@ the summer home n luvin it! So peaceful n pleasant even if it is cloudy n cold 
My cold is slowly getting worse 
Brrrr it's cold. 
im at edgefest! ...in the cold and rain 
Cold, cloudy, and a little drizzle...not good weather for outdoor volleyball 
@Marabellers okay..okay..rub it in while we sit here in the cold &amp; rain 
i can't taste anything  i hate this cold!
I have a terrible cold 
@TrackstarGIBSON me2 it is raining &amp; cold again. 
I think I've got a cold... Or really bad hayfever 
@EternalAegis this is why I always insist on mowing the lawn in the evening. still warm, but...not 100+ warm. 
I feel like I gots a cold 
@BrennaCeDria my head cold became a chest cold last night and everytime I talk or even breathe heavy I start coughing really bad 
After a cold shower  Brrr..
not feeling good.  I think i've got a cold. grrr.
trying to get over this cold 
sick!! with a bad cold!!  
@_mmk_ fighting a. Cold that I got some how 
I take back what I said, I'm now dying of this cold!  x
I WAS excited to be home alone and chill out, but now I'm so bored! 
this cold fucking 
caught that stupid cold 
rainy nasty ugly weekend  Bored!!
dying with the cold so looks like ill be up most of the night 
hangover=hilarious!!!!!!!!! pool+freezing cold water=me completely bored 
i am sick i have a really bad cold so my throt really hurts. and every time i sneeze or cough it really hurts. 
BOOOOOOOORRRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEDDDDDDDDDD and got the cold 
oh no i think i have caught a cold 
Cold, wanna cuddle 
reading outside, jeezo its cold 
is still sick stupid cold! 
trying to last until the kids go to bed at 7pm - can't wait for the silence - got a head cold brewing 
Any cold remedies going out there? I feel like death 
I wish my cold was over    &lt;33
is starting to get a cold 
My nose feels crap, I bet it's the start of a cold 
bored in the cold, dark observing room 
is bored in the cold, dark observing room 
i'm having cold sweat now  I don't know what's wrong. :X
i think i got a cold comin' on 
ive got a cold&amp;feel like shit 
@purrsikat I have tried just wearing my underpants to work, but that was generally frowned upon. Chilly too. So ironing it is 
got a cold at cottage 
got a cold      + revising
@erykah_ But then it's warm. 
i think im getting a cold. 
On cold nights I really miss having my boyfriend to put my cold feet on. 
I'm sick with a bad cold or some sort of bronchitis 
I don't want to get up. I am sung and warm in my bed 
Its sooo cold!  my hands are swelling up. And xuan smells popcorn chicken, fat. Haha
Coming down with a stinking cold  #squarespace
I hate this cold it sucks. 
ughh i think im getting a cold not cool 
Cold rooms means cold fingers means mediocre piano playing. 
@AllieW Sounds like me and my bf.  He's sick with a summer cold and I have terrible sinuses from the poplar fluff outside... 
I catched a cold 
had a long night with my little man, he has a summer cold and I have an extreme case of exhaustion. 
 its summer n iv got a cold
So don't  want to go back to work tomorrow  got a cold and jetlag grrrr
at cornet! she is going absolutely nuts and it is super cold 
@rgoodchild lol I am not clearheaded enough to even think of questions! Cold meds 
Its warm 
this cold is getting worse  
I have the cold 
I miss the cold rainy days 
@AlaskasAbrand it's warmer there than it is here 
its so warm &amp; clammy here ! argh 
@shanedawson That suck  Cold?
Trying to lick a cold before getting back into regular beer tasting 
omg heat and a cold do not mix well!  maybe I will just lay in bed reading twilight(again) that will cheer me up!
have been in bed all day except to answer calls and send mails out! Cold refuses to go! 
P.S. don't drink milk in the hot, hot weather....gives you a tummy ache... 
Tired. Cold, and got cramps. 
This cold-calling shit is really starting to annoy me... 
I'm not feeling too good, how the hell can you get a cold in this warm weather 
this cold is still kicking my butt today. 
i feel sick     i've got a cold   
I think I'm catching a cold... 
ooof its too warm to run in ! 
suffering from a summer cold 
Cold and bored 
I think I'm catching a cold  I'm taking nyquil &amp; knocking the fuck out.
The coughing has started   I hope this cold goes away by the weekend.
So sleepy I actually feel ill!  Why's it so warm??
@toasty33 That whole situation makes me sad 
argh its too warm to sleep 
@BabeHound I'm tryna get over my cold  its so sad ... all i can do is lay in bed
who gets a cold in the summertime?!?!  
In winter, it's never the cold, but the wind. In the summer, it's never the heat, but the humidity. 
@musicalmover I agree, freezing cold. 
the cold hard truth just dawned on me that i cannot go to warped 
cold-y wold-y. 
cold bath sounds good right about now, too bad i have no bubbles 
Guess I'm getting the cold shoulder tonight. 
I think my dog has a little bit of a cold. 
@paulagroenink  I am getting over a bad cold and now my girls have it  But we are hanging in there...and you?
Cold. I hate time change. I haven't talked to Monicuh in years. 
I hate having a cold in the summer! 
Trying to decided if I'm suffereing from hayfever, despite taking a tablet or have the onset of a cold.... I suspect the latter! 
I caught a cold. 
@messierobjects oh no, i hope you didnt get my cold!! 
just had a kitkat chunkyyy, mm! i'm so warm 
still got a cold 
I've caught a cold 
major headache!! but don't want to sleep... i don't like the cold weather!! 
i have the cold   not cool. i bet im unlucky and its actually swine flu haha
calfed with the cold!! 
got a cold 
ugh i hate this cold 
Why can't I work from my warm, cosy bed?! 
got 2 fans blowing at me. yes, it's THAT warm 
I think I'm catching a cold 
@meygantot: Cold sore still bothering you? 
has a bloody cold! i dont understand why! 
wishing i was out by the lake with a cold cerveza in hand instead of this cold office 
I think this hayfever is actually a cold.. oh no!! 
has a terrible cold and has to work still.. 
@rowanpony And I thought I was cold this morning in 16 deg C weather? Brrr!  
; cold, and not doing anything 
Its so cold.. Brrrr yet the beach is still calling my name 
I can't believe we have another cold front!  I was really missing that cold weather
hmmmmm...good mood, cold, can't wait to play some volleyball later 
@Dannymcfly http://twitpic.com/3iqyf - it looks almost as warm as it is here 
finally getting out of the cold weather and living in the moment of the heat 
and soo warm 
drinking a cold cup of milk 
warm outside 
Cold pizza still fun and nom 
enjoying a nice cold beer, working to the tunes of pacha of the youtube. cool i'd say 
Oh and how i can get rid of this horrible cold as well...I love you guys 
@yaimluke I must admit, I love being on cold bev. I love having 15 cold bevs in line - my little secret 
is on the cold steps outside york waiting for jessy to pick her up 
@caldjr lol  so is that a 'come in the 30's are warm'?
@cynder77 let's chill 
the wind is so soothing but chilly, man I love the cold 
@zzjulz I'm sorry  I know...somethng about hot apple sponge or crumble on a cold wintery day. meant to be going to 21st....staying home.
Warm fireeeeeeeeeeeee 
All nite bowling instead  yay I got second just a warm up!!!
@eddiecurry aaah so you got to experience the nice winter temperature we have 
it's tea  but it's kinda cold now
@JBARSODMG no..who does... i like sunny warm dayss......how bout u?????? 
i need to be bold, need to jump in the cold water, need to grow older with a girl like you 
Ease-a-cold makes everything better 
I love winter because the water that comes from the taps is ice cold 
back from church, soooooo cold outside even though it looks lovely and warm, installing manga studio now 
@AngryBadgerGirl Warm fuzzy feelings today. All your fault. 
hopefully it will be warm enough tonight... 
listening to lmfao's version of hot n' cold , and I must say it's extremely awsome 
@ShowStopping girl...I'm not claiming that! I just have a mild cold...that;s all 
Drinking apple tea, being cold, being cool  disliking.. you.
diiinner  its sooo cold right here D:
Yes! Cold coffee from yesterday. No sugar, no cream !  The way I like it !
@JapanCrafts i go for hot, because dominos reheats really well. Cold pizza is well nice though 
Yeeesss!!! over my cold! i can do triathlon again!!!! 
I'm getting into bed because it's warmer there 
@ThePISTOL sunburns ? :/ Owwww it feels good to shower on ice cold water   ! 
@bmthofficial chill in chicago, with me. much better sounding! 
cold ston was a good choice 
@hanseebundee All is well  Eating, tweeting, and enjoying a cold beer. All is well over here lol 
is drinking nice cold sprite, it is so cold that when I drink it I get chills. yum, just like I like iiiit! 
@streetztalk but of course... But actually I'm sitting quietly in a corner!  lolol not like me right.. It's cause I have a fever &amp; a cold
@JennaMadison Ah yep saw that one. I had to run for a cold shower after reading that. 
http://twitpic.com/5cnn4 - Cold winter morning 
Another cold morning 29 degrees, please warm up soon 
Eating warm oatmeal on a cold day 
@eoshipper4ever Cold and rainy here, too.  Ick.  I'm enjoying the marathon.  
@bryantma welcome home to you and Lilblu... best advise is to wrap up warm against the cold 
@liam_b Cold, is it? 
I love eating cold panda express, it tastes even better! 
@mikecj  I bet where you live is a LOT warmer than here. We have horrid, bitter winters. (can you tell im dreading winter? lol)
@anniespajamas I did, and it made me feel warm and gooey 
frosty but positive 
@MarizaReyes right!... stay warm out there. 
@vish01 dont know, i had the cold so i think it just spread to my throat. my luck 
enjoying my day off, tried to organize my closet, now I'm on a break, drinking ice cold beer,eating greasy snacks and tweeting 
@eloralunasea I could come back and warm you up 
Drinking xtra cold beer! .. In my way to work 
is going for a chill! 
Weekend... YAY! Cold... YAY! Much yayness going on here 
hot chocolate, cold weather  perfect!
@Snowbadger warm fuzzies dude 
craving for an ice cold slurpee...brainfreeze 
still wet and wild hereabouts - in my jimjams all snug and warm 
@megankean I hope it's warm 
this cold doesn't know who it's messin with 
My cold is almost gone 
@perthtones thanks lovely... it certainly gets my toes'a tappin'  xx Warm non germie hugs your way x
So its warm outside. 
@uxcrank they are following you because your avatar is so warm and inviting! 
@celeryjacket no probs! It really gave me the warm fuzzies lol I was happy to share 
@katekragon girlllll I will  let's chill when I get back 
@Buildabear96 Hot N' Cold!!..please.. 
Its still surprisingly warm out 
Jogging is great in the cold especially when you have the best jogging partner 
@ReWriteMeBlue i know, and it made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside 
@blackXxXheart naww really? did you get a cold? :o nm either just listening to music 
@knowsnotmuch it was good.... helped my cold 
in england  its cold.
wowies its very warm 
@Fearnecotton stay positive - at least its not a hold (head cold) or a  chold (chest cold)  
