Most common words for this cluster:
[('college', 335), ('graduation', 132), ('student', 57), ('semester', 38), ('uni', 35), ('school', 25), ('students', 25), ('university', 22), ('lol', 20), ('work', 18), ('classes', 17), ('graduate', 17)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'college', 0.877565860748291), (u'graduation', 0.699530839920044), (u'Priscilla_Pimienta', 0.6815417408943176), (u'school', 0.6791362166404724), (u'semester', 0.6724898815155029), (u'Ayumu_mom', 0.6634408235549927), (u'undergraduate', 0.6518121361732483), (u'undergrad', 0.6513515114784241), (u'university', 0.6508347392082214), (u'graduate_assistantship', 0.6482297778129578)]





@BonnieBix controlling own life not possible uni after graduation, when i start masters.  boohoo
Doesn't want to go college  want to cuddle my babyyy
don't want to leave college 
@bhargavkapadia aren't they always? remember the college. the 'private' connection used to block everything good. 
Being both a procrastinator and a perfectionist is a terrible combination for university 
@holliebox Sounds like back when I was in college and had to submit a perfectly replicated musical recording as a .mid file. 
@binkish haha i already did  im such a bad student.
university coursework 
@0mie @mahen915 Why don't I get signal in this student center 
@Liamh22 uni is not any better 
so very tired...one more show left of my entire college career 
doing film college essay. *sobs* 
back at uni but do not want to be 
Just back from university ... stressed and tired 
hi doing an assignment 4 college! sooo boring!!! 
college visit 
college english... who knew it could be so boring???? 
about to go to my big scholarship interview, wish me luck! I need money for college 
@feliciaday    Its a hard process to find em, local colleges and universities are a good start.  Also local wargames clubs.
i have so much work to do...college boo 
@kittCAT8 What a shame and it's so pretty outside  We sacrifice so much as college students...we deserve to be paid well after graduation!
is such an unproductive student 
Getting ready for college  I do not wana go back!
library at  university!! I have headache and stomacache 
is back at college 
back in college  not looking forward to graphics i'll prob be killed by mick
I am @ college. Not liking the hayfever at all having a bad affect on me 
going to pick up my cap and gown today...is college really ending??? 
@kamun your gay dating still isn't in the spirit of college 
Aghhhh sooo many notes t get for college 
back in austin and NOT ready for the worst part of college..final exams,papers and projects... 
getting ready to set out for college  my hairs done though so smiles all round haha
Loveeee the weatherr! But cbaa with college mannnnn  sad timesss
dying slowly in the lib  graduation doesn't even seem close
uni... again 
can't believe college banned facebook 
I do think that this college work is utter SHIT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
In college, bored a per usuall 
is still writing baccalaureate. 
sat in college with cayley boredddd!! 
@BethNVA I never wan to think about it, and one of mine is in college already,    how does time pass so quickly?
last cruiser mixer of my college career 
going to my last dance classes for my college career.....wow time flew by 
@jenny8lee You're welcome!! I'd love to attend a talk, but I'm a broke college student 
I was just informed by my son that he will most definitely not be walking across the stage for his college graduation..I am devastated.. 
I had a dream last night she failed all her exams and couldn't escape when the college caught fire! 
Is no longer excited about college... 
doin these online college classes right now.. WOo hoo 
@JoeJonasLuvr49 oh I'm sorry  is she in college??
singing joeniar arif with indah @ my dorm 
Taking all freshman courses, while giving you a light workload, leaves you with way too much time 
so very sleeepy! in uni already! 
depression is kicking in about graduation 
I hate studying but ive worked so hard all semester i cant slack off now 
@stephanieblake I remember having to buy them and thought they were crazy expensive - but college is worse 
miserable. college is so not my thing. midterm  peace&amp;&amp;lovelovelove.
Why doesn't my college website work with f'ing safari or firefox ugh!  I need to sign up for my geol lab there is only 2 spots left ;|
why oh why is bible college so confussing......    i dont get it 
misses school and not having to pay student loans  ...i need a job stat!
The whole coursework situation is really not going as planned 
thinking of graduation is making me and @VanessaLei sad in ecology. 
its getting easier, but i'm dreading graduation 
no leica scholarship for me, oh well 
@Missinfo man i wish i could have gone to that conference..damn college graduation on the same weekend 
Officially a college graduate 
@shanegood to denver for a summer internship then back to school for the master's!!! not much down time  haha
I miss college....already....  
I love graduating but I wish I was still in college 
Off for a shower.. should then leave for college. No holidays for us 
@jemmamb yepp, same feeling  english coursework eughhhhh.
I'm off to tuition 
it's weird i'm in dcu about to do presentation work - i thought college was meant to be over for me 
Watching shipwrecked then need to do college work 
@ShazGV awhhhh no fun  i wanted to be an honorary member. &lt;/3  what's the difference between uni and college?
I seriously cant believe my brother is graduating college &amp;most of my best friends graduate high school this year 
@chezjanie from the university and we don't have the exact dates of our semester 
@heidiheartshugs must be great being a uni student, unfortunately my work doesn't quite agree with that attitude 
these days i m often late for college.  bad 
its not too long before i loose my boyfriend to playing college football for georgia tech 
had a wonderful, memorable graduation! but...a horrible dining experience at olive garden! 
@fotofobe i know that feeling! i've had it a couple times this semester. it's not fun. 
@ChrisHK Right before he let all loose in college. 
Only a month left of college 
sad ... i'm gonna be alone in the college ... bitches everyone abandoned me 
dnw to go to university 
@dougiemcfly aww i'm afraid i can't be awesome. i can't come to the signing cuz i've got college.  booooo x
HAS to work non-stop over the next few days to catch up on college stuffs 
i really dont want to be in college right now.. wish it was sunny  !!
@essieruth  it is digital, the uni just doesn't subscribe 
Last day of classes of my undergrad career 
Seriously, I cannot look at any more graduation pictures. It just proves how much of a loser I really am    
@mikeon I know  one more semester!
@agengbudiananti I didn't seem care about college etc then he and mom said I never grew up 
@caitlin6694 its redoing our coursework and she's told me what to do just not where. And the dictionarys aren't helping 
@kellysparrow doesn't pay off especially if you're a student 
Supid college server crashing 
@skateboardlino ....I'm not there....had to go to another graduation 
graduation... 
well i never made it to my GED test yesterday  i think it was a sign. my daughter had to go the the hospital. all over he body shes
is unbelievably behind with college work, its starting to scare me 
http://twitpic.com/5dipu - Picture from graduation!  I cant believe college is over 
DONE with my last spring semester of college! only one more semester left 
Going to graduation 
jcu graduation and cook-out. i am going to miss the seniors! 
In college, slogging on an assignment while munching on pringles. found the most interesting fic website &amp; i have no time to read it 
sat at college got nowt to do 
Attempting to write yet another essay for uni... 
attempting to write an essay for uni 
Marking the essays of my best students makes me really wish I had a job to offer them at the end of the course. 
doing assignments at college.  boring.
I'm too young to vote. I'll be able to, come my junior year in college. 
can't be bothered with uni essays but know I have to be 
sat in college bored as usual 
is at college! 
got the wrong size robe for graduation 
@DiamondzR4ever Aww.. I'm so sad I am missing graduation!  
graduation 
Sitting in the rainy cold stadium for boston college graduation in nothing but a thin mini dress with estherpark. 
got my first C in my college career...it is a sad day  
@jferseuask93 Any computers belonging to a school or college are invariably shit. It's a horrible fact of life 
@va1o @ university - students  crossing 
@gfalcone601 yh nd i am stuck in doors at college 
Morning! Jst sat duin college work yet agen. No1 is on facebook haha rather boring 
Last lesson in college 
wondering where this semester went 
I survived graduation...just barely, no tears!   I just don't want her to grow up, is that so wrong?  
Is in college for the last day ever, bar exams :0 
sore throat  preschool graduation !
@kyra03 I'm going to my nephews graduation 
if i had 2 wish for one thing, it would b: Graduating with my friends back home coz tom is their graduation! 
hates being poor  where did my student loan go?!?!
in college trying to work!!! but i cant!!!! 
third semester 
do not want to go uni tmr!! 
I survived the graduation... 
n more college 
@MariahCarey LOL! I failed too.  I'm about to hire a tutor though. I need to pass it in order to graduate college which sucks, but hey lol
No assistantship for you! 
@ieatsnowmanpoop cuz this is just my practicum. A 2.5 month placement as part of my graduating requirement... 
@zivklara haha. I have college entrance exams this year. It sucks.  The top universities are so hard so I went to a review class. 
off to my internship and when that's over....off to work 
ive waited for so long to experience marching&amp;&amp;attend graduation but i have no choice but to stay here &amp;&amp; study online. arghhh. my heart! 
i need to raise my GPA.  I just calculated my science GPA and looked at average dental school GPAs...it so depressing 
@katelynizzle haha okay you were talking about middle college grad I think and I got worried 
totally overstressed ... going to work now ... just want the college work to go away ... i don't wanna fail 
Wishing I could have seen my nephew graduate from kindergarten!  
Writing an essay in college writing  so boring
Working during graduation. What a shame. 
ROTC brought a climbing wall to work for coworkers to try and climb if they wanted.  I forgot my climbing shoes at home today.  
All done. No more internship. 
only gets spam in her college email account now. What a way to rub in graduation. 
The graduation ceremony should be starting about now. I really wish I could be there. 
@heartsnsparkles she is that's why she never speaks to me in college i think  .....i might just stick to unzela...if hashim dosnt shoot me
Working too hard.    At least graduations are over.
can't make it to graduation... 
looking back at camp pictures reminds me of when the college students were drunk on their campsite. someone pissed on our cabin 
thats wassup!!!!! college grad lol i manage the nights so im here til 1:30 
Is not looking for a career in babysitting 
@sinful_halo  I sorry...I love college came on and I got sad
@themainecanda follow @ncaawcws updates of the college world series it looks like asu lost 1-0 
i'm sick   and i'm definitely not enjoying this time of college as much as i'm supposed to....
is going to miss all the seniors! graduation was tooo sad 
i just want it to be over already  ...and i wish there was a bottlo on campus...
Would love to go to L.A film school in 2011.. they sent me the most awesome brochure. But I need a scholarship to be able to afford it 
wishing I could watch my bro graduate next friday, but he couldn't get more than two tickets so just my parents get to go. 
@tinchystryder If I wasn't a student and hadn't spent all of this years loan I'd be bang on it! 
going to graduation. too early 
midterms 
Really sad I couldn't be at graduation. 
At graduation, the management majors are always the loudest, most obnoxious, and least mature. These are the people managing us 
@skipsonrecord idk what time I'm going to be out of college  I'll let you knowww
Trying to find out the employment Law in a travel agents for my college course?  Trying but not succeeding! 
i do not remember anything from the speeches made at our graduation 
Going to 3 graduation parties then work 
I'm sooo upset.   I have to make a decision about university without any knowledge. It's far too risky.
just had a discussion with my mom about my grades from 2nd semester. 3 B's and 3 C's.  i had a 3.13 GPA though! that's not too bad, right?
@jaymattlin hey jay! just preparing for graduation  not ready for it! u?
is on campus... 
just has to put in the scholarship recipients and the honor mentions,...the rest, i'm missing  rawr.
@McFlyingGirl  luck u this coursework is getting too me  :@  its well hard harder than the other courseworks i've done :@
not yet sleepy. i haven't even thought about what course am i gonna take. gosh.. college is so scary. i feel shaky just thinking about it 
@drallefungjr  well its about a college graduate who goes to like in alaskan wild &amp; dies
shoe shopping for graduation and awards. this shouldnt be fun. 
is trying to do her student finance application....and failing miserably 
college prep homework. 
How much longer until I get to enjoy college football?! 
done with college ?! 
writing a practice essay for college ugh kill me 
@stephaniecruise  i might be handing out papers with the journalism staff, i may also be doing that at graduation.
We had a great school year! Boarders from 16 countries and grads heading 2 good universities. Congrats, we'll miss you all 
Weekz later I still dont like that college song 
@macro_kiwi I miss having no real responsibilities as a student... 
My graduation balloons deflated! 
@fernandopassion  I've been trying to, too much of a poor college student
bahh uni is starting to get serious 
why must there be so many graduation pictures?! i'm dreading mine. i can't believe four years passed by this fast! 
grrrr, got to get ready for college 
college now 
sitting at college doing course work 
i'm just a little crazy student with a little bad habit .. 
no college - to ill 
it's hard to be a german student 
college  its soo sunnyy
I feel like I had the wrong major in college and now have the wrong career. I wish I had made better choices. I shouldn't be an engineer. 
At college, wondering why I'm not outside sunbathing.. 
off to campus *again* 
Not happy with my internship 
just came back from college after a worst exam..... 
Walking back from parkwood to main campus alone 
having belated graduation-related depression 
I Think i might have to leave drama college, but i really want to stay 
is doing her college home work  is counting down the days until college is finished yay x
@tphantom1 You, however, are an alumni and legally allowed to drink. No fair. 
I just saw my grades, and they are way worse than last semester  wtf.
Wow freshmen can get really freakin annoying! Uuggh that what u get when u take keyboarding when ur a junior! 
Only got 1 a this semester 
The sun is bright but I have to go college to even tho exams are done 
ugg graduation was sooo sad! 
@lilmamasofly90 just got done registering for sum college classes no classes i wanted 
does not want to see her sister graduate 
ugh, heading into uni  but then shopping! yay!
i really don't wanna do the work for college 
 spambots descended... but not for scholarships... I'm signing off... 
pre cal is going to be the death of me &amp; my grades thanks senor jacobo for ruining my GPA &amp; my chance to be honor guard. 
@Zesylene great.. almost done with college. finals then free but end of june summer classes start will probably have two 
@XenoWolf only for paying alumni. Not for alumni speakers. No jackets. 
is home from Moscars. I already miss my college babies 
@Tyrese4ReaL I wish ur internship wasnt just for those who can receive college credit for it 
Its all over  I love grads of 09
@NATTEH I went there when i was a radio student and i was fiddled... 
@SydneyRenee90 why???and your not comming to my grad. 
on my way to my college interview. i am scared  haha
in university.. it s cold 
Off to see my sis graduate but first I must pack an write a paper. 
@Samisthebest lol im at college with my burnt shoulders  its boiling
sat in the garden listening to accoustic songs. need to get ready for college soon 
that is so depressing... having a dean like ours. 
@DavidArchie at least your sister knows how to play softball!! darn, i shouldn't have chosen that as my P.E. for college!! 
is doing a oh so interesting scale drawing at college 
is at college bored 
Heading in 2 troubleshoot 4 my students @ the college campuses...I haven't had breakfast though 
is bored of internship 
I just had to break a student's heart by telling him he could no longer continue here at the college.   I felt really bad doing it.
@naterogers - oh no.... [MIT students do, unfortunately, have a penchant for suicide; hope your sheet sighting was something else.  ]
grad rehearsals make me sleepy 
Writing my bachelor 
i really want chipotle for dinner..but i only have a dollar  mann...this broke college student thing is no joke!
Really expected better from university students. One's ripped off whole sections from websites... 
Getting ready to go to the 8th grade graduation!!!!  
Some people are so rude. I'm just a poor college student with a blog. LOL - @trandreww 
is going playing at the deanery again...then into college for revision for the rest of the day 
My graduation cap is too small. 
at college, study skills exam today 
Right, Just had a 'mini' interview with th dance teacher from college, hmm now its a 50/50 :\ &amp; I find out the news in a few hours! argh 
slept through my alarm and missed college on my mums bday, not cool 
im so excited for tomorrow's enrollment!!.. but college won't be fun w/o him. 
Fffffffffffffffff I hate university sometimes 
going college 
That's the semester finished for me (except for marking  )!
They took down the college or weed sign! I didnt believe @lexiefrise when she told me 
is ill off college 
Dozens of students are still missing in the cadet college kidnapping  #pakistan
@ayanami136 i don't think i'm ready to take college exams.. 
can't believe/understand how sad she is over her sickness decreasing her grades for this semester 
graduation tonight 
learning for university 
Trying to remain positive. I just want to get this semester over with 
Studying for my junior cert 
bored and finished college now but gotta go to dance still  grr
worrying about collges, courses, majors and jobs.  @bettinagon we`re so sad. :| HAHA.
@brinckey7 dont bother urself..no students were allowed 2 enter university 2day 
@jamiewatson it was so amazing ahaha, i never did get a chance to watch all of the college years 
Almost failed my Russian final...when did I become an A- student 
And the graduation tears begin! 
Just a little tired from the kalani graduation last nite 
hearing from a student that another has died 
feeling nostalgic.. wrote this poem while i was leaving college http://bit.ly/NAHYn  
why is it raining on my graduation 
at @tedbucci 's graduation 
So apparently taking a 6 week italian course was a really bad idea i hope this stupid class doesn't make my GPA drop a whole lot 
graduation just ended. suprised i haven't started crying yet 
Somewhat dreading my graduation ceremony. 
yeeeah, you know that elation that you expect at the end of degrees/school/college etc, it never happens does it. It's just sad 
@JusticeSky man they make me hate payton...i wanted 2 go give a speech @ the graduation but i decided not 2 when i realized who wz there 
@KimKardashian me 2. I did an essay on her for a college scholarship but I didn't get it 
I love the graduation song 
if i was allowed to walk at my graduation, right now i would be at the armory getting dressed into my cap and gown! but no. i am sad now 
@daniellellanes coz I was really hungry and I'm a starving college student.  and I know I always talk crap about mcdo but whatevs.
aieee graduation was amazingg.  I'm going to miss the seniors soo much&lt;3 esp my krista
I wish scholarship searches were easier. 
currently trying to play college soccer... so far not good 
effffffff... I'm smart enough to earn scholarships I just have trouble finding them 
@davisimyangel ugh i have to take bio next semester. 
sent a mail to a close school-college-friend after many years..but to ask for a favor..disappointed with myself 
waiting for final semester cusat results 
cinema cancelled  I've got college work coming out my ears, very messy lol so being responsible!
@FeeeeedYourHead i'm finishing my portfolio for college, if i don't finish this by monday i can't pass 
@Cozz It was expected, last uni event of my degree  The final farewell as it were
Getting ready for graduation 
studying at uni when I'm supposed to be in hollydays. 
I hate long graduations.. 
graduation, so sad 
@emily0418 we don't have yearbooks 
@columbuswatts missed you at graduation   drove all that way and didn't get to see my favorite leadership teacher
wonderin when 2 go bak 2 college... 
I need shoes for my wannabe graduation but my feeds are to big 
@lesypr I can't believe I found you on here!  What's this talk of college?  Where are you going?  I'm so sorry I haven't written! 
@hayjackie  tell those graduates to hurry their asses up!
@JosieCrystal I was lookingg for you after graduation, so I could hugg you   and you were no where to be founddd,
All the photography classes are filled for next semester  I just decided today that i'd rather take that than scientific reasoning!
I cant believe i missed graduation 
is officially no longer a student 
I just got a bunch of money for graduation, but i cant spend any of it. It all goes toward paying for college. 
@linduhxdee once a lifetime for his undergrad so it's not possible for me to miss it 
back.pretty tired. but have more graduations tm.. 
Just found out that I have to work on my sisters 8th grade graduation. 
Today is a busy day. Tuition 
@tracitracitraci haha traci's waaaaaasted. i miss college 
maybe graduating from college isn't so great?  getting ready to head back to cali...and inevitably the real world
@Ufffie college? LOL how old r u it was too cold I came back to fl I miss it 
with @destineebaker for roosevelt graduation. adios seniors 
i never found the fuel card  i am a bad daughter  i still haven't done my english essay i am a bad student 
@trent_reznor so your fiancee is @amandapalmer...? cool man. she passed by my town to play, but i forgot to see her.  poor college student
Is doing shitty coursework 
arhhh this is crazy. wayy too much school work  only 3 semesters left... 
aw, todays graduation 
has finished uni! It sucks and i'd like to do it all again please! 
At Matts graduation  so sad!!!
i hate coursework  i hate tidying  blah ! :p
I dont want grad to come, it's going to be so sad. 
Why do poor college students never have good food around the house? 
Trying to finish my grading, but I'm having technical difficulties with one student's podcast 
@jindramaqueen lol i keep on slacking weih i don't know why  what time will u b in college tmr?
mikes sisters graduation is starting...reminds me of how old i am! 
waffles, bath, college work 
Leaving for the graduation  so sad
very sad uni is over  what now?
My apartment is basically empty  I'm in denial about almost being a senior in college.
failing miserably at studying...i love college? 
I got pooped on by a bird at graduation 
I'm scouting for schools, but having trouble finding degrees in science with complete online courses. 
found me bestfriend on twttier  . graduation partyy but not trying to stay because I have my prject to still do  urghh
@powerpuff_lover I wish   It's the mid semester... and I'm hating it already.
@sarahroger I would have loved to have gone (I knew about it, surprised it wasn't well-publicized) but the weekday dates exclude students 
listening to radio 1 getting ready for school. :/ have sociology exam 
is getting ready for college 
time for college. 
exams are over, my 4-year engineering is complete...i will miss my college &amp; my frenz ... 
Just hanging out at the dorm.  Blahh..
is so lonely here in college, hmmp 
so glad i left school but got a exam on friday   then to tackel college
I'd give anything to be a college junior again 
So close to switching back to international relations for school.  I smell double major!  Or 20 years of college  g'nite guys...
after a great weekend back to reality and back in college 
@phoenixpwns Haha I try. But yeah I wish I could afford to go to chaminade.  That was my first choice of college.
is in college   and wants to go home and see her bezzie as she has jus returned from turkey  x
@HelenNicol Was shocking to see those votes wasn't it? Just not enough education, even with citizenship courses integrated into schools  
I need to find stuff on fandom which can be used in a university essay.. it is hard 
i am at college 
courseworking in college  FAHK
Working on stage 3 of college report. SUCKS!! 
feels bad about varsity scholars.. no offense, but i just don't think it's quite fair. 
yay!! done with going to graduations... but  I won't ever get to walk for my college graduation.
touring boston college, boston university, and northeastern. flying home at 3 
@locomiley92 I can't, I'm at lanie's college screening, I can't be on the computer until tomorrow. 
aw that's great. i can't wait to go to more but my limit is 3 right now haha..  i have to get through college pshh
@xjacobox because I'm not watching u graduate... 
my ride for college group is late.... she said between 7:00 and 7:15 ... 
graduations depress me 
How hard..   I have found a college where I plan on moving but how can I work full time+afford rent+bills+prior student loans &amp; new loans
heyy christy!!!  i wish u could come to our graduation that wouldve been fun....
is finding teachers college very hard at the moment  never a break!
my graduation song is sad 
@kassieanne11 double true that! i wish fwafa had hiring expectations for the talent levels of the auditioning students 
@shannyauburn i just want a normal, old school vacation - college visit free and all about breathing room 
Sian laaaaa!  I'm going tuition later. ^^
Under the weather for the past 4 days  but then the silver lining is MBA results r out and I passed a 3.xx GPA(4.00). A MBA grad at last
my dad would rather go to work than my graduation. wow. 
@lovelywings14 i hate college so much 
trying to finish business coursework and it aint happenin... too many distractions 
@MellissaD yes!  it's student accommodation..on campus...! 
sorry i've been neglecting the site lately  i just started college.
has finished uni early and has a debate to write up 
I think I'm the only one left at college 
has a sucky dorm 
is at college and is bored and really hungry 
already cried for graduation... and it hasn't started yet 
back at college!  back to politics lessons
has got too much online classwork to do.  
already done with a year of college, and still trying to figure out what i want in a career. help 
i'm shitting it for my college interview tomorrow 
@aplusk ditto to that     - can't wait for college football
My mom just compared me to a foreign exchange student and I started crying 
 my student said he would miss me next year for violin lesson and wants to add me on facebook
@theboygeorge i wish i still read books  college kinda killed them all for me lol, hopefully il be able to get back into them now! 
@crashe1 alass he is straight... and an exchange student 
@couturejay tell me what's going on w. college hill im missing it 
@shoniejoy yeah. pretty sure i cried myself to sleep over no more exchange students.  
@chchchelly same here. feels like i'm in college and i've lost touch with my friends from high school 
she said she would miss us wen she leaves 4 college but..she also said she needs to get away from us 
summer is making me nuts!! i miss my college friends  
jonathantyler is scaring me &quot;see you next semester&quot;  i don't want to see you next semester!!!
i'm still in my graduation dress. 
college is more expensive than i thought. hello student loans and debt. 
downloaded 5 gigs in 7 hours. i love it  college now 
graduation rehearsal at mph 
@jennytranx3 what gifts? What candlelight?... What underclassmen.. 
in college waiting to do my maths exam  hope it is easy so i dont fail XD
is at college bored silly in key skills 
finished all college work! good times! (: but has to wait in college untill her assignments have been re-marked .. bad times! 
I've just resigned from teaching at college 
is going college later......boring 
@SannyBanny they're going alright (: xcept geographics &amp; biolgy =/ And no still one year highschool  and then probably college or uni you?
Officially, I didn't get the scholarship 
Talking with interns makes me feel old. 
@TheSickChick it does, I just hope he continues to nourish it and his schooling doesn't squelch it like often times schooling does 
@teabbers me too!!! im so sad i hate college 
i'm so unprepared. my friend already has her set college she's aiming for. and i just somewhat know. 
At internship. I wish I was home 
@raygarrison aww, we were hoping for student football tickets!    lol.
sick of college and writing all these assignments  need cheering up lol
implemented many additional features for my diploma thesis... back home now... but actually i have to write some pages... no campus party 
is at college 
Just found out one of the courses i was supposed to teach this summer was cancelled this because not enough students signed up 
@bubblet0ess i want to be back already! i'm done with uni now but i have to extend my student visa here but its taking ages! i miss home 
@katiegong why  you're ognna go to the academy and have fun
getting ready for graduation 
another semester passed and once again I f up on my classes aww this is such a bummer 
I miss my internship.  (@wthrcom)
I'm at Xaviers graduation rocking a recycled outfit 
Heading to the graduation and tired of getting ready in a hurry not cool 
I can't find nothin to wear to this damn graduation. 
totally didn't get the job at delias. why would they put a incoming junior and a senior in college interviewd together?! why. why. why. 
Aww graduations always make me sad 
Missing college days... I would be at an open bar right now instead of working 
@AvArFieldAgent exactly.. sending my college daughter 2 apply.. she can't find a summer job. 
@AubMill Aubraaaa... I might be missing my grad. That suuuucks.  Waaaaaaah. 
my big bro's graduating from college tomorrow! So hype! I wish I could be there though 
@cwong08 it's depressing that if i only made minimum payments on my grad school loans, i would be paying until almost my 50th birthday 
my batch of students that are leaving are seriously the best so far. i am honestly sad to see them go. 
This is so much of a hazzle trying to go see my brother graduate from navy basics in illinois 
is dorm alone...sooo sad  http://plurk.com/p/11us7b
is at college filling out boring forms 
sitting at college filling out ucas forms 
about to go to the docter to get the rest of my needles for college 
about to head to these college classes 
@kukujane but i will be having internship!! 
Graduation is less than a month away. What do girls wear at graduation? I am going to fall off the stage and kill the vice chancellor 
is starving but doesnt know what to eat ??? off to enroll in college later woo hoo  lol
midterms tomorrow  i need to start studying!!!
@njgreenwood  i would start to shoot one that i wrote last semester but i dont have any equipment.. 
has to go to ncc for an appointment to get back into college and its rainy 
Working until 5 then class from 6-9 the life of a college student 
laying around until 245, then doctors appt to get shots for college 
graduation is inside. hailey is sad 
living vicariously through smu interns makes me feel poor 
Needs to figure out his monthly college tuition payments 
is reallly sick and graduation is tommaro 
i hate student finance 
 graduation
ahh i am so nervous for the global regents, and to see all my final grades.. i dont know how well i did, and i am so worried 
looking for an internship 
@collegiate That is so me. I hate applying for jobs so much... 
@kevjumba I would just like to say that your jumbafund videos make me miss my first year of college @ the dorms 
@ my cousins high school graduation. She'll be leaving for columbia university soon 
sitting at my bro's graduation starving!  they need to start....
My son is missing his 8th grade graduation because of flu. 
crying at graduation 
grad was fonominal! missed sytycd though 
@kellytee why are you maybe missing grad? 
Thinking about my graduation.. 
busy, i hate short semester  
I have an internship.  #inaperfectworld  
@kissonthecheek1 Because graduation made me realize that I'm going to actually miss a lot of seniors. 
@rachelroepke  i'm so sad! do you know anyone is going to that show? i'm trying to fit my visit to columbia college around it.
@sissylyn411 im also at that weird post college phase where its harder for me to relate to a highschool girl than i would like 
haha lina's hyper already well lucky you i'm in college 
is sat in college doing c-wrk .. :S ive lost an assignment .. fabness  NOT !!
random free at college....boredd 
sorry for the lyrical tweets. i'm home too early from college! hate last minute cancellation classes AND replacement classes. hooray. 
Last college shows ever, over  *sighs*
Why does one college institution exists without a system!?! I'm pretty much disappointed! 
@Wanqi i have tuition later 
really can't believe i'm over with college 
@ptaillandier  #scpojconf. On teaching programming : 11 deans against, 5 in favor.... that's all... 
@AcePower  is there no chance to pay your school by installments or after graduation? scholarship? credit?
is at college boreddd 
@vishal_ud thank gawwwd for that...  if the newspapers find me and my alternative lifesyte il be thrown out of law college 
I hate coursework.  I thought I'd done the last of it when I finished university, how wrong was I? 
@RayWJ cograts! I wish I was as smrt as u I just grad. High school and I have no money 2 go 2 college b/c I'm dumb 
Proctoring a final exam @ the junior high. Then outta work early! But target later 4-10 
i kinda wish i could be at my bros graduation right now as well... aaaaaanyways... 
can't find what to wear for a graduation  not too smart not to casual :/ hmmm.
no delaware state university for me 
I'm missing grad and I'm really upset. I know I shouldn't have left it so long, but I did. And now it sucks. 
about to leave for graduation 
The worst semester ever! I'm not happy 
@ graduation, already bored. 
ugh miserable  college aps,work.
It has now reached 91.9 degrees in my workplace 
#dontyouhate low GPAs 
is at work wishing that she could be enjoying summer like every other college kid in america 
Getting ready for graduation 
@Faceyman congrates to the grads. not guna b easy for them, tho. 
i have been kicked out of college cause my grades were to low 
actually it is my fault i got kicked out of college 
I'm a really horrible student 
I am so. Tired. I feel like a failure at college. 
It really makes my heart hurt to see weborexic and teenybopper-type websites owned by university students. 
@YoungKingz12 Lol since I've been a 4.0 student all my life til college smacked me upside the head 
I wonder if all non-traditional graduating college seniors go through a depression, or is it just me. 
interns over...but singapore sucksss 
awwh .    so how does it feel to be a graduate ?!
didnt get scholarship offer. 
reckons she passed grade 5 theory, college is officially over  recording time!
is at graduation all water-y eyed 
trtying to sort out my student finance!- which is a nightmare! 
trying to do my student finance! - which is a nightmare! 
@calierenee I work at my college's library so all the cute fire students are always coming in. it's been raining a lot now  and good luck!
has bm tuition tmr 
ugh ... i'm stuck. i don't know what else to say in my valedictorian speech. 
i like her.. but shes gone now, stupid graduation 
is a mom going back to school!  And watching my GPA drop!!   What's the best way to get your focus back?
Going to my neighbor's graduation, still raining  
Seriously considering @livescribe's smartpen after demoing @traviscj's. But they don't seem to offer any student discounts 
@FastRamone university and how it will be 
@solynn before august? ahh no! more like 2010 .. sometime! I leave for college too in september, so I can only go on breaks 
@MMadisonMorgan yeah, had 5 years in middle/high school, then minored in college. I've forgotten so much though 
@lalahhathaway Helping my cousin with her college algebra! 
@aaslekar @andsoitis77 I miss everything about college 
in early  why do middle aged people think it is cool to be at a college grad party? the world may never know..
is hungry and lazy. can she just cancel the tuition todayy? NOoooooo~ 
@ashley_sunshine yeah if i wasn't a typical college student and poor i totally would  miss you too!
@CynthiaLaac Should'a ran away. I'm talking to my dad about college 
i dont want to go back to my dorm. 
@xxbonnie i didnt get any pics with you at graduation. 
damn it! i have tuition later 
are shiraz dorm universities in danger? my fiance is there and will not leave 
are shiraz universities in danger? my fiance is in the dorm, he will not leave  #iran #tehran #iranelection
Finished my first ROTC training day earlier without doing anything.  I feel sorry for my poor bbs though. 
cant find the letter for my college interview lol 
@AGirlCalledKate I see where you're going, but I have a feeling my student loan is not going to cover the flights  
was tired cause of the ROTC last morning  http://plurk.com/p/12o217
don't want uni to start. i dislike the timetable. 
brother's graduation todayyyy. i can't believe it 
@MarkusFeehily hey im louise, and 22! iv just finished uni, got my graduation on thursday! now i have to start job hunting 
Orientation was surprisingly helpful. The nerves are all gone now gotta refocus into a college mindset. No more laidback high school  ...
Lol graduation requirement  i wanted to avoid it
Sleepover with my bestie. ...It's the last one before she leaves for college.  So sad!
WHATS THIS?!?!?!? my college diploma lost in a flood  http://bit.ly/ruqpR
Already missing college days 
now that i don't have college i don't know what to do with myself. 
really hopes she's able to get the internship 
Ally looked beautiful during graduation! She's growing up to fast 
All my students leave college on friday.How willl i cope ive known most of them since they were 2 years old !!! tissues at the ready 
going to spinning classs.. grr and going to try nd make some money online!!college classes left me broke! 
currently ~30 miles from state college. dfyfgfhgjkrrrgh considering running away and hitchhiking 
and now it plays the academy is... why does it do this to me when i want to sleep 
@kbushling ...degrees... had dinner with my friends from high school-- 4 of them are with degrees without jobs. 
I think, I just had my first gastric attack for the new semester. 
Going away to his top choice college but I have to sell my car. 
looking at college pics makes me miss my college friends. 
I miss college and the doublegulp drink off 
C#? wwhhhhaattt??!!?? i've already tried avoiding this during university yrs.. now.. we meet again.. 
busy day is waiting for me. library, uni, uni, club, uni, order furniture, study... 
I don't understand why there are students who do not even devote a single time studying. it shows in their exams. walking basketball.  tsk
Is picking out next semesters classes 
is almost done with all this college work!!!!!! for this year 
Being at my brothers college orientation thing really makes me miss cuse 
 college is over, I have now cleared and handed in my student card  uni to look forward to and enjoying the summer months
i am in college working 
Eaaaarlay college classes = 
going to graduation ceremonies are kind but they suck 
food poisoning from college cafeteria.im sick 
college on wednesday, really dont want to gooo.. 
@TEYANATAYLOR I totally understand. I was in homeschool and didn't get the whole graduation experience 
is twittering at uni 
designing my graduation announcements 
@Colobrad : well MBA is not the correct spelling for common sense. U know they outlawed Obama chia pets  funny funny
@saulyoung lol, that makes me happy! when he was in college my bro introduced it to me. one of the many things his education taught him! 
@mileycyrus yess I do ! and im in boston for a college fair and not school  hahaa
@sengming no I still don't like donuts. No wonder I avoided them like a plague when we were on college. 
last day of undergrad classes ever 
is so proudd of my best friendd who was the only incoming freshman to make cardette dance teammm 
just got in from a scholarship interview...hopefully I did good 
can't wait for the paycheque, almost paid off my entire student loan 
goin to the varsity and college lacrosse games with my lovely friend Torinnnn. it's so beautiful outside&lt;3 
So close to graduation. 
upperclassmen are awesome...i love the talks i have with them. 
@ryancolgin That's probably true, but every internship I have had I never wanted 2 go back 2 school. LOL. 5 yrs. is long enough for now. 
Is a broke college student and manages to spend all her money on movies...this is a disease with no cure...and I enjoy it thoroughly 
@ryancolgin i go to o'more college of design in franklin 
@tdobson we also do 10% student discount on all hosting packages... you're a student, right? 
@cindypon you should give it to me  ya'know help pay for college ;P*coughcoughlyingcough*
At my graduation ceremony.  woohoo!!! w00t! w00t!
is getting ready for uni  
In college still waiting to start meow 
back at college. waste of timeeee. but with jelly 
with my lovely students!  I'm gonna miss them - but boy am I ready for graduation!!
@LisaAbsinthe in college 
sleep time...picking up my college graduation cap and gown tomorrow! ah it's almost here 
@bigenya Thanks, ading.  It's quite challenging to study again many years after college.
@JennaMadison I know your are in college - I'm a little older than that  You just struck me as a mature young lady for your years
I'm a sophomore in college now  yay for finals being over!
I will be a medical social worker next semester 
@Jannniily I'm good! How're you? Where will you go for college? 
has finished tuition, is now at the hairdressers &amp; is hungry 
@TomHessGuitar I teach private lessons only - every student gets my undivided attention 
is looking at my lovely college paperwork 
Today, after 8 years of other various adventures, I am a college graduate.  
@kwerb &quot;.. corrupt the minds of students&quot; poor students LOL 
looking at colleges in irelandd  i would kill to go there...
@thefraix inside campus dong.. 
started the graduation song 
went to the college from where I did my bachelors .. to take vivas 
dinner was yummy and all... but i'm still super tired after all the things we went through to enroll for college. 
Final final of the semester 
@r_petty I'm leaving community college with a bang! 
@jlneveloff CONGRATS on graduating college! 
http://twitpic.com/4wehl - graduation pic 
is a college graduate 
Yay me! I did good on my com final  I needa step up next semester forsure tho. No more distractions.
@JeffTracey forward to starting teaching new students all about hypnosis, will have plenty of laughs I'm sure 
@MissToniii so glad i'm not at uni anymore 
getting ready to head to my gf's graduation ^^ she graduations from acadia today with a bachelors of music 
has finished his last ever uni essay!! only 237 words over as well 
@photomonkey77 i'm at post for graduation  all emts are here
I'm a college grad now 
I wonder if the graduate students leaves with boats. It would be awesome if it's that way. 
very proud of the littlest loskutoff for graduating so well 
@Shelleyroxanne thats good \o/ lol well, mine is good.. i am a college student.. its pretty nice i study languages  and what about you?
@denab16 yay indeed  are you done for the semester yet?
i guess a 4.0 for the semester isnt too bad!!!  ahh it makes me soo happy!!!  
is so thankful she has great friends and fam with whom to celebrate her college graduation 
i am a college graduate with a new coach watch 
i'm a college graduate 
deciding to stay..  I'm glad I finished my 1st semester of college...whoo!
shoppin for college 
Finished my last final....what a crazy semester it was 
making a salad and then off to bed ready for last final of the semester  wow 
next semester sorority house girls are too legit! i cannot wait to live together 
worsttt headachee everr;; stressingg overr college &amp;&amp; livingg arrangements. catchingg up on the hills &amp;&amp; eatingg a yummyy sundae 
@anniykins hey ann!!  u in college ba? how's it been?!
@starlingpoet  lol I am just me haha comedian/mother/novelist/lyricist studing psychology in college, 
@Abcmsaj college reply 
Almost finished college.. only 1 task left 
@fivehusbands sorry I missed you...I'm concluding another semester which makes the future much brighter. You've become a workaholic 
@detailfreak are you a med student? if you are: YAY!  isn't it just wonderful?
@JAZZII3love I thought you're college already, but I'm not old yet, ahaha lol i'm just 18, 
Now done for the semester!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm going to hand in my last essay of the semester! 
@webcrush I think we must be about the same age.  Yay for sr citizen law students!
I wanted to thank @tyrstag . He assisted in helping me decide my major in my second college adventure! Thanks buddy! 
I'm officially a matriculated spu student and i'm wearing my new spu sweatshirt 
@pinacolada weeeee did it, danced our wayy through college, LITERALLY hahaha your the best 
firefly @ the grad celebration! 
is doing a test to get her internship at tarunanusantara high school 
It's official, I am now a college graduate! I love @Dansily and my family for coming out and cheering me on 
@stlkdarin -- oh i'm at community college... it's affordable  transferring out soonish... which is scary. don't really like college much.
prom was fun but graduation will be better 
Dressing up and heading out to graduation 
college? hmm. i think so 
The march of graduates at the gwu graduation may last an hour. But hey it stopped raining! 
@keza34 well iv got a place at college to do trainee vet nursing i just need employment first 
Having a break from coursework 
its startinggg, yay for graduation!!!!  
Just saw my brother in law graduate from college! Yay 
my name is beth, and i am a college graduate. a wvu alumni.  and having snacks for all at my house, so come and say bye :-/
at sams graduation 
@moo_bear I think you're being slightly cynical. A plethora of my friends have gotten engaged immediately after graduating college. 
@salandpepper I should point out I'm what they call a mature student, why does that sound depressing 
little brother's baccalaureate service... so proud of him. 
At my sisters graduation and the guy making the speech is talking about twitter  i had to tweet it
Family get-together to celebrate my graduation 
at graduation. 
wahey finally finished college! now im off to maynooth to supervise some exams and watch others suffer! me, evil?.. 
@keylove18 i'm not in college, don't want to sound dumb but i don't plan on going. i got too much on my plate. &amp; i'll be 24 
I'm preparing for the enrollment! 
with chelsea and aimee in college waiting for busses to go trip 
@kirstyrawrr ily the academy is 
@smile_o3o  I am going to be at your graduation!  I'll look for you at the reception! 
Only 16 days til' graduation yeeey 
loves how everyone is up as late as me studying for finals  i feel like a true college student 
@avalon789 welcome to the college of masscom! 
is at college 
@ kestra   YAY!!  how are you?  hows uni going? we must catch up someday soon, its been far 2 long xx
3.575 gpa for this semester!!!! it's a good thing. 
Making a websites for college 
Bout to watch the recruits 
is in college, propppa buzzzing about things  whayyyyyyy . &lt;3
is looking up uni courses across the country 
@TonyUK44 i do photograpahy at college. hope to carry it on at uni 
jason is helping me with my college work 
@gflyhalf unlike you sikulala darasani  I was a the perfect student...always alert and all 
graduation! 
correction : laguardia community college 
Changed and ready for my second exam and also my last day of college! 
@CharliePrime elac student  k back to sleep g'night
going to go into uni and see my faveh soon 
is graduating university in 3 hours with my first degreee in politics  my second one will be in teaching!
at college doing make-up 
i'm at college doing coursework even though im not suppose to be here. how good am i? haha having subway for lunch though! 
@JeanneBehr work later, early registering my h.s. jr. for some summer college courses! exciting, no?? 
finished college foreverrrr 
Finished college FORRREVERRRRRR  Errm, except the 5 exams, of course... :|
is checking out the student poonani in farnham 
Going to my sisters graduation. 
Days of wonder going so quickly...trying to juggle scholarship apps due 06/01, 1st legal assignments due 06/03, and I get back on 06/02! 
long weekend, yay! well its a long weekend for me everyday now till i start college 
haha tommorrows my sisters graduation and instead of her going to sleep, she is singing and dancing with me to ftsk  aha.
doing laundry at 1am.....i really am a college student!! 
2 days till I graduate from college 
@MindaC find an old college textbook and start reading it... 
- finally catching the new episode of college hill. 
@feblub - There'd be 2 educations then. 1 should teach us how to make a living and the other how to live 
@AgustinaP i took tango classes in college... very hard and very sexy at the same time. You'll love it  kinda miss the classes myself...
my transparency is equaled only by my inability to hide my feelings.  warm-faced &amp; happy 'cause GED triumphed again!
21 days til tallahassee.  ah the joys of college , rushing so quickly upon me. i still want to screammm
is there a doctor in the house?  we made it through to graduation. awaiting the official transcript though!
Finishing the internship 
