Most common words for this cluster:
[('computer', 249), ('wow', 3), ('wasnt', 3), ('isnt', 2), ('d', 2), ('x', 2), ('lol', 2), ('songzyuuup', 2), ('thechkrato', 1), ('amoorejr', 1), ('justinnbenji', 1), ('youngq', 1)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'computer', 0.9999997615814209), (u'computers', 0.7979379296302795), (u'laptop', 0.6640493869781494), (u'laptop_computer', 0.6548868417739868), (u'Computer', 0.6473336219787598), (u'com_puter', 0.6082082390785217), (u'technician_Leonard_Luchko', 0.5662749409675598), (u'mainframes_minicomputers', 0.5617724061012268), (u'laptop_computers', 0.5585452914237976), (u'PC', 0.5539619326591492)]





my computer crashed!!!!! booooooooo 
My computer is broken 
computer restarted 
@slickt614 I would! But I'm not on a computer! 
the computer is maybe entirely totally completely &amp; utterly dead. 
Packing my computer  i wont have it till tomorrow 
You have to take it from a pic on your computer and i cant exactly remember 
STEWPID computer 
I miss the computer 
I'm up! I already miss my computer. 
i hate not having a computer because it means i can't talk to emma 
still no new computer 
i hate you computer for blockin my imternet 
I'm so aggravated right now. I feel like breaking this computer 
my computer is not working very well 
my computer is severely infected 
computer just spazzed. feeling lonely  i miss him... sadly... he probably dosen't care.
@heybonnie it faillllllllled  so i redownloaded the new one, and it just completly fucks up my computer :/
My computer just died on me 
@Parsnipy im using the computer  i want a touch but im scared i might loose it.
why is my computer being so slow 
restoring her computer 
My computer is all messed up..it won't staaaart!! 
I hate my computer, it's too slow 
is tired of my computer being messed up.....  
@didgeluvsjonas hahhah its only on the computer not that laptop 
my computer is overheating 
Is feeling frustrated with her computer!! 
i murdered my computer. I'm not sure how i will survive now 
is back online...my computer overheated 
@ashleycimino seriously..  my computer won't let me though.. 
have to format my computer 
missing my computer  hoping to get it back soon
my computer really sucks  
@oconel Me too - she usually is early and I think her computer was on when I got here but now it looks like it's locked or she's left 
computer is infected. 
I miss having my own computer...  
Using tiffys computer...it feels different from mine... the touch is different. 
My computer died 
My computer is broken 
The computer is being really slow, especially on typing! 
@tapulous You always catch me away from my computer.  ?
i need to get my computer fixed 
@leztah The dayem computer  #twpp
Sitting at the computer... I should study...  But I'm not right now, because I'm procrastinating again! XD
computer won't turn on  I miss twitterfox.
I want grilled cheese  but my tummys full &amp; @syrenn is on my computer =/
hard drive on my computer died  ill deal with it 2ma lol
why won't you install on my computer tweetdeck 
My computer is dying 
My computer isnt turning on 
why does every computer i touch break 
Wow. This computer is slow. 
I miss having a computer that loves me. 
@Mkenn076 sorry my computer messed up 
fredric took over my computer 
my computer is going slow 
@azizijones my bad! they took away the computer from me 
my computer is broken 
My computer is spazzing 
@simplyaly awww why?! sorry i didn't reply on gtalk, i left my computer on again 
I would if i had  computer with me 
My computer is about 2 crash... no more tweeting 4 me then. 
my old computer is very unhappy....and dooooomed 
http://twitpic.com/6c84h - I wish I could lounge around the computer like @thechkrato 
@ducktastic aw you just got me really excited.  then i looked at the site and it won't work on my computer 
I'd love to but i'm nowhere near a computer. 
My computer is not working 
computer is officialy dead 
I have a computer but not for long 
My computer crashed. 
need a new computer 
still has no computer... 
@BensonGoesRawrr i wish i could, but my computer is brokies 
Dying for a new computer 
my computer is stuffed up  and i can't fix it D:
i wish my stupid computer was faster!! 
my computer died 
I want my computer back 
damn it my ebuddy on the computer won't work 
@saramathews43 I'm here now , my computer crashed so I had to get it fixed 
I wish I could get on the computer ahh 
I need to get my computer fixed, but I can't part with it right now to get it serviced... 
@ohhhjulie You finally got it to log off from my computer 
Ugh my computer just froze 
@xhotpinkstarsx i'm not on my computer right now, i'm sorry 
I cannot wait to get my computer back! I feel twitter deprived 
i hate this computer! it's so effing slow! 
I need a computer badly!!!! 
The computer was breakdown. 
my computer crashed 
i think my computer's dead 
@DebbieFletcher lol, I hate virus, they're all over my computer 
@YoungQ  i wish. i need a computer!!!
@AjaDaniels hey!! I'm good! I miss it down there! I have the pic of us at yogurtland on my computer and it makes me miss down there 
Thinking my computer is officially dead  what to do?!
Is without a computer 
I was just on bing and my computer crashed 
i think my computer is broken 
@amoorejr not yet  i havent been by a computer but as soon as i do ill let u kno
And I think my computer just laptop just broke 
My computer is broken 
My computer is broken. 
my computer is going to crash! 
I have the slowest computer ever 
...and no more computer 
@ringorang sadly I think @jessie1326 will win as I am leaving the computer. 
is sad that she can't play hoverkart on her stupid computer. 
hhhaaaasssss no computer and hates it 
I think my computer is fried 
I hate my computer! 
I miss my computer 
I want my computer painted  but I know he won't do it
It's hard to be away from the computer 
Trying to get NetDrive to work. I guess I have to reboot my computer. 
My computer makes me so sad 
@BaileeJane i tried but my computer is working! 
sitting bored on the computer 
@caitak or get a new computer? 
@beebalmdancer ahhh... it probably went away when my computer crashed.. 
Trying to fix my computer 
no more computer until chicago. it's broken 
going outt, computer screw upps   byee x.
@NevershoutAZIAH I'm not on the computer 
i think my personal computer is broken 
i'm so bored... and i can't type korean with this computer so i can play with themm.. 
This computer us fucked up. 
I want my computer back 
's computer is fucked 
my computer died 
I miss you all so much  I wish my computer were fixed.
@jsmith189 I don't have the site here  my computer is getting fixed... I'll send it to yo once I get it back
@SongzYuuup they kickin me off the computer... 
My computer is battery challenged. 
doesnt really want to delete any music from her computer...  but, gonna have to... [boo]
@KevinTwomey not good 4 stupid computer... 
I have really boring right now.. my computer doesn't work like it should...  and I don't know what to do. it sucks
@trevorjames yep, and I need a new computer, so I can't even listen to music.  but I hope you feel better soon!!
dudddee my computer is being totaly slowww 
@justinnbenji i know babe youd have to have a computer to see it anyways 
wishing my computer wasnt totally retarded 
@jonasnessica Daaaaang...  have you tried to restart your computer?
I haven't memorie enough on my computer 
@HollyTheBrave SOrry holly  my computer went Kapluey
leaving now! goodbye my computer 
I wish my computer would work. 
I much fear there is disaster waiting ahead for my computer 
@markmedia How annoying, I can't get it to stream on my computer. 
I waaaaaaant my computer back 
i have to go to work now without my computer  so weird.
My computer isnt working 
Missing my computer 
My computer is refusing to turn on!  x
My computer is refusing to turn on! 
@emcrutch I would totally do that if I weren't desperate for a new computer 
My computer just died.  won't boot back up.
I don't have a computer 
well my computer is dying, can't keep twitting as much as i would love to 
My computer officially doesn't not turn on 
My computer inexplicably shut off on its own 
my computer is infected 
@SongzYuuup ugh u always go live when i get off my computer 
@cassiemccown my computer is being gayyy i can't 
My computer died!!!!! 
argh need a new computer 
Finally shipped my computer off 
just got computer back but i still need to take it back again 
what happen with my computer? 
I adore when my computer is crazy slow.. 
I miss my computer 
My computer is acting up 
@BrianPuspos right when I logged out of my computer 
@StreetOfficialB the computer overheated 
@EmilyButler It's not working on my computer 
My computer is not working 
i am back! computer died  but all is fixed now!
my computer is currently down 
Thinking I need a new computer  WoW being slooooww
My computer died 
no computer  i think i need a new one..
I miss my computer 
My computer won't turn on. I think the powercord is bad. 
finally finished reformatting old computer... it took forever. 
my computer is spazzing out 
@thepurpleline asldfhfjdalskfjdh it makes my computer run really slowly 
my computer is running superrr slow! 
I mad my computer is actin up 
aaargh, my computer is soooo slow 
Hey i miss my computer 
I want to download #backtothefeature but I don't have a computer!!! 
I might be without a computer. It's not wanting to start. 
computer almost died  but now its good!! 
need some music  seriously dude i want my computer :'(
@JonJames3 I'm too lazy to get to the computer!!  lol
my computer is scaring me. 
computer is sooooo slowwwwwwww 
Nopee, my computer is really slow and might freeze. 
@SteffyBanks  i'm not at a computer right now babe 
argh!!!! lvatt isn't working in the computer....   
damn my computer just shut down 
I miss my computer 
i can't use the computer     but sshhh... don't say enything ;)
I wish i had my computer back 
My computer is down. 
On computer bored 
I wish my new computer wasnt broken 
My computer is dead 
@tessax05 why cant you be on the computer? 
Wish my computer was working. 
@vickytcobra gahhh, i was in your stickam chat, then my computer closed out of it! 
I miss my computer! 
i wish my computer wasnt so slow 
my computer is broken 
My computer won't work  can anyone help?
@Rosalieart I want your computer to be fixed   I am really lonely without you. D:
@cREAYon msn crashed!    stupid computer.
Hopefully still has a computer 
Wish my computer worked so I could Skype with @spdracerx. 
My computer is not working... worst ever 
@thomasq i don't know how to twitpic from the computer 
@erichalvorsen unfortunately, I am nowhere near a computer. it's actually really frustrating 
finally sorting my computer out 
My computer won't work! 
this computer is so freakin stupid 
@munkymunch I'm off my computer so i'll have to wait to watch it 
I don't want to format my computer. 
I miss my computer 
wishing my computer wasn't broken. 
has got his computer on the telly and is playing slipknot  go me!
my computer crashed, but i'm back :B i am twittaddicted 
@Pischina just saw this  I will look when I turn on the computer but mymugshot maybe?
I have just been gardening    and now I'm on the computer!
just fixed my computer!!! 
being bored and sitting on the computer 
i'm sitting at my computer 
Just realizing that I use to much time at my computer, but honestly... I don't care 
on the computer! 
wooop wooooop  computer is working again 
I've almost decided which computer to buy 
Finally got my computer back 
yay new computer to fiddle about with 
just looking at my computer and don't know what I am doing 
FINALLY! A computer that actually WORKS! 
On my new computer 
listening to zie'l while mineswippering on the computer sitting on the couch... i'm spiritually high 
I finally got a new computer 
@pearlincoln haha actually I think the computer is easier 
just woke up and on the computer 
finally got a new computer.....now I'm fixen to play WoW 
