Most common words for this cluster:
[('computer', 1093), ('computers', 51), ('laptop', 47), ('machine', 32), ('work', 31), ('time', 31), ('phone', 29), ('today', 25), ('lol', 25), ('amp', 25), ('im', 24), ('day', 24)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'computer', 0.9204663634300232), (u'computers', 0.7613573670387268), (u'laptop', 0.6903290152549744), (u'view_HealthCast', 0.6797176599502563), (u'Arrendondo_cook', 0.6594856977462769), (u'Komando_hosts_national', 0.6527674198150635), (u'mainframes_minicomputers', 0.6375370621681213), (u'Los_Alamos_Natl', 0.631322979927063), (u'Marco_Boglione', 0.6189079880714417), (u'laptop_computer', 0.615851104259491)]





@paradisej cool, i will. their are all kinds of complaints about this laptop online about overheating, but no recalls 
@faithgg45  this computer doesn't have shockwave...blah  no account yet
in the university, in the classroom, on the computer... shit my day is boring 
@sweetlyaroundme ps I woke up this morning and I cant access any websites!  or I havent cleaned my computer completely
my computer can't open any files from the university so I can't do any work! I don't get it 
tonight i am staying at my dads and then i cant go 9on the computer!!! 
@shoreditchtwit I foolishly chose 'cad' over 'scoundrel' and am now on a list of computer design geekery. 
Why is my computer so damn slow these days?  No fun...
I'm starting to wonder if I have some sort of magnetic field around me that breaks computers...now my office computer is down. 
is sitting in computer apps 
Off to work to do some IT strategizing and then strategize fixing my own computer at home. 
@JasmineAria I don't know  *::realizes that boycotting a computer would be stupid::* SHUT UP!! 
My computer is broken, technology hates me 
sitting on sisters computer 
@vyrtue77 yeahh.. that's the problem!  Now, how am I supposed to transfer this file onto another computer! I'm confused!
must be a better way of syncing my laptop and desktop computers.....so slow doing shared folder 
Waiting at the genius bar... I hope there's still hope for my baby computer 
reinstalling my phone software for my computer in the hope it'll charge it  oh and http://5ophie3lizabeth.wordpress.com/
@markygk sounds good to me! hopefully i'll be on my computer next time 
so i'll just be waiting here for 14 hours for my music to copy on to my other computer.. 
@householdhacker I am just bored  I love household hacker!
@semipenguin i'm still with ya..sitting in the computer chair..no couch since my laptop screen is busted 
I love windows vista! but i have to admit i miss my old computer ive had it for over 4 years 
my computer is incredibly slow tonight...... 
@sushirockstar blogtv is sucking on my computer  boo
YAYYYYY uploading videos is a time consuming process on my computer 
gtg...  my sister is going to use the computer....  i'll go online later... ;)
@sofiesunshine did you recover any of your stuff from your old computer? 
missing the green machine  @JLSofficial marv where are you??
darn! no milk 4 the cerial.! I wanted cerial! ugh! i'm hungryyyy!  i'm also bored.! i'm on the computer to much....... =/
What a mess... are trying to change network cables for 4 computers and ip-phones.... need to make order under the desk 
@vichick NO!!!! Not the computer!!! Not the lifeline!!!! 
Is hating computer trouble 
@therealvinod they can't require everyone to have PCs, they don't have a support system for software and it'd be worse than the forms 
@xaireel at home, on my computer table.  i miss macbeth.  I'm having a macthrawal syndrome
I think if I didn't have my computer, I would never talk to any of my friends, god... what happened to me  I became so lame.
this computer sucks. 
How i met your mother is on! I got kicked off the computer though 
finally back online - have been too ill to sit upright, let alone use a computer. 
@OmarBesiso i am only using it on one machine  overengineered robocopy
@tsarnick Tired my dad had my computer all night 
sweet day! too nice for computer screens and the library  @Dulcette name of that website again? my memory is awful
What the heck is going on with nkotb.com or is it just my computer?  It says the link appears broken 
laptop troubles over the wknd... husb fixed the problem, had to wipe out the computer..... but all my saved pics are gone.   soooo sad!
Its a beautiful day and I'm stuck here working at the computer... 
My clock is off so I have to keep looking at my computer for the time 
think i fixed the computer yay me......... now just to see if it breaks anymore of my music 
@purplepups do you have winzip installed on your computer? i'd re up it for you, but my download limit is just about reached 
In software engineering lab. Not feeling good. 
@sidsavara thanks. I think I'll try that. This whole ordeal is driving me crazy. I'm so bad about computer stuff to begin with 
Another lovely day for computer programming  
in product design in the dt computer room writing my specification its so boring 
omg im so bored soccer training got cancelled so im at home sitting on the computer 
Is sat infront of a computer and its sunny outside 
@SnarkyMommy  oh man, so it wasn't just my computer   i was just about to spybot my sys.
Man i wish i had my own computer again 
My studio computer just had a crash and I lost about 3 precious hours of mixing. I mourn now 
@teah Exactly! I don't dare to leave my computer now!!  I need to eat/pee/breathe!!
I could really use a new *desktop* computer that is fully 64bit. This laptop is showing its age after a couple of years. 
just ruined her sound system on her computer  so no 90210 tonight !!
omg so I cheated and watched wolverine on my computer..   It was great!!!!  except I think I watched a copy that wasn't completed
computer is messed up.  lynz &lt;3
darn.... its getting so difficult to get a free computer at the ipc 
my computer restarts continuously...  tryihng to find out the problem
Computers playing up again! 
Not sure my computer will work for long enough to put pic/vid up 
says our computer is having problems.......  http://plurk.com/p/rhh3n
Tossing and turning...decided to turn on the computer again.  And I so wanted to wake up early tomorrow. 
Hates this computer its so old and slow 
My computer hard disk crashed 
@flishflash boooooooooooooooooooo  poor flash!!! *computer hug* to get you better!
::: facebook and picnik are making my computer freeze  I think it might be time to calibrate my laptop battery
@MissKatieJonas nope i just have a ordinary computer 
@iflancy I have to translate most kanji to hiragana.  I have a kanji-insert program on my computer. And that's a cool thing to study--!
i was mistaken...and im still sore and i miss my computer and i wish i could start feeling better already 
my computer made  some weird loud noise while i was very focused writing a paper. i almost had a heart attack 
stupid computer why wont you play any cds 
my supercomputer is messed up 
My computer is broken, so I won't be online for a few days  Have fun
R.I.P my 2nd computer..just found out my motherboard is fried..im sooo pissed...i dont have then money to replace it..shit!!! 
still am in the computer lab writing my paper 
More computer problems, had to rip out the hd and install a new one, not sure what was wrong with the old one but it wouldn't work 
Editing some film then my computer freezes. WTF? 
My computer died.  Hopefully it can be brought back to life, but it doesn't look good right now.
@x_silentchaos hey im really sorry but my computer keeps freezing up and i keep loosing my progress. this might have to be delayed a day 
new computer. installing all my games. takes too long 
My computer is broken  #fb
@CalebFTSK yes but I don't have my computer 
Computer isn't working 
has to bring her laptop in for a fix tomorrow  WoW broke my computer.
@gryzzygrynd I havent been able to get computer access since my teensy laptop shit on me!  I will see it soon. And who could NOT miss THIS
Computer making funny noises ... damn 
anyone have any idea why her computer has now given up on burning dvds??? 
@__mares__ moocher's computer is away getting fixed 
Oh my computer got sick 
@GoldLeader If you have a copy you need to send it to me... my computer died and lost my pics 
I didn't realise how much I rely on my computer until my graphics card died today... 
headache possibly waning, time for more drugs and to be away from the computer.  I hate headaches. 
@legaufre will do. only three of them are on my computer atm though 
@MyssHersheyKiss i'm cryin i'm goin to burn this fuckin computer and drive to the library and listen to da show on theres  so pist lol
get stuck with my PC from last night. it get freeze... I lost half of my data  even my internet satellite settings :-[
dyin' without my computer 
@amigastu can connect using drive mapping but you can't browse anything   Other network drives can't enter your homegroup password!
and its early cuz tmr i cant go on the computer. 
my computer refuses to start up  how awfully dependent on technology i am.
still can't find her lead that connects her phone to the computer and has pictures to upload from it! 
@kate38381849 lol. damn i am so tired.  my eyes are psh! I need to get out of the computer often. 
can someone check to see if my page background is yellow or black?  it always appears yellow on my end, but maybe not on your computer 
Just did a system recovery on my computer and now i have no internet. Wtf did i do? 
Light is gone in my house i cant use my computer 
@millamanilla i need to go to the computer lab tomorrow though! 
My computer has viruses but won't let me delete the infected files  free programs won't remove them &amp; I'm broke.
It's hard being a machine  addicted to caffeine 
Computer might be broke 
&amp; yes, I dont have a home computer, but it's not nice to laugh at the deprived 
@missxtatti im using my phone....my computer is on crack right now.. 
My poor computer can barely get internet anymore 
hurry up computer 
Shutting my computer off and then turning it back on in hopes of aim working so that @shakeandsigh will not hate me 
@mandyluvsjbx3  is it like being really slow or something?? its not working on my computer! gaaah
@ school in the computer room just a little bored 
Up early for computer science revision  so much to do, and i know so little.
I really need my computer back, my bedroom is just empty without it! 
@wow2000 my computers down for the count i think 
@WadeBagley stupid essay has me staring at the computer screen for hours, not doing anything, just staring 
@BrittGoosie awwww  is there computers in the library or something?
My computer runs so loud 
going off line for a bit - will log in via other 'broken' computer - whilst I ry and fix the wireless connection 
I Am so fucking bored  and the computers at the school haz no speakers or pronz 
Morning everyone, computer issues, rebuilding laptop, fun day 
Really need to order those glasses....computer headache for two days 
So ticked that the laptop won't connect to the internet. And the home computer is slower than molasses. This sucks. 
Itunes slows down my computer so muchhh.  Either that or I'm in denial and I have a virus.
@BrittanyEXE ur computer is going 2 die?k. 
needs a new power cord for his computer. 
i hate my computer...it won't download the touch pad driver and the usb ports suck.... 
annoyed. my mother obviously thought cleaning out the other computer was worth it.. it took like 14 hours!! 
I miss my phone  Fck updating from a computer.
@tessajames01 sorry computer playing up  i sent 2 messages only 1 showed up
god i wish i could find the usb thingy for my phone to my computer 
@w3ndee come back on msn  my computer dcd before -.-
i just slammed my knee under my computer desk...  ouch (
My computer has stopped being a turd! Yay! But I think it's passed it on to my printer or somethign because nothing is printing. 
my computer speakers arent working 
@xCAROxx my mum took it.  i'm sneaking on the computer right now. she took computer, phone, and ipod D: ima die!
My computer won't allow me to send direct messages on here 
@Jstarkiki you can't do it through ur phone. u can only fan someone via computer 
omg technology i have missed you. phone has been dead since saturday, no longer receiving signal  plus no computer out of town.
My computer wont let me go on the internet   stupid computer!
why does my computer hate me? 
maybe not.. my internet isn't working right. this mostly happens at night.. another note for the computer checkup 
is mad at her computer for giving her false hope.. stupid computer.. it's about to die again.. and no charger in sight.. 
I need better passwords. And a walrus proof computer. 
Oh my computer ain't working 
Just fixed my computer!!!!! At 2am...   
my computer is not working at all, the sys guy is buying a new hard drive but I really don't want to reinstall everything... 
@MariRamos I hate to tell you, but your computer monitor died today.    I promise I did not do it!
playing around on the computer - bored &lt; 
is impressed with how well the computers behaving...NOT impressed with the lack of response from the dentist 
argh, computer has crashed  and i can't ctrl alt del because the oompa-loompa song starts playing 
macbook = no new camera  I hope the company pay the half of the computer... lol
@turnaroundart I have 3 computers and a laptop but I have 1 primary and always hate it when that one is sick   hope they can fix it 4 u!
trying to get to grips with a new computer 
rrr. i have to use logmein to see twitter through my home computer.. work blocked access to it from the office. 
Borrowing my cousin's speaker for the computer. But he's to selfish to lend it. 
I was grounded for 4 days from the computer!  I wouldn't get off the TV, and I clawed at the hooman everytime she tried to get me down
looks like a turn around on the computer models only a max of 22 by the weekend 
That leaves me with replacing either my brand new $120 video card, or replacing my motherboard, which basically means a new computer. 
@argylerabbit sorry I missed you - forgot to log out of chat on my other computer 
computer trouble again. nooo 
Washing machine not working properly  that's all I need ...
I think by computer might be dead. As in like it has crashed. I got the blue screen twice today.....   shit
washing machine is fucked !!! 
washing machine is broken  !!!! one is not amused lol
@rohitsabu don't bother. i'm waiting to get rid of my vista and get mac.... no money... and my new computer just a year and a half old 
@omfgzzitsben awww poor you  xxx were tryin to watch twiligth in maths but computers feckin up xxxx
@red_machine as much as I'd love one... 
i broke my sewing machine. again 
hates Windows and the virus that's currently running on his wife's PC that got through the virus checker, firewall and spyware detector. 
@neonrose: @Endochick suggested I try thwirl, It slows my computer down to all getout as well, so it's web for me for now 
*sigh* i miss my bed. i want to use the laptop in my bed. but noo i have to resort to have a blanket wrapped around me at my computer 
I feeelll happpppppppppy, just set up the damn computer already! 
@h4rdc0r3 yeah I would log in to my computer at home but I switch it off this morning to save it from builders' dust 
I guess I'm going to have to wait until I get to an actual computer to figure this out.  I must be getting too old for this stuff.
My girlfriend stole the computer from me 
Computer problems again? This bytes 
@StephanieLynn07 aww :/ i is sorry s buddy my internet cutted out and i was all sad so i had to restart it and my computer 
@scrumhalfblog well I don't have any suggestions to you! I am basically computer illiterate! sorry 
i hate using any computer but my own. on other's, its so hard to do anything. i hate being a tech freak.  me=nolife
@zeryck crap, I don't.  I mighta put it on my computer though, hang on
google I/o, D7, and other conferences comming soon and I don't have a computer to watch any of this ! 
upside: my computer can fix the router all by itself. downside: apparently this involved undoing &quot;save tabs&quot;...&amp; 1h theme camp app work. 
@brookeiloveyou You're link is weird in my computer...  It's like a spam ad. (
sad.... computer ambushed. computer fail. joseph sad. 
@jbxbaybee I wuld check ur backround but I can't get on my computer  srry
Looking at the computer 4 awhile hurts! 
It is so annoying when she starts typing on her computer in the middle of the night! 
@keytar still!! give your computer a break omg 
I hate it when this computer screws up and decides not to play sound on videos 
@DonnieWahlberg and now I have to shut computer down and get ready to go home from work....what a bummer.  
not sure why I can't get tweetdeck to work on my computer. want to know what all of the hype is about 
I think my computer is sick 
My head is starting to ache again, and I have to reinstall operating systems on 31 computers. 
@DsBabyGirl  having a stressful morning! just got my computer back (crashed) - trying to reinstall everything. 
Experimenting.  With puppet again. I think I just wiped my drive on my workstation 
Bit devastated that I lost my entire documents folder on my home computer. 
in computer class, photo booth doesn't  work 
@btpl iTunes won't let you move songs from the touch onto the computer. 
Ugh! I just realized that I have to completely redo my tweetdeck groups! Pains of computer being wiped clean! 
@mileycyrus my computer is being stupid and wont let me vote  . if i could i would vote for u.
I'm going to be without a computer for a few days 
@_MeesLovesYou_ Grounded from the computer... sucks for you. 
Computer remains dead 
I just put my computer up on craigslist. I've had the same case, monitor, and speakers for over 5 years. 
My computer dies soon  - its so much virus on it but my virus scanner  cant find it :S
Feeling kinda nervous when there was a virus found on the computer 
No TV. No computer. Barely any lights!! lol. The storm is crazy bad 
getting ready to destroy my evil computer  I am sorry if I don't reply I am trying everything to make it run faster.
@calisummer yes I am.... but I brought my computer with me... along with a stack of work!! 
@SavannaFisher hmmmm I'm not sure  I never done that and I'm playing darts at my uncle's in greenville so I have no computer
My computer is on its last legs. 
Ugh i think my computer got a virus  my mom will kill me running scan now
@Fairbro1994 aww, you're so sweet, my picture's being all weird...it's won't show up on anyone's computer right now. ugh 
I hate when computer programs don't do what they're supposed to. 
I'm being a really bad twitterer...  staying away from my computer for a while.
@syellefan88 lol i only go hat shopping when i know what i want..no sorry, my mom is on her computer 
I got my computer about three weeks ago and I am already defragmenting it. 
@GeorgiaPrincez yep....he just looked...3 or 4 adware and 8 or 9 Trojans....somebody is trying to kill my computer... 
Computer completely legless. 
ok the computer has still have glitches in it ouch!! 
I am glued to my computer. But I need to study anatomy !!!!!     aaaargh *having a tantrum moment here*
@Piewacket1 I know usual problem  I really will get on a computer 'soon' x #marsiscoming #marsiscoming #marsiscoming
hyd sucks for computer hardware - cannot get a nice tablet anywhere in the city 
Why does my computer hate me so much?   
The computers went into maitenance mode 
@yohul my stupid machine has only 512mbram 
I wish my sewing machine worked 
@mickitymike I can not give you monies. The new computer will use up all of mine 
@onionXrings1 The computer is too expensive, then the game is too expensive, 
my computer fell on my toe now its all messed up 
@kfkangaroo I'd love that but I have to work.  they're implementing a new computer system so I have to go in.
Is still having major unresolved computer issues, has so much work piling up, and is very discouraged. 
#epicmove Its depressing to not have a computer running in my living space 
@csweather And of course the echolink software is only for the PC -- gotta switch computers 
@SapphyNo1 @BigAssBadger computer connection a bit slow then?...oh and energy 110  I wish I'm stuck around 35 
no #cubs blog today....my computer died 
computer is still at best buy 
The sound on the computer is not working. 
Ive spent too much time on the computer already.. .no more procrastinating.. The dishes must get done   perhaps i will sync my ipod 1st
Sneaking some computer tme while the family plays t ball. I am in the middle of cleaning 
Who keeps on hacking in my computer? I'm getting very worried and impatient now!!!! 
no computer for a few days, its messed up  got the laptop though!
hmmm I told myself i'd lay in the sun today but yet the computer compells me to stay inside  I so wish i had a laptop to solve this -sigh-
i cant log in to my twitter on my computer! 
arg this computer is super slow, it is limiting me 
my computer has gone mental. looks like no studio time for me today  ... time to kick some computer ass!! Muahaha
2 and a half days with no computer!! i never tought that i'd ever say this but it is crap!! i need my internet! gosh...i'm addicted!  LOL
This is the worst day ever &gt;:| phones screwed up, fell twice  computer isnt connecting, and dad hates me, freakin cool.
@Umad80 - darn computer froze up on me - It just has the worst timing 
I need a new computer, mostly to play TS3. 
To tired right now... I'm slowly falling asleep behind my computer 
@evefairbanks My sympathies about your computer. 
chilin at the bbq...they told me to put the computer down 
My computer broke 
I need a new computer chair, this one hurt to sit in anymore 
is it weird that i miss an inanimate object? i abandoned my poor computer this weekend. 
ooo todays a busy sunday, i miss my regular computer times. 
just got viruses on computer.. suck damn 
@webcrush now what do i do.. i want another smart phone update from sprint that will go with my mac computer.. 
Grounded sa computer 
No the computer would not let me check twitter   
ugh the sound isn't working on my computer. my room is so quiet  
Power went out and I lost all of my stuff on my computer! 
@shelbilavender dang it.  I missed the party!  sigh I'll just sit here at my computer by my lonely self. 
My computer froze. 
the computer is on the verge of dying... idk what happened to it 
sometimes i after i use my phone for a while i forget how to type on my computer correctly.. 
i am in texarkana. think my computer has a  virus  . i've been tweeting from my sis' account @tanyaka. her page sucks!
woooooooo i have fast computer again! thanksabunchesbabes! -- now just to get my speakers to work  --
just realised why computer nerds are stereortypically pale. There is no way to work on a computer outside in the sun. 
for anyone who is into computer security - cliph from isec.pl died  r.i.p mate..
@Jacintalaura i have to get off the computer now  txt me okay? be happy love you!
my computer froze  my life is officially ruined :'(
my computer has a virus  on sisters laptop
@elizabeth_rose i know i'm reading it now! but mum might take the computer away 
I miss internet and a functioning computer. I feel cut off. 
Computer isnt working 
My bezzie stole the drawing coz she loves them even though I forgot to scan it to the computer 
putting all 3,904 pictures on my flash drive. as well as 1024 songs. all going on my computer cause my laptop is getting old and broken 
waiting to get on computer ugh low battery 
I need something I can paint in on the computer. I need it. 
@toddf i pulled my memory card out my computer and alllllll  the pictures are gone + i need them for college  &lt;3
And wont have computer for some time because its broken  so yeah *sob*
omgoodness, my computer won't come on all the way.  so I can only access the net from my phone 
This is ridiculous, all 24/7 computer labs are closed in edward right building except one, and it full of students,,, where to go 
My dad's computer won't turn on, even though it's on - which is weird, but that means that I can't download some songs I want 
hating my computer cause when i change my dumb dp it puts an X over it 
grrrring at my computer....damn slow thing. 
main computer has worms 
@mattynudin Whats spymaster? I'm not on my computer so I can't join it yet. 
The downside to having your computer fixed is that half the stuff has disappeared. photos = bye 
Organizing my computer, my dad left already 
@allyeatscat I love thunderstorms, besides that I have to shut my computer off during them 
I am computer-less for a day or two. Sad. 
My computer is sick and won't work 
@mileycyrus I feel really bad about what that hacker said to you 
@lastfm i wanted to listen to my reccomended radio  I'll survive, but I don't have any other players on this computer, fix it faster!! :p
Rats, the battery on this thing is going down and dad is on the other computer. I wanna stay online. 
nm, you? im eating .. and i have to go soon cuz i gtg to my moms .. no computer there 
Me and my computer don't like the heat 
@Yarnsticksbooks hope you have better luck with computer repairs than me. Computer has been gone for 11 days so far 
Is it just me or do the hockey sticks look larger on nbc than versus? No computer....broken. 
my motherboard crashed...I'm limping computer-wise for a few days 
And now I have an entire folder of pictures missing! What is up with my computer?!?! 
I need a new computer chair 
My computer just crashed. bye bye computer 
@willdawson hmm, would be good if i had my computer near my bed, unfortunetly, that's not the case 
@RandiiBabii me 2!!  something wrong with my laptop &amp; my mama on the computer 
fuck i cant type chinese in my computer 
my eyes hurt  too much looking at a computer screen
waits impatiently for facebook/hotmail/net bank to work on my computer 
@hannahsheri i heard lol...my brothers computer wouldnt load the chat 
Finally going to get this computer re-organized during this 8 hr trip since the hard drive I bought makes everything difficult to find. 
Going from coffee, news and computer to getting ready for work 
eww the heat from my computer is melting the stickers on it 
@iggi199 I feel ya hon. Trying to fix Brads ma's computer, so slow and so many viruses... 
Washing machine is calling me 
My computer is down,so mostly tweeting via txt till the weekend. 
$610 to recover any data from my ten month old computer that crashed? done with dell. practicing calming techniques. bye bye data files 
Getting my computer ready to be taken into the shop to be fixed.  2 weeks without a computer does not sound fun.  
soooo sick of viruses  someone should definitely buy me a new computer!
@BrandyWandLover dammit, can't play it on this computer...will have to wait till I get home  xxx
Photobucket lags my computer so bad. 
i need elbow pads for working and playing on the computer. i swear, they are permanently bruised. which means constant discomfort  stoopid
I need a rental lap top, my computer will be going in for a upgrade and it could take up to 2weeks 
@jennscrzy god that would be nice I feel sick now and I know my husband won't bring me one  waaaah I'm dang stuck on this computer lmao
why is my computer being sooo dumb 
@katherinemarsh my parents won't let me get it cos apparently it 'clogs up the computer' it'd be epic to play on the mac too! 
 since 50% of my life is spent by sitting my ass on the computer.
My cat killed my macbook with a fresh glass of water.  computer no more aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!!
chaddddddddddd my phones dead  but i just realized i can talk to youon twitter on the computer! i smiled hella when i realized that haha
hiya. heather is hacking into my computer not good 
ciaraaan: hiya. heather is hacking into my computer not good 
I keep trying to strangle the stuff on my computer screen but.. sadly, it seems to be impossible 
@StacieBee yea I started using http://blackle.com a month or so ago. I like it. But everything else on my computer uses a white backdrop 
@DontTrustMe49 ughh my yahoo isnt working since my computer is being mentally challenged. 
@innuendogirl My computer froze because of that open office thing. I have to use my other computer and tv.com is blocked on here. 
ugh... my computer refuses to work.  now i'm stuck using other peoples until i get mine figured out 
my computer isn't working right and I am in safe mode  but at least i can work with it 
anyone no how 2 fix computers? think mines crashed. won't turn on 
I think grapes are a little to loud to eat in the computer lab.  I'm hungry though.
@missmandyc Sims 3!!!! Do you already have a copy reserved? I bet my computer won't even run it 
quite saddened by all the photos that were lost when mum's computer crashed while I was away! 
Missing the days when you could just call your IT department to fix your computer issues.  The downside of working for yourself.  
well, that was fun, now i know what that noise was inside my computer 
my computer just woke up and its open to alex deleons blog. 
(puts head in hands...) oh crap, purging useless files from my computer is so aggravating; been at it for 6 hours... 
I love my new computer; too bad it's not a laptop though  oh well, a cheap good computer is good enough
@josielovesmcr yeah!!!... u.u..that means that i can't throw your computer... 
So hungry but can't leave computer until I have received email about group assignment 
Computer crashed hard 
we're not gonna be in the computer lab tomorrow in orchestra... it was really fun making videos with jessie! 
upset that my dang laptop failed me earlier while i was trying to turn in online homework 
@kikimarie593 Aw sara that sucks about your computer 
@labelladiva This computer does not have sound  I guess it will wait until tomorrow.
My computer is having a mac attack 
ughhhhhhhhhhhhh why he tryna play ! he know im deathly afraid of cockroaches  lmao i almost dropped my computer
realised that all my tech savvy equipment is causing me at least 70% of radioactive effects per day 
@JenJelly85 I got really mad at my brother because he was being annoying, so I slammed the lid on the computer. And it broke. 
I'm trying to operate my computer with out my eyebglasses. It's horrible. I have my screen zommed to the max and can barely see anything 
I'm gonna have to take my computer to the doctor. All my electronics hate me lately.   At least my migraine basically gone!
DELL Computer will delay one day, like the sales agent this time, very responsive n capable guy, at least not like those idiot last time 
@RoAmy83 exactly! the time i get to use the computer and its down! 
@musicmuch  hacking is not nice
back to the old computer... everything is uglier here 
@kikimarie593 I'm sorr your computer broke  that REALLY sucks.
computer problems 
my dad delete all my software, so that he could install age of empires.  URGHHH..
@soniamonia: me too   ... reluctantly dragging self from computer for 15...thinking about vicarious running...
no computer for 2-4 weeks!!!! 
@whoareyouoohooh that dish looks so delicious! Wish i could reach through the computer and eat it 
looks like i will be using parallels more on my mbp, for my suuntodive computer software, for mindmanager version8 and irex software 
My fucking computer exploded 
my computer is broken and i don't know when i'll have the money to fix it 
in cyber....i stil dint get my laptop repaird 
@Kaboro unless you mind reading on the computer, because microsoft reader doesn't have a print option 
ok my computer is running out of battery now I guess I don't have much time left 
can't believe I am going to have to live without my computer for awhile. 
hey everyone sorry i've been gone for so long...  my computer died for a little bit. but im back lol
reviving dead computers = hard work 
Still working on the computer. drivers take so long to update 
My eyelids get soooo heavy here @ work in front of the computer 
@AngieG75 This dumb computer at work won't let me do it.  They block so much.  Thanks though.  
needs a new computer badly 
Going to miss doing all my hw on my drafting computer during first hour 
@randomrradio I do that too when my computer's running. The heating will be mostly off now though but it's still boiling hot in my room 
wants a new computer sooo bad... a five year old mac is just not cutting it any more 
Struggling with my computer, reformatting my hard drive. Only 6 months old, already had to have it repaired/replaced twice before. 
My computer sucks so I missed the whole of it 
why does iona have nicer computers than pace 
@eternallust arrr i cant see it  im ill in bed not by a computer
@kimberly625 sorry to hear about your computer  can u get emails I sent you one?!?!?
My eyes need a vacay away from computer screens 
getting so upset my computer is being a total twat, Imovie is saying generating thumbnails is going to take 15 mins and running so slow 
we got the desktop computer back! now i have to put all my music and pictures back. 
@sabler i guess you don't work around enough nerds, then!  i work at a computer store, so i hope i have some luck with the earrings! 
@beckerbuns ok! I need to hand the computer over to daniel because he is whining about using ventrilo. 
@Terahann It's awesome! But it runs so slowly on my oldish computer 
@xryanrussellx no, I used to love playing the sims though, but it always took up so much memory on my computer and slowed it down. 
everyone on the sims facebook says it sucks and runs slow &amp; i dont think my computer can handle it 
@chrischamcl no, but i wanted it so bad !  my computer is horrible with supporting the sims graphics, so i didn't even bother buying.
[at]MrGooie I need a copy my computer is down  http://bit.ly/Mtyon
@IamSpectacular oki just watched the video i had to get on the computer it wouldnt let me see it over my phone 
bored on computer, will go to bed to get ready for work. my husband has diarrhea so no cookie tonite.  http://tinyurl.com/p2qy7f
My computer can't handle da simsies 
really wants my sewing machine back.... miss you singer.... 
@Fiestywenchyone It is. Just what I needed today too. Going crazy fighting with computers and software 
@troykids awwww, really?? ::hugs:: im having computer peripheral malfunctions 
sitting here on the computer looking at bbpmeet and listening to yahoo. knowing i should be sleep. im definetly going to work tomorrow. 
my computer will be back to normal in a few more hours. the virus yesterday deleted all my music files 
About to try &amp; make a new moon video on my dads computer but don't think he has any programes to make videos with... I miss my computer 
@maggiebrookes awww... i hadn't read the &quot;my computer crashes&quot; part  that sux
@HepityHop where are you? gone to bed ? demn computer! oh that was a very poor conversation!  i should talk to dad!
@benp1702 im trying to watch it  but my computer is being lame and keeps playing weird sounds on my computer but i cant get rid of them 
now...computer lesson :/ i'm bored 
Awww.  I can read i386 assembly (and write it) but I'm having trouble reading machine generated amd64 assembly 
@eviljeanius It's true!  I haven't been downloading porn in ages!  It's just magically appeared and ruined my computer 
@Erock808 nope special computer satellite decoder board  need to make sure it gets here asap. some special computer repair job i'm doing
I cant change my desktop background and it sucks 
@rachaelblogs i think cars are like computers.. they are great when they work but a complete pain when they dont! lol! 
Trying to fix my poor computer 
Driving myself senseless with this stupid computer...  It's so old and slow, but it was free and I guess that's all that matters...  
awake.. headed to work.. still stressin over this stupidass computer. shxt has me goin broke n I aint even get paid yet man..  hopefully..
boooooorrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeddddddddd ..... and i cant concentrate with electricians AND now the computer man is here too  GREATTT 
My computer is gonna be down till next week so minimal tweets from me unless I can sneak one in on someone's computer miss you all 
I am such a moron; I removed the program that lets me play DVDs on my computer 
My computer just died on me! WTF?!? I haven't even updated my ipod yet 
We have had two power outages at work. I don't know if we're on the grid or auxiliary power right now. Computer reset third time today. 
I was going to try to make the video, but I've found out that because my computer is so old, it can handle the recording program 
I was going to make the video, but I've found out that my computer is so old it can't run the recording program 
I am on the computer bored out my mind xxx 
this is stupid! whenever i try to put a picture on here it says no! theres an error or its to big or my computers gay! 
@officialnjonas eating in front the computer? i cant do it  hehe 
 computer is being very tempermental at the moment....
I broke my computer moniter... It exploded.  On the laptop. 
just went and got my dad's computer chair out the study so i could get dead comfy and it's too low for me 
@pandasqueak ughh me too  i found out in computer apps and my heart broke.
damn computer, can't do freaking anything. but anyways, happy for the most part with the top 20. but alex wong  incredible dancer.
crashed my computer twice trying out new video conferencing software  
@NKAirplay no...im @ work w/ computer that have no speakers  whens the next show?...i will tune in then.
I just installed more memory and a new modem in my computer. And I believe my nails are gonna have 2 go.  dame!
Waaaa can't do a tarot reading on osho.com cause this computer (work) has no flash installed and I can't fix that. 
I am very sad. I think my computer is on its last leg 
Sims 3 isn't compatible with my computer  I have to get a new video card or whatever.
Operating systems stripped down to the hardware. All my files stored and software gone. This is awful. 
@seabones what the hell my computer has randomly eaten half my 3eb collection 
Pretty sure that my head is going to explode from info overload and staring at this computer screen so long - feeling tweet deficient! 
what the f, f-ing myspace. another computer virus at work 
haha should i really make another one? haha because i know it's the same hacker 
sad that someone blocked http://lolpornonline.com from their home computer network 
@charleypearson mine won't work on my laptop, and my dad's computer is going spazzy 
computer's sound won't work.  boo! 
@DonnieWahlberg I would send a pic, but I dont know how. Not so computer savvy. 
MY internet sucks so much I can barely load up twitter without banging my computer against a wall 
@Jonasbrothers oh guys i missed your live chat  , i'm in final exams i couldn't get on the computer 
Srry jose forgot to let u use my computer 
i hate that my computer isn't working  text me!
I keep going to put songs on then realise they're on my dead computer 
Man I think I just got a virus on my computer. 
my computer is getting on my nerves..i feel lonely 
@christiemaine i did actually get off the computer haha.. the antiobiotics i have are massive too 
My computer broke  heading to the apple store tomorrow.
4am and I'm on my computer because I can't sleep 
Hating my computer at the moment 
AMathematics 2 on Monday and Computer studies (I'm tired of getting grade C/D for Computer) 
computer shopping. pfft back to the stupid desktops, laptops aren't cool enough to play the sims 3 
I am just sitting here doing nothing but work on my computer! 
Gahh!!! Computer keeps on showing the blue screen 
Fine time for my computer to freeze 
im still on the computer.. its killing me slowly.. 
okay so my mom is being really stupid and changed the password on my account so i can't get on the computer or online  stupid i know
My computer says I need a new battery, which is like, $200.  
's computer has officially died  crnt afford a new one :'(
@almost_design my computer keeps on crashing 
Really slow computer connection 
soooooooooooooo tired  stressful morning. my eyes hurt. must. stop. staring. at. computer.
installing the sims on my laptop instead.. the computer didnt like it 
I'm pissed off my keyboard just froze on my computer so now have to use phone for net 
@danoxster neiter of our laptops have cd-rom drives...and I think playing computer games on a european holiday is a punishable offence 
I can't believe this! I slept like a little baby for 12 hours and still I'm tired.  I blame it all on the computer!
@TamaraSchilling after a night of drinking I walk to my computer and I have a program called twiping and accidentally deleted all w/ an a 
my computer is being a cow 
My computer is having some serious issues lately 
The progress of fixing my dads computer is so slow, I shoulda went to strawberry fair insted 
'twhirl' isn't working on my computer anymore.  
arghh the computer crashed and now i lost all my bookmarks and music 
the absolute worst part about formatting computers is the reinstalling of additional plugins and other stuff 
@kathrin2003 well my computer doesnt have the right connection for my camcorder 
I hate my computer. This is based on the fact that it let me log on, only 10 minutes after my boyfriend signed off. 
Attenmpting the sims again. Computer is so slow I wanna cry 
@neontapir I was up late installing and updating software, laptop was a bit out of date. No chance to code anything yet.  
@therealsavannah live chats freezes up my computer 
i really wish my computer didnt get a virus  
@RupertLP I took pictures but can't find my bloody connect-to-the-computer-thingie to post them   It was an absolutely brilliant walk!!
Why did the computer have to be in the basement? It's so cold down here 
I love t baby i assume u got off the computer 
@therealsavannah savannah i didn't get to hear you because my computer was slow 
@beckie0 sorry i missed it but the computer is crashed and I have to use my ipod touch which doesnt let you have flashplayer 
@honorsociety awh i called and got the machine 
I wish I would have charged my computer before heading to the graduation. It's almost dead. 
My computer chair leaked oil or something all over my carpet. Weeks I've been wondering where all this black keeps coming from 
@cobeans I'm at the airport and I have no computer 
good bye computer 
my computer keeps restarting 
i thought the moth on my computer screen was an alien cos im watching signs 
@dragonflyeyes aw. it's chilly here too.   and i am not too bad. organizing my one trillion pictures onto one computer instead of 5. lol
So sad that I can't figure out my computer audio problems.  I guess it's computer doctor time  rats.
even with the worlds fastest browser my computer was being a dinosaurrrr.......... wow thats sad  my computer is gonna die soon i think
my ipod won't connect to my computer. 
awww didn't get to use the computer and missed when soul glow was taking calls on say now 
@notrightn0w I can't get any volume at all, but I think it's my computer 
Guys i'm really really trying to get the video up  my computer isn't being cool today 
feeling like a n00b cause i cant figure out how to play these files on my computer, god. 
MY COMPUTER WORKS!!..but all of my files and everything is gone 
Srry about that... Computer froze 
@hovgirl102699 I don't have computer  but ill tell tissue!
dads taking controll of the computer   
@daysdifference aw, i cant get on cause my mom is finishing homework on the computer right now.  darn
ok time to move away from the computer, my back is starting to hurt  i need a laptop!!
my computer sucks! 
my cat is sleeping on my computer 
son will be home any second -then I will be kicked off computer - 
@hellparade I'm so jealous haha I've been dying to play it! But I can't because my computer is crap 
@BUtifulstrngr I was just thinking about you &amp; ur show! I wanted to listen 2, but my computer doesn't work! 
I think my computer is telling me to stop playing assassins creed and go to bed. I dont wanna 
my computer crashed while rendering my vlog and I lost it  will remake it when I get back home
trying to install win7 on my desktop and it keeps freezing while comping files  any ideas?
@Widgetty There are little places she can hide in (under my computer table is a favourite) but she like to be near one of us too 
got sims 3 its great except my computer needs more ram  no more playing for a few day
uses the old PC of his father, because his other computers were hacked 
mum kicked me off the computer 
powertap wheel at the shop  no computer today just riding
@butterbean74 in other words, half the stuff I'm trying to download isn't making it to my computer, so the internet is really slow 
I really can't keep up with all the tweeting b/c I am not on my computer as much! 
I wish my brother would try to fix my computer already 
i really want the sims 3  my computer doesn't accept disks though. raaa 
My computer just died on me! WTF?!? I haven't even updated my ipod yet 
Staring hard into my laptop with nothing to do and waiting for the anti-virus software to complete the scan. So bored... 
My computer has gone strange  x
I think there is something wrong with my computer 
Hey fellow tweeps, been busy and my computers been broken. 
@KayleenDuhh I'm not on my moms computer right now  But I would love to helppp
So I officially need a new computer. All 3 of ours have pretty much crapped out.... 
Restarting my laptop after over 40 days. I was gonna keep it on longer but 3 programs were nagging me to restart the computer so I had to 
@danixdead she told me everythinggggggggg. Hhaha nice. And my computer is at prestons house so I can't listen. 
I wish i could check my story that i uploaded for reviews, but i don't have a nearby computer 
what I get for staring at a computer screen for 13 years - diminishing vision 
Brothers using the computer.  I'm waiting 
poor kelly her computer crashed!! 
http://twitpic.com/6uxcp - found this on my brothers computer...bummed me out. 
I think I need a new power source for my computer 
Going to have to work from my cellphone today. water coming in the window at work onto computer. loving the building renovations 
@jenrothery My brother took away his decent computer earlier, so I have to play it on a rubbish one, with rubbish resolution and stuff 
had to bust out the wrist brace today... thinking I need to take a small break from the computer.. just as soon as this painting is done 
On tech support for my shitty-ass computer. I just want my money back. 
My computer is still in the shop 
@Palmatics I don't gatd access to a computer. i'll reply tomorrow 
My computer keeps overheating while I am tryin to catch up on my fave shows 
My stupid computer isn't fast enough for me to watch the pre-telecast tonys 
I wanna blog right now so badly but my computer is currently in some weird state  shamblessss
My does my computer has to have a virus&gt; 
oh my gosh shoot me, my computer is SO slow. it's taking 20 minutes per picture to upload. someone buy me a faster computer please 
goodness.. my computer is infested with viruses  i want to hurt them
thinks the computers in the library works much better than the PC at home.  http://plurk.com/p/z6cpd
my computer decides it needs a new graphics card. stupid piece of fucking shit 
when I feel like writing is when I do not have a pen in my hand.  When I don't feel like writing, I have a pen, computer and an excuse. 
planned a shared brainstorming lesson w Bubbl.us but the file was read only on other computers even tho I had made fully edit 4 all. 
@ashleyjerkface you just don't get it  try logging into twitter on a computer for once and maybe you'd understand
Watching twilight on my computer cause I don't feel like unpacking and im the only one here 
Computer just crashed 
computer chair broke finally  and is now on the floor typing.. woo for wireless mice and keyboards 
the sims 3 killed my computer because i had it on to long while i was walking the dog  i hope its better once it cools off
@flirtle i had this dream that i got kidnapped and the only way i could use the kidnapper's computer was to make out with her. so i did. 
I badly want &amp; need a new computer chair 
Playing around with windows again!! Err.. Computer is too slow  buat orang esmosi sajaahhh ...
Oh yay. Computer appears to be borked. This is wonderful news. 
@amassingham   ... hope you get your computer working again. I hope I didn't break it 
I got the blue screen of death yesterday and my brother reformatted my computer. I lost everything except some pictures. 
@karawr I'm so glad you put those photos up! I lost mine up when my computer died  one day I need japan ones from you and kell!
i wish i had a computer available rn  i need to listen to atl's new song D:
lost without my computer - fingers crossed they can fix it quick 
I want to go on the computer but my brother's are on both of them 
sitting at my computer doing nothing  am bored
I reaaally hate it when these goddamn computer viruses attack your freakin' computer! 
@elizestrydom bethy said you got a new computer.. i need one too! did you get yours off the mac site? p.s. condolences on the old one 
Going to first day of internship! But still no computer  not cool
So my teacher is not happy unless we are on excel  In the computer lab banging out another one 
was just asked to run a virus scan on my computer and it's slowing it down big time. 
@scottsommers no can see till computer is fixed 
Computer clock!? You were so good for so long, but now you are suddenly 2 minutes ahead. 
somethings wrong wit my computer 
I need to get of this computer. I have tons of laundry to put away! 
@unjames I miss the puppy!  oh you too! ;) going back tonight for computer.
I am computer retarded  I just want to do traffic school thats all! I dl firefox for u computer just like u told me to shmuuuuer work!!
My computer just died on me! WTF?!? I haven't even updated my ipod yet 
grounded for the whole summer......no phone.....no computer....nd no ipod 
damn computer, need sound or a new one 
my computer has a virus and it is going to the dr today 
i haven't tweeted in forever! my computer has been down 
my computer might get fixed today!! i want mcdonalds 
I think I broke my computer speakers.... 
every time i sit here looking at the computer i get sleepy 
Ahh my computer has crashed but cant restart because im writing a disk  ^
hate computer science!!! all the pix r wrong!  f*ck u!
Computer is being sooooooo slow!!!!!!!!!!!! grrrrrrr!!!!! 
hates this computer. T.T and wants illustrator 
@JODell_the3rd Thanks for the #followfriday, sorry it's late not a lot of internet access on the island... plus I forgot my computer 
I have no computer tonight 
can someone tell me if my pic is working my computer is not the best 
Working on computers again.  computers can be such a pain when they are somone elses
@Meggs14 My computer/internet is being weird and it won't show me the site, sorry. 
i am being a good student and trying to study for the millions of finals i have to computer this week. 
got great pictures of the abrupt storm in my area. but, since we shut off the computer, I can't share them with you all. 
if i don't get a new computer or this one starts working again.. well no twitter for me 
@backon_online i don't have a computer right now so i can watch it 
My computer is pissing me off!  I cannot wait to get my new laptop!!! Since this one fails at life.
@NickiGraves I wish I could but my computer isn't in the same room as the big screen 
my computer is acting dumb so i can't get on it.  peace &lt;3 
@greenstatw I'm tryna see if josh computer can ustream wen he gets bak bcuz wen I record I can't use that computer 
has broken the F5 button on her computer keyboard 
I just bought my own domain and now I'm sitting here staring at the computer like an idiot trying to figure out how to make my webpage. 
Letting my mom use my computer.  be back soon (hopefully)  
I don't know if it's worse that my computer has mac and cheese in it or that my bowl no longer does. 
@JackAwful  OHMIGOD. I know. I haven't had any problems but recently my computer is being really sluggish. 
So my computer battery will no longer charge... I'm not sure exactly what I should do 
installing the sims 3, on my moms computer, since apparently my laptop is getting too old 
@beepdave the problem is I don't have a computer just my ph 
computer crashed and lost everything. still got my sketches but all my other computing work is gone  restarting now.
 must try to raise some funds to get better computer present one like me worn out. also need a publisher/literary ag... http://ow.ly/ejFF
sorry dudes went to california could not tewwt did not have computer 
@Jordanknight i wish i could, but my computer has been busted for 10 days!! Can i get a sympathy dm? 
computers fried in the process of fixing it 
I volunteer as an administrator at a computer lab &amp; I've blocked myself out of using half the stuff I like (myspace, facebook etc...) 
am in da computer lab in hpt all bored 
rawr! a broken computer is never fun!  x
my zen broke so I had to get a nano  but no computer access today dammit 
ughh so boredd. my sister stole the computer 
just got my computer back, told the guy I'm seeing we're over today...  
I'm making myself get off the computer and go to bed.  I have to get up in like 5 hours! 
upset because my computer was corrupted.. 
hahahaha this computer hates me 
omg my computers are sooooo gay.  i cant even play a simple game 
I have a headache from staring at a computer screen/taking notes all day 
And the university computers don't say what key it is to show the boot menu 
ugh mucking around with my computer im not winning 
The computer game was better, than this music  http://bit.ly/49iNi
I have a migrane from hell &amp; my computer keeps crashing  
disaster! seminar in 6 hours and my laptop has crashed.  anybody out there to help me?  i have a beautiful PPoint and no computer. 
No more computer 4 me...just offically broke the cord 
computer crashing a lot today  probably dusty heatsink, overheating graphics, ...
I'm tired, yet wanting to stay on the computer 
@Ramaela why google.com is not working on my computer?? my internet is doing fine  let me check again
Yay finally got a new computer but its vista and its pissing me off haha.  No one listens to little beckie 
@AiNE1 I don't have computer internets, only mobile ones 
My head hurrrts! Too much computer. 
I'm not sure if I'm a human or a machine. 
@OwenGerrard only thing I have for a hobby is computers &amp; video games. 
@taylurk ...and no backup on your computer?  sadness! i sent you a text
@RegiSor also I have to rely on the unreliable spare computer downstairs with the shoddy wifi 
@that1girl734 i couldn't it was hard  but it doesnt work on my computer so im only aloud to play when my brother lets me use his laptop 
@spudulike Computer down, relegated to mobile. 
is being a secret agent, with his internet-connected useless computer, and his un-connectable useful computer 
is catching up with all my e-mails...have been neglecting my computer 
@karynwat i did. i'll still think it's better thn other computers. now, if only its hardware can serve me better  parents gonna use it
Waiting in line at best buy to ship my computer off cuz its being bad... 
I need a new computer, now the sound has crashed, and I don't know how to get it back. It's always something new. 
wish my computer from college worked so i could print out all my old pics...  i hate computers...4 years of pics...lost 
im too scared to restart my computer *sigh* 
I also got my QBeez2 game, but I'm not taking my computer with me tonight so I won't get to play it   Would it be wrong to play at work?
i've broke my tesco value computer chair  i hate this chair and my tesco value mouse. gutted
or i could just stay on the computer? (: nah, i should pack! 
my computer is acting weird and now its deleting all my files today is not gonna be a good day 
@lala003 beccas computer has froozen 
My monitor &amp; keyboard cannot read that my computer is on 
Eyes hurt!  not good when looking at a computer screen all day with a fan on too!
Just wacked the computer screen by accident and now my knuckles hurt 
thinks why did I start trying to sort folders out on my computer, taking the mick 
I can't freaking figure my internet/computer out 
Wondering why my computer speakers still arent working...i want my mac now 
is missing her computer at work. A pilot took it over. C'mon man. I got an email to respond to here! 
uhoh, my computers got so hot the original wireless is back. That means I must go. 
computer has hit the wall. need a reformatting. first off i need a new external disc drive 
my computer isnt working soo well so i wont b able to tweet 4 a while soo just text me 
i can not stop listening to of machines.  as good as it is, it doesnt even come close to them live 
@cougarswithguns That's ok, I have trouble focussing on big blocks of text on a computer  Only reading the first to see what it's like.
@mikerob09 aww...i wanted to twitpic something from my computer 
have to finish (start) my memorandum and graphs. my computer screen decided to not come on again so i can't finish this in the morning 
my computer hates me... it's being super slow 
@flirtbuttons @Pookthy i never upgraded when i bought a new computer.  so i have to settle for the free program i downloaded off the web.
ms pacman is so hard on a computer 
missing my mac computer. why, oh why did i sell it? sigh 
@susanlani nope! MrTweet still not working for me  bad computer! bad bad computer)! LOL
i promise the sims games are really bad for your computer, uninstalling mine right now  it turns my laptop off for no reason
@itsshawnc why must your computer be attached to everything?! I can't even print out my hw! 
No computer for another 2 weeks or so, can i get some sympathy?! 
is loving the new computer , but hate having mono !  ugghh
my computer has problems! ugh! 
my computer hates me and won't let me upload a photo 
this computer sucks penis 
@vonhanlon I'm in a computer lab where they have the aircon on thats why...its freezing 
rach is takin the computer from me. 
@sarakiesling i lost all my pictures and music...my whole computer literally got wiped out. this is so shitty 
LOL. I love how I update from my computer and phone at the same time. 
After much screaming &amp; after putting evil computer hating dog outside, found my laptop still works but the hinges will never be the same 
@zachworley my computer had to be reformatted today... so the songs we recorded are gone. 
wants the iphone udpate...but most likely will be at work away from my computer 
messing around on the computer since i cant sleep yet 
No computer tonight  I'm going to die
@JaymEsch it seems like just the speed is slower versus sims 1 &amp; 2, but it might just be my computer 
omg! i miss u all! i just didnt use my computer for 2 good days that made me sad 
@Tuckle Computer and me have come to an understanding for the time being - but it might still angry up again and bail on me 
Currently fighting with my computers volume adjuster thingy... why does technology hate me so much? 
The arm just fell of my computer chair  Now what am I going to lean on  
@surfclubhit every time i do my computer says thers been an error... 
@alejandradd thats good. I didn't even make the attempt to set up my computer and be there etc.  I hope that doesnt make me a bad fan.
got myself a mini-itx, spending today building it. apprently i have forgotten how to build computers and all the wires look the same 
My laptop is losing a battle with internet.. At times like these I wish I was better with computers.. 
i fucking hate my computer. it's all fucked up so now i can't listen to music  or do anything else much.
Sitting on the computer doing nothing really 
.. My broadband is currently going at 28kbps (real speed). It's ridiculous  And with a possible 3 other computer connected. It's hopeless.
@uhmberr movie maker freezes my whole computer now 
up way too early.. out doing errands for my mom.. didnt even get to open my computer.. 
@AlexMiles09-I have no way to get in touch with you except computer! 
Shutting down computer, electricity's going out for a planned maintenance. 
my ipod is so dead it won't update on my computer  now i have to wait for it to chargeeee ugh
i hate that i dont have a computer i can only use my phone n sitting here 4 someone to reply  not cool
need a new ipod and computer 
Working on purging unnecessary pics from my computer and then backing up the good ones, my hard drive is limping! 
LVATT is officially on my computer, but it's so unfair for the people who haven't got it yet 
might have spoken too soon about the router. don't see anything running on that computer til i get a new hard drive 
uggghhh having trouble getting his music from his old shitty computer to his new macbook  can anyone help?
The computer is dying..... oh no! 
i miss my zune music   the family computer is so old it doesn't have a usb port..no lie. then kevin won't let me do anything on the laptop
I am entirely frustrated that my computer used to connect automatically when plugged with broadband and now refuses its existence 
@maya_banks I love the sims  The labour panic and screams is hilarious. I just wished my computer could play it 
@danielandrews wellll gooooooooooood for yoooooooooooouuuu!  I had to plug my iphone into another computer to get it to work! 
sound died on my computer... fuck  this computer is going to die before I get a replacement 
my eyes are closing, I'll sleep here in front of computer 
@nicolejaa ughh nvm my computer is being gay &amp; not letting me send them sorry 
Blogtv isnt working for me since I rebooted my computer  I tryed to go to @rawrrxalliey 's show. But it wouldnt even load... ?!
putting my litter sister to bed i wish i wasntt babysitting and could stay on the computer !!! 
@westwardyank figures my computer would pick now to crap out on me. I can't upgrade my phone until I get another. 
@peterfacinelli ok so i'm seeing some good numbers but my computer won't let me take a screen shot 
My laptop is dead so I can't visit my computer friends as much.  
my computer has a virus  have to use my phone now...soooo tired
@MayBdaBlockBaby yep and i got my computer back. life is good except 4 no full service 
using the computer,no one online in my ym 
So much to install on a new computer and so little time to enjoy it 
I have a box full of sweet awesome new computer parts and I can't touch them... torture 
@tylerconium I guess I'll leave it hooked up to the computer overnight. I'm so sad right now. I lost ALL of my stuff. 
who can help me: I can't figure out how to get my new computer online...airport says its all good, but noooo... 
Computer still broked... 
OWWW!!! i just burnt my finger on my computer 
@LexiJ25 lol its not bak up cuz coreys computer overheated. 
on dad's computer. missing my own internet.  phooy.
@ruhanirabin i dont have a good copy of an image software right now to do mine  #iranelection
@chiefluna It won't stay on long enough to do anything...this computer blows my nuts off. 
why wont pushing daisies load on my computer?? 
Everyone's turning their avatar green! I dont know if I can change mine on my phone and I don't have access to a computer! 
be back soon! i need to reboot this bitch computer! 
sitting on the computer...wondering when christa will recharge her phone...i miss her 
for log in logs.objects.all(): pass killed my computer 
Is actually wanting iTunes to violate his computer but can't get it to open  wtf!
@grenadeBOOM ah, I don't have msn on my computer anymore after it was rebooted  don't worry about it, I'm not too fussed atm...
I hate computers and they hate me - they always die on me &amp; now i have a replacement and cant find anything i need!  
yey! NO homeworks!!! but i feel nervous on our computer quiz.  i don't kno' if i still remember the answers in my question on computer hw!
www.teenchoiceawards.com is crapping up my computer on me  vote for miley!
bummed  my computer crashed...wondering how I will replace everything 
I can't get any videos to play on this stupid computer. They all just continually load without doing anything. 
I seriously need a printer. It is far too cold to go to the lab 
F*cking up some computer. I am in some negative spiral at the moment 
sat at the computer feeling ill 
really bored from sitting at the computer all day. starting to rain outside  
in mac room wishing i had a computer at home to chat and work 
Why does my computer hate me 
im bored again on the computer 
in the computer for speech til like 12'oclock.. 
homeee =] well great start my computer decides to freeze!  adn so im on the laptop and i have to refresh :@
is waiting for his slow computer so that he can go see a customer...bored  #fb
@runmymouth I can't make it I'm afraid, I'm chained to my computer tonight 
I really need to fix this machine. Fmlaptop  
my computer just beeped, went black and restarted on it's own. i hope it's not broken 
@SquareJaw i'm actually having computer problems... not good 
both the computer, the couch and food.  
@Mickeleh haha! love the new 'green' avatar  I wish I could participate, but I don't have photoshop,.. on this computer 
maaan getting all my music from the old computer to my laptop is taking aaaaaaaaages  this sucks
@SimsGalore it might be a peice of crap, but at least it'll play TS3, unlike my computer 
i realy need to type up my coursework but that means going on the big computer and i cba 
needs help with data recovery - does anyone have a data recovery software. I accidentally deleted my files 
@UgoEllefsen i'm sorry i couldn't get back on! msn keeps playing up with my computer 
computer server issues yesterday-could not tweet! went into withdrawal. 
I nearly throw the main computer out the window it was that slow 
@StrayTogether I don't have computer access after work.  So I won't be able to attent the #tworgy ...
resting my eyes have been working on computer since 7am 
@aphrykanmelodi I haven't played lately...I need a new computer in order to play it 
thinks his computer is going to die    viruses suck
And my computer shut down again!. I need to get it fixed! this shouldn't be happening. 
@youwatchme I spilled coffee on her  I'm sending her to be fixed but a new computer is coming soon.
i think my adorable sewing machine hates me 
I think my computer is trying to tell me it wants a vacation. 
Computer is completely f'd up with a terrible virus...wont be on for awile 
i'm super mad right now! my old computer wont work   that means no computer for me. this really sucks!
Computer repairman lost my hard drive    starting off free &amp; clear WoW!
@HaHaHaylee I use firefox to  The only one we use for broadcasting.. I think I did something while restoring my computer
@yoovilla me too   i'm really going to miss this computer lol
@threewinks That's never good.  If it lights up, but the computer doesn't see it, it may not be terminal. You've probably lost some stuff.
#inaperfectworld i wouldn't have to log onto my computer to talk to my jbfbdb girls. they'd be beside me in person when i need them most. 
no luck for activex on mac  why cant computer companies all just play nice togther
just never really paid attention  lol i feel stupid and my computer is running slow!! grr
I miss my sewing machine 
Why is my computer such a bitch about yahoo email?!? 
At my moms trying to save my pics and files on my computer.  im going to cry if it doesnt work!
my computer may have deleted my pictures...cuz when I open the folder...its effing blank!! But it's also thinking so I&quot;m still hopeful :S 
If i were a paper with information on it to make my computer work. where would i be  this is hopeless
My main computer has had a meltdown. I weep. I don't want to lose my emails. They go all the way back to 2004. 
is not ready for exams at all... but cant seem to get off the computer  lol
My hubby won't let me get a 24&quot; full hd monitor for my computer! 
@AdeMagnaye I opened my pc and it told me to back up my files. So I took it to the shop and tech said I have 20% chance to get my files. 
@__luke the first season. disk two. i had them on my computer and then never saw them in order   it is amazing.
I hate that my computer has some kind of virus and I hate that I can't upload a simple picture of myself  ugghhhh!!
its official. my computer hates me 
at the library right now using one of their computers. i wish i had internet at home again! 
Wondering why computer hardware and I don't get along.  No tinkering just plug and play. 
my computer is making weird noises and i don't know which apps they are coming from, lol 
@notanimp wayback machine didn't 
My computer is broke  This is not a good day.
Everything's ok with my computer now! I'm so happy  But i lost all my music programs 
Computer is not personal anymore 
Computer isn't Personal anymore 
Is savouring her last few hours with computer and internet intact! 
my aunts computer doesnt have sound 
Hopefully my computer gets fixed. Wtf. 
laptop in the shop again, no computer til at least monday 
myspace is not working on this computer  sad face
#inaperfectworld computers wouldn't get viruses 
I rly need a computer in my room so I can participate with chats and such...mobile stickam only lets you watch the main screen not chat 
So someone has hacked my main computer, put a password on system startup which i didn't even know was possible on a tripartitioned mac 
here atsome computer shop...i only have 13 mins left before i sign out 
@renee_66 hey i tried to buy ss album but it didnt work  stupid computer is gay
With the internet and computer, my reading has come even below the staple level. 
i cant see my twitter default  stupid fucking computer !
i can't join miley world because my parent do not want enter credit card number on computer.     
@mikefay I know! Wish I could set up a proxy but my computer skills aren't up to it.  #iranelection
xp searchindexer should only work when your not using your computer and not compete when your using it 
even the computer hangs on me 
@novemberesque haha as if i'm not!! omg is it damn nice  maybe in like sims 10 or something we can walk into computer screens..
My computer is sooo not my friend today 
@roadiegaulke ahh! i said soon! my ma stole the computer from me sooooo, no internet 
i'm like a f***ing magnet. whenever i sit my ass down by the computer all kids comes running. 
So nervous about the new computer. It feels like a blind date. I want my baby back ;_; I'm lonely 
@jordanknight M&amp;G sold out here in like 1 min! my computer wasn't fast enf to get tickets 
@passionshaker seriously? I never got it  I'm sorry, my computer/phone is an asswhore I'm not mad though, takes a lot to piss me off
computer crashed for sure  should have kept a seperate hard-drive, duh. waiting at the agency for a casting.. and waiting..
My dad ordered it, therefore it is something boring like auto parts or computer-related nonsense. 
@jonzamarripa that sucks..what kind of computer do you have? i sent my mac in for repair 
trying to by computer, lets hope they dont take my money 
@shelby53094 It is!!!!! I just worry that the computer will crash and loose everything!  That's why I love the flash drives!!!!!
trying to get the computer to work so I can finally print stuff 
@angieschumacher more like I'm having motivation issues to get on the computer 
@annexw how do I install fonts on my shiny new computer? 
gosh computers get annoying sometimes  x
@r_wolfcastle Probably in front of a computer, working. 
computer in the shop 
@jepcke you got it on the nose! Of course they shoot the messenger.  Reformatted drive, upgrade system software, legal software licensing.
i forgot the password to my own computer 
A tiny piece of my computer chipped off!  http://yfrog.com/5kxfnqj
trying to update itunes but my computers too damn slow 
My computer caught a virus.  so i am subjected to tweeting through my phone.  &lt;3 Liiinda
My computer, cell n car are all in skitz mode... technology is backfiring on me today 
My computer won the game 
need to wash dish but cant get off the computer. 
my mom's computer crashed 
My computer sucks at busting ghosts.  
watch-movies.net messed up my computer 
@danalam I'm only able to watch videos when I'm on the school computer or internet cafe cos my laptop is too slow! 
 i cant guys. my computer got taken away    i'm on my moms phone
My computer has been unusable for 10 days 
@duranduran cant get to my computer right now.   what did u send link of?
Isnt happy that her computer remote isnt working. 
That is, if i'm not permanently banned from the computer.  why cant i be an only child? =P anyway goodnight all! &lt;3
just got new computer installed. I miss my old computer though.  annd I hate losing bookmarks/my stuff! but the new comp is very cool
@prettyboimusic no don't go live cause i'm not using my computer so i can't see it..  i'm on the cell..
Whoever made computers should go n jump off a cliff... actually.. whoever made mine.. y me?... 
My power cord = dunzo. No internet/computer for a week or so. 
really need to start reading electronics now.. 
Too many computer tabs and windows open so I had to switch user 
from la habra to costa mesa to laguna to san marcos...all to be sitting on a computer. something isnt right here 
@urusaipoppu sure, if I can get my computer working again... It's broken at the moment  Silly me.
my dad monopolized the computer again!...I hate it! almost everyone is off to bed now!...I want to talk to more peoplee!!...so sad 
My computer blows. I'll deal when it stops riding the short bus! 
My brother &amp; parents computer broke so now they are hassling for my laptop. 
I haven't done my computer homework yet.. half way through I fell asleep 
My computer is broken so i have to use my mums now 
computer virus ruined my week 
what the!? my light is burned out or i think &quot;pundido&quot; uhuhuh my computer and TV is the only source i have now. 
I want to hook 2 of those up with my computer, bit my dad won't let me  http://twitpic.com/7wc97
sitting at my computer being board missing my boyfriend so much 
trying to upload some pics to the computer but it wont let me (or dad) 
Probably going to have to shop for a new desktop computer this weekend.  
 something wrong with my computer drives and i cant access my memory cards so cant process any photos!!! that sucks!!!
modem is down on our computer. no internet  ehh.
I am getting angry with my computer because it won't let me upload a picture of me! 
@timhigdon niiice, i'm jealous. my computer heart attacked so i ended up not getting floor 
@_jibril i'll be there in a bit guys, my stupid computer died on me 
my computer is giving me problems.....  
just had a nice nap and then watched shawshank redemption, speakers on my computer arnt working though 
i wish my computer would read cds 
I hate how I always get good ideas while I'm in the car and not near a computer 
@Elface You having computer problems again?  Eeeeeeel.
 can't make any labels til my computer is fixed..can't fix my computer until I make some money..can't make money unless I sell soap grrrr
laptop at apple icu. without computer for a couple days 
At the library using their computer, mine is black screen with an error message that won't go away. 
omgzzz. finally got computer back but it wont let me download music  . .depressing..
aha. i had my nephew outside... in the rail.... time to shut the computer off. 
For the first time in my life, I am dropping off a computer at a tech shop 
my computer won't let me go on youtube 
when something goes wrong with the studio desk or computer, i freeze up! not good!  x
Wiping out my machine 
The tech was ok she just didn't know the computer system too well and that x-ray stamp thing I missed you 
At the library real quick. It feels so weird typing in a keyboard. I miss my computer 
My computer keeps freezing 
I need a new computer chair 
Has an infected computer and a failing hard drive, where's the money when I need it 
i am sitting at my computer bored out of my mind!!!!! 
i feel like writing but my current story is on the computer my mom is using 
@iamthebench oh word...well if i had a working computer then i totally would but unfortunately both my desktop &amp; laptop are on el fritzo 
i have to turn off the computer because of the storm 
@spahkleprincess the last time I tried to go on the island- my computer crashed... 
My teeth hurttt and my computer is acting upp again 
mame machine monitor not powering on 
nvm on the pic thing. i can't get it to work  stupid computer
Sitting on the computer bored as. raining still nothing to do 
I'm sorry for all the crap I put my computer through. 
Finally my computer works but everything had to be cleaned out of the system and it has to be re-cleaned again because it's not working 
@luckygnahhh i have about that much left on my computer too  i have an external drive i use to put big files on tho.
i cannot haz computer after beers was spilled on it. 
I wish i had a computer here at my grandparents.  well, and internet.
My poor computer is very sick. 
online! im so busy with exams that i have like no time to be on the computer 
i wish i had a computer  fill me in.
My computer savings is goin down 
getting off the computer to now write up all of the stuff for history  my hand is going to hurt.
my computer died, I'll only be able to get on when somebody loans me one!  go check out the myspace in the meantime.
@juanton711 yes stupid computer is down. I need to wait for a disc from my roomate to try to reboot 
@AndrewThorpe blue screens in computers are fatal, that's what's happened to my laptop. I'm taking it to the doctors this week 
ddaaaaaamn i gotta turn off the computer now 
@buffyjhamilton nope..moviemaker does not recognise mpeg4 files - and that's the common program on all the school computers 
@magickhooly Why are you on your computer then! I don't get told anything 
@QuitSmoking123 when i dont want to smoke i just stick to my sewing machine and work and work ... but later i smoke 
happy to be twittering again!  my gov computer bans me from twittering  
@radosstt awww bb,m my computer broke, and my sister's computer can't handle photoshop 
@talkingtostars   NOOO my computer got a virus    oh well it's good now, I'm glad you like my photos :]
@theresanoelle my computer froze and it was private so I was pit after ten minutes 
@theresanoelle my computer froze and it was private so I was out after ten minutes 
@JaneHungOz &amp; when I'm in my house, I'm so tired that I don't even look at the computer xD too bad I don't have internet there 
@natters1210 your avatar is a big x on my computer 
having a hard time migrating an openfire server to a new machine. moving embeddeb-db is trickier than a simple mysqldump 
@shanedawson omg u barely tweeted ahh lol i barely did either ya see my laptop crashed have to use the library computers with no sound 
oh god my laptop is broken !! i need someone to fix it !! i hate this stupid computer i now have to use, it`s sooo slow 
Youtubing randomly, on the boards, and my computer is acting slow. 
I'm bored... This computer is pissing me off.. I'm hungry.. And my mouth still hurts like 9 hells... 
@chippy80 gonna be sat in front of a computer in college 
has a blue screen of death on his work computer 
shit! my laptop just broke &amp; now i have to use my slow computer 
I won't be able to be on that long.  my moms anal with the computer now 
@allthatglitrs21 i got some rly good ones but my computer itsnt working so i cant upload them 
i forget about twitter..hi followers..im just here bored in my computer i miss @FrancisSurvive and @iMELLYxD 
Holy shit there are color changing bubbles on my computer  whysss....and computer time 9:12pm wth :/
sorry @dolcefrancy but computer doesn't work ... sorry... 
blames it on his graphics card/computer. He also wants a new one. 
Only 9 more mins on library computer 
computer back to making aweful sounds.  I think it's dying.  
i got her answering machine! 
@DiscussAntiques I don't even know when that is! :/ I'm having computer issues, so on Twitberry. Computer has (bad) mind of its own! 
i lost my german lesson!!! i cant find it on my computer 
attempting to organize all the files on my computer.  I guess no going out for me today.
Wow, 3days and no computer  Haha, I get anxious.
using daddys laptop has my computers broke  this weathers amazing ;)
@exegesis48 it doesnt even see my computer on the tivo! 
@missbbrown im so trying to follow you and my computer is saying following missbbrown then I go to see who im following and its saying no 
So the new software update for my iphone is available...but when I tried to download it on my computer...it wouldn't let me 
@DanniDavies I sooo wanna buy sims 3 but I need a computer to hold it's memory and money to buy it 
Man, I use the computer too much. It's sooo unhealthy. 
@pulptone I'll check it out at home since my prehistoric snail computer chokes on video 
I wish my home computer was as nice as my work machine. 
It's too hot to have a computer on your lap... 
bored cause my computer got stolen 
@JordanKlicious I'm at the store for my computer... 
won't have a computer for a few days 
@terrygreen3309  computer is still not fully restored - carbonite keeps stalling  !!!!
Aiii   im so bored.. the main computer broke down tooo T.T
my fiancee's in the hospital right now, doing fine. but their computer won't allow me to go to facebook. 
No blackberry and limited computer access makes me sad. 
The computer I use to write is down and I was hoping to get more script writing done. 
I don't understand why the technicians had to reformat my harddisk.  They could have just removed the offending software program. 
Yay! suddenly or computer decided to work. And turns out our router is broken, so no wifi. 
had computer problem that where bios was mispelled and decided computer needed to be replaced.. after buying one it was the vid card 
@ashleighmaegan I don't have a camera on my stone age computer.... 
hates when she has so many ideas for stories but she can't write because she doesn't have any writing utensils or a computer to type 
@tangowhisky drop ingested here.    oh &amp; i left the computer &amp; apparently only get sporadic text updates from you, wtf.
spilled milk all over her computer,ds, cell phone, and band new xbox controller which doesnt really work now 
im already in big bear- at work computer. have to wait here to see if anyone gets my phone 
mom's mad already... have to turn the computer off... 
@aamyfish the computer gods hate us both 
#sims3 Want to play it so bad, to bad my computer sucks. 
Having intermittent DNS lookup problems. Only affecting my computer in the office 
stuck on chinese too.  not in the modd at all. can die without computer.
I'm in front of computer  again.
@alexthefob1991 cant install software on uni computers unfortunately  and thats where i do my downloading
dragged and selected and automatically renamed so that packets can be sent from computer to computer. sigh. i need help bad! 
downloaded photoscape, though it doesnt work on macs  going to have to turn on my crappy computer!
remote assistance updating a clients computer, taking forever and bored out of my mind while sp3 tries to install on their busted comp. 
@barbs09 hehe. I'm installing games to brother's computer. such a boring job. 
@CherryRunway There's a computer in the living room.  The cops won't let me get my phone/cameras/laptop 
work at 845 !!!! ugh! text me not takin my computer 
Trying to bounce down a mix but the computer keeps crashing... Aaaarrrgggghhh!!!!! 
Lovely sunny afternoon - I can see it really well from my computer! 
hmmm, diagnosis on left computer speaker suggests blown tweeter 
My computer won't connect to internet have to sit @ sherry's desk til they get it fixed 
@MusicIsHealthy no  my computer doesnt show the website correct..T.T how is it?
my computer hasn't been working.  ( &lt;---haha belly rolls.
@naughtydred Thanks! I'll look at this soon when I'm not at a blocked computer 
@redspectral Naturally, the two seconds i'm away from the computer is when the edc times in up. 
@ScottBourne thanks for the podcast! Always enjoying it, and downloading the newest one directly to my phone (computer is broken 
@kitscheartache omg i'm so sorry i was staring open-mouthed at prison break i forgot about my computer 
I'm all alone in this big house with no TV or computer... 
damn computer acting up.....and i have so much to do before i go to the shop 
this windows update has crippled my machine and i m just sitting and staring my machine now 
@DanniBearrr  i had no choice, my dad wiped the computer and now i have a laptop so i had to download this one. viva la sharing folders!
Augh!my computer is broken! -crys- 
@SookieBonTemps I'll definitely be with you in spirit, don't know if I'll have computer access though 
The computer lab is ridiculously quiet. It inhibits my ability to think. 
Updating my grandmother's computer. Always fun stuff. 
helping my dad again with the computer... 
I'm on the computer veing cold because i'm so bored plus i'm texting people 
@gblock #mef C'mon, release it please! I spent all day without my dev computer. It's like a crack addict who can't find his dealer! 
well, actually he's now sitting at his computer updating his twat naked 
Computer cable bought.  Lets hope it works when i get home. Lol
Through our combined might, hubby and myself have defeated the mighty problem: what is wrong with his computer? answer: the keyboard 
3 items $850 we're done at costco   but... I have a new computer!
@fliaznguy ill try. if i die, at least you get a computer &amp; a certain bird we both know...so, youll luck out. 
uptown w/ joshyy. yay for working computer! 
@footballlvnlady i get hose all the time..but they r about me! not twitter or computer...always haveing &quot;technical problems!&quot; 
@jigitz if i can manage to kick my brother off his computer the ill skype 
@justinvb is a machine! Haha I had fun. 
@missingbits yeah but i never took kerri for a computer nerd like us 
*happy* new xserver likes new nv driver, monitor likes new resolution, every component of my computer (and gentoo) is happy 
@ourkid68 thanks for that. I'll get them added as soon as the wife let's me near my computer 
@remainamystery ooops... I thought of the computer specialists 
Relaxing in front of the computer. even thouhg it's sunny outside.  I blame it on the wind . 
nearly had a hyper ventilation inducing panic attack when i thought my computer was dead and everthing lost, glad i called mom to save it 
@minastackx i cant get on msn rite now haha im on at the library usin a computer LOL you can tell me later if you want 
printer failure = excuse to go home and make spider diagrams instead of exam 
is in the computer rooooom, with natalie and jack, waiting for pictures to rotate 
Haha,having test in Computer since.  Who wanna help me? :/
Setting up my company's software on my computer for testing purposes, adding Hogwarts subjects as classes 
@natalichka well not imaginary I suppose, you're all real, you're little pixies that live in my computer and phone 
@virtualsteve I think you have too many virtual machines running 
@Alexmilway I'll take my computer to work and the artwork, so send a message if you pass through &amp; you can have cats 
At the moment I'm sitting behind the computer! 
@toyhorses the feeling is mutual. you sound even better now that you are not coming out of computer speakers. 
Computer updated and raring to go, I love a little housekeeping 
I'm off to work and then the computer lab  loving life!
at school in the computer room. finally i can twitter today  i feel so empty without twitter  no i'm not addicted... D
computer taken out of room for ' misbehaving ' and  ' constantly getting detentions. wtf i'll steal it back tonight ! 
i'm gonna step away from the computer now!! 
GUYS !! i'm here at the computer shop !!  playing online games !  later i will reply to your messages !! 
hey, heading to bed before billy tells me to get off the computer, leave stuff  questions, whatever
omgosh!!! everything on my computer freezes! that's why I tweet via my phone 
WHATCING tv and on the Computer 
@StayAtHomeMaven good job   Isn't it nice to be somewhat competent on the computer/internet
I am off to get some &quot;chores&quot; done so I can come back and hunch over my computer later 
is sitting at the computer planning my day 
@nmyers89 hit it with a sledgehammer.  im kinda computer illiterate
so happy because my uncle helped my clear files off the computer 
The sun felt so great today  I'm just in the computer lab on campus right now, working on some stuff for my finals
i wish my computer was in the living room, then i could watch tv too 
@astrowebgirl  You may have to upload from your computer to twitpic.  I hope this gets solved b/c I'd love to see more pics from you.  
I'm scared my computer hanged so you now it might have virus and just got home from subic philippines 
i have a pretty amazing dad, he fixed my computer. woot wooottt 
@unikeone I met my husband on a computer so it definitely worked for me! 
@Miiccchh me too..! i read new moon on the computer 
@NKOTBLVR I will give it a try. 30 more minutes on the computer, then I will clean for 30 
@_EdwardCullen_ I even saved a picture of it to my computer! Haha. 
is checking computer stuff before I go sit back down &amp; read 
bllaaahhh! heh. I stole his computer! 
here is my computer always bored no one s online  hehehehehe
My computer works! 
free to download smileys and avatars, free to read and view computer, security, and photoshop tutorials, why?.why not  www.thetazzone.com
needs a break from the computer... adios  &lt;3
@gulpanag congratulations i am heart hacker not a computer hacker@ 
computers are a great distraction-but sometimes you should be exercising to getting your chores done instead.  
@dNeero LOL minimize the use of computers?  or... discover ecofriendly devices 
On the computer alllllllllllllllll day 
Just jailbroke david's iphone in computer programming. 
That kids is what you get when you leave your computer unattended, when you have non-trustworthy company... 
@NotSafeForWork you can vote once per day per computer 
being a computer geek is entertaining.... i think.  
@tarynromanowich I understand  Computers are fun again!
My computer is back in business 
@MrHyrne no juice here, I didntb even let him use my computer. 
Watching some movie and playin on my computer. 
new photo   im hungry...getting off the computer now!
coming off my computer now! remember to follow me and i'll get back to you 
Computer stopped working earlier.  Managed to fix it all by myself!  I'm getting better at this computer stuff every day! 
@m_callahan are you gonna fall asleep on your computer desk? lmao. &amp;&amp; what is he singing? 
@mariqueen Every group needs the one person who is tied to their computer 
trying to turn off the computer and go to bed  but the virus scan won't let me
Right, am off to dig baby out of dust mountain under coffee table, and untangle her from computer cables.  
i got my computer back last night so now i can talk!!   
@chregu sweet, i'll be there next thuesday to install it on the new machine 
@roguepuppet I was thinking by new deck, you meant a computer. 
I feel like a networking genius! After a frustrating power loss, everything is finally back up and running. I just restarted the server. 
Computer Died, I cried. Now I am rebuilding it. It is nice to be the tech guy just one more time....... 
wow my computer has such good speakers! yay  i love music!
@leebutts it's still a geek tweet, just a car geek one instead of a computer geek one 
@luqui functions applied to raw data for machine learning purposes 
@limburger2001 Just general at my computer geekiness. 
I own my brother's computer tonight. 
be kind to me or treat me mean. ill make the most of it, i'm an extraordinary machine 
helping my grandmother with her computer 
right am turning computer off to pack - tweet later! 
Using the computer while playing with my cousin kaih.  He just luvz cars so much and talking 2. lol 
I have the #cultofthebear image to put on my computer at work.  
@twinkletoes9652 haha i no!!! he some-what knows that i exist!!! yayy!!! the mesage is my bg on my computer 
@cuddlyfamily you need a dv cam, a computer and software to digitize. 
sitting here RDP'ed into my folks old and new PCs, running the windows easy transfer wizard from 130km away 
@gulpanag solitaire is a classic in the computer game genre  sudoku is addictive!!
@serenawu yay, congrats on the computer 
@davidgorham ahh - not same thing  i don't use my computer for music... am musical luddite 
I can't sleep... so I'm cleaning out some unwanted clutter from my computer &amp; phone. 
If your computer freezes from too many plugins loading up in your music session...might need some more ram 
everyone! im in the science computer room! hahhahaaa 
corrupted memory card containing 1.5 yrs of photos = soul destroying fail. lexar recovery software = uplifting win! 
byaah darlings ) my brother will be stealing the computer  catch you later 
yay I have a rune-font on my computer now  cool, I like it!
in computer apps with ally! 
in computer clas with my cacass 
@MikeOrmond doesn't actually power off?  this happens on my desktop machine... very annoying... just thought I'd ask... 
@quackyturtle haha i think i'm done with computer programming for quite a while. 
:O my dad did a virus scan on my computer, !!!258 VIRUSES!!! :O no wonder it wasn't working properly, now it's great, thanks dad  xoxo
im sitting at home on the computer, boreeed, with grace king 
getting off this computer and going to sew buttons on jumper and watch telly.  
been out of commission this morning - computer was uber slow at the anchor desk! but i'm back... in full effect  how's everyone doing??
just finished playing computer games 
glade have the day off!!!! now jst to do some laundrey and then update computer lol 
@TheMakeupGirl ok...I'll find the twitvite when I get in front of a computer and I'll RSVP 
@puppetvision I'm moving my computer desk nearer to my puppet desk (unrelated), so it would be drastically more convenient to stream. 
web cam with the bf for the first time on his new computer 
@ChrisJakob not yet! When I'm actually at my computer and not my crackberry I will! 
is in computer shop for an hourrr. 
@Galiiit well then i was installing shit on my computer and got distracted for like 3 hours 
Off the computer. Texxxt me cute kids 
was wondering why my computer acted very strange, took 10min to find out that the speed-fire button of the mice was active 
is sitting at the computer topless! LOL 
Finally... my computer is back... now it's just a matter of re-installing all my software and I'll be good to go. 
@jnicc i know.. i actually missed tweeting...  it's good to get ur thoughts out of your head and on to paper, or computer, whatever 
@MatthewNeer  you probably shouldn't be on the computer in a lightening storm 
my turn to use the computer 
@HorneyMedia A sign of recession in the workplace - All the computers have been replaced with pens a paper!!  
