Most common words for this cluster:
[('cool', 357), ('fever', 260), ('heat', 184), ('isnt', 80), ('hot', 60), ('lol', 18), ('temperature', 14), ('degrees', 13), ('hay', 12), ('amp', 11), ('wow', 10), ('warm', 9)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'cool', 0.8278908133506775), (u'heat', 0.691811203956604), (u'fever', 0.6500681638717651), (u'sweat_evaporates', 0.6029309630393982), (u'hot', 0.5958836674690247), (u'Hazy_sunshine', 0.59015291929245), (u'loving_amoeba', 0.5828989148139954), (u'warm', 0.5812779664993286), (u'TONIGHT_Clear', 0.5802139639854431), (u'cools', 0.5781266093254089)]





I can't take this heat! It's like an oven in here. I feel sick nwo 
not looking forward to possibly working a double with a fever.  but at least it's mucho dinero, right?
@joeymcintyre cool but i wish i could be there haue 2settle 4 vid 
I think I have a fever! 
Resting, trying to find some relief from the heat 
Hot hot hot again 
i have the fever of the hay 
hates the heat. ang iniiiiiiiiiiiiit!   http://plurk.com/p/oynus
its soo hot 
@leahjones wipers=cool cruise =/= cool 
Heading to bed as I fight off this heat induced headache. The heat tomorrow is suppose to be worse. 
I'm getting heatstroke with a temperature of 30+ degrees celsius! 
is back at school, in the hot hot dorms, bleh 
If getting fever again... 
@ladysov it's it warm.It's sunny but cool here 
is hot. hot. hot.  it's not even summer yet.
@lferrari2 I still don't get what to do. I guess I'm not a cool Twitterman 
@RealLamarOdom big middlefinger to this heat 
sticky heat is not conducive to sleep 
I believe I'm actually starting to melt in this heat! 
i think i have a fever 
this heat is unbearable 
@campfireburning cool. have fun without me  ;p
I think I have a fever. 
i think i caught a fever 
Is still in bed.... glandular fever? 
In bed with a fever 
@vicener how cool! they dnt make em here 
i need to find my thermometer... 
is really tired, sore, hot, and thirsty. 
@DJAnonymousDC i want a cool lighter  lol
back to the heat 
this is pretty darn cool, too bad i don't need it  http://tinyurl.com/5q935d
@patriciiaaa cool.. he's answering you xD I hate it.. I don't want to love him... why is he so sweat? :@ ... 
My migraine gave me a fever again and it feels three hundred degrees 
The fever is climbing again.  Why won't this just go away?!?!
evaporating away due to extreme heat  only 42.1 degree C here 
I have a fever 
has a fever i can't seem to sweat out 
I want to go home alreadddy.  I miss the heat of the Philippines 
@zoidberg_cool &amp; I MISSED IT?!  booooooooo.
chillen in the vally of the cool.... without hannah 
@samjmoody oh, it's lovely and warm here  *sends some heat*
@nfan12 i have a #mac too. i'm using #tweetdeck . I thought #tweetie looked cool, but it's not supported on 10.4.11! 
@justinsamsel you're out of cool points 
The heat gives me headache 
@AderEN cool!  I used to have a wii but i sold it 
so cool outside, too soon for planting 
can it not be hella hot right now? im hungry 
@iheartlambert i'm afraid of global warming i don't bear the heat! 
My headdd  this heat is a beezy.
I hate hay fever !!!! 
need to cool off... its crazy hot... 
Wishing her lofted bed would catch up to the decline in temperature outside. I'm marinating in my own sweat 
Ufffff this heat 
@queenofsheba1 Really?! That sounds sooo fucking cool. I want one even more now so I can take it shopping with me 
down with fever 
@DidierStevens ok that's cool. so much for wolframs mathematical focus 
@contentcottage very cold here too - even poppy slept in later then usual! just gave in and cranked up the heat. I had to 
i never had a cool nickname @ skool, i feel sad 
Hoping it warms up some. I really do not want to cut on the heat again 
fever fever go away . come again another day 
I smell like deep heat. 
grrrrr. no hot water  this will suck
i have a fever 
@ashsimpsonwentz @petewentz ash, you just hurted my feelings... pete is pretty amazing and cool  lol
the heaters on but I can't feel the heat. 
Another long walk in the heat... I hate this... 
I think I'm running a fever and not feeling so well! 
i have a fever 
@brieasaurus i guess your cooler than me, tony hawk never replied to me 
the heat makes it hard to revise 
The heat is here!!! 
feeling hot hot hot! honestly us scots are so not used to sun the minute we get some, we fry!!  x
still have a high fever 
@thebigmac cool. my boobs itch. got sunburned at the volcano 
i think i have a fever 
@mileycyrus cool and aww 
@lilmisssnarky it was cooked right, then it sat under the heat lamp awhile. 
Getting ready to go to dufan!!!! Not that excited though thinking of the queue and the heat 
@eddieanne  jus cool nuh trinny! lol
How do I get rid of a fever???? 
At a wedding... No hot guys... 
@breakdownking that's cool. I'm gettin mad I want 300 followerz and I'm like 8 away 
@drivenbyboredom babe I thought I would be better but I've been running a fever, I've got chills like whoa. I promise to make it upto you 
guess we won't be going out tonight... little one has a fever 
Ugh again he has a 103 fever 
too hot  i hate the heat!
@jonathaneric in this heat? 
The heat is unbearable !!!! 
Hot hot... And i cant go to pinkpop! Ffs 
I got a cool pair of kookies too. I wanted that cool belt but it was too big 
heat pack on dencorub burns even more  
i'm not good in this heat 
I can't take this heat  I just want to disappear.
I wish i had a cool accent! 
does not like the heat. I think I have been bitten and I can't stop sneezing 
@danielgoh wholeheart (heat?)edly agree. going out is like walking into a wall of humidity. 
Oh its hot out! I don't want tan linessss 
Has a fever of 102 
@BellaBow will do bbz though it might melt in the heat 
@crackedknuckles its cool, i take it ur missing her? 
is dying of heat 
@leannetyers I would if I could  They're my mum's and they've just come on heat it's bloody annoying
fever-ish 
serious hay fever/pollinosis 
@unahealyfan I'm hating it too, being preg &amp; heat = bad times , don't like heat anyway, It's so so hot here 
heat rash  i hope this won't happen in the philippines.
@sleeakgirl i don know but i hav a fever 
hey kid with the acne, slow your roll. oh and i think i have a fever, great 
down with fever..and back pain 
I think I have a fever 
Heading to vibe driving with my heat on. lol. i'm cold! 
Is feeling like she has a fever and has the chills   
has a fever 
boilin in the heat in goa 
is ill with a fever 
@DawnYang1 and over here we're dying of heat  don't torment us haha!
Still have a fever 
@joannageary all the cool kids are outside playing extreme frisby. 
I've got terrible hay fever 
It's too hot, sunny is good but the heat is bad 
sat in the boiling hot, revising like a dickhead. 
i'm sick fever of 100.2 
has no energy and is so warm it isnt fair  I know people love the heat but it makes me feel ill
watching mongol, with a heating pad, missing the heat drew throws off 
Off to work I go, no cooler than before 
down with fever 
The heat, the heat, the heat... 
Finally raining here after the blistering moisture devouring heat!!! Would love to be home, curled playing bb!!! 
is dying in the heat 
its f'n hot out here. shit! 2bad I can't do bbqs 2day 
@Stagecoachuk cool. ribber might have to play acoustic bass...... 
does anyone know a cure for heat rash 
My temperature is going back up  I just want to get better!!
@Jimmyw23 because it's so ruddy hot! 
Guys, I have a fever 
still not feeling well with that fever i have 
I have a fever a cough and I just feel blehhh 
@masqueradelife that sucks  we're having like a heat wave!! Lol
@dgnt08 that's cool, but now I'm pissed I didn't get the invite. 
@lauredhel  I know the heat there gets ridiculously intense, and then there's risk of fires etc.
I think I have a fever  
waiting for the heat to knock me for six again 
off to work in this heat 
It's soo hard to sleep in this heat 
I stupidly just went for a brisk walk in 100F heat..  cue sweatpit. 
fever  still need some rest 
It's official, I'm sick. I think I have a fever. 
@JustaGirl1984 I don't know what that means in Celsius, but it sounds chilly!! 
Has a fever and chills. 
@AceConcierge cool beans - glad to be back - missed my twitterworld 
@dramaprincess87 cool! But most of the sizes are sold out 
In heat rash hell 
and along comes the heat rash  x
I love the heat,I really do.I just wish I could enjoy it instead of feeling too hot when i need to revise.  at least it's not gloomy.
can't believe i have to go sit back up at the hospital in this heat 
@I_Support_DemiL  cool,here i'm on the winter 
its a very warm day  me no likie the heat
@bella1608 cool.we'll be in fall then. 
Ugh i hate the heat of arizona. 
has some serious heat rash! boohoo! 
@TamBravo cool  i want to go to a hauted houseeeee  but i know i wont enter lol
if i go quick i have died of heat 
far too warm! i'm never gonna get to sleep in this heat 
@veriette this heat is killing me. I'll no be able to sleep if i don't let ma room cool down  never realised the heat was so much! :O
@Pryncez I went to few get2gethers which were cool. Watched bball.  no hot tub for me though...
high fever &amp; chills.... so uncomfortable 
@spymasterphil ok cool. now, am I just unlucky or did I fuck up and get banned? cause I can't get back in 
@cuppateaandcake I'm jealous still ill so no shopping for me.  might be glandular fever 
I'm off to try and sleep through this heat 
@TreMag cool let me know the prices if it's not sold out 
@yoyarelis it can't be that cool if I'm not there 
Wow... crazy fever, chills, aches... 
Is wishing my hormones and temper was under control. than i would have kept my cool and not be in this crappy feeling that i lost u 
my babyboy has a fever.. 
I feel the fever....may be it coming towards me 
still in the bed  due to high fever ..
goodmorning, my hay fever is acting up again.. bluhhh 
@subcarlin so cool. I'm sad that I didn't get to see it 
diagnosed with glandular fever! 
sweating in this heat stuck indoors 
I feel shitttteee  my eye has swollen up loads, I hate the heat!!!!!!!!!!!!
The temperature is 22c or 72f depending on your units. That....is just too hot for me. 
i must be only one in britian who hasn't gone nuts for the sun - i don't like the heat  makes me feel gross and a bit ill
@mattelphick haha, i'll let her know that's where she should start. how hot is it there? can we have some of the heat? cold here. 
has a fever 
@rickybee - ooh cool hammy for summer, awww, no more hamsters. 
wahhh. got a heat rash 
i hate having 101 degree fevers 
right gettin ready 4 studio bt i cant stand the heat n sweat lol n .......... HAYFEVER 
This heat is beginning to piss me off. 
@pirrofina  from the heat?
Eugh, zero motivation, must be the heat 
Too bloody hot 
Jules had a good lab pc02 of 39 but he also has a fever 
has a fever  layin in bed
She has a fever 
@bee_cool wow!ur popular.and cool  teach me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It is not hot,hot,hot  It is cold,cold,coooold and I have no cardi or coat. Damnation!
@MarieKccBerry forgotten about once again.....its cool though 
drove in to work with a flat tyre... how cool is that... and now i have to replace the tire! 
can't bear the heat! 
i feel awful! fever and disgruntled stomach..i thought i was better  how do you get rid of a fever? i have to work tomorrow!
Really bad fever 
@prenvo cool. What I really want though is more memory, I pray this gets up'd 
ugh stupid fever. I really feel like vomiting. 
@KandiLollipop lol damn...u crushed the hopes i had for us  its cool-- i move on rather quickly :-P
@Gabelicious Ah, cool! I wish that would ever happen to me 
@lynnali2 not hot here cloudy and cool 
had to turn on the heat 
@vindee awesome and same scorhing heat here too, and to add to it, the load shedding is here too 
I miss the heat!  
100 fever now, which I guess is better, but I'm surprised it's still SO high 
I know I was bitching about the heat, but now it's cold. 
@wordlesschorus makes up foe the lack of cool eyemasks and earplugs 
@mattmercy aww  at least it looks cool right?
has a slight fever! 
@itssbexxbabee: cool cool I didn't shave my head for the last 3 days 
I have a fever and I'm already in bed 
can't sleep from the heat 
@jaimedurante cool 
I have a fever.  
must be the heat that is getting to me.  
Going for swimming to beat the heat of chennai .. its too hot here.. 
@itsdanniii  did it! arrhh not cools!
@oOjasmyneOo ok cool well have fun and I guess  don't miss me 
No hot water again 
My fever is giving me the chills. So I am just going to shiver under my covers and watch little mermaid.  
@OrchidThieves oh that's cool! I'd love to be there, but I'm well poorly 
i have a fever 
sometimes i feel indy cool, and other times i feel so not indy cool 
down with fever 
Meeting cool people: my social skills inversely proportional to their cool 
@pricelessrock  my fever is gone!!! Now I'm just trying to get my energy back...I sweated and coughed so much I'm drained 
@KaraLovesMusic that's soo cool! I still have to wait until august 
ellie has a fever 
omg its like the desert outside  that heat makes me sleepy
intermittent fever.. I thought I was getting better. 
Wow... it really is hot... I was going to wax my 12-string but the heat liquefied the wax. Now it's going to set me back 20 minutes. 
And with a fever. 
kiddos with fever 
@lwcavallucci You are absolutely right &amp; as soon as this fever breaks, I will be up &amp; about - tired of laying here 
Now I'm suffering from fever and cold 
the a/c is broken, its soo hot 
@itsjamieeexo tell me about it, i think i'm starting to get a fever too 
kept complaining about the heat, but now it's too cold. shoot 
I think I'm having fever 
@LimeIce aww  ...had to cancel plans at the last moment..severely unwell..cough, cold, fever in this heat!   You guys enjoy yourself!
So god damn hot right now . 35 Celsius in the shadow . I think it goes up to 38 in the sun 
Having high fever... 
@MizzLayal it succckkksss  its warming up now though
Melting in the heat 
@_hayles Oohhh cool, Not much babe, just sitting here chilling, trying to warm myself up, its cooolllddd  you? x
@fragileheartxx I have a fever too  I don't feel well -_-
@rentan the fever and chills are gone....but this nasty cough is annoying me to no end!! 
I have a fever, w/ the chills, and I keep throwing up. 
Ugh, I'm also running a fever 
This hot pocket is less than impressive. 
@jesscarosello def cool! but also def lonely  how long is he gone for?
been out, sweaty- yuck,  need a shower... hot 80 degrees, hate the heat... 
finally the sun has come out... havin' a slight fever though 
It's too bloody hot in my flat 
is tired and has a fever(?). It's not so good 
@nosulragal I think its cool, but it scares me 
is feeling the heat. The aircon's not working well.  http://plurk.com/p/110g9f
breaking my fever, so gross 
its getting hotter and hotter outside.aishhh 
@iPat143 cold. wet. boring. ugh.. i think i'm gonna have a fever. 
global warming was nice, but global cooling is back on. 
This fever is killing me.. 
shitt this fever is kickin me arse off..my temperature keeps on rising n falling at its will 
Ugh, have s high fever. 
I want my hay fever to go away! 
@raghuvanshr the heat has started killing me.  as it is i seem to have a blackout 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isn't REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a high fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isn't REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a high fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isn't REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a high fever 
I'm bored  where are all the cool lads
@shefaly  drat. ever since they said that mumbai was warmer by 1.5 degrees, i have felt oppressed by the heat &amp; humidity !
@lucyucy cool, but i havnt seen melissa's though 
this heat is goin to make me pass out!!! 
My fever keeps going up 
I'm dying of heat. Why is it sooo hot? 
@BossLadiToya high fever...i think.. 
Is really scared from this high fever 
or maybe i can. that's cool too, i guess 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
@garthness why are you so fucking cool babe? 
going to bed...very sick; aceing and running a fever 
@ashleyjbisdope glad to hear that! u still aint never tell me what happened. but its cool.::sniff:: i understand... 
@GUSXXX Thats cool and all, but im literally freaked out right now.  i will not sleep tonight.
I certainly have a fever 
enjoying hotchock in bed eith a movie while the wind is howling outsiede and temp a mere 9 Celsius! 
finished shopping now ...    got some cool new kicks though !!
the fever of hay is back...achooooooooooooo 
@mark32i5b ha ha, no just I'm not a fan of the heat 
this heat is getting on to me 
I dread the heat coming 
you are just too arrogant sist! berasa cool?!! 
@sverschuren I think we've all been there  the heat from the straightner is killing! :p
seems like fever is back here again! 
@ricanlatte girl are you serious we need a lil cool breeze ova here. Its 98 everyday  2 hot
Oh the sweltering heat.../me is dead! 
Going to eat with friends and my daughter today. Trying to stay calm and cool without a swamp cooler 
@noufel it gets hotter &amp; hotter every summer.  but the rain has also been really bad lately. many get sick with colds, flu &amp; dengue fever
@LilKatD well a bit of both is better..n t heat is a humid heat rite..dis is a dry scorchin heat dat saps ur energy 
dying of heat from running 
@RedMummy Awwww hay fever?  x
Jogging, isn't REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a high fever 
Jogging, isn't REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a high fever 
Jogging, isn't REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a high fever 
Oh no, the heat is coming! I was really enjoying the cool weather... 
@erinmurray94 me either but they think its glandular fever but i wont know until 2mow 
really struggling w/ writing the new intro  also getting really really tired/fairly overwhelmed. at least i made a cool ppt for it
not really looking forward to the heat later in the week...ugh 100 degrees 
fever doesn't want to go away  and i can't sleep...
@imrahil327 I said they SHOULD make them...  sorry for the temp. excitement!
I can barely breathe it's so hot outside!  And it's only going to get hotter!  
you have let me down immune system - 99.5 fever 
@hollyxann oh no  heat pad and warm water
has a fever 
@MichaelFortney cool - not in the us yet 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
has a fever 
i think a fever's coming 
Oh no oh no! I feel the chills coming on to me  I've reached the critical point in temperature.
fever, again. 
But guess what... the heat is un bearable here. 
hay fever 
the heat is making my face dry.ow.it hurts all over.what should i do? what should i do? 
has a fever. 
@nell_xo cool!  but also fairly sad 
just got done running 4 miles!  wow! not fun in the heat!
down with fever 
I think I have a fever 
@Bigseff  im cool back to work 
@MsCrunk It cool though. 
Ughhh i think i have a fever 
I'm trying to survive this crazy heat 
fever is back 
This cool is really good. And sad 
It's not fun at all to have a fever of 100.5 
@djjmytaco ewwww!! No ac aint cool either!!! 
My fever just won't stop! 
I wish it would rain. It's so darn hot. 
@danscotty cool! they don't sell those here 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isn't REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a high fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isn't REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a high fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
i now smell of deep heat 
Why the hell is the heat index already 99 degrees here?! Its not even 9am yet. Ugggh 
I think my plants are dying from the insane amount of heat. 
i have a fever 
@malenga We have a heat advisory going on up here. 
@laurcunningham I totally agree with you I hate this heat and brightness 
O its still hot heat index is a 103. 
I am cooling off from the 92 degree heat!!! 
I hate this heat 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isn't REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a high fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
the heat makes me cranky 
@chadengle cool - I find it so hard to follow on there though  #dcth #tinychat
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
ugh...summer colds are the worst, esp when you have a fever on top of this ridic humidity 
@kissfmnightshow no  but I'm heading out tonight and was thinking I could drop it by the studio - cool?
Theres no hot chicas here 
worried about my kitty Ashes, think he has a fever  keeps sneezing and he feels hott...
the temperature just dipped in the office. freezing my arse off now. or maybe my temperature's soaring. 
This fever...I really shld be resting. 
Jogging, isn't REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a high fever 
not well  had a heat stroke.......
@Mechanigal i'm running temperature too 
@MattyBulman already have the 3g mate, there cool enough, but totally want the new one 
It's so hot in here! hot hot hot   
I think I have a fever... 
Burning up in the heat 
@TheNewBradie  marks cool
@SpiderxBear  i have glandular fever
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
boiling in jaunpur heat at 46 degrees 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isn't REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a high fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isn't REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a high fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Thinking our new lawn is turning brown cause of the heat- not good 
this heat &amp; humidity makes me feel craptastic 
@Blindfaith73 It's 92 here with a heat index of 101. I hate summertime. 
Is full and starting to get hot. I hate the heat.... 
I need cold water!! its soo hot!! 
@branchuchan I wish! I have a fever 
Jogging, isn't REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a high fever 
Jogging, isn't REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a high fever 
Jogging, isn't REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a high fever 
Jogging, isn't REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a high fever 
kalyns body is so hot layin on me it feels like i have a fever 
Is feeling unloved. cool 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
coming down with a fever.  and the only cure is more cowbell, where can i get some?
the heat is unbearable. too bad we arent going cycling later 
@DevineNews I think that's what's giving me a fever 
down with fever 
@AIRDEEZY937 not too good.. i have a fever 
has a fever 
i'll melt in the heat soon, 
@Anthonyyyy i can't do it as cool as u...u need to teach me 
These streamline bus drivers are not nearly as cool as they used to be.  
baking in the heat 
@BillyLane damn wish I could check out all that cool ish at park  I'm jealous!
took alyssa a bath she has a fever 
3.0 appears to have removed the cool feature of warming up the back on my ipod 
Running a fever of 101. It hurts so bad 
ergh. i think i might actually be running a fever 
...the temp's boiling hot! 
@quackadoodle It was 98 degrees F here yesterday! I wish fall would hurry up and get here! I hate the heat 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
@uneekgrafix Trying to stay cool.  It's like 97 degrees here. 
I have a fever 
@woolley_annemar LOL cool...I wish it rained here...i hate this heat 
Jogging, isn't REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a high fever 
Jogging, isn't REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a high fever 
is about to head back out into this heat 
So....muggy....so....hot  boo on heat.
about to go out and face the heat 
I actually miss the heat for once 
i don't feel good... 100 degree fever... 
It is 90 degrees out. I'm dying here and drowning in humidity.  Trying to stay cool.
blerg, the heat destroys me 
ready to colapse of too much busy-ness and heat 
I think I caught the fever...I'm freezing !!! 
@VWsalesguyVA it feels more like 120  redheads do t tolerate heat too well. Not diggin this.
ick.  i hate the heat.  i hate sweating.  
Touch of the heat exhaustion.  Not so much fun 
Is ready for fall already...so tired of heat   we need to work on this global warming thing
one of the best dabce recitals i have ever seen. dying in this heat 
Still very sick. 102*F fever. 
i think i have a fever 
just took my temperature.. and its 102      ive never had a fever that high b4.. and i feel like crap!
@shayne0matic cool ......i never been to miami ...sadly 
@savoragency Unfortunately, we couldn't stay, I was completely knocked out by the heat. 
@snuffdigital I wish it rains here...the heat and the stupid flu is killing me..I dunno if I`ve got fever or it is just the heat 
the opposite of cool = cleaning up candle wax 
@DisIsPeter lmfao when I first startin I thought followin was the cool thin to do.. I guess not 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
m bored!!!  its so fuckin hot here...
is 38.1 Celsius a fever?.. that's my temp now 
cool, she's throwing up. 
hay-fever .. not gudd 
waiting for that big #squarespace  of a heat patch to kick in. 
about to sleep.......fever,fever,high FEVER 
39 degrees of fever and raising... damm... I need to finish this report... 
Breaking out in cold sweat and dying from fever. 
my temperature raised  separating kills
is not twitter-cool 
@vinterskygge Holy smokes I wouldn't mind taking some of that heat for ya, it's been raining and cool all day 
Our A/C is broken. I'm dying from the heat. 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isn't REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a high fever 
Jogging, isn't REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a high fever 
Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever 
Jogging, isn't REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a high fever 
Zomg!!! It's sooo friggin hot 
102 fever  this is bs!!!!!
@defenestr8 107 degrees dry heat? I'll take it eff this goddamn 102 degree heat index with 60%+ humidity 
hates the arizona heat. 
I think it got hotter all of a sudden... I need an a/c 
@robinista  how cool would that have been!
I hate hay fever! 
heat sux 
laying on the couch reading twilight ..trying to get rid of this 102.6 fever ! 
Today's temp was 45 degree Celsius I dunno how will I survive If It continues like this. 
Just finished a mountain of ironing and now feeling hot hot hot!!!! 
@bizychic cool...it's crazy over there isn't it 
I hate this heat! 
i tihnk its the heat. why is it so bloody hot 
been watching movies all day I'm sick of them now lol found out I have a fever  sucks it's like soo hot in here
thermometer just hit 101, to hot to climb 
@5OH7 what the hot hot F 
@lilymalcolm ummmmm wtf this heat is amazing! eff you! go knock on a treeeeee  i will miss this heat
@ericakelly01 I wish it was dry (94 w/ 112 heat index) I just want some cloud cover  enjoy the steam!
@sitbones I couldn't imagine not having relief from this heat, but I know some do not. 
@imjstsayin   extended heat advisory wonder if we r next
Oh. And my feet hurt like woah and I have a headache from heat exhaustion and loud noise. But mainly the heat. Owwieee me feeet 
Dying from the heat 
little rain yesterday...doesn't help the heat or the humidity!! 
Days are getting hotter and hotter everyday  
I have a fever. 
@pamelafox cool, but I dont have a wave acc 
I hate hay fever. 
@vikaskumar its the heat 
aaah its so freakin hot here its like 30degrees Celsius : O its ike to hot! 
@SPAMlovesGARBO awww  yes when you have a fever, you feel cold bc your body temperature is so much higher than the room temperature
is dying in this heat! 
Having a damn fever 
@sueupton Be glad it's warm there! It's been rainy, dreary, and cool here in the Northeast  #dumbledore
have a really sore throat and i think i also have a fever  not good
I think I am going to die in this heat exhaustion 
suffering from the heat  +37C here
- has a touch of the old prickley heat rash... 
wishing I could adopt all the strays laying out in the shade from the heat 
@KhloeKardashian working in the 100 degree heat. 
scorching heat is killing meh 
Its soo hot ... yet soo windy 
i'm getting a high temperature again. 
My fever won't go away 
I was probably insane to work out in this heat! Only got 2 miles in 
Its tooooooooooo hot 
It's soooo hot. I don't deal with heat well. 
@hanlly That was a cool blink song. 
@MissxMarisa cool, listening to them now thanks!! 
ohhhhhhhhhhh what a beuatiful day...............wohooooooo hot hot hot 
@jonuts There was definitely a romance about the time.. cool games, crappy music that /seemed/ cool then.. 
@30secondstomars http://twitpic.com/2xfyp - awwwwwwww, cool!!!!!!!!!!!! no comments 
@geishacat cool 
@avalanchelynn hello!! g'mrng!!  wuzup?!? hows twitterville while i was sleeping? evrythings cool? 
@SarahStewart cool - being cool gives you every excuse to winge abt cold 
@katiekayx aw cool! I'm so excited 
This is cool....it looks good...still not sure what this is all for or how it works.  
@1lutherblissett I don't know what's more cool - that you guys just flew around in that, or that @coblej is smiling 
@pcsbox that's cool 
@gerardway cool 
@nathaliep cool, lol 
@StormClaudi yay.....I have nice chill buzz going 
cool animation with lights, check it out http://tinyurl.com/48ouep  #dfvp
@pkjaz  cool  me too 
@authorlisalogan oooh cool cool thank you very much for that information 
@davereardon cool.  mayhem is the only fighter I like 
@trreed cool, I'll have to go just to meet you then 
@gabysslave cool... maybe you can coach me 
@missconway LOL!  I'm sure that he'd say it was twat=hot...   just from what I've observed..
@mollydot cool  tnx 
is really confused! sipping cool coke, munching &amp; enjoying my favourite hobby, talking 
@greatcorbinski Ah cool. For a second I almost forgot what you meant, but I getcha now. 
@_MoisesArias cool  what r u watching?
@luckigrrl cool @SayTweet badge 
cool spa we're doing...named after me...trying to get out to oregon  www.theallison.com
Enjoying the nice cool breeze of my new desk fan 
@ahockley LOL. The heat just gets to some with more ferver. 
@fullspectrum303 cool mayt! 
@just_reva that's cool. would be wonderful if u do that. we could social media to promote it 
@mileycyrus it looks cool and pretty   i want it#
@mrfish007 that's cool about the postcard 
@cityrat59 cool, I think yo will like it 
@imperfect cool 
@itsroxanneyo were cool coxxy 
woot woot heat won again 
Me too  and ahh cool
is enjoying a nice warm, eco friendly I hope, fire 
@pinwheelgirl thank you.  i need the cool breezes.. 
@Deandri Wow, cool! 
@xlad Wow hot new pic 
@YoginiMunich hey cool!!! Can I come? 
Still up mixing/making hot hot fiyah 
@TeamCyrus i know that's cool 
@SelvinOrtiz cool .. looking forward to it 
@mageshcse cool.. 
Haha that's cool 
@razasayed cool 
@brunolovesbrit cool ,I wanted one of them when I was 14, but I don't like them much now lol but I'm sure urs is cute 
@JyonJacobs ED WESTWICK . hot right ? 
@ash_CT Ahhh..cool 
'pushing me away' on piano only.. cool 
@CapriSings  I hope I'm that cool at 45.
@expectations_ Like heat hot or hot hot, cause you're definitely hot hot 
@vanessaveasley hey cool analogy 
@taylorswift13 wow cool I just listened to it  thats so cool.
@ThePaulDaniels this looks more simple   http://tweemap.com/ (via @vocd) this looks interesting/cool!
@aussiemcflyfan hehe cool 
@adamsweb cool, looking at it on wikipedia now!! nice gear 
@HilaryAnnDuff cool! Where?? 
now its #hoppusday? cool 
@ryancarson cool 
@buckhollywood cool where can i download it 
heat vs. hawks ! 
@laurencehill  cool  cheers
@_LoMedina hahahahhahah  cool, right?
@LucasCruikshank cool pic have fun 
@musicdish amy speace cool! 
uber cool 
@violetasvk cool 
@JenCarfagno Wow, you were here? Why didn't you tell me? J/k  That's cool though; I have yet to see one...
playing with @elgg on a cool new website... hopefully ready very soon 
@annalisaceccato hey thanks mate your cool coz you watched it...  
woow, i think david henrie is weeeeeell hot! 
@mcrfash1 cool  what did you get?
@esoterismo  cool its my P 
@CarlosV cool np. It's got me working on a series of designs. 
@sarahismail95 its cool 
This is cool! 
@wildmanrouse cool shot! 
beats the heat with cool guava juice in handi water 
@DannysGhirl ah cool- there's loads more pics on there  x
@makellbird seems cool, I'll try to subscribe to listen the song tomorow 
Second time on the bike.. ~17km.. it can only get better  6 degrees Celsius was a bit too cold.
@cre8tvdirektr wow. this is cool 
@erictpeterson cool...count me in already 
@xxrawkstarx that's cool. 
@nickjackson cool 
@henkvaness cool, looking forward to that 
@akYip hehe that's cool 
@kvervo o, cool! I am happy for you 
@LainyB tonight??? cool!! that would be nice  so cute 
@kpupillo @srouser WHAT?! I think following @APStylebook is uber-cool 
@wisie alright cool just wanted to make sure it wasnt just me  danke
@KINGmoney  its cool  my #3hotwords lay with me  that's hott right? Lol
@Pischina Lol...cool!  You should probably post some pics.   
@BigRichB cool deal!  
http://twitpic.com/5cdwj - currently playing WoW .. aint my character hot? 
@DznyFreak cool!    whatever you say.
@IndiaSerenne it went cool!!  I'm tired!!
@jake2121 well that's cool  who's the director?
@DavidArchie cool! so where will be your next concert? I'd love to hear about it! can't wait! 
@Dancegurl91 cool, i hope u like the story 
raining again. this is good. cools the environment. 
@Courageous_one All cool 
@DaRiddler352 I may drift n a second...its cool....I have the aromatheraphy candles going....wonderful thoughts lol. 
blaaah, jillians cool  @JillianMac
@lucyucy lmao why is tht cool?!?!?! 
@TheAtlPrince cool! keep it up 
@hungryintaipei it's never too hot for hot pot 
Oh well. At least I know how to be sociable now. And managed to find cool peeps. 
@tomc1995 cool 
@xxLaurenxx72 Aww cool! What did they say about them? 
@twilightfairy ok cool  thanku....
@anumvighio ohk  cool!
@Muldz04 your hot! 
@smiley92 cool i think i got the beginning 
@robluketic that was crazy cool 
back in .... cool nite thxs 
@ryos chilled chardonnay is the best cure for the heat 
@MagicalSpork its crystal cool to me 
@litford aye that's cool  i may have my own pad by then too so you'll always be welcome to stay with me ;);)
How geek-ish and cool is that?  http://ioanghip.googlepages.com/
@castletonASHLEY that'd be fair cool 
@JennyWah thank you. unfortunately, when alcohol enters the equation it's rather hard for me to play cool. it was best i leave haha 
@aszolty cool  share the schematics B-)
@LJsBaby lol!! cool! 
@hubmum connected with your running? (or your 'wine' fever 
@iamsmek er? cool down 
@prettygreens tell her to be a hip and cool modern aunt. it'd be awesome! 
munching off my arm.  cool rayt? 
waking up to kate bush &amp; fever ray 
@m_berrou cool flu is better 
@KimKristine cool  i like it!!
@springtree Wow, cool, have to read through... 
its too warm outside &amp; its only morning! I hate the heat! I wanna relax in a cool pool and get a massage. 
@hennesy1980 cools 
@andyclemmensen ahaha your cool  I'll help ;)
@celiaistall :S tis scary. haha i should get a mask  some cool one . or not . haha it would be weird
@kiwimmigrator well, hello I see you are looking at coming to live in ChC - cool 
@magsol they sound like v. cool shoes, badass. 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5o0ze - cool 
@shanselman Ah, Ispoke too soon, winfox is not what I wanted ;( but, its cool 
@JustJamie that's a hot pic!!! 
@KingKan naw its cool. I was just kidding. Just keep doing whatcha doing. That will keep me happy 
@DeviousMrHyde Haha, well that's cool.  I always wondered what they looked like, and now I know! 
@rampantheart wow, that's cool! 
@rizaliwan Could you please translate in cool english, dahlin'? 
@jordanknight cool 
@lynncee cool plae you should visit 
@aplusk LANIS....that's cool. 
@neoazra: cool cool.  Just checkin on ya. 
@hippiechic567 Wow..that's cool! Slideshows rock 
@ClariceTinsley cool it would be my privilege. 
@BlacktotheBeard wow, that's cool, bon voyage.. 
@mclinklove I did check him out ;-) and I'll give him a follow if you claim he is that cool. 
@atraz haha your cool 
@BrandonJhon i'm calm. as a cool midnight summer breeze. 
@bentonpaul what a cool pic. so cute 
@pinkstuf hahah cool  well that should be quite energy filled ;) lol
@erstwhilestyle cool! I want to see the design! 
@Z303 cool, but pace yourself 
.@MoocherGirl deal!! haha cool 
@Damdam yes cool 
