Most common words for this cluster:
[('dad', 391), ('mum', 159), ('daddy', 139), ('grandma', 85), ('today', 76), ('day', 76), ('home', 65), ('amp', 60), ('quot', 45), ('i', 43), ('grandpa', 36), ('uncle', 35)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Dad', 0.9110449552536011), (u'Mom', 0.840652346611023), (u'Daddy', 0.8123065233230591), (u'Grandma', 0.7708876729011536), (u'dad', 0.7656295895576477), (u'Mum', 0.7647882699966431), (u'Grandpa', 0.7637112140655518), (u'grandma', 0.7443116903305054), (u'daddy', 0.7417880296707153), (u'Grandad', 0.7265880703926086)]





Mum's been taken to hospital, they don't know what's wrong, she's been vomiting since yesterday. Rushing back to get to the hospital 
Dad was admitted to hospital yesterday, so want to fly to Cape Town to visit... R1900 for monday return ticket on #Kulula 
Mum just called, now my sister is in hospital 
Grandad doesn't know what to do with himself, Mam can't stop crying, I can't occupy my mind... Poor Gran, Goodbye 
doesn't want to clean Daddy's yacht, or write his dissertation. He wants to plan a forty-five minute magic show. 
lil1 has gone with her Dad in the tractor and I'm going to clean the bathroom 
Dad insisted on having a carwash at this friggin hour. I'm so tired already  he won't listen to me now I have to sit and wait.
thinking about chris, erin, and family today. they have to say goodbye to their beloved Dad and newly made Grandpa! 
@justinkeyes777 Momma misses you.  
Dad picks a restaurant with one vegetarian dish for lunch. Garlic bread and a side of fries for me 
Uhoh - Daddy is trying to hamper Mommy's plans to get me a kitteh pal to play with 
meh I am such a sucker for the girls, my 4 year old daughter has learned to play me already.  Jade: &quot;Daddy please&quot;  daddy: cave 
Wishing my 2.5 year old could understand the concept that Daddy can't play, but better than that, wishing I could 
 S just called to let me know he's not feeling well and probably won't be to Dad's bday tonight. 
@justlalayone man I wish I could! But imma be in &amp; out with fam today. Grandma's still not good so we gotta pick up soup &amp; essentials 
I officially hate Mum's new employees. 
@GillyLiz It honestly is me Gillyette, I just want to be me  I think I have your email somewhere, I have been so busy with my Mum, 2 secs
@nikeasm dang yall had fish yesterday?  i miss fridays at Granny's...yall just too far now! (((sad)))
'What's your plan?'- Where is my Grandpa when I need him most? 
Oh Daddy Yankee why are u so whack now? Listening to playeros and old reggaeton...at work till 8am  ...could be worse 
Pulled out the couch, did not get near enough pizza, and Dad has the thermostat in the mid-eighties, with no sign of turning it down. 
FML. Mom and I went to Papa Johns to get some pizza and we told them NO cheese but guess what was on it?? Yeah... 
Fed up of waiting for my Mum to arrive. Typically, she's over 2 hours late 
naupte buna/good night all, please pray for us as we have lost my bf Grandma in sibiu romania,he did not get to see her since 5 years ago 
My Mum is very poorly in hospital pneumonia 
@katecameron2002 Oops! Meant Dad gone &amp; I'm good with mum...missed out the important bit there. It's 8 yrs,but she's still not over it 
Oh damn, promised my Dad I'd leave Skype open, and I forgot and they actually left me a message 
Dad had a bad night. I wish i understood more. If he has already gone he would hate this.  sorry dad x
Hoping my Grandma will be ok 
Just walked in the door from work, taking care of sick Mum &amp; making dinner for Dad. What a mad day!  Now onto my own chores and paperwork 
Mama gave a little tiny piece of pizza cos I screeched like someone was plucking my feathers (evil laugh) almost bird bed time 
I'm heartbroken to say that my grandfather passed away yesterday in the morning at 3:30.  I will miss him so much! I love you, Grandpa.
Grandma is out of surgery, hoping she gets better.... we get so fragile as we grow older.. 
Watching &quot;American Dad&quot; on Hulu then going to sleep for another long day of school. 
@GiniLovesJonas Aw, your Mum gets freaked? That sucks!  But it's your obsession!
Daddy had a diabetes reaction this morning.  This is the first time that has ever happened. 
eek!  We have run out of bread - as the son of a baker, my Dad would be turning in his grave 
going to Jenni's college for  Greek Fest activities. How many times will someone want to know who's Dad I am ? 
Daddy had to go to work today 
@michellemistake You left.  But have fun with Mama and your bro!
Aunt's bday, going to have lunch in a fancy restaurant o/ after that, math math math ; geography geography geography 
Dad's having a go at me!, i hate him 
My Dad, just droped my rabbit from a great hight, she hut her ribs 
just had the ambo's at her house. Mum's back isn't in great shape but hopefully it's nothing too serious 
@shaundiviney, You know what sucks major donkey balls? Parents, Mum wont take me to see you guys cause i have been to a concert this year 
@fallenstar_ Mum just said that I'd better not expect to watch the Logies tonight because she hates it... Hmph, she sucks 
Mum only cooked for her self. &gt;:O I'm hungry. 
At the airport. Dad's leaving today for Calgary. 
@dizzi1 yep im by myself  Mum, dad are steven are away (back 2m) and Simon is at his Gfs bit. I dont like tidying its rubbish lol
We had the best time at the beach yesterday; Grandson was making everyone sand burgers and sand chili... They will be going home today.. 
Gramma died at 1:45 this morning. 
get together at 4, must clean! Dad is gonna help me with my new gazebo and there are flowers to plant, but first my rainjacket. 
Darn it! Mum's just spilt the yorkshire pud mix! That was the last of the eggs as well 
@AtLaLaLand why can't Daddy C really exist 
Worried about Grandpa S. worried about how my hubby is going to handle it cause it seems gpa dosen't have long 
cnt find this stupid song... it's an accapella version of Honey, I'm home originally by Aunt Rita and NOT Shania Twain 
@lisathewaitress Mom and Dad moving - very hard on the kids, esp the boys, they miss Grandpa Mose  
Having a sad day, my Grandfather passed away 
Dad flies home today, back to reality, going to miss him not looking forward to taking him to the airport or  the car ride back alone 
@DominicScott Daddy wasnt there 
Hubby-to-be leaves this morning on a business trip for 3 days  I'm going to miss him so much! Hurry home!!!
got overtaken by Grandpa on the running track today 
off to work with my Uncle, no time to bike 
Just woke up  Mummy and Daddy coming back today 
@checkedeeda I had cheese pizza and burnt the roof of my mouth  sorry I haven't called you back Sel was on the mobile and Mum on the phone
home. Just went and spent a few hours with my Daddy! I love him! I miss my boo 
Car to jack up this morning and Dad's iphone problems mull over. Seller came back to me re turbo sim trying to get off the hook. 
Going to my Grandfather and Grandmother and I have to learn too when I am there!! 
is missing his Daddy  R.I.P.
I guess I will be taking another trip &quot;home&quot;, my Uncle passed away...  
@naataalieee I think coz I asked too late. LOL. Like you did with fair. And then we had argument. Mum wouldve let me go 
Mum and dad on their way to the airport. So jealous 
Thank you zack and Halley for the mothers day wishes. Miss you both!!  Big girls messed their pen big time. Dad's not happy about it. 
Momma is leavin back to CO. 
Just made Mum a nice french toast breakie.  Now deciding what to do with the rest of the day.  It's suppose to rain 
I wish I could go home to see my Momma! booo 
Car's dead. Mum lost another guinea pig. 2 in a month. And no quiz for me tonight. And worries until tuesday. Just not worth the effort 
My Dad, who is my medic, keeps telling me I'm going to lose my arm some day &amp; I want hit him in his stupid face. Grrr! Also I can't sleep 
Off to Ciara's swimming lesson later, looking forward to it! It's gonna be a long day, Daddy E coming home late tonight! 
Stepdad caught me on the phone with him last night  of course I fell asleep before I called back     
I wish my Grandma could make me a spinach pie for my birthday 
Dad took out cable *off the attic.  Attic's no longer my &quot;new home.&quot;
Mama bury these guns for me.....  ? http://blip.fm/~69dzb
Now they're playing a Beatles medley and it's making me miss my Dad 
Watchin tv w Dad- last night home  but very excited for the bean tomorrow!
Deep in my ear drums are aching. I wish it were 2pm already, I can't go anywhere to get help til Mum gets home from work    
Mum still tetchy, as she was inspecting the spinning object clearly told her she was too late it came to life yesterday, was swotted away 
Omg! Had bad dream all my Utah relatives were murdered by my Uncle&amp;Aunt but left me n my girl alive. 
Off to Grandmas house. Yay! 
I fail at life. Mum has to go for a wake the moment I got home. I should've stayed out awhile longer. 
@Zaraa_x :O awwwwwws why not? cuz of your grandad? 
@alphaque ALAMAK Uncle, I justtttt saw your reply  I is dipres. Hv fun with Uncle J!  Bring back sambal ijo for me!
While tidying I just found 20 dollars in dollar bills my Dad gave me at Christmas. FAIL 
http://twitpic.com/5d29q - Dad, where r u and when r u coming back?! 
Got lost going to New Montefiore Cemetary. Stopping at a different cemetary to visit Grandma and Uncle Frank. 
Mum changed the channel 
Getting ready to send my youngest off to spend the night with Mamaw! 
Dad warded. Rushing to SJMC 
@iampriteshdesai I'm sorry. Mama's also had that happen. I suck at math the most though, cause I don't even have fingers to count. 
Daddy Doo has to have an operation 
Dad wants to take our dog to the pound! 
Mum's going in for surgery tomorrow... *iz scared* 
It's not fair that the other 2 dogs go for a walk every morning and I don't. Mum says she can't manage 3 dogs 
Not even made landfall at Pembroke Dock and already missing Ireland terribly. Very emotional parting at Mum &amp; Dad's this morning. 
My Dad had a stroke, will know more tomorrow 
Still a waiting game as far as Momma G. is concerned.  They she's going to pass but just don't know when. 
@Mama_Gedlu haha better not be! but when is yours..? i cant go to ours..im gonna be out of town  it sucks!! but did u get ur dress?
is feeling drained after spending 4hrs teaching my Mum about smilies - and she still hasnt the foggiest 
 maan, my Mum say I'm too often in front of my PC  no that isn't right ! 
Hello Heterarchs...fine weather in Dundee (i.e. it's not raining) this am.  Depressing trip to see my Dad's new gravestone coming up 
I missed out on gallows last night :/ Mum didnt let me go.. and I would have missed the supports too, but I dont care about them. Gallows 
Just got some bad news my Grandfather has been admitted to hospital 
... just cancelled by Summer Break... Was going to see Grandpa &amp; Grandma but God called them back upstairs 
just cancelled my Summer Break (July) ... Was going to see Grandpa &amp; Grandma but God called them back upstairs 
@hisaming The  #Coktup started in the wrong time. End of sem and exam time. I got exams on 25th. And Dad wouldnt let me get out.. 
Mum's properly gutted that her big envelope of my card and loads of goodies hasn't arrived. I feel so bad for her 
Sam just whacked Dad's nose with the door of our car's boot, think it might have hit the bone, it cut the bridge of his nose anyhow 
Aw man. Dad's not coming home for lunch. 
Dad's seventh death aniv. today.. can't believe it has been that long  Dad u r still close to my heart and in my thoughts always...
Granny's going home tonight  will miss her a lot sighhh - http://tweet.sg
Where is my boss??? Granny is fun but I miss him.... 
Grandma passed away this evening,need to head back home asap 
Found out last night Dad has to have a triple bypass...heart disease is heriditary...mom has diabetes...I got all the good genes! 
I miss my mommy. Daddy's armpit isn't a very good surrogate nipple. 
Mama says I need a haircut 
It would be a perfect family day...If only Daddy were here  ...But we have the rest of our lives to have good family days so...
Going to visit Dad and his 'bionic' knee, in the hospital after work today. Poor Dad has to stay there until Monday 
I hate those days when I wake up and want to go sit with Dad. 
Mom and Dad had beet juice for breakfast. Dad let me have some, it got on my white fur and now I look like I've been in a fight 
Dad moved the rally cap and the Padres lost. Sadnees! 
Fever is back again... from 37.1 shoot up to 37.9  Mum gonna bring me to the doctor later... 
I LOVE Mama P for all the free groceries! And I will miss her 
I just saw pics from this past Thanksgiving and am sad because Grandma was in them.  
is feeling bad  just got bad news about my Mum
@chrissalad My Mum said I probably wont get out of it  ALSO - it goes for like 2 months. That's normal right?
getting dressed to go to Granny's,another day of now twitting 
asks: did anyone possibly get a photo of me receiving my diploma? Dad's camera died right at that moment. 
Super pumped to do the &quot;Relay for Life&quot; tonite. I am walking in honor of my sweet Grandpa '06 and my Uncle Howard who past just yesterday 
Just looked at the date...today the one year anniversary of my Grandmother...miss her mane   um sad
Momma martini went food shopping without me!!!! 
Cops tell #Tori's Dad they may never find her remains  http://lfpress.ca/newsstand
Heading to yale.. Grandmother in car accident 
Willie is pouting because Grandma didn't put any treats on my food  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6877293
At hospital.. Uncle is in surgury after heart attack 
My friend's son just got to visit Daddy after 3 yrs. Denied cuz Daddy lost job &amp; could not pay a ton of support. Kids want parents not $! 
I don't seem to have any photos of me and my Grandma together for tomorrow. It is heart breaking 
someones dead on army wives. Dad just laughed and Mum got annoyed with him. I wanna watch Britains Got Talent 
Dad asked my why I was sticking my tongue out while I was ironing, and I told him it was so I didn't burn my finger, as I burnt my finger 
Dad asked me why I was sticking my tongue out while I was ironing, and I told him it was so I didn't burn my finger, as I burnt my finger 
Daddy just left.................without me  http://yfrog.com/13pdrmj
@rawr_333 Yeah.    I couldn't call my Dad, Mom, or brother either.  Mom = On the phone.  Dad = Phone card expired.  Brother = At work. 
@ Up in 3D with the boys. Grandpa had to go.  - http://bkite.com/07YeZ
crazy kids won't nap!  I think it's the heat... and I still have to tell them that they can't go to Grandma's cuz she's sick  
going to a work people party then going home to visit Grandma. Sadness 
@Cowbelly I really want to!! But it's one of my few free weekends that month and am booking clients  Mama needs to make money.
Grandma Caminker passed away today.  She will be missed, but may she rest in peace.
Watching old home videos with my Grandma!! ? I miss my childhood 
@saintcreaghzy I don't have new games.. Dad said he was going to buy a Mario racing game for me, but he didn't say when 
Going to use Sophies GHDs today but I don't have a hair dryer becauce Mum took it to Melbs  I want some cookies!!!!
I just lost an Aunt.  An awful ending to a long crappy week
@amonfocus ashamed to say somebody's Grandma put a piece of cake in my bag on my way out &amp; I gladly accepted 
There she goes; we dropped Mum off at the airport and it seems she'll make the flight. Bye, Mum!   See you next time!
had an awesome time hanging out with Uncle Donnie and Aunt Cheryl. I wish they'd move here... 
Momma only never came back because she said she doesn't want to be home 
Going up to Bedford to see my Dad in hospital. The news we got yesterday wasn't good. It's going to be a sad say 
Grandmom passed away. Just flew in to coimbatore 
@sarahdope HELLYES!  But Dad's hogging the t.v., he's watching the contender..I wanna watch Dexter 
Is bummed he missed Jo, Mum and Dads call from Hawaii. 
Mum is picking me up today along with half my stuff, was quite sad packing, actually gonna miss the flat 
Mum &amp; Dad have a party tonight :S I'm devastated that my parents have a better social life than I do 
They letting my Grandfather go home because the Doc says there is nothing more they can do for him 
@RenoJacy Wow, who doesn't love me? Mama doesn't 
@drduckmonkey okiedoke, I'm just about to wake the little'un to get him ready for his Dad taking him away for 24 hrs 
Ugh, the internet here at Mum's keeps stuffing up...pages periodically won't load or the CSS is stripped, etc. What a pain! 
my family stopped to help overturned car off of highway. Dad helped others pull both out busted rear window. Both beyond wasted 
I have officially lost my Mum 
Kaylee's graduation then Grandpa's funeral  its going to be a long emotional day.
Dad gummit! Chelsea scored  2-1
Eppachi jus calld. Grandpa is hosptlzd. I wanna c him now 
Dad's gutted at the defeat, so am I actually 
@alithealien Mum was very understanding for a day or two, then smell meant it had to go 
Mama is leaving today  it's gonna be weird without her here.
@HolyMole I know, I'm ashamed of myself..  There's nothing in the Hotel of Mum and Dad 
Oldest daughter: &quot;Dad, is 'Hey Jude' a Beatles song?&quot;  Clearly I have failed as a parent.   
I miss my grandad so much. 
Dad is getting ready to leave for his 7 day cruise.....so jealous right now 
BGT just mad me crying. A Grandad and Granddaughter... 
Beers with the boys. This part of the day is going much better than the round of golf. Dad beat me today...sad face 
Daddy's sick  Studying for exams, and tennis maybe?
I'm sad today....miss my old life, miss my mama and my Grandmother  sad cloudy saturday!
Grandpa is very sick again and in hospital 
MY oldest daughter is getting ready to go on a two week road trip with her partner,  Dad Worries. 
feels like a nap..i miss taking naps with my Granny 
I love the rain. Gramma won't let me go out 
Grandpa is tearing apart my sonic screwdriver. 
Grandma you came to my house to fast and that is why I was not finished 
STILL not amazed. Mum's home 
Grandma i wanted to pick my own pizza 
WATCHING HOUSE!!!!!! But Mom &amp; Dad just got home, so I might have to stop soon... 
Hmph! Daughter just texted to say she's back at her mate's flat in Leeds. I haven't been to sleep yet! 
has had a very long draining difficult day dealing with moving my Dad's stuff and also family drama too! URG! Feeling so stressed out. 
After diner, I decided to hook up my compy and download everything I've missed this last week. Realised mouse and keyboard are at Dad's. 
@mkenzzi DUDE, I KNOW. Dad hasn't even yelled at her yet!  Speaking of dad, he's not here. I went out earlier, but Sam's a jerk.
Dang! got 8mm movies I borrowd from my Dad that I have nevr seen.Finally broke them out 2 view and projector not working 
@OfficialAS haha yeah... but i need it to get my phone. Dad says I have till 4 to find it... not gonna happen 
Eating vegemite cruskits lol. Waiting for Marky. Mum wont take me for a drive 
Dad's in hospital having blood tests - fingers crossed  
Mum Dad and Holly gone to Spain without me 
Wiggy wants to play out in park today but Mum says no   Poor Wiggy.
Off to see my Grandad in hospital - prognosis is poor, ho hum  .
I'm going 2 uni for a bit tomorrow. Mum wants me to wear a mask to protect myself but I'm afraid people will think I'm sick and shun me 
I miss my Mum and Sister already and their flight hasn't even left yet..... 
@boyced what? kilt? Dad's wedding I didn't have much choice.... so i just slowly cooked throughout the day 
The Bean's been stirry today. Mum's been busy with Bean &amp; Dad's been busy with housework  tired now
Mum just rang me to tell me my net is down at home  tut!
my amazing Mum and Dad are coming to save me from the boredom of Preston  i'm so fed up with no one being here!! 
Sooooooooo not ready to get up. Dad has to wake me up so freakin early everytime I stay here! 
Dad just made a really embarassing speech at a wedding  (Nonoko)
He started refusing food yesterday     RE:RubyKelz: @SuperAnn43 I am so sorry Mom &amp; Dad, April told me how bad he was this past week 
Buon Giorno All! Sunny+chilly 2day. Mom's visiting,she wants 2 'help' meaning wants 2 clean my house her way!What happ. 2 relaxing Sunday 
Getting me &amp; kids ready for church all alone. Feeling kind of sad b/c JC woke up saying &quot;Daddy's not here momma&quot;.   
Dad's leaving for Lebanon today... 
Today kinda sucks cause my Auntie is going back home today 
My oh my..both Kelley &amp; my dad are in the hospital. K has numbing in left shoulder, Dad woke vomiting blood. I've prayed for both. 
My Uncle is gone 
@reagienewman Mommy and Daddy are missing you very much, you should be here swimming with your brother, and playing with you cousins. 
Sara and Dad at pool today.. wish I could go too!! 
@smooore Auntie this is my new twitter because my old one will not let me change my picture  
Poor William had a bad night!  Somehow managed to fall out of bed at 10:30.  Spent majority of night  with Mum &amp; Dad .. Need sleep please 
@shauna_rae Oh Boy Tootie pics. GrandBob was just in here complaining that there were no new Toot pics in 6 days.   Silly man.
@Isabella091108 Mom &amp; Dad decided I'm not allowed on the couch anymore after my bad behavior in front of guests last week. 
Dad's  in the hospital. When it rains it poors 
@lizzie123x last time I hugged my Dad was December  You haven't got all night &amp; you know why I'm Team Neles ;) xxx
Oh. Em. Gee. My Dad has been caught smoking! He quit months ago and has suddenly started again. Tut, tut. I'm so disappointed right now. 
Dad and baby back from their walk.  Mommy quiet time is over 
@ladysinh I'm sorry about your Aunt 
Hangin out with the kid. Daddy is off at work again 
I have so much to do   list items, find items, fill orders, blog, draw giveaway, email my Dad, transfer things to my memory stick to print
My Dad's so nice, taking me to see &quot;Angels &amp; Demons&quot; even though he's seen it before. I miss Brandon 
@TwoSharon yes she is just like me. When she gets hungry it gets ugly!!! &amp;yes, Daddy was awake for awhile.  he did laugh when I explained.
We came in that way!!! Daddy had to carry me a lot cause I got tired  http://tinyurl.com/n3mppz
Those of you that know me, say a prayer for my Dad, his heart is broken...  
@NeonsMom Damnit... and I WANTED those eggs. Dad and I were being pretty good about it too! 
Mum still is hospital for another 24 hours and not allowed to run indefinately  she will be crushed.
Son hurt his foot yesterday &amp; is at hospital with Dad having checked out. Wish I was with him. Hate being one at home waiting to hear. 
@Stephanieee55 just cause, Mum told me to be quiet so I'm guessing I'm probably not the best singer 
just waking up and taking care of the grandson. Momma's sick 
I just got upsetting news about my cat since 16 or so years back. Mum phoned and said he stopped eating and drinking 
@LauraWhittaker hay i'll talk to later got to go to my Dad's it's not good news 
-continued-b/c my dad wouldn't be home &amp; he doesn't trust me. He also thinks I'm being dramatic, aaaaagh!  Dad, I may infect the other
Dad's been gone 7 years today 
@samjmoody  Mums iron so much!!  My Mum was just doing loads of it... is that what being a Mum is about?     If so, I don't wanna! xX
@whpstickagostop I did have on sunscreen!  Dad wore an Uncle Eddie shirt and he looks good in it too! He needs more of them!
I'm sorry Dad  I was too upset, sorry, sorry.
Nabbie's Mom here!! Nabbie's in the hospital  !! But she is better now!! Hopefully she will be healthy by the weekend!!!
wishing I could go to Cali with my Dad 
@Rocks4Ever Awww love that's terrible, I didn't know your Dad was sick.     *hugs to you*  I will say a prayer for him!!
LAST DAY in tucson to spend with @vince49erfan  Daddy comes tomorrow and we are packing up the Uhaul. LOTS of errands to get done now!
Grandpa has pnemonia  in the hospital for 3 days. Sucks! But he will get better!
@ratboy75024   Porr Daddy missing the 90 degree heat LOL
Grandma isn't coming to Graduation anymore  ohno.
Sitting here and it's freezing..drinking peppermint tea to warm myself up.Then off for a drive to M'svle. Visit Mum's grave and property 
@Morganized Sorry, Morgan. I'm almost 41, and I still hate saying goodbye to Mom and Dad. 
Somebody rang me.I was in the shower. I missed the phone. I have a 94yo Grandpa &amp; a friend's baby due last Sat I don't like to miss calls 
Sitting on my swing thinking of my Momma and my Daddy  I miss them so much.      :-} ThReE11FaN :-}
@flarfu Shouldn't you be cleaning and not watching movies? Dad wouldn't even let me in the house yesterday    Thanks for the mattress!!
I hate when I have to cut my Dad's hair. He can hardly sit up because of his back and I have to take two whacks at it. 
In school. I want to talk to my Mama. 
Mum's making me eat potato stuff with cheese 
Bordom... It's lunch and Mum is running around the shopping center to do something when me and my sister are really really hungry 
@pickmynostERIL Yes, they look less like Mom&amp;Dad and more like celebrities. 
Daddy please stop the meeting now 
Told my Mum about my pain. She gave me some paracetamol. IT really hurts.  There is nothing visible to look at though.
Dad's leaving me for how long?????? 
Oh feck it  Grandma is in hospital  Xx
Grandmom's in the hospital again. Third time this year. Not looking good. 
Grandma's nursing home/condo.   http://twurl.nl/ty17cl  One spiral fracture of the leg for grandma. 0 place to live. 
got an e-mail from my Sis in Rhode Island that they had to take my Dad to ER.....this is when being this far from family is tough 
Is as ecstatic as a private school girl forced to wear a uniform to go to lunch with my overly invasive Grandmother 
Dad needs surgery 
I have nothing to do today  Daddy's dogs are still missing but they will be back!
I've been banned from ever having a dinner party, soiree, et cetera at my Aunt&amp;Uncle's house again.  
@velvetc I must be bamfoozled - I see no Dad &amp; no helicopter just scary car crash photos. 
Today's additions to office: Aeron chair = good.  Daddy longlegs = bad. 
Grandpa passed away today. 
Daddy is on his way to the airport, Mommy is already missing him 
Molly: Daddy, when can I be a different person? Dad: Why would you want that? You're Molly! Molly: So then Luna won't be afraid of me. 
is worried Maci may have a broken left arm. Darn trampolines and Dad's that bounce little kids too high.  
@InnocentVice I guess thats the thing:I always complain about losing the Dad manual to remind myself that there isn't one  Would be easier
Mum just gave me a screwed up piece of bright pink paper to play with, I am the happiest I have ever been.  Not allowed to eat it though 
I'm waiting for Mum to get home so she can take me to subway..she's taking foreverrrrrr! 
The kite store is closed  Grandma got me FIFA 07 for my bday instead. we'll see how that works out, I'm not really a sport person.
stomach hurtsss!  i need food but i can't get any this late without waking Dad...i guess i'll just go doe in my sleep. night twitpops!
Grandma going back to somerset today 
blues fail. I got dat boom boom pow. Mum wont let me and cuz dye my fringe pink 
@dmeeno Mum took it to work  I'm stranded!!
Mum has to work today. And tonight! I am sad. 
Grandma passed away last night. I'll really miss her but I'm glad she's no longer in pain. 
House was hot last night so Dad (yes, Dad!) and I opened windows where we slept. Both of us have slight sore throats this morning. 
Dad's having another surgery today and I'm stuck in Charlotte  prayers are appreciated!
@SolitudePianist I cant stand them! It sucks cause its my Grandma thats taking me &amp; not my Dad. 
@markflay3 cos I had exam ysterday and after didn't go to business lesson now teacher called my Mum, 
.....still getting used to doing the family dinner thing with mum &amp; dad after their split. Dad still looks @ mum with unconditional love 
Getting over the fact that I lost my Grandma, but the worst is behind me..so it seems, now picking up the pieces so to speak 
Lilly just got her first hair cut! Daddy said he was sick of her hair getting in her eyes. 
About to go and have supper, smells delish! But have to wait for Mum and Sister to come home, dammit  What's everyone up to?
@dabossn215 She did want her Daddy,but he left us sum time ago  so we're taking care of thgs 1 finger..I mean 1 step @ a time..u kno..lol
@monsieurbobby awww   Granny probably loves her spot just the way it is!
@kellybess I just ran out of Grandpa mints that I bought at the Amish store. 
@Uncle_Trav my warranty with honda doesn't cover alot at all. 
UGH I wanted to watch ghost adventures, but my Dad wanted to watch Benjamin Button istead.   
Bored...want to annoy Bea, but she's sleeping already. Mum's not home. NOONES THERE 
Auntie D hope you catch it before it gets worse. wont be seeing you for a while ill miss you 
Elijah is giving Grandma a run for her money today!  
I've had a couple of bad hacking spells in the past couple of days. Daddy seems to be really worried about me lately.  
Daddy got a chipmunk in his trap be4 I had a chance 2 release him. He's taking him 2 the park right now 2 let him go. He was so cute 2. 
is goin back 2 sleep  -R.I.P Auntie
This bad storm just came out of nowhere and is messin with my power  -R.I.P Auntie
Funny how easy it is to buy off your 9 year little daughter, all to keep her from her Dad, on his weekend. 
Craving subway so bad right now. Mum left without me, 
Wish I didn't miss a freakin wk of school at the beginning. Screwed my entire school yr up. Dad, you can come back now. 
Me: Titip doa ya Om! Uncle: mau didoain apa? Me: Dad.. And then I burst into tears. kapan ya bs nda nangis tiap nyebut nama Papa 
just learned via tweet that my bif is watching Grandma's Boy with @cciraldo and @cnhorsley. i myself am studying for women's studies 
On my way 2 Jersey...visitin my stepmomz &amp;&amp; the rest of the fam...I jus wish Daddy was here  !!!!
Shitty night. Dad has yet to come home and the best friend leaves tomorrow  ima go try to get some rest now.
I suddenly want to make a youtube fanvideo, but I don't have my Dad's laptop. 
missing my Daddy. 
Dropping the kiddo back off w/ his Mum tmrw. Another bash tmrw at my place, too late to make it a theme party 
I miss you Grandma 
Mother's Cookies are back?!? Pfft! I just had some Taffy ones. They tasted like crap! F**k you kelloggs! 
Finally caught the vole that was running around my room last night, Dad wouldn't let me keep it though 
although we are one castaway down this weekend  Mikey is with his Mum 
Off to enjoy the day with a fabulas Uncle! pitty its raining 
Mum just had a car accident 
In aldis - casual much?! Daddy wont buy me the sims 3  dont worry im brilliant at persuasion :p x x x
In aldis - casual much?! Daddy wont buy me the sims 3  dont worry im brilliant at persuasion :p x x x LOL http://tinyurl.com/n3p6q9
Dad has hired a carpet cleaner so I've been turfed out my room to go and revise it the bloody cold conservatory 
Today i have my Gramma's funeral, so I'll be out all day. 
@sophos80 My Grandfather passed away last night.    
Grandpas funeral  im lucky to have NWFC and kerrie hartnett as my support.
I wish I had the energy to want to take care of my Grandkids....I don't lately 
@MrPoofyPJPants I always get headaches, never had a proper migraine til this week though. Dad gets them, thought I'd avoided that trait 
is at about 150 total now. Grandmother is scheduled to move to assisted living or nursing home next week. 
Going through Grandma and Grandpa's house this afternoon...  ... Hopefully Dave will cheer me up after
Momma martini is being a ho. She won't leave cause of the thunder. 
Waiting for dad to come. At 1am++ at night, I got stared by 3 hooligans within 5 minutes. I (L) Daddy. 
@google Why does it take so long to get a check from you? You're like the alcoholic Uncle that mails my bday check 2 weeks late 
If you leave Daddy in the car, Daddy gets bored. 
I wish I could get Sims 3. But my Dad doesn't let me install games on computers. 
Pizza and hanging out tonight with the family. Dad leaves tomorrow. 
@officialTila u say u read and respond to everyone's messages but u ignored Uncle Farkus's last one 
Grandpa  is out already, but says he still feels awful  he looks peculiar and is standing strange but is okay for now
Headed to go hang out with my Dad 4 my  Graduation celebration, I'm runnin late I hope he's not mad  
Dad is recovering well from his hip replacement...I feel guilty not being able to go visit him 
going home from Grandma's house carsick 
@Sunfire2109 @Haunt1013 - awww. Yuck to the fly eggs. Dad shot the mother  I found the nest &amp; we all felt responsible. Mom not thrilled.
I miss my daughter who flew two states away with he Grandma to visit her cousin. 
Madee and I are nite nite We miss our Daddy 
Pretty good day...looking forward to seeing my Daddy 2mrow now! It was a long bad day for him. 
@LuLuie Dad actually taught me properly finally! I can drive sweet now but i have to go slowly. 
Mum's telling me to get off the computer 
Mama's not gonna buy me my magic bullet blender  but on a consolation, she bought me $21 worth of m&amp;s junkfood :-D - http://tweet.sg
I can't sleep alone!!! I miss my boyfriend.  come home already Daddy!!
Grandad has lung cancer, Grandma's diagnosed bone cancer, and now aunt has been diagnosed with ovarian cancer.  Chillin' solo. 
Grandad has lung cancer, Grandma's diagnosed with bone cancer, and now my aunt has been diagnosed with ovarian cancer. 
Mum made me tidy my room 
will Deplurk! (bye) Dad has to use the pc na  Hawwwfffft. I will be texting nalang Vincent.  I love you so... http://plurk.com/p/z2o5k
Mum just been on the phone to some random about holidays but after about 10 minutes we cant go when we want to go in july!! grrrr 
Uncle never made it down this weekend 
I'm eating my morning fruit bowl... Momma forgot to take the seeds out of my watermelon. 
found out today that my Granny's husband died this morning 
I miss you Granddad 
Grandpa J &amp; Nana C came over this morning and I ate breakfast with them. Then I showed them my books. They had to go back home though. 
@stacig Yes, it is! And if you haven't already, you should really watch this movie and with Daddy. Bb bold, hmm. I hate my phone 
I come back home from working a derby bout and going to a party to find out my grandma died this morning  R.I.P Grandma 
Dad went to Korea for a year. 8 yrs old weighing 54 lbs. Not good   I was wondering why she wasn't eating but she said its b/c she's picky
http://twitpic.com/6u5xh - Llandudno weekend Mum and Dad used to bring us here on the way home from our hols feels sad 
Mum's in hospital and I'm not too good 
@kaylcgirl Yah, he told me, it was pretty messed up  I used 2 sit in my bunk or the 'metal lounge' &amp; I would blast TFOT &amp; Ozzy 4 yr Dad ha
Grandpa seems to have broken my Prius...I loaned it to him and now I have to go pick him up in Brea! 
Mum discharged yesterday after major op and needs daily blood thinning injection - no sign of district nurse 
Dad is still in the hospital... please pray for him. 
Sitting and drawing for the first time in a few days. Weird. Comf's Grandma is also going a little crazy since she's got Alzheimer's 
Going to write the blog article first thing tomorrow Dad's watchin the election in my room 
Grandfather, you'll be okay 
Dad's ranting on our satelite service again 
At Grandma's. Parents are at a Graduation party without me 
Hair Saloon time says Mum. Cannot look like a hippy no longer says Mum. 
Jaden had to go home with his Daddy tonight because I wont have a babysitter tomorrow, which sux cus I want to spend time with him 
My puppy went 2 go spend a day with her Auntie though it's so boring without her  @BModelesque almost called 4 her &amp; she's not here lol
Worried about my Dad. 
had to go to her Granny house at 1 am because there's no Light in her house 
The follower I lost today will never know I came up with a Dad gift idea! This realization calls for two emoticons -- :-O and 
Mum is back, but what about darling? 
back at work after a great week-end... 7 weeks before holidays  But Mum is visiting me, means movie and restaurant tonight!
@wickedmemories in the morning. She thinks they stil young enough 2 be domesticated. Mum will be sad when they gone 
Mum's bugging me t go shoppin w/ her. Spare me. I just wanna stay home and rot. I'll miss e family for an entire week! 
@siouxcool And Mummy will always remember Daddy forgot to put his hat on him! 
@samanthablews oh my god, I might die. Mum said no more shows after tai / anberlin till I finish school.  I can't miss william doing an
I'm going to visit my sick kitten Nacho when Dad gets home. He's at the Vet. He's wearing a plastic collar. He has a catheter in him. 
Dad was at QE Hospital at 12.00pm and is yet to complete his check-up... I hope he is fine with the long hours.. 
@FTMama yeah thanks! That &quot;someone&quot; should be their Dad, but he was too busy having fun this weekend to help out. 
My life is so complicated right now. I really wish I could talk to &quot;him&quot;. Everything is always so much clearer then.  R.I.P Grandpa I &lt;3 U
@rahulrakesh: I've it wrkng but shutting off every now &amp; then, have to go into parents' room to switch it back on, Dad is getting peeved! 
Adventures With Grandpa is making me sad today  he keeps talking like he thinks my grandma is alive...he's way more confused than the...
is going to go see Mamaw later...then I have to run tonight  
Little_man:&quot;Daddy, come play with me!&quot; me: &quot;I have to take care of clients&quot; Little_man: &quot;I want you to take care of me&quot; me: 
just got off the phone with my Daddy Doodle. I miss him.  http://plurk.com/p/114ons
@SquareSpace C'mon guys this Mama needs a new iPhone (mine was stolen)  #squarespace
Dad just tells me we are leaving for georgia tomorrow  a whole week without my computer!
praying for my friends Dad 
Dad is in surgery  at the hospital waitin
Dad left today, turns out 7 days wasn't long enough 
Dad getting sworn in. I think its illegal for me to be texting in the courtroom.  lol
arg Dad wants laptop which means i have to go 
I kinda want to go vist Aunt Chrissy and Uncle Ray now but I don't want to be stuck in NJ for 2 months. 
I hurt so much, sunburns are the devil.  Anyway, going to do something with Dad tomorrow, so possibly later today.Who cares, my face hurts
Dad is getting on my nerves so bad. 
Dad I miss you  
Bleh. At Dad's. Camp this week was cancelled.  Plus, my Dad's comuputer has no speakers, so no 5AG for me. 
http://twitpic.com/7ieu1 - Trucky stays sad when Daddy goes home 
Dad is making me go to school wendsday 
@thegenerallee Yeah, but all the &quot;Case of the Mondays&quot; tweets I saw I really wanted to watch it.  Grandma's Boy is in my top 5 though
Just dropped off my Dad and brother  They're leaving for two weeeeks, boooo
Just got a call from my Dad...he's back at the hospital.  Should be admitted for the night.  I should know more tomorrow. 
She'll be 21 in about a month...gonna be a Momma herself in just over a month after that.....I miss her fiercely 
Mum's making me cook, clean and all this stuff  -grumbles- stupid thing...
@brilight .......  my triangle is with my Dad now.
Cool, his name's James too (I think). Dad's gone to take The Mother to work, so no talking - yay! Just wood snapping and banging 
Dad, i really want that silver VAIO 
Dad will be home from work soon and I've only had about five minutes on the computer because I overslept 
Just 5 km from my Dad's birthplace Chenor as we pass Temerloh. Highway's nice but miss all the little kampungs along the way. 
Now he's gone for lunch with his Grandma. I was going to go for lunch at 12, but it's gonna have to be later now. 
Mum: &quot;Right, as soon as your exams are finished you need to get a haircut!&quot; oh dear 
Grandma who fought off intruders is going to auction her house/barn/land.  I was hoping to buy it and rehab barn someday, but no $$ now.  
Daddy's b-day and I can't call  this is way too sad I was always the first one to day happy b-day to my dad *sniff sniff*
@LucyAnnabel awh well it would have been the best if I was able to go to DMB  I'm still sad I didn't go. No Doubt was my Dad's idea!
Grandma just died...this week will be bad. 
I just got a phone call from the hospital. Apparently, my Dad had a heart attack last night. They moved him. He's not doing so well... 
@XtremeAuthority sorry your feeling sad about missing your Grandmother  Give her a call tonight when she gets home, you'll feel better.
@PixelArtGirl LOL I know almost 35....man! I am getting better. sad a bit right now Mum and Dad just left an hour ago 
we just drifted apart really...and he sort of found someone else  yes wine aplenty...off to the gym with my Mum!speak to you later xxx
Dad I love you, thank you for teaching me to be independent , i misss yoou 
Dad is about to leave.... 
Daddy was choosing &quot;eagle eye&quot; &amp; me,my lil bro &amp; my stephmother was (more me &amp; steph) was not in a good mood after watching, so horrible 
I miss you Nana and Grandad. (L). Urgh, why do I listen to this song? It makes me sad. 
Feeling stupidly tired, think I might be catching my Mum's cough 
What to get my Dad for Father's day?  So last minute- I'm thinking maybe a funny conservative tee?  Better start googling something fast 
Dad's band is practicing....I can't hear my music 
It made me remember of my Grandpa's farm and Uncles.  Im so going to visit my family in Texas.
Grandma attacked me to try and wipe my butt because I had a little poop on it. It's red and sore now 
Please pray for my Grandma.  
my sprained ankle is even more swollen and the bruising is expanding to the other side of my foot!!! Dad says its a pretty bad sprain  wth
wishes her Dad was here to accompany her to the doctor..  http://plurk.com/p/11hyly
i wanna change schools so baaaddddd   Mama says i should wait til the end of the year though... that would make more sense i guess.
I miss my Dad 
Daddy says my room looks like someone robbed it 
I'm back home now. About 2 hours sleep last two days. I sure hope my Dad makes it one more day. 
Suddenly reminded of my puppy that lives at Daddy's house. I miss her terribly. I forgot what it's like to live with a pet. I feel empty. 
Granny and Grandpa picked me up from school.....  always good J2O at the Wheatsheaf!!!.. then home for homework 
Mum is taking care of gerald who's appearantly home alone. Everyone's there got DBD so they left him 2 the hospital. Wish I weren't sick 
Visited Mum, now off for a bit of cricket training. Not going to be home till late tonight 
Grandma passed this morning 
with friends again  Mum's annoying me again though  don't wanna break another phone tough 
I'm the weak tit on this Momma cat. 
@DonnieWahlberg I NEED A HUG, i'm so alone. Grandma just died, nobody is here, just feel so sad and lonely,          
@tbear1121 and Baxley's Daddy will be in wilm 
Running on soooo little sleep.  2 hrs tops! Poor Ali was up ALL NIGHT crying.  Having a bad reaction to bug bites so slept with Mom &amp; Dad 
@AlohaRP Just heard from Grandma...Grandpa is sick with a cough and fever and isn't up for dinner.  Hope all is well with you too!
So tired &gt;.&lt; I want to play Sims but Dad has the laptop 
looking through Father's day cards really upset me this morning. Keep thinking about my Dad and I miss him so much. It hurts a lot. 
My sister Quincy is sick. Shes been throwing up and isnt eating much. Mommy &amp; Daddy are worried 
Sucks that I only get to see Tristan in the evenings when my Dad is home. 
My Mum just called me Beef. 
Dad makes such a fuss of eg booking train tickets online. Says it's generational but can't say how devs could make the experience better. 
Now Mum refuses 2 send me 2 skool. Mite be showing symptoms  I wonder if we'll hav 2 take those tablets ...
Waiting on news about my Grandfather, mom called telling me he didn't have much time left  struggled with Alzheimer's for years now 
I proper miss my Mum and dog. How on earth will I survive when I move out next week? 
My Aunt Peachy is in the hospital again.   I have no idea what happened yet since my Mom is on the phone consoling her daughter now.
Seeing that the 24&quot; iMac ordered for my Dad is dispatched. Shame I can't get over to set it up for him for a few weeks 
Dad called. He slipped in the bathroom and woke up 1.5 days later with blood all over the place. 
@mrscrumley I called my Dad Daddy up intil his last day! Truly a Daddys girl here  #bluebox #fitfam
In memory of my Grandmother; LaVesta Ailine Amolsch....today was her birthday. I miss you,  so much , more than you could have imagined 
@stephaniepratt Steph I'm so glad that you are reaching out to help people will these problems. My Aunt &amp; Uncle passed away from them. 
@Uncle_Trav hahahahah! usually i post things but no one replies 
Hubby had another surgery today for his kidney stone.  He is doing well for the most part.  Passed out on the floor about an hour ago. 
Grandpa,I really wish u were here 2 enjoy ur great grandson too...but I understand y u r not. Doesn't stop me from wishing tho  I wanna...
I just want my Dad to get better already 
@aidalusion I dont even get that much.. Mum n Dad are at work till about 5  ..nobody for me to play with either..hope that changes soon..
Not a good start to the day. Phone call at 5.30am. Uncle died of a seizure.  
I still haven't really processed that Granny is gone. I miss her unbelievably. 
Watching Daily Show cover Obama at the AMA.  Yes, I was looking for the back of my Dad's head.  The shot was too close 
RIP Aunt Marge. She was 103 years old. and the true meaning of life. 
@vicstar1983 I know, Ive done loads since the tour started. Dad's coming to paint ceiling so doubt I'll get any done during day today 
@byronicman Don't kill people it's bad  Daddy told me
@MarkyB27 aw  I hav to do more with friends on weekend. not sure what ill buy today!Dad's makin me drop off a parcel for him so thought
Dreamt last night Mommy told me that Daddy wasn't my daddy; why are my nightmares more disturbing than scary? 
is really cold. Dad doesn't feel the need for me to have the heating on in my room 
@kiki_the_blub : Mum and helper are fine. But.. not me. 
now I remember I haven't mailed the fathers day present. and I've had it for weeks. I hate when I do that. Dad, it's on the way...late. 
@kirbyjayne no my other aunt in Vietnam. Mum's not holding up too well  thank you so much for your messages! *big hug*
damn... just got my kids back Tues from one Grandma now they are leaving for a month for the other Grandma's house 
I'm sorry I should call them; Mum, Dad and Jeremy   Even though I love them all, its saddening.
http://twitpic.com/7pk4f - Umm... Dad? I don't think these sunglasses provide the proper level of UV protection for me. 
Heading out to take my Grandma to the doctor 
Dad and I are getting rained out of our golf game. 
Really miss my Dad today. 
@Uncle_Trav aww thanks sugar.. i didn't have time to do my make-up this morn.. 
@bmms cormin: I entered, but it said there was an error then wouldn't let me try again . . .   Daddy needs a new TV
I miss Daddy 
My Dad is having a heart cath on weds 
Auntie left me   And I had just gotten her trained again.
I miss you Daddy. 
Getting ready to leave work...a little depressed...thinking about my Grandfather...I miss him 
Both tournaments start tonight, Sam at 7:00 and Doc at 8:00.  No cleaning tonight   I hope Dad doesn't mind sleeping in the hallway.
@pelagiapais yes indeed a new start and taking each day as it comes. Missin him at wkend when he is with his Dad 
@MisterSnoop Your duckie is so cute! I still waiting for Momma to get mine.... 
@MilliMaus: And: Thatre was great, sorry you couldn't come   And my Mama says that you called?!
okay i just listened to a song and broke down crying  i miss my Dad,my sister and my uncle
@hayabusaage eww   its just gonna be you and your grandma eating that cake. Grandmas and great aunts like baked grapes
Closed dead Aunt's bank account today. So final... 
Dad, stop tgis. She has to work to keep us alive.. 
Dad, stop this, she HAS to work to keep us alive 
Momma in the hospital 
@Uncle_Trav: LoL!!! Wow, just once in a while?!!! 
My chocolate shake fell all over my Dad's van. 
Little ones are in bed, hopefully having pleasant dreams! What should mommy do? Daddy's away on business. 
My baby is 10 tomorrow and I have to work.  Dad is throwing him a party.
At Uncles's funeral 
watching friday the 13th with my Daddy, he wont be home for Fathers day.. 
Grandma is at the hospital after coughing blood... 
work is how Daddy makes the money. never mind he wakes up considering it as well, little sick one . 
@meshamediani Mama hasn't take my report yet  kpn jalan? tgl 26 sti udh pergi!!!!
Watching Grandma's Boy, &amp; checking my emails......gonna start to write a letter to my fiance, i miss him so so so much.....  
Breaking up with my iPhone!  She's good but I'm leaving her 4 a younger, faster iPhone tomorrow. Come to Daddy 3GS! (via @LouRamirez) #fb
Having arguements about redecorating the clinic~ Daddy has such bad taste 
Yikes! Dad just told me that he hopes to live to see me give him another grandchild. Ouch, my ovaries 
I think Dad's home 
Gramma in the hospital&amp; i'm torn between 2  this is horrible!
My Dad is now in ICU... 
Just dropped Mum and Dad off at the airport...  Back to work now I guess...
@Fmat I'm not going - Debz and her Dad are.  I'll be off to Hades later 
My son is not feeling well  We know hes is already healed, got is humidifier on his vicks on &amp; he took his baby meds &amp; I luv being a Dad!
@kbcraigs Tell Dad - George doesn't come here much anymore; he's fighting lung cancer.   He works from home - only here once a month now
@Mama_Gedlu well at least it got better I'm home sick 
Morning all. Last day of having eggies for brekkie. Dad is very grumpy today. Not sure I can cope with this 
@TheCrystalLady Awww thats horrible  Mum has the same problem. They will not do anything for her heart until she looses weight - sad
testing something so I called my home phone from my iPhone, then I started talking too myself,  me to Mum: &quot;bitch hung up on me! wait...&quot; 
Mum cooked beehoon soup! But got a lot of peas and carrots and corns 
I miss my Grandma a lot and I don't want to say goodbye... 
Grandma finaly passed away this morning 
8 years ago today  R.I.P. Dad, I love you.
I miss my Dad. 
@acinomonica nope, not televised. Goodluck to my celpown bill. Uncle Toni wants Rafa to go home 
my Grandma is sick!!........... so sad!!     :  (
Dad just agreed 2 DNR  but that is what he wants.
sad news  gary Poppa passed away
Grandpa's doing a little better but he had a fall last night.  he also got a biopsy to check for tumors and cancer T_T
@Mama_Gedlu can I come too 
http://twitpic.com/7ugwb - lol she's cute, i miss her and Daddy too, damn i miss my little family 
Grandma's going to the hospital 
Dad has cut of my wireless internet 
I'm so freaking hungry. But Mum made stupid fish and mac'n'cheese. 
@itsruthieyo Aww poor Auntie 
Mikey went to sleep with Mom &amp; Dad and I feel so empty. I miss him here in the house 
@DCMABNIKKI LMFAO! ur Grandma is the bomb! never had a grammy 
Dad can't fix my hot tub pump  anyone have a spa pump/heater they don't use?
thinkin bout my Dad and wishin I had the power to heal all sickness 
sleep early tonight...visiting Aunt in hospital early in Philly. 
Aunt Rose... Where are you... 
My Mom told me that I must school in Belitung Island..! And my Dad ist's up to me... Huuhh.. 
so gran torino just made me cry  the ending is so sad!!!
tidying up the flat for Dad and Olga's arrival. Crickets have been hidden under my art desk 
My Grandma just died this morning 
Dad caught a mouse in the kitchen this morning  YUK!!
Mum wont let me go on her comp argh! 
Still feeling a little sad today, my Dad upset me before and now I feel really teary 
@JessVanDen your poor Mum   I hope she is feeling better soon
Aw.  @ Grandma_whale
@charpolanosky I asked Dad if he still had that original Apple II &amp; he gave it to our neighbor after I graduated. Worth $ now I bet. 
I love you Grandma 
miss her Dad, because Dad will stay up late at night with me! 
I'm having a very bad time, trying to get my Dad a chimenea for fathers day  any other suggestions??
Dad is home. Party's over.  
Um about last again but guess what another one for Dad  im rubbish at horses! Oo yacht. So I'm okay really with one sorry 3rd!
@glennbeck Hubby not with me on this, tho' he liked your stage show.Thinks Obama firing IG illegally was a technicality, maybe more 2it 
Spending today with Daddy at home.  No walk cause it's raining.  
is hoping that Dad's L4-L5 heal soon... 
IS about to take my Daddy to the AirPort 
Had a wonderful evening with Dad and @iamcandygirl. A perfect way to usher in Dad's birthday tomorrow. Got a really tough week ahead. 
Dad you start off by following ten people lol you can block them and yes i will 
Not getting my hair done anymore... at the ER.  Grandma is here  
Ugh. Dad's car is a piece of shit.  LOL
Hubby has to work on online class so I gotta get off the computer-  and the kids are even napping! So quiet! Better go scrapbook...
@Minder_Athwal Weds my Dad gets here, no chance 
what is 93 degrees??? Kawawa naman ang Daddy...  http://plurk.com/p/12j0z1
&quot;Mom, let's build kites out of newspaper!&quot;    Do they hv some kind of Engineer/Big Brother program that I cld sign my  kids up for?
Grandma said she found a whataburger, which almost gave me a heart attack, but she just got it fixed up with some other 'burger joint'. 
doesn't think today could get much worse. I miss you Grandpa. 
Momma's sick.   I better learn how to type if I want to keep tweeting!
Just got back from a mountain run with my Dad. ~250miles for me today. My Dad scratched his bike, and I put a mark on my frame slider. 
missing my Daddy 
Someone put baby birds on our driveway on a towel . . . I wish I could transform myself into a Momma bird so I could take care of them. 
Momma is sick  wish I could go see her
picking up parents at airport.  Dad's having hart palpitations... I'm driving them from the airport to the ER.  
Missing Dad (RIP in the arms of the Lord).. btw Liverpool didn't win it this year  Pls do consult with Shanks and Paisley. Cheers Dad!
Miss you Dad.. RIP  
@Tricexbaby )))) aww  they just wanted to spend time with their Aunt  lmaoo @ your dad though....
@billbeckett And now I'm hungry and Grandma locked the doors ;_; You're mean 
Lunch now at QC Sports Club w Mom. Missing Dad. 
Apparently Daddy loves driving my car more than his own car.Which is totally find,IF he'd told me first.Drive mybaby with feelings ya,Pa 
Smfh . Damn Its Daddy Day .  RIP Daddy iLy &amp; Miss U
missing Dad on Father's day.... 
My Dad is the best! He's letting me go to Warped Tour in the city! I wish I could joke around with him like I do at home. 
Spending fathers day without my Dad... 
Wishing I could spend tmrw with my Dad in AZ, I miss him  I am truly blessed to have such a great guy in my life! Happy Daddy's Day!
Listening to Daddy's coming home - Dpride, Thinking of ways to make some money 
Dad has been gone about 13 years and I still miss him. 
Mum says it is too hot and I am too naughty to go for walks in the mornings 
@HowlingWoman ah!! I see! How long ago did Dad pass over?  I'm sorry! ..
Predicament. I have a ton of school work. How do I tell my Dad i don't have time to take the train down to see him for fathers day? 
http://twitpic.com/7ziiw - Mom in Machu Picchu... And they didn't take me!! 
@amandaxrae Missed the moment I guess Babe... Heartbroken.... 
@Gerri_k Dad's in Minnesota and I didn't even have money to send him anything  hopefully will have some when I go out there this summer
Oh noez ! And I didn't even have time to buy new clothes. Dad wants his computer back  Why is my computer broken !! Why ?
Grandma's on the way to the hospital.... hopefully everything turns out ok! 
Momma dont like the green pants 
All I can say is the time difference between here and the US SUCKS! I want to call my Mum and Dad so bad 
Grandpa's sick  I'm so worried.
Mum woke me up early cause it's fathers day  we're taking dad out for breakfast or something
I miss my dad  Lost him in 2000. He was my best friend. RIP Dad. X
Candle alight in memory of my Dad, this day gets even more difficult as does any other day without him..............xxxx  
Dad loved his fathers day gifts.....but he has to go play his bagpipes with his band today for &quot;Music in the park&quot;! 
http://twitpic.com/7zvn2 - Daddy and Son... as you can see I am to big to play on it 
 Didnt calld Dad
Missing my Dad! 
Dad having fever again.. Not looking too good 
is slowly realizing the fact that her momz is moving to Europe to join Dad tmrw and she'll be living alone..getting abit sad. 
I wish my Dad were here so I could say it in person  I guess phone calls are better than nothing.
My Dad is working and has been since 5am.   he won't be back till 5pm tonight. Crappy.
Money, money, money... If only I had enough of it so that I could swing through it like Uncle Scrooge 
I want to wish my amazing Daddy a very very very happy berfday! I love you, Daddy!!! I wish I were there   @kencarlisle
wants her Dad to get up 
getting ready to go to the Mets game with my Dad.  I hope it doesn't get rained out 
misses her Daddy everyday 
Cuz I'm a great daughter like that, I'd give my dad an iPhone for Dad's Day, but he'd prolly call me a lot for tech support.  #squarespace
Spending the day celebrating graduations, birthdays, and honoring all fathers...miss you Dad 
So wanted to suprise my Dad for father's day...he's not in the house... 
Idk but I'm not in da best of moods today :/ I'm hatin it..Today my son sees his SoCalled Dad after over 2 yrs..I thought it would b easy 
R.I.P. Dear Grandma 
wanna greet your Dad and all the Dads out there a happy father's day! and of course my dad 2. i mizzz u much pa.. wish i can hug him.. 
@hydrangeabell no  but Dad granted me special permission for my honeymoon. 
#myfather was blind and taught me to see with my heart! I love and miss you, Dad 
@DAREvolutionary I am an aunt but not a mother, I have Dad who lives with the angels along with my grandparents 
I miss my Daddy 
dag yo my Daddy is sooooo old. makes me sad but that's life.  at least i knew him for 23 years and counting. so i'm blessed.
Nothing exciting to update. S&amp;E have gone home  Miss you much! It's Dad's day today and cleaning day 4 me b4 next weekend in NYC.
wishes my Dad were here so I could hug him today. 
I bought my Dad a huge card and I spelt &quot;fathers&quot; wrong 
R.I.P to my Dad. I miss him soooo much 
Making breakfast. Dad's at work  but ill see him later!
Its Daddy day and I'm working and not being wif my daddy 
HaPPy FatHErs DaY to all the strong men that is taken care of business!!! I miss my Daddy 
HaPPy FatHErs DaY to all the strong men that are taken care of business!!! I miss my Daddy 
Watching Air Bud. Mum, Dad, I want a dog!! 
had a wonderful night but woke up and realized that it's Father's day today and I can't phone my Dad.Feeling a lot of sadness in my heart 
Getting ready to go see my Grandad ... I hate how dehydrated you feel after a night of drinking 
I miss my grandad 
@richardlai I would speak to my Dad but I would need the help of a Medium. 
I miss my Daddy 
Still need so food! The Beef was the small on from tesco yummy...Mum didn't get me fizzy cola bottles from Asda  Goin' downstaires now xxx
Happy Fathers day to any Daddies out there. I miss Dad today a year ago he passed we have our second fathers day without him 
Had a great day with Carla and her Dad.  I'm missing my Dad today 
I wish I was going to new york with my Dad 
Ugh, didn't get to Dad soon enough.  
I'm not a Dad 
Missing my Dad  x
studying gross anatomy - wishing I could be with Dad 
I miss my Dad. 
fell asleep before I could enjoy Dad's Bones (tm).  
Just finished chatting with Mum bout her Dad, my Grandad... now he on the other hand is a complete P**K!!! Today's just a Sunday to her 
Excited! Dad is teasing me 
Grandma's here, hanging around and saying me what a fool I am.. Family's supposed to make us feel bad... that's why they are family... 
Lunch at a bar with my Dad...but no drinkies.  Aw!  
Dad ran over a cardinal 
Really wanna go some where, but with this stupid cast on my foot, Mama isn't gonna let me go any where! 
Grandpa is in the hospital again. Dammit. 
I barfed on the floor and Momma is mad.  I'm sorry, Momma, I'm sorry.  
Aunt missed the collision train by 2 trains. The accident looks very bad. 
Soooo sleepy  crashed on the couch rockin some American Dad
Missing my daughter Paige, she is with her Dad for a few more days   We're going to Hershey when she gets back for alittle R&amp;R
this reg medicine isn't wkin I want my Mommy... &amp;  My Daddy 2 ck me n bring me som perscription Meds Damn where r they now 
Daddy flew off to Thailand 
There was a banana spider living in our kitchen. Daddy killed it instead of just shooing it outside.  (I like banana spiders.)
Grandpa + 88 years old + fall = broken leg. Not good. 
I ended up helping my Dad this afternoon, putting furniture back and as a result i bruised my finger nail for dropping the telly on it 
@tiffernynee I hope so, they are pretty mopey today. Makes me feel bad - they are sad to miss out on friends and then no Daddy 2nite. 
really bummed...cant go work warped, thanks Dad. 
Grampa godzicki's wake thursday 2pm at steuerle.  
Just off the phone with my Grandad - I miss that half of my family 
I'm really worried about Mum 
Wondering why my best friend Isnt Txting me back             *Auntie*To*Be*
Very worried. Calypso isn't doing well. She was lethargic this morning and didn't even greet Dad when he came home. I hope she's okay. 
Dad didn't paint. he just sat and watched. 
boo, phone line is broken so no internet   At least Mum's is still working 
Dad's in the operating room right now...hope all goes well 
Is going to thank her Daddy and in good faith for about to get this Impala! LOL I see it, want it, get it!! C'mon Daddy don't let me down 
Just found out my Grandpa has less then 6 weeks. 
Sitting here feeling like I'm coming down with something. Not going to the hospital to visit Grandma then 
@taytay_r I don't know! but I don't think my mom will allow me   I love paris I would love to go with my Dad, I miss him a lot
@tszcheetah Aunt passed away... 
@kirbythecorgi @gingeebee It wasn't easy, but Momma's couch was SO MUCH FUN!! Fluffy bits everywhere! Daddy stopped me from chewing his. 
C'mon Daddy, leave the house! 
No can do... J8 everyone can't come over 2morrow... Mama is sick  I have to look afta her...I hope she feels betta
Nyagh, Dad just saw me naked 
@Homdaum sorry to hear about your Mum  - hope the treatment is a success
 Friend's emailed me a list of signs you're middle aged woman and I relate to 90%... incl. forgetfulness ...so I am now becoming my Mum
Dad's funeral is today. 
So many people's Dad's having bypass surgeries these days!  Positive thoughts and prayers for your dad, @turinrob
Missed me guys?  Also had TWO huge nosebleeds today  Mum taking me to docs this afternoon, oh the fun.
@Dez4jc Awww... sorry...  I'll do better... I love you Mommy...
Taking Grandma to chemo today. I hate hospitals. 
i really really hope my Mama gets better 
Dad's is getting out of the country again... 
Burying my Grandmother this week! 
Dad and mom will have a trip to Macau. So jealous!!! I have to wait until July 16    Wish GOD will keep them save on their trip.
My family are little shite-ers. Including Daddy. 
it makes me very sad and depressed to know my Dad planned to come to Leia's bd party this weekend but will not be there for it. Very sad. 
No beach today  stupid stanky weather. Out and about soon. Momma can't make me clean forever..
wishes Momma wasn't suffering at work 
Afraid Dad will shout at me. Logged him out of Gmail... 
Mum, if you're reading this I just want you to know I think you rock.  We shall enjoy the 400 together 
Going to my Nan and Grandad's today!! YAY! 
getting ready for another family get together at Dad's Glorietta. 
@Uncle_Fista I could always go through it with you man 
My Dad's GPS died... trying to decide which new model he would like best. Tough decision even for me. 
Listening to Leo and Daddy play the piano 
Appa Murphy is cuddling with Mommy  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6125365
HUGE coffee at work...hanging with Dad this afternoon 
These 2 sampler cds i picked up from the mudblast registration table rock. Some r new artists to my ears. Daddy likes. 
@heatherfeather0 Happy B-day Heather's Dad!! Hubby's dad's B-day is the 14th  My daughter will be 3 on the 28th 
@divabat Hahahaaaaa! I'd like to meet your Mum someday, and talk about Oprah with her, Her likes and Dislikes, and here her opinion on it 
got my sweet baby girl with me today... I'm in Mommy Heaven. 
Not off to pickless no more, off to steves farm for a while  Mum &amp; Dad gone into leeds, brother workin, so am all alone!
I'm getting ready to chill out and make some lunch and spend some quality time with the Daddy tonight. 
Dad: I know, I want one haha  A-day Game! Yay football! 
@KellyShibari @ShamelessAngel All I know is that you are both very blessed and your Daddy's have great rocket sauce. No Offense 2 Daddy 
just asked my Dad why we never wash our van. he just said you can't polish a turd lol 
eating some deer meat chillin' with Dad and Chance. 
@honk4peace Ahh, Momma life hasn't been the same since the ol' partner passed. But it's been a fun ride, re-living my youth. 
She did not, in fact, bring Dad.  But she thought about it. 
Grandson's over for the weekend. Something about that child just makes me smile. 
It was storming too hard and Pfunk's outta state so me and baby came to Mommy n Daddy's House   Nighty Night, Twitterpals!
@Uncle_tom don't get ahead of yourself. 
Finally home... Long day that ended with a smile... Congrats to my uncle &amp; aunt who are now REVERANDS Uncle &amp; aunt... 
Daddy said we could pull out his acoustic &amp; electric guitars and I can learn to play  so excited!
ssshh...Dad just woke me up early. Everone is still asleep.  We are going to go for a ride and get some coffee 
Gossiping  &amp; waiting for lunch to be served!! Daddy cooked.. mmm bring me the plate pls!! Yumm..
back in KL - had a great birthday lunch for Grandma. cake with 88 candles! we all helped to blow it out. 
Made a herbal remedy for athletes foot with Ma today for my Dad. Here's hoping that it works  Fingers crossed.
@kittyfung will pray for your refreshment as you find time to hang out with your Heavenly Daddy one on one. 
@joykimbrell  Did Andy and Dad admit their issues with &quot;number lock&quot; ? 
Dad's southern white trash accent is par for this course. 
Wally world with my Momma. 
@JKatieMarks; Dad is worried about Ethiopia 
@roopambahl You got a cute pic. Mum lookin better 
04/20/09 Monday; Mommy have bought the enrollment fee and the books with the help of Daddy carrying the books 
My Mum is coming home from hospital today after 8 weeks in Barts! I am a very happy bunny 
@llordllama  My Dad just said &quot;sometime we're going to have to have a serious conversation about this&quot; - &amp; so cybermen ushers were banned!
Had a great weekend with Daddy home.  Nana here this week to play with Emma 
waiting for Mum coming here with me 
Getting a massage &amp; lunch with my Aunt 
@UrbanInspireOrg my nieces and nephews inspire me to be the best i can be! I want them to be proud to call me Auntie 
@nerdist http://twitpic.com/4dq5z - Daddy is that u 
Maybe I should go to sleep. Yay, it's the weekend, Daddy's turn on the couch. I am so down with that! YAY!! 
Going to my Grandmother 
Daddy:yo momma! Kathy:why do u always gotta say yo momma?! Daddy:cuz YO MOMMA! 
Spending the weekend in FLauderdale~Grandson's  3rd B-day 
http://twitpic.com/4ec57 - Just like my Daddy's old car 
My youngest daughter saw a Bosley commercial and said &quot;Dad, that's like your hair?&quot; ...I love you too, little girl. 
@brandiandboys Excited for you.  I bet the boys have been missing their Dad!  Praying for his safe travels home!
Sitting in my grandfathers house listening to LadyGaGa. Grandfather looks startled. Ohwell. 
Stayed up too late working on a story for my next script. Only to be awakened by my 4yr old saying &quot;time to get up Daddy&quot; 
Dad and I are in my baby.  I love sports cars!
Mum I love you 
Cooking Mama frustrates me so. I'm getting loads better a peeling potatoes though 
Painting Mum's room with new feature wall. It look good. Still pretty tired from flight. Loving Tivo and pets though. 
Mama's home! I missed her. 
Just had my first IM conversation with my Dad. Gotta love technology....and my Dad. 
In stead of playing Dad's crap, he's playing death cab. What a guy. 
Dad let me drive the suburban today finally! Haha 
LoveHome. Mama T makes the best food 
@vickycornell http://twitpic.com/4e7h1 - Absolutely gorgeous....Daddy's little girl! 
wakey wakey...I'm going to eat some bac-ee and coffee...got a long ass day in front of me with Daddy Burnett 
Dad's new website I made with iWeb  http://www.juanpons.com
*whew*...just getting home...had a great time celebrating Dad's B-day 
@jaybranch  Hey thats good, my Daughter's still asleep and Son is drawing, better feed him v soon 
I Miss Daddy and Mommy 
@toddcnichols ~Congratulations Daddy 
@benny_bennett gotta go drive my Dad around today, but i'll be back this afternoon. 
Night of the cookers with my dad 
@esoterismo My Dad told me music that has the power to heal the soul. Sure is true of yours 
the mum's cake is done.. now i need make a good luch and tomorrow will be an amazing Mum' day 
Dad and Mum are heading that way and I normally jump in the middle and thash about a bit while having cat chasing dreams 
Dad's retelling his saskatoon m&amp;g story, love hearing what the guys said to him  I never heard any of it
I love my daddy. Dad's are so under appreciated by their daughters these days ... Not mine. 
Baking cakes with my Momma! ) 
I'm so sleepy now...g'night! HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to your Mother, Mama, Ma, Mommy (whatever you call them. LoL) from Mie! 
Best day at park for Mother's day -- love my Mum to bits!! Massive weekend tho -- wee bit weary but super content! 
Mama? you're the best thing that ever happen to me. thanks for everything  &amp; and sorry for hurting you... I LOVE YOU!  &lt;3
Happy Mommy's Dad Mommy  watching the football  Yay The Eagles Are WINNINGGGGG  they better keep it up *sigh!
@MrsMW Really worth watching at the cinema.  Mum really enjoyed it 
Feeling very grateful for such a great Mum, and family 
have you ever met a guy thatv was everything you want and need but you never really went for it w/ him ? g'nite Daddy 
Hubby just arrived. We're getting ready for Ranchero's. 
@dalekwidow I'm hearing lots of good things about the new Trek movie. I'll see if my Dad, &quot;a fellow Treky&quot;, would like to see it 
@gobo2905 I jumped out of bed and forced my Dad to put it outside (he refuses to kill them..). Cos i'm a wimp 
Dad just walked in on me singing.. and my voice is shit coz of my throat. bahahha its shitty anywaysss 
Going home to see Mama 
finally the weather is sunny! What a great day for Mothers day  Bought my Mum perfum and a shower gel (together with my little brother)
Watching the final of Shipwrecked and might do some photography with her Dad later 
@thisismysong Auntie gave me a ring yesterday 
cure for raging headaches -- Mum's home cooking 
woke up to whispers of, &quot;Dad?  Dad? Where do I put the flower?&quot;  awww.  My bouys are totally not that type!  
@MissBeckala  oh no, sorry to hear about your Dad. I have a plan for getting you and @aplusk back together, muahhahahaha. 
@techiekat Coolio  when I get back to my Mum's tonight and get a decent connection i'm going to re-email my stuff to him just in case.
@EastTNRewards I luv it, U had a smart Grandmother 
Dad wanted a glock handgun. He's getting a tractor cart. 
@JeremyHerbel My Mum would beat your Mom in a cage wrestling match if she were still alive. 
chillin with my Momma! 
@ClaireQA  Hey Sweetie!   I missed you today.  *to Claire's Mom*  Happy mother's day again.  
just got back from my Grandma's house, going on youtube now then watching TV 
my mom is a darn lovely dame. to you Mama. 
@julieschappert You know where to message me, Mama!  
@laineyspawtique phewww Mama said otherwise she take her in a heart beat 
Dad made awesome dinner tonight. I love visiting him. He's the best dad in the world 
Mum just came into work with shoes n a bag for the wedding tomorrow. Yay no frantic shopping after work 
@EsmeAnneCullen Thankyou Grandma  I love you &lt;3
Dad is bringing us to Manhatten tonight. Hah on a plane, i wish. But I'd settle for the Fish Market at J8 la. 
at work.... great time last night  Looking forward to W/E tonight and Mom coming home! Dad and Cody home tomorrow!!! 
@nellclothing I'm with your Dad on that one. 
Daddy went out to buy me a coke float. Yay! 
Granddad can finally eat semi-solid food after abt 3 months? And may be discharged soon, its been too long 
All the girls skated sooo good!.. I got 2nd yahh  CONGRATS julie! Uncle chris miller 5 years in a row! And yay Bucky for his first win!
is now off to Aunt's house.  (bye) http://plurk.com/p/ub2w8
Dad just gave me rich tea finger biscuit, very nice, just drinking his cup of tea, dont think he has seen yet 
#Eurovision. Have u learnt some russian words now? Babushka = Grandma 
Dad's birthday!! 
Otw home for a much needed rest  It's been a long and awesome weekend  Thanks, Dad 
Grandma made some delicious brunch!  Just moved everything out of the car. Preparing for a fun filled day of organizing!
Showering, Atown with Daddy later for shopping, then out to dinner at Grumpy's 
hahahaha wooop! in my new room, it's sooooo lovely  thanks Dad xxxxx
My grandma's coming tomarrow! 
Daddy's got a hangover  http://bit.ly/14AO2W
going to visit my Grandma  later tweets!
@simonhood1  my heart goes out to you in the loss of your dear Granny.    please try to remember all of the good things about her today 
and Raychel are off to Grandpa's house 
Mama and daddy are coming today  pimpin out ma crib . I'ma g
loving my life right now  going to see Grandma later.
Going to Bruno with my Dad. Quality time  #fb
Daddy?  I want to be a scientist!  http://xkcd.com/585/
Mum is cleaning my room for me, aha thankyou mum 
@Harishk yesh.. promoted from only Shadez to *Uncle* Shadez 
@wendywings Aw thank you love! He's with at his Dad's now. He fell asleep in my arms while we waited  Such a sweet sweaty lovebug!  &lt;3
Dad's got people in the house for bible study :-/ so I've retreated to my room with tea  http://tinyurl.com/pm4hoc
Sunday Dad's bday lunch nice to see all family - all 14 of us, we won't fit around the table soon! Baby Bella is so cute  was v tired tho
@DHughesy - Dude, major letdown after all the cut &amp; paste drama! Tell your little dude his Mom's a computer legend, his Dad.. weeelll... 
Mum's home, seemed to have a good time  I'm cracking on with work and star trek - sweet!
Hubby started a new job today. So happy for him. Beating the recession one crappy job at a time  I still feel crappy but glad he's home 
@rodengland That is how my Grandad always used to sharpen his pencils, he had such a knack with it. 
Soooooooo bored at work! The night is going by so slowly! Excited though about Dad and Mary coming, only 3 more days 
@LisaSawyer317 You are most welcome! You have the really, really proud Mama look! 
@TheRandyVicar my Dad always said the same thing whenever I sat down. 
http://bit.ly/fox-season-finales  --&gt; The Simpsons, Family Guy, American Dad in their season finales. Don't worry, they'll be back 
@jsykk Thanks a lot bro. She's a week old tomorrow. Crazy! I'm just an obsessed new Dad throwing pics up every chance I get. 
@bnycastro Thanks, Uncle Bny!! 
@TahneishaN  thanks Mama T
I just arrive at the office after lunch..need to send Grandma to her monthly trip to the bank 
Dad's going to have a Medical Mission! Yay!  Haha
Going out for dinner tonight with Daddy 
@MarkClayton711 have a great night Dad..Hi to Mum and Harald 
My 2 yo son wants to be &quot;grow'd dup&quot; so he can drink &quot;STINK&quot; (i.e. Irish Whiskey) like his Dad 
Mum and I saved a slowworm; seconds later a truck went over the area he was sunbathing on  #fb http://yfrog.com/15szsj
@ScottKilmartin Mum says &quot;thanks bloke&quot; 
Swedish Daddy, have made the best banner this year. Thumbs up. for the sense of humour in this banner campaign  http://bit.ly/9rWPK
@paperbackjack The writer-Mama challenge continues! LOL I squeak out little bits and am making slow-but-forward progress on my novel. 
Mum's piano actually plays well now  Not so much of a headache
@hen4 aw! so beautiful!! :0) what type of baby chick is it? .....Mummy is a golden hamburg bantam and Daddy is a maran. 
@OddEssay haha, Mum did keep telling me to update my facebook status 
Mum and Dad is comming home from Totnes today 
@moviegrrl - This one was addressed to Dad...who has already promised to vote Lib Dem on pain of death 
4 more sleeps to Sammy's birthday and 2 more sleeps until Nana &amp; Granddad come to stay. Woohoo! 
playing badminton in the leaving room with Daddy - to see Mummy's face 
Listening to the song my Daddy used to sing to me everynight before i went to sleep 
All my split ends have gone at last! Mum treated me to a trim when she had hers. 
@irte my Mum was a feminist back in the day... then discovered she didn't hate all men, just my Dad 
I looove my chocolate milk  R.I.P Grandma&lt;3
Took Grandad out for breakfast for his 87th! I love my famiy! 
@postsecret http://twitpic.com/5os1a - Aw, Dad, you're so sweet to your little girl. I get postcards like that from my daddy, too. 
Spending the day with Dad . 
But I get to be Aunt Kerry so I guess it's okay. 
I'm off. Dad's gonna use the PC. Nightz.  http://plurk.com/p/vhec2
TTMD today!! Haircut, lunch w Dad, down to MD w the girls  
Mum bought me a gorgeous matthew williamson dress so I'm happy now  I think I need to take it up though..
My mom (@Grama_Hen) is the best. Good morning, Mom.  #followfriday
I had a great day with Dad today. 
Dad stuff . . . hanging lamps, picture frames, art, etc. for my lovely daughters.  
Those stars, they burn like diamonds.  Grandma's surgery is tomorrow.
@julsiepop Yea still here, but I'm not locked up if your ever in the area.  Mum good I just miss her  (gay)
10 year-old ready for school. need to enroll the 2-year old. Daddy should do this tommrow. 
@Dad2_0 kettle's on! 
feels refreshed now that I talked to my Daddy... i love him so much!!! 
feels refreshed now that I talked to my Daddy... i love him so much!!! 
Just chillin... got home yesterday from visiting my Dad in TN... what an awesome time.  Who said Rednecks don't know how to have fun... 
Going to visit Grandma. Catch y'all soon 
@USelaine Eww, dishes - but a rack of clean dishes is a luvly thing.Daughter wants to make hummus from scratch this weekend - big project 
@brenda_edwards Mum gimme some followers lol 
Oh Uncle Grandpa and your flying tiger rainbow farts 
@sarahbonez Nanny cant send me to naughty corner...tell her I make her Granny get naughty....warn her!  
My Dad just emailed me to say I should check out @kcarruthers's talk on The Future of Tech. And so say we all. 
@serendipitynz lewis rocks and so does his Mum @mobostock 
My GrandMa is making Dinenr with my Mum 
