Most common words for this cluster:
[('damn', 1301), ('today', 53), ('day', 49), ('work', 47), ('na', 40), ('time', 34), ('lol', 31), ('i', 30), ('u', 27), ('car', 25), ('tomorrow', 25), ('http', 25)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Damn', 0.999964714050293), (u'damn', 0.6600736379623413), (u'Oh', 0.6331232190132141), (u'freaken', 0.6295067667961121), (u'Hey', 0.6199450492858887), (u'Goddamn', 0.6167318224906921), (u'Fuck', 0.6151847839355469), (u'Shit', 0.605452299118042), (u'Nah_nah', 0.6003462076187134), (u'Darn', 0.6000978350639343)]





Damn i am so late at filling this appraisal form, people have almost sent it .. i was so occupied in work 
I don't want to wake up early tomorrow.  Damn you, work!
Damn stiff neck, day 2 
Damn... I need to learn 
Damn blasted colds 
Damn, I just broke that wooden writing pad. which I usually uses when sketching.. and writing while on bed.. or relaxing on chair. 
Off to some real work grrrr! Like I said, wish I was still on vacation! Damn 
Damn, macbook still have problems... Now some extension are broken... airport and usb stuff... it could a problem not t have wi-fi... 
Damn, I hate getting up early  www.jumpmankicks.com
Damn its too nice outside for my car to be dirty 
What beautiful weather were having today! Now whats a guy to do in all this snow and rain? Damn weather 
Damn it feels empty now....  but I am so happy that you guys are around!   @mroda
Damn, today was the aspca wag'n walk. I wanted to go  damn sucky weather.
Damn man I really wanted a damn funnel cake 
has made the recommended improvements and now HAS 150 WORDS TOO MANY. Damn essays 
I just want to take a shower but I can't do that yet.  Damn perm!
@jpadamson  I was so sick, I was wide awake last night. Damn because I totally go out it's so nice out wtf I hate colds. ;__;
@chiefy74 Damn i'm jealous, i wanna watch the fight  i love ufc just no one knows.
@StarDiiva I know right! with his fronting ass. Damn well @least you got to chill with him 
Damn im bein kick off so my girl can twitt 
Damn splash mountin at night. Now I'm freezing 
Damn thumb is throbbing, they forgot to give me a perscription for the pain meds and the over the counter stuff just don't cut it 
Ugh Damn I have so much work to do tomorrow 
@FIAO Damn dat really hurts. . .  im really cryin. . .
boys are so Damn stupid 
@SinnamonLove http://twitpic.com/3l21l - Damn baby girl you one of my all time favorites, but you lookin busted on this pic.  the cig ...
I feel HORRIBLE.  I wish the party could've been more physical. Damn dares.
Damn, I thought I had successfully ousted that cat, but she came home 
Damn think my monitor is broken 
Damn!Damn!Damn! I don't want to miss Nidhi's wedding!! 
weekend nearly over school opening on tuesday Damn!! 
Damn, its that day again, the day before school 
Damn damn damn!!!  I can't believe it's nearly 2pm and I haven't started my marking yet!  I'm going to be at it soooo late tonight 
Damn my sons fish is about to croak. sleep with the fishes literally. poor fishy 
Damn bead shop place is shut on Sundays so no beads  boo.  Also tooth ache has returned I am gonna have to be tortured tomorrow 
Damn my head is killing me!!! 
Damn I thought my migraines were gone but they aint 
@MsAwesome i feel so bad!  Damn traffic!!
Damn my phone and its zero battery power 
have the headache from hell. Nothing takes it away, Damn hayfever 
Damn it..for the first time i never answer all the questions in my exam 
Damn it i need to quit going to bed late at night on the weekends, i cant sleep... 
I thought my proposal was nearly done...then I saw my supervisor who told me a multitude of things I still need to include. Damn 
The sun is out, there's (some) cold beer in the fridge.... Damn! I've got to go to work... 
Damn blood pressure spike. 
Damn pneumatic tyres, with their unreasonable propensity to deflate 
I am still waiting for the sky to rain on us, we sure need some cooling off! Damn it's humid!! 
Damn... I just can't seem to sleep tonight! 
Damn damn damn eczema creeping on to my face and I have no moisturiser at work 
Right. I do not have enough time &gt;.&lt; AND I woke up late! Damn it why do I need sleep  I suspect another all nighter tomorrow night.
@danlarsen Damn I'm jealous, I spent a saturday waiting for wind  beam me up scotty http://bit.ly/kpoh9
Damn. I accidentally threw a rooibos teabag into my cup. 
Damn. About to lose mobile phone power 
Damn, just realized something has gone wrong with my slideshow on my blog... 
Our manager is sick!   Damn weather changes
On my way to the dentist. Damn it! 
Damn peak hour traffic reminds me how much I miss having a motorcycle (and being able to lane split!)... 
10 hours in college today. Damn! 
off to school  Damn marlins what the heck happened last night??
bought rain boots mons ago waiting for rain, finally rains, can't wear w/ new tat on my foot. Damn 
I think my camera just died  Damn it!
Damn its gonna rain ALLLLLL day tomorrow 
@bayboy_4real Damn so thinkin bout me makes u bored??? Awww. . . 
@jordanknight Damn, I'm starting to think this BiKnightual girl should've entered the contest, but alas I have final exams next week. 
Damn these rains 
sigh. no winning tonite. I was bubble boy twice  I also had 8 pockets, Jacks or better (never aces) in two 6 man tournament games. Damn.
@nerdist when are you going to be in la again?! i totally missed you when u were here!  Damn family taking up my time!
Damn, I've lost the ability to sleep in on a saturday 
Damn, too much chilli in my chilli 
I lost.  2nd place. Damn it.
Damn, just got served by @fmonyourdial in 2k9, homie is the truth, me = 
Damn, rolled over thinking it cant be that late (slept like the dead) &amp; its 11am! I have to be up earliy tomorrow, bodyclock = screwed! 
@NickMB Damn it, sounds fun 
should really be revising for my exams. Damn it! 
Damn it feels like I got some last night, cus I'm super happy n shit!.. But the truth is I haven't  oh well.. Lol..
Damn daylight woke me up 
is out of bed is not feeling really great... Damn it... 
Damn twitter is soo slow  is it only for me ? #failwhale
Fallout3 has so rar been amazing... And then the xbox crashed! Damn you microsoft!! 
@leydon http://twitpic.com/4ef3d - nice pic! Damn trains i wannna be in london 
It's just half past nine and ppl have switched off all d lights in d train. Damn!! 
Mels got an ipod shuffle (new gen), I wants it  Damn boring old ipod touch.
I actually have to study today  Damn exams on dead days!
Damn it now I really am jealous!!!  LOL
Damn game over thus ending our title hopez....  so very sad...
Aww Damn! I would have came home if i would have known.  @kyladreamsmusic
Damn I want some starburst sour burst right now and a damn twix bar 
Damn you Hearts! stop beating me.....im getting PC'd..... 
Damn it..I'm so lonely. 
Damn I left my marmite and marmalade at work 
Damn they were playing crappy music. 
@mcvie i spent the entire long weekend at home.  but that's coz I'm sick.  Damn cold...
@Mallelou Damn...i was looking forward to your writing  oh well! have fun homeworking!
@liatbenaharon Damn, I envy you... 
Damn I hate poison ivy 
Damn, It looks like its going to rain 
Damn, I wish I were british 
SHIT! Songs of praise is on  I missed the beginning. Damn I love that show.
Damn allergies are keeping me down. 
This update seems slower. Damn. 
Damn it, didn't win the points competition. 
Damn, my mom said i could run down if you gave me the ethernet cable.  shit...great my dad is here.
@abiolatv I wish I could have gone!!  Damn college papers  lol...
Damn...I overcooked my raviolis! 
@celeb_assistant Damn son... U exposed me like that! 
Damn.  I just sliced a big cut into my leg when I was shaving.  
@one_withwings oh!!!  Damn...I forgot to add the space to make it a direct message 
Damn up so early can't sleep with drama in mi life 
Damn I'm still up 
Damn, my airtime is nearing its limits. Somebodys been using my phone without tellin me. 
Damn, so many of the new series still stuck at episode 2 
is bummed that her trip home was postponed.. stupid credit card.. stupid bank.. Damn.. I want my bed.. 
@simonPARASITE Damn, I missed the ballracer session 
Damn! I can't fall asleep  ggrr!
Damn it, now I can't sleep!  I need my nappy time so I don't sleep at all tonight.
Damn, I thought i could smell something really nice cooking but it turned out to be the smell of passion fruit coming from the birds cage 
Damn I'm sick. I have fever 
@agriggs8 Damn  I saw someone twittered about the passes but didn't know to check my email. I so could've gotten some. maybe *shrug*
Damn you rain!!! You ruin everything!! No hot tub for another week 
Damn lurgy, spoiling my bank holiday weekend 
@noesh I know!! Damn it! 
Damn illegal online movies need to work better. 
@CollegeBoyFresh word?! I so wanted to see that. Damn 
@jhillstephens You're welcome. Damn, I can't sleep. 
Missing you jansel.. Damn smh 
Damn I feel left out of all the star trek fun 
Damn goverment study  so god damn boring 
Damn government study  so god damn boring 
I'm wandering around in 6inch heels, wondering why these torture devices were ever invented. Damn breaking in shoes. 
You don't know what you do to me; you don't even understand.. Damn.. It's so hard to get you outta my system 
@ewarthale Damn - you spotted the flaw in my tweet. I'll have to push off to #wheniwerealass instead 
Damn I need a pedi &amp; I just got one neva going there again 
Damn this revision nonsense 
@mistresstokyo - yep! Damn  I know you will have fun anyways ;)
my car stayed clean for 1 day! Damn sprinklers 
Damn I just lost all my money!  I want to go home now.
I had an allergic reaction to eating bagoong.. Damn.. I'm never going to learn 
@Lissalo thats a Damn lie. I askded you a question 
I have chorro. Damn beans! 
Damn, i was so involved in my work, I forgot about an #ebay article... Now i have to buy a new one for double price 
@CraHan Damn, it's a pitty I couldn't make it to iMinds 
*Damn only 5 days to finish 2 papers...a group project...and 2 final review sheets...I'm fckedddddd* 
Damn...really bad headache from early morning! 
Damn there is so much crap running thru my head rite now .... I cannot sleep 
Damn &amp; blast just broke finger nail 
@geniusboywonder Damn! Damn! Damn!  Completely forgot about attending #netprophet 
Damn - I appear to still be in bed. Not good! 
@zoetica a hell of an accident with glass hey? Damn that description and pictures on flickr got me sort of dizzy 
@peterelst Damn, should reschedule my vacation then 
Damn it I really hate waking up in pain 
@dougiemcfly Damn you guys! i have NO money to hget to milton keynes, and its only like half hour away from my town man! 
Once again, its too sunny to be forced to stay inside. Damn 
Damn hazard perception! 3marks off! 
Damn the freakin bad weather has hit some areas and now it comming towards my area I hate it bye bye weekend   http://twitpic.com/55edn
My tongue is tingling. Damn hot soup. 
If it starts raining soon, I'm going outside for a walk. Damn, I miss having a balcony 
@FaeriBex Damn, damn hazard perception  You'll get it next time.
Damn coughing won't lemme sleep. I keep like choking on air in my sleep. Not very comfy 
Damn i need somebody to talk to nobody seem to have time for me anymore 
@DatLovelyLiz eff all that. Damn we fly out on the 12th  imma get u my reg baby shower gifts that i get everyone boy or girl! I dont go to
@FullofMyself Damn I wish I lived out there...i would have brought a bluntivity, movie, n my fuzzy slippers 
@quinniesin  I wanted to go watch it .. Damn, screw my schedule.
Still wide awake...Damn i shouldn't have takin that nap 
@justinesherry Damn! I was about to text you two hours ago to see if you were in the neighborhood, but instead I went to capital hill 
is still awake with the false hope that I'll hear from you soon. Damn five hour time difference 
Damn im still awake with the homie juicy Damn we wide awake 
@hollie__ Damn I forgot she's on today, I'm guna miss it I'm at work  Hopefully someone will record!
Damn im whoooped 
wishing I could roll rollies  Damn 3c tax
Damn internet connection!  maybe after 1 month? WTF?!
@haylz4000 Damn my plan is foiled! 
@seansmithsucks So gutted i cant make the gig tonight  Damn uni exam in the morning grrr!
Damn I only had 3 followers and I had to block one of them due to them pedalling adult material. Now im just so lonely with 2 friends 
@FACEmafia oh mannn I was tring to convince shari for dennys. I woulda be down to go. Damn. 
Damn hang over 
Damn i need some stress relief 
Why say #simpleplan over and over and over? Damn, now I've said it! It's ever perpetuating pointlessness and I'm a part of it... WAAGH! 
@zoecorkhill I want a Chinese now  Damn my lazyness!
Damn.. won't send the right picture.. 
Damn, we lost the cupfinal on penalties 
Damn crazy shin splints.  boo, the world is against me working out today.
Damn its hard when you miss someone 
@longzheng Damn, I was hoping you were going to say it was a typo and that they're giving them away daily. 
@goodvybe ok ok I wanna go!!! Damn it...... I'm sad now  hahaha
@_alps: Oh. Damn, there goes my chance of getting a new PC because bro just saw your tweet. 
Damn I have no fun partying without the maui wowwie sons 
Damn it I'm awake!!!  x
Damn it, I cant replay tweets from mobile web 
Damn, without coffee 
Damn i'm in pain, don't like it and don't know why 
Damn it. I think I'm getting sick 
Damn, I want these thongs so bad... but too pricey for the moment  http://bit.ly/j8P9o
I made loads of mistakes typing a comment on @charltonbrooker's column  I look likea  right idiot now. Damn enthusiasm.
@shaundiviney Damn, i cant get the station 
is still dealing with massive toothache....but also, still going to work... Damn, i'm tired...and in pain 
Damn my team lost... 
Damn! What was that poem. 
Damn u kasabian cancelling 
My desk lamp bulb burned out  Damn.
@LOVEChaela Damn boo boo...you ok? 
is still sore from the sore loss to the Dragons  Damn it! We could've had 'em!
Damn the chat kicked me 
Damn workin 13 hrs really eff my body up 
Damn workin 13 hrs really eff my body up  - Damn workin 13 hrs really eff my body up  http://bit.ly/gMmCY
Damn pizza jacked up my tummy this morning. Looks like I won't be eating that again any time soon 
@LeosBoots Damn it, I really need to graduate. 
Damn, some one stole the front wheel of my bike. I need to buy a bigger lock 
 out of battery .... Damn it!
@curlydena Damn you woman! I was getting lovely physio-to-the-rugby-team images there for a minute 
Tired like hell. Even skipped the gym. Damn it! 
I am so f'n mad!!! I just chipped a nail and I just got these joints done yesterday... Damn it! 
#andyclemmensen Damn it only works of it says somthing else 
Damn it, I can't find my wallet! I'd lose my head if it weren't attached, I swear to god 
@sazp SUNSHINE! Its pouring with rain here. Damn. 
@yyanis Damn =/ I would have loved it  Should be good for me next year though ;D
@digitalkitty Damn that sux 
&lt;--has once again completely drained her paypal account  Damn you etsy and ebay, why must you have such great things?!
Damn another hot ass day. I guess we gonna have a heat wave in the summertime. 
Damn. I think, the flu caught me.   I hope, I'll be able to kill it before it gets really bad.
All work &amp; no twit!! Damn!!!  
Always running late for work. ALWAYS!!  Damn. 
@JoliOwave me too! Damn, and I gotta head to the radio station by 10am 
Damn it I've let my tea go cold 
#firstrecord  double dutch bus on a 45... Damn im getting old 
Damn! The facebook poker aint loading! 
Damn lost my voice no morning singing for me 
Looks like ima have to let some shit go twitt... Damn! 
Damn. I just licked and resealed and envelope that was licked by someone else the day before. 
@DougBenson Damn! I was only one off 
Damn the cavs lost I lost sum chippaz 
Damn it! I missed 11:11 
Damn I sounded like a chick 
Damn. Wny do i have to come home to aileen watching boondock saints and its almost over... 
Damn, black kid's gone! He was tight 
Damn all you people twittering about drinking beers. Jealous 
Damn, I think @alanjmcgee's wife didn't like he had a hot stalker that used to send him sexy pictures. I'll miss him 
Damn,, I jus realised that I trashed my whole room for a freaking comb.. 
Damn it. 
@soviet_star Damn, that sucks 
Damn i have something to say and no one is listening 
Damn, 4got to turn off my alarm so I woke up at 5:45am 
My hairstylist left the salon without telling me where she was going.   Damn!
'ss back to the gym project. Finally finished ... Damn filthy hobo's always trying to eat my taco's.  !!   &lt;/3
I AM SUCH A CREEPER  I feel disappointed because of it. Damn my cyberstalking skills   the internet = no more privacy.
Damn fallout 3 is a hard game 
@TNAaddicted Damn 
Oh, ouch. That hurt.  Damn washing machine is out to get me!  &lt;.&lt;    &gt;.&gt;
@swopusa  Damn, I was hoping that was somewhere in the U.S.  
Damn. I got a math test today. 
Damn it, the guys aren't at #comet09  I hope they win though
My stomach is trying to eat itself. Is it time for lunch yet? *looks at clock* Damn... another hour 20 'til lunch. 
@jcbenge Should have caught you   Damn
oh no! my fun weekend with friends is gone! my mother has made a family weekend of it!  Damn 
Damn just spent a week whole of pay on shopping  oh well i'm happy!!!
Damn, I never knew I could miss my phone so much for 4 hours till they told me I won't have it back till then  
@olivierlacan That's awesome man. Damn, I should of sent you an affiliate link.  lol. oh well.
Damn everyones nappin on the beach. I wake up and half the crew is ko'd lol aww i wish i had a cuddy buddy tho 
Damn I hate this weather this shit sucks! I wanted to go out tonight but not n no mess like this 
Damn. It's raining again 
I know  I have no clean clothes either. And the washer's in the kitchen  Damn you #kitchenfire
after I said hi how are you she did at double take &amp; left. Damn it I should have let her look around first 
@TwoSteppinAnt Damn 
@WordofSouth Damn brah, u not happy? 
Waiting for pizza after work. Damn, there goes my tips. 
Not gonna lie, i'm going to miss high school lunches. A lot. Damn. 
@jordaaaannnn Damn i wanna see the rest!! i only saw like 30 minutes 
@cassapel Damn, I got all excited for nothing  hahaha
Damn i think i ate some bad shrimp...ughh! I'm so sick right now 
Damn mini disc busted right in the middle of recordin.  No mini mix 5 til tomm    big up @kidcutup hookin  me up with the loaner, werd!
Damn, I might have spent too much $ today 
Damn previews are so long!!  #startrek #vegas
Lakers with a 13 point lead at the 1/2. Damn. 
Damn not watching the game  but I'm buzzed !! That's a plus !
Damn. This is sad.  #jtv http://justin.tv/tvfutebol
@BrianaGucci Damn, on hit birthday.......  very sad, they actin scared, Wtf
@PatronPay Damn baby, if I knew my boos were at ur house I would came &amp; then waited for you to get home 
Damn, I got major pain on my palms from those japanese erasers. 
Damn now everybody knows how I feel about being single....damn maybe I should just settle..cause I can't have who I want 
Off of work but i slammed  my Damn finger in a steel door  my nail is going to fall off  but about to head to atlanta for the night :-p
Damn it! I took a nap that last liked 3 hours longer than I planned on... now I'll never fall asleep later! 
Damn it! I took a nap that lasted like 3 hours longer than I planned on... now I'll never fall asleep later! 
 Damn. This kinda sucks more than i thought it would. Probably not gonna sleep.
watching a naked show called eloquent beauty. Damn rancid cabin fever 
Damn man, why is my arm joint so sore. 
I miss Brian already. Damn i'm too needy. 
Damn that bike is heavy. Sakit tanggan ku 
Damn he has a girl friend. 
Why is there always something wrong with me?? Damn toe 
Damn was already in bed when people started callin wakin me up 
Damn I just lost the game again because I havnt got enough updates 
Damn @nachojohnny is making me jealous....I wanna go back to vegas 
Another loser: Damn I just lost the game again because I havnt got enough updates  http://tinyurl.com/m4mmb3
ugh... 5 am is not my best time of the day. Damn early flights.  
My hayfever is starting to annoy me again now -_- Damn! And I thought it had gone 
Damn, it looks so nice outside, but of course, I get sick and can't go out 
Damn, grr...library...CLOSED, only found out because I went there and no one let me in...gah, I hate my life! 
I missed my TRAIN! Damn it Damn it Damn it!!! Im gonna be late 4work! I hate working on weekends 
@mikeeeeymike did you see who did it? Damn man  even the case?
Damn I'm not kidding my lower back hurts! No one here to rub it! I'll settle for tylenol!  
Nothing in the middle of nowhere. Damn, I need a travel companion 
Damn you dunkin donuts! I said toasted 
Damn, i didnt bring my ipod into the store. 
@ncbiii You can wash my car then. LOL Damn pollen kills me, not a good look on my black beauty. 
Damn car wrecks 
@Efratk Damn .. you are a serious movie watcher ah..the easiest one is captain jack...  you didn't follow 
@7angela7 Damn - no sun no fun for me! I want to be in my pool too 
Damn she didnt cry 
Damnit. you need to pay for it.     im sad.   i got a perfect name and everything. Damn you second life!
Damn somerset BANGIN!! no parkin spaces anywhere 
Damn working 2nite! I want this nite 2 b over and it just started! 
@pupismyname I do this from hanging out with chris too much. Damn him. 
@crazycrayon Damn it, so did I! 
Damn 135 looks so empty 
Damn this song brings back memories. 
Damn it, I tried to start a new line by pressing enter when entering a contest, and instead it submitted my unfinished entry. 
Damn my battery is going to die soon 
Damn mosquitoes, flying in front of the screen! Why do I always forget to close the windows at night? 
Damn you sunburn! 
@GrabeelLucas Damn i wanna be there but i can't  i'm sad! love you sweetie
My little sister graduates tomorrow. Damn time flies and she's growin up. 
@sexdrugsrxr I'd be a beach bum best friend with you any day!! Damn bills! 
Damn! Damn!! forgot the system disk 
well frick. I just went and got a whole heap of new bks, only to find out my reader is so flat it doesn't even turn on   Damn it!
Damn I'm really dealing with some demons right now 
How do you write a paper on a mac? No word  I feel like an idiot. Damn technology.
Damn cavs I'm disappointed 
I'd rather see a kobe vs lebron matchup in the finals  Damn...
Wow this sucks...my king is done   Damn sons very heartbreaking very very sad
Damn cleveland what we do now 
Damn..he can't find it in his car! I am screwed! 
I think my leg is going to fall off.  What the hell happened?  I can barely walk.  Damn! 
Damn I won't be able to tweet while at work 
lack of communication! Damn, I hate it so much 
@aaronob Damn, I was trying to relate to you and ended up insulting something you loved.  
The truth is that i don't understand a god Damn fucking thing anymore. And... I need more than this. I always did. I'm sorry...  good bye.
@BigRedinTejas I was not pleased  we left in the 8th because I was so sad! Damn you barry zito!!
Studying...It is effing cold right now! Damn I can't finish my 2 essays, I have writers block 
Damn my foooot fucckin hurts and my back hurts  i neeed a masssage
Would like to go for a long walk today but @shuzzy is on call again so we can't go too far  Damn vocations!
Goshh the line for movie tickets are crazy! Damn 
@xntrek yes I am much better! Damn liz's dad is taking us out to dinner.. home made paster sounds better though 
Damn it no grraf. 
i just remembered that i left my business textbook at my office. Damn, now i need to go fetch it 
Only five days til D day, or should I say T day...   Damn tonsils!
Pigged out all weekend. Damn cold weather 
Damn my heads still spinnin!!!!!! 
@wilw Damn. I never get invited to the fun parties 
Damn time to wake up 
Just woke up.. Damn I feel sick 
@thetricktolife Damn, I won't be able to listen 
#fail at acquiring bagels.  #2 opens at 0700. Damn
Damn Damn Damn My funday/Sunday is all ova 
By @marktruax #-fail at acquiring bagels.  #2 opens at 0700. Damn
Damn, its getting hot in here. I need a man ! 
Almost won an iPhone today with 3 bux.. Damn that stupid bloxorz game I was on the last cube 
@what_tha Damn  *considers relocating to equatorial region*
Damn just realised i have more work to do before i can sleep 
Damn, my kanji flashcards are soaked after today's strong rain... 
Damn having to work in this weather! 
@mattshredmusic Damn you, it's been a while 
Damn, why do I have to leave?! 
Damn - I can tell I'm about to catch a cold. Last thing I need right now... 
Damn I losing maad Followers!! Wow.. 
@SparkzThaDon I didnt do a Damn thing last nite.. im dog sitting a pitbull so i come home EVERYNITE to walk him and feed him.. 
It's soooo nice outside but I just have no will to do anything  Damn hangover.
Damn this cold - damn it back to the 9th plane of hell where it came from 
@nebkiwi Damn you!!  I want some 
Damn I'm bored and jadas (daughter) is not here 
Damn I don't feel like atartimg this summer class tomorro 
Damn i woke up late and forgot today the bus runs every hour  i'm finna be late for work .. Not good
There aren't enough me's to get everything done  Damn falling asleep.
Home finally! I miss my bed sooooooo much! To think tomorrow I have shooting days 4days in a row! Damn it! I wanna escape to dreamland! 
Damn my face is still really swollen 
Damn I hate hangovers!!!!! No bueno! 
Damn it didn't work 
Damn, missed my 10k tweet mark by 30 tweets 
Next week! Damn I have gout  I'll be ready next week thou
Damn this is beautiful...A lil lonely tho, guess this is what happens when your not missed  
Damn i set my alarm for 12:30 in the after noon but forget to flick the switch to activate it now im waking up at 3:37pm  what a waste
@jan1121 Now i fancy noodles and have none in the house. Damn 
Damn it..the clouds are going away for sure now 
@ACAnderFan  I think he will be. He better be. Damn. 
@jamieaiken919 Damn, I can't find anything. 
Damn I'm thirsty &amp; they don't serve smoothiez 
Finally woke up.  Damn my messed up sleeping schedule.  
@JKsGirlx2 Damn, I thought she was made up! 
Damn, i hate working on sundays 
elevating my hurt For  Damn you bouncey climber lol
is on my way back to gv  ...Damn gas is high!
Damn it redwings tie it up. 
Damn it #pens 
I think i already blew out my headphones. After what? Three weeks? Damn 
Watching the hills. Damn it's so juicy!....I just wish he would notice me, I'm invisible to him ehhh 
Looking forward to going to be. But not too keen on doing so alone.  Damn feelings
@PinkAngel_0704 Damn that makes me really sad. People just need to realize what they say can hurt and think before saying it! I'm sorry 
Has had the same Damn head ache all day. Why wont you go away 
Damn...the gloomy gus feeling is back again....this time he brought friends, bummed bob &amp; sad sally. I just can't shake these three!  
Damn steam and their fine deals  just buckled and got the deals
@kaybee007  I only just saw your update!  Damn it!  I had really bad luck with my shots of smart light - rain never helps. 
Damn it i fell asleep to early. 
@TheMisterX Damn! I was afraid of that.  Thanks anyway.
Damn.that junhong tutee cancelled on me.wth.wants to start end june.grr.no money status. 
Damn...hooked up to chemo, started my shuffle...and no #dongle to be found  wait for tonight i guess...
Damn it, slept too much. 
What can I take to minimize the swelling of my gums and relieve me of the pain?  Damn wisdom tooth..
Damn i just woke up from a nightmare  now i can't fall back to sleep.
Damn yo.....i only slept 2hrs?!?!?! I only b/c my last tweet was '2hrs ago'... Damn it man.   
@jakeyoh Damn, I'd have got you a ticket if that's what it would have taken 
Damn bugs! I got eaten alive last night.... 
Damn, the cupcake bot was at maker faire and I missed it! 
Damn.. I'm ill! I hate it! 
Damn.... I just realised I have to learn all this pump choreo by tomorrow 
Damn, forgot my ipod 
is really over being sick.. Not very fun  Damn tonsillitis
Now I remember what I don't like about winter... Damn flu!!! 
@eaderigt Seriously!? It's not a full house there? Damn, I knew I should've gone there and try my luck 
Damn, fell asleep, now even more behind in revision 
So who on earth ordered a big grey cloud?! Damn it, the suns been behind it for about 30 mins. 
&quot;After the news conference, about 3 a.m., officers left the hospital, several in tears and consoling one another.&quot; Damn. 
Damn I forgot my sunnies, money, ring, pills and its an 8-4 day at work!!! It's a start of a horrible day!!! 
Damn gotta go for oral surgery next week.. 
Damn this has been a shit day! After such a productive start too! 
Looks like the hashtag #momoams is being flooded w/ spam  Damn you lousy excuses for human beings w/ your incessant spam!!!
Damn didn't get lucky 2day...gotta go move my car 
Damn I miss babeeY already...  can't wait 2 c him later...
Damn those airborne allergens!!! I'm dying 
Damn....think my attitude may have gotten the best of me this time 
@dstrokeallday Damn im sorry to hear that D 
Damn work!! I'm so tired and I feel sick. 
Damn my pizza juss burned  waiting now for my baguettes!
@Burkazoid Damn all you guests on it !! It's dieing and F5 ain't bringing it back to life 
Damn i missed the fucking appointment i have been waiting a week for. So sad. 
Damn, I wish L4D2 wasn't a 360 exclusive. 
Damn is it me or is twitter going really slow right now? Threadedtweets is taking forever to show tweets. 
Damn, this is a really long line 
Damn no truck for a week 
Damn - installed a new drive in my mac mini only to find the region free program has a bug in it and I can't use it like I wanted 
@AsiaOnScreen noo!! I missed the screenings!! Damn campaign project work taking priority 
Damn I thought I was the bestie 
@LetsGetThisGirl Damn!! I just sold my 2  Wish I had known.....
On the plane  so sad to leave!! Also not wanting to type finals on the plane, ew. Damn, I wish I didnt lose those books.
has itchy fingers.  Literally.  Damn heat.   I'm surprised they can still function with the amount of hand cream I've applied today.  #fb
Going to bed in the hope of de-wonkifying my neck. Damn that 18 month old cat-induced whiplash 
At work tired!! Damn I work all week long no break 
Damn - i feel the beginning itch of a sore throat 
Totally ill, fever, headache, puking all day long. And if this is not enough I full of hay fever. Damn! 
Me ass is hurting... Damn sunburn 
@IRLittlest True, it stole my brother four years ago  Hasn't given him back. Damn place.
Damn, I should have gone to the post office earlier... I have a package but now I can't get it until tomorrow. 
I am too poor. Damn govnt they will take money so quick but will take forever to give it back. 
@KateMorgan2244 Damn girl your following is dropping u need to keep it to the minute or they turn on you 
@melissaanelli Damn! I won't be there for the ustream, I gots work tomorrow. 
LaCrosse game today. We lost by 2 points.  I love watching him play and I love the sport in general. Damn he's so cute. graduation: 3 days
Damn.. I even made my husband's fav meal- lasagne. 
Damn it i threw a ball at our room door and now i lost it 
Damn I wish I was closer to the places I go 
Chasing Cars. . .  the tears are a-flowing. . .    Damn you greys anatomy.
Damn i can't sleep 
Damn, moms got the car 
Damn the 'butterfly' is here again...... 
Damn, crowd again 
Damn!! I miss being a dancer 
@captainjanis Damn the man and everything he stands for! 
Damn, i feel so blah &amp; yuck, idk y but w.e i jus gotta get over it i guess smh 
Damn freaking youtube performing maintenance right now 
Damn it dodgers  so close at the end... its all good. still love ya!
@YoungQ Damn I don't get any shoutouts, I sad 
Damn, back @ work again after a sunny and relaxing bank holliday week-end. Another 8 more weeks untill summer vacation 
males bangun and have a million things to do today  Damn it!
Damn, I missed 11:11 again. 
Damn my htc magic phone is delayed from vodafone.. have to wait langer 
Why did dorothy had to gooooooo ?????? And estelle getty ??? Damn sophiiie !!! Bouut to youtube golden girls !! 
Just got up - no more mad dreams. So feeling cool! All this nice weather makes me wanna b back home ........ Damn man!! I miss it!!! 
Damn !! spam in my work email inbox 
All the TV's in my house don't have any channels!    Damn those workmen down the road!  &gt;
Shoot! It's not the lost file  So .. it's still lost and I still have to redo it! Damn ... *bangin' my head to the table*
Damn. I ran out of credit 
listening to di.fm trance channel on my mobile. Damn I need 3G in my region, too 
Damn It I wanted mom to come too.... I'll fuck this entire shit and get cash for next year or go here somewhere 
Going to eye appointment soon. Damn it why did it have to be this early? 
Damn, I wish I was stuck at #fowa instead of at the office 
Damn you, right shoulder, stop hurting. The pain is making me nauseous. 
Damn, I have to wait 10 minutes before shower get hot. 
@MMMMeenal @rum1t Damn .. dont have a torrent app. They dont work at office networks 
and excuse the language but fuck! Damn swine flu made me adjust my holiday plans 
Damn it! Thanks to a broken router I haven't had an internet connection since early yesterday evening  Now off to buy a new one...
Damn! Damn! Damn! just realised can't shop online - won't get delivered today!  
Ugh! That new box of Qtips i bought is defective! All of the tips seem to not have enough cotton.. .my poor ears! Damn u economy! 
Damn truck up the street is holding up traffic. I'm going to be late 
@princesspooh90 I hope class is going well for you  tis sunny 2day!! Damn that salsa was a wee bit hott for white boi squil =[ twas yummy!
Damn my computer is officially done for.  how ima finish my mixtape??
Damn, I registered to vote too late. 
@lemur  Damn - I opened that link to watch about 15 seconds before he choked.  I must be bad luck.
@carbonmade Damn, you miss the cut then  I'll teach you.
Damn i got ice water in my grrinder. And there was still herb and keif in the catcher 
Damn 665k and hes out on his third try 
Damn i left my phone charger in the car i may never ever see it again 
Damn theres heaps of traffic hope im not gonna b late 
I'm sooo bummed! It's raining so i cant ride my bike to the gym! the old people in this town run me over  Damn now i dont want hit the gym
Damn my video games just froze  and I was winning too!
Damn once again waiting on my team to get it together so I can get out of here. 
I just want to be snuggled up in bed with him right now... Damn distance and rain 
Damn I need a life. 
@cupcakemafia Thanks - I'm just feeling really sheepish. Damn my high pain tolerance anyway .... 
U know what sucks is when u order food and its taking so long that u just wanna leave.....BUT u're surrounded by trees and walls....Damn 
Damn this sun burn is no joke 
Damn. I added all that stuff to the second chapter, and totally forgot to add the velcro. 
@Marisette  I was probably in the back room. I hate missing people. Damn my job.
@voteforscooter @elise_hull @bentrewarn Damn you all ! I can't get more than 31 
Slightly sad about missing wing tuesday... Damn late work 
Damn it's raining 
I think I'm officially sick. Damn throat. 
@knight9 Damn   looks really sharp in 0.9.5 I must say.
Damn brick toast at guppy house too!  I'm sooo working out when I get home
@jessiiickka haha gj gj.  Damn I'm bored right now 
I think I'm getting sick  I feel like crud. Damn.
Damn it! I broke a nail. 
@bootlegskate Not looking like it! Damn it! 
Damn it... took my computer apart to &quot;cool it down&quot; by adding thermal grease, and it's not refusing to post.  No video output. 
I just got rick roll'd  Damn looking at E3 info on youtube!
 just weighed self... still 59 kilos!! Damn you body, gain some fat!
Damn i hate cn my lil sis like this 
Ugh. Not going to sleep anytime soon. It's 1:45am. 11 hours till the deadline. Damn. 
I have a cold   Damn you winter!!
@ahmedzainal Damn that thing looks tasty. and now im hungry 
How come there's all of a sudden so many wellingtonians on twitter? Damn I'll have to make more sense now in case anyone knows me 
Damn.. just a few more days before school starts again! 
@jordanknight tell me about it, i said the same thing this morning... Damn eyelids!!! 
is going to get a root canal  i am terrified of dentist offices. Damn tooth.
@lemonmonsters not funny...  wehehe. I felt nauseous all day... o.O Damn projects... :|
Damn its time 2 do laundry  -Out of order
Damn car is being a piece of crap again 
Damn, my inbox gets full so quickly 
So no-one is coming with me  Damn..
I forgot that today was a friday... Damn school had to be so close. 
Damn am hungry! I have a big ass headache! 
Damn cant get on da web 
@skyladawn Damn. I know that feeling. It's similar to the one I'm having right now, in fact. Damn stories. 
@jwelch Damn man, my condolences. 
Just blogged. Damn, i need a better camera! 
Damn!! There was a bird sitting on the windowsill right next to me - by the time I'd grabbed the camera it was gone 
Damn. I didn't win that BFTS! 
@edwardsheroin @mindmeddlered I missed the action! And I cant add those accounts frm my phone  Damn!
Damn I just burned my tounge. 
Damn it, I want to go hiking, but a storm is all over the weather forecast  I should just go with an umbrella... let's do this!!!!!!!
Trying out espresso. This is some real preium code software. Damn I feel stupid I didn't bought it during Macheist. 
@imakereality Damn, and here I thought I was going to get fed too. 
And guys in glasses. Damn weakness! It's not fair 
@dinorawr Damn, I forget that starts again tonight 
@SensualStories Damn, that's hot.... seriously you got me in the mood! 
Family bbq for skys 12th bday. Damn she's my height 
@kazzba not at home, so can't listen  Damn I like the 5 bros million sis song, have you tapes it or how that works?
Missing mug night on the greene  Damn on call schedule...
@VJnator Damn, that swirl pattern and the additional panels they install do too good of a job covering up. 
@alyramckenzie Its bigger than the water bottle! Damn I hurt thinking about it 
Damn i bought hella clothes!, $100 im broke 
Wait it just turned on again. Damn, now I don't get to go buy something new. 
Damn...what happen to the kattpack clique?..yall left me??? 
Damn ma stomach hurtin badly I think I waited too long to eat I feel so sick right now 
@kielovesday26 Damn.... U just hit me with the poor little tink tink. 
-- dv_phillips: Damn I'm old   LOL
Damn everybody going out 2nite expect me  http://myloc.me/2KHx
@dewata87 Damn, that's not cool. 
Flat tire was flat, So I decided to pump it up. Damn those things make a loud band noise when they explode &gt;.&lt;  no riding for me
$50, $70, $90... Where is my other $100?! Damn it! 
Damn... I didn't get to finish follow friday 
Dosnt feel so good. Damn cold 
I feel so sick....pills,here I come!  Damn these stupid life changing exams. Damn them 
Damn the club ain't shit wit out the frat boyS  damn i can't wait to back to da burg
Damn I miss him and want to see him 
Damn I want a frosty &amp; wendys is closed 
@jonathanrknight did u just call me stupid!! Damn like that??  i had a moment of weakness damn it!!
I have expensive hopes and dreams   Damn traveling.
Damn! I dreamed that i got up this morning, but then i woke up, 2 hours to late. No golf for me today then 
Damn... I work allllll day tomorrow. This is gunna suck! 
At home again. Damn rainy weather. I refuse to get on my bike, but need the excercise 
Damn you all for seeing the hangover! I wanna go 
@DaymondJohnFUBU Damn i could of used that 5G's N clothes. I knew i should of goin 2 M2 
Damn I'm sorry I said ebay now I got all these weak sauce ass bots following me. 
Damn work sucks 
Ah boring  no running today. Damn weather.
bed time. real bed. exciting. Damn dryer moves  sooo noisy.. and in my room. sorry van!
Damn...so confused,don't know what to do and it's bothering me so much... 
Having dinner, kinda, at kfc with my family. Damn full but this headache won't go away. I think i miss you too much daisy. 
Damn I want the sims 3 
@Cos - audiomulch! I used to have that, it was great fun thnx for that news &amp; a mac version 2? Damn, I just saw how much they want 4 it! 
Damn mother with a foghorn kind of voice. 
Damn it Nels  You're not easy to support sometimes. HOW is it possible for you to be 11th fastest of the weekend &amp; still fail so hard? #f1
@johncmayer Damn, I wish I would have done that, instead of dropping $150 on that hooker last weekend. 
Damn, look who is up early again for no good reason  Is it time for the farmers market yet?
Is eating longjohn at simei, 18chef fully booked. Damn  - http://tweet.sg
Damn rain screwing up our garage sale fun 
Damn commercial tv  I don't like advers
Damn alarm clock. We didnt get to go on a walk at 5 am.  but i figure, its pourin down rain. The walk will be better now!
Damn, hopped in the shower to find nothing but cold water 
Damn weather now scottie can't fly 
No flying for scott and richard  Damn mother nature
Having to come up with little rhymes to learn all 20 Acts and when they were. Damn you women!  xoxo
Having to come up with little rhymes to learn all 20 Acts and when they were. Damn you women! 
Damn. The elvarg's head is not in my bank anymore 
Damn... broke the spanner trying to get the bike wheel off. 
@PandaMayhem Damn!! I'm so sorry girl   I hope u don't have to sell ur 5* 
Bout to clean and then do some homework, great way to spend the weekend. Damn weather!!! 
Damn I got a bad a headache  no more mixing beer and whiskey ughhhh
I'm missing my computer. Damn it 
Ping.fm went down! Damn! 
Damn, I drank my cup of tea faster than I thought 
Damn I can not sleep....  http://tinyurl.com/qppvfe
Damn couldn't find a white dress  but I did find some inappropriate shorts n a top lol
@andreacampos01 tubings so much. Damn me for not have cash monies 
At my niece's birthday party. Damn do kids really need that much balloons. Lol. To bad she's feeling under the weather 
Damn. I think I have the flu 
@sorenr Damn you, I went to your page to follow you back and I read your 2nd update and I lost teh game 
Damn work! Damn sunny day! Uggzzz I wanna go out n playyyyyyy 
Damn I lost like 8 followers last nite smfh I'm hurt  lol
Damn I have to be up early tomorrow 
@wtcc i a so jealous i have 10 days lefftt  .. Damn snow days
@rogerhoward Damn, I've not got the budget for twice as much. 
Damn I forgot about myrtle summer traffic. 
@Pharmon Damn you. You get to have all the fun 
a friend of mine is having some serious problems... Damn I sure hope for her that it's gonna be alright. This sucks like hell for her 
@TCGO1974 Damn, i would go but my parents won't let me 
Damn dodgers... 
Damn! I'm sad as hell rite now. I just found out my homeboy got shot last nite...smh...he's in critical condition 
Damn it- I was putting ice in my glass and it broke 
Damn I legitimately saw a chick who had a nose like gonzo the muppet  so sad loll
@VaneDEW I watched a couple. Damn it, I am going to miss being in the front 5* style. 
Damn my phones about to die and I have to be here until 10 
I cant believe I  slept all day !! Damn cold 
@HANNAHBANANA25 Damn hannah you're so lucky... I'm totally jealous 
Passed out about 2000 flyers today.... With the help of my lil brother. Damn I'm exhausted 
@pineoaks Oh, well, I used to get kolaches, or at least bites, until I got so pudgy.  Now nobody in our house gets kolaches.   Damn diet.
Damn my phone about to die and I'm like 30 mind away not a good look. 
Damn... my mum took away my 360 
@nsane8 Wait...its hockey..Damn my ignorance..!! 
Damn i cant get in!  
@LampshadeJungle Damn, mine doesn't start over here until 9:00 
Actually, this one just decided to stop working cause of over heating!?  Damn it!
Damn......its raining 
Damn burn my eggo waffle 
Damn my butt hurts from sittin in d car...  im not used to this
@stevesilvers Damn, I'd so go but already have plans.  next time I'm totally there.
@Stephiicakes Damn! 
@mela713 Damn, my invite must'a got lost in the mail 
Damn it were losing ugh im about to cry 
Damn pens they lost 
@SuaveDefine at home  I need 2 get my nightlife poppin again.. Damn I could see me @ a mingles party right now *hint* lol
@gone2dmb Damn u woman...shows and tweets 
@DawnRichard ...guess not.  lol.  Damn, I must be slow.  I missed the call from u, I missed the top 20....one day. lol.
@ReeReeKins Haha. Damn. I wanted to come. 
My princess is having a hannah montana sleepover..   I'm all alone... Damn I need a puppy!
Damn...cable is out. No tv or internet 
What's worse than doing the dishes at 1.30 a.m.? Going to bed with the nagging thought of a full sink every few minutes. Damn 
Damn it she wasn't there - 
Damn this bein-sick bullshit-fucksticks-bollocks!! _everyone_ i wanna hang with're just around the corner &amp; here I am studyin &amp; bein sick 
Damn my dogs! I gave them dinner and then couldn't work out if one of them ate all of it, so I had to give both of them dinner again 
Damn it they made me takew my last sip 
Damn, i still feel lazy today 
I felt a million dollars last night but afterwards the car journey made me feel a millon pains  Damn car sickness
@freakinaris http://twitpic.com/6rzf0 - Damn! the photo won't show up! but i'll just read the comments.... 
Damn I'm back on 99 followers 
Damn it 
@DedaCorleon Damn fam sorry to hear bout your weekend hope you got home ok 
Damn not working! 
@TechnoHelp Damn, that's a bummer 
@vin495 I spoke too soon, too much cloud ... it's nice and warm when the sun's out but it isn't out enough. Damn. 
@belovedless i wanna go back to sleep. Damn job. 
@bibzee Damn its gonna take a long TIME!.. 
@TrillentsKaDe Damn you are going through it. 
@PearlBrownie Grlll...who is dat? Damn his body is sexy, he got some pretty eyes 2. I do wanna c his face tho 
On my way to summer jam!!! ... Damn why isn't @SongzYuuup gonna be there?????? 
@JellyHelm Damn. And here I thought the xo was for us. 
Damn got outbid on my star trek outfit for my party next week, ebayfail 
Damn no upgrade available coz of W booking class  at least I got A33 on a 747 and that's proper leg room for 12h flight.
@ludajuice Damn I gotta get mine out next week.. Sounds rough 
Damn this week 
@egsa Yes, I agree...Damn commies! 
Damn. The rain is starting to come down hard now.  http://pi.pe/ar3cba #beerbadBrewDay #fermentarium
@b_club Damn i used my calling card up yesterday 
Still at the recital.  Damn pens lost last night 
Damn, I miss that girl 
@cybrum looks an amazing day. Damn work 
@nasero Damn it!  You're link was so much better than mine!!  
Damn sad cuz I gotta miss my own moms goin away party 
@akomuzikera Damn, I missed them 
@ZachThaMack Damn that's wack! I hope they catch the scoundrel. 
@vvbrown http://twitpic.com/6rbie - Damn, you've got Beats headphones. I'm jealous 
Damn i just got turned on...but im miles away!!  
Damn it i have to wait for season 5 to come out on dvd 
Damn I'm awful parched  _need thirst quencher asap !!
Damn it I knew I did   o so lonely witout my cup
Damn! It's 00:51 and I wanna be tired but I'm not 
Damn my team lost  sux juz watchin sittin on tha bench n not bein able to do anything about it
-_- Damn last.fm You rename a track and have to upload it again 
Damn bus is late. I totally would have had enough time for that boba. 
Damn I thought they had a chance tonight 
Damn it. Dragons are beating sushi.  http://short.to/ei8t
@swilliamsaz  I can't see the link here...Damn you websense!!
Damn, got home to find out my friend was in a car accident this morning. He's alright, but the car isn't  I love that little car
Damn..I tought i was clever with that last tweet..apparently not 
Damn...I suck. I'm sorry     &lt;benoit&gt;
Damn all this homework. 
Damn in my home city chicago I'm already 27  I'm getting old
I should be in bed. Not having internet sucks! I've been on here from my phone. Idsbdis Damn this really sucks 
Damn my phone is almost dead 
@she_shines92 You have more self control than I do   Damn this band for meaning so much to us!! *hugs*
Damn! have to buy some new wine glasses after two breaking in three weeks  #fb
@thecatempire So sad I missed this one  Damn time differences!
Damn, I go away for a few days and @cyktrussell @disneyrunner are all friendly again. Where did the insults go? 
Damn, one video chat with @elliottkember and then my laptop lid jams shut.... that's going to cost me a bob or two  I blame his ugly mug!
@omelet_805 *drops dead with mouth wide open* tear  What we could have seen. Damn you viejito http://bit.ly/AkgXC
Damn now dads watching the news 
Damn... have to get a job this week 
Damn the flash light I planned to buy for my #eos is sold out 
Damn work calls  be back in a bit...
Damn, I had a feeling we wernt gonna win the scavanger hunt unless we did it THAT day 
Everyone follow @truthtweet, shows which celebrities are the real ones and which are fake... so sad about twilight starts.. Damn fakers!! 
Damn it #masterchef not on today! 
Starving from the morning. Damn, finishing this 7L bill and gonna head to apoorva's sangeetha to get food!  so damn hungry :'(
Damn it #masterchef not on today!  lol http://tinyurl.com/mptqok
Damn it #masterchef not on today!  LOL http://tinyurl.com/n8ghzx
@ubernostrum Damn you, my test to code ratio is 3 and I'm still only at 98.2% coverage 
@gu_heffner Damn well goodnight/morning to u....as I head to work  lol
 I missed the second annual zombie walk in chicago, this past saturday. Damn it Damn it Damn it. I was so wanting to do that this year
can't find adequate shoes. Damn my tiny, big-thumbed feet, damn them to hell. 
@natashayi Damn right 
Damn, just realized i left my lunch at home. 
Damn you bbs there is no parking 
Damn www.emma-watson.nl is back online but the problems aren't solved 
Damn you B&amp;Q, why are your lighting products so bad? Power adaptor has failed on one set of lights  http://yfrog.com/103ybj
Damn historical novels! I just can't get into them 
Damn, sky looking bleaker by the minute, sods law 
So wish I could have gone to shenanigans yesterday  Damn my lack of fundage
Damn it! An innova kissed my car 
Damn lakers won 
@Miameow09 U got the same vibe?  Damn it 
Damn i miss my car 
@WallaceMLeBan oh Damn. good luck with that. i lost my free lunch pass! 
Damn it. I have when people fill racial stereotypes. Asian with the blinker.  
Damn these headphones, they won't stay in my ears  messing with my music...
Damn flights are expensive!!! 
Damn I feeling to eat a cheesecake today. But my diet is keep saying no 
Damn, I've got a fat ass. 
HATING the fact I have such a babyface.  Damn, I am turning 25 this month.
@reecefairy   Damn, that sucks balls.
Damn trains are completely screwed, bang goes my so called evening 
Damn it, my arachnophobia its getting worse  ... i dont know what to do *sighs* u.u
Someone ran over a bottle with coffee, cig butts, and who-knows-what. It burst and the putrid concoction exploded in my direction. Damn 
@REfan Damn 
Damn I missed out  http://chicagonakedride.org/
@marginatasnaily I hope sooo  Damn him for working so hard. He needs a little break. x
Damn hurricane conditions spoiled my lovely lunch al fresco at merrick 
Damn...I'm not supposed to be feeling liike thiis about hiim 
@DonnieWahlberg oh god so sad!!!!!! I understand but why were tickets and everything sold? Damn this news sucks! 
Damn, that streaking reference got me a horny hottie follower 
still at work, bored out of my mind. Damn some of the ppl i work with get on my nerves like crazy....oh well only 3 more hours to go 
Hey @amandapalmer Damn i wish i had money  (have already bought tix for ed fringe show though)  (amandapalmer live &gt; http://ustre.am/1qRf)
I've just woke up... And it's 6:36 am! Damn schools! This shucks! 
@atomicmufin wish i could  I'm all out.. I wanted at least ONE of the mods to win something. Damn randomiser :@
Damn... lot of sunflower seeds on the floor 
@jimjonescapo Damn, I miss the 80's 
Powers out  oo no 73 percent battrey on lappy , I must conserve all of my notes for history are on it! Damn
Power pack on the PC is gone. Damn. 
http://twitpic.com/7i8ey - Damn what will I write next 
Damn. I cant eat for 3o mins! 
@devindaiquiri What? no more myspace!? Damn! 
Damn day from hell! people calling in, people working split shifts leaving no coverage, and upset customers! what a combination! 
Damn there's a lot of spam on twitter... I get all excited to see a new follower... and it's some horny bitch wanting my credit card #.  
@WerewolfJacob I'll be there babes! Damn me for never giving you questions like I keep promising. *bows head* I'm a bad person. 
@ShawnORourke Damn, I can't go 
Damn this a monday suck haven't left the spot allday 
Too bored to go to school. Damn I miss going to AdU 
Damn, the bid I put on a house was rejected  I need to find another house ;) Its always a fun game
He's such a little firecracker, though. Damn, I miss him. I wish he'd hurry up and come home already. 
Ah just got mustard on my circus tour t. Damn hot dogs  I just got the money to pay for my school 4 the year. THNX!!! Xcited for summer!!!
No power to iron my cloths..  Damn!!
Damn storm knocked out my internet...what am I supposed to do now 
Damn sinus headaches.... I hate winter 
Is a bad puppy dog, who piddled on the floor... Damn Y chromosome! 
Damn, another week of no arenas 
@AlwaysMusic Damn dont break my heart...i dont think so? 
I'm gna try to hold it up in vancouver 2 more months &amp; finish school. Damn, this is gna b hard   goodnight everyone, wish me luck!
Damn it glasses have become expensive 
Damn you sneaky torrential rain, and deceptively deep puddles! I have wet feet now 
Damn, it hurts a lot... 
@bones_bones Damn I'm back at work now 
I want to get up and get ready for school, really I do.... But my brain won't let me.  And I'm severely unprepared for today n'all. Damn.
Damn! 0930 meeting so can't make @opencoffeebr1 
Damn...kinda lonely tonight....aint shit popped off all day..I usually love quiet times like dis but not tonight  damn I hate emotions lol
Damn i hate this cold 
Damn you wii fit board for telling me the truth. Now feeling quite low for the day 
@NeoplasmSix sounds interesting, but the link isn't working for me. Damn you, technology! 
is thinking that the cats are going to a pet sanctuary soon.  Damn allergies...and people that just drop cats on the side of the road!
http://twitpic.com/7j65k - Damn, multiple people beat me to it. 
Damn it !  u ruin everything .ckck
Damn tired 
@DynamicShock I can't be late.  Damn bus. HATES IT.
the one who make me laugh and cry even scream inside ! !Damn .. 
Damn I got a busy ass week ahead of me all work and no play 
Damn it's hot today, shame I'm at work - this is where I'll miss aircon in the car too 
Damn it!! I waited too long to buy tickets for the @bandofhorses show tomorrow night and now it's sold out. 
I have realized that paying bills is my least favourite pastime, but apparently has to be done.  Damn 
Damn, excluded again. 
Damn it. I forgot to wear deodorant this morning.  I am gonna stink like the dude at the gym last night. 
Damn everytime I see a movie with bernie mac in it I just go into this state of depression, why did he had to go 
In starbucks. Damn the wifi doesn't work. 
Damn! I've only been here for an hour and I already wanna go home. 
@tehmonkeh Damn... I'm drawing a blank.. probley something I should know the answer to 
Damn... was  reading my old tweets .. surprised to find so many typos in them ... even in the ones in which I replied to gulpanag 
Anyone else having gmail issues?  Damn page won't load for me.  
Damn this day is going by slow 
Damn power of attraction....have to get my mind focused on the things I want instead of all the things that are going wrong 
2 t-shirts finished, others outlined. Damn pens ran out. 
Damn I hav pins n needles 
@smitchelluk Damn...I'm really not normal am I?! 
sick-lily meeeee. Damn it. 
@ZoeSheffield Arghhhh !!! Damn it, cant be bothered !! nearly forgot :p but shall have to do it  SUCKS !!!!!!! xx
Damn u rain. U foiled my attempt to walk back to work dry. So this is how I get swine flu. Damn 
Damn summer cold is turning chesty 
Owwiee, I've burnt my arm! Damn it hurts! 
@DugeeFBuller Damn sorry to hear that... 
Damn damn damn no twitter 
Damn I click that follower sh*t and it keep tweeting for me 
@Jenivere Damn. Sounds like there isn't really a 'good' choice in amongst that 
Damn! I was so close to asking a question on air to a speaker on npr 
Damn my feet hurt needing a massage still got an hour n half left of work 
Damn my head is hurting again..damn headace 
@tequilasam thats ok then!! Damn i really wanna see sign again now 
@Brit710 Damn! tht sucks  I be chillin, collecting unemployment, and tryin to enjoy my summer really..lol.
@KimberleyxLynn Damn, that a shame... am i to blame  kinda jinxed it
@taswell Damn you. I hadn't even thought about that song in like a decade and now it's stuck in my head 
This is the first time I've come on break to see no tweets on my phone. I am sad.  Damn you, technology problems.
My head is itchy.  Damn you scalp! haha
Damn it. I forgot to pick up my transcripts again. 
Damn.  A conference call, a meeting AND the gym?! And I thought I just clocked out.   And I intended to cook! 
Man dis dude smells like a walmart bag full of onions!! Damn my nose cant take this shyt!! 
Damn someone dented my Cedes and didn't leave a note  .... Damn homie!!!!
Damn. I wanted to be pregnant before 2011, but facebook says it isn't gonna happen!   http://tinyurl.com/mf4bpt
@djpplus Damn it I thought we were starting a stylist business and u consulting 4 free on twitter! 
Damn, paid off a 3k river bet when I could have made a great laydown 
@Kaedaq I aint got no coded messages. I injured it when I was a kid, aint been the same since. Damn squats n shit!  anywho, what u up 2?
@Missykaniuk I think @johncmayer is cock blocking the guys again! Damn you girls! 
Damn i think im coming down with somthing 
In lots of pain. Damn tooth. 
Damn casey killed her daughter caylee that cute lil girl that was all on the magazines 
Damn, I'm good with the family, literally the aunts and 2 grandmothers and the moms likes me...but uhm I didn't agree 2 bein his wifey 
@mister_mason Damn straight you are good dogs!  That's why I want one bad!  I would get one now if I didn't live in a condo. 
Just not the Cats night.  Its 9-4 in the top of the 8th. They've scored 4 with 2 outs. Damn.
Damn, watchin this show is making me mad. I hope he doesnt consider his behavior  equivalent to being a man 
Damn $25. buck would fill up my tank...but now I only get half   whyyyy!!!!
Damn! I'm not feeling well today 
Damn 25 bucks would fill up my gas tank but now with $25 I only get half a tank! Whyyy!!??!!  
Damn twitter wasn't working for me earlier today 
Damn - tired 
@lilyroseallen smelling?  Damn - that's broken a million fantasies...
@illmaticP oohhh goooddd... She went gay for ratings? Damn the recession must have got to her before good dick did... 
Damn....got to 500 floowers and just like that...bingo back to 498   It's a fickle crowd indeed!
Damn thbe padres lost 
Damn insomnia has won another battle against me. 
Damn, power is back on @ work, 20 min before the 'evacuate' call 
@melissacarolina@mariaemunoz  I just twittered and saw all these tweets about vegas...Damn hangover 
Damn it.... I just deleted something on accident... and I can't remember what 
with father on our way to #prekmurje to check the damage on our house. Damn storms.  http://htxt.it/i/cEHx
Damn, mum booted me off the computer 
Damn it, I can't stay up till midnight 
hmm, jost woken up. Damn. slept in for too long 
@CHANNELTENPRESS Damn im gonna miss it, I really wanted to see it 
Damn man sorry to hear that bro 
I also think I might have caught @girlindustries cold  Damn you office!
Damn shit has really been getting bad, life is starting to suck 
@rudedoodle is the 3.0 out today ? I thought it was tomara? Damn and I ain't in the house tonite 
@farbklex died a hundred times yesterday @DS...Damn! nearly didn't return to the last town  lost all items 
well after 2 weeks of headache hell I'm back in action..Damn hope this won't happen soon again 
@Jonasbrothers Damn I wish i had the album!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I  want soooo badly &quot;Lines, vines and trying times&quot; Only getting it next week 
@walkingsoftly You're not hitting on me? Damn  *has a sad nau*
Damn!!! A bird took a mean crap on my car 
Damn rain.... I want to go shopping 
Damn tired and still here till 17u 
Damn eye headache 
@mikemakin Damn donnington being as hot as the sun.  @mikethomashendi as if you were in the park yest 
Damn the moving costs of tv and internet! 
@ljauss Damn that looks good...minimum of 30 people though   I think we're only going to have 15-20.
Damn just remembered I don't drink! 
Damn rain ... I wanted to get our patio started today! 
Damn it, Lakers won't be starting their parade outside my workplace. 
Damn grade 12s. I don't want to get wet. 
Damn the new riserbars don't fit my bike 
Damn cough needs to go away. Its annoying 
Damn forgot the #cougarpoll 
I'm tired and ready to go eat lunch. Damn lab 
Damn hay fever.....Going Nuts!!! 
@shafto59 Damn, now I want a cup of tea and jaffa cakes 
Waking up to some left side neck pain. Damn it to hell 
Damn my 2 year contract isn't up 
@lauradaley_ no way! Damn that media department is slacking now 
Damn can't get ipod 3.0 softwere yet need to wait till tomorrow 
Damn road down to one lane alternating directions grrrr @jamesarcher I may not be there early enough for my announcement 
Still gettin' an &quot;Ohrwurm&quot; when reading the blogging of SitataTirulala~ Damn, girl, you got me 
Damn, 7 years since the last title..time flies. 
Stress eating: finishing a bag of tiny muffins in less that 2.3 minutes due to exam in 10 hours  Damn you cortisol.
Damn it! Windows always wants to update and reboot at the strangest times... 
Damn the rain and no umbrella 
Damn this peacock feathered necklace won't un fasten 
Damn I spent all day douching my house. who knew it was sucha mess  lol
Damn stuffy nose! Another sick day 
Damn times like these I wish I was 21 
No compass? Damn, I guess the updated hardware/firmware DOES kick a lil more ass. 
Damn this rain, it doesn't seem to want to go away! wah 
Jealous that everyone will be finished uni today, with the exception of me. Damn appendicitis. 
just getting off work. Damn this ish can suck sometimes 
Damn touchscreen anyway like I was saying I'm mad I missed smoothie night 
@QueenofSpain Damn, I really wanted some too. I can't believe you didn't share 
Damn my tummy hurts 
Damn have to work at 10 
Damn just remembered how chill attack attack! w/ @austincarlile  was. 
Damn nevermind, i have to work at 11am  im going to call it a night early
@JaYFLyGuY  LOL...Damn!!!! I think I waited too long 
Damn weather and the power outage!!! Especially only your apartment back to stone age 
Working on holidayhouses - Damn infinite loops 
Damn why does my nose hurt 
i havent tweeted all day....JUST ta prove I'm not a addict...........Damn, i just tweeted  
Damn, we had to pay for all the fireworks raffle tickets since I am such a bad saleslady 
@MrSouthBeach Damn man i soooo wont make it.. its 1am over there and my flight wont be there until like 5am. mannn im pissed! LOL no time 
Damn, it ended as soon as I got my camera 
Damn! I've got to go to schoool!! 
Damn it, in awake way to early 
Damn it, i'm awake way to early 
http://twitpic.com/7owfh - Damn the chick in the purple I date her if I was gay?! lol I should do shows again?! 
I miss my mom. The other day I had a dream with her and it felt so real but then I woke up and realized it was a dream. Damn  rip mom
Goodmornin twittas .. The sun is shinnin and i have 2 work  well yall have a good day .. ! Damn i feel good 2day *bigsmileeee !!!
@graceandmanners That's fathers day sunday  I'd be there but it's a bad day.Damn, &amp; I could ask for a +1 on this too.When's the next show?
Damn i hope that stuff gets done tomorrow or else 
Damn I have a legal exam tomorrow 
Damn man, now I see the point, wish I had bought a high end phone to twitter from it. 
Damn i had 3 charlie horse back to back in my sleep  in so much pain right now
Damn I think I might actually go to bed early today. Fallout froze again 
@julesrivera Damn I'm jeaslous .. I got noodle arms....  
@taaroa thx but it sucks so bad i prefer using the website. Damn iphone, why did u broke ? 
Damn this rain is jus making me so damn horny ; too bad I don't have a hubby or wifey 
Damn I'm @ work an I kinda got a henny headache from last nite! 
Damn I'm hungry. Why does it have to take so long time to make dinner? 
Damn feathers! They always have to try to kill me. 
@MyStockVoice Damn, sorry. 
Really needs to do my roots but I have event to go to in 3 weeks!! Damn my job 
@henz0 :eek She dumped you? Damn bro. 
Damn I missed the third goal. The feed froze. 
Damn they always tryin to get me for my paper...problem is they always win 
Damn...my roommate NEVR comes to class! Lol she always leaves me alone in here 
Thats what I meant... I knew he would go for big strike after his 50. Damn!  #t20 #PakCricket
@demonbaby nooooo they don't work?!?!?!?!! Damn. I better take the ice out of the freezer then. 
Today I had graduation practice. Damn where have all the years gone? I remember my first day of 6th grade &amp; now I'm leaving 
@xkrnaaax awwww rlly!!? Damn I thought it would be lame.  glad u had fun tho
Damn rough day I overslept &amp; woke up at 640, I start at 7!  I was only 5 mins late but I look like shit.  Lots of work today 
Damn, chippy is closed 
Damn I got ice on my windscreen 
Damn dryer is broken already. 
@tomeglenn Damn you... I've lost mine. I have three, found two, but not the one I need 
Damn I'm really sick today. 
Damn you NC-17 Joick. Damn you. 
Damn you @americanapparel for not selling xxs hoodies at wholesale prices. I feel horrible spending $46 on that hoodie 
My stomach was like &quot;no more!&quot; but my mouth was like &quot;oh dont stop, these flavors are amazing!&quot; Now my stomach hurts  Damn u Chinese food
Damn my big fat  lie in this morning... I now cant sleep 
@LadyDiamondblue At least you see him in 2 days. You're w/in hugging &amp;&amp; str8 up doggystyle fucking distance man. Damn! 
history homework  feeling miserable... Damn these exams!
Damn , you can't follow yourself 
Damn I can't believe it, I haven't posted or anything else to my blog since the weekend and yet I get the can't access notice 
I thinking got it to stop.  I really hope so. Damn that crap.
@msmissee: damn! I should have! I could've sued! But would be teaching my kids its okay to lie  Damn kids!!!!
@franmoore22 I know  Damn my incompetencies. lol at dreamlover.
Damn..I get really pissed off when the killer in movies, go after the children... 
At my first even sneaker friendly event 09...About to get this money in!!! Damn where my girls at!!!!! 
Is @ work thinking about magarita's!! Damn still over 1 hour to go!! I need a change like yesterday 
I can't think of anything to tweet about and this is making me really sad   Damn you twitter for ruining my life!
Talking about sex with mah freaky friend. Damn, i'm gonna miss these convos. 
Damn, my blackberry trackball is fukin up again. No post whoring tonight 
Damn i just got my sleep interrupted. I can't possibly wake up by 2 now  - http://tweet.sg
Damn it, I had to close the windows cuz I started smelling skunk. Now my night time breeze is gone! 
@djdyme Damn  ...what's the bad news
Damn, @SedrickWard just left the house and I'm all bored 
Damn it... time to get ready for work again...grumble grumble....     
Lmfao @slimsweet nd u talkin bout we some freaksz wen u dead got ur shit lastnite. Damn haven't gotten my shit licced in a hot min 
@reginacassandra lucky! I wish I could go shopping for new cloths. Damn. 
Damn I never thought this will happen... 
Damn, they keep taking away my trending topics 
Damn meeting is coming!!!!!! 
feel like eating daal rice.. the plain daal rice, with just salt and lots of nani - ke - haath - ka - achhar.. Damn I miss her 
@missmei Swingers? I'm jealous  Damn it (swingers, couples fun, swinging, watch another guy plough my wife like a mug)
@ladyw87 Damn it, missed your show 
Damn tooth ache 
Damn insomniatic tendencies are torturing me...I dont wanna sleep my day off away 
@piginthepoke Damn I want one 
Trains running late  should've taken the bus tube option. No time to buy the racing post either!! Damn.
@qikipedia Damn, its blocked on my server 
Damn I really wish my sore throat would go away 
I'm not goin anywhere near the apple store today because I might just cry! Damn I have to walk past it to get to supermarket 
No mms...Damn you, singtel 
Damn,  no hawaiishirts available , nowhere 
No moped today..  Damn garage was locked and my father lied about where the key was. :|
Damn....my little yorkie is sick  hot and sleeping all day....
Damn I didn't win  
@DanaXDanger Damn I can't see the foto 
Damn! I forgot my power cords at home. It's going to take at least my entire lunch hour to catch the bus home and back + the walk 
Going to brush off the cobwebs from around my front door, in preparation for tomorrow's bday party. Damn spiders. 
Up early ; gotta go pick up my yearbook &amp; etc @ 11 ! Damn this is really tha end .. H.S is really over  !
Damn ad people making me stay at work forever and ever. Damn youuuu 
Damn it @pandora_radio, what happened to 6 skips/station/hour. Just gonna end up using slacker or imeem more now I guess 
Damn, i def dropped my cake too 
Damn friday couldnt come soon enough!!! just got here to work and still wish i could be snoozing my alarm 
@simonhill Damn, I was too late 
&quot;I'm not here for your entertainment...&quot;- P!nk ( Damn! I didn't get a ticket for her concert  It's completely sold out )
I didn't eat since 11:30 am ... Yesterday! And I'm still not hungry. Damn flu. Or whatever it is that I have ... 
Damn it all, I don't want to go back to work 
@BrentCorrigan00 http://twitpic.com/7tcma - Damn! I really got my hopes up and now the image is gone! 
@ptinsley Damn, that sucks.  I haven't loaded my library yet so haven't tested music commands.  You ruined my day 
Damn my eardrum is still really messed up 
Damn....I need to stop staying up sooooo late! I am ruined for the whole day now 
@30SECONDSTOMARS Damn it!I can't go to anyone 
What the fuck is goin on w/ this ubertwitter? Damn its not updating  ok twitterberry it is until this is fixed
Withdrawing from ddub's laboratory contest     Damn clip art copyright issues.
@mscene3t  Damn that sucks.
Damn sad I missed The last night of chalet  somehow I just can't imagine celebrities sitting down infront of the com&amp;surfing the net, LOL.
lol at 8 out of 10 cats!  @jimmycarr didn't laugh as much today! Damn, I love his laugh.
I'm not as young as I used to be, these coasters are wicked! Damn now my head aches 
@ruskoofficial Damn I had a ticket for the A'dam show... but I couldn't come.... I feel sad 
Damn I didn't get that job  I can't splurge
Sickk again..3rd time in 4 months. Damn kidsss that I'm always around 
Damn...they're back. 
Damn I really really fancy some chocolate and we don't have any in the house 
Damn that sucks! 
Damn. Damn. Damn !  anyone hiring?
I've got an upset stomach  Damn cookies, ice cream, and pasta combo i had for dinner!!!
Damn you @keeeee_sha !! These polish fumes are getting to me !! I need dland !!!!!! 
My mom took the bacardi with her.  Damn.
welp, it's impossible to pack my whole room in one suitcase.. Damn it 
Damn can't find no jeans to fit my ass  and that's a size 11/12 http://short.to/gmiv
Damn, looks like this finna be my last week at victorias secret....shit ima be soo broke 
Damn my plant's not looking so good  could this be why I don't have kids???
Damn those clouds. They fooled me again and now I'm all sunburnt 
Damn you @rhetoricalbeat @jmkauke now I want a drink 
Damn. I'm going to miss this 
Damn i just drooled all over myself 
Damn it! Just finally saw #sytycd I liked max  I'm sorry...but kupono was weaker to me....its just crap
Damn it, need to get a plunger... or a plumber 
Damn it I spilled pop on the book I was reading, now 2 of the pages are messed up 
@pisaniel yeah i def do. boo freakin' hoo!!!  Damn little kiddies...
Damn soccer just got called off 
I missed 11:11. Damn 
Damn my dad and I went to vons, ce out of vons car battery was dead  walking home with fire wood and beer hahah
Damn i could have gotten a german shepard today stupid cat im stuck with you! 
Damn gotta go to sleep..another days of work coming up 
@djjohnnyj u not working tonite? Damn, I was gonna go hang out with u too 
at lumiere now. Damn bored. 
Damn it, that's a disappointment! 
I can't find my card reader!  Damn it!!
Damn my battery on my phone is startin to die 
@ShawnWhite Damn, man  What kind of car is it?
Damn power went out again. 
Damn. I was supposed to be catching up on sleep but I'm awake already 
@TerribleLouie Damn you already stood me up! 
Damn sleept 10 hours but still tired 
Damn im nt at home- cant vote for @Jonasbrothers today for da tca 
@eyelidder you must be SO bored... or totally jealous that #mongoose didn't make it. Damn... 
@johncmayer you're coming to belgium? Where? Damn i'm gonna miss the gig 
Damn...busy @ postal office 
Damn! I made a cup of tea but just remembered I have cup a soup in the cupboard...quite fancy one of those now 
Damn having to wake up this early. This cruise had better be worth it haha. See you all in a week. No phone/internet  Lates.
Damn tired now  seldom take the mrt didn't know wat a ticket office was.lol
must study.  Damn accounting. 
Damn, will be missing out on the #sicamp due to the 10k tomorrow 
Damn, left my headphones at work and I've got a 2hr train and boat ride 
Damn u rain, so much for golf 
Damn enjoying the pain of a gout attack....send me morfine please 
-Damn missed the train  // have 2 check when the next train goes 2 the airport // Gosh I hate this...-
That dream wasnt real? Damn. 
I want to tweet about travelling and touring too  But noooo, im just... here. Damn it.
man...It felt good to sleep in but Damn...bad headache comes with it 
Damn feeling absolutely terrible  , I want to do somethiiiing. I honestly can't decide what I want to do tonight. DAMNIT.
Damn there's no macbook cover at the apple store 
@mncal_dreamer i'm so jealous of the shark tag. Damn.  have fun!
Damn 2 be up this early just 2 get my hair done. And there not even open 
Two of my fish had a fight... both lost  Damn fish think they are free!
Damn im lazy...i went back 2 sleep and im jus waking up...this is soooo not like me  now im hungry as hell....
@TropicalBlend Damn, i wish i had 30 blunts! lol, i only got 3 for today 
Damn haven't eaten since lunch time yesterday! No wonder I have been so miserable 2day.  ok time to fix me up a plate
Plans cancelled. Damn rain 
@thelane Damn me - why 
Damn those one-a-day vitimin pills are huge to swallow! 
Damn this anger management class is boring 
Damn I been up since 8 and ain even ate!!! 
Damn weather got me feelin down! 
Damn it!! &gt;.&lt; // 
Damn..ustream.tv live stream links stopped working  WTF?
Damn where is @meazyva when u need em..blunt rolled....No lighter 
Damn I wanted to eat bbq tomorrow looks like a wrap for me 
I need foods. Damn. I have to go outside. 
@yoeristaal You know I will, stuff is shot I'm just lazy when it comes to editting. No round 4. Damn. 
Damn humidity today makes its feels like its 110.  
bed time!! Damn the people who decided not to show the boxing 
Damn,why is everyone so upset? I didnt mean for the tv to die! Things just happen, yet they always seem to happen to me -sigh- 
Damn,why is everyone so upset!? I didnt mean for the tv to die. -sigh- 
@citizendan Damn and damn again.  
Damn I have the flu 
Damn I was gonna go out for a run but I left my shoes at derics   oh well..plan B: p90x-legs n back and ab ripper x http://myloc.me/4JaR
Bout 2 die after two b-ball games...!!! Damn I'm outta shape!!!! 
Damn caution !!! 
Damn my legs hurt 
@CptheArtist never tried those.... I don't need guidance. Damn. 
Just down to one flatmate as of tomorrow at about 9:30. I can't sleep. Damn. 
Damn heartburn is killing me tonight 
Damn. This is a new feeling. An ultimate low.  Sucks I've slept too much and have too much energy to go back to it.
Damn no upgrade  At least i got an aisle seat, not too many fatties getting around the airport....hope thats a good sign
Damn, i forgot my earplugs 
Damn if I didn't have rent to pay i'd be suuuuch a baller 
@MandoFresko Damn! I thought it was your vagina. 
@still_smoking Damn if my mom did not live in the stone age (dial up) I'd find out 
My computer is officially dead. I hate the Damn thing but i need it for the fansite. I need the web. 
Damn @omgk I finally hit 10k and I have been on #xbox for over 3 years 
Damn it the jonas brothers really suck on this rerun of snl i thought they'd at least have some smidge of talent  ^O.o^
Damn theres no internet to steal up here..i wanted to read my ficc 
Damn somebody just got gunned down on monroe no bullshit damnnnnnn 
Damn so its raining till june 29th?! No I can't believe I'm seeing this on the weather channel. 
Damn yo i fuckin hate roches. Five minute starring contest and then i almost broke my dang finger 
Damn I swear we jus seen a nicca with a press and curl pulled in a bun couldn't twitpic cuz my phone flash 
Damn...the gate @ work is still closed 
So tired and my feet are still in pain.  Damn high heels! 
Damn. I actually really wanted to go running with ben today  never
@MARIANGEL1 Damn my phone died, just got home 
@o_n_l_y Damn! I missed them! boohoo 
is officially sick. Damn I hate that 
Damn, just stepped in dog crap 
Damn. I wanted to go to my jr. prom.   ended up getting tickets to any upcoming concert I wanna go to! Haha. X
No clear water   Damn! http://twitpic.com/800e0
Damn reports and marking 
eh. It hurts to lie down. Damn walking. 
Damn you for being so dependent on every friggin' thing! I regret knowing you. 
I cannot be bothered with marking today.... but I have to get some done as next 2 days are too busy to mark.  Damn. Damn. Damn. 
Damn it. I just dropped my phone 
Feeling low  my face is all red and inflammed and very uncomfortable! Damn alergies!
@PLUSSIZECUTIE can't see video on iphone. Damn 
Damn no cute guys at krogers today 
Damn i forgot to return my library book 
Damn it, this life's so monotonous 
Damn, didn't manage to get all the counting finished off. I'll have to come in at 7am tomorrow and do it then.. 
@Chantelsays A lot of people lor!! Damn sad one!!  I look stuck up meh!
Finally home. Damn tired but I don't want to sleep 
@Lizzzieeee Damn  I have wet hair too so snap and I am in just some shorts xD
@murtuzachhil Damn you man! I am the only one without an iphone 
Damn, I lost my dinner on the floor 
@dieguitoLAMB Damn!!  but actually which record cuz she has so much records ;-p
Damn. I'm fuckin loud. 
Damn I haven't seen my boo in so long. I guess he is never hungry ne more. 
Damn forgot to put me #squarespace in today 
Twit Twit twooooooooo I think an own has just pooed on my car! Damn bloody birds so many cars and it bloody picks mine grrrrrrrr! 
@rg2001mm It is a great damn. Damn toasters blew up the ship, though. 
Damn.,.4 dead now 
http://twitpic.com/856nk - I found away around the tape... Damn  so crazy!
Damn. It's rather difficult to make microwave S'mores without graham crackers. I thought we had some! 
@kittyhasclaws Damn it. So not hopeful.   Last time I had to take them, it was 2 days then hives.
Damn It, I should have called earlier 
Damn nestly really got bad chocolate there's not cookies at publix for ya boi  hope they get that right I need my cookies mane
Just realized my bday is in exactly 4 months from today... Damn 24  getn old sux!!
Damn... forgot to take pictures 
@sky14kemea Damn, so did I 
Damn vet bill was almost 300 bucks. And they aren't done yet.  
Damn it I left my laundry in the washer and somebody put it in the dryer!  
Damn, after half an hour of tossing and turning like a salad, i still can't fall asleep. 
@perezhilton im mad at you! You NEVE back to me. check you wedsites email!! Damn man!   making a lady wanna cry
No afternoon delight? Damn I miss vacation with my hubby 
Damn I left my sunglasses in his car 
Damn I miss tht herb ass nigga  he wouldve gladly did my laundry for me =/
Damn! There's a wootoff on and I did not know! 
I'm my lunch. Damn team leads sent me early cuz they hate me i guess 
Sneezing away like nobody's business. Damn hayfever 
Damn apparently im not allowed to be a vicor 
@giajordan Damn, I forgot to send him my address for it  I'll get on it asap cause I want moooore candy ;)
Damn if its raining in the city its probably gonna reach here soon 
Damn this shit hurts...I keep biting myself...this is not good 
Damn, I'm still @ work! 
Damn, what's wrong with me, 10+ hours of sleep, overslept and missed the train  stuck at the train station for 15 minutes
Damn! I'm tryin to find some energy to hit day gym!! 
@paulBLG Damn  I wish I saw it...is there any pics or video somewhere???
Damn, that's a known bug with the calendar.  
@GorgeousBorjas Damn him what an ass. He sure knows how to mess up a good night. 
Damn! Just did the math and it turns out I more then likey will not be able to get the netbook I want for anouther two weeks.  Damn rent.
Damn it my boyslost the college world series of base ball 
@LovelyLady bummer... I missed the cabs? Damn. 
Still feelin sicko!! Damn it got me bad 
Damn stomach is growling! That's what I get for eating a poptart 4 dinner. 
ahhhhhhh its cold and wet and not full of rainbows! Damn you winter, you ruined my day 
@HOUSEOFBIAS  Damn, I want it!!  Why must it be so far away?  
Damn, u den just threw me away!!!!! 
@JuanERR :o my bad i forgot. Damn i forgot a lot of things 
Damn. I'm not off tomorrow. I swapped a shift 
Why the fuck this chick got 14 missed calls on my phone from her back to back at 430am!?!? Damn yeen my woman  u crazy mufucka. -baq2sleep
Damn, thought I signed on for the #dotned meeting tonight, i just checked and I see I forgot to do it. No surface for me.. 
@coledude Damn, I need a bike. 
I lost my connection again! Damn it!! 
Damn imma be so tired today oops why did someone stream true blood online 
@arthurCRS @JamesParrish I am nine today, but forty in eight days   Damn maths!
Damn hungry and i1o on my way to the base first time going to the gym there since josh 
Damn sad abt the cam batt thing  i shouldve bought my stephen hawking book instead of hw cuz i know i wont do them anyway
@ShibbyJinkes Damn  
Damn... I think I just unfollowed someone trying to sign out of the program 
Oh just realised that today is my last day being 28  Damn I dont wana be 29 already... its not fair
Damn, I missed the third mangrove cip luh. 
Damn, there wasn't supposed to be an apostrophe there... 
So now twitter is a fireable website even if I am on break.  Damn the man with stupid internets policies
@SpacePirateRil Damn. I should learn to keep my big mouth shut. 
Damn &quot;free&quot; internet at my apartment is down so I have to hijack some wifi just to check my email even when it does work it is badly slow 
Damn, have to take the test again  
woke up with a high temp &amp;  headache had to stand outside to feel better. Damn it's cold out there. back to sleep now  so hungry though
Damn, it's hot today 
Damn it I just blew out a tire   http://twitpic.com/8dw9c
@mark_till its celery green. Damn her color choices!  
@Misfit86 Damn, that fucking sucks man...  
I have a cat sleeping on my face... Damn huckleberri 
@abooth202 Damn spammers  I like that flickr will remove all comments by a user when you block them, nice feature 
@heidiheartshugs Damn this spelling crap. I't = I'm 
Wow a creative day of writing, got 4 episodes planned, some scenes from all 4 written, now I need time to type!! Damn work! 
Damn got real cloudy real fast...oh well, now I don't feel so bad sitting in front of the TV watching hockey and enjoying a cold one 
Yay for rock band.  ugh school monday. Damn.
@bengoertzel I believe they already have and then decided to turn around. Damn teenagers. 
@kaylastrahm Damn straight.  pictures on facebook.
@brokep Damn right you'll win those appeals 
So I've applied for some jobs, worked out for an hour and cleaned my bedroom to perfection. Damn I'm good 
Damn, I love craigslist! 
in school  But bitching about Kvickly !! Damn you humans !!
Damn then this might be my last night on earth 
Damn......my pickiness is slowing this process. I need another drink to completely diminish my standards and speed this process 
Baaaaack!  Damn zombies, can't stop thinking about them :'(
@britishdumpling I forgot to tell you..I ate almost that whole choco piece on my way home! Damn you! 
Going to soundbar! Damn do I look fierce tonight  hehe
@tygerbaby Damn, I have got to move there. Hot hair pulling scenes in the bookstores and the subsequent knees to the junk. 
@JasonBradbury @DaveGorman Damn you! how do I become a celebrity so I can get one. 
Damn gotta go, see you later...I'll try tomorrow!  xx
Is feeling rough as hell, two nights on the lash- and 1 more to go! Damn need a new liver 
@OrganizedFellow that is true. Damn apple. But there is always restore 
I'm ready to start working on a new movie! And I want to start like tomorrow!...  Damn this business
@dotcompals yes... nice. I missed a lot of fun. Damn exams. you are looking good...hair 
@mikeplante It's already over? Damn! 
@AllanGoesDMB I listen to it alot at work.  Damn good show!  
@boilerfan_98 Damn, that's my favorite part...lol...ok, i'll just keep in stock alot then 
@NovaWildstar  Damn right!
@DaboyFrost Damn, that was you? 
Damn... I can Minsh at work... my career is kaput 
Damn right I like the life I live, cuz I went from negative to positive and it's aaaall goood. 
Just received a load of info from LUTG about budgets. Damn it, wish I'd had that this morning  Also, need to start getting up properly &gt;&lt;
Damn I do believe I ate alot today. Now a nap soon shall be in order. 
Eating some spicy ass salsa on some pupusas. Damn everything tastes better when u drink. I hate salvi food 
@ChuckWendig Damn, that sounds awesome. It also sounds like someone's gonna have a very nice night. 
@ladygagafan1 ;Damn thats sexyy.   
Damn I have someone on my mind, and I can't get it off. I guess I miss him.  --thats new.
Damn you make me oh so happy, ha what chu know about that. Lakers vs. Nuggets  
@PuffDaNess Damn right!! 
@swengeorge Or, read xkcd and abstrusegoose serially. Damn! I'm addicted to the latter. 
@blackdarkness51 Makes two of us! It's less than a week to wait now  Damn, I have a lot to do, and so little time!
@offendedblogger And you Damn well better hold him to it!  
#3stalkerwords &quot;Damn these bushes&quot;  so not stalking @30SECONDSTOMARS 
I made twice baked potatoes, broccoli and tomato salad with my blue cheese dressing, and lamb chops for dinner. Damn I'm good 
After like 2 hours of working on my car! I finally removed my intake resonator. Damn my car sounds sex. 
Damn.. my new cell phone cover is so fly 
Damn this amazing traler park  I always knew I had good taste in at least two things...music and men &lt;3
Is working on two project-plans...Damn I'm good at planning 
Out of work going home now. Damn lots of girls here in vegas  that was not so hero updates lol
Damn flex is teasing the club with birthday sex... 
Damn this is fun, really 
