Most common words for this cluster:
[('damn', 959), ('i', 75), ('time', 43), ('day', 38), ('today', 36), ('quot', 35), ('na', 33), ('amp', 32), ('night', 31), ('lol', 30), ('work', 24), ('year', 23)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Damn', 0.9566138386726379), (u'freaken', 0.7056986093521118), (u'@_WonderwallMSN', 0.7041730284690857), (u'@_ESPN_Michelle', 0.7030413746833801), (u'Kimzolciak', 0.7018867135047913), (u'KhloeKardashian', 0.7012011408805847), (u'Frickin', 0.6843801140785217), (u'Hell_naw', 0.6805310845375061), (u'Arrgh', 0.6799479126930237), (u'questlove_@', 0.6794552803039551)]





Somebody is selling the Japan only release of my first album on E Bay for $25. Damn thats it? A classic is worth more than that! 
Nothings worse than planning on going to the mall with no money  Damn Unheavens Dunks
Shit! I think I sprained my ankle... What am I going to do for my 1.6km NAPFA run tomorrow?!? Damn. 
@bandofmagpies Damn them!   Seriously though, that sucks....
Damn, all my joints are sore at the moment. Either I'm feeling the effects of my PT session, or I'm getting sick, or both. 
Damn.  It just hit me - this is the first year Avery's not around to eat carrot cake.  
Okay, Chaotic is a repeat today.  Damn, I got up early too.  
@albeitludicrous Pepperoni Passion (y). I swear i took a pic but i don't think it saved  Damn i wanted to share the memorable event.
Frenchy is DEAD!!! (in a bad way...................) Damn 
Damn my fucking Brain... searching for an Slab Serif Type called Lubilin or something similiar 
Damn i miss the application specially made for IPL at cognizant!  since i don work there anymore. it was more like cricket fantany league!
My first post is a rant  *inhales deeply: Damn you Korea! Hurry up and unify (preferably tomorrow before I hand in my essay!) cont..
I LOVE USF. But Berkeley is still making me sad... Damn lowell situation all over again. 
Damn us and our sickly bodies! Lol. Ouch i hurt! 
Damn you, Noah Wyle, and your depressing polar bear commercial! 
Damn ... At the UFC fight. 
@NathanFillion BAH!  I just went to the website.  Damn.  I'm sorry I'm going to miss it. 
Damn...audio on the Fresno game went all weird and now I can't listen to it. 
Damn! I love my Nigga. But how can I tell him his girl looks like the shit out my hamster's ass?? Its not even a joke 
Damn it battery in mp3 is dead no Dresden Dolls.   its all @zaldor's fault!
Damn. I have all these beautiful orchids and my good friend to give them to is now gone. No more flowers for Esta 
I hate all of you people who are at Coachella!!!! JK. I'm just jealous.   Damn recession!
Snuck into a bar! That was hella scary! Damn i wish i was 21 already 
Damn!!! Sutil crashes  #f1.
@JoelMadden Damn you Joel Madden lol you told us the end of the movie why why why..... 
@therealTiffany what Liddell lost ? Damn I missed it 
Off to spend money again  Damn kids do nowt but eat! Swimming later though, I wonder what I will lose there this time, hopefully the kids!
Damn it Arsenal lost the game yesterday 
Another loser: Damn it Arsenal lost the game yesterday  http://tinyurl.com/cq2hh3
Damn, my first day and already the office furniture is acting up! Stupid drawer is jammed 
@psyche1701 Damn, I use Dentyl. Guess it's time to find something else  Ta for the heads up chuck.
Also just decided I need a boyfriend. Looked at the trash like &quot;Damn, I gotta take all of that out? Hmph!&quot; One downfall to being single. 
Damn you West Brom... I knew I should have put Schwarzer as my goalie instead of giving Given another week 
Sun is shining and im working Damn! 
Damn, I missed the $140 X Box 360 on Woot. 
@ramulis Damn, Youtube &quot;This video is not available in your country. &quot; 
Damn I think I'm weird. I'm the only one who can eat Grits by itself and Greens by itself 
Gahh! .. Remembered that not only do I have to go back to school tomorrow but that I also have English mocks ..  Damn it! ..
Tortilla soup - 1, yummy dinner - 2 : we won !!  Damn these burns hurt  
Damn. Knackered back while diving over the weekend. Mostly discounted DCS (thx diving doc), but need to get checked out to make sure 
@TheColorAbi Aweeee  I hope you feel better soon ... Damn it, I keep saying that. Really, I hope you will feel better soon :] Sup?
@dosborne was here before @aplusk  - woot! I don't have a million followers though...   Damn that Kutcher and his D90.
Damn Class today  at noon better not be long!
Forgot to empty kleenex out of sons pants before washing. Damn 
Damn, just got sick...  siting in my house and surfing the WEB!!! what can be better than that!! sorry but school sucks!!;)
Holy crap I'm lucky I got my sword when I did because the Weapon Baron is now gone. Damn and I wanted to get some more things from him. 
Son of a bitch! Damn this game makes me so angry... There go my points. 
Damn, it upsets me when I find rendering issues in Safari, I always assume it's spot on. Random overflow redraw issue 
Ahhh this sunshine needs taking advantage of! Damn work  deeper than rap baby big mo'fuckin album!! Rick ross all day erryday bun 50!
@skipbronkie The Bideawee in my town had to close down  Damn you recession!
Morning al, overslept, AGAIN!! Damn I need to try and sleep more 
@skillsmatter Damn GGUG in the middle of SpringOne, will miss out 
@Sporbo Argh! I still don't have internet at home yet! Damn you iinet!!! No gossip girl or the hills for me 
Omg.  4am and its this hot??? Damn, we're in for a blistering summer.    (This makes me sad)
is gettin sick! Damn! Go figure I have big weekend plans. I could feel it when I woke up this morning &amp; I ignored it! Grrr!! 
Damn Larry king is crying 
Damn PA. There is no 3G only Edge out here in the woods. 
Internet after 1 day of withdrawal. I think I need to get help for this addiction... and lucozade orange. Damn Ada offers 
@jessicastrust @Kirsty_H_99 @mizzlizwhizz Damn it... you're all having fun in here without me aren't you 
Damn Revision, why must it take up all my time, i want to start reading Dot Robot, not maths notes or devices and circuits 
Damn iMovie is giving me hard time.. 
Damn,I wish I were at Bamboozle. I miss my friends 
The show of Lady Gaga in Amsterdam is sold out... Damn it! 
Kicked ass on my social psych final! Relaxing, then working from 6-9. Damn dippin dots for making me miss the JONAS premier 
Free comic book day?! Damn me for living in this small hick town. 
Damn, forgot to install the fonts I need for GameSpite on the laptop.  Every time I'm ready to write turns out I forgot something importnt
Damn construction! Stuck in traffic, I have huge headache I need an advil 
@SelfMade2K9 Mannnnnnn I've been better... Damn BULLS broke my heart tonite..  Wus good wit chu amigo??
Damn you Grassland for making me hold my bladder for nearly 1hour! They really should have a build in toilet inside them coaches 
Damn the bulls were so close!  maybe next year Chicago
I really should stop Tweeting and start dressing... work soon. Damn  x
@MFlanders well yeah. Everyone is prettier and more popular than me. Learned that one in high school 15 years ago! Wait. Damn. 
Damn. I should have choose making a Game Engine as my thesis 
Damn, my NAS is failing on me. 
- Damn, I really F**ked up last night.. Forgot to set my alarm 
I swear I will never get another damn license suspension inna mi life!!! Cause dis a some real fu?!@ry I should b sleep... Damn 
Apologies are tough. Don't know what to say, how to say it, when to say it. Damn egos getting in the way. Damnit, I need to tell someone 
Late late late! Damn it! I wanted to get to Copenhagen! 
Off to run Santa Monica Classic...Damn, will I ever get to sleep in this weekend??  I didn't think so 
OMG I'm mortified that my grama was just talking to me about anal sex. Damn you Health Channel. Damn you to HELL!!! 
Today I can really feel those shots of vodka what was I thinking? Ok I wasn't thinking  Damn you Eric!! lol
Damn. Cause i need a cable...  and you need somethin to do.
Damn. Poor Hoff. Get some help bb 
@Littlebird3107 I was crapped on by a seagull once, what the hell do those things eat? The mess was unbelievable. Damn things 
@jimmymarsh617 Damn Jimmy, where is the love? I need to be cheered up tonight 
Damn...I feel asleep and missed Ricky live 
Dont suppose anybody knows where i can get a pair of new TCA arms for a mk3 capri do you? Damn me for owning a 23 year old car no spares 
At school, I couldn't be more bored. Wishing I was sleeping at home. Damn 
Damn! I need to print off some CV's and the printer is borked 
Damn...Penguins got a quick goal at the end of an OT power play; they now lead the series 3-2.  
OKKK...I've been gone 4 a min...but I'MMMMMMM BACCCKKKKK!!!!! Damn lost a follower..  o well... LET's get it!!!
Missed the games  Damn job! Almost my bed time.
just realized that I am sunburnt on my face and arms. Worm and TJ somehow managed to tan though...  Damn Lebanese genes...
Woooo MSY are opening in Elizabeth. Damn the attraction to want to spend money will be close at hand 
@imacri Damn! Tweetie borked on your mother tongue tweet 
@jupaman Damn Pablo sorry to hear your troubles with Apple  Hang in there kid!
Damn! Illegal shit can be hard to buy on the interwebs. 
Damn, really busy night for #Chestermere emergency 
Damn late night and RPattz is gone 
just spoke with my family back home via Skype. Damn it! I wanna go home... 
Damn my dad threw out my Mason metallic jacket thinking it was garbage  hundreds down the tube! I wanna cryyyyyyyyy.
Damn MSN, the video call sound is all up the wall, can't even talk to each other - why I have no idea as I'm not technical enough 
Damn memories &gt;=| AOISJAIOJS)WI)@(I!@)(281902719812781297!@&amp;*(@&amp;!&amp;(1937709212130892(*)U#(#)!)(27109@)&amp;(2701)&amp;(.  love for you Mara &lt;3
Damn it to the first depths if hell. Just broke the claw on the Mr. Psycho Robot Wars toy. In an awkward part too. 
Damn it to the bowels of bloody hell. Just broke the claw on the Mr. Psycho Robot Wars toy. In a very awkward part too 
Damn need to take my car to the garage  EPC is flashing
Damn it Magic.  Lost at the last second, literally  Very exciting game though
@FRANKIEBABY09 Damn I wanna fuck hoopz  If Flav can hit it anybody can lol
Damn I'm mad. Psyche O's label folded now i can't find their old vinyl's 
Omg massive head rush almost feel over when i was waking before. Damn you anemia! 
my advice for the day: don't share IV's with others. Damn drug users don't just mess up their own lives, they mess up the whole family's. 
Soooo early. And there's no light until the end of a very long tunnel. Damn busy weekends! 
Damn you Tubby. Why must you sleep in the very centre of the foot of the bed? I can't sleep comfortably now. 
@nickb Damn VW for not having that when I bought my Beetle at the end of 2002. 
@therattlesnake Damn it, Travis. I live close to Waco, and want to see COV... but can't check the dates on my phone. No internet = FAIL. 
Damn it's cold. brrrr! Wish i was at home with my kikibear  Nothing better than snuggling in bed with her watching Finley the Fire Engine!
@XXXdestinyday Damn i missed out again...I was sleeping when you was on Yahoo!  *sad face*
Damn...I can't believe it's over. Until next year 
@ChinqMiau Pah! I didn't get a key  Damn you, why do I miss out!
Damn you Metro for telling me who got fired on the #apprentice last night...thought I could make it til 7pm tonight without finding out 
Damn it. I'm 2 weeks behind on LOST and everyone is tweeting about it.  
Damn, my Brother 340CW printer is busted, either the head is knackered or two of the ink feeder tubes are blocked. Either way not fixable 
Jonesing for some NINJA tickets. Couldn't get any during the NIN fanclub presale or general sale   Damn scalpers!!!
@ home chillin laying on the air matress watching Blow bout to pass out....  Damn its fucking cold!! Brrrr... 
@MichaelBarley but no cigar! Damn that final Norwegian vote 
Skype on #ubuntu hogs 100% cpu, loses voice  after a few mins  Damn I need that fixed for virtual workplaces to work.
@miketually Chickens, you have chickens? Damn, and jealous, we want chickens but covenant on the house prohibits them 
Damn, crashed with my scooter last night. Nose damaged, but nothing too serious. My name will be: scarnose 
Damn sore throat!! Grrr 
167 days until I see Rise Against in Copenhagen!  Damn, that's tooooo long... 
Up earlyish for a relaxed road ride with @modernmod, @fuzzz, @emenel, @flashlight, et al. Damn it's cold out! Barely above freezing! 
Goddamn rain has ruined my day again. Half hour skating in the park and then down it comes. And I worry my skates will go rusty 
Damn you touring cars over-running  i want the Giro..
Damn. Cake not out of oven yet. Will have to carry on mowing 
@PKDequalslegend woah woah woah. Exam has pre 1914 poems on two poets. Damn i was not aware Lennie dies  and i've heard that song once
Piano practice time. Playing since I was 7 makes me realise I was better then. Damn having no time 
Damn! Pc crashed .... 
feeling those damned planks and other ab exercises from yesterday.  Damn.  Hurts like a bitch. 
Damn Maigny Triangle! A little wind, a little rain and the power ALWAYS goes out 
Damn Marigny Triangle! A little wind, a little rain and the power ALWAYS goes out 
@Demi2U Damn it  I love banana cake  You doing it when I'm no longer there :-P
@motleyangel killer pic! Damn deathplague keepin me from a great show  tell WB teebes says hi!
Damn. The dialogue between Stewie and Eminem wasn't captioned! 
Damn. @GavinNewsom was in my hood today and I wasn't there to see him.    Bet the parade was a hoot to watch.
Damn it. Almost actually managed a smile when I thought new ABM ep was up but I clicked &amp; it just said 'Coming soon!' That's just cruel 
Genomics can be frustrating at times  Damn those SNPs...why can't everyone be the same..?
Lifo fifo. Yeah Bitch. Haha Damn business 
Man. Barely anyone is logged on to the cosplay.com Anime North forums  and @tfserpa is asleep. Damn it. *lonely*
Damn just realised I talked myself into a 5am meeting (8pm LDN) 
Morning. Damn, no wonder my cats didn't let me sleep peacefully. Yay for EPD on Celtics game, Nay for TSCC officially canceling   Waaaaah!
Woohoo! Hit 500 followers after losing a few this weekend by mistake  clicked the wrong delete button! Damn tools.
Damn i got wrecked in Fantasy baseball this week 
Damn! GF just told me that she's sick... so i guess i'm gonna get home earlier and have to cancel tonight's plans with one of my friends. 
Damn. Came in this morning from the weekend and my fish looks like it has some severe ich. I might have to ice her. 
 I am gonna miss sam bradley's concert in L.A. Only one day earlier!Damn!
Fridays are the new Mondays here. Damn 
@johntv you're in LA? Damn... Wish I was out there too! 
@jessicastrust Damn. Cancel your video recorder for Breakfast BBC - they're dropping the story. &gt;&gt; what am I paying my license fee for?? 
With @paggeeey BTW. Damn, I got a tan. I hate tans. 
@empiremagazine Damn you Empire! What's the blue flower in the top right? I'm at 35 now and tearing my hair out! 
@Sammy_Ingram Damn you rolls of 1 and 2 
@epicwagg Ox-bow lakes are rather cool. ;) No I ment he was stupid not who was he lol. Damn, I got distracted from revision again. 
#FF @tiamowry because she was GirlMelanie on my favorite show, The Game.  Damn them for cancelling my show 
Damn! The Firefox poker aint loading! 
@iamfacemelter Awesome, man!! Damn wish I lived down there so I could make it. Guess I'll have to settle for the YouTube video 
Damn Lebron Kobe SHowin Who Should Of Been MVP This Year 2 Damn i'm lookin stupied hoping u guys can pull a comeback from 3-1 
Damn it, Cleveland!!! 
@nySparkled : / Damn same here boo..I bought Benadryl, but it knocks me out 4 da ENTIRE day..smh 
OMG!!  I just realized the Magic is up 3-1 in the series!   Damn, I really like Lebron; hope they pull it off.
Damn traffic! Shoulda had more time with dearies @jasdans &amp; @carinacho 
@JSpikEThinG Hey Spike I read this morning newspaper about #rejectprop8!! It didnt came true, Damn politics!!!  How are ya?
@dawnrichard http://twitpic.com/65laa - MG!!! Thoz r fuuukin hoooottt!! Damn I want thoz  good choice 4 que daddy!!
Just finished a playthrough of Portal. Missed 7 cameras of 33 total. Damn 
@mynameissasha I want hamsters. Cute much! Damn. 
Damn Cavs won!!   Ready for the Lakers tomorrow!!!
Damn...Cheez-Its are ADDICTING! 
At Charle's with the power out. LOL! Damn SaveMart lost power and we could not buy beer. 
Its so Fucking hot! Damn no air conditioning. 
Damn I failed in my assassination attempt on Louis  re: http://ff.im/3mrIM
@iamdiddy I don't think they sale Ciroc where I stay..Damn..thats just my luck 
Jinxed myself! Damn system upgrade didn't stick... Starting again 
Forced myself out of bed this morning, but failed to cycle in. Damn. 
Wah, my fav whattaburger location is closing on the 31st. Damn. Good thing I'm moving.  Damn  Mon/fri won't be the same
Lmao i come on mad replies im like damn im missed ... Damn follow friday lmao so im still not important or missed 
Damn Latvian beaurocracy. As a non-resident I can't publish my braille highway code. Another blind alley  Woe is me. Anyone speak farsi?
@kingstonpaul Damn! I wish I were going! Found out too late to get wranglers for my kids and @bobalert.  I miss #mountainjam every year!
Damn. Stephane doesn't even feel sorry for me. Off to work then 
10 more days to go for Freedom!!!!!! Damn these xams!! 
Damn, looks like the USB card reader that I got from Dealextreme doesn't work. I can see the files on the card but they are read only 
No more Wiffleball..  Damn.
@GenuineAmy Dude, I miss the 90's.   btw, the name of my mix is &quot;Damn the man! Save the 90's!&quot; hahaha
Geometry is so Damn boring.  waste of time.. 20 more minutes left
Math class ugh.  Rather be a class act.  Damn quiz   gotta act fast
@Bizfizz Damn damn and blast!  I'm at LMHR tomorrow and Sam out   Who is running it?  I could see if she could join next week?
Damn internet jus cut me off!  was bout 2 shoot sum guys eye out  ~*~KANDI~*~
@darkmindedsith Damn it. I can't film it. Nevermind 
Damn... Why does it take so long to install SBS2008?! 
@sheagunther Damn, I'd be interested in working with Care2, but I don't live in SF anymore 
@Hardcore4 Damn Frat - that's too bad...  Should be a good show (at least I'm hoping so) esp. since it's in BK...
Damn it. Totally gutted I decided not to go out tonight. Roni Size is DJing 
@ThisStarChild Night you. Damn did I give you #ff? If not, sorry, I will do a late one tomorrow. I always forget someone  night xxx
Damn if there is anytime I need my car... its now! Dammit 
Had a great day, apart from the fact that I bought a USB HUB and as soon as I plugged it in, it broke!!!!    Damn you Tesco!!!!!!
I got dropped froma coupla ppl that were following me  Damn Detroit Fans!!!
Damn I wish I was at Botcon with everyone. 
Damn M-Audio IE-30s! I just remembered how much I &lt;3 u &amp; now the right earbud has ceased functioning  My Shure's r 2 bright w/ lame bass.
Damn PLDT, I still dont know when I will be back online, I've been offline for 2 weeks already 
Damn. Lost one. Seems someone's friend is going to look after Abbey this weekend. I liked my visit w/her this morning 
@Street3 Hey man. I am dqunk and out of mini #tpt. Damn donkey sent me to rail 
Damn no Burning Bright 
Peer review is very bored out of my mind.  A lot of mistakes  Damn fool!!
Ack! I threw up.   Damn, it's been a long while since I've drank so hardcore.
Damn........better luck next year Denver 
This game made me mad! Damn Denver! 
Damn Chauncey Billups is blown. Sorry Denver! 
@Lyrical_Gangsta a. Why are u twittering threats b. Damn I like that picture c. Sad day the nuggets lost 
Damn...looks like Rondo Music doesn't sell the P/J Fretless anymore.  *sigh*
@brisabourin Damn Canadians 
Trample i mean. Damn this medication is kickin my ass 
Ow, my feet.  Damn it! Why do all shoes hate me?
Damn its only 1130  stay awake! Chillin with Radio..
Damn...KP has ended 
@Gazamom I'd love to see that! As a success but I think the drones might have issue and intercept  Damn them. 
is awake!  Damn! Today might be realllllly LONG! LOL I think I better kick the marnin' off right; a bit of skating, anyone?
Damn got into a fight with Karlo again.. 
Does NOT want to work today 'spesh since I didn't get much work done at all yesterday  Damn you Afro Samurai!
having oxymoron feelings... Ecstatic that torres signed til 2013 :-D but he got married last week  Damn lucky woman she is!
Damn hair gel hasn't lasted. Fluff zone.  @Benjimonicus reply to my text damnit!
Damn just figured out that iTweet isn't sending any of my tweets from my phone. Pooh 
Having an argument with the our big printer...    Printer 1 - Joe 0  Damn thing 
Sat in the media center at  Thruxton suffering severe lens envy   Damn these bikes are fast.
Damn, i really dont want to get up  but im up now. (Sigh)
So Bootcamp just totally kicked my ass ... Damn I'm way outta shape!! ...And I tweaked my ankle 
Damn yall... Ima be 26 nxt wk. I am old as hell! 
OMG, dell is discontinuing the Mini 9~!! Damn, just as I was thinking of buying one 
@AlanCarr Damn that was my first choice  Most upbeat song I can think of is Terrorvision &quot;Tequila&quot;....
Dusnt want d VacAtIoNs to End..  Damn College...huh :/
YouTube: BRA!!!!:  				 				 				im too slow Damn it  ok i guess i didnt wanna show u wat ive seen coz.. http://tinyurl.com/knw9o8
How did i get stuck watchin over everything Smh Damn n im hungry  didn't have ne breakfast
TWEEPLE Damn did yall have as much trouble as i did wakin up this morning... I know yall still feel it from last night! MY poor nuggets 
My finger is so sore, it's unreal. Damn reins.  Should've just worn my gloves.
Damn it! Played 4 games of pool won twice and scratched on the 8 ball twice...2-2 
I fell asleep watching highlights on ESPN last nite. Damn! Now when I turn my tv on...NUGGETS loss 
@TreseyB I fell asleep watching highlights on ESPN last nite. Damn! Now when I turn my tv on...NUGGETS loss 
Damn. Failed another part of the marraige prep class.  Jen wants us to decrease spending on fun stuff if both of us lost our jobs.  
... I think this song is in 3/4 time but ARGH I can't quite tell... Damn my talent of musical instinct, talent, and knowledge 
Damn, had to leave the #bigd09 early  too bad, wanted to hear what they thought about the Motrin scandal on twitter
Damn I have to go to the NICU.... I hate going down there... All those little tiny babies 
Damn, Demi Moore just told me who won BGT!! How dare she know from over in USA.... Was watching live 
Damn. Out in the second level. Oops  A5 vs AA on an A5827 board, blind vs blind. Mrs hazey doing great though!
Damn you weather! WHY must you ruin my first beach day?! 
Damn you Canadian weather! WHY must you ruin my first beach day of the summer ?! 
Damn you Gavin!!!!!!  I want my computer back!!!! 
@ExponentEnt Damn I thought yall was done movin in...lol... I would come through &amp; help but im in Jersey 
Damn yo, WTf? This is the 2nd person I heard about dying TODAY.   R.I.P to my youngin' Aaron a.k.a A-Butta/A mooga. Senseless violence man
Damn... I'm getting a cold. I thought I had avoided it from my snotty client yesterday.... Boooo 
Damn just realized imma miss the entire game being on the road  Go magic!
Damn 2.2.1 Firmware 
Damn! Damn! Damn! I can't go see Carlos Santana tonight because I have to work The Offspring! 
@ a sports bar watching the game. Damn Labron. LET'S GOOOO!! 
Sheet? I meant sheer. Damn typo. 
Damn itttt Pens lost! 
Damn if something amazing doesn't happen now the King will lose 
Why can't I be allergic to peanuts / shellfish? Something avoidable? Gah, Summer sucks! Damn grass &amp; trees &amp; nature! And darn dogs &amp; cats 
Damn it all! I wish there was a Jack's Urban Eats close by. 
Damn.... Cleveland lose  can't believe it..... Lebron got... Absoluty.... Shut .... Down.....
GRR, I wants to go the Movie Awards! Damn friend gets to go 
Damn I left town and forgot the charger for my iphone. Major 
Damn Cleveland .... 
Damn!! My throat is really soar  But it wont stop me from recording new part of Crystal Lounge later today.
Damn. Raleigh is full of lame ass conservative mother fuckers. 
Damn. I'd spend more time in Starbucks if I weren't such a pussy; it's fucking cold! Feels like my muscles are gonna crush my ribcage. 
Damn it  I'm stuck on this name! It's either Annabell, or Avarice [Slave name; tie-in with her backstory.]
Can't find my fuccin headphones.... Smh @ me !!!!! Damn my fuccin headphones !! 
@Parlay3 Damn dude you still hitting da gym?! U gettin it huh?! I aint mad, do ya thang..  I wanna go hoop, but they close bball @ 1am.. 
Damn rain! Harajuku was a wash out. Glimpses of cool fashion mixed with damp irritability 
Shit pimple. I guess Christmas came to early for me this year  Damn, I need to get rid of youuuu :|
Damn!!! Both the penguins and cavs lost last night  At least the jays won . Two in a row!
Damn RSI...no guitar playing for me till wednesday! 
Damn, now I want to buy some LEGO 
Damn! Headache... 
Damn you BSNL. Net is down 
Damn this song is depressing: Theres a reason why people dont stay who they are, Cause baby sometimes love just aint enough 
@Brandi88 Theres more? Damn wish they would have put them in too  Watch the deleted scene w/ commentary or the scene in the movie?
Damn, Chelsea won the cup  ....next year for the toffeemen!!!
Bummed I'm missing #TXTRCON. Damn reg fees!  
Damn! Wondering why twitter has been so PG this weekend. Its cuz @wendi916 iz gone. Damn I miss her! 
@Billydeelicious Siiiiimmmmsssss!!!  YAY!  Damn meeting getting in the way of Sims. 
Damn, I have ADD! I can't even finish this graphic for the site for being absorbed in my surroundings. 
Damn i miss my Blackberry i need it back on. 
@marvelvscapcom Damn it ! Everytime i check your page i am 3 minutes too late   I certainly will never ever get a redeem code, will i...
@marvelvscapcom Damn it! Everytime i check your page i am 3 minutes too late  I certainly will never ever get a ps3 redeem code, will i..
I am... So Pissed off @ that game last night!... Damn It LeBron!... 
Update - Space Marine seems to be console only.  Damn! But it looked good!
has exams this week! Damn GCSE resits 
Damn, #ONTD people did well last night. I missed it all 
Damn my IPOD wont charge for me grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr hate that &amp; I have to work tomorrow bank holiday, hate that 2 
Damn. I forgot UIC caught fire. Stuck in traffic 
Damn this movie had a really sad ending.  you guys are in for a treat. -Maestro
ohh noo wah a gd time for my bloody calculator to star playing up .. when my life depends on it tomowah  GRR Damn u
Damn It! Kai scores 
@jacobdexter Jacob - as ever - thanks for the quick reply babes! Damn - wanted to upload some pics... 
Wow just caught up with an old friend from Olathe!! Damn I miss KS 
REVS SACCC *runs around screaming* Damn You, Treaty of Brest Litovsk! 
@bnedwards88 It sure is Brit, Damn that sucks u have homework 
In atl!!! Loving every minute of it!! Damn I DO NOT want to go back to tally!! 
@PapaLazarou Ah, but I got one trick up my sleeve, miming. By the way, can you smell that too?  Damn, better use more Lynx.
NOOOOOO they didn't kiss!  Damn it! But YAY for movie award for best kiss!
@souljaboytellem Damn Dre.....do we gotta be ass naked to get a reply from u???? 
Ooh off to school it is then. Damn I didn't my sniging lesson homework I suck at that 
Damn! Hdmi cable didn't fix my Xbox red ring problem, must be video related tho  http://twitpic.com/6e4k3
I think my idea for Yasmeins birthdaygift is good, but.. FAIL. I screwed it up  Damn.
WORLD OF WATERCRAFT SUCKS! Damn you Grand Thief Auto Four 
@amycurrie zOMGPONIES! I want a Bento Box! Damn lack of cheap quality asian food in northern Sweden 
@carriehartford Mmmm.... Kettle Chips. Damn diet I'm on at the mo! 
Damn it! Giovanna is starting to lose to Charice  http://bit.ly/be9nb Vote Gio!!!! xx
Spotify doesn't work for me in the office anymore. Damn stupid proxy 
Flight #447 search area: http://short.to/cyo1 Last life sign: Automated signal &quot;catastrophic electrical failure&quot;.  Damn.
Damn it, Tommy Haas lost after winning the first 2 sets. 
Damn i'm a jerk! Reason for the traffic was a motorcycle accident!  http://yfrog.com/053wpj http://yfrog.com/0yqeoj
Wow; missed the boat right off the start; Stock is @+3.33% now &amp; not moving. If I had margin, I could sell short. Damn $25k rule. Ideas? 
Spin class is over, I've had my chai and am making oatmeal. Damn, no raisons or bananas!  
Sims3 launch is tommorrow @ 2pm &amp; I'll be working away  Damn, i feel so saddddddd. I wanna gooooooo! Shld i take MC? =X
Damn food truck smells bomb. No $  , I want an empenada. Or a breakfast torta. Yummy !
Crap i totally for to do my outline. Damn. 
Damn it Jere was right: tweeting is just like yelling in a large empty warehouse with infinite echo 
Damn Microsoft press event hasn't started yet and my plane is boarding early... 
Insomnia. D'you know... It's 2am and I still can't keep my eyes closing. Damn! Again? I bet it's 4 or 5 
@george_stirling Arse!!! No I misread it  Buy one get one half price!! Damn!
@chriscornell http://twitpic.com/6cx9c - Damn to my shyness.    Next time, Chris? ;)
Aaaah man. I can't watch the Emmy's live    Damn Schoool grrr &gt;:[
Damn Tessier for convincing me to stay an hour later. 
@sarahdesamours I'mm officially in ur luggage in June!!! Peut pas aider genre!!! LOL.. Opps Damn.. I have Serani coming here... I can't 
Damn. Missed #xboxe3 
MAJORLY pissed off that I can't go to see Miranda Sings. Damn staying with my dad for the week/my mum going on holiday/work experience. 
Damn EA E3 conference feed is constantly buffering  #e3
Damn it. Didn't win the nVidia Ion board. 
Damn, 1st night of OCtoberflame this year as at the Wiltern. I F-ing HATE the Wiltern 
@nicksantino Damn, lucky. I'm gonna be in Washington state during that time 
@KikiElise YAY Princess Bride!  Damn missed battle of wits.  One of my goals in life is to recite that with someone without planning it.
Damn cold  and if that's not enough I also have a sore throat.... I'm calling it a night. Stay safe all!
8/45 on PokerStars. Paid 7. I HATE going out on bubble. Played well but no luck when I needed it. Damn !!!!!!!!!! Bedtime 
Down grading my Quad to a Core 2.    Damn you Intel and your shoddy products!!!!
Totally forgot this is Conan's first night and totally forgot about I'm A Celebrity. Damn I'm at work and can't set the DVR from here 
Damn! Playin all this bball.  So much for my french pedicure. 
Why am I addicted to The Bachelorette? Damn romance 
@__Kizzle Conan came back? Damn I hope he did well with ratings. I missed it. 
Damn. HTC Magic seems to have problem connecting to free wifi on train. Wont let me click on login button 
Damn I wanna watch conan. Seriously need my own tv 
MBP restarted and fan still going waaaay too fast. Damn - would seem to indicate a hardware prob 
Writing user acceptance testing (UAT) for leading national media outlet  Damn my logic flows ...
@SyrupTiger I planned on watching Ghost and then I forgot  Damn it Carl
@SyrupTiger I planned on watching Ghost and then I forgot  Damn it Carl: @SyrupTiger I planned on watching Gho.. http://tinyurl.com/ml5nw5
In 2 weeks I've lost all my strength &amp; stamina! This is an outrage. Damn you Turkey &amp; Brighton. I'm gonna weep in2 my cheese salad sarnie 
@traceyhand Damn and Blast 
@DiazDiazDiaz yaz.. emang si amm mau nonton PCD? Damn maan! i'm craving for PCD..  btw follow gw dong.. lo kan fans berat gw yazz..
Damn. I can't download the Movie Awards... 
If I had no morals I mos def wouldnt be going to work!! I hate being a good person sometimes  !! Damn Navy lol
Galloway municipal complex.... Damn my focus on finals. And forgetting to put up my handicap parking sign. And paying a huge fine!!! 
Damn, spoke too soon, SDA logged me out about 2 seconds after my previous post 
@stuarthicks I'll have the same problem next year and I'm already so anxious about it. Damn you Karoo 
Being vertical results in screaming back pain   Medicating and laying back down. Damn, and I had things to do today. Grrrr!
@CSI_PrintChick Telling me link is not found. Damn interwebs 
And that's the megaton. Damn. Where's Miyamoto-sensei!?  #e3
Damn you, Dentist! Because of you, my face is out of order today. 
Damn it Ruapehu is going to have another awesome season   http://bit.ly/BPqR3
Damn she's just informed me she's been crushing really hard on a mutual friend. Shit. 
Damn ASPCA Commercials!!! Stop making me all sad 
Boooo no Pens game for me tonight   Damn basic cable!
@andiconvey why am I missing out on all the cool shows this summer? Damn you Hawaii 
Damn, I missed the finale of Law&amp;Order SVU!! Any1 know when it repeats please help! 
Damn my baby phone went dead and he can't charge it bcuz his power still out *ugh* THIS SUCKS!!! 
Damn, DWF is closing down.  Where will I get my Doctor Who fix come August?
rt @thepete Damn, the online store where we bought @JayThePal and @KayThePal from has been shut down b/c Toys R Us bought FAO Schwarz  Sad
Damn  i'm having final exams for 3 WEEKS &amp; 3 DAY  *dead*   oh god please let me die 
@hipichic OMFG that's so shit. Damn I can't believe it happend again. 
Argh! Puncture on my back wheel this morning made me come off my bike. Damn broken glass. I'm working from home today. 
@tommyblom this will be the first time I've not visited the CIC course for an extra helping of krav maga. Damn logistics! 
@Tarale Damn p-platers.. your poor little beep-beep is broked  Written off might not be such a bad option y'know.
Damn. @arminvanbuuren tix sold out in Perth 
Damn, I thought I successfully blind coded a whole WP Plugin page. Unforunately I didn't it's got a few errors to deal with 
@imaginefx Damn my local WH Smith - still got the old issue on the shelf 
Still scunnered today  am not where I should be an am not gettin there anytime soon Damn airlines even Gilmore Girls isna cheering me up
I dont eat sea food but im lookin 4ward 2city Island 2nite,Damn I still can believe 2morrow Ima B another Year Older, But I still feel 22 
Damn migraine!! Migraines are the stupidest sickness!!! 
Damn couldnt get pre sales  sucks ass! Now I have to wait till june6th..bummer man. Thats ok Ill get Mike his tix!
Damn thunder and lightning kept me up, ughhh. Late to work, bad mood. 
Damn! I wish I had a @fring compatible phone!  Anybody to fill my wish-list? ;)
@twistagmg Damn Twista that's messed Up! I don't blame u 4 being mad 
Crap! I lost my list  Damn it!!!!!!
@radosstt Damn, I wanted something with Cuddy at the wedding- but the screencaps only show parts of her... 
I'm broken. Neck and back pains. Damn you hurricane harbor rides. Damn you. Attempting to sleep. Night 
@officialTila Omg, nooo. I wanna see. Damn me being grounded! 
Damn Orlando!  Kobe's going to win another title 
Damn... bragster HQ out of beer ... 
@aion_liv Shame I won't be around for Aion beta opening  Damn non-gaming friends making social plans :p
I wanted to win stuff from SEGA's Free Stuff Friday  Damn you work for getting in the way!!
@FakerGigi Andy was on? Damn! I missed him again... He hasn't been on all week almost! He didn't even leave me a tweet 
Ow. Why is my ceiling so low? I just hit my Damn head on it. 
@franboogie Hahahahaha! He's watching! And he only has 40 followers  Damn that n*gga look old, lol
It's raining &amp; cold. I've had to put the heating on again. Damn British weather! 
OMG! I just went to star filming and it is waaay too dark in here. Damn these bulbs! I'll have to film downstairs later tonight. Urgh 
Damn, Dave is leaving for school now too, what the fuck am I gonna do next year 
OMG its raining here sucks I miss my TB so much!!  these jarheads are cool but still....need something more!! Damn!!! 2 NYC 2night? Maybe!
Damn my stupid Freeview reception!!! &quot;The Hole&quot; is on Film4 and I'm not getting a signal 
Damn it, I'm not going to be able to make it to @ClosLaChance for #TTL - too much work still to do 
Damn i need 5 bucks to buy the Steam weekend deal,  can i get a loan please? i am good for it 
Damn, I missed SMX Advanced for the 2nd year in a row   Reading about all the awesomeness now.
@knightryder76 Damn wish I had VH1 soul I want to watch MC 
Pissed off! Damn you people and your cars...Couldnt make it to TKD in time 
@karmacakedotca Damn! I didn't realize I was on the list for Dermalogica.  Next time for sure!
Damn Internet doesn't work. Guess i'll have to wait til it's fixed before uploading it 
I was sleeping on my couch till Woody called to have me come to work for the last hour. Damn I don't feel good tonite.. 
Damn cat is clawing my $1,000+ chair!!!  Grrr!!!  Should have had him declawed.  
@blkcadi No I missed it! Damn it!  Broomhead got it.  I will be kicking my self all night 
Damn! I don't have my charger and my phone is dying! I need it for 2morrw.. Fuek.. I'll be bak later guys..sorry TwitTrio Girls 
Not 20 minutes ago, I was bawling at my tv. Damn Axel. 
Hey... Are we going home soon? Damn it, Magpie 
Damn apparently we won first place in our flight this morning with how bad we played. Trophy pic tomorrow. Sleepy time now. Work tomorrow 
Mice are definitely in my room. They will eat me in my sleep. This is my final goodbye...  Damn irrationality.
Sooooo effffed up! Damn it hit me as soon as I got in the car! Ughh I will pay for it in the am 
Damn it! Cold is gripping me stronger 
Omg I'm here to register my son for pre-k and I swear there are like 100 people in front of me.  Damn....I hope my son gets a spot.  
Darn. Just found out The Hangover isn't released until 11 June! Damn you film previews for getting me over excited!! DVD again tonight 
Is watching the twenty20 - Damn it Watson out for none 
Damn  Hotspot shield no longer works with Hulu 
@S_Vandergriff Looking like I have to set my sights on 2011 for the full #bcm.    Damn this leg.
Damn I wish I was in Broward right now 
Damn! Rate limit exceeded in TweetDeck 
@bluestormnavi Damn you all who have HBO! Lol My family won't get it   I'll wait til the end of the season and find it online again lol
Damn.. Out when I'm suppose to be asleep.. Lol! How am I suppose to do hair tomorrowv! I can't stop thinking about him!! Miss you baby 
Damn it! Turns out my bike is proper broken. Managed to shear the head of a bolt 
Carpet cleaning guy was supposed to be here at 10:30 and he's not. It's 11 o'clock now. Damn 
@malithmp Yea may be.. but ya have to &quot;Let Go&quot; the &quot;Best Damn Thing&quot; for studies.. Arrrrgg.... 
My computer monitor is dying  I have to buy a new one soon. Damn. Oh! @rokofages75 I updated 4.15.12 on AC
@techiekat Damn I want a TARDIS  we could bugger off to Disneyland or somewhere and just go f***Ing nuts :-P
Just learned a desturbing thing about my car. God Damn You Deny Hecker!!! 
Damn I didn't know Tetris is twenty-five....time flies I feel old 
Damn I think LaserDisc Database (http://www.lddb.com) ate one of my submissions. Lot of work &amp; little reward I guess 
Damn the Scottish girl is a housemate.  I really disslike her and if I see her when she gets home I'mm point and laugh! That'll teach her
Damn movie and book gets me everytime ... Son asked if I was ok 
I want sooo much to buy this album from Lex Land but its not available in my country  Damn it!
E3 is over  I didn't register this year since they got back to &quot;old school&quot; again... Damn. Next year I will be there for sure, though.
@breezeeny Don't EVER link scary vids like that. I was totally unprepared. Scared the shit out of me. Damn. And now it's nap time! 
Damn...even Mary J. used auto-tune 
Damn. Spent the whole day shooting at ISO800 again, without realizing it... 
Lost part of a toenail last night at Sur  Damn navigation. BUT, I did gain a tango student!  Yay! (not the guy that hurt me, diff. guy)
Damn...just took a look at the # of followers yall have and I am WAY behind 
In bed - is anybody up to anything interesting? I'm so bored  and cold! Damn rain and Welsh weather!
Damn I thought the game came on today... Misread espn 
Mowing just is not gonna happen.  Damn. Flat tire this am threw me behind.  Sorry sweetie.  
@deb_opks I'm sorry. Damn Penguins are making me cuss. 
Damn! Does this mean they wont be doing sexify from there anymore?   NO FAIR!
Damn i can barely see Karen O. from here. how sad! 
Damn my MacBook &amp; it's reliability. Three yrs old &amp; going strong  Want new laptop but can't justify *pouts*
Damn it, I hate when I can't find a fic I liked!  I'm dying to read a Dan/Ror fic, but I don't remember what it was called.  
is annoyed she couldnt spend the day with her brother. Damn you EB and damn you annoying Photographers!!! 
Damn! Dey got my girl @skinnyinthecity she fed bound! She sent me a letter! Check it ou! &quot;I'm in the FEDS dawg!!  they got me!&quot; Smh
@Racegirl29 the Outlaws? lol ... sorry ya couldnt make it to the Tweetup  ... was a good turnout of people though. Damn rain though heh.
Damn I didn't know Titanic was on. I hope I don't miss it tomorrow @ 8 
Dear god. 5am! A minute ago is was 1am! Damn you awesome SO4. Damn you! Shame it locked up and set me back an hours work though 
Oh snaps! The Woz was in sac for polo segway! Damn I missed him! 
My Xbox Live Gold subscription has run out. Damn. 
Damn it! There's no &quot;follow me&quot; on DVD  no podcast, nothing except used video tapes. Crap. Must re-think world conquering strategy.
@bouvier23 haha! Damn HOOOOTT! Btw, I miss you. 
Stuck at home for another day .... Damn this sickness! 
Damn I Woke Up 
Damn  Grrrrrr. Logic Studio will not do what I want. Where is that manual. . . For years now I'm working with Logic.  Is my mind dying?
being in that...Damn, I di it again,: Mood 
Found the perfect dress  I am after only to discover it is no longer available in my size. Damn it. 
@waterworth Damn! I really want to go but I can't afford it. MOT is due then and paying for hen parties and stuff. 
Damn first delay of flight in my travels in two decade. Is it really that hard to leave Venice.. LOL 
Damn. Trying to send a picture of this dalmatian my grandparents have. Fails! 
G'morning.... #freebleudavinci I copper this Thin Mags a minute ago!! Owwwww now I wanna try that vibrating ring. Damn I'm horny 
@greenlife182 Damn it, I went out and spotted no rainhats whatsoever. Plenty of oldies, but no rainhats 
Damn it, I'll be suffering big time this week.  Exams, cold nights, wet weather, SICK!! It's 7 bloody degrees at the moment! NO HEATER! 
Looking at a picture of Pete Wentz nd his birthday cake. Damn it's really making me want cake, like right now. 
Damn that Peter penguin. He's escaped &amp; moved on. No smack in the beak for you then  Ah well. Shot a few meerkats instead 
Everything Next door to me at Bixler's is being auctioned off right now. Damn, another empty store front in easton. 
@CuriousOnion Damn! I need the beta!  Stupid PSN says I have my account on 5 other PS3's so I can't download............yet.
Damn..now my HDD is also heating up   http://twitpic.com/6u4tq
The Crab House closed down....NOOOOOOO!!!! Damn, now I'm stuck eating chicken wings.  
@Valady_42 Damn, you're giving me ideas here. And it's Sunday. Stoopid laws. 
OOC: Sorry, Jean and all related characters have to go   Damn #twitterjail, and damn work.  Big hugs to all.
Damn, I hella got ready &amp;everything last night...only to fall asleep Fasssst on Ernest's bed, while Champions were celebrating w/out me 
For the 1st time I won't be on SN convencion  Damn it....
I'm drinking my only beer of the day. A Tire Bite. Damn Minnesota and its no beer sales on Sunday law 
@Str8Nasty Damn, I was at E3 lol...missed them 
I suck at rock paper scissors! Am I that easy to read? Damn @ralphveezy and his hold 'em skills. Stupid doddy 
Hummm, what is that mysterious &quot;yellow stuff&quot; on the sides of my pool? Damn.... I was ready to relax for the day 
@portiswasp No worries man, Its hard to get anything done with the Apprentice on. Damn, what are we gonna do now for 10 months 
Damn, by watching the Apprentice, i missed House as well, on Sky1! Fuck it! 
Damn I want to go back to Ireland!!!! mis my new friends!!!! 
Buckling down...ready to study 4 chapters! Damn you Abnormal Psych! 
Work is so so soooooo slow right now &gt;_&lt;&quot; tracy says its like this in winter but its suppose to be summer Damn it! Why wont it be sunny 
On the hunt for a new ISP again  O2 access is too congested and latency sucks. Damn you games!
Damn, these ASPCA commercials always make me cry 
well damn. I died.  Damn Whites (undead, not racist haha)
I wanted so bad to watch the Tony's tonight. NPH hosting and @KChenoweth presenting! Damn you Sky, for not having Film&amp;Arts! 
Damn. Should've left the blister alone. Hurts now! 
@30SECONDSTOMARS Black Sabbath? Damn I'm too far from the valley 
Damn, Kofi retained the US title. Kinda hoping either MVP or Matt would win it 
I think imma sleep til the 4th qtr. I'm STUFFED! Damn me for being greedy 
@matt_jack5on that's the one  Damn you Amy!
Thanks to the amazing @jonasbrothers concert in Chile! my wallet don't survive to @Coldplay concert   Damn!
@MAFIACHILD Damn.green eyed monster is upon me.  Nah, kidding..bro from Chicago's here Fri..it's on!!
Damn, meatballs and macaroni done and now I have to run to McDonalds cause I'm out of ketchup 
3 Grad parties today. I'm really going to miss Alex.  Sleeping over at cuz's house. Damn this weather makes me really relaxed.
Damn... HTC Magic is finally here... My little Tytn II is a dinosaur fossil compared to this new babe... 
Damn!!!! Lakers won;; 
Damn it feels good to be back in the BX but I miss my studio 
I know sis I hate it wanted jeff to win so bad   Damn I am so sorry Hardy s that was just wrong !
@akomuzikera Yes  Damn you, twitter and your ridiculous limits on the night of the #Tonys!
Damn the Magic couldn't pull it off.. its gonnabe hard for them to pull a comeback now  .. gotta play hard to the 5 power, fo real!!
Damn. Magic lost   ah well. Was gonna go out but my back still hurts n I dnt wanna get ink on my clothes. So looks I'm chilln at apt 117
Twitt' Mornin' !!! Damn, this mornin is worst than the last... And unfortunately, i think it's gonna be a long day for me 
Up, just had a shower  Now it's time for school :\ Geography decision making paper is today, Damn. 
@PinayTrini Damn it! Everybody is taller! 
@Lloyd_YG Damn wish you'd head over to the west coast more.. I've never been to 1 of your concerts &amp; am doubting I'll ever get the chance 
Damn 20 somethin hrs...Ive been up waaay tooo long....my body's gonna hate me! 
Damn Computer room 
Damn you Mono, getting me all excited thinking i can Use MVC in linux and then not work 
Damn! Office internet is down from the morning 
@Schofe Is Jennifer going to be talking about Ghost Whisperer? Damn, I wish I didn't have to work 
@ work... Damn I hate mondays... I miss my bed  ....and my baby http://myloc.me/3TG8
@SarahMag80  Damn I still had the old Virgin Radio number in my phone.  maybe next time.
Train meeting up w justin! Damn today iz tha last official day to my legacy 
Shiny Ahuja not so shiny any more ..   Damn I liked his acting
Awe, my phone feels so lonely  no morning texts! Damn TELUS!
Damn I need to see Transformers 2 FAST! But unfortunately I have other more important stuff to do 
@donaldtrefusis Damn and blast though - the second dongle still hangs on iTunes 
Poo - tennis lesson canceled due to weather   Will have no excuse now to not mark exams all afternoon.  Damn.
Damn economy!!! I've just been asked to take a 10% haircut...  *sigh* Looks like idle time will be on Monster and LinkIn... 
Straiqht Chillin..Damn iFuked Uhp Badd. 
I am in the doghouse with Mister again  Damn damn damn the red wine. I really should boycott it.
I dident get LVATT this morning. Damn HMV. I hope its here tomorrow, or i might cry  - Lois
@TorontoMarlies Damn, too bad the Kronwall brothers can't celebrate together 
hmmm i foolishly believed @tom_clint when he said 'drag me to hell' wasn't a scary film. Damn that boy! Scared now 
Damn I wanted to continue dreaming I was hired by Harrison ford to teach him math from an indiana jones adventure based textbook 
@strwbrywn20 Not open on Mondays?  Damn. Those are some weird hours.
Damn....Blast.....N Bugger it.....cracked another nail!!!!!!!!! 
ARGH my Teeth are so sore right now, Dod Damn Braces 
Opal Fruits  sigh.... (Damn you starburst)
The trampoline was..... Wet  Damn it!
@MiissVee scrumptious? Damn. Too bad I aint get none  bout to put a batt in that bullet! Hahahaha
Would really fancied going to the LowLands festival in Netherlands this year! Damn tickets!! 
Damn, my unknown cause allergy has just kicked in. Sooo itchy 
Damn I didn't know they already tore out some of GVA.... I would have liked to photograph that  miss having an allendale office some days.
Its way too hot  , Damn! Sleepytime will be roughh :|
can't stop listening to The Scientist by Coldplay.  Damn.  One of da saddest music vids ever, too. 
Landed safely in el lay. Shitty weather though. Damn smog. 
Damn, BF1943 is not coming out this month 
@ratties I am down 33 sounds since Feb. Would like to lose at least 25 more but it aint happening in the next 11 days..... Damn damn damn 
@daniibaabes Damn you Danii   i bet their all lesbians tho =P
@ratties I am down 33 sounds since Feb. Would like to lose at least 25 more but it aint happening in the next 11 days..... Damn damn damn 
Was getting ready to go to martial arts class and bam! ... feel like crap   Damn you Taco Bell!
4:45p on this hot azz bus that's packed like thick chicks in stretch denim and now I gotta pee!!! Damn, I had ta get the big Smart water 
Damn I'm 43 on Wii fit.. 
Damn...theyre be some G-thugs up in this bitch dancing to Snap Yo Fingers!......i really hope i dont get shot at 
Damn it! Bar's closed on monday's 
@spazziness Damn... will prob be in Germany then... 
Damn, Ellen is here and I can't go see her! 
Damn I want to watch CB4 but i dont have BET 
@sarah_marina  I'm sorry. Damn all that Donnie loving got you exhausted! Check with DR. asap!
@Static_Sonia Damn, I was wondering why you haven't been online lately. 
Damn. It. Hootsuite not loading. 
Worried about Jonie.  Damn them tornadoes.
Damn haven't ate since noon. Eating some new englan clam chowder and a toasted cheese samich lol no more tamato soup 
Damn why does Richmond have to be so far away?! I want to go to the Goodwill outlet 
Damn, my pooch and I missed out on Woofstock. 
Damn, my pooch and I missed out on Woofstock 
Damn, back to work tomorrow. Lame!!!! Why can't I be on vacation still?? 
Damn GZip and Deflate cant be used to compress/decompress multiple files 
I'm so Damn tired. . I did EVERYONE'S chores tonight. Wtf? Assholes. I know You're tired, but what about me? 
@Naughty_Dog Damn too late, looks like I'll never get to play the BETA! Never got the code with inFamous &amp; all the giveaways are USA only 
Damn it, The Specials only playing Syd &amp; Melb...not Brissy show 
Damn it, The Specials only playing Syd &amp; Melb...no Brissy show 
Last exam went horribly. Almost certainly a fail. Damn. 
@Alli1002 Damn it. It's boring  I don't like this subject -.-
Yeah Lisa, I Forgot about you and wrote everything in Portuguese  ... Damn Pedro !!!
Damn, I HATE waking up... 
Damn it, I can't find Skins dvd anywhere. And they wouldn't let me buy it anyway, I'm not 18. I need clips! &gt;.&lt; Help? 
What's going on with the Obama Health policy he's trying to impose! Damn maybe becoming a nurse might not be the best thing!!! 
Damn it's hot all week in Tallahassee. 
@agent_x oh. Damn. Looked good in the ads on tv too. 
Damn, i've been sleeping for like hours this afternoon and i'm still tired. Studying now tho 
I miss Kirsten  Damn grounding.
@GemmaCartwright  Yep  Damn, missed my first Lions game ever! Am blaming Nokia, the world and clocks not being the same around the world!
Damn what's up w/people when they even smile sometimes. Aww...I wanna visit Pedro 
Wow, I just realized today's also Iceland's birthday. Damn you people who share cool birthdays with fictional characters. I have no one 
Damn IT Policy on crackberry!! Anybody know how to get rid of that shit?? I tried wiping, reinstalling handheld..nothing 
Bought a new iPhone case since I probably won't be getting the new phone.  Damn AT&amp;T.
Damn ppl that look like bin laden...srry ppl they bout 2 shut dwn twitter....dnt belive me check out CNN..cnt have shit 
Damn iTunes update! Ran into same issues as last time 
Damn, somebody stole my 'Code Book' from my bag in the bus yesterday. Just noticed, crap. Hadn't found the book in Hyd 
@jcr6fd Ahhh i SO didn't sleep well either!  and i had to get up for an interview today too! Damn weather! Sleeping in tomorrow!!!
Damn, booted up the xbox for the first time in ages and Live is down for maintenance! 
@Shion963  Damn, CLAMP really misses their old style, it seems.  I miss it too 
My phonecalls with LK are always a good thing. Tonight was not...she has scarred me for life  Damn her
Damn. Playoffs over....now what am I going to watch? 
@GeeSoSweet oh shit she was lie'n 2 me??? Damn I thought...... NVM 
@Christomopher and here I thought you wore those fab Dior glasses 24x7. Damn, next there's no Santa 
@CSI_PrintChick  nooooo.... U were soo excited and looking fwd to it. Damn bitch!
@MauricioCBB I wish I could go. Damn Brazil!  Take pictures for me.  PWT's is amazing. &lt;3
Torturing myself by reading YouMe@Six reviews for Download. Damn Paul and shitey Pendulum 
Just woke up and still no OS 3.0 for my iPhone... Damn 
Damn what I miss today? U eva say to yaself, I'm jst gnna lay dwn for 2mins, I'm nt even really tired...? Yea tht was me at 4:30. 
Damn! Game cancelled. Sad Mikey. 
Damn, Missed another @SwagBucks Swagcode.    www.swagbucks.com/refer/bobertjustsaid
Damn it...I want tickets to go see Britney...Wish I had friends with connections 
Damn it...I want tickets to go see Britney...Wish I had friends with connections 
@ypatten35 Damn I'll bet it's a hot pic but the twitter stuff covers Donnie up!  That's why I had to make mine tiny.
@Technohoney Damn, I don't get get the Yankee game down here.   
For all my followers that can view video and listen to music on your cellphone, I hate you lol.  Damn Sidekick LX 07 Edition 
Damn iTunes! I just spent $0.99 on a busted version of a song I really wanted  So not good...
Goin' back to bed  Damn phone wakin me up.
Goin' back to bed  Damn phone wakin me up.
Damn I meant Tweeps and @BgirlShorty I'm stupid  Puppy name suggestions????
@kellbell68 Damn it Kelly I opened the door and you weren't there I had my dancing shoes and my Hammer (can't touch this )pants on  
@tlacook Sorry, we were out the door early this morning to Tijuana. I'm sorry I missed you! Damn computer is always busy when I pass by  
@ProtesterHelp  Damn. CNN will soon be receiving an email from me about their lousy coverage. For whatever that's worth.
@ChooGPretty - I didn't even know he was streaming!!!! Damn! Next time 
Damn...I want to be so witty.....and get frustrated....just sit here trying to think....and NOTHING...does that mean I'm &quot;simple&quot; minded? 
It is 3am bitches!!! I only have 4 more hrs 2 go!!! Now, that I said that it seems like 4ever, Sh*t.... Damn, I talk tooo much..... 
@TheFelixMolina Damn, if it's going to be released at 10am PCT, it will be 12pm here. 
Damn. Bit of a bummer about iPhone 3.0 software being delayed until tomorrow 
@SirThumpaLot that too haha. Damn I want sushi! And yakitori! And age gyoza! Mmmmm meh 
Won't be at BIALL this year. Damn those cut-backs 
Damn early too!!! Unless like me U have been at work since 3p yest. 
@twinkle_x Nat &amp; Cam agreeed that I have swine flu. Damn them. 
Damn!!! think my Ping.fm got hacked!! The Dick thing was not from me 
@svennehaa YOU DID IT?! Damn - I'm jealous 
Damn... I have alot of crap.... I don't wanna organize my life right now. Noooo... 
Damn @Tweetdeck cant seem to keep my group selections between computers and the iphone app crashes on nearly every action 
@TBSonK97 Damn lol  meh...Ill wait for the weekend
I really wanna go Botanics with spp this saturday! Damn floorball selections 
Damn bought 2 Xbox live games now cant download either of them  , live #fail
@Aaronage Damn, no light gun action on the DELL, that sux 
@Tirvy Couldnt agree with you more. I'm very pissed of with Stratford at the moment too. Damn dust everywhere 
Damn work!!! I'm gonna miss tha Laker parade 
HOME ALONE! Woop, woop! Then I was shuffled a sad song, now I'm depressed  Damn you iTunes.
Damn im bored!! Text me mun peeps. I have a serious lack of internet. 
HOLY CRAP! time flies when twittering... i may need to find a twitteraholics program LOL unless this God Damn weather gets betta! BEACH 
Didnt Realise that I had reached over 500 updates.. Damn.. 500 and STILL not reached treble figures in followers  New pic though peeps!
Readin my cosmo enjoyin the AC! Nothing good on tv. Damn stray kittens r driving me insane! I feel bad for them  no more pets for us
My stomach!  Damn you Klondike bar!  
@CHRIS_Daughtry Is it fun doing promo or are you just puttin on a happy face? Damn me havin to eat- missed it 
@IGetsBusy514  Damn K. Rub it in why don't cha 
waiting on this steamed shrimp... daydreamin and thinkin of him! I know my babe is NOT eatin this good rite now...  Damn Airforcers LLs
@joshgroban Damn Ohio weather! I'm trying to watch Chess; you sound great and I need the inspiration. The channel keeps going out 
@Nique611 that sucks! Damn this recession. 
Damn I was tired LOL....@ the crib n Mia  Happy 2b headed home to NY in a couple of days..... EXCITED Im winning leavin it 2 God
Damn one person said it was GREAT and the other said it was stupid 
Damn iPhone crashed during upgrade to 3.0. Now have to restore to factory setting and then upgrade to 3.0. Gonna lose all my music 
Damn, want to book flight ticket to Bali and pay by cash, but only credit card seems to work 
2-1 at the half. Sounders up. Damn good game i'm missing. 
Damn! There was a protest here and I missed it. Saw it on the news.  #iranelection
@strstruck Damn...never come to Atlanta. 
@Freshdotdaily Damn Son. Last time I did that. I ended up throwing up in the LES, and Mysteriously found myself in Bushwick. 
A call @5:30am umm &quot;Magic is Down&quot;. Damn it, I was sleeping  . DUTY CALLS!!
Damn its raining something fierce! Hopefully it'll stop by the time I get to Union Station, but it probably won't 
NO 3G!  Damn Storm!  If you need to talk to me today, you better text me.  
Did anybody know that the show recess is still on tv!? That's crazy. Damn, I'm so scared that i can't sleep. Been trying to, but I can't 
Accept the fact that things are never black or white, but are complex and mercurial #tfs09 Damn 
Bought a book. gnoriB! Why the hell did I buy this!? Miss talkin to @bouvier23. Damn credits! 
Damn, just missed RAG day ...  . Blame Fame !
Damn! This CTIC is killing me  Down almost 500 Dollars 
@a_cup_of_t Damn, Werchter dan 
Damn G-Alarm installation on my PDA keeps hanging 
Damn didnt slept today maybe 2 hours. Im in bad mood today. On my way straight to mag bed! Take some rest 
Damn, the webpage fell to 2nd search result on google  Not even Honeycombs can fix this.
Damn june 18th again already...and my heart hurts again  love u Justin
Hmm.. To stay up to ridiculous times to watch @BuckHollywood live... or not... Damn, why do i have to be in the UK? 
Hrm. Misread. Damn dirty ape didn't type my name. 
Damn it. Coffee and cookies across the room and I can't get to it. 
NOOOOOOO! Monkey man &lt;3 @raveenaubhi Akmal's face  it was so sad. Damn sometimes I hate high shots.
Damn it. the swipe to delete on TTR is temperamental... it boots into the song instead of showing the delete button 
@jordanknight I really want to go on the next cruise!! Damn jealous husband says NO WAY tho, he wouldn't let me go last month either 
Tryin to recover from a terrible cold.. Damn.. I just hate it. Home sweet home..missing you, for a change  
Damn! Last day! The sadness is kicking in.. 
@nonomori Damn. Kids so easily veer off from the path of righteousness. 
Missed Undercover Boss so watching it on Channel 4+1. Damn football making me forget 
Just wants to go to T-Town already! Damn health problems, and inspection crap!   - I want to be with my family 
@retronauts Damn I wish I was going to PAX this year 
Damn packing trumps Xsport 
Damn, and I was really looking forward to that Solstice costume. 
@grooveworksENT Lmao yeah.. I'm still not fully legal  Damn you doin big things tho
@Bruff Damn.. I have to wait till 24th! 
@groovygeorge Damn, that sucks  I've got it! Wear a disguise like your an old man, then they'll hire you for SURE 
Damn. We are some for real best friends. haha. How the fuck she know. Haha. GNR!! Damn. I thoight I was being sneaky. 
Damn just finished an amaizing workout!(: Gonna go clean outside now, Its a mess  Stupid mini tornado
@iphoneincanada Damn I'm at the full price and want the 32GB so I'm looking at $799.  Granted, someone wants to buy my 4m old 3G for $300
So exhausted from watching Mila all day. 2 year olds have too much energy. Also in pain from new bands on my braces  Damn braces! D;
@Mr_Nonchalant ughhh... I'm so jealous... Damn I need some friends here!!! 1 is the loneliest number that you'll ever dooooo.... 
Fatman got his little jew fro shaved off. Damn 
Damn.  Getting too chilly to hang on my boat.   But I don't WANNA go home yet!
Damn, 4 #CWS in a row da Heels get to and lose each time. 
@ohmgee I know! Devastator was one of my favs too. The toy didn't have balls.  Damn you, Bay!  http://twitpic.com/7ryro
@jdee313 Damn, I rlly need 2 getmy motivation up to go out more. Ive only been to Premium once...Im always missin the good stuff 
Stuck in the dodgers parking lot  Damn traffic : /
@Becoon Yarr...  I've had a nasty cough since I got back from Canberra + now I have a temperature + achey back as well. Damn it!
Damn my friend lost her I'd and its so early ugh. And it wasn't hers, it qa her sister's. Bummer. This just totally killed my night 
Damn! I bought true blood season1 and now i'm all caught up  sad face... Now i'm stuck watching it like everybody else. Fail. Epic fail.
Damn, had to ditch the OS run 2night. Wish it wasn't in the middle of the night. All I can do is tweet bout it. 
Damn weather. God! Whyyyyy?!  Ay, I'm going for a walk anyway. Wish me luck :S xD XXX
Damn. I missed the ID picture taking. 
Halp! I r drowning under paperwork for detentions! Damn j00 year 8!!! 
Damn Curdy, u r like tha hardest person 2 get ahold of! iCalled u like 85 times! 
@NursingDrPepper  Damn! and I haven't had one in AGES either 
Damn i gotta redo my hair 2day, from scratch. Washing my hair is not an easy task.. no wait, DRYING my hair is not an easy task.  
Damn I missed Mickey 's breakfast, we need to petition that they sell breakfast all day! I want a hashbrown 
Damn u silverstone. wotya have to hold the racing on the day i'll be travelling back from middle england!! Booo!! 
@SBStudio Damn was way off with that Titanic guess 
@deafjess Morning Jess, just crept outta work to get these damn eyebrows waxed. She taking forever with this big mama up here  Damn
@lozzy nooooo! I posted my dad a very cool 3D father's day card today  Damn these strikes. Bring back Maggie for a day! :-P
got my ipod in for the 1 1/2 hr left of my work day! YaY! Its George Strait right now! Damn I ddnt jump on getting tix for his concert 
Damn I need a shoulder massage really bad...Shouldn't have put a heating packet on them overnight. 
Damn why did Tamia have to be such a bitch when I met her? Now I just can't appreciate her music anymore, I feel its a front 
@The_Tyree Damn right cause I shol' don't have none and gotta $275 perscription I need filled. 
 Damn, I missed Kindergarden Cop on showtime, I'll have to catch the replay later. &lt;3 that movie
Damn, can't use Fido Dollars for accessories. will have to pay real $ for case and BT headset.  Bummer 
Damn, I could go for another latte. Defensive Driving is making me fall asleep 
Damn I won't be able to attend the  &quot;Air Sex Championships&quot; in seattle this weekend. 
@ChaosBlue Damn! Already have plans   Another time
@BritsOnPole Sitting here on the computer in the Travelodge reception and I have no copy and paste, my blog posts look aweful  Damn tech
Damn!  This looks more like a case of &quot;lactose overload&quot; for Autumn.  
@keisha_buchanan It's 3 am, I'm not sleeping, listening to I Am by Beyonce. Damn, looks like i'm not ok 
@counterburger yes I got it. Huge fan. Damn 
http://bit.ly/sL52l  Damn, Want, Damn. Can I start crying now? 
- Damn I Have A Cold. 
Damn, at like the 1/2 mile mark I had to transition into walking. Failed miserably! Boooooooo! 
Uuughhh...I'm so disappointed in myself today...I've been doing so well on my diet &amp; I blew it...Damn Mother's Cookies for being so good 
Oh No, I've lost my jailbreak! I thought that might happen - damn you, Apple. Damn you to heck! now i've lost my fave sms tone 
Feelin crappy. Coughing a lot. Damn winter 
@jonathanlai  sadness. I would love a nice car but no $$$. Ever. Damn my salary
@Shanelle007 Awww Damn! why was I not at the office when u came???? 
Damn video didn't come out  but they r on myspace. I can't put address but I am sure u can spell Trap County in search, check them out
@littlebitlil Oh....... true. Damn  Le sigh, I'll probably get it from Target neway. The conversion rate is horrible. &gt;_&lt;
Watchin the jackson 5 on Vh1... Damn I miss the old Michael 
@GorgeousBorjas  Woozy. Lol my rummag doesn't really hurt just my Damn throat is raw from them puttin a huge tube down it. 
Damn edamame ruined my night. Soy overload 
Sitting in my gazebo looking at the spot when we laid Loco Rio to rest. Damn I miss that dog.........   
@amandapalmer http://twitpic.com/7vhif - Wait, it's a prerequisite to be a rock and roll star to have sex all night? Damn my 9-5 job   ...
need to get some work done tonight before F1 qualifying. Damn Toyota A/V's!!!! 
Like sand through an hourglass... So are the Days of Our Lives...LOL Muahhahaha.. Damn 2day has been so so hard. I miss you so much baby. 
Damn... Eyelid hurts 
Damn can only get TV2 and Tv3 tonight  someone fix the signal in my area ...
@mellyford why didn't u just stay n the bay area? Modesto is NOT the bay. Who n the hell told u to go out there? Damn Melly 
It's Kandi Cole day tomorrow and I'm not going to be there.  I'm super bummed...   Damn MSR!!!!
Damn. iTunes has f**ed up my library of &gt;140gb... Lots of songs supposedly missing (they're actually there). Links to weird lib files 
Damn an OC48 just down WTF it's supposed to be a quite night on my last work day of the week 
@Darth_Disco Damn  Which concert are you going to see?
Damn went to bed like 12a woke up had almost 10 missed calls...Def can't hang No more   these jobs bustin my ass
Damn rain. Looks like the Hoppings trip is out 
@3ree6ixty COZ im underage!  well that should've worked ill give it to you later then. Damn it i really wanted to see you again!!!
Damn fish broke my line! Grrr... 
Arrived back early from country. Damn weather for midsummer 
@Super_Auntie Yea   Damn rain!
And the PR Parade honking begins. I won't be sleeping this weekend. Damn PRs! Damn Mexicans in September! 
VS2008 hangs on settings import. Damn it 
Girls YouTube donnie wahlberg and Elijah aww it's cute he had him on stage for the end of hangin tough! Damn I wish I were there 
@diplo Damn I really wanna go! Metrocard ran out &amp; I have no money till tomorrow. Was gonna ride my bike but its raining. 
Off to the pub soon.. so tired today. Accidentally went shopping. I'm going to look like one of those nufags now  Damn Jenny..
I think I broke my toe! Damn. Sent my sister's to get some tape so I can walk back 2 the car. 
Damn, I've trying to write a conversation between Joey + father. It's the first scene in SW (chap 1) and I'm having a bit of trouble.  
Damn. Jimmy Joins jus brought my store free food and i jus went and bought food. An hour 2 late 
@MsToshay What no Birthday luv from Babes... Damn homie... guess i'm just another Twigga to ya.... 
Damn factor 50 sun cream doesn't work for 5 days at Download. Starting to peel so bad 
Turn off: guys who smoke cigarettes!! Damn my secret crush smokes  oh well still eye candy
@tnLos  Damn played me...... Forget you too then 
Damn....I soo c myself staying n my home, stop n by my parents n calling out....or even worse, jus not going ahhh *sigh* HELL 
@RyanLaker Damn, son. that beats the hell out of my Subway BLT. 
Sigh. Old Navy was out of those tank tops.  Damn work. I wish I could have gone earlier.
Damn all you people with the 3GS... bragging how fast it is and crap.  Lemme alone. 
Break from all this serious thoughts...putting the phone down...Dooo dooo burning...Damn jalapenos....No 
Damn Shannon is about 2 be mad at me  I really don't feel like goin anywhere but 2 sleep!!
@8_6Eazy_C Damn it! That is also my favorite flavor....are you trying to make me eat ice cream again? I don't approve 
Damn you, Hanson. I don't have the money right now! I'm literally the most broke I've been in a very, very long time. 
Damn. Nokia E63 backordered. 
@KRedCali86 Damn. But ok Kris if you say so. 
Damn you rain!! NO Six Flags tomorrow. 
Trying to avoid food...I miss it   Damn you Blueprint Cleanse and societal based nutrition norms.
Damn... Th3 S3cond P3rson 2 Call M3 A Liar 2Day... Y??? IDK... I B3 T3llin Th3 Truth... Lolz... Damn May... I Apopgize... 
@AriFBaby Damn Ari!!! U could've hit me..I see u don't want to be my friend anymore  http://myloc.me/4NsL
@MelFresh27 Except I just remembered you are sick... Damn... 
Feelin like a lame cuz I didn't wanna take da rental car 2 da club... Car + No rims = &quot;NO - GO&quot;   Damn Pogressive it doesn't take 3 w ...
Damn mi iPhones auto correct thing.. Nothing I type comes out correctly 
Damn, so many people didn't like Year One, guess I will just wait till Transformers comes out 
Damn i miss Dez so much 
@JBlazemusic Damn! At least u got a vacay  but sounds like u have everything figured out! http://myloc.me/4O77
Bejewelled rocawear hats are all the rage in Edmonton. Where did I fall behind? Damn 
Craving Dairy Queen. Damn no one open around here 
Damn iMovie messed up my FSOR project... will have to start over 
@nickchester Damn you, it only got released in NY   Is it worth watching whenever it hits DVD?
Damn megavideo. I was watch Coraline halfway!!! 
just had morning wake up call from Mr Boar. He is now listening to alice cooper. Damn im a lucky piglett. Dont want to go home later 
Damn, its not down for the whole country.....search &quot;Rove&quot; and you'll see people are watching it 
Sick. Damn stomach. Hurts terribly for no reason.. 
@BrionyMayMcFly Damn, I wish I was going to Dalby  x
Wow! An amazing hour of sister time.  Damn, I'm going to miss her 
Wow! An amazing hour of sister talk on rain soaked roads of Parsi colony.  Damn, I'm going to miss her 
@Ingo Damn  Is that the one that was a little sick some time ago?
Damn, yet another day that I wish I was at Pride but sadly got work again  Although last night was pretty crazy!
Damn I sure wish Cafe Dupri was still open. I could go for sum fried green tomatoes and crawfish wit a side of tilapia rite now. 
Damn it. Just found out @CoolxKids are playing a free show at Dundas Square tonight. Wish I could go see  Brother texted me the info...
Damn, i totally missed American Psycho, it was on tv yesterday not today 
BACK! Damn can't check the office mailbox, guess this means it's back to work tomorrow 
Iplayer..release the f1 part 2! Damn you! All season you have been nice to me 
@stevecairney Damn you figured it out, it was indeed from prolonged Megan Fox wanking sessions 
Damn. The powers out over here and its 95 degrees outside. Lucky our house was already chilly. Ugh but no internet for me. 
Brought my ipod on the bus, forgot my headphones  Damn it. Today has been an all around FAIL
A/C units aren't intended to cool your home more than 20 degrees lower than outside temp! Really? Damn! Esp when its 102 outside 
: Damn  Hurricane Gustav knocked down the triangle house up the bayou. Smh.
Damn. Trains crashing. Glad the only time I caught it was to get to school. RIP to the one who died. That's cuhrazyy. 
Damn Ross Beat @iamknoxville Damn!  Didn't Kill Em Tho....
Damn do I wish Elvis was still living  ..But actually, when I think about it more. He is living somewhere eh? &lt;3
@davidaustin Damn Rogers and their &quot;can't add voicemail access # to my5&quot; policy  
@shelbster dude!! I'm in-wait. Damn it!! Freaking no-cell-service-drive down the mountain!  I missed it!!
@whereslilly Been dat way 4 a while. Middle class is gone.So sad how things are and I dont c a change for many many yrs. Damn housing mkt 
Damn man, no Perez/BEP mashups anytime soon! 
OMG!!! Jon &amp; Kate got Divorced today...What the Hell...Does Love exist anymore???...  Damn my heart hurts for them..
@NKBLazenbury It's great isn't it?! Damn it JoJo 
Damn TJ! I wish you would have called me earlier to tell me about the show!  How was it? What do u think abo.  http://www.a8url.com/pdSuoO
@rarelady Damn you! Never mind, about to go home now. That must be why it's not sunny anymore 
Feelin juss as SALTY as when I went to sleep...  Damn ***s....
Damn. Noticed hairline cracks around the silence switch on my iPhone 
Damn it! The virus only pretended to be gone - sneakily reinstalled itself on reboot  Tonite's job - operation change all passwords!!
I am boooooored. Damn you eilidh for going to Paris in the morning 
@MisssV33 Thank you for sharing that. Very Powerful. 17 mos, has it been that long? Damn.  {{{Massive Hug))) wishing it were a real one. 
@mattisnotarobot I'm only just into the Weapon-X facility where you lose your powers. Damn you Wolvy, taking me away from Mass Effect 
Dentist  ugh. For an hour and 20 minutes! Damn root canals.
@C4RL05 I am so seriously tempted by your offer! Damn client work is in the way though 
@ExtremeWithin LOL. I really wanted an iphone but o2 told me NO  so it'll do for me for now. Damn it's been a while since i had a Eri ...
Stacey just played the cruel spontaneous combustion joke on me!  Damn! gonna get that fool back...no ice cream for you! 
Missed UPS today. Damn! The little yellow/brown sticker on my front door taunts me with my #iPhone 3GS 
Damn no one? Das messed up. Ppl only watch out for theirselves these days 
Damn. I want to dress up like Bumblebee !  It`s so cool. And accurate. :d
So my first day tutoring. I can't make it out of the gate because I can't seem to catch the censor. Damn. Epic fail. 
Finally got done with work. Damn Virginia was too damn slow. Could have been done at 12 am but NO!!! 
Damn as soon as i walk out of VRSE jove and luis walk in! Freaking sucks! 
@TeamDraven Spotify is a band???  Damn the Bard or Damh the Bard.  Sorry, getting later here and not so &quot;with it&quot;. (sighs)  Moody. 
Soooo tired, but my headache is keeping me awake. Damn meds aren't working. 
@itsTaks Damn everybody leaving me in Knoxville 
Damn. Missed the first UXBristol bookclub last night. Totally forgot at the last minute 
I am a #vodafone.client &amp; I really want a #T-Mobile #Iphone// Have to wait till december till my contract ends  Damn Damn Damn
@nhv09 Damn, Everyone on that Transformer shit, I wanna see it soo bad  Dont have time to go to the movies
Damn I am as sick as dog today.  No work for me. Talking to the big White phone most of the night. 
@Mandy4422 I did not!!! Damn thing kept beeping in my ear and saying call failed 
Damn my friend Jean for telling me about this site that rates toxic beauty products on the market... especially as I was at Sephora today 
Damn must remember not to leave tongue bar out for four weeks.. Hole almost closed and hurt going back in 
Damn, no internet connection in our rooms and no  open W-LAN access point in the near neighborhood.  And my netbook has no UMTS card.
Masterchef! Damn that looks TASTEYYYYYYYYYYYYYY, although duck  quack.
Damn... Another addiction...  LOL Quiz...
Damn, paid full price for ClickBank Code http://bit.ly/oLL7b 50% off 
Damn I missed Alan on TM. 
Damn it, I forgot the Tripoli meeting was on tonight 
is not jealous about the people who left for Glastonbury today or yesterday. He's going to go see his family instead...  Damn family ;)
Damn. Between not knowing if I can get a 12 mth contract, unknown tethering and horrid pricing, I'm not sure what to do re: Telstra 3GS. 
Tissues, airwaves and eye drops are an essential atm with me. Damn hayfever  on the bright side, shopping with Zoey 
Gf's window got bashed in last night.  just spent the last 30 min cleaning up broken glass.  Damn kids!
Found out class was canceled when I got there so no extra sleep for me. Macs in Nord are down too  Damn I hate using  Windoze anymore.
Damn.. Does the 3GS take better low light pics than the trash the iPhone 3G does... I sure hope so 
@minerChris Damn, that sucks. Same thing happened to my Portable Playground video - YouTube disabled in some countries as well 
Damn idiots digging a trench by our house, managed to cut the cable for internet  No #Wimp or anything... I wan't my internets!
Damn havent been on twitter in hella long...gettin ready to take my lil bro to camp and then work  Exciting!!! NOT!
@kshakya this is damn good than Iphone and G1. Even has twitter and FB integrated!!! Damn US always late in releasing good products 
Damn it! Bruno is an 18  gutted!
@MAD_Evolutions lol. Damn it. I just burnt my finger. 
Rip my another nig of mine! Damn, all the good ones. Wtf. 
Damn, time for another pedicure, just chipped my toenail on an open cabinet  Shit happens!
@ak_hepcat Crap! Damn Linux firewalls. Stupid RIAA doesn't know a damn about security. We all know how secure DRM is. Guess I need a job 
@hornerakg Damn dude!!!!!  SO wanted to see you in France. Won't be the same with out you    So not right...
@bdebow 'Bout Damn Time!  You should also reserve sarcasmagorical, just in case... 
@T_Sila Damn. I wish I paid attention in my biology class  I only had time for spaceships in university 
@MrW0nderful Damn fine sir, damn fine. Flikr Pro, hear me *ROAR*. Shall be some vigorous uploading this evening 
@summerlovin get your ass offline and spend an hour in bliss listening to the CD.  Damn, ain't you learnt yet?  LOL  
@rufusd Damn Rufus, that's one that I didn't know! -- I always use the keyboard shortcut.  #InDesign
@teresaberry Afraid to DM u back yet! Ur followers and following R the same now. Very weird! Damn thing, hitting my fav RE 
Drank too much last night.  Damn you, Beth.  
@sparkica MGM yell it is. Brings back some memories. Damn I'm old 
Damn its hot here in Long Beach, but that won't stop me from working out 
@mudville100 Damn! Thought I had dodged the the tooth brushing quessie! I had a shower. Cleaned teeth upon waking, yes a bit slack I know 
Chillin in LA still....Dont know when I'm goin home yet.  Damn you Bryce! 
Lovely day  Must Revise RE and Figure out this work Experience form.... Damn it!
@Sarah_inthe_Sky Oooh. Damn. And those prices are exact too. Haha, I might be calling you when I'm a broke college kid for food advice 
@aplusk wtf, all the sudden Britney got a little over 1 million viewers. Damn this is weird 
Damn u Ian, I put money on you to score a goal first! Shhhh, cost me 20$ LOL play hard players!  
@caspararemi Damn you dashing my hopes and spoiling my dreams!!! Btw, I'll be in London in the summer to see some shows 
@Muzzzza I forgot I had a colour choice! Damn! Luckily, if given one I would've chosen the one I have now, which is black. So that's okay 
@Suw Damn! Wrong valley. 
&quot;Adverse Side Effects: Abnormal behavior...&quot; Damn. I'm out on the first one. Even before taking them 
@SallyBlake_ Mmm, it is my life goal. I will probably waste it though by fainting and completely missing him.. Damn Haha! 
@nuttychris LOL  I think you should  lol ... Damn I hate been sick I was supposed to study CSS today instead I'm cuffing my ass off :s
Damn, sorry, fell asleep and dreamt it was KKR playing! Awake now 
Damn I love Sarah.  Goin' to bed with my babyyyyyyyy peace in the mid east everybody.
If I can count correctly, which I can't, there is 2 years, 2 months and 22 days untill I can get into Hot Damn 
@k_zulu I know, I was expecting it.  But how bout &quot;good game, sorry for the loss&quot; or &quot;Nice try&quot;.  Not &quot;eat crap and die Mavs fan!&quot; Damn. 
@doctorfollowill OHHHH that's no good!! Damn those oysters!!hope you feel better soon 
@CamPrincess Damn that sounds nice. I love where I live but it would be nice to have all that space. Lucky. 
@harisn Damn! Lights off, its presentation time. 
Listening my own playing on a friends album and being disgusted by every second of it... Damn I suck.  Normal reaction. Every album.
Sinus infection ): Damn brother. Anyways, Night 
Damn I'm pass 400 updates! Haha! Tweet tweet tweet!!!!!! 
Went to friend's house to watch some good old season 1 episodes of Supernatural &lt;3 Damn I love this show soo fucking much 
Finally able to get Flight Control for my Ipod. Best game app! 123  Damn choppers lol
@YoScottie Btw, I smile everytime I see ur smiling face on ur profile here. &quot;Grins&quot;  Damn ur cute.
Damn these nig*s is all on me, but they won't get this...&quot;Not without a check!&quot; LMFAO 
@Lozingsleep Damn, that charming skater look is kind of....HOT! A hot mess  Catherine pls don't hate me for hitting on your friends. tnx
@7thscreen Damn! First Yes, than Frank Zappa... 
@lrkane Damn, that looks bad, ayh? I was with them for over a month and I decided to switch to Jumba.. awesome so far- def. check it out 
is having moose for dinner  Really good. Damn, I'm the Kitchen Goddess!
@Div3rse Damn straight. 
@sashagrey Wasn't it good? Damn star trek hasn't been good like that in years!  Sidenote:also gd:THROAT. Watched it 2nite. So fucking gr8!
Chicken burger and chips for lunch today. Damn i'm starving. 
New twitter account!!  Omigosh...i hate Twitter word constraint!! Damn it. lame, but oh wellz. ;) Gonna follow friends. =P
I am falling in love with the Backstreet boys all over again!! I finally see what everyone loves about Nick  Damn he's hot
I got A TRU workout in today! Straight up...Damn I love bein in shape! I fluctuate between 185 &amp; 195 consistently! Tryin to hit 215 lean! 
Damn man. I Learned 2 piano songs in one day. im totally a prodigy and youre all freaking JEALOUS. 
  Rose and ood will be back in the Xmas Who special!  YAY!  Damn that's half a year away.
Played Stuntman Ignition for most of the day today. Damn that game rocks, it's SO underrated 
Damn tired after a great trip to Hogenakal waterfalls...... 
@Inksie Yay for WC!  The tiger story actually coughed up a plot for me. Damn thing wants to be a novella now. :S Go figure, right?
Killing my RENT virginity. Damn these tunes for being so catchy! 
Mayor Que Yo ... Damn... Thats A OLDDD Song.... But GOOOD 
@Leishkin By brother touching &amp; angel groping!!....Wait, did I say that out loud? Damn Codral. 
I hate the presentation portion of my job- Never let them see you sweat  3 minutes and counting- Damn- I am nervous
Watching Moonlight while stitching. Damn I love Josef!  #MOONLIGHT #fb
@scottziolko Damn, Biz sounds like he needs Autotune.  Also sounds like he's having a hella pile of fun.  Thanks for the link.  
@bbum Another situation of me being not as productive as you. Corbin bugs me the same way. Damn productive people. 
Finished Sarah's outfits for work .. they are cute took about 30 minutes .. Damn I am talented hehee!! 
Another interviewee with the phrase &quot;so do you know Jones?&quot;. Damn you @moleitau 
@Jim1975 @jeremy_sherman yous guys best behave in NY. Damn I wanna go. 
BTW: finishing Chasing the Bard= 3hrs of reducing me to teary jelly. Damn you @PhilippaJane 
Damn, those ads weren't motivating people to try Chrome....maybe if we address the privacy issues...  You think?!  
I wanted to work on an application for an ISAA event, while on the train. But I downloaded the wrong attachment. Damn you @marcozambi 
@aJayBoulder Damn good team, Austin... I have to admit. 
Damn I need a new helmet!!Cracked mine into many pieces during 2.5 hour MARKETING MIND MELT #M-3 call tonight .Darn Head kept fallin' off 
@tsarnick LOL! The music man, the music.. Damn Vamps.. 
Pedro from napoleon dynamite raves! xD Woah. dejavu. Anyways. Damn poopy ppl &gt;_&lt; Goodnight 
whoa! I managed to crash Final Cut! Damn, I'm good! 
