Most common words for this cluster:
[('dance', 175), ('opera', 69), ('quot', 63), ('music', 49), ('concert', 48), ('theatre', 44), ('theater', 43), ('today', 39), ('http', 39), ('day', 32), ('met', 31), ('i', 30)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u"'##nd_Street", 0.767761766910553), (u'Broadway_Showstoppers', 0.7443919777870178), (u'Musicals_Tonight', 0.7428152561187744), (u'Johann_Strauss_Die_Fledermaus', 0.7394835352897644), (u'Mozart_Cosi_Fan_Tutte', 0.7319381237030029), (u'tick_tick_BOOM', 0.7301684021949768), (u'Crewe_Lyceum', 0.7266494631767273), (u'Sarah_Ruhl_Eurydice', 0.7238237261772156), (u'IS_NOT_MISBEHAVIN', 0.7214914560317993), (u'Vagabond_Players', 0.720362663269043)]





@iamjazzyfizzle I wish I got to watch it with you!! I miss you and @iamlilnicki  how was the premiere?!
Another early morn with the Duchess, although she hadn't managed to cross her legs this time 
@onlysweeter I don't know the dance. 
A beautiful morning - the sun is shining, the birds are singing, I've just been playing Mousetrap with the kids... damn, now work 
@adamcurry can I get download version of the Dvorak Interlude... since streaming is banned at work... 
HATES Othello and needs 5 language features + effects by tomorrow 
I don't know what to do...  I have to find someone to play with me.... Anyone playing violin? Mozart Sonate? any of them .. lol
I am about to slap Pops' negative gravity around him for causing him to fall again. 
stressing about my recital...ugh, i dont think i can do it! 
Watching a video of Demi singing Don't Forget aat the Wiltern Theater right now... So sad.  I think the tears are really going down...
Balls. They filled up too many girltalk dancers. 
@kestagg I had tickets an everything. Improv nationals ended up being the same week though  I think they are still on ebay, didn't sell
Rehearsal at 8:15 tomorrow. 
I wish I could go to the Jazz Festival this weekend.. 
@__Fiddler you need to use this more, me also but i cant use it on my phone while im in germany.. 
@johnhood Waiting on mine, did a commission fo riton th eOrg, just need the feedback. Hopefully get Merman on 23rd, if it doesn't go 
What makes Iago evil? some people ask. I never ask.   
@Hedda_K I wanted to cry, the poor thing was trying hard to get out of the way after it got hit 
Uh oh...thunder. So much for having cute hair at &quot;Another Music Festival&quot; tonight...rain will ruin it. 
I hate coursework  The Tempest..shut up!!
(@Shenaloves) I hate coursework  The Tempest..shut up!!
last show of &quot;Guys and Dolls&quot; tonight! 
I can still remember the original Trident gum ads   Beyonce &amp; Trident Gum Concert: http://cli.gs/NYde1y article: http://cli.gs/WtD5mQ
Concert is over...  But twitpics to follow!
has a btl at the Pops champagne bar in chicago. they had a sep theise driven grower list, i coudn't afford it  but fun anyway
Just woke up. I have sooooo much BTEC Music work to do today 
Working at Cirque du soleil and missing out on all this glorious soleil! 
Watching Dance of the dead ughh bored 
I am so tired and I have two Macbeth as to do and a whole chemistry paper to do today!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Finding it hard to do Shakespeare... 
finishing a Macbeth essay for english!!   not fun lol
@fortheloveofme hope your tummy gets better soon  I get indigestion quite often and I take fiber pills/ ENO. maybe you could try it?
still doing the Macbeth essay!! its actually sooo boring lol n to make it worse it makes absolutely no sense to me 
Oy. Piano was tuned last week. Now it sounds terrible! 
Transferring Music onto my Phone... its taking soooo loonggggg 
@Nayedene Workin on the old Phantom of the Opera at z moment.  There was a great Astaire-Depeche Mode vid that got removed from utube. 
@Mach1Music  Who is your fav?
15 minutes until the listening  1 hour 15 minutes until Classical Japanese 
I feel horrible.  Concert today at 7, what ever shall I wear?!
the heat is unbearable (40+ degree C) even today..Met office says same conditions for the next 2 days  #summer09
I never get tired of listening to awesome Wicked tracks. &quot;But that doesn't soften the ache we feel, when reality sets back in&quot; 
i guess the audition was good but im not  
 skool holidays are over and skool sux but we do have a cool new sports teacher lol he looks like the guy who does The Evolution of Dance
@treaclelove I wanted to watch her at Upright Cabaret last week too but hey, no moolah.  
@Requiem2056 I did give you decaf.  lol, and I am about to go o myspace and see what happensed. Some fuckers getting a new asshole.
bored on a friday night..it sucks.  i wanna go somewhere even though its like 10:30. lol. MGM Dance Team amazin! i miss SHMEB!ST.
damn! can't watch her soap opera 
@shannonminion awwww  so what happened with the circus?
I can't get Music Catch 2 to load. 
Ballet later , work now 
Like Cinderella, it was all over at midnight  stupid parents.
I suck at making widgets, Opera keeps rejecting my config.xml  #mwc
Flamenco has given me a headache 
@StarlingFitness I bought Dance, Dance and am now trying to sell it on CL.  I can't get it!  Too hard, and not tutorials.  
@RiverdeepANDRed It did and it's oh so good except for the last three minutes of Watchtower. Taper had to patch with video sound.  
getting tired.. think im gonna lay down and fall asleep to watching Grease 2! then get to drive back to Eville tomorrow 
Feeling misreable, this is why I never go out. I need a dance partner asap!! 
@MCRmuffin me too, it happens with other songs too - even Interlude is amazing and no one ever mentions it 
Went to London yesterday to see WICKED the Musical for the second time. AMAZING. Kerry Ellis is amazing at Elphaba!! she's leaving 
i wish that i am in CCP right now watching my ballet school perform Cinderella  http://twitpic.com/4gyed i miss ballet 
i wish that i am in CCP right now watching my ballet school perform Cinderella  http://twitpic.com/4gyed i miss ballet 
@blessingtk How was HIFA man... miss HIFA big tym 
@tuttle88 I didn't have enough money to see Wicked 
About to enter State Theatre to see Dylan Moran, no photos allowed unfortunately 
awwww Gretel!!!!!  Hair is not nice... sorry 
saw The Audition last night, great show! ICT revision now 
awwww poor Gretel, she can't help it that she has no sense of humour or understanding of human compassion - leave her be twitterers 
all I wanted to do was go to rehearsal....is that too much to ask???? 
@_Cantus_ oh oh ,,c what you mean 
@showard1 I don't have a story  I'll tell you later! Concert was great though!
The Drama Troupe on Wish has left the neighborhood!  No more Romeo &amp; Juliette on the front lawn 
going to miss the HEAT game  cause i am going to the opera to see Madama Butterfly 
Clueso ? Concerts too far away  .
@CLiCKFlutehead but, but  i don't like concert choir and patello is evil.
Pride &amp; Prejudice is on tv. its the kiera knightly version. and its not as good as the 6 hour version 
@centerstage09 Haven't seen it!  lmaooo
 i will miss you 2008-2009 Sinfonia!
I actually really want to start dancing again. Thats my goal right now, to find a studio and start dancing again. I miss it so much 
@Cfitz002 oh no Rent  no!
musicals over 
and i think after all i do want to be with you. musicals over 
take it back baby take it back back baby (picturing robby do his dance)  i miss that betchhhhhh
@TheYoungDiva aww i'd like to join as if i like theater but unfortunately i don't 
Global Dance Convention 09! so fun and hard advanced was really challenging, but i still got threw it they were all big kids in advanced 
Wishes he was a better dancer 
@Ambee789 it was awesome.... don't wanna go home  Met some intense &quot;salesmen&quot; in times square tonight, found some awesome shit in a random
Shakespeare said that, &quot;parting is such sweet sorrow.  I found it to be quite the opposite 
And then it faded into Bittersweet Symphony..  ... And then it crapped out 
Met 4 cats this morning which wasnt good for the old allergies 
i'm playing some Brahms on clarinet, I want my oboe back from servicing 
@nirne awww he was there dang i missed it  i love when the old cast comes back for like a few old skits haha
Being a mime isn't easy 
My mother has commandeered the remote so we're no longer watching The Sound of Music 
Brothers and Sisters Finale 
@yeahtucker i wish i was a dancer.  
@Hatz94Music you left the chat and OhMyChilly took red again. i yelled at him...but he wouldnt listen. 
#twiparty I guess got frozen up. You guys were great! I'm going to pause at ballet studio bc i miss your comments   #rpattz
Watched The Duchess tonight. What a great movie, but such a sad story  oh and I did battle with a spider the size of my fist.
Spring Concert: done! Marching Band trip: not so much 
You all sound like you've had a bad day  Cheer up my chickens BabyBlue is sending u all kisses - MWAH!
The Soloist was BLEH! 
I teared up during the whole Juliet thing. in the #lost finale  I'm gonna miss her.
seriously wants to see @DavidArchie perform live!!!!! 
is surprised at how expensive the Open Air Theatre is 
2 essays, a book, Macbeth, art history prjct, bio test, math test... i really do hate school. ugh 
cogratulations to adam and kris!!!they are both great performers...but i really feel bad for danny... 
@Buckets2729 Same! I just hope there will be good questions on them!! Macbeth is so complicated! 
#twittermovies D'oh  @aplusk gets married and goes to Venice, amongst other places. Hilarity ensues.
I wish I had hair like Jasmins from Aladdin 
@sarebeth iTunes won't let me rent Rent, it will only let me buy it for 9.99$  i'd rather get it on bluray or something... oh well...
is wishing she was at the Ring Dance with Drew in Annapolis! 
I think Composer has had a stroke. That is what my gut is telling me 
@mplovesyou yeah i heard about that on 1075 earlier. I wanted to go but i had to go to my sister's3 hour dance recital. 
Met the most amazing guy: hot, good kisser, dom, and really nice...and he's married.  But I might get to be his sub!
@WAHMBizbuilder Learning the entire 1st act of Giselle as the lead. To perform tomorrow. 'Cuz our original lead got in an accident today. 
@NinjaFanpire I think you're right. :laughs: I really wanted the Elphaba snow globe though...It looked so badass... but cost $75 
HPYT summer show auditions are today for 'Children of Eden' and 'CATS'.  I *hate* sight-reading Sondheim.  
@Fayely  well good song! I so want to go see Wicked 
Madama Butterfly closed last night at Miami Opera, and I thought it wasn't closing until next week 
@timhibbard I hadn't had BWW in about 6 months before the other night, and no fried food for 4 months, it really upset my stomach too. 
Please, somebody needs to tell me that Juliet will be in the Season 6 and that she is not dead! 
i miss dance 
Going to dance rehersal!! 
i wish my aunt was here, The Secret Dance really doesn't work with one person 
I can not believe I'm going to miss the playoffs today  Meeting up w/ my cousins at Circus Circus.. ugh.
watching Hairspray then heading to my brother's soccer game. summer class tomorrow, realllly? 
@AshleighINSANE I like Grease but i'm not too fond of the lyrics they use for their songs ;p and most of the songs are too high 
dance is over until aug. 
@Music_Maiden this weekend and Queens Birfday w/e - I miss him 
just got done singing at Upright Cabaret!  remembered my lyrics! Woo!  blew out my chords!  waah 
happened. ( If only we dont have a dance recital that day. 
Pomona crushed. Dance party was intense. This is sad, I'm going to miss them. 
@souldudenl The conclusion of the Midsummer Murders? But I'm just getting warmed up.. 
Aw Drama exam today. 
I believe I have reached that stage of backpackerdom known as GRIMY 
@ngairep they don't lvoe me ngaire....its unfair   fecking norway, with his Fairytale
I hate my allergies so much right now.  Springtime...wohoo!
Sitting at my desk, in a slightly Cinderella-esq fashion as not on coach trip to Highgrove with the rest of the RSC staff 
chorus adventures: sight singing ! yay 
I am goona get ready for dance in a min but cant be bothed to go 
i'd rather be in it. but auditions had to be so late. 
Concert tonight went really well, but I'm kinda bummed that it was the last one for the year 
I saw &quot;The Pianist&quot; shortly after midnight (missed the beginning about 45 minutes, though...  )
Met andy no picture though 
Just went by the nederlander and had a meltdown over Rent being replaced  &lt;/3
Matric Dance after party here I come! then its study time 
Last weekend of &quot;Ruddigore,&quot; tho we are going on a minitour to the catskills the weekend after. I'll get misty saying goodbye to Matilda 
@BeccaCryan Musical knowledge fail  I should publish it to MLIA
MUSIC MUSIc MUSic MUsic Music music!!!!! Exams  saveee meee 
finished reading 'Valley of the Dolls' - loved loved loved - but don't like starting a fresh book late at night 
@Kaatje_68 no  I just don't know what flash dance is 
Lol you should think twice about letting him stay at your place. It might collapse in the middle of the night.  i would be sad. -Maestro
I wish they played all of the naughty ballerina audition   #sytycd
my orchestra carreer is officially over. 
@Bamachic80 LOL are you actually liking it, or just watching out of boredom like me LOL. I loved the original Grease but not this 
@debbylovespr I've got one too  though i think mine was attributed to the seizure inducing color/light show in the movie The Soloist.
@_faeriequeen I just saw the Hamlet update too - excellent news... Never so good as live though 
Goooooodmoring , I don't want to be up I am YAT   happy birthday again @its_aygee !
@Doonytime I have no Minstrels   I might have to grab some from the petrol station before I head back to work.  They are delicious!
@singlemom75 that's the prob, no idea how to meet guys. Met all my exs online &amp; now I've dated that pool dry 
Oh... I miss the Piano. 
Hairspray in hair + lighter&amp;bong = new haircut 
Prayers for my family and my dog - Mozart is being put down this afternoon.   Pics of him at http://tinyurl.com/mozartdog
I get the feeling @kris0614 is going to make me wait until I get home to tell me I'm denied vittles from BWW. 
Choir assembly was bad  it's fucking hot, yay!
Aw. Torn ace of hearts  #Hunchback
Apparently I'm not meant to take dance lessons here 
@GravyFloid Amadeus is the best Mozart movie. I got kicked out of high school chorus, missed a trip to Hawaii. 
Romeo and Juliet were very much in love when they were wed. They honored their vows, and where are they now? they're dead. 
@giselle2323 - Hopefully he won't discover all of my soap opera tweets. 
Feeling like Romeo and Juliet with Bryant and Wallinwood as the Montagues and Capulets...   #fb
Circus was fun - I don't have any hope of getting out of the parking lot - haven't moved in 10 min 
Bad day today  no Matinee!!
dance was good but i feel broken 
the dance was fall through  i feel really let down
the dance was a fall through  i feel really let down
@mrobertsonumd My local theater isn't playing it in 3D sadly.  but it was awesome. I can't say enough about it.
@SparksNotes Your little article about the Dos and Donts promotes conformity  Shakespeare was original, so why not students who study him?
@ricardoaperez i agree. but he wont listen to me  @chrismusick hitch hike pleaseee? and you owe me a dance!
i don't want to be done with Streetcar 
dance was awesome...i cried tho  lol
Tinkeron: I am only a Captain of the Dance 
Minstrels for breakfast, no supprise I feel sick 
I wish he was interested enough to learn something about me.  Fairytale complete.  
saw Rent tonight.. omg. amazing.  so crushed that i didnt get to meet the cast. 
last day to perform Romeo and Juliet 
I hate being super tired and then feeling restless  ...arg! Choreography show 'tis going to be 2day!!
#myweakness Soap Opera shows .. i miss passions 
Just watched The Duchess from my netflix queue. How depressing! 
Gloria Capulet wants to play with her daughter, &quot;Oh Juliet...&quot; I miss my Shakespeare Usuals 
This day is seriously going to suck! I'm not looking forward to this dance workshop considering how much i love to dance 
Waiting for something good to do... Aw i'm not going anymore to watch Jonas Brthers: 3D Concert Experience... 
just got back from the wedding. i can't believe i missed the DZK recital! 
@kathryntweets But she's so annoying! I know I'd love to be able to dance. It's so boring and I'm exhausted I cant do it  you? xx
Met @maureenregina in a very short time 
The matinee will have finished 
@thisisryanross  @brendonuriesays what happened to the circus? 
&quot;Hairspray&quot; music is vastly overrated when you have to sing it four weekends straight. 
Met wa, chui vo fong may lanh nghe nhac 
@_Cendrillon i miss you too  &lt;3
Just got back from dance rehersal. Finals suck 
@Zerbinetta Sounds much more indulgent than my oatbran/flax/blueberry/blackberry pancakes. They ached for maple syrup, but had none 
Just looked up movie times. Dance flick and ghost of girlfriends past aren't playing at eastgate. 
@MelAStev a Bach party  why you in abita?
@Sophieee1993 excellent  what song did she do? I found a site that predicted it was a Wicked song but no confirmation 
@dzhimbo Peter Grimes was fantastic, but @jamesmoran hated it so we left before it ended  Audition was for training with ENO.
Wish I was there in that audience 
Listening to Hairspray soundtrack   just had to put work shirts in wash, dont wanna go back next week 
@oveous have a great show tonight!!!  wish i cd be there to experience Mirror Dance live! 
Oedipus + Aeneid + procrastination = wishing there was something to do = more loneliness 
At my sisters dance recital. She now knows how to put on make up! They grow up so fast. 
At my little cousins dance recital  lol boring!
Heading off to concert, unsure if composer will be in attendance 
at dance recital number two...the end 
Concert strike sucks 
Missing rehearsals again!!!!!   It's become a really bad habit!!!!!!!
&quot;Sing tonight and fight the break of dawn come tomorrow, tomorrow I'll be gone&quot;    kristen picked a sad song while we're closing
And Turandot, a Chinese princess, obviously wore kimonos, which was too bizarre for me to focus on her singing. 
@SongzYuuup I like the puppets 2 
Time to practice Valse by Chopin ~idk wut opus #~ piano recital this saturday 
applebeees!!  recitals are over 
@NRLdance  I really need to dance!!!
@YoungQ *waving* hey! So Sasha does Theatre?..that's cool! That's what my degree is in..although I'm not putting it to good use right now 
ahhh! recitals are over! sad  applebees now !
My office is a thing of beauty. Now a hot shower and some much needed zzzz's. All work + no play makes Juliet a very dull girl. 
can't believe she lives in a world where Spring Awakening doesnt exist on Broadway or in the West End  Congrats guys, it was beautiful!
@Salehh @mogz I can't beat stage 5-2 
Curtain closing time again 
@dance4hollywood i miss you princess! 
Is running mad late. Stage time +15 
@x3Vanessaaaaa I do the sad dance for you... *sad dance*  
Footloose on the pool!!! But that's all im allowed 
@marisa004 I will, but I miss too much in the theater when there's no captioning.  
Today Facts: Pinocchio is Italian for &quot;pine head.&quot; &amp; i have a loooooot of homework to do 
There is hope on the (Playwrights) Horizon, but still no place to lay my head at night 
Fugue in minor D makes me cry 
BIG problem for upcoming Opera 10 due to bad scriptings  http://is.gd/KR4s when will the web learn to code properly n stop blaming Opera
dance is over. 
Awww - Debz is *really* missing Pops already 
wanna see Phantom of the Opera. Missed it TWICE when they were in SF 
About to perform with the Southwest Washington Wind Symphony! Might be my last concert with them for a while (thanks to MBA in the fall) 
Finished Cabaret for ever  gonna miss it!
My last performance as percussionist for our school's musicals 
Is getting ready for school but b4 that its Jazz Band it soo cool but school currantly sucks 
@mrowsell Twas my dad's surprise party last night. I came close to telling him so many times! The weather's great but I got sunburnt. 
This is what happens when im bored....paid programming  &quot;Angel of Music
The PAWS outside the new building are calling my name.  I hear you, Beethoven, but you exceed the 30 lb limit 
has no one to go to Gogol Bordello show with 
The problem with hiring talent is for every one act you book, you shoot another 5 down.  Drama-mine in and of itself which sucks hard.  
@pepperlive http://twitpic.com/6ddlo -Fox Theater in Pomona 5.28.09- I couldn't get to my comp any sooner  can you studs follow me? =]
Not even the Aladdin soundtrack can motivate me to do this essay. 
Just discovered I missed the French Bronzes exhibit at the Met http://tinyurl.com/bcgeb2  
Pussycat Dolls is here in Jakarta, but I can't watch them perform tomorrow because of the low back pain 
Three out of three, I can't believe they didn't kiss on stage 
burnt my arm on cookies, and broke my little 'E' String 
@michelle808 good times! Met some new people but no oceans 
off to blowing the flutes today, again. Rehearsal all day. I don`t wanna!!! But I have to blame myself, I said yes to it 
I want my Dance Tsubaruuuuu  soon! I'm so slowww 
@lromlin True that ^^ But at least you get to see Dream Theater and Journey... FU 
Finished tiny Bach bio/ need to stick with bio's of still living so I don't get upset by inevitable sad ending  #fb
'the cause of this defect, for this effect defective comes by cause.'- confusing much!? Shakespeare giving me a headache 
@kennywormald awwww.. i was looking forward to seeing you and the other dancers here in the phili 
I enjoy acting out Hamlet. Sitting here just looking at the words is no fun at all.  It is entertaining at points though.
Finally home and thinking about the finale dance. The dancers in my head must be sleep cause I've got nothing. 
Has some sort of head cold and is really worried about passing on to Ceilidh.  
What are you doing? fui devolver a fantasia 
just designed a terrific stage, that probably won't fit in the venue it's supposed to 
Requiem for the weekend 
Alas, Debussy, Beethoven, and Ellington. I must leave you to learn how to talk on the phone properly. 
The Duchess is pretty boring so far 
I cant be bothered doing Macbeth coursework, i am stuck and dunno what to do 
Finished mii hw &amp; goin Dance Classz. 
@timidheathen he was my ballroom dance parter and best friend 
I think that dances are ridiculously unnecissary. 
@pim2005 ohhhhhhhhh  hehe wheeeeeeeee for socks. Bolero socks have been jolly useful in my current unable to wear shoes state.
going to dance rehearsal 
im soo upset  Gosh.geez soccer practice, Finals, Dc trip, Dance, Graduation, physical tests...it nvr ends :'( i have a headache.
@Antigone sorry to hear that  Your family is strong and I'm confident this will just be a temporary setback.
Choir concert tonight (my last one with the seniors.  Wahh! ) and then home to catch some much needed ZZZ's.
@doesthishurt and stage 3 doesn't sound good to me 
@kristencarta Did ya go to the Dentist too? I got a phobia, I have to be sedated or I'll scream, slap, &amp; have a panic attack. Drama Queen 
@Violetlilly I hate feet  Grosses me out
I don't use kazoos enough or at all in my own productions 
@ksanch22 next Saturday we have Cirque le Masque so I can't do this weekend or next weekend 
http://twitpic.com/6g44p - I am gonna miss you friend  Thanks for being there for me when I needed it Tango! I will never forget you!
I think I lost 2 followers   Also, I'm covered in glitter. why? because I wanted lips like Hedwig ;)
final season of Queer As Folk, so depressing. 
@Juxten since we dont have our drunken dancers. i know  same here.
Ugh i have to take my choir final now 
got told that his written French was very bad, so much so that poor Moliere would not only turn but also jump in his grave 
@deancarl It was lovely. Lots of pretty sights and people. Concert was ok but not great. The hotel was 950ft up a hill. Not fun to walk. 
My Opera Mini keeps acting up 
@Lyric07 have some for me...I'm just now going to work 
@dustinson Don't remind me of my videos. I have approx. 2 hours raw material,which needs to be captured and properly edited with Premiere 
It was most of the Seniors' last days in Dance today...I'm so sad... 
@tuckerpivonka I wish I was playing it. I just got started and then had to go to rehearsal. 
@3nalicious same! and Bittersweet Symphony was my fav song for ages.. Always makes me sad  yup, and the characters are just shitty xD
very jealous i am not seeing No Doubt at HOB right now 
i'm a little sleepy  i believe i need to dance!
anywhooo, funday :} g'night rehearsals tom early i think 
Yay ! Shakespeare complete... Currently filling of misc. forms - how funnnn . 
Wicked tired but I have to get my econ presentation for tomorrow all figured out 
This economy is really hurting the theater. This was the least amount of people present in the past 2 yrs. Pasadena Playhouse. 
@BecaBear Gong with Liz to dinner and State Theatre for a play tonight. Don't miss me too much 
When will &quot;The Soloist&quot; be showing here in the Philippines?!!!! I wanna watch it already!!! 
@opera sadly the Japanese page hasn't been updated 
@jbinx: Mamimiss ko ang Pussycat Dolls. 
and it crashed !! #opera @opera 
Now I feel a bit bad for missing my Shakespeare class 
Macbeth is boring 
Prompted to try a new Opera mobile since the desktop version has come out. I've never really liked Opera but can't put my finger on why 
@electric_blueee no worries. Going to give time for revision in class so you can ask me then. Rep sport cancelled... again 
@Addiiee I miss Rep 
@tonimelton Where are you?  I'm up just after 5 and it's daylight!  Midsummer soon...and then the darkness will begin to return.  
Theatre studies wat a bore  i guess its all in the process of the business
Opera 10 lacks border-radius. 
I de-coned Juliet last night and now she doesn't come to me for ear-scratching anymore.    I'm keeping the cone, in case i get lonely.
Just sold his Horrors tickets for tonight 
@binchn oh no very very shit!!  on sunday is Christines ballet show...you must get healthy until sunday!! very fast ok?
@kmowine Yes, an actual horn. I just did my scales and barely enough Beethoven to say so. Noisytimes are over for now. 
Broken Strings came on Corrie. Deffo made me depressed. 
@mat_simmons Music Media and Drama, now they taked out the dramas, i have to pick between music or drama and then pick summit like beauty 
is doing very very poorly in Mendelssohn... 
Sitting out of dance. 
@jed05 I'll definitely be waiting for that.  Juliet and I miss you very much 
@mileycyrus i wish you and nick @jonasbrothers would get back together  the preview of your duet is so beautiful! and so were u guys!
Joffrey won't leave me alone. 
Bugger all. Theatre class already has assignments up. I'd best start, yeah? 
Off to read and maybe watch Sonata epi of Moonlight...I miss that show 
@Darealamberrose ...PussyCat Dolls I guess 
opera 10 on ubuntu - fast is fast! but some sites dont look so good  #opera
heading out to the last dance 
I'm not going to the dance 
saw 9-5 tonight,  Kudisch was out sadly   but at least that bumped up @justinpatterson !
@Just_Pops so you want your kids to grow up with no sealife? 
@bluedonkey Did you go to the free opera?  Or were you just passing through? I wanted to go. 
Drama at home....  pray for me and my sisters.
Should be building a conservatory but it's pissing down.   
@Ske3t i missed the water fight  this sucks..you know what else does? the end of Mikado sticks lol.
To work and then off to Premiere...wonder what this year will hold? Lots of brutal heat, keratin treatments and other curl-killing, I bet 
Why doesn't Facebook work properly on Opera? 
Ugh rehearsal 
it was quite boring Baroque,even that la Lohan was there 
I'm torn, because watching Beethoven means there's an adorable bear of a puppy on my screen but there are people being mean to dogs too 
@Jonasbrothers I was at a birthday!  But i'll see ya'll on the Music Awards!
Watching Beethoven makes me want another dog 
Having a duvet day. Just watched a marathon of the hills, now for the Hamlet revision, been putting it off all day 
Trio of jovial ladies came by, seemed to like my villain handbooks, but didn't buy them 
Concert pics from ATL pretty much suck! @JonathanRKnight keep your head up I couldnt get one decent pic of you  So sad, love you!
@Pippin09 Awwww you poor thing 
Sitting in my LAST orchestra rehearsal. Last concert tonight. 
@Maestro mine is boring as well 
@Maestro oh I just looked and you not following me anymore....  
getting ready for dance recital. i kind of regret not dancing this year 
@helenmirren love your work - trying to get tickets for Phedre, missed out on cinema link up 
oh no...got this terrible song stuck in my head: &quot;Fairytale&quot; 
@JohnnyThomson2 I agree, and the Met is too full and expensive to go out 
Met white tigers t'day... he was bsy sleeping but 
they never fucking played ftsk  so we never got to do our smexy dance! gutteddd
@camiknickers  You could maybe the Cello at the same time...
Recital tonight! AHH scared/sore/full/my feet hurt. lol its ugly outside 
Reasons why i'm fed up are three fold; 1) Revision is impossible 2) I am on my bill in my stupid house 3) The summer Ball sounds WICKED. 
@candicekei i agree! I'm so bummed, he was my fave! no more dance battles 
@RadioRose @RadioRose Ballet shoes! 
@feltbeats I wish I was going to the premiere!!! 
I think we're in trouble. Concert stopped. 
is home from a really sad recital, 
Just got back from the second dance concert we did really well.I am sad it's over 
@crdhs Money problems  Apparently the economy hasn't been so kind to Broadway
Is finished with dance recitals this year 
@c_elizabeth that's awesome x) I wish I could see it on Broadway too. I don't think they do it anymore though. It stinks 
@bleachedacademy  i cant come. i have stupid dance production. xxx
Circus = MINDBLOWING! haha. clowns were super terrifing though 
@coldplay I was going to go to that concert, but i didn't have enough cash to go  i really want to see ya'll in Concert.
finished dance 
Grease is over 
Concerts over 
Finished blogging. I wanna watch Dance! Subaru, The Hangover and Coraline. UGHHH. 
Finally going to bed...Improv was ehhh...my tweet-genius has been up n down! 
I want to play eternal sonata 
Concert was awesome...but I lost my phone 
morning all off to Middlesbrough Music Live today, hope it doesn't rain 
really REALLY misses my ballet sO sO sO much!!! 
Frenzy was amazing. For sure the best one yet! Currently watching Romeo and Juliet, so sad 
@quinland   There Performing cause i can remember reading it somewhere 
@Firebird71 I had sausage, bacon, egg and mushrooms, yummmm although they're sitting heavy in my stomach 
Missing those noisy Icans, that butt-less Atenean, the slow Claratian, that other crazy Knoller and everyone else in Teen Theater 1. 
is mad she is missing Odunde back home 
@B_Knight_Music where the heck is @wordsmithmusic on there ?  boooo!
britts.. last recital 
This is Duchess's mommy talking to tell you that Duchess is at the vets for a week. 
there on stage now  we cant hear them
rehearsal cancelled 
  no ass beatings, checked out Playhouse in Baltimore this weekend as well.  Feeling quite rested and a bit out of sorts.
dance is over 
I don't know why, but great male singers make me tear up. 
@cenori giiirl i cry angsty tears every day because I'm not talented enough for Broadway  S'NOT FAIR
@Serenade13 :S awww randa, well im so confused and cbf 
All of Opera seems to be down, too - even tried the IRC channel - no dice 
@burlesques oh no.  I heart the tony's
@ThatKaz Pretty sure it is on the web...and I want to see 9 to 5 on Broadway.  Dolly also is doing a signing here next week, but I work. 
spent the day so far cleaning and listening to Bowie. I've been told i'm boring and old, so now it's Pussycat Dolls... 
Opera doesn't allow me in twitter and Skyfire keeps logging me off. 
@Wwm_Shakespeare fine willy shakes, leave me stranded with a mile high of english hw  i thought you were here for me man  guess not 
The Taper has begun... tho' to look at my plan you wouldn't know it 
@NaeSoDope and I was broadcastin on tour yu coulda watch sum on the Total Dance show too 
Why did I not learn how to rap or learn fashion design?....Was learning Beethoven and Chopin really paying off for me? 
Morning lovers, got a long long day and it's so going to drag  Erm.. Met Office, where is this rain we were predicted!!! Scammed.
And I missed all the dancing.  All that's left is the finale. 
Good week ahead: Dissertation hand in today, Hamlet tomorrow, Friday end of degree. Bye Bye Theatre Student 
Why did I have to visit the Home Theatre forums again ... WHYYYYY....   *self-poison*
asks totoo ba na magrereopen ang Metropolitan Theater? I recall reading about it but I lost the link.  http://plurk.com/p/111qk9
@Wengles Yeh, I just popped into HMV this morning and bought a copy of it. It wasn't on the 'new albums' stand, was in Dance section.. 
3rd Rehearsal &amp;  still have lots 2 do 
SRP. Macbeth for the night 
If listening Bach makes me a freak... well.. poor &quot;normal&quot; people...  http://bit.ly/dSgGY pity... 
Home... am all sweaty and icky  Humidity is crazy... And I have to get another Hamlet in Zurich -_-
there is somebody outside our office practicing Opera very badly! 
is wondering who did the RAIN Dance???....I might have to work late so I can ride home. 
Ballet tomorrow  didnt go last week and havent been to Birmingham Classes for two weeks  so need to catch up!!
aww I forgot to watch 'World's greatest Musical Prodigies'  Thank goodness for Sky+ and C4+1
working on a monologue 
@chicodebarge I ssssoooo wish u annouced this earlier! I luv seein u perform.. 
@PoleSkivvies better than before, but still no where near pole dance ready 
Comedy central rocks but it's inexcusable that they dubbed it to german 
@NevadaDon I can't now  the Curtains are closed 
Wicked awesome show last night! Now its back to my &quot;fake not my real job&quot;  sad and depressed.
is watching Pride and Prejudice&lt;3333 saddest part in this movie 
Jammin some bullet before the ferry goes to Met., rain is cool but i wanna skate.  *JOHN 3:3*
extemely tired. i can' believe dance is almost over ! 
Puttin a perm on my hair its gon burn cuz i been scratching real bad  &lt;~RaiinbowGiirl~&gt;
it's 9:57 and i've decided i really, REALLY want to play Dance Dance Revolution. Dang. 
I miss Dance. 
@ejmoore86 no  i may  have to suffice for just piano improvisation tutoring for now.
@_Mercutio  The truth will never go on while the none believers hold me back!
making animals out of organic tortilla chips and getting hand massages while studying for Lit and watching HSM3.. wow, good combo! 
starts Pole Dancing tonight I'm so nervourse! Just found out nadine can't make it I don't want to go alone  who wants to come?
Watching  A Raisin the sun for my exam and then pulling an all nighter  hopefully i wont fall asleep during exams
Watching Highschool Musical 3, it's sad that I'm excited about it 
Opera Unite is a great idea, but even sharing simple notes is not implemented correctly 
Wow! Wow! Opera Unite has me all excited, but I can't try it out as I'll be cut off from the internet over the next week 
Opera as usual are a good few years ahead of the pack.  I love the concept, if only it was open source and could work on any browser! 
Dropped @JinDT to our highschool, SHS-J. Met my &quot;ex&quot; Dance Troupe mates. So sad there's no official Dance Troupe anymore 
@catchamrutha &lt;3 Dream Theatre. I really, really miss Chennai's whole band scene  And all the general music and theatreness. *sob*
bah!!! my wireshark doesn't work  can't see what Opera unite sends over the line... 
Filmed with 12 week puppy today which was great! Filmed next to raw sewage from a buiding site too. Not so great 
missed dance workout again 
Opera won't open my page 
i'm so tired my stomach feels sick! wth?!  Drama exam today!! D:
@psdcruncher I enjoyed Luminato on Saturday, although the Cirque du Soleil show was crazy packed and I couldn't see a thing 
@andymurd Opera Unite seems to be offline  Although from previous &quot;testing&quot; it looks good.
still not finished this fucking junior cert  last exam tomorrow..music. better go study some Carmina Burana &amp; 59th Street Bridge Song...
trying to book tickets to see Tosca at the Paris National Opera but the bloody site is in French and i am linguistically retarded. 
@AmandaNBC4 I guess I didn't check the new maps to see that the N. Broadway ramps SB would be closed 
I'm sick.  I think I have stage cough. lol
Anyone made flash works in Opera 10 on !ubuntu jaunty 64bit? I have only sound 
I've read two articles about Opera Unite, and I still don't get it. Feeling dense today. 
@nikolem2 I have to find Persephone a new home. I am wheezing/can't breathe from my cat allergies - didn't think it would get this bad. 
@annemariemusic Intensive Dance workshop all week 
Opera Unite is WICKED!! Love it! Hate the fact that I'm now switching back and forth between Chrome and Opera now. 
Now listening to Phantom Of The Opera Original London Cast. I really want to see it again  I was too young to appreciate it before
can't believe dance is over 
@stephenfry it's been down  glad you enjoyed the Ballet. xx
@I_Cleopatra @xLonelyGodbackX *waves* bye bye.. 
Pretty excited for dance, even though my kinsey will not be arriving 
ugh i suck at theater i wish i can just sing how i usually sing and then they would realize that im not bad 
Wondering if I'm ever gonna get the guts to watch Requiem For A Dream? I feel like I'm missing out 
but im failing to find auditions 
Traded Opera for Firefox again, too many websites that aren't Opera proof 
@kellypuffs now you have Alexander's Ragtime Band playing in my head  damn community band memories...
@ddlovato the final audition for our school's Theater Group  will start tomorrow. I'm so nervous 
im back and know i have 2 do greece....wat i rele wanna do is watch CMT Music Awards.. 
My little girl had her first dance class tonight  Ballet and tap. I missed but but I heard from her dad that she was in her glory 
@Wicked12 oh sure rub it in, i dont want a virgin show  i like to know what to expect and look for.
finally watched Evita, so now i can understand the hype! while baking snickerdoodles, i burnt my arm. now i've fancy a permanent scar! 
finally watched Evita, so now i can understand the hype! while baking snickerdoodles, i burnt my arm. now i don a permanent scar! 
wants to watch The Little Mermaid on Broadway again!  I feel like a little kid :p
http://iran.whyweprotest.net now has In Memorium section.  We will record names, how, when etc if tweeted
My jazz costume makes me look like a hooker... And I go on stage with it... Can you say awkward?! 
http://twitpic.com/7lqg6 - leaving the stage 
@Requiem2056 we just really need to find and confirm housing for the three of us. We're all small... 
Shit.  Oboe prize today 
morning all. went to Spiegeltent last night and forgot about the washing-now it's totally drookit    [ @GHmltn please note use of slang]
is finding Opera Unite very tempting but complicated 
So anyone used Opera Unite yet? Tests with @dadepo yday didnt work 
Opera unite - no delicious buttons   bye bye opera
Just finished my chorus final, and now i have to sit here till 11:45...so stupid 
Theatre was funny, but now i'm ill. 
NSMT is closing?! 
Skylight Opera Theatre Exec. Board and Managing Director - WHAT is going on? http://tinyurl.com/mvltr8 Pls engage with your audiences. 
I wish I could go see the Nashville Symphony do Brahms 2 on Friday, but I can't afford a hotel room. 
Isnt going to see Rent because her dad is a douche. So sad. 
@ddlovato i wanted to go to the premiere!!!  but i might not be able to.
rehersals for WE WILL ROCK YOU!!!! i mean rehersals are sooo fun but then they are over and you come crashing back down to reality 
@Hoodlumsband sounds great! Wish I hadn't had a rehearsal 
I need to learn new dance choreography... 
is disappointed that the Oscar Wilde Bookshop has closed down 
scanning and cleaning sketches -- some green tea helps -- Opera Unite services are stopping working quite often, too bad 
Wishing I could go out and dance 
I wish I could ballroom dance 
@JBFutureboy I'm late  I was practicing with the choir !!
@ dance... i luv dance but am honestly not having much fun 
...there once was a girlbird named getrude mcfuzz... i miss drama, i miss being onstage, and i miss seussical! 
Misses his dance classes!!!! 
unable to audition for 'Idol' after all.. unavoidable circumstances 
Rescued a baby jack rabbit, nursed it back to health, now taking it to a conservation site  I'm gonna miss you Shakespeare
missed out on general cast auditions :S i hope im still allowed to audition for dorothy.. or glenda 
Drama at work makes me so tired 
i miss dance 
I hate the Metro Theatre for gigs, its just so small and meh. Why did Karnivool have to have a gig there, i missed out of tickets. 
opera always makes me cry 
doesn't have enough moscato to last through Rent 
@nocturne150 It hurts ....it hurts... 
@RemyBanks so do I. I miss the Lyricist lounge show. Wordsworth was fiyah. 
@MaryaMurphy I would gladly watch Chimes at Midday, but Beatrice Welles won't let me. 
@Trumpet1105 It's a cruel world. 
@BRITTANYBOSCO where u go??? Missed my dance 
@spicylan take it back! did you see us backstage? we cldnt find u 
enjoyed #fodm yesterday. Thanks to all the great speakers - I had to rush off though so no drinks for me. I was going to see Carousel 
Midsummer party tonight, and i have a cold 
I want a waggle dance 
@Juilliard tomorrow's a rest day for you? psh, lucky. i have an RE exam tomorrow 
Midsummer is upon us. Means I'm going to spend the afternoon in a massive traffic jam 
Nephew broke his wrist yesterday while on a snowboard on a trampoline.   This limits Midsummer fun and activities.
I'm slightly upset that I am not returning to the circus 
Drama at the high seas. I'm praying for my best friends family.  hopefully everything will work out.
@ladymaryann I got opera but it's not working 
hi! Music school soon  I can't stand it any more... Singing is a lot funnier...
@selenagomez @ddlovato are you guys there for the premiere of princess protection program??? I wish I could go to that or watch 
@rolytaylor I clicked on the Haydn performance, and I get the message, &quot;not available in your area&quot; 
great. I can't start with streetdance... 
Listening to music by the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra. Think I'm gonna cry soon  
@closer2fine We really must. But I'm so sad... I can't come to Broadway Barks. I have to work.  I really want to cry.
Wishing I was at the magical Glyndebourne gala or the Traviata first night, but stuck at work with a never decreasing inbox 
omg guys lyk a week 2day left in col  till nxt yr lyk .....Footloose is over bu naw gotta do extracts in the NCFE show n 2 otha shows
@phel He does, and he's trying to scan it ... I wish he would touch me like this when we're being intimate 
Today we had schedule to watch &quot;Dance Flick&quot; since your an hour from home still in the hospital, I have to watch it alone 
@STEPHATRONIC I fear your evil closet of awesome clothes and Broadway costumes. 
Drama notes are not fun 
@Broadway009 with a cute guy... i wishhh. i don't have a man  find me someone cute! haha. how are you doing?
@Broadway009 no  lol. i'm too much for them. haha kidding. but no i don't have one unfortunately. lol.
Tweeties! Twas a long day @ work today but it's over and now I'm on the way home. But my tummy hurts 
K dance now, I feel like a whale 
@ddlovato you guys are so pretty! i wish i could go to your premiere  i live close too! oh well. have fun you guys! you deserve everything
@Storyteller sorry, still don't see any of that. don't worry about it. perhaps it's my mac/firefox... 
Standing in line for lottery tickets to see Wicked http://twitpic.com/7qw03 we did not win 
Rehearsal not going as expected 
Watched Requiem for a Dream with Kathlene. I forgot how depressing it was.  sad face.
Not that i play guitar but i'd be well gutted if one of my strings snapped while i was playing on stage  x
Piano lesson one  I so should have done this when I was 5!!!
Still unable to find someone to go to tonight's WASO performance with me - @supoli is sick, so I'm all by my lonesome 
Concert was amazzingggg I'm so sad it was my last one  just talked with jimmy...he's the best haha clownin with robo..this nite is great
I miss the stage... 
One of my favorite Mexican Soap Operas is over tomorrow  Another good one is due to come out on Monday, haha! I love me some Soap Operas.
I can sleep.  Drama at work is getting to me.  
Rehearsing for the Choir. arghh,, so bad! 
Hey Opera, what are you doing to my pictures 
@rtaibah @Opera's only fault is being proprietary, so all of the safety/security/privacy stuff can never be verified. 
just watched Grease, ahhh makes me realize how much I'm going to miss everyone 
everytime I listen to Moonlight Sonata I regret giving up my piano and organ 
Midsummer but only enjoying@work... 
I didn't even get to see u dance 
My last Alevel exam today! Grotowski 
@1outside haha cool. I like this big glass brick one - is it the National Theatre? But I have never been inside 
Ahh, stressing for the drama challenge dress rehearsal! 
Met bureau predicts gusty northerly winds tomorrow morning so we've cancelled our flight - bummer 
Midsummer evening will be spent at home in bed, not exactly according to my plans. I have lost my voice and got fever 
i want 2 play dance 
Ugh so far away from the stage  still enjoying the music
wish she could have gone to the Midsummer party today 
#inaperfectworld I would be able to dance for real... 
feels like crying... the Georgia Theater burned down last night 
The Georgia Theater is on fire!  
The Georgia Theatre is on fire!  
@JPSTG The Script Concert! Over 18's only 
Oh no!!! GA Theatre is on fire  Not sure how bad it is: http://tinyurl.com/gatheatre (via @MetromixAtl)
say a prayer for Georgia Theater!! its on fire . 
Someone take me to the Globe Theatre to watch some Shakespeare.... PLEEEAAAASSSEEEE 
Oh my god- Georgia Theater is on fire.   http://tinyurl.com/gatheaterfire
 how horrible  R.I.P Georgia Theater
 Athens landmark Georgia Theater  on fire... http://bit.ly/EOL7s
#Athens tweeps just joining us:  The GA Theatre is on fire.  
Georgia Theatre burned!!!!!!!!!!!  Extreme grief.  http://is.gd/16gmy
The Georgia Theatre  http://yfrog.com/0ecw6j
The Ga.Theatre in Athens burned down this morning!  http://www.onlineathens.com/
just heard the news this morning about the GA Theatre burning in Athens.  My friends, Mass Solo Revolt played there just last night!
Georgia Theater has been completely destoyed by fire. 
Mourning the GA Theatre http://bit.ly/k0EIu 
Heartbroken over the fire at The Athens Theater. http://www.onlineathens.com/ Always meant to go. I hope hope it's not too late. 
Heartbroken over the fire at The Georgia Theater. http://www.onlineathens.com/ Always meant to go. I hope hope it's not too late. 
very sad to hear about the GA Theatre 
I'm feeling less and less optimistic about The Georgia Theater being rebuilt. 
Georgia Theatre!   http://tinyurl.com/nez487
Ugh. Georgia Theater burned down. 
My family just said goodbye as the song &quot;No One Mourns the Wicked&quot; played...sad day. 
Athens friends-- the Georgia Theatre is on fire and burning to the ground 
last final enqlish... i hope i atleast passs. my finqers hurts from the extrme 5 paraqraph essay on Romeo and Juliet. 
noooo the GA Theatre burned down 
The Georgia Theater burnt down last night 
Hates to see that the GA Theatre is burning to a total loss 
goodbye Georgia Theater 
@JPat88 is right, GA Theatre will rise again for sure! But minus a lot of photos, furniture, and acquired history over the years... 
@twizzle36  me too 
I'm watching Grease,  I miss choir 
This morning the historic Georgia Theater caught fire.  
And also sad about the GA Theatre news I heard this morning.  Historical to our Athens community 
A hometown landmark, the Georgia Theatre, was completely destroyed by fire this morning. Owner isn't sure he can rebuild. So sad.   
I am so bothered Opera Unite services are stopping working after few minutes and needing to be restarted 
In rehearsal right up until showtime. It's the only rehearsal they have scheduled.  
i'm getting such anxiety over my piano recital tonight 
 The Georgia Theatre burned down this morning. so sad.
As of 3:30 when I drove by, they are still spraying water at the Georgia Theatre 
Georgia Theatre burnt down... How sad!! 
Peaceblaster Update:  Fire guts Georgia Theatre in Athens:   Fire guts Georgia Theatre in .. http://tinyurl.com/llessq
@londonsymphony love all the LDN orchs. But they're mired in tech mud. Surprised #Philharmonia is not on the ball.The #LPO twitter act is 
The Georgia Theatre in Athens.... burned down. Horrible. I've been drunk in that place many, many times. RIP. 
not long been in, saw Carousel tonight - very good, even tho friend of mine is out injured 
@astorysofar me too  I'm waiting for it to either be in dollar theater or on dvd 
is at The Magik Theatre surrounded by a bunch of kids 
Oh and the song that I never want to hear again (Pomp and Circumstance) is stuck in my head!  lol.
I Really wanna get back into dance..but when I was younger I remember seein adults in dance classes and I made fun of them..  
is off to see Rent, but is caught by a stupid train crossing!!!! 
Salome at the Met is on tomorrow night,  I gotta work  hello dvr ;-) BRILLIANT!
I realized tomorrow is my last dance recital ever...now I'm sad 
@no1gotswaglikbf   its some special performance so i guess we won't be able to see them (@thebeatfreaks) perform   #beatfreaks
Messed up my Notes client by trying to add Symphony updateSite content   looks like I need to re-install Notes
Wicked pumped about moving tomorrow... not so excited about un-packing... 
@Broadway009 i know, but it needs to be leaked or something, it was on making the band and then i waited and waited for it but nada 
@Broadway009 believe me i've searched, its not donnie singing, and its not the same 
Prelude again! 
she said that a few of them left from the stage. 
@StraitHoodie have fun in ballet! i'm still starting in july 
Wunderbar  the milk is off and has curdled in my freshly brewed coffee
Ballet this morning but I've strained my leg at gymnastics and I can hardly move my leg!! I don't wanna be rubish on the last day 
@SoftSurrender MWAH miss you so much 
@iCherAnn Bwahaha yuup! So saddddd  and missing theater are we?? ;))
New Dream Theater and Ghostbusters game in one day... what a shame I have work 
Ballet was grueling this morning...my legs are so sore 
Finished reading King Oedipus, now have the 2nd oedipus and antigone to read. I lost my bookmark for Pride &amp; Prejudice  Where am I up to??
pretty upset about the Georgia Theater downtown getting destroyed by the fire....best high school times there 
I f***ed up my auditions. I won't be surprised if I don't make it. 
I don't wanna leave!  Rehearsal later today? Haha mmm.
urghhh dance recital and sickk... i have no voiceee 
@stinkiepinkie HOW COOOOOOOOOOOL! I've ALWAYS wanted to go to the mermaid parade there 
has an audition for the ENO Opera Works on Tues, but needs to get to London on a budget.  Megabus..?  Cringe!  Oh how I suffer for my art.
I don't like to go dancing 
I am sooo bored, have my sisters dance competition 
dance rehersal, work, dance recital. can't even go home in between  busy, busy day.
@Folk_ I'm trying to... U change ur pin? 
switchfoot's coming to toronto tomorro!!   im not going   but the SOund of Music Festival is still on!
I'm really sad about the Georgia Theater 
I just watched Cyrano de Bergerac and almost cried.  Such a sad but beautiful movie.
I am late for my choir rehearsal again! Lolz. 
Although this sing from Rent is making me want to cry, I miss the y13s so much 
chronicals of narnia:* ugh. dance at 3 . interview got rescheduled 
i miss singing on the stage 
At Riverdance festival, one guy just had a heartattack (died?)... sad 
@VictoriaBradyy i am sorry. i am not going to your recital. 
wishes she could see ABT's Romeo + Juliet 
i'm feeling a little deflated now... there's no follow @peterfacinelli spamming. no obsessing. wen @211me does his dance it'll be over 
Wicked leaves tomorrow 
my family went out and left me at home to clean...and called me Cinderella 
plans fell thru...again. off to work. i want to get drunk and go dance up the fiddlers  x
off to babysit soon! ... wishin i was going to the dance 
@ktburrr oh how I miss Rent 
getting readyy for the dance recital, so nervous  !
i wanted to go dancing 
@l7productions sad i am not there with you guys. 
So this is how Cinderella feels after she's been treated like dirt from her evil stepsisters.  To be honest.....I really don't like it. 
Spinoza Lyceum don't want me  Now I have to search for a new school or something...
Concert was cancelled!!! Hal is crushed. This is so upsetting 
Concert is good so far but i miss @proe4 
I can't find my other glove for the costume. I'm gonna end up looking like the Thriller of the Opera. 
recitals over  but britta's not leaving us !!
@maddaykinns i sawwwy  but, i heard mc's there. Singin' befo' the $t0rm.
i have to make  up a drama performance, i dont want to but i have to 
I miss my dance partner 
Ok.. apparently I was not meant to attend the &quot;Sound of Music Festival&quot; 
Just left the longest dance recital ever and we are lost in the scary ghetto part of north charleston 
@amanda_lala ueeah! i probably have to do my pointe dance in ballet shoes tomorrow 
In my home packing it all up holding on 2 the wonderful memories, momories ill treasure for ever  http://myloc.me/4Met
I can't go to my Dance Training in Manila later. I'm stuck here in the province. 
I wish I could have seen Romeo &amp; Juliet tonight with the girls 
Ugh, and only now he decides that it's too hot to dance...  I actually really wanted to dance a little but I think I became the 3rd wheel
Watching drumline and seriously missing otani 
I want to go dancing. I've haven't for so long, I think I might have forgotten how to 
is up with Haydn, who is not feeling well...  
I feel a fever approaching  trying to dance it off
@Lyric2283 I'm sorry about your friend 
I missed th dance along so i dont really know the steps 
@fabwrldgoodlif I vote that dance is never done again.... 
I wish &quot;improv everywhere&quot; would come to michigan.  That or we should start one 
Piano is not going to get moved again today  i wish i had super magical strength so i could move it all by myself :/
@wendyldavis Oh Looks like I've missed it  I love Ravel too.
dance task 5 is evil 
@ninjamoeba Unfortunately, there was no dancing. 
is thinking how easy Mozart should be to memorize....so why am I having trouble doing it 
@umutm Oops! The demo only works in Safari and partially in Opera  Doesn't work in any other browser I tested in.
i love to dance dance dance! and i can't wait to see dave (finally) on monday. geeze...he is always leaving me. 
Watching a doco about Pianos &amp; thier makers. Making me wish I had access to my piano again 
Doing this TPA things, listening to The SIGIT. Ughhh I didn't come to their Dyslexia Concert 
@TWCWeekends It moved my choir concert inside 
@harleygusman hahaaa i wishhhh dude, he went backstage  but its straight, if we meet again then we know it's meant to be
@raquelramosx i am onn auditioning, too bad auditions already happened! 
Midsummer festival in WoW has began, so much fun, I can't catch the damn torches though  Any tips??
Concert is cancelled, tourbus problems  not fair.
@RSNO Was  not to see the Huddersfield Choral Soc &amp; RSNO gigs at #stmagfest Shoulda got tix sooner, dammit!
uhoh dance recital coming up  im nervous!
hmmm haven't been on this in a while - been busy with &quot;A Chorus Line&quot; - sad it's over though 
@h3ykrys10 I saw Rent on Broadway in 96 but Rapp was sick and there was an understudy 
New Dream Theater is the same old Dream Theater. I seriously doubt I'll buy any more of their albums. But I say that every time 
@iDamien; I know! I'm trying though  I'm floppin harder than Fantasia in school
have to go to change for dancing. I DOnt want to gohooooo 
Rehearsals  I'm currently wearing a kankan outfit ;) oooft
We are going to see Flamenco Dance &quot;Fire &amp; Sand&quot; Tatiana Garrido, 9:00 PM  Dar Al-Assad Opera House, Damascus, but I can't take my camera 
@rachellouise3 you're an embarrassment to Elphaba. And I do believe I'm beyond any level of sad known to mankind. And msn won't work 
ballet is perfetic , just did it at civc and it was disgraceful! 
@WesOxford I miss my theater 
sooooooooo sad, my dance talent teacher is leaving. 
@JudsonNotJustin thanks for @ replying me  yes we are watching it at that time. Auditorium 3
@photo2010  No live webcam at the Egyptian Theater   Dam I better take a nap I'm wiped out
@MilCruTeam I'm trying to get backstage. I can't find anywhere. 
 trying to find an acting audition (its hard!)
@backstreetboys I never got to see the panic dance!! 
@Cadistra definitely feeling sorry for the poor Midsummer celebrants who are being slaughtered on a regular basis 
@PromiseMeLove Just talking to you and listening to classical music. Bach Toccata and Fugue...dont know which one  Dogs snoring are fu ...
I wish I could go to the Circus show starring BritBrit. 
I updated to from Opera 10 beta to Opera 10.00b1 &amp; I lost all my wand pwds and bookmarks. Not bad 
off to headgirlsday rehearsals, I would rather like to go back to bed though 
@backstreetboys I miss watching the panic dance  
just read Othello and thinks it's such a sad play 
I just tried to dance to #hpthemusical. It hurt.  So now I'm stuck with dancing sitting down.
@rubadub1 what did I do to make Lyric mad?? 
i miss dance 
@sadekhm I can't  we've to go to the opera for her rehearsal 
I hate it when ppl call me Mame... its make me feel old 
these questions are way to hard  how am i meant to know how Shakespeare's audiences interprate the issues and themes of Macbeth different
Concert was amazing back to reality time for work 
Music Snitch is having some technical problems at the moment 
I was watching Pride and Prejudice, one of the  best movies ever, I love this movie! and the book too 
I'm off to Salsa Dancing lessons!!!  I love it!!!  
@urbanpinkpixie haha true. Drama is good every once in a while 
is learning to Tango with D 
Men Without Hats - Safety Dance is DaH best song ever created of all time *starts to dance*    &lt;3    
@direbonappetit yep  I blame my mate for taking me to see him in Hamlet last year. I wasn't to fussed before then!
Ahh... yesterday The Cinematic Orchestra concert proved they are really great band - I was on the edge of my seat for the whole time 
@chuckdarw1n Singing!! is that what you kids call it today....I'm my day it was good old screwing. 
@piawaugh *dance dance dance* Finally I can tell people. 
@edintfest shame about the Spiegeltent - look forward to its triumphant return next year as it really is an amazing venue 
Using Opera as main browser again, 10 alpha works great 
@tanchira weeeeeee courage &amp; hugs! Thanks lovely  MWAH! xoxo
@TomFelton its amazing! I saw it on Broadway with the original cast. 
@kissability I'm actually listening to Chopin in the dark right now 
I really love coda, you should love to 
@caseycharlton @serialseb Kind of the standard - we're still 'investigating' IBM Jazz Concerto 
has a Shakespeare test today. studied for about 10 minutes. 
Stomp the yard is on! Wooot colombus short is sooo freakin fine *squirt* 
@mollbin solid Rent quote! Theater people... we just know 
@Irish_vampire It feels nice to dance 
just finished a &quot;Dazzle&quot; from kayla  its a long story... lol. Not my personal choice of book.
just finished 3 hours of piano playing...fingers are starting to feel good again, not so much of a struggle.  Fantasie here I come again!!
@kenroyal glad to know you enjoyed it  I'll let the performers know as they'll be thrilled with your feedback 
Music for tomorrow is off the chain! Starting in 24 hours and 34 minutes 
I'm sat in the Apollo Victoria. Wicked number five. 
I'm baaaack home  it feels soo good Sleepoveer with Yentl
Listening to Met broadcast of Siegfried - in an hour will also have the Mets game on mute 
finish practising pipa 
Haha! Gem just bit V on the nose! Classical Gemini 
Audition went swimmingly  sounded very tight! Interviewers were very impressed  couldn't have gone better!
@Jacksr I'm try and remember ,she'll love going to see Grease  xx
@dopeydoo I even learned that dance! 
Still haven't made the ginger cookies.  Instead, I'll make a Hamlet necklace   Should be nourishing.
going to rehearsals! 
fish dance laterrr! 
off to the TSO! Beautiful day out, so I'm walking! 
at the theater! 
@peoplefight You should go dance! 
Just finished filming and now off to another audition. 
Going to the GLAAD Media Awards at the Nokia Theatre tonite! 
if you still want a Jonas Brothers at the Ryman Auditorium Soundtrack message me! 
Just got back from Wedding why did the flower girl do the WHOLE Single Ladies Dance when the song came on  LOL  nite nite 
Feels pretty good to get first place at districts for Camerata 
@esther17 Wicked cool!! I'll take the saet along side of you. 
@alysonstonerAS and u dance nicely too  wt kind of dance do u learn at first? do you teach dancing now?
Chatting... Writing... Playing Guitar and VIOLIN? i didn't know i could play Violin! well maybe, the VIOLIN sound is from the KEYBOARD! 
they are talking about suju &amp; their special stage 
@iantalbot They say that even cows give better milk with Mozart 
ok, definite Vocal overdose in the next hour...but it will certainly be beautiful  #asot400
@theDebbyRyan what style(s) are you trained in/did you do on your dance team? Dance = life.  &lt;3
is watching dance! 
http://twitpic.com/3l8yx - Met mutya bueno last nyt she was rly nice 
Piano guy at the Bistrotheque is fantastic! Plays pop songs 
What a lovely morning to go to the circus 
@srah_scottydog Us two for Macbeth, one Othello from @Thricewiser  Waiting to see if anyone else will vote ;)
CheeseRavioli+Zitty+Dirk+PaperAirplanes+SportsCoats+Sex+PushPlayGroupieWannabes+GirlShoes+MyspaceWhores+MakingFunOfBands+Music=GOODTIMES! 
Backstage for graces baptism. 
is at opry mills. 
@icechai No, but I'm determined to see it in the theater. I imagine the combined groaning of the audience will be hilarious. 
is spending her morning listening to the Phantom of the Opera and doing paperwork by hand, because the computers fail. 
I'm waiting for Eska Music Awards 
@krayfish I think Chaucer and Shakspeare would defo agree 
Just sent in my application for this years Proms season ticket  - must be my 7th or so. I'll get some decent photos later 
@riversideboy it's good a very good one to dance to 
Still, most websites render pretty fast using Opera Mini, which is good 
Brews and Live Music, your on! 
@LalaMusicislife Fiddler on the Roof is a great old show. 
kathleenas sim can juggle reall good but mine can break dance XD 
ang sayaaa  ang dami ko nang naDL na Piano Music Sheeeeeeets (dance) hahahha. Busy narin ako with MasterPian... http://plurk.com/p/p5410
Met my fave college buddies last evening and had dinner together.. was wonderful and refreshing 
@dopeydoo oh she is!?!? will have to wait for the group dance then. 
@Piano_Master aw. sorry. i actually hate the piano. it has murdered my self-esteem and robbed me of too much money.  good luck though 
@albeit I am also a composer and you can listen to everyone of my copyrighted compositions online (if you can figure out where...). 
going to school, salad for lunch! , and Piano and Piano theory tonight! 
@cityrat59 It is ok, depends on the play of course. But since my mom works at the Opera I get a heavily subidised ticket price 
@britneyspears  my favourite song of yours is &quot;Circus&quot; 
back to the hip-hop this afternoon, Faun bouncing around the flat... 
the PA system is playing the song i used for my wedding march! Vivaldi!  http://plurk.com/p/p71bz
@aplusk Have you read/ seen The Pillowman? the story of the little jesus girl is just about that...horrifying what we might do to jesus2 
Tallinn is a beautiful city! Some kind of graduation party here yesterday, a lot of students celebrating. Concert tonight 
@BlowJab you don't suck at dancing. i'm so happy that you're back 
And so the day begins...Audition at 10:15 then straight to work. We're getting the paint out today  mischief is probable...
GUILTY PLEASURE. Singing to regina on the drive home and blasting it so loud I can barely hear myself. 
holy shit!! @WilliamOrbit &amp; @FerryCorsten talking to each other on twitter. tis the 2nd coming of Adagio for Strings (Ferry Corsten Rmx) 
just been dancing around my bedroom, miming to the Hairspray soundtrack! 
@Dutchrudder haha I love it when he sits on the stage 
@ramblelite It's a musical. A 'genetic opera'. 
Theatre was much better than expected. Quite enjoyed it. Then again, I was going in with extremely low expectations 
Concert todayyyy! 
@dizzyfeet good witch bad witch? Glinda wasn't ugly 
@lyricart Yay Lyric! I know your book will be fabulous! 
Met a boy tonight!!!!  We shall see what happens!!! 
happy saturday everyone! craving for japanese  Ballet again, sigh.
Filmed a lil incomplete teaser trailer today, hopefully up tommorow 
poetic disaster strikes again. Impromptu is my favorite form of art 
is watching one of the best movies ever -- Grease  hehehe. I love it!
I'm watchingg Grease. I still haven't seen it all the way through. It's pretty funny. &quot;lalala beauty school dropout.&quot; 
http://twitpic.com/4dz2g - And one more picture for Days of Camelot. 
Playing: Chrono Symphonic 
Met the Veronicas....Sweetest chicks 
@iamDavidMarsh just do a dance. 
watching Grease. I love this movie 
@DionRoy If only! Touring is sadly not part of the agenda yet, although I hope it will be reasonably soon! 
@paulmason10538 YES, finally we have some sun here!  Great blip!    MWAH to my British homie!
Falling in love with Kings Of Leon. Amazing Music !! 
is watching Enchanted. 
i love the rehearsal with my choir 
Emily and I are going to the Temple Symphony Concert tonight 
@abigvictory I bet he's acting pretty Footloose about it too!  LOL 
@suesshirtshop fantastic-I am so truly happy for you!! I'd do a dance if it wasn't so early-I'll do it later! 
Theater today with friends! 
@till1025 jealous!!! tell the Gentlemen I said hellloooo!! 
Burlesque photo shoot in 3 hours. The make over process begins!  
Feeling sick and anxious about #3yp, but looking forward to seeing @AshaJ in Pure Dance 09 
Girls off to Symphony Space 4 a show. Boys are going 4 milk&amp;muffins @ campus (*bucks 4 daddy) 
great Concert yesterday. dont want to do something today. 
Going out on the St. Johns and then to go see the Philharmonic. 
is waiting for summer to come! Marching band  &lt;3
A great day today. Rehearsal went very well, really taking shape now. Followed by football in the park which we won. A certain score gk 
@missangelyss do that dance 
@greggarbo What is your favourite song to perform? 
http://twitpic.com/4fege - Clowns. At least they are far away from me. 
was voted Indiana University Ballet Theatre party girl! however i dropped the girls off at the party instead of going. real progress 
@taylorswift13 http://twitpic.com/4gnlp - aww I love these!!  so perfect for a shoe; just like Cinderella
just got home. Musical was bombbb.  !
is enjoying improv 
is learning the hoedown throwdown dance! 
LAST MINUTE NSD sale, save 50% at Studio Ziska! Because I missed yesterdays sales, you get today my Studio off 
Bamboozle! Playing @ 5:55 on the Zumiez Stage. See you there!!! 
@RubyRose1   U look freakin amazing!! Pity Gretel got you in the toilet shot 
@wings_butterfly  ....mal comune, mezzo gaudio.... 
@loolet you dancer! as they might say in glasvegas 
@_Cantus_  real nutter big time yeah 
Watching the SA Idols Finale. 
Gladwell: why Mozart is a late bloomer  #aam09
Just home from performance of Verdi's Requiem, more on blog later! Was excellent  - http://bkite.com/076Bj
Walked 5km today... Dance practice tonight!!! 
will buy that black cocktail dress from Tango sooon!  http://plurk.com/p/rl8wm
@redvers lush indeed! And stealing carol's tintinet 
is in like with someone; who has scruff, enjoys Aladdin, and puts his arm around me when we walk his dog around the block. 
lazzzy sunday, just got home from mass  coffee prince marathon? or Rodgers &amp; Hammerstein musicals marathon?
@zoesquaredchan ; the transition was only made because of twitter  opera was good while it lasted.
@Djalfy Words can't express the fun the larfter and the excellent Music we enjoyed tonight 
Thought Fiddler on the Roof was amazing 
Headed to rehearsal 
Watching a belly dancer be seductive  she must be a fireball in bed!
http://twitpic.com/4iu3p - illegal pic of the Shrek The Musical stage haha  good times
i got silver in my dance competition  
Stomp the yard! Stomp the yard! 
@danniezeitgeist thanks! Its the last Concert of freshman year, and this is the 1st time since 5th grade that someone has come in support 
is homeworking herself to sleep tonight.. joining her will the sweet sounds of Mozart, Beethoven, Bach, Tchaikovsky, &amp; Eminem!! Hahaha 
 Currently getting dressed for ballet. Yes I am sitting here in a leotard, so what? Hahaa, I'm freezing...
Ahhh...I love Beethoven's &quot;Moonlight Sonata&quot;.  A perfect addition to my slideshow on the Mexican Drug War 
off shopping in southhampton with my mummers 
If you keep up with the 140 character limitation, you will soon be writing more like Shakespeare, than a garrulous fourth-grade scribe. 
when can i ever do a barre chord??? 
come on, leave Gretel alone now  I liked her doing the #Logies
has her laptop, her spasy phone, her cat, her music on and her mother making her breakfast! Lovage for you is that! 
Hugh Masekela pix online + Contern - T71 pix + review @ http://clada.lu -&gt; coming up next Naturally7 Concert this evening 
@BlokesLib sweet dreams to you too babe  MWAH
excited to jam + and auditions 
 Just back from dancing. Ahh ballet was SO hard, my legs ache. And we were so high in jazz and contemporary, 3 hours of hilariousness. 
@_Cantus_  all i hear is coffee brewing at my end 
Soon we are going to look at a cabaret, it's going to be fun! 
http://twitpic.com/4jdtx - Springtime is nice 
I just arrived in the office.. I am preparing myself for a very busy day, listening Debussy.... those songs always makes me feel better 
i hope unni will make the audition . fighting dahye unni ! 
following @lalights keep me updated for the latest dance scene event 
Saw Fiddler with Topol! The girls LOOOOVED it!  Next month... Annie! 7th row! *can't wait* Trip 2 the music store for Fiddler sheet music.
@TheFifthSister So happy you came and said hi! Twas very nice to meet you indeed  Thanks so much for coming over and talking to me 
525,600 recycled tiles...but will they be able to pay this year's rent?   Broadway gets a &quot;green&quot; theater.   http://bitly.com/3LoHVl
Ive chosen Grease 
@psuedonym Alternatively you could spend the afternoon reading &quot;Pride and Prejudice and Zombies&quot;   
Trance or Drum'n'Bass are awesome for working!!  *dances it out*
Almost dun choreographing the dance 
@amor8 tell me what you think of Pride Prejudice and Zombies . . . if you're not all hyped up on sugar 
Watching the Pianist with my dad great movie. 
@DavidArchie @Hatz94Music i just want to wish your mom a happy mothers day! 
watching &quot;Steel Magnolias&quot; then going to bed. I have to babysit at one tomorrow. then give mommy her gift!  night, &lt;3 peace.love.jonas
Watching &quot;Hairspray&quot; 
I have the immense pleasure of being entertained by Pride &amp; Prejudice for the 3rd time and I must say that I find it very much agreeable 
@rgambarini Instrumentalists like to give singers a hard time. But the vocalist's job is the toughest when he/she is sick. 
Also I was conviced to do a happy dance and then told it was the most adorable happy dance ever 
#SanctuarySunday @nirroca yay for #Sanctuary, I may watch Requiem after breakfast! 
I took a picture of me looking at my bottle of antibacterial. Wicked 
Listening to Mendelssohn - Italian Symphony.  Lovely. 
mozart's requiem! 
is haPPy!! there's HAIRSPRAY on TV again!  i loove that movie!  i but i watch it just..um.. 1 394 849 times!! XD &lt;3
@Shadez  aww LOL..must be so much fun to watch her sing n dance like that  
enjoyed watching HAIRSPRAY over dinner. t'was entertaining  &quot;go for it! you have to think big to be big&quot; (~,^)
@Another_Puppet hope you have a good week 
watching &quot;The Sound of Music&quot; and relaxing with my puppy in my arms 
@bthompson13 I love when people quote Shakespeare and have no idea about the context - &quot;to be or not to be&quot; is a perfect example. 
Checking out Auditions online!!  
Ladies and Gentlemen @sweet_charlotte and I have arrived   ? http://blip.fm/~60p98
Sound of Music 
Wicked it the best show ever 
Auditions for solo act for last concert wed after school. Auditioning w/ song i sang that one morning. 'something' - ETF. 
Going to see if I can stay up and watch Pi &amp; Requiem for a Dream. 
Met pretty much jessica's entire family. They're too cool. 
@RisaAnne  i love u &quot;Angel of Music
http://twitpic.com/50uxm - dress for sale, never worn, Pageant material 
Impromptu party at my place. It's been a while. 
Grease is on!  
is so glad the Theatre play is over. It went well, though. 
@DiaZerva I don't think they usually teach undergrads about Sappho... at least not during classroom hours 
The Benefit Concert is going to be amazing!! I hope a lot of people attend it  http://twitgoo.com/37nl
@themeagan That is just awesome!  Singing loudly and drinking out of the milk carton is pretty nice too.  
I have another 1.5hrs of sleeptime left, but Pops is keeping me up sawing logs in the other bed. He needs to cool it  I's tired, yo!
dance rehersal 
@allmarkedup hehe yeah it was actually   She's been uploading all the content like mad! Wicked nice girl.
Off to rehearsals. 
Chinese food at lunch, gotta love #Opera. 
so excited for: 21st Century breakdown, BMTH Concert &amp; the opening of the vps time capsule!!! 
Concert day! Last one of the year 
@markheine I'm DEFINITELY running away with the circus - you might as well come with me 
Escuchando el ulitmo directo de Dreatm Theater . ahora sonando Constant Motion 
ooo Dance Gavin Dance just popped up on the stereo... A welcome surprise 
i think i just had the best dinner of my life! &amp; tonight I had an accordian player play me a medly of songs from Phantom of the Opera 
The dance was sooo much fun 
listening to the phantom of the opera soundtrack. now that i have seen it, i am quite obsessed. 
So happy I got to see @mshillywood and my loves tonight!  Kiss Concert tomorrow, woot! 
@JMMARob and I love everything Chopin wrote, that's more than a century older than me.  I just happen to have goodmusicloving influencers!
@AClockworkToad I am watching Grease on dvr, but will try to find something we can watch together.  
Bailando con alex! Y gozando!  Dancing with alex and having a great time!
@ciaranokeeffe dreamy  sonata...not weather or domesticity.
@nicolenckjns no offense to your mom or anything, but she's wrong. You've succeed in so much already. Ex: Seussical 
prom was better than expected.  but i wish i was able to talk and dance with him more.:x :/
@ashlarr LOL ohhh I hate to even tweet it but I'll say this I was just looking at the &quot;Footloose&quot; soundtrack 
@Kimioko they were literally going off right outside my window. they were for Ring Dance here at the academy 
@jldlin waitaminwaitamin. YOU know the dance! 
Met 2 people I haven't seen for about 16 years last night, had an interesting chat, Lots of catching up to do! 
@Juilliard goodluck in chemistry 
im going to fantasy island today with Jazz Band it should b fun  i need to get ready now.
is not regretting going to her daughter's dance recital instead of a writing conference. 
@electra126 perfect  Mimes are funny, they make no noise and they do the &quot;help I'm trapped in a box&quot; thingy :p
Concert today!  can't wait!
YEEH!! I owned that stage  
!!!!! I just saw the FUSE commercial for DMB playing at Beacon Theatre!!  made me super excited!
is at home and ready for my dance recital 
@alansnider ok, fair enough. i agree with you there although musicals are amazing  xxxx
WICCA recital.  let's text.
Going to see the Soloist tonight...hopefully it is good! camping next weekend! ahhh! first time this year. i can't wait 
@Kiminrainbows hahahahaha, no no no! what about Hedwig/nagini  (aww, poor Hedwig!)
@wildstarrz: I'm sure it will look pinche epico for cabaret! 
The dance off was a success. I won. 
@melly16 lmao lmao. i am kind of getting to the same stage haha !!!!!!!!!!! 
@lalaliiindsey YAY ! I'm forgiven  *dances*
@MrHudson Didn't realise you were a fan! I'm off to see him a week on Friday  Saw @ Barbican too with the LSO; spell-binding it was.
@DitaVonTeese loved your eurovision performance! 
is playing FTC's Stage One (Fairfield Theater) TONIGHT @ 8pm w/the Tim Blane Band. I would love to see all your lovely faces tonight 
At Kiss Concert. 
@behaviorgeek I haven't heard most of the comedians but @TiernanDouieb and @watsoncomedian are both very funny 
Mostly Mozart choir concert!!! Wooooo! 
@nmieclki I can tweet u now....yay me *happy dance*  x
lying on the sofa with my adorable greyhound Tango 
I ended up spending the day in Santa Barabra with the girls on the beach. Met some hot guys and invited them home to the central coast. 
@broadwayallday Broadway!!!! 
@setla how did they sound? VOENA is indeed outstanding 
Met an LPGA caddy at dollar rent a car. He was wearing oakleys. 
Rode bikes to downtown ice cream parlor...now watching Hamlet at Redlands Bowl. 
Today - it's all about the Mediaeval Baebes! 
@irishjenny66 not really but i do love Beethoven 
Feeling crap, off school. ): But I thought I'd pick up my bass and give it a go. Trying to learn FOB's Dance, Dance. 
@hoskingonzb get a few of the 'lefties' in the studio for practise mats for Stomp! 
@blitzmegaplex when will terminator salvation be showing in your theater? 
Together or not,.our dance won't stop 
esp for @ExMi look what i found on Muti http://bit.ly/d16sB  
Yey I failed!  Music exam was shit. Gotte do sports in an hour. I love this strawberry chocolate! Pitiless honesty is bad isn't it?
@burajiru: I love &quot;Dancing Queen&quot; (ABBA) too!  ? http://blip.fm/~6isrh
@i3g Remind me where that is....? Sounds familiar alright  And he was in Lyric up until a couple of years ago...
@softfun It looks liek the problem on your HTC TD is an issue with Opera interpreting data from us, it's been raised as a fault today 
@darien21 Shameless Opera promotion. Woo hoo! 
Concert of the year! Lala. 
@Illyria13 no idea why i didn't get your tweet, but i found you now!  woot!
@Kalofagas they won the 1997 Sanremo Music Festival - another tacky Euro music show that i also like 
Up and having coffee as we reboot for the day. Storyville coffee is soooooo good and always wakes me up 
scrubs my musicals on 
Tuesdays with Morrie 
@AnoopDoggDesai the rumour is everywhere now. I hope that doesn't distract you. And I LOVEEEE your dance moves 
@ubfid That could work... maybe if they weren't musicals... 
hilarious...leaving da movies..saw Dance Crew wit &quot;him&quot; 
@tommcfly thats because he hasnt been going to tour rehearsals an all that haha, at least you still get to go  x
&quot;Duet&quot; should do a mix tape 
@Ithildyn and that's why I was musing about cat dancing 
Reading a bedtime stor, can't got to sleep.. I'm reading Wicked. 
Just a short intermezzo 
@timmy64 The fandango? 
Gogol bordello was awesome. really nice night 
@MarkDPlunkett are the rehersals causing chaos?? 
Playing around with Opera 10  www.opera.com/next
had a  wonderful concert evening listening the great Santa Barbara Chamber orchestra at the new Broad Stage Concert Hall in Santa Monica 
@Adrockski yea I remember!! Wicked old skool,will have to DL your podcast as well 
@conradcreeley http://bit.ly/tN677  Pippin on the right got his hair cut today 
Met ryland just now, so happy 
has just got home from the most admazing Musical Ive every been it  and is such in a good mood at the moment 
Is listening to Pavarotti songs 
Looking forward to the Theatre tonight 
is going shopping for heels to match my piano recital dress. 
watching Grease 
is about to get busy writing content for the new Confidance Musical Theatre School Website 
Pondering theater... 
@chorale going well here hope yours is good too 
Met a school friend of mine after 13 yrs  It was lovely &amp; he looked great ;)
lia's bday dinner tonight! super stoked  Improv comedey last night was amazing
In chorus with @roryfig 
Dancin' in the moonlight  &lt;3
@wyelin hey there! but how do you actually watch the performances online? 
Cinderella songs stuck in my head. 
@SpringWestEnd I'm going again tonight and sitting on stage! I'm SO excited 
even I'm kinda wiped out, took Romeo to three different parks/pond today  think I'll go see 'The Soloist' now
Fine Arts Fest, whipped cream, and toasting Shakespeare - my day ended well. 
writing poetry and listening to dance gavin dance 
watching Pride and Prejudice while finishing up with rearranging my room 
Jammin to RENT on the way to austin with some awesome people. 
is really digging The Horrors right now 
@tracecyrus I LOVE METROSTATION.i have dance steps to shake it :&quot;&gt; 
BPHS Orchestra spring concert tomorrow night!  7:00 pm @ the PAC! Freefreefree! B there or B square! As Reuben says, &quot;It's instupituous!&quot;
@thewinepoint The Dance? I can warm up with some Hammer Dance 
Met charlie tonight and has a case of puppy love 
I love Romeo and Juliet!! haha! good morning! 
the dance was amazingg.  i danced with everyonee. 
@cindyhugg ...or learn to tap dance 
3. There is a skateboard gang called the road warriors and i look like a member. 4. Skating in the street is legal 
Watching &quot;Another Cinderella Story&quot;  such a cool movie. probably one of my favorite movies&lt;3
So tired, but still editing. Grease 2 is on in the background 
loved wicked,and got Elphaba's signatureee 
on aim....IM me s/n=lydiaromance yaaa watching Another Cinderella Story 
I made the choir 
@lolaadesioye I'm with you.  The original Grease is tops! 
sang Cabaret  been wanting to for a while! yay! I looove this new karaoke place!!!
Music Concert-aka POP's Concert went pretty well  Go Orchestra!
@DarkPiano finally got the opportunity to listen to Stage 4-how beautiful! What a heartfelt piece and a beautiful message 
Concert preformance tomorrow! Hell yes, it will be awesome. We're playing Bach, Strauss, Pirates of the Caribbean, Phantom, and Coldplay! 
and &quot;I am Singing in the rain&quot; also 
listening to Beethoven relaxing, why do i love classical music soo much 
@therealTiffany Singing or acting? 
Met a hot French guy. 
Grease 2 
last working day of the week ! Musical weekend 
@Fishoutofsea It's because twins are awesome. And musicals = win. 
Morning twitter about to get in the shower! Drama rehearsal again at 10 but we have the weekend off them so i can actually have a lie in 
Going to watch Wicked again in a bit. 
Angel of Music, you deceived me... 
just got home. Wicked was a blast. spent way too much money on a sweatshirt. but totally love ittt 
'Now its a sunny day, but the cliches fall like rain...' morning to the bright side Leeds Music Scene!!  can't wait to play all day xxx
is excited for Choir tonight!!! 
