Most common words for this cluster:
[('dang', 330), ('lol', 21), ('day', 19), ('i', 19), ('today', 18), ('time', 13), ('school', 12), ('work', 11), ('na', 11), ('phone', 9), ('night', 9), ('http', 8)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Dang', 0.9954818487167358), (u'Truong', 0.6388605237007141), (u'Phu', 0.6325350999832153), (u'Nguyen_Anh', 0.6299459934234619), (u'Vuong', 0.6287521123886108), (u'Huynh_Ngoc', 0.6282362341880798), (u'Ha', 0.6230553984642029), (u'Nguyen', 0.6170923709869385), (u'Vieng', 0.6164608001708984), (u'Nhi', 0.6141179203987122)]





@SaveTheStrib Dang! I would have done this if I knew it was there earlier.  Any other outings planned?
I wish my cold or watever I have goes away SOON! Dang allergies. I wish I was in bed right now 
Dang! Temperature over 101...i feel like crap too 
@AEphotoWPG hee hee!  Yes, I shall try to keep it together. Dang, I wonder what is going on with The Killers. They are lates 
eww. I skanky this morn. Dang that yucky 9 hour old pizza I ate lastnight before passing out.  I feel awful 
Dang, I hate when I fall asleep watching tv around 7 and sleep for too long and now it is 1:30 and wide awake! 
@pixelmehawaii Dang, if Ward was still open I might have had a chance at the free ice cream! Windward is far, far away.  Menchies?
@PayamFr Dang, I hate that error.  That usually happens when information on the phone is corrupted.  You may have to restore 
Dang I have a headache. I need some rest. Not feeling so good right now. Where is my @SevvySev??   [bArBiie]
my mom tricked me. :| she said we were going to the mall but instead we went to go to the grocery store! :| Dang. i really wanted to go. 
Dang, I've got a photo itch and can't get a hold of the rescue 
Dang! Missed out on a great evening mt bike ride 
@MandyyJirouxx Dang it! I came too late 
@5by5forever Dang it im jealous! I want to see that 
@AubreyODay Dang forum has been down for days 
Dang it. Only gonna get 5 hours of sleep. 
Really wishing i was asleep right now! Ugh, Dang my body for rebeling! 
Thinking of my baby's momma, momma.......NOT!!!    Dang it! Forgot my earphones at home.. No music today.  
Dang it! 'Remember the Titans' is on, and this sleep medicine is for real starting to kick in. 
Dang it going to my moms creepy we speak in tongues church today for mothers day wish me luck 
Dang. A snuggie commercial was just on and now i want one. 
Dang it! I have the hiccups and can't sleep. 
Dang. I'm such a worry wart. 
Erotic services is going to be removed from craigslist. Dang, tough day. 
Dang my sleep is all fukn up.. me lik an idiot put weight on my foot shit hurts 
Geez! Dang it! I missed the radio show  I'm so sad! @davidarchie
ive came to the conclusion that I quit @ttgreen. Dang ima miss my boo mall!  lol!
@Jopoates Dang it .. who me me bebe!!!  I'm obviously peeking in at the wrong time 
Dang...little Rylan has a fever   No creating today...gotta care for my baby.
@GullyDaMonsta Dang  &amp; it usually is in the first conversation. smh hot mess.
@nicolelilyquinn Then you'll be glad to know one of the first things I thought this morning was 'I miss nicole'. Dang time differance.... 
Dang! I'm out of blank DVDs.  ...Must get more.
Dang, spoke to soon. TV just shut off! 
Dang... I'm down again...  I REALLY need Placebo now...
Dang it's raining. 
@_Anaya_ Dang, I bought 100. 
Dang it's 5am.. I woke up at 4am and can't go back to sleep 
is wishing she was at @MTUB. Dang... all the cool kids are doin' it. I wanna do it too. 
Dang. I won't be able to go to the gym today if I can't drive my car - for shame! Sadly, I can still go for a run 
priorities r on deck!!! But she's so lame bc she has absolutely NOTHING planned 4 da holiday  Dang!
Dang, 2 days and the Dunny endangered series already sold out 
Dang it now both my girls are gimpy and only walking on three legs.  To the vet tomorrow i go. The boss lady aint gonna like it.  
@allcheckeredout really?!?!? Dang  Like he'll ever follow me  haha hmm I really need to contact home somehow ...
so today was a bittersweet day, last day of high school  and got to spend it with my girls, love them so much. Dang I am graduating!
Dang i hate just sitting around thinking... I miss my dad... Alot. Wow. 
Hanging out with sam, billy, and veronica. not going to school tomorrow to take sam to body shops. Dang car accidents 
Dang it! I REALLY look like crap!! Sigh only had 35mins to shower and 10mins to get ready 
I tried to dye my hair and all i got was a blond chunk in the front middle part of my hair. Dang. 
Dang you internet. . . Its been down all night. . . 
Dang I just realized how bad my eyes have gotten 
@ohitsbigron Dang... that IS disappointing 
Dang i didnt even remember it was my bday today 
@PGATOUR Dang I should have stuck with him in my fantasty picks 
@laurengotgiftz o_O thats cool. Dang, iHave to clean my room now  lol, but good luck w/those jobs gurl
Dang it! It seems that every time I blip a song, it's unavailable. 
Dang  I left my Rolando's dinner leftovers at home! I knew I should have put them in the shop fridge last night before we left downtown!
My day on the computer is about to end. Dang. I hate not being allowed on the computer. 
Dang I just dropped some of my subway on da floor... Ahh the 5sec rule passed already 
I have the weirdest hives all over my legs and arms. What the heck am I allergic to? It itches SO bad! Dang it! 
@jcubed1 Dang! Of course, I'm just jealous 'cuz I didn't think of it first 
@aub311 Dang me too! It's only a 4 hour drive! Too bad it's my daughters 1st bday party  it's hosted by Donnie
Dang.. my phone was dead. and now im not getting any of my texts 
Dang what's up with the weather??? its been stormin all day! I didn't come home for this 
@MakeOvaDiva Dang, I just saw this!!!!!  I miss you too boo! Yeah, we need to get together soon!
Dang so I guess Kobe made it to the Finals afterall 
Dang! I dislike being Lactose... I was doing good with by ChocoMilk  now I'm paying fir it 
Dang, the guy was sentenced to manslaughter and only got five yrs for killing his wife  boooo
Stomach hurts.... Dang it! 
@maxcelcat Dang - gotta hate that 
@PoloBandit lol, iKno. Cleaning is icky  But it needs to be done. Dang iWish iHad a maid service
Dang. I just realized I spent all that time at @cossiebaby's place and didn't take any pics of the babies. 
At the tournament. I miss officiating. Dang knee 
Dang it, the cards lost to the giants last night.  oh well get 'em tonight!
Dang, you can't delete pics there? Sheesh, I notice that anyone can embed pic elsewhere!  @jane_l trying to figure out how to delete pic.
Dang...I got sunburnt already today 
Ouch! I have little long cuts all over my legs! They sting! Dang grass bush 
Dang it, Ron crashed. 
Dang Lebron is Out 
@PetiteLove Dang boo! well it's my last weekend at home, so I'm trying to enjoy it with my guys! 
@trevorstaples http://twitpic.com/69m6b - Dang it ! I forgot all about the open house until I saw this pic  Was it packed? krazy ?
@zoeneo Oh really? Dang I really want the paper. 
@DaRealJimBeanz Dang LOL.  &amp; ok I'm on a mission now but i'll hit u guys in a little bit &amp; most likely come thru.
Dang it, my internet keeps going wrong, it's running very slow today 
@AmazingPhil Dang that sucks 
@eeen Dang Apple! I don't understand why they can't do that automatically! It make perfect sense that the release date should be ... 
Dang..I just had to turn down an invite to play in a drunk softball league game today..I have to go to work instead 
Dang. I didn't actually fall asleep 'til four a.m. and then just woke up at eleven. I slept through my ride to church 
Hey @x17online Dang it I wish I was there.   (X17Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/39qb)
Dang my whole body is sore from swimming I need a massage 
I missed Stickam tonight, sorry, but I was at work. lol. Dang 
Dang... thought of a great tweet while brushing my teeth... forgotten now. 
@Kyranistos unfortunately, no.  but I wish! Dang it!!!! I really have no control over the dates...otherwise I would be there next week!
I'm at work.  There's152 emails in my inbox! I turned my head real quick and looked back at the screen. Dang! They're still there. 
Dang I have mondays 
Dang yall... I gotta test n Math 2day &amp; I didn't even kno  ...dang I didn't study or nothin
@justinkendall  Oh my bad...I'm only on Level 5!  Dang!  
It was 4 lanes for about 2 miles.  Now I'm stopped sta work zone. Dang 
Senior pictures today already! Dang i feel old.... 
Dang that crazy how besides one person I don't talk to anyone from highschool anymore. Can't believe how much we've grown apart! 
Dang, its still a girl...  &lt;WYD?&gt;
Dang it!  The power went out at work and I was ready to go home...then it came back on 
Dang its texxxass heat out there. N no more Passion Pit tix 
GAGH, Stupid hw. Dang, idk how to make a newspaper. and idk how to make a goooodd poster 
Dang, stray cats are getting more than me! 
Dang, iJust realized iHaven't talked to my &quot;brother in law&quot; Jon all day, iKinda miss him 
@crowderband  I clicked on my donload link from my iPhone and now it won't let me download the song... Dang me.
No sports activities for a week. Dang 
Dang! Selena gomez got a piece of thattttt! I'm sooo jealous  taylor &lt;|3 lol
@JennaDK Oh, yeah I did.  Dang.  I wonder when that bug will get fixed 
Dang...no sushi is open anymore 
Dang youtube 
@chreimp Dang..a bruise...how sad..well my back still looks like a lobster...it hurts 
Dang i missed it! 
After security scare, we're now forced to sit in locked office  not doing much for legit visitation or air circulation. Dang thievery!
Dang.. it's my turn to wash the dishes! 
@sadcox Dang. I just gave the last pancake to the dog. 
Dang!  @specialblend2: This is not gonna be a good week...i can already tell
@GSAMZBROWNSUGA Dang thats crazy 
Not getting Sims 3 today. Dang 
@SteveSerrano Dang it...too late cause nobody is answering  haha next time I will win!! ;)
@SoGooey realz?! Dang I guess I missed out  I'm gonna have to go watch it again haha
@HilzFuld Dang, I didn't think about that... blech, I can't even b moody on twitter 
@DavidArchie ohmygosh that is SO COOL your sis plays softball. I play it with my dad. Dang school doesn't offer it for me 
@kiieeeee No! That's usually what u do: class, gym, eat, nap, then whateva. Am I wrong? Ur so sensitive this morning. Dang Ma!  
Dang--I just checked my sent DMs...and a lot of the messages I wrote yesterday never went through... 
Dang, school  but wait its friday woo woooooo weekend to lie in. N trust me I will. Have a lovely day all. http://myloc.me/2EEl
@suesues Dang, that seems so far away....   Wish it was an earlier appt.
Dang I have no money to buy me lunch 
@designten Dang you! 
Why why why do I go on a trip with with his family!  Dang, dang, dang. In key west. 715 and we are at the hotel. 
Dang all I got is a t shirt and jeans  and a pair of blue keds. This is gonna be fun!
just realized he left his jacket at the dance. Dang! I love that jacket. 
@TyTyger Dang, you don't have to put me on blast. 
Dang! My ulcers r bothering me  can't sleep and i gota wake up early for work..
Dang, forgot it was saturday. No new QC 
I'm scared of going to school  I might get the virus ( Dang it.. I MUST get the vaccine soon.
Dang @DorionBET is the only one who missed me tonight.  love u !!!!! But hope u guys had fun. Def still awake. But why? I'm exhausted. :-/
I got 400 points from biting all those people!...Dang it.I'm out of energy 
@queenkv Dang! I thought I saw a tweet from you that you were going to #zootweetup  Not sure if I'm going to make the 6/26 one.
It's official, I will never use bluehost. Dang.   http://tr.im/nDx9
Dang it, I have exceeded my API calls limit 
The onlu thing I hate about sirius SR is the buffering it does when its trying to find a signal. Dang thing keeps cuttin off my jams 
@LatimaNicole Dang, I don't think DISH network has that channel. Either that or my package does not include it. 
@VivianFierce Thanks for inviting me! Dang! 
@SongzYuuup Dang, I found out about the festival too late 
@paula721 paula721@Momisbuff I saw that!! LOL  Dang, I didn't see that   LOL
Dang, this Wendy's commercial fools me every time. I thought the ice cream truck was outside again. 
Dang, I need to charge my ipod. =/ dangggeeeddo. 
Dang..bobo magazine special harpot edition not delivered yet..date release is 3 june but till now,im not found at all magz store 
@jordanknight Dang we were playing and I was up all night taking care of a sick baby and missed it! 
Dang its hot out here. This is why I don't year make up 
Dang it, missed @NoelClarke's 30 questions answered, I've been on the computer all this time but just missed it 
can u say syncope.. Dang it anyway, don't know why that happened 
Dang throat hurts.  I'm ready to get out of browntown and start a new chapter of my life!!
Dang. my mom sold me out to go eat so she could go to the gym  lol its all good, bout to go grub wit my patna @dabenchwarmaz - Kornbread
@greggarbo Dang...traffic school's the worst! It sucks your soul out for the better part of a day when you could be playing music. 
a long weekend of friends and celebrations!  It's good to be home sitting around on the couch at last! Dang it... I need to go get gas.   
Its over going to finish my ice cream and call it a night Dang!!! 
Dang! I just set my alarm for 4:45 in the morning. 
@kariluv Dang I have finals too!!    you'll be okay.
@squarespace Dang another One goes ... 
Long nice bath now I feel great! Dang I haven't had dinner yet  LOL WiNgStop!
Dang! The microwave's door is still stuck! i thought due to air/vacuum it has got stuck.. 
@cynatvolcano Dang it, im the only one w/o hbo... 
Dang, I really must sleep soon 
@PoshAngullia WHAT?! He lost?! Dang. I thought it was gonna be an easy win for him. 
Ah, well... it was good while it lasted... it appears that @southwestair is, in fact, blocking Skype like the others.  Dang 
My mom needs to stop telling me to stop stressing...it's stressing me out more! Dang OCD 
I see it being another long day today...Dang I wanna go bac 2 sleep 
Goodmorning tweeters!!! Dang, it's cloudy again...  hope it gets sunnier
Dang! I need a public school job so I can get the summer off sooooooooo jealous 
Dang it all epic fail 
@slePP Dang... good to know 
Dang ubertwitter is pooping out on me!  at least I'll keep my fingers crossed for that ipod cert! #squarespace
Dang washing machine stoped working today! 
Dang! I didn't win again!  #squarespace
@Moeneeke  Dang it!!! I will miss you &amp; tweet it all!
Twitterrific updates gone again!  Dang guys, hard week.  good luck Just built first 555 ic board blinking @ 1.38 htz!!! Sweet!!
Dang I miss my boo!! Its only been like 30mins 
Dang OTH re-runs makin me sad 
@TheMotoworld Dang...I didn't know our friendship was so fragile...also, bike is a probably no go... 
Dang oinkers. Night.(: missin matthew. 
@troykids Dang!  The station is full!    I'll have to keep trying...
@idflyfan55 Dang!well u do sort of need it 4 convention. I mean I need to c what yur doing while yur gone. lol  I am going 2 miss u! 
Dang my mom threw my monologue in the trash 
Dang. The lyrics in the fray's how to save a life are eerily perfect. 
Dang. I miss the canteen at Bedok NPC. 
Dang! @garazi just saw 4 coyotes cross our street while putting out the trash. I missed 'em! 
Dang sunburn, making the top of my nose bleed 
Dang i hate that my phone does not have the character counter...i keep going over! Lol 
Dang still shopping but no luck so far 
Dang, can't get Nimbuzz on my N97 to install. Starts and then Update error 
Dang it this computer is too slow. 
Dang the lakers won. Sad but congrats to them. 
Dang it poured so hard and i had to walk in the rain, now im all wet 
@shaindlin Dang it, Andy.  I don't have prior mascot experience.  
Guess we want go running tonight. Dang severe thunderstorms! 
@DezignArt Dang, that was taken down fast.  
Dang it my stupid shower too long  lol  (#WeirdAl live &gt; http://ustre.am/3nDH)
@emilyschiraldi Dang if only I were in nashville right now! I went home for the summer so I'm stuck in chicago with my anti booze parents 
@djSouthanbred Dang whoever this girl is...she has you .38 hot!! I keep seein' you talkin' about that money 
Dang, I need to check my Flickr activity thing more often... 
@TheeArmada I can't  aww noooo! I gotta go somewhere that day. Dang!
my two months worth of things to do just reached two years. Dang it!  And i'm a lazy rotten baby.. 
Dang they came out blurry  I'm still gonna post them! Lol
@walelia of course I did! Dang it though! They lost!  I got a good photo though! Haha! http://twitpic.com/7lqpm
Dang well that sux and nah i was jk about misssing u .........haha jk. I wish u woulda come with me 
Dang its crazy cause every since I started my new job I haven't tweeted much  I'll stay in touch today though even if I get fired haha
Dang: are there not anymore sexy white dresses n the world??? 
Dang level 5: no absences allowed....I can't parade man 
@Shaunielove I thought u got ur update last night. Dang, sorry Ma! U &amp; Apple might have 2 duke it out! 
@Jonasbrothers ohmy! Thats amazing, idt i have time to come from conroe to dallas in less than an hour. Dang it 
I do not want to go to the orthodontist  I want to instead eat lotsa carmel and sweets. Dang
@Voldymort ooc: Dang it, and I missed you today! 
Dang! I just heard the starting theme song to Corner Gas in the other room! Sounds like @hredford is watching without me! 
Dang, all my friends leave for new york tonight 
Dang! Started my bike ride-good momentum, then my bike broke!  
@ChaoticBarb @chaotic_barb Dang - I was tweeting to the wrong account! 
Trying to fix the carpet so we dont get charged for it !! Dang dog 
@girlrokkstarr Dang... I know you blown/... 
5th! Dang. There better be another NameCheap contest this summer. I didn't win any this time around. 
@Jonasbrothers - Dang, work always gets in the way of these last minute surprises. My 10-yr old daughter was totally bummed! 
As much as I love Newegg, I have to take this monitor back. Dang dead pixel!  also #squarespace
It's gone!! that blog is gone!!!Dang i was looking forward for more post!! 
Wishing I could stream @glennbeck from work  Dang Firewalls!
@kristencrain Dang! Yeah, I have had it before, but this time it was caught at earlier. I have to go to work and on vacation like this 
Just finish the final! Dang, now I gotta go to work!  But all da way live tonight at Element!
Dang, something wrong with that last video, need to recode it 
Would have been 7 months. Dang.. 
Dang, I peed so hard on the urinal that spatted back at me and got a little on my pants 
Dang it!  Missed opportunity, someone already bought the tile 
Dang late 4 workout ......jd is gonna kill m3 
@paxsarah @bryan_koval Dang, I can't get away with anything. 
My hip hurts.  Dang gym.  
Dang, waiting in line really stinks. Been here for more than an hour. 
@woth2982 http://twitpic.com/7r3zi - Dang, Chris ... why the scowl? 
Dang- @LennyKravitz rocks. I had one chance to see him with my wife 10 years ago and the show was cancelled cuz he was sick...had 2nd row 
Dang, my mom is pissed. 
My dad found my phone under a car seat. Dang I think that really messed him up with me thinking someone stole it. Oopsies 
Girls lost the game tonight - in an ugly way. Dang! 
My head hurts so bad right now. Dang allergies 
Dang my sandale broke  and i've had it since like 5 grade
Dang as soon as I get home my dad lays a shit load of chores on me for tomorrow 
Dang it! I hate it when I use the wrong their/they're/there and don't notice it until after I've tweeted it! 
Dang 3.0 update made me lose my jailbreakeness! 
Dang, it's raining heavily so the run at the Hill is cancelled.. 
Dang! I think I should go and get rady for school.  I have to go extra early coz of the dang traffic plus the heavy rain. &gt;.&lt;
Dang! I think I should go and get ready for school.  I have to go extra early coz of the dang traffic plus the heavy rain. &gt;.&lt;
ughhhh can't sleep  and how did I manage to mess up twitter from my cell so fast so I can't update from my phone!  Dang
@emjay0121 Dang that would be so fun! If I wasn't going to MO next month I'd totally think about it!! 
two days absent cause of allergy! Dang.......i missed the first day of CAT 
Dang, I just wasted my 700th tweet on telling you about a trip to Sams.  I need to pay more attention. LOL
Dang. Ga Theatre burning down.    
Going to school tomorrow  Dang..school on a saturday..just dang. Haha. Well, Upcat review 
Dang todays the last day of school 
@jstareadingfool Dang it.  Misery loves company and I have none!  Doing that brings up nothing new. 
Dang i didnt find what i needed!  Oh well! Till next yr.
Dang, bike tires are flat, the bike pump is busted. Guess that means a trip to ugh, walmart, to buy a bike pump 
Dang, not allowed to upgrade, so it looks like a new number for my iPhone 3G s. 
@aion_ayase #aionbeta I want to play! Dang it, Im at work with only my lame cell phone. No beta for me 
@wrestlingaddict Dang I didn't realize you weren't   that would rock!
Dang, I think my mouse is dying. I really liked this one 
Dang.. My plans are ruined cause i got a babysit 
@naontiotami Still no response from &quot;Vaccine Damaged&quot;  Dang drive-by's.
Dang it! I feel so bad!!! 
Dang! When I grow up I want to be a man eating machine  http://bit.ly/1814Wb
@PrinceSammie Dang you have been going thru every since that pilot made that hard landing.  Sorry!
Dang I just found out that @The_Seed doesn't want to go to sleep until I come home...I work too much 
Dang I'm locked out my house again twice in one day 
@Deejai Dang, that sucks. 
slow net. Far from the router.  Dang it.
Dang I am so close yet so far from 1000 tweets 
Dang of to work again 
Dang...I wanted to sleep for 2 more hours but I guess my body doesn't want to. 
Dang I shouldve went to onyx tonight like I was supposedto  heard it was good like always http://myloc.me/4CpJ
@mskeekee30 Dang chick! Ur spending have the day in there for that free hair do. LOL. I'm in and out in 1 1/2 hrs. But I have 2 pay. 
Dang it! My crazy a@@ forgot to get my confirmation # to print my boarding pass &amp; u know southwest. I'm going to be stuck like chuck 
For some reason i thought it was 5? Dang it. Not leaving for another hour. 
Dang it  just broke another pair of shades  that's like the 3rd one in 2 months  agh!!
Dang it Brewers...you never play well in national TV 
Dang it Brewers...you never play well on national TV!! 
Freak! Dang-it!!! I just came up 2 one of my fav stores UBERBOT &amp; found out it's closed down! 
Dang it! Can't make it to the cellcast! 
@micheleeeex Dang, I missed it! 
Dang it!    . . .Fell asleep after work and missed prayer 
Dang! As hard as I try, I can't get over him): how do I get over someone I loved so much? 
@LOLOTHEBG Dang..I missed the discussion!  Well hopefully I'll learn about it soon!  I'm sure u'r fierce with the designs, hun. ;)
Dang I haven't used this phone in SO long =/ and I really don't wanna I miss my other phone  mainly cause this one can't pic message!
Dang, I have the most inappropriate song stuck in my head. http://bit.ly/djcef  
@dagolion Dang, must be really hot there!  
I dont understand this math!!!  and i have my regents tomorrow.. Dang ittt
@tlcm16 @CanadianArchie @Archielover14  Dang it! You mean I have to open another account? it's gonna take me a long time 
Dang it!  @elscooby and I missed our 1st concert together @ the State yesterday 
@CabotCoop Dang, *that's* what I forgot from TJ's yesterday 
@PigsknLvngLady Dang, Jill just can't win 
Dang I forgot to charge my phone last night. Now it's dead 
Dang I could cook dinner on the hood of the car, it's so darn hot here 
Dang!! Failed to download it 
Dang i wish it was christmas time 
Dang half ashs family is coming to visit from atlanta tomorrow and theyre staying in our room, Ill havenowhere to go 
Dang it taylor! Dang you! I guess i should have done that a long time ago. It was just the last thing i was holding onto 
Dang my Dad's computer is annoying, his mobo just died it seems 
Dang I'm not tired at all...I think I have insomnia 
Dang I slept rough...at work with a cramp in my neck and back 
Dang it. @drdrew is on @adamcarolla's podcast, but I can't download it over 3G.  My kingdom for an open wifi connection near work! *sob*
@chmpton1 Dang guess I ain't yo U ofM fam  forget u too
Dang it the kods wanted a tubby instead no shower yet.  I just wish they would say something before I get undressed lol
Dang it! We woke up late. So we wont be in cle elum for like another three hours  boo.
Proofing husband's hilarious article about &quot;Running a business out of it&quot; .... Dang he's funny  #business
@SinnamonS Dang, if i ever come to Chicago...i'm hollering at you!!  You can be my Chi_Town tour guide 
@TradingGoddess Dang I did! Was that long ago? I'd still like to read your tweet theory 
Dang it....BRB....have to get the cake, candles and ice cream out and sing happy birthday to my niece. Sweet 16 
@pinksugacupcake Gosh I am glad you are safe.  I just had my first red velvet cake. Dang that was good.
Dang I'm up earlyyyyy. But last night was really fun and today's going to be a good day. 
Correction:: well its a bit after 1:00 in the morning and I'm still on twitter. Dang this addicting.haha. 
@dragonlady76 Dang it - well don't start drinking vodka then 
Dang its early lol considering the fact tht I went to sleep at like 4am lol..I need to go back 2 sleep, well return in a few lol 
kinda stressed..got to do miss king organization thing and i forgot to do Mr.Ta exam..Dang!!! other than i was about to buy another dog!! 
Dang baby i love you ma 
@1sweetwhirl its bcuz he was a lilnew then!! He was still an actor!! LoL! Dang! Im mean today!! mwah!! 
had a 16 1/2 hour day yesterday and a 15 hour day today. And I have to get up in...7 hours.  Dang, I better go to sleep!  
@JGDemas Dang, took the question right out of my mouth 
@NKOTB What, the whole year?  Dang that's a long cruise!  
@lucky04you Dang it, I missed it, I have tons of stuff for DI- but you probably weren't taking a dump truck there! 
Dang, it's been a while since I've played... too busy trying to get this website thing going... please sign up and let me play WoW.. 
