Most common words for this cluster:
[('day', 427), ('father', 426), ('happy', 147), ('dad', 116), ('i', 57), ('today', 41), ('fathers', 32), ('daddy', 32), ('tomorrow', 20), ('time', 19), ('dads', 18), ('everyone', 16)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Father', 0.7619079947471619), (u'Day', 0.6842633485794067), (u'Happy_Belated', 0.649870753288269), (u'Happy', 0.6103265285491943), (u'Transforming_Lives_Every', 0.5963302254676819), (u'Offertory_hymn', 0.5956341028213501), (u'Dying_Wish', 0.5872156620025635), (u'Happy_Hump', 0.5835328102111816), (u'Saint_Patricks', 0.583440899848938), (u'Grinch_Steals', 0.5818798542022705)]





Brother finallyyyy left for school. soo sickk :/ blahh. stupid softball game tonight and my dads making me go. 
@yoboinewnue: I love my bruthas too. But I really don't think The Father likes us going that far with each other. 
My Grandfather on my Father's side passed away yesterday 
Brother #3 is wandering around the house in his underwear. As charming for his 2 sisters as it is for the other female guests, I'm sure 
Brother dinner tonight joy  anyways I was so angry today I go to netball and they cancel it but they didnt even tell me how rude! lol
Father just won the new years eve card competition again  i bet its only becuase of business friendds  (Nonoko)
I have to work at 6... stupid Father's Day move  lol
Father, you take long Strawberries, I bet you won't reply. 
Ah double-crap: just remembered I can't possibly afford Sims 3.  Looks like I'll have to wait and see what Father Christmas brings me!! 
says Brother has been made redundant...  http://plurk.com/p/xn5m2
Doesn't it suck that all the Father's Day Fling giveaways are USA only? 
Gandalf is awesome. Am I going delirious or is Father's Day soon? Denithor(sp?) is a bitch ass, fuck him! Marcel won't come be my friend 
Just realized the live @pottercast in Philly is on Father's Day!!! I probably won't be going afterall.  Very sad pandas.
Devotions were great... Honor your Father and Mother... how many of us do that? I had to apologize to my mommy today  I can be a handful
just found out my dad's Father's Day gift is on backorder! Grumble-grumble! 
@Leafybear bless you, thanks. Even more difficult because their Dad passed away a fortnight later, this year falls on Fathers' Day 
Father issues FTL 
@postsecret This Sunday's secrets were meh. And next week will be Father's Day secrets. Booo. 
Fathers day 
I'm like Father MacKenzie in that Beatles' song. I need followers. 
@RoseBud_  Good question. The dates for taking under 21 don't work for me, unfortunately  Forgot th 21st is Father's Day. 23rd, rehearsal.
Just notice Father's day is fast approaching, I haven't got a glue what to get him.... 
@scootaluv http://twitpic.com/7gvg2 - Omg that's more than a party!!! But I'm coming back Sunday for Father's Day 
My plans for Father's Day is hanging with my family probably talking about our Dad &amp; how 10 yrs. without him sucks 
my fortune cookie said &quot;Happy Father's Day!&quot;.... 
I miss my daddy... Wish I was spending Father's Day with him... 
This is just so damn mean!!: Brother unwrapping fake xbox 360. Watch his face at the end of it  http://tinyurl.com/5j7tow
@claireyjonesy Definitely won't be able to make it then, need to go shopping for Father's Day afte my interview on Friday. Dammit 
@miltmafia - On Father's Day, we wish for DILT to sound as cool as MILT, but we know that will never happen 
This will be my second Father's Day without my Dad.  I still miss him so much 
grand dads bday on Father's Day but he died a few years ago gunna be a sad day 
Trying to figure out what to do for Father's Day. I'll be in a car for most of the day 
O shit! I forgot again...when is Father's Day? I always get my dates mixed up 
Wow, for the first time ever... I don't think I have time to create an e-card for Father's Day.  
Oh my I just realized Father's Day is this month. I wont even see my Daddy for Father's Day.    How sad
I bet not too many people can say they gave themselves a nasty bleeding cut by scraping their leg against their Father's Day present. 
I've been trying not to get down this Father's Day, but it just isn't the same. 
Crap, Father's Day is this weekend isn't it? I haven't shopped for hubby or my dad yet. 
admitting right now: have passionate, genetic hatred of flies. Father to daughter. Swatters R Us. Beware!  
Father's Day is a toughy for me this year!  My father died 20 years ago July 1st.  Father's Day 1989 was the last time I saw him alive! 
@happysammy wow! i have no idea what to get for my dad for Father's Day 
@CuriousWines We'll miss our 'V'  Looking forward to it anyway.  Father's Day reminder tweet did the trick!
Is super sad that I won't be seeing my awesome dad for Father's Day  I hate being so far from home (insert whiny voice)!
Morning! Happy Father's Day ; Oh i miss you daddy  im sure u'll celebrate this day on heaven where you are!
I'm tired...ready for my break...pissed that I'm to poor to even buy Daddy a card for Father's Day 
is at the hospital for her Brother! 
Brother in-laws can be very annoying 
My PowerBook has had random shutdowns  lately Fathers day approaching - coincidence?
Son's B-Day | day off | very humid today |Won-d-ful Italian food &amp; company | call from sis in Fl | Cubs lost 
Bummed that McLoughlin Family Father's Day has been moved to a day deemed more convenient. That's not how it works.  
@flicka47 Not too bad, but cold  Brother is mewing a lot cause he wants daddy home already.
I really hope people show up for my birthday dinner  &amp; yes I know it's asking a lot since it's the same day as Father's Day -____-
@winstano I agree. It'll be my first Father's Day without my Dad 
@OzarksToday  It just looks to be a quiet Father's day again this year.  No Grandkids again 
@themidnightace totally wishing Dexfest wasn't Father's Day weekend 
@lmargaret noo, i wish. i am shackled &amp; bound 2 the Hamptons. No Boston or Daddy 4 Fathers Day 4 me this year  Hes getting a call &amp; a card
@shanedawson I think I'm probably the only person on the planet unable to play &quot;Happy Father(less) Day!&quot;  Youtube keeps saying &quot;Error!&quot;  
1st Father's Day without dad 
Had the first of probably many &quot;moments&quot; today...bypassing the Father's Day cards. 
@snowydaze Monday is a long way away  Maybe the outlaws will be happy on Father's Day and allow the television to be switched on?
@The_Father i'm always alone at the moment 
Dreading Father's Day. Another reminder of Mr Deadbeat Dad and the damage he does, every day. Grr  He doesn't deserve to have daughter.
is bummed that Maggie &amp; The Mace aren't going to be able to make it back this weekend - I'll miss my second Father's Day with them. 
@rawrrmeagan Awww...it sounds like you could use a hug right about now, kiddo. Father troubles again? 
@amanda0205078 Aww I don't think I can  I have to go shopping for a Father's Day gift at the mall tomorrow
Not looking forward to Fathers day.  
I honestly don't even know when Father's Day is... 
Preparing message for Father's Day service.  For some reason, I'm having a hard time w/ this than previous ones. 
Nice Father's Day present. I am a horrible daughter 
Sunday is Father's Day - Wonder what should I get my old man here? Prolly gonna be DIY, not much cash for anything exclusive 
hmmm, best think about a Father's Day something-or-other for Dad... men are so difficult to buy for   it'll probably be fudge, whoop-di-do
The wifey just realized we didnt get a chance to have a Father's Day dinner - and she will be gone this weekend 
Completely late in getting something for Father's Day.  I don't know what to buy.
I'm sad that I don't get 2 see my dad on Fathers day...... 
Crap! I just realized that Father's Day is 2 DAYS AWAY and I still haven't bought a gift. 
is thinking what I should do for Father's Day, I am usually prepared waaaay in advance, not so much this time 
I don't know what to get my husband for Father's Day... 
Going to lunch with Rob, then I need to get my dad's Father's Day present! Have no clue what to get 
@pandasu it is Father's Day on Sunday... 
Am only going to wish my Uncle a happy Father's Day on Sunday since I don't even talk to my dad anymore 
Hubby just called - found out he has to work a 12 hour shift on Sunday! :0 Happy Father's Day?  Working on plan B!
It soooo hot in Atlanta! I must leave the house  gotta get Chris is Father's Day gifts he is the easiest person to shop for ever!
So this weekend is gonna be hectic. Barely have any time with my dad for Father's Day! Monday will be one of the saddest days of my life! 
The most collect calls are made on Father's Day 
This is my 4th Father's Day without my Dad. He died April 14th 2005 from lung cancer. Died 6 weeks after he was diagnosed. 
Aren't going to Corpus Christi after all.  No one is willing to dogsit.    Can't spend Father's Day with my Grandpa and Uncle.  
When is Father's Day in America? I always forget. 
Looks like my Father's Day has been canceled.  Or at least postponed. #fathersday
I am sad that my dad is stuck in Malaysia for Father's Day. 
Am I a bad person for not wanting to go home for Father's Day?  I was never close to my dad and I want to not do something for a weekend.
My super Father's Day gift and plans have fallen through at the last minute  I hope Mommy has a backup plan!
@cutiepiescards I was trying to do both, but the cleaning - ugh. Can't swing a garnd for Father's Day. Had to clean myself. 
It's been a year and a half since my father died. I didn't expect Father's Day to still hurt like this 
Father's Day at Chili's and now a nice little club called &quot;Sheer&quot; makes me wish I was 21 and good looking 
@MamaCapps Thank you so much. And, I almost forgot about Father's Day!  A special thanks for reminding me.
@KTF2009 It's Father's Day.   And I KNOW that I won't get anythin from my boys. They're too you to do it themselves, and their moms won't.
Father's Day weekend! O I miss my Dad 
(cont) I feel horrible he has to worry about having colon cancer and be alone on Father's Day to boot. I want to cry about it, ngl. 
Dad's in New Orleans = not gonna be here for Father's Day =    = I'M MAKIN' WAFFLES.
Hope all are doing well this Fri. nite. Will miss my father on Father's Day- my third without him 
Happy Father's Day! Good noon. not feeling well. stomach cramps~~ too painful.. 
Father's day sunday  r.i.p. Wish u were here
I want 2 wish my dad a happy Father's Day but all I remember was him whoopin my ass. Damn all I wanted was a G.I. Joe 
@Moryera I'm just mostly disgruntled that work scheduled things so late and has me working Father's Day. 
Gonna have a shower in a minute and go into town to buy stuff for Father's Day. I don't wanna go in alone though. 
On the agenda for today: pack for trip to Amsterdam, shop for Father's Day and tidy room. No time to take over the world 
Just sent a Father's Day ecard...did not make it in time for the real card 
Good morning Twitter buds. We had a Father's Day picnic planned for today, but the weather is not cooperating.  Rain gear?
Happy Saturday everyone! Totally bummed Father's Day festivities got moved to today, so no @PodcampOhio for me! 
Spending the day in Athens w/ my bro to honor our Dad for Father's Day. First, b'fast at The Grill then onto chk out #GATheater 
Happy Father's Day everyone.  This is my first without my dad.  Killed 2 months ago.  I miss him so much.  Especially for Father's Day 
Need to get out of house and mail Father's Day card (bad daughter!!). And get some baby aspirin for Mocha who seems to have hurt her back 
@FsceneEm8 Wow, im stuck at home atm.  Is anything happening tonight? And shiit! Father's Day.
June 21, Father's Day... 
I'll be away most of the weekend for Father's Day festivities. 
I told my wife that it's Father's day weekend and she said I only get a day 
Not going to make it to visit for Father's Day.  
I have no clue what to get Dad for Father's Day. 
oh crap its Father's Day tomorro and i have nothing for my daddy 
Ugh . . . had to wake up early   Hopefully the Father's Day party goes well today.
Busy, busy, busy Father's Day weekend has me missing both of my grandfathers. 
and yes, I was glaring. Remind me not to go into Hallmark on Father's Day - made me sad and miss my Dad. 
Celebrated my 1st Father's Day in the airport!!  Becki did an awsome job of making it special regardless!! I'm a lucky man &amp; a proud dad!
has so much to do to get ready for Father's Day. But really I just want to sleep. 
Salazar: I envy you for getting to spend the weekend with two fathers, this is the first Father's Day without mine 
I M the Worst child of the world  2morrow is Father's Day and I've misplaced my father's very important paper which was in c/o of me  :[
@yahelc Turns out tomorrow is Father's Day (who knew?) so my brunch plans are being paternally hijacked 
@mandyconforth - well that's not a good Father's Day weekend. 
I guess I'll be getting a lot of Father's Day wishes 2morrow since I play daddy too. I'll admit, he was a good fuck, but not a good dad 
Brother at beaver camp 
Happy Father's Day to all fathers. I miss you Tatay 
Of course everyone knows tomorrow is Father's Day! And I don't have a father to spend it with only my mom's boyfriend 
Of course everyone knows tomorrow is Father's Day! And I don't have a father to spend it with, my mom's boyfriend is the closest person 
Father's Day shopping its a mad house!! Lesson learned dont wait 'til the last minute. 
Brother moved out! 
ok... officially braindead... more MA work tomorrow... although it's Father's day... 
Back from shopping. Now, baking for Father's Day and listening to JB. Still. Haha. And, still wishing I could see them this summer... 
can't remember the last time my dad was in town for Father's Day 
I miss Father Crowley 
I wish I were back home to spend Father's Day with my grandpa and dad! 
New BBQ and rotisserie for Father's Day. Too bad the Roast is too rare for my liking 
Off to my dad's house for Father's Day. Goodbye Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic. 
Father mckenzie writing the words of a sermon that no one will hear. No one comes near. &lt;3 Ah look at all the lonely people. 
This will be my first Father's Day without my dad 
Father's Day...wish I could be with my Dad  glad I get to celebrate my awesome Husband! ;) Thankful to have such an awesome Heavenly Dad!
about to go have dinner with my mom and sis- its our first Father's day without my dad...very sad. 
Fathers day 
Working on something to go on my poppop's grave tomorrow for Father's Day 
Dad won't be here for Father's Day cause he is out of town 
Watching NCIS on DVR again. Had a little dinner-cloudy weather gone. Sad-enjoyed the rain. Tomorrow first Father's Day w/o my dad 
Waking up and wishing everyone a Happy Father's Day! Now I gotta head to work. 
Another Father's Day, another day I don't get to spend with my dad. I don't care what they say, it doesn't get easier. 
Havin' a lazy night in---I need it, haha! B/w our dog and Father's Day, I'm bummin' hardcore, missin' my Dad  xoxo
Not looking forward to tomorrow. First Father's Day without my Dad and I won't be able to see my youngest daughter. 
says Happy Father's Day   http://plurk.com/p/12jpmc
game yesterday was amazing...even though we lost  I got the most AMAZING heels ever!!! i'm finishing up my Father's Day gift right now!!!
Aww my poor lil Brother crashed his truck   thnk god no one was hurt. I feel so bad for the kid!
@static35 We went to town to get some shopping done; tomorrow we head north to DH's parents' for Father's Day. Still hot now. 
I always miss my Dad on Father's Day.  
Father's Day tomorrow.... yay, where's Lynda &amp; Darian? 
I get so sadevery year at Father's Day  My dad has been gone for 18 yrs now.
Tomorrow is going to be a long day at work, since I really want to be hanging with the family,   happy, Happy Father's Day!   B-)
Just had dinner for Father's Day bc my step-Dad won't be in town tomorro  Had his favorite pasta dish... Yummy...
Missing my Daddyo.  Happy Father's Day to all the other dads out there, though!
Can't believe that my cousin passed a year ago tomorrow! A trip to the cemetery on Father's Day is never good 
Father's Day just aint gunna be ANY fun, if some1 doesn't get me that #Ghostbusters video game t/m: http://tr.im/Gb360  /endsympathyparty
Father's Day makes me kinda sad 
Too overcast to use Poppa's new Father's Day present (a telescope). Erg. 
Dropping off the oldest kiddo to Boy Scout camp in the morning..With the other 2 boys already away, I will be childless on Father's Day 
Dad is doing ok, on a liquid diet now. At least it's more than only IV! What a bad way to spend Father's Day! 
Having no luck finding a Fathers Day poem for a Pastor 
is back from Outback and didn't have time to get ANYTHING for my dad for Father's Day 
is thousands of miles away from her dad on Father's Day 
Wishing I could spend Father's Day with my children and their mother.  But I'm looking forward to celebrating it with them next week.
Happy Father's Day!!! Too bad my dad is out in Cali.  Hope everyone have a great day!
Fathers day is over rated 
Going to bed...up early tomorrow.  I'm not going to see my dad on Father's Day and that makes me really sad 
- another dbl shift tomorrow.. on Father's day  which means: minimal time with gpa. the illest man ever :[
#1: Not being able to hang out with my Daddy for Father's Day...{tear} 
Happy Sunday and Happy Father's Day!! Too bad daddy-o is out of town, so no special lunch 
Happy Father's Day to all The Dads out there and To My dad up in heaven i love u 
Happy Father Day Daddy R.I.P i miss you 
Father's Day stinks. Makes me miss my dad. 
I was about to wish my dad 'Happy Father's Day' but he is not at home 
Father's Day gifts ready for church,-check, Sunday School Lesson  ready- check, songs picked out for service- check!  Bedtime- not yet 
Okay, maybe no blog entry. I just don't have the time.  Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there!!
Loves postsecret. Thinks money is too easy to spend. Going to Matt's church tomorrow. Happy Fathers Day. I miss you, Dad. 
Happy Father's Day!! I love you Dad! Also sad that I did not get to see mom on mothers day and now dad on fathers day 
I want to wish all the fathers out there a Happy Father's Day. Cherish what you have. Happy Father's Day Daddy...wish you could be here 
Happy Father's Day!  I miss U Dad 
Happy Father's Day too all you great dads! I miss my dad. 
@thequeenofrap So it looks like you jus might be able to bother me at the Father's Day picnic 
my feet hurt from work    Happy Father's Day!  p.s. i love the movie &quot;One Fine Day&quot;
Y!:Happy Father's Day  Minh tu chuc cho minh - mot minh 
Happy Father's Day!  So thankful I had a good father, so sad that he's no longer with me!  
Father's day would be nice if you were still here 
@petewentz yes  Happy Father's Day btw!
@Shunkleburger: Sorry, can't.  Parents would frown as we're supposed to get up early for Father's Day stuff tomorrow.
First Father's Day without my Dad. Missing him 
Tomorrow is Father's Day and I can't spend it with my Daddy!  I miss him and hope he spends it well with my Mommy...
I was M.I.A today, sorry bout that. Hope everyone had a great Saturday  Tomorrow is Father's Day and my Husband works  Not coo 
Happy Father's Day to me! (Except that it's wife's birthday also, so Father's Day is cancelled (and no ETRU         ))
Mum just phoned me to tell me to text my dad Happy Father's Day. It's 8am!!! I was asleep! 
Happy Father's Day! My iPhone just shattered 
Happy Father's Day!! Hope you have a great day. RIP Dad. 
Awake already  Still in bed tho, but I need to sneak out to get a Father's Day card. In a bit tho I reckon!
Good morning all you Dad's out there, Happy Father's Day! Today I will be missing the GP because of a family lunch out 
Happy Father's Day to me! Woot! What a perfect day to be in the dog-house, futon tonight yo!!! 
Is missin his son this Father's Day!!! Damn i love my son! This some hard shit! 
@pattypachangas I left my camera charger in Father's dressing room. 
unfortunately not spending Father's Day with my daddy. 
Happy Father's Day to all Dads out there and a big hug to those of us without a Dad to make a fuss of 
happy Fathers Day Father  X   Love You X i can't upload i great pic onto twitpic from my phone. my phone still sucks 
Feeling glad I have a Father to spoil today..... But also mMissing the best father-in-law in the world...  first one without him 
Happy Father's Day to all the Dads out there! I miss you Papa 
OMG it was Father's Day today and I COMPLETELY forgot!  I'm so mean...
Its Father's Day in the States. I miss my Daddy. 
My brother just called to say Dad is back in hospital. Not much of a Father's Day for him 
My family are watching 'Charlie Brown' thats what Dad's get in this house on Father's Day! I'm away to do the ironing 
The hours I'll never get back from TH  I gotta get up! It's the British GP and Father's Day!
It's father's day and I don't have a phone to call my dad with.  Happy Father's Day Dad!
In the cemetery. Happy Father's Day Papa. I still wonder what it'll be like if my grandpapa is still alive 
Happy Father's Day to all of the fathers out there. Wishing @rcovideo wasn't out of town today. 
Happy Father's Day, dad. Wish I could tell him in person ...or at least by direct contact 
Happy Father's Day to all of the Dads in twitterville. Tell your father how much you love and care for him today. I miss mine 
I spent so long making that Father's Day card for my dad. My hand hurts 
Happy Father's Day!! I keep telling my wife that having a baby today means she doesn't have to get me a gift. No dice 
Happy Father's Day/1st day of summer everyone!  Let's hope the weather cooperates 
Going to see my dad today! his might be his last Father's day 
Going to spend the day with my dad and have as much fun we can because it may be his last Father's Day with us 
Now I think they all went to Father's Day dinner.  Sick. Alone. On a weekend. Hello, pity party!
Happy Father's Day to all that have one or are a Father. I am neither  but remember he read to me Little Engine That Could, love you Pops!
Seeing as I celebrated Father's day yesterday.. I'm free today!!  Except my present isn't sorted.. it still won't play on my stereo!! 
could really do without it being Father's Day 
@onecoconut Unfortunately due to rain, a looong day in the bike trainer.    Then off to Fathers day at the inlaws.
i think this is the first Father's Day I won't see my dad...he's in Paris for business.  Kind of sad 
Wow, is it really Father's Day?  Damn.....missin my Dad   I hope he's here watchin anyways...
Nearly over the flu but can't do the Race for Life in memory of my dad on Father's Day as still recovering 
It's not much of a Father's Day without the DaddyMan at home 
When your iPod shuffles on to 'Daddy's Gone' on Father's Day and the words actually apply to you = bad times 
Having all the kids smiling telling me &quot;Happy Father's Day - I love you!&quot; reminds me of how crappy of a dad I am at times  
@MariellaFromBe Hi Mariella, not really. Cough kept me up all night. We all have it now.  Poor Josh sick like that on Father's Day 
Wishing my Dad a very Happy Father's Day...I so wish I wasn't driving to Philly right now  http://myloc.me/4PBQ
Wow now I am in tears thinking about my Father  I dearly miss him he passed on Jan 4, 1994
I will be having a very difficult time today.  My Father's Day present is an empty house because my wife has decided to separate from me. 
I was my Son's Dad, He ended up with a Dead Beat Father Thanks to a Lady Name CRACK COCAINE  SO I had to be the Mother and the Father
On my way 2church! 2cd year Mass for Papa L. R.I.P 
It's sooooo early!!! I got so little sleep too  It's worth it to make my dad happy though. Happy Father's Day to all the dads!!!!
@mikegentile Can you be my &quot;Father&quot; for Fathers Day?. since I haven't seen mine since I was 4. 
Have to call my stepdad later for Father's Day. Wish my dad was still here. Really miss him. 
Is Father's Day today or was it yesterday?I lost my dad a year ago 
Happy Father's Day to all the dads!  Wish Alex was home today 
Happy Father's Day to my absolutely wonderful Dad!! &lt;3 you! wish I was there      .... around gettin lotsa sheeit done today!
Happy Father's Day to my absolutely wonderful Dad!! Love you! wish I was there  .... around gettin lotsa sheeit done today!  &lt;3
Goodness gracious what a storm last night! Now I have no power  wonder how long this will last...... Happy Father's Day everyone!!
Happy Fathers Day all! My &quot;kids&quot; are in the kennel until tomorrow  No Father of the Year award for me this year apparently...
It's not Father's Day here in Brazil. That's a shame  Anyway, Happy Father's Day yo ya'll.
is wondering if we will ever get the summer back - longest day today (and Father's Day) and it's really dull 
Happy Father's Day!  My oldest is sick with a fever of 102.  Yay!  It's going to be a good day.  
I'm bummed because it's Sunday and I have to work. That means less time I get to spend with my man  WORK SUCKS! Happy Father's Day Dads!
Hoping Ikea arrives early to sister's new apt so we can all do brunch together for Father's Day as planned  Ikea, you've ruined enough!
is wishing he could see his daughter on Father's day  maybe the wifey will hook up the video chat later..
Am struggling today on Father's Day.  I love you and miss you loads, Dad x x x
will sleep na, bye!!  Happy Father's Day to your Dads!
feels guilty for not greeting her dad a Happy Father's Day.. 
wish the weather wasn't so crappy on Father's Day 
Staying alone on Father's Day because I've got to study 
Sitting on the porch watching the birds at the feeder with a cup of coffee....then off to show houses....on Father's Day 
mmmmmm, coffee!  too cool to sit on deck and drink   Maybe tomorrow. Time to make Father's Day breakfast.
Happy Father's day!!  I miss my dad. 
Wishing I could say Happy Father's Day in person to my Dad..........  
Happy Father's Day.Sad day i have a wake to go to later for a buddy of mine killed while on duty for the coast guard 
Happy Father's Day. My dad's sick 
Happy Father's Day to me ! 
Father's Day is still slightly depressing. Miss you Dad 
Good morning ya'll! Happy Father's Day!! So tired I slept for 2 and a half hrs and I can't fall back asleep 
Today's Father's Day and i havent gotten anything for my dad 
Grease put me in a whole happy mood! &lt;3 So, the boy toy,Im assuming were pretty much done  im ok...Happy Father's Day to all the Daddy!!
Everybody forgot about Father's day apparently 
Father's Day sucks 
Planning next week.  No Father's Day festivities here...Mark is working today.  Inlaws later 
Happy Father's Day to all the daddies out there; getting ready for church; my baby comes home today! ... but then i leave for the DR  
Happy Father's Day to all! ..... And my Grandma's dog just died 
It's Father's Day and Blayne has to work  Plus I won't have my babies with me...What the heck am I gonna do?
Digesting pancakes from my thoughtful son who wanted to make Father's Day special 4me  -- 1st FD after my own dad's passing 
Not going to Detroit for church this morning  but Happy Fathers Day to my Father, God!
Honestly Father's day is a dead holiday for me 
out to Father's Day Breakfast with the fam, and then working 
Im missing my Daddy on this Father's Day  wish he were still here. R.I.P Papi!
Wishing everyone a Happy Father's Day.  Miss you, dad.  
Happy Father's Day to any father's out there. To my husband who is an amazing father and i miss you daddy.  Its been 11 years 
Happy Father's Day! My daddy made breakfast for us... Kinda woke up late for me to make it  http://twitpic.com/807ck
Totally just realized, just this very moment, that I won't be calling my grandpa for Father's Day. This can only end badly.  Motherfuck. 
Another father's day without you daddy...Happy Father's Day....RIP 
Happy Father's Day to all of the deserving Fathers out there!  I miss my Daddy today...  
Ugh my insides are turning  PS Happy Father's day
Father's Day with no Father. 
We're going out to eat for Father's Day. I don't have any time to get ready. 
Wishing my parents didn't live 14 hours away. Happy Father's Day 
Nothing says Happy Father's Day better than his daughter greeting him with a bedroom floor full of puke.  Poor Seth. 
@Hawkbow Happy Father's Day Hawk! Sorry to hear about your tooth 
Nobody wished me happy Father's Day yet 
@DonnieWahlberg  Happy Father's Day!! I hope you have a wonderful day!  I lost my dad 16 years ago. 
@dannywood   Happy Father's Day!! I hope you have a wonderful day!  I lost my dad 16 years ago. 
Father's Day!  I hope all of you fathers have a great day.  I miss my father.  He has been gone for nine years 
It is Father's Day, how do I show love through commercial products? 
@jordanknight   Happy Father's Day!! I hope you have a wonderful day!  I lost my dad 16 years ago. 
@joeymcintyre  Happy Father's Day!! I hope you have a wonderful day!  I lost my dad 16 years ago. 
Happy Father's Day to all you dads out there.  Unfortunately, I lost mine when I was a teenager!  
Just got a letter yesterday saying OSU has completed antomical research on my dad and will send me the cremains. Happy Father's Day 
Happy Father's Day! I miss my Dad.  
missing the Father's Day BBQ because I have to work 
Missing daddy today   But will see him tonight....Happy Father's Day Dad!!
Happy Father's Day... Praying for the Poulitos 
I'm petitioning for Father's Day to be extended into Monday if the US Open does not finish tonite 
@flatterdfirefly Tell your hubby Happy Father's Day... Wish I could be there to celebrate with yall, but I have to work   see you soon!
Im the only one up in the room  I'll just call my dad for father's Day. Happy Father's Day to all the fathers out there!
Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there!!  Wish I could see mine today. 
RiP .auqust 1999 ; Happy Father's Day daddy ; I love you &amp; miss you soo muchh 
I'm up so early! Happy Daddy's Day. Unfortunately, my father is on his way to San Fran.  A fatherless Father's Day haha Love ya dad
Happy Father's Day to all the father's out there. Will call mine later. Trying to cool the house down before it gets hot outside again 
Happy Father's Day to all the Dad's out there! I am missing my Dad today 
its 10.50 PM already...Yet i dont wanna go 2 bed!  Oh, and b4 its over,wanna shout out to all the fathers out ther; Happy Father's Day! 
I miss u..But we shall meet someday In the kingdom where angels kiss.. To chase the clouds away...Happy Father's day... 
Happy Father's Day!  I won't see my dad today cos I have to work   But we celebrated yesterday!
I hope Cesar is okay   Happy Father's Day, daddies.
might b e late for church  Anywhoo thankin God for waking me and my loved one's up this morning! p.s. Happy Father's Day!
might be late for church  Anywhoo thankin God for waking me and my loved one's up this morning! p.s. Happy Father's Day!
Here is to all the Fathers out there, who do not get Fathers day greetings!   not quite the hipe of other days, but we deserve it anyway!
I wish I was at home to celebrate Father's day. I miss my daddy. 
Happy Father's Day to all the fathers.   I miss my daddy   he passed away Christmas eve '07
Happy Father's Day!! Can't be with my daddy today cuz I have to work... 
i wish my dad weren't 15 hours away today   Happy Father's Day, Daddy! I love you!
Good morninggg! Happy Father's Day!!! I have bug bites EVERYWHERE. 
Since I can't be with my dad on Father's Day  I'm off to suprise Gramps. Happy Father's Day Dad and Gramps!! #fb
Oh Yay. Fathers day. . . . Who care's. I miss my girlfriend 
Happy Father's Day to all you father's out there! Going to go to Aaron's dad's for a bbq...wish I could see my dad today. 
Happy Father's Day Twit!!!!..*givescard* here this is from my tweets..except #37..he hates you and thinks you're a horrible father..sorry 
&lt;small&gt;Happy Father's Day! Kinda sucks though 'cause my Pops is in Europe. 
Happy Father's Day! I wish I were with mine...  Love you Dad!
Happy Father's Day! Kinda sucks though because Poppa Dukes is in Europe right now. 
We are up and Marcos isn't hear to wish him a Happy Father's day.  waiting for 4 hours to pass by... Working on Father's Day is no fun.
Just doesn't feel like Father's Day without a BBQ and my dad.   
Father's Day &amp; our 6 year anniversary today.  Dad &amp; J are at church, I'm home with sick C. 
Happy Father's Day! I wish my daddy was here with us.  At least we can still drink in his honor. I miss you Crik'ee!
Father's Day...kind of bittersweet for me.  I had the best father, but he's been gone for almost 17 years 
Father's Day... 
Happy Father's Day, everyone!  I work all day, so I won't be around. 
Father's Day...I will be spending it studying 
Today is gonna be tough. First Fathers Day without my Papa. 
Taking care of my sweet wife for Father's Day.  She 's had a rough time the last few weeks &amp; with surgery soon...more to come. 
Picking up around the house then to see  my Daddy, Jalissa said she wishes her Daddy was here for Father's Day  ....So do I love u freddie
I miss you dad; wish you were here to celebrate this Father's Day.  Happy Father's Day in Heaven.
Happy Father's Day, wishing I was home to spend it with mine 
i don't get to see my daddy today  but Happy Father's Day!
Happy Father's Day Dad! You've been gone way too long!  #cancersucks http://myloc.me/4R17
Father shouted @ baby brother, baby brother started crying 
Going to church by myself on Father's Day..  My family's out of town..
Happy Father's Day to all u fathers that follow me. I'm stuck at work for most of the day. 
Happy Father's Day everyone. I miss my dad  *waves across the ocean*
My Father's Day is the first one without my father.  He died on 10/4/08.  
Happy Father's Day, to the dads out there. Also, I would like to express my discontent at working open to close today.  #fakejob
Happy Father's Day! Had breakfast w/ my Daddy and me and hubby r having supper w/ his Dad. I miss Papaw on Father's day. Lost him 4-29-03 
Happy Father's Day everyone. I miss you daddy... 
Made it to church early!  Shocking. Hope everyone enjoys the first day of summer and Father's Day!! Flowers on the altar in mem of dad 
It's Father's Day, and my father isn't here.   But it's okay, because he's enjoying the beach.  Later we're going to see Harry's dad.
Happy Father's Day to my pops. Sadly, Japanese whalers captured him in '85. His body was sold to be used in aphrodisiacs. 
Happy Father's Day, twits. Off to brunch dedicated to the big man. Then he gets to watch the Open all day and I study all day for history 
Okay cannot sleep, feels so sick  of all the fun earlier, Father's Day, why now?!
Happy Father's Day! too bad NY has turned into Seattle and golf plans had to be nixed 
Happy Father's Day to all!  Missing mine back in CA, 
Happy Father's Day! So thankful for everything my father did for me! I miss him 
Happy Father Day!! never celebrate it with my Dad... 
@MariahCarey  My father passed away too. It's hard on Father's Day without him.
@ThePanicRoom Your blog keeps eating my comment.  Love the belly shot, and Happy Father's Day to one of my favorite bloggy dads.
Getting ready to get everyone dressed, load up the car, and head to my dad's for the day. Poor hubby is at work  Happy Father's Day all!
Happy Father's Day! I'm sad that I'm not in Atlanta to celebrate with my daddy!  But I love him very much!
Happy Father's Day to all the great Father's out there. Wish i could give mine a kiss but he is oh so far away... 
Happy Father's Day to all you amazing dads, esp. my perfect husband (who is at work  ).
just woke up to my first Father's day...3000 miles from my daughter 
What a way to spend Father's day... Travel w/o family. 
Just made brunch for the boys. Now it's time to clean the mess.  Happy Father's Day, all!!
@billyraz Happy Father's Day, Dad... though you can't enjoy it because you have swine flu 
@youngq Hope u have a great Father's Day...my dad isn't doing to well today, so its a rough one for me 
I have slow cooked ribs all night 4 a Father's Day Feast today. But DS has an earache that came uninvited in the night 
Both DH and I are not feeling well. I've got headache from contacts and he's generally yucky.  Good thing no crazy Father's Day plans.
Happy Father's Day to the coolest dad and to Grandpa R.I.P. Life aint been the same without you 
Happy Father's Day to all the Fathers!! I miss mine! 
@tuckerandswiss I kno, right?! Thermostat wars are almost ALWAYS a lost by us hubbies   Father's Day my ...  uhmm...FOOT! LOL
Happy Father's day to all!  Wish mine wasn't so far away right now 
My dad didn't even smile when I gave him my Father's Day card. And I worked really hard on that 
Happy Father's day to my daddy and all the dads out there!  I miss my family...
Tweeting on Father's day... where the hell are my kids? 
First Father's Day without being in Florida and with my Papa...love him, wish I could be there 
Awesome. Working on Father's Day  I really miss my dad.
Happy Father's Day to the women that had to be Dad too  hang in there!
Happy Father's Day. Love you, papa! Miss you 
Happy Father's Day to daddies and daddies to be! I miss mine. 
I just realized this is the first time I've ever been away from my daddy on Father's Day!  I miss him so much! I love u daddy!
missing Father's Day with the father of my children. I'm so sad.... 
@davecurrie you're not alone.  Bought a Father's Day card for grandpa a week ago, never had a chance to give it to him   Bittersweet day.
Discovered the van had a dead battery after we loaded everyone up for our Father's Day adventures 
Father's day without my daddy!!  se fue a un Spa por el finde..
@DavidBrownSound Glad you had a good Father's Day!  Sorry we couldn't be there.  Morning in the ER with the flu = worst Father's Day ever 
Now I understand why he was going so hard about Father's Day, his father passed 
@doobiebrownies Belated Happy Father's day! I was trying to call you yesterday but you were not answering your phone 
Father keeps taking pics of me driving coz of funny expressions I make 
Darn me! Just when I thought I was over the Father's Day drama, I brought it all back to the surface again by talking to mom about it. 
3 year old nephew running around naked touching his penis. Father in law tells him hands off in a shaming voice. I do not even understand 
@lazzer2000 did you celebrate for the entire  420 day?  Is it your new favorite holiday.  So you di take after your Father 
Moms need to check this outhttp://www.mother2mother.net/about/ Fathers it may give us insight to what our wives think and feel 
@dieverdog Thanks!! Most of those are in Brother's backyard!! 
@joshcoy Amen Brother 
GoodMorning. My Father's going balistic, and I'd say more but I'd rather not get beat, so Have a Good Day, and please text me 
Father, let your light shine down on me... 
@otoole4info YAY!!!!! Keep me posted on that--what a terrific Father's Day gift 
