Most common words for this cluster:
[('day', 2334), ('frenchieb', 40), ('lol', 23), ('u', 23), ('com', 20), ('http', 18), ('wow', 14), ('amp', 13), ('p', 12), ('b', 12), ('yay', 10), ('plurk', 9)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'day', 0.9999997615814209), (u'week', 0.6552988886833191), (u'days', 0.6244533658027649), (u'morning', 0.6069667339324951), (u'month', 0.6004591584205627), (u'hours', 0.5727264881134033), (u'afternoon', 0.5589553713798523), (u'hour', 0.5330367684364319), (u'weekend', 0.5174921154975891), (u'evening', 0.5169621109962463)]





@alydesigns i was out most of the day so didn't get much done 
@meganh93 same it has been drizzling all day  if u are going to rain might as well pour.
Another long and slow day ahead ... *sigh!*  
bad day 
is hungover  and just wants to stay in bed all day ?
@arisan No free day for you?! 
Has woken up late and wasted some of the day! 
Awww maaaaan its a beautiful day 
is not feeling to good 2day 
great day to stay in bed...can't sleep 
@fudgecrumpet You'll be there one day. 
having a bad day 
Horrible day so far and it's only 7:30 am 
I can already teel that it's going to b a rough day and it's not even 9:30 yet! 
Not having a good day thus far 
Waking up late on my first my first day back = 
been a quiet day, where are you z 
haixt ,, it's  been a bad day for me ,, 
has wasted alllllllll of her day 
I want to stay in bed all day. 
its about to be a loooong day 
is not impressed she accidently left her ipod on all day n its now dead 
@kismetfeline  I so would have come by too... sad day
i havent eat for almost a day 
i'm completely drained.    i suppose day drinking does that!
same shitt different day ... when does it stop .. 
yay!!! moving day!!! ... not. i hate packing 
Moving day 
Its Another Rainboot day 
Rough day 
bad day!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Is awake and getting ready to start my day 
@SimplyGaby im sorry to hear that u had a bad day 
getting out of bed? last day in so cal 
@ashemischief Doesn't it make for a sad day.  
just woke up, what an overcast day 
one more day 
I am having a really bad day. 
i had a sad day 
I love BubbleTweets! I just wish I could do more than 3 a day... 
Wow! What a llllllllllooooooooonnnnnnnngggggggg day 
is bored cleaned all day 
is having a bad day.  
I've been painfully tired all day long.  
still extremely sick  laying down all day
working on a beautful day 
Oh y do I work on a nice day and we rt busier then hell 
I haven't eaten all day. Probably cause I couldn't keep it down. 
There is not enough time in a day... 
@SongzYuuup lmaooo leave thatitans alone i cant believe i missed u 2day 
Not enough time in a day 
It's been a long day, now I'm sleeping alone. 
It's been a long day, now I'm sleeping alone. 
wondering what to do with the day, too tired to move 
Oh the day is almost over... 
Still not feeling well..... one more day in bed I guess 
going to tenerife....working all day  long  
@EmEmEmma  its such a sad day
last day 
I had a rough day,, i dont like fighting 
I don't want to go to work on a sunny day like this 
I feel like I haven't slept at all. It's going to be a long day 
last day.  making the most of it!
just woke up... my last day to sleep in 
Just woke up earlier, it was suposed to be my day to sleep in, but i couldnt 
Getting up and starting the day..it's chilly out, 
Last day here! 
last day of holz 
It's so early and already the day is far too long 
@daisyx i wish you were here too .. our last day here 
Studying all day... 
The last day before going back to work 
Butbutbut then again, its like the last day I get to hang with my cuzzies. And that won't be likely to happen 
Cleaning on another beautiful day 
Last day of vakay.  It went by too quickly...  
@TammyLynn_17 damn  that's a whole day!
@pfspleen and i use them every day! I dont understand it 
@LayC  not enough time in the day
is having quite a lonely day. 
first day back 
@needygirl I've a whole day to wait yet 
@winterdesire Is your day also bad? 
@elainerrr all day hanogvers suck!! 
owww i've felt queasy all day 
I'm about to be back @ work. B day over 
day six....I think I am going to be sick 
Getting ready for the day. 
I'm beyond exhausted and not ready for the day.  And it's going to be sooooo long!!!!  
Could be another long day  can't believe having to wait outside again
I think I already gave up before this day started.  
is having a very rainy day 
I want to stay in bed all day 
.I don't feel too good 2day 
Going to be a frusterating day... I can't spell frusterating..  already (frusterating )
I think it's going to rain all day. 
bad day 
Is tired...long day 
and it's even a day after 
@larzshinobi then I'll only have 30 left for the day 
I'm saposed to be studying, but I've been sleeping all day 
is not very well 2day 
@jasbir  D day for me to come to ranchi...!! and away from net 
Heading off to work, hopefully I get to stay there all day 
raining  rubbish day so far tbh 
It's such a wonderful day... I don't want to revise!!! 
@LadyHAHA so lucky s you...I don't stop twittering her and she won't answer  one day....
ugghhh.. having a bad day! 
not my best day   
I just realized that I've been on here updating 2day. 
ready to end a bad day 
@herrolauren i was on, but i got bored, and you weren't online at all. and it made me sad all day. 
Having a bad day 
I cough at nite again ... weird i've been well all day 
bad day. 
is not very happy 2day !! 
I'm so exhausted physically and mentally I'm not sure I can make it through the day. 
2:35 and only starting the day 
rainyrainy day 
beautiful day out .... .too bad I have to work.  
one more day 
@Grooveecar   - it was sunny here all day!
The day is dragging on and it's only 2:30. 
slacking day by day! 
@aryrs i know i just love him!! hahaha but i was all day looking for him..but nooo!!!!  hahaha i'm a dramatic =D
been rainin all day 
@TheTreelo  i've been cleaning all freaking day. D:
this isn't my day 
@SkipSerpico I would LOVE to do that some day! I often fantasize about it, but it'll never happen 
really doesn't want to work when it's such a nice day outside 
.. Last day of 21 
Right it's a glorious day and hmwk needs to be done 
 have too cook to day
I'm having a really bad day!! 
@trickyshirls whoop lol i have 22  but in 1 day so not bad lol
One day... 
not having a great day 
in bardstown for the day... we miss you jodie 
Last full day at disneyworld 
it's a sad day     OTBC
working all day its to early 
had a bad day 
is really sad this is my last day at calvary 
A sad but predictable day for the Canaries 
Having a terrible day... 
Bad day 
@stellarBELLZ good morning B!  I have to work too but still enjoy your day.
has had a bad day 
not having a good day 
@MissyHartNYC i can stand them, but just not 2day 
Such an uneventful day 
has lost the will to watch Friends... it's a very sad day. 
not my day 
My day isn't getting any better. 
I need a day to recover before returning to work 
second nosebleed of the day 
Going to work...on this lovely day! 
@Its_Chinkz where u been all day? 
Still a very cloudy day .. i feel depressed 
love watching all day long movies hihih but hates that i am sick 
@AnnieDAFG i missed youuuuuu.   one day (soon!!!) we shall meet again.  &lt;33333
getting ready for a longg day 2morroww! 
I've been terribly sick all day 
It's raining heavyly. What a fantastic day... 
Strategically managing it all day long 
I want this day to end 
I hate having so much planned for a day off. 
of courseee it's raining on my day off! 
is waiting for the day to end 
not having a good day 
My day off and I'm awake at 730!! 
@dontlookaway no  i was workin all day. You?
it's going to be a quiet day w/o @heatherjoy_76 
Last day in L.A.  
volta pros trendings  #bouvierb-day #frenchieb-day #bouvierb-day #frenchieb-day #bouvierb-day #frenchieb-day #bouvierb-day #frenchieb-day
@YungUniversity  sad day
my day turned upside down 
i wont tweet all day 
Its only been a day but i miss my m  -RckStr
has only one more day with him... 
@Sezz239 me too  hope it's a good day for you
is one more day 
@frugalmama It hasn't been a very good day  But it might be looking up.
doesn't want the day to end.... 
long hot day... 
thought of going to work the day after is making me upset 
I remember the first day u said u loved me! And the last 
is having a very fed up day 
Treating myself to coffee and cake. It's a lonely mothers day 
this has been a really sucky day so far and its only 11.57 am here 
rainny day 
this day sucks already - fucking hatboro 
Working all day  ugh!
@philly_bits  how was train day!  i'm sad i missed it 
It's fido's last day with us 
i am SO excited to work on my day off. 
I think @tornadohunt should follow me back!  That would make my day!
says *sigh* What a miserable day.  http://plurk.com/p/sxqsy
@zoziekins never ever heard of it! oh  maybe i shall try some one day...
Its too gorgeous outside for me to have to work all day! 
Bad day 
Already not such a Fabulous day... 
it's mommy's day annnd i have to work. it sucks  but tonight shall be lovely &lt;3
is having a really tough day...  
my last day being sixteen. 
Wow such a long day  http://myloc.me/HTt
I walk approximately 3 steps per day. 
@keralita13 seriously! I'm so sad this day is ending 
having a pretty crappy day. 
what a day 
Just getting settled in from a wasted day! 
What a day!! 
13-02-09 = 50% day 
@MusicianGirl awwwwww...sad day  i don't know what's going on
getting ready for bed...have a cold....been a very long day 
@DDubSoldier34 - Aw, that is sad! I have never met him  - I hope one day that I will be able to.
Is up and totally tired and soo not looking forward to colege the worst day ever 
@Cbird00 I was sleeping all day..I'm sick..... 
Another day, Another hangova   x
@iaingilmour I feel sad for your bad day 
i hurt so much  and i had the woooorst day ever  i need sleeeeeeeep
its a miserable day !!! 
Not a very nice day out there, cold and yet 
I'm having a bad day.                               ...
@jalensmom Not this day? 
Bad day will never ending.. 
@miawoods2005 mine either   I feel terrible 2day...
this day is going really slowly 
@paulsm I know! he must have died aorund that day 
I feel so c______y 2day 
The day did not start right. 
i only took one day off and now i'm swamped 
less than productive day 
@dougiemcfly i dream with the day when you'll reply me 
Where is @VikkSyn at? I havent really talked to her all day. 
back from a loooong day... 
not a good day 
@_leirion btw i couldn't stop talking to you until you got back simply because i can't get through another day not talking to you 
Doesn't know what to do...day is looking grim 
Is soooo rough 2day 
is planning to revise all day 
Working all a day!!! 
lovely day 
studying all day 
I have the day to myself, might have to work though... 
Not a good day to be late 
went to bed too late and now I'm up too early. it already feels like a bad day 
has spent the day feeling very poorly 
dreary day. i wish i could run 
@djMarioBee  sad sad day
beautiful day... but i don't feel so good. 
I really DO NOT want to go to work. I hope this day goes by really fast 
I really do not feel gd 2day 
my last day 
having a bad day 
@DasBoat2 i bathe every day, tyvm 
It's just not a good day. 
@karlphotoboy i know it's a crappy day isn't it  you back in dublinland?
ahh what a long day 
And here I begin my last day off.. 
Not having a very good day. 
It's nice and sunny day!! I slept too long and couldn't enjoy the day! 
Still not having a good day.  
Long day 
@paulanicole you're so right  ok I'll turn them on, but only if you @replyz me every day.
@cutenory I was at 500 the other day 
@weisslu  hugzors... it was greate to see you, well done for making it through the day
bad day (( ugh!! 
superrrrrrr tired day 
One more day... 
just a really really boring day 
just a really really boring day 
just a really really boring day 
just a really really boring day 
just a really really boring day 
just a really really boring day 
just a really really boring day 
just a really really boring day 
just a really really boring day 
just a really really boring day 
just a really really boring day 
just a really really boring day 
I'm feeling bad, I am worried and bad!!!  All day is so sad..   
just a really really boring day 
just a really really boring day 
just a really really boring day 
just a really really boring day 
@MeganDeniseFox I want to join, but it's late, other day 
i want the day to be over already, mentally and phisically ill 
out all day until about 3 or 4 
Bad day bad day bad day 
Ugh. I've been sleeping all day.  So tired.
that's a bad day 
@blackHeart21Red raining here   have a good  day
@EETWiz that's great...i actually try to go every day but usually end up with 3 to 4 
Not awake.....not feeling good and def not amused with this day at all 
@amandaisaturd it's my day off too   
What a gorgeous day! ...to spend inside 
This day is shaping up to be soooo wonderful 
For a second day it's really chilly... 
bad day 
this day is passing so badly! 
Is it time for another day? 
i just hate this day 
@shilkytouch the little I saw was pretty good...but alas, been busy all day so have missed much 
Not slept yet, quite tired so should do so... except it's supposed to be a very nice day so I don't really want to 
@snowda my day was swamped 
had a bad day...  http://plurk.com/p/veysm
one more day 
not work all day  huray..
most stressful day ever 
Up too early on my day off 
Bad day 
Why is morning so early in the day 
having a sad day 
last day in the clinic 
A hard day for me 
as the day goes on i start to feel worse 
awee it's my last day everr in a uniformm 
I hate this day !! 
chem alllll day 
Showering then work another open to close day 
Last day with Goljan 
Is it just me or is this day going reeeeally slowly? 
reeeeeally doesnt want to work all day. 
I hate wakin up early on my day off 
has messed her day up already...stupid katelin 
i hope this day goes soo slowwww 
One of the worst day ... 
@margotrobbie Have you had a hard day? 
I'm missing the opening day of T09 
It's our last day. 
Starting out as a bad day already 
Working on my day off ... yay. 
Last day....  and  !!!!!!
@eatssparkles yeah she is new, its her last day tho 
I wish I could go to field day. 
It started out to be such a good day.... 
it's not taco day 
it was a difficult day 
Last day. 
Working all day  ughhh
Last day for @wanderingmeg at a&amp;g   We will miss you!!!
I am shocked and amazed, K&amp;J last day  listen now wgnradio.com We will miss you
 i hate you think you or talk you? i don`t like that !! now aunts b.day
What a beautiful day!  Too bad I work 
Last day of http://shootthebanker.com/ 
feeling very ill and angry.....not a good day 
not my b-day 
I am soooo tired. I did not have a good day 
not a wonderfull day as I expected to be 
I don't want this day to end yet 
ready for bed... long day to come 
had an almost perfect day. 
@comanchris yeah last day 
my day just keeps getting worse 
having a sucky day 
@nakiasmile I took the day off 
this day is so hard  i don't like it!
@apleaforblake that's every single day 
so tired. terrible day. ughhhh. 
i need you boy,i could'nt live a day without you.. aww! ~~` i miss one 
@benjaminluk Rough day 
another supeeerrr boring day!!!! 
So bored ... Wish it was 5.00 already. it's been such a slow day 
Because you said you weren't going to be there one day. 
It's officially moving day!   ...I hate moving day.  
tired  it was a good day
what a bad day 
Bad day, just got worse... 
@106jackfm I'm not that's why I'm sulking  not free all day 
 anticipating a tough day ahead
So damn tired! Another long day trw! 
Just wants to stay in bed all day but has to go to work instead  sux
Two day hangover 
@ApDiggles That was a horrible day. 
Such a nice day...and we're all working 
Why did I agree to work on this gorgeous day? 
What a bad day! 
lovely day and i have to work 
off to work again ... mercedez's last day 
@KillzoneDotCom  tis a sad day 
headache, headache, go away. come again another day.... 
Hiiiiii! I texted u the other day and u didn't respond  what's up with that?!
back to work tomoo  day 1 of 5 it will bee.
 bad day
off to work for the day 
not feelin 2day 
@ChrisEfs i tryed that the other day but they werent giving up what they were using! 
haven't tweeted in like a day.  so here goes...
@dawl83 how you get a day off and you still aint hit me.. Where is the lOVE? 
 this is a horrible day.
What a bad day 
having a bad day 
was so excited to eat the wartermelon i bought the other day and it was terrible and not sweet 
having bad day 
It's a nice day and I stuck inside!!  
I just want this whole day to hurry up, 
@SlamboOutchea This is not my day 
@AdotEVANS im having a bad day 
ughhhh.... sad day. 
@BeautifulMarcy lol nttn much juss mad that its been raining all day, and to add to that i dnt think u following me.. 
wtf come i need this day to go by 
Hoping the day gets better now 
this day has beasted me. 
I'm boredddd. The day has gone quick  I don't like it!
@jordanknight all is quiet in twitterland 2day. 
It wasn't a good day .. 
@nzbeks word......funeral....just had one 2day 
my day has been so crappy that i just want to cry. 
@valerierenee  are you having a bad day?
@PhillyD i wish i could be there!! too much going on.  sad day
@colinmoge  the one day I need to work
been working all day, finally relaxing!! i miss you 
such a terrible day  only six now...
is having a rough day 
@nopemelinda i miss you so much  we have got to hang on your next day off
@19fischi75 a day without u..... 
The day is going very bad. 
long day...still confused...ugh... 
exhausting day 
grabup.com has been unreachable all day 
Long day.  
@vexxedmentals I don't know. I lost you one day.  but Hiiiiiiiii! &lt;3 
@tommcfly that's pretty sad!  How was your day ?
Saterday is going to be a busy day. 
 had a not so good day. . . but I have faith
Best day and worst 
its been such a long day and i'm still not asleep yet.. 
its such a beautiful day and its so bad i have to go to work 
is having a bad day 
Really really doesn't want to go to work on this glorious day 
???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????It's definitely not my day! 
So tired, going to be a long day 
cannot believe i have got to revise on  a day like this! 
preparing for LOOOOOOONGGG working day 
going to work on a glorious day. so not fair. 
i had the worst day 
So sad that I'll be working on this insanely gorgeous day. 
says it's a nice day... to do gardening 
gorgeous day again and have to work 
Ugh. I hate this day. :| I think I'm sick. 
I'm so annoyed I have to work on the hottest day ever!! 
working all day 
such a lovely day but I am now so tired and have to rest 
Blahhhhh another day of retail 
one more day..... 
is having a  day
Off to work..on such a nice day 
@amp451 feeling lovely, day is sunny ... if only i didn't have to study  *sigh*
working 9 -5 on a day like this is not cool 
is sad this is her last day 
@HeartMileyCyrus what? are you having a bad day or what? i'd help you but i dont know how. sorry? 
What a beautiful day... to be working 
Blahhh, just waking up, wish I could sleep all day 
last day here 
bad day 
mommy is acting very weird this whole day 
is not having a good day 
Wondering where the day has disappeared to?!? 
is jus waking up. I wish I could sleep all day 
@sophieholly i feel bad for you babba having to work when its such a gorgeous day  *huggles*. oosh im annoyed dickhead is living up to it
What's one more day? 
Is going to work..sad day 
boring day 
this is the wrose day ever 
I'm tired! I think I could seriously sleep all day long. 
goodmorning..such a ugly day out 
Last day 
so you wouldnt know it by looking (   )but i spent the whole day cleaning and now i'm tired... waiting for kenzie to come over.
@caitysnow, I tried it and it didn't work  sad day
Still working, still sick. This day isnt getting any better.  
Ugh. I hate not being able to enjoy a nice day. 
Bad day 
@RagingBitch It really sucks much more! I missed you at mtp all day too  It was a stupid day a really stupid one!
Another ordinary day... I'm not good... I think I'm upset 
ahh..i feel like ive wasted this great day 
@sofiesunshine its so annoying isnt it?! ive been trying to change it all day 
is sick and bored...really bad day to be me 
@Keyknow one more day 
studying aLLLLL day 
Struggling....all day 
@burchama aw, that's the day I move  we'll have to hang before then
Bad day 
i hate sleeping all day on my day off.  i feel like ive wasted my day. 
Having an awfully painful day! 
I was thinking 2day would be awesome 
that ish real messed up my day. 
really sick, such a miserable day! 
@LadyNapkin I've been like that all day!  I don't quite know what to do with myself.
Last day of W.o.W. for awhile... I is sad. 
Disappointed that offspring is coming the day before my final 
@landofdreamers I had to work all day and missed it 
I just woke up on the couch.  i have totally pissed this day away.  
I am not going out tonight.  sad day
I've been so nauseous all day long 
 not having a good day
It's been a long day...and I slept through most of it. 
Bad day 
@IamMrBloom  well hopefully one day soon
@Listersmate i stepped in one of those the other day. i went   
had a bad day 
I dont want this day to end! 
what a great day...i dont want it to end 
last day off 
is not feelin well. hmm raiiiiiny day! argggh! 
@alliecine @kimberlyprendez @robgokeemusic are the 3 of you hanging out without me  sad day!!
Wishing that I didn't have to work all day 
Family day 
i feel bad for not tweeeting all day 
bad day 
@graphiclucidity it really is. obviously, I love it. it'll be a dark day if it does go off air. 
Another beautiful day and another day I'll be inside studying 
This day is so boring. 
 bad day already
noooooooooooooo only 1 day left 
I want to cry, all day  
Ahh i should be outside, i'm missing another beautiful day  So much coding to be done.
not a good day 
Last day in liverpuddle! 
@peanutgnome he loves me very much. He just works too much.  I hope you have a great day, too
off to work on this beautiful day 
i want to rewind to yesterdayyyyyyyyyyy it was such a good day and now it's over 
experienced toothache d whole day 
my day is only half over.  sad.
@SuzyJHooker pepto x 10 it's been going on for over a day 
all day long, all day long 
- I want to stay in bed all day!  
Such a gorgeous day and i have to work 
Ugh.. Another long drive later 2day 
This is not the day to b running late 
@lizzieeeh i know !!  &amp;its such a nice day too 
We r leaving 2day  I don't want 2 go home!
Last full day... 
This is going to be a long day 
Studying all day!! 
Ahhh fuck, I slept for pretty much the whole day 
Last day of may 
fat day. fat day. fat day. 
@laborracha ahh jealous. One day i'll be old enough 
i am sooo sick on this beautiful day  [MissK]
Ive been working all day 
having a bad day 
@Randomnimities   *huggles* no day can last forever xx
 I am still upset and now I don't feel good. What a good day.
i feel like sleeping in all day, but cant 
@wisequark you *must* cook for us one day 
Having an extremely rough day 
horrible day. i just can't believe he's gone... i will miss him SO much... 
Such a beautiful day to be cooped up inside 
had a tough day 
@carlysialevert heyy ! what r u up to?!! you called me the other day i txtd u bk but u nvr replied! 
@reankell don't rub it in!  I wish i could have stayed in bed all day!  
What a day 
A nice day is ending sadly. 
@Senaida I work all day 
haven't seen @triishh all day 
bad day 
Hohum pigsbum. This is supposed to be my day off but it turns out I have to work after all 
this day is not a good day for me 
studying all day 
Its a nice day outside but I don't want to go outside. 
@Brittanyzor sad day 
funeral all day 
@AreonLee yes,I've been ill all day 
I'm not having a good day so far. 
@RedRoomWolf are u talking about fenway?! it POURED when he was at darien the other day 
I dnt knw why, but I'm pretty pessimist bout 2day 
great, what an ugly day ! 
@cheblack my next day off is saturday 
ah i am having a really bad day 
One more day off then back to work 
Bad day. 
is studied all day 
Live this day as if it were your last.IT MIGHT BE 
what a day.. 
Just going to put it out there and say that I cant be arsed 2day  its too nice to be working and I an fed up...oh well..
@MandyAlwaysKnws  sad day.
Could stay in bed all day, but then work won't get done 
Has 1 day left being 21  but im off 2 haven 4 the day
Such a great day and now got to spoil it by going to work 
my day is already starting 
@aussieboby wow .. that's a long day 
I slept all day  So unproductive.
Last day before I go back to work so I'll mainly be washing and ironing 
@laraadvincula i was absent on the last day. 
Is waiting patiently for this day to be over 
What a loooong day...and it 's not yet over. 
o its a bad day 
it was a not so beautiful day for me... 
sad day for @wearebombadil 
grmbl, that really fucked up my day 
It's only 10am, and it's already a really bad day 
Last day 
babysittin  on a day like this? SHITE
3 day weekend over 
How I wish I could turn myself invisible, just for a day..... 
@johndrinkwater 25 here most of the day 
Working on a beautiful day... boo! 
Long and boring day already 
@0001t speaking of bright...what an overcast day 
isn't having as good a day as normally so because it's poo out 
Bad day 
Lovely day, back to work tomorrw thou 
this day is so long 
@kingofkrump traffic can mess up the best day.. 
I want 2 go back 2 bed! It's only 10 am &amp; my day has gone bad 
@mileycyrus I've felt like that all day. 
ugh.... already this day sucks! 
The ONE day i get to lay out, it's not even that sunny! 
It has been 1 day since he left. I do not think I can handel this 
Having a pretty shitty day. 
probably my last day working at @bigbearcafe  how sad
what a day..... i'm pretty bored. 
Ugh having a bad day! 
Despite doing well on my final, I'm having a pretty bad day. 
boring day... 
Its been a bad day.. 
I am starving! i have been hungry all day 
Bad day... 
@OhBlee Nawwwww!  I would love to be surprised with a cat one day, but I doubt it will happen! 
1 day to go 
wow what a horrible day... 
@mebebree wow harsh. I had the worst day too omg I needed you 
Bad day. 
Having a bad day 
Wow this has not been a good day 
What an awful day 
I am feeling a little quesy all day 
@charlotteisi Why did you have a craptacular day? 
 bad day
ugh bad day 
a whole day with him is still not enough 
@chofman only for a day 
I can't believe Ian is gone. I knew it would be a bad day. 
my day was horrible!!!!! 
so over this day 
Feeling like this day was totally wasted 
Literally from one day to the next.... 
@KristinFOD ok, so what did you do??/ I tried refreshing.... not working.... this is not my day.... 
where has everyone been all day? 
bored with absolutely nothing 2 do.... this rly isnt a good day for me 
@PhaseBurn I wish you really could. I've been trying to rub it all day, and all I've done is make it worse lol. 
@AlexAllTimeLow I had a bad day 
is not having a good day 
@zombieboi I don't like barely talking to you during the day. 
@TaylorMB sad day  what are you seeing?
@gryffindorgal87 Awwww   But but but we're going to spend a day in Knightsennnn
is done trying.  rough day.
@DJJUS  sorry i 4got 2 call u back had a long exhusting day
@PhunkyPrincess it's going too fast!!! The first day is done already! 
missing the old day! 
last day 
i have had a rough day 
It's been a long day, though I'm not really sure why. I guess because I've been away from @nypudge for most of it. That's just sad. 
been eating all day and I'm still starving... 
isnt ready for his day off to be over  ~CricKeT~
What an insanely busy day! I'm not tired though 
one more day with @stacikazuko 
Another gorgeous day I'm going to ruin by being totally out of it 
This isn't my best day, damn i want to sleeeeep 
having officially the worst day 
last day here 
I've wasted the whole day now. Lovely. I really wanted to write. 
Studying. But it's a beautiful day outside 
is having a really bad day!!!! 
had a very bad day 
this is such a bad day 
@mirra_photo how i wish i was  one day when i'm big though!
beautiful day to bad I have to work 
@PoetressFloetic You can't get a day off  ?
@jsinkeywest bad day already... 
it is too nice a day to be working 
Signing Out. So tired  whattah day
is having a fat day 
a whole day of studying 
 y is it I can't sleep in on my day off?
is cleaning all day long 
What a day it has been, just starting but i miss you 
it's such a sad day for bandom 
is sick..and has to work .. what a horrible day 
boring day 
off day!! 
it's not a good day for me to be outside... 
bad day 
Thosewere my plansfor the day. What todo now? 
Last day of French  sadddddd D;
Rough day.  
@10bagspacking  It sounds like you are having a rough day!
@Tmason47 wow...you're day sucked. I'm sorry 
just finished my last day interning.  so bittersweet.
@MizorMice ahhh bad day  *hugss*
hasn't stopped sneezing all day 
had such a boringg day 
 I want a regular day
did not  have a good day    .......  HOW about you
soooooo @dreana hasn't tweeted me all day  ....
one more day 
sleeping. I'm missing my new bfff  but I'll watch it tmrw. it's been a rough day and I'm so tired.
My Grandmadre greatly enjoyed her special day. I need to take her out more before she's gone 
Last day at ScreenwritingIndia 
@FuturePurfect How sad is it that = a good day. 
having a bad day 
a day to erase... 
Bad day 
saaaaad day 
Not a great day 
it has been a very long lonely day 
Begining the day 
@lionvenom greeeeen day... 
@planetsang day off? wow! 
headache, all day 
The day just seems 2 be going from bad to worse 
@_xbianca i know  he spoilt my day,
what a nice day but i dont want to go out 
To nice a day to paint 
is off to work for the day. 
i hate this day! 
i hate this day! 
I have worked one day... just one and I'm already dreading going back 
i feel terribly exhausted and this is only day 3 
7:30 came too early   but i'm up now and it's going to be a beauitful day!
... if you have a bad day 
is having such a bad day already 
babysitting  alllllll day. 
stupid day 
Last day of E3 
It's a sad day 
@macroguru very sad day 
is not very calm and is getting more stressed as the day goes on 
not as sunny 2day 
@92carina  Its just been one day, And I already miss it .. -.-
livenation knows how to ruin my day 
looooong day ahead 
i have to clean pretty much all day.. 
The day is going so slow 
Awfully hot day coming up... 
funny day with @kirstylaa i fell sick now though 
really upset 2day  
up and ready for day 3 yay!!  buuut i'm SO tired!!  waaaa!!
bad day 
is it 7:45 yet.........its going to be a long day 
having a bad day so far 
@Jonasbrothers i have to work.  i'm sooo upset. reply back to me? make my day!
I'm so hoping for a better day... 
last day to work. That's really crazy and weird. 
@anamolly I wish my day were like that...I'm having such an awful day! 
Having a rough day. 
@AWDawno It was a sad day when they closed. 
reaaaaaly gray day 
One more day and I still don't know what to say 
Disappointing day 
What a day!! If only it could last longer eh?? 
back from carlisle so tired  good day though 
Is not having a very good day 
@Mindzb sad. i got rid of laundryview the other day.  
not a good day 
is so not havin a great day 
stormy day..... 
working on my day off 
Its been a loooooooong day .. still working 
another pretty day. but still jobless. 
slept my day away 
I missed national doughnut day 
Has developed a very nasty cough in the past day 
bad day 
what a ugly day 
@JenJelly85 I'm having a horrible day.  You?
Is not having a good day.. 
Is having a really shite day 
crying some more.  rough day 
what a stinky day 
had a looooong day &amp; it's about to get even longer. 
@sarahmichelexo why are you having a sad day? 
@djpacd Ah, I have a 4 day workend 
@smile4mepatty  That's exactly why I can't be on it during the day 
What a snooozy day. 
because its national doughnut day! i wish i had one 
@nursedoublek pfff ! I'm sorry ! It's not your lucky day as i can see!  It never happened to me and i love to tan!
Its only been one day but ive missed you guys already 
working  and making it by every day
this has not been the best day 
This day is going to be long 
Bad day. 
@VictoriaAllure hello to u too  how was your day?
@gigiamk30  No he hasn't twitted all day..I miss him  @jordanknight
I've been drinking all day &amp; I'm still sober. This is unfortunate. 
A very sad day 
@ianthom  i wish i had made it out tonight.  one day i promise!
Bad day 
A truly fantastic day...but now I can't sleep 
I have been without internet for most of the day, so I haven't been able to tweeeeet. 
Ughhhh   horrible &amp; ugly day
Has work been cancelled for the day??? As I appear to be all alone 
this day could be monochrome day! Totally bored! 
sad just sad day. 
my relavtives comming soon, i can't be online so much this day 
It's such a grey day 
Laying on bed almost all day 
@btocher I'm working all day 
not having the best day 
have a bad day 
Why am I wide awake on the one day I'm allowed to sleep in?? 
doesn't like this day 
having the worst day ever!! 
I am up but not really ready for the day yet. 
Its going to be a long day. 
ugh my day is pretty much ruined. 
I hate this day already! 
i assigned myself to study the whole day but i keep getting majorly distracted 
early early starting day  i wanted to sleeeeep
sickkk  not getting out of bed all day
some1 love me 2day... 
working on a beautiful day 
@blackmix i hope at least its a good long day 
studying all day 
I wanted to go so badly.    I fully intend to whine about this at least all day.
going to bed now... i have rsi from photographing all day 
what a nice day outside !  unfortunately i have to work 1-9 
@andyclemmensen i heard if you drink too many of those in one day, you can die 
its a relly boring day   nony i misse u :&quot;(
not my day 
is ironing . . .  . . . on this beautiful day . . . 
Unsucessful day shopping 
Having a very bad day... 
It's too nice of a day to be working.... 
Having an awful day 
had the worssst day and is totally depressed 
why is the last day it's now all sunny?!   i feel cheated
it's a beautiful day and I feel sick. 
Another beautiful day &amp; I have to go to work 
bad day... I love you mishu 
wat a day it is 
2day in not my day 
D-day... 
@wahseiluj awh.  one day...
I Hate  moving day 
going to work on this gorgeous day 
Cleaning day .. boo!  
this day sucks 
i rember the day so clearly 
Finally got dressed now im off to work on such a beautiful day 
@ayanojennifer are u alive? We haven't heard from you in over a day. 
http://twitpic.com/6rnu1 This day just keeps getting better 
was having a good day by now isn't so great 
 that describes my day!
is going to be studying all day for her spanish final 
isnt feeling very awesome  &amp; has to work all day
 its a sad lonley day
wishin the day was almost over its not been a good one 
i almost forgot! it's d day  makes me so sadd.
July 3rd, 2007, take me back to that day 
missed national doughnut day. gutted? 
@HollieSSargeant I dnt know. I was 30th for the day 
@Dharmalars  goodbye, a sad day
last day. 
@SMileJewelle so i see...a very off day 
a real bad day for me.. 
@secondpower You haven't tweeted all day. What's up with that?! 
misssed doughnut day 
Bad day 
@Absquatulation I know , it ruined my day 
Studying all day  not fun
- having a bad day ! 
isnt a good day 
@corlice i wish i knew  i just discovered it the other day.
@iamDRiiCH Some of us had to work allllllll day 
ouvindo a day to remember, to morrendo de sono 
I soo wanted to go out tonight this is not my day 
This day is all messed up 
has had an awful day 
@erinshorn lol, $15 a day. 
@susiebumbee aww.  sad day.    I would hang out with you, but that would require me getting dressed.
@mattsmack37 I won't be there that day! 
@kaylacollins I totally did that the other day!! it stings 
i'm wondering why @noahmcclain hasn't texted me back all day. i miss him 
i miss @Radollashpc..i havent talked too him allll day 
tyty. sleeeps. then hopefully studying all day tmw. 
Bracing myself for a long n tiring day 
What a horrible day 
i really would like a whole day where i dont think about h.w and i dont have nething due. 
Tomarrow is the day! 
i havent been on in a day 
really dull day... 
I can't believe I spent all day working.  To be honest I'm kind of glad the day is over with. Weekends...
i am so unkeen on this day 
Trish - a day that goes by without speaking with Trish just feels so unfulfilling! 
@jessaford  you don't deserve to be sad on your day!
If you heard about my day, maybe you'd cry too. 
It's going to be a long day 
Going to enjoy my last day as best i can 
still so sad after this day 
@vivianachi have a bad day 
bad day. 
heading to work to pretend to not be hungover for the day 
another lovely day outside 
I miss @glasgirl - I never really noticed before that I talk to her nearly every day 
considering what to do with my day. scanning is not going well 
when i woke up i thought it will be a hot day so i can go swimming but now it turned really cloudy 
Is havin a stressed out day 
I just hate this day 
i feel sad 2day 
Going to my grammas all day. Yay 
@BlowhornOz so i must learn again...unhappily  have a nice day!!!
Working again on a beautiful day 
studying all day 
Last day 
a day that i didn think would end like this... 
I have to work pretty much all day 
@scottcrazyfresh I hate sleeping in too much and missing out on all that day. 
Studying all day even though it's beautiful out 
its a beautiful day i wish i didnt have to work all day  
studying all day 
@zoerex no good! i hope you have a day or two off to make up for it 
So tired  this is soo not my day ...ahh =/
@freeandflawed No, unfortunately that day is no good for me.  
starting me first day of being laid off! 
Feeling yucky on this beautiful day. 
This day has started off craptastic 
Not having a great day so far 
here comes the long day. boo 
with kelseyy for the day... I don't want to go to cheer later 
about to go to work all day 
@xJoWellsx you can come down tomorow. I will be dere everybloody day. Lol 
@wickedground I know  so sad. I hope he's had a good day though, totally deserves it.
had a very depressing day at the hospital 
@LucasCruikshank i know tell me about it its been raining all day here 
@ltrujillo83 Having a good day so far. I am fighting off a cold. 
this is a sucky day 
Working all day  damn
I'm having a very bad day 
is having an icky day 
cannot believe that she has wasted a whole day 
@NathalieCaron have a great day! we'll miss you 
 another early day
@Momspective  you still coming here mid-day?
is having a day 
@kakatrina I'm working on my day off. 
I miss twittering all day 
day 12, will be a bad day. 
@Amydouk I want a bed day! 
what a beautiful day and I'm too busy to enjoy it.   hurumf.
the day went away soo fast 
What a sad day 
last day 
@bigced heeey I wanted to c it 2day 2.... 
Last day 
having a bad day 
a good day has officially been ruined 
It's rainy day 
@daisyrjordan are you anxious? when a big day is coming, i can't sleep and i can't breath . 
bad day 
Laying around. What a day! 
yay heatings on!! been cold allllllllllll day!! 
@gregina I would say it is a pretty bad day for him. He is getting fixed. 
supeeeer boring day! 
@MrFettuccine One day it stopped working 
my last day 
@cmsimike just a rough day 
@xcubanphantomx haven't heard from u all day 
@amazingphoebe never fat and ugly day for you 
@lukefearssatan he'll reply back one day 
my b-day is over  
Wish i had the day off 2day....... 
@HarryHarley Wow!! why such a long day for you? 
What a hard day  SEMANGGGAAATTTTT !!!!!!!!!!
@buddhaqueen077    this is just not your day
planning her day! its almost over 
Is on day off and bored already!! This is not good 
didn't come  sorry honeyyyy, but annother day will be okay.. hmmm dizzing yaaa!
what a first day? 
had a bad day 
It is not sunny day 
last day of chillaxation 
The day could not have gotten worse 
tiring first day! 
hectic day 
bad day 
not REALLY meant to be. :| hate this day so much. 
Not so sunny day 
Babysitini all day 
feeling v fed up 2day 
I woke up at 830 on my only day off 
One more day 
why do i have to be inside on such a nice day? 
another day 
@deanana i'm in but i work all day 
having a really bad day. 
another day 
is working. all day. 10:30-7. 
soo bad this day. . 
every single day is just the same 
going 2 be a long day 
@JulioXAloud negativo...I'm sooo not ready 4 thursday. I'm basically just starting 2day 
 what a day...
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/7gowf - you look so great :x I hope one day you`ll come to romania  love you guys so much :x
Having a bad day 
horrible IT day 
Last dylon day 
So tired. I wish I had one more day to sleep.  
can has work ALLLL day 
bout to go to work. on my day off 
What a yucky day to come ... 
Is having a day! 
But i feel like that day will never come 
not productive day. 
I'm up but I don't want this day to start... It's only going to make me sad 
Why is this day taking so long 
it is raining al day long 
Bad day 
Bad day 
is not having a great day 
That just ruined my day... 
cleaning 2day all day 
Ugh bball all day 
Of to work, going to be a very sad day 
@hmazzaglia I'm sorry you're having a bad day 
Not doin so grate akshully. I has very hard day 
@whattheforks  I certainly would be if i wasn't stuck packing all day  ugh
@yelyahwilliams No I don't blame you. I woke up at 12:30, but I don't have the day off 
a new day.. hopefully its a good one... i miss him 
the day has flown by and I have fallen behind 
is having a bad day already  but trying to think positive!
going to work on such a pretty day 
@technogiant I am so having a bad day 
@amlemus won't be able to make it tonight  right knee is bothering me so taking a day off...
Rough day! 
its been a bad day 
This has been a horrible day 
@MiguelSeagull i've been in a panic all day 
@a_mccaskill are you kidding me?? It feels like this day is never going to end 
very sad day 
@TheFitShack  I did let it be.... all  the day i let it be....  
@TarynRevak I was soo sad all day long, I had to work too 
sooo tired!! and we're nowhere near finished for the day yet 
bad day ! 
Having a very bad day! 
@BrianaHarley sad day! 
@TeriBeau I just wish that day could hurry up and come already! 
@saraharringtonx i havent talked to you in a day. i is sad 
I love how I still haven't had a day yet that I got to sleep in 
sad day i miss going out to bar 11 
My day has officially been ruined 
says still a 'mask day' for all of us  http://plurk.com/p/117d50
has been running around all day.. and the day isnt even over yet 
@stellervelocity I'm sorry it's not your day. 
@jaelau no  i really want to. what day is it on again?
i feel like i haven't twittered all day. 
The most overwhelming day ever 
  fucking day fucking day !!!!
I've had such a horrible day 
going to bed since i wake up at 440 every day. 
@kaydayy awwww the day I work you're free 
there is not enough time in the day... 
is not feeling good at all  Recoop day!
Bad day 
@endlessblush another bad day?!?! 
has a whole day ahead of him. I want my bed. 
had a longggg day 
Bad day! 
@Hinkybinks shit is that the topic of the day I was thinkin that all day. 
@mellisalamay I'm in kentucky. it was supposed to rain like all day but it didnt.. 
i cant believe i woke up at half past seven on my only day off.... 
extremely hot and long day... 
is not feelin to 2 gud 2day 
every day is just the same for me now.. 
@tmowoe aww... tnk u!sadly, my day wasn't as nyc... 
bad day? 
has nothin' good to do all day.. 
Why am I stuck inside on such a lovely day?  #DavidArchie
its a nice day, why do i have to go to work!! 
@Ceridwyn2 i slept much of the day.  notalia day, so it's quiet around here.
@sssshenin naaaaaw. have a bad day? 
is very tired on her first day. 
I want to sleep the whole day! 
One more day and I will be 45 
I hate waking up and wondering what day it is.... 
 that was not the best day 
not a good day for me! 
i'm in for a rough day 
is having a fat day 
Working another long day is ahead 
is ironing on her day off 
starting the sizzling day early!  
2day started off soooo Bad!! 
@PaulBrodersen one more day.  
@StaceyArielle so i take it u won't be here 2day!!! 
my day is dragging 
@JKWallace not well 2day. 
Such a slow day, 
working all day 
had a bad day 
@MissVannette o...well when you coming back? I wanted another day off myself 
Wow, this day is draggggggggggging! 
having a fat day 
leaving for my last day 
@CameronTitus  its not workin 4 me lawd 2day!
not a sunny day 
@Tammygirl01 bored.. u had a bad day 
Such a bad day 
Longgg day 
#Iranelection I am feeling increasingly helpless as the day goes on. 
having a bad day 
@shellmccready nope, just the day before i think  lol
loooooong day... and it's not even close to finish yet 
I hate it here it`s raining all day 
Wanting to sleep after a long day working 
Aw last day! 
what a day 
i'm having such a bad day 
@debbiesnax it'll be during the day 
It's going to be a long day 
maybe this is going to be a not so good day 
 so far not such a good day
Not a very nice day 
it is only one more day away, yet I have this feeling it's not going to go as smooth as it should. 
Feeling terrible. Why isn't the day over yet? 
a good day just became a bad day 
Having a really shitty day 
... not having such a good day 
@bossgirrl sad day 
1/4! what a beautiful day out, too bad i have to work 
This is not my most favorite day I've ever had 
@MarketersVA  sorry you're having a bad day.
loved having the day off..but I was completely lazy most of the day 
i feel sick  I hate being in bed all day
@dgranger33 raining all day 
   bad day.
is ewwwwwwwww awfulhorrilbenogooddisgusting day. 
@mariahcee  sad day
@RockinMileyFans  dont let it fade away!!!!!!!!!!! so how r u 2day?
@ellencrimitrent Seems like your day has been pretty crappy 
Long hard day. 
@nursemom90 I know I've been crying all day too 
Bad day 
I wish I knew what day... 
going to bed after a not so productive day 
Never thought I would make it thru this day 
homee ; bad day 
Having a bad day 
Bad day and traffic to top it all off 
I am now officially scooter-less   I'm already looking forward to the day I get another one...
@meadowlea &lt;3 why was ur day 
is expecting another 'hot' day.  
why is it so hard? i hate this day 
Aggggrr i couldnt sleep at all  and i have a really bussy day :.(
It's been one whole day here without you... 
@CynthiaBuroughs damn. I'm getting older every day. 
is not really having a good day.. 
I want to shower all day long 
I think I should not have slept all day... I was sooo exhausted though 
@pnkflmngokait not yet, they are saying later on in the day 
bad bad day 
wishin a was stil in bed.such a rubish day outside 
Long day ahead 
last day on cikini 
is bored of the day already  and its not even 10 o'clock
It's going to be a long day!!! 
preparing for another working day! 
Oh no, I've missed one day of #SQUARESPACE 
What a miserable day 
is not feeling the day 
not havin a good day. 
I really have a really bad day!!! 
@thechannelc I've been waiting the whole day 
@ChristopherLane they all do now - they delayed it by a day 
@Antiquebasket I have to go to work for 1/2 day then grocery shopping 
lastt day  teext
Morning! Long day ahead...not looking forward 2 it. 
tired. tired. tired. ...and i just woke up for the day 
just got up! looking outside it's going to be raining all day 
It's such a nice day n too sick to enjoy it 
another day 
Ugh i can barely breathe and its only 8:45 in the morninggg  lonng longg day ahead (i predict)
So tired and in so much pain, really don't want to work all day 
Still not having a good day!!  
@JamesUK2009 Aww sounds like a great day  boo hiss lol
what a day...and it hasn't ended. 
its been a busy day. 
@designmilk It can't come soon enough! Annoyed we have to wait half the day for it though 
its just not a good day and its only 10:15. 
is having a bad day :O 
last full day 
@naldzgraphics they suck. i found 20 following me the other day. 
still feeling pretty ill :'( i hoped it wouldn't last all day but it has 
Ugh. What an ugly day. 
I didn't ate all day and i'm not hungry at all. I think it's because of the cough 
Y is 2day going by so slow 
off to slave the day away.  ugh.  
i don't have anymoney for d-day  i hate that.
Packing day !! 
such a bad day 
having a rubbish day 
@GeorginaTweets np (: and why has it been the worst day ever? 
liiife, is getting harder day by day, and I dont know what to do, whaaat to say (8) not alone me deprime  e
this day is going to be horrible, i already feel it 
learning all day 
bad day so far. 
@spphotoart i know. it seriously has impacted my day... greatly... 
@ladygee22208 grl my day is painful 
Having a bad day!!!!! 
having a not so good day. 
It was a hard day 
Is having a bad day 
it is a brutal day, not very productive and not very much to be productive for 
In so much pain all day... 
My day off is over... 
ughhhhh  starving. stupid day.
I'm going coo coo!!  Have had a long day 
@ToriWharton sad day 
not a good day  i just want to be happy.
This day blows 
It's been raining and storming here all day 
Having a really bad day and its only 9.39am 
this day turned out horrible. 
Bad day  again...
@itscalum010 you really are having a bad day  awhh!!!
Not a very productive day 
@CalebFTSK i'm up for it! i've been studying all day 
My tweetdeck is not working  worst day ever
@RandiMerritt why a bad day? 
bad day 
Long day and still goin 
@Mamahug well he has the day off, but he didnt spend it with me haha.  I just have to actually work during the day now  
ah another bad day. I hella miss you though. 
bad day 
bad day 
I have been sick in bed all day 
@henriquearroba  how was your day?? i miss you 
It's not my day 
tiring day 
@KooKooKangaRoo I was going to come out for that but I have a wedding to go to that day. 
@Roorback i'm sorry you had a bad day.  
@leslerrrs93 It was just a bad day xD I'm sorry you didn't get to hang out 
http://twitpic.com/7oiqc - last day 
What a terrible day. 
@r_p_m Also, I'm sorry you had a bad day 
@MdotFresco sorry been working all day 
Not such a good day  Wish it were better
@Mistyconn dunno been like this al day 
wondering why she mad i miss her so much and its only been a day 
@JoleneGolightly whoa how scary! I'm sorry you had such a rough day! 
I hate thusdays it's back 2 work day for me 
Another day 
@dsthestar1121 shit same here! It was a long day 
has such a long day ahead of her 
@BeckyKingston I know, I keep thinking it's one day ahead... When it's not 
@LadiPurpz I miss u 2 day 
@cuttac  dang.lol that's the only day you gone be here?
@JullyBlack Lol I can't sleep   Y r u still up?! U had a long day
What a borin day 
@lonelyrose11 how was your day with kamiru? i guess both of you went to U.P. 
is having a bad day too.. 
@AbbeLovesYou haha. I have to babysit all day 
last day being 20 
boring day.. it's not funny at all.. i don't like meagstore.. 
I am going to be up all day long. 
is wondering where his day went 
Another slow day 
working on this beautiful day 
I have a feeling it's going to be a baaaaaad day 
just woke up can't wait for the day to start yayyyy   
another rainny day here... 
it's going to rain all day here 
glooooomy day 
Babysitting all day  so tired
@MuertenTheSNW yes but not getting paid for this day off 
Working all day long.... 
Kecewa by the day 
I'm really confused right about now.  So far, it's not been a good day for me.  
I'm having a bad day 
Watching XXXHOLiC and trying to have a good day, not happening so far 
Another loooonnnggg day 
having the worst day 
not having a good day- 
My day off and all I wanted to do is sleep in...but I can't sleep! 
is old and can't party and work the next day 
A very uneventful day for me! Now I have to go to work  I'd rather continue with the uneventfulness...
having a rough day 
this is going to be a looong day! 
I had a fat day. 
Long day is long. I am droswy 
I picked an awfully gray day to have off 
well the day was looking up...not so much anymore 
This day sucks 
This is the most boring day everrrrrrr 
horrible day, r.i.p. jamie, i miss you 
had the shittest day EVER! really need some cheering up. 
What a long day ahead! 
last day 
having a bad day, I feel so upset with him, but I just didn't want to show it 
@tatianalovesAAR Ugh I was able to watch the one with the veronicas the other day.  Now I need to see it hahaha,
@ArielLazarus it's a bad day all over 
I am having a horrible day 
Has had the most awful day 
having the worst day... and it hasn't even rained 
Is pigging out. What a miserable day 
 just not having a good day
I need a personal day. 
having an horrible day 
Has been in bed all day...still don't feel good 
Wish I was having a better day!!! 
This is the longest day ever. 
What a day. 
has a day left to walk 
That bored that this my day 
bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad day. 
Having a fat day 
having a pretty bad day 
@rachaelsayshey oh no  well my day wasn't THAT bad
my day is going SOOOOOOOO slow 
Another day with #squarespace ...I probably won't win. 
@iamra I'm working all day. 
We lost  . what a day.
not a good day 
@_hayles Hey hun .. You loose a day coming back 
@briannaaax I was playing all day. 
has had a loooooooonnnngggg day 
ahhh.. hangedover i feel so sick! in bed all day wrost feeling ever!  
All day i've felt like I'm going to vomit 
@MeghanMaxwell wait... tonite ? or like another day 
It's been a bad day 
Is kinda having a bad day. 
bad day 
I havent eaten all day 
wow had a rough day 
just had a really tiring day 
last day 
I am having a terrible day. 
@rockwiththebest I sure am.  I've been in bed ALL day 
what a long day 
just one boring day 
not my day 
Studying all day 
what a bad day 
Poof! And @HippieNerd day is over 
@ekoprasetio what, you can't connect yahoo  this is going to be a bad day 
I think he's mad at me. He's been ignoring me all day. I don't know what I did, though. 
Wow it was raining all day!! I'm sick of it! 
@roxyudub I'm working during the day 
that day! bored 
Tired from a long day 
Only one more day left. 
Finally home...it's been a long day...and not such a good one either 
its a sad day when you run dry 
One day I will have a trending topic.  I don't think #epicmeat or #jergensmaterial will work.
@freitasm could you add me. I have been offline all day and missed out 
Messed up day 
wishing this day would be over ...... all I want to do is go home and sleep 
So glad this day is over. 
Hot day 
he's just not that into you  ugh.. one day we will be !
@IfThisIsHate ~ i'm sorry.  it'll get better. just take it day by day. you called shon i imagine?
What short day off! I'm really bummed about that. 
#inaperfectworld  @Jonotorious and @que_day26 really would be married  lol
@studiowalu first day back, already spent too much shopping 
@peterfacinelli wow you had a pretty shit day 
@macNC40 me too  long day too
is fricken bored i slept all day todayyy 
@PlanetLandon that's the day I leave. 
off now, last day  I don't want to leave them xx
last day @shootingstarpr 
last day in firenzeee 
yet another really bad day 
day 2 of not being able to sleep 
It's the dreaded two day hangover 
last day as a juniooor 
Bad day 
last day of juniorr yearr ..... beckys going to turkey until she's 40 
Last day 
not a good day 
Finding myself working again on what is supposed to be my day off. 
It's going to be a long day 
Going to work  going to be along day
Having a hard day 
Ugh another day of this! 
cleaning all day 
Last day in Charelston 
Another day of babysiteing!!!! 
Having a bad day already....  
Last day. So sad. 
Last day. Why is it raining? I hope it stops by 6. 
Going to victoria for the day.  so boring.
I'm ready for my day to be done!  http://myloc.me/4rV2
Having a really bad and depressing day 
Is looking forward to seeing @swirlostar ... I miss you and I just had the worst day!!! 
gloomy day 
I am having a very grumpy day off. 
I'm officially having the worst day ever 
@mgfilion my day is a little sucktacular as well 
@amymthomas That is really sad. You didn't bring me any the other day though 
Working all day 
I wish tiger wasn't done for the day... 
srsly i hate sleeping the day away 
@LeslieRoark no niceville but yes headed there but have to go back to work  should have just took the day off!
I'm not having a good day 
is sick on a beautiful day 
Cleaning all day long 
I have to admit........I'm having a pretty shitty day 
has had a very crappy day 
it's Naynay's last day 
is not having a good day 
Long day is looooooooooong.  
This day started too early 
been painting all day 
Its not a good day  I'm trying though...
Missing my day 
Wow it's been a bad day 
gloomy day 
sad day for F1 
its pouringgg   summerr day ruined.
Is not having a good day 
@offxthexwall13 I can't today  but I will one day!
@introversive i was just saying that the other day...it sux 
This has been the longest day ever!! It's not even 5pm yet! 
This day sucks so far.. nothin could cheer me up now   
Emily's last day and she is not feeling good.  
Last day getting off at 430 
wasting the day away.  
I wish this day was over already 
Bad day. 
emotional day   i miss daarrreeennn x
is feelin rly sad 2day  x
What happened day?  We were doing so well.  
is not having a good day 
Is having a terrible day 
i miss hamish, it feels weird not being able to see him tomorra.  i am excited about going to see a day to remember soon though. 
I'm so ready for this day to be over 
what a raniy day it is 
had a long day, and didnt even get to see her boo 
When will I have a good day!? 
@ShelbyWu I can imagine  well it will b over soon just one more busy day
Bad day 
the worst day 
I did not have a successful day  It was cloudy and couldn't lay out 
What a horrible day 
the worst day ever 
depressed , worst day ever! 
bad day 
is not looking forward to the long day i have ahead of me. 
ive been sleeping since i got off  wasted my day i got off at 2
@ohaychaim aww, what's wrong? I've been sad all day too. 
@PhilCrimmins Oh wow... I am so sorry to hear (read) that.  I hope it didn't ruin too much of your day.
the last day!... 
One more day left 
@malleycat long day 
@uyennguyen_ NO! i wanted to  i was so upset the day of it, did you? 
it's going to be a long day 
@Booklorn   I'm sorry!  At least you could sleep all day feeling like that?
thought for the day: don't expect too much!! 
 i cant go one more day with out her i love her too much
I want this day to end! its been so damn long and not so good 
what a day . hahaiz 
this day is really boring. 
@I_am_paul  bad day?
Not feelin well 2day 
Last day 
Mowing all day *#*$  day    
Hoping it stops raining one day 
http://twitpic.com/7w057 - You had a bad day 
having a slow day. Still slow and weak... 
@RachemPixie It sure is. I have to go there every day 
Working all day 
Bad day. 
What a dreary day 
what a horribly long day it has been 
Last day 
@i64 will be a long day. 
I haven't eaten for a whole day 
Traveling day 
Is sad it's the last day. 
@ciararyandreams not much feel totally ill  so basically internet and bed day :L you?
I wish I didn't have to work all day.  Mannnnnnn 
working all day 
Just wanting a day off 
working all day 
@frenchiep  Have a nice day! unfortunately I cant go 'cause I don't have a ridee 
I have the day off and it's kind of crappy out! This always happens!!! 
my day shall suck...and that's being hopeful  
Anothr wastd day 
Moving day 
another lonely day 
Not having a productive day at all 
had a not-so-good day 
having a bad day   
It's almost my b-day &amp; I'm so NOT excited. y? 
Last day 
http://twitpic.com/7wpim - such a pretty day to be sick!! 
has had a very bad day 
it's going to be a longg day and I don't feel well at all. i wish i could recover 
only 12pm n my day is already not going good 
it was a claudy shopping day  kurat!!!
is very stressed and just wants a day off 
@ODRiley so.. would today not be a good day to tease you?.. 
Bad day 
I popcorn= tasty= diariha the next day 
This is going to be a loonngg day. 
And my day was going so good too 
What a frustrating day 
having a terrible day 
Beach day canceled due to rain.  
#sadsaturday i have to work all day 
well nicole hasnt called me all day 
It's a fly who is flying around me all day long!  It drives me craaaaaaaaazy! :S
the day seems to get longer 
Too nice of a day to have to work. 
not having the greatest day 
@kurioskurion actually I am at the UrgiCare....cough just won't let up   How is your day?
@imTastik needs to let me grow up one day! 
well, i only have one more day... 
What a yuckie day! 
UUUGGGHHHH this Laudry will never end!!!  I've been doing it all day! 
http://twitpic.com/7xhi3 - last day together 
we've been decorating all day and still no where near finished 
I'm having a very stressful day 
Yay for one day off 
very sick  i have not been out of bed all day!
i feel so tired 2 day ! uggh had to get ready really early 2 day 
@ddlovato its one of mine too  anyways i love you demi can't wait to see you one day!!!!!!!!!!!!!
http://twitpic.com/7y4b6 - This is what cat scratch fever looks like the day after.. 
@kevrober i would love to, but so much to do here on my only full free day 
Finally going to bed.. it's been such a long day 
Aaaaagsh!, I have a bad day 
We've come so far since that day, and I thought I loved you then... 
finally changed my timetable to a five day one !!!!!!!! 
This day is going to be long 
@alixfersure green day is too expensive 
.... what a day 
having a bad day 
@twizb I didn't to sleep most of the day. 
TiRed  looong day
uuuuuhhhggggg! I hate having a stressful day 
Not da great day I thought 
had an extremely difficult day 
I hate father's day 
@cinemabizarre I wished I could be there that day 
@jessicamarilyn i know !  oh well i'll met them boys one day.
@Cortista U haven't tweeted all day! 
I've been bed-ridden for most of the day.  finally out of bed again
having such a bad day. 
I am really having a terrible day and I want to cry a little 
@wildpeeta hey bu karshas need a day too 
;) ;) ;) didnt have fun 2day ;(  
 going to bed to end this day
bad bad day 
just fustrating day.  i love you ica
Tough day...i hope it just gets easier from here 
I dont know what day it is 
is goin to bed. Looong day 
a bad day for me 
I'll probably be studying for most of the day 
Really hates staying up late because then he feels tired the next day 
its a wonderful day for working!! 
Not looking forward to the day 
not my best day! 
@VictoriaMonro day so i guess you should just have it then. i'm so sorry 
@musicjBEEh im hungry  i havent eaten all day
2 day hangover, not good 
had a long day 
Too hungover to make it through the day 
Still working  Hopefully will get to see some of the day 2day.....lol
Waking up to another day of moving... yay 
last day... 
i gueesss getting ready for a horrible day.. 
Feeling so tired... I could sleep all day long! 
@hisydneyxo i know, saddd day 
why do i have to work again??? and all day too. 
@moshiicakes  It's a sad day...
it's also the last day of @oneprayer. 
What an unlucky day!! 
@sarahsolovely I miss you  I hope you're having a good day! I love you!
Morning.. this day is horrible. 
seriously bummed out on so much stuff right now. I really just want to sleep all day. 
Finally getting ready for the day... I'm lazy 
courseworkk has ruineddd my day 
has been sitting here all day 
so bored been out all day driving 
ugh..this day is going to suck 
Wishing I were with @HankTechentin on his special day 
@dorkabella I know  One day I will find one that works...
@chloelunn UGH  Thats ruined my day.
My day is starting off not quite well.  hopefully it ends well
@now_u_know I just came in  I have the whole day ahead of me
@ladyw87 i want sleep as well!!! this day needs to be over~~~ 
Having a bad day 
this is not a good day.  
@macker605 --i want a pretty day 
Struggling through the day 
bad day , i feel sad 
last day of being 14 :O 
@isabelisLOVESit cuzzie haven't tweeted with u all day 
I'm having a bad day. 
Just when I thought it was a nice day out and it finally didn't rain, it started drizzling 
i'm missing him more each day 
Blergh i think I'm getting a cold...my throaths been all itchy a day 
 had a really bad day!!!
So sad and pathetic day 
at the hospital in fairfield.. been here all day!!!!! &amp; I'm hungry 
Tired...lonnggg day 
 long day
Bad day. 
I've had the shittiest day 
I've never puked so much in 1 day  damn you gastroenteritis!
@D246 sounds like your day hasn't really gotten that better 
@jenniferrooney I'msorry you had a bad day 
@neenneen lucky! I wish I had the day off 
Bubur sumsum all day. 
Vacay delayed a day 
Billing day. 
@achallis  It's a bad day
URGHH..is havin such a bad day..how depressing! 
Going to work. This is going to be a long day 
i want a day off 
@GordonMJ I am having a horrible day 
@heartsonsleeves omg so sorry kimb!!! didn't pass by there that day 
boring day 
Relaxing on my day off... why is it raining???! 
Is sad that it is @EricaB11 's last day. 
what a bad day 
All most there, all most there. I just have to get through this incredibly long and boring day 
is hamsyong 1 day i feel useless !!!hha  http://plurk.com/p/13bnon
all done with this day.. its only 2pm 
going to get ready to go out.. definitely cant be bothered when i've been ill all day 
@SUNWAYHAWAII thank you. i needed that. my day is already going bad. 
@aayushsoni It's every single day  If only they'd realise that I am not single ..
here goes another long day... 
@yelyahwilliams add me  ^^ have a nice day
is enjoying my last day ever being 34.....   
@karenabad just not having a good day. 
So sad I'm working on such a glorious day! 
Last hour of my B-day 
Ugly day  wanted to be outsidee
Best day ever = fail    
@TorreyLaffoon it wasn't either of our day 
@burntbroccoli Awww, don't be like that.   Bad day? ...
I wish I wasn't stuck inside on this beautiful day 
so not the day to wear black 
@FunGirlJane..right? I am so blah 2day too 
@TheFray  so close and yet so far.    ...one day i'll get to see you guys.
wondering why will hasnt called me all day??? 
I haven't ate all day 
tahts all it takes to reuin a good day 
stressful day. Now I get to be home alone. 
has had a really long day is tired and is not feelin to well 
@kgoreee well there goes my day 
@shariaiko is it really hot? I've been cold all day 
My day just got RUINED again 
having a bad day!!! 
@ddlovato OmG!! you spend all your day twittering!! (me too... haha) Why you don't twitt me back when I twitt you?? 
is sick, just want to stay in bed all day 
snuggled up and getting ready for bed...long day ahead of me tmrw 
The best day ever is over   
I am super tired and full this has been an exausting day and i didnt even get to go to church 
Like I said before....not having a good day 
what a hot day 
I am so beat  long long day
hasnt heard from kimmi all day  how is that even possible??!!
is up early and got a long day ahead 
Working on this beatyful day. 
has the day off and is going to enjoy it...but has to work out 
such a borin day 
I'm I'll!  sick day in bed for me 
day was pretty bad i miss hilary 
@puppylove91 you couldve texted me... but you didnt all day 
Starting the day knackered...  
it's going to be a long day 
very bizarre day.. not feeling well 
@melissapwns awe  what day do you get back?
Ughhh... what a horrible day 
overslept! now it promises to be a hectic day 
exhausting day 
first day of summerhols..and i feel sick. 
Hayfever is starting to ruin my day - I have took some Clarityn but feeling all blocked up 
What happened to the lovely sunny day? 
@tigertuft Are you @glastofest? And it was such a nice day to start with.. 
I'm working   Not a very good day!
@MarieLuv that happened to me.. Wait the 20. I was sidelined for a day 
It's been a very bad day and it's only 6:51 am! 
My day without you is not a day  ....why I can't forget u?
 last day foreverrrr!
prom 2day 
::: long day ahead of me. I'm pretty sure I'll get sunburned. 
feeling shite  just wanted a nice day.
Being thankful for another day is hard when I feel bummed. 
@Sydeney spoiled t day indeed..ruined #confedcup 4 me 
Is not having a good day. 
Why is it that I still wake up sooo early on my day off?!?! All I want to do is sleep 
So not having a good day 
is having a bad day already. 
awful day 
is feeling slightly down now  not a good day
@duudemaryy that's the day before i leave for georgiaa. i think 
working all day !!!! 
Last day before I go back to work 
The day's already crawling  is it 2:30 yet?
slow day 
1 more day to go 
Boring day..  
This sucksss! I have to work 12-5 on such a beautiful day 
Having a very bad day... and it's only 11:35am 
last day alone 
@stephlandry all day? 
has had a real bad day 
had a bad day . . .  http://plurk.com/p/13xumj
is getting ready for a long day 
@swimmermag so the day I'm off..you are working 
@TammyMunson - I am sorry you aren't having a good day 
had a really good day    off to do some shoppping
It's a beautiful day... 
@JasonAten The D700 rocks every day 
having a day off 
@Gailporter have a great day! 
1 day hopefully 
@Valvert : have a nice day to 
@gfalcone601 have a nice day! 
Wan'ts so go back =/  But weather is fiiiine so I'll be outside all day 
@GissiSim goood day  doing great 
@patricklanglois Hey you  i hope you have a great day. I love you! xoxo
@jallisoncook my day just got better 
@mileycyrus have a good day! 
Ohmygosh! I am soooooooooo bored, it's a lovely day though 
good day to all 
@pratama - One day you'll meet them 
; tomorroww is the day . !  out . -akash
@realnetta: will be praying all day 
Is going to be a good day 
what a great to start the day! (L) 
@vickerini you could always walk - it looks like a lovely day out there 
I'm going to bed, have a nice day while I snooze 
@tokyocandy i'm starving here too.. but they really look delicious and i want them all.. don't bother me when i'm day dreaming 
@selenagomez have a nice day 
had a very nice day! 
@Keyescc lmao, that made my day 
@mysugarisraw loll just what I feel like doing right about noww :p how what you're day? 
I've been happy all day  that's good
goodnite all, a rather emotional day has me tired. 
@nicolerichie @KourtneyKardash  b-day!!!!!!!!! xoxoxox have fun!!!
it's a beautiful day, mashallah 
what a beautiful day! finally! 
such a pretty day! 
@AddictedToJones Urg, I haven't seen them at all. One day I will! Not only will, but must 
Such a lovely sunny day 
shopping day 
Shopping day... 
@ctribe I hope you are having a great day. 
ahh.. another beautiful day  prlly tanning outside.
@tamij Have a great day!! 
@Cindyhm1 post a pic of the lovely day! 
is going out! such a nice day 
It's a new day! 
@mslovelyann You guys have fun!!!! It's a new day 
gooooooooooooooooood morrrrrrrrrrrrning, finally a day off 
Another great day. 
@Aqueousillusion  Have a good day 
@Running5k2day do you wake up early or late?  I was thinking like 11ish but whatever works for you is good 
i refuse to label myself..and i refuse to be categorized...from this day on 
finally a nice day to grill 
Enjoying the day 
relaxing, what a pretty day outside 
and its a beautiful day to drive 
@miguelstdance heey, how was the day? 
good day... good day. 
@rukti800 we will talk sometimes... maybe not every day, but sometimes.  kthxbai
@Buildabear96 hehe! So how was ur day? 
I'm going to bed. It's day already. 
ugh long but fun day 
I had a really really good day 
@anthree glad u had a good day 
@bedofbrownrice awww how cute  I hope you are all having a great day
twittering ever minutes just make my day! 
have a nice day  ... 
suchhh a good day 
ahh lovely day 
@monikkinom going good  how is your day going!
had a great day 
finally going to sleep after a long day 
@Pickurpoison don't go to sleep! The day is just starting 
Waking up at mid-day, when you thought you'd woken up at 5 isn't too shabby. o_O 
Lovely sunny day! 
On a sunny day like this it's all about keeping it real, i don't say it if I don't mean it! 
@samjmoody hey sam! how's your day been so far?? 
played mahjong the whole day! 
@sazlik @trevorp Indeed. I am sure it will rock .. one day 
finally! it's such a nice day out 
Gardening is fun on a sunny day like this 
@hollybird Have a good day Holly 
it was great day 
What a beautiful day 
Oh what a lovely day! 
@kaffy hopes it's a good day, whatever it contains 
another gorgeous day 
such a gorgeous day. i am off to sunbathe 
is having a very lazy day 
is having a really lazy day 
yay  you made my day 
has been sun bathing all day  XD x
Beach day 
it is a beautiful day to fly a kite 
has had a great day!  trampolining with becca all day!
Relaxing on the couch . . . Other then laundry day 
@AutumnSilence So how is your day going? (: well your very kind 
The day is getting better. I'm smiling already. 
@shaneaddinall i love you mwamwamwa have a blessed day 
4/20 haha  the day beginss
@shoptilldrop Have a great day. 
@JonathanRhys Have a good day. I love you 
 97.9 even if it's static it has made my day 
What a glorious day 
I'm glad I have another day off 
@dougiemcfly lol...not good   how is your day so far?have fun on tour
resting after a long day 
@modbird 'mornin, have a great day. 
@bronxbebe4488 *lol* @ 420 ... indeed it is!  It's 420 all day long! 
@makefate just think the day can only get better 
Waiting for my day to begin  http://myloc.me/57r
Going 2 do somthing else other than Twitting-all-day-long. Probably will soon be back... 
is having a good day 
@RosevilleRockLn It will. I demand no less from my day. 
is having a blessed day 
Last day of 16. Bahaha 
Babysitting day 
@blathering we can meet up there another day! 
@lindsita726 I hope your day goes better than you think 
You have a great day too 
what a wonderful day! 
 I've had a good day!
have a nice day ...  
Is facing a beautiful day 
is going to have a good day ahead of her 
has a long day of studying ahead of me . . . but am happy 
waiting for the day to end .. 
@bradiewebbstack i'll give you ham  nah, i'll take you out to dinner any day ;)
yay day with magsy 
@raymondso any day pretty much 
@pictureingrey glad you're feeling better  have a great day!
having an amazing day with my besfriend, roxanne akil 
@manuelkuhs thank you  that made my day!
@kyelani you are not having a good day so far..can only get better 
@SukieBunny I'll have to make you some one day 
@westleyl @blowdart looking forward to the day we have VisualGIT based presumably on TortoiseGIT 
have a great day! 
@TheFemGeek You will have a fantastic day! 
enjoying the day 
Hey all its been a busy day 
such a good day! amazingly good 
Jolly good day, indeed. 
 the day don't look to bad now lol
@magdastefan good day to you too 
it was a lonnnnng ..but good.. day! now goodnight! 
chillen, tired from a long long day 
@purelaura Have a good day then 
right, best be off, lovely day.  see you round 
is awake and ready for the day!! 
@nhudson1031 I think the day has oficially started... 
just woke up, nice day 
a nice day..but I don't go out tonight. 
is enjoying a new day 
What a beautiful day... 
It's a lovely day! 
@Racheewheels It is a gorgeous day 
Looking forward to a rather eventful day 
@_3_ lol You're most welcome  I'm glad to have made your day 
could listen to it all day long  &lt;3
It's a beautiful day 
lovely day 
It's a twitterific day 
@bookjumper Have a fabulous day 
It's a really nice day 
Long day ahead of me....but I'm ready for it.. 
this day is a very good one, do you think that all?   
@ddlovato it's good to know  have a nice day .
@BabyGirlJessica I hope you have a great day! 
what a lovely day outside. 
Just got  to work.. not to bad of a day just 8 to 1 and I get to relax most of it. 
a beatiful day to spend outside   
I play guitar and sing the whole day... 
is making the most out of what's given to me. Gets me through the day 
@FilipinaPrincss hey...i thought I brightened your day! lol 
@Schofe do you record more than one each day? 
deciding how to spend this beautiful day 
long but fun day 
Is getting first meal of the day at Swingers 
@kevinh1974uk made my day that one 
@Laurrs my day is great as well! 
The day was pretty good, too 
had a good day. 
is having easy day! 
wow i have a long day ahead of  me 
had a good day 
its my b day!!!! 
I had the best day ever 
getting ready for the day 
goodmornin when you wake up   have a good day
@Jebbykins goodmornin when you wake up  have a good day
@heybonnie i might borrow that off you one day 
McFly will be on t4 all day 2day 
i just have to make it through this day...   
#hoppus day is so amazing 
I think it's going to be a pretty day 
@LittleBitTwistd I could do this all day 
@ronragsag Have a great day 
#hoppusday is the best day ever 
 It's an ugly day
I'll show you all one day. I will 
just found $50. it is going to be a good day 
@dannywood i love you danny  enjoy your day!
wanted to sleep all day 
Morning.  it is a beautiful day!
Going to enjoy this beautiful day 
getting ready for the day 
@Silverfish1600 now I have to go, have a nice day 
@christian792  how's your day been so far?
@solangeknowles hey how's day your day going 
Lovely rainy day. 
@JoshuaRitmeijer Awww  sweeeet! You made my day! 
@amberlovely afternoon  good day? x
says 2nd may is a good day!  http://plurk.com/p/rlbkq
http://twitpic.com/4hjbu - All cleaned up and ready for the day. 
Long drive, beautiful day. 
Ahhh ok, I feel better now happy day 
One more day off and then to start anew! 
@energyUK I've been listening to her all day now! It's been amazing! 
@discoverytoys THANX m you have a great day too! 
had a great day. 
@Heromancer Have a lovely day.... 
@kambykitten oh yeah - i watch hgtv all day 
is up and ready to have a beautiful day 
it's a beautiful day. 
@beaky22 i'm so glad i was able to make your day because you make mine so often!!! 
is enjoying the day in bed.. 
catching of the day!  ::
is sleeeeeeeepy. Such a good day 
@michrod am i the lucky one ?  have a good day to u too!
Just getting an additional free day 
1 more day! 
@Mandarific well on a day off you owe it to yourself to sleep in late 
@hellokittylei on a day like this... 
@mooddisorders what are you? flavor of the day? 
good day 
day started off bad but got better 
productive day 1 
I'm so pumped for the day! 
@F1_lou hahah hopefully!  enjoy your day 
not a lonely day after all. 
the whole day. 
@ToffeeTFB It *was* a great day. 
@pimpyouriphone  Me to, oh well maybe one day 
@FoolProofDiva  have a good day!
@stephbabiak have fun on your day off! 
is enjoying her day off.. 
@latinavanessa I'm sooo ready for a beautifyl day 
what a great day 
It is going to be a beautiful day! 
resting had a whole day of walking 
All you moms, get ready to enjoy your much-deserved special day! 
such a long day, heading to bed  . iloveyou &lt;3
@mynameismo You too - hope your day was good! 
hommmmmme! good day 
what a wonderful day...i am going to sleep so well tonight 
had a very good day and is now going to get into bed! 
#frenchieb-day #frenchieb-day #frenchieb-day #frenchieb-day #frenchieb-day #frenchieb-day #frenchieb-day #frenchieb-day #frenchieb-day 
frenchieb-day #frenchieb-day #frenchieb-day #frenchieb-day #frenchieb-day #frenchieb-day #frenchieb-day #frenchieb-day #frenchieb-day 
#frenchieb-day #frenchieb-day #frenchieb-day #frenchieb-day #frenchieb-day #frenchieb-day #frenchieb-day #frenchieb-day #frenchieb-day 
#frenchieb-day #frenchieb-day #frenchieb-day #frenchieb-day #frenchieb-day #frenchieb-day #frenchieb-day #frenchieb-day #frenchieb-day 
i hate i hate i hate i hate i hate i hate mother's day.  
pretty tired after a nice full day. 
Amazing day! 
had a great day 
@grungeheart_ - hey there.    How was your day?
So I was just angrily told I was extemely abusive...mentally, emotionally, &amp; physically. It made my day.  Nightss.
had a 100% raw day 
@twicullen good day K! 
surprisingly had a wonderful day 
@hiyer - wait for the third day!!  
@johncmayer lol that just totally made me laugh, which made my day 
is working it out allll day long. 
Morning all  and its a lovely day at last
it's the last day  in lonesometown  
Hey, hey, happy mother's day!  http://plurk.com/p/svwii
@MsFantastic776 goodmorning&amp; Happymothers day 
cleaning day! 
Wish I was there to make it all better, some day ... 
Lovely sunny day 
such a nice day 
I've been waking up so early lately  It feels good not to waste the day.
@krzimmer one day. Eventually 
@officialmila  have a great day!
@makzan Pretty much all day. 
laying out all day 
Alicias Overrr  on mothaas day!
happppy motheres day @cherylLconnors 
Getting ready to spend a day w/ my mommyyyy 
what a beautiful day! 
going to have a juicyy day, off to the galleriaa 
out with mommy for the day 
@moonfrye my day has been delightful   and it sounds like you are enjoyin yourself 
Best day ever 
@BillyRoy24 well you have one more day to skip 
what a day 
had a lovely mothers day 
great day. not normal and that was so good 
pretty good day 
have a niiiiiiiiice day  
Getting ready to go home for the day. 
Wowwwww tmrw is the last day in highschoollll!! Superbb! Haha 
green day up! 
What an eventful day 
Feelngood about the day 
@prkid yoo we should meet up one day 
@charliemoreno I think I may lost a day or two due to #stumbleupon 
Starting a new day 
Second to last day; feeling optimistic 
It's indeed a beautiful day 
@xxsabina right you are  Choclate almost make me sick now a day they have taken the yumi out of choclate haha
@cameronstewart you mean like I did the other day? 
woo day off 
@Notrox Byeee have a nice day 
@philiptday Ah...but it least it's done now...enjoy your day 
day off 
@shunad  good for you, it cheers you up all day doesnt it 
I'm getting more and more excited each day for going away to college 
is planning to have a good day 
@ViolaMaths Thank u! I am, think I just needed a crash day 
@balispace hello  how's your day?
@yeaauuh -  Have a fantastic day 
@CraigTeich  I am having a great and blessed day too  
Just woke up and getting ready to start the day 
getting ready for the last day of dvbs! 
@pjfbncyl  It made my day
qotd= quote of the day  hopefully it'll catch on!
@julianahatfield have a great day too! 
@MaisSz hello  how's your day?
yawwwwwn....hello day. 
@TeriCollins just trying to get my day started.. how are you? 
@Shonarino haha exactly! so i sleep through the day instead 
A beautiful day with u 
had a really great day 
I was talking to him. &lt;3 One day I was smiling and didn't know why, then I realized I was thinkin of you. &lt;3 
@simoncurtis: It doesn't matter what day it is, I'll watch it 
Relaxing finally!! Its been a loooooong day...a good day...just so, so, so long 
@BayouBengal56 wow, how nice of them.....  I haven't done much all day #layinlow
long day...long day! but equally amazing  so glad i'm doing what i'm doing
What a great day 
@eileenlangan shankss i took it the day i met the maineeeee 
@DeirdreJones - maybe it's that kind of day! 
so so so tired! but very fun day 
@DJKno1 what a wonderful day with you hunny 
@imonaboatyo bahahaha, that made my day.  i feel so loved now.
a good day 
productive day 
Looking forward to a wonderful day!!! 
@ganns1980  have a good day!
@mrstessyman What ever you do have a good day. I love knitpicks 
i love this day!!! 
A gorgeous day in the making!  
@Sinfidel have a great day! 
It's going to be another beautiful day. 
McFly day? hell yeahhh 
going to enjoy the day outside 
 having a good day
Finally a pretty day 
@xohanna i thought you finished at 8 and did u have a nice day 
going out for the day 
had a truly awesome day 
@danybabe HAve a nice day 
@nickjonline That you have a nice  day 
@BOPandTigerBeat That you have a nice  day 
@OliviaSykes nice 'a day to remember' song 
@ddlovato That you have a nice day 
@selenagomez  That you have a nice day 
@stoutard well done - does that mean you will sleep to 2pm every day now?! 
now to pretend I am actually working before taking off for the day again 
day dreaming 
Goregous day  already started off right
@kagefc4 have a good day.  
It's a beautiful day outside 
have a nice day. 
@AmyriadfthINGs so, how is your day going? 
have had the best day 
Such a beautiful day... Wow  
has had a lovely day 
Looking forward to lake day! 
Its a beautiful day 
what a beautiful day it is here 
I'm so excited  have a fantastic day
just finished showering, its a beautiful day out there 
Kncion de hoii: The best day 
@TheRealJordin aww you will make it!!  Have a great day! 
should be a good day 
four day! 
@TTSTylerNelson tylerrr!  wuts up? how was your day
good day 
Watching judgement day 
@TakeoRey Sounds like a good day to me. 
@alexpuig good day 
Its my B-day suuuccckkkaasss!!!!! 
@claudiajordan I wasn't going to pry...but as long as your day went great, that's all I need to know 
a day that started off pretty bad ended up being pretty.... good... 
@buzzfrog Not one day too soon 
good day todayy. 
chicago all day 
Best day ever! 
@deanwhitbread great, now I'll spend the day investigating 
@ddlovato One day I WILL meet you, and that will make me soooo happy... until then, 'stay beautiful' 
thinking that i had a good day working out 
Enough for one day! 
very hot day 
@jemillahayne @margotrobbie How was your day? 
I'm glad this day finally came 
@mickelous Not a good day to break it then? 
well, have to get going, have a great day all 
@tatymonaco may 31st will be a good day, i hope ! 
Gnigghht  anotherrr long day ahead of me in theAM.
Ending of a pretty good day.  
@Caroljs have a lovely day 
I've only been awake all day and I am so bored  lol.
Is having another cusht day in bed 
@Nicsey indeed!  what you got planned for day?
having the day off, to celebrate 
@nickwriter How about just banning the whole day itself?  
@ErenMckay I hope you will have a very productive day 
@itsmejlee hows it going? its 6:07 here. just got to work, starting my day 
@DamianGrounds There you are  How's your day going? #elevensestime
beautiful day    i love you miley 
@princessmeegan Have a good day!! 
@prshuey so it's that kind of day is it 
@Vestque I hope you have a great day. 
@LilKatD xD , have a nice day 
i hope it rains all day. 
hey guys! how's your day? 
@heidimontag have a nice day 
Morning  It's a beautiful day!
Morning all! it is another gorgeus day and I hope to have a great day myself! 
all in all the day was great 
@gezelle_soto that's beautiful. You made my day 
@meshortenator My day off was already approved 
One day to go, it ends here ... 
@gfalcone601 gratez !  how's your day till now ? 
Such a beautiful day 
@ddlovato day 22  u are incredible  not wait to see you
@TheDailySongGuy for real? a song a day? and it's working? good for you ... 
Getting ready for another beautiful day 
Getting ready &amp; having a lovely day out with Joshuay. 
@DanaLanePhoto  thank you!  4 #togsfollow I hope you are having a great day! 
@paulineferrer me too popz! i've been humming it to myself the whole day! 
In otown for the day 
enjoying my day off 
@SandyGuerriere  You have a great day too 
@MadMaggieDesign you are welcome and have a wonderful day 
@volverene I hope you're enjoying your day! 
@comeagainjen canadaaaa.  and its a lovely day.
Wishing all a productive day 
@Danisidhe LOL that's great to hear. I'm looking forward to my day now 
@manojero buongiorno  have a lovely day ^^
4 day weekend!! 
@lilyroseallen have a good last full day 
ahhh just one day to goooooo  ..(I am packing)
One day. I will be there. Just once.. 
it will be nice day 
what a lovely day 
@NoReinsGirl good morning, day going well so far? 
@_supernatural_ that has just made my day, thankyou 
can't believe it's a sunny day! 
I had a good day. 
i am so ungodly tired its ridiculous. but twas a good day. 
another free day for me, yay 
Techgarage day 
@mileycyrus have a great day  x
mooorning twitterwolrd  have a nice day 
@gfalcone601 hopefully it will stay like that all day 
I can't believe I was actually up early to day 
it's a great day until now! 
has a blessed day so far 
's day started off just perfect... 
@bipsydipwater  I've heard that. Its hilarious. I could, (/have), listen to it all day.
last day was so great  but now. i'm so tired  
It's a beautiful day 
prom 2day 
@Schofe you're following me? :O wow, i am honoured  good day so far? xo
What a nice day 
@raven_shayde its a nice day out there, so obviously I am 
Wainting for the day to come... 
this is a very nice day  whoo! http://plurk.com/p/vgamk
All in all, a great day 
3 day weekend 
The day has begun, and it's been wonderful so far. I'm going to breakfast and then to work 
@cymberrain You are welcome for the #followfriday. I'm glad your day is going so well. 
already.. this is the best day EVER. 
Hoping the day will go by fast and that 530 will come quickly! 
@Maximilus one day. 
@judez_xo  made my day!
its a sunny day 
has taken the day off schoooool 
Only one more day and then long weekend 
@MehLizza: ahah! that was funny! especially that that day she broke the swinq! 
@BklynFresh good morning! have a nice day 
What a beautiful day! 
TGIF  i know i just came back from the caribbean, but it's nice to have another day off 
@anthonyjohnston Always welcome  what are you upto on this very dull day ?
Last day....  and  !!!!!!
Last day of schoolll 
@LyssaBrooke how's your day? 
It's going to be a great day.  I just know it! (via @MarkEntzminger) 
lovely cloudy day  ..........lol
A day off? I don't even know what to do! 
@blakekrone it did definitely make my day 
is having a Bullets day. 
Last day of schooooool. 
It's such a gorgeous day out again! 
@BrilliantMoms  - Create a beautiful day!!
shopping can really cure a bad day 
@SashiGamali lol i want all day everywhere lol 
neveR giVe uP., tOmOrrow is aNother day... 
@ebaystudentgirl Indeed it does, which is why I'm extremely happy about having the day off! 
is working all day-- next day off is sunday  yayyy
AND the day has begun! 
@wasser Since you have the day off can you mow mine as well tia 
Celebrating my first memorial day long weekedn!! Awww yeahhhh 
@xlifegames Thank you! This just made my day!! 
Is the day going fast 4 u all? mahasha 
I'm thankful to see another beautiful day 
@JesscaESanchez ok so you have a good day 
@lilnomes It totally IS! I think I am addicted... I listened to it alllll day. 
Another good day 
had a good day. 
pretty good day  goodnite!
i will marry oliver sykes one day  lol
had a good day 
says this is a very exciting day!  [phplurk.com] http://plurk.com/p/wwkvu
@hellobejoy yay! Just one more day! 
@allaboutenergy  No I dont think so ! A great day to you, and I am glad that you are here.  www.10478.vgb.no
I made it through the day! And i had fun 
Productive day 
you look like a sunny day when i look outside and it's storming 
and the day begins 
The day...the day...the day is done 
So Dland was freaking great.  It was such a great day 
early start....beautiful day 
have a great last day of studying 
what a lovely day 
What a lovely day, even work can't spoil it. 
good day  hiking early! ahh
@Hedgewytch why not? relax and have fun with a day off 
I had a better day than you 
is off to work  .. going to be a longggggg day
@anthonyjohnston have a great day 
Enjoying her day off 
@iamjesschiriano  4 more fucking day's  
@francescazurlo HAHA!!! how long have you been singing that song now? It has to be at least a day. i think you're wildly entertaining! 
a beautiful day! 
Its my b-day  big 20!!!!
