Most common words for this cluster:
[('day', 1318), ('mothers', 498), ('happy', 474), ('mother', 290), ('fathers', 207), ('mom', 177), ('dad', 79), ('moms', 69), ('mommy', 68), ('father', 60), ('today', 44), ('amp', 44)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'day', 0.7413519620895386), (u'mom', 0.6549830436706543), (u'mothers', 0.6124646067619324), (u'Glapion_recalls', 0.609953761100769), (u'mother', 0.607559859752655), (u'Beverly_Boniello', 0.6068212389945984), (u'Brainiac_Learn_something', 0.6033757328987122), (u'dad', 0.5993096232414246), (u'Whitney_Lawhorn', 0.5916011929512024), (u'unconditional_Cam_Newton', 0.588301420211792)]





@mileycyrus I would too if it meant spending a day in heaven w/my mom and getting to see her again. 
@Maceymace it's at 9:00 but i've gotta be there 15 minutes before.. :/ so very early!!  my sisters boyfriends doing it the same day
wishing my baby didnt have to sleep all day and go to work tonght 
is bummed that her husband isn't here to spend the lazy day in bed with me 
My mom just called to tell me our dog had to be put to sleep...sad day 
Gorgeous day + no hubby to enjoy it with = 
@patchyemoly i'm having a bad day girl 
my brother bought my mum a pet mouse for mothers day and she HATES her 
I love my boyfriend so much, I wish I could spend every day with him. I miss him 
mother's day is a week away and gift ideas = nil. 
Shout out to my sister for ruining dads bday breakfast by wasting an hour to get dressed  now he's pissed and I'm hungry!
resident evil 5 is awesome!!!i can play it all day without rest.i play it on my dads xbox,so i had to leave it in my parents room 
Missing my father in his B-day  
getting ready to go to work  wish i could spend the day with my baby
my grandpa isnt doing well, I will probably be driving to see him in the next day or 2 
happy as can be could prob cry right now wish my mom would let me go to twilight convention to meet jackson rathbone its on mothers day. 
@jennnnnnx never mind, mother's day  oh well we'll figure something out !
I have to work from 9 - 2 on Mothers day 
horrible day... i want to go home.... i want my mommy 
No idea what to do for my mom on mother's day 
My sister has ruined a great day out 
when's mother's day again, tweeps? 
Like I know what I am talkin about me who will still be doing laundry on mothers day! 
is having a lovely mother's day so far. But missing my mum 
@davidjdalton mother nature didnt get her mothers day card... 
tired, bored, stuck at home, fighting w/ brother. yeah. happy mothers day. 
Wtf stores are stupid but im an idiot for shopping this late the day before mothers day 
Still hard being away from my own mom on another mother's day. 
happy mothers day ! mum didn't eat all my breakfast i made her  http://bit.ly/ztSJx
@karlburnett my kid  actually, it was amazing. didn't cry once. and so looked like I'm a perfect mother. so kind of made mother's day cool
I really miss my mommy and wish I could be with my family on mother's day 
@llamafrog It's mother's day. The entire world is out to breakfast. 
@fadedyellow boo  happy mother's day.. haha =P
may miss mothers day service...not feeling well at all...just can't shake this cough 
happy mothers day peoples!  me at uni studying now 
happy mother's day, mum. you're not here 
Making a mother's day card..yes, the night before. I'm a bad daughter 
i wish i could see my mom for mother's day 
smh at me working till 9pm on mothers day n my moms be making dinner for me... 
happy mother's day to the best mom in the world...mine!!(L)(L) i miss her 
happy mother's day to the best mom in the world...mine!!(L)(L) i miss her 
i just messed up my mothers day onion dip 
stupid essay, only i would leave it to mothers day when i have 2 make a chocolate pudding.  its going to take 4 ever...
mom won't be here for mother's day.  but she'll be home i the phillipines. work tomorrow all day! happy mother's day my surrogate moms#fb
@trvsbrkr lets take a moment for the mothers that aren't &quot;physicly&quot; with us today my grandmother passed away 5 yrs ago she was my hero 
@julieunplugged @btatusko and the boys are at my sisters for a 1st communion tonight. i had commencement 2day 
Just had mothers day lunch, then back to working for me 
missing my mom... i hate mothers day 
SHIT! forgot to call my mum wishing her a happy mother's day until now. she sounded a bit sad on the phone. I'm a horrible daughter 
tomorrow, when i wake up, its going to be the first mothers day w/o my momma.  make sure to show appreciation to your moms. gooooodnight.
@TickleMeJoey you never called  &amp; annuh is here. and i just left you a message. &amp; tell you mom i say happy mothers day.
sad i wont see my mommy for mothers day 
bought a mothers day present and a chocolate crossiant. whoops I forgot about the ksubi sale 
my mum's sick on mothers day 
I wish I could b with my mommy on mothers day 
Just checked my bank account's balance. I don't even have enough to buy my mom a mothers day card 
home now... Should b asleep cause I have to visit gramma n the cemetary later for mommy's day... 
Missing my little girl on mother's day... 
i'm super disappointed by mothers day.  my roast turned into i can't be bothered, i'll buy tea instead, and then changed to i'm going...
happy mothers day to my mum...who is on the other side of the world  lol
just got done making mothers day cards and a thank you card not tired and idk why had a very long day. the hubby is fishing 
@DOUGXFRESH  I'm on this stupid single train I couldn't even get a double decka  booooo wish I was there damnit mothers day lol
having a headache since last night. it's killing me. it won't go away.  happy mother's day btw. going to meet my mommy for lunch.
@a_web_designer that she did. She's now in bed sick  not the best way to end mothers day!
many of my children didn't wish me happy mother's day 
Celebrating mothers day without my wife 
Just a note to boyz, on mothers day, the mother gets to choose how she spends her day, others should not force their choices on her 
awake, feel like death. mum is still insisting on having a mothers day dinner 
I called my mom &amp; said happy mothers day(: &amp; all she said was &quot; okay, go to sleep&quot; 
wish i could celebrate mothers day with my mummy 
would wish @lorraineleong a happy mothers day...but she isnt following me on twitter  i'm only following her....i feel the love
happy mother's day. my mommy (and pops) is boarding a plane to seattle, then a ship to alaska. i wish she'd be hanging w/ me instead 
juss realized todays mothers day, i wish i was spending the day with my mom.... 
Wishes she was with her mum for mothers day 
Just fed my daughter put her 2 sleep ate a snack n now I'm goin to sleep gnight tweeters mother day sucks 
Is feeling that my heart is in two different places.... today is the first mother's day i've not been with my mom.... 
the one that i hate the most just texted my mum wishing her mother's day!! He's a jerk!!!! Why did he do this?! 
mother's day dinner is postponed..  [phplurk.com] http://plurk.com/p/svksj
happy mothers daaaaaaay! so bad my mama isn't here with me now 
My doggie was sick today from eating too much food  happy mothers day! I love my mummy.
Still up ! But gettin sleepy I still don't feel good.....  I want my baby ! And happy mothers day !!!!! And to my mommy hope u get better
i don't know what give to my mom as mothers day gift 
mother's day.  do you know where your children are?  I don't. 
Lovely day today! At work from 10 to 5  can't be here for mothers day  happy mother's day
On my way to work   But on a happier note happy mother's day to all the twitter mommas and baby mammas!!!!!!
kid vomit...dog vomit...happy mothers day 
is disappointed no mothers came out on mothers day 
On my way to kc to see grandma for mothers day, then lots of studying 
happy mothers day to me. now both kids have the flu and i'm starting to feel pretty icky. 
i hate mothers day 
its really a disappointment to me that I cant call my mother on mothers day 
happy mothers day! am I the most awful daughter ever?! I'm gonna be gone all day 
happy mothers day mommyyy. sorry i have to work today 
I'm a horrible daughter.. I already saw my mom like 10 times and didn't say happy mothers day.. I forgot! 
disappointed to be missing church this morning.  But happy mothers day everyone!!
its my first mothers day and i have to work. 
going to mom's for a mother's day brunch...was really hoping for better weather 
happy mother's day internet! unfortunately, both my mom and I have to work today 
even tho i have my mommy with me, this day always makes me miss my grandmothers so much. rip mommom jean and grammom pat 
dance rehearsal, mothers day then all my hw 
has a headache on mothers day 
happy  mother's day! i miss my mommy though 
happy mothers day hungover 
@lovingvida happy mothers day!!!! p.s.: i can't believe that even you have a wii and i don't. 
Already up..&amp; outta my house.  Today is mother's day and I won't even see her 
missing my mommy on mother's day 
spending mother's day sick in bed....hoping it's not strep  
Speacial thoughs &amp; prayers who I going thru this day 4 the 1st time without their mothers presence. 
Special thoughs &amp; prayers who I going thru this day 4 the 1st time without their mothers presence. 
im sad  lol while everyone gets 2 spend time with their families on mothers day my mom and sis r at work and my dad is sleping lol 
it's mothers day and my mom is crying 
brunch for mother's day, then working the rest of my sunday 
kickyoutube is ruining my chance of pulling off my mothers day present 
laying by the pool enjoying my last day with emily  going to buy our moms gifts!
relaxing at home on mother's day, too bad my mommy to be has to work. 
shower, studying, cleaning, dinner with mom, back to school  but happy mothers day !
happy mothers day to all mom's! science quiz 2morrow  auugh
working all day on mother's day  sad that i cant spend it with my mom! but at least i can see all the happy mothers getting massages!
i wish i could be with my mom on mother's day 
i really miss him sooo much.  happy mothers day to my lovely mom and lovely moms everywhere!!
I hope my mom can still have a happy mother's day. 
wishing i could spend mothers day with my mom  happy mothers day mom!
it's mother's day and my madre's in florida. 
exams tomorrow  happy mothers day &lt;3333
missing my mom on mothers day 
Getting an oil change and they asked me what I'm doing here on mothers day..now I'm homesick 
is on my way to mothers day brunch with the family.....missing jay and tanya 
just got home from breakfast with my family for mothers day... need to do homework now 
happy mother's day to all, &amp; thanks for the sentimetns-spending my 1st mom's day as i do any other sunday-alone b/c hubs is working.  
@bizziemommy so sad you are sick on mother's day  hope you and your hubby feel better soon!
mom is sick, so no tubing today  happy mother's day!
Home for mothers day! Not even staying 24 hours 
Getting ready for work. It sucks that my mom had to work on mothers day 
made pancakes for mothers day............... did not go well. 
Eating some amazing mothers day cheesecake. Then off to slave on my biology project.  such a fun saturday. Not.
first mothers day without nana 
sad...can't spend mothers day with mom 
working all day on mothers dayy  but i left my mommy a nice present for when they get back !
now I have to sit thru a 3 hour dance recital of my sister's on mother's day... 
Wishing I was with my mom for mother's day 
happy mothers day and what not. going to see star trek this afternoon. im in a weird mood, though ... 
went to tagaytay for mother's day.. tired .. 
Me and my dad are gone for mothers day  I love you mom
Spending most of the day with my mommy, well, at least until she has to go home. 
I like my bed and i dont want to leave it  stupid mothers day
Ugh what a sad way to end my mothers day breakfast. 
track for mothers day with my pink eye booooo 
Just gave my mom a mothers day card and 20 bucks. I couldent go to the store  But she was happy anywayz
happy mother's day everyone! praise the woman who gave you life! my momma is working todayy 
@zakaryohh aww poor mom  go mother's day it up now then!
my boi is growing up. isn't here for mother's day. with friends and then in rehearsal all day and then a tap show tonight  
so. i just called my mom to wish her a happy mothers day, she said it wasnt a good time, and had to go.   
my moms in colombia on mothers day 
@swtstrawberry08 and I was gone send you an ole sweet twit from the bottom of my heart about mothers day 
 i can't see my mom this mother's day
mothers day without a mother  who wants to be my mom for today?
A mommyless mom's day 
Far from the mother in the days of mothers!   And many work in college.
wishes he could sleep through mother's day. 
this isn't a good way to start off mothers day 
i am so so sad cause this mother's day i'm away from my mommy! 
everyone wished me haoppy mothers day but my baby daddy 
its my first mothers day without my mom   i miss her so much u r &quot;l lucky 2 have still have ur mom!
happy mother's day!!! i dont get to spend it w my mom 
Spending Mothers day without my mom...  this sucks.
@IAMtheCOMMODORE sad you guys are leaving!! I didn't get the chance to see you  hopefully next tim! happy mothers day 2 ur mom!!!!!!
Please let that man be ok for mothers day 
on my way to work..  ..still need to get mom something for mother's day.
cleaning    happpy mothers day.
happy mothers day! &lt;3 but so stressed homeworkstudy ahh!!!  i despise schools so much! 171/2 mor3 days feels like forverrrrrrrrrrr..... 
Doesn't get to see my momma on mothers day 
I love how this resident at my work, described her kids coming to visit her for mothers day as a pit stop 
my mother is sick with the flu  happy mothers day?
need to get back on my twitter a-game. car accidents are no fun  still in pain. and happy mothers day!
chillen at home ... sick  lol goin to my grandmas house for my daddioes b-day and mothers day
happy mother's day, mom. sorry men completely suck.  and to my second mother, lori - we all miss you today. please be with us.
Is having a good mothers day just wished that my tia an gramma was here 
so enjoyed mother's day wishing i could have been with my own mom tho.. 
had a greay day with my family...missing my cua girls though 
mother's day.....just another fucking day 
didn't get to spent mother's day with my mom  but will be taking her out for her gift soooon
didn't get to spend mother's day with my mom  but i'll be taking her out for her gift soooon
happy mothers day mom! im going to bed. dad leaves tomorrow 
What a great mother's day       I went2aBBQ that i ended up preparin&amp;cookin.wth...
headache,  happy mothers day ! last night was iiinsane
ful from mothers day lunch. man, i cant believe the lakers got blown out 
This mothers day is starting to suck really bad 
I feel bad because i didnt get my mother or my grandmother mothers day presents.  ill have to make them a card tomorrow.
i feel so bad for my mom no one should have to go through that. and even better on mothers day. fhl 
had a really long day wish i coulda spent it with my mother 
Y'all can come live with me as long as you kick your parents out...I'm sorry you haven't had a good mothers day!! 
havent been on twitter in days, today was a bad mothers day   sorrry mommy. i love you.
no1 wished me a happy mothers day 
it's almost 12am.... Just wishing myself one last happy first mothers day..  thanks me.
awwwww, moms day is officially over  
i didnt even get a mother's day card...  
Is super full from mothers day dinner and missing a certain someone 
awwwwwwww.... lovely mothers day... time to pack 
mama's day is over.  
i should've offered big fun to bang my mom for mother's day. 
for those wondering.. yes my dog died on mothers day.  I've had her for 14 years.
@mmitchelldaviss my mom says to me yesterday &quot;i was expecting a mitchell davis video telling me happy mothers day&quot; but there was none 
Just dropped my son off at his last day of preschool. 
My dad just woke me up :| and all he wanted to know is what day i was going to saints. eurghh 
@JazzyLadee1908 yeah i saw you posted that..she may be mad at me i forgot mothers day till the other day 
i miss my son  going to have a good day no matter what.
@emaatwell good girl (; ...yh i know  ... &lt;`3 ... how do u feel right now``? &amp; how was ur day ?
morning everyone!.....looking after baby cousin 2day, shes sooo cute! but lots of work to do too  xx
taking my baby to school in the rain...ewww! wish we could both take the day off  
i am working all day and therefore i wont be able to talk to my baby 
forgot my moms bday and didnt call her for mothers day 
Just got to work...not looking forward to being away from my babies for a full day... 
is sick with teh fever.  but im so happy that my baby took care of me yesterday the whole day so i'm feeling so much better 
Taking my babies to the vet for their fun filled day of surgery  then running around with my papa for a little!
Another day stuffed with applications, playwriting, noisy children and a goodbye party 
@littletreeart thanks-- she was a very sweet girl. We miss her every day 
Making this father's day gift is making me get kind of upset. 
how can my mom tell me i need to work on raising my weight??? i am eating at least 4,000 calories a day and i really can't do any more 
@jhicks  youre diabetic?   so is my dad.  &amp; i might be too, not sure.  are you still allowed to eat sugar throughout the day?
Oh boy this is going to be a loooooong day 
@tearose21 Wish I could be there to enjoy a girls day!!! 
This is what I have to give a 7 day old baby  poor thing  http://yfrog.com/6pwwlj
got an email from my auntie bout fathers day... mothers day w/seven moms but fathers day will consist of 2 dads    #realitycheck
@microautoe  One more day baby.
http://bit.ly/dIQF3 I hope some day my mom will get this message! 
It was going to happen one day but I so feel for the girl AND her mum 
@littleisis What time are you coming up here? I don't want to spend the day with mom 
seriously why did mum make me eat yeah i have a weird eating habit of not eating all day but really 
The day started so wonderful, but now our kids our crying because our kitty is missing  We just got back from posting signs around. 
has had a long day, and is about to drink the sadness away. I'm worried about my mom, goin' back to the hospital tomorrow. 
Hanging with kids all day makes me want one more  
@JennDelRey I wish I could have seen that movie  I'll take my sister one day so I don't see it alone lol
@alikat2k  i went to a 55th the other day, this is my mates, sons 21st
buca ALL day-wishing mom and @cloudboat were closer so they could come in and visit me 
sick  just hung out with cousins all day
was ready for a day of garage sale-ing with my mom but she's too sick. 
just leaving back to houston....without my baby. I've never been without him for more than a day. 
its a sad day.  missing my mom 
took a shower, now waiting for my mom to be ready to go to her friend's uncle's memorial service. 2day is a depressing day 
Feeling the affects of my 4:30 wake up. doesn't help that my daughter won't take a nap.  Loooooong day.
@miahernandes i can't go to see mcfly too  the june 6 is my grandmom's  b-day and i will go to my mom's house
I'm here all alone..  on mothers day! the only one who is gonna be home is dad XD hahah
last day with the aunts.  
had a lovely breakfast on  patio...  beautiful day today despite the historical significance in my life ... on 5/31/84 my dad died. 
Todays a down day 4 me. Just got 2 work, wishing i was home w/my family. I miss my babies 
My mom woke me up early on my day off 
up now ... gonna have a lonnnnnnnnnnnnnnnng day and night ,,, my son sick  
I cringe every time I hear a mom call their child a little bastard 
everyday, my day starts with children arguing and ends with children arguing. i thought having them close together would make them close. 
1 day has passed..terribly missing my baby! 
@JocelynWolff She complained to my mom! And plus her daughters were on there asses all day! 
I'm ready to get off &amp; be with baby already. Not my day. 
@therealTiffany you have to be kidding me! i just left their.no joke.to pick up my grandparents! really? i just want to meet you  one day!
@cnnbrk sad sad day, I am a brazilian that's taken that same flight before... my heart goes out to all families that lost loved ones 
what a gorgeous day shame i cant enjoy it got a baby attached to my leg 
@lilkattalik i wish it were aunt chrissy &amp; baby day... 
my grand fathers day plans have been foiled!  must go make millions now so dad can retire and not have to work wknds anymore 
Bring your mom to work day! LOL . please pray healing for my arm. It is especially sore lately. 
Today is my baby girl's LAST day of kindergarten. 
so, tired!!! the baby just refuses to go to bed!!! this is going to be a long day 
Two sick babies  I wish I had 4 arms so I could hold them both all day long
i just left my kids in a day care 
The last one of 5 kids,not having anymore,and he is getting more and more independent each day 
@stickysweetmom I'm doing really good. I am having a good day so far. I had to take my baby boy to the doctors this morning. He's sick. 
first beautiful day in ohio &amp; my moms had me doin yard work 
So I locked myself out my dads with all my keys inside.  bad way to start the day
not having a good day with my daughter, 
@MistyEyes182 I havent been in africa yet.. but i'd love to visit it one day =] my aunt has been there ! and it's cold here too 
just got back from grand mothers funeral 
had a great day with my mom!! wish she lived closer 
@linduhxdee wwwhhaaatt? on the 13th?  my brothers graduation is that day
ughh doctor &amp; my mom says i should rest the rest of the day. and i've been. but i neeed to study 
The day went to hell. Long story-disobedient child, killed a our hamster. I should have known better. It suffered and she lied about it 
toddler did not sleep well &amp; was in our bed from 1am hence tantrums galore &amp; no family day out 
is loving this day sooooooooooo far! but is missing my gorgeous boyfriend 
brothers baseball almost all day! 
We'd planned to take my mum-in-law out for lunch today, but she's ill    hubby is running some errands for her; hope she gets well soon...
my mother is going to be acting like a bitch all day . i guess my shopping plans are RUINED 
intense morning.... praying at the abortion clinic... pretty bummed now  say an extra prayer today for unborn babies!
july 10 - not looking forward to that day and my best girl can't pick me up from the airport 
Such a sad story to be working on such a gorgeous day  can't wait to hang out with my girls tonight!
my baby got love note on the last day of school. 
@nfinchgurl when we got older, poorer, and all those good things! I have been stuck home all day! I haven't seen my mama or michelle! 
My grandpa died 2day 
@FASHIONISMYLIFE  I havent heard from my wife all day 
got wasted, mom came and picked me up, now grounded, woo, what a great day 
wishes her unborn child would stop squashing her diaphragm!! I feel like i smoke 60 a day!!!!! 
asks everyone to pray for the souls of the children who gat ran over along c5extension this afternoon 
such a gorgeous day and husband &amp; i both sick. too tired to be fun for the girls. 
Last day with grandpa 
i miss my baby sister  she's comin home later, hopefully i get to see her before i'm out for the day
@sammieep my mum wouldn't let me, i guess i'll just get it from asda or whereever one the day 
I wish I wasn't working on this nice day, rather be bed with my baby still 
working girl  n its such a pretty day outside!
fire in mexico, at a day care.. 30 kids died.... 
hate going back there.. when can i just be a normal day girl??????? 
listening to a day to remember and waiting for my mom to get back from the hospital 
what have i been missing twit family! i been missing out on yall lives all day 
my baby's been puking all day!!  i hope he gets better soon...
planned a reunionpicknick with all the mommy's and baby's from pregnancy gymnastics yesterday in the park... it rained all day. 
writing fathers day cards has made me realise my handwriting has become shocking. too much typing probably 
At the shop getting ready for fathers day, management are twitter virgins 
@Tbaby25 idk if i can lay out today  my brother's car broke, so he's using my dads, so i have to truck him around all day until work. lame
It broke my heart to leave the girl this morning when all she wanted was to be held by her mommy all day 
Last day with my baby 
mom's moving to florida. i'm moving to my dads. it's my day off, but i somehow still have a case of the mondays. 
Is it normal to have 2-3 active belly movement days, followed by a day of very little movement?      #pregnancy #baby #babywearing
nicee day  but i missed my sister @PoliBinder! 
@DeejaySchemes moms been taking me there all day  not feeling it at all
sunburnt!! ugh. plus mom is pissing me off/depressing me.   might stay at courtneys tonight swimming probably all day with her tommorrow!
@meganlee92 sunday is fathers day 
just found out i'm working fathers day from 11 to 3. bummer 
my kids are on an everlasting journey to keep mom and dad from sleeping ever again! fml so damn exhausted from this every night 
Realised with sadness that I have no fathers (grand or otherwise) left to buy a card for for Fathers day 
i'm trying to focus on my paper because it's due in about an hour and i have had a real bad day my mom is in the hospital again 
just ate coffee cake. nana's moving 2day  i dont want her 2. family is coming over so we can help her move.
my daughter turned 14 2day.  now I know I'm old 
I have a child who is having a very, very bad day... 
i was on the internet the whole day so now my parents r mad at me 
Last day with my sisters here 
hates that fathers day and daddy's birthday are always the same week 
@sacret86 i feel sorry for you i know how it feels i found out the other day that my aunt from my moms side has cancer in her foot 
@MelissaDeCou i want to go but it's fathers day on sunday !! 
Morning all - miserable day  - daughter got sunburned yesterday .... silly girl didn't use the suncream she took with her ...
Why does it have to rain on my child minding day? No park based yummy mummy fun today 
I'm having a day in the house with my 4 month old baby girl jessica ... its been raining all day  rain rain go away!!
Missing my mom....wish I could tell her about my great day yesterday...  
off to make dinner - still lost about fathers day gift for hubby!!!!!!! 
no idea what to get dad for fathers day 
Last day with the parents 
Is being crafty for fathers day than off to bunco 
@shanedawson awh. you're fathers day vid made me cry too.  my dad died when i was three, so yeah. i feel you. &lt;3
just came from working at my parents store, ugh... i never have a great day there 
i hate my father he is fat ugly and he sucks!  i want to be alone father day  ugh!
@cosmicstarshine - she's comming down for fathers day!! whyyy   
It's also frustrating when your overbearing mother calls to inform you that you have to get a job, and ruins your day. 
@mssaltzman cant, its fathers day 
@DisciplineCC lol.I have to get kids up &amp; ready starting at 5:30 &amp; be to work by 7.It kills me  I know, I suck.If it wasn't fathers day...
bad day...really missing my dad with all the wedding planning. 
is awake sad day todat, last dinner with grandfather before he moves away 
Last day of my hubby's vacation 
my mom hit a squirrel on accident when we were driving, and i cried so hard. that ruined my whole day 
@sophiecmiller I'm torn b/c I've loved the show since day 1 &amp; the kids r SO cute. But J&amp;K are so awkward now! It's almost hard to watch 
@shanedawson just commented your fathers day video,  man hug twice*
 i hate when my boyfriend has a bad day!
At food 4 less. Lol still havent found what to get my dad for fathers day.  that man has everything!
happy fathers day to the dad i never knew...  lol
not graduating with the besties just added to the depression of an already bad day 
Doesn't look like dad is going to make it out of the hospital for fathers day 
its stormy outside and my son is sick..not a nice day 
rehearsals all day!! i'm exhausted.. going to see Carmeen to the funeral of her grandpa..  baby i love yoou! U.u
Just bought my dad a brand new laptop for fathers day and paying the bills right now. There goes that paycheck i just got 
Wish I would have sold some fathers day gifts. 
did NOT realize that moving out meant you were no longer invited to go on family vacations to celebrate fathers day 
is going to sleeeeep! i'm super tired.... i miss my daddy and he's only been gone one day 
wishing my beautiful, angelic daughter would go to bed so I can go to bed. had a long day, and another one 2morrow 
@shanedawson awe shane I just watched your fathers day video! I know Exactly how you feel, my dad passed away when I was 9 
So sad...don't want to go to work....this is the last day I get to teach my babies  saying bye is hard!
Getting ready for my first day of D.C. sightseeing- and my daddy's sick 
getting ready to head out for some father's day shopping...  still feeling all sickly but going anyways 
@mcvane  you ain't kidding.  her poor family.  but what a blessing to spend their last day doing just what the girl wanted.  
i never celebrate the fathers day 
I have no idea what to get my dad for fathers day 
lost a dear old auntie  this is a sad day....................
Maybe it's too late to return a father's day gift?  
hmmm might not be able to visit my dad on fathers day because they moved him to isolation 
I really need to go shopping for a fathers day gift... But I don't have my car!!  Ughhh!!! 
i wont c my dad this fathers day,i miss him  
well i'm in the city now, celebrating my dad's bday/fathers day this weekend. fun. text/call if you love me! 
It'll work at my mums so I'll do it next week when I'm at hers, if I can 
watchin open with dad, asked him to go for fathers day, he's too busy  sister grad, then bed, cpr recert in the am
I am dreading fathers day 
ughhh, no pretty dress :/ but i have to conserve moolaaaaaaa  got baby shower and fathers day schtuff bought for (:
@girl_from_oz lol not fair it hasn't been working all day for me 
am i the only one annoyed by the deluge of fathers day advertisements? its like they are rubbing it in, not all of us still have dads 
the day is almost over..... my son is sick 
Having a bad day because of my parents....   
Not really looking forward to father's day cause I really miss my dad. 
At my cousins viewing day 1... 
I am packing to go to syracuse and i am going to be away for fathers day 
Is looking for something to do to celebrate dads day san child  I think I will drive to oc
@brianpjackson i c. So ull be alone for fathers day? How sad.  well i guess u do have jim and kristi
Is honestly feeling really depressed with everyone moving.. And fathers day coming up... And I hate being depressed  
Wow i just found out that my dad will be on vacation on fathers day 
I just realized my daddy wont be home for fathers day 
 still have not found the perfect fathers day present 
is helping her mum with housework today  bad times!
In the massive queue at clinton's, buying a last-minute father's day card with all the other bad children. 
@mitchelmusso  yeah my father died wen i was 12 yrs old, realy wish i culd get him a fathers day gift............ 
Up early  taking my padre to breakfast for fathers day. then to the airport.
is reffing a bunch of kids attempting to play soccer all day... 
going to visit my dad a day early for fathers day, as working double shift tomorrow 
I still haven't gotten a fathers day gift for my dads. 
at grandma braps  boring day (N)    .
happy father's day! missin my dad! 
what a beautiful day.... I only wish my daughter wasn't sick! 
Wish we didn't have that much of differences so I could celebrate this nice day with my dad too 
@KatStep its fathers day, are you still annoyed with your dad then?  xxxx
Being away from home totally throws me off. I just called home to say happy fathers day...turns out it's not fathers day... 
Feeling slightly better, probably not gonna make it home for my brothers birthday / fathers day. Family is pissed - but I can't help it 
rowdy children trying to pull apart the mascot,with me in it,i could have done without that.overall,not the best day ever 
i just realized tomorrows fathers day.  fml... I miss my daddy..
boo is sick   i got work soon fathers day tommrow!!!!! what did u get ur daddy xo
@jayesel did they have the pens hats? I am told I need to go but one for a dads day gift 
@slayerofman happy father's day sweetee...mama misses you too much. 
@JillPeanut tomorrows fathers day foo 
I'm late on mailing my fathers day cards  sorryyy 
grandparents house... dad's day... and my eye is killing me... 
No cookout for fathers day 
I need to get a fathers day present but no one wants to go to the mall with me 
I was going to knit some socks for my pa for fathers day... it's not realistically going to happen 
cleaning and hanging out with the kids! last day i have them! 
just gave my gifts to my daddyooo bcuz I'm working tomorrow  happy fathers day dad!!
@ashleyymiller  well you could always phone himmm, wish him happy fathers day,? he'd be happy with that! alsooo, you got that cam yet? xo
attempting and failing miserably to wrap fathers day presents. come help! please.. anyone 
happy fathers day daddy- missin you so muchh rest in peace 
just bought a fab. watch for my dad for fathers day, gave it to him early, he can't read the time w/o glasses, so ill be returning it 
Celebrating fathers day without my daddy 
My parents are going to be the death of me   So much for fathers day tomorrow
celebrated father's day today 'cus dad would out out of the country tomorrow  had fun with the fam...shopping and the eat-out
how i wish i'm with my father on this special day.. 
happy father's day! pity my dad's out at work 
Lol to visit my dad for fathers day. 
enjoying fathers day dinner with sam x2, daddy has to work tomorrow  
@abcaitlin ditto, fathers day to....cant sleep in 
@KATaylor007 I hear ya on that one.. I keep tellin myself.. pretend is not fathers day.. pretend its not fathers day...  
@Mrsjag35 ya I'm goin fur sure haha but I got to work till 5  I don't think a dad wants fruit for fathers day. I know I wouldn't lol
@RandyOrtonRKO for wat its worth i wont be seein my dad on fathers day  it sad but at least u'll see ur family soon
it's almost father's day...  R.I.P daddy
seeing my bestie interact w. her dad makes me miss mine  ..ahh why does fathers day have to be tomorrow=/
happy fathers day! I miss my daddy. 
no i don't get to get my dad anything For fathers day i dont know where he is 
finished last minute father's day shopping..and cleaning 
girls came home early...alyssa is sick!  now its off to bed and an early morning for &quot;papa's&quot; day. haha missing hubby SO much. 5 more days
wanting to wish my dad a happy fathers day...but he's in iraq and not answering his phone  love you daddy
feeling sad..2morrow not a good day...but happy fathers day to all ur daddys 
Its officially fathers day on the east coast. have a good one everybody! rip daddy 
fathers' day. i love my dad. very much. and i miss him. 
I can't spend fathers day with my dad because I have to work.. I could sense the disappointment in his texts... 
been waiting for my dad all day..gahh where is he? 
3rd fathrs day since my dad passed.. And I still miss him lik crazy..  I luv you dad!! Wish you were still with us!!
watching the bucket list on fathers day... 
Home from the reunion safe and sleepy! It was a good day! makes me miss my daddy though 
wishing i was home to give my daddy a big hug on his birthday/fathers day 
its officially fathers day, too bad i cant celebrate it.... im a daddy, not a father 
i forgot to get my dad a fathers day present 
@Broooooke_ aww, i've never celebrated fathers day 
i think i got my dad a bad fathers day gift  
happy fathers day to me i guess...  i love you michael and kimberly... with all my heart!
happy father's day...  i miss my dad so much...
says its raining on fathers day.  http://plurk.com/p/12lw19
@grantlacey i feel you there. &amp;&amp; it don't seem to get any fuckin easier.  well happy fathers day
happy fathers day to all the dads out there...i dont get to spend it with my hubby 
tomorrow will be a sad day - another father's day without my dad to celebrate it with... 
what does a girl do if she doesn't have a dad on fathers day 
@ahayblah not so happy fathers' day. 
now.. so gloomy.. craving for my mom's tlc  i cried the whole day..
its fathers day for all those who have fathers 
happy father's day. but daddy's not home yet 
happy father's day. my father is dead. sucks. 
@Garts i dont have kids but i was up at 7 am 2day  happy father's day.
had to call my dad for fathers day since he's in cali  i miss him
happy father's day dad. I lalalalove you&amp;i'm sorry you're sick on your day  http://mypict.me/4Ozr
Hey - happy fathers day to everyone!  I am so lucky to be a father of 2 beautiful girls.  Wish I was with them today  
Just can't bring herself to say happy father's day when there is nothing happy about it. 
I'm awake, but no father's day gifts for me  Must get some children.
happy father's day sa lhat ng fathers.! haha. miss q wyf q. 
father's day suck 
Missing my dad on fathers day 
Wishes she could say happy fathers day to her dad 
happy fathers day dad, im so full of a cold, 
it's fathers day and i'm not even allowed to go and see my daddy  i hate my mother.
Mornting twitterville happy fathers day!!  woke up with the bad boy head ache  sad times I'm dying!! Lol 
its fathers day when my daddy is in canada 
its fathers day when my daddy is in canada  http://bit.ly/2PuZz1
happy fathers day pop. i miss ya  
Just realised it's fathers day. And not a single card or &quot;happy fathers day&quot; to be seen anywhere   
Wishes her dad was here  happy fathers day xxx
i have to work on fathers day 
@specialkdj I had to leave before u got there for mass &amp; father's day dinner 
sad it's father's day 
Has just remembered that I got to be a father on fathers day last year. A lot has changed since then 
I remembered to get my dad a fathers day present... I just forgot to get him the fathers day card! 
@ikki_oo I shall hun, I don't like fathers day as mine passed away 10 years ago so I find it hard to be happy  x
WTF was i thinking by staying out soooo late!.. Another sad fathers day 
crazy fires that ruined my movie on the river! poor tomi was scared  happy fathers day dad!!! i love u
hapi fathers day  http://plurk.com/p/12nqj9
I cant sleep... And fathers day stinks 
a day with the family was surprisingly fun. fu art homework 
uuuhhh, my sister woke me up for fathers day... i feel like im off to school 
julia has a fever   happy fathers day dad's
its fathers day &amp; jonathan is away  x
happy father day. too bad i dont have a dad 
its fathers day and my dad isnt even at home  at least i got to have a lie in
happy fathers day...i have the BEST dad in the world! but i miss my pop today very much 
hates fathers day   - http://bkite.com/08K6A
Oh and happy fathers day dad, even thought your 12,000 miles away from me  xx
happy father's day 
sooo sleeepy! work till 6 on fathers day  missing all the delish food! and missing my girls @kellbellsings @K8tiebear !
happy father's day, papa! i still miss you... 
says happy father's day! i miss my papa. i wish he's here  http://plurk.com/p/12oiiq
Its father's day.  
happy father's day! poor hubby has to work until 4 
fathers day &amp; I have to spend the day running around seeing people i don't care to see 
happy fathers day! too bad my daughter won't get to celebrate this holiday 
Is wishing she was at home to give her dad a huge hug for fathers day 
Hates that her parents are leaving on fathers day 
Ive got 2 go 2 my dads cos its fathers day 
sad because its fathers day  
it's fathers day.. kinda sad n0w cause i miss my papa. 
happy fathers day! wish I could spend it at home 
At work wishing i was home with my little girl on father's day 
i miss my dad  happy fatherless day (
happy fathers day dad!  too bad you are so far away  i plan to have a pancake race with kait in your honor!
Missing fathers day with daddy for practice and bitesize revision. gcse science tomorrrow ahmyygodd 
wish i could see my dad for father's day.  i hope he has a ducky day tho!
Wishing there werent 200 Miles between me and daddy  happy fathers day!
happy father's day to all the daddies out there! and to your dads! I miss mine 
I hate waking up to a migraine .. And on father's day no less 
happy fathers day! studying for finals 
happy father's day. sadly, mine won't be celebrating it  
happy fathers day!!!! my brother decided to sneak out last night and get caught...busch gardens canceld.....happy fathers day dad 
Ugh another fathers day 
@Shazbaz2007: soz not goin 2 mums 2day. Shes ill. 
happy father's day!  wish i could go on a bike ride with my dad today 
heartburn soooo bad. uhg.  happy father's day.
happy fathers day! i'm reading a book and i gotta go to the cemetery soon  have a wonderful day everyone! &lt;3
Even tho it is fathers day, I have to go to blessing of the graves.  I am away to clean, I done loads so far
@BrianConn well its usually 3 hrs b4 for me and 2small kids  but u have got a sister that owes you a few so has shemade you suffer 2 day ?
Wishes I could spend fathers day with my daddy 
I need to figure out how to be strong today...I know its been a long time since my dads death, fathers day is always hard? 
It's fathers day.  I miss you daddy 
at my aunts for the day, not going to the horse show 
just been out for fathers day lunch... horribleee 
@AlexAllTimeLow go liveee (again). i missed it  and i'm really upset right now. happy fathers day too
is missing his dad more than ever on fathers day. 
I miss my daddy  happy fathers day all.. appreciate your fathers, life is tooooo short.
Working on fathers day 
happy fathers day to all the responsible fathers. all my company left for the weekend, so its back to the grind 
No one's wished me a happy father's day even though I recently adopted a brown child.  #squarespace
Working on fathers day 
my dads at work so i can't wish him a happy fathers day 
father's day dinner was a disappointment. food tasted weird and below standard 
@grentone aww... too bad  I wish you a very happy father's day! 
What kind of fathers day doesnt start with the baby pouncing on me? 
father's day for the fatherless   http://plurk.com/p/12q365
happy fathers day! wish i was in weirton to see my dad! 
just called my dad to wish him happy fathers day.. tried not to cry but that didn't work... I miss him. 
happy fuckin fathers day.. 
: i miss my family  happy father's day dad &amp; joseph!!
my dad doesn't want to see me on fathers day for fear of me getting his other two kids sick 
Today is my bffs first fathers day without their dad 
is having a pretty crappy fathers day 
Missing my dad today-7th father's day without him 
Wishes I could be with my daddy for fathers day 
Working.  then celebrating fathers day at the hideout. And hanging out with jack!! 
i feel bad about not being with my grandpa on fathers day.i love him to death.i miss him alot 
My first fathers day without a father 
jealous of @starmike fathers day card! 
sitting at work bored bored bored and extremely tired !  happy fathers day to my daddy ! (:
happy fathers day! and to my dad in miami...sadness 
dude! its fathers day today!! lol I can't go out after church.  mom says its fam time. next sunday instead?
My dads always overseas on fathers day  will someone be his understudy.... Ladies?
happy father's day! going to the airport 
happy first father's day to my brother, I wish my dad was around 
i dont like fathers day minus my father 
wish my daddy was around still...fathers day will never be the same 
happy daddys day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i love you pappyy!!! I miss you 
i dont want to be awake. i called my dad to tell him happy fathers day, but he was too sick to come to the phone. 
today is ok i miss my woman and im going to my grandparents  fun fun happy fathers day dads
goodmorning everyone &amp; happy fathers day ! overslept by 15 minutes today 
happy fathers day 
Wishing my husband could be here for fathers day! 
wishes she can still kiss and hug her father this fathers' day.  http://plurk.com/p/12qp0f
Ughhh - fathers day - that means I have to call my dad 
happy fathers day! i feel bad cuz i didnt know what he wanted so im just takin him to a softball game. i didnt get him a real gift. 
I epic failed this fathers day.  we didn't even get cards.    I did make the coffee, though.  And offered to go to his fav breakfast place
is frustrated.... i need my phone! oh fathers day... i hate this day. i miss you daddy... 
happy fathers day to all the dads out there... i wish i was able to see mine 
I feel bad but I'm so not w/ the fathers day shh -we got him suttin n e way but let's jus credit him being around -less then stellar 
Missing my pop on fathers day 
wishes she could be home for father's day.  love you dad!
oh shit it's fathers day, I forgot. good thing I dont have a father anymore 
@Kikiusa so i totally went to coldstone the other day (fri) to get a fathers day cake and you werent there 
enjoying a fathers day meal with mom and pops before heading back to boston for my last week with the guys. move home saturday 
happy fathers day to all the fathers out there!!!!! unfortunatly im not celebrting, my dad died coz of cancer when i was 8  xxx
I've been chucking my cookies all morning, boo I have to stay home while everyone else goes to the fathers day cookout 
I wish i could see my dad but he lives 3000 miles away.  hope everyone has a great day spending it with their dads!
My cat got me nothing for fathers day. 
Too nervous to call my dad to wish him a happy father's day 
stepped on 2 tacs last night while i was babysitting. once on each foot.   its fathers day!!!!! going out to breakfast with my dad
happy fathers day!! still sick though 
happy fathers dayyy!...my dads working till 6:30 
happy fathers day dads.. stupid rain 
mom and dad arent even home for fathers day.. whatt the heck 
Trying to call my father to wish him a happy father's day. It would work if he would pick up! 
happy fathers day to everyone! I love my daddy! now off forcefully to church  lol!
@bowwow614 mines too...never got to celebrate father's day 
sweating my balls off outside olive garden. happy fucking fathers day. 
@everfound  fathers day makes me sad. please pray for my family
driving home   ...but tis to see my dad for fathers day! happy fathers day :-D
happy father's day to all the wonderful daddies out there...now off to find a vanity for the bathroom since this one is too big 
I miss my dad  happy fathers day
happy fathers day!!!!!! :] brandon's leaving for scout camp soon 
@sil_calabro Sounds like you actually have a life hun, haha. I spent almost all day here, no father's day celebration, my dad was working 
yesturday was fathers day, he should've told me to do it then! he doesn't get 2 fathers days. w/e off to do the dishes 
Another day filled with babysitting. I wish i could babysit my baby. 
sleeping with my dog. tomorrow is our last day of school  I wont beable to see my boyfriend everyday    
At the studio all day.. I miss my baby already lol 
mom has been in bed all day. I think she is feeling bad  
I feel like all I've done today is cook/clean. I miss my baby even though he's been w/ me all day.  &amp; I'm so tired. Diapers are put away!
has a 13hr day ahead of her... with 4 children in tow! I need strength 
tomorrow is not going to be a happy day. my friends are leaving me for 3 WEEKS!!!  and I am going to miss youth and maybe church - dads 
It's going to be a beautiful day--I am going to have a new granddaughter!  
@lisabirch #fistbump have a great day sis peace 
@kayleedewey look at you go girl! I hope you have a great day! 
So excited for a full day with my baby lady. 
My dads singing just brightens my day. 
just spent the day with her mom and brother 
chilled at home all day. supposed to go dt w/ katr, but her moms silly. and i was supposed to go to a jam, but my moms silly. dq in ten. 
@lcfrankie yes i had a wonderful day  but i can't help but wish that our prom was tonight instead of our mothers lol
Finally home from a long day. Really love my sisters 
heading to foster to see mom at auction and go to px. still a sunny day. 
had an amazing day with my parents and sister. i haven't laughed as hard as i did tonight in a LONG time!! i love my family 
enjoyed my daughter's gymnastic show 2day 
is getting ready for a day at the zoo w/ my person and hubby! 
off to start a day with my baby. 
Getting ready for the event of the day! @tsivas and my daughter's christening 
@buckhollywood ahh...4/20...senior skip day.  but i definitely miss my daddy.
is going to spend the day with her daddy 
Interesting tidbit of the day: roses and strawberries are cousins 
My lil twin nieces have their first b-day tomorrow  The house is all princessified.
Home. Found darling wife still awake.  getting debriefed on the day. G'nite all.
@ben_stiller may22 has been marked in the calender a while taking me and the boys to see it for my mothers day gift, love all your movies 
is about to go for a walk with the hubby and baby...then a shower and breakfast with the boys....going to be a stay inside and read day 
beautiful wedding day... pray my 3 flowergirls behave! 
@trishberg I'm doing good today. Have a fun day planned w/ almost all my daughters &amp; granddaughter. 
@JayAlbert Awww that is such a great way to start your day  How old is your daughter?
is gearing up for parents to come for the day. I'm making them lunch... which could be scary!  P.S. Allergies are not coolio!
Is spending the day with her babies 
My mom called into work for me, my hero. It's a perfect movie day 
just got back from shopping and i got my mum some perfume for mothers day. arent i thoughtful? 
@nicholasmw 1 day u will find that girl worry 
I'm having quite a nice day so far, heading to my dad's soon 
started to congratulate all my relative-moms, only to find out that mother's day is actually next sunday 
@JazzyLadee1908 laundry. &quot;golden girls&quot; marathon just started. u know what i'll be doing 2day 
what date is mothers day.. i will forget  :/
just woke up at 8:54. getting my dad to buy me this cute little plant for my mom on mothers day 
I've already made pancakes and kicked the kids out of the house for the day.. 
Today I celebrate mothers day early with the best mom in the world, dont even try to argue with me, i have the best mom in the world 
shopping &amp; spending the day with my mommy 
had a lovely day at the grandparents 
@itsjustkate and @rockityroll thx for the suggestions! they will be forwarded to my husband for mothers day ideas immediately! 
making my mothers day gift, well my sissy's and mine mother day gift  its gonna be awesome
@shawnieora oooh early mother's day present for you! Must be so awesome 
@shawnieora  happy mothers  day 
photo session + mother-daughters bonding session = happy me 
Watched 'The boy in the striped pj's' the other day too..one of the best films I've ever seen. 
about to take my mum out for jewellery shopping and a coffee for mothers day 
haaah, making the card for mothers day,  and listening to musicc
@SarahRoseteER happy early mothers day!!!! 
happpy mothers day 
Nyappy mother's day to your mom's. 
happy mothers day 
i'm playing left 4 dead with my friends gilbert and louie  its so fun  happy mothers day to all your moms! )
@TReiz well, not all. just stay away from those kinds and surround yourself with those who don't. happy mother's day to ur mom, treiz! 
happy mom's day.  i haven't bought a present for my mom yet. what should i get her?
in rye..happy mothers day mums  ily mummy  lol
happy mothers day x &amp; go the dockers 
planning for mothers day special for my beloved mother 
its so hard to get mum to answer the phone!! happy mothers day to her anyways.. 
happy mother's day to your moms 
says good morning everyone! Once again, a happy mother's day to all the mothers out there!  I hope you all h... http://plurk.com/p/stq3f
happy mothers day. @jadeeisabel oh and no i havent read it yet, will do now 
@dhgarske ha. nothing any man does is right on mothers day except for taking kids off mum's hands for whole day 
happy mommah's day to your moms  http://plurk.com/p/stqya
happy mother's day to all mothers out there!! 
happy mothers day to all those special moms out there.... i luv u mommy!! 
i am on aim getting ready to go to bed. running a 5k tommorow for mothers day. wish me luck! 
happy mom's day  http://plurk.com/p/stsir
wish all the mother in the flatworld have a happy &amp; awesome mother's day 
having a great mothers day 
happy mothers day to all you mums out there 
Going to church in the morning...happy mommas day almost  
happy mother's day 
@bkGirlFriday thanks! You're the first one to wish me a happy mother's day 
http://twitpic.com/4wave - aww since its mothers day 
@manoyjoe: thanks. happy mother's day to your mom as well. 
says happy mothers day to all mothers everywhere!  http://plurk.com/p/stz7a
gave my mother her mother's day present. she loved it 
bored.. almost mothers day 
Going I sleep today was a long day happy mothers day to all the moms out there 
started a great mother's day season!  
happy mother's day to all moms in the planet! 
i just wanna say happy mother's day to all the mommy's out there 
is excited about so R and R for mother's day 
@iveeanne happy mothers day to you as well! 
happy mother's day to all the mommies!!!!! 
happy mothers day mum 
watching because i said so! happy mothers day! 
working on mothers day slideshow, cake, card, and balloons  she deserves the best!
is fixin to clean the house for my mom for mother's day 
making my mom a mothers day card 
happy mothers day. ekin sayang mak!!! 
oh yeah... happy Mothers day to every mom out there and to my friend's moms 
It is mothers day somewhere  http://tinysong.com/koV
long, fun day  now for some relaxation. some TV with the mom, then sleeeep
Just had mothers day lunch here  http://twitpic.com/4wfeo
sassy grandma's make for a pretty awesome mother's day dinner! 
@cococutie4u  holla happy early mother's day
@JonathanRKnight awww such a sweetie. hope your mom has a wonderful mother's day too 
In walmart getting a mothers day card with every other procrastinating guy in chattanooga  slim pickings but got a good one.
happy mother's day!!! 
happy mothers day to all motherssss!  &lt;3333
happy mother's day to all moms out there... 
happy mother's day to all the mama's out there, be greatful and appreciate your mama 
phillies gamee with mama for mothers day 
happy mother's day! 
making mother's day gift 
happy mother's day to the best mommy in the world 
happpppy mothers day 
happy mother's day mothers.  
aww happy mother's day 
tomorrow is mothers day. so good food &amp; presents for mom. good to be back &amp; go to the junction with the coolest people at ollies 
@yonaa mothers day pak... 
@bradiewebbstack well then happy mothers day  ahahahahahaha
happy mother's day everyone 
@MariahCarey thanks you soo much i need this day for these five kids lol 
happy mother's day! 
haha so bored...but happy mothers day! 
writing out mother's day cards to mom, aunts, and AMYYYY can't wait for her to be a mommy 
@MollyMazy aww!  happy mother's day to you too girlie! kingston is lucky to have such a great mommy!
@BLaCkitaLiaNa7 ay uuuu  happy mothers day 
yay mothers day  i love mi madre 
mothers day, happy mothers day mom 
happy mothers day to all the mommies! 
happy mother's day 
I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
happy mother's day to all the mothers in the world. 
@jcharming its not mothers day on the west coast, tyvm 
happy mothers dayy 
its mothers day 
happy mother's day!  http://bit.ly/6fGxd
loves summer! and don't forget people, tomorrow is mother's day! 
@whatsyourcrime ok, so I'm replying!  happy mothers day, indeed!
I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
fuckkk i need sleepppppppp lol, happy mothers day mummy 
happy mama's day ladies!  have a good day.
to all mothers out there... or even soon to be mothers &gt;8D happy mother's day y'all 
happy mother's day mummy  i love you. xo
I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
Making my momma a happy mother day card &lt;3 I love my mommy 
happy mothers day to all   im off to spend the day with my family
taking mum to lunch for mothers day 
happy mother's day  
I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
@DawnRichard giv ya mom n gman happy mothers day 
Its offically mothers day!! happy moms day!!!    
happy mothers' day to all your moms! 
watching men n blk 2, wishin all the mums happy mother's day 
butterfly fly away- miley ray  , oh &amp; happy mothers day &lt;3 love u mami.
happy mother's day to all the moms out there. i hope i never join that crowd 
I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
is about to go buy his mother a mother's day gift 
happy mothers day.. 
happy mother's day to all thee mamas out there! 
just woke up from a 16-hour sleep. happy mother's day! 
I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
Wishing all the mommies a happy mother's day 
had a nice mother's day with mum. she liked her presents. wondering if i'll ever see some one again. talking to sisa. 
happy mother's day 
I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
happy almost mother's day 
is going to bed soon. happy mothers day to all the mothers  &lt;333 ryan less than 3 weeks :]
@ShelbyCohen mothers day gift 
I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
happy mothers day. 
happy mother's day! I love you mama 
@solangeknowles happy mother's day! you are beautiful. 
happy mothers day to my mom &amp; all the other mommies / moms to be! have a qood one ladies 
hapee mother's day t all the mothers out there! 
happy mothers day mam   little bit of a hangover now:$ need to do everything for mam now, but I love her, so for one day I'll do it.
this one's for the children..the children of the world....again i say happy mommies day to all and me too 
happy mother's day! 
I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
happy mothers day, too all mums out there  remember treat your mum well, she brought you into this life =]
i'm going to try to get some sleeeeeeep. goonight twitter  have a nice mother's day.
I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
random night of fun  now im chillin at home.. happy mothers day! 
@angiemartinez happy mothers day ang 
/ happy mommy's day 
I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
happy mommy day!! 
@JENakaGorgeousB happy mother's day to your mom 
I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
is happy mothers day! 
home bound for mothers day 
you tell yo mamma an em i axe how she durrin, and that i said happy mothers day. 
I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
@beverlykidd also happy mother's day 
off to pearlyn's place - gran's bday + mothers' day dinner tonight!  mom went for adults' svc today!!!  (L) happy mothers' day moms!
happy mother's day 
happy mothers day!! 
better get to sleep, dodger game/mothers day 2maro  ewl i have to wake up at 8!
Long day of dancin, travelin, and celebrating life  happy mothers day!!
is at the salon with my mom  happy mothers day mom!
I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
@blp2008 lol yep  tell rhonda i said happy mother's day!
just finished my mothers day gift  ill post the link after she sees it!
Lying in bed with my most favorit girl in the world. happy mommys day to me. 
o, and happy mothers day 
@SelenaGomez selena's mom congratulations' have a nice day 
happy mother's day! everyone have a great day and make sure you go see ya mommas 
@soulsweetness I will, n btw happy mothers day sissy 
happy mothers day... *i love you mom...* 
happy mothers day to all the baby mommasss! rofl 
To all mothers in the world : happy mothers day 
Wishing all the mommies out there a very happy day!!! 
today i salute all mothers and honour the feminine....and now its time for a beer 
happy mothers day!  &lt;3
happy mothers day 
4:15 finally home from the city.  - now time to head to sleep!!  goodnight! &amp; happy mommy's day to all the mother's out there!!
happy mothers day 
happy mothers day to all mummmyyysss out there 
you know you love your mom when you stay up this late just to wrap her gifts (which look glorious) &amp; hand-make a card.. happy mothers day 
@JordansUKgirl jonathan tweeted a happy mothers day  but that is all..lots from dave @retrorewind though 
says again.. happy mothers day to all your moms  http://plurk.com/p/svdsh
happy mothers day to all.. 
wishes happy mothers' day to all moms out there. 
had a great night last night, and happy mothers day to every mother in the world 
happy mothers day, love u mom 
i am outta here... see you guys later (or tomorrow)... happy mom's day again! 
happy mother's day, mom  I hope the breakfast was nice.  I love u ?
is having a quiet mothers day evening... happy mothers day to all the yummy mummies 
happy mother's day 
happy mothers day 
happy mothers day mum 
happy mother's day 
happy mothers day mommy  i love you so much, dono what id do without you ??
fighting with mum on mothers day 
still working on my mom's mothers day gift....shh, its a slideshow 
Is @ peace with himself happy mothers day to all 
Today is my first real mothers day with my son actually here  he wasn't born yet last year , can't wait to hug him when I get home
happy mother's day, mommy! hope you will have a good day 
is at my grandma's place with my mum, celebrating mothers' day in 3 generations. The 4th will come 
I'm still at the mothers day lunch at my uncles house. Having a nice time! 
@makikaysantos thanks love ) btw happy mother's day to your mom 
happy mother's day!!! 
happy mother's day mom. love you always 
happy mother's day 
hi to all twit friends  happy mother's day to all the beautiful and amazing mothers out there
going to bed happy mothers day people 
I'm so pleased with myself. I actually managed to run the whole 4km mothers day classic without stopping 
is back...been feeling ill and extremely busy all week. happy mother's day, to all you mama's out there 
happy mothers day to all the yummy mummies on twitter 
support @jessicastrust trust and honor all your moms!  support #matternal health. happy moms day:  http://bit.ly/Bpekk
happy momma day to myself and all my other beautiful moms out there!cant wait to get pampered tomorrow 
a pink balloon for mum on her day 
happy mothers day 
happy mother's day to all your mom's 
@tprettyman ask them what they have done with their lives. be annoying human beings? tell your mama happy mother's day! 
happy mothers day! 
happy mothers day to all moms out there!! 
happy mom's day 
happy mothers day  esp to my mommy
happy mother's day!!!     gr8 day
@zionxpress happy mothers day 
happy mothers day to all the beautful mums. 
Hopes every1 had a nice mothers day!  
it's mother's day...i already bought and gave my mother's day present to my mother. 
happy mother's day to all moms and pseudo stepmoms 
@mzfuller8, @mynervouscharm, @littlebirds, @sonsah, i hope you all have a happy mothers day! 
had a great time celebrating mother's day  to me, being a mom is the best job on earth!
Celebrating mother's day with apple pie 
@leah_dizon it's a little late but congratulations, leah  happy mothers day!
greeting you all a happy mother's day! 
happy mothers day! 
happy mother's day! 
happy mother's day everyone 
happy mothers day to all the mothers, grandmothers, furbaby mommies, etc!  heading out for breakfast with my mom shortly 
happy mother's day to my mum! I love her  
happy mothers day. 
feeling full after mothers day dinner 
it's a great day.. happy mother's day to all moms out there! 
happy mothers day to all my mothers out there 
is greeting all of the mothers out there a very special mothers day! 
@angesbiz my mothers day has been very chillaxed.... 
@ForevaJezz lol! i got my mum flowers (from the garden hehe) a really pretty photo frame and a mothers day cake! 
happy mother's day guys! adore your mom's!!! @lisamadanna i told her, she loves you  a kiss to your mummy!! i love youuu
I love my mum  happy mothers day!
im up, showered and nearly ready for work. happy mothers day to all the mommies in the world   still super tiered from last night :\
happy mother's day! 
#SanctuarySunday we have serious competition from mothers day, star trek and formula 1, it it weren't for them, I'm sure we'd be no1! 
I now know it is truly mothers day.  I have had the entire family, including the dog tackle and pile on top of me.  I feel the love!
Delivering babies on mother's day. What a nice concept 
sooo happy that i actually get to spend mother's day with my amazing mama!  
wishing all the mothers out there a happy day. off to breakfast at cracker barrel with my family. 
happy mothers day to all the mummyyyysssss! 
I reckon it should be mammas day everyday  I lova my mamma xx we should have a husbands day too.. I reckon our men rock!!!
@Jonasbrothers happy mother's day to your mom! 
happy mothers day 
@SuaveNYC - he does look like his mama  ain't got no papa so good job haha thanks for the mothers day love.. hope yours was a good one too
Putting on our self made mothers day shirts,so pretty yup 
happy mother's day to all the mommies i know! if i know your mom, tell her i wish her a happy day. haha 
worst dream ever... happy mothers day 
@Gennyfer happy mother's day 
Wishes all the moms a happy mother's day. 
happy mothers day 
happy mothers day  xoxoxoxo
happy mommy day 
around. its mothers day. wooooo...   
I have been awake and conscious for 10 mins and I am already having inappropriate thoughts...I need a nice mother's day *cough* nap 
what a beautiful sunday morning. happy mother's day! 
@j3fujiwara happy mothers day! 
Going to breakfast with the fam for mothers day!  ~alexander~
@joshgracinfan happy mothers day becky 
wow, happy mothers day for america  x
happy mothers day to all the moms out there... (mine is the best) 
had a social weekend.. It's a great day today.. Mothers day + my neice's b'day lunch.. A great family get-together.. Luved it 
off to church and to see my mom, happy mothers day 
Headed to breakfast for mothers day 
happy mother's day to all moms out there. 
misses her mommy  happy moms day to moms and mommy- figures!
it's mother's day. 
happy mothers day to all the mommies out there! 
happy mother's day  working, booo.
@TraceyHewins  no worries, happy mothers day x
spending mothers day with the fam. going to see my sister 
happy mothers day!!! making pancakes for mommy 
happy mothers' day to all the moms out there--especially mine! 
Watching jaws. :] and i wished my mommy happy mother's day 
@DavidGuevara haha-true true  So what are you doing for mothers day??
@PaperCakes : happy mother's day 
getting ready,out with mommy for mothers day 
happy mother's day!!! yayyy 
happy mother's day everybody 
@holliehixson happy mothers day! We are on our way to the 10 service  see you there
happy mother's day to all mommies 
happy mothers daaay! 
I wish every mother a happy mother's day! 
happpy mothers dayyy!!! 
'i got it from my mama'...happy mothers day 
boom diia   haappy mothers day (L
happy mother's day! 
On the way to church and it's mother's day. 
happy mother's day ... and to dad's .. it takes 2 
Hey It's mothers day 
happy mother's day!  breakfast in bed, book of coupons from the elder, gorgeous day.  good times.  now for that long run 
on the way to church! happy mothers day mommy! 
back from friends house.  watched titanic yesterday! omg, i love leonardo dicaprio. ;) why did he have to die?! + happy mom's day. 
just got home from dinner with the whole family in serendra... that was really fun!happy mother's day to my mom and tita 
happy mother's day to all the momma's out there. 
@ctmini27 happy mother's day lovely!! i hope you have an amazing day!! sending big hugs &amp; lots of love!!  &lt;3
what a beautiful morning  happy mothers day!
just woke up,happy mothers day 
so tired! work 9:30 to 3:30 then spending time with my momma for mothers day! 
happy moms day! 
I love mothers' day almost as much as I love my own birthday. 
happy mother's day! 
Going to church.  (happy mommy's day!)
actually nvm its mothers day ......lol  
I think I win for best mothers day present 
happy mothers day love you mom  &lt;3.
happy mother's day everyone 
Morning and happy mothers day to all the mothers of the world  We love you
@its_claire happy mother's day! 
is tired. but happy mothers day 
happy mothers day! out all day doing mothers day stuff. brunch at waters edge then cookout at nicki's and margo's house 
happy mother's day 
happy mother's day 
happy mothers day to everyone.... maybe @lisacink will share her tiara 
I want gritts!!!!! Who wants 2 make me some  if u do ill wish u a happy mothers day  (cause that's what I do since I'm such a nice guy)
happy mother's day amazing moms! 
@mrskutcher: happy mothers day 
good morning! happy mother's day to all the moms. i hope everyone will have a wonderful day today 
-- happy mothers day mom!  http://twitpic.com/4x153
happy mother's day to all the moms, especially mine! 
happy mothers day 
is its mothers day! 
To the mothers -- thanks and happy day 
mother's day evening really was about mom 
happy mothers dayy, out to breakfast with my mommaa 
wishing all moms out there a happy mothers day!! especially all the moms in the armed forces 
@thekimnichols happy mothers day 
Ugh.tired.happy mothers day 
is wishing her momma a happy mothers day  iloveyou mom.... going to my nans lator to spend the day with her mom &amp; the rest of the fam .
happpy mothers day  - what are you going to do for your mothers ?
@OHmommy it's mother's day!  make somebody else refill your plate!!!  happy mommas day &amp; enjoy the food!  
@momtrex1 happy mother's day 
happy mothers day! I love my mom  I love how she thinks I have nothing to give herrr. ;)
happy mother's day mama... I know you're watching over me 
happy mothers day to all the mom in the world!  i have a lunch date with my mom later. love yah mom.
headed to mississippi to see my nanny for mothers day  its going to be a great day!
my mom asked me what time i got home last night, i then gave her her mothers day gift she forgot what we were talking about.... 
gooodmorningg and happy mother's day to anyone that's a mama  churrrchhh tiiiimmeee.
i love my mom. happy mother's day! call your mama you jerks 
happy mothers day to every mommy out there! especially my own 
happy mom's day  i love my mommy with all my heart!
@ladyharley99 tell your mom i wish her happy mothers day i hope you feel better 
@ddlovato tell diana i wish her a happy mother's day 
happy mother's day!! to all the mothers soon to be mothers and those of us mothers to furry four legged children 
wishes everyone a happy mother's day! 
happy momma day!!! coffee. shopping.  gardening.  
@natyygiirlx33 hey girl!! happy mothers day 2 your mom lol  wats upp luv u
oh and happy mothers day 
Spending the day with the best mommy everrrrr   
happy mothers day to all the mothers in the world 
happy mothers day  def excited for brunch, veggie and cheese omlet please!
@sarahgami happy mother's day dear: http://is.gd/yA6a - with much love 
happy mother's day, tweetie 
gana be with my mom for awhile.......happy mothers day 
happy mom's day 
happy mothers day  i love you mum 
@paulaabdul happy mothers day, paula! what did ur puppies get u? haha 
@mrskutcher @aplusk if i told my mother you botth said happy mothers day i think she might freak lol cheers neway 
hm, have a happy mothers day 
hanging with my mommy all day 
@ScaperSuse yeah, I talk to her a lot on the phone   have a happy mothers day up there! 
happy mothers day to everyone 
church then family  happy mothers day
Going home with steven for mothers day and He's driving me nuts! 
happy mother's day, mom!  I promise I'll survive the playoffs this year 
happy mothers day to me&amp; all the moms out theree 
spending the day with my mom 
happy mothers day 
PS happy mothers day 
@TheDailyBlonde happy mommy's day 
starting all the mothers day festivities!!  happy mothers day to the mama's out there! 
happy mother's day 
happy mother's day to the most wonderful woman in the world. i love my mama 
happy mothers day  .&lt;3
@adanicol I also speak 4 languages, well, I try to... n-e-way... going to help my mom cook lunch! it's mom's day! gotta do it! 
@lemills it just dawned on me to say happy mothers day mom de pum  
My mommy liked her mother's day gift 
@ashleytisdale @mileycyrus say happy mothers day to tish and lisa 
@BrbKys happy mother's day 
happy mothers day to mine and yours! 
Aww  my bosses bought me flowers and a gift and the kids brought them to me saying, &quot;you look after us like a mom so happy mothers day&quot;!! 
@verybadlady holy crap you are amazing. happy mothers day hottstuff! 
@bigvallysgirl That's great. I guess I'll have to draw you something for mothers day 
happy mother's day 
happy mother's day mom 
oh, and happy mother's day to any other mothers i know! 
happy moms day! 
Having a very happy mothers day 
happy mothers day 
yay 2day is my 1st mothers day as a mommy 
happy mothers' day to my @momtweetmom 
happy mother's day! we're heading off back to the beachh, and then going homeee!  &lt;333 text itttt.
gotta go now! its mothers day, but i still have to study before we go... wherever we're going. bye! 
happy mother's day!! 
At work...hahahaha...happy mothers day to all the mothers 
It's my first mother's day! (sort of) 
good morning mamas! happy Mothers day! mimosas to you all &amp; a delicious brunch too! 
@moonfrye happy mothers day 
voicetracking my shift so that i can go to see a play in staunton for mother's day. yayyyy! 
happy moms day  just cleaning because the family's coming here &lt;3
1st mother day for my wife 
happy mother's day 
happy mothers day 
@chrismichaels  did you tell your wife happy mother's day...just think how exciting the next mother's day will be when that baby is here 
happy mother's day mommy 
happy mommy's day! 
just woke up. got some good sleep in  happy mothers day
happy mother's day 
@lalavazquez:  happy mothers day  ur a great mom....
happy mothers day to all the mommas 
new babies on mothers day  sweet
happy mothers day! taking a shower, then getting ready for a cook out with the fam 
@DebbieFletcher congratsss debbie! happy mom's day! hope you have the bestest time today! haha  love you xx
Unfortunately my mother is no longer with me..... So today I give a special &quot;I LOVE YOU&quot; to all the moms that are still here 
@ChelseaHatherly oh yeah I'm goin to buy a gift to my mom because of mothers day xD and... happy mothers day to ur mom to 
Getting some breakfast for me &amp; my mom for mother's day  - http://bkite.com/07kUx
i love my mom so muchhh! happy mother's day 
Is heading to bg to have lunch with the family for mothers day 
excited to spend mothers day with my &quot;kids&quot; 
@elizabethmunro just so you can celebrate mothers day, my mommy is your mommy  &lt;3 so now you can't hate mother's day !
happy celebrate the wonderful woman who cleaned your butt when you were a baby day! 
@FishyyyCrackers: tellll herrr I say happy mother's day and I love her 
happy mothers day  http://www.modeldaily.com
@sailorscorpio  happy mothers day to you too!!
mother's day! off to see the family  tweet me?
happy mothers dayy 
Oh,and happy mother's day. 
happy mothers day! go phils!!! 
spending time with momma  happy mother's day to all the moms out there!!! xoxo
at the gmaw's house, doing mothers day. 
happy mother's day to every twitter's moms 
yesterday was sooo much fun!! last night too &lt;3  live long and prosper. happy mothers day! ;)
happy mothers day if you're a mama! 
happy mothers day! 
@davedays happy mother's day too 
happy mommy day 
helping my lovely wife prepare a mother's day feast.  happy mother's day to all the mothers 
happy mothers day!  
happy mothers day ! 
happy mother's day ! just hangin' around with the mommy  going out to grandparents around 1:00..then food shopping !
happy mothers day 
happy mothers dayyyy ! 
happy mothers day ! 
happy mother's day, mom  get better !
happy mothers day 
tell all your moms happy mothers day from dave  1337!!!
A happy mothers day today to all or just to the moms! 
@bmariestyle happy mothers day  ( for the future). What are u doing for the rest of the day
happy mothers day 
@jimmymusic awe I hope you have a great day todayyy and happy mommy's day I lalalalove you 
happy mother's day! hug your mommas. 
happy mother's day, going out to eat with family 
happy mother's day 
happy mothers dayyyyy.. my mom is spoiled. 
if it makes you happy why not?!?  happy mothers day! Thanks to all those mothers, cuz my cute friends would not be possible without you.
@Jchawes hope your wife has a great mothers day too 
happy mothers day  i love my mommy
happy mothers dayy 
happy mothers day!--out with mom doing errands and getting our nails done 
another day of rehabbing at the preggo's house...happy mothers day. 
happy mother's day to all the mother's out there! 
happy mothers day mothers. smile like you mean it. 
@sambennington happy mothers day, sam! can u tell elka i wish her happy mothers day too? 
is wishing all the beautiful mother's an amazing mother's day 
work till 3 :l happy mommmas day mothers ! &amp; my mommy of course 
happy mother's day. so happy i got to have breakfast with mine today 
enjoying my mothers day home with my family 
happy mothers day  hope all moms have a great day
giving my mommy her presents  happy mothers day
Getting ready to go spend the day with my mom!  I see mimosas in the near future...teehee. 
Is excited to go out to breakfast with her second family  happy mothers day all!
@theroser happy mothers day - well not to you bc u are def not one! lol-but to youre mom  she must be amazing considering youre her boy ;)
Just relaxing and enjoying the day with all the people I love  happy mothers day!
life and lunch... spending the day with my momma 
happy mothers day i hate my mother tho 
happy mothers day mama! sunday lunch with the entire fam...gotta love it 
@Jonasbrothers hey guys i know you're busy and all.. but tell your mother happy mother's day! she should be proud of her boys! &lt;3 ik i am 
happy mother's day to all the mommies out there!!! i love my mommy 
happy moms day 
@BrittaniM tell ur mommy happy mommy day too!!!!! 
happy mothers day 
happy mothers dayyyy 
happy mothers day to all moms out there. i made my mommy breakfast today 
happy mothers day 
@Sophistikated tell your mom i said happy mothers day too. Shes also very nice 
happy mother's day 
@LucTill happy mother's day!!! 
happy mother's day to all moms 
@soniablaze happy mama's day!!! lets get that baby out tn 
Nothing says, &quot;I love you&quot; like a homemade mother's day card 
gonna clean the house and cook a nice dinner for my fabulous mother  happy mother's day 
happy mothers day 
last night was amazing, happy mother's day 
tell your moms that i said happy mothers day 
hopes everyone has a happy mother's day 
off to the best friends house  happy mothers day 
happy mothers day. i love my mommy. 
@DYNASTYLA24 tell your mom that i said happy mother's day 
@GeriSomething happy hot mommas day! 
happy mothers day  i love you mummy
@alydenisof happy mothers day to you 
happyhappyhappy mothers day!!! im filling up my moms new mp3 with her favorite songs  i love her
happy mother's day 
happy mothers day jjfad 
happi mother's day! weeeee 
happy mothers day gossipgirl only 8 months to go 
I wish all mother's a happy mother's day  
@fifi_luvs_free happy mothers day to you the bestest mommy ever 
Aww. 12:52 am already. :| ) Belated happy mother's day to all the moms and moms to be. 
Goodmorning &amp;&amp; happy mothers day to all the mommy's 
@lalaugly hello yakky! happy mother's day!  -abi
happy mommy's day  &lt;3 my mom!
happy happy mothers day 
@michaelfranti thanks for the mothers day wishes 
leaving @nicolepomarico 's soon, then mothers day stuff 
hmmm today is mothers day...... happy mothers day moms!!!! 
has a great hubby who remembered her this mother's day 
happy mothers day to all the moms 
mom has enjoyed her day so far  hoping it gets better for her!
My mother's day has consisted of my kids letting me sleep until 11:30am! But back to work as a mom, it never ends! 
happy mother's day!  @lockielee @jenvarner73 @mommymoser @nonnie21751 @leahface
oh what a night.  showering and celebrating mother's day! x
Heading out to jump start my relaxing mother's day with a trip to the playground with my boys 
waiting for my mom, happy mothers day! 
@cambie he really does have nice eyes. p.s happy mother's day! 
going wih my sis to pick up my moms gift then spending the day with my mommy 
hhapppyyy mothers day 
@Beadalicious yea, ain't he the cutest, i put it up cause my bg said happy mother's day, and i won't be a mother with out him 
Having a wonderful mothers day 
happy mommy day 
I hope everyone had a great mother's day....I know I did with my daughter 
got done with the mothers day cookout.. everyone is leaving   we all had fun though!
@mrsrickandchris my wife said it did   What day u on?
had a wonderful mother's day. simply delightful 
thanks everyone for the happy mothers day love! 
studying for bio , and wishing my mommy a happy mothers day 
happy mothers day, i love you mom 
I hope every mom had a great mother's day! I had a fantastic time today swimming, cooking and laughing with my family 
Being mom for a day was so tiring! The couch calls me 
Mothers day is such a great day 
is SO full! And my little sisters came over....had a blessed day 
@cathi_fuhrman I'd use that as an excuse too for a mothers day gift  .......
great day--boiled seafood, family, and 4-wheelers 
Just got to costa messa for a mother's day dinner  I can't wait to eat I'm starving!
@kiabutta happy mothers day 
@joeymcintyre Thanks, it's been a good day.  Wish the mom's in your life a happy mother's day for me too.  
happy mothers day 
I really enjoied my mother's day!!!! 
Moms, I hope your day was filled with love &amp; happiness!  goodnight!
is with her cousins, at home..happy mothers day 
I know imall late but happy mothers day to all the mommys out thurr I spent mine wit my mommy and sister and nephew 
mother's day dinner with mommy &amp; the fam 
@jordanboesch happy mother's day 
saw one of my best buddies in the world after 20 years!! what a great mothers day!!! 
happy mother's day moms! bless my boys 
@JessyOhYeah tell your mom I said happy mothers day!  
at rent with my mom and sister. so amazing. 3 original cast members. happy mothers day! 
had a  great mothers day. i love my kids  
@agoodfried aw happy mothers day amanda, your little boy is so cute 
@panchromatic why thank you!  it's been a really great day, i hope your mom had a good one.
Just finished mamas day dinner now about to walk it off 
@HalSparks Your mom IS awesome.  I hope she has had a wonderful day 
@cocoancream happy mothers day 
happy mother's day, mommas. &amp;&amp; i'll see you kids later :d 
happy momma's day to all you people's mothers ;) i had a good day... 
@urpowerful wanda's voice on its own is even hilarious. happy mother's day! hope you had a lovely one. 
fun day!!  i love my mom!
alright ... may not be on for awhile. handling business - pray for me  oh and happy mothers day!
@adrienne_bailon http://twitpic.com/4yhp2 - salen bellas, me encanta tu cabello .. happy mothers day! 
@HOTTVampChick I will, but it's still mother's day so I should keep the one of my daughter and I up until midnight 
had a great mom's day.  very relaxing and very loved-mostly loved 
@enchantedviolin: I hope all is well and that you and urs had a wonderful mum's day 
but my son brought me flowers... and the day was saved 
Picking up the mothers day gift my sweet adorable dog left me in the hallway. Its brown.  http://tinyurl.com/p4894e
@suzyqprincess i'm glad you enjoyed the mother's day dinner i made you  love you mum
After a long day of packing and unpacking...this girl is ready for bed 
Going to go join mom in the hot tub now....   hope you all have ANOTHER day of ordinary miracles again.  
lovely sunday. starting the day off w/ a walk  with @LuvlyLeah and the babies. 
@AugustNine I loved star trek  It was my mothers day gift to myself !!
Contemplating a sisters day. We've gotten closer now that she's older 
having mommy-daughter shopping day again! i heart you mom 
I woke up early to hold my big mama for one last time before her surgery.. after, I'll be holdin my skinny mama..Its a good b-day present 
One day shopping with mom! 
on the way to go shopping with my mom..hopefully we'll find something for fathers day  
at dads for the day,relaxxing. 
I've been watching baby shows ALL morning.  so much to look forward to one day 
family guy always helps out a stressful day  
wakinging up smiling! mom is in town and the day off 
is sick with teh fever.  but im so happy that my baby took care of me yesterday the whole day so i'm feeling so much better 
it's FRRRIIIDDDAAAYYY!!!  after school i head straight to my grandparents' house for memorial day. my mom and new puppy are there too! 
Would somebody tell my hubby @bigdotmedia that he should give me a day off by going to my parents with the kids for the weekend!!!!!! 
Just got dad his fathers day gift at the ace hardware store. 
@UsborneJody lucky for me my wife changed all the other diapers that perfect day... 
@codyplaysguitar the handsomest baby dog.  day after tomorrow!
going to lunch..surprising clarin with the gift of her family, they drove up one day early for her bday 
Yay day spent with a 21 m/o with a rapidly expanding vocabulary.  Grandparents(me)have SO MUCH patience   Where was it when I was the mom!
shopping day with mommy 
