Most common words for this cluster:
[('day', 3404), ('today', 144), ('time', 143), ('way', 133), ('rest', 84), ('nothing', 84), ('hope', 83), ('lol', 78), ('amp', 77), ('night', 69), ('morning', 69), ('everyone', 67)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'day', 0.901793360710144), (u'Brainiac_Learn_something', 0.6314675211906433), (u'reading_Huetter', 0.6150150299072266), (u'week', 0.6149052977561951), (u'days', 0.6079389452934265), (u"Today'sa", 0.5990653038024902), (u'morning_TheJournal.ie_brings', 0.5936030745506287), (u'morning', 0.589006781578064), (u'just', 0.5860787034034729), (u'time', 0.583839476108551)]





So many channels.... yet so so boring... lazy day again  may have to find a hobby
day 2. a lot harder than day 1. let's see how day 3 goes tomorrow. 
One of the hardest thing with this schedule, no one I can chat with at the end of my day usually 
The one day I have to go to school is the same day something exciting happens at parliament square 
@Horrors_Wench Me toooooo! I feel like I've been on the verge of an anxiety attack all day.  
off to town. forgot to charge my phone so don't think it will last all day 
morning everyone!! still feeling poorly!   hope u all have a good day! x
@Indigored_hot  sorry your day was a waste, hope you found some good bits in it and YAY you are homeward bound.
its day one of my ivf injections so let the fun begin 
In this day and age doctors shouldn't take this long with results 
@dajbelshaw sounds like my every day  except gym
what do u do when u find out that the person u supported and stood behind since day 1 tells u that in the past they tried to blow u off. 
morning!! good mood, bad pain. lovely day for staying in bed again 
nothing much, not well, in bed all day!!! 
@flurogoddess i would hope that most agree with you there. a worringly long day  hope all goes in your favour x
@nikkiwoods me thinks it's a bust 2day, we're to late, we overslept  But I can still keep u entertained w/o the perving lol
preparing quotes all day can be a tiring job 
starting a short lunch break. must be short. my paper is not as far as it was planned to be at this time of day 
One day back in the office and I feel a cold coming on. Or it was my raw vegan indiscretion. Either way, I don't feel so good. 
this day is set to drag. 9-7 is not my ideal shift. 
@ellielocke you have 1 day till easter? no fair, i have two days and two exams till my easter break 
I have a bad feeling this is going to be a doozy of a day... 
not looking forward to the rest of the day!! 
getting ready to go to class... hitting the gym after that and then studying the rest of the day and into the night 
suuuhleepy in class. zombie for the day. essay kept me up last night 
And my pen just ran out of ink... It's going to be a good day. 
i watched man vs food for like 4 hours the other day 
seems like we've wandered from our nap schedule to day 
@Jestess65 I wish I had the day off. Some people have all the luck.  
sleepy.. i guess i'll go to bed now.. log day of shopping! with no shopping for me  i'm saving money.. (trying to..)
will be going to dentist later in the day for braces readjustment 
feels she wasted her day off. 
It's raining outside and the forecast say rain all day. crappy start to the weekend 
@xaleahx, i've been waking up at 6a everyday and it's been amazing! except next week i have to start waking up at 4a 
Last day of vacation.  going to the outlet mall. Hopefully I won't go overboard on cute girly things!!
On the way to D.C. for the day with Jillian. We're on a charter bus anD I have to pee really bad. We're in traffic 
@tokissthecook you are very suspicious of spring, my friend. my status has changed, i am rested and ready for warm but cloudy  day.
god its a gloomy rainy day 
another awesome day. reffing hockey...missing her   
what a day, didn't get up till lunch time then cut my hand on a breadknife 
On my way to a 100plus day! 
last day of lazy 
@micalynmiller09 I'm sorry micalyn   . try to feel better and enjoy the day!
@rudedoodle I'm sick the next day without fail, no matter how much or what I drink. If I got to bed, even feeling tipsy i'll puke 
morning twities! beautiful day so can head for la right now. just heard of an event. so mad! missed out on quality time 
sick all day yesterday with the flume  so upsetting. watching pretty in pink right now to recover. this movie hurts me.
Has to miss silversun pickups and sunshine day  hjerlkrjk
had a fab day fought the migraine off before party lack of sleep is catchin up start on case studies again this next week then final exam 
Apparently it's record store day. Such a pity does not have a (single good) record store.. 
Why is it that I love all the things I shouldn't? It's very unhealthy. It's going to be the death of me one day 
It's such a beautiful day... wish I had a photography buddy with me right now 
Everyone is enjoying the nice day outside  I hope my day gets better
spent the entire day with phiroze&lt;3 now, catching up on homework and studyinggg 
bordeline cases... the best thing to be thinking about in the early hours of the day. 
  still no phone. bukas pa raw in the afternoon...  oh well, i survived 7 days, what's one more... day...  another day, another destiny
at an insane amount of food at @bombnomnom's dinner party... last day of our four day weekend tomorrow 
ate an insane amount of food at @bombnomnom's dinner party! last day of our four day weekend tomorrow 
nice relaxing day today....i should write something in my journal....i wish i was in sf again 
chilln' - felt like i had an unproductive day! 
Off to the park with the kids. Last day of their holiday.   
i have been trying all day but i simply cannot find the motivation to start this five page paper. 
Headed to spend the day in acres of tulips...missing someone bad though 
@andykaybc lucky...I'm not tan enough  sad day
@BondiVet my cat is obese, she's 19 and has kidney failure, she twitches a lot but she's very happy....dreading the day though 
@gracefreeman grace you just made my day, it's such a good album!! not many people i know like it tho  favourite track?
Wow, #yaymen has quite some momentum! And this should happen on the day I'm super busy... can't watch the jury's fabulous twitterstreams 
lovley day out side and nothing to do 
coursework is not a fun way to spend the last day of the holidays 
@katehughes That's very motivational but unfortunately I'm going to be stuck at a computer for most of the day 
the 17th was a horrible day. ! i hope things get better. 
It's a lovely day to be stuck indoors doing housework 
nothing 2 do 2day 
What a lovely day to be stuck inside. 
what a day so far! a mixture of  and decision making!
awesome day at the beach! 20+ baptisms... great fellowship... garbage can drums... pijja hut... all in one day! only bad was arsenal lost 
is drinking coffee at the moment.. tomorrow's the first day at school after the holidays 
Reese pieces in the morning are no way to start your day 
itsgoing 2 be a boring day 2day and it school 2moz 
*sigh* no stitching yet.  This is a BAD day. 
@harriet75 aww sorry your having a bad day   what's matter ? if you don't mind me asking
trying to fcram my projets and over assignments in the span of a day 
is paper writing for the 3rd day in a row 
I wish I didn't have all of this stuff to do, It's such a nice day, and I want to fly my kite 
is at lola's 40 day mass &amp; memorial reception... then hw? booo 
last day of  spring break  i think tht went by waaaaaaaay to fast!!
party day at work. me, dan, martina, donuts, girl scout cookies and arizona iced tea.. today is going to be a good day.. except homework 
a beautiful day! to be stuck in tech at the theater 
still in a funk, but need to clean and study for the rest of the day. 
last day of spring break  chilllen, chemistry packet and stuff.wahooo
Ugh.....Later guys. Might as well enjoy my last day before school starts. Feels like 1st day all over again. 
okay i have had a super long day and i can already tell i am not getting to sleep any time soon due to loud music 
missed first day back cos of my bloody insides 
@nineteenaugust welcome! I'm missing free cone day. What a bummer 
had a great day but shame it has to end 
 back to college for me now havnt had any sleep very tierd! hope its nice and sunny 2day
first day back in reality. off to work now after my 4 mysterious days missing from everything. im rly hoping no one asks where ive been 
Just did an interview and I think I buggered it up  It's impossible to be erudite at this time of day. Without a drink in hand, at least.
is thinking I'm in for a right day every thing seems to be going wrong  but on a plus note I got my lovely new telly 
stuck in college on a day like this  gutted
Finding it hard to get going this morning..Mondays are always quiet. Not a food day to start my new eat well/keep fit campaign 
Another day, another 50c... every wonder why you're doing what you're doing.. must be more to life than this ... surely 
@shefal unfortunately I can't quite afford gold and diamonds...maybe one day in the distant future! 
@KingMao *teary-eyed* not even for a day to trade it over?   *walking away to dark corner*
Some people make me so angry and suppsed to be so called friends grrrrr great start to a day 
@lucyjspence It was SO fun, I had such a lovely day. Really is a shame you guys couldn't make it... How are you feeling? 
Another beautiful day, I'll be enjoying it from the inside of the library 
is up at 6am on his day off.  was going to dishes to pass the time.  sadly no hot water coming out of the taps! 
tired ... still and now i have to work with my crazy boss all day 
hates being a girl one day every month. red flag days are here.  http://plurk.com/p/p5zpm
going to bed, insomnia sucks, especially when you have an appointment the next day. 
I think I might be walking into a Spanish test right now! What a way to start the day 
Another day, and yet nothing has changed  
Gorgeous sunny day, stuck inside working 
3rd day in a row of feeling a little sick. Uhg 
Also I just realized that almost everything I talk about on this is negative.  I'm going to dedicate one whole day to being positive. 
A day of back to back meetings 
Really need to finish this dumb report, spent all day looking at the same five pages 
Enjoying a lazy last day of mini-vacation...back to work tomorrow 
such a sad day lost two followers  and my friend that skid class with mevlfft without me 
stiff neck and another rainy, chilly day... great start to the week 
Another day with lots to do. 
@twinklybee  one day lovely, one day   no chance of a 100% mortgage, or a loan for the deposit from somewhere else?
@angelastyles had chocolate (no surprise) still not helping no cure for being inside on a sunny day 
@oregano42 ew, fisheyes.  if it helps, it's due the day kinsmen opens, which is just awesome. at least i like the topic though
I don't feel good for some reason 2day....  
@aisle4Records yeh i spose we have big day out and soundwave. but nothing better than that as far as i know 
The sun is out and I am stuck in a lab with no windows all day 
Ridiculously tired, at the bus stop at 8.30, dreading the day ahead... It can only mean one thing... back at uni 
want to lie in the garden all day now and read my 'persia in peckham' ( @persianpeckham) book but i've got meetings to go to 
Starting the morning with a boring meeting is not the beginning of a perfect day 
says it still hurts lol..this is enormous pain..from falling yester day 
 worst day ever!! its raining.. i want to eat, and i want to go home.. ='( http://plurk.com/p/pbh1r
its difficult to get through the day when you haven't got a friend to help you through it. i miss francine.  sigh.
@farinab i was stuck between bethnal green and liverpool street for ages. not the best place to be on a scorching day 
Another lovely day..shame i'm in the orafice 
@AlexKol21 lucky you ! it's raining here...sad day 
Hectic day... I used up a red pen.  I have to go buying new one.
It's such a lovely day outside and I'm stuck indoors on my sewing machine 
it's only 11 and I'm already having a crappy, stressful day 
iewww morning already? shut up alarm clock  ....game day. wish me luck!
(@pandafandanga) iewww morning already? shut up alarm clock  ....game day. wish me luck!
#cfs you are permanently tired? why is it you still have the energy to be at the computer all day? - looking for a serious reply to that 
@gem_27  cause they're all doing the applicant day...or have they just ditched you? 
day 1 of hardcore studying done. Now 2 more to go. 
it's 12:20am and my poor hubby is on an airplane, poor thing...he has had a nightmare flying day spent almost the entire day in airports 
@jonasbrothers your live chat day is like, my busiest day ever. if your chat is longer then an hour, maybe i can watch it! 
back at hotel after a looooooong day. had fun. saw redwoods. went wine tasting. had awesome food. time to pack and get ready to go home 
Is having a bad day, as had a fight with my g/f 
@melapoo I kind of know what you mean. There aren't enough hours in the day. 
I've had a bad day.. Mostly @gustav1992 's fault... 
today is a day of washing &amp; homework methinks.......... 
.sigh. woke up late. where did my day go 
such a lovely day....shame I'm stuck inside 
morning all not looking for this 10 hour shift at wor to day not only that ill be in a dead zone so ill be tweetless 
@fcandle not so good, went out with friends today, wished for a great day but so many bad things happenned  you?
still witing on a e-mail from blizzard  going to be a great day no sleep and a pot of coffee, I'm ready to take on the world
@beforeyoufallx *sigh* it seems you have got to bed  we've been playing phone ping pong all day
such a beautiful day... its a shame i have so much work to do 
@marketingveep I've tried to come up with a communion-day threat, but they're all sacreligious 
doesn't appreciate the effects of alcohol the next day 
Another boring day. 
Waking up with a headache is not a way to start the day 
@SylviaDiscount boo hiss. That's rubbish, poor you  One day you will get you revenge ;-)
I think today has to be a cleaning and errand day. No other choice when you let things pile up. 
I'm sure missing a certain someone on this dreary, rainy day. 
i realise its a nice sunny day, yet ive not gone outside yet 
I'm so tired an have a super busy day!!!!! 
I swear this day can't get any worse  I hope later will be good fun!
Wishing I can be at bamboozle right now..studying all day 
Having a no good very bad day 
feeling very sad and lonely....  waiting for a new refreshing day to star..........
feels really bad that she has not seen or spoke to her siser all day and it is her birthday 
my heart hurts. it took a brutal beating today. like 4 times playyyyed in one day...that shit cant be healthy 
@babybabybaby no i didnt get no doubt kimmel ticket  but i have to work that day probaby
2day was a krazzy day...had a great day but then had a fight  try to stay Positive but spend time with my godson
sitting at my house after studying all day... tiny bit bored 
@upxfromxbelow I hope you get the day off love  I got it, but I'm obviously not going without you
Just leaving the beach. We had an awesome time. Even tho i had an ear ache all day. 
Still in my undies lol best day ever scrubs is sad 
got a boring day ahead 
return of the 24hr toothache!   time for mimis, tomorrow is our big adventure day in LaLaLandia.  
not to self, wearing high heels all day = cure for sprained ankle... until you take them off 
just got out the shower, tired like something old and fraile  day two of reset begins in less than two hours... bring it on!
looks dark outside and cold and its raining  sigh... welcome 2 my day off..
last day of a long weekend  later going to the city, i need xbox live points 
Having a day of nothing 
@larinalou my apologies for not making it as I was working all day 
@xms_janex   LOL have a fun day
A long day: tons of homework cleaning and laundry 
just woke up , going to be a boring day . 
Approximately 2 fist-sized servings of fruits a day do not keep the flu away  been having it since the crowded bus incident.
feeling sick today.   was supposed to go to the grand am race, but it's going to rain all day...not worth getting sicker.
Just checked the weather and, surprise! It is going to rain on my move out day = stuff waterlogged. 
it's sunny 4 the 1st time in a couple days. don't think i'll have 2 worry abt it raining 2day! O wait, i'll be in the library all day 
It's a crappy day in the poconos....rain and chilly....where did spring go?? 
homework all day  gross.
has been inside all day..didnt even notice what a lovely day it is outside..shame its over 
reveling in the beauty of the day. too bad our deck needs a good washing before we can enjoy it. 
i've had hiccups allllll day.  so annoying
my eyes hurt from crying all day! 
stuck inside crunching the numbers while it s gorgeous sunny autumn day outside 
gah I want to get out of this feast day volunteering thing tomorrow. can't think of any way except to be 'sick' but then i'd feel guilty! 
off to bed - another long workday tomorrow and it'll be the first day without my cool coworker 
@pure_ice i love you! i'm sorry you had a bad day. 
my body is deciding that it needs rest. why today of all days? left bats day early because my body shut down and called in sick. 
@omghaidonovan i long for the day that i can tweet while on the go...  lol
Having some sort of stomach issue... I've been on injured reserve all day 
@drmeganjohnson  The other day someone told me they would NEVER go camping with me   we're on different ends of the spectrum!
The end to my lazy day is sleeping early cause the week begins tomorrow  Weekends should be 1 day longer...
got a day off but lots to do! 
No drink for me 2day. I'm officially a pppeeeeevvvv dodger 
aaaaaahhhhhh a glass of wine at the end of a long day......i'm getting old 
so early. can't focus. pretty much screwed for the day.  i hate being such a disappointment to people.
Feeling sick  and study all day long!
Reading me talk pretty one day. The youth go asia chapter made me cry a little. I miss my dog 
Why doesn't the smoke alarm battery ever die during the day? 
Most probably am going to spend my free day off school inside seeing as it's a dull dull day (weather wise) 
Cleaning up after the day befores antics 
I have no clue who won, i just know that i could not fall back to sleep.   Another day begins on a high note!   LOL  
better get up now, it's raining though so no grand day out 
and the cat smacks me around till I get and feed her on another beautiful rainy day 
@ilaam reading u said your diet had gone wrong which 1 are u doing?I'm trying raw food 1,start off well each day but then goes all wrong 
@iamjonathancook ... i'm imsomniac every day  welcome to the club.
just got up to a miserable looking day 
@alitrad but they might come round again, i felt bad that day had to pay fot it to get fixed 
back to work, would rather be enjoying the sun but i will be stuck inside all day 
another day of fun filled c/w XD.... 
but the good thing was, i had an amazing luch with my girlfriends!!and now i have to do homework for the whole day 
wishes days didn't involve doing things.  There's not a thingless day in sight.  
@becca_bean is it allergies? or a bad day on the way  so far my allergies haven't affected me - I'm so grateful!
I feel like an unemployed person... I have nothing to do the whole day 
@defib  fine.... I'll just be sad all day...
Morning!!!! Another day of slanging sandwiches.... 
@itiseverlasting lame!!  hope you start having a better day
absolutely a very bad day! feeling sorry for myself! 
I have a confession. Yesterday I went out to eat. It wasn't Organic, it was fast food, I felt like lackadaisical crap the rest of the day 
Working out without sneddy  sad day
chilllinngggggggg. long day. Somethings missing  loveeeee you babe.
i want to be in bed all day, but then i'm smacked with reality and responsibilities  time to hit the showers.
@andrewhellmich  get 1 every single time, the longer the wedding the worse the migraine. I eat &amp; drink all day.. I dont know how 2 fix it 
my amazing day just got completely ruined 
Todays goal - try and ignore fact its a lovely day and complete all coursework making 
I think it will take me another day to complete  i might have to leave my laptop on again =(
@hotnsaucey the day is over my good friend. 
Interesting day yesterday played cricket and had an arguement with south african wicketkeeper- ended up with a broken leg  purely frea ...
busy busy day... now going to relax and watch greys and numb3rs... can't believe the weekend over already 
@Neaveb  you will one day. love you!
@HortonHearsAWho i haven't. i had a long think about it the other day 
didn't even get a mothers day card...  lets see if i get a birthday card tomorrow
i think i'm going to stay in bed all day cause i'm ill and it hurts everytime i move. 
Nothing like portfolio immunisation to start the day 
@1sweetwhirl you too honey. Thanks although my day is like any other day except for the flowers     
@DebbieFletcher I know but I usually have to do summing else on that day  and they are usually too far away! I'll keep a look out though X
This day was too long.... someone hacked me  I'm sad 
got sickkenning  cold, flu, cold.  how did i get this in one day? rest is in order
@isacullen not really, things got better for like a day, and then screwed up again  how are you feeling chick? not still ill i hope &lt;3
I'm hungover and still in bed, bad times! had a quality day yesterday though, I dread to think how much beer was consumed! my head hurts 
@panacea81 what eyeshadows go well for grey eyes, i always thought they were green till the other day  x
Ah - what could be better on a sunny day than working indoors trying to hear above the sound of next door's power saw?! 
@onelessobvious ive spent all day doing anything other than revising 
Another beautiful day stuck in the library. 
last day of intramural soccer...forever.. 
bloody hell!  where did the sun go? today was supposed to be pool day 
Only one more day of &quot;Into the Woods.&quot;  I will miss this show greatly!
Seriously starting to feel a little sick, but not sure when I can take a day off anytime soon 
i wish i was dead so i could see u happy one day!! so emo xional 
is done with hoping for a better day. whatever life, bring on all the bad days. i dont give a shit anymore. 
bad day.    also, my eyes are heavy with sleepy sand.  firefly and bed.  possibly sex.
time to get ready! got a busy day ahead and didnt sleep last night 
@abbigshmail The same thing happened to me! It worked perfectly for a few months until one day it literally fell apart. 
@woodenboat  20.00 bucks ! I thought they were free and the docks 10.00 for the day 
physics all day everday 
i am sooo tired this morning and ive got a busy busy day 
@dylanwins so the other day you texted me &amp; i couldnt really text back b/c ive been working none stop i'm sorry 
Just looked in the mirror for the first time in like a day&amp;my face is even more swollen..Ahh  nausea&amp;pain. I should have a great night.
Morning twitters. Another dull, grey day  a day in the beer garden, is out of the question.
@the_dieter that was like just over half way throught the day and 1500 is my daily total.  yesterday was a complete write off.
has a bad-hair-day and is not allowed to wear a cap in the office... 
@GreatRock have hucking great day. Thoughts will be with you as i plumb a sink in 
Morning everyone. Another day in the office   &amp; horrible weather!
not a good way to start the day      WTF
sometimes I think the on thing I want most in life isn't just going to turn up on my doorstep one day 
*sigh* This is not gonna be a good day 
@ClaireBoyles I try that every day - stuff still rolls over 
@DonniesGirl69 @DWsEventualWife  its looking like Ddubs going to be down under for his b-day  booo for us  http://bit.ly/FIdQW
A boring day 
the adrenaline from my 13+ hour day is starting to wear off...things hurt that shouldn't hurt 
thinking about the long day a head of me, shopping, doctors, bowling, cooking, and somewhere between all that sleeping 
wondering if i'll be able to meet my friends tonight. It's been a long day for me, and all i want to do right now is to rest.. 
has decided that catching the bus to uni each day is just plain annoying 
@shann93x extra extra long day. 
@Boddingtons my prediction from the future is that your day will get steadily worse 
ugh rain  not a nice way to start off the day
y does life have to suck so much i thought it was the best day and turns out it is the worst day in the hole world 
beginning the longest day ever by waking up late. no time for starbucks ohnoz! 
Its looking like its going to be an awful day already 
2day is the  1st day in a LONG time I don't have anything that needs 2 b done.  Now I can see my house NEEDS 2 b cleaned. 
What a day *faints*  - clearly 2hours sleep is not enough to recharge  - it's the need for more knowledge, yup i'm blaming that... :p
Just got done working out getting a shower and then going to work, another day at job 
i woke up today with a bad taste in my mouth wondering when school is going to be over seems like each day gets longer and longer 
you're too quiet!!!!!!!!! @thirdbase7  hope you're having a good day so far!
@gilboise eugh forgot about it. imagine how much better my day would be with more meursault in it. booo 
Needs to get ready for the day! Being conjested with allergies just stinks!!! 
@GenTrigger i can't   The new green day album has plenty of seeders if you want that instead
was dissapointed by eurovision and has literally done nothing all day. feeling ill 
another boring day... 
Oh noes. It is council clean up day 
Napping all day I've been sick with a high fever  no fun!!!
@kattyakattya sad day  dallas is no fun
Long tiring day! Its been great though. its effing hot and there isn't anything to do  - Long tiring day! Its bee... http://bit.ly/MAVOg
Is extremely tired &amp; resting the body for tomorrows work day 
I've gambled away about 60$ tonite  I'm on my way to gamblers anonymous one day. I suck
having troubles with my lesson  guessing this day will not go smoothly as i wanted
Revision day hurray  I'm staying in bed for as long as I can.
slow day. haven't done a thing so far 
spent the day shopping with babes.  ehh its so hot still bleh 
is going to be stuck watching football all day 
Nervous for the online check-in day  I have to it quickly.
Nervous for the online check-in day  I have to do it quickly.
mid day - hoping i'll have the stragth to carry on i'm feeling really frustrated 
how bad can my day get? 
hates this day!!  (tears) :'-( http://plurk.com/p/ubsxh
Is someone out there trying to tell me something????,  my day can't get any worse 
@Garts That's me on a fine day! I can drive 150+ yards but as soon as I hit the green I can't finish the hole 
Last day here in happy valley 
Doing well so far...havent gotten out of the bed yet.  trying to plan my day out.
what a boring dull day! 
up way too early to move some boxes into the new place...also spending the rest of the day trying to prevent an oncoming cold 
life is SO boring without my phone... i want random obsessive distractions in my day... day 3 without calls.... 
@graciekate No.  I'm a loser. I don't know if they are being triggered hormonally or lack of caffeine. I normally drink 2 liters a day
@katecallison that's makes me sad  I hope one day you're forced to watch it, love it, and thank me. That's how I picture it at least!
is up! the sun is shining...feels like it might be a good day...time to get dressed..what to wear? I need to do laundry 
as soon as my body stops shaking my day will begin.  help?
can i have a little relax, please? today's summer day and i must study, like ever, when i'd like to be on a tropical beach, or with vary 
last day of painting/cleaning up before carpet comes tomorrow...Partycake is sick  
Just finished working @ Maxledendag, nothing better than dealing with senior citizens all day  glad that's over with!!!
that's a sad, sad day when your coffee maker dies 
studying all day for my last final...wish i could say last final ever 
what a horrible looking day 
i hate packing....and cleaning...a day full of hate 
Last day of the boat show...and it's raining of course 
@yourrockerchic ahhh, okay, i'll be main stage most of the day and prolly miss her again 
last day of eating real food for a longggggggg time. 
hope them celtics win. bout to go to church and study all day for finals. damn 
@MommyMelee ughhh, sorry to hear it   hope the boys cooperate and make your day easy.
@Rochellewiseman eaten lots on your day off then roch? i ate too much too and now feeling really ill 
dammit, was having a nice day for a few minutes, then family royally pissed me off and now I'm just locked in my room and depressed. 
wasting this beautiful day by doing math extra credit 
sad day  not in the mood to breathe, let alone do hw and clean.
isn't doing anything all day... 
pretty much laid in bed all day. feeling sick 
so much for spending the day studying.  fail.  whyyyyyy did I have to get sick today? this exam will not be a success. 
Is tired from a long day of dancing 
@sshreyas fortune favors the brave but the idiots pull them down trading halted for the day 
getting ready 4 bed at this early hour  maybe a rough day ahead or a need for health
Inauspicious start to the day...dropping my tea mug 
looks like its a day of not eating. really ill 
Up for another day of... joy of joys, studying. 
This is my last day smoking, so of course I can't sleep 
so sad. marian told me we could go see death cab but lied!!! &lt;/3 we'll be leaving that day. i'm so sad. 
@ianhf looks mightily expensive plus i'm chained to meeting rooms all day  whens beerage?
@candice5355 i made cookies the other day and now theres none left 
so many things due on the same day.... don't know where to start 
morning everyone...another rainy day in wales 
I wish I can take my hair off so I don't have to redo it the next day. You white people have it so good 
feather duster and hoover kind of day today 
Hardly any sleep - go through terrible phases of getting too hot and then not sleeping - very sad day just taken my mum to the station 
@spldrttngrl yes I did   and the day before that, and the day beofre that   I'm not living very long and prosper right now
wondering how can i spend the day.. waste half of it alrd 
@AnneFTW I forced myself to do it one day. its the only thing you really can do.  and I love the night.
I've managed to damage relationships with two persons and one department. Such a productive day 
hungry  but excited about world duty free staff sale 2day DDDD
think this might not be a good revision day... 
Really in the mood for an upper 80's kind of day. 
what a boring day  is anyone there to chat with'?
No internet connection the whole day in the office. How cruel 
hard day with diffcult decisions to make/ 
two day week, nice, shame about the weather 
What a fscked up day, nothing went right! 
ahhh does this day get any worse!?!  at least it was hot gym instructor night!! a small glimmer of happiness in my day!
@SasaLoves they are quite sad indeed  i guess itll be a jeans type of day..
totally trying to rush my children through the 'getting ready' process... it is the SAME every day  what is the issue?
@ToniC813 well that's retarded  but I hope your day goes well....maybe the adrenaline from having a new job will minimize the symptoms 
just having boring day  xD
gets to cut grass all day 
Doesn't not want to go to work! Lovely peaceful day apart from that worry! 
@mattystar26 i miss you to - aw *hugs* i hope your day gets better 
this going to be a long day! working 9-9 
is not having a good day - my speakers have broke (music is a must while working) and a bird has pooed on my washing 
@miss_starfish *hugs* Not my best day ever, no. 
losing  hope...this day was bad  i wnna go ,eat icecream now..
Driving to work for my 14 hour day. 9 to 1, 115 to 5, 515 to 11 after crying myself to sleep.  I'm  so fucking stupid.
last day off b4 back to work.  got plant to get in the ground.  fussin with cold that won't go away. 
this day is not shaping up nice-like.   need more go-juice, i think. then i can be jittery w/ my agitated...
Today is the day...my last day. 2 finals to go, then packing up my whole room, then saying goodbye to all my friends for 3 months.  sad.
another lonely day spent forgotten on the coffee table 
says bye plurkie, it's been a boring day  http://plurk.com/p/ukr61
@heathsharp Why is fucked love? You seemed so happy the other day! You know i'll always be here to help you &lt;3 There must be something... 
Morning Tweets....G2 all day today sick as a puppy 
so bored in class and its only the first day  somebody save me! lol
Its a dirty rotten day out 
I seem to spend half my life creating Aweber signup forms  And the other half working out what Aweber have changed to day ;-)
LOL@ me &amp; my grammar 2day! I'm so fckn tired &amp; not feeling this career woman shit 2day! 
went to collage 2day for one lesson! revision time now, exam tomorra 
Working.. I just got a ton of payments to post  at least the day will go by fast..
@FoodStories @SianySianySiany I must have twiglets. MUST. No roast pork till pay day 
Wish I wasn't stuck in the shop so I can enjoy this pretty day! 
I'm so tired.. it's all because of the stress. I wish I had atleast 1 day without anything that needs to be done! 
Crossing things off my horribly long to-do list...last day in E.L. 
@mattownsyoface well your day has to be better then mine. i fell down my stairs in the backyard and it hurts 
just got homeee. another day of family bonding. getting stuff situated for the funeral  i miss you grandpa
Oh what a shame what a rainy ending to this perfect day. my day ended bad  but on the bright side I will be getting my sleep!
my nose hurts....  typical, the day my step-mom decides that the velvet tissues are to expensive is the day I get sick!
had a horriable headache all day..  so much for a great day off. went to cub to get some grub..
I really love my best friend-the flood gates open the day we go our seperate ways 
I had a long exhausting day apartment hunting....and once again....no luck 
G'nite everyone.  One more day at work 2-10 tomorrow wish me luck  looking forward for my 3 day weekend whoot whoot
Ah  last full day at school today. bad times. cant believe its come round this quick.
have to eat mash potatoes all day 
sleep...why can i not?...last night got drunk and i slept all day but i really need to sleep...long day 2marow...lots going on. busy busy 
@cassiusaway In my direction, and from a great height. I'm now covered in pay day poo. 
internship day 3: not looking so good. run out of ideas  seriously stuck. &amp; well, feel broke!
@eBeth I wanted to get involved in #ebethchallenge yesterday, but I was in meetings all day- suspect my collegues would be a bit confused 
Second day of jet lag is always the worst 
@mikeywalsy good luck, although you should be fine. I'm on route 4, been extended twice since I signed up - day 3 is now up to 113 miles 
oh my it is so humid out. Last day of training, I think its going to be a short one, 3 day weekend then back to reality 
@SamChampion omg green day are playing a morning free concert  i wish i had known sooner
Wishing it was tonight already... This is going to be a fun day 
Ugh. Another snotty day. 
but its also a sad day for some seniors it will be their last day today  but when its time to move on its time to move on ttyl tweeps
@CharleyBoorman I am unbelievably envious...one of my biggest ambitions right there and you get to to do it on a normal day out 
@TimmyGrunt that's my back. And yes.... It'll kill. But that's another day. It'll be a 2 hour sitting 
I missed 3buses n 1train.It's a day which's long time to wait something 
@thedevilslair i'm sure! I wish I had a good used bookstore here. Even if I found one, I'd likely not be able to read anything  sad day...
i feel so bad  this day was... strange and scared me.
my day feels soooo empty!..why oh why?.. 
Someone just pointed out to me that this day one yr ago was my last day of sixth form, where did that time go? Also I miss 6th form 
Waking up with a headache is such a great way to start the day.    
5 day forecast and every day shows rain, guess the kids wont even get to have their field day next week  no cook outs this wkend either
@Rakitan you mean the sun? This is day two of some major major headaches so I'm working in the back office in the dark 
In driving class all day   Lots of people apparently getting speeding tickets lately.
@sandyra Did you enjoy your b-day? I know I'm late... no excuses.... just apologies 
Another cloudy day.... makes my back hurt! 
I miss you, our friendship and our day mono 
This morning, i slipped getting into the shower and hot a busted lip from my shampoo bootle  ...a great way to start off my day
@GoldenTwittie so am I! &amp; I'm feeling sick 2day 
@littlemonalisa going to see if i can rotate day/night shift.. oh and of course day shift is a pay cut..  
its senior skip day and im going in for a half day. i'm lame. 
I moved to 'the sunshine state' for a reason...6th day without it. 
i'm finally up lol, first day off uni for a while and i have to study all day for exam tomorrow  
had my last day at the kitty shelter 
@djaaries I didnt even get to hit up anything. had to rush back next day 
@mindtechnica sheesh!  I forgot it's a holiday weekend.  I guess when you're unemployed everyday is just a day. 
is on day 3 of bed rest....... 
it's amazing how messy my desk gets just a day or two after i clean it 
last proper day of school today (studay leave after half term). iv been waiting for this day for ages. now i feel a bit sad 
bored , said all the feelings i hate i m feeling 2day ...  !!
bored, sad  , all the feelings i hate i m feeling 2day ...  !!
Last day :O I'm going to miss everyone soooooo much 
i failed my task for the day.  i didnt do 200 crunches and i didnt do 300 legups! darnnnn
had a bad day but a better night. Looking for someone to take the pain away... 
this day just gets worse &amp; worse..i just need it to end. looking for chocolate 
a day of reading what joy 
i'm tired  got to stay up all day now. bbc says it's going to be chucking it down all day. so i might take my book to the bay, not barry.
wishing everyone could just get along  just one day?
G'Nite everyone. Another busy day in the morning.  
@woeiTweet don't have time to fb 2day beside checking on my maxis bill. They don't bother to call you back to update you on the status. 
in keyboarding last day of keyboarding  tomorrow is delanas last day  goin to kelci's house today!!! then church kinda nervous.whatever
Last day of community service. 
I just spent the last hour trying to figure out what to wear for my last dress down day this year...fail. I have no fashion sense anymore 
longest day of my life...  so sore
one day left  its just starting to hit me that highschool is over
holiday with daily activities? what a boring day I've got! 
so my sister is livid that we got in to rehearsal today  it was sheer luck! the day i rush out the door &amp; don't put much effort into
is getting ready to say goodbye to my seniors!!! what a sad day it will be 
all i've wanted to do all day is sleep..and now that i have the chance, i'm not tired? boo 
foods taking forever &amp; a day. not cute. 
@selenagomez aw ...that reminds me of the time were i had to leave my niece for about 3 month, day by day i felt like someone was missing 
average day, did bugger all. was meant to get my common tests back but nooooooooooo, teacher didnt give them back! 
Just dawned on me that my 17-chaps-in-8-days just got cut to 5 day writeathon since I am volunteering for the humane society all weekend! 
hard day  hay wackos you can also stock me on my space/marcmez
Off for my flying lessons. No, no flight day today. Just shitty theory 
It looks like it's going to be a wonderful day....pity I have to work 
@rlcpbiatch happy birthdayyy! hope you have an awesome day. didn't see you at next last night! 
@chocolovere i feel the same way every day 
should be sleeping.  lost my voice a couple day ago.  
arrrgh. i'm bored. so bored. there's nothing to do except slouch at the computer all day long. 
just tried talking........voice died before end of sentence! Annpyimg thing id, i feel fine!! Another day of not playing the hits 
Today is going to be a normal day for I hope. We had a group of pilots from a large airline come in last night so it was too much drink 
Not a good start to the day left my money at home . So i'll hot a day me looking for free carparks 
@dawndela yeh still have the weekend, but I get weekends anyways, today is my full last day of vacation time 
3rd day of pain 
@bareknuckleyell not the best way to start your day 
@YOitsEILEEN And web-less starting the day after that  #homeless
TWEEEEEET! good morning twitterland! going to work at 1 so need to keep packing and cleaning this flat! move out in t minus one day 
I can't feel the weekend fever anymore when everyday is  a day off 
Just woke up! Annnnd have just realised I missed un uber sunny day...score 
@SuFiGirl35 well that's no way to start the day off !!! 
my lord! this day is going to slow 
What a dreary, rainy, crappy day. 
Again, I'm stuck in traffic jams ... Somewhat starting to be the same situation every day. That's sad, really 
Not feeling it 2day, just left the glasses on  peace and unity.
Has anyone else woken up one day and felt like they acquired near sightedness over night?  Everything is blurry all of a sudden.
thought I was going to have a fun day 
Brilliant day today, got the car washed and got a washing done! Just have to go to work in an hour 
Loving the sun today, even thought I should be revising. Not a good day though, been at Kates all afty, shit day for her bless her  x
Getting ready for the theatre but I don't seem to like any of my clothes at the moment  I Might just wear what I've been wearing all day..
Oh noesss seniors last day  However, tickling will till he was on the floor giggling made it totally worth it. Plus, a senior sandwhich!
wish i can be with her every day 
the start of my day was finding a lump on my body... went to the hospital... apparently its nothing! fewfffff! bloodtests suck...  haha
Never before in the field of human conflict have so many hard drives died on me.   What a waste of a day.
gosh it's anoher cloudy day  wish they would go away.. or rain..
rainy day = Home do what I love to do =WRiTTING MUSiC, a dream dat I gave up on a long time ago 
I miss having nothing to do except lay out beside the pool every day of the summer.  That was much better than spending all day in class.
lazy day, staying off the foot as much as possible. 
Guess I'm gonna try the nap thing again 2day, but since my kids haven't cooperated with it yet this week I'm sure 2day won't be different 
ate like tons of chocolate today...  3 weeks of eating healthy, all gone with one day of unlimited eating! LOL
Has research guilt as I spent the day feeling sorry for myself with a cold.... will need to spend significant time coding this weekend 
@Massawyrm we watched that one day in the middle of playing-- it REALLY doesn't hold up 
@jonasbrothers brazil LOOOOOOOOVES you, i miss you  24th may, the perfect day off 
It's a beautiful nice day and I'm stuck inside! 
@iaretanja I forgot to put something  on that is very essential to my day. 
not having a good day..one bad thing after another 
I think I messed up my back, its been like this all day 
So my alarm got changed somehow and I ended up waking up at 1:00  I feel like half my day is gone
another long day..glad its the weekend..but still on call 
gear troubles all day long! 
what an awkward day. it sucked 
@receptiongal  hope your day gets better soon!!
@WerewolfSeth did you really just call me Ma'am...wow that was the reality check of the day  lol
No 'rosie day' today  goal is to leav my house b4 my mom gets here hmmm maybe 'rosie day' rescheduled for....wed......
@toddmeg14 one day my hugs will come    *fingers still crossed*
Ugh,what a boring day 
@RubyRedsocks yup then we are a day older  
@MrsMcFlyGrimmy how was your day ? boredom stuck my head 
selling my drumset  sad day
can't school just be done already? it hurts too much... seeing him every day 
It just had to rain on me almost a perfect day now my clothes are wet 
my day is going way too fast 
@RYANWWILLIAMS ugh shut up. i hate you  i just can't bring myself to do it... one day it'll get better, right?
On my way back to vabeach.  this day was too short. 
A/C was leaking in our closet all day, 3 purse fatalities 
@1BarbaraJohnson girl i used to live off them pot pies back in the day...now those wont discredit about 2 days worth of exercise 4 me 
@mcbenites hhahahhaha you make my day happy i think i ve got the swain flu 
Not a good day coding  things are slowly coming togther though...
so I must go to bed... I have to get to work at quarter to seven... booooo ... I wish I had a day off 
@hthrb2 sounds like a tough day... 
glad i invite people over @caitlinkirby's house then slept through the whole day. i just woke up 
report card day + ishaq leaving to pakistan = sadness 
hoped all day to hear from kdub that he got his first packet of letters.... i didn't. 
Is about to call it quits for another long sad ending day 
@BaileyBoo93 I wish I could go but that is the same day as the independence jam. so im stuck babysittig and I work in the morning. 
@grubbybastard Nothing in particular other than being warm all day.    
*yawn* I really don't feel like being inside all day 
making the most of a day alone not on the water... washing up done, now for the hoover  arses!
Another cold and drizzly day - my legs are on strike and do not want to move 
True colors and ignorance ended my night to a lovely day... 
I wish this was the case, but I don't think it will be. One day....    http://bit.ly/VsIz7
whoa. i fell asleep during the day.. there must be something wrong with me..and its almost 4 pm what a waste on a lovely day 
just blew pencil sharpenings in my tea...the day has not started well! 
at the start of my day it was the best day of my life but as it got 2 the end it is the worst day of my life 
@claudiamcfly gaaaah. im so gonna fail.. family day trip to trafford centre. where do i fit revision in?! eef  have a nice day. love yu x
away to do the papers  not a great day for sitting in the car
this was the best day ever, but somebody just ruined it 
another freezing day  one of the reasons i hate winter
@Mickipedia you've now experienced what it's like to be a guy every day of our lives 
Yay for the sun, i'm going to be travelling most of the day though  But uau anyway 
Sheesh. A perfect day to go out and I'm broke. 
Moving day! I will miss my first apt. 
Lovely day and still nothing to do 
Nothing like a beautiful day when you have to sit and code 
stuck inside revising on this nice day 
@kayelliex My driver's side window was screwed up on that day too. The part I had to buy to fix it cost $181 
It really is a nice day! I am gutted that I have not bought any flip flops yet 
This sucks! It's like the sunniest day ever and everyone's busy 
@genesgenie not sure if we'll go on any rides  will probably get there and collapse! LOL hope you have a good day xx
homework then out for the day but still burnt from the beach yesterday! ouch 
nice day out there, well it looks like it from my desk 
@RandyTucker829 who's the slave driver in this scenario? who would impose such imprisonment on such a pretty day? 
going to the trailer... no internet for the day 
Has to be stuck in a cramped vehicle all day on this beautifully glorious day.  #fb
has spent the day alone but waiting on others. Now to fit all the stuff she had to do into half an afternoon, and no sunny dog walk... 
good day 2day. went to the footy. kangas just lost  but was still not too bad. got 2 sit in the medallion club which was pretty kool
Morning! Of course its a beautiful day when I have to work!  I'm up earlier so ima make breakfast. Who's down!?
@RaquelP1073 look on the brightside. I'm on day 7 of moving day. I haul boxes and make maintenence reports in my dreams too at this point 
parties today, poor john and his busy day 
Packing and listening to the stonkingly good further complications. Looks like a nice day out. And I'm stuck in  boohoo.
Yay for being in the showroom all day and not getting to have fun last night  I'm so upset I just used an emoticon. Yay three jobs!
lots of last minute errands on my last day in beantown. 
Tiring day with all the work and sad news  sad sadder saddest....
 no B-ball 2day Gyms getting fixed
Final day of G12. I wish it wasn't ending 
stuck in the house without wheels on a day like this 
Something really scary happened to day 
@reeladvice @rt_nuggets @imjustlawyering It's a sad, sad day 
@dannywood : so is my phone  i lost it there the day after the cruise.  If you see it please b nice, it must be fierce loney without me!
excited 4 2day!! No body cares though!! 
I realize every time I give my doggie a bath, we become enemies for the rest of the day. 
 (tears) :'-( Today is the last day with my kids...They go on summer break at their Dads tomorrow. *sighs* http://plurk.com/p/x8j86
hate rainy day 
@rokettokun seriously... it must be madness... because if I had a phone to tweet from I would update my entire day on here, but I dont 
damn you nice day. ruining my desire to stay in bed all day, watch tv, and get crumbs in the bed. now i have to enjoy you instead 
On my way to the mall !!!! :/ long long long morning  and ugly people are not helping my day get any better 
one last day until the big day. sad to be leaving my mounties 
I have burnt myself  what a day! I also must apologize for lax tweeting, it's been 24 hrs!
@darraghdoyle not for the forseeable future unless someone else organises it. I'm up to my neck in day to day coding. 
@ivelostmine i miss the farmer's market! i had an awful day yesterday. loook back at my tweets. 
trust me to be feeling iffy on a day like this  change must come
I miss my dog  first day of summer job #2 (pizzeria with the Armenians) yikes.
@nessamey i'm having a bad day but I can't watch that right now lol they're moving all my stuff 
is really tired today after fest but has to go film a movie scene then go to work. Another full day with no time for anything else. 
Of course, off to work as soon as the day gets nice. 
first day in ages without my man  miss him!!
sunny day YAY i wann take some shoots today  but everybody is busy 
nice day too bad it's being spent in the office.  
3 more graduation parties to attend today. and its way to hot to be outside all day long  bring on new bug bites.
Is spending the day on the bathroom floor.  I just want to throw up 
@lzmerritt I am always hungry because I am broke and have no money.  maybe one day I will enjoy food on a more consistent level.
Today is a boring day. And my paper cut hurts 
I just had to take out my industrial.  sad day
I think I need to learn how much is to much drinking a lot is bad  I been sick all day
@goddessgreeneye i tried changing my background and it wont change  i should not be looking at this all day gets me in trouble lol..
From now on in, it' gaming all the way, the day without my lady has been a lonely day 
@babyvtec It hates being in a ponytail so much so it snaps the bands. I go through two or three a day. 
I had hoped for a day to sit down and do some personal projects.  Unfortunately looks like the family has other ideas. 
glorious day today. helped leanne move out. sad to see her go, I won't have my best friend round the corner anymore 
Another gorgeous day but ill be stuck inside finishing up journal application 
is having such a frustrating day 
I'm feeling sick about missing day two! 
no fair pretty day when i'm stuck inside!  i hate my life
@CynthiaMermaid thx for the #followfriday i totally missed it this time (stuck in a meeting all day  boo)
What an awful day. I have a persistent headache all day, so I can't do anything serious. 
Cleaning up this mess of a room  hope everyone is having a good day!
@Tinkabellastar it wasn't boring at all!  I got the biggest kick out of the double speed and the music... it was nostalgic.  my day?  
soooo tired!! long day at the springs but lovee being with my besties before we all move away! 
Another gloomy day..and yeah...the Nuggets lost the series 
Why can't I wear heels all day? I always  have to have a pair of flip flops with me 
@thecoolestmutha sounds like your having a bad day 
@KatieMichelle5 I was just thinking the same thing the other day  lol
It's not my day  no good cards in poker...
this day has been god-awful. freaking chores all day. was supposed to get together with my friend, but soooo many chores that i couldn't. 
I wish it was a real shopping day  I ran out of time so I have to grab my food and go back to the station.
Wtf, i keep getting sicker throughout the day.  come take care of me
such a nice day with nothing to do 
needs to sleep all day! but i have so much hw 
Long day, eaten loads of birthday cake and pizza .. tomorrow gym 
headache from redbull and cigarettes. long day already. someone save me 
throwing up all day is no fun 
hates staying up really late and sleeping in because than the day goes to waste and i usually end up with a migraine...  i had fun though!
Ugh!! I need something 2 do! This was supposed to be the highlight of my day..what a dud! 
...listening to music in a boring and cold day.... a boring weekend... 
I feel like no one has waned to talk to me all day. I haven't recieved any texts since 3 o'clock 
Incredibly long day. Maybe waking up at 6 wasn't a good idea. 
has had an amazing day, other than the knobheads coming into our kitchen and smashing every glass and stealing our cans 
shouldn't have started her day by feeling grumpy... 
@VictoriaaFM nothing... this day is bored 
@ceruleanbreeze @freosan It was my fault. I was sick and slept all day. 
@GGGKeri me sorry  if it helps i had burning eyes day
exhausted... this is only day 5 of my 11 working days in a row. boo.  g'nite
@patrickringler we were gonna try and make it but never got away from all the parties of the day; I'm sad 
has been working on project all day! sorry for not being here 
12 hour day and I'm tired as hell!!! 
I hate the fact that tomorrow is the first day of short semester. Aarrgghh back with routines 
got bit by a red ant 2day and now my arm is all red and itchy   
@JenWojcik @SusanPowter @bookieboo - I'm sure it was a combination of the 2 - just couldn't afford the whole lost day 
@oliviabaker your day is coming!! it's worth the wait! 
don't worry. i ate something around 7, but he probably hasn't eaten all day  if he's not here in 30 minutes, i'll go and abduct him!
girl wars hasn't been working all day  i've been trying to get my stats up
Waking up &amp; spending a penny has exhausted the 3 greys. It's their last day.  going for a special long walk to say byebye.
what a waste of a day. i miss my friends 
Seeing a dead cat on the road always spoils my day 
: watching : FightClub. TrueRomance earlier was a fail = too many interruptions  quiiite the day. . .
why do i leave the laundry till the last day of the long weekend? better get it over with..... 
going to sleep. tomorrows going to be a bad day for me.  im being negative right now
Up way too early, it's beautiful outside and I must revise all day 
@xthemusic  Just do what I'm doing - pretend the exams don't exist for the day and go to the park ^__^
@crazyapes: nothing surprises me either. It's a sad day!... 
This weather will be the end of me! I love sunshine, but not while I have to study inside all day 
In sum, yesterday was a big fail day for me, I managed to use the battery grip for 30 min and then I thought it was dead 
my sunburn hurts  alas, nice day spent in the sunshine today with the fam 
I hate laying on my bed and forcing myself to sleep for the whole day! I need to recover soon! 
So on day 2 of my revision schedule I don't feel quite so motivated.  I feel lethargic, and unsure of how to revise English lit 
@officialemily and meee  i dont want to be stuck in my house all day. its annoying.
doing p-day progress report. soo harrd. 
i have something in my eye  yaaay library all day tomorrow! (sarcasm)
@auschirp foolishly checked my bag in 'cos didn't want to drag it around all day. Now at the lost baggage counter 
 soooo whats the plan for you last remaining day of freedom
not feeling good  didnt leave the house all day - didnt eat anything, either, because i slept most of the afternoon!
Another beautiful day at the track and I have to work on a laptop. 
this day is horrible, i hate it. 
doing my research paper all day long 
feels like ive had the worst day ever and also feel like i'm overreacting... 
well i wil stop cmplaing and make myself a coffee, and start oving a bit because this twiiter thing is taking up my laundry day.i know 
its my ministers last day  i am going to miss herrrr.
Its a beautiful day in the neighborhood...and i'm stuck inside writing a paper 
we r being rebels 2day and we're skippin church.  we r goin 2 brevins for bfast. we hope 2 enjoy the rest of the day.
waiting for the day when i dont have to sacrifice my own happiness for everyone else's 
snow on may 31st - welcome to northern ontario... working all day 
now, I really dont feel like starting my day 
@wstmjonathan if you want to give me a ride   one day I will see you kids play!
why does it have to be such a lovely sunny day and I'm all on my own with revision staring me in the face? 
Ripping out the bathroom on hotest day yr! D'uh! And the job is bigger than we thought  D'uh!
has heat rash and it's killing me, how can one feel so awful on a glorious day like this!!!!  x
NLS recert all day  wish me luck!
Another day at the harbor...hopefully there won't be any more screw ups. 
Studying on a day like this... aint fun 
stuck in the office on this glorious day...and, for no pay!!!  
Cleaning on this nice day. 
signing off. #andyhurley day is over here  it's 12:06 xD way past bedtime. next stop, pete's birthday! http://muffinman888.multiply.com/
I work every single day of my life. One day i have off, I get called in. Whaaaaata bummer 
last day in MF'er  just having downtime with the fams...
rainy cloudy day back in the 305  french open and movie awards tonite-unpacking! hate coming back to reality!
@Figmom The biggest problem with fun parties like that is the clean up the next day 
@SeXcLaDiiE hope u enjoy the day. I'm stuck indoors 2day 
Its going to be a long day... I have to work til close.. 
Another perfect day for the pool, another day stuck in the mall 
l hope this day turns out better... 
#3turnoffwords hurry &amp; wait. this is what my whole day will be 
@stephenofficial my favourite venue  wish i was going  enjoy your day off
i feel awfull, not a productive day,  , ohwell, doesnt matter,
is going in the gym, and fed up with plumbers who fail to turn up leaving me in the flat all day 
@froward1 It was a splendid day here 2; not only did it not rain (sic), the sun has been out all day long; a rare event here in blighty 
I tend to crack under pressure   stressful day, trying to figure stuff out
  baddest day eveer. 
So much for relaxing in my hammock on this beautiful day. Something ate it. 
Evening, afternoon andgood day tweeples, lovely but weirdy day, spent most of the 1st half in bed, had almighty headache  in face  !
Being sick sucks! So on a beautiful day like today...I'm stuck inside 
I feel like poop. I just want the day to be over 
is bored! and wishing she didnt have softball practice 2day!  
@KathiSP hayfever ruins everything  been sneezing all day
so mad i have nothing to do on this nice day 
Sitting around the house bored out of my mind  on this hottt... beautiful day. 
doesn't have anyone to day drink or swim with. i think this is depressing. 
I have got a busy day ahead of me! I have to go to a million different places AND finish my homework. 
Sucks i'm stuck inside on this beautiful day! 
man, i could eat oreos all day long, too bad the serving size is three 
can't even believe what a great day today has been.  Too bad I am peeling and I can't enjoy the track, pool or trip to the lake. 
is facing a day full of mixed emotions.   ;-) :-O
lolwat prisoner of azkaban is playing AFTER goblet of fire? is it backwards day? no one clued me in 
@_katpie i agree ! i've done nothing all day 
What happened?  It was such a beautiful day.. its raining now.  my bike is going to get rusty!  
Is trying to study. End sems in fricking ONE day! 
Todayy hassssss been crapp  The guy who i trusted wasnt really who i thought he was. So this isnt my favourite day in the worldd,
@BeckaMoor I know 10 votes in 20 minutes it is ridiculus i have been voting all day but something is def wrong 
@Vicstar b4 i dreamt i was awake...an bam..another day hits me,wanted to shoot some hoops but its rainy 
*sigh* I hate it when I don't hear from him all day 
@vjune so jealous, it's cold enough to snow here   hope you had a good day!
Why cant one person that i work with ever take a joke and have to ruin my day? 
@JoanneSkywalker It really would!  I'm going to get singing lessons one day. I'd just love to be able to sing... and act!
It's such a nice day! Why the hell do I have to work!! 
Basically been asleep all day. So naturally I'm starving. *sigh* At this rate I'll never be thin again. 
My sun-day was a bad idea, feeling pretty burnt! 
In alaska time zone now, today is a chillax day. I'm off from the gym, but we work 7 days a week  1 out of 2 isn't bad.
@GracieAlbernaz  don't know....one day karma will come back to get him....
the day the whole world went away 
@mandyva Works for me...how about the fact that it's supposed to rain that day. I'll be sad 
wishes there's som'thang to do on a pretty day.  bored to death. http://plurk.com/p/xhdsz
working all day is no fun 
I'm having a low self-esteem day. 
Where did the day go 
I just finshed a day with the family but back in my mind I still wonder why he hasn't called me I just know I did something wrong to him 
so tired just had my meal of the day, go tback from auditions made it! want it! I'm not going to take it.  
@wemightspellyou i hope your day gets better 
I hate everybody.  That includes you @ all of you!    This is not a good day.
How do u go from not missing a heartbeat to a simple hello, I love u every other day...?? *tear* I miss him a lot. 
@darwinstorm It helps it along if you &quot;accidentally&quot; drop it into a fountain. I want half a day  I keep hoping to wake up feeling ill.
@torontogardens yeah, we haven't planted ours yet either - out during day - in at night (more cold weather coming I'm told) 
@LanaMarieW I spend most of the day figuring out how to deal with the cat situation, then I dealt with the cat situation 
I was having a great day til now. I cant stop crying 
armourer costs $700 a day + $100 for each weapon. FUCCCCCCCCCKKKKK too expensive 
@sexynickey been in bed al day mad lazy i miss u and @EzOnTheEyez didnt see yall all week 
eating..... what a day, stuff my face. 
Folding warm laundry on a hot day makes me break a sweat 
morning everyone! how y'all doing? back to the exhibition hall another day of missing the sunshine 
A bit feverish but my day job doesn't allow me to have another day off. 
U know what sucks?Having a head cold and being stomach sick at the same time,&amp; having your first day of work 4 the summer in the morning 
Barely finished cleaning/laundry... This is what I get for watching TV all day! 
even more cut then before...could this day get any worse 
I think today will be a rainy day. Not good. It'll be a lot of mud in my way to work 
wait for a wonderful day 
stuck inside on a day like this 
On way to work wishing there was one more day to frolic in the sun! Or more, oh well willl have to wait till rainy next weekend! 
@votown ryan and i went through with drawls when ours was up... a sad day 
Is off to the library for a long day of revision - which is even more depressing cos it's another hot day!!! 
@_hannahmitchell  i slept all day, as fun as that sounds it's not good with a head ache
@14KT no it's still missing  i'm putting in one more day of investigation then im declaring it gone forever
The working day is officially over and I'm a lot closer to having completely no voice!  I sound like a man; and not a sexy one at that...
wow! what a lush day..shame i have to work 
Such a lovely day...such a bummer I'm stuck in this windowles prison cell that is the office 
feeling poorly &amp; in pain  day curled up in bed on the agenda.
has GOT to get some rest!!!! Why do I say that everyday??? Just one day of rest people....is that asking too much??? 
slow day slower net 
Another beautiful day! Too nice to be stuck inside working 
Bollox, just open my crisps up-side down. bad luck all day 
two day hang over! I think so 
woke up late again  3rd day in a row..
Morning all...another exciting day from me sitting on my arse doing nout. 
a day of reviewing docs - gr8 
One more day of review and then i'm done for now...I'll be back again for another round of studying 
Naww tonights scrubs is jd's last day at sacred heart 
It's a beautiful, hot, sunny day from what I can tell through the gap in my blinds 
@paulcupboard not much. some day to be stuck in the office wasting away your life though aint it!!! 
is about to leave for placement. It's too nice a day to be stuck in an office 
Going to be a sad day for the hammy today, but its the right thing to do 
Needs more sleep. Hazily washed my hair in exfoliating facial wash this morning not a good start to the day 
it is way to early to be up, especially on a rainy day 
after a tiring day here i am again aching for my knees huhu 
@PatAndJT Gmorning. A day-off listening to you guys and doing laundry. I miss the days that I listen everyday. 
history exam tomorrow, spending the day revising in the sun still recovering from my hangover 
woke up for the second day in a row with a headache  also going to the beach for the second day in a row! im surprised i havnt burned yet.
such a boring day  nothing to do ... !!!
Its a cracking day and i am stuck in the house not well 
@MadGerald I think I must have blocked that one out of the memory banks ... Now I'm going to be depressed for the rest of the day 
I'm having a really bad day, for some reason I'm upset and I don't know why 
Just waking up... turning my swagg on... not feeling too happy 2day but we'll see wat happens for the rest 
heartbroken!!!!! i cannot afford THE most gorgeous lipsy dress and by the time pay day arrives it will be gone............ 
Having the day from hell!!! 
says reading all the plurk messages in one day is tiring..  http://plurk.com/p/xngxy
It s a boring day 
day started well but ended disastrous!!! the finance team at our comp. screwed up our salaries... short by over 10k! 
I have to miss the pbp because I'll be in the lab all day and there's no wifi in the lab 
I really just want to stay in bed at all day. No motivation right now.  
is feeling tired despite such a relaxed day. Mentally drained for some reason 
Billing day puts me in a bad mood.  
has to run errands but don't really feel like getting up  I need some motivation to start the day lol
@LouiseMayes great - i think the internet is having an off day to be honest - it is SO slow and everything keeps on freezing like u 
is having a bad day - email not working properly and looks like the 10km run is off for me 
Feeling kind of hungover...it's the day after and the fun's all over 
happy kid's day to everyoine, that's my last one 
being v stressed out is not how this day began! nor is it a good emotion when its boiling out 
just came back from a three day holiday in mandurah. played  squash tonight. won 2 games &amp; lost 5 
It's been a long boring day already 
getting my day started and organized. the fire alarm keeps going off  
today is my day for returning all the party supplies we didnt use yay! ill get money back! oh and laundry day too. 
I guess its time to start my day...... Definitely look for me tonight I got a class at 7:55-9:05....  That sucks!
the end of the day...and i did nothing..i'm really bad student 
lunch in 15 minutes. mandarin and math this afternoon. history project after schooool  birthday in 8 days! 
having a bad breakout, bad hair day, and feeling cold (possibly sick even. 
@SxYBaByC cool, just trying to make the day move faster...its not the same without u... 
@xlossforwordsx same thing different day  i hate it so much
@KingTee1 I'm good and bday was great. I had a wonderful time, I'm on my way back now  How's your day going so far?
it's my day off and I have nothing to do  Wish i was with you!!!!
@cinnybuns Awwww.....sad!  We'll have to try again for sometime soon!!  No fun...board meeting on a day off 
think my bike is broken and i dont know how to fix it...sad day  D.H.
has has a rubbish day and wants a cuddle 
i spent all the day in old book shops. a bit expensive  ...
Wow,2day is such a gloomy day  thinkin positve, I'm madd sore from the gym, but I feel pretty sexy right now haha, stay productive er'one!
..cannot believe I have to spend part of this day moving furniture, yuk 
Finally home... so tired from a stressful and clammy day!  What are other people up to tonight?
so not excited to be back at my cube for the rest of the day 
I hope this day ends soon...so far its been a mess 
@chaz81  been a long day! soooo tired! just put her upstairs but she wont go asleep yet!  arrgghhhhh need to relax lol
@RenateBeate nothing major.just the fact that I keep going back on my word.giving in too soon.i mean i said one day a week.had ice cream 
no voice second day in a row 
is really sick and laying in bed the rest of the day 
Livenation drops service charges!!!!  for one day  http://alturl.com/3fwt
next week is not going to be a whole lot of fun. Three finals in one day 
Another day, another rejection letter 
hey! had to stick a whole day in a hot classroom, attempting to revise 
I hate dropping her off at day care and having her cry 
I'm really in the mood to be on the beach right now. And today is the 1st day I've taken the bus in 2 weeks! I miss my (sister's) car 
its wrong to feel sick on a day like this! 
@veronicapaige aw i hope your day gets better! You've seem so down lately..I don't like it 
This day has been so hectic. I havent had a chance to activate my phone &amp; I probably won't 'til around 5 
@loubyloubyloux awww *hugs* sounds like my day too 
@PurpleMuffinMan you are right, thanks for the spot - long day 
attempted dress shopping found one but as having fat day decided to take it back  what a div
@kterwin I hope your day gets better 
it was a geat day.. `till now ... 
today is a sad sad day, no one will play piggy in the middle or volleyball or dogdeball with me  
@CountMeOut My day went  sour too.   
i think i may have to conform to society and get a day job for the next two months or so... 
why am I sunburning?  where did this come from.  I never used to sunburn.    *stays inside for the rest of the day*
has had a rather odd day... saying goodbye is becoming more of a reality and I hate that  x
my day has been wayy to quiet...i need like fifteen kids running around 
@azsunshinegirl7 I have my days, today is a tuff day, I miss my skittles.    She was such a good dog.  I almost wish I had the money f ...
day off and nothing fun to do yet 
@witenike sounds like your day's not going well!  Hopefully it's good from here on out.
setting me alarm for 7.30 tomorrow  but hopefully it'll mean the rest of the day won't be such a waste. i have money (:
I am trying to get through my entire day on only decaf coffee...I have not been successful so far 
Hasn't gotten a single look from him all day. 
delighted this day is through. its been rough as hell 
Why am I always so damn tired and why is no one calling me back??? I hate waiting...no love for JoanMarie to day... 
It's been a day of let downs  &amp; disappointments  nothing right except laundry, but let's face it, how hard it is 2 screw up the laundry?
@iamjonathancook what a sad sad day  i don't think i could ever break up with my bold.
i wish i didnt feel so crappy when i wake up in mornings, it kills my motivation and wastes half my day! 
lazy day... i'm so bored 
i havent eaten a thing all day. 
after a long day of doing nothing, i'm somehow exhausted! 
bummer did not get call 4 2nd interview blue day  been a long times since a pink day 
painful, emotional day...  so much going on with no idea how to fix it...
I had a bad day plus MILLIONS of homework 
about to hit the shower, and unwind from a long day of packing up my classroom of the past six years  
Not my most fabulous day...but I guess it's not my worst either 
Trying to study. So I can pass the last day of drivers ed. This is hopeless. 
what a depressing day.. 
bad day from begin of the day : beibeb's still not here, my mobile phone is broken, client's rejection... hope not gettng longer  
is happy/sad. it has been a very emotionally confusing day 
hmphhhhh, bed time. even my mac retail therapy didn't help my day 
@wdprescott I hope all goes well.  Not a fun day, I am sure. 
its been one lazy day.  my sister's said they are having a great time. yay. tommorow we lay by the pool. 
One hell of a day this promises to be... and I'm already sleepy 
spent a day at uttara..went fairly well...but my mood swings are so fast that it even surprises me... 
@antkatie wish I didnt have to work all day  I want sleepy
today was an active day - weather wise &amp; painful &amp; confusing - emotion wise 
@WeTheTRAVIS it would have been a sad sad day if  you had been eated by a spider 
i've been in a bad mood all day. everything seems to be annoying me 
Ugh, I felt it coming all day, and after a killer workout and a much deserved meal...I got to see it in reverse. ugh ugh ugh. I hate meds 
so sick of this long day..just want it to be over 
Looks like it's going to be another gorgeous day, with a high pollen count 
Just realized I've had my shirt on backwards all day. 
so we stopped in the middle of the road and saved a turtle the other day.. i just realized we saved it by placing it in the median.. 
Racit rau  great way to start the day
The weather does not make me want to go sit in an office all day 
Second ambulance of the day just drove past uni 
@HipHopJunkie951 it was a pretty good day,except i have a mean/nasty cough 
tired... been a long day. massive headache  good night everyone.
@PixelWarp  that's too bad. I am thrilled every day that I don't have a penis. (but I'm not sure why you're reminding me of your gender.)
just got done at big shots with friends from applebees...time for bed. last day in muncie tomorrow! i'll miss everyone 
loves the weather but fears this may be the last day of it 
Morning all , another sunny day but stuck in the office boooo !!! wish I had taken a holiday 
meetings all day - mean coding all night 
@mandyyjirouxx me too! im sick i've had it all day 
Its not good at all  I think cause I hav a big day 2morro, I'm like a little kid all excited!
Sadly, I just left the quad. I'm sleepy, cold, and mad when I remember I will hav 4 hrs of sleep and a full day ahedd.  counterproductive.
and so i begin another hectic day... except i just want to bum here on this bench 
Last day of placement, so sad to leave everyone 
another hot sunny day stuck in the office 
@kraftykoala I am going to stop listening to everyone who is going to ravelry day  I can't go 
sleep is my favorite time of the day cause i don't have to feel the pain  night
@Emmadw  thanks - sorry not to get to meet more people - i was feeling so ill yesterday   hope you had a useful day.
Having a hell of a day 
how to start the day? with a huge headache of course 
@coolgoose Evolution does have issues...  ... I trashed it the other day in favour of ThunderBird
 going to have such a bad day, I love my x3 I can't believe I backed into someone 
Feeling ever so sorry for those tied to desks and/or computers on yet another glorious day  &quot;chilly&quot; rest of the week ....
third day running my eyes are still killing me 
Today is a make-up day I fear  no spots but patchy skin
how can one sentence ruin your day? ughhh 
the day is gone: without doing anything 
@sharlynnx argh homework!  boo. not really, probably be on here and outside most of the day haha :] aw thankyou lovely! yours is too &lt;3
good morning, looks like its going to rain 2day 
@eddieizzard its a beautiful day here its just a shame I'm in college and unable to enjoy it 
A day in watching films for me. nice day outside but my hay fever is keepong me confined to my room 
I think my fish Fiskulf might have become depressed, all he does is hang around on the bottom of the tank all day and barely eats! 
he never called...  i miss you! probably going to be the worse day ever! hope he calls tonight!
@d34dh34d nincs is cici. disappointment of the day. 
@jennifermullin That's the best way to start a day! I unfortunately did not experience the same joy this morning... lol 
B forgot what day it was again to day - got her self in a bit of a state about it all 
Overslept and now train is running late...bad way to start the day 
@KevinRuddPM I wish my cat could talk to me about my day at parliament 
This is going to be a super busy day. Too many deadlines 
20 min break in all day meeting  hope to be on my way by 3pm
@dancinqueenie well done u! I spend 7 hours a day in the kitchen but the cookers never on lol. my sun keeps goin away 
OT - &quot;the final day of warmth...no not forever...&quot; ...oh how I'm spending it indoors... 
@debbaker1 It's errand day for me. (Or rather, my folks.)  I find it disruptive, and seldom get much writing done on those days.  
Already this is a bad day  i can feel it's only going to get worse :-\
@amystar92 just got your text, running low on credit. Aww you had to have got it like the day it came out its never there long 
sleep deprived ugh makes for a long day 
Trying to research if I should stop drinking these 5 hour energy drinks... its hard to study ALL day without a pick me up 
another office day...wheather is getting worse 
such a long day. my brains too crowded to function  summer, please come quickly !
has loved the sun for the last few days, not loving the sunburn or the fact that its going to rain tomorrow on my day off!!!!!!!! 
Is off for the day but still has stuff to do  I'm about to get moving I swear.
Long boring dragged out day that will never end, here i come 
such a painful day  maybe go to bed is the best idea!so good night everyone!!!
wish i had another day to recover from three events in three days and a packed monday. so 4 by 4? wish i was seahorse watching ... 
@DJKeiran wish I could!! I'm already wkn day + night 
i feel so bad.  like i'm sick or something..maybe because this day was so hot and i went to solarium. lol (
Exhaustive day, yet nothing achieved 
Such a bad way to start my day... 
@thewrongshoes aw man, I wish I was there, I could use a popsicle in the square moment to!    sorry your day is sucking so bad....
Ugh. I hate being sick  I'm not having a very good day!
wants to have a lazy day, too bad I have to work at 2pm. 
On my way to work on this beauitful day 
@ObjColumnist .net by day, cocoa at night.. barely even develop during the day anymore either, more mgmt now  
I can't do anything bc I'm out of clean clothes  , laundry day... I'm not matching at all Lol
@mileycyrus well i would love to perform on stage one day  .. swap lives for a day?! go on .. do it ;) haha
horrible day  going to sleep before it gets any worse.
just finished prison break season 1... took about 2 day.  *sad bastard* lol
@jinnah No internet?!!! That is the saddest thing I've heard all day 
He's gone *pouts*  But I am sooooo happy I got to spend the day with him. *smiles* :-D
Man what a long day it was for me! I didn't even get a chance to twitter until now 
wooohooo...long way to go before i call this day a complete boring day...darn 
@harjak  i think i missed you   i'm sorry.  craziest day.  ily.
last day as a mustang owner...it was very sad.  I have to give it to the dealership tomorrow.    8 days til we leave!! 9 til the show!  
@adamcoop No, though I qualified for a $250 one to get some new flu shot but I couldnt get to the facility on the day and had to withdraw 
Almost done with day 1..easiest shoot day I've ever been a part of..if only I were getting my full rate 
@draven sorry to hear you're havin a rough day  cheer up buttercup
It's going to be a loooooooong day!  And not in a good way ;)
@Shaundrie It's my fault I'm in the studio all day I work for myself and its how I make my living I've been neglecting you guys for days 
and a good morning form utrecht holland, busy day 
needs a personal day 
OH NO!!!!!!! Its my last day of donator status 
morning all! I'm still feeling a bit crap after not losing any weight at slimming world last night  But back to work today, so a busy day
Recession got me too. Just got fired. What a wonderful way to start a day.... 
Hey all! I'm just on my way to work  got a busy day ahead of me! How are we all?
just realised its raining so when i go out my hair will be ruined after i spent all day trying to keep it nice 
arrived @ #fowa - loverly day out, good line up, but no coffee yet 
it might be my rotten day...........???? I think so 
this is a very weird day because my fingertips hurt like it's being bitten by a thousand ants 
@SoCockii yeah but only in the day time . . . Sadly I work night shift. 
Why does everyone leave me during the day? (sob) 
well. it didn't take long... I have a killer migraine today, woke up being sick! day of chilling out i think! 
You know you're getting old when the only thing you look forward to each day is having a shower &amp; sleeping. 
lying in bed thinking how to make the day go faster 
Unless a delivery comes in, its going to be a very boring day 
@Brokentelephone sad day  i would go crazy, or just try and see where jody marsh is partying because she looks like an epic trainwreck
This low calorie diet is utterly killing me in terms of energy - I'm struggling to stay awake every day now 
is wondering what 2 do 2day! lol looks like the gorgeous suns gone  what 2 do now?
it 6 am and i have to go to schoool or i'll be lateeee, ugh !  have a good day everyone 
new day, and blood shot and sore eyes 
wish i was still on annual leave, tocday is not going to be a good day 
I started hallucinating and stuff last night, 101.1 fever this morning.  I have to miss my last full day of school, I'm so bummed out.
@barryfinlayson think we have been betrayed, my first day off everything and no sun 
tired and sad  pretty ordinary day
very sad this morning..two nuborn wild rabbits found dead in hole..we think they drowned   this upsets me..not a good way to start my day
I'm tired and my head hurts.   Kids have a half day today; staff has to stay.    15 days to go.
@danger_skies i think the promoter had cancelled it, and they didn't know until the day.  i was gutted.
@triff I moved on what felt like the hottest day on record - it was awful!  Sounds like you need to buy some pledge!
what a way to start the day...with a headache.... 
I'm tired It's not that hot 2day  need to clean up do some washing &amp; some very boring studying it's stressing me out!!!
stayed in bed all day..had lots of cravings..sucked at making lambing 
Today is payday, the last day of school &amp; the 1st day of my workout classes...friggin sweet, oh &amp; the kittens get their balls taken away 
it is a boring day! 
argh headache cant breathe diarrhea i think im staying in bed all day 
@THYCKnYUMI I kno how u feel u. its about to b an ugly day in jersey... 
hello sunshine! working ALL day 
crazy day coming up...awesome. orientation until 10 yuckyyy 
is disapointed  where has the sun gone 2day?? x
going to work so early for me  have a blessed day everyone
@iheartrendering Just don't know how some of these people can do it day in and day out. It's almost like emptying the dishwasher now 
@babygirlparis Pleeeeeeeeeeeease reply to me  I need something to keep me going. I have a bad day.
@liamholmes sun wasn't out all day here either...very depressing stuff...it's so cold and rainy and all my washing is out on the line 
So today is the day we sign the contracts for our first big project. So that means tonight is my last night with free time 
is drinking water like crazy...  sad day- No soda for me anymore 
hullos. at the office already. day from hell, have to submit actuals figures &amp; last budget forecast 
What a crazy day..... too busy 
Another fun day.  I slept on my neck wrong and now I can barely move it. 
I really am not ready to go home. I love it here  At least we have a 930pm flight back so that means we have all day to ride those rides!
this is the 3rd day this week my tummy has woken me up!  damn!! I haven't even had my first cup of coffee!?
@dukefan112 i know and it sucks because I am stuck inside all day 
wants the rain to go away...  is supposed to have a dive meet l8tr 2day
it really sucks when it rains on your half day off when you were planning on playing golf..... 
@Lxs sadly that event you tweeted earlier is all day - not sure I have bandwidth to get along to it  http://bit.ly/1T99f
@jandyman I totally agree with you on that one, sometimes I think life is too short to sit in an office all day 
what a boring day . 
Having convo w/someone who admits he has no time for his dog &amp; the dog is left alone far too many hours of the day.  I really hate that. 
Oh happy day. Not 
A beautiful day and I have loads of homework 
...I'm in massive pain..lucky it's the only day  but still..
@rockinchick11  no angry day!
@she_writes Aw...  I hope the day gets better for you!
@alyshakent I miss you too! And I'm sorry you have a long day ahead of you. I know how that feels, I have two 
ugh... ok i'm starting to get really depressed about being inside my tiny apartment all day every day...    wish i had cable at least
is disappointed with the pretty low number of visitors of her site (used to be at least 1300 per day - now it's 1000) What happened? 
@leahclifford sorry for the rough day 
@covertdaisy awww i feel bad that your one day off is my fault  on the bright side i just learned how to reply to a tweet 
in 2nd period and super sad because its the seniors last day 
Now i must focus on the last day. saying goodbye to friends i probably wont see until next year  wahh.
coworkers are telling me it's national donut day. but they didn't bring me one 
This is going to be a long looooooong looooooooooooooooong day. 
I'm hurtin again 2 day 
i hate having streap throat   but excited about my  B~day on the 30 th omg i cant participate @ track to day  o man
mom just reminded me of what was supposed 2 b the best day but turn into the worse day of my life. now I'm sad 
irritated beyond believe... woke up with an attitude   I hope my day gets better!
@FashionGrail same problem- i had a slimfast bar for lunch and all I really wanted was a doughnut for nat'l doughnut day  beauty=pain! lol
 every time i leave my room,i miss bubu sending me a msg and then he's gone,same on my side.its been hapnin all day...universe?!!mxit then
i think ive forgotten what a day off is ive done a seven day this week cant wait for tuesday but still no laying  just hope its hot x
is not having a good day  Wishes things were different.
@MrPeterAndre hey peter cant believe the press is still over you  i hope one day they will leave you alone also good luck on the new album
great day for sailing, but got old folks aboard 
The center circle thing that lets me play 45s on my record player broke!  it's a sad day.
Danm i thought it was like 4  or something,  the day has not even started yet 
I just so happen to hate my day job... hearing people scream all day is wearing on me. 
Today is like the worst day ever !!! Not really but its pretty bad       I'm almost not in the mood to drink..........
@bigsexylatin downtime occurs  right in the middle of the day. 
my eyes are puffy from crying in yearbook all day 
Boreing day...I want to do something but I don't know what 
As the last day of camp comes to a close, i get super sad... 
it's such a great day. wish i felt better 
can't believe it was national doughnut day and they were giving out free doughnuts at krisp kreme  this is not the face of a happy person
@Deathofarobot don't think I'll make it for national donut day. so sad.  and...I saw The Decemberists 3 years ago
going to work. can't help feeling that my body's breaking down.  looking forward to end the day for tmr's off!
O my got ! this day.........is so hard.!!!!! 
cause we'll move it to another day.......  
another dreary day in esperance paradise 
@charbar022 I have no idea what nudging does haha, miss you too  life is not as bright with you not in my day to day &lt;3
has a crazy day coming up 
@AlienRedrum @fnordboy  I'm so sorry I wasn't online all day and missed your lovers' quarrels on here.  
I dont know...  just a blue kind of day
expects a boring day 
i feel like an 80yrold lady sometimes. i have to take calcium every day 
Oh too bad, I was all day without talking to the WebCan @ FredPrutty 
Has a major headache. Not a good way to end the day. 
sunburnt  but fun day!
http://twitpic.com/6pqtp - sigh, studying all day 
At graduation :/ sad day 
wow what a day...no time for tweeting    hope everyone had a great day ! I'm tried  goodnight
my day has officially been ruined... id love if someone made it better. but i doubt it will ever happen. 
spending the day with the fam. its freezing. 
i've never worked so much &amp; so hard in my life as i have in this past week! getting some sleep! up early for a long day tomorrow 
another humid day....   wish the monsoons are here soon....
A crazy funural day. So tired. 
argh i think im getting a cold, i havent stoped sneezing all day! 
@a5hleyf haha i was out in sun valley for that filming stuff i told you about...yeah it rained during the day  while i was walking back!
Today has been an ice cream kind of day 
thinks its just her luck that it rains on the first day she gets her camera 
@churbauer good morning! 9.37 at the moment,  a.m. and a lot too early. going to work now  have a nice day!!!
had a boring day 
Oh no! stormy weather outside, and on the inside the internet connection fails! argh! this sets me offline the rest of the day! 
where did the sun go? raining all day long 
was a b-day party last night and realised that i really do not play well with other kids  especially pretenscious ones
@CateP36 I stopped that the other day. It was too much too soon. That stunt created big problems lol. I have to wait awhile to do it 
@mustntgrumble@chorale  You are up early. do you have a busy day ahead? always up early but this morning i go to work makes it different 
has nothing to do 2day 
What a miserable day. Indeed the whole week looks miserable. I hoped to take the kids fishing, but won't be in this weather 
gah! I hate fire alarms, it slows the rest of the day down by having to wake up later, it was at 3.40 and we didn't get back till 4.20 
There was never any reason for me to be hopeful. I'll just let the tide take me. One day I'll get &quot;her.&quot; When i do, this will be silly... 
i am not doin anything 2 day 
@Boyislost Haha I wish...lunch time here, got a busy day ahead now 
@WahooPooh forgiven even though I had to face that hell alone with nobody to hide behind  I shall work on my shoulders all day.
Having a boring day 
Another day, another problem 
what a miserable day  Still been to gym so feeling good ,lunch then into town methinks
up way too early...still shaken from last night and my throat is sore.   It'll be interesting to see how this day goes.
Installing, downloading programs seems to take up half the day 
it was not a good day i supposed. the trouble that i created 
Is having an expensive day! 50quid for new break pads and 200quid for new tyres. 
had a really long day.. had goodnews class.. attended a birthday party.. attended a funeral service.. day ended with a heavy heart.. 
@kathleenenya  nothing, bored like all day  self?
day didnt turn out quite as expected! 
morning twitters...on my way to drill, a long day of exercising and running...military life 
This day is way to damn pretty to be working! I'm working. 
wanted to go to the prior other day to see the gig but had no one to go with 
i feel so fat. what a rotten day this is turning out to be! 
The fucked up power went, so i'm studying by candle light...this teaches me to rest during the day.. 
@1capplegate  maybe they could ship to u; or find the owner and plead to open 4 u; hop your day changes to 
Ugh, have to get up get ready for a long day. No sleeping in 
Another beautiful day! But stuck inside  how's the studying going @TiaMaria8 ?
watched the D-day speech on fox when the cable went dead.. 
@taylorswift13 hey! we waiting yesterday all day to meet you outside of the arena  wish we could have met you! better luck next time!
sick. my life sucks at the moment. had to skip the last day of school and worse the parties that follow them 
its a beutiful day in the neighbor hood! i wish i could watch that show now 
home back to reality  misss day26 bowow souljaboy nd songssss fun 2days! *
its pretty good day... wish I still had a car!! 
on to a productive day.. but first, i really don't know about scooping this poor dead fish out of its tank  i'm freaked out a little
A beautiful day for a party!  the garage sale-going part 
My back already hurts from standing all day!    5 hours down, only 10 to go! Lol
Officially had enough for the day now  too tired to move more stuff!
@mizrik I usually am but I'm on the northside till later 2day.    ihop 2mmorow though...right??
we dont even get a full day togehter 
its not a burning hot day  on my way to get my hair did lol.
@FlaniganFarms dreary day today  but looking forward to spending time at the water park with the kids this summer if the weather looks up!
Someone come in for an easy procedure I can't do shit 2day 
The muffins worked!! The baptism is saved! Now I get to clean for the rest of the day. 
@garbagedog I miss my squeaky bear. I killed him the other day... I need a new toy. 
graduation day an I have no clothes  life sucks
@chriszaktweets this whole thing is stressing me out. I feel flaked on a little. its the day of and I still haven't gotten a call 
headed back from seaside... sad day.  i feel myself getting paler every mile 
@gemmaaaax aww 2day nots been a good day for you  heres an internet cuddle for you ( ........dunno if that looks like a cuddle though :/
been irish musicing ALL day .. thank god i have a break now !! im soo tierd 
my internet is still wonky  sad day
spending this gorgeous day inside chilis 
@frankiedelgado have a good b-day celebration!!! I am missing my party life now.... 
@TheBlisschick C., I have a neighboor that's been doing the same thing the whole day .. can't take it ~  
another boring day at the a1 shop 
Just woke up from my nap....late   ah well, let's get this day rolling!!!
Home from a frustrating day of chemo.  Seems like they think they can ignore me and expect me to be okay waiting for 3 hours for a shot! 
Our boat sank and we got a ride from coat gaurd   what a horrible day
Evening everyone, hope you've all had a good day.We went to the cinema today - night at the museum 2 - didn't think it was as good as 1st 
I tried to do the kick thing for the day. But I went back to the heels.  what's wrong with me!! Lol
Today feels like a ugh kind of day, and on top of that ugh 
has just realised it's D-day. How awful of me not to have remembered  blame the anglo saxons.
3rd day of calling out sick. i hope they dont fire me  fuck!
I usually only take naps in the middle of the day about 2 times a year.  About to take my 2nd one right now, maybe I'm getting older. 
Today would be a perfect day at the beach 
Uggs 2 working @ 5pm 2day. But time is $$  n we ina recession.   plus I need a new sound system 4 the whipo .
Today just turned to a bad day, thanks a lot family... 
@ionwen hello sugar how are you how was your day ***happy face *** I miss you when you're not here  I love your tweets they make me  x
what a crappy day....it's finally nice out and i'm stuck inside 
just woke up ..another boring day for me 
Its a beautiful day outside and I am stuck in the doctors office 
Finally a nice day, but everything I need to do is inside 
@AllisonCallie even greatness needs a day off 
just starting my day.. I slept like hell!! 
@fireminx I was just thinking about cup and saucer the other day! 
Is sitting inside for the second day in a row ... I want it to be warm so i can go swimming outside .. 
@ANDREAMARIEXOXO booo.  i got woken up early.. but the day is great. anyway so HHIIGGHH ;P
last day of the razias shadow tour  ill miss eveerybody
this has been the worst freaking day ever and i thought things would get better so far they ain't 
@we got a mini heat wave to finish the day. wore me out 
@abigaeLettuce cause I'm a bit tired from working all day. 
spent the day messing with that perl thing again. ah well, seems to be finishing up.  missed a workout though 
Just spent the entire day helping @jaimemc_23 pack/move all his belongings.  So sad to see him go!
@ShortyAC had an awesome time!  It's my last day here 
sooo tired :/ tubing &amp;&amp; skiing all day! i only wiped out once* and the tube ran over my face  l0l* text me!
What a boring day. 
is sick with a cold...it's just getting worse as the day goes on. 
yay training is over for the day! but i have to wait for my ride... like 30 min 
looonnnggg day! Everything went well tho, happy about that... now I have a headache 
since I got my present early, there is nothing to make my B-day special 
@traacy i knowi always leave it til the last minute i never learn! &gt; lol i know it sucks  so any other plans 4 2day??
Catch cold, sneezing and coughing a lot.. Not a good sign.. I'm turning my blackberry off for a day, giving myself a break for a day 
I really, really, really want to be a milk donor. But I just don't know if I have the drive to pump 2-3x a day. 
@ivegotnerve I'm fine too. I caught a cold the other day 
has to go to work at 1 on a beautiful day like this and finishes at 6 baisically see's no day time  bloody coles
burnt from layin out all day 
How y'all doing? I was very depressed all day. why does this happen randomly? I get so sad and down  feel bad on my family...
Missed 1 whole day of d camp yesterday ...  ah well, savor d remaining time
i've decided i'm done with my caffeine popping!  i was taking sometimes 1000mg a day.  feel so shitty right now haha 
We took the kids out all day to tire them out but all it really did was tire us out 
what a gloomy and boring day  i've run out of fun things to do!
reading old letters. i miss you guys dearly. i wish i could go back for a day. 
@Kdedeaux girl if that drive wasnt so damn far I would buy at least one of those tickets but its to far to day drive for me! 
one more day and its back to work 
feels like the entire world has conspired to let her down. This is turning out to be a very sad and lonely day. 
boyfriends cell phone is off. i know he's working on his sermon.... but i want to say hey and check in with how the rest of his day went 
going to sleep pretty soon..i've had a long but good day member how i've been working all weekend sad day  i guess that's real life
@LuvToSparkLe   try another day? thank you! I am getting relpies, but no members...
@Jonasbrothers im glad you celebs had a great day...mine just went downhill.... real fast. 
I dont want this day to end  its been awesome  if i close my eyes itll all be over
No guys I'm not getting the flu. I ate some bad food the other day 
haggard day..haggard people around 
pretty crummy day  did nothing really..except told my ex i liked him ah!
Extremely exhausted, but the day isn't over yet  grad party in a few, then afterward? No idea.
@clairesays out in the sun all day - nice, but now feeling the effects 
my dad hasn't spoken more than two words a day to me for the past week 
ill do it later i think.. sooo tired and sleepy and i feel so bad i cant go hangin out with my friends 2day 
just had a monumentally significant day; got my entire face threaded and now i look like a baaaby. was just too painful though 
@fonzareli that ruined my day  they should've completely shaved their heads...more speed.
headache still not lifted. additional symptoms. looks like pill-popping all day 
Is gonna have prison break marathon day, haven't seen any of second part of season 4 although I do know what happens 
i'm going on a four day trip that i don't even want to go on. bye internet world, see you in four days 
So I slept like 4 hours ...  And I have some stuff to do ! It's going to be a long long day....
aww this song reminds me of leavers day 
i dont know what i did during the night but my back is frigged!! ouchie!! i think i may have to lie down all day! 
i have been waiting for his reply the whole day... nothing from him. im really sad. being neglected doesnt feel good at all... 
a day of cleaning today  time to get the rubber gloved and feather duster haha
@deanoshoes evening to you to! i had a zero productive day yesterday so tons of stuff to do now before 9pm 
thinks...what a dull and dismal day so far 
 Just broke a string on my guitar... could my day get even worse!?
@Seaicilin   that's a sucky way to start your day
it's the one day where an unexpected hug would've made all the difference. 
studying for finals..the perfect way to spend a sunny day 
I'm at a total loss of what to do with the rest of my day. I would usually add in a witty comment here but I can't think of one 
Morning everyone!!! It's a beatiful day to... study? AHHHHHHHHHHH 
Morning everyone! It's a beautiful day to... study?!! AAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
last performance every  i cant believe this day is already here...got my waterproof mascara on!
So waking up and realizing your whole day is going to be spent inside a stupid box is extremely depressing. 
 i want a happy day
Its a nasty day in 773 
Watch sex movies all day even though I married. Misses can't handle me  (via #zenjar )
scheduled day of rest. eating pasta &amp; meat. can't wait 2 go 2 bed...and sleep...no party time 4 me 2night, baby, I'm beat 
Just waking up. I have homework to do all day  is it nice out? I rather go on the lake!!!
ugh, i am going to die! hangovers suck when 1) its a beautiful day and 2) i have a paper to write 
Space mountain is closed till winter. Wtf, ruin my day 
so far this has been a not so fun day  but looking for some goodness to come out of it
pretty day outside, agreed @kwags1.  sounds like we'll be spending a good bit of the day inside cleaning though.    9 days to departure.
APUSH final on a perfect movie day  
when will people learn?? ruined my whole day yesterday 
last minute online...before hit the bed. another day of sleeping program  must get to bed earlier than I usually do...
awful day and english lit revision is getting me down  may go and try to see if i can write a song.....
soon time for the fun part of the day, laundry. 
just got back! wish the day didnt hafta end so soon 
@imakecutestuff I know!   One day we will have to meet soon!  How did the show go for you otherwise?
My poor N had red rough knees yesterday after a day of scooting around everywhere... 
@Proachrox i'm sorry you're having a rough day  well, it's better to let it all out then bottle it up....hope you feel better.
Today starts day one of my plan 2 disconnect myself from a lot of people!! If I can make it through today then the rest will be easy 
@xoxoMarianna how could i forget?! haha remember that time you were a dg and i'd see you every day in the pirate ship? i miss those days 
good boyfriend duties, helped clean @laurenaw's car on my last day of holiday. better check emails this evening 
sigh. . .what a dreary day 
Having an off day and really missing my hubby 
Feeling stressed and wishing I could just spend the day in bed. 
wish i was a nicer person.  and i wish i swore less too. not a good day 
was at the park 2day...gr8 time studyinn   tests soon 
Oh gosh...I love alcohol at the time but when you wake up the next day you just feel like poo! 
@birdtrek hi .. rota is out .. 5 week one ... got all my requests apart from fathers day!  
just had the time to check my accounts at least to catch up for a day i missed..haha LOL, tiring day  my pc got broke seesh :0
It's not ironic, but it's raining on my wedding day   hope this let's up by 6!
@xeony2k I'm afraid that if u miss the 21-day return window, there's not much else I can do. We're not able to break the return policy 
@Woth2982 I was worthy of being loved...he showed me I was from the first day, if that makes sense......   So it just hit really hard..
@idolan sorry I can't make it... had to take a nap and my day is full otherwise  
wishes he could do nothing all day... but unfortunately that's not really allowed now is it? 
@butterflie  my phone has been stupid all day! will you be free for dinner or something?
just woke up...wasted an entire 1/2 day sleeping so im a tad grumpy 
Bad day  except for some cakes and dim sum
I've been rebuilding my itunes library for the majority of the day... I'm spent. 
Studying again on this beautiful day...fun 
@calloohcallay3 me too! but we can't   we're giving them away to a friend who just lost her dad. we think it'll brighten up her day!
homeworkin the rest of the day  haha
It's a really nice day outside, and I have nothing to do with it. 
@simplecake I will win something one day. 
Why did my great day have to turn bad!! 
Last day of tutoring  why the hell does this make me sadder than graduating? XD
going back to grams house. sad its geos last day 
How much longer til there's more rugby?...day after rugby day sucks 
has spent all day streaming one thing or another (since his TV receptions fails) and is now very bored 
@kcsulliv had a bad day...don't think i'm going to make the cookout sorry 
amazing how one day can pass where noting turns out right. 
@donniewahlberg having a shity day can I get sum d love??? 
@Meganfriend Sounds like my day 
Watching sad story on the news about 41 children killed in a fire at a day care center. 
some sort of horrible cold/flu has setttled in  glad it is a day off i feel miserable.
@maskie Its a sad day in politics indeed, think we got off lightly with 52k fascist votes, still, thats 52k too many 
Second last day in Copacobana, then back to reality 
@HOT97 bring day 26 bak out I missed them 
@_constellations ha, glad u guys had a great day and so sorry I missed it 
*sings* I'm all alooonee no-ones here beside me! - being alone all day in the office actually has more downsides than up 
Is laid in bed, but thinks its time to sleep seeing as she has a very long day tomorrow!! 
blaaaaaahh...ive been trying to make this horrible migraine go away all day but no such luck  back to bed
Ugh, been feeling sick all day 
hello! what a day. my feet are killing me 
I hate being sick!!!! I haven't gotten out of the bed all day... 
@uobevents Arughh i hope i get into this uni!!  .. i am in the 10 day waiting period for a dissension!
@AimeeLady   I am just winding down my lazy day with the captain...
Finally home..time 2 wash the day away &amp; den clean my messy room...I miss my other half 
@ashleylohrbach love and miss you too. you never text me the other day.  party soon?
Just got back from a fun-filled day of not buying a lamborghini...  
My phone died and i lost connection to the world  what's even better i had the worst movie day ever. i was the 3rd person in the group ...
relaxing after the bx zoo and the liberty game  4 day weekend though
I think no I demand me, @ay_meee and @MikeWike plan a hangout day! one in which I can attend 
Is wondering why you have been on my mind all day 
unintentionally spent all day sleeping due to sickness and now i don't have enough time to study for my nutrition final tomorrow 
swim workout, but looks like it'll b a day off 
Not a good day for the guys in blue 
Ulimate frisbee was fun and grad party was too but then on the way home, my day was ruined and my whole day was flipped over 
ugh.......  decent day... bad ending... time for sleep.
slept all day, people wouldn't leave my house, bought supplies.  now its too late start new project 
@CrazyGizmo f***ing funny film! I watched the whole day wrestling... cool, too! ^^ but now I've again a awful headache. 
@Poetreenmoshun how you have ya talk 2 @Poetikpoeta been quite 2day 
is wishing she took the day off like everyone else 
http://twitpic.com/7g626 - last day of jr high  such good memories
It was his b~day n i jus coodnt say NO  N i havnt rode a bike n 4ever...N i never will AGAIN
@HaileyATL and not to have left early  haha then it wouldve been an amazing day&lt;3 haha your changes sound pretty good!
@endlessblush Looks like you're having a good day!!! 
tried to pre-order stack is the new black but card was declined for some reason. fucking wrecked my day 
feels lonely this day 
another hot day in lunigiana.  As usual, having trouble with broadband  
had to dismantle dog gate to free them! Doesn't bode well for self-imposed strict diet day 
Hey Tweeps, had an unexpected day off today, just as well I've been feelin a bit sick, really worried bout my best friend 
The bus drove away just as i neared the door,  depressing day.
One day i'm going to get concussion from one of these trains  being tall is usually awesome.
another day of terrible terrible hayfever! can barely see for watery eyes, and it kept me up all night so headache too  boo!
spent the day window shopping....fell in love with a stunning ring set that I can't possibly afford right now...so very sad 
Finally taken a day off to try and shift this stupid cold. With this one plus previous chest thing, not been fully well for a month 
Hey and it's cloudy this morning, which is never the best way to start the day 
day one of operation 'be up before 8, be showered and dressed before 9': fail 
starts my day of job hunting - it's like ground hog day 
sitting here.. havent been on here lately because my phone broke  sad day!!
@SweetandDark nooo!  bye hun! #echelon day #echelon day 
ugh, foot hurts [hurt it in hockey 2day  ]
Another day of electricians and builders drilling like crazy next door.  It's only been going on for 6 months... 
1 day left without hold any books ! wheres my spirit be ? 
so hectic... but this kind of day really bring satisfaction for realizing how productive I can be... and I still haven't had my lunch... 
It's not even 6 yet and i'm up  I hope everybody has a good day.
busy day i dont know if i can do it :s @marine_d if i dont come its because i cant dnt hate me 
crunching numbers, not the best thing to do all day long 
omg wat a boring start to a day revising sciene - physics -uggh soo boring but has to be  done test next week = gcse = 
busy busy buy  a day full of configuration files!
another day older and deeper in debt  
toddddayyyy is my birthday day!!! but i dont have anything to do 
has nothing to do for the rest of the day 
is feeling guilty already but sooo tired need a day of chill 
I really wonder sometimes &quot;what's going 2 happen 2 all of us&quot;? It's getting so hard just to make it day 2 day! I hate feeling this way 
@1045CHUMFM aww nuts! I woke up early just to find out I have to listen all day? 
Getting ready for a boring day 
Horrible day so far...nothing going according to plan ...no power also  for 6 hrs 
first day sucks sobra.  i`m aiming for honors tho. NAKSSSSSSS
hates the 4:30pm traffic along katip.. punyeta, i have to deal with this every single day! 
@Blackberrygirl7 thank u I will - poor thing can't go 2 her last day of school 2day 
leaving. uni. busy day. 
cedar point for the day // but but phones probably gonnna die soon 
cedar point for the day // but my phones probably gonnna die soon 
@astroboy  Don't say that! The only thing worse than a dreary day is a beautiful, sunny day that you have to miss out on... 
On my way to work, damn another rainy day 
such a tiring day in college 
http://twitpic.com/7gjbb - Pretty much sums it up for me! So tired right now I literally feel sick! Just want this day to be over! 
Just got pulled over on our way to maryland. 22 over  bad day.
Still raining... I guess I'm going to be stuck up indoors all day again... 
@8chocolate lol - that's why I have to walk 5 miles a day and eat fruit and yughurt for breakfast every day 
Miserable day out  cuddling up with coheed watching twilight
needs a day to do nothing 
watching software install for the day&lt;fun  
first day of college. so beat 
anyother day gone in my life ..... 
Its such a wonderful day. I'm always stuck inside on nice days.  Yes I'm pouting, but damn if I'm not good at it.
says half of the day was good but the other way around wasn't  http://plurk.com/p/113luq
is a very unhappy bunny. The day gets from bad to worse  cheering up welcome!
I was at the zoo yesterday looking at the elephants and then one died later that day  http://www.thestar.com/living/article/650787
misses you a lot! I've always been thinking about you since the day you left! So sadd.. 
@pressdarling I did not! I've been on the #squarespace wagon of desperation since the other day 
@DevinaRenata when? on 23rd? come on, I'll be at bandung that day 
sitting here staring at my computer does not make the day go very fast 
I think I got a sunburn yesterday that actually is making me sick   Totally worth it for a pool day though!!!
@Cmonkey1125 you too!! didn't go to juneteenth/my phone was still dead all day yesterday  let's dance again soon!
@Priestly_B hope u have a great day! I'm off to bed 
my B-day coming up . how come I feel so depressed? 
@BlkGlitterHrt *hug* I hope your day improves friend. 
is having a very un-inspiring, non creative, slow day 
ugh i am struggling way more than i thought i would be this morning! I just need one more day off 
Home day! No ones impressed! 
first day of classes tomorrow. i cant feel any pinch of excitement. 
and that was another day without a call from the boss that they have an assignment for me  #bsb
Missing him  blehhhh. not going to be such a great day. heading to the mall later... i would rather be with josh though. ho hum.
getting ready to start my day off to the real world  hope its a cool cloudy day!!!
@Sheald worlds better thanks!! What a horrid, horrid day! 
Probably should spell @avinashkaushik wrong the day he blogs about us   http://bit.ly/1alrGy
Beauuutiful day. I got made fun of for being so white (pale) earlier. 
Another day looking for a job...no fun 
Its such a nice day beside the fact that its like 100 degrees outside and we're moving. I wish I could go to the beach instead 
It is such a nice day outside and i am babysitting  go figure lol
why cant green day fans let him be, hes not green day.. do they not get how this is affecting him? panic attacks, anxiety, my poor baby 
A boring day 
@JJSchuster Wow, that's a horrible way to start the day...  
busy day....still have no plans though....no more beach 2-day ...gettin' sick of spending 23 hours in my house 
At the doctors, again  and this is only my first appt for the day -.-
This year's birthday I got my first surprise. I love it a lot. But the rest of the day.....let's say it wasn't my best bday 
i want pizza  off anyway, have a nice day y'all..
i love lucy, then gym, then probably spending the rest of the day at kinkos 
ugh, nothing but small problems consuming my day 
hopefully this day will get better by seeing jackjack 
Is it just me or is anyone else been slow at getting subscribers lately? I've only been getting about 5 or less a day  It's discouraging.
@NoelMiramontes haha! I really mean it this time, I think I'm dying!!  I met ur grannie the other day :]
Brit's last day 
beautiful day that could be spent on the waves but my board is in the shop and i have to move more boxes 
stupid beautiful day and i'm stuck inside sick 
wit j fresh and baby t0day. still sick as a d0g 
great day..sad its over 
its too nice a day to be stuck in the house   
beautiful day! a couple of us walked down &amp; ate lunch by the river in the sun. was really nice 2 get outside 4 a few. rain rest of week 
working for the rest of the day 
damn a boring day i feel sick and to top it off i got bad news 
@butterballs_mc cool me its a end of the day and tomorrow i work 
My bonus for this month is going to be absolutely pathetic. What a way to bring down my otherwise great day, job. 
wow crazy busy day! britts gone 
so much for my productive day waking up sick is no fun 
 what a day. I hope everyone is having a better day than me. What a mess I seem to make on a daily basis.
i hope my whole summer isnt this boring! today would be the perfect day to go swimming but catie is at camp and kristins in virginia! 
HOOOOOOOOOLW!! bad, bad, bad day, i needs me a nice treat #squarespace typo 
@photogirl26   Someone sent that to me the other day.
bored bored bored on my day off...this can't get any worse 
what a gloomy day  , good for one thing, and that is sleeping...
@gabsters, this is a sad sad day because now it's happened to both of us  I don't know what do with all this now
just woke up  boring day today, have to go do laundry then pick up some stuff from the grocery store. aim-yanixvillanueva
I &lt;3 bumper to bumper traffic!    sad day
@Only1EricaMena I am super sick right now  been in bed all day
I want a big group of friends, that hang out on a certain day and just have fun with each other company. maybe one day 
Having a really stressful day trying to get everything lined up before I go on vacation... 
@spazziness stress all day long... need to figure out how to pack my life in three suitcases... 
@calrion my first job was a medical receptionist and the poor bubs in day care would come in sick every week 
is hoping for a good day, forget all the exams and forget him 
a day of just laying around, whether it be on the couch or by the pool. and eating snacks  man... that pretty much determines my summmer..
its getting worse day by day and im getting lonely .... 
Sowee. There's another one on weds if you don't spend the whole day at the laker event 
Really not been a great day...the hits just keep coming and I could really use a break 
@msilve I didn't say goodbye to you the last day  The last time I saw you, you were making fun of me for having a hole in my leggings...
then we were still there 2day. we went swimmin an i got sunburned bad... my whole face is red like a tomato. sad. it burns. 
This day is a total let down. 
(@kaliko33) What a lousy day. I need a hug.  
not even gone to bed yet and the sun is coming up, no doubt i will end up sleeping through most of the day... again 
I had a great day but I'm still a bit bummed that I missed #chuckmemondays 
 meeks ..what a depressing day
back from a LONG day of golf! got hit by a golf ball   sore and tired! time for bed!
Something seriously has to be wrong with me. This is the 4th day I've had a headache 
@BeautySchooled nope i was a day late for the return policy 
My last client of the day is late and looking like a no show. I think he forgot about me 
@JennLovesM5 i am sorry you had a bad day and a not so good bath..  sending hugs!
@scooprandell thanks! I've been in tears and just sick over this all day 
i am having a sick day 
UGH I am almost out of tequila   sad day
@kimbercs  i remember the day i told you...we were in strings, and you didn't believe me
Since I've done all I can come up with, I'm going to bed to rest up for another day of nothing-ness. 
haven 't tweeted all day ; i been in the bed sick 
I slept all day  and had some crazy nightmares
@sunny525 Been busy all day - missed a lot, I can tell. 
time to get ready for bed, had more than a full day although 1 major thing did not get done, going to @edwelker's house, will do tomorrow 
Not a fan of closing shifts. Throws off my whole day. 
agrees with estevan because i only got to enjoy club sprint for a day! 
This day went by way too fast - could it be because this I'd my last week of mat leave 
Depressing fact of the day: 3D glasses don't work on everything. 
Going to go make some food  because i didnt eat all day!!
Morning all, suffering from hay fever today  Lovely day though so at least I'm happy whilst suffering!
5 minutes away from a climb and the thunder rolled in...and stayed for the rest of the day. I just wanted to climb 
glad it was such as nice day because the rest of the week is supposed to rain 
last day in okinawa.... trying to figure out and accomplish all the things i want to do in this wonderful country before i go 
good morning all... day at home to get final essays done.. not happy as weather is already glorious!! 
@Milereb its a nice shiny day here, shame I a, stuck in the office all day 
Another ugly, raining spring day, good for flowers, bad for attitude 
@AmyQcoocachoo ugh .. never go anywhere at that time of day when school lets out.   wine o'clock now?
Morning tweeps. Feeling really ill today &amp; had to take a sick day  Its my first sick day for a year so be gentle
Sucks xbl is down for the whole day... 
warm, sunny day, spent entirely in collegd because of tutor and 1 lesson. 
Mehh it's raiining again ,, as it has all day  come on sunshine where did you goo??
Not having a good day so far  you know when everything irritates you. Lol
@tarabrooks Aw  I hope your birthday gets more exciting as the day goes!
busy day for once, steggles, drama, hair... had a dream that i had 3 exams in one day and had to fly a plane 
Morning all,another sunny day,plenty to do though 
beautiful day and nothing to do 
colmflynn1 how could u miss rain ????? Last day of my hols soo sad 
Such a nice sunny day, and I am stuck here in the office 
It's finally here, the day my grandma leaves 
On me way to london soon, meetings all day. 
10 more days, graduation. And the nightmare is that day will be the last day we meet guys. Can I stop the time ? 
Staying up late from partying and taking in the view from my soon to be old apt. literally the last day i have to move out  bye brickell
waited half a day for getting one single sign! down with the govt officials 
Yesterday was a total wrightoff no more vodka no more beer slept all day n still feel dodgy 
@lucashardy i wish i could go back to bed.  BUT sick day =D=D
had a boring day 
It's a glorious hot summers day and I'm stuck roasting in a flat covered in sawdust. It's a hamsters life for me today. 
Oh my god, it's only 11. What a rubbish empty day, nothing to do in medway 
just woke up, i am so lazy  been practicing playing little housewife on my day off though.
i stayed at home, what a boring day  [yawn]
Lonely in a crowded house this morning.  The right person just is not here...  But at least I got the gym in and facing up to the day.
brayden rafferzini. you didn't need that one day before your birthday! i love you and miss you SO much. &amp; i will see you when i see you  x
had the worst day, i feel so shit and cant even see how this can get better right now. 
@ShashiTharoor sounds like all your party men see in a human being is that they are going to vote one day... :x makes me sad 
Looks like it will be a beautiful day! Figures I'll be stuck in the office all day  I want to play hookie!
@leahsasing yaaay! first day! how was it?? maaan i wish i was there to show you the ropes  haha joke
Still waiting in line, which I just found out is a lot longer than I thought.  This is going to be a long day!
spent the whole day at the hospital doing endoscopy and was diagnosed with stomach ulcers, again 
Today is a day of rest. It's needed since I haven't been well lately. Not to mention I have the budget book to digest, 
@urgency &amp; I missed that  I hope we do that every day  'cause trolling is a pastime of mine!
feel sick 2day.. boo hoo 
i hust had the weirdest and longest dream ever! now im shattered! ahh long day got to fit revision around a rehearsal and babysitting 
@aaronrussell @atebits I'd forego that for group support any day 
Another day 1 on my side too! And time to call my neurologist- I can't feel my feet! 
My mom just woke me up at 8:00, I was looking forward to sleeping in the first day of summer 
@amandaAUDITION  that is depressing. is he like gone, or does he have like another day or something? you should throw him a party
#haveyouever gotten so drunk, any type of alcohol makes you feel ill the next day 
Has the day off but can't sleep past 8 again 
I need to find a way to condense 40 hours into 12... never enough time in the day for everything I want to get done. 
fingers and arms sore from painting all day yesterday and a lot more to come 
Fucking science day makes me almost suicidal  at least its nearly over. 1h40mins to go
Please, dont ruin my day 
It's day 21+1 for our broody hen, &amp; no sign of any new chicks - will give her one more day, &amp; then we'll have to move her back w/ others 
started out with a great day... not feeling so great anymore 
#iremember when my back didn't hurt after a day in the garden 
stop doing air quotes!!!! oh, another day of being annoyed. i need to work on calming down 
i just got my hands on a post from a group of iranians.  they just want help... i'm sobbing uncontrollably right now.. this is a sad day 
@breakingdawn i steal from your farm every day  such a klepto but i need that cash moneyyy haha always take as much as you can from me!
Only just got internet back!!  But is okay, have a a nice day with mai goggies and editing Act1 of my play, coming along nicely 
@Esposimi way to make me feel bad for having to work all day 
Last full day of classes  ! It's heart breaking
!@DJROCKT I missed the joke of the day! 
@Mattydubshatesu I hate when that happens. I hope you're having a good day? 
ergh had the most boring depressing day ever 
I'm up excting right I really want to to shopping but will probly be stuck here all day again 
At koret till 10am.. It's a gloomy day  I miss the sunshine, and maui.
enjoying my day off.. but i have lots to do 
day 2 of mustache growth and not one person has noticed  how rude!
One more day of fun in the sun then it's back to reality 
I'm backkkkk! So what have I missed? what a lovely day, although my head is pounding so I think thunder could be on its way! 
Aw man I missed the mid day mix 
woke up in a stupor. i think it's time to adjust the sleeping schedule and start behaving. sunny day, i want a bike ride but work awaits 
@titicuervo dunno if you got my message but I was at lunch  thanks though... I am out the rest of the day too
1 day remaining before hell 
its been a lovely sunny day &amp; i've been stuck in meetings all day just got home &amp; find out that ricki looks like he's leaving the blues 
Such a nice day and I have to be stuck inside a stupid mall 
its warm over here and i was stuck inside a hospital all day lol 
@Andrewsmith12 no fair  I am mail filing for the rest of the day
needs to get motivated. She's got things to do on her last day here 
Another rubbishy day 
Just left gym. Wasnt a good idea to work out and not have anything to eat all day. 
Why do we have to discuss bear feeding every day. Yes, I used to watch the bear feeding but I quit. All of the hard core feeders are gone 
ive had the worst day in the history of well worst days and its only gona get worse  
Having a slow costume news day. 
half day done, now I have to be productive before class  phewy
@SethsBitch sorry if i got you sick  if you're coughing it should only last a day or two.
two day long headache is a direct result of the fact that there is no coffee left in my house. 
This gloomy day is sucking the life out of me slowly 
A whole day of WireShark captures ... I can see packet resets when I close my eyes now 
Watching the episode of one tree hill when its the day after Q dies, crying 
Everyone is busy on my free day 
boring first day of internship...lots of paper reading and signing... blah! dreading 4 hours of class tonight. 
Seriously. Whats up with me and finding dead birds  sad day
My golf swing is screwed up. And I dunno what I'm doing differently that's messing it up. Not a good day 
Why is it cloudy?  I shouldn't complain, nobody wants a sunny day to research!
I hate this day ....boring...boring...boring...just boring.. 
#haveyouever been broken up withfor  the summer and then hated them the day aferwards for flirting with someone else? I HAVE! 
starting off my day with some green tea. my favorite thing to drink. i'm sicccckkkkk  so i hope this makes it better.
@Jenivere That's no way to end a day 
This is a bad back day. 
@bindermichi they where installed and up to date... but no help against zero day exploits 
Oh no... down to one day of vacay left 
so tired. thank goodness it was a short day. Now off I go to beg to deffer rent for two months 
Oh, and I got scolded for flat ironing, swimming, and dying (like dye, not like death) in one day 
great we lost our game by 3 runs   ...day just gets better.
please make this day end. i feel weak. maybe i chose the wrong day to be anemic &amp; detox. 
suchh a nice day. nothing to do  yashikoba
@DocPeterA I had a hard hot day!    hope urs was better than mine.
@CoGValkyrie we're all basiclly doing nothing  I wouldsleep but I slept during the day lol bad me
@Anticiplate ugh I just ate salmon and my throat is getting all scratchy. Today is not our day in terms of allergies 
Finally got evan his b-day present. I'm a bad friend 
Oh will this nightmare that is this day ever end? I need a new scene. 
hates when he is having a bad day!!!! 
an up &amp; down day of tears &amp; sadness. my love lost his 1st cousin in new jersey 2day. it made headline news. my heart feels broken 2day. 
I am in a terrible mood.  I am alone all the time.  I live alone, I work alone, and I go to class all day with people who I don't know. 
@usouthernmaine 61 carried the day, our 63 got us nothing 
Another boring day  
You know how, sometimes, you look forward to that one thing you've been wanting to do all day, and then it doesn't happen?  
@jonaskevinMy friends and I called ahead to see if we could pick up a copy at midnight and apparently the stock lady didn't show that day 
@simontay78 I'm very tired  but rushing off for rest now and a long day ahead
@sakitokun The internet here is fine until you start downloading. I'm not allowed to download during the day any more. 
After a long day of meetings I'm looking forward to finishing some scholarly reading and catching up on some shows tonight sans husband 
@mchenwears just remembered i have a wedding to go to the day of the minto park show  bad timing for me! did you apply yet?
i'm doing nothing this day 
i had a long day had to do a bunch of stuff &amp; with the kids it took me twice as long , rained here most the day how depressin 
@FranAspiemom  im sick of being there  starting savella 50mg twice a day now. (tonight was first 50mg) just hope it doesnt' make me sleepy
@seanchoe after tweetdeck updated the otehr day it died.  
another day of misery.  one hell of a week waiting for me. 
starting to feel sick again  i know why keeping it to myslef till the day i die:o
Finished day 1 of a 3 day fast... not liking how I'm feeling; have big headache... tomorrow should be easier... want coffee can't have it 
guhh...fever of 104,  achy body, hiccups that have lasted for 20 min!!!!!! not a good day 
@allconsoffun no, I haven't all day either...didn't realize it till you said something. 
Last day blonde  going back to my roots ;)
Something always has to ruin my good day. I don't know why I haven't gotten used to that by now. 
@TwistUvFate i DIDNT wear heels..lol wedge one day and then flats..so i dont know... 
has been feeling siiick all day.  games in russel co again tmrrr.
Long day  ---- just laid down and if feels good gnight ;)
wat a day!! wish i could just go to sleep but no i'm wide awake 
i feel horrible , what a day. started way to early 
...half a day gone. 
@bythekilowatt I don't think I have reached the optimum level of hockey-mania to have a well-fought feud yet.  One day!
@SJSharksfan awesome !! owner told me she won't carry black cherry  not popular enough. tried to tell her i'd be there every day !
@randalltodd sorry  I'll unfollow... 'g day!
wahhhhhh college is so tiring.  my legs are very very tired.  and i was soaking wet yesterday, my first day. 
Sitting in the microsoft building again, in IT class. 'Tis the last day here, it sucks. 
@IamMrBloom oh did you have a bad day ?  however- have a tight sleep.. my day starts here =/ would love to sleep again too lol
Overall a happy day, but feel sad as my 1st cat of 12 years (Mittens - Truckercat) may be on the downward spiral. He smiles but is empty 
I'm so pissed right now!  way to ruin a good day, Thanks!
I'm so used to eating every five minutes on the cruise that i'm starving only eating 3 times a day!! Lol I miss all the food 
@Kittymcfly  nope not yet. it's a goal in life for me tho, to meet the guys! the day will come one day :]
@MrRiza007 yes i did...... i love 2pac and i was mad he wasnt a trending topic 2day 
@SteveTLeics_UK nah. there is only 11 in the office, and its never happened like this before. its just deciding to have an off day 
my it's a miserable wet day  today is deffo a duvet day! #squarespace
@BenDigital I hope you took some good photos of  sports day yesterday. That was our last lesson by the way 
ugh horrible anxiety all day  chest is tight,its hard to breathe and swallow.I need something stronger then vailum.
Really bboring day .. nothing to do at all xept homework !! 
really booring day !!! nothing to do except homework 
Just lost 4 followers in the past day....was it something I said? 
is still so tired and hopes to work less than a 12 hour day today, but doubts it. The place is a tip and correspondence is zero 
didnt sleep at all tonight, preparing for another hellish day 
doesnt feel well and so was sleeping the whole day 
sunny day = happy day i think xD but it's a bit ruined cause my plan for today didn't work 
@perki no no, i'm here all day till this essay is written or the library shuts, or if i die of hypothermia; which ever comes first 
It may be raining, but it's still a lovely day....pity I have to go to the cage 
statistics has so much homework  felt like most of the day was gone. well updated my story and now im awake @_@ (class in the morning)
a day full of duties and work  coffee pleeeease!
Today is goin to be awesome! Last day of school! Last day ill get to see my crush for a bit though 
what a graet way to start the summer...  But i still have to work 8 hours a day for a week in a shop 
@emmao414 I hate that! I had 4/5 of my nice long nails break the other day one one hand! in the space of a day  now my hand looks wonky
quiet damp day yay. Also, in other news, fists of plastic fail 
@vivektiwari1986 still not able to wake at 6am  and my paunch is growing day by day and beer by beer
Yet another nice day and i'm stuck in the factory. 
Today I plan to eat an #apple - not very exciting I know but not every day with me is a roller coaster of adventures 
only one more day at plays in the park 
@Footdr69 shitful day, am sick, might go to doc tomorrow if I'm worse {hack cough}   you have an awesome day! I'll dream of sunny beaches
#squarespace and #trackle .. make my day better! 
@AmyBAMF awww you missed such a good day we went bowling, sorry  catch up with you soon!!!  xxx
Ah hump day.... I guess i'll have to take mine without any humping 
@TeenieWahine I'm sorry.  I hope your day gets better!
Another rainy day.. want to crawl back in bed but can't @ work.... 
So I was convinced that my pay day is tomorrow, but I usually get my payslip by email the day before. And no payslip. No monies? 
I had a dream last night that I was turning 18 again and my mom threw me a surprise b-day party, but no one showed up. 
happy day, but i'm missing someone.... 
looks like its going to be a rainy day... booo 
you know it's going to be a great day when the first thing you do is spill a huge cup of hot coffee all over your lap and your computer 
last day at malibu   chances of studying nclex and not reading bill bryson? very unlikely.
is having a lazy day today and is going to run a nice warm bath in a minute  and boo to not being able tosee the script on 19th 
I ran into my door the other day (some one locked it) and now there's a crack in it 
@ChantiParnell 1 a day i think!  but there only 10mg :/ whatever that means! my eyes are itching too!
@SHIKA3 too much on my mind, and a lot to do, and not enough time in the day 
( this is toooo much!!. 8 subjects a day.  soo much pressure!!
So tired right now I was up all night, want to sleep all day. But I can't 
What a crappy, gloomy day  Hopefully the sun will peak out this afternoon!!
I really could sleep all day... so damn tired thanks to my low blood pressure 
cleaning the apt...last day here 
totally forgot to update my iPhone this morning. I had dreams of playing with copy and paste all day. 
is not having a happy day. 
@dimpleqt77 Yes. Hopefully not such an *expensive* day in court. 
My favorite time of the day is morning-I love drinking my coffee and finding a new song here http://blip.fm/nosetu  -can't think of one! 
Finally, a day off and its going to rain 
@apopa yes but torrential downpour every day. it sucks walking to class in this... 
@crmunar its okay its only summer. try that for your first day of the semester.. haha, i stayed in the wrong room for 2 and a half hours. 
spanish homework again. for all day....and  I'm starting to feel forgotten...not gonna lie. 
i wish my mouth didn't hurt so i could enjoy this pretty day!!!  
@sarahannebrew Me too! I drove by the lot the other day and now it's just all modular homes. So sad. 
1st session classes conclude in exactly one week! Unfortunately, 2nd session starts the very next day  Just tryin 2 take it in stride.
 gloomy outside... pajamas all day? sounds like a plan to me.
 #squarespace brighten my bad day! i never win anything...
yawn .. hard day 
this is going to be a long day...forgot my headphones 
Raining day; the kids are stuck inside and the pool is closed.  So said 
crazy crazy day...lost 2 more co-workers today 
tirrrrrrrred  but awesome day 
@nevali Not entirely sure how to do all of that. I'm becoming less competent with tech by the day 
the stomach is killing me. i wish nick was here. i've been in bed all day can't eat 
Yesterday..i felt like mother..hardest day of my life    at least 2day will be good!
i hope to achieve goodness one day 
can your body reject you trying to be healthy ever since i went to the gym the other day, i have had a not stop headache 
Last day to get tan  ill miss you waikiki
Note to self---running the day after giving blood is a big mistake! Almost passed out; I had to stop after only 15 minutes 
What a crazy/busy day! And it's not over yet AT.ALL. I'm not even going to have time to make dinner. This blows. 
looks like I might just go to work, setup my laptop, and try updating throughout the day 
Going through depression. Although it's only been 1 day, this is the longest I've been without my car.  http://twitpic.com/5603v
@PatrickJrPoet I lose my debit card @ least 1x a day n my phone 3x a day, real talk.  
I'm not having a good day  I need something good to happen to me..#trackle?
@jackierose That's no good!  I hope your day gets better...are you physically okay?
I so boored.  Why is summer torturing so much!  It's my b-day 2morrow! ^.^
@MaddyJonasx3 i want to go really bad, but another thing is i have finals the next day 
@knightsdrkangel welcome to my 2 day hell 
really, really bad tech day   bad enough in general, but when you work virtually, it is a HUGE problem - sigh
I need a massage  hard day 
tired restless... promoting all day for the view lounge 
Just One day to go... as much as i wish i'm wrong about this... its not looking good for @peterfacinelli -Where's the passion you guys??? 
@morrowkitty *hugs* looks like you've had a rough day, sorry 
great bike ride today!  Last sunny day for a while 
My computer has given me nothing but hell all day I wish it would just act right for 5 seconds 
some day ill get sleep 
feels all the sudden drained, wow this day went horrible 
Having a day of sick leave. 
@stevegelletta   that's okay, another day  we will all have to hang.
other beautiful day but once again im stuck inside  and  really want some chocolate!!!!   i juat want what ever i have to go away!
talking to richie, half day tomorrow, hair appointment and then graduation. party after, cell 
fun day.. but now sick to my stomach 
I'm lamenting not having my huge salad for the second day in a row. 
What a bad day it has been so far, hope things look up. 
Watching TV. What a boring day 
What a bad day. So much bullshit i swear... Could this day get any worse? I hope not 
its so sad to realize all the stuff you do during the day that you can't when you're sick  bored and lonely with no one to talk to
@tiggsintexas   I'm sorry.  that stinks.  I'm used to it - but I work here, there, and everywhere so it breaks the day up.
is only aloude 1 smoke a day  is that fare???
@romulus9 wow, you met shmitt!  i bet that made your day! hope it was better than when i met pat white, he wasn't very nice 
longg day at both jobs! in bed freezing!! my window broke  i think it might snow!
my voice is getting croakier as the day goes on and its getting harder to talk 
crabby day! 
@DWlipSmack I have to clear them nearly every day.  That's one of the downsides of having an unblocked profile, I guess.  
I wish I had someone to talk to...  gone to bed. Another horrible day. 
I am really tuckered so I'm going to skip yet another day of exercise this week  ~sigh~ But I have been really good @ eating low glycemic!
website is down - domain.com put a big downer in the day 
Everyone send positive vibes to @JAMESONWELLS , he must be having a bad day 
 what a weird day it has been yesterday, let's start a new stage... A new level coming up...
@golden so i txt you like you asked.......got nothing  -sad day
@beingmyself lOl! well u don't aim MEe all day anymore  lol
@kjbmusic sorry mad late...lol...my day was alright...meeting all day... 
I hope my ear still isnt infected on the day of the concert. 
what a beautiful day to be stuck inside 
It's a sad day when humans can't get along with elves 
@cHaLyA Of course i know! M'while, is it wrong to want brandy this early in the day? I'm getting weirder 
its amazing how one day of no power can put you this behind... 
@jack_of_clubs how are ya feeling 2day??sunburn is nasty   x
Finally an end to one of the longest, stressful, and saddest day of my car's life. 
@Morgannnn__ yay!!!i realised the other day i can type while looking at the screen =D lol but so can heaps of other people  haha
being late is NOT good  and forgetting you wallet also makes the day just that tad worse D:
second day f teching for children of eden today. fun! 
Another boring cloudy day 
@altepper jees mate - that's terrible  hope the day gets better!
feels urgh for the second day in a row 
tiring day ever. i cannot move a muscle anymore. 
@laurakalbag Sounds like you are having a bad day! 
not so awesome day. just because i'm small in title, people ignore me. sighs 
last day of 6th grade! it really hasn't developped in my mind i wont see some of my friends in 2 months 
Proper want to be on LiveLounge one day 
another awesome day that I go and ruin as per usual 
waking up cold on the floor, is no way to start the day. Not to mention we are out of coffee. 
They play the sound track to my falling tears  yesterday i was over it, i wake up to day and the pain is back.. &lt;/3
@ankita_pretty The discomfort level is likely to remain static.There is no possibility of rain in a day or two.. 
This is the big day ! and the sad too ... I will miss you a lot ..   wish us good luck !
 I 'm really disappointed my brother isn't coming 2day..2morrow he will come.......I hate myself when I misunderstand things
On my way to work on this rainy day 
early morning drop-off. ugh, what a depressing looking day outside 
Here we go another day with nothing to wear to work  http://myloc.me/4gK7
PC went bang  trying to sort out will be offline for rest of day. 
i hate somebody. well, actually, they are two. both of them really sucks! they made my day miserable and frustrating. 
 not in the mood for babysitting today, especially on a rainy day! What r we gonna do inside?!
goodmorning wondertweets day 3 of being sick. 
hardest way to start off the day 
I hate hate hate not ever being able to sleep at night and spending all day in bed 
meeting cancelled. three day reprieve. looks like someone is working all weekend again 
Morning, off to workk all day, then meetin up wit my personal trainer then hopefully sleeeep. Long ass day 
Wishing I didn't overthink things so much... This is going to be a long day 
okay. the first day of my second year college life is over. have to prepare tomorrow for chem. class. 
@agrossbe sounds like the worst day ever 
i got up so early the day i had the chance to sleep in 
another gross rainy day in the city  yuck
@rolandgonzales yeah, not a good way to start the day. You're right, I should take a mental health day. 
@emjc happens to me every day... 
i have the day off but everyone else has their english orals 
@lilroxybabe8188 sounds like your having a bad day alrady 
Why is it that the one thing I am allergic to outside has the highest pollencast rating for the day? I've been sneezing up a storm! grass 
please keep everything crossed-results day approaches 
not havng a good day, my back hurts, headache and its sweltering in my office 
What a way to start my day by falling on the freaking W train this morning.... well now I can say that I did a split in my life time.  
I'm chillin in clay classstudying and jammin out to some 'Ye. This day is going by so slow... 
So I woke up @ 10:14 for the second day in a row.....sad face 
@BDazzler @Cephiros, I have missed so many of those awesome deals only to find out about them the next day.  It definitely ruins ones day 
eating a wonderful breakfast at the hotel. its suppose to rain all day in the city 
somebody unfollowed me.  anyways,sorry for not twittering the whole day.busy.
Just woke up, so far it's a bad day. Hopefully things will turn around very soon 
On my way to work, crappy rainy day 
working, watching this crappy day go bye and jealous of my girlfriend having the day off and not me 
@ohsoprettyalien It's insanely ridiculous! I don't mind once in awhile, but this is like every day 
graduation day. please stop raining 
I wish i was off  i'm having a horrible day.
it's my last day here  going to find salvation army.
9 days to race day &amp; I've got a tender spot behind my right knee... hurts when touched, while running &amp; anytime knee is lifted up high 
had a real shitty day 2day..stress,exams,drama its 2 much!  wish i was anywhere else but here!!!
Probably the most boring day ever.. Not even 'the hills' got me happy 
bad day 2day - cut my finger (literately sliced a bit off) and not going to see the saturdays 
one day she'll realize how cruel she's been 
Today was our last day of school and everybody cried! It was SSSOOOO sad! 
AR on the brain, not been a good day  
sore throat = no recording rainy day = no fun 
sore throat = no recording, rainy day = no fun 
Having a hell of a day and its not even 1pm yet. 
slow love x&amp; nasty song day being that its raining 
bought an awsome fathers day card lol...depressed i hav 2 run 200m in sports day 
totally unproductive day ..  need to focus more
@kaykaykatelyn i would go to the gym but i cant cause i went yesterday and i have to have a day inbetween, also i dont have a ride. 
 daily injection    ..... one day ..... i should write a song about it....or makin a movie
perfect summer weather in l.a. today. too bad im doing errands all day 
this day could not get any worse. 
had a bloody awful day and is now cold and tired 
Tough day filming, about to start edit now - even though its a pilot this was a hard scene to capture, and we may need to cover it again 
doing stuff....not a nice day 
@pink82 sorry you are having a rough day 
Another awesome schooless day! I'm being so lazy  lol
wat a rainy day...mad depressing 
@thechurchgirl no studio  ... I can't wait for you to do another albulm... I'm buying ten copies lol. have a great day buddy
@ryanlovesdemi i know  it ruined my whole day.
This is such a lazy day. 
@Flipflop1 - i went to see co-op and how they do things.  im tired now after driving nearly 400 miles in 1 day 
finally making my way onto the laptop.. been too busy to tweet all day 
@FataleSanchez wish I had it like u. Its been a long day 4 me  http://myloc.me/4kQU
Turning into a nice day that I won't see a lick of...  
day of cleaning  i always pick up my family's garbage.
i had my voice for a day...and now its gone again 
I hate feeling sick  It totally f***ked up my day! I had alot planned and got none of it done. I need to get down to business tomorrow!
is getting ready to go to the hangout,its my last day in gulf shores 
not a good day in the hot as hell state 
spent the day on the sofa feeling real ill, this ain't no way to start my summer 
libraries are so boring and unexciting.. epically when your sitting in one trying to write a paper all day 
glad to be home.  rough day. 
@RissaAnnaly noo. but i wanted to go try it out when i drove past the other day.  are they really good?
urgggg it has been raining non stop all day 
Having someone in your office with you all day is no fun at all 
prays this situation doesn't get worse. truly this day couldn't get worse. I'm going to miss you puppy 
Home...by myself...for the rest of the day... 
last day of school 2moz  sooooo upsetting and then some weird man exmaining my mouth! what an exciting day!
had a lovely day today. not phd-productive  but great. met up with folk i haven't seen in ages, and spent evening painting wellies
@MissAwe slutty mac slut ....i cannot study for some reason  plus i slept all day so i cnt sleep ..i am scared
has been on drugs and tea all day 
My day went kind of bad. I made a friend mad. 
had a strange day.  dinner then out.
@EvenAtNight i didn't get to see you wednesday night  sad sad day! and i'm ecstatic we're married! so i win by vernacular (:
@PhillyD I WISH I COULD GO! But i have to study for provincials the next day instead  boo! If you'd stuck to the 16th i would've gone.
Wishes she could hug josh and make his day better 
@craigeryowens awww i hope you feel better  i figured something was up since you hadnt posted all day haha
1st day of the rest of our lives, I miss u already guys 
From a twentyK credit limit to a thousand. what a gay day! 
@ogeezitzmatt i want my snow white burger  sad day..
Fish fail day #2 
having a way-too-awful day... 
is having such a depressing day 
Misses the life of being a dancer, taking 5-6 hours of dance a day, rehearsing and performing ballet 
tired, hot, &amp; dusty-- feeling unsatisfied b/c couldn't meet my small goals for the day. problems erupted whenever and however they could 
made scrambled eggs for breakfast. if i keep this up, i'm going to get fat  . i'm just continually eating. and i just sit around all day.
My house is filled with so much. But nothing real.  it's a sad day.
@khaosangel31 ive got witchy stuff that day. sorry 
What a freaking day....plottter down too forever to print my plans 
BED! After another day of worry 
first tweet from tweetdeck.  sad day. sad sad day... i thought we were better friends 
off to dinner for my pop's b-day... now the long drive to summerlin... 
day 2 of #tmobilefail  still getting random time texts that go out of order! (n)
@beaney @cafedave wish i went to coffee mornings  maybe i'll make it next week! sounds like 2day's session was lively!
so when i was walking the pups today...a bird pooped on me  that was my story for the day...sad day...
@superaleja bummer.  a bad computer day all around.
Golfing in orlando in 95 degree weather, laying by the pool all day..this is the life! If only one person could be with me 
i just found notes my best friend wrote up for me to help me study for my exams.. we spent that whole day/night together in the library.. 
an injury prone day  wacked my elbow--papercut on a chart---and ran into a chair--time to retire for the day
@madisonnnn awe, sad day  that's okay.
i want the pens to bring the cup into panera  they were at hofbrauhaus the other day! soo closee!
Why do two of my good friends have to get married on the same day? its not fair 
Doesn't have her beautiful pickup anymore    it's a sad day.
@PaulRushing its been a steamy 95 here the last couple day. Sucks 
@williger The sad thing is that I find myself blocking more people per day than I befriend.  
I think one of my ears is infected from getting them pierced the other day cause it hurts! 
got home from another routine day of making some white guy a little bit richer  
had a good, but tiring day. i miss a lot of friends tho 
ugh long day well its that day were nothing seems to be going right every thing is falling apart 
My head hurts for like the 30th day in a row.    And I fail at sleep.
@familyofshorts You know me... Just trying to wrap up some stuff &amp; catch up b4 bed. I was out most of the day so I'm behind 
Wondering how, when and where my great day took such a bad turn. 
Today was a good day, really disappointed that I didn't have some 1 on 1 time with my husband 
I should not have watched that movie twice in one day. Now I'm really lonely  
@MzFuller8 i try.  i have to try and keep my spirits up...got a hard day ahead of me. 
Wow, some of the trending topics for the day are not so nice. 
had a really long day. now having trouble sleeping 
is having an intense fat day 
A semi- good day, asiant pageant a day we've been waiting for! And i hope you feel better! 
is on the last day of her holiday today, so what happens? I'm up at 6.15 with a 5 year old who is &quot;lonely&quot; after a crap nights sleep. 
@peterfacinelli  sorry you had such a bad day 
It has been raining all day and now quite heavily. Another flood on the way? 
@mayora thanks. i hope so too. i'm well over it. it's been building up over the course of a day and a half now. 
fun night!!   bedtime for me now....only one more day of vacation 
great, sick before the big day 
Tweetimg shall shortly b over..almost there  wounder if I'll get lunch 2day...and what time will I be able to leave? :s o maaaaannnnnnnnnn
I had an amazing day hanging out with my best friend, probably for the last time while i am still here.  i'm going to miss you kimby,  ...
@30SECONDSTOMARS grey and cloudy here  although it's meant to get nicer later on in the day. fingers crossed...
seems that i need to wait another day before the jailbreak comes out 
hospital 2day  wish me luck
#technetvconf Think this maybe pattern of the day first call so I need to leave the office 
Would like to thank a smoked salmon bagel and a can of red bull for keeping me alive this morning. Today is going to be a very long day. 
thinks that it is sad day for F1 
missing her sound card &amp; its only been half a day 
adeles sports day today all the family coming means i have to cook all day  think i will reward myself with a vodka or 3 2nite ;)
arghhh i hate not having a car. 1 month: it's going to kill me.. 1 day into uni holidays and i'm already bored out of my brain 
so tired 2day and hungry! 
disertation meeting postponed till 2pm. throws my whole day out of whack! 
day two orientation...god i hate waking up this early 
@MariaLKanellis i hope u would reply to me 1day ..  i won't give up! i love u, u're my inspiration!
what a boring day 
another sick day at the @hooeyspewer / @timepilot house, this is getting ridiculous 
I'm here and my trainer still isn't. I'm worried about clocking in late on my first day.  I guess if I explain, owner won't be upset.
I need a lazy day 
Awww my heart just broke  even though I've  knew it for ages, To have it confirmed is just worst, my day Is ruined I still love you though
just my luck! planned to go fishing all day on my birthday, but raining now and don't look like it will stop any time soon 
@craigmaddocks I can never get a band of 2  I tried doing some co-op the other day and it wouldn't let me join, or the other person 
amazing how things you use day to day like keys and usb stick. but then one day ... they just go missing! ahh i need them so bad 
My fiance is finally home for the day and its shitty outside  What to do for the day...
having a bad day  need a coffee
*sighs* not having a very good day 
Wow...can't believe my last day of wrk is finally here. I'm going to miss my staff here at hospital 
another day another feeble attempt at #squarespace contest 
Nothing like starting the day with a flat tire. 
Looks like I'm done for the day 
I am so tired. I will be half asleep for the rest of the day. 
Another dreary day. And I'm not feeling too well  Still hoping for some calls about jobs...
whenever I wake up early my stomach is weird for the rest of the day 
@JUDAHontheBEAT WOW! i woke up with this on my mind, but had no idea the actual anniversary of his death was today. saddest day as a kid 
It was really hard to leave my kids again today, 5th day in a row of a sitter at some point 
Just realized that I had three holes in my favorite pair of jeans. I walked around all day in them, and no one pointed it out to me. 
@GlamDeWstella71  hiya - am good thanks. development  day is a teacher training day ! they seem to have a lot of them 
is sccared abbout speech day !! :O and wishing *someone* would come online... 
Waking up with a slight headache is just not a good way to start the day.  I think I didn't get enough caffeine yesterday.  
I miss seeing my friends every day but i guess it's time for me to see new people  fun
Wow, it's not raining at the moment...oh but we're supposed to have thunderstorms all weekend  I want sunshine not a cloudy day
Today's going to be a sadish day. Saying goodbye to family is always sad 
Seems to be a very lazy day 
Bad bad day..........., my dog is dead-this is not a joke 
2day was pretty nice...wish i culd go out thou...am bored at here 
2day was pretty nice...wish i culd go out thou...am bored here 
threw her back out yesterday and is stuck in bed all day. So much pain. 
The puppies are leaving now. Its strange, i've only had them for a day and i'm going to miss them 
I would be having a wonderful day if someone famous would follow me. 
exciting day ahead...yeah right! 
Yes it's true, I'm awake during the day. For some reason lately I get too tired for late night, take a nap and wake up between 7-8. 
@choppers89 we shut down TTS.. it was too much work to sort through all the bots and approve new members.  it was a sad day.
rained all day...  at least a reason to stay inside and learn.
@notsooglam Sounds like you're having a bad day. 
Still kinda sick, going to be in bed all day again.... 
ughhh! why isnt ellen on !?!?! who cares about golf. this is the 2nd day in a row i havent got to  watch ellen 
busy busy day. taking a nap. i miss my boyyy 
Definitely will stay inside the rest of the day 
Night working seems to get to you on day 3 for sure...first two days I woke up fine; today not so much 
missing my love bug    The first day is always the hardest
@Rayisonfire i spend the whole day without food!  everyday is the same thing. mfmfmfmf
@crod313 so sorry we didn't sleep @ ur house   what a day
Working on a layout 4 fathers day card but it makes me sad b/c the scene i depicted will never come true. 
had a very busy day. I didn't have time to update  anyways my day is done 
@petrilude damn  bad traveling day for you! sorry nothing seems to be going your way today &lt;3 
@kiptyn hopefully your international surfer day will go better than my international hug a musician day ... I recieved no hugs 
not the best way to start the weekend or fathers day...at the hospital visiting my gpa. 
Running late to a b-day get together 
this is a boring day! everybody's out of town or going soon. 
Not a fan of my last day. 
What should I do today? I think I'll ride to the shops and get a smoothie then walk my dog.. What a boring day! 
Why must these things happen a day before the big event?!?! 
shedding tears day and night for my people,wished to be there 
Pretty much just had the worst day anyone could've had 
This was the longest day EVER! Seemed like everything went against us. 
@omgahitsmoe awww my bookie! I cant just come down the road like i did the day before i left 
@nhv09 its a lot goin on. 2day is not my day 
Today is one boring day. The rest of my family is going to a grad party 
i hope that I one day understand... 
long day :S ..  whole morning: at hospital..so i have a stupid trauma in my left hand! i cannot write.. its desesperating 
@dineth how did your paper go? waking up late on an exam day is really nerve wrecking because i'd rather take my time and relax. 
the colour of the day is grey. lol. this is so random. had a hockey game this morning against friends. we lost 5-6.  doing homework. :O XD
nener nener nener... lesson of the day-lawn mowers are not always your friend. 
if i can get that bag, what do i want for my birthday?  this bag thing is really ruining my day
@Lucyatthedisco i could but i will be stuck in registers all day  i proabaly wont have a chance to get any
another tweetless day 
I am worrying about my dog she was snake bit 2 day.  
@Daynerrs Yahhh come see me! I am sure I will be super bored! It's supposed to rain all day! 
I'm sleepy as all heck right now. It's been a loooooooong day! 
Has been cleaning all day and now the dust is making me sick 
can't stop thinking about the future,  I can't seem to slow down and take things day by day 
Pretty sure I shouldn't eat healthy all day then have taco bell and soda. Not feelin good 
This cold will kill me one day. Vaporizing now in a desperate bid to get rid of it 
long day with microsoft is my nightmare 
The only thing I feel like doing is lazing in bed aaallllllllll day  but en route to the office instead
only been a day but it sucked waking up alone this morning, missing @missclaire rather a lot 
Going on a 2 day hike - o joy 
so i spent the rest of the day writing essays  bleaugh.
Up later than usual; means for a quick tidy up before some more writing and then off to play gold in the pm, going to rain all day though 
should stop drinking, been going all week!! naughty ascot atmosphere  stomachs feeling the pain but will hold out one more day!
looking for ideas for fathers day!!  i always leave these things to the last minute 
horrible day.. guess who's ill? 
holy crap! it's hitting me! i just keep thinking of people i have known since kindergarden and it's  going to be the last day i see them! 
The real last day of the rush @ cooper city 
rainy day.   sucks
its 17:44 here and not a single drop of rain here.huh just an overcast day and nothing else..... 
Feeling rather sad today as the puupies have gone and i'm going to be stuck in all day and my dad is out walking; sigh 
@stalkbrandon via video chat, as usual  but im trying to think of an activity now (lol like were in day care or something)
I missed the opportunity for a text war  I miss you too and can't wait to talk to you... I'm getting ready for day 3 training!
I tell everyone it's not good to weigh yourself every day; but don't always listen to my own advice-gained 2 lbs since yesterday 
Swimmers have to be there before the meet so they can be verified for the heats.  She's already in the computer as a scratch for the day 
And my significant other's desk where I type furiously at least twice a day has terrible ergonomics. 
i hate being sick  going to take a nice hot shower to hopefully feel better then on the couch all day 
@taasshhh which day..saturday ?..i think ill be in the city 
Nothing worse than rain when you planned a full day of riding, demonstrations, and games. 
@cruzing4jensen  glad it went well.  sorry i could not stay up with you.     hope you have a good day and try and get some sleep
so gutted. victor matfield was 1 day away from moving to saints and then decided to move back to whatever team he used to play for 
working on my day off   - glad the weather is rainy...
Either I just discovered my bf is a jehovah's witnesses, or me being bed ridden all day yesterday seems to have ruin his b day... 
Oh what a horrible morning, oh what a horrible day, I've got a horrible feeling, everyone gets in my way 
not hanging around to day - lots to do, but need advise on my bees 
@precentral @PreThinking @everythingpre @palm clarivue told me on release day that they'd have screen protection, not on their site yet 
I've accomplished nothing but eating my cereal so far.  This is starting out to be one lazy day!  Too bad I can't go to the pool today... 
up for the day after a long night. wish i could sleep.  miss you grandpa. &lt;3
@mcflyharry good morning aussies more like it (12.01am) oww  my weathers been crappy. enjoy your day and best of luck! ily millions xoxx
Another yucky day 
@TashaDoss Be careful, mama - I saw your 100 degrees the other day and that's a good way to pass right on out. 
day off!  except i have a million things to do 
Ahhh yes a heat index of over 100 my kinda day 
I get to have lunch with writer friends, yay!  But then I still have to finish writing page quota for day 
The gym kicked my a$$ this morning! Now I get to spend the rest of the day writing a speech and essay. Yay for me  good thing it's cloudy.
got up at 8 on her only day in to sleep in   might take a nap later
trying to mentally prepare for a day full of yardwork, and family time.  
it's raaaining.... on pride day.... 
after doing everything all day long . hufh . so boreeed todaay 
@lykethebyrd sorry you're having a bad day 
good morning everyone!!  just woke up from a 7 hour nightmare and its raining for the 20th day in june. wonderful! 
graduation. great way to spend the first day of summer. nottt. boyfriends leaving today  23 days baby
just enjoyed some delicious grapefruit and croissant. time to prep quickly to head out to the memorial....what a gloomy day outside!  
On my way 2 the set 4 2dsy's shoot. I haven't eaten yet 2day, I'm soooo hungry! 
hey friends.....  just checking in. another rainy crappy day in the poconos 
On my way 2 the set 4 2day's shoot. I haven't eaten yet 2day, I'm soooo hungry! 
Just closed about 15 charts- and ordered pizza for the office- I've also been told that I have no life b/c I am working on my day off. 
building day.  ugh.  &amp; i thought i would be able to hang out with friends.  
Not a fun day after all. 
Its raining and my football team is down at the half.  a sad day
@mncal_dreamer I'm working all day. 
busy, gloomy day - my finger hurts 
:sigh: this just isn't my day. 
i cried the whole day.. because i think i cnt live without her..  wish i could do better
is ready for another crazy day! I just wish the rain would go away, I do not think my head can take much more! 
Wrapping farthers day prezzies and wishing they were all mine!!!! 
I didn't plan on how 2 deal with my hangover 2day, i am suffering 
Haha. I was super sick all day..and I couldn't get back to the hotel.  worst French experience ever.
Another day gone.  how do people manage to fit everything into 24 hours?
@iota I hope your day gets better. 
thank you so much sweetie for destroying my day! 
has done nothing all day.. 
I am going to call it a night! A day full of fun activities and leisure has finally come to an end.. 
bad thing about drinking, i waste the next day sleeping it off  i must not drink tonight, have to be productive.
OK I have slept most of the day away.   No idea WTF is wrong with me.
@AlyYvonneG I didn't have it done. I have an overactive thyroid and the risk was too high. They kept me there all day for nothing 
has been in bed all day.......off to drag myself in the shower but really cant move  lol
 Having a terrible day, hope everyone else is doing better off than we are at the store.
I need to stop smoking at parties, makes me feel sick the next day. 
@tikitender wish I was going tonight    we will see day is young
@anothercraig haha i agree! my day was ok...went on a shopping trip in edinburghbut felt ill so could have gone better 
@heidigoseek  i hope the rest of the day is better
I'm hating that I do not have a legitimate pair of contacts to get me through the day! I despise being vision impaired 
finished my editing and completing my followup excel sheet.. it jus gets cumbersome day by day.. conversion is just 5% 
Yupp. I'm going to miss have to frees a day 
@ohalexxxx I sure hope so!  I saw the guy the day before, but not him!
one tree hill all day. i need to recover from yesterday.  arts and crafts tonight. alone &lt;3
@uscweetie wish I could go to the bbq, have meetings all day 
@THOROBREDREN send me some good vibes ... I'm having an awful day. I need to remember that I need to shine 
@BiancaLaureano u clearly get the tweet of the day award...total downside to living solo  I feel ur pain lol
get up now.a still hot rainy day 
Long day so ready to go home and my monkey isn't eating 
@kyleyleger sounds like they are having a hard day  hopefully tonight's game is better
had a very productive day. Tmw is a lazy day but have to work on auctions, plan on cleaning closet.  bleh
i have nothing to doooo!!!!  the weather is crappy and ive been inside all day.   i wish it would be sunny outside.
@buzzbunny NO  it's a sad, sad day.
its been a boring day not hanging out with @chelseachase @topherharbor &amp; @blackstoneghost 
@thebeerrun lol someone asked me about the cheba hut the other day.. ive never been tho 
*sigh* my day has gone down hill. 
wow...what a loooooong day  and nothing happen at all
I had a great day and I really dont feel like stocking chips 
nothing happend today  boring day ... need poker break ...
Not a good day  my mouth is really hurting me  pain meds not working  
@wetheTRAVIS so a touring company in oz said they'd announce tours 2day... it was green day.i'm actually disappointed cos its not WtK lol 
So sick.....been in bed all day long 
Having a down in the dumps day 
going to go get to work finally. ran errands and cleaned all day. 
great day at the lake! then got a chai and dropped it on the ground, that made me sad 
The girl is in a blah mood because of father's day. It breaks my heart. 
Still in bed. I took a whole day to stay in bed &amp; think &amp; read &amp; deal w/my emotions. And I still don't know how I feel about all this. 
it's another boring day. 
@revolutioniran : trust me! i have cried all day! 
@BobbyFreeman dude, did we not have a conversation in the office the other day? I'm whitie &amp; don't speak Spanish  boo!
had a nice day, but I'm really super cranky now... 
@DavidArchie i wish i could go to all the fun places you go. but alas, here i am in jersey where its been raining every day this month. 
somebody come cuddle? i had a sad day 
@ComptonAssDeezy =O and u didnt invite???  not cool!! but how was ur day??
Is going to bed. had a fun relaxing day in the sun at the pool but it was SO hot today! Now I gots mosquito bits  G'night Tweets!
@misharae74 maybe he was having an off day. He is usually unvelievably nice. sorry you had a bad experience 
I am having such a terrible day....  I reallk want to cry a little.
Working out on the 90 day exercise dvd I bought from the infomercial. I'm liking the results that will come, but, bootcamp is bootcamp... 
What a wasted day mini golf was an utter failure. 
Long day  want to go to bed really badly lol
its been a long day  i can barely keep my eyes open
@mrswilsontobe yes i have just spent the entire day procrastinating and now have a clean room and car but no plans 
it does not look like my father's day fantasy evening will not happen. no $$ and no sitter for indi overnight 
I feel terribly ill, i've felt this way all day. 
national go skateboarding day... washed out. great 
Hates rainy day... 
going to bed. what a looong day that alarm is going to ring too soon for my walk 
what's the purpose of me running the mountain 2day i been eating nonstop ever since so sad 
sleeeeeep. taking dad to breakfast in the morning then work for the rest of the day 
@renees didn't have phone yesterday had to leave it to be charged  hope u had a good lounge day - call me if u still up?
well its fathers day and well another shit day 
having a gappy-fringe day. boo 
I had the most stressful day yesterday it was crazy!! P had to b taken to the vets as she was crying and limping then holiday trouble 
yeah.  several years ago.  miss him every day  but especially on dad's day
don't you just hate it when you waste your whole day with sleeping ? --&quot; i didnt wake up until 5pm ...  what a productive day i've had...
i love my family.... i dont want to leave tomorrow  one day is not long enough to spend time with my favorite people
The summer solstice &amp; longest day today. From now on the days get shorter. It kind of feels like downhill to winter 
@dreamdressing lol. i always forget how to read korean. i remember most characters one day... and then forget later 
morning all ... beginning to slave over a hot stove in readiness for my fathers day .. but what about the grand prix .... 
finally day for relaxing...but the rain has ruined everything 
@4Furwoodthought it's tough, especially if you've spent any time at all with actual international news.   happy father's day, btw.
@sispurrier Sounds like every day to me at the moment 
I decided to wear my dress for the first time today ... 11 hour day. It was a horrible idea. The tailor took the back slit out 
day off! w00p! shame i dont really feel very well 
had the best day behind the stumps in a long time yesterday........but now has blue hands!! 
@resabug It didn't happen  I have other health problems and it was too risky. But they did keep me at the hospital all bloody day -_-
@ruchirfalodiya agreed  khair.. what r u planning for the rest of the day?
raining, lazy day 
rainy day  and it's boring...hearing music and relax in my bed :p
I thought i had gotten over my jet lag, but maybe not. I still feel exhausted in the day, and alert at night. Plus i now have a cold too. 
falling asleep as i write this. all nighters are fun at the time, but not the next day  night all xxxx
We're half way through the year?? It's the longest day and now it starts getting darker again! 
feel determined to get releases again i regret falling off after second day 
is moody for the whole day for some reason 
what a hopeless day!     
learning  but the music makes it al good  green day!
@TheTinyJEWELBox  I will be taking my son back to school today.  Its only a 2 hour  drive one way , but that is like the whole day.  
curses. parking ticket makes it an expensive day out. 
i don't want to go to college induction day anymore. i'm scared. 
has no voice and wishes it were going to be a quiet day at home curled up in bed...no such luck, another busy day ahead! 
happy birthday @kaaaaay ! i want to get into bed and fail for the day but bear is totally laying on my duvet and i don't want to move him 
@2kutekreations aww  just think positive thoughts through out the day. It will help! i promise 
or fate? One of them checking that mail a day too late and missing a golden chance to meet up 
I miss my twins on day's like this... Wish I didn't have to work. Ild stay in bed all day... 
last day of convention  it was great seeing everyone
I don't want to go to school tomorrow.  What a tiring day! I enjoy twittering at my phone by the way.
Just having another lazy day..the rains so annoying! 
SAmbuka hurts the next day 
As for plans for the rest of the day, laundry and dishes top the list.  Bleahh
@mchechi:  I actually had a dream I could remember the other day... Is your phone still broken?
So far, had 1 person pick up an order. Not worth being open on father's day 
I still don't have an idea for a fathers day gift.... its getting closer and closer to gift time!!!! what do i do??? 
Driving experience - day 2. No idol 
My teeth hurt  I wish the sun would work for just one day....
so awake right now  i need sleep got a big day tomoz
@nbc4i during the school I travel past that intersection 6 times a day and I've seen my fair share of accidents. 
I feel like I've lost a big part of my life  hopefully I will get It back one day
Too bad I'm spending the majority of my day inside. 
have no idea what i'm doing but wasting the day away 
great fathers day- however the bike broke this morning on the ride-  got to go and get it fixed- need a new chain
@DeeDarling wow.........i hate mondays lol crappiest day of the week longest possible time b4 weekend 
been an eye-melting, drudgery kind of day. I feel so cut off 
@tacce Probably so, one of my neighbors tried to unlock our apt door the other day. But still, def freeeeeeaky. 
knows that 1 day my ship will come in.....but, I will probably be @ the airport 
done getting sun for the day...might so wash my car, its been months 
@BeesLikeZeebras It's only an hour, but I have to spend the rest of the day out with my family, uber gay  lol
@Belushka i think that will help, i just had my prison break dose of the day, and i finished the last season and i want to die 
ugh its one thing after the other i swear!  ntohing can make this day better 
@LynneAllbutt I did. But will get there day late  I'll be in trouble whatever
so i hate eating pills...yay for eating 6 a day now 
T-minus one day...then all doom breaks loose! 
It's like 23:50 here and I have been studying all day... Actually, the worst thing is that I have to continue to do so...  
@tanyalees yes, twittering with beautiful women would be a nice way to spend my day but unfortunately it doesn't paynthe bills. 
feels like she was hit by a truck  bed bound all day
15.5 hour day at work sanding and shit then back up the mountain. crazy day, up at 6:30to do it all again  xax
tired. good day. want to play soccer 
Long first day back   I want to go back to non-reality!
(@meesh31) Frustrating day #1 of 4 potentials.  I need a hug. This is sad.
My  internet is down til wed.  i need to work. I'm the only person in the world annoyed that a 3day weekend just became 5 days.
i did nothing all day 
Is not have a great day. I need a life line 
ugh cant i ever have a lazy day?  
I went rev hunting with my clan today, it was fun but it was a slow rev day 
tomorrow; the last day of school: many tars, many goodbyes, many memories. 
last day of school tomorrow; so many tears, too many goodbyes, many memories to be shared. 
@Aroundtheus haha cause I am always working  I hit u guys up my next free day
listen to music yet again looking out the window tired of looking at the news and getting disappointed  R.i.P to died on that train 2day
Mygoodness. One day at the beach for 2 hours and I swear I'm too shades darker. Its only the third week of june for crying out loud 
sad day on metro. luckily @cransell and I avoided the chaos. my thoughts are with those who have been affected. 
@mitchelmusso I'm so mad, i can't go to your concert when you come to boston....if only you would come a day sooner 
put my back out this morning and in a world of pain, good thing i have the day off as i cant get out of bed  
What the heck no calls from him allllllllll day long. 
I thought I was having a good day... ended on a sour note... 
#squarespace has changed the rules http://tinyurl.com/lsrby2 now I am entered for life! No more need to be creative each day 
long OR day, hand surgery conference and then practice oral board exams all while being sick! and make matters worse, its my birthday 
I have one more day to say good bye to my dog. 
What a movie. wish it was enough to make this day good 
My first day off! ;-) But will still stop by later to check up on stuff. 
day two: the intros are over, down to business 
Such a sunny day and now it's started to rain  still not gone to hogwarts yet, I got distracted. On my way now though
I'm just grouchy because it's been such a beautiful day and I've been stuck in here!! 
@aspieteach Sounds like you're having a bad day. I hope it improves. 
Morning twitters!!! Another day at the office and its day #84 and still havent gotten my review and raise... 
great day! I'm burnt again though 
Doing the same thing I do every day...what a waste. 
double periods of higher french on a nice warm&amp;sunny day  and noww, higher french homework on a nice warm&amp;sunny day  xxxxxxx
and man my followers are droppin like flies. yesterday i swear i had 30, and now i only have 26. sad day 
okaaayyy??? I just got to work at 8:30 right? so y do they got me on my first break at 9:15. This means im in for a very long day 
feeling worse than yesterday.. but toughing it out! only one more day with my kiddos 
byeeee guys... gn sd.... hope m able to sleep 2day... darn i havent slept for 2days.....  neways byeee!!!! 
Just listen avenged sevenfold-seize the day I want flashback my memories 
And it's a sad day when you know you've let down the Thundercats  http://bit.ly/wzWHt
I had a good day but i have sun burn on my arms ouch 
Were stuck in a boring hotel  so I'll bother you all day
Out for a bike ride. It is such a nice day out tofday. To bad it isnt going to stay that way. 
@lindstx...... Wish I felt that way   evidence day. 4 hours in class.
worked all night, up all day  I really hope to get sleep at some point.
Such a nice day.. and i have nothing to do 
Hey up and on the slave ship I'm so sleepy  but another day another dollar right?????
I miss my girlfriend  hope you're having a good day @krbarrios
I have been on the verge of tears all day. I'm having a horrible day. I wish I was at home with my boyfriend 
How can one person go from the best day in a long time to the worst  &lt;3 B
another cloudy newport day, but i'll take clouds and 70 degrees over a 100+ degree index any day. sad face for you kc 
Bad day have lost somethng i thought i would have forever, but my own fault 
looks like i'm stuck inside all day 
@sarahbellafina aww you poor thing  i'll shelve the funny for another day
Sitting in my stitch kigurumi having spent the day painting my bathroom....I don't want to go to work tomorrow 
what a boring day. no one is answering my texts 
a sad sad day.... i had to put my kitty down... 
@MimaMimz lol u better! How've you been though? I text you the other day, but got no response 
is having a bit of a sad day. 
i didn't think i'd be this sad that it's my last day with the kids    i'm going to miss those little guys
you have nooooo idea how bored i am. it's quite sad actually. what a waste of a day  but tonight should be fun with @pattycaketweet!
this sunburn sucks  boring day, and @sass_bby keeps texting me at 9:30 i will sleep in one day this week, -.-
Is off to sleep another mad day 
@cresh182 Overslept, sorry...bad day.  
todays my day off and I totally wasted it!  minnies sniffing me and I want jamba juice! k halo time! ;)
@aykayytay kayyy i've stayed in bed all day  who the heck got my sick last night? Haha :/
had an awful, awful day.  But I refuse to give up and I certainly will not waste valuable time being mad at people.
worst day ever. i guess i just shouldn't leave the house. ever. now i have the hiccups, too. 
i need a rest... majorly.. just a day of rest. sunday maybe 
@typicaldez i want subway  i haven't eaten anything all day....
last time tweeted = 1 day ago  sad sad sad.
I've been feeling headachey and vaguley light-headed all day. This sucks &amp; I'm not sure what's causing it. 
@djules I am sure you will! I am doing good been working on homework all day  boring!
 all day.. no play.
sleep in was good, dream was weird, busy day ahead of me 
@DatGurLiZpoYzuN that was not my choice to take a day off 
So, I spent the day outside and I still glow in the dark. I've seen corpses with more color than me 
busy busy day ah!! enjoy life avoid stress be on time .... i have to learn the hard way 
Eating hotdogs and kind of tired from today. Another day of boring summer school 
Taquitos.family vacation.lets do this. Tomorra the last day of impact 
@SeasonSays thanks. I swear I feel like I'm going to just pig out 1day &amp; forget my condition. 
It's a sad day when icey hot fails to work its wonders...   
is alone and sad ... isnt this suppose to be a happy day  i hate this feeling
@ravenme I think they're jokes, but of course, they'll be actual apps any day now... 
@rydyr But it still makes my day more interesting being able to stalk everyone who posts excessively.. I cant do that now 
My left arm has been partially numb all day. 
not feeling 2 great again 2day i feel ill not good 
@esotericsean One day!  I have high hopes to re-record, but @ChiWright is pretty determined not to.  #myinsecurities
Looks like I have to wait another day. 
@rafamoroni what books did you buy? I tried to see banksy the other day but queue too long 
Looks like another busy day ahead 
spending the day with error management 
MORNANG ;) should be a fun day, last few days in college, will miss it!  aha
will be spending all day trying to solve other people's unsolvable problems 
im up and have to go to college for a a full day on my 2 lesson day  - silly high education!
hates a stuffy day!  http://plurk.com/p/13s7y7
worst day ever  i shoulda stayed in bed &amp; watched @johncmayer again.. heading to go do that actually, only way to feel better thanks john.
off to staff conference in a bit, sun is shining and we'll be stuck in a lecture theatre for most of the day 
@fanafatin fatinnnnnnnn :'( I'm gonna miss u too! Really  today's the day! time flies so fast  babe! take care k! keep in touch! 
has a massively busy day ahead finishing yet another assignment!  Is there no end to these things?  Another one due next week too 
Ugh. that was least sleep-filled night i've had in a long time. today will obv be a v productive day 
@Cherye101 aww honey I'm sorry, I know what that feels like  I sometimes stay in bed the entire day for those reasons! hope u feel better!
i have the biggest headache from playing golf all day 
Looks like a nice day again, and i'm stuck inside doing housework 
@southernweather how much would it rule if we woke up one day, looked out our windows, and were looking into each other's faces? i'd cry 
says ohmygosh! i hate this day! i'm so unlucky  http://plurk.com/p/13sxyi
@MissCay I didn't even know he was ill. That's cast a bit of a shadow over the day now 
i'm off to bed now.. im up way past my bed time.. long day tomorrow   my fellow insomniacs how i miss stayin up with u! &lt;33
was looking forward to a free day... and is now bored out of her brains already!! and its only fricking 10:10 
no calls yet.no1 seem to remember me 2day. 
Starting to feel human again now - feels like a long and problematic day ahead tho  in need of a holiday but not time to have one
Its a bright sunny day. Just wish i could play outdoors, but i'm all alone.  
going to the school fun day today with my gals ! then going swimming i think if it turns out to be nice. 1 week ago was our last day in B 
hates that one of the side effects of the drug she takes every day (4 times a day) is insomnia....not cool 
@hannarnia your day sound as good as mine 
nobody is here to enjoy with me this great day... 
Boyfriend has left me so much for day with the fella more like day with myself!  xxx
day number 18947, -- man I'm so stupid!  I seriously fucked up.
Hates sitting inside when it's such a lovely day 
In shock that my best friend would hurt me so much! This is going to be a sad day. 
Phoneconfs for the rest of the day....welcome back to the real world 
i have hiccups again ! I get them at least once a day at the moment 
This storm is making my conference day sad  I hope I get to the airport in time, but traffic just isn't moving.
thinking how I miss an awesome day 
Going under the drill first thing, what a way to start the day 
needs another marlena day soon 
what a horrible, sad day 
sigh.. reboot 5 of the day and it's only 2pm 
what to do what to do what to do with the rest of the day....other then moping up missed peepee 
What a glorious day it is... I actually feel like mowing the lawn for the hell if it. I'm getting old 
The sun is out...and I will be stuck inside all day 
in bed might have to work for a little bit on my day off 
@JBreen09 Wish it was my every day view, but was just for a meeting we had yesterday. Normally I'm trapped in a cubicle with no windows 
feels like shitttttt. had to take a day off 
Paying bills while the kids are still sleeping.  Not my favorite way to start the day!  
@zellyb Me too!  We'll shoot there together one day dear - just you wait. &lt;3
today for the second day in a row i was trying to convince the girl i love to stay with me ...didn't succeed this time 
Going to work!!! can;t hold back the excitement! @mjg89 luck you miss day off 
thanks @depression_dog for ruining my day, again 
Home from work, one more time then getting ready for field day... sorry about last night, forgot my phone, so there's no tweets 
is feeling a little sick but has to get over it because there is a full day of laundry still ahead. 
training tonight. was good to have a day off but im still super sore from tues 
I was suppose to rec my card 4 rms between 10 to 15 wking daz, it s day 24 n no card yet. This region is so lame w/ their agreement. 
I tweet too much :/ trying to make myself tired to get some sleep if not I'll be in a bitchy mood all day  no one will like that.
getting ready to start the day...i slept on the floor last night  and my mom wasnt giving me much peace
Today is the day... of my surgery  pray please.
It is way too early to be starting the day 
really really hoping I stand a chance... I so neeeeed a new job, 14 days with 1 day off just isn't on 
@alexalltimelow I'm sick  keep me company tweet all day so I have something to do!
@Kenichan *sends pick me up and smile vibes* I sawwie day is crappy 
wonders y she is so unlucky this day.  http://plurk.com/p/13waqw
@CrackUpBoom haha the way my day is going that sounds like a good idea! too bad I have a meeting tomorrow 
I just burnt my face with my straightner  what a way to start out my day.
@Omily1976 that stinks   i always loved field day!
@ClillaryHinton my throath hurts-can't swallow coffee, coughing - can't smoke, headache-can't sit in front of computer....not a good day 
@SoloRunner thanks.  I should just rest, but I have a busy day and deadlines. 
Bad day  lets just say i hate final exams. I'd love a good laugh.
stupid rain just woke me up. already sense a bad day ahead 
This is gonnna be a long boring day 
has felt dizzy all day, and for some reason is incredibly tired 
off to work another double  is it time for my 3 day break in ec yet????? ughhhh
@GLAMOROUSVANDAL sure come within 10 days, you'll leave within a day, because its that cold here.. cold wind every day  lmaoo
Reading deeds and wills alllll day 
today is a lazy day, i'm not doin anything. i thought i was going to the beach but appearently not. 
Morning everyone... I wasn't too tired when I woke up this morning so I thought it would be a good day.. turns out... not so far.. 
I'm so broke it's not even funny, thank goodness tomorrow is pay day. I'm having a terrible headache 
@No1butMe2 I loathe rude awakenings  have a great day!
I'm filming my superstition video 2day. I'm a day behind.  I'll post either 2night or 2morrow! Thanks for your tweets!
well awake,my heads pounding..first day of tour hungover 
My god its another hot day and yet another boring day at work 
Just my luck ! Its going to rain on my prom day 
Going to waste the day being upset 
@rells02 wow its not a good day so far  hope it gets better
It's only been an hour, but it feels like forever and a day.  I guess this is way better than jail.
ugh. stuck inside on a beautiful day 
needs to find a happy place.. rubbish day 
This could turn out to be an expensive day. I need a sugardaddy 
rip farrah fawcet...she was a true icon. its a sad day. 
@lillyluna She died?  I just read an article the other day saying she was going to marry the guy she's been with for like...ever...sad 
has a feeling the rest of the day is going to be crappy. 
back from school, long walk! its flippin cold outside  2 days ago it was sunny, next day raining, and today snowing!
When you just want things to end, remember to have faith because one day, it's all going to be alright 
And so a down day on the market...happy my stocks held up 
@creativejenius long story man!! ill tell u one day when we have more time to talk  :[
tomorrow is a big big day. first day at the new job  uhh so nervous.
gone to sleep.. so tired! goodnight or good morning to everyone! have a nice day people 
at the end of the day i ended up exalted with a faction, 9 mounts richer, and 1100 gold poorer.  good night 
@ceanders good luck homes. I'll be at my computer for most of the day, so chat me if you want a diversion/support 
Another day another... coach load of Brummies 
sweetness! i can start writing stories again!  lent ended 2 nights ago! lol...its officially day 42 -_-;
first spanish lesson in an hour, nervous! massive drawing marathon for the rest of the day 
back from 3-day island tour  more pics @ my multiply site
finally calm, and ready for bed  ...all positive thoughts for the rest of the day!
breakfast done...shower done...time to get myself sorted for a day of essay writing! 
@maxmute enjoy your day! 
late night gaming with the guys. fun times.  [yesterday was a giddy day, too] &lt;3
is writing about twitter.....and hopes everyone is having a great day. www.the-gaylife.com 
@3rdbrain @imhassan well I won't mind to tweet once or twice each paper day 
Today is the first day when I woke up it wasn't raining  English &amp; history trimesters then aprinf break!
spending the day with one of my favorite little guys... 
@barefoot_exec 'mornin, have a great day. 
@grex78 I hope your day gets better 
i do actually love all the stuff i bought at hurley the other day, i spent far too much, but it is totally worth it 
Morning! had a great day. meet a new manager. She is sweet and nice.  my old jerk manager is gone forever!
morning twitterville! hope everyone has a great day 
plan for the day: aquarium &amp; soul food 
I have a full room of students ready for a few days of training, a bagel and a coffee - so the day is good to start. 
having a nice lazy do-nothing day! and i am loving it! 
@anniemoon hope your day gets better  
Today's goal: complete everything on my to do list! (or nap all day lol) 
Starting my day out with a positive attitude! To be great watch greatness! 
@sbasista whenever I find a good photo of the day I post it - suggestions are always welcome! 
just woke up. off 2 day. bout 2 make breakfast and enjoy my day.  
I'm off for a typically energetic (frenetic) day? Unusually cool here - might be a top-down drive to and from  - art has kept me balanced!
good morning everyone! I'm so over my bad day, time for good vibes 
@eleesha Each day is a blessing.  It can only go uphill from there 
I, for one, shall not disarm.  I may even own a gun some day.  
another wonderful day, hoping things will go well tonight! 
busy day! getting hit with production for commercials left n right but busy is good!! 
@gerardway  we understand you're really busy;  I'm sure you've got about a million things going on.    hope you had a good day!
happy birthday daddy  reading and then going to sleep! busy day ahead of me...more like busy week and then a busy month of may
@alexxpiinksz I bet one day she'll be doing an interview and she'll bring it up as one of those fan moments 
is settling in for another fun day at the office 
just got back from driving around with my best friend. we hit jambajuice, then bustbuy, then taco bell  good day, good day.
It's going to be a beautiful day so I'm cleaning up my yard &amp; catch up with the neighbors who are doing the same  
@pineapple28 wooooooooooooooooooo!  you made my day thank you!!!!
@gatorgirl2488 lunch next week is on like a bone  let me know what day!
enjoying this beautiful sunny day... just wish it was a bit warmer 
@OfficalJonasBro i love you nick...hope i see you in germany...world tour 2009!!!it would be the best day for me in my life...  O-O
had an awesome day. many many more where that came from 
YAY! I love Saturdays...sleeping in and not having to wear heels!  Have a great day everyone!!!
Working early yet again. Only 2 more hours til I can go home and relax on this beautiful day before getting crazy tonight! 
@MyParasites awww its okay you get to spend the day with meeeeeeee..... consolation-prizes for all! 
I had a happy day 
gorgeous day! eastern market and playing outdoors. 
happy day 
clueless comes on soon  haha then who knows what all the day holds?
goodnight tweeples. time for me to get some shut-eye. thank you all for another great day here at twitter. see you tomorrow. 
I hope you're all having a wonderful day / it at least gets better. 
enjoying this beautiful day got b on grind for a lil today then back to enjoying the rest of the day 
getting ready to head out to breakfast with Jenben and the girls  pretty sunshiney day outside!!
@alicephilippa The same way that when @NovaWildstar and I went in there we ended up spending lots - I spent over 40 quid that day 
Heading off to the gun range to learn about shooting. Later doing makeup on a friend! I love doing these extremes all in one day 
has had the best day out ever! and for a change is in a really good mood  xx
loving the sunshine, and day outside, need margaritas 
@iamrah @khaliefkhadafi Greetings empress and brethren!  Could the day be any more gorgeous?
gooood day today!!! more than half way done with my research paper!! 
Currently deciding how to spend this perfect day 
had the most made of awesome day ever  met @realjohngreen!!!! thank you for coming to philadelphia! dftba
Leaving for the day -- feel free to send us an email at ssleasing@fpacific.com &amp; we'll send you info! 
was ment to be a really productive day... guess not! I did assault my hallway with post it notes though 
What a wonderful lazy day 
guess what? my day was exhausting. I'm tired. I go to bed now. good night everybody 
good day  but I hope to get this paper done!!
is really looking forward 2 tom, cirque then curry! perfect day me thinks 
@sadknob  good thing P &amp; K have their day jobs!  
Just finished my pre-half run in my race day attire. It's official. I'm doing this thing. At least I have an easy week ahead.  #fb
@ModelMandyLynn no problem  always there to help just ask  have a nice day
@mattwardx i can imagine it was a pretty wicked day  havent had the chance to see him live yet, but i will, one day !!
@eatconsciously You posted my mantra for the day   I won't give up!
Loves her new haircut and is really having a wonderful day 
wow!!!  what an amazing day of exploring different worship styles   jesus is so diverse
good day  now a nice night with the love of my life &lt;3
had an amazing day with her amazing boyfriend. 
@CourtneySit I do that every  day . excuses. 
@bearheadedgirl been watching the marathon all day with my kids. I love those movies! 
didn't get any reading done, so much work to do tomorrow now, and I'm exhausted so I'll probably waste half the day sleeping in. oops 
Looks like a good day 
finally having a rest  crazy, busy day!
is finally finished being sick for the day 
i can't sleep!! lol 2day was pretty dam awesome!  [text me whorebags] 
@PuiKar76 i've spent most of the day milling around and feeling sorry for myself.. that seems to help 
Morning tweeps. If you're heading for #gadgetshowlive today, hope you have a wonderful time! If you're not going, have a great day anyway 
Just had a nice long lie...for a change...looks like another glorious day too  happy days 
Looks like a good day for a skate 
glad to be in bed, long but exciting day 
@scottyorange  kids b-day parties are the best fun  happy b-day 
its a nicee day! park anyone??? 
hello everyone...it's a wonderful sunny day outside! 
I'm spending my day with friends...or falling asleep on a couch...whichever path I end up on though, it will be a good day. 
@sashembrey the best part of my day was making $600 at my garage sale!  woot! 
I'm spending my day with friends...or falling asleep on a couch...whichever path I end up on, either way, it'll be a good day. 
had the best day yesterday at alton towers. Even caught the sun a bit 
its a nice day out hope ur all having a good day 
@isendcards I thought rain was a non-issue for golfers?    It's a great day for reading and rejuvenating!
listening to 80's music and painting all day with my boo 
is feeling better after a day of nothing  http://plurk.com/p/ozp02
@leeaileen agreed   4 day weeks sound awesome!
i'll get those pictures on here asap. we are waling out the door now so it will be tonight some time thanks hope you have a great day 
@andydick you are such an inspiration!!  i am sooo glad you are hanging in there and taking each day as it comes!!  much luck yo you!!! 
@benmwaldman Your tweets the past couple day are reaaaallllly angsty... deep breaths, man. 
rise n' shine! to another beautiful day 
halfway through the visitors as well as cake/coffe... today is a good day to gain weight 
sex and drugs. what an awesome day i had yesterday 
studymooning all day with @jorgeestrada. happy 
@file42x sorry you in class all day, for real...if you want me to call in an emergency, fake of course, just let me know! 
up bright and early for church after that the day will unfold on its onw i just kno that studyin is a part of my day as usual. go XULA  
Spending the day with my man.  
@MizzWorthy hello my sweet  hows your day been? 
1st day off in 4 weeks and I waste it in bed!?!?! Time to kick my butt &amp; go sort my horse out! 
@HilDancelove last night was just f*cking amazing xD can't wait for seeing them again ? listen to there songs all day long 
@GravyFloid  that sounds like a great day 
The house is clean and now I can get back to surfing!  I hope everyone is having a great day.  
@riversideboy lol i told u, ur no. 1 in my eyes and will always get my milestone tweets  yeh i hada gd day but got sunbrun on one arm only
On the way to ihop LOL text it and it is such a nice day out 
still drunk from last night, even tho i puked. now im on my way to sedona for the day 
another busy, happy day of cleaning and creating!  
rise n shine everyone, its a new day 
Resting has gone well because I don't feel bad while lying down  going to have to force the food issue. I don't think I've eaten yet 2day
earth day w/my panda bwears 
okies laters all. Going off line for the rest of the day. 
Home from church, had to vacuum up millions of flying ants...highlight of the day!  That's what I did with my hands this afternoon. 
In the park reading my kindle on this lovely day. 
I love Sundays. So many possibilities . I think I am going to watch moviesall day 
My night was a lot better then my day 
Pants monday again never a good thing and my first 5 day week for a while oh well only 10 working days until my big gay day 
@CaptainKazz  god I love your crimping. I'm pretty sure you would win in a crimp-off any day 
@clocsen thanks.. will see through the day what happens.. 
going to bed......long day but fun 
#itsc09 day 1 drawing to a close - beer upon a boat awaits 
@ M.A.D, the conclusion for 2day is that ppl will pay &amp; spend despite current outlook. As long as there is value and service is there. 
Hot day with cool people! 
@mezzle Undisturbed 8 hour sleep. And not waking up with hangover == good premise for the day 
That I am a sandwich short of a picnic, in fact I know they will! Hope everyone has a lovely day 
is up and about to start my day, so see you all later! 
got a sever sickness last day,and lay on bed all day ,but miraclly,i'm ok now 
Is waiting for daddy to ome and do some more deorating on this lovely sunny day!!! then its shopping time this afternoon 
@sujokat snap! your day sounds like mine 
Crossing the bridge day.  good times. 
going now bye guys have a niice day 
reading an email that really made my day. This is why I write novellas 
@paulpuddifoot grass needs cutting.lol  how are you on this fine day?
@LeahMansback such a great day! great seeing all of you girls! 
wow on a crazy ride at the top of the day!!!!!!! goodmorning 
1st class of the day cancelled.  happy 
@shift2demax - thanks for following me! I hope you have a fabulous day! 
@dchartier 725 unread e-mails + jet lag + rain means that the first day back from vacation is looking like a 5-cups of coffee kind of day 
had a me day at the spa 
@lovebabz good morning my kind, patient, faithful, attractive, and brilliant friend. you got another day to show off 
Up and out early, conference at 10:30, and then a crazy day 
woke up feeling okay, but hope the day only gets better. 
wants to go out for a drive! It's such a nice day 
good morning twitterveres! let's start the day w/ a smile... even though it hurts! 
Out all day riding on this fine 420, come home and find lots of sales for various items.  what a nice ending to a great day! 
I'm laying in bed just waking up to a wonderful day  nothing i have to do  and the text i'm getting just make the day better &lt;3
loves mondays far more than anyone should  beautiful day.
@phate13 cheers dude - my folks will no doubt be embarrassing at the airport  have a good day too !
Morning everyone, it's already a lovely day at the lab 
I actually do heart @virginactivesa. Makes me feel good every day 
@joliesouris it's working. i don't have 2 re-add u. u need 2 go 2 sleep! i'm so sorry i made u come here. have a great day 2morrow!! 
@depechemode happy release day 
well its nearly the end of the day.. i just love reading all the tweets. everyone i'm following sees to be so excited and happy 
fun day at the mall with blade + shaneeee 
@gfalcone601 : here is raining,at least someone has a sunny day  have fun x
On my way into uni another great day of sunshine  see you soon phil :p
A round of golf, beautiful sunshine, a new haircut, a good workout &amp; a great grieves show - today was a good day! g'night 
@ImajicArt i've become terrified of interacting with people - i now sit in a small dark room all day by my self rocking back and forth! 
@pkimpham Been using it all day. It's what I imagine it would be like to have sex with a piece of software. No lag at all! 
is tired but had a happy day 
Another day, happy to share it with y'all. 
@naxareth huggles for a stressful day!  i still got a long way to go hmpft. **closes eyes in panic**
just got up, its a lovely day..need to finish off a song then go to manchester and buy some clothes to take on tour  x
O happy day!!   Lots to do.. how golden is  that?  
Training for the 3 day will help me join a good cause and loose some inches 
sun shining, listening to awesome music... what better way to start the day! 
@rexthecat  i'm glad..  a few minor stresses but a lovely and busy time.. looking forward to a day to myself tomorrow though.. 
good day!  // blessed vibes! 
@gfalcone601 i hope you have a good day and thank you for responding to my tweet yesterday that was veryy nice of you  you can tweet back.
A new day and its looking good 
Today turned out all right after all. Last day of classes, shopping, and good food. 
@chrismbr thank you! It is, lovely sunny autumn day here   http://bit.ly/PlDEN
and..that's enough pointless updates from me for one day - thank you and good night 
Long day on the location scouting road, fun though 
good night twitter. busy all day tmw! so i needa sleep soon. 
@loulougoddess good morning  well that sounds like fun. Have a great day.
received an email that made my day complete.... hhhhaaaayyyyy.... 
After dad spent all day getting #octia afternoon video into mp4 I am now converting it to m4v, and adding titles 
ready to go to... oh wait @tie is probably reading this too and it's his b-day surprise 
@ComfyPaws me too. Maybe one day it will again bring me comfort. I have to go to bed, nite. 
i got a bbq 2day nice hot day can not wait.  x
woooo! you suck fev! what an awesome day 
Nothing like a day with friends. Now waiting for The Simpsons marathon 
@robgokeemusic I get the concept. I need a day off though. 
rarrrrr shower i feel good now. it's a beautiful day, i am clean and feeling fresh and i'm going riding. it's the simple things 
another day. another set of proofs.  let's hope so.. 
is looking forward to a day of playing on slides with her godson 
Just wanted to say thank y'all for the followfriday recommendations  how's the day guys?
wonders what to do with this day up until I have to go to work. The bicycle is tempting me 
Finally a bit of sun 2day 
.. is on day 3 of her vegan diet .. only four more day's til chocolate!*yaay* 
broke a promise to himself ... thats a way to start your day 
day6 no cigs today is a sunny day so going to mates chill out and most the most of the sun 
@Mmastin i love to read some positive stuff at the beginning of a day, makes the day positive 
Getting ready for yet another crazy day! How did it get like this 
@LaMcI me too. we were just out to do the shopping and for the rest of the day i will relax 
Just watched &quot;the day the earth stood still&quot;. I like aliens  is that weird?
great day for some photo-taking, walking around, doing stuff 
still love the idea of sporking out the eyeballs of men, but today is happy day. I get to see some of my best friends graduate!! 
@MethodDan its a great day, wondering if my wifi connection will stretch to the garden 
What a wonderful day. Beauty and the beast and a night full of love 
flip flops on a rainy day 
ok, time for lunch, think I'll skip working for the rest of the day. 
i could never be a doctor. fact of the day 
is writing again. let's try 2 posts a day.  http://plurk.com/p/rdq8i
off to work  ahh what a way to get the day started!
There's nothing like good jazz on a rainy day 
good morning all  hope everyone has a beautiful day ahead of them!
@StephersG good!(: same here, just having a lazy day really,the weather is very nice too  might go for a walk later if i feel like it lolx
ugh its such a gross day out...but it will get better once i am with my friends 
youth service day! fun party later 
@mattfollowill haha  hope u had a nice lazy day off yesterday and if the rain didn't stop then i hope it was the peaceful kind
'Catch a falling star and put it in your pocket, save it for a rainy day.' 
@mitchelmusso hey mitchel  hope you have a good day m'love 
going for a bike ride ! it is such a nice day out 
good morning y'all...sort of feeling better but I think I'ma stay in bed all day just to make sure 
http://twitpic.com/4ekad - welcome to my 365 day project  i'll be posting one picture a day for it. with different subjects etc. i ma ...
http://twitpic.com/4elc3 - 365 day project! day 1. im kantarli, and gorilla's are my favourite animal 
bout to take a shower &amp; go enjoy this beautiful day 
had an amazing time at madina lake last night  i hoped they liked my teddy bear lol. and woop i'm going watching green day in october! 
@afsoon hope u have a wonderful, productive day! 
ready for a day of rest and studying... not excited.. but have a great day to everyone else! 
hopeing to have a good day with the hunnie  ...hope he wont be bored
Getting ready for the day, its nice out 
spending the day with the familia riding horses and hanging out 
just got back from chalkidiki! awesome day 
@sidewalkangels Sounds like it was a really good day for everyone ! 
about to do a load of laudry and and do chores I didn't have time to to the other day.  will be posting new pic soon.
Going to bed twitterland  everyone whose still up, enjoy the rest of your day. I need my r&amp;r didn't get much this weekend 
@darsky hey, it's been an unforgettable day in sports on your bday!  (despite your Giants taking the fall.)  
good day  fucking starving though, eating now
@Jessicaveronica argh your so lucky, hope that will be me one day 
Off. For the rest of the day yeeepy 
my cousins b-day 2morrow!!!!  happy b-day kaleb
@hot_knives kwl so u aimlessley waiting to save the day! Now to find a damsal in distress! 
@BottomToTheTop Nicoooooooooo, certainly my pleasure!  How's ur day?
So perfect like me was probably the highlight of the day even though they played like 4 songs:/  all in all it was a pretty decent night. 
@darker_artic yeah...maybe one day it will pay off.  have a nice day
i'm going to watch movies for the rest of the day and all night 
@darrinreeves morning. hope you have a great day 
@markloppus mark mark mark. it's 2 in the morning! i'm tired-hyper, you know how i get ;] POOOOOOOP it's hoppus day! yay 
is going to have a good day regardless 
Goodmorning everyone, it is going to be an awesome day today. Its actually warming up here on the eastern seaboard, FINALLY.  
@daveredfly thank you muchly my old friend  winding down from a great evening &amp; prepping for a gr8 day  peace
i wish you a happy #hoppusday and a happy day too 
@EPMorgan god bless the robot! she did well!  have a good day 
@JonathanRKnight I've got to go jump in the shower and start my day.  An last twitpics you'd like to send?   
Also, spent all day re-tagging a small portion of my music collection. 
@EVELORA have a good day, i see you promoting @thisis50 in your pic too 
@JohnhampsonUK it's certainly a day for that kind of relaxation, enjoy 
is enjoying her simple calm day. 
I think a good walk is in order, it's such a nice day here 
@icantremember Having an awesome day? You should... I expect as much out of you  #awesomeupdater
@Mrsdaughtry accomplishment 4 2day, getting everyone ready 4 church.  small thing, but good 4 this house. 
@Jchawes One day well have to get you on our show friend. 
@womanistmusings You know what, that's true. I have to be off to bed anyway! You have a nice day 
@giantMidget27 It's all good!  looking foward to go out, the day is beautiful ;)
@christinahulme haha okay! byeeee, have a nice day!  x
@DaddyPOV - my pleasure   ... enjoy your rainy day... I love 'em myself.
Playing some golf and then some bowling. what an awesome day ahead  or a disaster waiting to happen.
@sandrajapandra it was just a good day- I used successful more for alliteration than any true success. 
up and ready to start the beautiful day~ going to the wave for b-fast! 
time ti start the day... lots to do and dinner with friends this evening 
perfect day to go out and get a tan 
loves this day  http://plurk.com/p/rkfs6
@Chowee03 there are plenty more fish in the sea - trust me                                     I &lt;3 your songs of the day 
in baton rouge at travel league  its going to be a loooong day
first nice day in about two weeks...what to do???? i'm beside my w/ possibilities 
its so sunny out....love it. wowi have the entire day off 
had an amazing day watching the hollyoaks match, met some of the guys  newt is so hot ;)
what an awesome day 
Is so tired! But thank you rebecca  listening to you last night made my whole day 
hope everyone is enjoying this beautiful day 
@joesephjonas ugh the day the show premiers..is the day my satelite dish stops working!!!!!!! ugh can u sennd me a tape lol 
looking forward to a bright spot in an otherwise dreary day 
Yay for a fun filled rainy day at bamboozle 
Having a lazy day - all is good 
if I would have known that the blue pages were going to see wolverine I would have stayed another day 
Last part of the day will include relaxing on the couch...and watching my guilty pleasure...reality TV! 
@aatorres - Yes, but it's more like attempting to golf at this point!  I'm out of practice, but my dad golfs every day &amp; can reteach me 
@villadesign I like it! It's in the alternates now, and I'll probably rotate everything around in a day or so. 
@prosperitygal I am doing these steps to success just 6mins a day http://tinyurl.com/c49kbf 
@rheenabettes  i leave mother's day... well night. lol. but i'm done with school in 3 days.  &amp; don't think about the rest of your life.
Preparing for another day of back-to-back-to-back interviews 
@DSCarey tell me that didn't make your day happier though  &lt;3
done with my looooong day. now i get to rest 
I work in my underwear - thinking of getting a different color for each day of the week - who knows, maybe even patterns someday. 
I just realized I have been reading the vast majority of the day. I have finished one book and halfway through another. I have no life. 
@jvallebo21 you know one day we'll be doing this same thing but as celebrities 
lets begin our day withhh smileeeee 
relaxin after a busy day 
@KaleidoscopEyez tomorrow, I'm going to bed! I have the day off so I think it will be a knit-coffee-a-thon with some cleaning thrown in. 
@richardbarley happy star wars day 
@Miscellt It says &quot;1 vote per valid email address per day&quot; - I could vote about 15 times according to that, but once a day is good. 
@fatlaces hmm let's try for 1lb for each day but i could settle for 2 
@JenniSPAZ sleep well!!! i hope your day gets better 
half way through the day 
My favorite makeup artist made my day 
It is an hour into the first day of my new life. I am excited for the changes i am going to make. 
what a loooong but awesome day 
@DunkingDesi imagine you have a 7days working week and you apreciate every free second  btw the weather 2day xpresses my mood pretty good.
Or it will just be fuzzy ~frownage~ ~collects up some of your stardust &amp; puts it in my pocket for a rainy day~ 
nothing much ... just enjoying the day with the kids 
@sharonhayes My personal mission for 2009: see how many people a day I can share a smile with  &lt; 
@StephenMullen  happy star wars day to you to. :/
@IMBASE chicken pizza day dreams 
so, its no longer the day of my birth. and i kinda miss it..this weekend was fan-fucking-tastic 
endless streams of tea~~~~... it's a holiday day here... how do I know? it's raining 
...love and wanted to share with my followers. feeling inspirational. ive had a long day. 
may the fourth be with you! happy star wars day 
@tommcfly hope you have a nice relaxing day!!! hope your well  wishing you all the best 
@sketch678 happy star wars day to you 
may the fourth be with you  happy star wars day.
@staceeeeee goodnight Cuppycake  hope you have a good day and don't feel so blah!  XxOo
@JohannaBD so I've organised a day of indulgence &amp; luxury for her. A pamper day  fingers crossed she likes the surprise..
Actually a great start to the day, hope it continues  getting my new american oversized bed in the evening!
@jaderoberts91 morning. hope its a good day despite the revising 
Few Bevvies 2day in twn..great on a day off!! 
@jaezors my b day is on may 13 but my party is on this sat  come you gays 
@woodsciman ahh but sometimes that's the best kind of day, lazing around doing very little with a cuppa 
And happy star wars day 
hope this day will be nice as the sun that are upon us 
another lazy day i supposee 
good morning tweetie world.  have a great day, everyone.
happy star wars day 
happy star wars day 
@phoebealice_x i was listening to that earlier  and the other day, i was planning something with my friends and i said that. they were ...
ah what a lovely day for a bike ride and cake making  *is rooting 4 those who are revising!* do your best! X
coffee and gym... starting the day off right!! 
finally off  now the day starts 2 be nice...maybe with a nice ending ;)
In pain from earlier gym session - a necessary evil after too much beer this past year  
@dannywood ...hey danny .. did u run already ???    hope you have a good day ;)   i love you !!!!
@davidspruell i always have a good day! i make it good all the time but you make it better w/ ur morning greetings!! thank you!! 
@ArmyGal1 have a good day girl, ill call you later 
@lulurocks3 That is messed up. I hope your day gets better.  
@DavidArchie Shoping till you drop david..haha..enjoy your day 
@mmurray Hearing that my songs brighten someone's day always makes ME grin. 
lay by the pool and take a nap. my agenda for the day 
i am promsing miiself im not goin to hurt miiself for the rest of the day...wow that will be a miricle if it happens  lol
winding down, love having a low key day. 
@KeepinUpWKris hope you have a great day tomorrow!!  happy mothers day!  let us know what you did 
@BabyPatches I had a very good day - lots of stretching and sleeping in the sun 
@wesdunn haha no kidding... I listen to them all day long bud 
had a awesome day! 
After sleeping in  the rest of the day was busy. however, I got to spend the last of it with my favorite babysittee (the kids are great!).
I sewed my shirt  and I fail at screaming v_v but I had a quesadilla!  Quesadiaas are bombbb &lt;3 I will try and scream another day! :]
listing to music while putting the finishing touches on my mothers day present and the cool part is it didn't cost my a thing 
had a fun day at the theatre... glad to be back in town for a while 
my legs are soft  watching a move with my mommm short day @ workk
the day after.... I`m not sick but a little tierd...a bit to much to drink, but I had fun! 
mum's day - ended up being happy  not that it's my day or anything....
happy superwomans day ! 
finding out a song you had no idea was a cover is actually indeed that .... and then thinking that that is awesome makes my day. 
Enjoying the happiness of this special day. Another day that I can make the best one of my life 
happy momies day! 
Dance this morning before getting new headshots taken.  loooong but fun day ahead 
@smartiej Sounds lovely, hope you have a great day 
had an okay day. but hanging out with brianna and saelina was good 
@theaidenash hey hunny bunny, what's a weekend? is that like a day off or something? 
happy mommys day! 
@kathyIreland super stressful day &amp; can't sleep...glad I found you your so sweet to take the time to make strangers feel good.  
happy mother's day  &amp; later on i can't wait to see @que_day26 in concert. lol. well ima see all of day 26 but i like him the most ;D
Getting ready to go study outside while having some fun in such a nice sunny day. 
happy momies day  http://bit.ly/Skqli
a surprisingly good day, now its time to sleep. hopefully sweet dreams await me 
I feel rather cheery, despite being stuck indoors all day revising 
happy maders day 
@exhilarating haha, not always, just a 2-day-trip, for a friend. But I've been here some times. That's why I know basic Japanese 
@shonali I think the lesson of the day is not to have luggage 
@catiams no i wasn't! i only removed his red eyes. hehe (: wohoo. bullocks- now you can have it on all day long! haha 
today is a happy day! spend time with best fwens and my crush. 
just had a shower, had a long day, been at rehearsals all day, get to skip a bit of school tomorrow which is good 
@helga_hansen @bryantma It really is a stunning clock! One day I may have space to rebuild a collection 
@DHughesy i think iv had four before in one day. i was jumping of the walls after that trust me. hahha 
happy mother'z day to all the mommiez  &lt;3
happy mommys day 
@DebbieFletcher happy mother's day!  hope you're well xx
happy mommys day 
Having a chillaxing day!!  x
@loubeejones mmm i hope so  where abouts did you meet them?  my plan is next time they do a gig i'll hang outside starbucks all day haha
@Suefromque Aww you're welcome, hope you're having a lovely day 
@jimmycarr  That joke made my day 
@DarlaFrantz the manual would need to be rewritten every other day in order to keep up with our kids 
@tantamani your welcome  and I'm pretty sure mother's day is celebrated on the same day all over the world
@shaunmichaelb prodigious and you? its such a nice day, the birds are singing , the sun is shining ... nice 
@AmberM76 have an awesome day 
@Gailporter hope u are having a lovley day 
another day in the sun  takin the boat out 2day...i wish i could find a jet ski!
Gorgeous day! Where did all the humidity go? 
Catching up with friends is always a nice thing  I must shower and start my day. I slept until 10:00, and it was heaven 
@billcarroll hi. i love bike riding too. no race, no too far, just fun in sunny day 
@aec1982 hope u have a good day 
@Jackyah333 Ah man that does sound like a perfect day 
@surfingcowboy4u hope u have a good day 
playing in the city on this beautiful amazing day 
@Jamiebower hope you're having a great day &amp; enjoyed the man u match! 
real sleepy 2day 4 no reason...although the sun is shining so that always makes me feel better 
@Bookgirl96 definitely! its your day....go spoil yourself. 
happy mommys day 
happy moyher's day! 
I am so happy right now  mothers day brunch with ALL of my favorite people 
spending the day with the fam 
good chill day...perfect 
@MeredithGould The audience is pretty clear.. I think   We need 20,000 ft guidance, content suggestions,  day 2 day mgmt
@dudeman718 So happy to see you!  How has your day been?
@hellokittylei well I was trying to check up on you all day yesterday and never got a response soooo . . . . STRAAAANGER!!! Lol miss you 
@KeepEmCookin spend a very wonderful day out at the lake with my other half  that's what i'm gonna do when i get off bed rest.
eating a salad under the green light in my black decor room. i love it when it's just me here sometimes. today was a good day.   
thinking that its time to get in touch with my christian side a little bit more. today was a good day 
@Suzyqbee10 the blog was one of the BEST part of my day! Definitely a happy ending to a stress/ex filled day!!! 
it was a beautiful day! and a great race.  and my boo tucked me in on the couch with monkey so that my eyes could recover from pollen 
getting ready to shut it down - had busy day with sons.  great moms day!!! hope everybody's day went well. twit it up tomorrow 
@DonnieWahlberg u always come in to save the day! ;) MOST of us know u will do all u can to make those dates up!  things happen!
another day, another drama...kidding ;) had amazing assistants and models yesterday, and a great day altogether. thank you so much, guys 
@DevineNews Christine, you have a mean pitch there.   Ah, don't quit your day job.
There's nothing like a great kiss to brighten your day  (via #zenjar )
beautiful day  tireddd. it's time to turn in tweeeters. hope everyone had an amazing day. and Always go after your wonders. goodnight 
TIRED...had a long day of doing nothing!! Its hard being me 
It has been a crazy productive day. Feels very good 
Amazing day  goodnight world.
Having breakfast now... The best way to start your day!! 
@berryunique77 I want hell on wheels... lol they were showing grease all day. 
@evil_stu And what a lovely day it was - happy anniversary! 
i swear mane, twitter is dead today...wussup with y'all 2day? any other day, i'd be amused as hell!! guess its time to get some shut eye 
@oldfox004 have a great day dear 
@DavidArchie sounds like you really had a busy day, are you now taking a rest? 
Anyone covering virtual meeting day - I have a client with exciting things to say 
@andylim I know it's not really fast food, but would prefer one like this any day!   http://bit.ly/fdPgc
Is tired.kind of fatigued,and drained.need a duvet day 
i love it when i get so many default judgments granted  it really makes my day 
@alroker goodmorning al!...have a great day 
#whyitweet because i love to make myself full of self importance.....not really i've got nothing else to do with my day 
Today is me and my girls two month day, feels like way fuckin longer, but the good longer, I have known her for two years 
on my way to get coffee...hanging with the fam most of the day 
@BarbaraDuke thanx for morning inspiration, great way to start the day 
Bliney, a proper manic day! But I know every thing will be rosy when I get home 
perfect day 
the shoot is finished and it's a little sad but I'm really enjoying my day off 
http://twitpic.com/55b7g - The guy at GustaPizza made my day  How sweet!
@MarkRosenbauer only things that make this type of day better is music or movies 
sunny day. wonder how warm there is.. 
Long day in school today, so tiring, the guitar sure cranked it up a notch 
@antlea enjoy a wonderful day! 
@ryansporn Nothing can be wrong with my day after I wakeup to that 
spent the day hanging out with riguer, rem lexis. bunch of hilarious people 
nice day..... 
My day has sucked so far, but im sure it'll get better quick 
good morning my little sunshines. the weather seems to hold high hopes. have a wonderful day. 
Another day another dirty diaper 
A French breakfast is the best way to start your day 
@gmcfen Cheeers to a dull day girl.. hoping for one here also. 
Hoping today goes by fast!  So far so good, rest of the day I have easy classes  lunch chorus spanish and mathhhh
@karlkovacs It is a really good way to start the day if you accepted the offer!!! 
@keremgogus thanks a bunch and tons  enjoy your day!
crazy day...got some saddle shoes   watched and played w/ my niece all day  took lots of photographs   ...good day...
long day but very funny  sleep time! go to bed good night
About to go to bed...had a great day ...only 27 days left before i meet the joy of my life 
been on my feet the entire day.. it was nice seeeing everyone tonight 
good day everyone 
Watching how to loose a guy in ten day 
had a wonderful day of positively nothingness. ah. god bless the summer 
Doing laundry and checking emails after a long day of stardom. 
i just relized that green day has a very cute lead singer. i need to get the poster from under my bed and put it up again 
wish you a nice relaxing day 
Having fun with my buds!  smile for its a happy day
had an amazing day with justice!  now i'm exhausted..but i must upload photos before crashing!
busy day but I'm verrry happy right now and having a great time!  hanging out with britt always cheers me up!
@GeekMommy whhhaaattt? green day has been around for awhile...they're still pretty good! 
@JazOnVinyl wish I was there. I haven't talked to nick all day. And I miss you!  I'd bring you more paint pens definitely 
its a fun day although tiring.  I'll make kwento tomorrow on my blog.
Now heading to the running event  nice day so far :p
@Arbyjean88 okay! Not planning anything but to hang with you that day! 
another rainy day had a shower and i'll be off to church in an hour and half then to a good good dinner 
@MacGuffen I'll be announcing the winner in a day or two after due consideration 
@miss_smidge A day off, then another hangover after #edtweetup? 
lying in bed, watching racing all day-lazy day   aboulutely chucking it down on the outside!
hates keep automatically waking up but its a great day!! 
is planning a lovely lazy day on the sofa with some dvds and the rain on my window 
is thinking a bass day is in order. 
it's a dressing gown day. i feel cornflakes coming on. might get some writing done today  paramore inspired me.
Yay nice day still in bed  how
painting my nails at the moment, going to celebrate dad's b-day 
having a lazy day in bed 
@Shinybiscuit next to my 1 day as a potter and shelf stacker. yeys 
finished 95% of maths assignment  and studied. woo, what a productive day. boring but, productive
bored, tired and going to have a day of rest 
@biyanbiyan yepsyeps haha but i wont listen to their music for a day(s) but it isnt @WeAreTheUsed 's fault. 
@DavidArchie you know what? i'll never get bored of your songs..  i listen to then every day. talk about obsessing! haha.
@hbailie it was fun to do  it was good to have wireless, getting to know my macbook a little, bad timing two great sessions on same day
@lamborghinibow hey hows it goin, have a awesome day 
@performeradams No, a lazy day really. Just pottering and round to my sisters later for tea and wine perhaps 
It was nice seeing everybody the other day. 
Such a lovely rainy / stormy / wet / dark day.. just the way I like it. Now all I need is some company and it'd be a perfect date outside 
Havng a lazy day  x
good hair day   bad blush day :\   off to church! 
spa day with the ladies  bring on the mamosas!
Its a new day, smile 
@kiravonsutra i dont want to eat anymore. but a smoothie sounds good.   u still gettin ink 2day?
Playing with iGGA, first day I picked her without her hissing at me 
@rtzinski It was heavenly!  Another gorgeous day today, plan on reading out on the back deck in the shade 
Getting ready to go out and shoot the final 3 scenes of our promo materials for http://www.thehumanresistance.com Today's a milestone day 
todaay was an amazing day  althought I had to learn history
glad green day haven't changed much  haven't had a chance to listen to the album yet..
Having a duvet day, watching mistresses, a little tennis and enjoying some good food 
awesomely inspirational day in church today except for the part where i led the team on a crash course during o praise him...sorry guys. 
Lonnggg day ahead of me. Bout to hop in the shower &amp;&amp; get things goin 
@louiseyfxce   my favorite group is green day \m/
After prom was great.  A day of rest and now another day of rest.  Thanks for the rain. 
@Sharastrand a hot shower and some napping always does the trick for me to relax anytime of the day..hope this helps 
is taking the whole day to do absolutely nothing 
@dannycallus no! come back to uni  @xmuncallus unproductive day... you should have come to softball instead @bahsheep WOW vectors? pxxx
@Grooveecar yay. glad you've had a good day 
@MirandaBuzz happy b-day mirr mirr  add me please !!
What a beautiful day! Looks like the sun has decided to finally make an appearance 
windy day outside.. nice though.. no blackflies -- too cold for them 
Hellllllo golf for the rest of the day 
food mall tan  productive day
is such an awesome day :p 
waiting for another fun day with the gays  just woke up... about to get ready
had a very good day ...seen some weird things tho.....but overall it was a sick day 
calling all peeeps  please go follow @jaytee312- he follows back, and he is new to twitter;  gives awesome quotes of the day &amp; topics
Loving this lazy day 
i am in love with green day's new album. it's simply fantastic 
@mjayliebs haha yeah, one day i'll overcome my sissy arms 
i'm so tuckered out from todays activities  really fun. I like a mid day nap is in order 
On my way home now after my day out and going back on my u.s hunter  job today is get to level 15 (level 11 at the moment)
@theofficalsofia cool, have a great day 
having a fun day 
nice day for a run this morning... now getting ready for the WINGS!  
How to live like a millionaire for a day! http://bit.ly/T6LQm  
it's a great day to be productive in the most fun ways.  like giving princess a bath.
excited that this summer i will have an excuse to wear my eye shadow almost every single day!  
had a fabulous shopping day with mammy 
@mango001 sounds good.  Thanks &amp; have a great day!  
outside writing a psychology paper and listening to relient k.. what a beautiful day 
My three hot (literally) words of the day: taking a shower! 
Enjoying the sweet smell of the rain and a day to relax with my family 
@MsAlexander @stevepohlit I am grateful to you both for the kind acknowledgment.  You made my day!  
@aliciac that sounds like a fantastic day 
@CatherineCarter sorry cath, you get one per day til i run out (i have hundreds) tbh i'm not really sorry though 
Enjoying the day with my ever beautiful tely.. 
Going to bed after a long day in the lake, love boats 
It's been a pretty darn good day.  
another day at the river, best place ever  cant wait to get my new dirtbike!
@SaraHDanger YAY  i cant wait  its going to be fun! All my friends with me on my special day! Lol it sounds like i wedding
great start to the day, an hour early, blurry eyes, crappy throat, aching back. I am a fine physical specimen currently 
what a beautiful way to end a day  had a good time. minus the earthquake!
Only a couple of days @eubankse and tomorrow will be just fine, a day of positive information that will help everything 
now the day is gone and my tea is on, time to read angels and demons almost finished and I quite enjoy it! 
@ILuVMikey  im fine! just checking on you..lol how'd the meeting go the other day?
getting ready to hit the sack.... doing nearly nothing all day can wear a gal out! 
I had a positive, productive day. Feels good. 
@imjstsayin I am thank you  how has your day been ?
@HotDogJake I think I'll on that offer lol. I watched it with her the other day. It's your turn 
One day hopefully everyone will mold their selves to please me 
Best day ever! Thanks for the party everyone 
day much much  better than yesterday, even ear hurts less. bunch of meetings, so movement is good. crazyness good too, projects rolling 
Haha @frazzleyeah, i stayed up most the night watching wwe judgement day on pay per view 
@Jackhoar24 hope you have good day jack 
@JEJB you should bring him into the office some day and have him add cheer. 
@bjh34 how fab, i love hoildays. better get to work now catchya late have a good day.. 
@jeserafica me too! lets brainstorm some day! and pick our cast! 
is playing green day as loud as it will go 
perfect day 
My first day of my intership starts next week ahhhhhh 
good start to the day - bit of dashboard confessional and the shower was abnormally hot 
Doing the things, I have to get done, before the day ends 
going to have breakfast and get wee one ready for nursery hope you all have a nice day 
market breaks 20% circuits, closes for the day ... damn it 
3 meetings done...and its only half the day  get a breather to chew on all the info we got
I'm just on break  my 14 day volvic challenge is still goin strong 
@stephenfry I just wanted to say I think you're an awesome character - well, based on TV at least  have a nice day!
@Rainbowcolours_ Ok have a nice day speak later 
@cookiemonster82: good.  hope your day is going good
Wishing everyone a great day and a grand week ahead. 
@thegeekchic wow. You're much worse off than I am. I only have a 70lb monster, and she usually only eats once a day. I might luck out. 
@NKANGEL74 hope u have a great day too! 
@gavlp Not a good start to the day,  it's not easy running a household with kids!!! Have a good day and use to the downtime to recharge. 
http://twitpic.com/5f4kw - starting the day in a healthy way  I foresee a day of process relates stuff 
graduation day has finally arrived  off to take this walk across the big stage...::singing:: It's been a looooong time coming!!
@wizely lol, calm down.  i got a 30day loan offer for only 1500% 
is having a singing and dancing around the flat in your underwear day! 
is going to do nothing all day until her gym induction later 
qoodmornin everybody  have a qood day
@oldcliche happy birthday!! idr what I made you last year but I can make you some icons whenever  hope you have a good day!!
is having a lazy day 
have a good day everyone 
What a marvelous day! it is raining but th sun beaming from my lovely face 
staff breakfast  then orientation stuff all day
@vampirefreak101 good luck for the competition!! i hope you win! a day on the set, now that would be awesome!! 
@annelisew sounds like a rough day!! 
nice, hot day 
homework monster has been kept at bay for another day, time for a cup of tea and bed 
Morning all, its the start of a new day. Today I train quads, another day that puts me on step closer to having the body I want!   
nervous but excited for the first day of my big girl job 
@human_beans Thanks! I hope we all have a great day.  
@elyxxe when you become a judge one day, you'll get tools bowing at you 
I'm having an abolute field day chaning the back ground colours!! This tweeting molarky is fun...happy days!! 
thinks we really need to move to a 3 day weekend and a 4 day work week. The extra day off makes a huge difference.  
Another day watching the sun come up. And still no complaints 
On my way  to work....have a good day people 
@TMankin i wish i had interest in pursuing the off field so i could wear scrubs to work every day! 
@katiehoover its alright..one day i wont 
back to the grind, have a fantastic day everyone 
Walking with the dog on this sunny day, life is great 
morning twits! beautiful day going for a run 
wants the sunshine to sneak out....it's planting flowers day 
What a beautiful day! Isn't everything always better when the sun's out? 
morning everyone!  have a fantastic day!!! 
I love when it rains so hard but its so peaceful and you have nothing else to do but sleep all day 
had my last day working together with my colleage before she leaves us.. lucky her 
heroes-a-thon all day.. 
@nulloperations I'm more mercenary -- and less poetic -- about it. The day gigs pay the bills. 
having a great day so far. the sun is out and breakie with my bestest was a great start 
Getting started on the day... We are going to find out exactly what it is that reaches peoples............ checkbook 
nice &amp; quiet in office 2day 
Today's the day I get stuff done...say a prayer 
Generally annoyed 2day and there's no good reason. I don't like when I feel this way...On a positive note I'm eating tomato soup 4 lunch 
what...a....nice...day. It will be a calm, happy one 
51 day till sway sway !!!!!! wooo ready for my second best day of my life . second after the princess ball! 
Just one more day at the coal face, and then I can have a nice long weekend to myself... building websites for the family 
let get ready... still a lot to do before we go ~ wedding day!! 
Last day of college before the half term! 
He'll brighten your day, come watch!  http://www.blogtv.com/People/KayFizzleDizzle
@JoshBerry26 Lol, your welcome! You are such an amazing video maker, i hope one day to be as good as you 
If you spent $3-$5 a day to feel better would you? I did and I am so glad I made that choice. Just amazing  http://bit.ly/3XXpdc
It really made my day when, because I was carrying a heavy load of washing, two boys went out of their way to open the door for me 
A refreshing day  Just eat,play and listen to music 
good first day at the new gym..time for a refreshing shower.. 
@bskeete87 i been on it all day...crazy!!! 
this is going to be a great day; singing lesson, studying, dancing, watching a movie 
@thecrazyjogger what a great way to start your day 
@jradc  think i might leave the automated phone stuff for another day 
@richardpbacon #1 I'm Irish so drinking at any hour of the day is pretty much accepted, #2 there is no such thing as &quot;time&quot; in airport 
Right....lets get to it....another day, another 24 hours to get through.... onwards and upwards!!! 
nice day 
Nothing like a nice shower to brighten an otherwise dull day! 
had a spectacular day...but i thought this moment would never come, ahh...sleep 
@JonRowe Was supposed to just have the afternoon off, started early and realised nothing that I could do so took the whole day off. 
back home.  had a fun day with friends.  how's your day? 
@Butterflyshoes can't think of anything to say that wouldn't get me a slap. So I wil just wish you and your friends a comfortable day 
its a lovely sunny day, so I'm working with the back door open and the sun streaming in 
@kristoforlawson Haha know the feeling. I walked 20km the other day and it killed that night.. was fine the next day though 
another day.. another exam.. only difference is that this one went well.. 
@dbdc good man for going to the gym at that ungodly hour &amp; for giving me the day off 
In one day 25 design thinkers became a WENOVSKI member. Not bad   join us at http://wenovski.ning.com
get your sunnies out guys its such a lovely day hope your all having good days so far 
glad to survive day 1! 
@nlupus I'm great, day off, time to catch up on things and no routine.  what about you? #followfriday
Ahhh enjoying a nice relaxing day 
Checking my daily horoscope on http://bit.ly/Ofxzs I'll have a great day 
Morning everyone. Today is graduation #2!!! ugh, it's going to be such a wonderful day, I feel it! 
@craigeryowens fuck  that just made my day a whole lot better
swim workout and a run with my friends, then enjoy the rest of the day---may it be drama-free! 
http://bit.ly/r052O  having casual day lol 
I think it was one of those nights where I woke up having no idea what day it was. What a delight to found out the answer 
Offf to la escula, ahh hope this day goes by fast 
@twta hope you guys come to singapore one day  you all are awesome !
@dazjones Depends on how you look at it.. it's only 8am here so you have the whole day ahead of you 
@china_doll26 can't pass a day without listening to music, right? 
The sun is beginning to illuminate the sky and I can see things again. This is my favorite time of day.  
Donuts and an iced capp from timmies = perfect way to start off the day 
@poynterlubz forget #downtoearthness 2day....its all about #votemcfly  lets go!!!!!
last day of babysitting...what a crazy busy week. 
I've thinking of ending each day with a new wish. 
good morning!  hope everyone's day is starting nicely! 
day is full of twist and turns...heading towards happy ending 
Morning! - awesome day ahead 
@JJshelton2000 It is the BEST way to start off the day....it's peaceful, quiet and beautiful!  
Last get up and go day before a nice looong weekend. Here's wishing you gobbs of sunshine. 
crampity cramp cramp crampy.... but it is friday... and i have a three day weekend! 
We woke up to new followers! A great way to start the day. 
as usual 30 rock saves the day  i heart you tina fey!!!!!!
Everybody's smiling....sunshine day 
http://twitpic.com/5osux - Making an american flag banner for memorial day! 
@damoneseven good morning, have an awesome day 
@geleenxx haha I was to!!!! Haha he is soo funny lol  how come you were away 2day
smiling because @paparoach has made my day  thanks guys!
@PrincessSuperC I really appreciate that info. Just made my day 
its going to be a great day! things are finally starting to look up 
ready to have a wonderful day  going to folly beach, job interview, then the sunset serenade #piccolospoleto
@jameszabiela your missing some great weather here. I've been hitting the coffee shop in town almost every day 
starting my day off early.. going to the pool for a little while then working later 
moving day here at the day job-my packing's all done, just working until quittin' time in two hours. 
@loufeb are u a pilot? really? I really hope to some day take it up..literally 
Still jobless. So I am tanning and then most likely doing nothing all day 
yay had a fun day with manda @amandasunly  shopping makes my day. is it sad that i truly understand retail therapy now only when im busy?
is having a game face day.... 
@Luvschweetheart I'd just leave them closed durring the hottest part of the day, then open em up in the evening 
@stephensurefire i find that more coffee is often the remedy to boring calls.  hope you have a great day!
@maxlagos well then double yay for you - best way I can think to start the day!! 
going out to soak up the beautiful day. out with cammykins and devy later. love you a.s. always thinking of you 
@Natashamin it's such a nice day to go shopping!! i'm jealous!! enjoy 
off to get in the shower, got my whole day planned out I think.. ttys... 
@tommcfly happy hug's day!!  
such a long day but happy all went well 
I can't wait till the day I get all big and important and #followfriday 'd  @  panera as soon as @ptinsley left the sales people left lol
If you spent $3-$5 a day to feel better would you? I did and I am so glad I made that choice. Just amazing  http://bit.ly/3XXpdc
best day honey..love you 
back from the track! getting ready for this week in baltimore and viriginia  happy memorial day!
happy b-day @thebrandicyrus! 
Hey everyone hope all is well... I am off to take a nice relaxing bubble bath after a long day at class 
@SaraBOSSY I'm superb - thank you for asking - hot day but made a nice chunk of coin.   You?
What a long, tiring, fun day 
going to sleep &amp; ready for a new day  ......in life you never know who you might just run into! ;) good night twits
another day working. awesome visit from my boss. 
Peace outtt tweeps! Goooooooood day 
@hiannie you're welcome and glad to have made your day, made mine by saying that 
i'll make this painless, try to be sweet. i can break your heart any day of the week. 
goodnight tweethearts!!!! great day  i should probably be more aware of the fact that andrew is deaf next time i choose where we sit..
had a great day  hiking in the city with my love bug 
A sunny cloudless day - great! 
@Shawee23 fully awake now..hehe  wish you have a wonderful day..happy always
Today is the first day of the rest of my life  ... or was that last week ?!  hmmm
had a great day at six flags! no lines 
@bkim202 hope u had a cool day 
long time no tweet... Finally feels like i've accomplished something and did great on my test  optimistic day.
lots of random things to do today - thankful for a day off 
@KatieRFC whatever you know you can notr resist me  i seen you eyeing me up 2day
is relaxin n happy i saw my mini me 2day 
@PaulaMaeTaylor Haha, I don't think half of the people know it does it automatically... every day... of life. 
at ladies oaks day having a blast 
We follow you, You follow us back, That way we all learn more every day! 
@PierreBeachbody   I make more mistakes than most...but the makeover just made my day! 
Today is the last day of school. Would like to go to bed again...anyway hope you've great day  xoxoxo
@whicker My day was okay and busy as usual 
So sweet of you to think of me (well facebook reminder did the job) and sending me a short note to share my getting-older-but-wiser day  P
@glutenfreegirl I'm still up for lessons and advice one day... 
@kariiinaa okay. i'll try to go on that day! 
@FRin323 none of that!! I can't wait!!!  so when the big day???
@jasonoliver i did the half. and i did run the next day, like a weird addict, but not since then. i guess that's pretty typical 
@emo_zaboo aw thankyou  you have a good day too x
Wishing everyone a good night (or good day)!!!   
another day begins.. it looks fabulous outside, shame I have to go to work 
@redwoodred That's awesome!! What a great day 
Oh gosh i'm so sleepy today!!! And also for some reason quite hungry.  I can't wait till lunch!   How's your hump day going?
pay day. in 8 hrs, that check will be in my hands. yessss. on that note, good nite 
had a rather adventurous day... thank you stevie... 
wow what a day.... so slow but got my house in order.....have a good night peoples 
@meghanbomboy have an awesome day. 
&quot;Every relationship has at least one really good day...That's the day you remember. You get old and think:well, at least I had that day.&quot; 
this is going to be a day full of semantic technologies  - visiting my friends at Synergiums http://bit.ly/3fCM2R
@blind_baseball have a great day 
tired from a long day of fun 
@SarahMag80 I dont think I should answer that lol. horrible night - hope you  have a great day and fill the mag for the next quarter 
goooood day, sleeepy time!!! 
@Loveroar im meant to have a couple things on that day, but will defo let u kno mate. 
@felicityfuller am grand thanks, lovely day to be outside  hope u are havin good morn
@perkana Pleasure hope you enjoy your special day. 
@becca_darling @fluffyvulture appreciate ... thought ... but ... vaguely unsettling... ---soaring, thinking about your day! good dreams! 
Nothing like waking up to happy thoughts and looking forward to the day turning out to be great  good morning one and all!
another sunny day? thank you mother nature. 
@sneaketh I'm hoping and wishing you enjoy a final cracker of day at college  and make some more amazing memories to take away with you 
@Swedish_em I hope the day goes well  and you have a amazing graduation
What an amazing day summer is hopefully on its way 
On to my big goal of the day: helping the painter painting the kitchen with distracting conversations 
it's another great day in italy! headed out to see some stuff 
follow fridays are done and dusted by half 8, the sign of a productive day ahead? i'm off for some breakfast 
lovely sunny day today, had my breakfast and just getting in the shower! looking forward to meeting hubby later for tea 
@thecopyninja sounds like a great day so far 
@CARDILAND @nachojohnny told me to follow you so i did. i know it's a shame and i dont care. have a great day! 
Morning all  what a beautiful day! Its days like this that make me wish I'd got a convertible car lol its friday yaaaay!! 
@sineadcochrane tip top and all the better for hearing from you! Just planning my day here. It'll start come coffee time  how's yourself?
@simsslovenija friend, i need to rest myself. going to bed now. talk to your later  have a great day ;D hugs
Looks like it will be a nice day 
What a fantastic day, off to the woods with friends and kids today, last day of half term 
no time for tweeting this morning...another day at the hospital tackling the health issues 
too nice a day to be stuck in the office. Yay for sunny mornings though 
the start of half yearly exams today. weren't bad, but i sense them getting worse :S looking forward to an awesome day tomorroww  all  ...
Loving the sunshine... full day in the office thou 
Morning all  and what a beautiful day it is, torn between designing or going for a nice long walk in the sunshine.
@kathtrinder groan. I can tell it's going to be that kind of day 
@cliver07 I totally agree, each day is the opportunity to unleash our creative powers! 
@FrankieTheSats go get one   otherwise yourll be regretting it the whole day haha 
off to work.. have a wonderful day everybody 
