Most common words for this cluster:
[('day', 814), ('today', 385), ('night', 300), ('time', 261), ('morning', 253), ('tomorrow', 217), ('amp', 169), ('week', 168), ('weekend', 158), ('home', 153), ('way', 122), ('tonight', 121)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'MICHELLE_WIE_Yeah', 0.7234842777252197), (u'%_#F########_7v.jsn', 0.7178195118904114), (u'TONY_STEWART_Yeah', 0.7111704349517822), (u'sanctuary_DellaBianca', 0.7072628736495972), (u'ANDY_RODDICK_Yeah', 0.7033722996711731), (u'MARIA_SHARAPOVA_Uhm', 0.7004954814910889), (u'pioneer_LaLanne', 0.6989341378211975), (u'PRESIDENT_OBAMA_Hello', 0.698577344417572), (u'RAFAEL_NADAL_Yeah', 0.6976383924484253), (u'Samaritan_Lt._Col', 0.6955774426460266)]





@a5hleyf i'm spending time with my grandma early tomorrow and i can't leave skittles by herself. 
i miss being at home for calving season...sad that black one died this morning  wish i had some bottle calves!
I don't like these late start night shifts coupled with it being bloody light outside my window when I'm meant to be going to sleep 
Finished marking can't celebrate yet tho, got to communicate marks &amp; feedback to all those online students, rest of the night gone there 
got an offer to go camping at fraser island for the weekend, would jump on the offer without a 2nd thought but it's forecast to rain 
@meatrack no more sneaky late arvo surfs now man  i feel the late arvo glass off is now a distant memory of summer.
finding it incredibly unfair that mom got more tan than i, even though i spent more time in the sun  miss him like crazy!
bout to take my dog for a walk kinda tired aswell went training this morning 
rainy day.  so bad. (trying to make my hair look great -_-
@lizsong @amyseeley sounds like we all had the same day   here we are in a new one!  let's all cross our fingers.....
just woken up, finally got to sleep last night, alone, on the couch  watching one tree hill eating cheese and crackers!
Ah the sweet sound of chaos that is school holidays, I wish I was fit to work all day and let wifey deal with this..alas it's not to be 
@binxy thanks! i started sniffling like crazy at the gym today  boohoo, but lots of vitamin C should do the trick!
accidentaly overslept   had to drive this morning/stare at the sun.   5 page paper to start and finish in an hour. oh joy.
would have been delighted by this snow a few days ago but.. i just sent my winter coat, hat, gloves, uggs, etc. home with the parents  #fb
aww man, i cough a lot these days and my throat hurts like hell...i might get a doctor check-up 
gaah have to work early tomorrow. grrr couldve spent the day fullfilling my hearts desire by shopping! think of the moneeyy hinnaa 
@bradradke lol at least you're eating something this morning, i couldnt cuz i was rushed out the door to school :@ 
lack of protein for close to a month is reeking havoc on my body. joints ache big time. esp my bum knee. no biking today 
@yogesh_s working tomorrow so couch time!!!  shae....blotch on my friday night career!!! sigh!!! shit happens unless u r constipated!
I just realize I'm gonna lose my car &amp; have to move out of my place in a week. I am not feeling very happy right now. 
going to sleep. long day. and i chipped a fuckin tooth!  night everyone have good dreams
just finished big love... craziness! cant wait for season 4. beautiful day outside! no 16miler today.. sore back 
@MiaSoliz  oh no its raining there   like you said to me yesterday hop on a plane its only 2 hours to here.join me lol
had a fun day with highschool buddies.  But came home to find one goldfish had died.    and I don't know what it died of!
feeling like my life is slipping away from me with each minute spent in this waiting room not being seen and sent on my merry way... 
One more hour of painting and I'm done, for today anyway. I let my mini roller dry out &amp; it's making a right hash of rolling now 
After spending a couple of hours cleaning the car yesterday, a bird decided to take a bathroom break on the front end 
@nlits : Bad news!  the combo tickets are sold out . go 2 web,they still sell single day ticks, let me kno  xx.  http://bit.ly/MNhT6
Ugh, i really better not be getting a soar throat on a glorious day, with my luck i'll be stuck inside and it will be gorgeous out! 
@Chocolatedrop88 kno how to work n e thing  so I jus went bak upstairs n did sit ups but later I played tennis 4 2 hrs, yay me!!
My afternoon plans got cancelled  I must find something to do that will allow me to soak up this awesome sunlight.
Studying, cleaning and grocery shopping, all whilst hungover... what a fun day 
has run out of cigarettes  what to do. stay + study or go for coffee, cigggie + a wee walk? time for fun yet? hmmm its only 6pm,study wins
........*sigh* long distance i fucking hate it.  but on the brighter side,random ass road trip to famu today.then fort valley monday! oboy
@realitylol i came up with an ez mode pull for her. We would have been deeper in last night but we had some healer tech issues 
Seems like something is always breaking around here.  Last week car problems...this week a broken plumbing pipe, so currently no water 
Why is my dad being a pain in neck today? Can someone please take me to a happy place? 
ahh i have only 15 followers  , on a happier note i hear &quot; the sword in the stone&quot; in the back ground playing on the tv
@MsVitch aw   i hope that makes you feel better. im having a pizza &amp; movie night to remedy my mood. ice cream sounds good though.
4.30am home nice #orthodoxEaster great soup and flaounes, my egg lost  now time for bed goodnight all
beach was great, got really burnt   one more day of spring break then back to the hell hole that is school...
@ymib awwww no...especially you w/the baby  hope u all are getting better. Myles and i have been battling sinus stuff all week too.
valeria and tristen. camel crushes. route 44 sweet tea. easy, breezy, beautiful night. the only thing missing is lindsey. boo 
at home, plans fell through like always. And news for everyone, i think i got used last night....and its not a fun thing to feel... 
Despite the fact that the ability to grow a beard makes me feel like a manly man, it's a huge pain in the butt to have to shave every day 
well I set a goal and its past midnight so guess I failed my mission.. 
Headed out with D and friends for some fun! Not staying out crazy late.....working all day tomorrow!  after a mimosa brunch if course!
@MikeyMcFly man, busy day of fun. now just winding down. doing as much as i can to avoid thinking about my PC problem. 
@sunriseon7 yes of course, i love your show only cause i always come watch performers, and eric was on the other day but you didnt tweet 
alright i finally think its time for bed. and dang it i didn't get to read breaking dawn tonight 
@ceraaa I work down at a local pub just like washing dishes and stuff on sat/sunday nights. And yday they tell me i dont work sun no more 
has had just no luck whatsoever with the McDonalds monopoly stickers this week 
wants to stay in oslo, but has to return to the dull netherlands this evening 
a sunday morning trip to the local rubbish tip beckons, but there's already a big queue - bah  http://bit.ly/Evmfh
@missmonnie I just can't be fucked dude. I am exhausted from work this weekend and so much cardio at the gym, I don't feel like cooking 
my fishbone necklace broke from easter islebroke in two in the shower today after work  i am a sad fuzz, i have had that for 6 years 
my fishbone necklace from easter isle broke in two in the shower today after work  i am a sad fuzz, i have had that for 6 years 
is doing lots of moving-house and going-back-to-work style organising today, seems a waste of sunshine 
Strikes me that sparkling wine&amp; bloody mary is not a mix guaranteed to make you feel good in the morning 
@robertbrook You're getting about abit today! I'm going to take myself off to the river for a wander - after dreaded gym 
way too tired &amp; my face hurts  i need a week to be a recluse and not leave the house
puffy eyes after watching let's get lost last night heartbreaking 
The flower on the balcony froze to death last night! Where did the spring go? The sun is shining but its frezzing cold 
got up with a bit of a headache and still a lack of sleep  going to be in bed all day tomorrow!
Up at 6 am, going for a smoke, finish the rest of my gardening, hopin h-town will want to chill soon, twitter is depressing 
thought i had food poisoning...guess not..the rest of the fam is throwing up...lovely. no church today 
is off to sale water park in the sunshine then watch united at the pub..good times! knee hurts 
grrr day 2 of back spasms... no fun 
omg, havent twittered all day. i feel so empty inside.  goodnight. promise to twitter tomorrow during school
party was good last night ^^ rice crispies yeahh. i died of laughter O.o going up winter hill today! should be good. last day of freedom 
3rd day of hiding from everything! wonderin how many more days of this i can keep up til everything falls flat! i need more time to deal! 
went to 6 flags..... got sun burn and blisters on my feed :o ... and parents left this morning 
My phone doesn't fit in my car dock with the new case  hope it's not busy at work- wanna watch secret life all day
new episode of hannah montana, sonny w/ a chance, &amp; wizards of waverly place!!!!! school tomorrow  spring break is over 
@rencen it was cool seeing you yesterday. yep, its the name. *CLASS* ...man, tell me you got some scissors and time cuz my wig neeeds you 
at work today. tired. slept in. missing 2nd to last practice before the beast of the east. also think we lost the last 2 fish last night. 
i had planned on giving my tourney updates, but im busto after level 2.  i feel violated.  prob my weirdest main event experience ever!  
I would like to say good morning tweets!! If your not up get your butt up and go to church. I need to be at church but I had to work.  
a lil bit burnt.. relaxing inside all day but wishing i was out in the sun 
making a pot of coffee &amp; relaxing before phils/flyers this afternoon! too bad i have to work @4 and miss most of the hockey game! 
@snake66 having a good day but spoiled by the fact I am working tonight  should be outside enjoying sunshine but inside watching fa cup.
but, i saw some awesome pairs on the internet that i missed in the store yesterday!! 
Not feeling to hot this morning kinda feel like I got hit by a train the tequilla/ vodka train 
is trying to do homework -- not working so well. spring break ends today  &amp; waiting for someone to wake up...
Downstairs with the kids for less than an hour and I'm already starting to get shrieky  I hate when I let them press my buttons.
@PHILSFAULT I cleaned up things last night but am having the same issue today  I removed like 25gigs of crap from my computer, lol
Last day of break  + someone has the same prom dress as me. OMGFML.
loves this stuff. Needs to work out to prepare for wedding in 5 weeks!! But I'm too tired with my yuckie cold 
is upset....prolly gunna be stuck home all day...yay spring break 
Oh man! Such a friggin' nice day today...and I'm stuck doing taxes, 
Finally got a new bed, taking apart the old one and assembling my new ikea one took me 4 hours and has screwed my back up 
its getting dark now, depression is coming in like a flood of carbon monoxide. the weekend is over  tears.
i'm about to sleep. got a full day tomorrow. dang it's hot up in my room. 
just got a speeding ticket tonight  i think i may contest it and go to a court trial to get it dismissed. risky. has anyone done it?
I never get zits and I got one today. Is that what 12 hours of hot studio lights does to your face?  
last day in marrakech  oh well hopefully the plane journey home might give my sunburn a chance to die down...
Today is the start of the health kick! So reduced amounts of everything &amp; increased amounts of fruit veg &amp; exercise. 
wait, bad call on the passion pit thing; still another month 
Two embarrassing moments this past weekend: finding that my jeans are too small &amp; realising that my shitty biz cards say 'store manager'. 
the new summer set album better be good  im so glad i didnt buy my tickets last night
Another beautiful day, think I'll take the kids for a long walk and then play in the garden with them.  It's forecast for rain tomorrow. 
SO tired, Mondays suck! And so does the rain when my bus stop is a 10 minute walk from my house :| 
morning, going to school and eating lucky charms, i really dont want to get on the bus carzii stalker guy rides it 
My phone busted last night, crisis mode!  I hope AT&amp;T store can save all my pix and videos of the kids from past 2 years!!      
The furry ones and I were gonna go back 2 the bark park today. But its ElCrapo outside 
you can be the captain, I will draw the chart, sailing into destiny, closer to the heart.... 2 years to date  miss you uncle louie
@banccalif no excuses, I gotta get it done. I'll see what's good for the lab this weekend. the track has been a loooong time overdo  sowwy
enjoying marathon monday from the confines of my cubicle. not sure how the runners are going to make it without me there to cheer them on 
Mental note: when making instant breakfast, close the cap on your container SECURELY. I now have the wet mixture all over my pant leg. 
i'm home. and a little bit sad... my lappy is in the service center. the batt just conked out on me. i'm getting it back after 3 days. 
LOL funny thing happen to me this morning, i was on my way to school on public transit, and i threw up my food from last night 
Finding out your out of dog food at 9:45 at night sucks, down to the fuel station I go 
Not having good day-threw washing up water down my top at lunch&amp;just realised bought the wrong antibody 4 mths ago so prob cant return it 
Thinking- where the hell, am I going to get all the $ for all the new kids concerts I'm going to this summer!  front row is expensive $   
@maxesse I went into applestore to buy an ipod dock last week and felt like my soul was being ripped out as I waited in line for 20 mins 
@terrellowens81 na man but close, freezing rain...nasty stuff. I'll be in classes all day 
office desktop's way slower than personal lappie. sigh. n i forgot abt e free cones day 
ohh i so sick - i got seasick from sitting on a fit ball all afternoon - is that even possible! ahh i need to go home 
@in_a_tent couple of weeks at this rate  though am taking a lot of the products camping with me next wkend, so i'll write a few reviews
i love going to the apple store on my day off.. phone died on my way home from work.. have a genius bar appointment tomorrow at w14th 
perfectly blind.. perfectly bliiiind. this song is stuck n my head  side note insomnia is a bitch  i got class n the morning
sport in 2nd period today, ran 3 k after school, and now going for a walk ! ugh too much excercise 
right, studying starts now. fusion + xp + visual studio + countless books = ben sitting inside on a nice day in front of a monitor 
After a week off from any form of physical exercise, am amazed at how hard the run was today.  Legs exploded &amp; lung fit to burst 
busy morning, no rolls and black pudding bummer  when will the camera return who knows!!!!
late nights, sleeping all day. my body clock is all wrong! anyone want to help me sort this out? grrr, school in 6 days!!!! 
crap wireless reception at the parallel session #ItsGrimUpNorth 
Sitting on the bus, wet and tired. What a wonderful way to spend the evening. I just want to curl into a ball and go to sleep 
@ChunLum @TidyCat @FranMagbual  thank you!  too hot today for soupy stuff!   so im comfort food.  grilled cheese!
thinks her foot might fall off. its hurt for 5 hours now even after applying denise's miracle cream. Here comes another doctor visit  
Missing my baby so cutting the night short to see her. Just didn't realize I parked so far away. I feel like I'm walking across zip codes 
good morning to everyone +++ 7:18 a.m. germany +++ to early to rise for me but obviously the right time for my son 
who knew interior design involved manual labor?!  my back's been a wreck for a week now, due to lugging heavy stuff for a presentation 
@rvpartsguy  Just a couple of &quot;motivational self help food 4 thought books and a beautiful new journal. I was rushed for time today 
Thats the last time I get the flu needle!! I hate being house bound with the back lash 
what a day!! bought everything I need(haven't found the book though), ahh the final exam is around the damn corner... sad 
so tired and sleepy but a lot of things to do today.. helpp.. helpp.. i just wanna stay at home and take a long deep rest.. 
ahh scary storm  time to cuddle under the blankets and cover my ears!
@katylindemann  snap actually. whole night spent with rather disgusting shit coming out of the front of my face 
just up - really tired!!  taking kid sister to a b-day party today!  Myt have a go on the bouncy castle - will probz get chased off lol x
has a headache...only 3 pints last night?! will be ref to kids today  ad working all day-grrrr! so tired 
Just took teddy for a nice walk....what a nice day! miss my man 
so this morning mother nature left her monthly present. fun fun. raining out. hope all is slow at wk today. an for sunday too. so tired. 
has angered mercury the god of communication. for her penance she will be spending most of sunay evening in the mac shop 
@ZaireenAzman coolios! Its kinda weird spending my weekend alone without u n nafis  going out for dinner later with hampus!
having a lazy lazy day, when i should be working  back on with databases i guess, may be able to fit in some fallout hoperfully!
@CjMo unlucky dude  hope the rest of the day goes well!
My nails r pink, sky is blue, grass is green(ish) darcys ear is red (again  vet time) and I am content + cheerful (hear that contractor!)
yard sales this morning...with 4 kids cuz @calebgreene has to work today.  Thats ok, but I have the feeling we get lots of toys. ya think?
eh. grandparents house. reading a supah cool book right now............ probably an update from my phone later. bad day already. 
head is thumping  nice day again and im stuck in doors boooo !!!!!!!!!
@bengrossman utoh, they moved you up an hour? bummer, I can't get down there that fast  break a leg!
@papertimelady running is my 2nd most hated exercise(ergs = death) but le gym is shut and i haven't lifted anything heavy in over a month 
Market didn't have the pigs head I wanted for a photo  try another time #photogs #ldn
Pleasee someone talk to me! I'm at a track meet all day long ! 
Today I am trying to do something other then sit inside all day! No car+rain makes me sad  anyone wanna come save me?
ugh, looks like i have to give up my blacberry, trackball still not working, sad day     need to feel productive, but where's the energy?
ugh, looks like i have to give up my blacberry, trackball still not working, sad day     need to feel productive, but where's the energy?
having a really-difficult-toddler day. all treats withdrawn, including going out. which means we're confined in the house with him, too. 
last night was an awesome send-off. i'm going to miss charlotte. i just realized this is the last time i will live in this house. fuck. 
@thepixelbomb  we would rock the city over the weekend. By the way, your peanut butter sandwich shop was on tv yesterday!  LOL
@LeeCollins I don't have curtains  I try pulling covers over face but figure mite as well start day w @OahuAJ &amp; go play tennis
lazy day. wish i was at bamboozle but hotel was too much $ 
shouts 2 my boy damian reppin the mfckn marines @ the car show 2day. sorry u in the rain boo 
Someone pass me a chill pill quick!!!  I am having one of those days 
gossiping with mary via text.  And avoiding spring cleaning at any cost.   plus, my arm hurts A LOT where i got a tetnus shot yesterday 
@BigToys  I cook one large batch put it in bags and just microwave it during the week.  The pot is a mess to clean up. 
ehllo peoples hope everyone has hhad a fantastic weekend its a shame that its almost at a close  means back to uni assignments tomorrow
@waxkrayon awesome saturday night idea - arson. set fire to a random building! perfect plan! ... no? ok... 
last day of #tourdeblono before i leave on the greyhound at 7pm.  thanks to everyone who helped make this trip a vacation
My neck really does hurt from the waltzers  morninggg work today 8-5 what a bitch then essay and revision time (L)
morning everyone, a new day of working on the 2do list. still ill so I can't go outside anyways 
after a shower and a nice breakfast it's time for the service and no swim afterwards 
@JadedTLC  that's alright...we were pretty happy to get him on board... we're going to be getting some pretty sweet deals in your spot.
I fell asleep in my carry case... but woke up right where I started!! I thought I was going on a trip!!  take a hint, humans!!
new sheets, home for the first time in a week, glass of wine, my itunes library accessible again...ahhhh. all that's missing is my kitty 
goodnight twitterland...time for me to go to dreamland...leaving monarch beach tomorrow.  boooo.
has lost three whole kilos this weekend alone, on a diet of cornflakes and sleep   not such a bad thing... but should have been more p ...
*sigh* I think I'm funny... I'm on the ball today comeback central... apparently I'm a paper bag bitch 
@tytryone good morning! eek @ the late wakeup, hope nothing got too messed up for u timewise 
did u hear bud broke his leg ...cast comes off in 8 days  hes fine just frustrated
tonight was no fun and super lame. waste of time and stupid bars/alcohol. i wish that there were cute, nice guys to party with....but no. 
had waaaay too many pick and mix last night, gym time me thinks 
So far, its a masterpiece of minimalism.  One more day to make it all count and then its back to the ball and chain at my job.
spent the last month feeling shite, down in a hole on verge of seeking docs advice  -  brighter skies ahead hopefully to help me climb out
hope everyone is having a brill may bank holiday weekend, looks like a nice day outside....bbq anyone! i know my fam r havin 1 later 
had to buy my dad incontinence pads for the first time today  aging sucks. bless him.
Its a new day, in a great mood becuase my aunt just made me the most amazen bacon sandwidge ever on the other hand my throat is sore 
my dear old munster not yr day  haven't caught any of the post match tittletattle yet.  roll on tipp vs cats!
struggling to comprehend going to uni tomorrow. stuffy nose. essays due. guh. such a tragically routine life i lead during the week. 
@drunkenmonkey87 oic... smack bang in the middle of the afternoon      do you get any choice in the times?
two hours til dug gets here...we can'y look @ my vespa though because the guy is out of town 
me and scarlet did a bad thing this afternoon  may the dog spirit rest in peace.
spent the day installing drivers, playing with legos and eating vietnamese food. today's to-do list?  about 15% done 
hanging out at the house getting ready for church. we are burnt to a crisp from the beach. get burn, then peel, no tan... 
the fire you ignited.... okay, actually going now. ewwy schoool  i'll be up again in 8 hours precisely. and so is lifes cycle.. lol
.....nakajima atsuko did ridic stuff for getbackers back in the day but the code geass heroine's tribute just blows that out of the water 
@exmi sounds like fun. we had such a busy weekend, i wish i had a bit of time to play games. i've had spore for 6mths &amp; haven't played. 
is reali annoyed @ laptop not working cause coulda sat outside in the sunshine and watched the football if it was. . . 
@SaturnFirefly I'll have to ask hunter if that works for him.  I was hoping to use my extra pay check this month though  boo.
not been on for a while - have 2 bunny visitors staying for a few weeks, the young one is a bit mad - keeps me awake at nights 
I'm going to enjoy this day! Although buddy got bit by some strange dog yesterday 
just so ya know, we're out of pumpernickel bagels for the day 
nice enough out this monring 2 let in some cool air, closed up now. wind not 2 bad here yesterday. hikers still missing in canyon.... 
damn you television! got sucked into watching &quot;last restaurant standing&quot;, now running half an hour late 
Long day yesyerday. @MxcnMaria's graduation, yay!, dinner &amp; beach w/ family. 18 of us. But no matter what, I missed @RJNavarrete lots!! 
If anyone I know is going to the disc golf tournament at ellison park today, call me. I feel alone and out of place 
he jungle was quite an adventure last night... a little sore, my hair smells like swamp water, and i still have to drive back home 
@tsawyercampbell not at don halls free family fun day. Haha. I'm so sorry tiff 
@pesky33 yes! i have yet to buy a tent for my festivals this year haha, they are on sale but still more than i have 
I am sorry that the audio for this week's show was so full of pops and skips...I WILL have all these problems resolved in the future. 
shopping today, topshop never fails to get me depressed with how little money i have  got a mini pool table though :') good times
no gaming tonight  too long of a day, probably just crash on the sofa and watch some tv. I don't think I have the mind to start a new game
delicious homemade pizza tonight with family and friends...I must say, i did a good job!  now I have to be goo the rest of the week 
@TaliaRusso AAwwww that's nice!!  I had a crazy busy weekend with my parents party.....back to work tomorrow   lol
@IsadoraR shiiiiittt . the rewrite is this week !? no..freaking..way. what was chapter 5 part 2 ? how am i supposed to remember this !? 
@Theereesa  i know dude ive been so pissed ive been having anxiety attacks all day lol.ima go to his house and jump him theresa lets go
my friday consisted of rain a crazy bus driver a stranger's house and missing a fall out boy concert probably the worst day of my life 
last tweet for a week  sorry guys - I need to deal with school and figure things out on my own
short weekend. got nothing done. made a dress and gained two pounds oh joy  Needs a study buddy, nutritionist and that celly the xenon!!
busy week, church, dress rehearsal, spring show thursday &amp; friday. missing mix fest &amp; wtk 
I don't want to go for a 3 hour drive tomorrow for a doctors appointment...  pray for me, whole swine flu thing has me nervous.
ok off to bed need some rest for school ugh testing next week! 
@iamjonathancook i cant sleep either  take care of my boys in mercy this week
Today I asked a sprint store rep about pre ordering a #pre. he basicaly said no way and that the east coast will get first dibs. 
The library is under construction, annoying sounds everywhere  got my score this morning, and it's pretty good, 97 !(I'm surprised.)
going kayaking today (12 mile paddle yikes) and its raining so no matter what happens i'm gonna get wet 
I cant sleep...aww man...its going to be a long monday...I got another 30 days of rehab...cause this right here...its not going away! 
right, been up half an hour, hang over is not too bad. now to start my mammoth college assignment knowing that there is no beer today 
havent eaten anythg all day. been at the poker table, crying, gambling, more crying. tell me this is just hormonal. 
BGT was great last night i love jamie at the end he was so good he was proper scared arr bored bank holiday  love you all x
fun weekend..dads 50th bday party, angie time..bad part..J5 losing and not being able to play..having to go back to work tomorrow 
well i've had a terrible night, gotta go to boots for supplies then tesco for food  feel awful! calling in sick tonight me thinks 
Morning folks, hope everyone is well and having a good day off this bank holiday  - sorry  that @antonvowl  has to work today 
monday holidays rock. productivity has been nil though. and i've got to stop breaking my glasses! two in a mth is a bit much, even for me 
@joshtastic1 you must my sun that i had yesterday.  what you put on bbq?something good i hope.
these coughing fits waking me in the middle of the night is really pissing me off! the most cruel part? my alarm will go off in 35 mins 
wow, that long weekend went fast!! mental note from wc- how to measure force of pressure... newtons? anyhoo, my wounds still bleeding 
uugh....time for school. hurray.....pray for david cook and his fam guys! 
good morning. its cold on my house  by the way, i might not have a phone during the day anymore. cool.
@TorchwoodCF What a cool shot! Does look like it's cloudy for you   If it makes you feel better it's going to storm again here all day
@heatherhendroff thanks heaps heather will try and buy one tomorrow been having it for days and taking medicine and nothing works. 
@ksyferd You need 2 be under quarantine or something, get rid of this bug once and for all! Seems like one or the other is sick each week 
shots, x boyfriends, this providence and work the next morning.  bummer. 
looks like its a day in the office  we have 2, 1 hour meetings so it will break up the boredom. bonus in survey clothes instead of tie
one day no twitter, and i feel like i live behind the moon  watching mcfly live dvd, doing homework, ate a pearl, want chocolate.
PS I'll be packing in my room this afternoon around 1:30 if anyone wants to stop by and say goodbye  I dont wanna leave
Ugh, didn't want to stay in smithfield overnight but I got a total guilt trip. Now stuff in a hot house w/ nothing to do 
celebrating mother's day on saturday instead, just to avoid the line-up outside the dim sum place. sadly for mom, she has work tomorrow. 
Not sure what 2 do wit myself, house is spotless, footy over - kids wrecked from massive weeks &amp; don't even want to play with me     
rice at 4am is awsome and combats the booze. its all fun and games till someone stamps on your ankle 
Yet another crazy night on the med/surg unit...save me please someone 
i feel hungry, i haven't eaten anything all day except for bread for breakfast, LOL. i could've gone shopping 
@PlumpPeaches Thanks! I think a visitor did it while I was gone on a 4 day trip. I don't give people food, no cat now, he's so miserable 
@crash11878 That stinks.   The ice storms got me good a few years back.  If you need something, just yell.
picked clothes off her bedroom floor &amp; ended up with 2 full machine loads. how does this happen? i hate laundry day 
lost a bet and now reading the stupid twilight series.  lucky it's fast and will be over and done with soon 
Arrrggghh...was looking forward to a lazy afternoon but my producer calls me and is coming over to show me new talents!!! 
So much I want to do today but a load of housework needs tackling first  Why didn't the housework fairies visit in the night???
scored a fifty yesterday and took 3 wickets. I was also on a hat trick, shame the 3rd ball was so misdirected though 
Kids rather lively this morning. The word boisterous comes to mind. Boisterous and breakfast do not good companions make. 
Just spent 4 hours sifting and all I was able to toss out was 3/4 of a black bag of old things. 
@pottymouthmama really bad, starting to get little blisters on it  she's having like 6 soft poos a day so hard to get relief. poor monkey
I'm ready for sleepy time now I don't want to go to work tomorrow this sucks 
it's weekend, weather is getting fine. so what is the best idea to do? right! study works  I want to go out with th dog!!! ((
@FlissTee bright sunshine, and very pleasant out, going to spend most of the day outside I think, next job - cleaning out chicken coop 
stuck inside on this rare gorgeous day in brussels, studying for finals   distractions easily welcome
So stupid me didn't remember to stop at the store so I have no eggs for breakfast  oh well... ate a loooot last night... who needs it
ahh happy mothers day! my internet is still down  so I'm just tweeting via phone. l promise ill get back to fan mail when I'm online again
has had 1 of the worst days ever stupid machine ate my parking ticket n i then break a nail in the process which i only had fixed last wk 
woke up early, 515a. fed the dogs, got the dishwasher going, mother's day present out.  rain could put a damper on the cookout at noon 
A restless night with tummy ache is a BAD prep for a long day of graduation events. . . . 
A day to myself..better get used to this  wish i was still sitting on the sofa eating ice cream with pete.
very musical mood....lots to do to loud bass-y rock for class tomorrow 
forgot to close my resto the other day and my reputation dropped so low. now i am having few customers.  http://plurk.com/p/swyo9
wow, this day is sloooow. I have nothing to do  come n play? (A)
is back from a 4 day convention. I picked up a lot of useful info, some lapel pins, and a cold 
poor mum, she had a boring mother's day  i must remedy this and make tomorrow excitingly heart attack inducing, yes
another freaking cold day for a garage sale. 
O and i am guna do the icky medieval times report thing eeeewww make a  coat of arms i bought the supplies yesterday from MIcheals  eewie!
Waiting in a longass line at the dim sum place for breakfast fuck so long for mother's day 
Gorgeous, relaxing afternoon in the back garden. If only that ginger kid would just shut-up and climb down from the lamp post. 
(@mting) Gorgeous, relaxing afternoon in the back garden. If only that ginger kid would just shut-up and climb down from the lamp post. 
gonna spend mother's day in crawl space and garage moving everything from external walls for termite treatment tomorrow.  cobwebs. ick. 
@liihyam19 been there. still i am going bananas! lol. as you know, i dont hav any social life this summer break.  i feel dead of a sort.
was supposed to wake up at 6. woke up at 9. good job, luey! i'm so tired. which sucks cause it's only the beginning of the week. 
saw star strek earlier today. way awesome. nap for hour. tired 
@westlifebunny we were gonna meet up on the 23rd in this one night club called body language I think hahahha but poor me 
I'm in the mood to stay up all night and make stuff again. I wish I could but I better get to bed at a fairly decent time 
Watching a random 2 and a half men  episode during my break. nothing better to do 
@Ashmeee boys of course! This whole week is fml I wana cone home 
feels hungover after attending the initmate script gig last nite.... but didn't touch a drop of alcohol as I was driving... 
gettting super addicted to dream day wedding game! Mums birthday tomorrow! No idea what to get her 
no pop- check! wise food choices-half check! jog- no check   ...hopefully tomorrow's goal will be better!
herbal tea + doona + music mix = stine will get better by 8am!  i hate being sick!  [one. more. day. til another year begins]
is feeling a little weird today...think i might hav to giv the gym a miss and rest tonight even tho i dont want to 
@bombDUH its bomn out here but we didn't go to the beach yet we did our chill thing today but loads of fun! wish u was here 
Eating breakfast and twittering, late after cat bought bird in again 
@rudedoodle im fed up being in house out back garden every day so taking kids on train ride to town woohoo. hope it doesn't rain 
@freygan shame  it's a bright morning here, &amp; I'm having a coffee break...and trying to keep a happy frame of mind...
rats, no training rides all week because of the rain. first bit of sunshine &amp; the mrs comes home early to make sure i go to the dentist 
@miss_glitch It span thrice on the spot, barked, squatted for about 0.5 seconds, then looked baffled. No party hat or disco lights 
@midgetmum I have a sick dd at home, a dog with a broken claw &amp; am attempting to do accounts. It's a pants day all round 
wearing my best shirt and tie today for a meeting with a client, but noticed a quick shave this morning left a spec of red on my collar 
after walking to the bus stop and then to college has made me feel very ill again  and ive got 5 hours of college to survive
night, everybody.  it's been a long, tough day.  i'll be really happy when all the dad stuff is settled. 
Feeling a bit ill the last days  have my first dance lesson today.. looking forward to it, hope I'll feel better by then!
been up since 6am workin on essay, went to get mcds breakfast, car broke, now in garage, gunna be a fun day i can tell 
hoping for a good day.. not staying in today no matter what!! had a good bike ride last night. was so tired couldnt even eat my lasagna! 
nothing in the house for breakfast and TONS to do today. I don't have time for groceries. 
@HeatherShea bummer  lol I got a call from the front desk of my apt at ~6am saying the person under me had water coming from thier roof!
@Deshine nooo!  but i'm going to wear the other one anyway, bit more formal! i'll save my motel one for bethan's birthday. yay tomorrow! x
I'm supposed to go to movies and lunch with a friend, now I'm sort of wishing I wasn't going - it's so hot down here, I hate the heat 
not having a good day. Just went to back up my hard drive and couldnt found out my hard drive is failing on my laptop 
@johncmayer  watch talk, dude i LOVE watches, i'd like to have 1 for everyday of the year, but i only have for the week? 
O hashbrown....my love!!!! ;) oh, happy day! But I'd rather stay at the IDignity event helping the homeless then go to the office! 
On the way to an actors seminar..I ate too much for lunch, feel sick 
surfing thw web from a hotel lobby spending one week away from home for a workshop... kinda sux 
Waiting to get a haircut, then I got to re-buy lunch thanks to the guy who threw it all out from the fridge yesterday 
is up and awake  but has a busy day ahead of her (tan, buy make-up, paint her nails, and pack) all b4 i leave 4 the beach this afternoon
lost lost lost lost  anyway. hafta' pack now. may this weekend be a blast! i really really really need this break.
@TTSTylerNelson so mad i missed you today on my dad's show  i was just watching rush hr 3 the other night and thought of u! miss u lots!
in the computer room all day  at sum stage it gets boring :L:L!!! rain  yuck! i love my class  the boys make me laugh 2 much
goodnight to all!!! got to get up early again! NO sleepin in this weekend! 
date last night to see angels and demons...  very different from the book but still not bad... and i didn't have to spend a dime 
is nursin a horrible migraine...like i just downed 2 pills and its not goin...being in the middle is no longer fun...wait it never was... 
1 of the most frustrating things about a cold has to be waking up in the night because of a dry mouth brought on by breathing through it 
if i didn't still have a history presentation to pull out of the air by tomorrow, i'd be kicking back with the half-blood prince 
So I took some awesome pictures today for the documentation of my summer, and erased them all somehow   If only I was good with computers.
@Jolenegillette yesss mam. killing me. its the 3rd day i shouldnt be bleeding anymore. i have pains in my neck all the way up to my eye. 
home from six flags with the band...such a fun day...i miss everyone already 
working in the morning finding it a bit stressful the last couple of days  but i bought a shoe wheel and its amazing! took 4ever to build!
@its_lushotology so yeah get your green day tickets! doubt you'll be on the floor, though.  #greenday
I have some type of bite on my leg and it hurts  this isnt normal and now my leg is swollen fuck my day can't get any worse
@banana_sari :/ sorry...guess i was too excited lol...we only found out about the venue yesterday...didn't get any pics either 
had a good time tonight.  yay.  hubby away = empty bed.  party can't stop until there's love.  
what a waste of a weekend, i hate doing family things nowadays dunno why. but i think the next few weekends are gonna be this way 
Morning world - just a bit late up affrer my latish night (by my usual standards anyway)! Doesn't feel very sunny either 
@FashionLIFE me too luv muffin! I felt like a loserrrrr  but I had to get some assignments done. I can't wait to next weekend anyway
I bought a new bottle of eye drops today. I have a feeling I'll be buying another bottle by the end of the week with everything blooming 
re: this morning's poll... it's irrelevent now, I can't remember my nice dream anymore 
Not sure what happens went from boom boom pow to silent night 
We wr up at 5am wlkng the dogs, tkng advantage of the break in the rain. kp in a lot of pain 2day, &amp; has had 2 pop 50mg morphine 
I'm shattered on my way home from southampton... Last night was fun! I hav a headache tho  and need coffee and food!!
I want to see the star trek film  my cousin is away to see it today but im stuck indoors for the second day 
i misssss bub!  45 minutes ot get ready then going out for a family meal, oh the joy
Sundays is kind off boring 
day 4 in hospital, times are bad, made me miss first exam   vists from my babe soon though !!
omg. i feel like dead. crazy night yesterday... everything hurts - outch 
unfortunate concentration of things i could relate to in an ep of 'lewis' &amp; i'm all out of chocolate but don't want to put on day clothes 
@elenarr i was afraid of overfeeding mine as well lol but I guess that's not the case. I think by the end of tonight all my fish are dead 
looks like i caught a chill last night. sneeze, sniffle, cough. not one week before my trip!?!? 
2 weeks worth of grass and weed growth to sort out after holiday - nice 
sitting at home feeling sorry for myself in a red plaster cast, missed the aftershow party and everything! 
ahhhh. moms and brea are on their way to get us.  see you guys again in 3 weeks.
ate waaay too much this weekend  hanging out with an old friend today, i hope its not awkward....
Would like to know why I can fly west with little ill effect but flying east turns me into a gibbering wreck  great week at #teched though
sunday morning, rainy outside and cool. guess i better start laundry 
local parks are full of fun.  today i slid on a slide and climbed on a climbing frame.  not often i get to do that!  i fell over twice. 
just had homecook meal with kids, paksu and tasnim...now packing for tmrw ,hitching a ride from eric since my boo is in a breakdown mode 
Having my daily dose of coffee in preparation for the fellatio of the day. However, I don't anything can prepare me. 
@paavani i didnt wake up  but had a good time today.. caught up with reading, movies, friends and sleep.....
badminton was fun, but right hand almost immobile now - and dropped my &lt; 1 month old e71 in the changing room, minor dents but gutted 
Having my daily dose of coffee in preparation for the fellatio of the day. However, I don't anything can prepare me. 
Hey all I am going outta town, I will be able to update for like an hour then I will lose service!  later for a bit!
Seems like were stuck without beach today.. Its cold &amp; wet outside.. 
@HildeM_EN nice and why weren't you in the parade with a glyph flag lol we have a patron saints day but don't celebrate anything  
here's what's not good- covering an outdoor event. on a windy day. in a skirt.  hello, meade county veterinary hospital. how YOU doin'?
traffic  might not be able to make it to the play this afternoon.
says oh god, trafford centre then a trip to the bank tomorrow, the the joys of student finance  http://plurk.com/p/uefvx
Cuddling with my doggy jinkies. Ahhh have to go to the gym in a bit  happy sunday to me!
tidying my room it's sooo boring  wish I had something good to do this evening. In fact, I wish I was on holiday right now!!
nice day out!!! wish i didn't have to work inside the mall today  #fb
spent the whole morning cleaning and wants to go to the beach, but doesn't have the energy to load up the child and get ther 
@xokassy no way. doing to the dentist tomorrow 2 ! i think i wont be able to eat &amp; talk for a day or something  ouch.
@LadyPoi nice catch moving the plant out of harm's way last night. too bad those girls had alreaday crashed into it. poor plantie 
I ordered pizza and its disgusting  the back up chick chick wasn't nice either.. after all day hungry this is such a let down
I woke up with what I'm almost positive is pink eye  Damnit! And of course happens on a weekend when I can't get to the doctor.
@zebedeejane bad day with the law..  am part of the persecuted motoring majority.. sigh. own fault for allegedly having a heavy wrist..
feels a bit under the weather this morning  So great I can continue working in my track pants and slippers with a nice hot cuppa!!
UGGGGG !!!!!!!!There is someone smoking out my livingroom window. Now I will have a hard time breathing for the rest of the night 
@hartluck said to say its going to be rainy all this week  but hope you and your hot wife enjoy
@TessaDare bar prep  i'd let you know but i haz negative scheduling powers-will tell you once i know. :X lol sry to you &amp; @moirarogersbree
hurt my ankle today. hurts so bad. make it stop. and just found out my roommates leaving me for cali this week  sad
horrible morning , couldnt get my hair to go right , spilt orange juice all over uniform and we've got exams today 
today is free! i would like to enjoy the sun. but first i must clean the house!  wish everyone a good start into the week!
baby up 1/2 the night.  late start this morn. gotta started on garden animal cupcakes after school drop-off and music class.
winter is truly here! It's cold &amp; raining  perfect day for eurovision re-runs, pies &amp; blankies
ok...nighty night peeps...school tomorrow....and for some reason i just got slapped in the face with a fat case of the homesick blues 
Morning all! 4got charger @ the weekend &amp; my battery didn't last the journey home  looks like I missed alot in twitterland xx
going to the doctor soon, were at the hospital on saturday because my heart beats very strange since 12 days so I'd better check that out 
Legs are aching a lot today after that run last night 
Suffering through a hideous journey to the office. What a way to start the week.  And someone smells of garlic ew
@clarenasir could i have picked a worser week to be off work weather wise  Here's hoping the sun makes am appearance at some point
Definitely unwell today. In the bathroom every few minutes. Feels like constant mini explosions in my stomach 
Heading to the gym, I bruised my right hand over the weekend so imma have to keep it light today 
is lukin 4ward 2 her lil trail day on sat on her break at workies nd feels very ick!!  xx
Ouch Ouch - approx 16 miles covered for our marathon training yesterday  - any tips on making me feet stronger and not prone to blister?  
damn i can't get seafm from where i am  i need it to be on nova or 2day fm...play sway sway baby!!!
@jake74 but the problem is that if you're too skinny like me! no companies make a tight fitting tee!  i've been looking around for years!!
Late into the office today after seeing a solicitor. &quot;your fees are how much?&quot;   beans on toast for me the rest of the.month
moer... tweaked my neck @ gym this morning.. its getting tighter by the hour.. laaaank sore  #feelingsorryformyself
finally back from comedy show/AIDS benefit/hanging out with @kittylin 's kitten! 7 hour ride is over and ended with a 7/11 hotdog 
ive sprained my ankle, god knows how cause i certainly dont remember doing it, day on the couch for me looks like 
legs hurt.....can't believe I did squats yesterday.....first time since college...boy am i weak!  (and it hurts to walk up stairs  )
ah! weekend went wayyy too fast! I miss everyone from camp snow white 
understands that the guys needed celebrating yesterday, but still expected a couple to turn up for kit move!!! 
awful cold, cant breathe out of her nose  sleeping my way through school today
just think.. 6 more days 'till the greatest spectacle in racing ! xD excited ! limping to school haha my knee hurts 
@PaulaCasas yeah i have business paper 2. and our solo dance recital!  on fridayy. and then prom the next day 
@AlexLJ alas I think me may have the see flu that be going round this fine ship arhhh  #Twitarrr
@AlexLJ alas I think me may have the see flu that be going round this fine ship arhhh  #Twittarrr
@ the gas station waiting for my daddy to come pump my gas! I hit the snooze button 4 times this morning  super sleepy
My eyes are bloodshot, not enough sleep, staring at a screen too much, flatmates frying onions every damn day without turning the fan on 
Attempting to stay upright but have a pretty terrible attack of the shakes. Ridiculously heavy weekend fail 
Decided to skip art this morning as have had a really busy weekend. Turns out there wasn't a class anyway..... skiving is more fun! 
it's cold again at the beach...inside day for sure 
@meenalanand looks like someone had an awesome day!! seriously jealous now.......i had 1 meeting after the other  so all i had was coffee
last final! then the iron pigs game! heyyy summer! wish it wasn't cold out 
@takeabreathh hahha good luck with your exams..!! Hahha but my week will be a little bad because today I'm having my wisdom teeth remove 
Movers got here 30 mins ago (an hour early), main guy says we should be on the road btwn 11-12. 
@ninety9dots restaurant city. you know the trade here trade there one. haha. stay warm! i hope i wont freeze my ass off at camp 
I need to smoke a big ass bowl, chill with some fruit snacks, and feel the breeze.  But no, I'm working all fucking day. Wahhh! 
interuption of the day is caused by................doing the dishes woo exciting stuff....i wanna dance n the puddles 
i don't see &quot;starting a fire&quot; on my list of things to do yesterday. but it happened anyway   thankfully no major damage.
@Sharontweet did you get a chance to have a walk round the town thats where i was born many years ago 
signed douche nozzles year book going to practice for promotion tommorow I'm fucking sick 
running round frantically (obviously pausing right now) to get everything together for field trip,cant fit it all in bag 
@ProphetEKA ive been on facebook for an hour and a half. and i have 3/4 of 1 comic done. i need 2 done for today. gana be a long night 
@crimpomatic same here must be something in the air and I had a freshly made bed what a waste  but never mind look at the day, sun ==
@punkpolkadots try and rope bodhi in for sure...and what's with might and all? cmon, i've dropped all my schedule for the weekend! 
@AnnabelKaye type 2, stress related I'm told by doctor and is common today  hence relaxing cycle rides but want to push up mountains
@larosabella afterwards it didnt totally come out 
Simbian wants to bake a cake to impress, but she is so lazy, she would rather sleep.. zzzz.. Its sucha hot day! 
Too sunny to be in the office - looking forward to getting in the sea this weekend.  Boots and gloves me thinks!  A little surf I hope? 
needs to be able to use the aircon in his room, atleast at night during the summer, dammit  http://plurk.com/p/vfmqa
Dammit! I got stuck in front of the computer and now time's up...no gym today. 
Morning, lots of stuff to do today... looking forward to the weekend... but not looking forward to being knocked out of the premiership!! 
going to see top twins/thrifting/shocking pinks tomorrow *hopefully*  also think i'm iron deprived...sooo tired all the time 
ah, i'm bored // being at home kinda suck, boy. i miss my best day today  // when was the last time you talked to me, seriously...
@omgwtfftl  i would of went today but someone needs to watch my 4yr old cousin cause he wont sit through a movie.
I have no reason to try and make myself look decent for the rest of the school year. 
is not going to have fun taking care of her kids today/cleaning the house with a hurt back and neck...  
At work...the day started with me stepping in dog crap in white flip flops! 
After yesterday I will be taking in little retail therapy time at the outlet while @clhoffman gets her nose pierced without me 
@ratbanjos i'm not sure ... you guys with your humour get me through my working day!!! Going cold turkey is a killer 
@GHmltn weather?! rubbish! grey skies and no hope of my new patio furniture going out today  rant cud be looming...
well.. the weather is atrocious and my feet are ice. nothing's gonna stop me from studying like hell this weekend! not even feeling sick. 
6 months after sending a letter i just got back a signed autograph dedicated to mum from cliff richard... that kind of hit me hard... 
@PoloBandit my laptop is actin like its on crack, it was just fine last night now it wont start the right way 
@endlessblush okay, I'll check them out. then I'm heading off to bed-want to try to go to the gym in the morning-haven't been in 2 weeks! 
orientation session is over. yay! i skip the photograph session today. my daddy pick me up early. my feet r killing me 
wasted my morning trying to find a decent pair of trainers - could not find anything in my size even when I changed hunt to Timberlands 
1st time since I've had my hair cut short that I've wanted a ponytail  blame it on a wild night. taking 50 2 work, hope traffics light
I get to see my very best friend tonight. It's been one whole week, without texting or anything  And I miss yo' @jefferner lots x
rugby finals was sad, lethargic and tiring  i still feel bloodless. what a shitty day
the rodd brudenell river resort is so gorgeous and relaxing!! wish we had stayed more than one night  oh well, off to hopewell cape!
@nicolerichie haha wow i was just watching that yesterday!!!! its from heathers but i cant remember what is said after  half points?! haha
my dog has a bright red spot on her stomach  gotta go to the vet.. s0 much to do today before mdw!
I've had a mad day for papercuts so far. Some real nasty ones that look like knife wounds. my alcohol-based hand gel hurts like hell 
gona miss my claudiewadie.  the whole weekend without her!!! marys in the hospital. yes, i have other friends, but that means lonly dorm.
Home. Feels like its going to be a warm day. 
just to top off my increasingly crappy day - the one thing I did buy this morning are the wrong effing size - dummy spat, toys thrown 
The one day where im on a missing to keep a white dress clean and I'm spilling everything on it 
@KHRISsSs things are good just chillen enjoying summer and i hate u cause thats my man i was listening to the show last night 
The downside of moving slowly is the kitchen was in shambles for most of the month. As a result, ate out way more often than normal. 
WTF, sat outside for happy hour yesterday and now I have a bunch of mosquito bites on my lower back 
@Schneidz yeah, all day yesterday I couldn't sign in!! I also had no luck tryn to find the older version to redownload 
Missing my hubby... An extra day off without my better half is not as fun 
kinda salty that a cat ruined my weekend plans...thanx a lot cutie pie! 
help!! I have a sore pimple on the tip of my nose! I need it gone by lunch tomorrow 
@karla_alyssa doing great. got my nails done, laid out by the pool...great day minus my team losing  how are things with u?
is happy my hair didnt get wet coming home from work in the rain. I wouldve been out the game cuz I broke my good flat irons earlier 2day 
busy busy day ahead! have to pack all my stuff! clean the whole apartment! moving out tomorrow!  but I'm so tired!
A tendon in the back of my knee has been tightening and pulling all day. The weird thing is that it makes my eyes water every time..   ...
@novahans for the good of everyone. i tried every hour yesterday to win tickets please please i really want to go! 
my ribs hurt. it hurts to breathe. it's been like this all day. did nothing yesterday but watch tv. how did that like, bruise my ribs? 
might have to skip footy training tonight - the day is way too full 
what a day! ate a lil more than i should have... went gym'n for 2 hours. training tomorrow! dyed my hair black! but toby still isn't home 
it's been over a month with my knee hurting! ... hate doctors, they don't do anything 
well maybe i wont stay up all night..i'm kind of bored..and kind of tired. i know i wont be able to sleep in a strange house tomorrow 
@nadie_noflea Going to a talk about cervical cancer isn't the most delightful way to spend my afternoon, lol. plus i've got clsses till 8 
bit grim today  think i need some snow patrol to cheer me up!
HATES having to be a drill sargeant in the morning in order to get us all up and out the door on time. 
pressed the wrong button on the coffee machine. It's now cleaning itself for ages instead of giving me the kick for diving into the day 
@dittee yeah retreating today. need fresh wind/rain/fire. not necessarily in that order ;) &amp; yeah, the effects of not refueling daily is 
@yikes77 girl i hear you! my friends just met them today. one for the second day in a row. me? nada.. he didn' even see my sign @ a show! 
 bummed out. going to try and cheer myself up. night everybody
Not a fan of being in my house alone at night. Lots of strange noises outside and bed bugs on the loose 
had an awesome night listening to worship practice... then fun times at sonic lol... my tummy hurts from my grilled cheese sandwich tho 
didnt play volleyball today  but did play in the community band and has a very nice heart-to-heart talk, bed time, up early to run, night!
didnt play volleyball today  but did play in the community band and had a very nice heart-to-heart talk, bed time, up early to run, night!
@Giggles_xo  wicked , what time you leaving? how come you cant stay the night 
@razitul ya. i was suffering the whole day yesterday. met dentist and feel a bit better. i still look like rocky balboa though 
home from ice cream tweet-up (my very first tweet-up!) No pics because my camera battery died last night and i forgot to charge it 
Never has a chance of sleeping before midnight  my mind is so tired......
rented bikes + unknown trail with random bumps + big hills + kids = one beat up little girl. Not a good day on the B family vacation. 
just going into school 2 get some spanish CDs &quot;sigueee&quot; haha. Then guess what my plans are .. studying all day again! 
@bekimccabe true that! don't know why i bothered this morning cos I just put it up in a pony soon as I got to work anyways 
got another long day of papers and projects tomorrow  but this time one of the projects is shaving, its been like 2 mths lol. man legs.eww
@Mogeezie u ever jus fell like damn, i jus want to cake it n lay next to ur baby...watch movies chill freak on all night...  
holiday time | got my grizzly bears cd, bit it wont read  | adventures tomorrow | swine flu is scaring me | i still have a cold
@Ekstatikladii sorry love had no left overs  but come through sat @ mi casa for ton's birthday! we'll have tons of food 
@LaylaNatalie nowhere babe  ice come to do a few jobs here this morning *sigh*
@iszi_lawrence did you forget something this morning? you nearly ran me over at the bottom of the hill!  its very very warm in the shop! x
@HospitalityMan  got the laptop but no golden rings  This weekend's job is to get it all set up - oh joy
sorry paul scheuring, but prison break series finale sucked... in so many levels 
@Famousnae i know.  i would of gone to red river but i forgot bout it and was tired from work. we need a donut hole eating date soon!
I can't find @HRHBrianthecat  hope he didn't get eaten by anything last night...he jumped off the deck   he just wont stay in safe *sigh*
@Dojie oooh lush. i cant sunbathe i burn way to easily even with sun cream  @sofisticat im great thanks lovely sunny day no?
can't gauge the time of day in my office anymore... It's worse than a friggin' casino in here... no waitresses, smoking, or booze 
I am never going in to town on a sunny friday in half term again. eugh got no electricity 
@LushLtd why can't i buy the new night in for toes? i see it, it's within my grasp, but it's just not bringing it to my shopping cart 
@iamlittleboots all my recording eqpmnts out. a full day 2 myself and minds gone blank. outfit for G-A-Y still nt arrived eitha 
@mekya05 yes, i found you! come to greenville. perfect weekend for pictures and no sidekick to go shooting with 
turns 26 on june 22. no more a youth   shelton for my bday is going to snag me a piece of mancandy. miss u everyday, my hot chocolate &lt;3.
thinks revising in the garden from 8 this morning without sunscreen isnt the best idea ive had  oucccccccch
Twenty minutes on a fucking call you would think that the person would mention there is already a trouble ticket investigating the issue 
Maaaaaan what a lovely day, shame that the ice-cream man near our workplace decided there was business elsewhere before we got a 99 
Today in the friendly game one asshole hit me in the knee. Now, I'm lying in bed with a heating cream (stinks) and ice. bore very much 
@katyb_ haha tell me about. I've had this feeling everyday of this week 
So from this moment foward, imma have to spend my money wisely. No dress and shoe shopping every week. No more pigging out @ my fav rest. 
I want to go outside and play in the sunshine, but I have to sit in front of a computer all day   At least I can have lunch on the patio!
Proof of heat  good day wish I hadn't spent most of it in bed  http://twitpic.com/670tp
@c0v89 i dunno..tipsy gave EVERYTHING in the 1st set and still lost..not sure what mental state he was in - but the injury was bad timing 
@adonkim Sounds like a nice relaxing afternoon. I have to mow the lawn and walk the dog 
I realized last night that I have no idea where my PnS went to during the move... I hope it's not lost and gone forever 
more packing, cleaning, and getting shit done. last day in this apartment. this time tomorrow my shit will be in storage 
Just went a bought the bigest redbull i could find. its going to be a long day at the office 
@PKChin morning dad!! i had the weirdest dream some marines shot terrorists in the throat... no i didnt find the key yet 
@sampan22 Haha...ooh it was gorgeous wasn't it!! And a whole weekend more to follow!! Ouch...i had blisters from my shoes yesterday 
okay someplease save me!!! now I am watching ninja warrier and eating an egg roll from last night  
finally home and enjoying the rest of my day. Azongo and I are having a smoke-fest! woot! #mmot miss my @MorganLeigh321 
back from dinner w. my family. i'm not meeting christine anymore  sunny weather tomorrow and a day out &amp; about. i want red bull!
just got news that one of our good friends grams passed away.She was strong as a horse. You never know what tomorrow may hold. 
unlucky pants    today: lemonade, earlier: white russian in the middle of the dance floor
just got my first lesson in when rain meets my white  shirt   if one more man tells me they like my bra on more time! smh
Trying to decide on a movie with the friends.. not going to well! lol :p  No bible study 2nite, which means no b-day cake  buy my own??
I actually got a bit of a tan today haha sadly will be working all weekend won't get a chance to enjoy the glorious sunrays boo 
@PeachyPictures oh dear, I take back my request.... I get so drunk on fizz!! And I def do regret it the next day, sure fired hangover 
played a bit pool with my buddies....going to bed now, have to work tomorrow 
alright, so day was going well, but got home, and all my potato salad was gone 
 bummer, my phone gets disconnected. on the weekend of my birthday. darn &lt;/3
wow, almost got involved in this big fight at school!  ah, but anyways text me? going to causin's house, plus game crazy.
such a good day!! even though my so called friends did try to row away from me  but god i love em :p
at least two to three times a week i turn on the tv, find comedy central already on and have to endure a brief moment of scrubs 
@aaronob My music teacher either expired or forgot about my lesson, leaving me outside waiting for my ride to pick me up for 1 hour. 
i just saw a baby dove fall from a tree, break its neck and die  i tried to save it and couldnt. what a cruel world 
re-dyed the hair, early start tomorrow heading down to londons clothes show, great place to be when i feel fat.   bright side = motivation
Its so windy and raining harder then the day before today   bye bye if the power gos out 
Our plane had landed!! FINALLY gonna get to board...an hour late.  stupid rain!!!
i want to see ephraim zenh tomorrow! a lot. but can i find a sitter? wtf? why does everyone have plans? it's only saturday night...sigh. 
@xoxoJennxoxox i did a couple hours ago...ive got sun burn and its really uncomfortable 
@under_control  sad times. oh well, i hope true blood is good! i recommend watching milk one day though. inspiring stuff.
@TheRealJordin my throats been hurting me too today  it just started during school, so random! but its a genius excuse to have icecream!&lt;3
workplace is being set on fire tomorrow morning and it sure does suck not having cell reception at work...i've missed so many fun things 
video chatting b4 I hit the streets... yupers!!!! where's my healthy snack &amp; water????   skyscraper sexy heels time ;)
Last evening, standing by the door on the train, I realized &quot;I don't have the capacity to love (this life), anymore&quot; 
am super happy! mumma is home! that means food, cookies, love and more love!  we all miss her when she is gone 
#lofnotc a rainy evening filled with letter-writing and internet poker... not too bad. but i have no wine  this is a sad tragedy
@baileyboo23 thanks for shining some light into the mommy cave.  I am a cooler person because of you. I'm gonna miss you. 
@trainable_girl 4  but we can plan something for tomorrow evening? god idk what to do about my phone ugh i hate tmobile so freaking much
fav part of today-having a fun time at auditions. least fav-screwing up &amp; freezing in front of judges &amp; resulting in not makin the team! 
@realpattinson @realpattinson I think I need a hug I'm in the hospital  come make my night better
good night world.. its been forever scence ive seen stars in my back yard 
my skin feels so soft and smooth, i love the mud club at glen ivy!!  so sad this day has to end 
my poor li'l sunshine is sick...  can she make it for tomorrow's trip out of town? *sigh* planned this for quite some time..
Needs to work out more  ok goal this weekend to get my butt put for a run and enjoy the sunshine ?
is at the range, lots of new shooter, cause its an open day. can feel a cold comming on 
Just my luck i break my hand and im having a pool party for my b-day tomorrow. Boys why do they think we play rough as them. Grrrrrrrrr 
@andrewlowson sunburn, thinking, the usual. it's pretty bad times, but my room's pitch black. shame the cats are up 
leaving...no one has time for the burd tonight/ this morning 
wanting the laundry to finish washing so I can go to bed!  A girl needs her rest for the party tomorrow!!! 
started my recording session scary - coughing   BUT had a great warm up and ended up sounding better than ever!feels good being back n lab
@missjs_diva mannnnn i cant gain half a damn pound!!!  we need a master plan ladies!!!!! lol I feel sooo skinny!! 
cannot sleep with a stuffy nose  i have to wake up early tomorrow! not a good time for this :/
@soaps3 I plan on hearing everything from whoever is going to a summer concert, since I can't  that bites!!!! lol
i dont want to go to the getaway plan anymore. its raining...and cold 
10 mins since i left home...and my shirt is entirely  wet...damn this summer ! 
@justinbrighten wow that is early to go fishing. enjoy. I used to love fishing. haven't' been in a long ass time 
i wish i'd be in concord at some point tomorrow to redeem my free tan at turbo tan  bummer i wasted this whole month.
is feeling so tired today. Why do I have to do this stupid F&amp;*%# thing.. just want to be back with the girls having a champagne breakfast 
i got up too early... my mum woke me be accident..  its too nice a day to sleep more!
@djmallu naaaaah if i sleep il wake up grumpy an il feel that ive wasted a day. so i should  go to work and do something worthwhile 
i want the photos from the 3-day-die-at-the-end-fest but chiara's got them all and has gone to a wedding so won't have them til tomorrow 
these mountains make my gas light go bye bye weal fast 
the formula one 2002 game just came through letter box so has amused the boys for an hour- sun shining but microeconomics revision for me 
doing nothing at the church coffee morning. nobody wants their face painted 
wonderful sunny day all windows open ...some twat playing loud crap music 
@TriDewanti yes, monday baby! ah u remind me that stupid subject, u break my mood  haha
I think it is royally unfair that having spent a day drinking nothing but sparkling water, my body's in hangover mode  Too much sun...
wishes i could find my camera cord thing to upload my picks of one night stand on to my comp 
wine + baileys = very ill + one lost day = dehydrating + being sent home from work  bad bad baaaaad times
a week has passed since my last drunken episode and someone came here to  tell me about my drunken behavior  guys get over it!
ah need to tidy my room going to cricket tomorrow with jakes parents am looking forward to it, dont know what to wear though 
hi, what a glorious day. shame my garden looks like its been in the middle of the blitz, no where to sit 
is working in the concession stand all day. sad tonight wont be happening cause i wanted to see everyone again 
@cidermaker morning! yeah the garden is good. but we've guests staying over so house needs to be cleaned too  bit of mad day ahead!
@ms_cornwall oh look at that sun outside  have a fantastic barbecue and raise a sausage to us working today...
straightening my hair in this heat is killing me. today sucks. i need to get out of this house or i may lose my mind 
Having clinicals til ten at night &amp; then having them again at 7am all the way in san dimas is too much  good thing my dad offered to d ...
had such a good time last night even though i do have a huge cut on my foot from some woman treading on me and scraping her heel down it 
what a gorgous day pity im spending it scrubbing my oven n packing 4 the big move 
I'm going home 2moro  sad times!but at least can celebrate at the summer ball 2nite!bring on pendulum!
Last soccer games this morning.  They're at the same time, sadly: N and I can't both watch both.  
@zelroid I hope the package gets sent soon so my mom will shut up - She thinks at this point you conned me out of a trade  I trust you.
great day for a kids softball game...oh wait, it was canceled due to rain yesterday  now I'll actually have to be productive.
@dantmo haha aw! just in time for me to leave for the whole summer  july 18th, nassau coliseum, come visit meee! 
@endamaria I'm good thanks, just pissed off about not winning the ticket this morning, and the whole summit thing  what have you been up 2
2 tball games this morning and the sun is blazing! I'm gonna get burned 
Aww  i haz a sad. my friend stuey just moved out, and i spent ages in kate's room watching her pack (she's going tomorrow)
clean up and moving prep day sweet... please distract me 
I went to bed at 4am and i swear every weekend my parents barge into my room, turn on the light and wake me up. Its only 9 
I missed a friend's birthday blowout. keep getting sick at night because of the hot 'n cold weather. 
no cracker barrel this morning  but there will be a cookout with my family tonight...no matter what! unless they suggest cracker barrel
Has lovely hand marks over her back from trying to apply my own suncream  need a hot suncream boy!...6 sleeps til home!!
has just returned from the woods... beautiful day but very difficult to do take pictures without lovely gorilla pod 
what an exhausting day ! went to cheer rehearsal then off to ps then pim huaaahhhh.. my knee still hurts 
erg! the beaches are perfect back home today  gville hang out plz!
Pit stop delivers news I did not want to hear. Discountinued sofa, last day to order the 4th   http://yfrog.com/0k4kjj
@drealoveslife oh thank you! i know, i wish you could've been there too  hope you've been having a lovely day and night whatever you do! x
Headding out to my golf tournament wish me luck, it's a 3 hour drive... And I've still got this terrible cold 
@anniemacdj are you having fun in the sun honey? i'm in the studio til 1am... missed it all minus the walk to the tube  roast 2mrw @ours?
 ugh this week can't get worse after being packed in my suitcase my ipod display broke some how! :,-( I hate when things break!
I fell asleep on my glasses last night and now they're all bent out of shape.  my monitor is still broken. Knotts today.
@burghseyewife i want to but im running errands all weekend non stop. while yinz are drinking i'll be grocery shopping  have one for me!
 my dog might have cancer. cheering myself up with night at the museum 2,green tea and love.
@anca_foster ahh, yeah, cold is TheSucky.  I'm doing fine--it's sunny &amp; hot out, but I'm stuck inside editing video all weekend. :\
sick yesterday, getting a little better today...caught some kind of bug or something from my 4 year old 
critical mass chicago was okay last night, front of pack too fast made problems as cars raced into gaps; also, all route was old hat 
showered. back's in pain  group meet at 1pm. hungry, sort of.
Oh lord, good morning twitpeeps! I don't know why but I'm feeling like a jitterbug today. The nerves!  my tummy hurts!
It's a nice sunny day here. I want to do something so bad but I'm kinda sick! 
Ahhh twits I'm charging my phone in the bathroom right now at the camp site  I miss society but this is to fun haha breakfast time
everyone has left for topgolf and i am stuck not going  lets go day, pick up the pace
Wtf i need to go home n get dress for this party argghhh i still have to go buy an outfit not enough time in this day 
Feels extreeemely sick and has way too much homework. No 3D movie or fun in the sun today  my tummy hurts 
Lovely day of fence-painting in the sunshine.  Now planning garden jobs for tomorrow. Should think about school at some point too 
Man can go to the moon - yet we still haven't solved how to prevent a room service club sandwich from going soggy 
happy birthday louise! yesterday was fun. and today's water fight was a laugh. school in a day and a bit 
knowing i have to work tonight puts me in a horrible mood  and im hungry what a horrible day!
@redsuze I've a doozy on inner thigh that looks like the first sign of turning into a zombie. If my whole leg's like it in the morning... 
@mrigali sounds like a fun day despite the loss. I opt'd for yard and house work myself. 
i miss the boy.  looks like an afternoon in the park with col and then an early bedtime. sad face.
wore heels to the mall today... not the smartest thing... my feet kill! 
Driving past the lake on the way to work is like a fucking tease on such a beautiful day. 
going to the store because we need food to feed the boys. i'm in sucha funk these days 
I LOVE chocolate,but the choco. bar i want is no longer available and i never got a chance to take a good bite 
100 sit-ups this morning!! a whole 225g of doritos just now  hard work gone to waste
so tired...played 4 half hour lax games super duper fun, won 2 lost 2, still so tired, didnt win anything in raffle 
just got off top thrill dragster. awesome as always. millennium force closed for the day. 
haven't tweeted today, and i needed something to do with my hands. while writing this my cup blew over and is now dirty 
sat out in the sun for an hour....nope..part of me is still light as a ghost. 
Bad fucking hair day.  different states require different products. And I failed.
Something in my apartment keeps giving me a headache every single day...can't figure out what it is...hope it's not lethal 
Hanging with my still pretty darn sick bride, cancelled plans for the weekend and hoping it gets easier for her soon.  
@MrPaulEvans lol I had his sis come get me... I've been sittin in the room chillin all day..  lol
hey whats upp i am at cedar point right now and rode like everything today including top thrill dragster but millenium force broke down 
@summer_eyes LOL I was JUST about to tweet about how there was a really hot girl at the stop light next to me  whoops!!
may not make it to andys 2moro ca oly get to dublin round 12...this depresses me dam work and desertion by friends so dear  good/bad night
poor caris. her eyes are still red from spilling a thing of party bubbles in her face like an hour ago.    #fb
contemplating staying up and freaking out or going to sleep and imagining my freak outs - i don't think either is good 
I got a lot done today, the garage is full of stuff to sale. I miss my daddy though, I haven't seen him in a week. 
@JennysMyName hahah gag i hate taco bell! and no sadly i didn't get to go it was a school night for me and about a 5 hour drive 
Not a good day for our old dog - refuses to eat anything - never been through this before - so tough to watch 
skipping out on white trash trailer bash to watch garden state and fall asleep early. my head is pounding. i need a snuggle.. 
@kimberlaaaay We got a whole bunch of leftover donation bagels for the service day so they were gonna throw it away. 
why do girls get mad on silly stuff - the fight was bout not loving a singer she loves - how silly could it get .. day 3 no calls nor sms 
So close 2 getting my tatt 2day but we got 2 the tatt shop a wee bit 2 late!  looks like next weekend!
where when we packed like sardine's!!! any way yea day 26 was fucking banging and i love them all but brian aint come to my side too much 
@keemgreene uhmm maybe another night! lol I jus got back from a 16 hour train ride today I need some rest  lol
@xivyy idk sorry  i was digging through folders &amp; found it &amp; thought, hey why not go pink for a day &amp; blind the people that visit my page.
had a good dinner with friends and got a bit distracted from the worries until the bill came...i hate being broke 
@SophiaF3F3 i wish u was there girl!  these girls dont understand they act like they love day 26 but mad of them were ther for bow wow :/
not feeling good  going to bed then working a double tomorrow with a small break to stop by the cousin's grad party!
does anyone watch nip/tuck? will i get totally confused if i start w/ season two? seem to have all of that but none of 1  stupid library
:: going to burn extra damn calories tomorrow after eating junk food. All the work out this week was gone by 15 minutes junk pleasure. 
gone are the days of sunday lay ins!   toddlers do not understand the need for a lie in!
I was in the sun all day. Now I have &quot;coon eyes&quot;.Vans thinks its hilarious..!!  
is thinking about spending sometime in the british sun coz got another lovely day, still feeling a bit 
There were kids in the front row of the upper level dancing to the hoedown throwdown. the movie was a bit emotional at times. lol i cried 
morning! aahhh how rude- charice has taken @gfalcone601 's spot as ms twitterworld!  vote vote vote
@Janefonda last day   hope to see the photos of the hip and joint operations and a blow by blow of your recovery and rehab
Tweeps, I woke up way to early this morning, and I miss my crazy pretzel man 
Peein' ass sons of a motherless goat. Peein' every chance y'all get. A 10 minute stop for gas is lasting 20 minutes+ 
family knocked for 6 by annoying tummy bug - and on a gorgeous sunny bank holiday weekend. oh the injustice 
omg how shit can today be? gahh!! perfect weather and conditions for the perfect summer day.. but its nothing to get excited about 
I don't want david tennant to leave  stay forever. man doctor who is an amazing show. calls for marathons on the holidays &amp; i cant wait 
lovely day outside, awesome weather and perfect for sitting around in in the garden, but I'll be in the library. yay 
Morning everybody, my laptop was kinda gay this morning so i didn't get a chance to tweet  but now it's all good!
@adrateia man!  i hate that you do. i feel like a need therapy sessions after dreams that make me sweat and cry!
i mean, i can DO healthy eating if i'm home where i can just sit with a salad and nom all day, but the real world gets in the way 
@jack_of_clubs la roux is not good.fact!she better not be the sound of summer   u going down the beach 2day??x
watch chef master, the doctor, unpack our shoping, expense log .. now iroooooning .. hiks 
@ckrysteena oh darn I can't I have two sessions tomorrow sorry lady!  I do have time for dinner or a lunch, but not time to drive up 
Suns out...i think i'll go sit out and read/draw....no walking for me today my feet hurt  lol
after last nights bbq my garden looks like glasto post festival 
@neon_cake nobody should be revising on a day like this! but sadly... these practise papers won't finish themselves 
brought some cider in asda... REALLY want to sit in the sun, relax &amp; drinky.. but exam tomorrow  will be half way through after it tho!
'thought for the day' ..... room temperature soya milk isnt nice 
3 reasons to go to a wedding: 1) you're in the wedding party. 2) meet cute, single guys. 3) open bar! none of these applied last night 
3 day mini-trip to japan nearly over  took myself out for dinner in small place and managed to order ok  about to start packing...
woke up with the cold/hayfever think iv gone through a box of tissues already :*( i was mean to go to the beach today 
Thanks to everyone who offered their moving skills, but we finally finished 15 hours later.  @jeja6 so sore, stretching didn't work 
My friend @sarahdal has taken to posting a bird fact every day. A duck's quack does echo; byebye potential military stealth duck army. 
A wake hit my boat and now I'm going side to side  it's scaring me! But I'll be fine LOL
going to play xbox even tho its a real nice day out side but yet again not doing anything 
i have nothing to do today except study and homework. i thought i had a life but it is in question if that is my plans for the weekend. 
Anyone knows a good program to make high quality gifs? I've been searching all day and I can't find any! 
@unahealyfan Aww man! I have 2 exams tomorrow!! Theres no way ill get there in time I finish at 3.35!! 
woke up studied, went to hyde park, studied, played for frisbee and football. Now back home to guess what, yes more studying 
@HoodenersHorse getting better, was really swollen yesterday had it wrapped in ice for a few hours...  still a bit swollen and bruised!
@alexalltimelow if u guys have nothing on this week come visit me at school. seing as I can't visit you 
time to clean   these people don't clean up after themselves! tired of seeing toothpaste around the sink, the rug wet and just plain dirt!
@jordanknight When are we finishing the guess-the-person game from last night? I have to go into the office today 
@JessicaNTurner ugh! I think it's the weather I had one all last week  feel better friend!
just thinking of the idea makes me feel sick  i need to find 'hard faced bitch' evening classes...
lazy sunday glamour bath before work. hoping i have time to make stuff today since i used my only free time last night to write a paper! 
nothing still don't know what to do with my hairs  Ahh I did the biggest mistake of my life! ahh homework to do! tomorrow hospital!
hate parents &gt; all they do is cause arguments :O there anoying me big time !!  on the bright side , its roasting today , all surnburnt 
going to try to stay away from the computer most of the day. pretty sure my grandpa let my cat out while i was sleeping 
is at sun valley for the last time before moving  I'm gonna miss this amazing church!!!!
working till 6 then moving out of my apt.  goodbye 2 great years of hospitality!
i absolutely hate homework. when father outs on top gear it just distracts me from gravitational potential energy  i burnt my nose
wants a picture with taylor swift badly  one day ill get it!!
Feels so bad I couldn't get a ride to westens show last night  trying to figure out my synth case color layout and design today:gold?
figured out facebook issue. have to go dry my hair.  graduation party today. took dog on walk. love the sun and warm.  allergies bad 
spent the day stuck in the house cleaning and its sooo warm outside 
woke up with a swollen throat...awesome.   spending the day in my basement with movies.
faint - linkin park. (this ish get's me every time!) 
@helloval no idea, it's ridiculous and everyone's unhappy  it's even warm at night.
spent time with friends, blogging, soft drink, reading, watching tv, spicy biryani....day is about to end 
hung out with mom last night while she scrapbooked my pictures. I planned all these tricks to make her mad and none of them worked. 
Lets see if I can manage to avoid bursting another innertube and try my 15km again, minus the walking stage! This heat hurts 
has had a successfull day of revising french in the sun and catching a slight tan... it's not all about being fair skinned 
@VioletVirus i won't look good salsa-ing!!  too skinny to salsa! full-figured woman would look nicer salsa-ing away...long time no see!
WHY. why. for the second day in a row is there no water in the street? I wanna wash my hairrrrrr. 
This morning @ppparasol moved out. No amount of Snuggies can make this apartment feel whole again. 
have been mucking about with my dog until he got a bit wound up and started tearing the heads off daffodils. very tired. school tomorrow 
@DWsRoseC to me, meeting them is the best part! can't wait! yes f for pitts was including the pit so it was abcdef  6th row! fucking pit 
misses having dstv on nights like this..it also doesn't help having a fine at the local dvd store  no more dvd's till payday.going to bed
This seems to be the weekend for sore and injured backs and necks amongst the folks I follow. 
is already missing a certain someone  hmmppffff oh well new moon trailer in the morning 
spent a glorious day at woodhead, by the river with the family... still maybe a little bit on the red side.. 
Man, i haven't played my cello in a week and a half, and now i play during worship and my fingers start hurting  
About to start packing for Woodlands - my baby is going off to summer camp for the first time tomorrow.  How did he grow up so fast? 
had the best day in the sun today got a bit wet thow LOL!  doin my geo homework now oh no   xx
There's something kind of mean making me cover a golf tourney on such a nice day. I wish I was playing! 
Enjoying biking for pleasure again rnot just commuting, shame all my gear is shagged or too small these days  Leathers must've shrunk eh !
Ugh....I've had a slice of pizza to eat in the last 2days &amp; that's it....my stomach is acting crazy.... 
I wish I had a free ticket to the sold out no doubt/paramore show that is taking place less than 10 minutes from my house tonight 
@SongoftheOss An excellent weekend, only let down by the fact that work beckons tomorrow, for I and my good lady 
I love my understanding girlfriend, just finish cover pages and assignment, no longer at michelle's  another week at the academy tomorrow
can't take the pill anymore. It makes me light headed and nauseous every morning, which leads to major mood swings. Not good 
pls don't make me go to the school tomorrow.... the girl with Starbucks in her hand, big shirt, gladiator shoes and bored face is back 
spent the whole day studying in the garden because it was sunny for once- got no tan although it was sunny &amp; i didnt learn much chemistry 
@allan1850 I have a thing with my benes where it comes out of my pre tax earnings. But I left that card at home 
just sitting out my back garden with my sister and on my laptop hee hee but the only thing is i did get all sun burned 2day 
on my way to catch some sun....all i need is my vodka &amp;&amp; coolers but the kiddies are w. so no go 
done nothing all day but watch movies. cuzzie wuzzie grad party was cancelled she insanly sick 
hello everyone. been out most of the weekend, i'm shattered. and have a sore head 
caught in the rain on the way home... and without daisy of love... booo 
going 2 watch family guy. need to go to bed soon, have maths exam 2moro morning 
@themomjen our oldest pit is 13, we are very afraid this is his last summer with us  poor old man. if you have any pit ?'s you can email
is trying to cool off from helping dad hang up concrete board, all day, in 90 degree weather.... 
Another hot day tomorrow argg! I'm going to melt. This also means lots of shouty customers with knackers machines 
My city has a massive boring gray skin...I hope I can paint big chunks of it...last night attack was fine but I need my homie boy with me 
needs gto make friends with someone who can read japanese so i can play the new miles edgeworth game! not out in europe til next year 
Dreading going to the slave ship tomorrow. Guranteed to be busy. No time for twitter for sure. 
I have a lot of fun doing a hotel party with a 13 year old. But somehow they have still the same  energy to live...peeps my age don't 
omfg , wanted to go out today but now i can't because i have to stay home, rest, and drink warm water 
missing the mid america canoe race next weekend dj a grad party for a friend   boo.
last good meal for 2 weeks, damn south beach diet  haha
@geekachu he's a numpty - move hopefully next weekend now @mark32i5b been helping me with flat pack stuff all day 
Working the rest of the night  someone come visit and give me a hug or two
@wumples oh you poor thing!  I had a couple of impressive sneeze attacks today.
My phone decide it was too hot today in th desert &amp; took a swim in th toilet  he wasn't wearing his wet suit. He is now dying kinda. boo.
@madeofhoney1  no crying day. i love you. we all went swimming after brunch. i miss you so much. we gonna go get dinner i miss you so much
planted a bunch of stuff today in long pants, t-neck and sweatshirt .... brrrr ... not a good day to play in the hose   was 30 last night.
went to the bingo tonight... sooo close to winnin the link up... one number away... but someone else got it 
i have a feeling im going to miss R/K on the red carpet  dinner in a few minutes.
what a boooring day!hate go to the mall and don't buy anything 
Myspace wouldnt let me watch the trailer.   just packed for trip got to go take a shower.
time for a cool off/shower then on to something to eat ... haven't eaten at all since this morning  
just logged in after playing drake's fortune all day. i'm hooked  http://plurk.com/p/xhjsz
Just got out of the hottub so I can take a shower/get ready for school tomorrow 
naptime....taking a break from drinking for a bit.....I need a vacation in chi town 
@Clumsyflic good luck for tomorrow! true i've revised loads, but i honestly don't feel prepared!  10 hours of ineffective revision! x
@ddlovato omggg i love you girlyyyy! i miss you and the rest of the camp rock cruuu  !
how much longer can I put off cleaning my room?hmm, I'll go play with the dogs and eat dinner, seriously, that will kill about 1/2 hr, 
@thepurple8 yes, that is a smart way to look at it... and seriously, how am I supposed to pack a week's worth of clothes in carry on?! 
@mrfresh0587 lol. startin stuff already! so what time r u playing bball? i really wanted to go to the movies to watch night at the museum 
I think I'm gonna try 2 start cleaning once a week so it won't be such a chore   bout 2 curl up w/ a good book like @miawoods2005.
Get bored at home, fiddle something in the lab, forget your keys, and frustrate fellow grads for help::The worst way to end your weekend 
okay, off to bed, got class in the morning 
@AllTimeCassie i know but i wish they could  just like each day have the hustlers meet at the gk tent and then party on the bus.  i wish
back to normality this morning. kind of a come down 
My fave comfort food tonight, rare steak, creamed mash and vincotto jus, before my girl goes away tomorrow  for a few weeks 
Wish I had time for my walk over london bridge this morning as it would be stunning, but alas the cyclists slowed my bus down too much 
charity towers is very hot this morning.  pity we don't have air-con 
snack and this hills! pool tomorrow. sisters gone for a week and im lonely 
bed time well not really im going to my room to sing and dance and cry and txt but night for anyone who care i dont think anyone does bye 
on way home. paintings a poop to carry. starving but penniless  hate it when this happens. so app. semester brk is 6 weeks? 
My goodness I hurt today!! Feels like someone was beating my back with a baseball bat 
Waves good morning to her special friends xx hope you have sunshine cause we sure dont been raining 3 days  back to  work for me
up nice and early for another day in the sun must clean my car though it has cobwebs on it now 
I fell in a puddle today......in front of everyone  lucky when i got home i had a pic comment from the hottest guy ever!!!
sooo craving for some wine &amp; pizza.... dayum this 2 week plan 
after the gym tonight I realised I need to go to the doctors about the ankle I sprained a month ago. doesn't feel/look normal 	aw
I'm in so much pain from my sunburn...second day not being able to put anything near my shoulders 
Is having brekkie at the bagel shop again but is hoping not to be a tourist attraction today. Last full day of wgt 
im loving this sunshine. shame i have lots of things to do this afternoon and i cant go outside and enjoy it by relaxing on the grass 
Ah at last  just wanted to say was up most of the night after a dodgy BBq spare ribs from local take a way  So who's all on here?
@one_sweetlove aw boo  I had a bad throat yesterday..must be a twin thing ;) get better soon love! &lt;3
@lauraamysmith mine is on the outdoor classroom. What's yours on? I'm sorry to say things don't get any clearer near the end  am so stress
:-/...A lot on my mind...had a rough start this morning due to eyes being swollen shut from crying so much last night...*sighs* 
had to reformat hard drive ovr weekend  but gives me opportunity to rebuild list of podcast i listen to - recommendations anyone?
hi everyone when i said i wanted a day off didnt mean in pain with my back 
I keep meaning to wear my nice white capris to work but it's always like forty degrees in the morning  
spent 1hr @ council this am, have made more Russian doll test pieces, gonna eat dinner then go to work &amp; miss all the sunshine 
I started my new exercise thing yesterday, I did 30 mins of pilates and some wii fit and can't sit down properly now 
*sigh* hit on harrrrd this morning at store and followed to parking lot.  I need a huge stick-on wart for my forehead. 
Feeling a bit low today, sent off tons of job apps but not heard anything  I need to get out in the sunshine I think!
@sharoda gr8 buds paper all done! I was bone tired after gym yesterday  slept like a log at 9pm!
flu, in geometry, three classes then last classes start tomorrow!  last full ACE day today. thank god. feel like poop though 
@jbranigan - new comp set-up, files! changes! a whole mess of stuff!!  Has to be done &amp; today's the day...will check in when I can. And U?
It IS NOT going 2 b a good traffic day! But in light of many more serious issues in the world like plane crash (  ) I'm not gonna complain
The only draw back to the weekend was the fact that my little princess has been so sick, I'm taking her back to the doctor again today. 
@ammatusk unless boy decides to have a nice nap, I'm S.O.L &amp; I still have to go to the bank &amp; get the bills done today too  craptastic.
Another afternoon of nothing in the garden beckons. Have to make the most of it before more barber tour starting wed 
@miss_sarah_dee Aww for the sunburn  you'd rather have the sun though right? Although a cool day is much nicer 
wish I could start this day over. woke up with headache, missed boot camp as a result, stomach is iffy, and my commute was 1 hr 15 mins. 
@MPWastingMorn swoon swoon swoon! I'm going 2 watch it again later, while #treadmill. kids r home 4summer break, so have 2 wait til nap. 
My roomate just sold his bike, so now our house is bikeless!!  sad sad day
@mariap91 haha, everybody has an opinion. you got summer hols already? im just bummin round lazy today. back to work tomoz. sucks  x
why must there be an air crash days before i fly out? let me make sure i have all your numbers just in case goodbye calls are in order. 
dad's lurking around.......seems like i'll hav to wait till night fall 2 watch d muvee 
@CasioKayleigh I spent the whole day in the sun yesterday and didna get a bit o a tan; had on suncream tho 
is hurting on the inside but trying to be happy on the outside  i think im depressed. but summer starts after 11:55 tomorrow so thats good
well this is lots of fun, what a great start to the week.  attempting to crawl back into bed...
eye liner -check, kill ozone with hairspray- check, last night in chapel hill with tyler  -check, still drunk this morning- check check
freezinggggg in my house! nothing to do today until softball uniform turn in 
took my doggy to the vet this morning.. hope we don't put her down tonight. 
Today is a pretty busy day on our queue, so that's nice - too bad my hunny, @matthewross, is not at home for lunch, that's not so nice 
Lower back hurts today - sure sign of being out of shape again.    When to get back into the gym?
drinking lots of green tea in a bid to keep myself awake! i write one paragraph of notes and then feel stuck and sleepy 
sitting in the sun catching up on my forum news! still cant see the woman spinning the other way! am i missing something!! 
If this is a preview to the rest of the summer's daily weather behavior, I'm moving. @drkish---did you get wet this morning on my bike? 
I need 2 plan &amp; save 4 future trips since my broke ass can't afford anything this summer! 
@jeanettejoy No running today. I collided with 100 lbs of dog over the weekend and I think one of my kneecaps are malfunctioning 
@priddycreations I wrote a $700 check just for cheer last week  If I don't sew non-stop I can't pay for it. So tired of cheer draining me!
i left my house real late last night to buy cookies for a party next period and I completely forgot to bring them today 
i forgot my breakfast and lunch that i made last nite...  sucks... i wanted to save money. i gotta make car payments this week too.
Current theory is that the neighbors were having a beerpong tournament well into the wee hours. J called the cops - we are old and sleepy 
I got soo sunburnd on my shoulders today  Thats the worst thing about the sun.. But i got a really nice tan over the rest of my body
@SongzYuuup me and my honeys came thru to show some love last night...we got bottles and everything and didnt even get acquainted! 
is on lunch so boredd... summer is almost here!! man ppl can be so friggin irritating 
headed to central market and vowing to cook something descent for the rest of the week.  poor Jes  hehe
a quick 28k on the bike tonight, in my invisibility cloak 
burnt back!!   when will i learn?! when reading a book outside....find a bit of shade so you're not in direct sunlight for 4 hours!
weird weird day so far. i cant believe its almost 1230 already. time flys. hope im not working late tonight  
going to be incredibly bored this evening. nothing to do and my brother wont even pay attention to me 
Not looking forward to his utilities bill for this month after all the cold showers and the use of the air conditioner every other night. 
exhausted after an incredible crazy fun weekend visiting the extended family.  fingers crossed delta brings me my luggage today 
back to student halls &amp; an empty fridge tomorrow .. 
wish i had my ipod to listen to my music on the way to reno wednesday, 13 hour trip with no devendra, animal collective or grizzly bear 
So busy today I'm just getting a chance to pee! No lunch for this guy 
hate doctor's appointments. takes forever, yet the actual appointment lasts all of 10 minutes. i want to go to the record store 
@darian99 awe. i wanted to go out last night. honestly! but i couldnt boost a vehicle in time.  we gonna hang today?
That water park wore me out yesterday, I haven't been this sore in some time. 
#flylady ok, lost my motivation after that nap, tea not kicked in yet  have 15 minutes till I have to leave to pick up kids
had fun today with kids but nearly died in the heat i mean it was even hot inside with the air conditioning summer has its disadvantages 
ohhh what a weekend...yummy food at bombers, good times at the bars..pissed about mark and randy being gone 
@nairyd  what happened... hope everything's okayy. p.s. i fb pmed kat to see if she wanted to join us for lunch sometime this week!
@thisiscoco I've never thought of googling the # before! Lol! But it didn't show up 
The only thing I have to show for an hour and a half of work is a disconcerting graph. http://twitpic.com/6eyda. From raw Budget data. 
where the hell is my picture gone, it was fine yesterday, i thought maybe changing it would help but it didnt 
@lindsayatIntuit Unfortunately our station only uses the live link for area sports games that are being announce - bummer, also no taping 
tired of reading the same all the day...conflict of laws...and 300 more pages left...let's go! 
okay! school bag to pack... dreading test but is so much worse in this weather  jeaze louise!
I had to disect a cow heart in science today ..... I have never fealt more guilty that I had spaghetti and meatballs last night 
is a bit exhausted  think I can foretell my day tomorrow in bed my back gah!
been a busy morning. just had a meeting about the trip to copenhagen i will be taking in sept!  super excited! now studio time... 
@djplayboy1 no rain no rainbow no lucky charms no delicious morning breakfast no energy for the day nothing accomplished no happiness 
I'm upset I missed church yesterday  I need a mid-week service like right now! Spirits are definitely kinda low..
i thought paulo was tomorrow  BUT i did have a grand day in ayr. now i have 3rd degree burns and most likely skin cancer.
my roomie for next year just invited me to a baseball game and i had to decline cause i had no way to get to park  oh well - houseparty!
scary stuff. sudden emergency C section at 4pm today, C recovering, baby still in intensive care 
eventually i am NEARLY done packing for flight to barcelona tomorrow!woohoo!burnt nose and cheeks from yesterday 
regrets not being on the fam vacation right now...myrtle beach sounds soooo much better than last days of school. 
FINALLY done with moving... now i need to unpack... dinner with the ladies one last time tonight before everything changes 
most interesting part of my day was having to take a dead crow out of my pool and putting it in the co-op garbage. poor crow drowned 
Wants to spend more time with the parentals but has to miss dinner and movie nights everyday until the 13th. I miss my family 
1.5 hour wait to have my tire repaired and no outlet for my laptop. I'm going to be up all night working on homework 
I'm finally on my way home from berkeley...tis was a good weekend. now to stress over all the studying and final paper preparation that I 
chilling in the condo being bored and missing my better half 
is loving 'how i met your mother'. the show is completely awesome. watching a couple of eps and heading to bed. early start tomorrow 
trying to plan/figure out summer shakedown. aah help shaline get inn 
 not very happy right now .. i hate days like this. maybe ill go get a tub of icecream and eat away my feelings
Finished 50 miles with hill repeats, 3rd hard day in a row, the legs are dead 
@sarzahhh yeah good luck, no one has a day off today 
@beneverson i am  moved home for the summer today. sorry that i didn't say bye, thought id see u this morning or something.
last thing i ate/drank was at 9:10pm. i do nottt wanna give blood tomorrow morning on an empty tummy, save me  so afraid.
@DONTAI01 hey D! that's a shame!! I have 2 more months full of exams  well...good luck 4 tomorrow boy!!!!!
We had a bear outside at work today!!  And I missed it cause I was driving to class   (What crazy bear wanders around downtown??)
yeah i figured that out when put myself in the frezer to try to keep till summer and all i did was spoil the frozen chicken 
ava gave my mom a welcome home present tonight  we had a good day with no puke till then
still awake!!! haven`t had a decent nights sleep in  ages  !!! no chance of gettin to sleep now damn birds are awake &amp;won`t shut up  !!!
@Bolanile she got the ticket for going 58 in a like 40 mph zone. Its the first of the month and he was a state trouper so... 
slept on d couch last night n 4 d 1st time in 6 mnths @nednazri wasn't there to wake me up n move me to my bed 
the hot day made my buttercream frosting an epic fail. No more butter for a redo... wah 
Now it's way too late for baths but the dirt monster has school tomorrow. 
not up to much today...had an awesome lunch now looking for a new place to live... so over living in a big old wallpapered house 
@sapphire_city its ok and your lucky that you still get recess because i dont get recess anymore 
It was horrible night. I was waking up all the time, my stomach hurts me so bad... I can's stand this  I won't go to school today.
@cyril_y  no plans yet. I'll have a busy summer putting up a proper snake cable in the theater.  i'd love to play at deep fried
so I ignored an impression 2 go 2 bed an hour ago and the result was I accidentally deleted the last several posts on StartupPrincess.com 
time for sleep. I have to say goodbye to my tooth tomorrow. this makes me sad 
it's amazing really.. one comment/compliment and your day turns for the better into awesome. too bad its almost bedtime, poo 
Morning up but tired had no down time last night  sorting out the wedding flowers this afternoon just hope I can make a decision
@lauramendon yeah, i know! yay!!! friday off! long weekend! but i'll be stuck indoors doing assignments and homework 
  no hang out with the girls 2day. 2moro, hope so......
I'm not cut out for the design world. I don't have the patience...kill me right now...I'll never make it to the weekend.  /sigh
Having woken up to find my ipod has not magically fixed itself in the night I am going 2 find the time 2 buy a new 1 now! 
woke up to another day......but still feeling so sleepy.....my dad is making lots of noise doing some repair jobs around the house!!!! 
ouch!! so i burned myself twice today!! making a grilled cheese and jus dropped the flat iron and caught it with my thumb!! 
listening to the killers again :3 srry guys forgot you for a while  feeling so bad... well know its sol for hte rest of the day
Morning twitter! Another sunny day. Although, someone told me the sunny spell will be over tomorrow  please tell me this isn't true!
Morning all..another day in the office filled with paperwork  looks lovely out there tho..enjoy if you can....
night loves. hope the sun comes out tmrw! it's been cold/cloudy for weeks now  i wanna go lay out on the beach!!
Home from college, ready to shower n do some pit stop news scripting  oh and clean up my flat  ...
@ekaj3 another garden day here today, shame kids have school though   clothes line is empty..nothing left to wash !!
it,s pants havng to work inside on such a fab sunny day 
DAY OFF woken up feeling rotten...sore throat and achy  going to sunbathe to see if it makes me feel better and day dream about vampires
oh dear! i had a tick yesterday... although i got frontlined only a week ago! mommy's taking me to the vet this afternoon  i better hide!
Not happy that I caught a flu from whoever!needa stay in bed when I wanna b out in the sun all day long 
exhausted from a big day in the office. not keen on doing uni... my back is aching 
@snobcrilla i couldnt get in before close for your street team 
Finally home, going 2 bed sounds like no prison break tommorrow! 
Wow study day  ive been out in my garden so glad to be off  back to exams tomorrow  x
euuugh why is every1 busy today   .. i need a shopping buddy/some one to pass out on in the heat
It is such a lovely day - shame to have to go inside now but as they say &quot;only mad dogs and englishmen go out in the midday sun&quot; 
Couldn't find my glow strip to run this morning  guess it will have to wait till tonight...
Guess I better go get ready to pay some bills. 'Tis that time of morning once again... argh! 
putting together the final things and instruction manual for 'coming of age pack' not feeling very well today 
flight center is crap! im sure my boy is really happy that he has to wait another day till he comes home. 
@britteliz nooo i didnt forget. I had an unwelcomed late night visitor in the middle of a life crisis or some crap. had to calm him down 
my mob has been out of charge all day..  anyway off to tuitions.. hope i dnt feel too sleepy..
You know what kind of day you are going to have when there is a dead kitten in the middle of the road as soon as you get up. 
forgot to tweet on the weekend. whoops. time flys when you're having fun i guess. which must be why this report is making it go so slow. 
@my4brats the hills wear me out, too. I can hardly move today - and have play rehearsal at 10. 
another long day...miss my lizziebear!! need to find a wedding appropriate dress by friday 
juicy!!!! @thee_juice come home  and  morning to @sneakerking and @td973
playing 9ball pool on king.com and waiting 3pm for go see the doctor, i have some fever 
yay 1 week to my birthday sooo hope win wicked lottery the one time i deserve to win lol  but an exam first 
I like this whole sitting in the sun for 10 minutes and gettng a bit of colour malarky.. wish I could sit out for longer 
Goodmorning everyone , up early , many things to attend to today ,, still groggy n sleepy 
my little dog's having surgery now.  i don't get to see her until late tonight.
Off to another day of lunatics @ the asylum. What joy. And I forgot my tranq gun  http://myloc.me/2mc1
shoe choices this week have been dull to say the least, lots of flat gladiators and flip flops 
@savingtime  have you tried setting yourself a limit per night and stuff? its better to do in little portions (y) good good (:
its too hot in here.(office) and toes r sore. tried to order shoes online, wont deliver next day 
Aww in agony today with some serious sunburn  Just back from taking the dog a walk about to do some art studying
thinks I tweaked my back last night, while lifting heavy bags of sand and soil.  yes, I have 2 strong sons to lift, but I was home alone 
Getting a veg box and some fresh crab &amp; ham delivered today. A bit worried about them sitting in the sun for ages if I get stuck at work! 
@toero  i hope your day gets better bb. as a side note, i wish i could go to the beach whenever i was pissed.
good morning everyone! the possum in my back yard finally died  but it scooched its way to the other side of the yard. r.i.p.
been laid in the sun all afternoon shame its gone in now 
ohhh spent way too much time in the sun the last 2 days i am now as red as a tomato  any help on how to stop it hurtin wud b great 
@thepaintedlily did that for the ballston show- forgot this time  the wind picked up my table cloth all my jewelry flew. need to fix that.
heard english woman say today 'when is it going to rain?' We've had nice weather for all of 6 days...down turn starts tmw apparently 
I almost didnt finish my workout this morning! its getting harder, i thought it was supposed to get easier, am i doing something wrong? 
the ride to see houses yesterday was beautiful but i got a migraine probly cuz i didnt have my sunglasses 
school = crap. it was SO hot today i nearly boiled in maths. nearly every window was open and every fan was on but made no difference 
At the library on yet another gloomy day.  Maybe get out for a bike ride between spurts of rain 
Scraping off a huge amount of expensive oil paint after 8 hrs work today...back to square one again! The price of perfection 
today was such a good day. my and my homiiies in dance ate everything with salsa. so funnny. now my stummy hurts 
Nothing's gone right for me today.  wanted to work around house and pressure washer busted and all drills uncharged. &amp; blew fuse can't fix
Contemplating marinated tri-tip for pre-nancing dinner.  Why does the sun come out so late?  
I just got home from a llama show last wknd and now to a day camp uhh wow lol but fun i wont b on much this summ.  busy
swim in the morn @ 6  too early maybe going on a bike ride tomorrow?
is going to miss tv tapings until august..sad times   hasn't even gotten stuff from school yet but has class tomorrow boo
I think its dumb that the speed limit drops 5 mph at night! 
Sadness...it seems I only got about 3-5 decent shots the out of the whole day 
not liking the 8 hour shift at courtyard... so busy! pilates when I get home then sleep. tomorrow philosophy paper time 
@pudditatso IT WAS  a quick walk.. got dark real fast!  but i will have to get used to short walks this week.. no help tomorrow either..
physical therapy in the morning. then i'm coming home &amp; taking a nap. domino hurt his leg again and i have no clue how. he has my luck. 
just got some thai walked in and realized my fly was open and I was commando.. hope everyone enjoyed the show ill be here all week 
It's 9:30 &amp; I'm still at work.  on the bright side- Its too late to eat dinner so I'll have a flat stomach in the morning!
@addieking babysitting  made dinner had drinks/so much fun but missed out big time on @net2no tonight! ughh keep missing out on the crew!!
Already a couple of nice salmon landed on the first morning of the season, but not by me 
if the temp drops below 45 again, someone come save my garden.  I just got the damned things in the ground yesterday.
It's1:17am and I'm extreamly tired had long day of nothing:/ anyways I'll update after I turn into brace face 
was being a kid again and playing pooh stickss after school! but got her shoees soaking wet  ... and her socks
More laundry fun tonight after work in preparation for tons of cute Scottish boys..... With bad teeth 
omg my back still herts i didnt even do anything to it   maybe i just slept in the wrong position last night....
no matter what you believe there will never be that perfect stock photo - I have this particular issue this morning 
Where the hell my diamond ring gone, 2 day searching for it and still cant find 
Laying here troubled by the events of this evening that left my glorious beard in a state of disarray that necessitated shaving. 
beddy times, work in the morning  sad monkey
What a night. I try to be the nice guy and stay sober, and end up sleeping on my own floor due to drunk girls. 
i'm going to need a new pair of hands by the end of preliminary - geez this homework and essays will be the death of me!  save me!
The suns out again - what a bonus! lots to do today and problems over night with systems 
its raining like crazy here in manila. traffic's bound to be super horrible again. sigh... what i wouldnt do to stay all day in bed. 
need to go 4 a wedding this month end - it feel so weird whn ppl arrange my airport/hotel pickup and drop, stay - like to do it myself 
@everything_i_am lol yup I do...it was supposed to be my off day but my boss asked me to open one of the stores  at least ill be off by 5
needs a big warm hug to make it thru the day!  http://plurk.com/p/y38hj
Has to go back into uni to borrow out a disk for psychology. The library is super creepy at night... 
finishing my textiles folio, such a freaking waste of time. textiles exam tomorrow  soon, it will be over! yay!
The day started so well, i was even in a good mood..... and then ..... it's all gone pear shaped  .... get me outta here!!!
regretting wearing shorts now, i was fooled into thinking it would be warmer today  goose-bumpy legs are not a good look
@casa_tyr That is bad news  I always find a coffee lowers my blood pressure (or at least calms me down a little), that is a shame 
My face is red, sore, sneezy and leaky. I look and feel a state. How on earth did I JUST NOW get hayfever after 26 years? 
@warrenparkinson err... no    don't tell me. I'm down to one double shot a day and I *do* love it so
completely killed my hand after my history gcse, but still have to go in for french listening this afternoon  gilmore girls break first 
i have a horrible feeling my cans and caps won't arrive in time for fridays departure ... 
Ah,this is the part of the morning I hate most: hair done, face washed, breakfast eaten, time to put on clothes. 
Hayes. im going to cedar point over the summer. but my parents dont want to go down to ki afterwards... 
@simonwilder yeah i'm going there this afternoon.  taking deep breaths that play will refund.  loads else to do though too 
had a great time last night.....spirit event was fun...saw lots of people...but didnt get cotton candy 
in college till half 2 then up to the hospital  someone talk for like an hour and half?
doing art while watching season 6 of family guy! should be out in the sun 
boy got that iv done in time last night, I was sick after that, hamburger, fries and coleslaw don't taste good the 2nd time around 
yesterday my brother told me I ate way too much carbs.. and this morning my mommy gives me a bagel.  ate half of a half of the bagel. :p
@IrishMel21 still not sleep well  have you thought of taking something? D will sometimes take the over the counter sleep aides - they do
@eve76 me neither bubs 
busy start to the  day  at least somone made what tastes like super caffinated coffee
@TheTonyAwards there's only One day left in your contest and my 2 pics were never put up. 
Today sucks balls, last night had major argument with 2 housemates who don't want to pay bills fairly and now my friend is moving away 
My sweet 13 year old pug had a seizure this morning  ..but everything is ok now!!
@Javaguy @ruskybaby mine was dispatched this morning. poor show java  Where'd you order yours?
i need to get me some sleep so i can last the weekend!! good thing i can sleep on planes!! oh wait i have to study 
It's ment to rain the rest of the week! I wish it would stay hot and sunny for a bit longer 
@parisrouzati not now that I have a blackberry storm. Its way too slow when you hang up and and call back  I tried yesterday lol
@willtompsett it's all girls in the office today n they're not the sort to slip a fiver in your stocking top 
@Audarshia What do you do with your hair when you're in yoga? I had the darndest time managing mine with bikram 3-4/week 
I had coffee this morning but all its done is make me more tired. The bb's not wanting her 1st nap anymore..  its time 4 a routine change.
@maryannyi ya last night was good.. it was like cupcake world war 3... we even had to mop lol but i w as sad u didnt get to be there 
running low on sleep this week... caught the flu bug brrrrr, sneezing a lot 
Wow, crazy morning with meetings, shoots etc. No time to tweet 
Wishing I had jewelry.  I hope the person who stole all mine is enjoying it because my summer wardrobe isn't as cool without it 
@K_night4me the leg will be ready, but the guy who's doing it is on vacation most of next week so i can't go get it 
remembereds this morning I have to go to a 6.30 meeting at school, re youngest starting reception...oh bugger! 
@futureruby any tips on finding cheap/free parking? the hotel wants $21/day 
im in need of a pick up...the soggy outside is makin me soggy inside 
@SBlove_crafts they were campaigning outside the school on the bell this afternoon.   thankfully more kids picked the ice cream van.
Test wasn't so bad now on the do list that escort  and a couple of labs 
thinks it is like he is living above  a god damn day care. I hate my apartment.  why must these children scream and cry all the time......
in court starving like marvin anxiously awaiting my short happy hr break &amp; the weekend at least three cases tomorrow 
@RhiannonKCTV5 i want 2 move 2 a condo downtown but the wife doesnt    ill get her 2 change her mind soon
pulled weeds out of the garden this morning.. man i really hate that job! its the worst part of my summers! 
I cant believe i had to pay $2 for a perfectly good text book. Others returned worse and paid less. I wanted ice cream 2day. guess not 
@horseyhands I was watching the hunter rings for a bit yesterday. love the trees. sorry the rain has put a damper on things 
 i have to go into school tomorrow to sing, and babysit before that. when will i find time for the sims 3?! i'm going to cry!
The same person has been in my dreams for the past 3 nights in a row. I wish that would really stop 
okk twitter break for a while, at least untill tomorrow!! i need a break otherwise i will be addicted to it!! (nooo good) 
growing up is such a pain. dads given me a whole lot of bank paperwork for me to do in the night 
im so tired. and i dont feel good. and i just want to sleep for the rest of the day but i cant cause i have senior night. 
feeling a little sick hopefully i'll be better tomorrow for my earth science practical part of the regents 
is still studying..  can't wait for my kinesiology session this afternoon... so need it... maybe then i'll have a bath and wine..
at the last minute we went 2 sea world. didn't plan right, so i didn't take a snack    we went to buffet afterwards (bad). i was hungry
YAYY! home at last! everything done for the day!  got my needle! ouch! 1 more in 4months  atleast now i wont get cervical cancer!  lol
sleeping over at the southern hills hospital tonight. my grandma doesnt feel well.  
took my baby 2 get her shots 2day she needed lots of hugs &amp; kisses but glad we got it over with!! 
cleaning up dog throw-up = great preparation for kids ... miss p doesn't feel too hot today 
chillin.. maybe take a nap.. another long boring day.. really wish someone would call for an interview 
plan for the day- sleep asap, up at one, back to work at 3. Yay 4 me. 
Looks like it's time for a mid-morning break, so I can go help @JoeDomeier fix the backed up kitchen sink *yuk* 
laying out, listening to music, reading the wedding by n sparks..could life be any better? wake later though 
i guess god needed any angel 2day rest in paradise auntie 
@unique317 - a stouffers panini that i usually like.  turkey club.  but it was not good.    i wanted taco bell or moes anyway.
why the hell is this shoot all the way in oak brook on such a sunny, warm day? i wanna hit the beach 
@YelpOC It's a shame the event within walking distance happens to be about crafts.  
I am just about to throw my toys out of the cot!! How come the guys teit pics are gone already...no fair   *stamps her foot*
@piginthepoke enjoy food, pint &amp; feet up! sorry to hear about the 4th 
@allissmith haha yeah 2day was 2 B end-o-year fun day stdnt/tchr kickball game, wtrblln toss comp., 5-8th watergun fight but it rained 
I'm tired, had to do a 24hr ride lastnight, few calls while I was sleeping 
hates it when restaurants add gratuity, and leave space for tip. I double tipped last night cos light was so dim, and I was too tipsy 
I think I will actually buy a bathing suit this year. For some reason I really feel like swimming. I just hate having to try them on 
I am exhausted from keeping up with kids all day, and my voice is shot. Yes I can yell louder that 12 classrooms, but now I pay 
Still playin nurse to a household of sickies ,what a great way to start the weekend 
laundry, it's not even mine   but tonight is one of the two gay dance events a month.... vt is so lame most of the time
@TXAng99 yeah, quite the mess. and of course, i pitched a fit and yelled at him. so now i feel bad and have to go apologize. bad day. 
@isalou no there sister club in execter...  spend the day putting posters up allll over town. lol lame! didnt get paid, just free booze
just got on and now im kinda bored.... went to the doctor today for a check up and i got a shot  it didn't hurt but it did later 
done my left leg in today at the gym 
@zetas @JacksonWages @action_jay @TuxOtaku @JackAwful @MCal27 @drandolph  Thanks for your kind wishes.But man, what a bad day 
Goddammit, I actually really wanted to go to the gym today, of all the days to hopelessly lose my locker lock.  
@SingingIvy5 yeah girl almost there almost! i want to have energy for the girlies tomorrow although we won't have any sun 
@Flatkin nice nice. i'm gonna see it sunday....hungover (all day bar crawl tomorrow) 
About to eat then off to see the wise man. Prolly gone try to get something cracking tonight. I am not even prepared for summer school 
@esmitty22 girl I'm sittin here deciding if I wanna go still bc my flight doesn't leave til 8 but its suppose to storm all weekend 
My puppy ate a bone so we had to give her stuff to make her throw up now she's throwing up stomache acid! Its been like 10minutes...aww  
Why everyone get haircut on friday am here all week but everyone come down on friday I need a break 
won't be going out for walkies before bed tonight, the splashy heavy rain monster is outside waiting t get me and i'm scared 
Its so gross out. And jersey pride is this weekend. But I'm in no mood to be around people.  but after a lot of drinks maybe I will.
wanting to play street fighters, but ericks being mean and playing fall out 
Just took a nice walk up and down the road with the hubs...moo-cows weren't out tonight 
i blame being stuck at home to the never ending rain and the Ah1n1 virus that seems forever.   
Long busy day  good thing i ate the best sushi
recovering from a long sea and anchor and very, very busy watch...time to get ready for duty section training  boo...
tip of the day: as chap as it is, dollar store shower gel is not a good bargain. i look like i have chicken pox 
I've been carless all day and studying for my SATs in the morning, someone plz come visit and rescue meeee 
man, my friends suck.  no one is partying tonight. and i stayed in last weekend. oh well! gonna go watch some belly dancing later 
I think I have the baby bird warm now. I'll have to stay up all night making sure it's still warm. Its head looks like it's been bleeding 
What today is friday man I'm so lost lol! anyway this rain is killing my mood nothing else to do but to chill at home watch some tv 
just did dishes that had been sitting in my sink for over a week, my kitchen was starting to smell, ughh since when do i live like a guy? 
@amf7 No booze, just me! And I'm a shorty. But badly broken foot in 02 means no high heels 
Whippping up my favorite after-the-climb meal, sloppy joes #nomnom And I didn't even #climb today 
My day is not really going so well.. maybe its the weather maybe its the fact that I ate another steak sandwich 
is it just my twitter messing up? im kinda border line raging right now. not a good start to the long weekend i have waited so long for 
Into work that is  sidenote: I've been gettn great durning the day. If u block out every bit of the sun ur body will neva kno it daytime
Feeling so ill think I have to give my @pink ticket to friends sister  was so looking forward to it since last year
ahhh friday! what a week. youngest girl is sick with temp.  glad to come home to such a lovely wife.  postponing work till tomorrow night.
feet are killing me. worked all day and am now moving furniture and other household heavy items.  no fun. I want sleep!
errr um... day 10 over. did absolutely nothing  ill chalk it up to being a full rest day. ill do some push ups before bed, or something
has done jacck all day!! misssing playing soccer it's beeen 3 weeks!!   i want to do something fun tonight !!
Cats now been missing for a week  think hes packed his bags and left home..
my job today included patrolling the grounds with a flashlight during intermission to be sure no one was peeing in the bushes.  I failed. 
@ashleytisdale i guess it was a silly idea 2 come 2 ur autograph signing yesterday! =( not even a tenth could get in! =( i waited hours 
@Knitcave1 was a shame though . was only a tenner a day and you had your own little hut  MIGHT start again in the summer maybe?
Totally no energy to pull myself out of bed to yoga class!  I shall pin my hopes on a jog tonight. sigh.
hello to everybody. builing up the wedding-tent for tuesday. hope the sun comes out 
Waiting for my bus to my singing lesson...having a hat day due to the rain! 
caught a stomach bug...probably from someone in the 2-4 year old age...no fun  
I've the worst headache ever, and there's drilling being done on my neighbours roof, next to my bedroom. great news all round 
spent last night showing people about art n design uni building. This morning my leg muscles are rebelling and my back is screaming at me 
fat cat vom'd..i slipped barefoot in it. sickie cat has stopped eating and spends minutes at a time dry retching. heartbreaking. 
boom boom pow. work in couple of hours. think it's about time i did some revision like. shame i ain't out tomorrow 
good morning twitterville!!! its weird me being off work on a saturday.. but its raining on my side of the world 
dragged family out this morning to do 1 min running/walking intervals. Only managed 7   party tonight and no booze (
where has the sunshine gone should be a beer garden day  x
ugh fuckin state police!!! pulled over :/ sitting here while he checkin my record.. hopefully i get out of this one 
its a sad day when the flip-flops are back in the cupboard and the coat is back out 
so freaking early for a suit and an 8-4pm seminar on a saturday. in advertising boot camp. 
hope the weather picks up a bit for next week!hada run this morning and wasnt pleasant at all! 
i dont even want to go and fetch my lunch. its cold and raining and walking round town does NOT seem like my idea of fun!   x
 last night I fell while I was taking the trash out... I really hurt my arm but now I am feeling better..need to study really soon!
i think i had something resembling a small panic attack in the middle of the night. me, who doesn't do panicking. errr 
My ipod is broke! noooo!! I have to take it back for repair at merry hill on a rainy day!  its going to be like a cattle market in mumbai
Prepping food for tonight. @Reigning1 is at a wknd training 4 work  so the girls are coming over tonight for some girl time!
whats up wit the weather how can it go from 19 degree's to 9 degree's in the space of a few hours.. not fair  wonder is wils nearly home
it's an absolutely gorgeous day out there. I want to go out and do a bunch of fun things. Instead I'm home all weekend working 
Turns out the high cost of coaching isn't all the volunteer hours or having to stand in the rain but missing chance to golf with family 
entourage last night. course of events  but it was fun. again tonight maybe?
was going to get up at 1 and go to my dads friends house to watch socceroos tonight/morning... but i am way too tired/ cold. 
@roly50100150 -I went last week 2 get my usual, toasted pumpernickel bagel, but they weren't there 
plans for today ruined due to no sunshine  went out and bought glamour magazine for free sample of benefit bad lash mascara lol.
wonderful start to the weekend....taking sick dog to the vet....can I catch a break with vet bills this week 
good morning world!  live from beautiful tulsa.....westbay reppn ! tulsa loves kuromi box!lost one jewel off engine cover 
Breaking my cardinal rule - No working weekends - but got to sort out the website - healer heal thy self  - beach tomorrow 
@jennviva good plan for a rainy day. Unfortunately i have to do some grocery shopping first. don't wanna get wet 
@markleo82 told alex going, later only i realize have to reg b4 go.  although site front say registration on that day at venue.
we had a quiz I only got 17/25. A bunch of sketches but it got wet!  the serpentina pattern is stress haha
I'm being thrust into the yardwork world.  also, if you wanted me up earlier tell me the night before or wake me up yourself!
Ugh i'm in for a long day of laundry  when i should be hitting the pool side before getting shit faced tonight. Lameeeeee
is going to get out of bed, get changed, eat and then help my mum with the attic! fun times. but today is a little boring!    
and the long boring in service begins  would so rather be with you!
wishes that she could have stuck @catfaulkner in her pocket yesterday for The Decemberists show. There were a couple empty seats nearby. 
just got back from shopping got a wedding next week bought a dress - hate it so going back 
@InternetKing yo dude i'm really good thanks. It's been a shitty week and the weather is the icing on the cake 
last lunch with my best friend. then he's leaving the country to backpack for 2 months  shopping later, and getting crunk nasty tonight.
   sigh!   ..........ok where was I ? oh yes.going to john's doughnut for coffee n light reading ,dty cleaners then the gym.owww a sale!
woke up early and nobody is home   guess i will take this opportunity to get my (at least) 2 hours of study in.
I hit the snooze button 4 times before I actually got up! I love the weeknd! I can't breathe through my nose!   good morning twittrs!
morning  how's everyone doing today? i missed dinner last night  sooo hungry! chillin at reed college... class of '99 meet at 1:30!
being bums at the shore with amy and sush...miss school mornings 
I'm about to make a three hour trek to the airport and my little 6 y/o sparkle has an upset tummy. 
ahhh taking a break after 3 hours of chemistry revision. still haven't done any of the organic stuff... 
my computer is definitely dead, taking it to be looked at tomorrow  4 yrs worth of my life gone
really need to rest now.but maybe a lil later. i missed everyone,the other day was awful,something went wrong with my internet connection 
@nannynick have you got the sun with you or is it raining like it is hereall day  nothing like a burnt sausage from the bbq
@whitpetey sad  be careful!! praying for forester today. love my postcard- it's on the fridge. good for a reminder!!
@gulpanag lucky u. 2day a wobbly parked bike fell on my foot.deep gash..al bloody.... ew...d worst part- jus bought new shoes 2day 
fuck me.I've had my intake of water for a full two weeks in just one hour. I'm getting drug tested today. my body hates me. I can't pee! 
hello... hope everyone's having a good day? my only remaining dog is very sick, I may have 2 cut my trip short &amp; head home 2night  
whos idea was it to have cereals 2009 20 miles down the road on the same day as exams? 
yep, i am at work again. getting kind of bored and tired working 7 days a week. perfect riding weather too   anybody need some wine?
hmm is it only me or i got light leakage on mine pre?  right bottom corner close to gesture area anyone?
WTF.. got in at 6, face planted into some bong water on my bed, and totally not finishing the porch today  fuck this weekend.. 
I want the palm pre but my dad said not this week cause the crowd 
&lt;--- has fallen in love... W/ a doxie mix @ dog adoptions 2day. He's currently sleepin curled up in my lap on the way back 2 the kennels 
Fucking rain...  stuck at home...and last day with my phone... i miss phatty already! nobody's snores like yu lol
@2010Tweets What's with getting kicked out of the site back into the waiting room half way through checking out? No warning 
I take my food update back...everything was eatable BUT the soup!the 1 thing I've been wanting the last 4 days tastes like dirty water! 
@becksbissell im fine..been painting furniture all day..cat sadly still not come home  glad things are better with your new boss..
threw my back out... like i can't walk. brushing my teeth none the less. this has never happened b4. there goes my impromptu day of fun 
@violetbakes The twins were arguing over an orange gogo, so enforced a no-go-go policy for the hour b4 bed 
Oh man woke up 2bad news looks like its time 2take the funeral outfit out &amp; pay some respects 
my eye is swollen shut so I had to postpone a bride and groom consultation. It hasn't been a very good morning! 
@iloveacuppatea no way  omg man if it keeps up come round mine tomorrow cause i'm home alone xx
i want something to do, but my foot has a huge bump under it from last night and it's hard to walk  oh this summer's off to a good start.
Officially in charge of the cafe for two whole weeks and now having to do more shifts because my poor shift buddy had a stroke!  
 cant believe I didnt get out tonight, been so ill been stuck in bed with my hot water bottle!
will miss church tomorrow   but spending precious time with my parents and lovely sister outta town...
#bfd #fail with lots of seats unsold day of show buyers charged $55 
Just wrapped the shoot- excited about the images! Now on my way 2 a bridal consult. I think I've got a fever.  not feeling well!!
Nothing like seeing your daughter get her butt kicked on her 1st day of sparring class cause she didn't fight back. I had to leave 
i dont have plans for tomoz  so thinking maybe a pj day, junk food and some movies maybe...
got a dress, two shirts and a headband today.  nothing from the farmer's market though  maybe next week it won't be so rainy
@coolhuntceline pierre flew away about an hour ago.  that brick phone takes some mighty fine pictures!! :]
ok so its past 6 and i havent eaten since my break at like 930ish this morning, i need food, i'm SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO hungry 
Off out, first proper night out in a while - a rewarding break form revision, only 2 more exams to go, spread over 2 weeks though   xxx
My hubby is taking me out to dinner for my b-day tonight. Should be interesting since there isn't a lot I can eat until after surgery 
I had to sleep in my new room with the giant window alone for the 1st time. i am terrified of giant windows at night. nicki come back 
Ugh...just saw third dead dear on the side of the road in one hour 
@miss_pipedream yesterday on the train - hurt like hell - but everything seemed fine afterward, and now...it's back cos I yawned again 
can't sleep - panic attack  maternity leave ends next month dreading it. k
i had a volleyball camp alll day. now my legs and back kill  text
another sign I'm really out of shape, tweaked my left arm really bad doing push ups this morn. 
@FeliciaCago i know! i'm missing the world cup game &amp; probably @mominreallife's party  but i'm worn out. great day anyway!
@thatchman1 I'm done for the night. I was getting eaten alive by the bugs (typical for me down here) and I'm out of shape.  :-| 
Long day at the car show....wish I didn't have to cook dinner tonight!!!! 
Just asked Molls if she wanted to go out &amp; party like rock stars. But she's been slidin' down sand hills all day. So, the answer was no. 
going to the clubs again tonight.. didnt wake up till 5pm today and missed the pride fest!   but will have to stop at some gay clubs #fb
crazy day I think I need a do-over...went to track though an broke even then both my sisters had man drama today  hope 4 drama free night
awesome day, extremely shitty ending ..... a girl got stuck under the motor of a boat right next to me  i hope she is okay
In love with my girl, even though we spent part of the day together, i still miss her. cant wait til she's back in my arms 
2 minutes from home and I hit a poor little tweety bird  sad day... Feathers every where....
these ninjas are wayyyyy too goodfor my taste, lol. great for them, horrible for us addicts  k hasn't been seen all day either?
Almost came back from an 8 shot deficit in golf today with the course going dark... but came up just short  boo.
Decided best course of action was start from square1... really proud of the wall of bass I just laid! This is how I spent my sat night... 
Anyone know how to treat a possible bed sore? I read salt water after changing helps? Just found it on my dad this morning 
I spent most of today's cognitive peak making the husband do the Canadian taxes, so none is left for program or admissions essay. 
@jaclynz girl i got my phone taken away  sorry but i clearly cant come over tonight... break my heart.
It's a sad day when your roomates dog finds a way to display your womanly issues all over their bedroom floor 
where does the flippin time go?? killer headache  i have to wake up early tomorrow 
is kinda tired &amp; wants to watch a movie with my ninja turtle, but he no home now  raincheck 4 tomorrow 4 sure though sweets ok? mwah :*)
@LavaLampLV The kind of day I've had, a cigarette would be delicious. I can't smoke with a sick, stuffy nose though 
@dinography i'd be one scary looking person to run into at night with those goggles on. i'm studying banking and finance, exams - eek 
had a great day at my flower girls 4th birthday, then hangin with nicks family and now eating smores! wanting 2 read twilight its late. 
todays little trip has all the makings of an epic and we haven't even left the house yet. Nomming lots of porridge, thunder + lightning 
A tip for the future: If you are trying to have a fun day, plz refrain from taking me out in public 
@JonathanRKnight give a shout to indonesian blockheads will ya?since I don't get the chance 2 c u this year 
Even more bad news is I have to restat my 10+ hour save on star ocean, I missed an awesome item 
Totally just got kicked off the computer by my brother  which harry potter book should i start for fun tonight?
I'm tired  didn't do anything all day! except went to the craft store to get some hemp string :]
Making toast and coffee at the moment, but looking nervously at the sky - doesn't lool great for today 
woops! Solip's chat window randomly freaked and I dunno how to get back on as host  thanks anyway, guys, I had fun *big heart* good night
@gregorytanyt The panic button is beginning to glow, faintly. In other news, the boy is sick, so dinner may be a no-go 
morning, crazy hair, toast, work 
@shroomish It's weird though 'coz I was earning like 2bucks every minute and now people just sit and then leave with the red boo mark 
continuing with operation attack the garden today but without the mighty noodles due to knee pain 
@victorcina you know I would need to make a list. my mind is blank right now for some reason. And I see at least 3 movies a week. 
sorry everyone i haven't had time to respond. one of my foster kitties had parvo. he died earlier today  i am so heartbroken. its terrible
@jonotch  yeah! I slept for like 18 hours! already now back to hitting the books! man finance so boring! actually.. too simple 
Still tired  bloody cat and mouse game in the wee small hours - he'll be gloves if he's not careful!!
hungover  i feel sick. ive had hardly anything to eat in the past 24hours.bad times. computer is fucked, everythings gone dead big :|help?
for some strange reason i got calls form 3 friends already who r playin hookie n wanted 2 meet. 2 bad im grinding at the office 2day 
feeling crappy, sore everything  and have big family party this afternoon which i could really do without
@Aphrosie oh, still house bound  ouch. I need to get food and things first, but i'll text you this afternoon and hopefully drop up to you
@xlaurajaynex did anything interesting happen in the last half hour of bb last night? I went out and missed it 
just been out for walk with becks and thinking of that dog yesterday dodging traffic on the A1. hope someone found him 
@PlaceFarm i agree it does nothing to brighten the spirits - the thought of another wet summer 
Its one of those drunken, hiccupy, wake up nakie alone tomorrow kinda nights. Unfortunately my friend mark is passed out in my bed. 
@Antiquebasket poor you  we've had nothing *but* dreary for over a week ~ to see the sun finally is wooooooooooonderful!!!
@tracy_tp we had no power for an hour here and I'm at a huge motorway services and hotel complex  fingers crossed for you hon...
Assembling a workout bench with missing pieces, I hate flat-pack anything!! heading back to get the missing piece.. 
One day of gcse's to go! Then it's pizza for me and my friends we don't go out much we're a bit sad! 
Weekend over.  leaving now for a proofing meeting then a promo gig i have to do downtown all day. Then airport. Still not as bad as tmrw.
great way to start the morning: walk outside in my underwear, see my crush at the pool naked &amp; asleep with some chick, didny get a soda 
@butterbean74 let you off then! lol. evening was lurvely thanks, can't wait til he moves up here, four hour round trip at the mo 
there is nothing to do  toss up with tidy bedroom or watch F1 or even lay out in the sun ,lol the choice
i want to see little boots in blackpool tonight.  the combination is lethal.  i want to go to the pleasure beach too 
Tigers lost...we are   but they do have another chance.  We are cleaning closets this afternoon.
took my niece on her first whale watch yesterday - not a lot of whale sightings though 
4got costume box, had issue with new costume order, boiled in venue left very early peed off - now home - really been 1 of those days 
@DanG86 I'm on the one the hour before hand, want to get back for 9 for apprentice final! Trains are crap today 
said a bunch of goodbyes today at church. i hate saying goodbye! cant believe i only have 61 hours left in turkey!! 
It's not good im sat right next to a surround system speaker and watching the dark night. its has alot of crash scenes. my ear hurts 
Overslept for church  Going to try to make the best of this day anyway
@uksceptic is this by any chance some kind of club/dancing related injury, mine is still hurting from friday  i found that tea helps
hopped up out the bedd turn my swag onnnn!! g. morning!! getting ready for a day full of hw and assignments 
@kayteeeleanor yeah, my sentiments exactly. my parents don't know it's due tomorrow.. fake ill? haha, i know i'll be up late finishing 
getting ready to check out of hotel  had loads of fun. sad face for leaving 
is awake! legs feel like jello from last night random jog, work soon  in the mean time listening to hit the lights ;)
Please send some energy his way - thought we had a heart last night, but it ended up not being the right size  http://tinyurl.com/nkr9ol
summertime ball! have fun  sad i am missing it but looking forward to 02 wireless, if my mum gets me a ticket
is about to wake up, do laundry and pack up to return to the car til next weekend. looks like i aint getting a room for a long time. 
@carolc5 how was church? getting ready to head to diprato's then lazy rest of day..loud woman upstairs again..maddie under couch 
@lindsayknox03 you lucky lucky girl   i hope to hear all of your stories tomorrow morning as i live my life vicariously thru yours!
just woke up.. a lil sad.. summer jam *tear* &amp; i cant go 
angry cause I didn't get to go to the house party last night cause these damn girls want to do things with their family... 
is going to the club 2day w/ some friends. this week has been so boring cause my mom wuldnt let me do anything lik go 2 the club!!! 
eeting afterwards  i'll tell u how it goes.
ahh! Most of my class of 2009 peeps are graduating next weekend.  i woke up to having that thought in mind.
so my tennis skills seem to have vanished now  but just spent a lovely hour reading in the sunny back garden
im driving home today! i feel like i missed out on fun things this weekend. 
ironing and trying to find some clothes to pack my bag for next week... difficult decisions 
relaxing at grandmas with my cousins, long night. I walked10 miles for cancer. camera broke  but not the end of the world
photoshoot tomorrow and mother nature just gave me her present  what are the chances!
@emmyrossum That made me feel all warm and fuzzy on the inside.. We missed you last week 
@ThisisDavina  cant watch bb got school in the morning  tell me what happens
yup- another nice day- looks like rain is on its way 
wants to be at summertime ball soooo bad! i miss @JLSOfficial  bad times! butt..... beat again for number one peopleee!!!
I started my day off by stepping into a big pile of doggie vomit next to my bed. I think my left foot is traumatized. 
tired.. going to bed in an hour and a halfish, still got four more plays to read 
I was trying to bake the kids some brownies. I got weak standing on my feet for 5 min. today is not a good day 
All psyched for the Lakers game tonight! But the fact that it'll only be on TV early in the morning here = a slam flunk for me! 
just watched the new episode of pushing daisies. i can't believe there's only one left until its over for good 
@iainplaysdrums This is my uncles one from the 60's...the spring is completely fucked...cant press down ont he strings hard enough 
Last night was gid timez man, I totally slept today away though haha. Also my cat's hurt her wee face 
i love having weekends off! had a lot of fun since friday night. sore leg still tho  its gone all yellow!!!!
Just had a bring me the horizon jam sesh with my momma. sick. Now i'm off to work  visit!!
@sonnyminx all freaking reality shows, so lame. i lose cable w/ the move in a week &amp; half anyway 
Tired day, no wait week end! who bringing me the sadness cuz i go back to france and in a sort of way i don't want to! i'll miss my sis 
@sarahstanley That's okay...it will take a couple hours of intense therapy to get over it, but I'll manage somehow 
the weather sucks so bad today!!!!!!!!!!! currently doing homework...yes homework..during the summer 
i need a heat pack for my back but am in too much pain to go buy one  sad day #fb
I am off for a shower in readiness for tomorrows early shift at the baby factory. Hopefully will have a nicer shift than friday 
I'm feeling a bit iffy tonight so I'm off to bed in preparation for another busy week 
Screaming kids to the back of us, an annoying bird to the front of us... The world makes me wish I were deaf. 
blast furnace.... note to self its late so remember to proof read before hitting send 
i knew going out last night was a bad idea. i've had the worst hangover all day and got fuck all revision done 
i need a day 2 myself by myself 4 myself in my home so i can cook up random shit like @thetesha82 and @keba85 then share it &amp; eat it 
Just got home from one crazy fun day of water &amp;&amp; sun. Loves it!! wish i didnt have to work 2morrow 
i've got an outdoor shoot on the books tomorrow - and their call for t-showers 
...great time at today's photo shoot....lots of wonderful shots...I forgot to bring sunscreen for myself though  
chance just got a bath! boys are at the gym. mom and bree are having end-of-weekend blues 
fun lunch w/ @abbyesther &amp; great day w/ @destinyjoyful fam, but hour ago got pain in legs  &amp; travel issues w/ ry (who is being nice now)
watching the laker game with my daddy before he leaves for the summer  go KoBe!
sucks staying home on a pretty day, studying 
normal day : washed clothes and slept.. ready for some entertainment though kinda bored 
i always need the toilet at ridiculous times in the morning, i have to go all the way downstairs, everyones bathroom should be upstairs 
@Helixer yeah. the dining hall at my camp just burnt down, with all of the plaques that date back to, like, the 40s, which is very sad 
getting ready to go to bed wuz in D.C. 2day (city of corruption) saw a great mets game and the plane ride was sick!  school tomorrow
so tired right now and i have a headache. note to self: getting hammered then going to a loud ass basketball game the next day = bad idea 
is time to bath haha tomorrow school  i hate that only 9 days yeah ok see u latter twitters i going to take a fantastic bath
so tired...crazy weekend with way too much food/drink and way too little sleep. And it's my last official night at 26. I'm getting old. 
what the heck....I smell like camp fire and I dont want to get up early 
@markvanbaale No, I didn't see anything -- watched for awhile earlier this evening but then had to get back to deadlines. 
bye twiiter! for some strange reason i am sooo tired!! school tomrrow ugh! ew! ...  can't wait for july 3rd!!!!!!
bit under the weather today  ... haven't accomplished much - blog hopping looking for paint combos (home exterior)
 sumone broke into grandma's shop last night... stole sum stuff but no money,the kitten i was GOING to get got mass murdered yesterday 
had a very people &amp; family filled weekend! In desperate need of some alone time with my man! But none coming in the near future! 
home from my walk.. what a stunning day.. now i have a blister on my heel  devo
My head is throbbing and it's making it impossible to study. The painkillers I took an hour ago have done nothing. 
My calves are killing me from yesterday's dance call at the audition. And I'm still sick  fingers crossed for callbacks!
finally done with my first period of my first course, papers turned in, not a fun weekend to wrap up hwork cuz i missed some grad parties 
Weekend is over  had a great time with my family today at the zoo and a lap around the tidal basin by the jefferson memorial.
Its halftime break here in the office and so far work still leads by a ton..oh boy... 
The things we do for our GIRLS....tee-tee worked til midnight straightening, trimming, and curling hair. Now we have a 45 min drive home 
sadd that my  weekend fun wid my poopie hadd 2 end 
I hate food right now, everything i've eaten today has made my stomach hurt. 
@graceyyykate my plan exactly! i think i'll do it the day before i get on the plane haha. i'm gonna miss letting my hair get wavy 
I could just cry! Bad day, bad sunburn, long nite ahead! Does anyone have a gun and maybe a bullet for me to borrow? I'm so over my head! 
still on my computer trying to finish a quick letter for my event this week...then I have to pack for my 6am flight  ugh, maybe no sleep?
Not even asleep ten mins and the nightmares starts. If your up feel free to text me to keep me company. It may be a long night 
@Jakeinbake so we dont get his number?  well it was nice talking to you the other night your awesome
disappointed. cant go shopping tonight. mom's got a meeting. 
hates the fact that i have summer school almost everyday.. whatever good night tweets up and early tomorrow 
just got to my grandmas place.. i've knocked twice, no answer. lololol fail. its cold outside and i have to go to the bathroom. 
I watched the final episodes of prison break on friday.They were great..too bad that there will be no more of it in the future.. 
need some good luck thoughts have a   check up at the dentist later this morning   it can't only be me that hates seeing them ?
had a bit of a scare this morning when two labs chased after me! i didn't know it was all in fun, so ended up getting lost for a while 
@OldPostcards Did the bikeathon for the 2nd time yest, all went well think they had record No of entrants, they ran out of medals ! 
break ups are really hard   boo its so hard not to run back. but sometimes you have to forget how you feel and remember what you deserve
Just been walking round the office with my flies undone. A bit embarressed that no one notice  I feel small and insignificant now
currently listening to yet another argument next door and hoping one day my chavvy neighbours *@$* off!!! 
Tired, grumpy and unsure what my priorities are today. Not a good start to a busy week  #fb
@SandiMon its a never ending cycle with our kids and winter... we were all better for a about week before someone starting coughing again 
@preeti_c  even when we needed 39 off the last 3 overs, i was confident we could do it. of course, my confidence was misplaced. 
going out dinner tonight! And i still feel like a dumbass about father's day 
it annoys me when they announce a battle of the bands, and i get all excited, then they say the auditions are that day and crush my hopes 
after a very sunny weekend i bought sandbox for my little baby to play on the balcony... well,... its raining 
 i've spent the morning inputting log sheets onto comp, now I have to friggin put orders on the comp! I jus can't b assed!! I hate Mondays
i regret that i slept with my make up on now...panda eyes  lol, busy busy today good times xx
Is feeling a strange sense of melancholy. Not sure if it's because of lost lugguage, mom's impending chemotherapy session. 
monday morn back to black only thing worse than having a job is looking for one. my face hurts in anticipation of  this long week 
I've spent the morning doing the most tedious record-keeping stuff and worked my way down the pile only to find a second larger pile. 
has sun burn after a lovely day in the sun with her boys!!! monkey didnt want to comw 
@RenellShaw getting the hang of this stuffs now..... hehehehehe... hope the musicage goes well today, stressed status last night  x
never pre-order anything from hmv - you don't even get it before or on the day of release! and i'm not even allowed to buy it later! 
I have found that when my parents force me to be, it actually works as reverse psychology and keeps me up till all ends of the night.  
This a.m., I wish it were acceptable for adults to throw themselves to the ground &amp; kick &amp; scream &amp; have a 2 year old-style tantrum. 
I am jus wakin up getting ready to pt...dude I hurt from yesterday's run  and saturdays weights 
Just dropped everyone one off at the airport...it was sad to see the little wave goodbye.    I'm super sleepy too
I hate that when it's evening here, it's some god-awful morning hour in the States &amp; nobody is online to keep me company. 
thinks my pet nesting blackbirds may have abandonned the nest  agility class tomorrow yippee i get lots of liver treats if i do well.
I answered a lot of questions on my quiz only to hit the backspace button and have to start over. What a great way to start the day! 
aww it appears to be stopping a bit my side  it seems leeds is a birrova talking point weatherwise today. Anyone else got thunderstorms?
I am sat in the garden enjoying the last bit of sun b4 heading off bac 2 work this afternoon 
i think, the breaks today were pretty great. but the rest just sucked! i need some holidays.. school fucks me up! 
  I wanted to sleep in this morning but a mean kid through a popsicle stick at me head. I wish I could fly away like those squirrels
The nest is empty once again. The festivities never last long enough. 
upset i downloaded almost 200 songs over the weekend and forget to put them on my mp3 player 
i'm back - went to six flags fri, it was so fun: hardly no lines. rode everything twice. but i missed ai's bbq cuz of the rain on sat 
I definitely tried the cork trick... and how it was working in my head and with the pen caps last night... no longer is  hahahah I suck
summer school.  worst possible thing to do in wake of the lakers' championship win.
the beach obliterated my hangover yesterday...it was great!spanish homework time now tho  xxx
gunna go for a walk today and then maybe ill sit in the sun for a bit. i had a wonderful tan a month ago and now its gone  i need it back
had a bad morning momma threw her back out, really bad and its prom and grad season we dont have time for this dresses need to get done 
sooo im without a car at the moment  buT i do get to spend the day w/ my sis about to make her go places with me cuz im already BORED!
wants to go outside &amp; enjoy the sun this week, but has to stay inside for nonstop study sessions instead.  Not fair.  
My brain age is 31 today..not a good look. 10 minutes before I have to go back to class. Where I get no signal. 
Off 2 the mall for the dreaded spring ritual: swimsuit shopping. I've tried several times and have not had any luck yet  Here goes nothing
Man... This shoulder strain is really putting a strain on my day. (har har) but really this sucks - no gym tonight 
then malcolms coming in a few minutes  KILLLLLLLme. he's annoying. but yeah,food.bye.
@oohpinklipstick was so funny looking back  although warrington's version of loose women came on the train and talked SOLIDLY for 2 hours 
I guess I'll go find some food and coffee and figure out what I'm going to do for the rest of the day. 
outta class...bout2 head 2 the nail salon wit one of the girlss...then work lataa ugh...wishh i had the day off 
@branditopolis omg that was the time we saw a pancake breakfast on the way home at 8am but we only had my debit card  that sucked
won't miss spanish class either...let hell week begin 
2moro is my last day of college for now  I'm going to miss everyone so much its so sad
@LauraLeslie hear here!  It's a sad sad indication of the state of /major/ media; 72 hours in. 
@Ldot jus a lil under the weather, sore throat  you are such a good future husband!! We have to start planning for the big day!
I really tried to sweet talk my way out of this middle seat, but alas, to no avail. Five hours of bliss on this very full flight 
On my way to pick up some final things for my trip 2morrow .... What's with the weather? It was all sunny yesterday now MORE gloom 
I read the shack, i enjoyed the first couple chapters, then the rest was crap  @stephaniepratt did you ready the twilight series yet ?
My black trousers that i last wore 2 years ago no longer fit, need to rush to town tomorrow morning before interview to get new pair 
watching friends , and wow that  thunderstrom today  was dead scary plus my hair got a mess 
No1 son in bed so must be time for a glass of wine - only one though as need to be up with the birdies tomorrow 
@combotheresol @love_sarahjoy sorry guys. bills outweighed the fun for today  maybe next time 
tomorrow, we must say goodbye to a beautiful tree in our backyard  getting too big for our tiny space. sad.
@wesaysummerrr it really is a shame tbh. and your going on holiday in like 13 days D: imaa miss you  lmao
my ride got bang by a motorcyclist last sat, going to send to workshop from today till thursday..poor baby blue 
went for a crazy long bike ride today and passed by the Nationals' baseball stadium... but didn't make any baller friends  lol
ahhh man i am soooo sleepy i havent even done any revision i shall have to get it all done tomorrow bad times 
having an upstairs downstairs fight over the sky+ with my step dad. i want oprah and he want's have i got news for you.... he won 
free hot dog on a stick day.......after 5 
It is waaay too nice outside to be stuck in the office  today   Where was this sunshine over the weekend?!?!
had 1st training after holydays &amp; i can only say: i saw a pic of my game on a milk cartoon-damn that was ridiculous ... 
i am sad **sigh** webshow is a no-go  mom wants to protect me :p on the plus side i get to go to 4-H camp this summer
studying !!!! in the morning while eating 2 cereals is no fun! ugh out with the girl for some rest.. studying some more when i get home! 
sooooooooooooooooooo bored K-line just had 2 go 2 her little brothers soccer game! Today wuz our adventure day! 
The rain storms are ridiculous- I had to put the work papers in a plastic trash bag and couldn't even see the road on the way home 
I'm running baaaaad! Waiting 4 the officer 2 finish writing a speeding ticket. The usual smile/show some skin routine failed miserably. 
i hate that ive gotten no sleep this weekend and i just got back less than an hr ago from jersey and i have to work.....no fun 
@asevsz i fell asleep watching true blood  what happen at the end?? @hales_ im down to go to sb soon! girls weekend?!
Biked the golden gate bridge and now on ferry from sausalito. Having a great time but have to go home tomorrow. 
@xDorianGrayx hey man! let me know how your first day went, phone's finally died for the last time. rained at rockness, and it drowned 
i like downloaded 15 songs today. wowoo. ewwww tomorrow's play day  I'm not a baby anymore i'm a teen. inside thing lol.
swam and kinda tanned. why can't the stupid sun shine brighter?  i'm gonna have man arms by the end of this summer haha
@AlohaBruce i know LOL it's cause it's fakarkte monday  and @lazarus2000 is a good sport -- the peanut gallery too HAHA
Finals this week  the only nice thing is once there done schools out!!
@yellowgoatetsy oh no!  i've had something stuck in my left eye all day.. frustrating! i hope you get well soon.
done editing my tumblr for the day. thoughtz? eyes hurt, that means it's time to go to the gym and get off the comp. feel better schubz 
@LittleMsCoconut  fine then. We can jus make a big scene...u bak at the hell hole yet?
another night of homework...starting to get really down about having no social life.  I promise everyone...in a few weeks i'll be out more
They chopped down the tree in front of our old house! what friggen villains! dang way to ruin my night 
Waiting for 16 at drumline practice. Last year...kinda sad 
@hillaryxcore she gt fired because she was being mean to her kids...  but i miss youuu!!  you should visit us during session break?
@luvlilamarie2 giiirrll i feel that everyday and i get super sad  sigh let's pretend like we're still college girls this weekend!
Steeling myself for onslaught of the crud that's sweeping the household. I may sleep in the greenhouse tonight. 
@drewb1980 Prhps ur shirt is with my sunglasses...   What'd look like, any chance it's at the block party bar (I'm asking them tomorrow)
goodnight everyone I feel  and :| hopefully tomorrow is better day if someone found me a job that would cheer me up.. doubtful...........
I may check in to lunch time lap swimming--I keep getting bumped from my evening swim by grandkid transport duties. 
Could this day get any worse? Not only does it suck, but husband just got a $300 fine for talking on his mobile while driving  **cries**
there is a poor little fly in the uplighter  ... anyway, making copies was fine, as was class. I'll go to the testing center tomorrow.
had an awesome day today!! my throat keeps hurting doe  [iloveyou.]
I had a dream about nick jonas last night and we were very happy together. if only dreams came true 
@adotsloan I'm too broke for that right now, plus I work every morning  kinda puts a damper on my nights at the gate...
#kevinjonas uh oh. just made my sister mad. wont have a ride to summer school tomorrow  #kevinjonas
Oh crap.  I have a blister on my heel now from my walk, wtf.  Looks like it's sandals tomorrow for class in the possible rain.  
oh man,i'm exhausted.  i ran errands for hours and then spent all night setting up my new light kit and painting props.  boo!!!!!
@xconway I was having fun.. I was walking home and my lip bar fell out, now I'm in pain  someone knocked it in club! Is 4.30am, bed time!x
oh the joys of travel - a two day workshop on robotics - yet I can't figure out how to change the time on the hotel alarm clock 
Just got done work....long, long,long day.  sorry to have missed @ggnkap @pastortomr  and @brianlaker at the meeting tonight. sorry guys. 
going to bed heading to wichita falls for my last 3 weeks there! come july 3 my home will be southlake...kinda sad 
..side note. This whole constant lightning thing looks scary in my room at night 
@TurtleAF totally jammed out to slam dunk the funk today. and thought of you and old farmer street parties 
12 days!! accomplished lots of random things today, and now I've got little specks of paint all over my arms and neck that won't wash off 
 I work at 930 the morning after crank mob. ill have to cut this one short too, total bummer
Send happy blood clot dissolving thoughts to @varin, who's going to be stuck in the hospital for a couple of days. 
today just dragggeddd. everyone's either taking summer classes or working. boo 
nails gone.. time for rock climbing!! still no phone  def. tomorrow for sure.. gym time..then coloring my hair white!
team meeting this morning .. deep joy! feeling a bit tired due to finishing late last night  swiper seems ok though amazingly ..
Scratch that - napped for 3hrs since stomach was upset.  Here's attempt at uninspired commission work number 2! *game face*
@erikrolfsen Yes! Silly too large bunches. I put the rest in water in the fridge...which prolongs its life...until I forget it for a week 
@dead_earthworm I had to throw all of my cordial away at the weekend, 6 litres of it!!...the whole lot was cloudy and discoloured! 
The drapes in my master bedroom have come crashing down   I have a feeling I will appreciate the sunrise like no other tomorrow.
is about to get ready for gym, charge her phone and (maybe) start some homework! i have a big night ahead of me 
@russgoesmoo My kitty has been missing for a week now... I think the 4 bears in my backyard have something to do with it 
@nerdwriter my plane leaves on sunday!  sadness. how have you been? (sorry if i don't respond for a while, i'm off to bed)
Another FAIL b4 the day is over my phone decides to take a swim in puddle of water! Currently on a computer...if you need me tweet me 
i just wish finals were over.   and summer was here. everything would be perfect.   why are boys jerks?!  will someone pleease explain ...
@ElPrezAU I actually really liked Fallout 3, I just sort of....never got round to playing the rest after the first six hours or so 
is having a little panic about running a cupcake stall next weekend. In my dream, everything melted 
word on the street you have to get ur flu tested no matter what it is these days..does that mean i need 2 go see a dr for my running nose 
still doing homework.. but I'm making awesome progress... I have a good system going.. but my stomach's starting to hurt again.. 
@binglovesliz thanks...my whole family went on a little search through the neighborhood tonight...no luck  aah poor squint
just got back inside. aww man momma number two came outside to get me lol no fun house tonight  lol
So the sainsburys bags around my shoes last night did not last - got a torrential soak and ruined my lovely glads 
struggling a bit today, but got a stretchy fabulous session of yoga shortly in the village hall. then got funding application talk later 
seems like yesterday i was graduating from high school. oh how time flies! 
@SarahMcCaskill first cheese cause the pesto  has to be cold. either way works though! sry for my late reply. 7 hours ahead 
aghh watching wiggles, dinner nearly ready im not hungry though, operation tomorrow  no school for 2 weeks, who wants to keep me....
leave pizza in fridge, think 'mm I will have that tomorrow', discover housemate has eaten pizza overnight. it's like having giant mice. 
havent ate all day  cold sore inside my lip.
@GeorginaShuker I woke up this morning and you weren't stood at my door  i thought you were gona be here. things have got 10x worse 
There are a lot of things that could happen on yer first day of school, one of which is... getting wounds on yer feet 
It's really sunny outside, like there never was such a thing as floods raining down yesterday... And I'm off to late shift 
1st day of week's holiday - woo!. 1st job - clear semi blocked cesspit pipes - lovely 
well sooner u get out the better! then u can be around wee cats n dogs n stuff all day  ;) ufft  do what on purpose ? :$ almost there ;)
Another day saying bye to peeps, man alive this is no fun  x
i have the attn span of a goldfish tonight....6 secs. bodes ill for productivity of any type 
nothing breaks my heart like the sound of my daughter coughing uncontrollably in the middle of the night...or now in the morning. 
sulking about last nights cricket result, i had front row seats at the oval 
2nd time kids left the gate open and the dogs got out.....I need to move now, to avoid the angry morning joggers. 
I feel horrible right now... man i got sick out of nowhere, the day fina go by so slow 
@IrishAttic thanks,the roasted veggie sounds great,hope you are having a great day,looks like we are getting more rain no pics today 
good morning - yucky out     nothing planned but work today.  finish my breakfast sandwich &amp; then iron my pants &amp; hit the road.
has just been playing cod5 with baker and couldent get past round 6 
is surfing web at work for perfect father's day gift while mad that they discontinued my favorite expresso at Startbucks! 
Oh gosh! I wanted to sleep inn today. But now the noise of the lawn mowers woke me up  Its beautiful outside...time to get up!
another day of moving files from one building to another in serious heat...not looking forward to it, my back hurts from yesterday!  ick 
@DuceDaPrivilege just chillin and sending my resume to a couple companies  wht s good? you still feel twisted lol?
@nicholsonb good luck, hopefully you won't injure anything that forces you to do cardio all week like i did 
Pouring down the rain  hope it stops soon. Going with my mom later to get some stuff for the beach in a couple of weeks. &lt;3
super computer has passed. think hard drive got fried in storm last night  very sad.
ah yes, a day of meetings? sounds like a great idea.   blue wizard needs vacation badly.
@wes8477 Unfortunately that is correct. It was a victim of budget cuts and a couple sub-par graduating classes 
I have one chapter left of my book...I wanted to stay on lunch that bit longer  boo!!!
this migraine is probably going to kill me today. and I definitely to not feel like sitting in this freaking waiting room for an hour 
No time to tweet tonight, have to retype my Japanese language lesson notes cos I made a complete mess in class.   Catch u guys tomorrow...
Today sucks, I really want to go home and play some tennis and then mix for the rest of the night. 
will miss reading everyones tweets for a couple of days. Off to hospital tomorrow - bit scared  
@MariaLKanellis my dad just made me cry for the 4th time today and all i did was ask  him to tie my hand gloves  why does he hate me :'(
@caff my reward for finishing things early is I now get to play production artist for the rest of the week 
Sitting out in the sun, picnic, great... Pity its in the backyard at work  http://myloc.me/4238
just voted 4 ash 4 the teen choice awards! gotta make sure i get my vote in every day! still upset its only 1 vote a day 
@stukes, yeah but its not really for the weekend, more like a business decision ..yes im a dork I know. 
@vegandrus oh man, the possibilities are endless there. no peaches for me tonight...i have a crazy work schedule this week 
@brittanyburton.... nice day for the beach!... oh wait, not on block anymore 
@soulfyne that offices depresses me  I'm supposed to have lunch with someone there this week so I'll see u soon hopefully.
A sunny day here in gethsemane; asking let this cocktail glass pass from me seems a bit ungracious. But it's gethsemane nonetheless 
@JRenee211 once in a blue moon I will get fast food. It tastes good going in but in 5 minutes after eating it I always get a belly ache 
had a hideous day at work... could do with omeone bringing my wine and ice cream..... i live in hope 
&amp; I'm gonna have 2 allow myself 2 eat dairy this week.  It's hard to be dairy-free in the situation I'm in.
@cloud79 lucky dog. i use the keurig at work all the time, but at home all i have is a busted ol' instamatic contraption. 
I've studied for a week for my midterm. I know this material better than I know my own name. Why is my stomach in knots? I hate this 
#iremember shootin cap guns in the middle of the night for like a week still this dude scared me and my brothe wit a real one. 
Finally! #sneakpreview #lwd of this week (after lots of technical fails...) it is: &quot;the proposal&quot; damn  hoped for ice age
@brigglesy2k I wish. I have a guide dog meeting in boulder tonight that I can't miss 
Is spending quality time inside with my book...kinda sad the sun went away 
@oystar_B yeah  i'm having a rough time finding someone and today is last day to get the tix. they're only $35 a piece!
@JordanMcDeere life is god once more! Just let us know when youre about and we will sort out some sort of meeting  miss girls nights 
The only good thing about today's weather is I don't have to water the garden...The bad is the kids are stuck inside...   
Someone bring me gigantic container of good host iced tea powder tomorrow for my birthday?? 
@joannejacobs decided to give @140conf a miss. 1 day rates a bit pricey. Missed a chance to say hi to @sizemore @documentally 
well if anyone has any awesome seats for dmb 9/26 let me know...ive had bad dmb concert luck this year 
3hrs in A&amp;E and nearly feel asleep, feel like i now have a tree strapped to my wrist, it was such a sunny day outside as well 
so i wear little flimsy flats on the day that it rains!! pure genius 
had permanent crown put on this morning...whatever they use to cement it has a very foul taste and upset my stomach  
 How 2 get OCDer 2 eat more than 1-2 meals a day? We could take him off meds &amp; watch him slowly fall apart again but he'd eat like a horse
@ewturner sad news. my ginger has also lost its luster. turns out a weekend of swimming in oceans/pools on an island zaps red! 
end of the year field trip was fun today! i hurt my butt while roller skating 
Yming:   was disapointed by taste and quantity last night - used 2 be better.  change of cook? #ukite http://bit.ly/Ftw9z
 sucks that everyone's back at school, no one to talk to late at night. ah should prob be in bed anyways
ran 5 miles last night. the dog loved it too. she's getting super fit now! rest today. Silver, our duck got ate by the fox we reckon. 
why did no one tell me this - andrew bird is playing a concert next to my office the day after my birthday 
been in bed all day, woke up with the worst sore throat  they say smart people get colds during summer why me then?lol
been playing rock band 2 and gears of war 2 for a couple hours with my nephews today, its been fun, but now I gotta work soon 
Having a rush morning... I bet I will need to wake up next time once my alarm beep... in stead of crawling in my bed... darn... (sigh). 
sent in vids finally yesterday, want more time to read books I have...school and work come first though... my projects feel so unloved 
I'm so hype right now .. How will I sleep tonight? - better try or I'll pay in the morning 
@juicystar007 be safe girlie i just had a bunch of bad weather hit my house in the last 2 hours! 
I've stuck a big wet blanket on the clothes line outside and I don't think it has a chance in hell of drying and it'll probably go mouldy 
ew it's been raining alllll day  going for a jog (soft J!) at the gym then maybe reading some school stuff..?
thinking tomorrow  must move stuff around in my sphere--including office. Getting new carpet. A blessing and curse--disrupts my writing. 
Now off to edit more pics,take care of a whiny teething 8 month old and my little graduate is now running a fever over 100  ah..good times
had practice yesterday and my team made me run from hilton hotel to guam reef hotel and back twice 
@jupitusphillip just lost a category three in my sitting room  He was a hairy fucker and it's just me and him for the next couple of weeks
@nikkibender what is the plan? did he give you food and stuff or just exercise? lets go out for food this weekend.I have to work saturday 
I bought a $40 torture device today...aka snorkel for swim team, but it sure feels like water boarding..  
Man, just when I thought this day couldn't get ANY better...I ran over a bunny rabbit on the way home. 
Home today, really think I need a day inside to recover from this damn flu, and to hopefully shake this cough 
I tried running for half an hour, something like that, and boy was it hard. I feel so drained today, no energy. I am so disappointed 
*sighs* broken phone, cloudy weather, bad headache, broken skateboard, best friend moving 5 hours away.......  I need a hug. 
@milesstraume i just dont want a MILLION texts in the middle of the night 
@b_club So listen I never got my shirt and I called ups and it&quot;s in transit back to you guys...I had a kick ass philanthropy this weekend 
@GeminiTwisted I know!  But look at jones beach, there were lots of empty seats  And he gave away SO many at the today show, and that day.
@lindberghboy nothing just chillin' at my house i think.. i didn't really have a good day today so i'm not really in the party mood 
last episode of college hill south beach next week  that was some good ish
I cleaned my room earlier this month and misplaced my giant sack of candy.  Now I am candyless and sadfaced. #fail
~full/hectic day at office-check; yard work- check; dinner - check (awesome strbrry popseed salad w/chicken); sugarbaby cupcake - nope. 
I'm it's kind of late... ohhh my god i don't know how I'm going to stand 2 more school-days! ahhhhhh!!!!! my head is about to explode!!!! 
Its raining and people dont wanna get up and hang out   i might just call my home girls over and make it a movie night with her and drink.
@sirisaac missed the run  though wonder if I could pick your brain sometime as I am trying to change careers/enter the heath&amp;fitness arena
This year: family stuck at home while I blow 'n go to meetings by air.    But you can see previous years' fun at http://tinyurl.com/bgtrip
this finance grind is not the tea**. two more weeks and i'm free!!!// i might be free in more ways than one. // sad truth  //
My hands hurt bad!!! I helped my dad to paint the surrounding area of the pool, ouchhh I won't be able to crochet tonight 
I need to go buy clothes tomorrow.. I only have 3 more days of freedom!!!! 
Night guys. it is 12:15 am. I have accomplished nothing around the house today 
spending another day w/my fave lil man...never have 'nuff of those since we dont attend church w/him anymore  im missing too many things!
@enzoyug I had killer cough for 3 weeks - turned out I had bronchitis  take care &amp; get thyself a stash of antibiotic goodness!
decided to be a beyotch today and ran around crazily when they said come, sit and stay, then peed in the house, didn't work out too well 
sore from bball camp  but it was fun I won a dollar and gatorade 
didn't go to club dance  and todays suppose to be the summer kick off  ughh now im bored at home
schools over.. finally, claire left to go over seas today, she'll be gone for like 6weeks... ill miss her sooo much *tear* 
no exercise this morning having a well earned little lay in. have little legs cold. not impressed with that! pass me the beechams. 
its the perfect day for hot coco and shnuggles- neither of which i have access to 
just got back from bowling! did horrible  but at least i got some late night dim sum and boba to replenish from the gym-work today.
@siren223 sorry to hear about the bad days...   Would love to buy you a drink or something cool to help you feel better!
just realized my hair dryer won't work here  went out w/ a friend from last summer yesterday... lots of fun!
@liketochirp We were terrified AND to add insult to injury that same cat came back every day to sit outside the window and stare at us 
@SomersetBob yep.....i generlly have to go through patient medical notes all day and cross check stuff 
I think I just ate a piece of moldy bread? In other news my left leg has been getting the chills for the whole day  wtf?
hoping the bathroom sink arrives today, getting annoying trying to use the current one which has a hole in it 
Feeling a bit ill this morning  will put a hold on the gym to see how things go.
back at work... cold diminished to the odd sniff, but I feel sick to my stomach this morning, rubbish. 
I really want to just curl up in these blankets and cry like a sissy all day. Too bad that doesnt actually fix anything 
@Phooto good point. I think for a shuffle which are relatively cheap, it may be worth it for decoration. lost stuff stays lost these days 
morning everybody, its raining again  oh and starwars the old republic looks amazing, go to youtube and watch the interviews with bioware
@boopsyjam ...little creature steals more then an hour from me every freakin morning! I'm not even used to getting up early yet 
i really should do the ironing its been in a pile downstairs for several days and it just keeps on getting bigger no matter how much i do 
rain all day...no riding my bike into the office today.     But it was a good ride last night.  I'll post route later.  #fb
3rd sick day in a row with my 5 yr old.. fever still up to 102.. doc said that this virus going around has a long-lasting fever  poor guy
paloma got her team audrey shirt today - jealous! i ordered my atl bundle package though, yay! no school tomorrow. sick 
Opticians was fine...shame the rest of the day seems to be heading downhill at a rapid rate of knots 
@murderdof ill bring boosh 2 in when kate brings the 3rd on bak, mum said i cnt lend more than 1 out at a time 
meant 2 b meetin friends down @ the local park 4 a celebratory afternoon seein as every1's finishd, bt wit this weather i don't think so! 
@sjaay_x i went to the gym to work on this sexy body ahha don't know whether i'll see your face tomorrow either, i'm a bit sick 
@ladysavage80 I'm just hoping it's a little less volatile tomorrow, I want to take my girl to the park 
thinks nothing makes a day great like waking up to find your new quad server doa. 
started her day with a sore back, a stiff neck and no hot water for her shower....awesome 
Grace dr appt, getting shots, daddy will have to hold her down. What a way to start my day  pray for her and this dad too.
just got home from a dance practice... *tired... my days are always exhausting... blah. blah. 
getting ready for a 12 hours work today in the blazin hot sun! ugh! It's way too early..I wanna sleep!! 
morning twitters... behind schedule for my weekly road trip   but with the setback im still expecting greatness
spontaneous fancy dress last night was so much fun... was the end of an era with our group -  the first people we ever met at uni 
@TalkingWithTami speaking of not hearing from folks *clears throat*.... U forgot about me yesterday  I feel like a red headed step child
can't believe its raining in south shields  now i don't know what to do think i might bag enter shikari's new album and chill for the day
@vampirefreak101 audition is in 3hours..i've got a headache  it's a wednesday thing....otherwise good...u???
Nothing puts you in your place until your doing laundry and cleaning up your child's vomit in the middle of the night      
oh good, as I'm moving my things to the new machine I'm sent back to the old one for the morning.   
has just been out on mx; muddy + wet;  west brom away first day of season (yn) work at 3 :@ grrr just want some sleep 
hate rainy mornings! when is summer gunna show its face???? 
@Clurrr my exact day.  the boxing man annoys me, as soon as i get into one rhythm he changes it and i get left behind again 
MOSS training session done this morning, deployment &amp; testing fun this afternoon - shame it's sunny out there 
morning, chores today. going into the kitchen late - 2p. haircut, home depot, clean gargage, recycle, wash my car. nothing involve food  
skippin class today..... its too nice for summer class...going for a run, tanning, walking, lunch, working (it wont be the same  )
only a few more hours still... oh and by the way my mom doesn't have a computer so you won't see many updates this summer sorry 
Resenting the landscapers who start running heavy machinery in the neighborhood at 6am. So loud my head hurts- not a fun way to awake. 
@Asduh we have a lot of homework and tests too... I've a nice day today but i'm kinda tired 
takin some cold medicine then goin 2 bed..essence is a no go 2day  thank u 2 every1 who wished me luck... they'll b another time :shrugs:
i hate tlc for ruining my favorite hour of the day. i make sure i'm awake to see say yes to the dress from 11-12. now its only at 11 
day off, poolside w/ katy, possible rangers game w/ the girls...working way too early tomorrow morning though 
back from a marathon 5 hour intra-ofc meeting. god i need more hands, i need more minds, i need more time 
@LaLaLaLaLemon I was denied lunch yesterday because of the roadwork! Lamberts was too risky to try to get to, you'd be stuck for a while. 
I always hate it when the first thing I hear in the morning at work is an alarm coming from the server room &amp; my voice mail light is on 
So I am totally taking a sick day... I hurt my back at the gym! No bueno! But the results are poppin' lol... I hurt 
Has this ever happened to anyone? I opened up a new milk this morning. Expirationa date is next tuesday, but the milk was sour!!! 
On the way downtown 4 10 hours of dance tech and dress rehearsals. Yay. 
for sakes of goodness, can i please stop worrying ? -- side note just woke up &amp; craving cereal but there's none in the house 
Family is all gone now   now for a busy weekend of hockey and relay for life #fb
anyone else shocked by the zicam news today? permanent loss of smell!? wtf?  had this in house and my hubs has used.  http://bit.ly/esGah
Just came home from the rec... gottta find somethin to do, so text ;D i hope it doesnt rain all day  !!!!
No swimming for me today  And no one wants to go to the splash pad, either. This town is filled with fun-less jerks 
@glasswentsmash so true! well... I just had a shower, now I'm going to grab some food to see me through the next few hours, wish me luck 
Grammalynne had a tire blowout conveniently during my lunch break  sad. In other news, following @mental_floss =best decision I ever made.
Not at da laker parade   too bad for sure next year ill be there ;0
i wish 2 turn right into his arms of safety but i dnt hav a  chance 2 tlk 2 him.  i am def. much better for him any day!! need 2 tlk 2 him
Naps don't make me feel any better afterwards. Just more tired.. 
hurt my leg today in gym. aw pooh 
just learned of upcoming round of musical-offices. maybe this time get private space? maybe get a door? will def lose my window.   sad.
goood morning, winter concert today, miss most of school but have to miss bball training tonight...  haven't played clarinet for ages :S
okay not working a double today, thanks to this crappy weather  instead going to get guitar hero and playing it all night 
@MsVanityQT right now, i only eat like 1/2 a meal a day  can you please help my scrawny ass out?
@simonmcnamee 3.0 is a bit sexy! Apologies for the lack of party-age last night, phone died right after I replied to you the last time 
statistics is awesome... NOT! tomorrow it's allll over, it's crunch time!! i havent seen my best friend in 3 weeks cuz of this i miss her 
studying economics....woomp woomp  but come monday ill be on the beach!!!
duuuuude! so I come into work and my boss tells me someone died in the gym this morning. he had a heart attack. he was just walkin around 
Its soo fun to have drinks with friends,however, it is so not fun to cater to the hangover that awaits the following day 
just lost to st mirren in the scottish cup 5th round  leonnie thing about the snake made me lol
my jukebox broke down the other day..so i have no way of listing to my records  oh well ill buy me a record player in a few monhts
back from down town. met some people I know but it wasnt that fun! :/  no drinking cause I have work tomorrow.  I NEED to party!! 
This has been a do nothing day  I hate when I fell unproductive. It's 95 degrees out. So nice to be inside at the computer / watching TV.
Going out to eat with the fam....card games tonight then to bed and then in the morning we have to leave 
 bored&amp;&amp;my foot is killing me. hopefully I can still go to sandhills this weekend!!making my RAMEN N00DLES so I can take my medicine. brb
@erinmillsliving poor girl   I only went cuz it was our snack day. made cute loot bags, gave 1/2 2 other team, 1/2 our team didn't show.
my mind is not working ive been staring at the same piece of paper for atleast an hour 
playing depressing songs atm, my day keeps getting better by the hour  *sigh*. @AmyMarshall722 wish i was in the mood for that girlie =[
just learned how to play sudoku, having a glass of wine, chillin, as there is a 10 hour day in store for me tomorrow 
my phone took its first spill to the cement.  done shooting. feels like i've been pumping iron all day. arm is sore!
@Cassiedog I hate when that happens. That one had some juicy miles. 
The boys nasty allergies have morphed to 102 degree fevers &amp; T slept 5 hours this afternoon. Lots of hand washing at our house tonight 
watching summer of sam at home with @ivyintherough this movie is so sad. anything regarding love and pain..breaks my heart 
@taylorswift13 i wanna see you this summer but the day you're at madison square garden my brother is leaving for college 
@centrechick For me, no tech = busy = stay later = bitter burnt-out 'bug! 
had my hands full w my lil man, had to get his 6 month shots today! didnt enjoy it very much.  
fun day. took bailey to the park with brit, frisbee, humane society, pet store, and starbucks. i love summer. work tomorrow 
Getting a bit sad being away from my man this long. A weekend here or there and about 20 mins on the phone every day is just not enough! 
aww man i'm gonna have to miss @IamSpectacular freak hour today cause my laptop with dead on 
Jogging in the afternoon = good; wanting to run more for the first time ever = good; shin splints = very bad 
Oh yeah.... bad news of the night, one of the waitresses I knew died in a horrific jet ski accident...very sad, life is short 
Looks like its going to be a long night working on my science project 
wish I could kick this cold so that I can buy new cycling gear and finally go out for a long ride. but have to wait till monday.. 
finally home. whew! long but great day. wont see my baby for a while.  hopefully i can find something to do.
My back and neck aches soo freaking much.  I can't wait until this weekend. I'm staying in bed allllll day, damnit!
@sthomas412 haha yeah a couple of guys from my church are performing but their leaving really early and i have no ride 
I would start the next book in the series tonight but I have to be up early to set up my friends baby shower 
had someone bust out my window and steal my garmin  but the rest of the day was great...sigh
life is crazy; summer is good. harder 2 find time 2 sing n dance when there are other people in the house, tho. haven't baked yet either. 
@KaylaNikole lol all is well we started on a new song and I wanted 2 give a sneak peak preview  ill be here til 5am anyway how r u?
.:. tonight was soo fun!!!:: babysitting again but its cool! money honey :::  misssin my besties!  .:.
i hopes you all had a great day.i jumped on three cats and learned lots about #purpleiran from my dad.  actually i didn't learn anything. 
had a really fun movie night with my sister.... i am so going to miss doing things like that with her when i leave for school 
I need to stop worrying. Nothing I can do until the morning anyway  #gokeyisadouche #gokeyisadouche #gokeyisadouche #gokeyisadouche
so sick of the nz cold winter, want sunny summer to come back and brighten up my life at the beach house!! cmon where are yooou 
woww i never update this but hookah makes my head hurt too bad  woodlands tomorrow bright and earlyyy :/ night twits
why does my head hurt every time someone wants to teach me german grammar? it is tooooooo Late at night! 
back to school today  (N) but still feel a little bit sick  ah well at least the weather is half decent (Y)
i'm sad im not going to thorpe park with every1 today...cudnt get the time off! And to rub salt in the wound the weathers blindin! 
@NinjaLikesCheez *tears* video games = death.  @damnELECTRIC if you send me the money, I so would, but i'm hella broke and up at 2:15am.  
woke up with the bugs of a cold creeping round and spreading their daily news to all places that are now sore or runny 
is all on her lonesome tonight!!  Being a domestic goddess will help time pass . . . i think :-S
@Clydeville cheers - yeah a lot on right now ... bloody jury duty next week   - u guys keeping well - it's not long now till the big move
Bitterly monitoring fun being had with 3.0 ahead of buying new 3GS tomorrow. Like having broken leg and watching others on trampoline 
*has an upset stomach* Hopefully the meds will kick in soon. I've kinda overdone it this week 
Starting a long day and hoping everything turns out alright with my students pony... sigh 
so i'm in the gym and back on the merry-go-round feeling the burn but missing the cake 
When I say awake...I mean going to get coffee and donuts on my way to the carwash kind of awake!!!  24 hours carwash??  Not likely 
no school 2moro YAY wait that means ive gt a hole day ahead of me with nothing to do  oh well im sure ill fihure it out
Just saw photos of the tipi field being constructed. This upsets me as I thought people lived in them all year round  #glasto
Its raining...again!  its always raining here. What is the point of having summer if cant tan or get in the pool. I also cant see you...
@theillestmag Yes, I fell , gave myself a chin check speed walking in the office, totally tried to be cool and break the fall *fail 
my research on cloud backup all too timely: lost one of my hard drives in the storm last night  results of my research soon!
well it is another rainy day out... this freakin sucks  stuck inside again
Why did I bother to iron my lucky white pants today? 2.5 hours on a train and now they look like I picked them up on off the floor 
@PrettyValerie lol, well cant lose the name! guess ill have to put up with them  So got big plans for the weekend?
@daybreak1012 Aw, I don't see it!  I hate when that happens!
What a rainy gloomy week...cant even get into our new pool 
What a miserable day...kinda glad I'm off and I don't have to go outside! But my only delivery options are Chinese or pizza 
spending the day in philly. at the gameeee. im sure there will be allll kinds of rain delays! 
Starting my second job tomorrow...isn't summer supposed to be about relaxation and getting tan? yeah not on my watch 
regrets her chips and sausage lunch  .... feels all heavy in my tummy!! extra motivation for the gym tonight tho!!!
@neilhaskell you are LIVING the good life, minus an off shoulder! soak up the rays bro while i go to rehearsal 
different day, same journey. different auto, same negotiation. different tactic, same failure  bloody delhi autos!
seriously like the most boring day ever! its raining, studying for algebra regents, and i'm home alone, and there's nothing on tv 
im been in home a hole day. with my brother. no one else did not came here yet. but mom should be here by now.  and she's not. (
so hot outside...took pitchas of the dorm today for the site, forgot to pack lunch  decided definitely ragdoll over maine coon 4 first cat
yes' the sun is back! one day left for summerbreak. i'm so excited, but it is kinda sad to 
having a wee break from boots 4 a couple of hrs bac in at 6 though 
this weather blows. it has been raining non stop this whole damn month  its depressing!
oh dear, i may be getting the flu  not a good time to catch it. meeting the parents this weekend.
@rubydoor yeah it will be funny someday. A large pipe broke on the 3rd floor, ran all night &amp; destroyed our offices and equipment on 2&amp;1 
@alrightmateex3 same. when are we gonna get blankets etc? i want there at lunch  think im going into town tomorrow night for dress? x
done with most, but didn't do a couple of things.  I shall wake up in 4 hours. *cries* 1st week of school and i'm already losing sleep.
@Jacks1973 How rude  ;) I'm good thanks miss, cooking tea for my mummy as its her B-day  hows all with u? x
find me in one of those little independant study rooms at the library, ill be in there for a couple of hrs 
a bit drunk after drinkin at school.. last day! 
This girl spilled coffee on my dress this morning so I had to wash my dress in the sink at work and wait for it to dry.. so annoying  
looks like my brother's graduation is going to be in a very small #squarespace gym 2morrow because of the rain  talk about hothothot.
My lunch date cancelled.    I took a shower, put on make-up and my favorite outfit for nothing.    I think I'll go shopping.
Dance festival was mint! The only bad thing was i got a hole in my leggings and we had to share a dressing room with a diffrent school 
does anyone live near triangle square that can give me a ride 2 cantina lounge tomorrow nite??? i cant drive yet 
okay apparently its not meant for me to swim today :/ first a kid shits in the pool and now its storming at the lake  fuck...
this weave its turning out to be a bust....idk man it might not last the expected 2 weeks 
couldn't got to work tonight due to a multiple stabbing incident outside our bar, there's blood everywhere - it's a little disconcerting 
wasnt feelin it today. my ipod flew off on the treadmill when i got at .6 miles. ruined my timing and i didnt feel like getting back on 
summer goal: get a sassy tan and be skinny again! 
I hope the rest of the day flies by, I've had to do a lot of pointless crap today and I'm over it. Is it time for softball yet? 
@DNyC3 fuk ! I dont know how imma score a decent young lady for my b-day if you dont know any escorts 
I've been trying to boost my iron all week  so I can  give blood  tom.  I always get through the paperwork and then my iron is too low 
OK, I need ideas for a fathers day gift for my dad.  I had bought him a bunch of old jazz records but they got left in my old car  
Nothing like pumping water out one's basement. Who cares about missing an important meeting I've been planning for 2 weeks. 
back home,nice evening with friends at the restaurant, unfortunately didn't manage to finish the bag  20 more min would've been fine
My train better pull in soon. I'm gettin' sunburnt out here! 
i finally got the living enviornment regents out of the way. now summer vacation has really started. didnt get to see my cuzins today 
was barely even able to touch my lunch today... now its sitting here cold as ice.. lol. shaking my damn aching head! 
@jonaskevin wish we could see you this summer in philly-will be on vacation-sorry    good luck with the tour!!!
@CharlieDanger82 non-paid vaca days suck but look at the bright side. No traffic! I can't believe I just said 'bright side'. 
Anyone else waking up early tomorrow for new iPhone, guess I'll be getting in line around 5  glad the apple store is 5 minutes away.
major rainage today...proper pissed me off! we couldnt get the covers on in time..wet pitch as usual 
&quot;i had a good day cause i didn't die or have to wait in any really long lines&quot; alas, if only i had that same optimism 
@AnimalPlanet I beg to differ, as my boss's puppy chewed up my favorite shoes yesterday at work. 
critique group tonight! i can get my monthly dose of creative adrenaline. distance sucks.  skype is a poor substitute but it'll have 2 do.
It's a brand new day with kinda soggy lips. This is getting old I know 
I wish something would make my shoulder feel better  so much pain need a lounging day
So excited for the midnight sun festival this weekend. Just watched someone get a parking ticket! 
Just sat having really good blub after reading beautiful email about friends loss of her dog 2day 
Its hs graduation day round here - so time to hit up the party circuit. Too bad I got no room 2 grub thanks to my bet 
The pool killed my contest winning buzz.  I'm super tired &amp; hot..But tan is coming in right on time:  http://twitpic.com/7rbd5
@epicfailanne  no rage please! it's bad for u. big apple is fine. bit stressful first few days. fell sick yesterday. boo.
@tierawheeler no  i just had a really bad day. &amp; The worst sun burn on my back in my life. you can see the bow/string line D:
euro and french finals in the morning  almost done. then erins house, bowling, lunch, and graduation with syd...busy day =]
Next time I decide to lay in the pool all day im definitely using lots of sunblock... got a killer sunburn today 
@cassieventura powww! does this mean lunch soon?  have a safe flight boo!
The coaching gig this week was awesome. Reminds me how much &quot;perfect world&quot; advice is out there and how little practical advice. 
was loading CDs onto my nano, but have already run out of room   anxious to go on our trip, but will miss/worry about jake!
@Cristee no chat tonight. I still have canoe practice to go to once my indigestion subsides 
Laying n bed watching don't mess with the zohan...have 2 get my tooth pulled on some early morning ish....not a happy camper 
Lunch break ending - seriously doubting my concentration this afternoon even though I have a bunch of stuff to do 
I found out that everyone likes online applications.........Unfortunately this was after 2 blisters and an all day hunt! 
So much things this week... I had a small incident doing the opening of the 5th show  my face is hurt!
today i swam down to the wreckage from flight 447. pushed some stuff around to help the humans pull it out of the water. very sad. 
16 &amp; pregnant is soooooo sad!! She left the 3 day old baby on the corner of the table while going to make a bottle...sooooo sad 
poor matt, got really sick on his graduation day  just got home from mt.sinai ... moving outta my apt in boca this weekend! craziness!
@turnthemusicup you're lucky you don't live in china. i was biking the other day and some dude biking in front spat and it hit my leg 
@mattchew03  awww... poor baby!! I would bring you one if it wasn't a 10 hr drive... at least I would have plenty of places to pick it up!
@jenafinfin baha meee twoo man. i couldnt stand her. but summer school is way worse.  and lol yeahh and bringin the days back. bahah.
my gripes for today: #1.someone really walked out of my place of employment with my phone....so ill b needin numbers very soon 
ate poorly today  Is doing situps, but no amount of them will make her feel good.
@sixinthenw And tomorrow I go to a memorial service for a lovely young woman at my church who was killed by a drunk driver this week 
I want to take angelo to lego land bt its to far...  does anyone have any ideas to take a 7 year old for a fun day
Why is it that when there is a perfect opportunity for someone to kiss you like on a bridge in the park at night. They don't 
Ugh, had a pretty big dinner a couple hours ago but now I'm _starving_ and feel faint from hunger 
i just got some organic body wash and lotion for me and ethan.. reading twilight and going to bed lots to do tomorrow 
Why is there nothing in this house to make in less than 30 minutes other than eggs?! Makes me wish my road test were sooner. 
So thankful for this sleeping bag and air matress...Exhaustedd. tomorrow is our last full day with the beebs  !
just watched grand torino; legit, but made me sad. here i am watching movies turnin down others of beer pong invites  gym in the morning.
A coffee and some formula diet pulver is a good start into a week. Why diet drink? If I will get a permanent job I have to loose 9 kilos 
Why do i stay up so late then torture myself by having to wake up tommorrow morning 
@YesItsTiffany haha release that tension!  pop it in pop it out, repeat! Haha work at 4am  sleepy time nighty night!
Why is it that when the kids borrow things they go missing such as 1 tent and 2 sleeping bags I need for tomorrow 
awesome day iceskating didnt stack!=D but i went for a run up hug from karlee &amp; we fell &amp; i hit the back of my head on the concrete! ouch 
Going to the mall with laura after our exam, then memorial thing for my grandmother  and tonight going out.
@fatherdave your tweet re young man, jail and 3 meals a day a bit back saddened me. so wrong, yet so true 
Classes start today. This sucks! No child should have to go to summer school. It's ok for grown-ups though... responsibility = suffering  
transformers &amp; ice age 3! mm, lots of cinema trips soon. cried at the joy division interview in nme this morning  &lt;33
@geoffdicks good start to the day, almond croissants for two, gotta nice smile &amp;long chat with fellow schl-run mum ;) Then card declined 
Munching my way through the couple of shit burgers that were prepared for me yesterday. And don't even get me started on the hangover 
baby sitting tonight, instead of going to see the hangover again hmm  but it gives me an extra 20 for my holiday i suppose lol 6 days ahh!
feels like going into town, but swine flu :| too much homework and got two full day shifts  thanks to someone... haha
is planning to hammer through the day to try and finish early... bugger, there's a 7pm meeting scheduled  #thisismylife
I cant wait to see @SaminaSammie been missing her  x x also excited bout tonight, dinner and a party should b V.fun ---- 49 days to go!! x
just what I needed ... google docs gone flaky during my only proposal writing block for the day  #cloudpain
getting a make over was the plan, but getting dark wasn't...  few hours of cricket under our sun and your a gonnar in the color department
in the middle of work hell - going to spend the weekend in a locked room on my own and fast 
things i didnt get to do leaving for work this morn: finish breakfast, brush my teeth, put on makeup, drink H2O or wash my face. 
http://twitpic.com/7sgb1 - hey thunder storm and earliest day of college 
looks like ill be goin to att 2day too       maybe ill leave with a new toy? hmmm
going camping later &amp; i really dont want to  please god, let there be a storm over northumbria, sometime around 5.30
Swedish summer... rain  I really fucked everything up last night, how can I make something better when im so far away from home? :/
woke up again a bit ago, I still feel horrible. will just have bed and film day I reckon. Wish the missus was about 
Those of you that do this whole 4:30 - go to work thing. I feel your pain this morning. 
i want to go shopping...  miss my mummy want to spend a nice day with her.... love you, you're amazing &lt;3
done with dinner. now to start planning my up coming weeks of college and life.  i'm going to be very busy. waaa!!
preparing for a boring lesson of french...consisting of watchhing powerpoints  roll on this weekend!
@BradSabbath It is where a woman's ovaries do not release their eggs properly each month. It has a ton of nasty side effects. 
Waiting for the swelling to subside in the back, that will take another week. One small problem &amp; life's plans go for a toss 
Morning All. Thoughts for the day: I really appreciate my job with awesome coffee, good peeps, and weekends off. Others not so lucky 
in literacy reading brian's winter. eww AND I have double period of lit 
home from regional dance, so tired, going to sleep will be exhaqusted in the morning though, sorta dreading dancing and babysitting 
I might have to rethink the 45 mile ride tomorrow if the heat index is going to feel like 110 
heart breaks again... what am i supposed to do? its party tonight. maybe the chance to get drunk and forgett the sorrow for a moment... 
Roberts leaving  hope you have a good time miss ya already have a fun and safe trip
Resuming the gym after a gap with squats on the first day was a bad idea... my legs would be sore throughout the weekend... 
Daughters right eye runs cuz of her allergies and it was stuck shut this morning. So pitiful looking. 
@TrevorDickerson I had class, no chasing for me.  There was a slight risk of severe wx - looks like today is going to be interesting too
Sweating over a proposal for a large conglomerate in qatar. No weekend for me looks line...  But its fun to have work especially now!
good walk! not going to work today-no bears on set i was told. would stay with @punkrockblue but i cry a lot w/o mom &amp; dad. sep anxiety. 
Still don't understand this follow friday  didn't take this long for me to understand the off-side rule lol
Last night some woman asked my age. I made her guess. She said 31. It was a blow to my ego. I have never been told I look older than 25 
Boring day ahead of me. Why do I have to do stuff when I'd be perfectly fine with chocolate milk and my music...? 
INTERPUPS - a quality puppy delivered to your door &amp; relax....it's insured for 6mths! I couldn't believe this!!    (via @auntywainright)
If I wouldn't have had to work tonight (which I really shouldn't have) I would be at a b-day party. with cake and bbq ... 
off to run the race for life in a bit, I cant see myself doing it tbh, I havnt done sports in like a month!!! So unfitttt 
@djenrie sounds like a fun filled day!! I wish mine was as fun as yours.  I have to go to work  saddest place on earth!
We have a workshop in a fortnight to thrush out the details. Not sure what  the rest of the guys will think 
In a way it's kinda cool being able to pinpoint the precise 30second interval where yr day became unsalvagable 
goal of work day: see hot interns face. So far, no sightings. Only his northface backpack and laptop in his cube. 
fml can an eye infection go away in like 8 hours? i had big plans for tonight 
what a lovely start to the weekend tears, smacked my head on the draw, no plans and no clothes 
and now in a videoke session, my eyes are starting to drop craving for sleep..and there's still work tomorrow..hope i can wake up on time 
@mjsbigblog Thanks! That performance made my day, especially in lieu of current Idols music! 
i missed another @clutchthebear prize pack opportunity on my bday yesterday  oh well. i can never win!!!
@rymillr no problem, hope things are fine with you. I am shattered, no sleep since wednesday night, can't sleep on long haul flights 
i guess ill be home for 5 days instead of getting a tan on the beach. and that means no new video. sorry folks. im upset 
Nags head is a no go for next weekend  so time to plan my moms 50th birthday party
Spending the entire morning half grocery shopping for my moms place...wow! i want boba! 
@shellzmarie sis wish i went to the gym with u. but w/the morning i had, just my luck a barbell woulda fell on my foot or something.. 
Couldn't get sitter 4 kids  missing #YellowTie event - very bummed...hope to make next &quot;meet w/directors&quot; WAHD is a tough gig sometimes
looks like  the sun and clouds are having a fight on whos gonna dominate the rest of the day...let the sun live been cloudy 4ever 
@linda_astersage cool tip on the packing tape. i was cursing mine the other day ;) hate sending a pckg with wrinkled tape 
@edwestwicklover haha yep! you shud come round my house and we shud do the dance :L getting a bit steamy!! the text message ruined it! 
aw today is the white tie affair, and matt nathanson (spelt wrong!) show for 107 and then owl city and holiday parade at rocketown  fml
I have water in my ear since last night's shower ((((((( tried home remedies to get it out, and nothing is working  any ideas?
tonight was good , quite tired actually but im not going to go to bed lol ! miss @gemma02  hope your having a great time!- loveuuu&lt;333
There's nothing to do but go sleep, I can't believe age of empires 3 was the highlight of my evening. And I lost! 
@Jayrbrklyn what house warming gift?? man i missed my flight  my kick been dead all day
okay ... there is NO way I'm going to be out of here before the Yankees game ... so much for having a day off ... 
...red red wine... stay close to me... 
@therecordlife ha ha cool now i want to swim,but the gym is close  wow u have a busy day. i want 2 go 2 max's show  i love his voice 
Next time we leave food somewhere by accident, I'm picking it up that night. Might not be getting our food back at all. 
If I hadn't spent so much money over the last few months I'd be having a fantastic night out with somebody very gorgeous right now 
Still no baby  We spent the last couple hours wandering store aisles &amp; auto park 2 try 2 get the contractions started again, no luck 
bummer...my session with a long time blog stalker had to be rescheduled after her cutie pie son had a fall today...scraped up his face 
Studying for maths AND physics while the rest of my family go to the coast for the day... How lame 
I should have went to the crowded ass bank when I got off. I have NO pesos in my wallet  ill go first thing in the morning.
@elizabeth_ann all safe now. storm calm now. new batch on its way 
Just out the shower, my legs feel half fabulous! Someone do something with me tomorrow 
What a great send off at the store today, I'm going to miss everyone there SO much, they became like family to me 
oh man i miss summer  and the tennis and the beach and everything about summer. i think im gina cry
turns out that flush and fill took longer than expected, r/d meeting, then dinner with fam... *sigh* batting cages will have to wait 
has a wet bum, no coffee and football called off! what a start to the weekend! 
True story: my family's sail boat was struck by lightening and burned to a crisp. No sailing this summer 
@niK_ily  but you'll feel so much better afterwards!
its raining again. lazy day today i think, watching teen cribs.. nothing else on  studying and might make some cupcakes for show 2morrow
Driving to the shop. I was SUPPOSED to get tattooed this evening, but somebody double booked my slot 
@atruejewel.. yes girl the free99 budget plan has to last me all weekend lol so sad 
@SarahAMurdoch went there last year but everything was closed cos of rain..  only time i been
A rainy day &amp; a snotty nose. No fun 
we had such a great 4 day (fire dept. talk) that it I miss him extra today  awww, puke.  rite? lol
At buffalo wild wings with the fam our last dinner with christina before she goes back home tomorrow 
just took about four half hour naps after dinner, good god I've become my father 
hopes and dreams shattered...fashion valley &amp; mission valley apple stores sold out...no iphone 3G S on first day for me 
tomorrow is solstice... my mom won't be home, but she's taking my car.  so it's looking like no festivities for me.
@dadiaperbank ventral sounds more serious! good luck w/festival rest of the weekend! wish could go, but have to finish painting garage! 
So I went to a play in town tonight, I know I shouldn't say this, but I feel like I want those two hours of my life back... 
No more high heels on show day  I want my fuzzy slippers.
We have our first swim meet on tuesday!! I'm so excited for my kids! stinks I have to miss small group though 
got stuck in the downpour.  By the time I went home I looked like a participant in a wet-T contest. Also a bad idea to wear sandals! 
spent the afternoon blasting dirt off the deck. damn, pressure washers are unconscionably noisy 
is awake and watching twilight since there is no way i can go to sleep :/ darn afternoon naps 
Wrkin the midnight shift alone. crazy storm outside! satellite signal gone so no tv. this is not fun!  
I am so hot tonight ..... and not in a  good way  pray for me. hey, pray for us all I do every day just in case ya'll think no one is  4 u
another fun day - especially the sweet club seats at the rockies game. not so fun, dropping my phone in the toilet 
worst flu ever  laying on lounge watching 'Guess who's coming to dinner', a stellar cast! imagine the controversy 40 odd yrs ago..
@lasandrac essos is dat deal, real nice inside awww man greek picnic days  lol
i believe the problem the past year with meeting decent people who actually want to be with me for reals is because i lost my sparkle. 
@Franzmo I just listened to the link, and my heart broke in 12 million peices. You just ruined my great day 
hitting the gym first thing in the morning means getting to bed early, too bad my laundry takes forever 
damnit Things is telling me i have 2 homework assignments due today &amp; a paper a week overdue and another in a few days... maybe no movie 
hello specs, i've missed you like nobody's business. but i miss her more  eight more nights...
finally home, i stopped at lindsay's after dropping everyone off.. she leaves for the airport in like an hour 
@delta_goodrem yesss! watching movies when its raining is the best! i've been stuck in bed all weekend with glandular fever  xx
So fucking busy today! No time for food, water, or even to pee!  tired
@tommcfly i fainted before the support act last night so i went from the barrier to the back on my own  you were awesome though, as usual
missing out on a day of paintballing for gav nd libz hen/stag do.couldnt afford it and there was no space left in the cars 4 me. 
So no lady gogo tonight  I'm kinda sad about it ... I got dressed up and looked pretty awesome to go to the local watering hole (boring)
this evening was too eventful for twitter. worked 12+ hours, came home, hot, powerless apt; 3 a.m. - BLAAAAM!!!! power on=fire alarm. fun 
that's it, starting tomorrow, only healthy food for me, and no alcohol! I hate stomachaches  and you forgot to give me those awesome p ...
hurt my thumb  had fall off horse  single again but we r stil besties...long distance...sucks. i &lt;3 s.k. tea;) portugal next week
has to open the economics textbooks and stare at their pages for the rest of the weekend 
such a long dAY...family reunion tomorrow. that should be intresting. I'm not looking forward to being outdoors in direct heat.  &lt;-bitch
aah best last day today! epic game of hide and seek and a drunken water fight, i got a beer poured over my head haha  byebye darwin!
Other weekend stuff - kids activities (art/perform,horse riding) and dog walking. Seriously need to catch up on paperwork 
morning everyone! i have been up since 4ish and i casnt go to sleep!  grrrrr  38 days until demis concert! (: &lt;3
@Kittycat01 lol.. of course!!! saw loads of southern fire engines arriving yesterday but obviously sent them with retired men 
@CGiboi The party is 2pm to 330pm the rain better stay off or I've got 20 kids aged 5yrs running round my house 
on my way out the door... road trip.. driving lili up to camp... 3 whole weeks before I see her again...   all olivia all the time... aye!
@arjun_sessions ya, but very less chance of getting  it 
On the train to manc, alisdairs here too. Missed the clothes swap  i reckon i'll be around for the rest of the events
thought we lathered the kids w/ sunscreen well yesterday.  guess not: they all have some red marks 
@JeffGignac haha good stuff. sounds fun! it's raining today...  i'm off to a wet edgefest. hope you have a great day at the w.f. festival!
feeling a bit worse for wear after an insane, drunken night - luckily made the last train but left my sunflower in the pub 
june camp were just fine for me. fun and enjoyable. but still , i prefer march camp. 
@gougie you too eh? man I'm so out of it... definitely do not feel like doing all the food prep and stuff I have to this morning. 
trying to find something super quick to eat then off to work in ten minutes. dont feel like going though  o well have a good day! xoxo
My throat hurts like a rock accidentally flew in whilst ibwas singing yesterday.  AND I have a show tonight...oh boy.
ok so i still have a ton of politics to do  badtimes. saturday night has officially gone down the drain
rain...for about the 7th day in a row ...awesome..     im so beat and nott in the mood for work
On a brighter note he's going 2 build a chicken coop next week so the local fauna stop eating my chicks-need to pick up some replacements 
@lakras Oh how sad  I had a injured house finch the other day...hope the puppy is ok,that's no fun either!
@dberianh was offered coordis one night in a bar in wentworth. alas twas the beer talking. took me a few weeks to get over disappointment 
Sleeping in + grocery store + dad day shopping + party tonight = no run for me today 
@drunkenmonkey87 glad your busy, we're bored to tears, and stuck indoors 
had 2 play in both games last nite.  grr.  fam that got in the accident is fine last i heard so im happy.  have 2 walk across town today. 
is a lil upset she got dissed from going to the shooting range this morning b/c guys wanted a guy day 
@crushstar I'm glad you made it thru the night camping with the crazy weather! If ur bored, stop in my office. I'll be there til 8 
need to excercise-will help w illness. need to practice poi tonight, its been a few days  bad bad fire spinner!
If i keep disparearing its cos we are packing up the house ready for the builders coming in next week... so V V busy! 
so i had a long day at work last night!!!! super broke people n thbe club  dang!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
couldnt fit all my stuff in my car this morning so had to leave some shoes at home  Now trying to tidy things away before party tonight!!!
Drive to durban and back in one day. that's what happens when your house gets broken into during the rugby  http://twitpic.com/7wlz6
Across the lake is the whistle stop come get your snacks and soda pop ......  For the last time while i work there  
off to our kids closing day of baseball. parades. burgers. and rain 
On the go since half 8 this morning   why do my mum and dad like to to places early with me eating no food yet &gt;
nervous for my audition. fishbowl margaritas and a burrito the size of mexico was not a good idea last night 
coffee, coffee mmm. clouds have taken over my pool day plans  perhaps a hike in chautauqua instead...happy saturday everybody.
@gfitz wish I could be there, but 3 week old babies and 100+ degree heat don't mix well...    say hi to peeps and enjoy a cold beer for me
feelin prety rough today. no beers last night either. typical, get sick at the weekend &amp; be fine for work monday 
My meet up with tuti was great. We had movie and good food  I miss her alot I miss the days we chase 2pm together 
had money stolen from my table on our deck last night. about $10. u gotta get to those outside tables to get ur tip fast. people steal. 
anyone else see the sun front cover, with poor peter andre crying as his mother flew over to see him for the first time since his split 
oh bloody hell, someone could have mentioned it was fathers day before i got home 
YAY they actually sent me a check for that art show thing....although i bet my mom will still want me to use it for my meal plan  lol
where'd the big yellow thing in the sky go? It was here yesterday 
time 2 study hard--- 2 days holiday left    !!!gud night everyone!!!
@lyndsey_fry yes prob not the best drink choice..many bad decisions made last night 
why does the lake have to be all crappy over on my side?! really one nice day and it's ruined  hmm...but still hanging out with the aw ...
needs to start the big clean for the party next weekend plus homework.. 
feels fat. eating fast food for dinner for the past 3 days is not a good idea. 
@redatheart coool! i got really sick so i'm stuck in the house  such a shame that i have never been to the mermaid parade to this day
Riding my horse  I'm so tired and i didn't have time to sleep... I think i'm gonna fall asleep in the way to &quot;riding my horse&quot; haha xoxo
The hotel is only giving me a 30min check out extension so I'm going to be hanging out at the airport for a while today  This sucks.
laying out.  what's up in clyde tonight?  call the house or hit me up digitally! (no cell service 
Sean *another* rainy day in gotham.  anybody have creative ideas to do with this rainy saturday besides cafe-ing with a good book - my..
@astralrae plus the trishaw people in the nights, quite a nightmare  so a move is definite
The guys at the paint store have now set me back 3 hours in getting done today.  sad
never eat &quot;medium rare&quot; ground beef. it's ok if steak bleeds, not ground beef though. been sick till throat bled from last night's dinner 
Just got back from the wedding; reception in an hour:  toe has evolved from jellybean to purple smurf stage (if it had a face and a hat)  
j&amp;k plus 8 were just vacationing on the beach next to where were going in 3 weeks! I missed my chance to steal alexis  .. on to plan b
Maybe tomorrow I'll get the time to write/draw something...today's just been catching up on the boring chores 
good times with my girl joni last night... u know ur getting old when u look forward to eating after the bar instead of drinking more 
@EMFK My family insisted on getting together today, so I'm missing storms  but still, it's fun and hit my 2K mark early 
day of arrands with mama,, fun to spend some quality time with her. Writers block sucks without a twin to help you get rid of it  imucassi
home tomorrow, oh rage. duke of ed on monday for four days...this is the life 
@wandatastic nice bad day for a drive thought its all wet and rainy 
@VodkaChik safehouse just glitched half way through and went to the cut scene level completed woop woop! Just the last 3 now 
Wants there to be a season 4 of nbb :'( and hopes no schools fools day isn't the last one  anyone know anything ??
family stuff tonight  wishing i was barhopping with @gbaby24 &amp; cash of course lol
 I like to eat out a lil too much....I guess I just like being served after a crazy day @ work..I need a frequent diner card..lol eeeek!
Out for a lovely day at the lake... With no corkscrew  oh well we can do anything!
Its daddy's day tomorrow and i dont get 2 see my dad, boo  
Man, it's a horrible day to be stuck inside working. The sun wants me to go outside. 
@seedgirl nope, missed the morning sessions (but nice to read the gist from your tweet)  enjoy the meet up (I have a time conflict) 
It is time for a walk and I am dreading it - that mess yesterday has taken the fun out of it. 
When I am frustrated, I ate - not a good behavior I know, and I am working on it...but today I felt sad again so, lots of calories 
I'm afraid of many differents things. one of them is this - I don't like sit at night alone at home 
Just coming back from the mall, kind of tired but when i go home i need to finish packing for 2morrow 
just woke up happy go skateboarding day!!!! except its still wet atm 
ouch hangover  busy busy week ahead, packing up room to move n wishing a fairy would deliver me french fries from an evil place
is really sad she's missing her favorite boys of sparks the rescue, stop is the new go, too late the hero &amp; signal the escape, tonight 
@BongiMbelu im doing good hey, back to the normal job  also good to see all my mates again! lol i def dont miss the cold jozi nights!!
@boneyeric I thought you wanted a boys day.  I wanted to come play though!  I was trying to play it cool.  
Missing @soapwaffle with the crowd  But stay cool &amp; rest. C U soon 
@pariskennedy The lost grind opera looks great. Wish I had known about it a few days ago. We booked something that night. 
grrrr going to the mall is dead  keeping it lowkey at home...looks like a boring night
@joerogandotnet Wow  how about afterwards?
going to amber's house tomorrow for her birthday with katrina, wish i could of gone to the rocky horror picture show tonight 
@SkylineSymphony the summer set/my favorite highway/a rocket to the moon show at northstar bar in july is possibly officially sold out 
sleepy  father's day at lodge tomorrow. my thoughts arent making any sense even in my own head. but im eating yogurt.
Just heard that r church bus broke down  we have 2 workout a solution 4 pickin up the kids in the morning... please pray!
Why is it just hitting me that I am done with college!?!? I will no longer have the choice of blowing off an entire day...tear tear..  
ugh my tan line looks horrible in this dress  heading to @yosoykaitlin 's house to meet up with the others. should be fun tonight 
is on  way home from holiday world n driving through a nasty storm  pullin off
Yikes! Huge group of harley davidsons just roared past...sniff, i miss my biking days 
just woke up oh look it is 12:00 shit that sucks half the day gone 
@2012threads i don't think i can join you for the shoot tomorrow  nobody wants to work for me because its fucking dad's day. boo.
I went 2the store an got my chest measured 2day! Why the heck do I do that? It makes me feel SO bad after! Ughhh!  I need surgery! :/
mannn, gotta finish writing this music lol. its hard when you have blank days 
packing, still. the pool was so fun, im so glad i got to have good, clean fun on a nice summer day with my friends right before i leave 
So went to lake today.almost died.. And.. I got reaalt brown. But skin hurts.drivin to qeen creek now  hour drive there the hour back
but sitting in traffic afterwards, eh not so much 
went to my cousins graduation party tonight. good food, but i should have ate more, im hungrrry now 
can't sleep.  i let jack stay the night at his grandparents for the first time   maybe the vicodin and goose combo will kick in soon 
Feeling bloated in the crazy tight top they have 4 us tonight...  Why'd I go&amp; do something stupid, like eating dinner, on a work night?!
man, I hate playing halo all day but I've got nothing better to do 
Heyo just having a bonfire and some drinks with the girls it's time for summer lovin. Then bedtime and in the am studyinng 
outing was awesome!! cricket, food, swimming, water slides, bowling, food...now my body hurts like hell the day after 
I Just Arrive to my home  i'm sleepy ... today was not a cool day  i'm kinda sick so it makes all worse!
finally washed my hair. this was a good idea. mental note......dont leave it for a week. i can be festy at times 
hung out with cody today after not seeing him for an entire year! &amp; of course nobody invited me to their grad parties 
@questionerc ive been at the ball field all day too! reds lost  hows the mortuary going?
man today was a nice relaxing day at the beach wish i had someone to go with and watch the sunset together 
I can haz healthy late night hot fast food place? Such a thing does not exist 
okay so like today was def. the worst day of my life...urghhh...should have stayed home and watched college hill smh  
@somafarmreport lots  of soil, big pots grew 3 months lots of water every day, am missing piece of thumb (chopping) hard to type now 
parents home from lunch - slight fib about studying. waiting on msg from the boy about WoW and staying at his tonight - he's still sickly 
@WJFuoco we did a test run of smoked turkey last week.... It is good stuff.  I just have to cook it for 1 hour per pound.  20 lb turkey 
relaxing after the 8th grade dinner dance. So sad my kids are leaving me in four days................ 
I have a sore throat.. and even tho I've been eating soup and drinking hot tea all night nothing is helping..  
@appleiphoneapps you guys rock with the updates all day....  Too bad nothing cool has come out yet 
i can't text my muffin boo  he's off to puerto galera and i'm stuck here at @jovbhen condo to find my phone.. makes my day miserable.shoot
woah pasted twice @pantsler i will call but cant hang out much have to unpack and see my dad tomorrow. 
I didn't tweet my disc golf score today. I got +21. +1 more than last time poopy! 
doesn't want my fun week to end  normal life must set in again. @JonellMartin i miss you too!!! T.T you need to come here and see us!
poor sadie. she's thrown up a few times today  maybe her new food? or her flea medication? bah.
tonight freaking sucked. but now i have mexican leftovers, wine and chocolate. it's not as good as it sounds when your chillin alone 
@IamNovel tried to go in there but got stuck on the sign in page and then I heard you say goodbye.  
minor hangover today, not helpful when my husband wants to go out and test his new remote controlled plane...oh and it looks like rain 
worst weekend. ever. feeling like a sore loser. imagine studying on weekends.  how can it get any worse!!
just got home from bruno's party.i cant sleep!insomnia again.i saw some amateurs vids on the news about iran.so disturbing n sad 
@kappley didn't even end up going man, my back hurt too much. sorry homie  hope your night was better than ours
on my way home today  x happy fathers day dad !! , anyone what kinda tops are in ? !! x
. still not geting my sleeping patterns right..   chennai is getting crowderr.... had been to adyar ..in the eve to meet a couple of frnds
going to office today.    want to go to the beach.  bonfires tonight for midsummer.
not enough time for my rest  my arms are aching, i lost my voice, i have alot to think, school tomorrow, i have to read something
Otw to cousin's engagement party, and am not exactly wearing the right dresscode, my bad  busy weekend indeed, blaahh, no likey 
@kiranerdcore i don't even know wtf is nemesis. n-ball &amp; supertux ftw. + i'm bored cause i beat both of them yesterday 
rain means no soccer game today   I guess that just means more time to get stuff done around the house..!
@elegantamour more zombies? does this happen every night to you? poor thing  I hope your having good dreams now though &lt;3
Our beloved dog injured another leg (he's an amputee). We had to say goodbye to him this afternoon, there was no hope. 
saw a puppy get run over during my run today and it broke my heart. 
happy summer solstice. why wont the rain just end already? supposed to rain they say til jun 29 
@Stickyplasters fete was fab and felt ok; was a sauna-like theatre in the evening which may have contributed: officially feel poo 
best moment of the day: shoving sour tangelos into mm's mouth  worst: pregnancy readings and the essay i have to write 
What a awful week, bad weather, bad-tempered boss and no idea for my birthday 
I'm currently drinking a mocha frappuccino &amp; my dad is downstairs puking and doing other sickly things. Its not a very happy day for him. 
It is way too early to be up  my arms decided to stay asleep cause they had too much fun at the concert ha. Now for fathers day
All this twittering is making me miss my dad and stepdad wondering who is treating them to a meal over on the west coast  have a good day!
@breezyfeen inooo girl that's why I;m broke lmao! I;m going on a clubbing holiday 2 weeks 2day xD! awwww poor thing 
Is this some kind of joke? I haven't slept in yet all summer  making breakfast for my little bro and his friend harry&lt;3
@jazz0324 since its fathers day,im thinking of wat 2 do with my dad.But nothin yet.The weather sucks here.theirs no sun, only rain. 
So I sing in my church choir I luv it... However 2day is different cuz this lady next to me is funky and its makin my eyes water  help me
@bwJen I know   Lots of  things in the world that I can't control this week....thank you for the reminder to breathe.
spent the whole evening taking care of drunks in front of science world yesterday  http://plurk.com/p/131qoy
it was sad on graduation day. i cried for all my friends who i wont see again.  we had a great ride though and i dont regret anything
@agentla oh shut up! You're in better shape then me! I would be going but I don't have enough $ to pitch in for the room &amp; party 
I am definitely going to fail tomorrow!!!  and when did the boy that broke my heart all of a sudden start being nice :S I'm so confused...
gah havent twittered in a while  wondering how to fill out my application, finish 3 essays, and find the right monologue &amp; song in 1 week
I hate when I pay bills twice  It's fine if it's a small bill, but not a 200 dollar bill  oh well bright side, no bill next month.
@DJWREK1 fukit. i guess ill show up early for my spots from now on. lol or at least try to be early (will have to cut my pregame short) 
no prizes @ the umbraco bingo  too bad, maybe better luck next year #cg09 #umbraco #bingo
my mum is watchin mock the week and her laughing is starting to hurt my ears 
She killed her by hitting her like a bunch of times then the little girl went to sleep and didint wake up...  That's so sad,,
@semipenguin hey sweetie, hows ur afternoon going? i had dinner a bit ago, however its not agreeing with my tummy 
@sonyajk off topic: do you know when the splash pad opens? The sitter took the kids there today and still no water @ noon! 
@getonmylevel chillin on north. I'm sleepy. And want ice cream. I got an event 4 us to go to but ya ass gets off late this whole week 
home from swimming, slightly burned.. oops  time to make chicken salads before i fall asleep standing up (the sun took it out of us)!
The jewlery in my rook piercing fell out today at work. I have no clue where the ball went.  well I guess its time for a new barbell.
and down goes visual studio.  I think that's a sign that I need dinner. I heard the surf is really awesome today but too much going on 
saw someone have a freak attack at the hospital  I got some vitamin water, this should make my day.
nervous about my new job tomorrow.  i have complexes about not being absolutely right all the time slash not being perfect at everything 
@avm7878 ewwwie i'm on call. i can do lunch but it'd have to be on my side of town  i dont have to be in til 430 but have to drop baby off
i wonder if my cell will let me go online tonight. doesnt matter ill be in bed soon enough 
@jstudios it's a stunning day up here. I'm just camped on friends couch with tissues, tea and a blanket  but pumped 4 tomorrow!!
i'm scared to ride the metro tomorrow.  logic tells me that the likelihood of this happening twice in 24 hours is very slim...but still.
todayy was a good dayy  veryy hot!! i only got burned thiough, lucky me  anywhoo, going to vote for the day on the teen choice awards
I have work wayyy too much this week. Also, someone stole my desk at my internship and now I'm under the cold vent. 
dads house for the week  nothing to do, sleep? maybe
season five of one tree hill done and dusted in two days, i dont wana give it back to kiara 
in desperate need of a lot of rest after last night.. going to the doctor... might have skin cancer in my face 
Home now with baaaabe, after 4 hour long job induction! really was a terrible waste of sunshine!!  tummy rumblin' for a chinese 
@redleigh it's also the start of day break with an east facing window  snoozing doesn't happen with the dual beep+yap alarm.
bad dreams last night are putting me in a bad mood. in addition, having a murphy's law kind of day messing up my shipping &amp; dyeing plans. 
2nd neuronal differentiation done! Taking a short break, not sure I'll have time for a walk today  maybe after get home before dinner
I lost by one year while playing &quot;remember the time&quot; on john jay and rich's morning show. No front row to pink. 
am now officially at my lowest weight since before high school (minus my coke head years-that was insane) this explains my smaller boobs 
In an effort to get some sort of sun I went tanning yesterday and now I look like a lobster and feel horrible...   
@ashleeadams I feel I have to eat on shoot days or I get bloated upset stomachs.  good luck today sweets.
giving up on hearing from ian on his lunch break. boo   we def need to get him a new phone and new shoes this weekend. period.
*sigh* Got hit in the apt. parking lot this morning by someone backing out of their spot. Totally their fault, but it still sucks 
after the convo i just had, i need to run home for lunch, spend time w/the pups and see if that cheers me up 
i just realized that all of the pictures I took last week didn't have IS on.   some of em look cool but i'm still mad about it.
And now i cant even type a tweet without embarrassing myself. I'm shutting up for the rest of the evening now. 
Someone cut our phone and internet lines out here in the country. No service for my town til the end of the day 
story of stupidity: cooked salmon with cream sauce last night to impress date, turns out they are lactose intolerant  saved by saladdddddd
Today is one of those unfocused days where every tiny tap, scratch, or thud annoys the hell out of me. I wanna go home 
@xoXxXkittyXxXox i am! my mom took my tickets away cuz i got bad grades and now i can't go  i cried all last week non stop!
feels a bit like poop, even after a relaxing shower  oh wells, seeing a friend tomorrow and hopefully relaxing for more than 10 minutes.
@DKristofer evening, the moment when the sun shines in my room like this only lasts for a minute or so 
@erinzorz don't be sad.  We should get some wine tonight and hang out to celebrate my being done class.
I am wearing my 'wellness hat' as someone put it, trying to get well and muster the energy for the afternoon. 
@lindseymayor  hate it when that happens - there'll be more round the corner though 
very sad episode of 'dr house' today.  ....so..ice cream time now. to bring back the good mood. 
@squarespace So I guess this is my one and only chance to enter? thats sort of sad. i got used to entering every single day.  #squarespace
Would quite like to be in my wedding dress, shame I can't wear it for another month and a half 
heading out w/ trusty camera in a bit. beautiful day. wish I could lie out somewhere w/ mojito in hand ... wake up! back to reality dude 
14 Days before the end... countdown is on  gulp ! let's sing #squarespace for these few days ! C'est super anglais le truc ?
just finished part two of my homework  good night everyone
@R33S awww  i'm sorry. definitely not a fun way to wake up! day off today. i'm relaxing. dinner soon. out w/ friends later. miss ya *hugz*
arghh whole night of art and not even done  stressful times!  gona check ffe then bed!
It's been such a gloomy day non stop rain and it just got gloomier cuz my parents won't let me to go the transformers premier tonight 
Thanks to an assault 20 years ago, I have a barometer in my finger. The weather is making it ache like mad. 
Lessons learned today: I have so much left to buy for my holiday, I look so strange with long hair  and the floor in roady is too sticky
worked all day today.... i painted 2 benches, helped poor cement, &amp; painted the rim of the pool..... then i swam lol.... i got a sunburn 
I feel tired but everything that got burnt hurts  not good. up at 8:30 tomorrow...too early for my liking. Anyways bed time night aaall
Today I found a zombie wearing a duck inner tube poor guy didn't have a chance when her was turned to bad I had to kill him 
came home soaking wet from camp today, oh shipwreck/soak zone! w/ 1st graders ... and sun burned     (3 more days for this week!)
I am off to get some yummy fruit and chill for the rest of the evening and back to work tomorrow and it's stock day too....grrr 
dinner date with kaitlin.  super sad @peaceloveandmel and @katyxbeth and @megansaul are not coming anymore  but glad they're okay
I have a crap oad of things on wednesday  court,friends swimming pool party, the beach, and now the concert thing..wohoo..i guess &quot;/
@eskimo1105 not when its biting the inside of my cheek &amp;i havent eaten anything but soup &amp;i wont for another 2 days 
@djdsf really? oh crap we had a mishap last night with the system   sorry buddy please re register we are giving away more stuff this week
just wants too eat yummi foods all the time,but nufin gd at my house!   gym 2nite?? i dnt no...kinda boring now~
bleeding and making sure nobody saw of course...retribution for being 2 hours late past my curfew I guess.  But it hurts 
home from a fun wind-up with 12/13 year old kids. on the other hand, superstore not carrying breyers coffee ice cream is not fun. 
My back is killinggg me  eff muscle spasms. One more night of closing tomorrow, then I get a day to relax thankfully.
it's going to be another scorcher...love this weather ...too bad i'll be stuck inside till 10pm 
Hates the waiting game! I made a good deal with my protectors last night.... Seems they saw the light and not pulling thru 
Promotion tmo.  probably gna cry. Basically the last day of school. ill miss everyone.
Just seen someone walk out of the theater with @BlackScale on chyeaaa! Blvck ops all day ran out of stickers to give him 
morning world.. just a quickie (oh saucy) in the morning... got to get ready for work, remember the job i got but didnt want but took it 
1 more day until the holidays!! tomorrow im going to the city on an excursion, hope that it will be fun cos none of my friends are coming 
@devyra everything's just not working out.  potty train= . i'm busy this summer= . vaca soon= no one watch him  sleep for me= 
had a great party and birthday! On the down side, someone wishes to &quot;talk&quot; to me tomorrow while I clean up after tonight 
my phone flew off n2 traffic took me 4ever 2 find it my mom hates me so i am stayin @ grandmas but i dont feel welcome 2days been shitty 
@rodx2024 with no plans for the rest of my summer cuz I'm grounded ughh  LOL only thing I can do is sneak people over during the day now.
@oohlalinds that was my first real meal in 5 days! It made my stomach hurt afterwards! So I guess I still gotta stick to the liquids! 
just had a cup of hot cocoa &amp; it was 100 degrees today. well i needed something to keep me awake through this potential all nighter 
today was an offf day   wish i didnt get shots. and in fight
What a crappy day: bus was 40 mins. late tonight, so I decided to walk to blow off steam, during which adventure I lost my bus pass.  
How can ine small child's nose get through 6 packs of tissues in one day??? And now the bugger's finally given it to me 
morning twitterland, just woken up + feel really stiff + sore coz wore (small) heels y'day + not used to them  Usually wear my fitflops...
@WickedBitch on your advice and the fact that i'm feeling worse, i took the rest of the day off to sleep it off... crappy throat 
@ChrisMillerJr  I have a 3 &amp; a 6yrO, yest evening we payed catch &amp; snap for a good 40mins. Then they made a better game - jump on daddy 
finally home after 2 delayed bus rides and and freezing in the night air. head hurts, dead tired, and early class tm 
finally home after 2 delayed bus rides and freezing in the night air. head hurts, dead tired, and early class tm 
@anieszkaa i couldnt move this morning. i was in so much pain  you know how i didnt have the energy to do anything yesterday? yeah it just
I should not be eating this late cuss my 6 pack is now a 4.2 pack  boy summer sure gets me everytime
:s too early I have that zombie look about me today like my brains still asleep and only basic motor skills are functioning at the moment 
F#*! my main home PC just died, making weird noises, and it didn't come back up, and of course only partial backup done last night... 
wishes this afternoon could have been a lot longer. stupid exams 
My poor old mountain bike is getting serviced today to try and cure a noise that it seems only I can hear.  Fingers crossed!
@dopeydee shame, lovely sun here, almost pool party day again! bit burnt in garden yest  fact 20 on, worse by using it - maybe old stuff
@TheCrystalLady lifts scare me so much  such a girl  your little ones are getting lots of treats this past week!
On annual leave, on this beautiful day, but stuck indoors with a poorly little boy 
woke up with a headache  sure today's going to be a bad one.....as long as the sun keeps shining it'll be fine
my worst nightmare just happened - 2 ppl rock up 4 a class that I dont know is on!!! ive had 2 send them out 2 dinner - on me of course! 
@tanniek wow... any bounce from the check?  I hate when my check bounce just because I'm too lazy to move the month 
saw a little boy crying and his mum hugging him on way to work this morning. homesick - want my mummy 
mum went crazy last night...surprise surprise she had lots of work to do...that woman cannot deal with stress at all...she just upsets me 
man i dont feel too gd 2day  but goin 2 watch some telly now xxxxxx
i apparently missed the opportunity to celebrate the u.s. soccer win over spain last night by rioting in the street  http://bacn.me/86p
Since some days I got this strange error &quot;ksmserver could not start&quot; in a fancy X window with no decoration and then my X server dies 
mad is hell i got a drive 2 queens in like 2 hours...ma weekend..is such a bust 
thought i was doing a good thing baking cookies this afternoon but then like a bunch of kids hubby &amp; i ate too many and ruined our dinner 
i just realized i missed all my boomerang shows  this morning  bummer
its freakin 520 in the morning i woke up b/c i felt a bunch of bugs bite me but i only have one bite mark on my lower thumb i cant sleep 
Supposed to be at a driving lesson but I must have got the time wrong  Today is going to be Roundabouts for an hour straight... fun  #fb
@One_StepCloser yeah ill be better for short stack  but i have to stay at home for 4 days  remember i asked you what the signs of ...
debate over  seriously seriously good! great contributions from all. onto lunch and afternoon case studies #ctm09
@billbathgate good morning sexy boii!tis my last day (dance)!yay moobs (ooo)mmm!!! poor u  feel better !
My tummy hurts really bad &amp; I have 2 go 2 work,a lot summer camp stuff going on 2day 
so sleepy today - its too hot and nice to be in work all day 
Since the boy is absent today, I had to miss out on the coffee fix and thus just half-fainted in the heat outside 
Like usual a long working day  i bought tickets for the cinema...transformers 2 for saturday. I have to play a short round golf,too
sun is breaking thru a little...have some house chores to do  so no biking today
wish the kids tv hadn't been taken away for the morning..its more of a punishment to me 
On the bus by fort wadsworth on my way To the ferry. Only 5 hours me sleep. I an one cranky bitch this morning 
@natashapia damn right i wish! lol, it's all about hard nips and dolphins noses in summer @rachaelwilliams wtf, was that a mistake? :\ 
in 1st hour...with huge plastic thing in my mouth that i have to wear for 2 weeks...can't talk!!!!!!!!!!  About to go watch a school play!
We have the wet stuff this morning and has me in side for the time being  .hope mother nature gets her ACT togother  soon 
We have that wet stuff this morning  and hope mother nature gets her ACT togother  soon 
Another day of heat  its so sticky and hot hot and its only 9am. It makes me just want to stay in the shower but thats no good either.
Not a good start. I just got stung by fire ants while trying to water my parched lawn. I've got to drive my mom today, so no benadryl. 
@JodiAlbert Aww sending you many hugs sweety!  Is it not better at all with what u did last night? I hope it'll b fine quickly.take care x
I've been waiting my whole life for tomorrow night. It's a shame, 'cause it's pretty much impossible for it to live up to my expectations 
@carlyyrenee listen you dont ever call me text me nothing your too cool for me  calll me this weekend i have work all week till sat.
I need to write a story. It's due tomorrow. And I'm stuck with an introduction about a hotel and a young couple checking in. AHHH 
can someone please come hang out with me tumoro afternoon? im at the dentist in the morning 
Droped my prescription sunglasses somewhere in town  anyone have a view on visionexpress vs opticalexpress for new specs in an hour ?
@lkaywest @anniesanspants I just wish i could be at the beach today. Instead im stuck inside.  im missing out on summer.
just dropped my honey off at work in houma  have finals this week, 2 papers-3800 words total, yikes!
steering rack arm snapped while out in my car today!! looking like my weekend of passion is on hold....once again 
@coffeepink yeah--it croaked. left me and the fam at the side of the road...felt bad for my kids.  but today is a new day!!
worried about my kitty. had some sort of convulsions last night and blood came out his nose. vet time, little buddy 
 i want to go home get in bed. eat soup. watch friends season 5. all day. i feel like crap
off for singing. sadly missing nat's leaving picnic. super sad face 
Everyone seems kind of grumpy today   I hope that a good lunch and a nice nap will help!
@CreepyCrissy haha thanks. i hope so too. im stuck at the office babysitting all day alone while everyones out on vacation 
On my way home from camp so I can go to prom/graduation...gunna miss it  best two nights everrrr
is really sad/nervous/scared/uncertain... baaaaad combination of emotions...sigh... i really hope my day gets better 
@mrPilat, nothing bad. p-nut's just away for a day or two getting his man-bits taken care of  it's soooo quiet here though. no jingles! 
has been eating all day, gosh my stomach hurts    can't wait for singapore this summer... ANYONE wants any presents? :d
@veee &amp; @paulmasek I can't laugh at the fake card thing anymore... got caught out the other day at a trains station with my solo 
We had a great party with a foam machine today at school! It was really fun except of the fact that my hair curled because it got wet 
wondering what makes some people think stealing is ok. Stold my ipod from the 4 runner, climbed in the back window during the night 
The day I try to sleep in there's a maintence guy standing on our back porch pressure washing. 
@wankelrx yeah it has been in the upper 90's with heat indexes over 100 everyday this week. I want to go riding, but it too hot 
@matt_the_great forget the rest...You need to spend the night in prayer cause your only hope tomorrow is a good dose of grace &amp; mercy! 
great weekend with the bffs. freelancing. clean room. doc project coming along (=graduation). national championship. life is good  twoosh!
OK..only 2 more hours left...and nobody died or got shot tonight! phewww!!! good night's work, will rest easy on days off  yayyy
10 hours sleep. mmmmmm  town and hair dressers today!!
@boomerjack coffee is always welcome  good morning - how're things on your side of the map?
@sbprkr how come all my friends' MOTs seem to be at the same time? Mines been dropped off today  *fingers crossed*
@Katne why r u in bad mood babe?? i sent you something this morning hope it will arrive early this time  xoxo
My camelbak has arrived - will give it a go later this evening for a run - no more dehydration  http://twitpic.com/2y8i9
Past few days: live play on casino, agony with online poker, quitting all my business activities, playing, friends, glitter and glamor 
I need boots to wade through all of the sh&amp;t house tracks that were released this week.!  The rare gem makes it all worth while though 
Just had an awesome day surfing, relaxing, eating good food with my lovely lady liz. Now dinner and movie  one of the best days ever.
@JLSOfficial cup of tea is the way to go!!! have fun on your photoshoot!! and have a fun free day writing oo i dunno a blog?  &amp; The studio
ahhhh ive returned from the gym........... now for dinner  good times
On the bus now, my freaking headphones are at school, i cant jam out to those rainy day sad songs that remind me of my pathetic life.  
not really getting the hang of this day... an oldie but goodie, makes you smile (and look for some in your own garden)  http://is.gd/rblO
@pixiec Thanks. You have something similar for your marathon training? I get really dehydrated after 6 miles - let alone 20 odd 
i woke up in a wonderful mood! and to see the snow falling out the window is icing on the cake. today will kick ass! it's all i'll accept 
@falconsview ah.. so my waking up in the middle of the night sweating and in the fetal position is something different then  
@inmyheadstudios well...good morning, i think...lol  nothing like playing muscial chairs with where you sleep!
@ddlovato hope your days better than mine, it's 2:30pm and I'm bored and falling asleep. I'll put your music on, that'll cheer/wake me up 
am writing new book. facilitating decision making for change in economic hard times. making sales a spiritual practice! good luck, right 
just got home after a tiring day, took pretty pictures,posted everything on flickr 
@jeremyhoover yes, was glad to hear you got yours back in time for mustseetv last night.  And to keep kittens warm of course.
@joltonline  Thanks , will report anything I find from this fine day of gaming 
@jbsmith glad your having fun!  We should go on a trip together sometime!! I'd definitely like to go back to mex in the fall or in jan!
room clean comin along nicely. think ill spend the evening ere being all cosy and cuddled up if a certain someone wants to come cuddle! 
planning, strategizing, preparing, and the like ... it's just too cold to venture outdoors today, thus the indoor strategy session 
going to sleep. watching louie run in the morning. then party with my other half.  i love the weekends
@yayjen haha nice  my dad did that 4 me 2day w/ green beans.ick
woah pens scared me there for minute but as always we came out on top with a great win  flyers are losersssss
@ChrisLejarzar At the store, go grab some soap to wash your mouth out with - you're cursing too much today.  Just kidding, hon.
i get my puppy this morning!  i had the wierdest dream about blink 182. mark hoppus was the sweetest guy ever, haha.
the weather is amazing outside. going to the zoo in a little bit then to a charity concert @ 8:00. gone allllll day 
i found a shoe in my purse this morning.. hm. getting in a workout before the game 
is about to take a loooooooong shower with all kinds of body care... getting ready for the long night  oh and i updated www.rheaweb.com
had fun at last nights Reedemer auction, and snagged a couple awesome deals for a great cause! I'm ready for today 
@nickraes poor you, your tweeps are all with you^^try to be patient...I know, I wounldnt stay calm in that situation 
goooooooooood morning!!! I'm going to get my butt up and take the dogs for a walk to the park!   Its beautiful outside...rise &amp; shine!!!!
i have to work an 8 hour shift today at a new store and im hoping there a checker job in the mix of it wish me luck 
oh my what a beautiful day it is! having morning coffee on the back patio deck. 72 degrees right now... gonna enjoy this while it lasts 
i guess im stuck at home??~ no dance today  - BUT i miss  everyone &lt;3
@rbrambley the guys haven't a chance to check as yet, but is on the radar; busy month... if you get there before us, drop me a line 
good morning. getting ready to go see baby katie 
I'm feeling kinda uncertain but encouraged to try (&amp; a little out of breath from doing a fire drill that ended w/ a somersault  )
gooood morning sunshine!  lunch.. audition in seattle.. macys soccer..  another audition in seattle.. work... clean.. what a busy weekend!
samedi morning , my most favourite time of day!  heading to my favourite jukebox diner for brunch with a  pocket full of loonies 
Just got home there are so many people out today, lovin' the warm weather though  I wanna go for a walk. cams charging 
well world I had tons of fun last night out with the boys..... lets see where tonight take us...  starting to feel like myself again 
@JasonStatham1 just wanted to say saw crank 1st time, awesome film. funny sex scene, must of been fun lol 
wants to go drifting. saw the new fast and furious last night.  
about to turn in for the night, sleeping in the spare bed as need to get some quality zeds... LOL as some twitters tonight 
is twittering  had a gorgeous day! the weather was great, love you meg! big time stomach ache right now though tbh!  yuumy roast for tea!
Starting to get hungry, gotta take out trash &amp; then clean my room tomorrow, might c 17 again, state of play, &amp; next week Obsessed  haha!#%
@Azage yep, session tonight...after my shopping spree 
Off the ship and still have my sea legs, I'm walkn around like a drunk ass , wait a couple hours when I am drunk 
the TV that broke was sitting on carpet for a week and it made a cool spaceship imprint. 
thrilled. My sister is bringing over bunk beds tomorrow for the girls. It's the little things in life that excite me now 
such a great day! lunch w roomie, 6 mile walk, voice lessons w/ jo and now out for the night 
Home from the big sketching event (and dinner + drinks, lol). Tons of photos, soon to come!  Not much video for this one tho, sorry guys!
1:15 in the fucking morning. i cant sleep. keep thinking about cinema bizarre show and how i might get to meet them 
@urbanflowrchild yes I'm so excited about her arrival. I'm hoping my inauguration is during her stay 
@sethsimonds i'll keep your words in mind as my new day begins - goodnight my friend, rest well 
played my guitar til my fingers were just about blue...now it's time for bed! can't wait for church tomorrow 
just got out of the jacuzzi, about to relax and watch some TV from my king size bed! ? mini-vacations...this day has been awesome 
@dinosrawr i like that plan just fine even without the time turner.  i'll have to bring a bottle of coke with me.
a parting-is-such-sweet-sorrow haiku  goes like this: parking lot, your eyes dark, your hands hold my face, warm night under street lights
Wow ! What a fun night boys... I belive this holds the record for the latest I have stayed up since college.  MUAH sweet wet dreams loves!
Recovering from yesterdays free booze session. And was great pestering viola 
The day after cooking lunch and dinner for 38 people: &quot;I'm alive, I'm alive!&quot; But with painfull back and right hand. But without burns! 
@scottgerhardt You remember we have a 2-month-old, right? We are no longer in control of our sleeping schedule. 
@earthchild03 honesty, vulnerability... a lil pain from the art of breaking up.  and i have spoken word in the deluxe edition this time 
@ddlovato sounds like your having heaps of fun..enjoy yourself..how i wish i could one day see you in concert here in western australia 
@tommcfly It was so awesome! thank u for the great day  That orange hairy thing was a wuppie, our soccer mascot :')
sit ups, say prayers, and sleep 
@louiebaur nice sweet sexy ride.. in 2 years time I will have mine as well..that is my plan. 
just got home and going to knock out...tonight was funnn &lt;3 haven't had a night like this in a long time  goodnight everyone sweet dreams
What a bar crawl... Birds chirping.... its time for some rest... good night friends... we will be in touch soon.  
yummy mash for dinner  wish everyday was a mash day!
yay back up to 6miles the first one since my injury a few weeks ago thank lordy for the famous sport drink 
morning  decaffeinated coffee over the table, great natural light... go ahead
freshly squeezed orange juice &lt;3 it's a really good morning! oh, and happy easter everyone 
pulling an all-nighter. off to the airport at 5.  it's fun when you send the person sitting in front of you a chat on facebook. fun times
Is walking thru my front door...what time is it? I dont know but the sun is up.its been a long but fun night. 
Lovely day, but I'm stuck indoors catching up on chores. If I'm good I may allow myself a walk along the prom and a mahoosive ice cream 
just been for a walk with my mum in the sunshine and picked up a few last minute things before we start cooking lunch. Lovely weather 
@Sabbyaz yes!!  and went to aththi's place, and saw 4 squirrelly buddies playing on a tree... tiny ones with tiny tails!! soooo cute! 
just made a smoothie, yummie!  2night: one tree hill and gossip girl (L)  see ya guys tomorrow i gues ;)
traveling today to eat at this resturant about an hour from where i live. crank up the road trip tunes man! haha 
wants cool light up sunglasses, a mullet wig, and heelies! oh yay cheer dads....day two competition. 
off to the park with cake and coffee to meet up with friends and enjoy the sunshine... loving Sundays 
Just finished paying bills. What a crappy way to start the day! I think I need a drink... 
@JanetRoper Have a fun day hope u get it all done, I have a very similar list  
Hoping someone falls in love with my house and decides to buy it on the spot today 
ok, so.. i had a softball tournament yesterday and didnt get home until 1 oh clock this morning. very fun. 
@derekfred cool..how does your limo look like?  have a great holiday
haha, fun weekend....Friends and I did the hoedown throwdown in the middle of starbucks and the parking lot 
mm, a good breakfast is the key to a great day!  now, let's see, study or sunshine... haha, take a guess! :p
I love my dad. He woke me up by putting a piece of bacon in front of my face and let the smell wake me up 
another beautiful day. cleaning, working for a bit, then bbq at mine street with some sexy ladies 
@Lelvan It's a great day for chillin' in the garden but I'm glued to the football on TV (sad). A slice of banoffee pie would go down well 
What a wonderful sunny day, I bought something for myself  (hair band and victoria style dress~)
@dougiemcfly hi dougie, how are you? and how are the up close tour? 
This has got me so in the mood to make a 1-2 hour trance set... i'll keep you updated on twitter, make sure to add me  #asot400
Sitting in the sunlight, having a brow grooming session.    Once I get the shape right, these babies are going permanent!!
just had my first butt plug experience with double penetration.....amazing, I am hooked! next week @ www.dreamnet.com/ariel 
[jldundore] 68 degrees &amp; sunny! its like a heat wave for us  but its suppose to rain the rest of the week
@lmbratcher fall out boy/ cobra starship/ all time low concert. 'Twas amazing. 
Morning everyone. What a fabulous sunrise. Bit nippy but looking promising for the last day of school holidays 
@delwilliams Think how well you'll sleep tonight.  (Unless, of course, the foot pain keeps you awake)  
@jthomsonx was a most excellent day out  I dare you to suggest that sleeping with senior ppl is a valid career strategy :-p *clutches*
mum woke me up at 10 to say were going to shops i had 5 minutes to get ready so i had my breakfast at a shoping center 
damn i'm not even close to being tired but i have to be up in like 4 hours. good knight ladies 
party last night.. lots of fun, 5am sleep time. glad to see all u new followers on twitter, thankyou hope your all having a great day 
was out and about with dannerr the whole day and darn we used alotta money on food. meet the delacruz siblings every one 
loves the after effect of J&amp;J top-to-toe wash 
Relaxing after a non-stop afternoon with idiots &amp; frustration.   Ahhh... it's nice to have some quiet... and my sanity back! 
havent been around to tweet lately... nways, its another rainy day for me, i just hope i wont get wet on my way home later hehe 
@SpicyBev and my bird is a crazy one lol i let her free 2 times a day and she enjoys it a lot! and flies back in her cage alone 
drawing up a post london training plan based on mike gratton's training regime - topping out at 80 miles a week!!! V cool and exciting 
have a great day folks!!! i justtt got back from a roadtrip!  had a super great time!
4km technique swim set done. Meeting with a creative director at 10am. Photographs to the printers. A million phone calls to make 
@thebleachworks it kinda broke their spirits 2day that would make them smile!! rock on dude! love the tunes! only  if u could tho! 
@pinkerjen in case you're going, imma ask you to pray for some great weather lol  really became farcical yesterday.. the whole exercise
@Pearlsandwhirls meant to be! park date wih friends. DS1 decided against the 45min walk to get there so going to park up the road instead 
@oliyoung @lrkane must be something to do with canberra and the public service... rockin - another long weekend 
ok . .gave up on skul 4 2day . .went home sick . .cudn handle it . .goin 2 bed wit a nice hott bowl of soup  wheeheey xOxO
@SueRK get a job! I don't pay taxes to keep you sipping chilled wine in the garden - should set up a bot to tweet like this every day LOL 
I am recording a grimey, muddy, break beat version of I bite the moon this afternoon 
41 days to go.....and those glorious boneless wings and a nice pitcher of blue moon, off to the O2 tonight 
I ended up, true to form, doing nothing  I do feel bad leaving dad the washing up but he didn't do any last week so balls to guilt 
ok really going to go know... have a great day everyone and remember live life and love it.. P.S. send flowers more than once a year!!! 
take-away lunches are the best! get out of the office, find a nice sunny spot near a fountain and enjoy ;) that's what i do 
@true07 lol really?! you were in the sunny part all day! maybe your skin wants you to stay wannabe-ginger colored 
So I find my motivation to run, I go out side and it starts raining!!!  go figure lol  looks like I am bound to my house for my workout 
@martine2323 aaahhhh... that's my kind of breakfast, cookies.   I'm crazy nuts this morning on the phone... other than that, doing superb!
@CaryRivas i went to the gym too!!  almost died! haha and had cereal!!   dude. check this out ;)  http://www.aksalser.com/game.htm
why am i at school? ugh...anyway excited for bamboozle and florida this weekend 
@b_club I'm a blue tshirt kind of girl. Any shade of blue will do. 
this is a marathon, not a sprint. marathon monday tip #1: tally marks help you pace yourself 
@ArdenKnowsPets The benefits of our facility; we're doing &quot;indoor dog park&quot; on the weekends, For those rainy, snowy, or extra hot days. 
@sonaljhuj hey thnx for the wishes on me going indie the other day. the breathing will soon turn into huffing-puffing for clients 
Another sunny day on tap - get out the sunglasses - 
@CEBB thanks eric some of the mafia is coming over tomorrow for a puppy playdate  come if you're free
Looking forward to after school - friends are coming round  probs sliding down hills on our butts again or something completely random
@FragileRB @takomun i had a funny, yummy, sleepy time  but i'm struggling to keep my eyes open today...
perfectly blind.. perfectly bliiiind. this song is stuck n my head  side note insomnia is a bitch  i got class n the morning
@DoctorMikeReddy hehe.. i don't mind the bay transformers as much as others, but yeah, cool. One day i'll make a tf game, it'll be epic 
@TatianaToT extra small righhhtt? &amp;&amp; keep in mind; i'm a FRESHman for a couple more weeks...so i gotta grind out.  i needa come sooooon!
Another day and it should hopefully end well  *bounce bounce bounce*
wants to go home and enjoy the rainy afternoon 
sun is out again today  but can't wear pink 2 days in a row ;-) so what shall i go for ? some spring green maybe ?
hmmm mentor session didn't go as bad as i thought- artwork still on track 
i also think a fun calendar with a different pattern for each month would be so cute! and clocks with pattern in the background 
its home after a loong day..finally!! relaxing... reading n wikipeing!! with some jazzyyyyyy melodies on the background..yum 
Watching a movie staying in 4 the night  had a great time with the family chivo was banging love u guys
going to volunteer at the thrift store with my mom tomorrow should be a good saturday 
is spending the weekend with her honey! leave a message after the beep. 
just found out the kids whose minds i have been warping every week got first place in our contest! my kids rule! im sooooo happy! 
watching movies on a rainy night.. for those who are out.. hope your having fun and being safe  
....means? more crazier tweets. but I prolly stay there tomo night. cop was behind me the whole drive home, I guess I passed his test 
@KayoBlack hill and get it and one day i had a stick go in my leg lol...but i got the soccer ball!! 
On the treadmill working off all the fast food I've eaten this past week, while simultaneously studying for gov 
@MichaelAnnYoung take good care of the hooligan, and if she gets out of line, just throw her in tell pool for a minute 
The sun is shining!!!! Kids have gymnastics today..that's always good for a laugh and an excuse to go for burgers for lunch 
just had the most relaxing bath for an hour mmmmmm now gettin ready 2 hit the town!  xjoeyx
beautiful morning, gone to billy's beach bar to enjoy a mocha latte and start the day off right! 
@crysniss  ... yay!  not long now either    man, i'm so sleepy.  i'm about to wash go wash this day off and take my butt to zzzzz
we leave next weekend. havent packed a thing. im thinking travel light. real light. passport and hand luggage maybe 
good morning my dear friends! and what a lovely day it is too.... sunny, warm.... and my back up support has arrived 
wat a treat day.. soccer in the rain with the top team on the table.. 2-2  now lasagne and a lazy red wine.. hapy times 
guten morgen to all 8 of you guys who follow me  had a weird dream about a sandwich shop last night... freaked me out a bit haha! xx
Moving 3 tons of stone in the garden : no need 2 go 2 gym 2day 
@stephmcintosh more work in the garden, looking after my niece's dog,and another end of reason mini rugby tournament for my son tomorrow 
@StevenSSUnmor  koolieo i will give u a ding dong in abit..eautiful day 2 round up troops 4 a regents park picnic  sound good ??
lol so i am done with my paper! kittens are sad ellie is gone and i am still slightly pissed  night all
feels better now..  meeting family tomorrow.. gosh i'm nervous :/ off now! p.s: next lessons following soon xD
Looking forward to the ride this morning. Visitors from across the bay should add a little extra pain 
back from the run and still walking  shins might be ok  just taking books to the sun and going to equity up my badself
covered in soil and bits of plants, this is a good thing i am happy  back to finish up then start getting ready for an evening out
sat on my balcony watching the waves, breaky then a bit of water skiing should be the order  of the day 
is preparing for an up coming week full of castings, running, timing, shooting, n no drinking...craziness fun of life 
I am dancing to music and relaxing after a great party last night  looking forward to goin watch stoke today, come on you mighty potters
sat in the garden listening to some train, matchbox twenty and ipod randomness chilling in the sun before my gig tonight. bliss 
i love weekends.... nice lazy morning with lots of coffee, thinking about going rambling in a bit... 
got up way too early this morning... son has a baseball game and I wanted to make sure i had twitter and coffee time before we go 
tonight will be the first proper sleep i've had in weeks... i hope.... follow me 
really beautifull day ;)nice food wine beautifull girl... i love it 
have also mapped out a nice run around southbank &amp; to the storybridge for tomorrow - so I can take todays new running clothes for a run! 
good day. just hand lunch after a long hard swim  nice change of scenery to the skanky river.
'the sun upon the roof in winter. would draw you out like a flower.' meet you at the statue in an hour. meet you at the statue in an hour 
Having a good afternoon.  dinner time made me feel a lot happier and productive :d
fun day ahead of me  wolverine &amp; olive garden. gonna start re-reading the twilight saga tonight.  yaay.
afternoon folks back from town all tasks completed  anyone for tea ?
i have black cat - mayday parade stuck in my head  ill add that to the list of things to listen to before bed
Oh yeah...it was an awesome morning...saw the news.  If you knew me...you'd understand why that's such a big deal. ;D 
swimming, check.  teeball pics, check.  lunch, check.  back out the door for the game. 
beautiful out n the street is  crawlin wit pple...wonderful sat afternoon 
drunken fun times ahoy! change of venue for 2nite woohoo! so happy! 
Today was a good ride, glad I didn't miss it...going to take my baby for a good walk, maybe even jog 
exhausted form the gym :p going to take a shower, eat dinner, study a little, and then its derby time!!!! yay! 
having a great time w/the children. mo botanical gardens is wonderful! so is playing hot wheels &amp; dodging airborne pool balls 
@raidmyminibar morning bb  to everyone else: watching in living color clips lololol good times.
@BryanTheShultz i guess, i dont know, i like them, phils a funny guy! and yes i saw that, but im going to bed, ill watch them tomorrow! 
I'm going to celebrate earth day by seeing the earth movie   // cool http://gykd.net
Thanks @LaGiggles  it's been a long, messy night... Home-cooked seafood in nyc is more or less a bad idea :-/
@Anjeebaby tea on the sunny patio, great start to the day   http://twitpic.com/4gvhv
going to a dog show in pomona in the am, then a bday party for mialee!   fun weekend with all the kids!
goodnight everyone! today was a fun day! thanks T 
spent my stimulation package the next day...poor again but happy I kept the economy going 
loves rock'n the air guitar to journey in the wee hours of the morning whilst not waking my roommate 
@kate_day gosh - I am starting to sound like a grumpy old man! Just need a television show now to vent on.. 
@prolificd watchman is a little boring in first half, second half is good - my perception, many graphic novel fans out thr, watch out 
Today = Lunch wth a friend, more teaching applications, and a movie tonight.   // cool http://gykd.net
@nicobyrne can't wait to hear your new stuff  it's been a long year, glad to hear you had a great night.
i'm having a lazy start to my day... tea in bed  now I'm gonna get up, buy some milk, have a latte, and start Ebaying some shizzz (again)
finished knitting bag , time to fix karate club website before going down the allotment  busy sunday ahead it seems
lots of bites but no fish - had fish &amp; chips to try &amp; make up for it though  almost sleep time - work tommorrow (public holiday &amp; all)
Feeling lazy today probably lack of sleep; watching the clouds drifting, thought one looked like an elephant holding a balloon 
Off to go play all day ultimate! Wish us luck (or at least hope that I don't pass out from exhaustion/dehydration  )
watched &quot;the forbidden kingdom&quot; last night, quite an interesting take on the monkey king story. We miss the old show, have to get the dvd 
sunday afternoon bbq with friends, nice to kick back and relax.  And have someone else cook great food .... now that's got to be good 
I've only just got up  no plans as of yet, may go for a walk, nice weather 
last competition for the season!! it's been a long run girls  in atlantic city today, baltimore tomorrow to see sonny and the endless  ...
Having done the dogwalking thing and now lunching i am considering an afternoon sat outside the pub 
now we talk about football in lunchtime..anything worse? happy #hoppusday everyone! and  mother's day too  (fuckin&amp;touchin&amp;suckin hahhah)
@carryfiasco my standing ticket is being sent tomorrow  what time are you getting there? my 1st standing... 
lay under the tree last night watching the light bounce off the leaves from the glitter ball...amazing 
good morning internet. confirmation party at one. gotta love this time of year. my tummy does at least. 
so sore again haha wish i could be back in bed -  had dance and then a workout around epcot with my honey - it was a good day yesterday 
I can't wait until tomorrow...breakfast,car riding, massages, good food and booooze wit good company 
gotta go out to some pub for tea tonight, glad its bank holiday 
just woke up to a big pile of puppy shit  good morning chantelllllleeeee
@SheilaS keeping me laughing this morning... it's good, I'm at the bad kid table in the corner... yay!!   #sobcon
Another beautiful day! off soon to return the tux, get new soccer cleats for devan, then some time on the tennis court 
like any normal 25-year-old guy, i'm spending the day at my piano  goal: write a two-voice prelude... nothing super extravagant.
hubby took me out 4 a nice lunch and then home for yard work...what a nice sunny day I hope ya all enjoy it 
I'm done with homework for the day  now I'm gonna give my dog a bath.
On my way to a screening of a movie i did over the winter where i played a 14 year old who wanted to poison everyone 
I hope everyone following me has an amazing day today. good luck! yes this means you 
slow day at the studio!  camera room down! lunch from 2 till 3 come say hi. 
finally home &amp;&amp; out the rain; gloomy day out guess I'll jus sit home &amp;&amp; watch movies &amp;&amp; eat popcorn all dayy 
today was a good day. church was short with good music, came home watched good movie went to the club pool hot lifeguard smiled at me 
@jawnj you 2 sweetie..we have to make a lunch date...as soon as this damn jet lag wears off.... 
wants to drive around Redlands at sunset, put on some good music, and feel the cool breeze on his face, while the palm trees sway. 
So I painted a big abstract painting this past week. It felt so good to do something messy and without rules  Heals school induced stress.
had a fab day of shopping with my cousin!! just had an awesome dinner! time to veg out in front of the tv 
Being doesnt mean sitting in the lotus pose all day, it is accepting everything as it is. 
had a fun day volunteering at the special olympics, now studying in the greek office for two finals tomorrow.. 
4 hours sleep, today i is a zombie  need to go pay rent and renew my license.
@mileycyrus - fabulous career and a lazy day off, some girls have all the luck aha 
church then chicken alfredo, then rollerskatin' noow wings  what more could a girl ask for?awesome day&lt;3
 just spent half an hour talking about the twilight saga!  ha! good thing there was no teacher around.. they had a faculty meeting! 
living in bracken with kristin for a few hours....stop by third floor to visit if you feel the need.  finals week is here!
One cool thing about the city: i wanted onion rings at 11 pm on a sunday, and now i have them 
had such a good time with my mom &amp; sissy this weekend  hopefully caiden makes his debut soon!
@erniehalter you weree soooo goood last night with josh hoge!! soo glad you were there! book all ages venues 
@heybeesly I'll rub your back any day baby, just ask 
@cassiepallas glad we can depend on each other in times of need! have a super fantastic rest of your birthday!!!!  p.s. we did 208!! wtf!?
a busy week ahead. filled with fun, fellowship, love, friends, tests, races, and water. of course a man needs water! 
made sakura green tea. still thinking about something i need to do on wednesday....*suspense* 
Yesterday 1st performance with my choir (genre: tearjerker  ). Today work, and taking it easy because I have a bad cold :/
Spring is sprung, the house is slowly being redone, and life is generally good    good night, tweeps!
@AnderLucia made great time...drove the whole way. planning to take the train to san diego from oceanside tomorrow and chill out there 
character designs complete! .... in about a week we'll give another sneak peak... stay posted!  
wake up...and go make breakfast.. 
@rosiecd is it for dinner? the amount for dinner ones is greater than say an afternoon snack. a pack for the day is prob ok. 
it's a perfect day to throw back your head and kiss it all good bye - love it, so cheerful!!  ? http://blip.fm/~5jckp
Is ending the day with another walk nice walk and then some gelato 
The tree-lined avenue,begins to fade from view,drowning past regrets, in tea and cigarettes,but I cant seem to forget,when you came along 
@ayeashleigh good. yeah i am fine thanks. just dreading history tomorrow, not in the mood for hyperactive 20 year olds lmao 
study all day.  just finished my care plan.  hungry as hell!  ima go treat myself with a burrito, for a good days work 
At work full of weekend vengaboys zane lowe wolf from gladiators porn memories 
We have a tour of students this morning: huge pick-up for Mothers day:speaking for a luncheon:100 planters to do: nothing boring here 
happy bank holiday monday twitter! bath time, spring clean, movie marathon , lazy day 
I have tea! &amp; have just found a picture of the big snail from the walk yesterday. 
whoa. that was some showering session 
happy star wars day everyone  off to celebrate with the family... ok we're not celebrating it but i am going round to the famo's...
wide awake ready for the big shopping trip! hope I get tones of sweet dealz and lots of fancy clothes 
@girltrumpet because its like ten times better than this place xD and its so beautiful and fun  and they have gold coast hot dogs!! xD
i hope that everyone has been having a great week.  let me know if you think im crazy for hating coffee XD.
i am sleeepyyy. today = busy. work 10-4, library, class 6-7:20, tanning, packing, bit of sleep, atlantic city airport, myrtle beach 
haha moms back today from a weekend away , her first words, ' whys the house so dirty?' i love life .. 
good evening. enjoying vacation eventhough it is boring.  pray for david cook's brother. rip.
just woke up..busy busy busy 2day...bake bbyshower cupcakes and jays bday cake, bleach hair again &amp; see my boo 
school for a bit. glad jake got the day off 
morning all  eating my morningstar farms veggie bacon and a strawberry streudal. will be on later. work today.get dog tick juice. ugh
@ppittman feeling better - did nothing yesterday but lay around.   hate i missed the youth leader polar bear swim   gotta love youth!
death cab for cutie and slouchy barets  its a good way to start the day.
@joeymcintyre when you get your grill taken care of this morning how about a quick shot of the hands.  Don't ask why, just do it 
i love monday night lineup  just wish it was over the span of the week. gossip girl - big bang theory - how i met your mother - the hills
@richa_august84 haha...  may be.. hehe.. I might have been imported.  but i love the heat... love playing football on a hot day....
Nothing beats spending an evening with my mom 
@scottlava was fun meeting u today! thanks for all the doodles on the goodies i got! hope u have a super time in TO &amp; visit again soon! 
just found two very moldy and squishy reasons why non cracker based foods aren't allowed in the play room. When mom's away... 
@monchalee *hugs* im glad you got to spend time with your mom.  if your free tonight drop by for some spaghetti  
oooh yeaah fooood time I've found my seat at this bbq right in front of the food  hahaa
just got home after an hour at the track, I feel real good now =P running is nice  and abs work and push ups haha =P
i have a sunburn line on my back from the tag sticking out of my tank top all day..... ugh. i need aloe vera!! went to the park again 
another fun night!!  chilled wit my homie @ green turtle n the park....good times...good times.
gorgeous wedding. hope i can experience that love one day. cheers to the beautiful couple! ummmm did the hawks win??????  no really..?
beach...yummy steak and catching up on 'lost' with my man...lovely day 
whole foods, barton springs, yogurt spot &amp; the oasis = perfect day in austin. 
boooo on life decisions....bottle of wine be my lucky eight ball tonight 
went on a ride to tortilla flats this morning with @wookiesgirl, a little warm, but a nice ride none the less  
legs are still numb from journey to atlantis+coldness... buttt it was an awesome day 
Trying to get out to enjoy the weather &amp; train a little... Some minor beer tasting activity took place yesterday with @opsaksa etc 
Feeling like crap today. Hopefully a nice relaxing swim will do the trick 
Totaly smell like camp fire now lol its gross to feel the dirtiness but the smell seem to just relax me  i wonder why:S
@porquechutzpah Their coming tomorrow morning and it's sort of an impossible task. I just need to clear some space. Thanks though 
alkaline trio was sweet, saves the day sucked.  but i had a great time anyways.  it was awesome seeing everybody and hangin out 
a bacon roll and a tea and the (hack)day is your friend  #openhacklondon
After the sketchy moments at A mtn, the friends and I moved up the trail and sat at the end of the road, just talking and being silly 
going out for the good ol' 'soak' tonight for a mothers day feed.       in love more then ever 
busy exam week coming up! always look on the bright side of life  *whistle*
alright, rawknroll.net live on radio23.org - next 2 hours of vivid spring to summer music  rawk on and enjoy!
kids  b'day party/picnic  in canazarro park.  The other half 'hurts' today 
my back and legs kill from yesterday and we have a big old leak in the kitchen, looks like staying in pjs all day infront of the tv 
Searching my home for a few things to cook them for dinner this evening. It's mothers day so guess who im eating with 
what a great morning  NO plans (apart from a movie later tonight) + my guitar + a fresh song + a cup of delicious coffee = happiness
off to practice, have to prove i deserve my spot in the varsity boat today  wish me luck!
@Sion71 lol okay will send u a pic shortly...gawd wish id cut the grass this morning now!!!lol  
Walking up the avenue des champs elysees - beautiful sunny day - hot hot boys about 
i love the film white chicks such  a funny film lol my days been great joining school team cant wait 
Tough weekend, laziness installed in higher brain functions  Need beer to get the machine to function again. It's really hot here, 30 C
@twishitter #poo the baby just had a successful run at potty training.  sending the tweet to in honor of the joyous event.  
I'm going to do some homework before starts the afternoon's films   , i'm with jasoon (:
@domster unless you use hotel overnight laundry services  hope you had a good trip, photos come out okay?
My treat today: @Lakers &amp; @OfficialRockets...fancy dinner after. I am a happy mother 
is in a hammock in the garden with a good book. A fab way to spend a stunning sunday afternoon. 
@desolate_pages That's cool.   I got a bookmark he made at school complete with a little quote from him on the back. 
yay i forgot about prison break this week - ultimate hangover material 
Lunch, quick room-tidy, shave of head and face and then off...hope everyone's had a great weekend 
eating lwftover french toast from my mother's day breakfast yesterday and java, i dont feel to bad fro last night  sitting by window  
@IRISHMILEYFAN yep, should have killed it in first half, ah well, man city kid, 3-0, then just fulham to annoy us on final day 
miss busy bee today: washing, cleaning, assignment writing, duh! i want my weekdays back! 
yay star trek whoohoo lali is actualy going to go see it with me ... super happy... hope evry1 has a relaxing day 
everything is better when the sun is out  happy mama's day!
At watermark per mothers day request. In the comfy seat section  http://yfrog.com/56lirj
lunch w/ the fam  ExhAUSTed..  a million things to do today!
Just got back from a mothers day dinner!  We'll all make it through together, jason mraz thanks for your music it helped me a lot 
@kumailht I can relate. I used to do a lot of my best work after 2am in the quiet of night. Now 6am wake ups to 3 kids, no more night owl 
perfect rainy spring evening in denver. after today's hike, feel like im back in flag 
everything is starting to fall into place, busy week coming up ugh and cousins grad! 
http://twitpic.com/4yjiq - shrimp lo boil, good beer, and al green on the radio... a perfect sunday evening 
@yiyinglu thanks! I think you are wishing me a good trip! Either that or something about my washing machine? 
@MDTeresa on the other side, mocha torte deserve its own day, as it can be quire a treat 
My throat got a bit better.  I'll have a job interview. Only teaching 3 days a week now and need to work more to make my living!
getting some rest! tomorrow is event planning, job interviews, and running errands like getting stuff to make my moms bday cake!! 
most every thing about 2day was blessed  awesome service at church and I got 2 new pairs of shoes! 
had a great day with my love today  picnic, subway, playgrounds, slurpee's. amd ice cream truck...just like old times!
@kboboland awww Congrats!!! 3 years!  you play drums cool keep rocking!! I'm having my lunch now
if anyone needs an ultra ache medication this is the best!! http://www.epiduo.com/ trust me!! This is my endorsement for the day 
i'm out peeps, got a busy day tomorrow! lots of work &amp; last minute things to do before we cast away on our little ocean voyage!!!  nite!
@mitchelmusso I don't know who you are   but im trying to kill time... waiting to win weenie roast tickets... again! couldnt get 1st pair
@sohyunna: town to see him one more time :/ But I'll be there tomorrow, so let's talk after class 
@pinkhntr aww, bummer. I'm so excited, just need to iron out food, etc. At least this year I don't need to claim our space at 5am!! 
Two more days, new team members today, gotta get poster/flyer approvals, check out the sexpo booth. follow up on sales 
road trippin back to chi town in the morning...wish me luck not crashing my rental downtown! 
@white_n_fluffy hi, good morning...  hows life? 
i rode a bike this afternoon for the first time in 9 years....forgot how fun they could be    [calves&amp;thighs hurting]
all right guys, have to get up and start my day wit ha biiig cup of coffee now 
did a whooole lot of cleaning tonight.. room's feeling mad emptyy! 4 more weeks.. 
bedtime... tomorrow shall be fun! class in the morning then its off for some fun with the girls and some gentlemen 
knows how lucky she is on days like these, beautiful ocean and scenery. ahhhhh 
@caligater @BigCatJared @naomimimi #ignitedenver -&gt; #wendys (for the cool kids) -&gt; #stampede. I think that can be filed as a #wtf evening 
i'm not an early bird. i wish i was, hmm time for crumpets and coffee to get me going. send me good vibes at about 2.15pm today  xo
last night's counting crows gig was awesome...great support by the wonderful hold steady and of course counting crows were great 
anyway peeps im off to a linen party of all things should be great fun :p  night all 
@timmisson 55 minutes? blimey that is a huge wait. although the staff (at bar and elsewhere) are lots of fun so time flies 
@hollowlegs Don't try this at home, kids! Yes please be careful. Sounds like you lot had an awesome time 
@adrianrhen : I'm glad you had the opportunity to experience that this morning, there's nothing like it. Here's to more sunrises.  
home from school and going for a run a bit later  i need to fine something to wear this weekend...
morning all, anyone need a wedding photographer over the summer? ( I know it sounds desperate, but eh... I am!!)  im competitively priced!
Resting day, got a date with supersonic, pizza, angels &amp; demons, dinner, dance. 
yea! cross country this morning: tick. netball, lunch + afterschool: tick. cross country tomorrow morning: tick. checklist complete 
@tomatom  obviously it's @stevecrumper 's place I want to eat at.  We had two each other night and a bucket load of veg   and crumble!
@bytera Birds of a feather, right?  I've learned a lot from the online atheist community in the last few months alone.
The storm last night was amazing; I bet some of my friends are out of power. Reminds me of last year...  I like random memories.
eye doctor. work. papaya happy hour! eric is home for good tonight!!! 
bowling tonight...  thought for the day.. life changing moment.. good or bad..
good morning everyone!!! soo,noww i got 4 hours sleep.  yaay! &amp; now,im waiting for someone to go online.&amp;no school!!
i've been doing a lot of studying cuz i'm so excited for this weekend's double dates &amp; adventures back home in the city 
@ponor indeed. up to 668 words now, need to stop, walk, drink water, think, listen to tunes, and head to another meeting. I love my life 
had homemade patbingsu tonight! and my hostmom asks if i want to bring the machine home! oh its going to be a homemade ice cool summer. 
@lauzziem i know im right... the number of times i've heard that music  just on a break from english... you ready for tomorrow? xx
that was the last day of our school musical. We had a ridiculous amount of fun backstage and got shushed soo many times xD. good stuff 
@DavidArchie yah.... actually, i've seen the results this morning on the net.. by the way, i love your performances on those shows 
We have jst finished making our interactive board full of fashion tips, promotions and events. Where jst getting ready to launch it.  
@chrisbiddulph it just started absolutely pouring outside, it's the perfect stay inside and drink hot coffee day now 
hopped up out of bed, turn my swag on.  morning everyone.
revising since 10 this morning with perhaps 1hr break at the most, nothings going in! im taking a break although i now have a backup plan 
I have cooked, went to the gym, ran some arrends, and cleaned the whole house today.  Time to relax with some movies on the big screen 
Someone called me a bad girl today because I like to get wet and dirty playing football in the rain...true story 
Having a lazy night w/ my hubby. We are trying out this new spot that has the world largest selection of beer!!!! I'm in pajamas 
What a gorgeous day it was, and I got to spend a lot of it in the pool!  It's easier to walk in water with my bum foot 
&quot;An apple a day keeps the doctor away.&quot; Just had one, and somehow my stomach feels better 
had the best time with the benson today  we ate ice cream, free chips an salsa, went rollar blading and enjoyed eachothers company!
my body and sleep habits have finally adjusted to finland time and white nights. oh crap. we're leaving today. eep! 
@ItsJustDi apparently the party is at your house tonight. should of come. had a baby shower today with the fam. i forget why i called. 
got to ikea tonight withOUT my wallet. nicely done, lc. BUT had a plenty productive day &amp; a wonderful artistic evening with @ashleecloud 
@waycooljnr ah 25! If it's the year of amazingness watch out, lots of 1984 babies out to make their mark 
excited for the idol finale in a couple of days! woohoo for matt @MGiraudOfficial being back on! he was so my pick to win! 
tomorrow: operation clean &amp; pack, along with case study and paper. then angels and demons. this weekend's not been too bad 
saw star trek, the bellagio fountains go off to andrea bocelli, and a guy failing a roadside sobriety test...what a good night 
@PokerVixen And remember after your drinks at the poker table, please play responsibly! 
i got the america timezone in my body. good afternoon. about to doze off. 
@w3ndee aww mad !! how much dyu think wouldd they cost? umm we'll sort out final times during the week  ill let u know ! x
getttin home.ice skating with the boyfriend. so much fun hurt my wrist ouch!! all worth it.. night night tanning by the pool tomorrow woo 
@SherriEShepherd honestly I don't think he cares w momma did last night but momma better take him 2 soccer class 
on the way to my cousins house. his birthday.!!! yay !  see ya this evening 
haha I watched boys over flowers last night. I like the story  cant wait for the next episode 
morning everyone! time to get outside for some fresh air!  did you hear the remix yet? get back at me with some comments!
studyying.....3rd at jells park x-country relays yesterday  go dream team!
enjoying late night serious talks and boys who care too much about me.  heres to summer and the continuation of such talks. 
looking forward to spend teacher strike day wit my bestie hopes up  cant wait gunna b awesome
morning  my kitchen is a mess *hides* the question is: shower,kitchen,long walk OR shower,long walk,kitchen OR kitchen,shower,long walk?
Anxiously waiting on my back cheddar wedges after a long day...this sleep bout 2 be real bomb 
;; hehe, tis kinda funny when you choose to go to sleep at the same time that your father chooses to wake up.  night.
is ready for a day doing chores around the house and the take his mum for a walk proiding weather good enough 
decent day. think ill skate.. so yeah, twitter 
lets see went to a few bbq had fun then went out an had more fun...good day now it bed time  ill be dreaming bout that dance haha
lunch time!! in other words --&gt; break from revision, noodles &amp; watch live cricket!  heaven 
Home to sleep for 2 hours - then off to first service  great party tonight- I love watching and helping students have so much fun!!
I'm on my way to the beach to celebrate my godson's 16th b-day! 6hr round trip -very bad for my knees... but worth it to see my godson! 
Closed down mai tais &amp; ready for a good nights sleep  think I need it dr 2day said my blood pressures higher probly from stress...oh boy
The rain stopped the minute we arrived at the marina. We cleaned the J and put in a nice couple of hours of training nice breeze 
That's the chicken in the oven-bring on the roast in a few hours time  Just shame I don't have fairies at home to prepare &amp; cook for me!
today's plan:  go back to bed until i'm more awake, go to the dog park, go to the pool, probably a nap, then cleaning up the house 
me &amp; sis went 2 the cupcake house 2day b4 i had a 6 hour long rehearsal 4 performances for the next few weeks. so the cake was a treat 
time to leave twitter for another day!!  enjoy my drunken rob background!! ;-)
weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. off home now  bye bye liverpool, hello a couple of days of doing nothing  then back for SOUNDCITY  yay!
waiting for hubby to return from his run so I can go to bikram-I'll run tomorrow- can't pass up the chance to do bikram 2 days in a row 
wat a gorgeous day!!! remember we have a frost advisory out for tonight, so cover those plants!!! 
I haven't been at my church in a couple of weeks...hooray for wine, good music &amp; somewhere to put my knees! 
exams went okaay &amp; bad at same timee :L had awsum time fridaay &amp; yesturdaay  bbq inside lata cos rain :L  watching 106&amp;park &amp; pizza (Y)
@daijamae   have an awesome day!!  we'll have to trade dream notes again; nothing like visions from a place beyond &lt;bye!!&gt;
eating on the balcony with mum and sister  weather's amazing, summer is deff on its way!
@Yellowxander sounds like a fun day! I may go visit my dad, then go to the fiesta early &amp; take photos &amp; get food &amp; then chill. Have fun! 
making breakfast for the family...I made the mistake of showing @marissastar that I can make pancakes...now she wants them every weekend 
fun night last night. a bunch of us went to henry county. but bored today. thinking about going to the ymca. off here 
taking a break today  enjoying bloody marys &amp; helping a friend make cycling caps for the boys, more to come!
@blueberry_cream I guess dealing with a flat tire now is better than on the way to work tomorrow even if it is my anniversary 
@KristenAmazing LOL.. Going for my 3rd show of start trek today.. I keep sharing it with by friends 
I'm watching the video of me and marissa singing a whole new world to each other from last night. Lol!  fun times
@TheTurd lol..hey hey now.. i did the breast cancer 60 mile walk and i all i drank was coffee all three days! it has water in it 
it's  a rainy afternoon at the beach...time of a good movie and popcorn 
@gizmozstudio #Eurovision was on last night, you'll have to wait another whole year for your cheesy music fix! 
o0o0o0o happy days, sittin' watchin come dine with me, it's raining, the highlight of my scottish life!!! 
@treacherousd what I do to stay up is a take a cold shower, sound crazy but if you only got 5 hours it works 
@JoshMalina oh excellent! am really looking forward to the rest of the season now  btw you shld tell your kids star trek is awesome!
went shopping with lhen this afternoon. my legs hurt. but it was a fun day with her - we laughed a lot at so many things. 
Putting flags on veterans graves was fun  I love doing community service. Going outside to play tennis for the rest of the day now. =D
@Sezro yeah a bird flew in and was knocking tons of rafter dust over custs so we had to close for 20 to get it out! was fun and games 
out of church ; good service 2day  wellll, ima clean up around the house.
@djkester For sure!  I hit the river at 5:30 this morning for pics then drove to the top of town, snapped a few and enjoyed a latte.  
@Timshol_lv cool I will give it a try,,,, watched sex drive last week,,,,, funny film......a rolling brown out 
doing homework most of today..hopefully a movie in store for night   any suggestions?
woke up, watched gilmore girls, bought cheap (!!!) train tickets, ate chocolate cake, got one-day-early birthday money and a dress. 
My legs are numb from all the walking from six flags and the dancing from prom. I think i need to stay in bed all day! 
Studying on memorial glade on campus. SUCH a beautiful day - warm, slight breeze blowing, &amp; no one around  http://twitpic.com/5di2l
@iamjuice good luck at the video shoot &amp; kill it at the concert tonight.  my drivin 100mph sure did get u to the airport in time! LOL ttyl
On my way to get prints in 30 minutes. If you buy before I leave, I'll ship tomorrow!  http://futurowoman.etsy.com #polaroid #etsy #photog
Reading graduation cards is a perfect way to spend this hungover morning. So many jumping related cards! What do people think I am?! 
@WeTheTRAVIS its raining, as per usual. pack warm clothes! see you at slam dunk 
sunday; little spot of house tidying, trip to the shops, duvet afternoon on safe..and now chilling with glas of vino 
leaving for the gym. urgh. MUST be back in time for desperate housewives 
just tooling around my house as usual, seeing a movie tonight with the girls 
drunk and have horredous hic-ups lol night all, take care xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 
@Jules_Bee do you know the exact opening day? I need me some more passionfruit body wash 
Incredible afternoon with family... eating breakfast and playing games... now for that nap...  http://twitter.com/marcushackler/status ...
senior skip day tomorrow  then some college stuff &amp; band banquet later on
Home from a fantastic day in the mountains with my peeps, and my dogs. 
@hottmomma_03 np. we had a great day. went swimming, went to the park, the kids were happy. that's all what matters.  now watching survior
@jsfried awww!! i like that. btw, good call on the angels and demons the other night--much better choice 
@zuppalizzle okay,ill come with you  ill have the money in like 2 weeks?
Some guitar time for quick riff in my head that I just need to solve, then much deserved sleep....have a great week tweet friends   
@caitlinfrancis mmm food. what do u feel like for dinner miss? ill grab stuff on my way home  I'm totes hitting up easyway tomorrow.
out all day at the beach &amp; had delicious yummo chicken wings. i have cool friends 
@Selly06 I try  I'm going to try and get some sleep now, feel myself nodding off, take care, have a good day *hugs* loves you
getting ready for school funny weather today surpirse surprise 1 week until holidays  so need them
@loupok yep! my semester tests are 3 weeks away! ahh. study break's approaching though  finally get to hide in my room and mug properly!
@CaliforniasDJ you won't make a memorial day mix for me to take to la and slap and to promote the street team  please!!!!!!!!!
@mcleodd listened to ur bit on 702 this morning - great spot! hope you found your coffee 
had a nice day for once   unwinding reading new crusty mag :O looking for bilko ;) haha
@robert_patinson (expensive of course!!) only fair as you get time off for good behaviour (HaHa) have a safe trip and enjoy yourself 
@VapidAndVain  *nodding*  although this girl would settle for a spin this fine evening...morning (whatever).... ? http://blip.fm/~6imm5
@weava77 ikea and meatballs always is a way to brighten any rainy day 
@JillyCL I found a link to record and see it live, yeah. better take my breakfast afterwards 
@JillyCL I found a link to record and see it live, yeah. better take my breakfast afterwards 
has an english revision session later, and is going to watch fatal attraction. aand adores green days new album! 
gnite twitterfam! good luck to everyone who has finals this week! may the force be with you all! HAHA!  &lt;33
oh happy day - rain and lots of lesson cover - then exam invigilation later - chance for some quiet! 
had awesome day: learned a new skill for resume, had last pussycat dolls dance class &amp; rocked it, XBF was pissy @ me and I didn't flinch. 
Sorting through images from the photoshoot today...some wicked shots of some great models...but now I'm exhausted...time to sleep...night 
@Aluciel wow, great shopping trip  enjoy the music. never used amazon-mp3-store before. now i need to do so :-D heffa great day
so nice to know i have nothing to do tomorrow. a whole freeee day to just do whatever the heck i want! 
@bjornlee great meeting you too, mate! yeah, didn't get the chance to chat with you. next trip, then  awesome event, btw.
@stoneparade sweet! enjoy the rest 
got to gloat - you lot all got a bank holiday two weeks ago but its my turn now 
hey happy monday  drop in and vote for me new drawing....http://bit.ly/xeH3b
had an awesome day at work followed by an even more awesome time with my friends  hurray for bbq's and glow sticks!
break then food tech, sounds good  bye x
I enjoyed my first day training and to come home and see my man was the best thing ever  I love @d4nce_m4chine so much xoxo
OK time to get the show on the road lots to be done laters tweeters enjoy your day 
no snacks in he draw, no bananas, nothing. time to go to the corner shop. in other news, loving http://interviewproject.davidlynch.com/  
This week, am going to finish off last few spring cleaning tasks, &amp; then *that* monkey is off my back ... (until autumn cleaning, anyway) 
good news, no permanent damage  to ears! still red but ear drums are intact  need some rest b4 going back into the water though #diving
great weekend. terminator trilogy marathon. brownie cupcakes. sunday roast @ pub. hanging out with friends. diy @ home. love my man 
@jearle ok no problem nothing worse when folks do that, I hate it....yeah it was my weekend of heaven racing all day sunday 
@willcritchlow the cool kids will be in the paid search session 
My accomplishments of the night = sleeping for 2 hours, spilling water everywhere, and beating a level 7 tank on pocket tanks... LOL sad. 
finished another rockin e-session here at the studio... rest at last.. 
playing club penguin right now. i really feel like being a kid today. after i slept like for 2 hours.  miss my boo..
spent 2 hours washing, blow drying and grooming my canine - she seemed so much lighter on her feet afterwards - her smile bigger too 
good morning, everyone  school now. off to tell the great tales of the boss &lt;3
a new week...lots of new exciting items coming up! stay tuned! or get alerts  http://redtagcrazy.com
I realized this morning I got a ton of things today and luckily enough, it involves shopping and spending the hubby's @chuckf  money 
some legit weather this week - sayin a prayer for the sixer - hope it doesn't take the bark away 
@onnelline came in hottt last night!!! next time ur working let me know &amp;&amp; ill meet you for drinks!!!!! 
yes!  and it feels good - don't feel like you need gills to breath.   @jesh: it's cold this morning.
done with dinner.so happy to be eating home-cooked meals these days.major detox and saves me $$$.what a bliss 
Another boring day at the office..... *sighs* oh wait.. neope. i've done some self-help today. Finances come to me 
back home from this awesome weekend  I have reahersals in the next 3 days :-D hell yeah (with a little bit skating in between:-D)
Its summer and 41 degrees outside(morning)...damn mother nature and her climate...yay for indoor people. 
yay, todays school day was pretty awesome, first i slept in *cough*&amp; we had 2 tests!! at least it was lots of fun in breaks 
Nothing like a chill weekend and falling asleep in each other's arms to renew the relationship 
looking forward to the next few days from tomorrow, bar crawl, brownies and seeing @Pinktinktash @Richaroo and tim 
at the farm for a week! hello sun tan and pure happiness 
@coldplay good night guy all the way from perth! and @jonmchu seriously chu, hire me. i'll take monster for walks, just pay my airfare! 
lovely shepards pie for lunch...feeling a bit full, but re-fueled for busy afternoon. sun's trying to come out too 
@am woop! i downloaded it on the weekend. love how loud/excited the crowd sounds... #coldplay rocks 
havin a back rash...FINALLY I get to use the com. going to be an extra in chatroom chicks (tv show)  tomorrow in school!!! so excited! 
So, I'm not eating out for a month to see how much $ I can save before vacay. I better get my aversion to cooking under control! 
i'm up entirely too early for someone who has to work tonight!! have a blessed day everybody 
Nothing relaxes me more than a good book to read while sitting in the sun by the sea shore. It's my kind of season... 
Home from work with a sore throat/little 2 no voice... highpoint: breakfast made by my guy! 
@charltonbrooker I gave up reading that link about you and the hitler youth as its too early in the afternoon for all those words 
oki guys, time to go  meeting V., having a snack &amp; coffee and then going to teh concert. have a lovely evening! or morning ;)
@massimoburgio I'll grab your charger either during break or before session 
@gregmac  sold a few bits n bobs and made a few good contacts - stockists etc, so pretty successful day really 
job hunting paid off yesterday  nothhh now its time to go swimming in the rain. @joshuaswift
Letina has been taken out to get her vital supplies - valium and credit!  and has spent the rest of the day relaxing with my cat...  xxx
Special shout out to Eliazarputera and Panchogrande 04 for the entertainment good night boys blessings  take care!
cutting up magazines for her vision board and going to her cabin tomorrow 
getting ready for school. enjoying atl. good mood   last day of half term woo!!
@coolkidftw twice? haha. sociology sac today; epic pass  fell asleep; was good
holds up her cranberry juice no alcohol ( its like 3 am  to all her jwu friends ... in celebration of freshmen year 
@saritaonline by the way, i remember i heard your singing every time i pass by after my dinner @ lemon garden, your singing is great 
soo tired! soo happy yesterday! its great. walking all the way to see all the stuffs in glorietta. argh! so tiring!  but yet. its cool. &lt;3
a glass of vino. aaaand good night.  sweet dreams 
@JustinQuizon @natethegreater  thanks guys for a fun-filled night!! you guys are so much fun!! we MUST do this again 
@DwightHoward dont brake shot clocks anymore  lol. good luck today dwight! your amazing.
good morning! i hope everyone has lots planned for the bank holiday 
it only took an hour for a couple of crazed ss fans to make andy the trendy topic 
good morning england, sunshine, blink 182, kids, lunch with her - perfect days 
@adamdoubooni Haha, oh man! I got there at about 8pm so it was dead empty and I just waltzed around picking up cool stuff for the flat. 
@trovster I read yesterday but got sidetracked. Really great piece fella. I'll be giving it a go at some point 
mom did a total spring cleaning of my box today... it is so nice and fresh i feel bad using it... wait, no i really don't... 
isgoing to alton towers this weekend for a much needed mini hols. oh also, i've cut dairy out of my diet for my voice's sake. kudos me 
I have just got up and have made a cup of tea. Its the start of my birthday weekend 
off to the beach today! yayyyy then chris' party tonight  i hope no one gets sick in my living room...
good morning. i am awake, showered and dressed. ive got a lot of things to do today 1) morning yoga  2)look for a new job 3) write
have wrote and recorded a horrible 2min punk track called bird fight that will NEVER see the light of day! EVER!! 
wanted to go to the beach this morning - yeah, I need breaks, too  - but I now need to wait for a plumber to fix apt. water system
is amazed at the power of positive thinking - sunnies found &amp; in safe hands - thank god, life is good  roll on the summer sunshine B-)
wants the weekend already. photoshoot. bbq. pub. good times 
@justamoochin hope ur well - sunshine, rain day can't make up its mind - dog happy but I can only manage pale blue, bright shirt 2morrow 
i have a busy afternoon!! babysitting, plumbers and my friends all at the same time! oh well 
@MelbourneVixens im so excited you are combining my 2 fav things on monday netball and wicked  yay for the team meeting the cast 
@ghetovisionary1 hear hear! enjoy your run, and save the gym for a rainy day 
I think I'm gonna play all weekend on ps3 with my new game  and maybe spend some day in the park reading a book.
@AndrewTF @pk2004 ok, no more carrying laptops to evening events 
morning... sitting in my pjs watching friends with a big bag of haribo...sooooooo good!! 
seems like a nice day-guess it's off to the park with my lil man 
@alroker sure wasn't a race today, you were at the finish line before my good man @SamChampion even got to the starting gate 
ok time to tinker with dreams of fields of greens and whatnot...zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz cannablessings y'all ... peace and pot  zipzapzeeeeee
One exam left  2 weeks off and wtk tonight, good mood 
about to go up town   arrangin beach party...... lets hope its nice weather this time!!!!!
yesterday I saw my little tiny niece  she's the cutest! and she didn't cry not even when I used flash light 3946 times to take pics of her
anyway, let the weekend begin!  (mmm... siestaca!)
Morning teaching: done! couple of business talks: done! Putting the rest off till tonight and seize the day and nice breton weather 
@CLBuchanan I'm #running the half marathon. Not planning to break any records, just doing it to be in shape and hang with hubby's family 
k.......off to sum cycling......den sum reading......plan to reread #atlasshrugged once again......... bye guys.... 
@wizwow cool ill poke around and see what interest there would be  so 2 days shooting and 1 day of business stuff?
and the clock ticks towards the weekend.....  yippee!
public announcement everyone! today is a warm day.  you may all take friends, family, and pets to the beach today.  approved msg 
up wayyy early. waiting to go to the doctors then out enjoying this 90 degree sunny day 
G'morning @askmo24 @missjo_ladie @cherlyn0217 @YahyaHenry - heading into the classroom to start my prep with coffee in hand... 
So glad its friday... wondering if i will die during my 14mile bike ride tonight.... hope not!  
Another day @ home resting my knee after kneesurgery, starting to get a bit boring, thank god its weekend and my friends are coming over 
What a beautiful sunny day,ideal for staying in and playing xbox 
no revision for me today  planning to be extremely lazy and watch 'the mentalist' back to back and eat homemade soup all day.
grab some dinner ...ooh by the way good evening to all 
@dgl ugh yah, yesterday was stressful and i somehow got hit in the face by rope from a ups guy. fml.  but almost a 3.5 day weekend!!
friday afternoon + sunshine = beer garden  good times
last stop in the week till its off to #hatteras to do some camping and watch the baby sea turtles. @tinydancer1986 is going to love it 
watching dragon ball evolution, then ill continue my physics, wow today is full of movies. i think after this ill watch inkheart 
My house is so clean , it smells like apples and lemons  the relative start arriving in an hour , the wedding weekend has begun
is ready for an exciting weekend... speed street, canes game, pool &amp; relaxing 
i know its raining, but i'm going to the beach all weekend. hotel, room service, out of town. nice. 
I will give a sneak peek of a kittie portrait later today   Purrrrrrrrrrrr...two brother cats...in the meantime www.doodledogpaintings.com
just woke up.  my sun burn is feelin better but i dread more yard work.  on the other hand, i have some family coming up from ohio today! 
@shanenickerson The mini-horse doo song...I have horses and find myself singing that daily LOL catchy tune  It'll be in my head all day!
On our way for our bridesmaids day out  dress fitting, nails, tea party
beautiful sunny friday, now thats a good start to the weekend.  school in 30mins. double spare - get some work done. have a great morning!
@jazzy__fizzle you'll be fine!!! I have a mentra for you.  This weekend will be awesome and I will attract lots of new business   xoxoxo
Just came home from catching up &amp; shopping with a friend. The light drizzle didn't dampen our mood one bit. 
@MsCarlaPauline funny, i had that song in my head this morning. i def. agree with your neko case assessment.  hope you're feelin better!
@kellykba With my staff's history of hungover shifts, I just think that phrase'll come in handy is all. 
spending allll day in the kitchen w/ my mama cookin' for the party tomorrow  yayayay
surfboard-sized donuts are terrible for my waistline, but do wonders for my mood  happy friday, everyone!
As the deep moon retires and the days face arises, my soul sings good morning, and waits for the sure surprises. 
@lollapalooza I'd rather have a bunch of electrical outlets. No way my battery can last the full day and I already have a 3G card. 
despite all the ups and downs of the sniper vs. spy update, it's now live on steam; can't wait to get home and play 
no school today  . about to eat lunch then going outside , its soo hot out . perfect day for the beach . isnt it? [:
Anyone wanna sponsor my run for prostate cancer on fathers day 'pants in the park' I'll wear your logos hee hee 
spent the day spray painting furniture- my finger hurts, i'm covered in paint, and i have crazy sunburn lines.. but the stuff looks good 
back with my babes!  spent a sunny day playing in the park. tomorrow we attack the green jungle in the back garden! hugs to ya'll...
@DelaneLyn  listed at least 10 other hotels near ones i picked each night so u can pick and added where food and fun is  yes i rule i know
@cute_carl sweet maybe we can go this weekend or something...if you're in town!  i love bike riding! 
(8) its raining its pouring, the old man is snoring, he went to bed with a bump on his head, and couldnt get up in the morning (8) 
@wentworthmiller  LOL.............good one..........theme from prison break..........classic  
Just finished watching the firts whole season of laguna beach aka second best show in the wolrd compared to the hills  &lt;3
@cotieno i think twitter is some kind of lucozade-juice for me. i get online each morning &amp; I am instantly zip zap zoom &amp; ready to go  
practice went well. dancing with the starzsky event ft. slow motion red lights is thurs. and plano show saturday!  very excited.
@natesmom10 aww thanks nissy!  i may be sane, but i got lost during the waffle &amp; elliptical talk the past days. *shakes head in disbelief*
@mollyandmo (((purr))) right back at you *headbutts* my friend! (((purrr))) raining all day and have had the electric blanket on high! 
@decart bring on the cheer! lol  thank you friend! just feeling a little low in the dark hour, but believing for a positive outcome 
he got service I got service baby we talk all night. phoneography bee please 
the office is freezing. taylor, on crutches, beat me at bowling last night.  I can't bowl.. but i was wearing a periodic table tee shirt
@benbroadway haha! true true  ah sorry i cant come this sunday, i have my spring piano recital! ah we have all summerr 
day off with the adorable wife tomorrow. star trek movie. rollerblading. other good stuff. can't wait. 
@12pm friday--please pour me a glass of wine so I can celebrate..summer break here I come! 
I've had a pretty great day. Nothing beats getting cute clothes, checked out, and getting my room partially put together. 
watching tv with my brother in the basement, maybe reading or watching a movie later. sleeping in and enjoying my day off from school 
@stacileebadace I recall a day when you made me bleed my own blood! It took  3 of you guys and a clutter of dirt to take me down, huh? 
Having a sleepover with @KaylaRaeleen we're watching season four one tree hill  throw me a t-mess.
it's a friday once again! looking forward to my foot reflexology massage. have a great weekend everyone! 
if i could be made into anything... i would pick tap dancing... because its my kick of the day 
The sun wasn't the only thing hot at the comp track today. Those kids were on fire! Congrats to everyone, you should be proud. 
@rain_girl aah, your tweet brings back the memories of sharing a single tea with my frds- we r always short of money at month ends.. 
Hot shower made me feel better. and now i smell like cucumber melon.lol   beach trip tomorrow.
If we are what we eat, I must be a walking cookie or somethin  no, probably a tea plant, sounds much better...weird thought of the day
morning! - shower - dressed - asda for booze - home - get stuff together - set off to wales! my plan of action. all before 10am! 
@arabesque01 u need a note pad beside the bed for creative writing moments in the middle of the night 
@jkodadek - Awww mama! If you arent doing anything later today, come with me and my sister to lunch  You might have fun 
just had hair cut. looks good!  v straight. catching bus in 30 minutes. yaay! long weekend. x
I'm going to lay out and watch the stars allllll night.  they make my world go round. well maybe not, but something in outerspace does!!!
@bradleybenson thanks dude! I'm getting better though! I'm going on another trip there next month but nothing could compare to ours! 
Taking calls for one last hour...on alerts, anyway.  Getting sleepy but still feeling sexy~go figure  
well big surprise i went to go help my girl clean her storage locker and met an amazing guy 
@naughtymutt No I can't either its gone so quick, glad the music did the trick  I'm on my second cup of tea 
@BeckyBuckwild girl i spent too many hours watching reruns with you in em for this. she's trashy. keep being amazing 
@depping @wilva @jasonboche @gabvirtualworld I'd prefer a vendor-neutral conference any day. I'm nobody's fan boy, I like competition. 
goodnight everyone!  second day at my new amazing school tomorrow.
The big day hoves into view but still manged some breakfast before my stomach tightens - great breaking bread with the family 
@tchelseat I'm with you, sister..15 minutes to go....tweeting while i wait for the good man at home to bring the curry back! 
I'm still loving the new background  lookin forward 2 the long weekend, hanging with a great crew and taking some time 2 smell the roses!
@Danacea hey there.  i'm presuming you and the cubs are well!  - heard your audioboo the other day with the circus items! 
doggy day tomorrow!  adopting a dog!  good night folks.
Hoping @HelloNatalia has a good day, that her neck feels better, and that she can look to sunny side of things today 
@libbyoliver morning libs. how you doing today. I believe #bgt winners was the guy playing saxophone and 2grand. have a good day 
@Raeskies i was right across the street but didnt get a chance to meet them yet. I still have a chance if they stay another week in L.A. 
Be good all wherever you may be hope you all have a great day or night and remember yup keep your hands above the sheets! 
Morning everyone  It's #followfriday again...a couple of lessons this morning...
@graemeken1 - so come to http://www.glenaustinstables.co.za this afternoon and take photos of the horses 
sweet relief: breaking a vintage bike component 2 days before trip, then finding a busted spare you kept in cabinet to rummage parts 
clean room, go to an awesome food market, lunch by the river, pick up the best friend from the station, eat pizza, go see cobra starship 
@DonnieWahlberg good morning sunshine, just woke up half hour ago. The sun is shining i'm feeling happy today  lots of love and big kiss
@HospitalityMan  got the laptop but no golden rings  This weekend's job is to get it all set up - oh joy
On the train on my way so see the jonas brothers 3d concert. Opening day here in the sunny uk 
