Most common words for this cluster:
[('day', 152), ('today', 127), ('scotland', 96), ('glasgow', 84), ('http', 83), ('amp', 82), ('time', 74), ('com', 70), ('edinburgh', 68), ('tomorrow', 66), ('i', 61), ('way', 60)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Swindon', 0.7769804000854492), (u'Bournemouth', 0.770789384841919), (u'Wirral', 0.7680051326751709), (u'Harrogate', 0.7614614963531494), (u'Chorley', 0.7589516639709473), (u'Blackpool', 0.7589332461357117), (u'Northwich', 0.7577449679374695), (u'Redditch', 0.7556062936782837), (u'Leeds', 0.7544525861740112), (u'Solihull', 0.7513312101364136)]





Heading to Altrincham, again! Out of hours install 
Gooood mooorning world. I had a dream last night I fucked my knee again  Def need to kick start my strengthening ready for Bournemouth 7s!
Devastated that the Spiegeltent won't be coming to Edinburgh Festival this year http://tinyurl.com/djh4pr 
About to start the epic drive from Glasgow to Alton Towers. Looks like a rainy few days 
will probably be in Scotland next week.  http://plurk.com/p/n0ivz
@xguccishoesx  Seems tony is away in Sheffield 
I just found out I was unsuccessful in applying for the Hampshire Probation job  #fb
stooopppiddd Abbey National!! i need to get dosh out and its blooming shut! 
The Swanage fieldtrip is legendary for carnage, it's the only reason I chose Geography... pity my uni doesn't run it  #theinbetweeners
Sucks hard that Roundhay has been cancelled  I was reet lookin forward to a day out
My 4 year old son doesn't like The Smiths  &quot;Because that man sings funny&quot;
Royal bank of scotland making tonnes of techie redundancies.  More competition for me then 
Prodigy are playing in Glasgow tonight &amp; I can't go  Gutted! 12 years since I last saw them!
@majinvash I've just started climbing again.haven't done a Dorset trip for yrs tbh...we're all to busy... 
awww poor wee Callum isn't well  gotta feel sorry for my wee baby, he's away back to bed crying that he's not well
I'm heading to Cornwall. 
home alone in Glastonbury. very sad. 
@djbolt  lol sorry haha I thought a try a hot Bath didn't work... still awake and I am so hating on u and ur ability to sleep 
Sitting all alone in my empty dorm room. Goring home tomorrow!! So excited, but gonna miss everyone 
b******s  Wycombe and Bury already 1-0 up! 
@maysiefurs yeah, there used to be Solo in Truro, that's closed down now 
Worked for just enough time to hear leicester score at Southend  one of those days I think
Gurns  are losing now 3-2 (yoooooo) unfortunately Cliftonville just went one up against us... 
@willandthepeopl I just wanted to say how amazing your Wolverhampton show with the Script was. I can't come to your next show  Gutted
Those genius' at Homebase have made their laminate flooring half a mm thinner than it used to be so it won't line up with the old stuff 
Swindon draw, Blackburn lose man this is turning into a nightmare season 
@Beverley Knight &amp; @suziperry well done Wolves, bad luck Charlton   
@stonermc I don't even know where he's playing. But probably not, I'm in Cornwall. 
@Flangel66 they just posted Gracie's inquest in the Dorset Echo.. 
just sold first Yorkshire Terrier puppy of the litter.....I miss her already 
@garethemery Gareth, all of are tuned, it but they are not broadcasting main stage, which kinda sucks, so we wont get to listen to u 
Grrrr now I remember y it's best to go out early in Belfast  kellys it is not 
Just got back from swimming in Telford... I have pulled a groin muscle and it really hurts  I'm sooo tired so I'm going to sleep night xx
i missed Gareth emery the other day..and even today his set was not streamed   #asot400
@petewentz why didn't FOB come to Glasgow, Scotland this year? i was www.gutted.com!!! i had to listen to the gig over the phone!!!  wb!
Driven from Morecambe where the sun is shining, to Sunderland, where it isn't. 
It sucks when you're looking for 3rd St. and you see 25th St. because you know you're 22 streets away. 
@belle_lulu site was hacked  but thank you, I shall think of that area. I'm actually going to do it through Tesco Deals, cheaper  x
back to the Land of Scot this afternoon 
@garry1bowie pop in to Tesco and say hi! I'm working till 7, need cheering up! 
OK So poor Olly has been ill all weekend and I've been looking after him..work later  but pole dancing class tomorrow night! can't wait! x
Brixton for @Underoathband, @kbeevs bday and lolz including @sarahvsshark @helenlolzzz @miketreat @katieparsons but NOT @_startafire 
@CannonGod sadly not; Nottingham floodplain all the way. There's a few hills but they're tiny 
Coming back to Bournemouth in a few hours, hopefully weather is better than it has been at home 
@audiobullys Would love to see you when your in Inverness But not over 18  lol oh well hopefuly see u some other time !
I always thought the Wombles were from Wembley 
Crumbs, I got sunburnt at Kew yesterday.  A red face is just what I needed to make going back to work tomorrow easier 
@TheMattEvers Still wish the show was coming to Scotland. 
is back in Southampton, and not quite ready for work again 
2000 words done for IBA, only 1000 to go! woo! It's so sunny today in Glasgow also! too bad im workin 3-7 
Really wanna move to Cardiff (Torchwood!) but can't until I'm at least in college which might not happen for a couple more years 
Spurs v Newcastle about to start and somewhere during the game I have to pick the beloved up and do nip into Tesco 
Gumtree thinks I'm acting in a commercial capacity because I'm selling multiple guitars and music equipment. 
Avocets are ar RSPB Conwy, and an Osprey flew over this morning. Missed that  
No piggies though - Alfie v upset and thinks they have been made into bacon   http://twitpic.com/3ld0p
Ipswich 3-2 Norwich. Oh dear 
Oh no! Norwich for relegation! 
@tommcfly why arent you coming to Nottingham ! 
On the train home from Staines, dreading work later 
Just jettisoned three cariages at Nottingham, all of us crammed into the front two so I lost my table n leg room 
hates Duke of Edinburgh. As ruined wales for me  but my love for accent and the people lives strong  fml
@Beckyy_M  not good. It rains a lot in Leeds, but today its been really sunny.
The chicken is roasting, and the vegetables and Yorkshire puds are ready to go. I guess I'd better start on the ironing 
@beamfrost Asda is further away and in this heat, I fear I will shrivell up and look like a prune. 
Wish i was going to rain to see Oakie! However Scotland is a bit far to fly from in time  But bring on sep - i will be there!!! yay!!!
@alexa_chung So jealous!!! I would looove a Burberry Trench... course i'd never be able to afford one. 
R.I.P Mobeens, Ilford.  For those that know, it's a sad sad day 
Is nothing ever simple? just four days to go till Mcfly in Edinburgh and 2nd friend has backed out 
?? metres. Penrhos engine house. Right, home, shower and work.  http://twitpic.com/3na1a
Why did this weekend have to end!?  on the way back to Cardiff.
is leaving her Mum's soon to drive back to Chippenham to an empty house 
Has anyone who lives in Carlisle received their $900 dollars yet?  Apparently it's getting paid by random postcodes 
Speech to Rushden rotary club later, then 2 week book tour of Oz/NZ. Going to miss Tory Spring Forum  - but got to pay the bills
Off to Horsham, not looking forward to public transport with NO headphones &amp; lots of baggage 
off to Tesco, unexpected day off as childminders husband had a stroke  Also my great uncle has died. Not a great day.
4 nights and 5 days left up here in Edinburgh and so far the day is going sloooooooow, which is of no great surprise really 
Is gutted that the Royal mail project room doesn't have a broadband connection so no facebook for 2 weeks 
The weather in Loughborough today is great, clear skies! ;) Shame I've got evil back ache again  Ibuprofen breakfast today!
I am back in Southampton, and quite sunny, but not as sunny as Essex was yesters!!  But i am in a positive mood unlike my friends!!
@xDKrystal woooooooo no welsh 
missing Cornwall 
@Alfie I was going to, but it's already cancelled 
I seriously loathe the Royal Mail for inflicting this on me 
@ryancarson I'm a HBOS customer  been with them for years but yes I agree, thinking about moving.
attempting to write an essay on Scottish planning law - not fun at all and I'm missing the British sunshine 
is @ UCL hospital 
@Redcap7760 good morning mate, no sun today down in the tropics of somerset..  but that's ok off to work.
One of the vehicles on Service 13 has suffered a mechanical problem at Bathford. Engineers on way. Apologies for any delays 
@wideawakewesley just went on Tesco site. Says product is discontinued 
Plans - apart from walk - epic measuring session at two houses down here in Dorset - lunch with family then the long &amp; winding road 
Tesco profit whilst the diverse independents in the high street are shoved aside. So sad, try and support your locals food shops 
Yesterday was really sunny but today it's heavy rain. Typical Scottish weather 
For some reason Bedfont guest wireless won't go to Evernote or gmail. 
@davidviner Gutted that Preston won 6-nil. Looks like Cardiff's play-off hopes are not too good either. I'm sorry for Swansea &amp; Cardiff 
@biggerpills For asplit second I thought he might have a thing against beer (but that's CAMRA) 
got caught in the nasty Glasgow rain this morning with no coat 
Bristol was great we made some new friends...sadly I've caught a little cold... 
Cardiff Cougars defeated again  Dylan scored a try tho so the rugby league career dream is undented
Why doesn't Devon follow my twitted? 
Another fab day   Looking forward to meeting up with the Wadhurst Runners tonight, their annual dinner - I miss the club 
is scared of the mirror in the bathroom now, thanks Hawkwood 
bloody trains are screwed again! no trains going from Romford to Liverpool St! 
is working today. Not going to Brighton now  due to excess workload.
One of the things I miss most about Belfast is Marks and Spencers food  So lovely! Not fun is walking 45 min to nearest Starbucks :p
I'm up at 4:00 because Scotland time still is with me.  taking @libeydawg to breakfast.
@ahj I wanna come so bad but I don't live near Swindon! 
@rooreynolds I'd also like to see my family in Dorset. But they're in new Zealand. Mostly 
At NAHT conference: Ed Balls on later to persuade against SATS boycott. Heads need to vote yes. If they don't, DCSF will stop negotiating 
Primark begins in 1.15 minutes  I hate my job.
Disaster... The #deli in #Conwy has shut! Where have the two lovely owners gone? 
@Norbridge selling for scrap only here unless very special or seriously antique. 
is on her way back to Colchester  but is unfortunately stuck in lots of traffic 
Is sitting in traffic a23 into Brighton 
knows that, although Oxford is very good she is still a Cambridge girl 
Aww poor Hartlepool  2-0 down already
@zoziekins Me too  I saw them last week 3 times. Blackpool, Edinburgh and Newcastle. The better it is the worse the depression after haha
Charmouth windier than Lyme. still beautifully sunny though. No chips. 
On Dulwich park - little girls really get the crap end of the stick, toys and outfits-wise, eh? Brash pink overload on every single item 
season is over, St Johnstone take a 3-1 lead, bah and humbug  I can feel some aclohol coming on later....
Just back from soccer. Bury fc won 1-0 but as the other fixtures went, they needed to win 2-0 for automatic promotion  It's play-off time
@kels450 Silly Airdrie though  *pokes them*
@Thehodge grr - I assume you've stooped down to the level of going to Tesco as you don't have a machine to finish work on? 
Waking up in Cardiff, gutted to be miles away from the real action later today in Reading 
just watched The Somme...gut-wrenching... 
I've not heard any positive feedback at all about the Caxton St Seafood event. That sucks for the organisers 
Off to ride out and then go to work while the rest of Newmarket heads to the Guineas! 
Off to Blackpool to run, I really cba 
@richardepryor I'm just going for the day, wish it was back to Cambs for good LOL, I don't like it here 
is off to asda    then the Rushden Cavalcade 
Bath is run, uniform is ready...still can't be bothered to go to work 
anyone else in Coventry hear bomb go off?   no just my kitchen afta jack &amp; mates had munchies watchin boxing 
On the back roads trying to get to Painswick and avoiding the closed m6 southbound  http://twitpic.com/4gybd
@The_Kingfisher I popped it 
@garry1bowie mmm I love those rolls but I think Tesco fell out with Mortons cos we no longer sell them 
@gfalcone601  i think you should come to Croydon  xxxx
Dying for some food right now but train is stuck at Tring 
My mum won't take me to the other Next store to get the dress I want, they don't have it in Oldham in my size 
@Thorney88 not the kind of impression i like to send out 
loving my mom being in ireland for a change but missing south africa even more now  oh well Brighton here i come!!
Norwich football team are doing rubbish, i think there going down. 
In mcdonalds in downtown Ipswich. McFly in a bit, last gig 
never got in  anything happening in #Glasgow?
is desperate to go riding.  Watching Northanger Abbey and missing mucking around in Oxford with Aunty Val 
Poor Norwich.   And blimey x 100 about the whole Cardiff v Preston thing. My head's literally spinning with maths.
@stephenfry My condolences on Norwich. 
Its a dark day  gutted, will always be a Norwich fan but this was a disgrace
@sillypineapple not sure they'd survive the Royal Mail treatment 
@Kimbalicious so where do you live Doncaster or London? I will be spending almost EVERY other weekend in south next season!  a few c lon
@BigJTLad or 40 shirts in Primark 
@smallmatryoshka  Longsight flat was really lovely, housemate was a gem - literally the only thing wrong is the small-ness of the room 
The sun is shining in Glasgow and im in the house bringing myself around to studying.. wish i could fast forward through university 
@Thorney88 Forest end season on high! cant celebrate tonite. up early to fetch son from Gatwick leave at 5am 
is lonely because all my housemates have gone to the pub 
@AllthingsGA I applied for X Factor and got a letter with an audition for Glasgow but not sure if I can go now or not  xx
@ryantaylor we are at the pub. When are we not at the pub 
Home and in bed *yawn* should have slept there. Beds empty  boo
@cinthiacg to...Ashfield or something? I'm sure i'd still feel the same way there 
Glamorgan, Chester or Canterbury(broadstairs) Deadline for universities is tomorrow....where do i go! 
Last night in Wynyard  early start tomorrow, looking forward to rasberry farm
Primark Oxford St. was as close to hell as you've can come! I queued for almost 2 hours, everyone was rude and I didn't get the bikini. 
@evilnoob Pretty much spending all day job hunting. I ought to get my arse over to Meadowhall 
Off to B&amp;Q/Homebase to buy emulsion then to the refuse site to dump rubbish - I 'love' bank holidays  
Burnley in play offs, 1sts won, 2nds lost. Not a bad day, off to ramsbottom. Cricket + rain = 
@cragbaby ahh, shame its your last day   after any specifc probs? have a great day anyways &amp; see you in Yorkshire soon! 
if I can whip up an English Lit paper in the next... 50 minutes... I will be going to Leeds today. If not, I'll be writing a Lit paper.   
Planning to go to the Victorian Extravaganza in Llandudno today, but it's raining  #fb
is leaving Cornwall and heading to bristol airport 
I really hope Tesco will have re-stocked their aisles today, need ibuprofen, just took my last just now! 
@Sir_Almo haha yeah except the work days 
@juliecj Cheshire is grey n miserable 
@JohnnyOthers We were in Brighton yesterday and yeah that market was poor. Bumbed into jimmy and catherine but not you 
@Georgina_Milne didn't pass that way - sorry 
Setting off to #JuggleCon 2, hope it's not rained off, if it is I've been told it's a Trafford Centre trip 
fell over in Blackpool yesterday, messed up my knee, ripped my new jeans and hurt my ankle  not happy.
@Mateocamargo M'off to buy it too :] Unfortuantly not in the same HMV as you guys  see you friday though! p.s put statistics on the set!
Missed train to Gloucester by 1 min thanks to Bullring traffic queue. Going to be late for friends' christening 
&quot;Balamory&quot; - what a horrid programme - I'm ashamed to be Scottish 
On my break at work, wishing I didn't have to leave Leicester today  do you have a clubcard? I've said it so many times today!
One of the Exiles stories made me well up in the train station. I tried not to cry while so many people were around 
back to Frome is along and boring trip  http://twitpic.com/4jiu7
Wakey wakey!!!!goodmorning!!!getting ready for school.we have to run a mile in PE today 
@deanoshoes Know what you mean! If have to leave the house before 7 tomorrow to get the train to Northallerton to start my new job 
@saule_ Cath, what's he doing????  Yell at him or something!!!   
In Waterstones book shop with @alexjreid - pity we had to head off from the #Ncltweetup early, too much to do today 
doing learndirect 
looks like its gonna rain folks...  im going for a walk, well actually im being dragged to Sainsbury's!!!
wishes she had gone to the Dockyard bout. 
I miss everyone up in Whitby 
Why not mail server like me? Dovecot was supposed to be the friendly, easy to use solution. 
@Royal_Flyness i would ask to cash in on ure debt...but i'm still a lil swine fluish...i wouldn't enjoy the meal 
@300_120896 That reminds me, too. Snape made fun of me for using that cane to walk around earlier. He said I was falling apart. 
Devon feels bad   but can't help it ;)
@shaki_sm I'll have a look. Do you live in the centre of Glasgow? I was born on Bellshill &amp; grew up in Bothwell. I miss Tunnocks pies  
@voiceoverartist we went to the one in Stoke on Trent... they only have Barbery Macuques... it was nice but could have been better 
@Bootcoot yeah Edinburgh is lovely, found a few nice places to chill out but weather kept changing all the time 
I'm waiting for Leicester DLG, but no luck. sorry guys, I'll have to check in the morning 
What a beautiful day! Such a shame we have to leave Cornwall 
bring on Cambridge !!!.....but i really don't want the tour to end 
all right then, time to leave Glasgow &amp; Scotland  but back to belfast to see Teenage Fanclub tonight!!
@moanyboot no starbucks in Stirling 
@ ClaphamPH I can't see Coraline on this weeks listings. Are you planning to show it? Do'n't make me go to the Streatham Odeon 
@DebbieFletcher I want to be your dance partner  At Oxford? Us fans prefer the more intimate gigs - not that we dnt love wembley etc tho!X
@SarahIsaacs all the effort and the u end up in Cheshunt  poor thing LOL
Downside to hangovers in Glasgow.... Orange Marches thundering past your house! 
Out with the mini-Rokks at Bicton and getting told off for twittering 
Wish I was in Bournemouth today  - how's it looking down there Dorset folk?
Arrrggghh! Beds been delayed again! No double bed for a month now 
anyway man u, city and 'pool fans, could be worse....could be a Southampton fan   (JDEdwards live &gt; http://ustre.am/2AgS)
@tobyjadee ..  But .. Roods, you said you would put anything off for me.. you lie (U) and break hearts..
@CherylMorgan none of today's Bristol tweets have appeared on your live blog. 
Asda makes me want to vomit. Literally 
@annyo84 hey!!  we've missed Cambridge 
poor kitty cat  may report the previous owners to the SSPCA :\
@Thorney88 well they say the hair of the dog dont they! only kidding im serious ive ruined my sunday 
My stomach feels weird and Harlow's keeps making noises. ugh. 
my office is freezing!!!!! Why is Picton so cold 
Morning all - so m'bro didnt win..  At least they'll play at Ipswich next year
Northern Rail train to Bradford is more akin to a cattle truck. 
Off to meetings in a moment, best part of 8+ hours in a car today  Newbury then off to Warrington in Cheshire...
in Telford, this is all far too early 
@jamie_oliver Thats fine, if you can afford lamb, the price has gone through the roof lately here in Scotland! 
Have to leave and go back to Bournemouth today  not that there's anything wrong with Bournemouth...just no Danfox there
@cameronstewart goods - thanks for asking - disappointed with Royal COmmission - they have issued a supression order 
thinks it's time for tea, but will have to make do with the office PG Tips as he's all out of Yorkshire Tea 
the nearest starbucks to Edinburgh waverly appears to be on hanover st, but they dont know what a misto is! 
@Ipswich772 yes stomach is still extremely tender from yesterday  you?
in ICT doing nothing bored as fucked! ^^ but quiet in a Hyper mood today! whoop whoop! and missing Kirsty also!  (SATURDAY cum already!) x
Isn't shopping at ASDA fun? 
Writing the BTP report 
@Lizloz dodgy?? Who are you referring to?? 
just had to turn down tickets to go see an Audience with David Attenborough in Swindon because of my knee.  I'm upset 
Raining in Dumfries 
@eddieizzard it is raining in Sheffield 
off to Canterbury Town to buy revision equipment! 
@Ipswich772 I agree all I had yesterday was 1 slice of toast and a bowl of cereal 
@DuncanInnes Its not bad. GNER not so good - I'm going back that way 
@goodonpaper Thats not good. I will have to find some where else to meet our Lisburn road clients 
@Cianjaggers But will you have need to come over anymore with Gareth sitting with you? I'm gonna miss the swearing at himself 
@SuprnaturlShana I know and I live in Scotland so I won't get to see it  *fingers crossed that Ruby gets it*
Too warm  not used to this heat in Glasgow
@teenagelust Worse than Glasgow? I find Glasgow a LOT worse whenever I'm back up. 
@dougiemcfly Is there going to be another signing in the north? Cause i live in Blackpool, couldnt go Milton Keynes today! 
@St3veT wishes the hopes high boys werent moving away.  
@aliasgirl18 You &amp; my girlfriend @ballookey !Of course me the idiot quit watching Xfiles around that time, so there was no Knowle love 
@Loz62 i know - was all set to watch tonight's final but family have voted soccer match instead 
Up n ready to leave not so dry Wycombe  its been fun
@Claire_SnugBaby chucking down with rain here so might be quick Tesco shop and spend the rest of the day cleaning! 
@frankiecheska yeah mega mixup on the trains  im having to go Sheffield-Doncaster then down to Kings X
Queen St was quirky! homeless, 5 dogs in a trolley, neat stretch hummer and no parks 
Stairrods in Surrey. 
My head hurts I have been walkin round Skipton to find some monster but everything is closed and all others are too expensive 
Heart goes out to all Round-Cheltenham charity cyclists in the rain today 
@halfacanyon two weeks tomorrow we must write about the devolution of Scotland. Fuck Ian McEwan, fuck tha SNP 
is not enjoying the looooooong queue @  Woolworths in Cavendish 
@stickypop ih well Gav ain't following me so can't msg him 
@sevenseconds I'm jealous, the timelapse friendly clouds have just been blown away down here in Brighton  ... still, at least it's sunny
I forgot to tell you, but Rhys (or however you spell it) took Fallout 3 back 
stuck in Ashington... please someone save me 
@3en were running out of pubs, that will end up as flats probably 
@Samthepoodle Not the St.Ives in Cornwall though 
it's lovely and sunny here in Cornwall today, bit windy but I don't mind...just wish my car was back so we could go for a nice drive 
@jimmoray are you playing up in Scotland again any time soon.  I was hoping to come see u at CC but I had bird flu, swine flu AND SARS 
Is getting annoyed. Humph. 
#rugbyleague 56 Mins Harlequins score again  it's now 'Quins 24 Wakey 11..come on lads, lets kick on!
Cream crackered!!! 10k run round Oxford in 1 hour, 12 mins... with a sprint finish!! But got blister now!! 
Hove Place out of roast dinner, I have to cook now  gutted
Cambridge Utd aren't playing very well 
I am in my 2nd lecture class in Bermuda and I am already tired 
didn't manage to get through on the phones to get tickets for the Cambridge folk festival  They are all sold out now.
At Edinburgh airport waiting to board. Not looking forward to my flight 
@glennw @glennw Ive seen him before in other stuff. I think he's actually got a Yorkshire accent. 1st episode ain't got me hooked though 
Anyone looking for a flatmate in Glasgow? 
@JohnSTC I'm on the train just coming into Glasgow and observed the same thing! 
Oh my that's an ominous big black cloud above Glasgow 
Currently on a train (first of 4) heading down to Henley-on-Thames for a training session. As usual Virgin Trains are overly hot 
Suppose I'd better get up  Edinburgh/Borders today, site survey to do...
@mikeslone Thanks for the add. BTW: Love the Flying Scotsman! Went to Edinburgh to see Graeme O'Bree's bike at the Museum,but it was shut 
Ratha breezy &amp; wet in Beaufort, Ebbw Vale this morning... 
Is looking forward to meeting Nua Sheffield, but had a crap nights sleep  This is going to be a looooong day...
Morning tweeties!! Off to Wakefield on the train today, was going to walk it but it's 20 ish miles away and raining here  oh well! Xxx
@zbeauvais it's sloshing down in Telford 
@Breyfann sleep well. It's early in Scotland worktime. 
Cardiff Uni staff reprimanded student after finding offensive remarks on FB http://tinyurl.com/ad3vr8 (from @gairrhydd)  
@1Dee2 At the moment it's bright and sunny in Colchester, but I think it may be about to turn 
My i key is being dodgy 
Wolfram  Actually just changed my mind - Caerphilly = hemphill - and no results for Ystrad Mynach
Also Liquid Eggwhites are impossible to find apart from online. Asda, Tesco and Sainsburys all don't stock it 
@heawood saw a shop in Dorset selling them too. Had a UKIP poster on the wall as well 
Maths exam soon  hope i get to Knaresborough on time aha bus better turn up!! :p
is watching LPEP 2k9. Harby's the awesome-st freshman ever! I miss the dancing scene.   http://plurk.com/p/uj6fr
@Sion71 haha morning mate. Just probing the new version now... I see a wet weekend in Skegness, but no sign of the Bahamas...or coffee 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Rick Shaws [the best take away joint in Edinburgh] has closed  Gutted.
What a shame TEDx Leeds clashes with ALT-C 2009 
don't try to eat a whole bag of mixed nuts from Tesco, it will make you feel sick!  
Just out of orthodontist's it hurt  in Lisburn now.
@cookiemonster82 I must admit I miss the seaside, used to live 10 mins walk from Eastbourne seafront, childhood home was on Sussex Downs 
@WynnyW I'm thinking of supporting Woking from now on. 
browsing campmor.com, pretending I'm going to Rothbury 
@darrenferguson No Centreparcs in St. Albans 
Just home from business exam, really glad it's over. Sainsbury's in hamilton didn't have the passion pit album 
@Ms_Cilla poor hun  well, you can play all weekend then :* all I'll do all the house work ^^
back in Brighton and not loving the amount of work I've got to do in the next five days  but o well it'll be over soon.
Off to buy some new shoes on Oxford St (God help me!). Why does Southwark station always smell of vomit? 
i need to go to Darlington, but don't want to go at rush hour! ohhh 
Driving from manchester to Glasgow is loooooooong 
@Swineshead Ah, such is the way with so much on the net 
@knmn That gives a bad impression. Thumbs down ASDA. 
@mbukmagazine I hope your weather is better for your ride than for mine in Gloucestershire 
Not going to make #4networking in Peterborough tomorrow (8am-10 @ The Hampton (Brewers Fayre)). Will miss you guys. 
i just googled 2000 follower limit and YEP...there is a max...so i guess i cannot follow any more peeps. (time to unfollow some i guess)  
@TamikasTreehous you guys should really get some gigs sorted in Edinburgh, Glasgows too far away 
morning ladies, time to get up and pack the rest of my shizzle for Brighton this weekend. I want to go see the ladyboys again! 
Oh no. Teacher facing disciplinary in Argyll and Bute is one of my network. Really sorry. 
@yob_au I had that 
landed Heathrow finally, in T1 Wetherspoons having full English and Strongbow. Mixed feelings today 
Still missing my Rhys 
Trying to speak to Gateshead council to sort out my council tax. So far I've been on the phone for 10mins. 
can't find a room in Edinburgh for love nor money  #fb
@dancinqueenie u also have no idea how much I wish I stayed in Aberdeen! sun, cocktails and cakes! 
@joshdoyle what time will you be Kuching round in Bristol til? I have election training after work so won't make it in time for your gig 
Walked home yesterday. Going through the ultra-polluted Rotherhithe tunnel was a bad idea   http://yfrog.com/5kqfij
Just got back from Tesco and the torchwood books are not in 
@markhoppus I was really hoping you was gonna be playing at the Leeds festival this year! 
At Edinburgh airport. Flight's been delayed about 30 minutes. 
Going through my Rightmove rejects    Thats the thing with portal feeds, they all like a little bit of different information!
Asda website so very buggy. They get one more shot then I go for Tesco 
@BryanMouat been on most of the tour so far mate ... Missin Manchester tonight though  Glasgow been the best so far
Standby starts in 2 mins, blue skies in Ayrshire, consequently expecting the phone to ring! 
@darkfienix I'm going, but it's obviously a different pub 
@Shinybiscuit  damn Weatherspoons.
I really want to go to Cardiff.. why is just that bit too far away for a realistic day trip 
Wow lots of interesting stuff on twitter and facebook. But gotta do some other work now.... Dull day in Yaxley  but warm 
Furious with Abbey today 
someone talk, Bex has passed out, scotts downstairs and my sisters hungover. and the remanders of peple just left... 
@bengoldacre The Waterstones website says &quot;There has been a problem processing this request&quot;. 
@Bembridge trying to think of anything I could hang over your head to stop you telling all.........I got nothing 
tomorrow is gonna be exciting/tense, we (Falkirk) could get relegated 
@a_biao It's a bit like Buckingham Palace - they do it for the tourists. ;-) Only the uniforms aren't as pretty 
@craigyd afraid im heading back to Dorset for my lil sisters birthday  when u going next week?? am totally up for it!
@ellienewby Daz is meant to be comin to see me sat or sun, he sick of me naggin lolz but i jus want us to sort this mess out 
My leavers mass was so sad 
@Chells  Chells  - can U follow shopperannie2 please, I have to separate work from personal 
@abbeeey Aw Abbey, I envy you! 
The morning commute just isnt the same without Rover 
And onto more depressing things, I think i dreamt that Caley stayed up last night. Not good at all.  :p
No dodgems 
@missmei Oi listen - I live in HITCHIN - its all we've got  xx
I was just about to drive alll the way to Wem to get another chuck, because ours is so lonelyy.... but dad said I wasn't allowed. hmph 
On my way to meet my lovely friend! I always manage to have a drunk sit with me on the bus though. Meths breath 
@geospizafortis Why is the Glastonbury i'm not going to have to be so awesome. 
think we must be missing something here in Leeds, all the talk is about the sun and all I see is gray clouds 
@Z303 me neither, will be trying to head for Torquay in about 90mins 
@GeneticGenesis Mmmm think I might have to go and make some of my own now. Just Yorkshire Tea though 
On way to PDSA. 
@YNagarur awesome i play in a band and were struggling to find a bass player :S  Scotland! in 4th year doing my exams at the moment 
Wondering why you can only buy giant Cadbury's buttons now and not the normal sized ones  still just as delicious!
@skynash Gas leak according to Wagamama Birmingham's site 
@SimonBishop i used to be a chemist! i'm still RSC younger members rep for NI, for another year or so anyway, then all ties will be cut 
We're in Leeds but the bands dont start till 6pm gutted! 
@bigdaddymerk Bespoke Computing Ltd has a presence in Telford AND Shrewsbury, just The Best of Telford &amp; Wrekin dont have awards yet 
@jessicastrust http://bit.ly/1a2XGq  does but not a great chance to read it,as just on way to Tesco 
@warrencass Off to the Norfolk Broads for a bit of R&amp;R (and a bit of DIY too  ). Have a good one Warren and enjoy the weather
@stonernation what can u tell us about the movie cause I ain't heard nothing over in Scotland  we get kept in the dark lol
I'm so sad that I've left!! I'm going to miss my friends that are going to Truro! especially molly eliza and @teganfawn 
plan of the day:  revise (ish) and drink lots of rose.  i wish seeing Mr Hudson in Birmingham was part of this plan.  alas no 
is going to Cardiff 2moro with my sis to see...John Barrowman! She's making me come with her!  Omg!
Nooooo! I got my tickets for the Royal Enclosure @ Ascot months ago - &amp; just realised it's the same weekend as working with RAF @ #F1GP 
@watfordga no won't be at Blackpool have another event 
Royal mail!    0_o
just found out that there is a fatality on the Paddington-Reading line. Looks like its going to be a long commute back to Windsor 
@madinalake Omg! im soo gutted i didnt know you was coming to Leeds  lets just hope you come back you guys are awsome Attics to Eden = ACE
@Mrgareth Gareth.. you're just reporting gloom and doom  it matches the weather
@adMike I know  I need a carer...
should finally finish my SXSW reviews, get my photos up from Belfast, Edinburgh &amp; Glasgow. &amp; a million other things, but must wait again. 
@daveockun I hate you , Fleetwood is my favorite band...I'm so jealous  ok I still love you haha
@half_a_mind Chris and I are staying in Glasgow instead cause there is absolutely no accomodation in Edinburgh due to the marathon 
Warwick Castle http://snurl.com/izzau Amazing!  Off to Devon for a week...no internet, no updates 
@truestepper Other people have their Glasgow ones, standing and seats, for all nights. 
The Renegades last day was today and...well... he's gone... didn't catch him  Gutted... Closest he came to Greenock was Kilmacolm!
Devon has caught and ate a fly. I dont know why she swallowed a fly. I guess she'll die. 
@cskly Kev, fuck off! I'm stuck in Westgate working 
@iskrin rubbish! 
damn! got caught eating my Cadbury Temptations by the brother. Last 6 pieces gone  will get Bournville next time. u have to earn it!
@RobbieBarnes hmmm they are on offer in Tesco as well but I don't think the wee one next to me will stock them! 
@pennynash I was scared by the Daleks in the DW Exhibition in Cardiff.  
Tracy and Berwick breaks my achy breaky heart  They split ways in the hallways.
My feet are killing, I've walked miles in search of an art shop...doesn't seem like Ealing has one 
@rachaely57 Yes! Haha and then when he impaled himself with the crossed keys!  Love Scottish-trying-to-be-Irish Ewan McGregor 
I'm packed up &amp; leaving my Canterbury office &amp; my fab QA&amp;V colleagues for the last time   A great bunch of people. I will miss you xx
im still devastated about manchester united losing the UCL final 
Such a busy day today!! Banbury Fair fashion show tonight and move into my apartment tomorrow! i have no started packing yet 
@_Cheshire_Cat_ 
Yorks V Lancs on the telly. Not going too well for Yorkshire. 
just found out I won't be tweeting from ,my phone in Scotland, different networks    I was going to upload photos to twitpic, sorry
Just received my Leeds 10K bib and timing chip - but my hip injury means I won't be breaking any 10K PB this time around 
I Wish i was still in Cornwall - i miss my auntie's dogs 
@Thorney88 oh and i feel for you getting up at such an unearthly hour 
Hours of refusal upon realisation that tomorrow's #Morrissey gig at Brixton is postponed.   Only been looking fwd to that for 6 monthsish
@skinnermike I told that joke onstage at Butlins in 1991. One person laughed. Scarred for life at 8 
This Water Horse movie is totally making me want to go to Scotland. I want a water horse  lol
@gergtreble I trailed the streets of Sheffield and couldn't find the pub!  And all the numbers I had were landlines. How goes it?
A lovely couple of days with friends from Wolverhampton. At least the weather improved for their last day today. On call tomorrow 
@mops_beyond I told you people in indiana were batshit. I lived there, after all. I feel like I escaped from that Orwell book everyday... 
@lilyroseallen is it true you have a part in Neighbours?? I have been brought up watching that show..I wanna be on it 
St joe is dirty. 
@calvinharris You should get tickets Scotland told! They aren't selling tickets for ANY of your scottish dates yet! 
Should I go see Kasabian or the Kooks at the Eden Sessions this summer? Oasis is sold out  C.Brunt, could you imagine seeing Oasis in UK?
Starting to get a little tired,  lol but yeah im so excited to start school... its just a hop skip and a jump away june 1St bitches
In coach heading from Stansted to Liverpool Street Station and feeling pretty ill 
Builders have informed us they r taking a month off to do catering at  festival! Can only happen in Glastonbury 
Morning! I've got to leave beautiful Pembs n go home today so I've got the poutiest lip imaginable...  I don't wanna gooooo!!
Why are there so many Kenyan sevens supporters on twitter? I can't find anyone who supports Scotland 
I want to go to the YFC thing tomorrow. 
Another amazing day in Edinburgh that I'll be inside  http://twitpic.com/68v6j
@yezzer toilets in Brighton are bad generally from what I have found 
It's so nice outside but I have to finish off this bit of work  @withoutmayo have a great day in Brighton.
Just about to leave luverly, beautiful Pembrokeshire and I'm sooo sad! I'm gonna turn into a 3 yr old n have a tantrum!!!! 
Newbury town centre blocked this morning - thanks to 4 way traffic lights letting 2 go at once!  stuck for 45 minutes   Grrrrrrrr
Now I'm all for a bit of sunshine, but this is ridiculous. I can't actually breathe  I want the Glasgow rain back!
Going to Tescos because we has no food.  Why did I offer to go?
Oh, the games conference at Bedfordshire Uni I got invited to is cowering under the awesome that is E3 
Procrastinating... packing my bags (very slowly) to leave Ye Olde Slovakia... Rainy Scotland here i come 
Wish wish wish I was from Ipswich - you get soooo much more house for your money there! One even has a swimming pool! I want I want!! 
so much for getting some sunshine...I'm off to Tesco's 
Crows lose last game 1-0 to Didcot. Simpike Jr subs bench again  it's down to the maths now likely I'll be home in time for cup final
...everyone heading to Rottingdean beach, I'll clean some cabinets then 
Procrastination is evil  going down to Tesco to get some lunch now, after a whole 10 minutes of maths I deserve it....(!)
@__Abbey no i was too late 
RSPCA got cages n trying to get the cats n dogs out ... grmph 
@kristosbaby Lol am in Glasgow green but need to head to work soon.  what you doin the morra?
lovely weather in Cambridge! But I need to work on my thesis 
Struggling to find a portaloo 
sun, park. little park cafe has a #DAB radio (tuned to Heart London, not Heart Bristol  ), people next to us have a DAB radio too. W00t.
Riding on the Saltburn Miniature Railway - not well enough for big trains today  http://bit.ly/xQiTg
Wizahd bumma - they got rid of the Cow Hampshire sign in epsom. 
League 2 club Accrington Stanley face a High Court date on 10/6 after being issued with a winding-up order by HM Revenue and Customs.... 
Kissing goodbye to Cambridge. 
im gonna go to asda and buy games that will distract me from studying, my prospectus for Abertay arrived today, 4 higher B's are needed 
Wishes he was at the Royal show 
can't believe it's 3 degrees hotter in Slough than Banbury  just drove back and watched the temp steadily drop to 23
tried to buy Fettercairn 12 YO and Tomintoul Peated: no success - stores closed or not well equipped 
Is home and relaxing in the sunshine before she has to go to Worthing 
It's kinda sad, seeing stuff on the news about people in Lincolnshire whose houses fell down in the quake. Lots of aftershocks since  #tfe
Oh and Diversity better win tonight or I'm taking a trip to Scotland with some bin bags, a hacksaw and a shovel 
 i got sunburnt 2day....In Blackpool :O lol my little boy had fun tho....chucking water on me lol
@30SECONDSTOMARS wow you guys are cool for spreading the summit across the world,oh but you always forget out Scotland when you tour  
Shopping in Brighton is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!! my poor bank account  its crying lol
craves some sort of socialising!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    Drinks in Glasgow? ANYONE?!
It should have been a night out with the boys from Basildon, turned into a quite night with family in Colchester 
@606ItsYourTweet One of the biggest steps back ever. Norwich 
oh no, Aidan Davies has started the kids off crying on BGT 
No offence to 2 grand but i would have deffo preferred Callum to be there 
Driving home after race - NPS 3 XC - Margam Park. Liam Killeen won in convincing style (Oli 2nd, Bibby 3rd) #npsxc3 Me = DNF 
@Eclairez_moi awe Bex I'm sorry u have to work! 
Currently sat in the Three Hulats in Leeds awaiting food. No Marstons Pedigree though 
@mikebailey01 she makes me physically sick  her face looks like she has been mauled by an angry OAP haha
Enjoys doing practice MBE questions, strangely enough even though I get most of them wrong 
@NewburyAS all I can see is the moon I'm in Slough near Burnham   http://twitpic.com/6a7c6
@malcyL we're always thinking of going! Used to go to Brancaster when we lived near Kettering. Won't be going tomorrow though 
@helenaustin I'm in Cardiff, but doing The Glee Club. The Jongleurs here closed down 
Gutted Staveros Flately didn't win BGT 
@JamieExp YEP YEP!!! Unfortunately Tampa's NBC won't carry it.  #stanleycup #magic
 the closest BGT tour is Cardiff or London dam it why doesnt anybody other than the Chuckle Brothers tour the Westcountry?
should be in Leeds being killed by @diplo.... isn't ... 
Why won't HBoS online let me set aliases for my accounts, instead of just showing a list of bloody sort codes 
oo no i got sacked on football manager as Bradford manager 
@Ryan_Tudor I know  Ooooh guess what campus's I'm checking out in the next few months the Harrow &amp; Regent of Westmister Uni XD
@ebassman everyone talks about waffle house they have to get one in Bostin!!! I feel like I am missing out 
Edinburgh: great city for a piss up, terrible city for a marathon when everybody's out on the piss except you 
:O :O :O someones just told me Royal isnt single  !!!!! soo unhappppyy right nowww
I'm going to Butlins...yeh hurray lets go on the tiny bouncy castle and tea cups! sure! I'm a bit too old for Butlins! 
screaming chavs outside 
Wishing I was in Bournemouth at the last WAYF of the year 
@JessicaKSzohr Piers said he wanted her to win and the crowd booed her...it was rather harsh! 
@__Abbey hahaha yes and i was left talking to myself 
So long twitter, I shall revisit thee when I finish my paper! -lThe ife of a procrastinator 
Caley wishes that she broke my wrist.....  
Almost forgot. Newborough beach was fantastic but it's left me sunburnt on my feet, hands and neck + a healthy glow in my cheeks.  and 
No meet today at Ngong Racecourse  - in a perfect mood to go, too.  
@SillyEz  wish I new I don't live there bt moving there soon well want 2 anyway Austins my home!
@timlovejoy Rangers won, but they were awful,gutted Falkirk didn't get anything 
@grant78uk oh I used to love going Bournemouth beach when it was sunny! Relaxing today me thinks, back to work after a week off tomorrow 
@KarlaWraight work at a further education college.went to Bristol yesterday to see my brother and then drove to derby last night.no fun 
Bleary-eyed at denny's. 
time to get up - got a busy day again which ultimately results in me in Oxford again for work tonight 
@onlydanno still feel dodgy  I dont think its him ;)
It's a lovely day for the beach or better still the Isles of Scilly, but sadly I am stuck at home 
via @cloud64: Five days xcable NE wind. Bet the lads will be out to bag those Okeford &amp; Maiden Castle records. And I'm stuck in Dartford 
Five days xcable NE wind. Bet the lads will be out to bag those Okeford &amp; Maiden Castle records. And I'm stuck in Dartford 
It's a glorious day here in Bournemouth, but I sadly have to work 
@ZoERUDURS SO jealous. I love both Newcastle and Derren! He hasn't been in Belfast for ages 
Watching a movie on TV that's set in Edinburgh and it's making me really homesick   Winters and all, I do miss it.
is home from holiday to find Bruno one of our cats is lost in Clapham Common http://bit.ly/JbAxW 
@fruityalexia I know the feeling, I generally have to work pub hols too. 
Also Tesco phoned - their van has broken down so no food until 3-4pm. I could have gone out this morning after all 
@GigglyLipstick no, I know I should speak Welsh too 
@Harkaway perhaps the cable-chewing canine would like a duck friend... (poor sad duck) 
Another really nice day in Newbury, just looked at the weather and it's gonna be pretty nice all week. shame i don't tan - just burn... 
Another blistering hot day in Edinburgh...I have very naff sunburn going on 
@vernontrent I recently bought a replacement for my Epsom scanner; the new version can't scan 4x5   
@ImAMONSTER_x  It's probably stress though. Cambridge isn't the easiest uni. But make him see a doctor.
Johnny Cupcakes speaking at Leeds: http://tinyurl.com/mgllhj http://tinyurl.com/nxvkjn  why don't i live in Leeds again?? 
@Martspurs no Adnams here sadly  just old people.
Misguided attempt to start convo about Leeds barcamp reaching out to teens has left me feeling frustrated with myself. Excess enthusiasm. 
In the garden, learning lines... Scorching day! No more Welsh Col plays   great party last night though.
@darylsws Just received my Leeds 10K bib and timing chip - but my hip injury means I won't be breaking any 10K PB this time around 
Getting ready to go Coventry. Just thought, haven't got anything to watch on saturdays now BGT has finished 
Hull KR v Warrington; awesome game, awful result  can't believe wer outta the cup it feels like xmas has been cancelled!!
is gutted that Mcflyy isn't coming to Cardiff, as she sees them every year 
@NimbleRunner I'll be doing it - but I picked up an injury doing the Yorkshire Three Peaks, so there'll be no PB for me this time 
@UpYourBracket aahh I wish I could but I'm going to have a shower now and I think Callum's coming over in a while, then revision  gaaaay!
Just dropped the mother-in-law off at the train station. Oxford hot and busy. A/C not working in the car 
@kreatture there are a few in Halifax... Ex-nay on the Newfies though. 
Seems like the entire city of Glasgow had the same idea. It's packed! No room to throw a frisbee 
Just woke up again   Caversham must hate me
@justamoochin whooohoo! Devon is the best! Chilling is ace. Although I can feel a cold coming on!  X
Another beautiful day. Pity that instead of spending it pottering around Devon like @Alicebouquet et al  I have to stay in and revise 
@jepsipepsi awww rain?  it's so hot and sunny here in Ipswich 
A127 shut eastbound at Rayleigh Weir 
@HoptonHouseBnB As u don't allow kids in your lovely B&amp;B  can you recomend a Shropshire B&amp;B that does?
@jamiesmart no I am sat on the couch moaning and J is colouring a massive picture of the Stannah Stairlift factory 
Last 1/2 day in Cardiff &amp; Wales  hav had a lovely time!
@EmmaFalconer I left my red shoes in Brighton! woe 
Home from an awesome Southport Skate, loads of work to do now 
@Wrathy oks  i'll just sit in the garden drinking my finest Tesco blackcurrant juice (chilled of course)
teatime! am sunburnt 
@Ipswich772 I miss English cwk  it was amazing.
Travelling to Putney from Southend via Finsbury Park, confusingly. Thus, will miss the freakzone.  #zonechild
RAFA!!! I cannot believe this! 
Not feelin being back.. took 45 mins to drive through Brixton, hayfever is killing me and I have to go back to work tommorrow. 
Leicestershire got hammered by Lancashire!  It's gonna be a long slog of a summer for us!
Just got home from a nice jaunt to the south of the country. It's cold back in Notts 
@Beverley0308 haha that apron is ace! Those (chicken) breasts look lush. I get stuck.same old stuff:burgers, sausages, sticks of meat etc 
Oh god, got peeling arms, chest and face - its the Geordie sun that did it!!! 
I'm never buying cheap Tesco sausages again, I should of known 48p for 8 was too good to be true 
Just back home, leaving to Brittas now... unfortunately. Going to miss sailing tomorrow 
@rockinrose In Scotland 
Burning motorcycles in the street at 5am in Denham!?! Its turning into Bexleyheath 
@alan_shaw Scotland never win! 
@vi3an Ayr - somewhere further west than glasgow. :| it's a nice place but wrong timing. sigh. exam in ~ a month time 
whoever said that you cannot get burnt in the British sun can apologise PERSONALLY to my sunburnt legs  Side note: Bournemouth was awesome
ohh, god. I miss Cambridge and the Mcfly concert! 4 week ago   buuhoo.
having difficulty adjusting to the fact it gets darker here quicker than Scotland... and not living next to the beach   xxx
had a lovely weekend in the Bristolian sun, now back to work tomorrow and missing the rest of the sun 
wow apparently wings and beer on sunday aint hoppin in Murrells iNlet... 
My Talbot shirt and my Prince of Wales shirt are missing.  I'm about to freak out! I have no idea where I put them last. 
@liamyoung Where's Glasgow on that list? 
The Deeside Drowning story is coming out - a lot of the local rumours turned out to be true  http://is.gd/KWfg
No wonder it's harder to understand &quot;englishness&quot; when 'profit motive' is causing blanding and Tesco-isation    http://tinyurl.com/knorth
@OmarRaza I wanna be in Glasgow now  No fair lol!
Catching train to Epping. Loads of fun.  http://yfrog.com/7hmerwj
Nevermind, Cornwall's is closed. 
@mmm_gash does it? :S thats a bit shit  try Gumtree?
@Shepherd Good luck with Daylesford  Consider Kyneton and Woodend (with Holgate brewhouse!) as alternative/less contended option perhaps?
I am GUTTED that Birdsong is no longer on DAB! Such a relaxing station it will be sadly missed 
Only two carriages for the 7:30 from Cardiff this morning. I do not fancy the chances of anyone trying to get on at Severn Tunnel Juction 
wants to go back in time and spend more time with my lovers in Oxford!  http://plurk.com/p/xkebb
@pfspleen yes, it will, but need to move it to make room for the dream Smeg fridge freezer ..We are not DIY types so have to pay &quot;men&quot; 
What a beautiful sunny and warm day already in Aberdeen. I just love summers like this. It won't last though!! 
So SuBo is in the Priory  she's gonna be the new Jade Goody
@deadlyhifi Such a good band, they are playing Belfast in August, I'm gutted as I'm in Mytholmroyd then 
Scotland isn't meant to be this hot, especially this early...and i have work today 
it's 26degrees here in Glasgow.... how the hell did I get a cold? it's not fair!!!!! 
@NANCY___ Paisley  I want to go outside! Ah, that sucks. We all have these problems, women for me though.
Anyone know a good electronic component retailer in Dundee? I can't get Yell.com to work 
@MissJoJoSmith is she really in the Priory already?!?!?!? 
@kitschycoo She met Nairn 
Sunshine again, got burnt at Gardening Scotland yesterday  graphically designing material for fragile-x society today
I'll see what the GP says. Probably a long waiting list to see a specialist. Ah, the Scottish NHS!  Like the NHS in England but worse. 
why must I study bush regeneration  WHY!
On the phone to Royal Mail, unbelievable menu structure, 12 mins and counting, just because web site doesn't have the full information 
@ciaranhenderson We were going to National Archives @ Kew the day after Who do you think you are? live show but is closed on Sundays 
Sun is shining, weather is sweet... Don't feel like ranting much, wanted to use the loo in Prezzo Hitchin on Sat &amp; they wouldn't let me 
@EvilGayTwin nom! ASDA is so far away though 
Parked in Daventry before goint to deliver in Rugby. Awesome weather for it though. Even if the tyruck is a little warm 
There should be a bank holiday in Scotland when there is nice weather !!! This is shit being stuck in a office on a day like this 
bored bored bored waiting for Asda to deliver my shopping.I cant even sit in the garden as I wont be able to hear the door 
Wants Callum to get out of the shower because I am desperate for the toilet 
@VIVELELANCE unfortunately missed it was still in Edinburgh after the nocturne &amp; marathon 
Stuck in a windowless office in Maryhill. Taggart was right: Maryhill IS murder. 
slept all day after i got home from RFL, now i can't sleep  might just pull another all-nighter D: so bored.
@carmenpie sounds perfect to be fair! Finsbury park then Camden for the eve?! Will prob have to be next weekend now unfortunately! 
@ciijay14 Someone tried to hack me ciijay. I want my Blogtv jnr back. I need you too come back and Yell at them all 
Roasting today again, it's Scotland, it's not meant to be like this. A bit cranky due to the heat 
@gsquintani good news indeed! sure he'll get round to calling at some point, H did her knee (again) on her 1st app for Tring ladies yest 
Thinking it is too hot.............good for drying washing that I bought back from Orkneys but too hot for anything else 
This really looks recession time... Just a few jobs available in Gumtree and nothing for me 
Asda just robbed me of 98p! 
I don't wanna move out Bristol on 2nd thoughts  but can't find a job and course that fits. Am getting really fustrated!
Primark size ten has now stopped accomodating my derriere 
Really wants to be in Tollymore with the wife today 
Disappointed by the news of Lydd no longer being a venue for drifting 
@kattiev Theres not a train to Bristol though- well from Bath but that would be silly! Would drive in&amp;I dont think I've got the petrol 
Another day in Sunny Glasgow, and yet again, nothing i wanna do 
Wish i was going to Brixton tonight 
Giving my phone some more juice before it dies on me, had a short trip to Bournemouth, no Cob   http://yfrog.com/1a7ykj
Just been out to the bank and its so lovely and warm in #Brighton its a shame to come back inside to carry on working 
@manojero I can't go near a spider! Beverley had to get rid of one for me last night  I really really hate them 
@tee_gee Limes in a zone 5? I had no idea one could do that. I may have to rethink my back garden.  I may lose my little Norfolk pine. 
1 hour into my journey to Leeds and I've gotten all the way to.... St Albans! It's going to be a long journey. 
Bah! Ealing Council won't let me submit my moving information via any electronic medium. I have to print out a document and mail it 
@pushsquare Any idea of an estimate time for MSoft's conference tonight? I have a staff meeting so I'll miss the first half hour 
WOW, what a hot day - driving around, must say my furnace demo was a disaster...   but it was 32 degs in Cambridge.. thanks for air-con
my final for pub won't open 
At the crescent with heather, catching rays. Gareth has turned up, hmph 
I hope I make my connection at Cardiff, otherwise I won't be able to pick up my car tonight! FGW train is running late 
Hot hot hot!  Glasgow is steaming!  Could get used to this! But the weatherman always puts a dampner on it...cold tomorrow 
Worse thing is i'm gonna have to go back to Bannatynes cos Esporta have upped their prices so much 
@Bex_TOforWC   congrats!!! I am waiting for the day to become an aunty for the 1st time!      darn siblings...just not ready yet!
@Markusredhead it sucks to be me so bad  surely a tenner to you is like a penny to me!!!  xxxxxxxxx
Oh great, Prestwicks full of neds, should've guessed as much! 
Looking at Leaky pictures is making me sad  miss everyone. I had Birmingham to look forward to so its a delayed feeling.
@goaudio dudessss, when you coming to Leicester? you have loadsa fans here but no one good comes here 
@JONASfanNO1 And im from Oxford , i wanna live in america too 
Not happy Bath just lost 3 of their best players 
At Sir grandfather's home, we r chilling after the funeral of his grandpa Davy 
woke up at 3am because in Oxford, that was usually the time I woke up for school 
http://twitpic.com/6f9d1 - Mabey next year you'll be back 
@Splishsplosh i WAS and noone can come to the pub with me  boo!
ridiculous traffic getting to 89 in lebanon - we'll be lucky to make it to Harlow's by 7 
Walking from Twerton to town with no socks and new insoles definitely not a good idea = lacerated feet  catching bus home!
@DanielMoroney  I like Wales? &amp; Name a city that isn't chavy, really...
is in Usk and forgot to bring her videos to edit over the weekend 
@antonycotton She is a victim of her own success and Piers put her right there 
i like the new drop dead bat dress/Cardigan i want them  to bad it cost like 96537832465743265743 australian dollars
Ugh. My dog has Lyme disease 
Thinking my patio dinner plans on Newbury may get foiled by rain 
is missing her sister who's in Bermuda, and her boyfriends who's an hour away 
@chictopia rubbish i was 5015 
YEP YEP!! working again.... and youtube is maintenance the site T_T gotta go bx to work now.. urrr 
heading for Glasgow, on purpose!!! don't enjoy nights away 
@katlyn_x lol nah. Scottish accent though. He hid it 
7am and I've been sent to Tesco because someone forgot to buy bread yesterday 
I'm freezing...Mpumalanga is too cold. 
0721 #fgw Reading to paddington is taking forever.. nice constant 15mph since Slough.. yawn.. Even got thru all my Rss feeds 
@musewire booo, no Cardiff and nowhere down south only the O2 
think i may well be the only person shivering in Glasgow. Desk right under the aircon 
I am driving  all over the Isle of Wight today - no time to twitter    have a good day
@Jennifalconer cloudy in Lossiemouth 
@PrincessSuperC I wish I was coming to see you  if only you came to Glasgow.
Avoid Branksome roundabout this morning 
@bengoodstein Jealous of the Brockwell Lido laze! 
@Mamapack fail.  fuck the DVLA! xx
@LeighAnnMol I thought Gareth was taking 'em 
Now that I'm in Cardiff it looks like my bus has been canceled too. 
The 10:28 service from Easterton to Bath via Devizes is currently operating 30 minutes late due to a problem on the outbound journey 
considering changing wedding dress to something bright red McQueen-esque.  Mums reaction to me dress kind of killed it 
considering changing wedding dress to something bright red McQueen-esque. Mums reaction to my dress kind of killed it 
@Ellisblackman Lovely, isn't it. The gingerbread from Grasmere in the Lakes is absolutely gorgeous, but I'm stuck with some ASDA stuff 
.... In Tesco shopping.  Whooppee! 
ah i've run out of coffee and Scarletts asleep so can't go to sainsburys yet 
why is it, you get up early so you dont miss the postman and he still hasnt been by mid-day!?  grrr Postie I need my package to fix my car
Flights to Scotland for this weekend are ridiculously expensive. Wondering what to do 
@eddieizzard pants here in Lossiemouth 
@eddieizzard beautiful weather down here in Devon, sunny with a slight breeze. Perfect for staying inside and writing an essay 
@eddieizzard North England (Burnley). Bloody gorgeous! Stuck inside working 
@AdieJonas I love you too Adie *hugs* you just wen sleep as I woke up this morning 
@Davesustain Nope  . Sheffield, Liverpool, Glasgow, Birmingham (woo!), and 2 at the O2. Prob the best live band I've seen!
am wondering where the sun has gone today, coz it sure isn't shining in Dundee, is dull and cloudy! 
Power cut has taken out most of Nuffield, goodbye unsaved work 
In Blackridge, Scotland right now it is very warm my poor pups do not know what to do.. 
Currently watching coach carter! It's such a good film, samuel l jackson is amazing. Scotland isn't sunny today ahh  Entertain me? 
why do I live in Glasgow??? I want to go to Vancouver right now, as in right this minute and have starbucks on Robson 
just heard of an horrific accident in Peckham this morning? 
Another hot day in Cardiff but Unfortunetly I've become ill all the usual culprits - sore throat, cold, headache 
@O2 Whilst taking my GCSE science exam, I believe the phone fell out of my velcro bag 
No moneyz   What's up with that, Jobcentre?
Sitting outside Weybridge Station waiting for a colleague before a meeting. Lunch today is a luxury for others 
Waiting for my flight to take off from Edinburgh airport. It's gonna be a long day today 
Dundee, Scotland not sunny at all today!!! 
@x__laura aww poor you  come to Glasgow!!!
@twentysixcats I wouldn't put it in a carryon, just in case.   They took lotion from me one time.    Bath &amp; body works, too.
has just got back from Clacton and is suffering from sunburn 
@Bronxchyck I started noticing it a lil bit after the reccession started, how dirt cheap the apts R. I missed 1 they had on W. 80th St 
@kristianc No idea! I only accepted Exeter as my firm because it had a slightly higher offer than UEA. I'm really torn between the two... 
sighs. This portfolio film scrapbook thing isnt going well. What ever will I show Byatt at this stupid interview on thursday? mehh! 
Is so tired. Wish I was back in Cardiff 
just wants to see Geraint - I miss him 
Trader Vics does not make for a settled stomach 
Bath didn't improve the day much. I wanna be in bed and eat soup and feel sorry for myself 
on train. with a 30 minute wait at Gatwick (and a wait almost as long at Reading), i could have stayed in bed another hour 
We weighed Radley (our cat) when we adopted him he was emaciated at 6lbs     1 Year later he's almost 14 lbs woo hoo!! 
@Fanny_Ingabout morning sweets, I'm in head office in Slough so I can emphasise  Ah well pays for the good times eh babes  x
Off to Slough. 
@ladybug8320 it was fabulous thanks mate, today is a motorway trip to Slough, no comparison  What are your plans Gill?
Headachy today  off to Nottingham
Dammit still coughing badly, it's been two weeks since Cardiff, not fun no more! 
Swinton Insurance have stolen my image  http://bit.ly/kDnYu  and  http://bit.ly/N130k
When is the Tour of Britain coming through Stoke this time around? I know I tweeted it months back but I've forgotten 
At CAPgemini in Aston - what a grey day too 
@davidshoare Perhaps the Holby ambulance was on its way to Cardiff 
Not such a nice day here in Aberdeen Scotland. Forecast for rest of the week is no better 
bin up since 7.30 bin for a run and then Tescos and just caught up on neighbours!  work at 2.30 
Bouncing through Kincorth in a rickety old post van, slightly late start, moderately heavy bags... No early finish today 
@donalskehan Cloudy in the sprawling metropolis of Ashbourne too  It was lovely and sunny till about 7.30.
?  why aren't I at Bristol #fowa
putting off learning about the NHS 
@JasonBradbury send us some sun... just cloud up here in Sheffield 
@akwai tmr  i'm in Aberdeen now
Warrington is cloudy and much cooler today! 
I wish Tesco sold lucky charms 
Is tired and sick of everything. Oxford is calling but not until tomorrow 
@reluctor I have indeed, I have to say the weather has changed up here. I am wondering if that was it for the Geordie summer 
@EviLovesMcFly aww  fly over to Scotland and you can come with me to see it haha!
is absolutely gutted everyone has gone  but show went well AND I should be back in Shetland in 3 weeks!!!!    
Hazel Blears resigns from cabinet! They are starting to topple like dominoes now. I'm not saying the new lot will be any better though. 
Awwww, but Hazel Blears was so visually funny! 
@meredithcarson i quite like bespoke 
Just about to set off for Leeds.. The joys of the Leeds Etap Hotel await 
Severus was too good to be true, for a multitude of reasons! 
@hideyourarms i really really wanna go but i live in Bristol so at short notice with child care etc i don;t think i can, bummed 
The sun has disappeared behind the clouds in Exeter 
.@nessie_111 On it's way Nessie. Much cooler here in Berks and heading your way, though no rain yet - I may still need to water the lawn 
County sold out  managed to get Matt to get me a Lonsdale one...just hoping I can get a Pendle one now.
@xbllygbsnii awwh ;). i love the film! always makes me cry when Jack dies  lol :$. Southampton - at the dock where it set off :$
@pollyjean_s awww no! thats horrible! and in Cathays! Cardiff is like the safest place ever  hope you're okay!! x
@mileycyrus well you ever be coming to Scotland?  i'd sit at my computer forever just to get a ticket !
@hazmattmum no this is the CPE exemption, I am already a FILEX, LPC at Guildford if I pass the four 
@edsaint Quorn rocks my world... wish it were vegan 
Oh no. Angry colleague from Wales HQ on the phone just now.  hoping latest copy of living etc will make it a better.
went into a Fopp and the place just looks like a HMV now.  I like HMV but i like variety more 
@Rushy33 agreed. 199 max would have been better, hey ho 
Would rather be ensconsed in a pub watching the Lions match 
Just finished teaching my last lessons of the year at BAA.  But that much closer to the pines!!
Aww i'm dead emotional after watching that leavers dvd  i dont want to leave 
@iamlittleboots AND it's raining in Surrey! Hmmph 
I am sooooooo not wanting to be awake right now. Bleary and weary 
Oh dear, you're not enjoying your trip to Scarborough at all are you @jaychannel4 
@FrankieTheSats Frankie i hope you get this been trying to send you these all day  did  you enjoy Dundee use rocked !
Is not looking forward to driving to Yorkshire in this rain 
@nannyf was it junction 12 drove all way from Selkirk and traffic was fine till got to Glasgow!! 
@RealBillBailey Of all the days you could be in Glasgow on your summer tour, you're there when I'm dancing at the military tattoo 
@Bridgehouse3 LOL i do but i need more than 120 characters sigh 
@theaardvark @nickbrickett It's not chavs per se. It's small-minded, parochial Lichfield. Over 300 is horrific 
Matalan &amp; Kingston failed me! All I came back with was a necklace. I do regret not buying those gladiator sandals though  xo
@Tripdash Nope, rain in the Shire of York as well 
@sarabedford and BNaziP have apparently gained Coalville in Leicestershire from Labour. 
@Leahstaplehurst Ive never done Reading  Normally do Guilfest but cant make it for first time in 7 years.......
@rubybluedaisy LOL I've been here a while now. How are you? Weathers turning grey on way to Swindon. 
R @Jo_Brighton could not find that one on spotify 
wow.. so many quests in Fens of Nathsar.. but xp going so slow now  #eq2
hates that he had to babysit for a while and missed the last bus to Carlisle until 11-ish and will now most likely miss the Smiths fest! 
@tyrelassie That is indeed a minor flaw in my ASDA avoidance plan 
@kellylanza haha bbm meee i got a new phone  pin:31A3BAA9
been to Royal Cornwall today, was very good but knackering..would go again tomorrow but work calls  out on the piss tomorrow!!!!
It's monsooning down with rain here in Nottingham 
Hertfordshire has no new green councillors and sadly the BNP got its first councillor in Herts 
really misses krispy kreme doughnuts  I'd have to go all the way to Oxford to get some!
doesn't want to pay rent anymore... I'd rather buy Robins's Jeans! or some white Trues 
what we have now with mandy and DBIS may be bad - but imagine what it might be like in may 2010 if Cons get in 
Shame on Burnley, Lancashire. How could you? 
I'm no longer in my Castle  I'm back in Hartlepool for summer.
Mentally prepared for long weekend...Frenzy, Angus', and the stocktake at Homebase...gonna be so drained for psychology exam 
was with adam j. today...yesturday was so SHOCKING! with Ian now 
Good job I'm not a gay black immigrant with an ASBO, I'd be hounded out of Doncaster in a shot thanks to our towns voting cock-up 
No thunder here in Lichfield in the end! Really must go to bed tho, tired and have a day of tidying tomorrow 
So many bums here.. I wish I had more money to get Devon these amazing shoes! 
lovely sunny day in Fife today; shame i am working 
have to work tomor 
@Glebe2037 won't have enough time  another day
@1roxstar don't worry. Pickles got sand booted in his face last week! It happens 
Off to Tesco and it's p'ing it down 
Not pleased with the early morning and rain  booooo! Wales tonight! Crazy! x
Another rainy day in Ol' Blighty   Going to have a flutter on the Epsom Derby, any tips?
Up and ready to head to Glasgow to clear out my room I lived in for the last 9 months 
@sara_morgan Aw no..the dreaded rain!! We live in Scotland so imsyre we will get it soon enough too!! 
Should be sleeping. But instead en route to Brighton to watch suit-fittings..... and I have a food baby 
Oh great.. Rain!!.... Just what i need for my Bristol-Exmouth ride!! 
work this morning then i am off to Basingstoke to find something to wear on saturday...not a bad start to the weekend..then college work 
@4_idiots raining in the midlands too  
@benjibrum I can haz umbrella, but I am already damp from going to Asda  I'll come and sing at you another time 
Goodwood training last might, thought I was 10 years younger, now it hurts 
We are at Stocksbridge school selling ice cream tubs  ...,, in the rain 
@dalesman47 That's a shame  It's the Bradford Mela next weekend so hope the weather isn't like this.
Vauxhall suck, took car in for a service at 8am, supposed to take an hour and a half and still waiting 
F1,Derby day(Epsom),Blake on tv-polo-not sure time,Beethoven...will try get on for an hour at 6pm(Weather depending).the sky looks angry 
@nickybyrneoffic Wales is having a wash too 
@lesley007 probably not till late next year now. It's a lengthy process.  can't wait to get to Hendon. Gimme my cuffs, gimme my spray lol
[BradfordTweets] @dalesman47 That's a shame  It's the Bradford Mela next weekend so hope the w.. http://bit.ly/y0Nth
Little bit shaky after late @curiouswines tasting last night. The pints of Beamish afterwards were a great idea at the time 
@nickybyrneoffic west midlands, and it is raining 
winter.... was too much for me  9 degrees  - and I forsook Stretton for Tescos. Sellout.
@mrsemdle Cool. We only went to Wales and France when I was at school. Oh, and Minehead. 
@Sazchik sorry I don't know Telford very well 
On train to Cambridge w @t_a_i for the weekend. O2 connectivity is rubbish. 3 is better but  didn't top up my mobile broadband. Sor jai! 
The weather here in sunny Glasgow is pure wet 
@eatlikeagirl Your breakfast puts my Dorset spelt meusili to shame. 
@C_J_Hanbury I fancy a big fried breakfast as well but I only have milk and rice krispies. I guess I'll have to go the healthy route 
@JudyObscure Unfortunately not as they're on their hols.  If its the same in Bristol they will be quivering in kennels 
Ive been ditched  @strontiumfox is will gong his way down to Glasgow for teh weekend  hayles for rent!
....Not available for the ceilidh however, soz @dizzyunplugged, cannot muster enthusiasjm 
is pissed off she's not going 2 the Isle of Wight 
is pissed off she's not going 2 the Isle of Wight  lol
@pixiesongs  i loved you in Dundee  I want you to come back !. You rocked we loved you.
having to drive to Bath just as coverage of lions starts  #lions
@kevin_hoare Aww well thats lovely then  Wish I had my old house in Emsworth back 
@alliology We definitely missed you. The boys just looked at me funny when I melted off the couch at the Scottish accents 
@StephenMulhern YES! I came to the Brighton Centre last year to watch.. but you're not going back there this year! 
It better stop raining when I go to visit Lizzie at work ;o I don't want to walk to Asda in the rain 
@Tyrone17 GCSE's they are exam that you take in england 
It would turn nicer later in the day, would it not? I'm too late for Kelvingrove 
@ShystieUK @RichieRanx lolololl ooooooo and Cadbury's creame eggs WERE my favourite aswell!! 
Just walked past the empty Zavvi shop in Derby..really miss Zavvi 
Marketing done, now off to Scarborough to fix toilets 
It is raining in Bury...again!!!!  The summer cannot be over already 
Humph  I have come home from Dayvie's as I don't like being in other people's houses when I don't feel well. How annoying, stupid body.
Saunton Sands here I come. Suspect the run section of this race will be almost as wet as the swim 
I miss my guitar jamming buddy... my Uncle...but he went to Scotland for a wedding!  come back please!!!!
My Thetford boy isn't even here and the others aren't talking to us 
@KentUnion Whatsmore I dont have the money to buy it and this is my last year at Kent  I really would like to go...
@bubble_gum_xox Leith  LOL!
@starlight_30 aaaah!! no I haven't got it yet, need to go to York or Leeds seeing as my little town doesn't wanna stock it anywhere 
Gutted that The Swan has closed down in Leeds. Moreso cos I'm thirsty and outside it 
arhhhhhh &quot;she&quot; is back.. makes me think to Toyah but far from ... 
Listen to @jiminthemorning  http://bit.ly/VpWAJ trying to play as many Scottish tunes as he can!  No Proclaimers yet 
Just turned up to the Aberdeen beer festival.... Unbelievable!  http://twitpic.com/6r9hn
@Space_Jockey weather not to good Ewan, cloudy 
i'm back in um, rainy ...Swindon  I miss Newquay already. Trying to sort out my new bedroom furniture before some much needed sleep x
Is thinking how bad the weather is in Exeter right now  still had a great day tho :p glad last night was dry! :p bring on clubbing 2night!
thinking how bad the weather is in Exeter right now  still had a great day tho :p glad last night was dry! :p bring on clubbing 2night!
wahaha.. ONE week no Stagecoach  I love to act ; dance and sing.
@kendalbeatty What's wrong Kendal? 
Fucking bored at home at the moment, Coventry sucks balls 
@tannwick I had a fear of them as a child but I've grown out of it, we had a scooby doo moment in Cleethorpes when I was about six 
@Oxford1039 cuz my doggie just got given away  it's for the best though. boo 
@kirk_smith I know what you mean 
@KirstyHilton Since when was Notts that far away? Probs will end up getting that if I go, but I hate trains. Espesh if I'm on my own 
is sad that im leaving Hulme in a week 
was wholly unimpressed with the wedding weather in Shrewsbury today. Home in 3 hours tho', but more rain for tomorrow's wedding 
Bath time for baby. Isn't my neice precious!!! I will miss her when I leave  http://mypict.me/2Qcz
I'm bleeding and Careys gone  But I'm watching anime so yay  plus i have mints :3
@Ipswich772 Aww but I liked it, and was just playing it.. 
is sad she is leaving Scotland in 2 days 
@Ipswich772 cheeky bugger LOL!  But nope...it's Kidney stones  *cries* (it'd prob be less painful if it was an STI though)
@mileycyrus sosososososoooo many fans in Scotland but no concert here or close  please come xxx
can't believe I lost my purse on the way home from Tamworth, so upset, time to cancel all my cards 
@Isle_Esme12 are u bnned 2??? im so mad becuz of wat their doing on the forums! 
@Norbridge I have 50+ pieces of Florilla....I think it's just lovely! Though, to date, it's not a big seller 
@michaelaranda Id love too...I am in Scotland however and this may propose a slight issue with the consumption of said sandwich. sorry 
waking up in Newtown felt right......now back to the hills  .... thank the Lord for the curtiscy bus
is gutted the power went out in Widnes and put a dampner on the wedding 
Oh noes! The pre twitter client Tweed does the stupid brightkite location link thing. But hides it in a tinyurl  http://tinyurl.com/pqzkw3
my best friend might be moving to Scotland on wed intsead of dec!! 
@kenarmstrong1 He didn't  All we had was Lidl wine and Lidl nibbles and I heard he's a bit of a diva so I didn't ask...
I rarely read the Hartlepool Mail. First headline I see is &quot;Toilet seat stuck on head&quot;. Faith restored in Hartlepool's population 
Why do I have to look like a TEENAGER today??! 
Camden Rocked but not happy about leaving already. Bus back to Vauxhall time 
Just had to get off nightbus &amp; walk 20 mins back to Balham, something had happened in bloody Clapham and the police wouldn't let us past. 
Bath was successful no crying, but Gavin cried about going to bed  he never does that
@maddoxhardcore I did that once with a rental in Twickenham, having left it parked near the Thames. Sorry to hear that my dear. 
Woken by sky splitting thunder. Heavy showers are forecast, I don't think the planned walk in the Chilterns will happen now 
@anastasiav the author of Pendragon, hot mannequins waving at me, and two ugly burly dudes in the food court  only saw aftermath though 
@nicolerichie your jewelery line house of Harlow is beautiful, but I can't order any rings because I am a size 4   =/
I am homesick from Devon.. 
Off to Ilkeston show today - not much luck with the weather again!!!!!! 
@paulmccourt dunno what sky you're looking at! loads of clouds &amp; brisk wind in Greenisland 
Playoff final vs Brentford, energy drink finished 
is getting ready to go home. It's #raining in #Norwich... 
@travel_buzz CityExtra, Circular Quay, open 24hr, excellent stuffed mushrooms and coffee, outdoor heating but no vending beds ... 
4AM &amp; Grant has a fever. We think its from a recent chicken pox vaccination. He's miserable &amp; I'm reading up on the Cairngorm framework 
Had wicked weekend mastodon Friday at Sheffield  strawberry fare last night drive home to day from Cambridge not looking forward to it 
lady coming over this morning who is making a film about Whiteknights trail. V.nervous. Rubbish at interviews in front of a camera 
Officially now raining in Shawbury  Tent packed up again  No gogo argument so far this morning though 
I think a bike ride is on the cards today, maybe to Hampstead Heath. Is this soup really going to take 3hrs to cook!?  must be patient.
The Robins have learned to fly! They're still returning but they're likely to be leaving soon.  Hopefully the mother will reuse the nest.
Ugh, stupid Cadbury techno eyebrow song is looping in my head. 
a raining day in my last day in Coventry 
Sitting in house in Cambridge looking at the the rain pouring down  No fair kids &amp; I restless. Whats happened to the sun!!!???
ach micheal mcintyre tickets are sold out for the SECC 
Off to Yorkshire to visit the boys can't wait for the joy that is national express east coast 
@butterflykate I just watched the final ep of Castle for the year   Now all my shows are in hiatus  24,Fringe,Castle
On our way to Devon. Forecast says rain all week.  
@alittlebit Stayed at a campsite in Braithwate just outside of Keswick. Turns out I need new waterproofs though 
@Syke420 I'm an insomniac. I swear I never sleep, dude. Not good. 
As if the rain isn't depressing enough, I'm doing my finances for the month  Tesco get too much of my money!
@meaghanellenxo cause that's like ages  I do not want to go to Gaol 
Crappy day  Derriford sucks.
@festivalannual Isle of Wight too, if they finally send those damn tickets! no news for 3 weeks 
@nextread A bit colourless for my tastes, sorry Gav. 
Waiting to board train... They are playing musical platforms at Norwich station 
2 hour long Welsh GCSE exam tomorrow!! Dreading it   Rydw i'n dwp iawn
Another day of mindnumbing dullness as nobody has any money and consequently can't do anything. I'm missing GLC in Keighley too 
@Schofe And please tell Mr Moyles the RedButton was my idea. Well, after the BBC's, I guess. Moyles neva replies  &amp; I once lived in Leeds
Dearie McDearster, have you read the last Pendragon book?? Its been out forever and I keep forgetting to buy it. 
at my grans bout to go out shopping 
@kels450 Seriously? That's so unfair. I want your sunshine! *g* Scotland have just started their innings but have lost a wicket already 
Stuck in bloody traffic 11 miles outside Chichester - this is a bit dull, to say the flaming least... 
@djannalyze wish I was heading to Glasgow - but the tickets were sold out by the time I got everyone organized  other people suck!!
Has wet feet from monsoon Nottingham 
for value for money we would vote Dairyland (or world)  in Newquay.  Some places very expensive though 
@MikeyPalmer  Raining and cold here in Pewsey - might have to light the fire - hate being cold  
@St4tus i lost it today 
@thescript Gutted i'm not going to Take That gig in Coventry, if i'd av known u were gonna b there i wud av got tickets 
I really miss Essex  I loved spending my summers sitting on Leigh seafront laughing at the skaters trying to do tricks and falling off.
@james__buckley Was you and the other lads at Carnival at Northumbria Uni the other day? Apparently you were meant to, but I didn't go 
Tough ride today. Just over 5hrs. Covered all the big climbs in Surrey. Last 10 miles hurt!  anyhoo I'm ready. Wales next week...
@Thorney88 Awww that's rough!  
did the bike ride! in the windy, rainy depths of Norfolk. Legs hurty 
Called Virgin apparently it's an issue in Halifax, Huddersfield and area - will be fixed by tomorrow at lunch. I'm loss and abandonment.. 
@mileycyrus please please come to Scotland! 
is so jealous that Milton Keynes had @NathanFillion. I've lived in Bedford for 10years. I move to Cardiff and you get the best visitor. 
Just realised that @peterfacinelli tweets - Yay! Liked his performance as Carlisle! Unfortunately I never saw Fastlane on TV in Germany 
@ForeverFierce i havent heard the Guisborough accent!  , i hope to hear it some day! lol
@verity_lola Well I'm from Kent, live in Sussex, but support Durham LOL.  I don't have Sky Sports tho so never get to watch it 
@sian82 I know almost makes me ashamed to be from there. They may get more in Yorkshire 
@robwatkins that would mean leaving Croydon 
thinks it is awful about the murdered pregnant women today in Grimsby  x x x
@GoddessSammy live in Warwickshire spent day in Leamington with friends, revision &amp; college on my b'day   and Take That concert on Tues!
bnp ahead of lib dems and greens in Wakefield 
#kies09 Congrats Yorkshire and Humber. Your region is now represented by a fascist in the E.P. BNP gets 1 of the 6 seats! 
@trimmtrab It's not like I'm advocating dropping bombs on Wakefield or wherever. 
I've only just noticed that Fleetwood Mac are playing in Glasgow in October, but it's already sold out.  
BNP have a seat in York+Humber   
FUCK! Nazis get in in Leeds, be ashamed of yrselves 
My lovely Yorkshire &amp; Humber, what have you done?  #eu09
Yorkshire uber alles   #eu09
http://twitpic.com/6v419 - Southlands 
@MariaNmia u came to Harrow and didn't drop round? 
@JaneWiedlin oh Geordie, I love him so!!  Wish I was there with you guys.  
@johnhalton you are correct, so many small villages full of fascists I escaped one. It is embarrasing to be part of Yorkshire sometimes 
@mcj66 it's mortifyingly embarassing tho not shocking. Yorkshire folk doing nothing to disprove stereotypes of narrowminded bigotry 
Torries in wales?! Disgusted 
Wish I could be in Battersea right now to give George a cuddle 
Maybe we should boycott Yorkshire until they get a clue.  Oh bugger that means no more Yorkshire Tea 
@B_Bex wud love to apply for job but would prob spend all day getting there n bk plus have no money as all spent on petrol was mn wage 
@Royal_3 I have a headache too.   I've been working on blog stuff all day. my head is going to explode.
Oh God. I'm actually ashamed to be from Yorkshire and the Humber, even if I don't live there now. All I can say is &quot;sorry Europe&quot;. 
@robotnic Haha no i'm from Bournemouth, right down south! No we haven't been announced either 
I want my yorkshire back 
Its disgusting that only 29% of those registered to vote in Scotland did. 
Feeling ashamed to be in Yorkshire. 
@RickyTicky well im working a lot in Loughborough, so I get to stay here and party (probably with myself cos no-one else is here  )
NI results tomorrow. Good luck @StevenAgnew and Ian Parsley,  we could do without sending more bigotted numpties to Strasbourg 
@katyperry was gutted you couldn't make it to the Leeds summerball, you were the main reason i bought my ticket! 
I wish I was on the moors, inside of their castle on Peninstone Crags. 
@samedog have just driven to K&amp;D Cambridge for stuff could just see mountain - not one snowflake 
@BellaKavner98 Cherries are yummy. But, I dont like the core. 
@KirinKouki wasn't working for me; i was trying to get back to the Nether's blogcast and couldnt chat. 
@DonnieWahlberg YEP!!  I c u!!  I'm missing the Celts play 
@NolaHeather and why not... You made me get mine..... Humph 
@chrismdp the other tip is don't get the big one from Weymouth, wait 5 more mins and get the newer siemens one. I used to do that trip 
@mediocre_mum quite tired, went to Wales for the weeknd to see my Grandad in hospital, lots of driving and didn't get back til late  x
@nickybyrneoffic its grey and cold here  in Eastbourne   Send some sunshine over!!
Harpenden again 
@Bladon92 haha yeahhh but I just realized that I missed jonas 
bsck in the office after an ace weekend riding Welsh trail centres 
@ukroxer Fletching sun  You still coming up?
I search &quot;maths&quot; on my local paper website @Nottingham_News &amp; get: http://tinyurl.com/my2wfa - just a horrible piece 
Wentworth 1 lost against Otamatea 
Is in Huddersfield suffering with astma afta sleeping on fethow pillows 
relaxing! doing NO degree work! watching TV - wow, i'm finally a student and I'm leaving Loughborough 2moro! 
amazing weekend!!camping/body boarding in Cornwall with good friends and fiancee, and tan to show..night alone tonight 
You know things are bad when even John Shuttleworth's Yorkshire tea ads don't help 
@aherne148 oh nooo  bright n sunny in Pembs;)
Bloody Welsh weather. Getting cloudy now, typical! 
'OMG Damo quick, it's Concorde!' (turns out no, not Concorde but Vulcan) smaller apparently,  not much of a plane expert!
back from a long weekend in Coventry, relaxing,drinking and chillin  - to find a water leak and the kitchen soaked 
Sat in Starbucks near Victoria. Getting bus back to Notts in 50 minutes 
Camping in Cornwall but its starting to rain 
ive given up on my dream to go manchester! Lampeter here i come 
@Spannaa Wasnt allowed to the pub 
Just heard back from the Battersea dogs home and unfortunately they say he needs a large home with a garden. 
@createabadge lol now i'm jealous, I've got a Tesco sandwich  and resisted buying anything nice in a chocolate/sweet way
@gazzj27 Gareth you suck and until you recognise the true greatness of fishfinger sandwiches you always will. I pity you 
is actual soaking. Edinburgh better be dry 
Hoping that #Sheffield doesn't see any flooding today, left the house with t-shirt and shades on 
@rowanNS just by my old Chem dept near Euston. I was only 1m away! awesome. I saw a barn owl yesterday...stuffed in a jeweller's window 
yehhhhh the return of ISIHAC ....will miss Humph though 
@EastRidingNews Hey! im in Beverley at the moment ....... (at school 
Couldn't find my paper counterpart to my driving license, which I need a few days after my return from Edinburgh 
@chuckhester I'll be @ Oxford then so I can't come 
I want to go back to Swansea 
In dissertation hell in the library - Thunderstorm in Leicester 
@Treagus i want sun and a book 
wish I was back in Edinburgh 
being miserable due to being back at work and not on the beach in Newquay 
@darrenhayes you should get yourself up to north Scotland - definately not too hot here   think it's gonna rain soon too, not impressed
@timmysoft I will make sure I do..shame the show's in Leicester and you can't come along and say hey yourself 
@lilyroseallen My worst nightmare, stuck on a plane with screaming children  Eurostar isn't too bad for it so I take that when possible
@Thorney88 I tried but couldn't find his hotel 
Seems to be lots of agreement on the festival forums about overly chavy behavior at Isle of Wight - wasn't nice to see tents smashed 
Kieran Govers injured and had to stop playing  SO SAD!!
@joiningdots Jun 25 in Ipswich: &quot;Our funding restricts us from allocating places to people outside Essex &amp; Suffolk&quot; 
@Kendal_  Aww  I always hated going to the dentist. I hope you feel better soon. &lt;3
Drunk a lot of Lucozade Orange today and now my teeth hurt.... owwww. 
this gearhead on my bus eating ribs from Tesco is making me want to puke  it's like he's never eaten 
@njsykora No Humph, though  I miss him. He made that show what it was 
At the Picturehouse for a Cambridge Film Trust meeting. Not seeing any films 
Why do Fiat's always breakdown in the rain? In Lisburn with dead barchetta 
No trains between Birmingham and Wolverhampton due to a fatality. 
Scotland rain! Dreadful 
aww, man! I just realized the Moaning Myrtles were in Birmingham yesterday. I so could have gone! 
@Dannymcfly my 3 friends went to see you at IOW but their tent got destroyed and all their money stolen and had to go home, awful people! 
don't feel well.  UCAS website is giving me a headache....
@mcflyharry my 3 friends went to see you at IOW but their tent got destroyed and all their money stolen and had to go home, awful people! 
@dougiemcfly my 3friends went to see you at IOW but their tent got destroyed and all their money stolen and had to go home, awful people! 
@suziperry  2 votes from me. Pc yesterday laptop today although Isle of wight this week  
i want this stormmm.. but noooo it has to go right past Hanslope 
@BrownTowers Derren Brown #Enigma London i live far away and only got to see Derren live for the 1st time this yr...  plz feel sorry 4 me!
not as good without Humph 
Is in Leeds for a meeting &amp; is gonna miss snuggling tonight 
desperate househunters! 
Someone from first Archery group at the Scottish Jamborette just added me on facebook...making me suddenly miss Scotland even more. 
Someone from first Archery group I was part of at the Scottish Jamborette just added me on facebook...am missing Scotland even more now. 
is home from Lanzarote...back to this shite weather, hows ya luck 
@rideworthwhile That'll be why i couldn't find him in the Eastbourne draw then, lol! Why would he pick there over Eastbourne? 
@MissSlyFox I'm in Sheffield tomorrow evening  Enjoy Leeds!
I'm sorry I haven't a clue was funny, but I still miss Humph 
I still need a light color RBL scalp. I'm getting desperate. I don't wanna buy the cool cat ones, cause they said it's too big for rbl... 
am now waiting for daughters to return from Jonas Bros concert @ Wembley - probably last train back to Worthing 
wtf ! mcfly werent on the IOW awk jeeeez 
dammit, wish i could have Liam Hemsworth spot in movie 
@sjvalentine85 sadly not when i'm there. got there at about 4:30 after a fruitless trip to Warrington and there was no you 
@Podpodley I love thunderstorm. But we tend to get one every five years in Blackpool or they last two mins. 
Oh ginger. Why do you have to leave your food out in the rain?  ~St. Elsewhere
@KateEdwards they hurt don't though? There's a huge turnover at the Paddington store. It can make or break a lunch 
is The Centrepoint has no more vouchers for redemption!  http://plurk.com/p/1177aj
At the @AEinternational office brainstorming with T Ashhurst about various things ... then off to uni later - exam tomorrow, not excited 
@zebrafinch I have been feeling better off abx for 2wks but went out 2x for birthday had fun but I think I'm starting to feel Lyme again 
Why does the ArchaeoBox website have nothing about Caithness, Scotland??? Medieval castles and neolithic homes not interesting? 
@brypie i probably should before i end up in bits in a holdall. i only get them once a fortnight but when they do there creepy like that 
@belindaaaa if their hustlin show is at the Syke then yeah 
Shard of glass in my foot  ouchhh
good morning , hope all are well ? grim grey morning in the sky blue city  1st meeting in Birmingham, then train to Leeds today 
On a train form Glasgow to Burnley . . . 
What a rubbish nights sleep  Lucozade and adrenaline needed! Cardiff today though...woo!
good morning! having my breackfast while Jools still sleeps. It looks like it'll rain all day 
@JimBeamFans still no red stag 2 b found 
Wondering when Upwey station will ever get toilets ... it's a bloody long train trip from the city when you *really* have to go! 
Anyone in Ascot wanna come entertain me in opticians? Apparently we aren't testing this week and have to stay in rather than in the sun! 
@OCBreakfastShow keep up the good work..... Luton to Aldershot not fun after 12 hr Night Shift 
It's freeeeeezing, I want to go and join mum and Soodle in Scotland  plz 
Sunbathing on A4 Keynsham. Bypass as traffic solid the whole way 
work @ telegraph (Tesco) 9.30 til 3 then Currys 4 - 7  kill me.
On the bus heading from Luton airport to High Wycombe 
Wish I'd taken the opportunity to go to Ascot now 
@espenao howcome my Home(Unite) is &quot;Not running&quot; what so ever 
Reality kicks in part 1 for baggies - being drawn in cc 1st round - part 2 out tomorrow when we start season away at Blackpool 
Sitting in Waterloo stn, lots of morning suits, top hats, flowery hats and summer dresses. Ascot week is on . I'm not going 
Traveling this early reminds me of being in Oxford 
back in Bath, driving down this morning made for a 5am start to my day 
Aagh! It's Royal Ascot week and the train to Staines is packed. 
Should be up at public inquiry into planning approval for Saisnbury store in Nairn - unfortunately won't be possible - health issues 
is going to Guildford and then Woking in a bit just to finish my prom shopping, and I've probably spent too much anyway! 
@mehulved Unite doesnt start for me in office.. no open ports 
@mfhorne must be nice to have a day off lol oh im glad you lot down there get nice weather its raining in Edinburgh 
How unfair is this http://tinyurl.com/kp65yp ?   NHS will help the english with the costs involved but not the welsh!
@VisitBritain I would but it's raining 
@Lazalot I live in Southampton but work on the Isle of Wight - not a bloomin' drop as yet!  My poor lawn! ;) Where are you based?
Edinburgh plans have been put on hold til next year thanks to me being skint 
@__0_0__ thanks... I know you would. sorry for letting you down about Scotland all the time though 
mmmm homemade potato and leek soup...! but wishes she was at the Merivale launch 
Off to work. Finish at ten.  cackin weather here in Scotland's number two city
#applertc Worcestershire County Council also blocks Twitter... shame 
And now.... off to Cornwall for the rest of the week - unfortunately don't think I'll get to see much of the lovely Kernow due to work 
@misterwallace Tickets gone for reading in Islington, I got last one &amp; had to give it to my friend as she loves you even more than I do! 
@ i think you're going to be in Edinburgh allllllll week so you should just come over here and hang with us for oneeeee night 
@custom_misery i think you're going to be in Edinburgh alllllll week so you should just come over here and hang with us for oneeeee night 
@JustJackmusic amazing show in Glasgow, right at the front, was gutted when you wouldn't play heartburn though 
So off to Tesco instead to be treated as an inconvenience. 
Wishing I was in the pub preparing to watch the Lions... 
@_Bootsie_ If only I was in Holborn / Farringdon area now!  *sighs*
@Georgina_Milne But I can't help it 
@xhorrorkittenx She actually just did a spot in Leeds 
Getting ready to head to Killie to see Jordan and the gang then Glasgow at the early hours  going to be in at half 7 to que outside HMV
@Selth It's just a little one in Nottingham on UKFurs' regional forums. 
right off to the pub to watch the second half. Royal Porthcawl tomorrow, I bet it'll be raining old women and sticks 
Royal Mail wouldn't deliver a letter to me due to underpaid postage 
Royal Mail have delivered my new watch, but unfortunately not to me  have to wait a few days for proof of delivery to show up online. 
such a sunny day... sham i'm having to waste it because of BTEC   saw my biggest brother 2day for bout 20 mins. well best get to work.
@LauraLee_ODT @Liverpool_TX the pics that I could see were awesome...I have to wait to get home to see the others.  
Some rail works mean slooooow speed between Doncaster &amp; York. Fear this equals missed connection in Darlo, &amp; my bed even further away 
I forgot that I'd bought a Wispa this morning &amp; left my blazer beside a window and now it's all melted 
@thatlass near Doncaster, but no one likes to admit that after local child abuse expose and local elections 
Snatching back the lappy from my workaholic daughter - thought she might still be in holiday mode - she'll be going back to Leeds shortly 
wants to go see Malefice tonight in Oxford... but not alone  I'll drive if n e 1 will come with me? GodForbid + DevilDriver too! x
Royal ascot has been good except claire - you can't wear red and pink together it doesn't work 
Some kind of mac technology event was going on in Luton today. Why was I in the dark about this 
Processing images from circular walk to Frant, meant to go all the way to Eridge Green but foolishly had pint halfway and not enough time 
@thismodernpanda I'm getting into Euston 
RAGE http://bit.ly/LKzUv I want mine NAO. I'm going to be uber pissed if @j_doss gets his early and I have to wait in line. 
@hackneye Marvellous stuff that. Only seen it in 1 pub in Bristol and it was off  but we do have Bath Ales Gem which is a belter
Aww bless, that woman who died from swine flu in Scotland's baby died 
What broadband speed do you get? Leighton, Crewe gives us 1.5 Mbps 
is back from Newquay  - BUT, the new iPhone software is out tomorrow :-D
Dougal is not eating 
is back in Bristol and is all alone 
back from Ascot, no richer unfortunately 
@xyzrie just finished recording it,like a month ago,mega upset,Callum is my favorite 
@Isle_Esme12 you had 2 hav braces  twice?? that sux! but i hav braces rite now 
@DontBeASkeptik aww Govan what's wrong? 
@NineBlackAlps where's the Norwich date!!?? 
@DonnieWahlberg please give the Scottish girls a shout,we are home now and havin a post NK slump  thank you for more amazing memories x
@felixcartal you should defo visit Perth on your way to Dundee. it's the best. Actually don't it's a bad place. 
Being bored to death by the Colin Firth version of Pride and Prejudice, such a disappointment 
I miss you, Isle of Wight  I Love Wight 4eva
miss Huddersfield so much 
@Isle_Esme12 hahaha no my heart actually just broke right now bc anoop had my tweet faved and today it is unfaved. 
Hugely disappointed I'm not getting to meet the great Genesis P-Orridge at Throbbing Gristle Glasgow gig tonight 
Gareth's back to work today 
Waiting in a queue at Scrabster for the Orkney ferry. Drizzle and gloomy, heavier rain forecast for later   http://bit.ly/PdMB7
What a difference a day makes - wet and windy here -no Skomer boats today 
*Get ready for running around Leeds like a headless chicken this morning.* 
No Ibiza tickets for my birthday  But off to Royal Ascot on Friday
@B_St me too 
Summer in #Glagow, #Scotland - lots of rain, front lawn (finally) growing like crazy, so much rain lawn never dry enough to cut properly 
@Royal_Flyness I didn't know! I should have asked, huh? 
is already missing Glastonbury 
Has skipped out of Weightwatchers today, really just couldnt b assed &amp; that rain has just tipped me over the edge 
I think today may be a complete waste of make up and hair product.  Miserable day in Glasgow 
Brighton is not as sunny as Eastbourne today. Darn 
@TheMattEvers Thanks 4 fotos!Amazing view!Unfortunately dont hav views like that in good old Belfast!  Brecken is so cute and chilled out
SuperCaretaker John Pemberton has left Nottingham Forest 
Throat hurts  body hurts  spending the day in Lytham weeding a hedge in the rain 
@Wossy It's pissing down up here in Glasgow! 
Not liking the coffee I bought in Sainsburys! 
In college without a UCAS buzzword. 
@rageaccount  pub will make it all better.
Is it just me, or the Royal Mail's pricing of size vs weight is just completely silly? I can never figure out which stamps I need now 
http://twitpic.com/7lzis - Another missed headline from the Cov Telegraph. This time it's a Belgrade show though 
@seema165 a rather uninspiring solo drinking mission around Leeds 
is coming home for the summer in 3 weeks. Really wish QMU was in norwich 
Racist scumbags on the rampage in Belfast  http://bit.ly/JgzC4
Just about to leave for Oswestry and second Operation, not looking forward to ti this time 
Now up in Dundee workin in the rain  god I love my job ! ! !
So, 1st match of the season is a local derby... Colchester just is not as appetising as Ipswich 
@iSylvan I just need any screwdriver, when I moved out of Bristol my decent shiny magnetic one went into storage, now I'm left without 
packing up the house  what a cracking two years we have had, going to miss Bath so much
It's been raining in Scotland all day 
might treat myself to a big baguette of some sort from Tesco for lunch. feeling low 
@hullkr_online thought I'd got a pass out from the misses, seems that it's been revoked  have to go to Norwich for athletics 
@jbevershed Alec got caught up in some kind of bee related disaster, delaying us leaving for Edinburgh 
@its_sb sounds cool! I'm in Devon tho unless youre talking online 
@ODarling waiting for bowser! i'm between newbury and andover 
Raining like a beast in Glasgow .. Delighted 
@hatmandu: IOW, sorry for wasting your time like the most clueless of clueless lusers. 
@thedondogs Rotherham 
@Amy_242 Coatbridge and North Glasgow.  Glasgow Uni want 2 A's and a B. Highly unlikely ha!  xxx
@alphavictor well the rain too  it's getting so late I don't think we can go to Edinburgh now 
@evil_cackle You can listen online ;) I'm gonna be in Cardiff for the first one 
The Proclaimers are playing in Shetland on August 29th. Why does all the good stuff happen up there when I'm not around? 
@stubbonomics wet in Sheffield too  last msg was meant to be @tcoulthard Re: midge gites (got quite a few myself at Burbage N last night)
fail of the year - not booking Glasto ticket, so I could afford Tobago air fare. Then splitting up with bloke I was going to Tobago with. 
Getting ready to see the girlfriend in Coventry woop woop cant wait, its gonna be a long bus journey though 
@kimberlystmarys Ah don't you miss the Dunoon rain? A poly bag and sellotape did the trick. Think Chrissie might have swine flu 
Cock, Anglians surveyor didn't send in the correct measurements, so no windows for the foreseeable future. 
@wellbalancedpup Not in this room - one transferred with owner back to Harefield, one left and one's on maternity with 'mum'. 
It has rained here (Ballater, Aberdeenshire) for about 5 days now. Not so nice. 
@deepee27 ......yea, went to Rhyl but got rained off 
looking at @songkick and wondering what I can do to improve Leicester related pages. Wish it was easier to merge venues 
@Syke360 I want free stuff!! 
cloudy and windy in Oxfordshire today.... no buzzards..... booooo 
off to work in five minutes..head is thumping  and its raining, oh the joys of living in Scotland!
Awrite guys not been a nice day in Scotland the day  played a wee game of 5 aside football we got beat 
@CHRISDJMOYLES I'm in Slough 
@CathysMum defo is as I like it!! It comes with being in Cambridge lol. Home tonight then it'll be bb 
@St3phLuva take me with you  lol
@alextrafford Just realized I'm in Cornwall 
Mam humiliated by public search of bags after Debenhams left tags on garments. Can easily happen but they were very rude &amp; she's upset 
I miss Bermuda and my cruise   http://yfrog.com/5fp0qj
I have no email at the moment due to a problem in Alderney 
Oh no, swine flu is in Orkney!!! 
@FizaSuperstar haha. wei, melayu betul kan sikit. whats with the &quot;dah da&quot; eh? We should have went to Clarke Quay tadiiiiiiiiiii! 
raining again  why is Scotland's weather so unpredictable
aww and i missed this meteor in Edinburgh in may  http://bit.ly/y0fjf
No Manchester Marmalade at Asda  #tweetshop
Back in Bristol. Can't believe I won't be living in Cardiff for a whole year... So weird 
lost shopping list on the way to Sainsbury's 
@ShesElectric_  Where are they tonight? I was gonna go in Coventry cos it's only 20 mins away, but I had no one to go with 
@toodamnninja @urbanfly hope neither of you live in Handsworth... ground zero for piggy flu apparently 
Oh how I wish there was a charity shop in Harborough like the one that Mary Portas has created 
though there is no home there, Rene is completely home sick for Cardiff  she feels like she will cry when she thinks about it
Oasis concert at Murrayfield has finished. No way I'm getting any sleep tonight 
Off to bed... Doctors appointment tomorrow (no  Not with Dr Carlisle Cullen I WISH !!!  ;) wink wink @peterfacinelli I WISH *LOL* xoxo
@maguidhir I need the pattern for the Whisper Cardigan! I can't find my issue anywhere ... I think I lent it to someone. 
@Placepot it says image not found 
says hey guys, just got in from the pub last exam friday! then byebye KGV   whats happen guuyyys
@katiekuekes They're starting the line in only 10 select stores. Hopefully somewhere in GER will be on list, I am sure Norfolk is not. 
I want to go back to Scotland 
so i'm playing at the Loft tonight 9pm.. with Abbey Skye! you should come! oh how i wish i had a kombi 
@vodafoneNZ Pity Flaxmere doesn't have 2100MZH 3G  anyways follow me if you read me cause i can see what your saying 
heading to Lochgilphead for the largest kids carnival yet... 160 drummers! and yes, it had to happen, it's pouring 
On the train to Ardrossan  which means I'm back to work for 2 weeks  
Going on the sleeper train to Edinburgh this eve - v. excited. need to do some work first though 
@jamonwhite Leaving the beautiful city of Edinburgh behind to go to a very gray city...with lots of seagulls 
has to go back to Bournemouth next week 
Just discovered a former client has redesigned his site into a mushy, generic, formless mess.... uses the Andrex font too! Gutted. GUTTED 
Last day as a St Hilds student. 
@guernseylibrary fabulous as there is much huffing and puffing in our study due to lack of accommodation in Edinburgh 
Reception have now officially moved from the main office to the new Visitor Centre here at Snape. Strangely quiet without them 
I've uploaded my pic.......think I may take it off &amp; upload something else? still having a look at Benidorm.....prices have sky rocketed 
Why is it always raining in Scotland?!!!! 
Neighbourhood cats have been in my garden again, i can smell their feces, nice. 
Nothing more disappointing than a Royal Mail van driving to your door, and giving a parcel to someone else, then driving away 
@TABItarot nope...not really...Aberdeen 4 1/2 hours, Inverness 21/2 hrs but cant get there and back really in a school day. poooooop 
i'm damn need to finish this Lochinvar thingy.. i'm damn sleepy. 
On my way home from Edinburgh 
@nappypoet Hi - raining  in Scotland   Pls can you tell me title of book on Rhodesia you were reading? Lost the thread. I'm ex Bulawayo
Who invented Ealing and why do I have to spend an afternoon there? 
Wickenden St do you really have to be so loud? I had a long night, please let me sleep for another hour..kthanks. 
@pompeygal @willtompsett A dastardly paving stone just behind Oxford St. walking in W1 should carry a health warning. 
@toritruslow Comet+Natwest conspiring to stop me purchasing a washing machine, no funding for Cai, cookies are invisible 
So Bored. Watching Royal Ascot but got no notes to bet with  how much does it cost to get from Wembley Park to Harrow on the Hill ? x
Aww, man, Edinburgh was fun. I'm rly tired now though  also i dont wanna go 2 Edinburgh Dungeons EVER AGAIN. they picked on me &lt;_&lt; lol
UCAS login is aweful and confusing 
Looks like I have no record of my BSAC qualification, guess I'll have to dive with the beginners this holiday 
Just saw an old Humber driving about, I miss my car 
All the Edinburgh Stafford Street markets have been cancelled 
Iam heartbroken. The receptionist vacancy for the tattoo studio in Glasgow is filled 
@Crich2606 lol that'd be awesome but i have to go clean my house properly at the weekend in brighton  sob, maybe if you go another time! x
...still well gutted to be missing Fazeley grand high tea though 
@Hannanar sorry no M&amp;G's left for Wolverhampton  keep in touch
@james_hancock i have an early train to catch to St. Helens for the shoot 
@lifegotcold sorry all gone for Southampton  keep in touch for more give aways
Is angry that he won't be in Cornwall when the boardmasters surfing competion is on 
Jak is angry that he won't be in Cornwall when the boardmasters surfing competion is on  (via @jak122)
@Tarzzz 1 pair each person bot now none left for Brighton sorry 
@danielotov Nothing for Southampton sorry  keep posted for other Sats stuff
@AdamWatkins1 No M&amp;G's for Cardiff sorry  but look out for the signings
has been catching up on some TV... When's Gav gone get home  X
In the car on my way home for the summer. I miss Loughborough already. 
Really scared I might have Lyme disease 
Taylor playing Wembley. Heartbroken i'll be at Uni and can't go 
@scattywitch Its Scotland- you spray it on, before the rabbits get there it washes off.  But thanks for the idea.
I'm proper hungry, gotta eat late as 12yr old is rowing along the Medway for at least another hour 
BORED! I wish my mom was not a cow. I would be seeing Hedley in Belleville in like 2 days 
@wickedannabella ...sorry you're going through a rough patch with THE TEENAGER 
@tommybh1 Nothing for Cardiff sorry 
@meggymooloos Nothing for Brighton sorry 
@OSPCA Wildlife Centre in Midland closes temporarily due to funding shortfall   Hopefully it won't last long. http://tinyurl.com/m6ogoe
I wish people would stop mentioning Glastonbury, I want to 
@smethinkindaemz No sorry  Grimsby &amp; Plymouth only
Gutted I never got tickets for Oasis last night in Edinburgh  I got a phonecall though, so better than nothing.
@bogvampwhoppit not much here in Cheshire as yet  Next week is going to be better I hear :o)
2614 Dorking open today 10-1- foothill to Tye, left on Cheltenham, right on Dorking, house on left. Jesusita fundraiser cancelled 
had really better go to Sainsbury's and buy some food before Grumpy gets back or I'll be in trouble 
is having to go back to Wales again incase the car gets robbed in Manc, month from hell the past 4 weeks 
Back in the UK at St Pancras. 40 min tube to Ickenham to pick up the car then 2h drive home. Tired already 
@AnneFalgate - Bloody bastards!! I'll let you know if it arrives this arvo, but it's been a week since parcel No.1   F'ing Royal Mail! xx
Stabbing in Dulwich this evening... http://tinyurl.com/knztlr ... I could easily have been on that bus 
@SolveMyMaze I hope the exam board get their arses in gear faster than the DVLA. 
@owieh I've done the same, it's stuck in the Yorkshire transport network somewhere 
Bletchley, Chedington, Tring--deserted  Lad in footy kit got off at MK though. Brightened my journey home! Gricers at Cheddigton.
@blackburnrovers wish Derbyshire nothing but the best, seeing as he is a local Blackburn lad, sad to see him go tho he will be missed 
had a great time at Ascot, but my wallet didn't have such a good day   On the plus side it didn't rain
http://twitpic.com/7qnqj - @dogarteest #freedogpainting entry 2 Abbey, who is losing her fur to Alopecia 
@DanMan1986 ...I'm heading back to Egham just before then! 
I am going to miss Bigbury  can anything beat daily walks on the beach?
@Spitfire2 yes, but the fans wanted more. It's sort of that be careful what you wish for deal 
back @ wk went hm to check on my baby Cilla she is still not feeling to good 
@lachance680 Lol yes it was fun...til I heard that brash Brummie accent 
Just waiting for NHS direct to call back now, he's so uncomfortable - I hate seeing my baby in pain 
just home its raining nearly 11 feels like winter  i hate living in Glasgow
@elliegiles I'm guessing Glasgow 
how awful is the weather in Glasgow  boo situation! And i have Take That and The Saturdays in Hampden 2moro :O
@mattingham indeed, so I can do St Pancras - Ebbsfleet, for 17 min trips or evening peak to Kent at 37 min. But no HS1 return 
@_Cheshire_Cat_  y yo a ruffito
@Jagusti shit! I thought it was months away  I'm not in Sheffield this weekend 
going to pick up all my stuff from Sheffield and finally say goodbye to the place today, boo-urns to the max 
an uneventful babysitting 'session', tho am missing out on a good party dammit  flicking through online Edinburgh fringe brochure.
wishes that  Glastonbury was over this side of the world. 
@truffle_shuffle You just made Ewan cry  lol
I miss my friends in Leicester... again 
Ms. Ashford is leaving  ill miss you so much!!!!
@thejohnlee seriously  oh but taste of Cambridge got changed to the 25th cuz of it!!!! can u go then??
This is turning out to be a surprisingly good day.  Just wish Chaddy didn't have to go to work anymore. 
Cambridge this morning. Alex has his last GCSE for this year today - physics. He thinks he will need to &quot;let off steam&quot; afterwards 
@MyJQ would love to come but I'm ok way to Notts 
Typical I've got flu when I should be boozing it up on Edinburgh 
Really disappointed to see that The Saturdays are playing Southampton and I'm not going  unless some mate has a surprise for me!
@stephenpearne where are you? I'm 14th in Brighton &amp; have been here 30 mins 
@O2 your guys in Brighton don't seem to know, 8:03 &amp; still closed  At least they gave us water!
@SorenLorensen Driving thru Shepton Mallet on way 2 Brizzle &amp; feeling mighty depressed on sight of Glasto signs 
@SorenLorensen blooming typical! u come to Brissle I go to Bracknell  next time hon let me know x
@Praed wished i could play til 3am 
Should have been in Nottingham yesterday, today and tomorrow  Ah well, far too awkward and expensive anyway
Absolutely booing that I'm stuck at work when everyones at Ascot  Fuming!!
In Chester this morning doing an install!  It's all multiroom audio! I love it! I'missing out on all the fun in Brum thou! 
@fyldelibraries Have a good Lytham Club Day.  Im from Lytham originally and would have popped over but I have to work 
Crimewatch want volunteers to do an 80s reconstruction in Bath nightclub.  I am sadly too old.  http://tinyurl.com/moa2b5
taxi to take me to Heathrow and I stood outside the AV and cried my eyes out at 4.30am 
weather not to great in Torquay today, dark clouds 
off back to Aberaeron now....Long journey but worth it for mum's birthday &amp; fathers day...cards//presents havent arrived in the post yet 
@tom_mcfly yes u haveeeeee! near Bath, awesome! but i cant go  which means it'll actually be absolutely rubbishhhhh!! 
@tommcfly  yes u haveeeeee! near Bath, awesome! but i cant go  which means it'll actually be absolutely rubbishhhhh!! 
@JessScorpio It's evil! &amp; the number the NHS gave me 4 an emergency dentist isn't even 1! I now have 2 wait till 8am on Lundi! Paaaain  xx
off for lunch with louisa and kezza and then off to a 50th later in Tarporley, maybe need to do some work in between 
@bogvampwhoppit very grey here in Cheshire too 
la la la, a day down the Caversham prom planned for tomorrow. It's typical that the weather is expected to be cold and wet 
@gluemoon whenever we do that we spend the time dodging dog poo and drunks  I hate Vauxhall.
is off to Woking yet again! 
Nostalgic jaunt round Nottingham city centre turns slightly sour as i find every single pub i used to frequent is now a branch of Subway 
@o2 Guys, loving my iPhone but have to say the O2 store in Aylesbury was ill-prepared this morning and service very shabby - shame! 
I hate sitting in bed. I might go job hunting in Hebden today. I have no money so I can't even go to Leeds or anything 
.@dmeeno Caley. 2 years 
listening to the Man in Black while &quot;packing&quot; to leave Cardiff!  But yay to Manchester, YFC and family!!!
I hate nightmares. Especially mornings where I'm alone because Gareth has gone to work  love &amp; miss him so much though... &lt;3 xx
@RODDYBOTTUM Tickets for Edinburgh must have sold out within 2mins.Gutted I couldn't get one! I hate people who buy and sell them on ebay 
@chrismou Glasgow Caledonian University. Its a new course, starts in September... I don't know what to do 
Working at r swish Aldwych office  but tweeting on rubbish mobile phone 
@tommcfly wish I could come to one of your forest shows but too far from Inverness  u think u'll come to Scotland again soon? Pleeeease!
@chrismou I'd probably have to move to Glasgow and get a job there cause its full time. Dunno what to do  You do have a foot fetish ;)
@Swineshead you're probably closer in location than I am anyway so you've got a better chance than me. b*stard! 
@andrewlowson Euan will not come  will you ask around?
@Artytypes I don't think I'm going to be back in time. Looks like we're leaving Retford around 5ish. I feel bad as I've let you down 
Just checked Hampshire weather for midsummer sunrise - looks like it might be a rainy one  Ah well, I'll take me waterproofs!
Opps, went to ASDA earlier and forgot to pickup my cashback 
@toparistonight And all I got from Yateley 6th was a hoodie in a terrible colour! 
@clairecouch nice - I've got a tuna sarnie from Gregs to eat at my desk 
My Nottinghamshire heart bleeds 
One student at Bristol Uni &amp; one at UWE have been diagnosed with swine flu  http://www.uwe.ac.uk/advice/health/flu.shtml
@TommySutch they also don't tip well those golf folks, and ill be serving them ALL day at Croxley's 
Heading to Keswick today...yeah.....doesn't sound like much fun, does it 
Ugh at work   if one more person named melody askes when we get to leave today. I'm goons lose it @ 19th St &amp; ... http://loopt.us/t31xVA.t
@vicardave Bit far from South Worcs  Wonder if Cheltenham branch have same offer - maybe worth a visit!
I am here, but only briefly.  The bright lights of Cardiff beckon, with that bloke who doesn't love me back  I think I'll get drunk!!
@MRGOULD Aw man, why you could not play Glasgow? I'm gutted! 
@pbarone Regretably I'm off back to the shire tomorrow, no more Reading or TVP cheesecake for me 
Just looked through the Glastonbury line-up, no Duffy?! Duffy MADE Glasto last year. 
@Treagus that's not very nice 
Just got back from Manchester. I went to the Trafford Centre Motor Show it was very small and sucked 
@nyckyred I'd love to but I'm in a show in Stonehaven that night. Grrrr....would've been good fun  go #csiabz!!!!
@supercoolkp In Oxford that month.  
That mean lady in Tesco made me very upset!!  
@MisCourtney online, i've fallen out with twitter i feel. need to get back into the habit. and yes, IOW. what a weekend, miss it now 
I've been on this train for 4 hours and we're still not in Yorkshire. 
is evidently in Leeds Not Silverstone 
So my pooper is safely in Leeds  I am sad and do miss him already...it's bn 4hrs since I waved him off lol :S
@KristinaHaywood YEP!!! I still got a couple though 
@Praed unfortunatley wife is on facebook and am unable to get on 
I need to get out of the house. I might go for a run but then I might get attacked by the people of Mossley 
Just failed at the pub quiz 
@cappa1970 long way from Lossie 
Argh! There should be some website that I can order Chinese food from in Frome. I can't think of anything except chow mein &amp; peking beef 
I'm back in Tamworth this weekend. I'm netless  it's worrying.
@Crofty71 ha ha sadly not mate, she referred me to an oral surgeon  how's  the drinks??
Aw, the Buxton concert tonight it 21+ 
been to the pub...lost at darts 
I've got a guy from Lancashire coming to maybe buy my double bass tomorrow. I'll be really sad to see her go 
@superbadgirl Royal Mail ripped you off on the Neil stamps, I take it? 
@BuzzEdition love it, takes me back to the Mayfair in Newcastle years ago before it became a car park 
Needing help with holistic Lyme disease treatment - anyone?  
is going to bed to get up in less than 6 hours to finish packing to leave Bath later that day  that sucks
@katrouliks molis eftasa sto Swansea awww thank u hunni I wouldve loved to alla I have to be at the shop in an hr 
@mscrissy if u want a smooth drink Greygoose and crangrape but ud prolly have to make it urself no crangrape n da club  gimme 20 dollars
rain rain go away, come again another day! My hair is sooooo going to go fluffy on Oxford St tonight 
just discovered a musical timewarp.... Only goes back as far as 2000 
Whitehawk bar tomorrow night for punk rock patty's moving to Porland party. I'm gonna miss my bff like crazy. 
@richtelford - phone RSPCA; baby birds often aren't accepted back by parents once they smell of predators  may need to be cared for
Syke was epic. busted for graffiti.... 
went to Topshop @Oxford St, only to find out days later there were 7 cases of H1N1 infections there. 
Yankees win and a great start to the weekend. Season tickets arrived for Oxford today as well; my boy's first one and he was 'overjoyed' 
@amykate I am still in Ascot so doing even more out the back. mobile inet signal switches on and off around here.... 
Wish the sun would come out - wanted to wear a summer dress for the Oundle Carnival today 
@redpied I love Cumbrian. When I was growing up I could tell the difference between even Wigton and Penrith accents - forgotten how now 
George Sampson your gorgeous and an amazing dancer. i liv in Nottingham wanted 2 c u but couldnt get tickets  x
@Anglia_Execs Theres no need smelling it coming here - you can tell by how dark it keeps going 
On antibiotics. Not Oxford St tonight 
The summer doesn't seem to be in Coventry yet though 
Has moved most of his life out of Sheffield. 
@pinkun I am a pro on the pirates cove! Just passed Ipswich, urgh, so many bad memories 
About an hour and a half away from Edinburgh. Plan is for pintage with some coursemates and work tomorrow. I do miss all the NPL stuff  
@choocom Tend to shop on internet but time is a bit tight so trip to Meadowhall (ick!) or a McArthur Glen (ick ick) may be on the cards! 
I'm too tired to be going in to Dundee 
sitting outside Tesco, contemplating going in to buy some food but I have no money 
@mcflymusic not me    Do a summer show near Reading x lol x x x i love McFly x
Going into Leeds today. All by my lonesome  haha
I've got to go and do the Asda big shop  hate it!!!
@flishflash  Are you staying in Notts tonight or driving home? Bill couldn't go as no transport home 
@RabbitHearts I think that I might have been born in the wrong country! We have nothing like that here!  I suddenly don't like Scotland...
@huggapig yes. In Llandudno. Hence nerves, i'll know half the crowd! 
car accident before the gig in Darlington... 
Off for cycle with my wife to Burnsall shortly, was hoping to build new bike but rear wheel and handlebars haven't arrived 
Just been to Sainsburys to get some food in with my cuz... was raining so no top down  boooooo! It's sunny now tho!!
Fleece not showing Lions so now at Wheatsheaf. In time to see SA try 
@amysav83 weird innit? I've got a 13 hour shift tomorrow night with the dreaded NHS 8am finish  you working tomorrow night? X
looks like Lancs have lost and not getting any play at Bradshaw. weekends suck without cricket. it's like winter. 
I have arrived safely back in Cheshire, checked CamSIS and got a 2:2. Meh, was to be expected 
Is sick as a dog  and is leaving for Bermuda tomorrow!
@KymriskaDraken  you don't want to go to the pub with me? 
Oh dear, the Lions are looking to get tanked.... watching the Springbok stroll upfield 
REALLY don't want to go to Dagenham tomorrow 
@jack_ono if you do do a dj set up here(Glasgow) could it please be an under 18's? I hate not being allowed to go to things 
@jimmycarr http://twitpic.com/7weua - I just left that beach too  What you in Aberdeen for?
At the Hoppings at Newcastle Town Moor... And its wet  again
Won sod all at Ascot  BT managed to 'change' my phone number and no broadband for 2 days, good times!
@St3phLuva not everyone, I didn't go  !!! N today we r all going to Candidas bc welo n wela r here n ur the only one missin 
@vivamyname I live in Newmarket too, I'm bored of it as well 
Accident at Chelmsford on the a12....been at a standstill for 30 mins 
Just back from my best mates, helped her pack for Devon...well I say helped lol, feel a little sad now after saying goodbye to her 
Frightened Rabbit are playing Glasgow tomorrow night and I can't go... boo 
Not at Glastonbury   but hey there are lots of other, better, smaller festivals coming up during the summer.
Round Bembridge and back into the Solent and the wind has died. Gonna be a tortuous beat to the finish 
IS going bowling tonight in Llandudno, hate bowling 
Doing the midnight walk for the Severn Hospice today, way too tired 
enjoyed the carrot cake in Brighton and the proper lunch after that but now it's back to work 
Leaving Avebury, it's shut so solstice over 
Going to St.pauls to see family today.. dumdumdumdum 
@catebabygirl Scotland aint good anall lol. Its like rainy all the time and around 10celcius all the time. 
Sitting in a hotel in Cardiff playing on my Blackberry,  I've a couple of beers chilling but it's 2 early still   http://myloc.me/4FEi
About to take off from Edinburgh  byyeeee jenn
@getgood found a street called Digbeth Street in Stow-on-the-Wold, sadly pic didn't work 
@jedijunkie But I can't post it on Craigs list anymore 
Still not received by Pembrokeshire Tea...  
Pippa Black is leaving Neighbours 
@sireofbayne Scotland is a wonderful place, my parents moved back up there a few years ago. a good 8 hours drive away... 
@Royal_Flyness oh no so young  positive thoughts and prayers to you and all of his loved ones.
Not going to Whitby tomorrow anymore!  I don't get to see the hot surfer dudes! 
relaxing! untill Alfie wakes up 
wishing I was at Scarborough with my grobie friends instead of here getting ready to go on a hospital visit    
Kate's making me watch Shortland St 
Off to Gt Yarmouth in the morning, Have to get the bus part of the way, as trains arent running between P'boro and Ely 
@rubylux after Raygun finished in Brighton we came out to get cds, but they said you'd already gone 
@barbra77 work nights in a 5* private apartments in Leeds,Yorkshire in uk.looking after residence,maintaince in empty apts Etc 
Finally made it to Plymouth, but just this weekend I'd rather be at the festival in Middlewich still. Up for work in 5 hours 
@Royal_3 I only use the best and that's apple gear my friend ;) saddens me you don't 
is devastated the Cadbury chocolate factory no longer offer tours 
Just been watching the official TT tour vids for every venue-Sunderland and Cov got ticker tape! We didn't get any ticker tape!!! 
V8's are on, Craigs out the back and is missing the motorsport  Utes are racing.
Devon pissed the car seat on the way home. 
Now heading for St Pauls with no food or drink  #4amproject
Wearing my old Cheshire Cat pajama's, and they're a lot tighter on me than they were a few years ago. 
Home from a great day in Monterey; not rdy for him to leave  OMW to Sir Froggys now for a nightcap
my copies of the Bourne films need replacing 
Guess what I'm doing? Socialising of course. But hopefully we can be home straight after dinner cause I'm really exhausted 
SO hungover and sore ankle  Glasgow is scary at night 
Not gonna be able to catch the F1 today, going to Bristol instead 
@aluniquen We went allll around the city centre and visited the Edinburgh Dungeons and went SHOPPING! Was a great trip, sad to be back! 
good evening last night  pub meal in country side pub just outside Aylesbury. M25 closed on one junction = 1hr extra journey time back 
@Ipswich772 I bought him a shirt XD, he's at work now though so he hasn't seen it. 
Waiting for golden bus from Leamington to Warwick with @LouMeigh. It is twenty minutes late. 
In Brighton - 3:01:40 one minute over 
Off to Glasgow apple shop hubby's phone has died  very hard to get an appointment. Primark here I come!
@ddlovato i wishhhhh i was. but i live in Scotland  come to Scotland Demi, please! x
Stuck in a traffic jam in Bankfoot just north of Perth Scotland. 
I've got maths Cambridge test tomorrow  tear tear '(
The journey continues - now in Aberdeen. Downside is 560 miles home later today...  AND missing the F1!
says &quot; we now have four Buff Orpington chicks and a newly hatched Splash Orpington chick. Another one pipping. No sign of bantams.&quot; 
Thinking back thinking of you... Dakota!!! &lt;3 Shame they wouldn't play it in Wetherspoon's 
Am getting ready to go back to Kent...had a fab week in Cardiff and being home makes me more homesick...work tomorrow 
Is wondering why there are no whales in Hermanus when my parents flew from so far to see them 
I can't hive my dad anything for father's day exept a card, he lives in Scotland 
Wel rubbish! Last day in Magaluf today 
So it would seem that route of the orange march in Paisley goes past my flat  noisy!
@Keiron roast beef &amp; yorkshire puds is the order of the day. Unforetunately I'm the one cooking it - feeding the 5000 today 
@filmnoirgirl A little bored. I want some lovely ladies to photograph but none around  Know any that can get to Falkirk? ;-)
I want Chinese for tea! Yet another leaflet came in through the mail slot a minute ago. Luton is really looking like a fast food haven 
Just about to set off to a gig we're doing for South Wales Dads - though sadly Seb and Gav's sons are too young to attend 
[Grumpy tweet alert ] really annoyed by london to brighton today - can't get anywhere due to congestion in &amp; around Brighton  #l2b
Lumch @ Pret in Bond St Tube. Must start clock -watching soon. 
For all pagans (inc me) who didn't get to Wiltshire last night  -- Ode to Stonehenge http://bit.ly/FCyBs
Ugh I need a ride to the hospital on tuesday  why is BUPA so far away from my house
@TiernanDouieb I agree about Rotherham, so please remember I am not from Rotherham, I just live there now. 
I want to go to St Trinians 
SAD  because someone stole my purse/camera/phone from my bag last night.&amp; i thought Brighton was an ok place-it seems bags are never safe
I did not (imagine that in italics) know that The Saturdays were performing at the Guildhall tonight. What a massive fail on my part 
Ugh I need a ride to the hospital on tuesday  why is BUPA so far away from my house http://snipurl.com/kkm75
Oh, Adrian's trophy will become a collectors' item as soon as next year - Abbey will change their name to Santander. 
@GilesMaffett I miss you  Ealing is so near, take your new wheels for a spin and come to my house
mmmm not feeling so hot...but great nite!....leaving Bermuda in a few hours...um not a happy camper !! 
@ronanofficial 2 fab shows in Manc, worth the 400mile round trip. Roll on o2, cant wait but it also means end of tour  Newmarket soon too!
@lisa24270 This packet's better than the last (which I put down to experience) in Waitrose they're always fine. Son very disappointed 
@savagestar I don't have the money sadly  they're playing in Edinburgh but I won't get time off work, bummer 
No carrots and no funky alcoholic ginger beer at Swindon Sainsburys #fail 
@Thorney88 lol well its not &quot;fry&quot; or even dry yet and its not even high up on my things to do list 
Home from my holiday in Menorca  had a lush time in the sun!pitty i didnt bring the sunshine home &quot;/
Damn, back home in shitty Swansea  Enjoyed Cornwall so much more. To top it all off, I'm in work at 8:45 tomorrow!
@SMMpharmd Magners is clouding my brain today. In your terms Magners 1 @ceedubb6 0 
Dreading starting the forced labour course the Job Centre have stuck me on tomorrow in crappy Burslem with the extreme chav scum 
Why is the closest Starbucks in Exeter? - its tooooooooo far 
So I've jsut got home from Sheffield. I miss Yorkshire accents already 
Dreading starting the forced labour course the Job Centre have stuck me on tomorrow in crappy Burslem with the extreme chav scum 
@The_Kingfisher ahhh tht sucks  whats up then?
has been ill all day. Moves back to Berwick tomorow too! Double 
@MarkusFeehily So what are you up to this not so sunny sunday? Or is it sunny where you are? Brighton seems to have lost its again 
Off to see @devilishpresley at the junction in Bristol doors 7 get there if you can, it's a benifit gig venue has been sold 
missed seeing myself on the tv due to bbc thinking i live in the west midlands instead of east midlands 
I'm still searching for a job in Tamworth and Sutton Coldfield. Nothing so far. 
@unahealy http://twitpic.com/8014s - GRRR why arent u cominto Belfast for ur tour i mean u wer here with girls aloud last year  im ver ...
Back in Lerwick after visiting Mirlnlass on Bressay. Supper next, then packing the car for departure tomorrow 
I am in a good mood but the thought of not going to Glastonbury makes me so very sad. 
On the way down to Hemel 125 mile drive  2 hours 10 according to tom tom
@hyperhellen1 Thanks....I'd love to go bit It would cost alot to get down there too because I live in Edinburgh  we will c xxx
@purplewoof Oh, it's the house I'm in  It's SWEETCORN! Meriden get a flower, Warwick a castle, Priory a ... duck...Lichfield a weird cross
@Dorkus_ what song? says it violates copyright laws and won't play in smelly Coventry 
@wickedlondon To transport me five hours away to Lichfield to see Lucy. Is that allowed?  x
Who'dve thunk it? 20 mins on me bike and I'm f*cked! The Pennines might be nice to look at but are absolute tw*ts to ride near... 
@Midgley so no Tenerife sun for you then? 
 yorkshire lost
Missing Alfie a bit too much  flying back on the 26th.
@Didsbury_  but i wanna meet jareddd and the saturdaayss  ahha
@Royal_Flyness ugh it looks sandblasted 
@jonhansen You know what? By the time his father sends me his birth certificate Scotland may very well have its independence. 
@andrewburnett I like the Scottish one which you drink with cucumber - can't remember it's name tho - doesn't taste like gin 
@azureaim Train leaves Edinburgh at 3 so will prob need to leave here around 1.30...which means missing Andy! 
is off to bed .. alone  wishing i was in Glasgow with my man! aahh.. just 4weeks to go! &lt;3
@samjmoody i would but the RSPB would be on me case   i wanna just get a big hungry cat or somethin. even with double glazin i hear 'em.
@GarrettSparky you... yelled at me...  your so mean sparky! lol
@Oxford216 awww 4 real 
@hotcheeseBURNS Some mates of mine are off to Glastonbury. I'm avoiding looking at festival line-ups this yr as I hate the crowds 
@liamr Kelso is really warm today.. no wind either  my mac says Glasgow is 24 degrees?!!
Oxford day trip fail: the Ashmolean Library is closed  But the &quot;Oxford Castle Unplugged&quot; experience makes up for this. Amazing view.
@jaimekristene Where?! oh  don't fancy posting one to Nottingham? ...oh ok then ;)
@rickydark  I don't eat red meat - where is the chicken?! Hitchin, Herts 
is exhausted after having to face the dreaded Tesco 
Beutiful and sunny out there and I'm stuck on a grotty wearhouse 
@ttband You should totally do another gig in Southampton again, I couldn't go last time 
Devon had to go to the vet, cause he's biting his paws all bloody  me n vin going to see nightatthemuseum A_A
@brettyourgoals haha I don't wanna because they haven't even read the message I sent them yet  their local to Leeds but are reallygood!
wish people would stop banging on about Glastonbury - it's not like I'm jealous or anything 
@Louth Gimme back my weather! you stoles it and gave us the rain. 
@amyfergface re: RAF presentation. I don't have 5 years continuous residency backwards from this date 
its hot 2day and i dont want to go and walk all round Stanmore again! 
tru, you better be good! looking forward to a long and drunken night in york! bring on the Vodkat!!!! 
@sharlr If you want to come to Cambridge and load up a van full of books, feel free!  I need rid of them asap, and t the tip feels wrong. 
Heys(: It sucks being off sick 
missing Gemma atm, i think knowing that i wont see her at all in work exp., she's staying at Welshpool for it is making it way worse 
packing for glastonbury, which is turning into more clothes for rain than sun  Does it always rain at Glastonbury
Brixton Academy is the wrong place to wear the brand new slightly too small shoes. I'm guessing I won be walking too far tomorrow 
I finally feel human again after a few days of lurgee and now @Murdo23 is ill in bed 
had a great weekend home in Peterborough!!! back to work tomorrow and really dreading it 
Dorking is exactly the way I forgot it last time. Dorking.  
Oh  . . . Glastonbury  sort my life out someone haha?
@tiggerloos hope you have a safe drive.where are you driving from?I drove 200 miles from derby to Bournemouth.back to work tomorrow 
I wanna hug you too @4thgradedropout.  I am reading everyone's chapbooks to get amped.  No one from Hampshire is coming 
@EricaNurney Now that is quite a long way from here, in sunny Yorkshire. I am okay just people are making me 
@ThisisDavina  I'm not in my 40's but I still wanna be in your band I have the inappropriate clothing down I do Mutton far to well!!!
Getting ready for Lanzarote is more stressful than I first thought... 
is at Buckingham Palace, but no wi-fi 
@love_houst well, guess what? im going to Stornoway! ... beat that.... oh, i think you already have  lolx
managed to get burnt in Edinburgh today - bad times 
Reading the 10th and final Pendragon book. It's exciting bc I finally get to find out what happens, but also sad bc now it will be over. 
Ugh. What is this 6 am nonsense. Never heard of it before but I must get up  off to Aberdeen
running strath 800000000000000000000000000 for mount 
@cgladson ! come to the pub 
Morning everyone... not such a sunny day today  heading to Maidenhead shortly...
Kelly Louise Bradford ...barely slept a wink last nite  kept having bad nightmares!! X. http://tinyurl.com/m4ncw9
@Scousewife77 not such a gorgeous day in Hampshire at the moment 
is packing his stuff away n moving out of Aynsley Halls,  the year 12 summer school has been cool!!
(because of the bad  weather)After work i will have supper in company   and then,Bath  in company!
Nasty experience x 2 on the Brompton on the way to the station 
Last morning helping at Isobel Mair *sniffs* 
[BradfordTweets] Kelly Louise Bradford ...barely slept a wink last nite  kept having bad nigh.. http://bit.ly/ZpQu2
And why do Vivien of Holloway keep removing my photos from their group?! They're not flouting any terms of use! Humph 
@bbcproms strange definition of out and about though - central London only.   Why no proms activity in Devon? Or Cornwall? 
Searching for a pair of Woodford and Co shorts that are amazing and i need in my wardrobe... not having much luck 
singing and acting audition! So I got on a train down to Cambridge for nothing! 
@Anglia_Execs Pls bring some of the sunshine back with you and send it over this side of the country! - raining here now 
@rebeccaco yes... mine were stale tasting too  #WeightWatchers
Jealous of all the people heading down to #Glastonbury! 
@Charsue Always welcome. There's no KFC in Southwark dude 
I wish I was at Glastonbury.  
I broke my range Rover 
I wish I was goin' to Glastonbury this weekend! 
My best friends drove down to Glasto yesterday (from Scotland), i'm so jealous, i'll be working so it wasn't even an option 
@amanda_mcpanda haha but it is! Wakefield haf a nice cup of tea ;) i miss you 
Such a gorgeous day here in Scotland for a change and i need to work! 
The weather looks so nice &amp; im stuck inside  Really wish I was at Glastonbury
@Cali poor you. Not far from Solihull but we may be busy today 
Writting my report to the sounds of Fleet Foxes, annoyingly I seem to have broken yet another laptop charger 
Heading back to Bath this afternoon, but sad that it's not &quot;back home to Bath&quot; but &quot;back to Bath for a visit&quot; 
@sambulance  That's so shit.  You woulda thought Primark would of had atleast one pointing in the right way.
@zanelowe Lucky you, my best mates drove down to Glasto from Scotland last night but i'm working 
Why am I not at Glastonbury 
Reports that Batheaston Bypass is gridlocked inbound to Bath, so expect delays to bus services in the area 
all these Glastonbury related twitters upset me 
all these Glastonbury related tweets upset me 
Is gutted she hasnt gone to Glastonbury 
People are getting their uni results now, but of course Teesside has to be one of the last! 
Wish I was going to Glastonbury this year 
Wish I was going to Glastonbury this year  http://tinyurl.com/mbjth4
Hanging out in Banbury getting my knee MRI scanned 
ankle killing....shouldn't have gone to the gym this morning  docs tomorrow. Northumbria Graduate fashion show this afternoon!!!
aaaahhhhh Mr Brightside just came on the radio, making me miss my Leicester girls lots &amp; lots! 
@KOTS90 You're going to Brighton and I'm back in Norwich 
I wish i was at Glastonbury 
Having serious Glastonbury envy!  
Monye dropped from the Lions team.  #Lions
@rogermerriman every time we have a recession we seem to lose a major plant. Llanwern's turn this time I think? 
@Swineshead terrible http://bit.ly/16aUc6  
missing atMedia  but the rain at Glastonbury has stopped (for the moment)
Not convinced by Bristol uni anymore  and it was my fav beforehand, what to do
Onlygirl failed her driving test  but got a job today .She found it on gumtree @mrslard. A female ghillie on an estate in Caithness
@Schofe http://twitpic.com/7tt75 - I so miss Newquay and Cornwall  Wish I could afford to move back there one day
I wish I were at Glastonbury 
Glastonbury tomorrow   Is it wrong that I feel like crying??
is doing NVQ work 
i just won something! i never win anything! still doesnt make up for Glastonbury though 
@nickthevortex good luck with the tour!I cant make it to dunfermline  but hope to catch yous in Edinburgh or Glasgow soon!gonna B mega!
damn weather. I wanted to go to Yeovil on bike.. Looks like its car all the way 
My throat feels sore and and a bit tight  not a nice thought I'm going to blame Gravesend Council for starting off my hayfever
I cud be in Southampton right now  damn them stupid trains!!!
@St3phJo you can have my miami rain! its ruined my afternoons everyday this week  lol
wtf. rendering takes too long. my back hurts  I'm going to Homebase and Halfords later!! WOO
@its_sb I partying! Yeay. But in Hitchin  Boooo. But free hard food and sweete sweet reggae music!
I wanna be at Glastonbury 
-gasp- FInch is having a free show at the Glasshouse tonight...! 
-gasp- Finch is having a free show at the Glasshouse tonight...! 
Fact :3 mobile are as much use as a an expenses claim in Westminster. 
Blur were in Wolverhampton last night it's good that I went to the cinema to distract me from the short space between me and Damon Albarn 
aWWW  I'd give anything to go to Glastonbury tomoroooo.
Blairs been taken into hospital 
not looking forward to going to college again tomoz, for leavers thing!!! 
Bit anxious about a day of shopping tommorow,weekend with the girls&amp;holiday on the Isle of Wight next weekend when I have ZERO pennies 
At The Fence in Farringdon with some work colleagues. No tables free outside 
@thebeanboy23 Not  in Brighton sorry 
Got an exciting event planned for Cornwall College Saltash, shame I won't be there to see it through 
Home! Missed all of Neighbours 
Leavers BBQ was nothing special 
is wanting to go to Glastonbury and regress into my youth but work has spoilt that too 
doesnt understand anymore. a friend of mine died of a heart attack, 35ish, healthy, didn't smoke r drink much. 2 lovely children.bye Loz 
@claire_brewer I've seen one of those aisles in Borders in Oxford. They're... well, tragic 
@peekay id say the interaction is greater on Iain's show...real time wise. Plus A&amp;J are nominated else where so fingers crossed for Iain 
what a great day  8 readings straight and still going ! love the room at Chakra in Acland St it has the best energy !
@MilkyMooMoo nice and sunn here too in Cambs 
Watching Neighbours 
@yamstersg Yes, then the world will finally know what is going on withing the Scottish #bus network!  
@remainamystery I think I already did  Cardiff, here I come 
Another beautiful day in Brighton and the sun makes my creativity flow....just a quick cup of green tea b4 I hit the decks 
Please please please friends of Govanhill Baths, let me in to your empty swimming pool to take photos 
is starting her day of laundry and cleaning.. leaving for Bath in T-20 hours  alot to do! ok. Coloreds &amp; jeans first.. anyone got any?
@nminers Wherever the day takes us!  On route to Youlgreave at mo, sun is waking up!
@shantiernan I miss you fool! I'll scrounge off my dad and we can go Trafford Centre when I get back 
@Georgina_Milne didn't learn anything that's going to affect my day-to-day geekery but did learn Firefox has over 5 million lines of code 
great photos of Scotland http://psdessential.com/inspiration/50-stunning-photographs-of-scotland/ (except the grey and miserable one 
@teaandcake__ I know Beckenham's not great, but it can't be that bad, surely?  (hope there is light at the end of the tunnel)
Watching the steam trains go back and forth in Ravenglass - sunny! 
Having a lovely morning out in Nantwich 
@Mr603: Ramada Renaissance Hotel opposite Harvey Nicholls (Deansgate/Blackfriars Street) should be up there. 
Off to the museum of Oxford with Daisy in tow  I may be sometime.............
Graham Coxon on Britpop: &quot;once the Guardian said it was OK to like football, that was it, the whole decade was fucked&quot; 
thanks #Aylesbury #Audi for very quick service in fitting shiny new number plates 
I thought it was going to rain today but instead the sun is shining and it's beautiful here in Leeds 
@Herne2 err... thanks and to return the favour i am wearing black and grey checked boxers 
I just watched a show on mtv about dudes who are competing to be Brodie Jenners friend   he looks like early hasstlehoff.
Westminster? I think so  just passed regents park
@mhequalities cool. We just had Welsh NHS Dr Alun Jones in Perth on rsrch into patient shame. Happy to share audio when kids r fed etc. 
2nd day Bracknell and I'm bored already. 
@eoghanquigg Pleaseeeeee come to Glasgow and do a signing   xxxxx
Off to Oxford tomorrow and then snobs yayayay 
I'm looking forward to this weekend.  No singing, just seeing friends, relaxing, doing a a spa weekend at St. Anne's in Grafton ON  
@joeymcintyre yay im glad your not following Aston!! but follow britney @britneyspears haha do it!! lol 
@joplintv hope you're enjoying your concert Pickles!!! 
is on the train travelling back from Scotland 
Wondering why people think Youtube changed??? And watching Anglo Welsh Rugby Union final 
http://twitpic.com/3itk8 - In the Whip with Mela  off to my Ends Peckham
@Just_Abbey at the very least you are consistant 
@ElizabethPW @libertygrrrl @Sir_Almo free chocolate http://tinyurl.com/dym8s5 check it out and come play with us   pls rT
@YouLookGreat @libertygrrrl @Sir_Almo free chocolate http://tinyurl.com/dym8s5 check it out and come play with us   pls rT
Cardiff giving Gloucester a 5-try thrashing! Great game  #rugby
@prangz @libertygrrrl @Sir_Almo free chocolate http://tinyurl.com/dym8s5 check it out and come play with us   pls rT
@microedge No - Oldham Athletic fan here 
Wolves fans invade pitch and all in a ood way  Looking forward to Barnsley next week
is going to Southport to walk her dogs  x
Might go to St. Marys next weekend with the Burnley fans for the Saints relegation party! 
Just got back from Scotland 
@tradingnothing a quick swim in the Severn then? 
@alicephilippa Rusholme? I bet you can almost see my house from there 
@TomVMorris my name is only by marriage, I was a Keating...hubbys dad originates in Blenevan, Wales I think..but cousin is good 
#PeopleFinder : Callum Findlay(18-May-2009)-York-UK: Happy 
im at my grans mehhh. been in Dundee, had a good day 
Nikki Shaffi is backk from Cornwall  Hmmppff?:S. http://tinyurl.com/d8vz7x
@arancinibaby they're about an hour away Auchterarder inbetween Perth and Stirling Crieff 20mins from there  St A about 1/2 hours from AU
had the best walk through Hanham woods and supper at Ma Beese's tearooms!  Beeser salad for life &lt;3 &lt;3
Dancing under the dim sunlight @Brighton beach w/ pat! Beautiful day  http://twitpic.com/3k1yq
@HelpFindMyChild I'm here! Just started a Glasgow database 
Sorted out loads of paperwork - can almost get into the office now 
@lillyjade YEP!! 
@garethb2  That's awesome, much love for the Gareth clan.
Awww the memories. Royal treatment from old friends  good times!
So I picked up this stray cat on the street, and he and Olly seemed to hit it off. I may have a new family member 
@Brooky_B hi follower mr. 650 
@steevbishop You could have bought a pair of Rossett's pants, given his original job. 
@tlouise simply go to Devon and with some luck your cotage might be in spot with no data connection or wifi nearby 
@rustyrockets Morning. How goes the tour? You were fabulous in Cardiff 
@Sir_Almo what are you up to? 
@NixyValentine Hard not to get some great shots with such beauty everywhere! I can easily see why you landed in Scotland and never left. 
Hubby's gone to Wem-buh-ley so staying at folks with @tilly_mint. Grandparents are ace! 
The sun is shining here in Aberdeenshire today - a day in the great outdoors for us - hope the sun is shining where you are 
Another beautiful day, another family trip out - this time to a steam rally near Southport 
is back in Bournemouth 
@Beverley0308 And rightly so, that was mean wasn't it? *runs* 
@littlebrownjob Thanks for the link to RSPB gardens enjoyed looking through this today and lots of help 
@sweynh Ah, I'm already in Aberdeen  Very much looking forward to seeing Orkney, and Shetland 
/Oh great start, train driver says the train is going to Aberdeen, the train manager thinks it is going to Glasgow, this will be fun 
my head is splitting, I feel like a pregnant cow, but it's a BEAUTIFUL sunny day (which is rare in Scotland!), so I'm off out!! 
Morning!  Laptop given up on me again...think I will go to Brighton and get in touch with my free spirit then 
Just finished 'The Virgin's Lover' by Phillippa Gregory... really good... I love any book about Tudor England 
- Sitting in very hot sun at Glasgow Green then heading to Mono for brunch. Early start for the hens!  #fb
out 4 lunch then to event in Dulwich Loveeeeeee 
@jaecka awh lol. that's daft, you dont need them 
Hmmm a beautiful day and nothing to do - tempted to jump on the train to Balloch or Helensburgh and enjoy the sunshine 
acoustic set tonight... The GRV in Edinburgh come along  Wee warm up before The Hive on May 2nd! ADOx
Off to the beach in Lowestoft with @libberykathro, my mum and the dog 
@PorcupineTee Nottingham will be a richer place for having you there! 
Two more drum tracks recorded this morning. Now off to Oxford for a lovely pub lunch 
hey everyone i am back from Devon  what have i missed?
Beautiful day in Edinburgh, the weather is sweet and the sun is shining. 
Spurs up 1-0 at the half. A win could be nail in Geordie's relegation!    
people keep complaining about the 1 way system in #Glasgow, but as far as I know u can only go 1 way @ a time anyway  #fact
@olafsearson Just outside of Bicester  About 5 mins away x
Almost at the boarders  soon be back in good old Scotland 
W00t, RSPCA called, once my cage arrives I can arrange a visit with them and hopefully adopt two lovely piggies! 
Looks like Championship for Newcastle. I am sad because I always enjoy being in away end at St James's. I won't miss their pies though 
Driving to Bournmouth, but I forgot my headset and my camera - for germany. Lol am gonna have to get mum to drive and get it lol 
Its anova lovely day in Glasgow hope it stays like this all week 
@stephenfry  I take it that you support Norwich city 
is in Cornwall 
Ripping my Manson CDs to my computer now. Sending Louise the Holywood album 
@jimmycarr i'd love to know what you get when youre going through Cockermouth 
@Kameshvari I thought Imogen Heap was a dude the first time I heard her.  She sings low on that first album.
@dannywood Wish I was there but I shouldn't feel bad it was sunny in bonny Scotland today  life is good
@Sofster86 i want it back as well! so much fun! bring on Southend!! 
@diana_music hey Diana did you enjoy being in Dumfries?  your so nice in person and you were amazing at the concert 
On my way home from Southampton, nice to see everyone i will be back soon 
Preparing to go to the pub 
@chainOfThoughts in Guilin: Echt wahnsinn 
@Loz62 and a very good afternoon to you kind sir! 
is at Highgate &amp; Holloway with Karenmae. Should be a good day. 
The sun is shining and im off for a shoot in Largs today 
@pumpkinheeed @better_studio I stand corrected. I have try me some fresh farm sarnies from Stokesley soon 
@abussi nothing mate only when compared to Cornwall on a day like today 
@Starstruck saw them in Cardiff a couple of years ago on 1st reformed tour, loved it..all the straight men were there under duress 
apparently.. http://tinyurl.com/y66rgx, will be busy next few hours e-mailing friends in Southall and Slough 
Right - I have to go to a meeting in Bristol - so catch up with you all later 
@jemimakiss most welcome  Brighton is such a lovely town...
Magpie works!   They just placed the first ad in my account and I earned 0.63$ for nothing ) --&gt; http://bit.ly/midph
is back in Nottingham 
@jodiekearns many are worse of course  But as an ex-Barnet resident I have to show bias 
http://twitpic.com/3nej3 - Yesterday, I walked with my BestFriend Scilly infection  I love you Scilly !
3 days to seeing my girls, gossip, cocktails, shopping and Scottish boyyyyyys  EXCELLENT!!!!
@whoopsie &quot;Decent fish and chips for Shropshire!&quot; I've started a debate! I'll send you the listen again link when the shows ended 
@DonMcAllister I downloaded free version (cheap Yorkshire man I am) try before I buy as it were 
Enjoying Ipswich's 3-2 win over Norwich 
@DebbieFletcher Were you at the McFly concert in Bournemouth at the 15/11? It was at their previous tour. I came to that show from Israel 
@Ricardovich Welkom 
@Sir_Almo hello my dear, you might be in bed but hope you see this when you get up 
@cellec @Octagen Studytrip to Edinburgh and Glasgow 
@PeterSmyth1971 I  do not know, what I do know is that she is in deep shit with Strathclyde uni....I have uncovered a small scandal 
Its lovely to have some gorgeous weather for a change in the Cotswolds 
@oscar_baby  having to make do with going to the mall instead. Great lack of Welsh men there tho ;)
Cadbury should survey me!! I know my stuff LOL I want freddos with pineapple flavour inside yummy 
Ahahahahaha my dad went to Tesco, got all the shopping them realised he'd forgotten his wallet. 
just rang UCAS :/ so nottingham is my first choice 
@Asbo_T and have a safe flight too  I would so rather be flying at this point.
@missingbits I'm hoping @nmpty3 will know, she's Welsh 
Wow another sunny day in Warks, we are being spolied, where am I going to put the table and chairs in the garden 
From the city, if you come up Roma St, up around as if you are coming to Hale Street and then turn left into Caxton 
had forgotten how lovely the centre of Bath is first thing on a spring morning 
Good morning from the Shropshire Star newsroom at Ketley! Contact us directly with your stories, pictures and videos through this page 
@Essex_courier they need to fix the website in firefox &amp; do some SEO  partymansuperstore.co.uk is broken... http://twitpic.com/3peew
@theimp67 thanks! Where abouts in Bedfordshire are you? I'm originally from Beds 
@JDSProductions nice to network with ca is a lonngggg way from Leeds uk 
It's raining in Caithness this morning, but it's light spring rain, not that heavy wintry rain we're so used to. Lovely 
Barnardos oops! http://tinyurl.com/cylvcg -oh well, no real harm done! 
@secondhalf46 Guessing the sun is shining in Hull?  Prof Grant is a bit of bbq expert ye know ;)
Seeing McFly in 17 Days at Manchester and then again in 60 Days at Nottingham 
loving the lovely weather we have here in Cheadle Hulme 
is in Banbury for the day working hard - up at 6am this morning, but looking forward to lunch from the little odd shop round the corner 
@paulcarless Are you in Solihull for long? If tomorrow you're in brum got a plan for your night there 
@AdieArmstong I don't think we need worry about it and anyway Adie, we'll have our hats, they can protect us from everything  xx
@LaChatNoir Carisbrook Castle on the Isle of Wight 
@kimbarweee aww i see  haha dougie and tom seem to switch guitar and bass on the tour ! exciting ....you live in Leicester ?
The new Cadburys ad is quite trippy.. with the little kids and their dancing eyebrows 
Kinda in a rush to get to Silverstone but hey-ho! Castle Combe on monday as well now!! 
Yay!!  In my sorting out I found my copy of the mini-series Pride &amp; Prejudice with Colin Firth 
Starting my jurney north to Scotland now  the sun has just come out.
Off somewhere in the car today for my daughters birthday but no-one has decided! I voted Thirsk races but wasn't popular 
Is on his way to Bradford with the Son  woop
is off the the 2,000 Guineas at Newmarket races 
Another fab day   Looking forward to meeting up with the Wadhurst Runners tonight, their annual dinner - I miss the club 
@philaskew head to the new forest? Lymington is v nice with sea, forest, villageness and good pubs 
is off to Leatherhead to collect her new car!!  xx
Second that nice @MrsPBoutique's recommendation for NoFit State Circus if you're in Brighton. Or in Cardiff when they're back home 
Off out shopping soon and then another gig tonight. Looking forward to seeing Alistair Griffin at The Regal Room in Hammersmith 
off to Washbrook in a bit, to watch @26davidnicoll26 &amp; @13jamesyoung13 ride 
Off for a mother/daughter mooch in Cirencester. And today I'm the daughter 
@OrtisDeley I'm looking for you in PCWorld in Northampton no wonder I can't find you 
@_K_a_K_ well you are on here, it is just another mean of communication!  did you have fun out in Twickenham last night?
@newboy I'll blow the sun your way, its shining nicely here in Bridgnorth now 
Brighton on a sunny day. Unbeatable  http://twitpic.com/4e8ba
Good morning Guildford! Off to see the Castle today and walk around this lovely place in the sunshine w/ @HoL9142. I am on HOLIDAY! 
just crocheted a flower for her (late) Beltane ritual 
@eddieizzard And the weather is also lovely in Leicester Eddie 
Drinking Lidl 'sugar free stimulation drink'...so classy 
@Kendal_ Yeahh come watch them again  will be fun 
enjoying some peace -  son exploring World of Goo husband flying upside down on kite at Longniddry 
is heading to Brighton tomorrow, on a classic bus. 
@MariahCarey aaaawh your well lucky! I am in Yorkshire it's hot but nothing exciting but lambs and countryside  xxxx ly
@marcthom that's Jess I bought her with me from Yorkshire she is nearly 15 now - she comes from champion sheep dog stock 
is going on a 7 mile walk in Downham! 
@PaulHarriott Of course if Carlisle draw with Millwall, we'll both be happy more or less regardless 
@MechanicalR lol and the advert on xboxlive is making you ultra popular 
@katieparsons Are you back in Leeds tonight?? Lets do breakfast tomorrow if so  xx
holidaaay celebraate - yup enjoying day one of 6 off work  getting ready to go to Anglesey with Mum, sis and the dog tomorrow
wow sunshine in LDN, just about to mooch along to Highgate 
Thanks Alun, a pleasure to meet you 
Anne was awesome last night in Ayr! Just heading up to Inverness for tonights gig 
took a walk to shop at LIDL....its sure nice out  gonna take a nice hike tomorrow to one of the local Castles
@th_in_gs Wow, that looks great - well done! I should come to the Edinburgh meetings and I'd know about these things 
Just drove past Ashlyns house. 
@ Margate's &quot;Gentleman&quot; club  lol jk... or am I??
The climb playing in HMV 
@norfolkdaysout went to Winterton beach today, although there wasn't a massive amount of sun it was still a nice day! 
@jamescousins wow how exciting! I've also seen teenagers walk dogs from Battersea Dogs &amp; Cats Home 
&quot;We are here on earth to do good for others. What the others are here for, I don't know&quot;  W. H. Auden
Simon Cowell..Ant and Dec? Britains got talent 
wow, i wish we had gone to more than two nights of this tour, owell hotel booked for Dalby forrest 
the Spar in Gresford now sell Guinness in pint cans 
Watch this one too: Billy Boyd comes to The Rescue in Edinburgh!  http://tinyurl.com/dnkqe7 and this one too http://tinyurl.com/cltmxj
Currently supporting my buddies at spelling bee competition. Ged made it to the finals! 
Photos of sevens on my flickr include rugby, air ambulance and RAF seaking  It was a good day. Sunburnt a lot - getting ready to go again!
@Ipswich772 cambo rocks 
Sir_Almo: @londicreations alright  
At Fynn's house, being lazy 
Off to Brighton  hope its gonna be a good day.
@SPJewellery I am in Northern Irleland, I came across to Crawley for an event that was happening, had not been in it for over 20 years 
@devilswhore_x I thought most supermarkets were 24hrs too... Tescos is 
@Sir_Almo  I just wanted to know if the music was instant when pressing  play.lol 
taken the caravan to west Wales for the weekend - official tryout before Glasto 
@Midgley Sounds like a busy day weres @jennifalconer at ? are you goin to Manc 4 this secret acting job ?? 
@tommcfly Your gig @ Southend last night was awesome. It was amazing standing and being so close.. Loved every minute of it 
Off to Haldon today for picnic &amp; bike riding.What lovely weather 
@Hel200 it is, I agree! There defo should be packing fairies!! It's been a great weekend thanks  It was gorge in Southend yesterday! Like
@Toxophilist Eileen Eunson char could have 3rd cousins somewhere in Borsetshire; could phone @timbentinck ,if R. Orkney could afford him  
@Bytorsnowdog haha I guess I'll have to.  I think they're out for that Edinburgh fun-run or whatever, to film it.
is shocked that Uist has some sunny weather! ...not complaining though 
I am just havin a chill out day 2 day and off 2 Carlisle 2moro 
@nowherepixie I will be eating soon! but just outside Nottingham, does that count? 
@tommcfly welcome to Ipswich cant wait to see ur concert 2nite 
the Hatton british fans were too arrogant which i guess was a big factor of Hatton's &quot;amazing&quot; loss.. London bridge is FALLING DOWN!! LOL 
@JulianH Echt? Wahnsinn! Sehs grad bei IMDB. 
@ #Tesco, like my fish display?  Lemme know what you think! http://twitpic.com/4h4ga
@Calzer Sorted now 
@Trevelyan_Panda Are you planning a Tesco run any time soon? 
@J_Wakefield good thing i'm not recording the game for later 
@noeljenkins @tonycassidy lol  back from Norfolk coast after quick pint &amp; a craft fair, off to c Kate Rusby @ Theatre Royal, Narch later
I fancy going somewhere when my exams are finished. Like, a day trip to somewhere. Skegness? 
@corcoran You know what, it is a little like heaven, haha. But Bristol is... nice? Right? 
i survived Alfie's graduation 
@kerri_louise LOL cool I'm seeing them in Nottingham forest hopefully  if mums not sick of them after I've seen them next sunday lol x
@AndyBasildon It's no till June and will be in Avebury, Wiltshire 
has just Metrostation'ed it all the way to Tesco  ;)
is enjoying his time in Nottingham with Corrien and the Boardmans!! 
Partying all weekend, the annual Hereford gathering! 
@JUDGESMILER come up to Glasgow! I'm hitting the dancefloor tonight  X
@Velf79 *grins*  You tempt me to grab a plane to Scotland right now and raid Zero, but I'm not that evil, so I guess I won't give in to it
@Anijade I went with Bingley. 
@terryronald hey it's the guy who used to work in Lidl's! 
Whiplash neck still bothering me, so had to go for a lie down after mass. Who put this box of Waitrose chocolate covered biscuits here? 
@Jayde_ I'm off to Roundhay park too  Perhaps not Tropical word since i went last week.
Xmening it up with the rand. Cineworld still shite  http://yfrog.com/3sstwj
@Sir_Almo   I just put that on web with embedde player lol 
@mileycyrus what about your Scottish fans!? 
@david_archuleta You were really good in Ipswich 
@PhilBaker711 Broadmead and Moorland Park are very rough areas.  I am not from here, my real home is Brasov in Romania 
Just run up and down Skirrid Fawr, tired but happy  http://tinyurl.com/cnx6pl
Longleat, Longleat, Longleat! 
going to Glasgow... 
just made it home, time for a shower and some breakie, off out to Blackpool later for some lunch 
@thepioneerwoman - Bingley, just for that practise-the-proposal scene toward the end. So endearing 
HMV opens in half an our...better go get ready 
Watch Lowkey freestyling (and selling his mixtape  on http://tinyurl.com/dev4xh and performing in Norwich tonight
@danijelabaron good morning from Lincolnshire. I could use some exercise also 
I beat 3 bosses in Castelvania 
@Sazchik I'm in Devon this weekend! Cloudy, but dry. 
no food in the cupboards... sent mum to Tesco 
@PinkPixie bugger, that would have been nice but typically, we're heading to Bristol 
@sam_burnett Firmly embedded in her Hampstead constituency then 
@taylorswift13 WOOOOOOOOOO   are you coming to Nottingham at any point?  lovelovelove&lt;3
Morning Beverley! youre like a breath of fresh air on twitterland, have a good day 
http://twitpic.com/4jcfg - About to cycle within this quarry on Shipley glen near Baildon moor before heading back through the woods 
grinning like a Cheshire cat.... ....happy as hell. they made my day  ??
@Sir_Almo shocking isnt it.. hmm... we will stop it.. 
Heading into Glasgow for a rehearsal for my upcoming show 
@andrewdisley @patrick_h_lauke Sefton Park in Liverpool would be good... and 200m down the road from me 
@kimberleymcleod I'm in Brighton and I work in the city - you? 
@dandineen I am UCE, I did my PGCE there   went to Leicester for my main degree though ...
Walking from Teignmouth to Dawlish   http://twitpic.com/4jf4k
Planning to run riot in Luton today! BA HAA!  Not reeeally  where's the library in this (skank) town though?
@MichaelHewitt I'm not posh enough to read Tatler 
@Stormb441 not in this part of Surrey either, feeling quite a bit nippy I must say. Afternoon to you 
@elliottja ha! Apparently I talk with a posh accent according to the ppl I saw in the Shire last+dressed very feminely! Makes you chuckle 
@Djalfy I sound really Brummie lol but most of all I just hate looking at myself! 
@sadknob living quite so close to RAF boulmer that might not be a good thing 
Watching 1st Potter film with kids and eating their sweets  Grotty bank hol weather in Hoylake. Typical !
@Ian_Stokoe I bet! I can imagine how much work it is making a movie. I can't wait to see it 
@davidarchie I couldnt come to see you in Southend on the 2nd as I couldnt get the tickets :[ Ill have to come see you when you solo tour 
@taylorswift13 i wish you could come to Swindon...2 hours away...its my dream to meet you  xoxo
@thisisbenwood -  I wanna go see them in Edinburgh  won't happen though haha , yir lucky! And have funnnn  xxx
@Norbridge Also, using vintage or antique pieces offers a green solution.  No higher form of recycling, in my opinion!  
@omgbas i'm watching CQC a brazilian humor program 
@shaki_sm I'll have a look. Do you live in the centre of Glasgow? I was born on Bellshill &amp; grew up in Bothwell. I miss Tunnocks pies  
@Tittch The sweet Swiss Toblerone does his best to come soon and meet fabulous Rita in Chichester 
Going to Leeds 
&quot;Thick as pig shit - went to Oxford&quot; - Helena's (Cantab) friend's description of me to her boyfriend, yesterday... 
@alexwaddell I love Broughty Ferry 
Our kids are both in a Derbyshire schools string concert at the Buxton Opera House today. They're both quite excited 
@BrookeAmanda YEP  it'll be awesome to the max =] haha
@FM1079Oxford A 25 year old zebra with wind? Lol 
shopping in Keswick 
@looosie Agfest? it was pretty awesome.. loads of people were there lol 
@tommcfly You were all soooo good last night at Leicester! And we broke the record!! Thanks soo much for an amazing night 
Walking through Lion Wood, Norwich. It's a lovely day  http://twitpic.com/4wvg7
@annaliequando I was visiting customers in Lancaster, Liverpool and Preston. Back home now. 
7k in 41:31. I was hoping for 42:00 and the uphills at Blenheim are evil so well chuffed. 
@jimmycarr im coming to your show in Soton today  you should try a brill restaurant - its called Nicks, and its opposite Debenhams! 
Tesco's is so dodgey, customers are all effin' retarded I swear ... I got a buff donut though, I think it was banana flavoured but iuno 
@Yorksville shop on Barnsley market, unlabelled tins 5p , like a lucky dip, open enough and your bound to find something good 
@vicissitudes2 Gin lovely with tonic &amp; a slice of lemon, a refreshing summer drink  I'm not Welsh btw and I don't drink ... uhhh umm lol
My #openhacklondon hack http://dbtune.org/openhacklondon/Brighton (or any city name). Limited to 10 results because slow 
Getting to put in The Royal Tenebaums  Yay.
@Harkaway 
I going back to Egham. 
loves Oli Townend and is happy he's finally won Badminton! 
Colne valley challenge finished few hours ago... Now to have a bath then eat every thing in site 
@pau_mi_de_se_ Taplow, a place in Slough, here in UK 
&lt;3 Bury me with my guitar and all the way to hell i'll play.. &lt;3 &gt;&gt; Amazing .. 
At yummy party in Blackheath 
@kazaalexander  The tradition up here is we supply our own birthday cake at work so I'm putting together some Bakewell Tarts 
@ohmforce Congrats from all here at GCHQ 
@sd751202 Blenheim Palace is well worth the entrance fee. If you have never been then make your detour tomorrow 
@sarahlawer haha, cute! I spent Fall of 2007 in Scotland. miss it so much 
@xxandip I've been up since 3 damn Glasgow airport!! 
Bath. It's amazing how weak in the knees she makes me 
@thunderheist absolutely fantastic gig, please come back to Edinburgh soon, I was the guy with the hand made thunder shirt. 
@nipper6 going to Scotland today for a week long trek through the highlands, with a tent and a portable stove 
My TV show is on NAO!  gooooo watch eeet &gt;_&gt; channel 6, 12, 19, 29, and 56 in so cal whut 
@sweynh *waving to Orkney*  
Morning tweeps, hope you are all sunny and happy,  Where r u all, in bed sleepn or smethng - it's 8.30am in the Burgh - x
I've to take my broken amp back to Leeds this morning as we're gigging tonight at the Spitfire in Rastrick. See you all there 
Pls nominate us at a Bristol Sainsburys. Not Bristol based pls print off form post it to us &amp; we'll submit it for you  http://bit.ly/Pi3E0
@Calzer yeah, would be perfect without an hour at DHQ! But we're heading to Edinburgh and to IKEA so looking up again!!!  What you up to?
@joscelyn NESTA, thanks, me too 
@barneyausten never nice though seeing solicitors, or accountants.... 
@pandaeyes82 yeah looking forward to saturday, would be revenge when the gunners won the league at Old Trafford 
Off to Walkerton, Humber, U of T and the Eaton Centre 
@MsPonita Nobby's Nuts is a brand of nuts... proof to follow 
Watching The Apprentice on iPlayer. Re-branding Margate - bit of a challenge. 
Thinking about going to Lidl 
@Ipswich772  yehp sky sports one and hd one 
@msalonen there was no queue at the one in Clapham Jctn. mmm... chicken teriyaki 
@Waterstones ebook included?? I'm betting not but worth checking 
http://twitpic.com/5cgt8 - A beautiful morning to ride in to Scotland on. It's a little chilly, but absolutely splendid sunshine 
@tourscotland I can agree... We are in Aberfeldy today 
The reactions to mr. Lynton are pretty comprehensive, nothing much to add 
@ziggychip how was ga? I'm jealousgoing for another half hour workout in a minute. I WILL be skinny for Aled 
@KimSherrell LOL great, now I can never go to Scotland again @snedwan I don't make the rules, dude...I just delight in them 
Thanks to everyone for all the donations. Now contemplating last chance training cycle to Oxford and back (70 miles) but is bloody cold 
@Gutshot yes, it is quite good indeed 
@Yorksville no I'm seeing them at Hampden in Glasgow, always a treat! 
Speen had a great day 
ok don't get this biology table, lol and that the last piece for the lab and then i'd be finish. I think I'll ask Abbey tomorrow 
@dderbydave 2 for a pound in Tesco 
is on her way to St. Peregrine.  good afternoon! [phplurk.com] http://plurk.com/p/ub3q7
@modom hi modom, welcome to Yorkshire forums  hope you enjoy em!
#3hotwords shower NAO please  (with her of course)
@alwaysbeenyou it starts at 1  Gareth Gates is on it too.
Another blowy day where is all this wind coming from?  Wolferine tonight /Pennine fishing tomorra its a hard life.
@ikki_oo ooh sorry - not been on twitter for a few days... 2 jobs:  NHS IT Consultant and my own web design business 
@labeet I just went to the farmers market in Palmerston road, got some nice sausages and some rabbit 
Finshed training - 6 Miles in 18:39 not tooo shabby  Now to settle down with a pint to watch footie 
@vero Suns out over Duxford - should be fine 
@solangeknowles Would love to see you do a gig in Cardiff, Wales one day!!!   Any plans??
i have been taken captive in cardiff  no complaints
@lameymacdonald  Don't get jealous  but it's sunny here in Scotland 
@garyshort see you soon. I believe drive from Edinburgh to home takesins 
It's sunny   for once in Dundee....
@exampleyoutwit My video of you in Brighton, it focuses after 7 seconds  http://bit.ly/JboD7
@carocat Lemon cheese cake  Sainsbury's own brand which was surprising.
@lilyroseallen even better than Glastonbury? 
@Group51UK Originally a thing called the Norwich 100 (it's on the web). I think I'll do the Norwich 50 though 
bumble bee hemp plant hanger  http://bit.ly/a2WYG
Just landed in Plymouth. Next stop Newquay  just waiting to take off again.
@Gime_Radcliffe yeah...kinda. but we're more into the importance of communication in things. 
&quot;i think she will like me&quot;- Maddison Buzer about @taylorswift13 ... quote of the day 
#flylady Breaded pork chops/chips in oven, cauli pn, table set. Going to call my Mum in Scotland - 74 years young today! 
Has been playing with the Dundee flicker group. Was lots of fun if I do say so myself 
@ramdomthoughts Wye aye bonny lad 
Looking at Wolfram Alpha. WOW! What a vision. Doesn't speak Welsh though. Tried my Welsh word of the day and it got a little confused 
@MikeHadfield Uni! Where else? Hopefully Royal Holloway, or if i get in Guildhall or various other drama/music places 
@pauljchambers is that all u got, typical Leeds fan 
@lpfashionista Coomb's manager... well, I just wish we could &quot;steal her away&quot;   because she was the absolute best
Juliette Lewis was at Concorde 2 in Brighton last night. She can act,she can sing.She is wicked 
Bath time 
Watch ITV1 tonight at 9pm!!  Guernsey is on Martin Clunes' show! 
ITV Tyne Tees &amp; Border: I've enjoyed Tim Backshall presenting this weekend -  they must simply rotate between .. http://rly.cc/xjN9C
getting ready for the drive in with Devon                  ILoveYouSoMuchDevon&lt;3
I was volunteer acting manager today at one of the Oxfam shops I volunteer at...am happy to report shop still standing when I left. 
is feeling very tired after a rock n roll weekend in Bournemouth 
@Merrygold_babee hehe  x ?eah, later on the? are&lt;3
@justads I should have been Branston pickle instead of brown sauce, but I'm all out. 
@moonfrye ... Where?  The pub???    
@blufairy well if you see a tall Welshman struggling along then it's likely to be me 
@stevemosby  already all booked up... there's no chance of me not being in Harrogate... 
@coconaoko You should have some Yorkshire pudding to brighten it up. 
had a great day in Battersea park with Merlin 
@smilne21 Queen of the South! haha!  bf is a Celtic fan, falkirk train at my uni and i love Barrowman n Imrie for ICT lol  x
@KatherineHelena Bangor in Wales, thats my first choices and Liverpool John Moores Uni are my second choice 
finally back in good ol' Wirksworth! 
@MoocherGirl  @TraceyMmm I quite like Southbank 
@STFUppercut yep at Brixton Academy  lol when they madeus kneel on the floor I was thinking shit I won't be able to get back up 
@BoogieTheMags lets have a chat later about St P then (hug).. hope the MA interview goes well - you can do it 
@regebro i brought some Aberfeldy 12yrs from the duty free  it's my new favorite and i look forward to your comments!
Joined Paul on the West Yorkshire section of the Strawbale building tour yesterday afternoon 
Morning!   Just recovering from our fantastic #property networking event in Guildford yesterday.  Review the highlights on #4wallmtg.
@danceoffmychest watchng that one dies every week show on ten so good x. Sounds alot like Neighbours...  
@CPDScotsman cool use of the wall, gotta dash to Inverness then Stirling (in that order?!) leave a comment later 
@Splodz sure it'll be good- Peterborough is a nice area too. And I guess the awning is only a base for you so chance to get out and chill 
@Beadypool thank you Veryan 
morning everyone  hope you all had good weekends, I want to the Yorkshire Dales and Tropical World! was totally tropical
good morning all...it is wet and windy in Scotland this morning but we are used to it..never fear 
lots of weekend fun, Heaver Castle, Chartwell, Christie's http://bit.ly/EpbhL , and  even an appearance at church 
gettin' ready to go to Primark 
@MollieOfficial  haha its not exciting for you, but i'm coming to see you guys at Leicester and i'm mega excited! haha 
@mopoke Thameslink strangely and unusually efficient for me this morning 
#musicmonday - Paulo Nutini - Candy - http://bit.ly/17f19K   Glasgow boy made good 
@paulmartinsmith we used ATG back in 1998 for Vauxhall.co.uk it always had interesting personalization rules 
Heading home from Gainsborough soon. I may cycle to Asda when I'm back to drop off some rolls of film for developing 
back from a weekend of fun in Edinburgh. I really wish I had an extra day to recover... although I do now own a couple of lovely whiskies 
can't wait to finish this boring shift and get down to the gym!  #fitnessfirst #Norwich
@evelienonline YES!!! What a bargain! Bristol is perfect! WOW!! 
@laseno goodmornig darlin! here the sun shine... and in Leeds?? 
@NZWineDog And about time ... did you get to Raglan after all that? We are all waiting with bated breath 
Leaving Victoria on Oxford Tube. Next stop lunch! 
@scenariogirl You want a Speyside or Highland single malt - Cragganmore, Oban being two good options 
can see sun in Bexhill today  Woop!
@suziperry I will be watching or recording  TGS tonight and if Beverley is on too  how can any of us miss it 
!@littledotty I didn't even realise Sheppey had any tearooms  I only ever go to Tesco's and I haven't been to the other coastal towns..
#VFTH The last phone split (2 shops 1 phone each) were 2 of the 3 not in the top 10 uk cities by population (Reading &amp; Cardiff).... bah 
We have landed in Cambridge   http://twitpic.com/5f51c
cross-stitching while catching up on MOTD and now Eurovision. shh dont tell anyone - the depression fairy appears to still be in Brighton 
@electrogirl_x3 But then I wouldn't be allowed in to Downfield. teehee. 
@robluketic Send some Scotland's way please!!! 
@technotrotter Off to Scotland for some big hills near Glencoe 
says YFC camp was real fuuun.  http://plurk.com/p/ujdbi
@DonnieWahlberg Sounds like the cruise was a big success, wish i was there!  When are you's coming back to Scotland?   
@MeltedMoment weather will be wonderful in Minehead!! 
@CeeGeeJewellery I love your website and jewellery! I used to live in Middlewich - Cheshire's a great part of the country 
@Real_Yorkshire perhaps you and @culturevultures could follow each other 
Edinburgh Castle here I come 
@profound_feline agreed, I thought he played the part really well  good old Ewan
Westminster Abbey~wonderful~ Buckingham Palace~wow &amp; Parliament Square 
@lucymayhind Just to let you know (as i am sat in the Hudd) it is drizzly, bring umbrella 
@webdesigngirl It's out in Ipswich  Quite a nice day here actually
Off to Brighton in a bit just out of bed 
@taufikn naww.... BERGKAMP'S!!!!! against Leicester 
@red_annie oh I go as often as possible. Bradford's lovely too. 2 trains for me, it's an all day thing. 
going for a coffee at Neighbours with my girls 
Preparing for Luton Hospital interview. 
My walk home in Oxford   http://twitpic.com/5oghz
Morning all! Sunglasses on this morning! Devon's fab! 
Beautiful morning in Glasgow...after aqua natal class this morn, plan to go for meandering stroll around the walled garden @ HFAL. 
Beautiful morning in Glasgow...after aqua natal class this morn, plan to go for a meandering stroll around the walled garden @ HFAL. 
Off to Breadsall Priory today for a lovely relaxing day 
@rgoodchild @silkehartung But she snogged Stuart from Shortland St in the Toxic video 
Gonna get me a fry up at Tesco, Stockport 
Brighton today. Minibreak starts now! 
http://twitpic.com/5ohy9 - Neighbourhood kitty needs a tummy rub. 
@theSmaw I can tell that you don't get the bus in from Brixton 
@jimmycarr  Doncaster is the best!!!
@CheekyNath Newcastle are so rubbish @onlineanalytics see you both next season when the mighty Leicester whup your asses 
I made it to the train, with some sprinting through Paddington station! En route to Worcester reading new @netmag 
@Herne I did wish i had those at that very moment  
best cycle rides in Scotland go to www.routes2ride.org.uk or for Wales go to www.routes2ride.org.uk/wales sites by Precedent 
Honours show and Dare meeting today then some classic drinking in Dundee. Old skool 
@palkanetoijala indeed. Was at Harrow &amp; Wealdstone too, so not far from Canon's Park either really 
is off to watch Neighbours. 
Hallo Wales, can I get a witness 
Hallo Wales, can I get a witness 
undergrad degree show today.  one of my favourite work days of the year.  I am so very proud of the Sussex '09 BA MPT finalists! 
Morning all! It's a gorgoeus day in Cornwall. I might take my son and our dog for an ice-cream and a walk around the moat 
@Alfie either that or we're all borderline EMO deep down 
got my tickets to see @comptontrash in Bristol  bought them as a B-day pressent for myself LOL
@nrichardson Ahhh yes, tis a lovely place. We like St martin very much - great ice cream shop there 
@josiefraser if you come across any Yorkshire and Humber folks then please let me know so I can stalk them, in a nice way  #lcict09
@Swineshead @calvinharris @AQA63336 @thedailydust @Brewrecords @bobbyllew @AxisPaul for a fairly eclectic #FollowFriday 
I Really want to go home :'( I'm really excited about Brighton thou  2 days to go  WOOOOOOOOOP WOOOOOOOOP
On the way to Nottingham to go shopping 
Eeee, excited for tommorrrow! Grantham here I come! Hopefully there's some nice people/familyy theree, 
Sitting in Fazeley for the start of the Mudlark #postdigital day. Just had to try out the bubble machine 
#followfriday @LePetitSquare French cafe in the heart of Newbury. Special discount for those who follow them. 
Advanced party is leaving Harrogate  should be at gilwell for 5pm
Has been asked to cover Glastonbury - fuck yeah! 
@sc_mu spend my day with Xin'g &gt; sex all day  )) see ya later &gt; ask ur GIs 2 be removal men .ok 4 Bournemouth this weekend 
@WildlifePhotog yep, latest expense claim in is from a tyre shop in Frimley! 
http://twitpic.com/5oll7 - We are on board....The Mini stored with the other Minis.... England here we come! 
Is off down Porthcawl later &amp; can't wait either! Gunna be awesome, the dancefloor better look out! x 
@ladybug8320 we are dancing twice, a bit of a festival in Welshpool, 'Strictly Ballroom' monday night, should be fun 
@aliteralgirl I celebrated my Oxford two year aniversary just under two weeks ago 
Off shopping to Oxford St in a bit with lisaaa. Looking forward to tonight gonna be mentaaaaal!   
@harryadams Hiya - I've been to Newport a few times - and have shots on my flickr from there - good to meet you 
Is off to Cardiff tomorrow to see John Barrowman in concert 
@marcflores But that's Paddington now Pooh! Paddington is hardcore &amp; would so lick Pooh's arse &amp; don't you forget it 
Off to Devon 
@get_the_juice  welcome to Peterborough 
@GarethCliff Gareth, Durban is heavenly today.  
@kingsplace Cheshire moon... Leaves its grin behind 
@Aled25 a virgin mary! I love bloody marys 
And you too @Broseley sorry if we missed you - big welcome and thanks for following! 
is out working in Cambridgeshire-it's sunny today 
Salmon will be there too    http://tr.im/m5oP  Our clients include Argos, Halfords, Boots, Scotts and Co, Ann Summers &amp; Homebase +more
Wow lots of interesting stuff on twitter and facebook. But gotta do some other work now.... Dull day in Yaxley  but warm 
some more.... @Bmycharity @Booktrust @BornFreeMedia (again naturally  ) @bullyinguk (a great cause) @CatsProtection (from the big cats )
@jamopo Leicester???? I've heard of that place... Have they got a footie team? 
Carn the Docker's!!! I can feel a win headed our way 
@OliverPhelps Me and decorating don't mix. I can tell you that's it's sunshine and blue skies in Edinburgh 
is excited that the main sample album from #Loxley has arrived. Looks awesome 
huge good luck to both of you, may you fly tomorrow, I'll be at mile 22 in spirit, and thinking of you as take icy dip in Otley tomorrow 
@moanyboot enjoy ur diggin' - what's the weather like for you in Coatbridge? 
@Newmarket ??????????????????????? 
On way to airport Oxford traffic worse than ever. Decent run this morning. Off to Edinburgh 
Fuck it, I'm gonna go out in Bournemouth tonight whether James decides to come with me or not 
Blackpool tonight 
To my Burgh tweeps, would anyone know of a good walk-in nail salon downtown?! 
@jerrybarnett ooh yes please! I likes ideas, storms, coffees AND world taking overness! Sounds great! Lunchtime, Warren St area tomozza? 
Is going to Castle Drogo for a walk with my father 
@Roaders @mrsroaders thank youuuuuuu 
@ewancotter Eugh! That's vile, dirty cricketers.....hope you have higher standards Ewan 
@MrHudson definately come back to Bristol soon 
On train to Edinburgh 
@AndyBursh Whitby is about an hours drive from Middlesbrough. 
Is waiting to go to Tesco soon 
@SUAREASY thanks for a great show in Nottingham the other night  and for the hug and signing my ticket lol  see yhoo on sunday!!  xx
@mathie to be fair, I don't think they realised just how outside of Edinburgh it was too 
@mazylady  it was 1 of those giant smartie covered ones from Waitrose 
is watching @plumtunes dancing around madly at the Leith FM studio!  http://bit.ly/8xXau
@eponymouscom Given the fluidity of line-up changes how about #fantasyfrost     10-1 Martin Orford joins before Chrimbo...
Shire horse + children = disastrous potential  http://twitpic.com/5owfn
@StudlyMcbuff yeah but you're still a Lancashire lad at heart 
@emyaugustus hi mrs. tea junky, do you know where Devon von trap might be?  she should follow me.
I have arrived in Wycombe, sun started shining as soon as I got past Banbury, lovely  Looking forward to the weekend ahead 
@Hove09 thanks a lot! 
The sun is shining today and Georgian terraced homes of Belgravia look even more cosy than ever 
with Aled 
&quot;britannia nutri-choice 5 grain&quot; is the most amazing biscuit  i have ever had.. thank you Britannia 
No more Swinburne classes for 9 months 
@amacisaac SAWEEEET. I am sure we know mutual peeps  Was born in Inverness, lived in Oxford for 8 yrs, then father was transferred to ONT.
@Gutshot good  good 
up at 5:30am  off to Edinburgh today 
@misterdevans haha! No worries. We drove to Folkestone and ten drove our car straight onto the train. It really is easy 
half a day at work then off to Wychwood 
1 more week til my holiday in Brighton - can't wait to see all the old crew 
@Glebe2037 someone had a disagreement with a chocolate shop...  clearing up now 
Going to Newstead Abbey today, YEY!! 
Looks like the summer has arrived in Lancashire 
@JohnnyCupcakes The Mayfair is swish, location is good, within walking distance of Piccadilly, Buckingham Palace and all the good stuff. 
It's a boootiful morning in Oxfordshire 
@heathcliffej errrr isn't every day a rest day for you?  Had an amazing meal out at the Ledbury in Notting Hill last night.Drank too much
@MyLifeinLeeds I will, vice versa too. I'm documenting Leeds in photos, postcode by postcode. 
Is sitting on a bench in the hot sunshine at Berkswell station waiting for the train to Birmingham. #bsmc 
... anyone looking for a bit of TLC over the IOW festival period? We are now offering trailer B&amp;B at our Bembridge site for that weekend 
Glorious morning going over Waterloo bridge with the sun glistening off the Thames...today will be a good day! 
@jakechew Penge ng contact bek interviewhin ko lang 
Blackpool here we come messy weekend here we come  x
Its a bit cloudy yet but the weatherman promised sunshine. No place nicer than Scotland when the sun shines 
what a gorgeous day!!   Perfect for Pimms by the Thames, if it weren't for work...
Feeling grateful   Last night 'A complicated melody' was well received.  Thx Croydon Communicators.  1 more to go &amp; I'll have my Bronze.
Celebratory brunch at McD's (Pitsea) after a very complimentary trip to my GP for 'MOT' results. 
On the way to Surrey for a wedding, bored 15minutes intothe 5hour car journey, talk 
Looking forward to a mini-break in Isle of Wight with friends this weekend. The weather - sun and more sun... 
