Most common words for this cluster:
[('day', 352), ('week', 40), ('tomorrow', 12), ('school', 8), ('one', 8), ('amp', 6), ('lol', 6), ('today', 5), ('b', 5), ('inside', 4), ('u', 4), ('office', 3)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'day', 0.9964463710784912), (u'week', 0.6668265461921692), (u'days', 0.6312785744667053), (u'morning', 0.6166096329689026), (u'month', 0.6067839860916138), (u'hours', 0.5763701796531677), (u'afternoon', 0.5650603771209717), (u'weekend', 0.5349931120872498), (u'hour', 0.5347490906715393), (u'time', 0.527686357498169)]





Even a four day week seems too long  I want to stay in bed!
doesn't want to go to school tomorrow. it's the last day, but it's also twyla's day off 
@DanaEatsYou   hahaha im sorry  i didnt mean to. and you're supposed to film the day of silly! thats cheating doing it the day before!
its a beautiful day. guess where i am.... at the big 2...all day. 
@MichelleRenee14 I couldn't because it was in jersey and during the day....I was filming all day 
It's been the longest day ever! I still haven't eaten a thing all day 
What a beautiful day!  Too bad I have to spend all day cleaning my house 
I'm getting fatty, lazzy and dumbdumb day by day.. 
U kno this day is not going so well i would have had a much better day at home 
Last day of the break...  I should use this day very efficiently.
My day, has anyone seen my day? I can't find it anymore. If you see it, tell it to come back. 
2 day is the day i have 2 ring vet 
@truehigh doh! I was out so long &amp; late 2day &amp; missed it.   If u rly love me u can do it again on the day of the #GlobalMarijuanaMarch ;-)
wishing the day was about 15 hours longer so i could fit more into it! 90% of people said that if the day was longer, they would work. 
Another day another headache......day 6 
@PembsDave had a bad day, craving tantrums. Hoping it's just the odd day, and doesn't progressively worsen day by day 
@baby__jane  no one will celebrate my day so i just trashed it. i'll have my day another day.
@morebacon sad I missed it   boo for working a 7 day week
is it rely mothers day? lol!!! i swear that was in like march!  or is it just american mothers day....so confused :s
mother's day is a sad day for me.. 
@maeviegray aw no its not here yet I sent off for it though  probably next week! so shal I just ring you tomoro and see you another day? x
My day was cool @colormebadyello although i worked all day and dint have a mommy to share it wit 
Holidays getting boring day/day 
is gonna have a sad day... last full day of high school... 
Not really enjoying my 5 day weekend that started 2day 
went into over time so now i have the day off with no plans  i must make a good day of this lol
awww the first not-nice day of senior week   what ever shall we do since it's too windy for kanjam
Last day of my week off 
some comdeian said the other day that hard as you try one day you realise that you can still dance - jbut ust as an old person - its true 
@taylorswift13 i miss the last day i saw her, i wish i could just rewind to that day and be with my best friends as well! 
Whackest day of the week 
Last day at All Saints! It's a sad day! 
Last day as a nanny. It will be a sad day 
I'm the only person who would forget about jean day at Hitcents 
In all day 2day sadly  listening to stupid music lol
@juscallmejordyn goodnight (for you;) i lovvve you!!! sweet dreams. my day is just beginning... another day without you and @wowimalisha 
mmm much better day... so far! it's still quite early. last day of #uds 
is sad to go to work cuz it's TermiNeda's last day...and little monkey's last day too 
1 week and 1 one day to go. 
My last full day of even day classes. I'm a little sad 
Having a bad day/week 
Off to bed early tonight....It's been a long week even with one less day 
morning all what a good day 2day........ But I have to stay in and revise 
graduation day. i can't fucking believe this day is actually here; bittersweet 
Its such a beautiful day and I'm stuck inside working all day 
we seem to have lost our day    oh day, where are you going?
working on the hottest day so far  had to stay inside all day
sooooo tired and not have a very good day  and i have to work 2morrow 
this day turned into not such a good day. tear 
Each day I hope is the day turns out a disappointment and I realize I just don't mean that much to you anymore... 
Today is the worst day in a really long time. 
last day of summer. tomorrow is another day, another day to start my worst day 
this is going to be the longest day ever  and it's my least favorite day of the week. fml.
such a nice day and no one to spend it with 
My day is filling up quickly again - 2 bbq's!!  might be another no gym day again 
@elzXP noo  hey its almost time for our day before the last day of school sleepoverrr!
Lounging by my pool all day ...simply amazing I don't want this day to end 
@yoorishin why does your perfect day have to be the one day we haven't hung out 
Goodmorning, again a lovely day! I also wanted to come with my friends to Giethoorn! But I have to work out, and go to a b-day 
Last day of waffel week 
am turning out to be lazy day by day..!  anyone there to help me get out of laziness?? ... yawwwnnn.. boring day! :-|
Thinking a 12 hr. day boze cruzn, not the smartest thing when you work the next day!!!!! 
In bed, relaxing...big day at school...last day tomorrow 
@jamiemp ahhh no drunkness the 1st day of the week 
The day just gets better by the minute! Aagghh! 
Today would be the perfect day to stay in bed and sleep all day. ...too bad I can't 
@britgeekgrrl every day is a bad day in my office 
What a great day ! I love apna #dilli !! So sad I'm only here for a day 
i had such a lovely day with a friend. however i don't feel she had as good of a day 
What an awesome day here, the hottest day of the year so far! And even hotter tomorrow!!!!!!! except I'm stuck in my office all day  
had a very boring day alone with no one to talk to 
@jheanettp yeah...taking it day by day 
Haha! I can't stop thinkin 'bout him day by day. 
it is not a day to be office day, it is a day to be fun day.... and I have meetings...  and emails... of course
the day was toppp!  i already miss my little brother  it's just for one day but it's not the same..
Has no one to fish with, sad day 
man stupid myspace is not lettin me log in...2day is not my day 
No day off in a solid 3 weeks and no day off that I foresee anytime soon 
so this whole week was so fun! but 2day was fun and sad  last day of school, and summmers here! i miss every1 already! 
Last day before the last week 
@xtianl me too. i'm so bummed you're getting your license the day AFTER i leave!!!  hangout the day i come home?
had a nice day off. I get to work ALL day tomorrow though. 
Just woke up and I don't want to stand up cuz this day will be a hard day for me...    
I feel like hitting up the beach day afeter day after day  sigh- I wish.
seeing the d-day without know why is called the d-day 
Gorgeous day outside .... I've spend the entire day inside 
This day has completely spiraled out off control! Just waaayyy 2 much excitement!!! r u ready, laundry day  watching 24 helped this day!
@7726 what a yummy day! but sadly not for me since it's almost 3 am of the next day 
Having a bad day! It was so sunny out and I had to stay inside so I pouted all day 
My follower be lose every day 
I had my nephew all day and now he is gone and I miss him  even though he was grumpy all day
2 day is family day 
Such a pretty day! Too bad I'm inside until 4. Last day with danielle.  she will be missed
Not having a good day... Or week. 
the real world of working  . At least I'm working three day this week. 
Really need to sleep....big day ahead of me tomorrow and the day after! 
@AceyBongos grr my 1 day off of the week too 
boring day 2day  housework 
@kelbow darling I'm sorry  just do whatever gets you through the day. One day you'll wake up and it'll hurt a little bit less x
2day first day at school 
@weddingtidbits Isn't  the first day of camp just fun! it's the youngest first day and she wasn't too happy about me leaving 
@xlbinney at least you dont have to walk all day then put up a tent  then walk again the next day which its supposed to be raining then 
Why has no one been on WoW all day? 
Another week starts and it's an incredibly dull and lazy day 
every day seems to be a headache day. 
@Dominicanachula I'm airight...feeling lonely...was a tough day 2day! 
awww i was gone alllllllllllll day and no one even missed me  boooooo hoooooo!
i can't wait until my day off this week 
Tday is not my greatest day... Today is a horrible day 
Last day with friends......   ...sad day!
other than that....it's laundry day  the day i hate but the aftereffects i love.
I had a s**t day a skwl 2day.got 3 detentions 
Is BUMMED it's suppose to rain all day tomorrow...it's our last full day here too. 
first tweet of the day. the day is not getting any shorter. 
this hasn't been a very productive day for me...  and i don't see the week being much better
what a sunny day! but I'll be the whole day at university.. 
Sometimes I wake up and think maybe...just maybe...it will be nice for a second day in a row...for the whole day. Today was not that day. 
@ChrisCarlinSNY me neither  &amp; it's supposed to be the only dry day this week!
I would KILL for a day off this week...but no, that's not going to happen. 
@dirtodra what day?!  i want to go!!!  i work all day saturday though 
good day. tomorrow is the last day of school. only 2hrs. 
no one remembered my b day 
@StevenABallmer  I remember where I was the day he died on 7/4/03. A sad day for music. 
@sfannah I can't now, cos I've woken up. It's depressing, on a week day I always wake up at 7am 
Morning twits, another day another...long day  keep it real.......
this day is the worst day of my life!!!! i don't know who will i trust now!!!! 
last day in nanjing--so much to do! i need another week here. 
@sweetface35 I'm sorry. You were having such good day with the last day of school 
@PizaSeven I wouldn't mind the $35 for the week.. if it wasn't ONLY 1 hour out of the day   That's just completely absurd!
According to forecast, there will be one sunny day in the next week 
It is finally sunny and suppose to be a good day and I have to work all day 
why does this half to be the day ,, the day where i cant stop thinking about you 
@jakehumphreyf1 been looking out for you all day but had no luck  an enjoyable day otherwise
Last day of senior week 
i miss min already  tried not to think of him the whole day, just like trying to starve the whole day, only to suffer at night.
Today is officially the happiest day of the year! So now it can only get worse 
boooooooooo been moving all day. so tired  and we r not evn done yet. day two of new apartment begins tomorrow...
Why am I up so early on my only day off this week? 
Getting ready to go to a wedding, miserable day for it  His day will be wonderful though I'm sure.
I have the day off but I lost my voice yeaterday so I can't talk. How worse could my day possibly get 
had a bad day--too many blunders for one day  !!
no one said the third day would be ther worst! i thought i would be all better by now 
@kreacheryl its the day before fathers day and i work at hallmark so i HOOOPE i'm not bored 
a wish i could turn on the radio one day and find a great new song.....one day it will happen one day 
just working away wanting the day to be over so I can go and lay in my bed to bad the one and only person I want there can't be there! 
@ASLANmedia that's what i asked myself the whole day  what do you think about the events of this day so far?
@paraDylan And pay day is middle of next week 
Watching tv and being hyped about go skate day tomorrow....too bad it's the same day as fathers day  still going skating
this was a really good day.  and then a really really bad day.  and that's always worse.  because you just remember it as crap 
our 1st wedding anniversary &amp; father's day... what a day! too bad i'm working 
the one day a week i get to sleep in and i don't get to at all 
home alone, day 3. boooring. can't sleep all day  i tried.
I have had a rough day. I know this week will be so sad 
I very much dislike all day storms because of them I could slepp all day 
this day is such a bore. 
@imagiag every single day the past week. 
I feel horrible and 2day is gng 2 b a longggg day! No voice 
up early missin my baby  but 2day will b a good day I can feel it. yes! (
Not a good day for the beach.  its been raining off and on all day.
@sarfoodie awwww! was thinking of you all day yesterday-hope day#1 was great!! 
One day i will accomplish my mission and when that day comes i will be content 
{yayyy}2 excited its another b-e-a-utiful day!!! park day again!!! 
@PurpleHazeYobi i feel u lol i know this reply is freaking old gurr lol but d u go out 2day beutiful day out uujoo is banging wether 
Starting the day.  3 day work week.  
@PopDaddy this and that mostly  working, day-to-day nonsense. the usual. how you doin?
Up  nice day the day...
@STOConnor will call you-had a rough day! Hopefully ur day was good  I didn't forget!!!
well, another day is here...and im blessed to be up 2 greet it. i do more b4 9am than most people do all day.  
@asialakay LOL my day was spent doing wat i love! yay! u have a nice day though 
It's my first mother's day and I forgot this day included me too 
it's a beautiful day for mother's day 
its a beautiful day! its definitely a creek day! 
had a great day yesterday.. 2 movies in one day 
is heading to work, what a beautiful day! note to clients, please don't fuck this day up for me 
is waiting for tomorrow, the day after and the day after. 
@brandynz  top of the world one day...one day...
One day and three and a half hours till I leave hell and go to heaven... i know they would accept me one day 
one more day until the green day ablum comes out  yesss ahhh!
a day of listening to music is a day well spent 
that made my day. my week 
People try to grow up so quick. I say take life day by day 
@LisaErspamer hey-any day you get out and run, let alone FINISH a run is a good day 
Woohoooooooooooooooooooo! @AshleyLTMSYF totally made my day/week! 
@ronanofficial 1 week 2day  excited excited excited
3.25 day week! 
So many e-mails to catch up on after a day off! But what a day off it was 
all day drinking sesh 2day  x
@magslhalliday it's last day for yr 11, the traditional 'dress as you dare' day 
last day of the week 
i think if i didnt have music in my life id be a very sad girl, it helps me when i have a bad day &amp; makes a good day even better 
@rcy600  good morning &amp; Yw  have a great day &amp; weekend, how is peyton 2day? is she eatting?
Most productive day so far this week and it's not even noon 
morning  new day and i have a day off from work!!     I LIKE 
I hope you realize you made my day, I'm so happy I got to see you, can't wait til next week  hopefully sooner ..
it's late for me... sorry but it wasnt a good day. i hope tomorrow will be a better day 
