Most common words for this cluster:
[('day', 1420), ('today', 127), ('green', 102), ('quot', 69), ('weekend', 66), ('http', 65), ('tomorrow', 58), ('work', 54), ('i', 54), ('fathers', 51), ('com', 50), ('willie', 48)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Day', 0.9594385027885437), (u'Transforming_Lives_Every', 0.6494455337524414), (u'Dumbass_Quote', 0.6376329064369202), (u'SILive.com_Comment', 0.6177342534065247), (u'Happy_Belated', 0.6092022657394409), (u'Happy_Hump', 0.6074101328849792), (u'WestportNow_Teardown', 0.5990402698516846), (u'Week', 0.5980309844017029), (u'Squirrel_Appreciation', 0.5950343012809753), (u'Days', 0.5869383215904236)]





Meat Week Day 3: Tummy hurts every night 
@Willie_Day26 hommmmeeworrkkk  boooo hope you fellas had a good night
Day is frantic - being shotgunned with lots of work requests all at the same time - running out of hands 
@Willie_Day26 u won't be singin that song lmao (smh) its soooo embarassing but it is cold and snow on the ground  hope y'all enjoy the  D
On the train.. Day 2.. 2 more to go.. No coffee today 
Day 2 of wisdom teeth pain won't end 
Day two of training a tech who doesn't even know ctrl-c.  He's probably not lasting here. 
I am so mad that I am missing University Day today because of my stupid internship 
 My head is hurting, my throat is sore, I can't hear the Day26 leak, the Day26 album on Amazon is fuc*ing expensive, I have homework :'(
Time Off Day 2: Just got back from my time out, i am so tired of being skint, no good news at the bank  May watch another zombie film now.
@Willie_Day26  I want to see you guys really bad tonight, I haven't had the pleasure of seeing ya'll perform live yet 
Day 1 of the MS150 cancelled!  And no camping in La Grange.    All I want to do is ride.
@technicalwriter aka St George's Day - the universally uncelebrated National Day of England 
.I won't be going to the A-Day game if it's raining because of the pathetic no-umbrella-rule in Bryant-Denny. And it is raining now. 
Week 6 Day 1 - 25, 30, 20, 15, 45 http://hundredpushups.com I've actually moved backwards because of poor results on the exhaustion test. 
Day One of the MS 150 canceled.  http://twurl.nl/56uqmy  
@iamdiddy No beach cleanup for Miami's Baynanza Day? 
Yeaaah, would've been good to know that Record Store Day in Canada does *not* include the Leonard Cohen record I wanted! 
It's Record Store Day and I'm out of money. 
started Day II of Vegas with horrible dreams of his friends being beaten up quite severely. 
Rainy Day blues 
@DaveDube sorry, but is this link the right one? don't get what it has to do with Earth Day 2009 
Someone should celebrate National Record Store Day with me today 
@msonline_uk i had a Green Day spell years ago. Haven't listened to them in such a long time 
On Day 5 of self-rehabilitation; can not listen to michael for a month 
P90X Day 3 - Arms and Shoulders done...weeeeeeee...tonite Yoga X? 
@RebeccaHappy I have a lot of Earth Day &amp; #conservation pages &amp; books in my website. Sadly the elections have dominated everything 
I hope Cal Day &amp; Picnic Day @ Day are not scheduled on the same day next year...that was bummer. I wanted to go to both 
I hope Cal Day &amp; Picnic Day @ Davis are not scheduled on the same day next year...that was bummer. I wanted to go to both 
@Willie_Day26 oh, and i appreciate yall doing shows in the sipp... I'ma a sippi girl for life.. too bad i couldn't be there 
sadly 'Babymaker' is the only song previewed by Day26 that i like right now  disappointed
Sunny Day  ...and back to work tomorrow 
Cold Day!! 
Day 2 of the grand internet outage 
That had to be one of the longest days EVER! Day 4 of 7 
Day three off of gym, day three of drinking... Noticing a trend!! 
Laundry Day part 2 
This weekend is over  BUT HEY!! 4-Day Week, 3-Day weekend  Yesss!
Gorgeous Day!! Not feeling well though, Dr's at 5pm but work first, we're short staffed - no time off for me 
is stoked that they're playing the new Green Day song on the radio. Pity it's a no repeat work day 
is stoked that they're playing the new Green Day song on the radio. Pity it's a no repeat work day 
@jon_bedford Sods Law. I am Day 41 into my 100-day cough 
Day 1 of my week off with the family. Got someone coming to view the house later, so a bit of a rush.  no time for sandpit with the boy.
Today is my daughter's 4th B-Day. I didn't even get to see call/her before work.  My son has a nasty cough. Wonder how wife's day's going.
is working on this Patriots Day 
@Willie_Day26 make sure ur perfromance goes well...even thought i aint gona b there 
No work on Marathon Day! This morning, bought fresh bread at Fornax bakery and walked home. Sadly, out of awesome English muffins 
Where's the sun today in Charleston? Day off and no sun! 
I WANT to be blogging my photos from yesterdays Earth Day Fest... but I HAVE to be editting 580 photos of dogs      more coffee please!
No Green Day tour dates near here.  This will be fun though http://tinyurl.com/df8j3b
Day 5 of staying in bed trying to sleep this illness off. Fun times... or not 
The men in blue ended beach fun in the name of Spare the Air Day.   Oh well. At least being quick on my feet kept us from being ticketed.
Such a gloomy day for Kartini's Day 
Gym, Test, Classes ALL Day, Then Work 
Cleaned house ALL Day! And it's still not finished... 
We won't forget , and we won't forgive . Holocaust Memorial Day . 
Good Day friends -another rainy day here in NJ w/an added bit of fog   No playing outside again today will make the most of being inside
Day not going well - off to meeting in London railcard gone AWOL nowhere to park get to stn just in time to see a train leave 
We're very excited about Free Cone Day, but not excited about getting sick 
Nooooo.....it's officially not my B-Day anymore 
@Willie_Day26 mind theirs no convincing to keep fighting 
@Willie_Day26 So you don't like us no more? 
Watching The Day the Earth Stood Still. I have sad life 
@KeithBurtis don't think I'm going to make Blogworld.  2 more weeks until W Day, eh?
Finished Day 1 of my blood pressure study...The milk I have to drink says 1%....But it tastes disgusting! 
Week end malato 
Bamboozle Day 1: i honestly dunno who i'm seeing today. if i wanna see everyone i really wanna see i'd have to stay for like 5min a set. 
mornings are a bitch! Day 2 of getting naked and washing bikes! ugh! i wanna sleep! 
May Gathering - One Day Tour in Shopping Mall: hhaha END up RM50 also la  http://tinyurl.com/celq95
Woops. It's Derby Day! ^^ And I forgot my bourbon. 
didn't get a ticket for Green Day... 
Mayhawfestival.org gets the cheap plug for the day! After Breakdance Day it's a celebration weekend. Then back to work 
@LarssonFace Saw? I forgot to bring Independence Day for you yesterday 
Day 1 of dress shopping 
sooo I picked out a winning trifecta for the first race at Churchill Downs, but couldn't place my bet in time.     Happy Derby Day!!! &lt;3
It's Derby Day! Shoulda setup online betting account a week ago.  Blah
Day Two:  I have no followers   Gotta brush up on my oneliners!
Day saterted GREAT but ended up sucky guys  tomorrow is a brand new day! Yes! Living in a brand new day! XoXo
Week-old fortune: &quot;The constructive use of riches is better than their possession.&quot; This would work better if they would predict things 
Day of washing, hoovering and ironing planned 
woke up not feeling 100% after visiting our favorite cocktail bar last night.  Day trip to Plzen scratched 
Day 2 of headache horror, what a way to say &quot;good morning&quot;, UGH! 
Thanks to everyone for the kind words! Day one of being a graduate: load up in a van and drive to Philly for my last regatta. 
Day one of not smoking: THIS BLOWS 
It's a rainy May Day 
I miss my baby  Saves the Day is on next. Woot.
Worst. Day. Ever. Needing some legitimate hug action. Show starts in 30 
Study Day   ppfffff it's sucks xd
Day 2 moving - tierd and lonely 
@Willie_Day26 aw, show is bringin back sad memories  ...im sad lol
Day off of work tomorrow... who knew kids get Cinco de Mayo off! But I'm babysitting tomorrow since parents still have to work   
@ExocetAU We better enjoy it, last one 'til Ekka Day! 
Watching Independence Day to get a Mary McDonnell fix. I miss BSG. 
@Willie_Day26 Garsh when will you ever be living it up in ATL? Doesn't matter anyway I won't be 20 til August. 
@Willie_Day26  Garsh when will you ever be living it up in ATL? Doesn't matter anyway I won't be 21 til August. 
My Week has started  well, can't wait til friday! :-P
Still up writing this paper. Finals Week!!! 
May Day today!  But I shall be inside revising until at least one... 
Woke up .. Bank Holiday..Day off.. then realised only 2wks to the formal launch of our online pubishing company. Working a few hrs now 
Day of meetings. Need time to work 
May Day, May Day shame its not pay day 
@Runefox Day off ?! I had to drag my weary bones into work as usual. Wish I was still in bed  
Day off school(: Coolness but revising not good. 
@Willie_Day26 Im happy the weather is nice there cus her in jersey it rainin  crappy ass day ill tell u
Another fine Coast Guard Day! Sike. 
Day 5 of my facebook suspension.. No word from facebook.. Starting to give up hope 
Day off. Beautiful weather. Perfect water temp. No surf. 
2Day weny by so slo0o. . .N onCe again i EnD it. . .MaDD!!!!! &gt;= 
My babes home from buddys place  Mothers Day tomorrow!   Miss my mom 
I wish I could get my mom more for Mothers Day.   She really is the greatest.
Day 4 of sleeping upright on the couch. Not fun at all.......... 
I love my mom!!!! Wish I was home for Mothers Day 
Remington got into a car accident and now he can't go to D-Day. His dad is such a jerk. I wish I could make him feel better. 
Day 3: sore and gritty 
@JonsGermanGirl it was our Mothers Day in March  here in the UK
@Shontelle_Layne Our Mothers Day here in the UK was in March  xx
@Lybbe Day was really good, at night my be in groups. Got 3 novices, 1 didn't like rough ground in the dark  V slow, lost hours (lit) then
Oh crap, after last night with neighbour below, now I've got neighbour next door slamming front door  1Day I will SNAP!! GRRR!!!
I have a soar throat today  It hurts. Im revising for film exam at the mo whilst listerning to Green Day! They rule... x x x
@triblondon I couldn't buy any 'Happy Mothers Day' for you because you can't even afford one   Woe!
Mothers Day Mass, it's going to be weird not seeing George, RIP 
Day off. YAY!!! I'm always 3 hours ahead of all the fun.....but it feels more like I'm 21 hours behind!  
1 broken radiator and plans to see baby Ava foiled  Day in the garden again for me then.
Day off and mothers day! Missin my mom 
Day Five is here and I can't even be with my mama today. 
At work..missing Mothers Day with my mom  first one ever missed.. Get off at 5!!!
@Snappsgirl89 awesome!! no more math... for a little while... hehehe Day is going well, P just woke up.. only slept for like an hour 
What a horibble Day.. But alright..I'll survive it 
@Day2DayGuy It was a excellent weekend shame its back to work again  you sure your not drunk yet oh well boys will be boys ?
about to watch &quot;The Day the Earth Stood Still&quot; - it better not disappoint 
At office!  never been so early..! Playing FlyLeaf and Green Day at full volume!!
I love Mothers Day, but I really hate working it. To many demanding people. Plus I always need up hurt. 
V-Day chocolate is officially gone 
Okay apparently Belinda Carlisle Day was a joke so we won't be playing 'Summer Rain' anytime today 
Day off today as its my bday. Starting with a 9:30 conference call, erm, yea  http://myloc.me/QIQ
Yeay! Day off. My plans? Tidy my room... 
Off for a shower and to prepare myself for a Long Day at Work 
I need to go to the A Day To Remember concert.  
End of Day 4. Wow so fast. I want to cry 
Day off today as I have to work the week end - gonna miss the arsenal / man u game 
Recovering from tonsilectomy Day # 2 
today is Gettysburg Bluegrass Festival Day for us. But, thunderstorms and rain predicted for all day.  http://www.steepcanyon.com/
@sceric77 Day 19 and counting 
Day off.. still gotta go in and get my check 
@ddlovato You are the moonlight of my life every night(8)... la la la la... Green Day...  I wish speak enlgish perfectly
@Willie_Day26 wat happen 2 da show that was suppose to b at the cow palace.. i hella wanted to go but i had skul... then it was canceled 
@staticxage why won't you be able to watch Green Day?  #greenday
Green Day should definitely be a trending topic although I must say again... 21st Century Breakdown isn't anywhere as good as I hoped for 
@its_lushotology the 7/21 Green Day show is the Philly one... which is the one I'm going to.  #greenday
about to head to Walmart...Ughhh another boring Day 
Green Day is trending? They were my all time favorite band until American Idiot. Their latest album doesn't impress me either 
Green Day &lt;3 
@crazycrayon I no be there  Sad Day
Day 7! Knacked feel like I've been out when I was in bed for 10 
marijuanajournal.com My Last Day  http://tinyurl.com/olpatr
Practice Day 3: pedometer reads only 7545 
unfortunately my ripped copy of Groundhog Day is out of sync  Time to re-rip the bastard and choose another movie to watch...
still waiting on Green Day album - does the smurf not know how important it is?! I hate rain 
Tomorrow is my 17th B-Day and I'm ill 
@samozzy hmm, you a big Green Day fan? I loved their last album, but I'm not sure its worth the money, as I kind of broke 
Bad Day ... 
doing mathexam-preparation on the National Day 
Listening to Graduation Day by Head Automatica, getting ready to become a Penn State alumni 
Just woke up   I love Green Day!!!!!!
Day two of competition. Very early morning today. Basically no rest this weekend  gonna be tired for school tomorrow
Still feel like poop. I better feel ok for the Day Party. Ive missed too many damn parties this weekend already 
Getting ready to head out.Nearly walked in on Ana in the shower. It was Loid. Day is off to a bad start 
We have now moved to the Smith Center for the Law school graduation. The Day of Commencement continues 
Cleaned the kitchen whilst drinking beer and listening to Green Day full blast. Was about to have a bath but the Monster got there first 
Last Day of Full Tilt FTOPs Events....Playing at least two of the MiniFTOPs today.  Have not cashed in a single one yet   Good Day for 1st
@CurlingRacer Disregard my tweet about Bump Day. Just saw your earlier tweet. I wish I was able to watch it. 
Day so far: packing, packing, packing, eddie izzard, shower, lunch... afternoon will be primarily packing 
watching WWE Judgement Day....missing my baby 
just saw that 3 Day Passes are sold out for Pitchfork...  
The new Green Day album is awesome.  And, for some reason, I cannot hear any music on MySpace, including the new Modest Mouse song. 
cr@p - looks like its raining out by my house which means the builders wont start today. Day 1 - and we're behind schedule 
Day one was good... Still alive, unlike the 6 bulls we saw yesterday.  Visiting the Royal Palace today.
Day off work! Yay! My mr is at work tho  ....x
MWD - 0831 - generated 30 Day Report. We have 22 cases over 30 days old - as last week. 82% of them are for my customers. 
Day off! then working 7 days in a row 
Disappointed at: &quot;Tiger leader Prabhakaran killed&quot; Say Day for tamilians  ( http://tinyurl.com/omherw )
Printing some reflective, serious, Memorial Day cartoons to mail to my 93 yr old Dad, who is a WWII vet.  Not many of them left. 
I was asleep, but then I woke up  Now I'm trying to go back to sleep and I'm watching 'Daddy Day Care&quot;
Day 2 of having to see him, knowing im not what he wants. 
Off to work on Victoria Day. 
did not like most of the WWE Judgment Day results.  http://plurk.com/p/ujkym
Sorry i haven't really tweeted today...   it's been kind of an Off Day for me. I've got a busy day tomorrow, so it'll probably be the same
I wish I had Victoria Day off with my family. 
@DarrylRMSG Perfect way to spend Victoria Day! Just watch the temps with the plants - it's been pretty cold the last few nights 
Day one of exam overrrrr, i feel so so ill though 
Day 6 at the beach and it's a sad day...we're heading back to Atlanta this afternoon  It was good while it lasted. This trip was amazing!
is booooored as hell on Victoria Day  I know, it's real sad -.-
Day doing real work has failed to bear fruit. Office is chattery, noisy, distant sounds of person with power drill. Headache, need tea 
Have all a nice friday! Day off for me, unhappily my son is sick, too bad we wanted 2 play ball.. Doctor apt at 3:00pm  #fb
Day 3 of 12, urgh 
listening to Green Day CD      really should do dome more house work 
laid up in bed for Memorial Day - no Fugawi 
SO SICK of all this rain!  It's really gonna cramp our style for Memorial Day weekend!  
So much for going to see Green Day. My stomach is blah and it didn't help I got no sleep. I'm sooooo sorry Dennis! 
Have to work all Memorial Day weekend 
Wingman Day 09B..  waste of time.
My inbox is taunting me with all of these Memorial Day sales. 
Day started, get a lot of running around to do and then an exciting drive to scenic Llyodminster  
the chance of rain during Memorial Day weekend continues to increase.  On a happier note, it's Friday &amp; a 3-day weekend .
Day 12 of cousin missing i miss her  looking forward to a weekend with my family, cant wait to see them
Sick  going into Memorial Day weekend... bummer dude &lt;--- my surfer impersonation
Day two of staying inside for gym on a gorgeous day 
@iamdiddy Day 26 was good lst night the audience was lame except me! lol Wish i was in Miami  have fun!
Day 5 of gloom and rain. This is fun. 
@visitthornaby Yorkshire Day meeting I think. VPRA are supplying the power to run it (generator) TR told us 2 oclock start 
Day off and going to a funeral....oh man 
Whoa I didn't know it was Memorial Day weekend! I feel like such a bad American. I miss the USA 
@Willie_Day26 because I had to work.  I was devistated, keep up the good work and will you guys be in Texas again performing anywhere??
My return to Carb Day is being delayed by a bum air conditioner. 
Day off and of course it's cloudy 
Grad Day is over  and I so miss my existing life
Day off, yay! So why the heck am I awake??? My dang doggie woke me! 
@DustinUrbanski yeah definitely...today is Carb Day for the Indy 500 and i'm gonna miss it 
Day off, yet not a day off of working out. Sad news is I often work out at work so driving there now 
Day of running errands and laying by the pool...life is tough back from vaca..I have to work all weekend while everyone else is playing 
Awwwwww Lujan Appreciation Day was amazing! Its overrr 
Gnite world, its been a long, exhausting day! I need a Spa Day desperately!! And, enough of this rain already! Not good for my hair 
Day 2 of ITWeb Security Summit starts in 30 minutes or so, woot. So much to learn, so little time 
Day 3 of being alone... ftl.  started painting genie's room.
Re-thinking my gear list for D-Day.  Didnt think about the possibility of badd weather 
Everybody's busy for the up coming Sports Day... Haaaaysshhh... Say hello to sunburn 
@Willie_Day26 hey can you mention me? I need some followers. It's my 1st day. 
But I gotta say, I feel for those ppl who actually flew all the way out there for the Mem Day race, only to be rained out. 
@Willie_Day26 would have loved to meet you in person but now im in NY working on a fashion show 
Week-end is over and now it's time to get back to work 
Another Day gone by....  Have to wake up early again tomorrow
Attending Matthew's Senior Day for recognition and I'm so not ready for this. 
super late for work, and got an earful from the PSYCHOPATH. GRRRR! Day, please get better 
Crappy Day... 
Day off with nothing to do 
Day is going well so far. Meeting until 4 though. 
@winkphotography great to finally meet you last night! Wish we had more time to talk. Can't go to the coffee GTGs, though... Day job.  
Of course, the Evil Day Job wants me to stay longer.  I need to win the lottery.
Day 7 without shower. No end in sight. There is stuff between my toes. 
Bad Day. History Test Tommorrow. And I want to go out in the sun and play.. 
@iamdiddy  I love you and Day 26 but that video was questionable... can't say that I liked it 
oh my gosh  this is the hardest decision of my life! who do i chose? Jonas or Green Day,ugh
Day 26 is in town. Wish I could catch the show, but I already have plans. Go figure! 
@Willie_Day26 awww man, its nott 
Messed on these   But I'm makin' it right! @taraellis19, @dontennant, @elikamahony Best Holy Day wishes to you all!
Damnit Day 26 is at Northpark mall..I use to live near there  someone steal Mike for meeee!
@lemonstarbursts  And it's only downhill from now until Labor Day!
AT&amp;T cheated the system and now I have no Green Day tickets  Damn you AT&amp;T!
Month end... still stuck in my office waiting for the stragglers to get there s#!t together. 
How did Day 26 go from a good budget video (imma put it on her) to such a low budget video (Stadium Music) The end may be near for them 
Month feeling so good the past couple days...              I need a miracle...
@Day2DayPA oh ok I am a electrician ATM finding it hard to find work  and my job agency ain't doing anything for me
&quot;Month end&quot; craziness is over at the office - at least for this month... Now I have to deal with a broken refrigerator at home 
Has 2 go 2 work on this Sunny Day 
Off to the Pink Fun Day at work. I'm wearing a pink polo shirt I saw in the shop yesterday. It is a man's shirt - but it's pink. 
@Willie_Day26 wow I wanted to go to that show sooo bad!  Good luck and enjoy ya selves!
What A Loverly Sunny Day Today! shame im working and not out in the sun, dang it. 
Week 8 Day 4: Drove to the Y to workout, but didn't stop.  
Day 3 of this spring/summer cold.  Attempting a day of recuperation. Saturday morning Cartoons.
Why did Andres ruin GDC?  General and Green Day chat are meant to be together.
@Day26OnStTeam how could u not shout me out as a hard Day 26 fan??! im hurt... 
Week 2 of my beach body work out with billy blanks .. I slacked off for 3 days   http://twitpic.com/69ta7
michelle and izzy's coming with grapest, Rose and I to Japan Day  dammit. if only alex knew them all 
Day 3 of the stomach ache from hell... And i dont know what to do 
Exam Day minus 21 : can't concentrate enough to really study. 
Day 1 of a painful break up 
Performed pushups workout Week 3 Day 2. 20-25-15-15-25. I had to split the last set into 17 8 because my arms collapsed. 
Bad Day 
 outside looks like &quot;Judgement Day&quot;
I m watching the end of the Day of the Dead remake..so bad it's not even good! 
Ughhh... Working All Day Tomorrow!! 
is still looking for someone to enjoy Japan Day with me  it's tomorrow, central park, event ends 4pm!
Day 26 @ the Apollo tonite!!! i will not be able to to you 
Best. Day. Ever. 
did a whole lot of nothing today. D-Day tomorrow. 
Saddest Day Ever 
Day 4. Last night  I don't want tonight to end. It's been amazingggg #stayawake
all my friends in school as we are not gonna go in the same class any more   Carpe Diem is it right? Cathch The Day in latin
:O someone else stopped following me  Worst. Day. Ever
Day#21 cleanse day...3rd time around and not any easier! 
Studying For the Day 
@courtneyenders fuck yea! Its 4:30 &amp; I'm in bed watching Ferris Bueller's Day Off trying to go to fall asleep! I even took a tylenol pm! 
Lovely Day shame i got to stay in and revise for an exam tomorrow 
Last Day in Dresden  I dont wanna go..
Day of chores involving washing, cleaning toilet and food shopping 
celebrating their professional holiday - Chemist Day! Alone 
growing up so fast!!  AND Joey and I are going to see Green Day in Orland in August! Section 112 or something like that (my dad is a party
Day 3 and my ateneo class #yahoogroup is still lost in outer space.  No reply from #yahoo tech support...........seething 
@Willie_Day26 not me!!!!  I'm in church!!!!!!!!
Day 6. Plant...dead. 
@Willie_Day26 i tried to hit u up on justin.tv but my ish is actin mad slow 
Damn im zo mad i missed Day 26 last nite.had 2 wrk  @que_day26
Day 6 btw!! Not soo bad. Could be a little bit nicer outside tho 
Having A lush 8-Day Weekend!! Lol I Miss Ella 
Bugger. Thought my day off was tmoz, but im working tmoz. Day off is wednesday. 
Waiting for the Advil cold &amp; sinus to kick in.  Day 4 of my totally awesome cold and I still feel pretty crappy 
is happy that she has to wait until Green Day is October until she gets to go in a mosh pit again 
@Willie_Day26 me either will 
Just ironed work clothesfor the week. Notlooking forward to tomorrow. Day after long weekend = never a good time. 
Finally home! Day started beeing on road @ 5 a.m. Rabbit criss-crossed road; went splat. Sorry to take you away from your family. 
&quot;This could break my heart or save me&quot;.... D-Day is upon officially me 
Queen's Birthday long weekend coming up!!  It seemed forever away so nice it's finally come round! Last holiday until Hobart Show Day. 
It just hit me that I have 5 days left in a school I went to from kindergarten to 7th grade! Goodbye Charlotte Jewish Day School. 
@joooo No, I was in too much of a rush yesterday. Was my only day off until Kamehameha Day. 
Revision Day  - Officially known as Coffee Day down Newland Av
End of Day 3, down 500 today 
Just woke up   Day wasnt night and night wasnt day. Not its back to being the old way.
Just woke up  Day wasnt night and night wasnt day. Now its back to being the old way.
Day off work - Woo!    Spending it at mother in law's - Boo! 
English exam was... strange... I hate grammar...  Today is Children's Day!!! I got candies during culture and media classes
@doylemb lol this heat is unbearable  I watched The Day After Tomorrow and I actually want an snowy storm to cover Leeds xD
AAAAAAAAAH BS  ya rabbbb !! &quot;just came back from skool, and i will slpeep till 7 or 8 pm it doesnt matter no gym 2Day x| &quot;
I hope I didnt store anything personal into my Ipod, since its in the hands of Matthew now. This is Day 3 of me without it 
Big Day appears to have floped. 
Working again. Day 3 of 7. 
Day before yesterday one of our acquaintances from Pakistan International Airlines had an incident on ATR.  I need a new job, seriously.
Day out of class but very bored writing reports  nearly done though!
@jince21 I did this class called 'Gravity' Felt like I was training for the olympics...Oh my, Day 2 still in pain 
Day 4 no word from @yahoogroup tech support. Where oh where did my ateneo college group go? @yahoo must have lost it 
Day 7 of my Diet,No Work 2day pull a muscle 
Day 4 no work.  Now to make the most of it.  Don't want to go back..... 
Day 1 of summer school 
Bad Day.... 
@dorkabella I've been sitting here with Day of the Tentacle in my desk for about a year and a half now. I've never even tried to play it. 
Day ends with a 3 hour meeting. Not my idea of fun 
Day 8 of #365 - My room looks like a bomb hit it. Puts me on edge but too tired to tidy it now.  http://twitpic.com/6f5pu
30DS Day 10 last day on Level 1 
Day 3 and I'm still rockin' quite the sunburn.  Shouldn't it be gone by now?  Lesson Learned, my legs do burn 
@staceybryan  Week of exams 
2day is Pool Day all Day!!!!! Wait I have homework 
Day 3 and one of my discs is defective 
Just Got Home Bad Day Today 
Day one went well at my new job. Just don't like having to get out of my pjs  I got used to the life of leisurely twittering all day...
Watching the Hills finale! Day off tomorrow and I still have to be awake by 7  Burn is finally feeling better!
Day 2 of orientation starts tomorrow. Gotta wake up early 
Day 2 Affilico Israel. All rested up - good thing- 9am speaking slot 
@ work again...It's great weather and i am working  so sad...Listening 2 Day26!
Just a thought, where are the boondock saints when we need them?  I'm digging on more intel about BDS2- All Saints Day, no updates 
Morning!  Still sneezing like a sneezy thing   Day's looking nice, though!  *sips coffee*  Bus in..10 mins..  Have a great day xo
Day 2 of work and it all feels totally normal again. 
@Willie_Day26 ....i cant upload my so good&quot;  http://twitpic.com/6gby4
@ryanmcco Dogs are great security devices... though my last one was a &quot;Six Dung-A-Day&quot; dog 
Finish Day 1 of Finals Test 
1 Day Till sanantoniohackers.org, 2 day's till Burn notice season premiere, 3 Day's till CTF Prequal, 9 day's now with barely any sleep 
Day 2 of Diet!!! i did good yesterday  lol
Must be a million cakes on the baking list. Day (and week) is gonna suck 
@carolermp had straggler (last year's lamb), and two singles born Christmas Day (due Feb) here. where there's a ram there's a way! sheep 
At work......Day 2 of my last week in AP........I wish I were at home in bed right now  Blah......
Day starting off kinda bad. Only had like 90 song plays on myspace yesterday   ...Today will be better!!!!!!!!!
Not a Good Day 
http://twitpic.com/6hk1b - Pretty Day Turns To Rain 
Day 1 of Diet: I did very poorly  , but took a long walk with baby and Natalie tonight.
I'm still a fan of Green Day, but their music is getting a little... i dunno... but its not as good to me 
thinks that 9 days is the longest I can go without washing my hair. Day 10 was not cooperating with me today  
Day 8  so far so good
Day off work and the suns gone  http://myloc.me/2rLT
Week's half over. No client lunches today, looks like I have to stay in the office the whole day.  
Day off and could the weather be any worse round here? cold and grey  what happened to the freaking sunshine...
Eep. Day off today, well needed.Don't know what to do.. might go for a drive. I miss rachel hart 
Morning all. Day off today, much needed. Don't know what to do though :/ I miss @racheelhart 
Today is a design day in the shed - tomorrow looks like a VAT Day 
E-Day is almost upon us  Time for a final push though!
Skipping morning run. Plan to run with CARA this evening for National Running Day.  Back to PTA jail all day today. 
Day 2 of #bbplan on hold. Business link were supposed to call me for a tel appointment this morning. No free time to take a call now 
Day2: i still feel like crap 
feeling a little discouraged this morning, on Day 17 of the 30 Challenge for EA Sportsactive and I've only lost 1 pound. 
I am so nervous about starting research today. Also, I need a day off. Haven't had one since Memorial Day 
Day 2. No money for lunch. I wish jobs gave you an upfront petty cash allotment to get you through until your first paycheck. 
Day one of summer holidays: Boredom kicking in  I miss the sun!!
I have Short Legs Long Pants Rainy Day Syndrome. 
@jess_dillon **gasp**!! There was a &quot;reunion&quot; gig? Nobody mentioned it to me!  I had a party at my place Oz Day.
It's National Running Day! Too bad the weather is complete shyt here in NE Ohio today 
Oatmeal - Day 2. Anyway, I already miss my sister 
Day goes too quickly when your off work 
Day 28361927292 without Tyler 
I have to miss Hug a Goat Day because of stupid photography. And I really wanted to hug a goat. 
Year One- I must see it. 
It's Hump Day already?! The weeks go much faster as I'm getting older 
I told myself I'd give the #cafepressfail MP a one month trial: Day 3 and my trigger finger is twitchy. I'm think I'm opting out today... 
Took me 3 min to figure our what day of the week it is. Hump Day is trumped by the nausea created at the thought of firing people. 
It's Camp Day!!  The one day a year that I wish I drank coffee   Go have two for me; I'll just donate the little tents
Day 4 without cable TV or internet. Comcast, please figure this out and quit telling me &quot;tomorrow.&quot; Not feeling very CoMcAsTiC today 
Performed pushups workout Week 4 Day 1. epic fail 
Day63:60F,Sunny. 17.3 mph to Kenmore average, slow ride from there with T&amp;J, then fast up the 520 hill. Couldn't find Zyrtec anywhere 
Day is looking worse by the hour and its only 930  *love*hope*faith*
It's World Environment Day today. I'm pretty sad that  @UNEPandYou didn't reach 10,000 followers though. 
Hope Everyone's Day is better than mine... 
Today is National Donut Day?   I just worked out yesterday for the first time after a long time.  Why today of all days?
Oohh i jst found out it's National Doughnut Day...i want one now     ;)
@yvonnechristina Maybe I should eat a doughnut 2 since it's Nat'l Doughnut Day. Besides it'll help me cope b/c CIWYW isn't on the list. 
I want the Rainy Day Dunny so fuckin bad  What does KidRobot mean they don't ship from the stores?? How am I to get my dunny? 
Day at work done!! Now an hour nap then work on the door 
I haven't yet had my doughnut today.  National Doughnut Day is today.
1st time in the 18 months I've worked here I brought in 12  donuts to be nice, only to find HR brought TONS of donuts for Natl Donut Day 
Day's half over!!! Weekend!!! Grading.... yuck. 
I refuse to celebrate #National Doughnut Day until I can celebrate with an @dunkindonuts chocolate glazed. Guess I have to wait till Sept 
It's National Doughnut Day, No kidding. havent thought about this in yrs,but i miss the pink doughnuts truck round the corner by my house 
Since its National Doughnut Day, here is my favorite doughnut that i miss  http://bit.ly/G7QNS
And now we missed National Fist Bump Day 
Hey my twitterfam. Lunch was delicious. I'm getting progressively worse though, so I sent my co-worker to get me some Day Quil 
Evidently today is National Doughnut Day and I have no doughnuts.  But I'm a Dunkin' Donuts girl anyway, so there's not that much point.
Hang on a minute... It's National Doughnut Day in the US. Where's ours?  Might be a good announcement to make today Mr Gordon Brown ; )
National Donut Day - Too bad I don't eat donuts anymore 
@TheMadPaki But my vacation days are piling up and will stop accruing soon.  Vacation Day &gt; WFH.
Felicia Day tried to steal my man, and then she called me a fugly bitch  #feliciadayrumors
Sad Day, the broken wing butterfly I flipped over and hand fed all week has died  WYC ones have been let free now, I have pics tho
is sad because I dont think im going to get to see Day 26 in concert 
did I mention that today is National Doughnut Day - sorry @foiledcupcakes   when is National Cupcake Day?
I am so missing the action on National Doughnut Day  http://bit.ly/ubzJ9
Today is National Donut Day.  Wish I'd known earlier so I could have grabbed a free one 
Day off. Boring without wife home. Feeling vacant. 
Day 4 done... I cannot believe there has to be a day F'ing 5 
Aubrey O' Day was once pretty. ONCE. Now she's hideous. So sad 
I won't be attending Grand Old Day to see @CaseyGolden and company due to having to work 
I won't be attending Grand Old Day to see @CaseyGolden and company due to having to work  #fb
Day 3 no potter. I miss it 
Want to go to the Green Day concert in July at Target Center but, unfortunately I don't know if I'll have money to pay for ticket... 
Hmm, should I cut my hair or let it grow out???  So much stuff to do that it's ridiculous! Day 1 again - smoke free.  so hard. 
saw them in Cruces...they didn't play Sieze the Day. Made me sad.  
I didn't get to observe National Doughnut Day today. I feel cheated. 
Being Crazy....Last Day Of School was today  ...well i still have exams but  ..I got my yearbook 
It's a sad day indeed when Jay-Z hits the top tweet trending trends in front of D-Day  Again, I thank those fallen soldiers and heroes!!!
Its a Cuddle Day 
Aww sad Day!! Crysatal just clicked out frm best buy for the last time 
@leon2287 Week 2 of issues, done all that with no luck. 
Knows now that the answer was not and never was D Day  haha!!!!!!!!!!
Off to bed....2 salon appointments, them mom and dad's haircuts, then I am off to say goodbye to gram and gramps lakehouse.  Sad Day
Theee Worst Day Ever ! 
Day care fire leaves children dead few hours ago @ my hometown... 
Holy shit. 22 minutes left in National Donut Day! Not gonna make it. 
It's Open Houses Day today. We can view houses without making an appointment, but there are no interesting or affordable houses for sale 
watching the BBC's 65th anniversary of the D-Day landings.......I miss living in Normandy 
D-Day celebrations are starting. Without me 
@foxnews I *so* don't need to see a Bacardi commercial before I try to watch live coverage of a solemn event like D-Day 65th Anniversary. 
Day 5. I want to work out this weekend, my calves are still pulsating! Maybe ill do yoga, if i could a drive. I need warm weather to tan 
82nd is having a big BBQ for the 65th D-Day Stand, so today was not that bad. It still could not take away missing my little boys b-day 
via @jeffjarvis The Day the Media Died: http://bit.ly/XZMco I'll never work again 
Watching the D-Day ceremonies &amp; missing my grandpa 
Cloudy Day 
My brother's girlfriend has had her baby! His birthday is D-Day though, Lovely  -Sarcasm-.
Got to get ready to bring my kids to a swim B-Day Party! I can not believe I have to put on my swim suit for this! URGGG! 
So sad to c ur hometown on the NYT for tragic news...  sadder that it happened... Fire at Day Care http://bit.ly/aTF5Y (via @nytimes)
I was gonna go for a bike ride in the park but it's raining....     Laundry Day!
Day leave has been nice but Ally has been out all day. Have been moved wards so no sneaky night leave for me either 
Well, all the lightning and thunder negates my &quot;Sunny Day at the Beach&quot; plan. 
ok ok there's no #  never forget D-Day
..D-Day, my Dad was involved with that, he was in the Air Force and 22 yrs old.  Passed in '05 when he was 83. 
Gorgeous Day!!! Unfortunately, stuck inside working!!! 
No no no, I'm Day6 of pass the parcel  http://bit.ly/djYMU
@Day26KeKe i only bought one, lol i am poor, i feel like a bad fan 
God bless the Hermosillo Day Care center children 
Day 3 isn't going so well   Her nap was much too snort and a bit too early. But it's hard to stay awake on rainy days! So now she...
Remembering #D-Day &amp; all who fought and died 
Remembering #D-Day &amp; all who fought and died  http://bit.ly/o9n4r3
Feel hella old walkin around Filipino Independence Day at Vets. Shit cracked in middle school 
today's D-Day! 
@meysuhr what is the Nadine Speaking Day? I've asked but I've not had an answer 
Day has been ok but would b a better b-day if I would actually get 2 spend it w/my kids &amp; fiance instead of just kids  but hey its works
Day has been ok but would b a better b-day if I would actually get 2 spend it w/my kids &amp; fiance instead of just kids  but hey its wor..
Day 2 of Twitter and I am already having issues. No picture for me 
D-Day just makes me miss my father even more. 
NY trip is on!! (driving though  ). I need a drink. Day when kid ends up suspended= not good.
D-Day yeah I hear ya; however people having been dying since we grew out of Gorillas and monkeys. 
lost 2 followers  give it a sunday love by following me. hahah #D-Day
Last Day 
just remembered it's D-Day.   
Crazy day today, maybe one of my worst ones yet  ...... Day almost over just want to be a bum at sleep in!
Who celebrated  D-Day? Let's remember that battle. 
Spent the day alternating btwn sleeping and Day 6 ( finishing outline). Lurv Saturdays! 2morrow - laundry 
Day #46 Not drinking is now causing interpersonal problems! I skipped my friends stag tonight to avoid temptation and he is pissed off, 
Day 7 of trying to find my ipod...STILL no where to be found. 
Bad Day! I can't believe how mean can people be!!! 
Apologies to all for the post flood. I'm a Week out of the scene and catching up. Not having a computer sucks 
Wow, I totally forgot about D-Day.  Jeez...being the history douche I am, that shocks me.
Just finished watching &quot;The Day the Earth Stood Still&quot;. Mediocre at best 
Watching KFP and just realized that it was D-Day today  wow...
end of Feast Day, didn't get to eat churros so I guess I'll have to wait for next year's Feast Day to arrive 
Day three of moving and we are still cleaning.  http://twitpic.com/6tcsw
I really need 2 go 2 da mall right now &amp; hurry to da nearest record store! Lemme grab that new Green Day album! Wish I had da time to 
-d@ObamaNews great event for the D-Day, I am belgian, I followed on the tv, we did not make anything here for, even if we were concerned 
Busy Day, weekly Progress reports, Research results, documents..documents..documents, no code for me yet 
Its D Day! 
#wow Was looking at some old SS of the Day on wow main site. Nostalgic for the way things used to be! So little community interaction now 
Day of revision starts... NOW. 
Laundry Day.....fun? dont think so 
@lordofkingz Day26 goin b @ summer jam  officially sad now
Day is heating up already, kids r wanting belgian waffles 4 breakfast, this weekend is flying by &amp; I have managed 2 get not 1 thing done 
My uterus has failed me again, as I have not been able to find my camera since I shot dead people on Memorial Day 
Going to have to follow #wcchicago tweets; can't make it to Day 2. 
Day 2 shooting of my new reality show, oh yeah coming soon. only 50 more shoot day's to go 
twitter has come to bore me. Not going to Grand Ol Day because of the cold and rain 
Cleaning House Day!!!! How fun  
Cleaning Day 
#norwegianmashup Added 18 more songs 2 the project , but I dont think i cn cont w/out the &quot;Green Day - 21 Guns&quot; instrumental 
Election Day... not going my way   I guess Europe will still stand tomorrow.
Just read that Margaret has left the apprentice. Day ruined 
Day one- couldn't sleep much, she touched down 30 minz ago...now at home kapolei, HI. 
Longest Day of My Liiiiiiife. Can't wait to, not be able to fall asleep tonight 
@Willie_Day26 I missed yall  y did yall go first smh
Just dropped off the lil sis.. Day goes from incredible to sad.. I love that little girl.. 
Exam Day  ahhhhhhhh. haha thanks for all the good luck's - i'm going to need them!! xox
Week 2 of training, exam 1 
Loved the movie, and it erases all memory of T3. Day on my own today, so shit TV, Reading a fab book and relaxing, pity it's raining 
Cold status- leaking nose &amp; eyes. Day and night tablets and one box of tissues. oh, and one very red nose 
Last day of classes with my Day 1 kids 
Exam' :/   (Bac ')   D-Day - 2   . Arfff ' . 
@AlethaMcManama Was supposed to be Field Day today but it's raining.    Postponed to later in the week.
http://twitpic.com/7gj1z Day 1 without my loutao @yatsum 
@DonnieWahlberg 1 Day til Saratoga!!  It is going to rock! No Waffle House here   Where can some more soliders meet you after the show??
Staying up to finish media studies film   Year 12 sucks.
#iwillnotbeafattychallenge Day 0: Survived without eating cup noodles and only having 1 packet drink at the office. Really hungry now tho 
Day 3...seth thinks its a virus, bit I don't think so. Wanting to go home 
Day after tna weekend and i feel hideous. 
Boredom at work = me thinking about baking yummy sweets.. But I can't.  Day 6.. Can't wait for Day 14!!
Day off, feels like summer vacation. Slept 12 hours last night. Last Disney trip with my pass today, wont get a new one for a few yrs 
@REEM_X you sir have the Kicks of the Day from the tweetbacks.  I really regret letting go of mine 
Today is my daughter's kindergarten Field Day, and neither I nor her mother are there. Yup, I'm feeling like crap today.  
Day started so bad today  But went to the peace pagoda and saw the monks, felt much better after a walk around the lake ^.^
listening to my music (Green Day, Guns N' Roses and Foo Fighters) and talking to mates on msn  ohh ... and doing maths h/w 
SO thankful for Immitrex!  Day 2 of migraine  #fb
@ossmac so sad  I was supposed to go to Davidson for Labor Day but I'm not anymore 
Day 41 of waiting for the british consulate to give me my damn settlement visa...I want it now...I miss my husband. 
Wheeeee. Day off. Supposed to take care of things today but I haven't 
@Orchidflower Awwwww thanks. Might be there Saturday night doing some pics if I get a photo pass through. Day job prevents whole weekend 
Day 3 of being sick. Still not feeling too good 
@taniwells All we have is rain  Day for hiding indoors.
Rainy Day In NYC 
@Willie_Day26 Do the other guys each have twitter pages too?  I can't find them 
About to go have B-Day dinner and then go to the casino.....  last night in PR
Day 1 of my diet was successful!!! Still missing the babe 
Day started off w/a migraine   2 types of meds and its gone, yay! Took the kids swimming and now settling down @ home...ahhh feels good
@sbroqks NO! That's Daddy's Day. I have plans with the man you brought me to this earth. 
@sbroqks NO! That's Daddy's Day. I have plans with the man who brought me to this earth. 
@AndreaGoGoFasho its really cool here! Im coming back for Fathers Day, but I wont officially be back until next next weekend 
I wish my daughters would come see me for Fathers Day 
&quot;Calvin &amp; Hobbes of the Day&quot; was removed from iGoogle... it's just not rigth!! 
weather doesn't look good for tennis camp and the second day of Cub Scout Day Camp. 
Day one in the hotel was 1.5 to 1.8 meg download speeds. Now it's in the 150 to 200 k  The internetz tubes is taunting me
I'm going tro miss my daddy on Fathers Day. 
has had a lonely Youth Day 
Laundry Day!!! Today is the final day of my moms move. WOOT! I can't wait to be done already. still no gecko.   still sad
Day 5, http://tinyurl.com/ncukfe I don't think Thermal physics went very well today 
Day9932: working then cleaning the car if its not raining...what an exciting day! 
Day 2 of the jackhammers working across the street.  Oh, joy! 
Working on my B-Day  @ Global Crew Logistics http://loopt.us/bhFJfA.t
Day 1 down....3 more to go.  I miss my little girl.   
@sweetney I put up big &quot;give the gift of indulgance&quot; signs all over my salon pre-Mothers' Day. Didn't notice anything amiss for weeks. 
O shit! I forgot again...when is Fathers Day? I always get my dates mixed up 
@ shergillonnet Santya mainu  B' Day wish ni kita .............. 
I'm thankful I have a T.V but it does suck I don't get channel 11 or 13, No Good Day L.A or I love Lucy 
Fathers Day is coming up. I wish my dad were coming home for it  Gotta wait until August to give him a pressie 
@beautylishus I did yesterday but @snugumz said she didn't see them...Sad Day 
&quot;Day one, day one, star over again, step one, step one...&quot; (Alanis Morissette) 
could really use a Date Day right now. Ugh. 
Happy Jonas Day on Disney Channel America, yeah america and I can't see it 
Day 7 of no dairy. Doing great except for my cold which makes me crave grilled cheese and tomato bisque 
I Had Such A Boring Day 
I need &quot;Sabb Kah Do&quot; Day again  #warid
Day 2 of Grifton Mission Camp. I miss my family 
I am not attending B Day bash...not that I know of.  however my mom and little brother are and I bought the tickets...WTF?
Day 2 of the detox and I'm suffering! I think food runs my life LOL  - I'm persistent thou, I can do it.
Day is not getting better......    
South Beach Diet Day 3 - No Caffeine + No Sugar = 2 Day Headache 
Exam Day.....  T - 5 hours.......booooo
I want to see Year One so bad but we leave for europe thursday and it comes out friday. 
Day is better now that I have Ashleigh!! Wish Laree would spend the day with us  Ticked off about what I have found out!!!!!!`
Today was a Loooooooooooooooong Day  Time to hang up the bull whips....and go home....
I have to work on Canada Day 
@Willi_Day26 it be kool if u show ur fans especially me once in a while..  im still a fan 4 day26...lol
Beach Day Three: shopped the outlets all day, so no reading got done. 
By far the Hardest Day @ skool yet. Let's c if 2moro can top it.....off 2 Bed til 8:00. 
@ReubenRiggins You missed Captain Picard Day  Now you won't be able to submit a drawing!
@Wookiesgirl I wish I could join you, but my vacation is pretty much set for the next major holiday weekend.. Labor Day 
The Day has not yet started for me 
Bored...Jonas Day is almost over 
So looks like I'll never go to Backlot ever again  Sad Day
So, it looks like I'll never go to Backlot ever again... Sad Day 
So sick tonight. Day 4 of it. I think it's all this stress.  imma try to sleep...GoodNight Beautiful people.
Jonas Day is over  it was good while it lasted! Now off to bed. goodnight &amp; goodbye.....&lt;3(:
Jonas Day is over  it was good while it lasted! Now off to bed. goodnight &amp; goodbye.....&lt;3(: http://bit.ly/HZRlx
Day off work and fecking seagulls riverdancing on the roof woke me up at 5am 
PBC summer camp 2009 is here! Day 2 in the books... lets do this! But first could your girl please get some sleep 
Looks like my youngest daughter's Year 2 Sports Day will be rained off today. 
Bleugh I have a stomach bug, not good when you have a vomiting phobia  Day on bed for me
@chlostick my hair is terrible too and I miss brisbane  I wanna go backkk. Next time I am back is when Aiden comes back (B4 Green Day)
@kels450 We're away first day, last day AND Boxing Day-as every year.  These fixtures are so shitty 
Day two no credit cards...  I would love to find the person who compromised my identity and choke them 
Sunny Day!! I've stayed with my mother to go shopping .. I cant go to the pool 
Maths of the Day : 6 days till i see @shehabhamad. 13 days till i leave @shehabhamad. 36 days til @shehabhamad leaves me for 730 days 
Day one of finals. I have bio and geo today 
What a gloomy Hump Day! 
Day #3 of migraine and intense back pain 
Field Day at my grandmas school...yey... 
Good morning. Day trip that actually involves a full day of work... the most dreaded and exhausting. Also no coffee yet + traffic 
@kayebautista It's like 1st Day and 2nd day combined. I'm not feeling well actually .. 
Aw crap! On top of all the B-days yesterday I just found out it was also Captain Picard Day and I missed it   Happy Belated Cpt Picard Day
Fed up with reading documents...  A lotta documents to complete. Day by day reading quantity is reduced
All alone at work today  Missing @rnv101, @lmalamud and @shay323! Hump Day's going to be worse than usual.
Not A Good Day. 
Day off after two twelve hour shifts and its chucking it down  grr
Whyyyy did Parade the Day break uppp  They're so amazing.
Day 2 of my new hair..and I don't think I like it today. Looks like a soccer mom   Maybe when I get the streaks put in.
First Day yesterday was bad. Second Day today was worse. How about tom? 
Day 3 without seeing my sweetie  on the bright side no core apps till tues yay!
Who wants to join Youth Day's Comm's pity party? 
Day 3 of oatmeal diet.  Feeling sick 
Day off from work! wish there was sun though 
The 2009 Schedule is out and Single Day Tickets are on sale too. Get at it http://bit.ly/6OKwQ (via @lollapalooza) $80 
@Willie_Day26 this saturday And i'm not going 
@wilw I feel so bad, as I forgot to tweet you a 'Happy Captain Picard Day' yesterday.   My bad, I'll try to do better next year.
@kellyurich Obscure DC Song of the Day...still open? Wish I can request. 
Day three of bed rest  bored outta my mind.
@CocoaSavvy The Puerto Rican Day Parade is here this weekend too, with rain in the forcast as well. 
Long &amp; Busy Day! 
Yesterday was National Fudge Day and I missed it  I think I'll have its cousin chocolate later today to commerate the event.
It's Goodbye Day 
Today Is Not A Good Day!!! 
Well Scott got home from work only to have to leave for his Board Meeting.   Plus he's working Fathers Day! I feel bad for him &amp; miss ...
Day 1 of the workshop, going well so far. I wish I had a better script though 
Going up to Lampeter tomorrow so no tweets until Friday  Wales Anthropology Day here I come!
Week left being 21.  gonna start lying about my age
Day started all wrong..ended the same way 
Day 3 at camp... Its 4th of july! (yesterday was halloween!) its raining... 
Day 4 of torturous headache  a lobotomy is sounding pretty nice right about now
What is this, &quot;Hate on Bonnie Day&quot;?! C'mon, friends! 
Tomorrow is Report Card Day. Why must my life end so fast? 
Figures. Day off tomorrow and the forecast is calling for rain 
Day 4 of the wii-hiding experiment, and my first time on fit - Fit Age 49 
Start the day with some Green Day I think.  Novocaine has to be on of their most ignored songs  - Photo: http://bkite.com/08CGY
Day to see my accountant, no joy then 
Rainy Day...and feelin alittle sick 
http://twitpic.com/7pcl6 - I wasn't well  I Came out of Hospital the Day before then ended up goin back in the day after my birthday 
@SashaWolff Wish someone would've told today's mtg organizers that it was National Recess at Work Day. 
Dump the Pump Day:  Green Line park N ride, Norwalk full @ 630AM. 
Day 2 of migraine. My preventative meds have stopped working  time to call Dr. And up the dose!
I'm up.  Drinking coffee (with reused filter!). Day 4 of headache. 
@nifty_ba http://www.resellerratings.com/store/1_Sale_a_Day  Good deal, bad seller.
Threat of rain changes plans- no Children's Day at the Kelley Farm for us today 
I wish I had money to celebrate national Sushi Day 
Boring Day 
@rocsidiaz OMGosh! I love that book! I got to like Day 35 and Just Quit 
@mavericksmusing Sigh!  Day 81 now.
Interning! Rainy Day in NYC 
@Willie_Day26 y cant i get a &quot;wuts up Lynz&quot; one day like u b doin all ya celeb friends?!  still love ya tho!
Day 2 of working on my laundry.  I have the worst dryer 
Day 2 of my vacation and it's POURING. No fun at all 
Looks like it's gonna be raining again tomorrow    Boooooo i want it to be Sport's Day so i can get a tan haha
Day gone from bad to worse! After the snot incident, had to deal with 2 other 'presents' from the baby &amp; no greaseproof paper for baking 
@Willie_Day26 Arrrghhh! I keep getting an error every time I try to look at the clip you posted 
@Willie_Day26 electrik red....and not even thaat much lol. i miss DK 
Day off is an epic failure  going 2 sleep hoping 2 marrow comes soon
VBS Day #4 bites the dust!  Great day, although I'm supposed to have jury duty tomorrow   It's been an awesome week all together....
Why aren't A Day To Remember coming to Belfast? 
@DVDeMm What a shame for you mum  and it gets worse. it's Fathers Day soon. I think a mothers day is needed for her lol
Looks like another rainy weekend ahead    Cindy Day go aw.. (too mean)
debating what to get Santos for Fathers Day... I want to be creative... but thing is.. i'm not that creative! boo 
Day 2 of car searchin. 3 places no luck 
has had too much coke and mind is swimming with lots to think about (mainly what cheesecake to make for Fathers Day). Can't get to sleep 
@spiffeah Gave the Independance Day salute to my boss this morning. He didn't get it. I keep forgetting some people aren't ... well, you 
I'm pissed that I didn't have any sushi for Sushi Day. 
Home finally!... Still can't move my stuff yet  tired &amp;hungry and I need to find a ride to the story so I can finish thee Fathers Day gift
@Day_Dreamer30 I read that on facebook.. I was so jealous. I went to his show and I didnt get pulled back.  #epicfail
@llorracanit Babe, it aint gonna happen. Last week for Sylar Day, we tried to trendy #sarmy and we never even made a blip  #bananameatloaf
@Bluemels ,  May Day, May Day, weekend of partying and cocktails is under threat... Damn, flu dont have common sense 
Transmission Gone First Day  http://bit.ly/U577G
@toomuchcornpops I'm hoping it's really not that. I really want to live to see Green Day... even if that day would be my last day alive. 
Texas night speed limit = 65  ... Day = 70 ...
@Day_Dreamer30 I know..  sad times
Day turning out to be disastrous. Lost bid in ebay. 
Surprise Fathers Day           
Just saw Year One. I really wanted to like it. All the funny parts were in the trailer 
Day off of work.  Stayed until 10:30 last night.  Making money, good.  Today, my personal errand list is way too long. 
Independence Day + Day After Tomorrow = 2012.  Blaaah.
man, I rep u all day and you can't ever say nothing back... ..      @Willie_Day26  why can't you say anything back to me... 
Day of shit. And it's only 11 A.M. It sucks 
Day off! woop woop!!..... Why is the sun never out when you've got a day off 
@rbartolome Day 13 of what Raphael?  Sorry there's no reply from littlesharpy, he's locked out of his account for too many failed logins 
Loves: Day off. Hates: waking up feeling like hell. Think i need a doctor 
@Juilliard RE was the easiest thing ever. Probably the only thing that will be.. Sports Day was meant to be yesterday! But no 
is back in bed 4 a bit to try nap off this stupid 10Day headache  gonna rain again today :-p
Freshmen Field Day is over!  I'm gonna miss teaching 1-Canisius! 
is having Beach Day at school today!! If only I felt better 
Bad Day ;/ ;( 
Nyla's Official Last Day of school!! And she's @ home with a cold. 
Good morning twitter. Day 3 of summer vacay-still bored 
Graduation Day 
Green Day-86....good old Green Day....I miss you 
Walkin my niece to Day Care . Damn I wish I was 3 
I still can't find my Day 26 cd  *tears* *smdh*
Day 6: its so fucking hot! I think i'll live in my dads heart, where its cold. 
Day 3 of diet from hell. Hubby is doing it too, and he had 50 blood sugar last night  Less insulin for him.
Day two of packing up my room 
Day one of water fast -_- just finished the new kitchen in the crib too my mom been cookin up a storm 
The Worst Day Since Yesterday! I can't even tell how worse...  xoxo
Today is free Orange Julius Smoothie Day! (with coupon).  But i have to work at 4, so i guess i cant go 
Finally back home it was fun, the only bad thing is that I lost my 30 Day Unlimited Metro Card 
Day off!  Time to clean 
Day is turning sour.  I know what will cheer me up. Anyone doing a #giveaway? Spam me!!!
Fathers' Day FAIL! 
All u hear for Fathers Day is how great everyone else's dad Is so great  eh!
Day 3 with no a/c, temperatures above 90 and resulting migraines. Landlord not cooperating despite lease provisions. Never been so upset. 
I'm worried the Year One trailers on TV all the time are gonna make me over-hyped and therefore disappointed at the film when I watch it 
Year One was pretty mediocre 
Day old chinese=nasy and soggy 
@DIVACANDICEM I'm sorry to hear that. I'll always remember the Day you won the Title almost 2 years ago.  No, I am sad. But you're fans
Day one of my baby being gone.  all his texts are making me so sad
Ready, steady, GO - off to bed...wish I'd remembered to post my Daddy's Day card 
I just want to be home so I can see Year One. 
Oh no wonder. The same director also directed Independence Day and The Day After Tomorrow. I used to like Cusack. 
A little disappointed in Year One 
I wanted to watch Year One... awww 
Day one of this iphone is done, i miss my ipod touch 
@momof3crazykids you're leaving already?! We were going to Newport for Fathers Day &amp; I thought we'd bump into u there. Booo. 
U know wats funny IDK wens Fathers Day  Thats wrong.  
@mileycyrus no Green Day? 
2nite was amazing =] thank u guys who made it awesome =D thinking about things. Wish it wasn't like this  tomorrow is a new Day :/
Day trip to ipoh, can't meet anyone there  #fb
was going to see Year One this morning until my friend told me last minute he couldn't go 
Bad Hair Day (N) 
Day 0 of &quot;voluntary staying in college to work&quot; - everyone is leaving 
Had no freaking clue that Rungrado May Day Stadium in PyongYang was t largest football stadium in t world..n I call myself a footie fan 
Race Day &lt;3 with a black eye  ick
Not even 8.30 and i'm so so tired. Year 12 is such a drain. 
Day dreaming =65 mph down Dixie. 
Fucking iTunes update - changed my new podcast checking from Manual to Every Day, so now I'm 15% over where I should be on my peak quota 
@sniz Yeah gig was epic! You should have went!  Anyways your gonna hate me but I'm selling my Green Day ticket cos I need money for PP D:
I'm at Be a Pilot Day, but it's raining.... 
Day starts badly: another dead squirrel, 2nd in 3 wks, 5 total. Birdfeeder lures new recruits to Squirrel Army. Suspect neighbors poison. 
It's Yard Work Day! Ugh! 
What a Boring Day! 
I'm up so early...btw, Year One was the worst movie ever. It wasn't funny at all. I wasted the little money I have. 
@vixvixvix I bring shame on the French. I do not deserve to have my birthday on Bastille Day 
Celebrating papa's Day because we both work tomorrow! It's supposed to rain ALL day 
oh no Fathers Day 
Dissapointed about weather tomorrow.. not gonna go to Silverwood for Fathers Day 
http://twitpic.com/7wpht - My last Day at School, Ever 
Day one. The beginning of a longgg nine days 
wishes he was in atl so he cud hit up da B.Day bash..... how u gon host a club party IN AN ARENA!?!?!? man i wanna party dat hard... 
Double Shift Day  2pm to 7am is going to be rough.
@Willie_Day26  in regards to the fish.. i bought some a while ago.. set up the tank.. went to the movies came back, belly up they went 
Day off ...and no idea what to do 
Fathers Day sucks when you don't have a dad 
@caitlynnolan I shouldnt have waited so long for the Green Day tix. Last week Section B was available and now C, almost nosebleed. 
@H_I_MsH_E_R 2yrs but every Fathers Day gets to me, cuz he always wanted to go to the coast every year he got sick! 
Holy crap it's Fathers Day?!?!? Oh my gosh I'm a horrible daughter 
this Fathers Day i will miss my dad 
didn't make it to the farmers market OR to Hog Day, today  http://plurk.com/p/12iwcn
Laying down For a Nap!!! Draining Day!!! 
Day 2 w/out Pepsi. I'm surviving. No, I didn't give up caffeine, just sugar. Drinking ice tea. Trying to lose the &quot;freshman 25&quot; I gained 
World Refugee Day -- a little bit diappointed with some mixed feelings. Many things have changed... 
Fathers Day: To my dad, I miss you more and more each year. You were a complicated, person, but I loved you nonetheless. 
Fathers Day is here and I can't even communicate with my sons  http://www.myspace.com/hope4fathers
is gutted that Fathers Day is on the longest/lightest day of the year! 
So it's Hospital Day!!, it was sunny this morning, but it's raining buckets right now   Oh well, maybe it'll brighten up soon!
Soundcheck sucked. Pray for Day In Day Out 
is studying for finals!  One more Day!
Didn't get my replacement work laptop today. Apparently &quot;Next Day&quot; was checked on the #FedEx label instead of &quot;Next Day Saturday&quot;. 
Another Hazy Day in PG, when will this weather get better  
Perfect Day for Margaritas with my lovelys&lt;3 cheers to the BFF's minus 1 
Go Skate Day tomorrow! It'll probably rain though. 
$103.30 pre-sale for Green Day in Auckland? Thanks but no thanks. 
Bad Day... Im sad 
Major failure today with P90X diet  2 pieces of cake  on the bright side i ran 2 miles, biked ~10 and Day 3: Shoulders and arms + abs
Day of swimming with the kiddos.....fun in the sun.....then came the thunderstorms..   slumber party now.....nighters....tweet tweet!!!!!!
@ElectricKiki  sorry to hear.. mine passed in 98 of drunkenness, and my mom last year.  It's rough.  Moms Day was worse, tho.  
We're all sunburnt and it's only Day 1  will skip the beach tomorrow and go shopping instead
Fathers Day is incredibly depressing. I miss my dad  I miss him more the older I get.
@Jeska_Day mine is red but died  can't take just that to Vegas.
@Jeska_Day lo siento. Or however u spell it 
Just woke up, really needed all this sleep this weekend! Fathers Day and my daddy is not even here!  So later on bug my uncle! ;)
Last Day of a perfect weekend 
R.I.P him ..... it's not really a nice Fathers Day to his children 
gonna set the table for the big Fathers Day lunch. ps what do I say to a friend who doesnt have a dad anymore? 
Fathers Day and I have to go to work 
Off to the Cemetery with @NatCall to go see my daddy on Fathers Day 
Green Day look so old 
#Rove roflol Who's that kid with Madonna .. Green Day comment on Rove 
Work at 7 am on Fathers Day on 5 hours of sleep.  This is going to be a long day 
Does not get twitter!!... Forgot it was Dads Day  xoxo
I can not wait for Green Day to come, but IDK if I should get GA or Seating 
Dropping @mrlich off for his 9-day class in CA. Missing him already.     Next, off to visit the 'rents for Dad's Day.
Its Dads Day! But why am I up so early for the 4th day in a row?  No more pain today? cool!
Wish I was at churchhhhhhh!  Day 2 of CPR Training. Really wished I was at FFBC.
Day of unpacking 
happy Fathers Day to all you daddies ,,,,William E u sure are missed ,,if you were here i would bring u a  beer ,,i know u would love it 
It's Fathers Day. I wanna be left alone. I think? I don't know what I want. 
Is being hauled off to Ikea. Apparently, sales trump Fathers' Day lazing. 
Day 4 of the bridal shoot!! And its still raining out! 
never knew how hard it would be to be away from the kids on Fathers Day.  
thinks Matalan isn't going to be as exciting as Medieval Day 
Day 3 of intolerable tonsil ulcers  I'm running out of painkillers.
Doesn't like Fathers Day too much.  but still wishes all the Dads in the world a happy one. Especially mine, I love &amp; miss you so much &lt;/3
Whats Fathers Day without a great cup of coffee to celebrate...Just another day     http://www.getthebean.com
Awww, it's Daddy's Day!  I hope all dads are shown the love today!  I miss my dad. 
Wishes @carriehoush didn't have to work Fathers Day. 
what fail weather for Go Skateboarding Day 
Taking my Pap to Meadows for Fathers Day if I can get him in the car. He fell down the stairs and is on crutches 
This is my 2nd Fathers Day without my 4 shorties. Not feeling this at all. Need to re-work that deal  Just found this church need it now!!
Having a Me Day &gt;&gt; 
Got Fathers Day stuff going on this mornin, missin @lifeco peeps 
I woke up SOOOO sick  heading to my parents to spend Fathers Day with my stepdad anyway....I'm gonna sleep on their couch...great daughter
Enjoying Fathers Day without his kids! ...... Not 
Fathers Day brought a new name for my boat and matching baseball caps for all - Fenntastic  pretty cool. Too rainy for boating though 
Waiting on my sister &amp; brother-in-law so we can watch my dad open Fathers Day presents. Jooooy. Oh &amp; I'm hungry. But not allowed to eat 
On my way to the cemetery...Thats how I spend my Fathers Day.. 
Day off!!!!!!! Pool for a little bit. I don't really feel so hot 
How come every country seem's to have Fathers Day today, except us  At least we already had Fathers Day this year .
I so wanted to go to the Hyderabad Music Day, but thanks to uninvited guests 
Wish I could give my dad a hug for Fathers Day, he lives 1500 miles away though   getting stuff together to cook out!
Getting ready for Fathers Day things..I'm sad that the family 'father' won't be here this year...Miss you Papa. 
What a beautiful day! It's also Go Skateboarding Day but I doubt I'll even skate cause the park by my house is closed today. 
Daddy Day, but nobody answers the phone 
Day off  grrrrr.
Fathers Day.. Sad... I miss you dad 
Firrst Fathers Day without my father  
Day off tomorrow, so gym, shopping and holiday searching - still need a travel buddy, so if you know anyone interested... &lt;/desperate&gt; 
I'm not yet fully recovered from yesterday's 7+ mile Fathers' Day hike!! It might have been fun if I was in-shape... but I'm not! 
Fathers Day came and went, 1 card or call, not much to ask, children can be so cruel at times 
@Willie_Day26 i wish i was  come in Champaign!! it's only 2 hours away
really missed not being wit my hubby on Daddy's Day  &lt;ugh&gt;
Contact Day tomorrow , Yippee 
Day 2- I'd kill to see my best friend 
Day 2 of this and day 1 of this, not doing to well with either so far, but it will get better, right? Not to mention day 3 of missing you 
Day 2 of that and day 1 of this, not doing to well with either so far, but it will get better, right? Not to mention day 3 of missing you 
Day off today  sick  have to disect a heart tomorrow hope a note will get me out of it 
Day one of mwmt reunion is over  till tomorrow!
Day 1 without my sugar-free redbull has begun... and this girl is not a happy camper 
Night tweeps. Week begins tomorrow 
Shit eating scene in Year One wasn't as funny as I thought it would be, actually it turned me off my chocolate snack.  
IT Typo of the Day: bowering -&gt; browsing I was wondering how Bowser affected her document and why 
Ready to start the Day!! only thing is i have no idea how to start it 
Day three of eating clean. Going to attempt 6 meals today and up my water intake. Oatmeal and an egg for breakfast. Bye bye, coffee. 
Another Day, Another Headache! 
Day one of my work week and I'm sooooo tired 
tonsillitis, Day 2 
Goodmorning... Still tired. Day 2 of doing absolutely nothing.  Someone come take me somewhere? Kthnkz
Day at wimbledon over for me was so good! Just waiting at the station now for my train home 
@Kouture85 Now you know you have just Depressed my Day sooooooooo sad!!!!! 
Day one of ez fill is undeway.  Not at its best either       Its lunch time~ time to breathe!!!!!!
@amymyers Really?  What then?  Sorry I misses your B-Day celebration.  I was out of town. 
@rougeforever the weekend of your bday is Field Day 
Today is Bad Day Day. 
Day 2 of Trip Report posted on mousesource.com....check it out. All pics from parks now posted in gallery. Some good some  no pro here...
Worse Day Off Evvverrr 
@Googal70 it does, stupid city workers.  no Canada Day Fireworks/Parades either! Unless they reach an agreement by July1st
@Willie_Day26 Aww...man I wanted y'all to perform 
@Willie_Day26 --Awww Mannn  ..we was all happy ! We still love ya'll .
@Willie_Day26  we should tweet them to death so u guys can perform right?! Lol but u guys r performin on the red carpet?
@Willie_Day26 yall should perform 
watched Year One tonight. Transformers was sold out.  But I still had a blast!
Going to Green Day hell yeah! 2 people will be sitting 5 sections away though  our group got split dammit. Woo sections 3 &amp; 8 row F.
Hiding under covers at the moment, wishing for some sort of Groundhog Day event... 
Muggy morning, hayfever still active, head is thumping...and its supposed to be Lazy Day. 
Omg, my Green Day tickets were gone 
Really want to get my Green Day tickets now! 
..it's a rainy Day 
@hannah_story ooo, but then I was instantly disappointed when their song titled a Brand New Day wasn't a Dr. Horrible cover 
So finally every thing is back in place after the fire. No we wait for $$. Friday is BBQ-Day!! Here we go again back to work 
meeting with theB.O.S 2Day,  2 discuss C.R.A.P productions. and leeds music scene. also handing ova Midis. 1hrs sleep 
I feel really quite sick, so hae had to skip Book Return Day and am lying in bed hoping I dont throw up  i have a phobia of it i think.
Integration Day is coming!! OMG! we have no dance yet!  so sad
cheated in 4th Day GM 
Day on holiday today looking after the kids but still working 
Day two and no better... 
What's worse than a Bad Hair Day? A Bad Bra Day 
MO Day!!!  Damn pool has holes in it, so not sure if we're gonna be able to replace it with a new one by the weekend 
Just woke up. Day one of conference. Gag me with a spork! 
Day 5 of not smoking... just put a patch on and feel like I've had 20 at once 
Best.Day.Ever.  Car overheated and died on the way to the interview. had to get it towed back home. Interview rescheduled for 4:30..
Day 5 - another hollow victory?  Ask me in 9 hours 
Day in the Life... 8am client warming up... Breakfast was vury small  T- 30 mins to hunger!
Leavers Day tomorrow...I don't wanna leave 
Day 2 :: my tummy hurts 
@ricksva Day-long teaching admin meeting 
Day off today and I have done nothing 
@tommcfly Tooom  Reply me! Say 'Happy B-Day Ana'. Sunday is my Birthday! (
Day 11 of an 11 day week. Finally. But, not gonna finish on time 
Sports Day tomorrow. woo! 
Day 4. Motivation level is so low. I really need a workout partner 
Sucky Day! 
Morning everyone! What a beautiful Day...Yay! 
No hunny, there are no vampires ... just bloodsucking salespeople that steal daddy's money...  Day 1 as a Lycan.
@Willie_Day26 why are you still up? 
@Willie_Day26 i love you willie! 
@Willie_Day26 
@Mattdavelewis  good Morning ,Matt ! have a smileriffic Day !!     
@Ken_Day that's Pareto's Principle in action 
11 days til my birthday !!!  and Tree Day in 2 days !  x
@Willie_Day26 
@rocknrod I didn't have the day off..but my radio co-host always takes the day off. Opening Day is an official holiday for him 
@1Day2BEAwesome Send me an email [my twitter name]@gmail.com and we can talk about it. 
Day 6 in vientiane. Our IT lesson went well today. Finished the whole website exercise already. Received good feedback frm them. 
is off to work! Alllllll Day long! 
Day 6 and I'm feeling pretty good   I think it's time to do some spring cleaning though - everything smells like smoke. . .
Giving Thanks for a New Day!  Phone already ringing off the hook ... 
@danamlewis Your cynicism won't stop me from enjoying A-Day. I have full faith one day I'll rub off on you 
I'm in a mood for Styx today I guess:  another appropriate one   Sing for the Day ? http://blip.fm/~4j5um
Beautiful Day! enjoy it 
Just woke up. Day with @susie_santi shut my energy off after 
Really hoping that a Blink/NFG/Green Day tour will happen one day.. Bring back the pop disaster days!!! 
trendy topic - Record Store Day - just becuz a song has the word &quot;Lollipop&quot; in it, doesn't mean it's appropriate for children. 
getting ready to take mitchell to a birthday party!  Beutiful Day here 
Have you started thinking of Mothers Day gifts? You have to stop by our place, perfect place we will make it easy for you 
@Spike2k5forever Nope, tulips and lupines  Day lilies are sprouting, as well as daffodils.
Love your planet on April 22 -&gt; Earth Day 
@Willie_Day26 - Hate to sound greedy...but what we gonna get if we do that? 
Booking Mothers Day Brunch Cruises....how fun it will be 
Day 2 in Dallas starting off much better....in new hotel....good night sleep finally  Oh and girls are playing some good vball
&quot;like a summer breeze with sunshine yes you are&quot;  Day 26 - Reminds me of you  @iamdiddy You guys did it mayynne!!!! i Love the album 
@brianangelday26 well i hope your personal life gets better for you!  &lt;33 you! and the rest of  Day 26 :  )
Ight, bed right now, Mass in the morning, Day spent working on the sites, then the gym and dinner with the fam bam  Goodnight everyone ;)
I might smoke some Salvia for Bicycle Day.. that's the strongest plant I've got on hand. 
I guess this is it..  Time to retire this Day; such a Great Day, I hate to see it go!!  I Can't Wait till Tomorrow!!!  Life is Good!!!  
@FaithfulChosen Tomorrow night and Tuesday is Holocaust Memorial Day here, very sad days, so I'll work on the vid to cheer me up 
Day 282.  4 am wake-up.  Who says I won't be ready for a baby getting up in the middle of the night!! Bring it!! 
Sunny Day  ...and back to work tomorrow 
Little Ashes Movement Day 13!  http://tinyurl.com/c6cqh4
Jeff Hardy Pic Of The Day  http://twitpic.com/3lbc4
The 40th Day. I want it. 
@AS_King  we're open Sundays now through Labor Day, 10am-4pm 
@Marielhemingway gotta ask - recipe for blisscuits??   Day 1 of Prevention FB Diet for me.  (I know, shouldn't &quot;diet&quot;)
Day game means I'll be home by 5 or 6. Then nap time... and free coffee all day in the meantime. 
@MariaBernal One Day Maria...One Day...A writing staff we will both have. 
Day three of the loyal Earth Festival http://iclips.net/loyalearth, 10 hours of shooting last night, got a ride home 3 a.m. thankfully. 
Garage Sale Day!! Come on Down 
@Willie_Day26 Maybe you should offer him a piece of gum and eliminate the problem 
@bobbiehouston yes yes,, that sounds like a terrific idea! Twitter of the Day 
@dean_cummings Me too! Day of that is not off to see and osteo-doo dah 
the final days to get my A-levels: Day 25: 5 Hours school but no teacher is coming, as always 
Day 1 of broadband training  4 sleeps to go!
Beach Day !  . Rockin Off Peers. 
It's my B-Day!!!  just one step closer to gettin married, have kids, and putting a shotgun to my head
Looking forward to a productive day. Some research, some housework, trying some new recipies and a little bit creative stuff. Good Day 
Patriot's Day...Sox playing early game  Looking for a sweep.
@MythbustrBeauty My b-day is on Earth Day! 
I want my money back for buying Day26 new cd! 
I want my money back for buying Day26 new cd!  (via @freddybonline) mee too
Just kidding. Day off.  I'm okay with it !
Song for the day &quot;It's A Beautiful Day!&quot; - U2 of course 
Make that 0 Attack Day 
Day 2 no jacket no bag, just me and my lucozade, omg it's beautiful out here, here comes the sun are you ready fot the sound of Scooter!! 
it's a beautiful day in madrid! perfect for - um - sitting inside and listening to lots of great accessibility talks at Day 2 of #w4a09 
What are You Grateful for this Miraculous Day?  (via @LoriMoreno)::: that @marikurisato and @liquidwings are both feeling better 
Monster Day of TV shows to catch up on, however first i will put on The Matrix 
Day two. Just started. 
I can't think of a  way to accurately describe last night; even &quot;horrific&quot; would be an understatement. Day of Silence today. No talky. 
@workingmoms A Great Day to get organized 
Week one over and I achieved something amazing. I survived smiling http://tinyurl.com/dlczov  
@djladybullet OMG! Memorial Day Weekend marks the ten year anniversary of An' What?! I luuuuuv you! 
@goodlaura I will do that  and twitpics after the event! Hoping for just before Memorial Day.
check out my International Thalassemia Day fundraiser details on May 8th ...&quot;Give a little love, have a little hope...&quot; Spread the word! 
Okey, checking out and enjoying Aloha Lei Day Friday  Have fun, be safe!
I got my Green Day ticket all because of my Belgian chickas!!! 
Next: The Best Day 
Sunny Day today  going to have a good day once work is over 
Wow its Early :-O     Beautiful Day Thoo.. .. perfect Waterfight Weather Maybee  xo
Day trip by bike with @pietropietro! Destination: unknown, somewhere around London though... 
Yaaay, going to see Green Day with my baby @xxAnixx and I guess a few few few more of my friends 
@Matthew_Day Haha might do 
Smile w/ @MariahCarey @NickCannon awww 2 turtle doves  http://i5.photobucket.com/albums/y175/hanniUndNanni/bet3.jpg - Pic of the Day #6
Morning world!!! Going to buy a few things in town, it's look like a stunning day today, so will take dog with us, Have a good Day all 
listening to Green Day's new song! 
Up and getting ready for Tony's Graduation Day.  I hope his pain in the ass behavior ends with his graduation.   love ya honey!
Day started early. Last night was pure fun n funky. T Lets see how today is goin to be 
GW Day 1! What are YOU doing? 
Derby Day Challenge - keep racehorses from slaughter http://bit.ly/derby-day-thanks to @ChezChevaux for their work. 
THANK YOU. exactly how i feel about &quot;Earth Day&quot;. pffft. &quot;You know what I think? Once we die out, Earth is going to have a 'People Day'&quot;. 
@Willie_Day26 ima be seeing you and the rest of day26 tomorrow!! Hopefully that made you smile!! 
Good morning tweeps! Day 2 begins now! Wish me luck! 
@Iamthejoe Prize? Let me know what product you need to buy next ~ then check our Deal of the Day 
Going to my first Free Comic Day (event?) later (with my mother, who's decided to tag along). 
@rawdawgbuffalo Bill Withers...Lovely Day is my favorite song. 
Finished work and about to have dinner! Glad got Green Day tickets yesterday for October, wheeeey 
Good Day Twitter Birds...hope all is well in your piece of the World... 
@SolCanFly  E day stands for Elii Day! 
Senior Skip Day yesterday in Ventura. Interesting, I found out the beach can be very relaxing even with khakis and a collared shirt 
went shopping. Bought a pretty top, shoes and quilting fabric. Today is a Good Day. 
@myrandalove Definitely!  and to think i made my acc whilst it was raning. and i was listening to Godsmack, the song &quot;One Rainy Day&quot;.
The Day They Discovered Pi http://bit.ly/hyell to the tune of American Pie 
http://twitpic.com/4gtmr - Everyday is a Betsey Day 
Day 2 of walking , only 6 miles today thank god , cant wait to go home today ! 
gave in to temptation &amp; ordered some really cute digi scrapbooking kits from kaymillerdesigns.com in honour of National Scrapbooking Day! 
was drunk for the past two days, has glitter in her hair and has no money left. I guess no country celebrates May Day as the Finnish do. 
unexpected day off!  I'm off to the picnic, watch the May Day parade and enjoy general frolicking on a beautiful spring day 
@mileycyrus Green Day new cd on the 15th and you on the 16th. woo!! 
Day two of Bamboozle has begun. Sore and burnt from yesterday and now its raining again  gotta love this random weather. Its gonna be  ...
thanks to @someecards for letting me know that Teacher Week starts today...hopefully by the end of it I will &quot;officially&quot; be a teacher... 
Did a Derby Day Pet Party, a terrific experience. Read the photos of their pets and everyone had a great time!  I LOVE doing what I do.
@RoobieRockstar I just noticed on the GDA forums that Green Day have confirmed the Aussie tour starts December! 
@Willie_Day26 you guys should really come to my college!! 
@Willie_Day26 watching it 
new Green Day video.  best band ever. don't care what you think.
@kingbenharlum I didn't even know it was Star Wars Day and I'm in the middle of a SW marathon 
- just got home; had fun with AC; tomorrow is Day 1 of my celeb image. 
@Willie_Day26 Chitown is better boo 
Tickets for Green Day's show here in sweden will be relised today!! 
Independence Day at 1 a.m. Freak yes! 
Waiting for the Green Day tickets to be released! 
At the office... Let's buy Green Day show tickets!! 
@kyleandjackieo or, Green Day: boulevard of broken dream, Hinder: lips of an angel, Howie Day: collide - that was such a nice song 
gonna knit a felted heart toy for mum for Mothers Day. she's so great (not really) she loves anything i give her  luv ya mummy
// happy Star Wars Day everyone, May the 4th be with you 
Half Marathon Training Day # 1 ......... 
Omg! Star Wars Day!  May the fourth be with you everyone  This calls for me to watch at least 1 film tonight.
Apparently its Star Wars Day today - so May the 4th be with you  http://tinyurl.com/axsujx
Happy STAR WARS Day - May the fourth be with you! 
I'm so stupid! It's Star Wars Day!!! May the 4th be with you!!! 
May the 4th be with you -&gt; heute ist Star Wars Day 
Picture Day for 3 YO preschooler. Light blue striped utton down and kahkis.  Wonder what color they will be when I pick him up in 3 hours 
@CustomCreation - We drank ours away, May Day Bank Holiday today 
Yes... today is Star Wars Day!    May the 4th be with you!
Day 8 of the 30 Day Shred and Day 5 of Special K Challenge... I feel fantastic. 
Today in a Week, I am 18.. yiha 
Day 2 of back to work , Day 1 went allllllllright I was only exposed to the swine flu for 8 hours so thats ok I think? Just wash my hands 
@frumioj  Cheeeessseee! We were in Ireland when the latest W&amp;G aired. In-laws had to put up with my blocking the telly on Christmas Day.
@ThisIsRobThomas Did you know its Star Wars Day today... May the 4th be with you! 
'You Are What U Eat' isn't EXACTLY true.. 'You Are What U Digest' TodayISaProsperous &amp;Productive Day! ThankUJesus!  BeYEBlessed! hee hee
@Essyxx Happy May Day and Star Wars Day 
yay, Me and Linn and the Globe and Green Day and just... 
@markhoppus not cool, Mark, this song is going to be stuck in my head all day. but I love you, anyway... is it Star Wars Day today? cool 
neighborhood research today, Day 1 of 5....and a little bit of shopping 
This is great!  I just found out that it's Star Wars Day.       &quot;May the 4th&quot; be with you!  Have you hugged your Ewok today?
Day of writing 
First Day for research at Edmonton General 
Happy Star Wars Day // Will Week 
@JRKNaughtyNurse Yep, @thespunkyone that B-Day kiss is gonna happen, right @JonathanRKnight 
@4ut I am ok, I think I will just take the attitude that Mothers Day is an invented Hallmark holiday from now on 
Mothers Day 
That's how you go from series to season. The days of being an elite team are over in Dallas. EPL Derby Day tomorrow. Tell me what I miss. 
@watsjaydoin I've got 18 yr @ home &amp; 26 out the house &amp; they're always here! AND they bring FRIENDS! WHY?  Hope you have a blessed Day!
Watching One Fine Day while eating my cereal. Start a good sunday with a good movie 
Getting ready for mothers Day!...I love my mom!! 
My 1st Mothers Day Tomorrow 
May 10 is Human Kindness Day.  
Pulled out the breakfast sausage for Mothers Day. Hopefully the baby sleeps in 
4 hours till Mothers Day Party  Yeah!  
I'm trying to decide if I want to go camping for Memorial Day...any help from my twitter friends? 
Day dreaming of Fuzzball and SNL  http://fuzz-ball.com/twitter
checked out Green Day on demand &amp; saw the new live videos. U were right, they did blow my mind  I love u SGB, even more all the time, Mom
Anyone else go train tripping on National Train Day?  http://tinyurl.com/p2l88x  Leave a comment of your adventures on the site.  
Enjoying my Mommy Day!!!!  
Listening to the new Green Day album  Fingers crossed!
@Matthew_Day no timelike the present 
Mothers Day actually gets better as your kids get older. Amazing homemade card, drawing &amp; breakfast in bed. My girls rock! 
 Mothers Day
@FatherBart Very impressive. To write Mothers Day haiku. You are good at this 
BBL...off to have my Mommy's Day breakfast. 
@mrskutcher in Poland Mothers Day is on 26th May. 
@djle1509  Have a great Day.
happy Mothers Day from comedy magic for corporate events...or umm just from Matt 
Still a lit bit hangoverish :o) listen the new Green Day Album   http://bit.ly/12pno4
@Dannabug happy Mothers Day! 
Mothers Day! I love you Mami 
Happpy Mommmma Day! im gonnna make my mommmy some breakfast now 
cooking for Mothers Day 
@snackiepoo Invisible Day!  I like it
wooh so House' Stacy was in The Day After Tomorrow 
Mommy's Day!!!!!! 
Mommy's Day!! Yay! What are you doing today? It's kinda cloudy out but that won't stop my sunshine! 
Mothers Day brunch at the Ritz- amazing food with my favorite people ever 
is having a great Mothers Day! 
Day 2 on my own: garbage out at curb, lunch packed, clothes ready for tomorrow, tea mug washed and on the counter. Almost bed time. 
@jojoballz [: Have fun today doing Mothers' Day things? lol 
Goin to collect my Mommas Day massage!!! 
Mothers Day is hard for me on so many levels...2 b honest Im glad its almost over!! I did love hearing so many share their joyful day!!! 
check out our Item of the Day! Perfect for your little flower girl  http://emmalinebride.com
Oh. It's a Green Day special tonight on this radio station. That's awesome. They're gonna play songs off the new album. 
chillin' out, done with outside for right now - so, i'm vegging listening to the new Green Day CD! 
It's Yuan's Day Out today. 
Day long migraine FINALLY going away. Tomorrow I'll do my make up WS homework and some job hunting. 
@pacificbird Awww, thanks. I'm just so exasperated so clearly moaning about it too much!  No cures yet. Day by day.
@Willie_Day26 u was lookin sooo good on 106 tonight 
Day's leave tomorrow  Why is it that the weather has been fab for the past 2 weeks, but as soon as I book a day off, the forecast is rain?
Day started with carpentry at 0645.  I'm getting the hang of this craftsman thingie now 
Today is International Day Against Homophobia, visit http://www.idaho.org.uk for more info   ^
Hey! Am on ultra106five.com right now for the next 4 hours or so for Compassion Day - sponsor a child 2day 
Oh yeah! I slept real good  Day had better be even better!
1 Day To Go!!! &lt;3 Greendays new albums out tomorrow, and I'm buying it! 
Day old pop corn? Still yummy. 
@charlienorth You are getting some nice feedback on TunA the Day today 
@Willie_Day26 good luck im goin to keep yall in my prayers hope you have a safe trip. 
This will keep you smiling all day  http://tinyurl.com/Wonderful-Day
@Willie_Day26 i love you guyssss 
Unexpected package of fan mail arrived via my kiddo from school's Career Day visit. Very touching &amp; humbling. 
@Willie_Day26 It was great seeing u yet again.... Thx for coming hun 
Last Day of College 
@DrJennifer Me, too. Day job, volunteer work, and night job. It's been quite busy lately, but good. 
Day's going pretty smoothly, a few emergencies this morning but we're handling. Now we're just worried about gettin the swine flu  JK
@ghost82 they're playing the new Green Day in it's entirety on a radio station in Seattle...not bad so far 
@gospelpundit Have a Blessed Day! 
going to get the new Green Day album tonight!!!!! 
Day off  What to do???Hmmmmm
watching Ferris Bueller's Day Off!!!  
About to watch Green Day on &quot;SNL.&quot; Their new album is awesome. 
Bout to watch SNL w Green Day 
Greeen Day is preforming! They're rad. 
Just got done watching SNL, and it was good  Now I'm listening to the new Green Day album. I'm loving 'last night on earth' I'm sap lol..
Green Day was great on SNL tonight.  
Will Ferrell &amp; Green Day. 
Wow Green Day' 21st Century Breakdown was released 17 May... Buying it  (Sembawang has 50% discount storewide now)
Watching SNL...Green Day just came on. 
Watching Green Day on SNL.  Awesome. Yup.
Green Day is ROCKING it out on SNL  &lt;3333 i missed them so much.
Going to town and celebrate Norway National Day!!! Happy 17 May to all!!!! 
Still listening to Green Day 
@Tertia Well guess what, I did go sleep  lol How is mom and baby on Day 3?
Hurray for Norway's National Day! 
By the way, today is the International Day Against Homophobia. 
The Spanish Phrase of the Day has to do with... TRAVEL  To subscribe http://tinyurl.com/o9ejczabout 10 hours ago
is still rocking out to Green Day. @ayi, oo. alam ng lahat yan.  fact of life. divine law na baliw si jane. wahaha.
Yes.  It's decided.  Xander and I are having a Pyjama Day and going to do absolutely bugger all today!  Yayness!  
@grum Groundhog Day .. 10 points for me 
Week started as hectic as ever!! 
I am at work n getting ready to go home and go to sleep!! Can't wait until Memorial Day weekend, we're gonna have so much FUN!!! 
@Kyra028 oop oop sorry hon I never saw them honest, how's the repo biz then? Day off I hope? Meeting a mystery man later ? 
I think I'm going to reShred and start a new 30 days.  Today was Level 1, Day 1.  God I love being done with that workout.    #shredheads
Norway's National Day,  today! 
Day of party 
@taneliang oh! I understand now. I think I might get it off of amazon. It's only $5 for Green Day's new album!  #greenday
Day at the pool in Florida. I mean home 
Day off. sitting at the house.....going to dads later.  
Delonge Day 
@Dannymcfly http://twitpic.com/5d624 - Already the new Green Day's songs ? Wouououh  Can he sing ? xD
@drpants You guys sound nothing like Green Day, but you're still pretty darn good! 
has been listening to 21st Century Breakdown pretty much all weekend, and it just gets better and better. Thank you, Green Day! 
Bought the Green Day album 
I have a feeling that Green Day will dominate once again. I cant wait 
Mike (from Green Day) has a very nice singing voice  i like it.
Have been celebrating our National Day all day  (nice times) Now I'm chilling out with some blog reading (also nice!!) HIPP HIPP HURRA!
'21st Century Breakdown' is one of those rare albums I can listen to completely without skipping a track!! Green Day rules!! 
Now I need to fill the belly !! Bbl luviez !! have a awesome Day 0 the Lord 
I'm excited! My BFF has backstage passes to Green Day in July in NYC... will SO be there  (yeah, a little celeb-crush on GD)
@Patricia_R_Hall naw, avoid at all costs. Green Day way better. BTW, you are currently my most prolific Twitterer.  
@mydailyheadache Dookie is amazing... hence my username! I love Green Day!  #greenday
Great Day for buying sneakers! 
Eating my pizza. Green Day on the radio, sitting by the window, watching people walk down bustling Harvard Street.  
Big Day Today!!! Wedding activities already underway! I guess there's no changing our minds now! 
irthdayyyy!! + 1st Day at New Office on the same day 
Celebrated our National Day all day long, flags, sun, warmth, happy people, packed full Trondheim, ice cream, hot dogs, beautiful 
Beautiful Day 
@Matthew_Day bye 
obsessing over Green Day,... the old days are back and in full effect!!! can't wait for thursday and fridayyy!!! 
Am thinking of going out Memorial Day.  No work.  
@caramelswtheart Hope you had a safe trip back, sorry we couldn't kick it. Be down there for Memorial Day 
@meganmansyn Awesome, then I have some time!  Are you going to Green Day? I'm not sure if you like them or not.
@Dan1991 oh wow! we have no school tomorrow out here  It's Victoria Day, so we have a holiday! 
bout to add FOB, Green Day and Blink t shirts to my order 
Day 2. 7 followings, 7 followers... No bad for first day 
Rob Ill start Day 1 with you! 
Early Gym Day 2morrow. Sleepy time. Tomorrow my crusade to reach the music supervisor of weeds begins.  I believe I can, so I shall. 
just gone back from studying. off to Denee's. listening to Green Day's new cd. GOD I can't wait for aug to C them 
@nmpty3 Not a problem  Have a great Day! 
Another Beautiful Day 
Morning! Day 1 of Maximuscle Challenge so started with hot water &amp; lemon and Thermobol. Egg white omelettes &amp; mushrooms in 30 mins 
Back home, making some homefries for dinner then bed, work again on Victoria Day for 8 hours, paid for 20 hours work 
STS-125 Day 7 Highlights in HD http://preview.tinyurl.com/qpljve A trying day it was, great to see brute-forcing is always an option 
Day 1 done. So far, it's all good.  Got to get used to standing from scratch! - http://tweet.sg
Free Day  soon off to my beloved boyfriend &lt;3
Day off plus wake n bake 
&quot;5ive a Day&quot; - we follow members of boyband 5ive as they struggle to eat their daily recommended intake of fruit and vegetables (@lukens) 
@jamesdoc The last Green Day album? I thought it was amazing, I absolutely love it  Why? Did you not like it?
Signed up to attend CILIPS conference (Branch Group Day) in June - a summer of library conferences - yay! 
We'd like to thank furychick for the Judgement Day play by play at the forum. Nice work 
@Elvisduran I met Gteen Day, got their autograph and had it tattooed on my ankle 
@videogametweets and heres my Collectors Item of the Day  http://i43.tinypic.com/21ocuc6.jpg
@videogametweets and heres my Collectors Item of the Day  http://i43.tinypic.com/21ocuc6.jpg http://twitter.com/TinyPicTweets/statuses ...
Day Off Today! Woohoo!   &lt;33
@gzj you are coming up for your 10k celebrations then!! 
@mikebelluckf yes thanks I thought so! Might start a Word if the Day Club! 
@videogametweets and heres my Collectors Item of the Day  http://i43.tinypic.com/21ocuc6.jpg http://twitter.com/TinyPicTweets/statuses ...
@videogametweets and heres my Collectors Item of the Day  http://i43.tinypic.com/21ocuc6.jpg http://twitter.co.. http://tinyurl.com/oo ...
Day off...well...we'll see about that 
@videogametweets and heres my Collectors Item of the Day  http://i43.tinypic.com/21ocuc6.jpg http://twitter.co.. http://tinyurl.com/oo ...
@videogametweets and heres my Collectors Item of the Day  http://i43.tinypic.com/21ocuc6.jpg http://twitter.com/TinyPicTweets/statuses ...
happy Victoria Day to all you Canadians. And happy &quot;you get a raise&quot; day to the assistant! 
I Love it When the Day starts with warm Sunshine! 
@cx42net Is it the Rules Day ?  I enjoyed the ones about boosting productivity 
Checking out Judgment Day photos 
And Lou Reed's &quot;Perfect Day&quot; comes on the winamp. Even my music player is cued in on my mood, how hilarious 
Last Day of School! Hopefully chilling with Donnie tonight!! 
Is it too late to send a St. Patrick's Day card? I THINK NOT!  Final at 12:30, apparently! F.A. &amp;more cards! Also, tons of Data 2 review!
Quote of the Day: &quot; A man in this world without learning is as a beast of the field &quot; 
Morning everyone! And happy Victoria Day to my fellow Canadians! Enjoy your day off 
Got Memorial Day back, hooray for time and a half next week 
Day 2 in Florence, love it!  
Week alone.. no parents..  YAY!!
@Kenichan I think so, although in Quebec they call it Patriot's Day because they are not huge fans of the Queen 
@TriggaD ne-hao (pronounced nee-how) = Good Day 
@Tahbepet Victoria Day!  No sleep, 2 kids, sick dog &amp; lunch date to get ready for!  Sunshine though and fireworks later so will be nice 
Oh yea Happy Victoria Day!! Canadians!!! Que viva Victoria Day!!!  Yes no school!!!
I will be in KC Memorial Day Weekend.   Hit me up if you will b 2!
Yaye for Victoria Day! Whoever she was, I like her a whole lot for giving me a monday off 
It's Victoria Day! 
Official Day 1 of my transformation before I turn 50 in August. Going into serious training for the next 90 days. Wanna join me?  
Graduation Day!!! Rhetoric Commencement at 2PM...chillin' with the fam till then! Yay 
@GadgetGolfer I liked it. Nothing crazy new, just Green Day. Helps that I only paid $5 too.  
Day off work. Got up early. Already started on the housework. As soon as the house is sorted it's - game time! Yay! 
Memorial Day weekend is going 2 start w/ me n my kids watching Terminator Salvation later today, oh yeah 
Listening to 21st century breakdown - Green Day 
Day old pizza is good 
Memorial Day 2008 in NYC: http://bit.ly/mrdPS  Good old times! 
@banerji1 Day was good, calm. TY. Watching the late news then off to bed. 
Day 14: vision equal and improving. Legally could drive but don't feel safe to do so. Reckon I am about 6/9 ish. Fog lifting- finally! 
vibing all weekend &amp; studying for Final Exams...Memorial Day weekend..it's already here 
Listening to Green Day. Getting my hair done later 
Day off  lovely long sleep and now time to finish a few things off from this week before going meeting the boys
Filing Clearance Day and cake 
@missvirtue thanks  noo I'm still in pain, gosh I'm so bored at home.. Day 3 today  I need things to do... X
Looks like it's 'Weird Picard' Day  via @daveconcannon:  http://bit.ly/Zqwcp
Day shopping  fun times
is going to see A Day To Remember twice this year 
@broadwaycalls RE:Fall tour This wouldn't happen to have anything to do with Green Day's European dates would it? 
Four Day Weekend 
Awh. Green Day has gone soft on all of us. Still love those guys. 
It is Indianapolis, and it is almost Memorial Day Weekend!  Indy 500 time--and we are really excited about going!    Hooray! 
Memorial Day Weekend 
Which is better: Fuzzball or Memorial Day  http://fuzz-ball.com/twitter
looking forward to a day of work and then Memorial Day weekend! Perhaps we'll go canoing! 
Memorial Day weekend! Just today and 3 days off! 
@emilyrobe What a boy. You have taught him well  Friday is &quot;Chore Day&quot; in my house. We get cleaning done today, so we can chill all w/end.
Roll out Summer 09!! Memorial Day weekend with the fam!! 
Day 2 of track &amp; field @ school - not as sunny or hot so maybe my burn will have time to rest. OFF day of training-long ride tomorrow 
Yusss! It's Blue-White Day/Yearbook Day! 
Field Day 2day! Remember those? I get 2 spray kids all day with a water hose while they go down a water slide 
Morning sun is up-hubby home wrkng right now so Rose &amp; I have to be quiet-shush!  Day 2 Zyrtec! Throat still scratchy but eyes are better!
Day of shopping 
@SexySus1e hope its the new #Green Day album - 21st Century Breakdown? 
@Day2DayPA  not daggy at all... im joining you 
At Carb Day....drinking all day long 
Here's your Song of the Day  To me, it's talking about how you shouldn't be afraid of things ending badly, tr... ? http://blip.fm/~6t2gp
-such a Beautiful Day already..!! Tgif 
D-Day is upon us. As in D-last-day-to-pack. Move tomorrow. I am ill-prepared. But...I am getting a lot of writing done. 
Memorial Day weekend=lax championship weekend! 
Song of the Day: Something to motivate me and bounce around to.  ? http://blip.fm/~6t3m4
Field Day.2 
is super psyched it's Friday. No plans this weekend except for pancakes, hiking and avoiding Memorial Day tourists 
is happily anticipating Memorial Day weekend and the start of &quot;summer&quot;.  
Beautiful Day in Winchester!  ...off to get the car washed and then to the gym 
at GMA for Green Day! 
TGIF!! Everyone have a wonderful and safe Memorial Day weekend.  
will be taking photos later today at the Memorial Day Kick-off Concert at Town Center Park! Happy Memorial Day! 
TGIF have a great Memorial Day weekend!  http://bit.ly/GCLyh
Ahhhh silence is golden - except for the welcome interruption of Green Day  *rocks out*
yay!  Memorial Day weekend is soon here!!!  
Thanks for the #followfriday love  @Elaine_Weddings @RelentlessBride @citygirllife Have a great Memorial Day weekend!
Today's Graduation Day !!!!!  Amexiuz 4 ever !
Good morning!   What is everyone up to this Memorial Day Weekend?  Dh has a 4 day weekend.
Just watched two classic films back to back - Groundhog Day, then HSM2. 
Headin back to NJ soon for Memorial Day weekend-- seeing my dad's new house and celebrating a bunch of bdays 
35% off Memorial Day Weekend Sale at http://redpanda.etsy.com! Now you can snag some high quality chainmaille at an affordable price. 
Day two of Hello Beautiful pre pro.  Things are going great and history is in the making.  
&quot;Safety Day&quot; at the school = no emails from Tommy, but perhaps a text or two between events. Early day for him/early start to the weekend 
Looking forward to a beautiful and relaxing weekend and Game 3 tonight!! Happy Memorial Day Weekend 
Cloudy with a chance of Sunshine..that''s how I like it  Are you ready for the fabulous Memorial Day weekend? What's on the menu?
5000+ page views on Day One. not a bad start. 
@mike_nelson YES! That motel is the prime spot, there's always a lineup of motorcycles at Memorial Day. Too funny 
Day off today  yay
@JKern_MOD Joe, thanks for your Memorial Day email just now. Nice to get surprised by something not business related for a change 
TGIF and Memorial Day Weekend! Loungin by the POOL all weekend! Who's  going to join us? 
OMG... What a Beautiful Day!!!  
Song of the Day...........&quot;Party Starter&quot;  by Will Smith 
@zer0Hawke Not much really. Day off today so I've done some housework, gardening and treated myself to a beer and steak in the pub! 
Make me change my profile name! argh!  Memorial Day
@___Carla___ im paying more to see the jonas brothers than Green Day. LMAO. i dont even care  good seats?
@cassieventura Day 26 Are SOo GOoOoD 
Daydreaming about having THREE days off in a ROW...yay for Memorial Day Weekend!!! 
Last Day at home... hoping for a good day. 
Yay! Memorial Day weekend is here and this year I live on the beach  I can already smell the coconut lotiony goodness!
A few more hours until Memorial Day weekend with my love! 
submitting a photo to NBC 4 that I took of a soldier @ New Ro's Memorial Day parade ... I hope they use it 
@RobKardashian Day 1 tomorrow? hehehe. Night, rob. 
Day before that is my birthday 
Don't forget, Thursday is International Hug A Musician Day! 
Question of The Day:Why does the Easter bunny carry eggs? Rabbits don't lay eggs ooor do THEYY???........no they dnt i googled it  jk
??? ? Towel Day ????? ? ???????????  ? ?????.
Meg emailed me and is a good bet for the Labor Day weekend trip, although may just join us for a day....I'll finally get to meet her  
Evry1 is asking why am i covering my afro today? Bad afro Day 
Day 5 juice fast. Not sure how long I'll go.  Rather than let the entire fridge go bad everything has been juiced. Ph:5.9-6.0  calm+zzzz
Oh man. Today was his P-Day but he didn't write me. Maybe he had Zone Conference again and will write tomorrow!  Haha.
@Hanginloose Morning Bob! How was your Memorial Day? Mine was ok, no complaints 
I have about 10 magazines and newspapers on my desk that I want to read... but just can't find the time...  need my own Prof. Dev. Day! 
@ErinCReed Tell @benchrisman to wear his B-Day suit! 
Groundshog Day is an awesome movie.  I would definitely recommend it.
Groundhog Day is an awesome movie.  I would definitely recommend it.
Tara Fact of the Day: Unlike most girls I NEVER have and never will wear extensions or wigs, my hair is 100% my own, ALWAYS! 
http://twitpic.com/664ow - Day freee  almost back to normal
Whats everyones plans for Memorial Day Weekend? Maybe we should all go to...... Maine? 
Might as well be a long weekend with this Grad Skip Day thing tomorrow.  
@jagregory just wondering if it was possible or not.  I'm guessing not!   Maybe I should try and do a sponsored &quot;Sensible Day&quot;
@filjedi as always - I do that but depends on how excited the session is.  First Day and Last Day keynotes are exciting. No tweeting then.
Pay Day too  
Right now nI`m sitting in school, and we must work on our Estland Project for the Europe Day 
