Most common words for this cluster:
[('day', 420), ('work', 419), ('hours', 10), ('hour', 10), ('busy', 6), ('school', 6), ('yay', 6), ('week', 6), ('squarespace', 4), ('amp', 4), ('days', 4), ('start', 4)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'day', 0.7642790675163269), (u'work', 0.7496098279953003), (u'hours', 0.5445923209190369), (u'workday', 0.5322572588920593), (u'week', 0.5066379308700562), (u'working', 0.5049901008605957), (u'days', 0.4977535009384155), (u'weekends', 0.4895750880241394), (u'Brainiac_Learn_something', 0.4891747832298279), (u'time', 0.4866665303707123)]





Trying to talk myself into being excited about a long day at work!  
work all day long 
is going to have another busy day at work 
Such a nice day out and I'm stuck at work 
is not happy to be at work on this gorgeous day 
it's a nice day out, and i am @ work. 
Last day at work 
Its so nice outside. What a day to be at work 
just to wake up and spend another day at work! 
work all day! yay me! sundays are not fundays for me 
work all day, 
Ugh another day at work 
work and homework all day 
has been in all day and no work done!  I need to fix up!
@CHRISDJMOYLES morning. Not good as it's my first day back at work after 2 weeks of 
Beginning my work day with low moral 
Looking forward to a very long day of work.. 
Another day of work 
What a gorgeous day to be back at work 
such a nice day. would love to be heading to brecon on the bike, instead I'm stuck in work all day, then going to college all evening 
at work...hopefully not another 12  hour day 
dreading the first day of work 
just threw up at work. great start to the day. 
Sitting in work on my day off 
had a busy day off yesterday now back to work work work! 
@MirkleyJo and another day at work 
@@@@@@@@@@@@@  work dammm so lovely day 
has a long day at work. 
last day of work 
Another day of work and homework 
i hate waiting around all day just to go into work 
My work day begins now  *sigh*
I think I need to get up  another day at work.
wonderfully slow start to the day. BUt now for shopping and then on with work 
I hate 12 day work weeks. 
@work  out all the day!
back to a five day work week 
And so begins another 16 hour work day. 
is about to start another long day of work 
getting ready for another day at work 
Getting ready for work... I feel like I didn't even get a day off 
ready for the day to be over already...work until 5..can't do it 
getting ready for an exciting day at work 
Its an ugly day, omw 2 work 
Another day at work. This will be a tough week 
first day back at work 
I'm at work on my day off... 
going to bed! work at 10:00 its going to be a long day 
my last day of work..... i'll miss them soo much.   if you guys want to hang out you know i'm free!
i'm so tired. work was stressful. i injured a customer. i didnt talk to @heykari all day. ugh. and now i'm going to sleep. work at 9 am. 
relaxing after a long day at work 
work all day 
another work day, another bored day 
Pffff busy day  swarmed with work
a shelf fell on me the other day at work and i still hurt. 
had a bad day at work 
long day at work...and just back from a brief break... 
and to have an 8 hour work day.... i already miss teaching 
terrible day at work 
Wishing i could stay in bed all day, but about to do some work instead 
here at work with  pains   I need this day to go by fast!
Such a beautiful day and I'm at work! 
having a sentimental day at work... going through paperwork. not ready to get moved to another branch. 
up and awake....back 2 work 2day 
my last day @ work 
It's pretty bad when the work drama starts before the work day even really begins. 
has had a horrible day at work 
At work on my day off - it sucks 
Trying to stay positive but anticipating a hellacious day at work 
Is up early for my first day at work. This blowsss 
Last day of work!!! before surgery 
last day of work exp 
in the libary 2day! got loads of work to do 
I am trying to drag this work out all day. But I don't think its going to happen 
still not feeling well........10 hour work day ahead of me 
@ work , raining day  2 day of darkness
...blood work makes me weak  there goes my day...
@dkrizia I want to, but I can't make it! I have work that day. 
Getting ready for work some 4day 
Last day before I start work 
showering and heading into work. not the best start to any day 
work all day. and it's so nice outside 
all set for another hard day in work.  
Still soo tired..not ready to get up for the day...work again 
At work... What a miserable day 
work all day 
the day i was planing on doing my work, i havent ...... i leave everything to the last minuet ... 
work all day 
http://twitpic.com/687tm - It was gorgeous all day but once I got off work this showed up 
About to go to bed. Such a slow day at work! 
has a 13 hr day at work!!! 
After a lovely breakfast with the family, now at work on another glorious day 
It's suuch a lovely day and I'm stuck in work serving customers 
heading into work soon. might be a really long day 
Heading to my final day at work 
lovely day, i'm at work 
Another boringly busy day of work 
Morning.. busy work to do all day 
practicing at 12, work at 5 . . . day over 
getting ready for a loooonnnngg day at work 
@lucerotk work  i'm afraid i was most definitely not supposed to sleep all day like i did. haha
At work! 16 hour day...that's what I get for taking another day off!! 
@HaylieK &lt;---- great day. All day long I was at work 
Such a nice day &amp; I'm stuck in 4 walls at work  
Finally out of work. I missed the better half of a beautiful day 
Ugh, I don't get off work until 9. It's so far away  it wouldn't be so bad if it wasn't such a slow day.
Still working on that one page.  I really need to get a day off work just for the comic.  
Is Now in work.. on this HAWWTT day 
At work long day ahead 
working on school work all day 
work all day 
At work all day 
dillo day is officially over  time to actually do work now.
first day of actual work  nerrrrvoussss
exhausted.... long work day!     y do i do it?  arrgh... retail life...
the work is still not done, so the day is still not done 
2hrs sleep = Bad day at work 
... a free day from work and it's rainy, yay 
On the bus heading into work on this very sunny day 
half day at work, then dentist appt. i'd rather have a whole day at work  
first day back at work 
up early. work, then first day of summer session I 
I'm at work, and its such a nice day. No fair! 
at work....long day ahead of me 
@blogginforbiz: It's a sad day when you have to cancel parties for work. 
Another beautiful day and I'm back at work 
Meeting at work- on my day off. 
@Alaerys I'm already at work.  Definitely not staying all day...
I'm at work right now... afer a day off this is not where I want to be 
@ work     The day job...
3 hours sleep does not make for a productive day at work. 
At work on this beautiful day 
My birthday work day has been very stressful so far. 
ugh, first day back at work and i get a six hour shift?   
work. day one of five. this will not be over soon!  *
had the worst day that I have ever had at work.  
Loooooonnnnggggg day at work  I want to go out to dinner.
Going to sleep after a long day of work.  It's like I never left for vacation 
another day of work 
so over work  what a bad day!!!
Hey ho  hey ho  off 2 work again  full day 
Is at work this beautiful day. 
work all day 
The start of a new day...at work 
@eddieizzard brighton is also beautiful and sunny,but im stuck indoors all day at work 
A nice summer day wasting away at work 
is having a suddenly stressful day at work...  
Such a nice day for swimming, but I can't because I have work. 
its a work day...ugh 
4hours of work left !! beeeen a lonnnggg day 
all excited after long crappy day at work, and i cant use it 
@rickgarel was having a bad day at work 
another horrible day at work. 
I'm off to do some work for the French exams, why do two in one day 
longgggg day at work. one of three 
Dreading my work day! 
well folks another glorious day, even thou i havent been out yet, done ironin  work l8r xx
Another day ..at work 
Waiting to wake @NJKYLE1 up so I can leave for work. I want to close the office and just sleep all day ughhhhh 
what a beautiful day! too bad i have work 
is at work and doesn't want to be here. gloomy day 
Last work day and overwork...So nice to be here 
So glad this working day is nearly over 
I've already had a long day and i'm not even at work yet 
Today is going to be a horid day at work 
just woke up and getting ready for my day......work. 
Waiting for the work day to end 
just had a horrible day at work 
what a lonng day at work. and i have to go back in 11 more 
still at work  and been coughing all day 
Last day of work  bittersweet!
long day  at work....and i get to do it all over again 2marow 
I have a day off work (Y) unfortunately I have to fill it with revision 
has a full day of work ahead of him 
so tired. I need sleep! work all day 
work all day 
Doing some laundry before work.... It's a beautiful day and I can't enjoy it 
Another long day at work 
At work   not too bad of a day...yet.
this day has gone incredibly slow...I can't believe it...still at work 
beautiful day and have to put in a days work. 
day 4 of 6 of work...it's so much harder to go when it's SO nice outside! 
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood, unfortunately, I'm at work! 
Is surviving a busy day at work, but not looking forward to sleeping alone tonight 
Today has been the worst day of work yet. 
wishing I could spend ONE entire day with @jayare2.  stupid work!
Another busy day at work. Not to mention we're short handed again like always 
I had such a nice day off it made me homesick   back at work now.
long day of work ! totally exhausted! but wish it was a long day of being an actress instead 
@Meinasblues  SORRY I missed your call the other day...I was at work. How are you?
@MarsBlackmoon been at work ALLLL day... soon headed to bed to do it allllll over again 
well,  this is turning out to be an exciting day!  Just about to fire up the work laptop 
about to start a loooong day at work 
Heading in for a long day at work. 
been up, getting ready for work all day.  woooooo.  
wow work from 1230-9 what a great day... 
On my break at work. The day is going too slow 
is tired from a busy day at work 
what a beautiful day to be doing school work. . .  
Another day at work....supposed to go in at 2 just got called to be there in an hour 
gearing up for a long day of work... 
Ugh..another day of work 
work day  again
another too long day at work, rained all day and my backs killing me 
It&quot;s a sad day at work.   
Going to bed, Then getting up at 7 to goto an all day cemenar for work  Not stoked...
Another day of drone work 
first day at work 
had a productive week, and is utterly exhausted, but still has to get up for her last day of work 
at work and it is boring day 
is @ work first day of a long week 
had a great day at work but is sad to see one of her collegues go 
Getting ready for a long day at work-  
rubbish day back at work 
late day at work...boo 
another day of work. uhhhhhh! 
at work  the stupidst job in the world LoL I can't wait until my last day YAY!
No more going out when I have work the next day  #squarespace
I'm at work and I don't want to be here but I'll be here all day 
tired after the work day 
Bad day @ work 
is at work.. 11 hour work day today 
Is still stuck at work on y day off doing stock take 
awful day at work so far..... i hope it gets better 
2day work as every day  booooring!
740 and I'm already in work hvung been swimming already! What a gorgeous day it's going to be and I'm stuck in here. Only 8 hours to go! 
Another day off work and it's raining boooo 
IIewwwww its pooring! And i have 2 work later 2day 
Another day of work   ..1 down 3 to go
At work for another day!!! 
Another day at work 
Long day of work ahead of me 
What a beautiful day...but I'm at work 
At work all day.  
first day of work 
not feelin up 2 work 2day... call in 
more work to do on my day off! 
work all day 
@NYSOM7 no O has a regular work day 
Is stuck at work on this beautiful day! 
what a long day!! finally out of work and relaxing 
Just got off work...its been a long day 
@hiloveorg mine just offered to blow up my work. I had a bad day 
It's coldddd  Another day at work :/
At work and what a rubbish day 
@rachaelblogs yup! No more sleeps, just a day at work  I just know it will drag!
Another 12 hr work day... 
I'm only in work 20 minutes and already I'm having a bad day 
http://twitpic.com/7lxd7 @ work and it's not going to be a good day I just know it!   #squarespace
Long bad day at work 
Still at work ..... working, it's going to be a long day 
still raining and I've got the day off work 
Another long day work and school until 11 
is getting depressed by the day at her work.. i need a change 
Directing traffic at work what a long day 
@lleitnaker I know.  I've got my laptop at work with me so I can try throughout the day.
Headed 2 work now  lets pray 4 a speedy work day
Too much work for one day....and a hard meeting still to go 
another day of work 
uhg another day of work. 
is exhausted after random day at work.  And missed my lovely boys too much 
Today is a work day 
@carpeweb I wish I could!  Its a nonstop day for me inside at work 
Slooow day at work 
Not enough time in the day...it's one of those days where the more work you complete, the more there is to do! 
is sad about the last day of work! 
well my day off is over so it's off to bed for my regulation five hours sleep before work 
This work day/week is going by so slowly...boo 
awful day at work 
starting another day of work. 
is heading to shabu after an 11.5 hour work day.... back ache, headache, tummy ache 
day off from work tmr, but feels like there's so much unfinished business that i won't be able to enjoy it 
going to sleep, finally! its been such a long day at work. 
Morning another day of work and no play 
starting my day at work and not loving it!  
is not feeling work on this gorge day 
Not having a great day at work 
such a raindy day for work 
i'm having a really bad day at work, i'm so bogged down with work not sure where to start.   
At work and this has been a unlucky day so far 
is having a seriously lazy day for once. work in 2 hours thou  
got out of work early!!! just made my day!!! off to sleep. really want to go to six flags 
is almost finished work for the day but its just started raining 
impatiently waiting 4 the work day to end.... 
@MMHighlights Just finished my work for the day .... and I still have almost 2 hours to go, so I'm bored 
Sitting at work all day  
one more inconsoulable day at work..... 
is tierd after a day at work  whoo got 2 days off now 
had a busy day at work.....tired now 
long day of work 
Ugh! 13 hour work day. 
because @faeriedreamer i work all day   And have crappy cell service at work.
Rough day at work. You were sorely missed. 
Seriously sleep is needed for work damn you grad day I want to party so bad why do I have to be responsible? 
Last day @ work 
is lay in bed wishing he didnt have work 2day, and was back in crete 
is at work 2day  boo!
@Raynecleoud bad day at work 
@humanisthewb was having very trying day at work. 
getting ready for work, not really looking forward to it, I just want to crawl back into bed and sleep the day away...honestly. 
another rainy work day 
Last day at work, then back to school. 
work all day. bed. then up for work again. 
It must be fun project day at work..and when I say fun, I mean sucky. 
all i do day and night is work work work 
half day at work 
failest day at work ever 
I came into work on my day off  
Home going to my last day of work.. 
ugh it's going to be a busy day at work...I can feel it 
Ahhh another day at work! 
@sabrinaxx ooooooooooohh  typical the day i am at work lol
not lookin forward to next 10 days solid work  but is lookin forward to pay day!! july 1st!!
getting ready for another day at work 
@LynCole I'm sorry your work day was so sad &amp; stressful. 
is very beat from first day of work 
loooong day of work ahead  meh!
At work on my day off 
tired.. not feeling 100% and has to go stand outside and work all day 
at work, tired. ready to go home!  its going to be a long day!
Absolutely exhausted. work all day 
At work another 12 or more hour day 
I have a feeling it's going to be a long day at work 
Dreading this looooooong day at work 
another long work day... 
@littledotty i was ridiculously late for work and got told off haha  its just been a very bad day altogether 
first day of work 
what a glorious day! except i have 2 work in 4 hours. 
hasn't had a day completely off work in almost 2 weeks (i think)...and I don't know what to do.  
getting ready for a long day at work... 
@ravinaw lucky you! your work day is almost over. I'm stuck at work til 6 
had a lousy day at work. damn it! 
Another day at work... So beautiful out i do not want to be here 
just got off work!!! I wish i could have layed out 2day!! I feel soooo pale!! 
@ThisStarChild i'm shattered now it's been a long hard day at work x 
yay, another day at work 
I am having the worst f*cking day at work! I shouldah called in to hang out with @aaalie &amp; @tabyyy 
getting ready for bed......not looking forward to a long day at work 
had a bad day at work  and is super confused.
Not a good day at work. 
work all day 
One day of work down...one more to go...then back to class 
Another long day at work 
has a long day of work ahead of her. 
Another long day at work 
At work missing my family on this special day 
@Contore im at work all day... it could rain all day for all that I know... 
at work the day already sucks 
The work day is almost over. I dislike Mondays 
At work...day going by so slow 
3 hours down 7 to go on my first day of work!! 
Going shower for work. Long day ahead, ryan is sick 
@Louisewhysall I had wine tasting once at work..... I was fired the next day 
is working after an 11 hour day at work 
aauugghh...want to leave work early,,,yucky day 
My day off has gone so quickly and it back to horrible work soon 
Just came from work had a long day  !
Going to go work out. Then meetings all day 
19 hour work day so far. 
Relaxing after an very hard day at work, not to mention the 90 degree day. 
One margaritta is my limit after a long day at work. Two is already pushing it, sadly 
Getting ready for another day of work 
Too long day in work 
Is getting ready for a long day at work 
another day at work and i haven't won the lottery 
Having a stressful day at work already and I've still got 11 hours til I finish 
I'll be back at work really soon  that will be a hard day.
At work. It's going to be along day.  #squarespace #trackle
#squarespace #trackle I am sad because I got called off of work  make my day?
starting a work day of 14 hours. 
@Morrica This is very true. But, there's work to be done and if I napped all day like I want to I'd never sleep tonight! 
@reneasaurus either day works for me! 
work all day and then some play 
Finally home from my last day at work. 
Is up for getting ready for work excited  to start the day 
Going to be a v.long day todat,m school work and work work 
Yay easy day at work. 
of to another great day at work 
What a lovely morning ... would be a great day for photography if it wasn't a work day 
is determined to have a great day at work!! 
@indiemum gerald was very, very tasty. he was, shall we say, my just deserts for a hard day at work 
had a splendid day at work! 
getting ready for a long day at work!! 
@judahworldchamp watching you makes my day! keep up the great work 
I feel like I was partying, but I am just ending work.  a long but great day!
Having a busy day at work 
@astroboy All in a day's work for @TheStyleBox 
Just realized I only have a 3 day work week 
One more day at work, then daughter, then more work on my new song  I feel great about this one!
sosoos tired. another day at work 
Home from work, easy day ... 
Fulfilling day at work.  I luv ticking off my to do list.
getting ready  work. ought 2b a short one 2day 
lonnggggggg day.... work, school &amp; then boyfriend 
At work.... I hope you have a wonderful day 
At work my first day as been really good 
is going to bed! my first day of work is tmw!!! 
At work again. a new day has begin 
just got back from work...pheeww!! first day goes well 
exhausted after whole day work, but as it is... to ease stress trying the net 
first day of work for the summer. I hope getting up at 7:00 is always this easy. 
first day of work @ american eagleeee 
is up and enjoying the last day before work starts. 
Off to my first day of work 
Yay for day off from work. 
@AliceSantos Hope you had a good day at work 
@kjs4990 hey.. have a good day at work...  will you follow me??? just asking...  
Morning all. What a gorgeous day. Far too good to be at work 
