Most common words for this cluster:
[('day', 605), ('quot', 596), ('http', 514), ('today', 472), ('home', 425), ('com', 380), ('work', 356), ('time', 338), ('stuck', 319), ('amp', 313), ('tomorrow', 245), ('lol', 231)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'BRIEF_CASE', 0.8379834294319153), (u'PUBLIC_ADDRESS_##/##/##', 0.8373709321022034), (u'LifeFiles', 0.8289306163787842), (u'NEWSWEEK_Cover', 0.8268174529075623), (u'STEVEN_IVORY', 0.8163899779319763), (u"TODAY_'S_EDITORIAL", 0.8162280321121216), (u'TOP_ARTICLE', 0.8150381445884705), (u'LEADER_ARTICLE', 0.8134583830833435), (u'Divorce_Diaries', 0.8127887845039368), (u'LunchTimeWaster', 0.8084094524383545)]





Just watched tropic thunder. Dreading tomorrow 
http://twitpic.com/2y3cf - Filled with curry  the true indian in me is coming out
Evicted 
Came home from Cross County, Tired as 
worked his heart out today, doubling my weight at each station. Result: Stiff and pulled muscles... OUCH! 
@hellobebe I also send some updates in plurk but i upload photos on twitter!  you didnt see any of my updates on plurk? Zero? 
@graemearcher I am sad about Innocent selling out too! 
Used the term &quot;Fail Whale&quot; to a client on a pitch last night. From their incomprehension corp twitter is being done much lower in the org 
@pealuh I think I need to go to Twitterholics Anonymous...... 
driving to schiphol. apperantly I am not the only one. Stuck around aalsmeer 
Motivated to sleep, but I'm feeling quite icky. 
Left head phone has died this morning. 1 head phone to keep me company on my journey 
Know exactly how you feel man  re: http://ff.im/1XTN7
Jammed my finger and it hurts really badly. 
@Djteck Mean 
Morning twitterati...... Large coffee and a bath on top of todays list, first appt 10am then loads of desk work. 
At shell gas station. lunch break. Tired. 
Morning everyone! Stuck in registration for a while then assembley! Nayyy 
Observe &amp; Report was premiering at the Chinese Theater I was driving by slowly but only saw the reporters &amp; red carpet, no stars 
@kremsersenf Away from Tubingen and the Germs, yes, away from friends, not so much 
In a queue for a ticket at Phantasialand. Looks busy, school holidays ftl. Silver Mine and Winjas Fear are closed too 
Wanted to tweet that I was in Victoria! But silly Canadian service wouldn't work. Home now and sad vacation is over. 
I've got such a lot at the moment! Doubt I'm going to get chance to book time off with the family this easter hol's 
@jpiasentin Same, but unfortunately I have to pack now 
Just Sitting ,Waiting  
Stuck on my own at work super stressed. I wish i was somewhere else 
@Hedgewytch oh that's horrible about Innocent Smoothies! we love them, but if they start putting rubbish in them   
Deadline ahead 
@craigelder proof reading Defra Greener Living Fund bid - only a Govt dept could have a grant application deadline this close to Easter 
@leepeesa Story of my life-stop looking and icaisfrank comes again ... What is this I read about a vet visit???  Memories/photos may help?
Another shoe throwing incident! journalist jarnail singh threw a shoe at Home minister chidambaram!! bt missed target 
@justanotherjerk I wanna c &quot;No Doubt&quot; soooo bad!!! 
trying to write an essay in english. Painful 
Stuck inside...poorly little people 
Shattered 
@kangaroogav Preach brother, Special K, Single gammon roll &amp; water, no dinner 
Oh no! Free car park I always use is now Pay &amp; Display. But I have no change 
@forfolkssake Not only is a reply to that email imminent, but also -shock!- that second review that was due yesterday. Housebound is bad 
@trainhitsboy excellent taste as ever and perfect context.  I've never covered a Cure song in public  but have the Scorpions. sick.
Struck down with viral infection, peaved getting ill. 
Wow, I am so going to say this in a sarcastic manner,&quot;Friend, you rock.&quot;. I'm appalled, but kind of expected it. 
Stuck in a Faraday cage today 
@jimmybc Trouble is I'm still with them 
@ChristyDH I watched that on TV at the time and was disappointed with the performance of &quot;Some Riot&quot; compared to the original record 
Drowned in work... 
@SeanGolan  job? what job? and what is PIRG? and does this mean we won't get proper Fetus Tme over a bud light keg after our graduations? 
I'm back in the world.  Funeral was sad. 
Showered, packed, and off to hang with my boys before breakfast and departure. I don't wanna leave 
@aliipattz its not looking good for friday  Cheque didnt come today either. Ill speak to my mum when she gets in though x
@Stazjia True and, lo and behold, it just happened again 
Alcohol + Deadlines = 
Hard to watch the Italian earthquake stuff, so many old buildings gone,hope these aftershocks stop soon 
Stuck in traffic going home. And tank s nearly empty 
@eolai Tea is lovely - accidentally used two bags.  Blocking dog's hole involves lots of brambles. 
I plan on watching the Fast and the Furious later, but now I should really do some work 
Just woke up. I need more sleep. Funeral at 12 
Going to The Works later for another &quot;70%&quot; session.Bloody boring but it's probably all I'm up to(still) for now.And I have rubbish skin. 
@mesirii No!  Ad-hoc meeting spontaneously turned into code camp.
@oliverhudson Thin end of wedge. 
Ill head 
Stuck at home  I watch way to many border patrol programs..watching a new zeland one now. What the hell is MAF?
Smart start + 24 = chipped tooth 
Wrecked my shoes walking through the snoww 
Backed the car over 2 bags of recycleables and had to then clean up the mess in the freezing rain and off to a bad start 
Here we go again. Same old same old. 
Beware of impending MacHeist spam (i want Delicious library 2 ok? sorry  )
The killer toothache is back  test was crappy. Kill me
Why has my i-tunes ceased working?? I was in the middle of loading No Doubt's singles collection on my i-pod 
shot 900 photos today in Kyoto. A few had a black dot on them from dust on the sensor  Fixed now. Sorting them all will be a nightmare.
Jury duty boooo 
@andrewcareaga Tried to listen to the Hold Steady, but there's no way to taste the songs before purchase. 
@Hamperlady Innocent no longer have my custom 
Longest day of the week 
So. Fell asleep at 630. Class in 15 min till 12. 
Free hotel breakfast...worth every penny I paid for it 
@frenchiie. You should be going to study *points finger of shame*. I spent my lunch with my head in To Kill A Mockingbird. 
Praying to get that call back. Unemployed and broke is that worst feeling ever 
... Hard drive - unrecoverable crash; now shopping for another. 
Jacked up morning already. I'm in the emergency room. 
just got an orientation at our new @ work gym! Exciting! But now I don't have an excuse to not work out  lol  #fb
Left my coffee at home 
Awake but still so tiered 
headed home to celebrate the long life of my grandpa  Bittersweet.
@neoblog I feel your pain.  Forced to use my daughter's computer w/vista while my machine with mandriva os awaits repair.  &lt;sniff&gt;
@greenalley Are you a Vfactory fan? Cause I am ^^ and i'm french. But they don't answer me 
Aaaarh!!!! I was doing fine from 1 till 50. Questions 51 to 65 were the a to n kind. luckily that was part A. Part B was much harder. 
Lovely weather outside. Stuck inside. 
Just played abit of &quot;Left 4 Dead&quot;...Scared to bits now 
Hiccups 
Swamped at work....  not a good day      But trying to keep positive... The weekend is not THAT far.
@perrybelcher sure is! Killing me 
Awake after six hours. Win2k desktop PC still works, but network still flaky  I think USB is screwed up or something.
I don't wanna go to school...and find there fake friends  I need an Advice pleaseee!
Hiccups 
Unrelated, I totally left my jacket at the bar last night. 
http://twitpic.com/3i54q - Empty queen e for ballet  it's great too!
@Erardo yeah 3 more hours, maybe sooner (please pray). 50% of my health is all I need to make money. But Ban I'm developing a minor cough 
Excited for the Future Leader Class of 2010! (http://mbcfutureleaders.com) but sad that I've only got two months in the program left! 
@Capuy I'm sure I could get in almost as much trouble here in Tally but I'm stuck on campus, not in a bar... 
upset. not ceeing Short stack or the bride today 
@wilw Doesn't it just make you cry inside to even think that?  Blame canada 
@HejlHavok oh no!  It became Undone. 
Whatching Prison Break  sad only four mor episodes
Broken gas gauge + mechanic driving my bus = thought I had more gas.  @mattbratcher and @briantruong had to push it to the station.
@kristinepratt Pacing is definitely everything. I need to do better with protecting my weekends though. 
@ifoundmycapo  no. Real pls?
Alone on a friday night 
Enjoyed This Is Project last night, mixer later tonight...then studying for finals tomorrow. 
still no word from @davegorman on my #idiotictwitterapps idea for Genius 
Beautiful morning today! Perfect weather....if only I could go for a walk 
didn't go to class yesterday. I was sick. Left the bus near college, and took a cab home. 
Slight hangover 
4 yo's ears hurt so bad she's crying.   Waiting for dr's office to open so I can get her an appt.  At least no snow on the ground here.
Trying to work out which of my projects need the most urgent love. Tempted to go with the easiest, not most pressing 
is B O R E D. Waiting for people to get twitter so i could follow themm! 
Wide awake for no good reason 
Done with breakfast. We're out of Milk 
damn missed #F1 Qualifying! Fell Asleep before 6am!!!!! 
Stuck in hospital until at least monday. 
Stretcher only just arrived - not good 
@ dry cleaner show. Inside.   beautiful day outside.
Lack of energy today 
...or frequantly?  Spell check has ruined me. 
@billpr53 Awww  LOL! True, true. But it's the thought that counts, so thanks!!
@tuiistheworld True (about the working). I've noticed these days that many people don't want to put in the hours but they want the money 
Awake but not by choice 
High: clean salon, great customers! Low: Birds tweeting at 5a waking me up, result super tired! 
Woke up to the Sounds of a Tree being Cut down poor tree 
Rereading the first chapters of my favourite (WIP) fic. Waiting for updates is such a drag and I'm running out of chs to reread 
A beautiful day! Pity I couldnt go to Brabant to paleontological meeting. Wanted to buy book on elephants and whales that were once there 
Left my babe at the airport  going to meet Fabi and Re for a brief lunch and then back home! Mum and sister will be visiting
Perfect golf day and I have to leave for a wedding in 1 hour.. DAAAAAMN.. worst of all is i'm driving so no open bar for me..   
time 4 some Kingdom Hearts 2! will have 2 play frm beggining with Roxas. No Memory Card 
Eyes are so droopy but alarm clock has completely woken me up. 
Stuck at work  Perfect weather outside!!!
Waiting 4 Days Difference 2 call...and  I have no voice. Just great. 
Ill miss anne-ju this week 
@missusP Same problem w/ tberry for us  If you get any info pls let us know... Awaiting news of tweetdeck mobile for bberry
@mudbyalexandra  i paid last time lol..well maybe. Ill ask dad for a few bucks to help out haha
is super pissed cause she missed the guy she like on Chat... 
@luislavena Rake-compiler seems to be conflict with Passenger http://gist.github.com/97767 
ok time 2 go watch Fast &amp; Furious n get my mind off of my crappy life right now 
Broken my wrist snowboarding 
Stuck in traffic on the Cross Bronx 
I'm bummed. Getting our first foster and she turns out to be alpha, just like Heimdall.  Disaster!
There's a fox in the garden  Hide!!!
@JonathanRhys Stuck indoors with the flu and missing my sister's Parma party tonight. 
@hypatiadotca Where are you? Cons almost over &amp; I still haven't seen you! 
Seriously having to force myself from doing the music today. Term papers are unfortunately more important today and that's not fun 
@VANS_66 I wish I was there! Stuck at work 
#ASOT400 Odd transition... anyone know when the video should be up? 
Stuck home tonight 
Retired to bed now, bit of gta ds before sleeping. Hip still poorly 
@OhBlee Same XD I feel...sick though 
@deandrewright Dead Serious. @DJMissBehavior Wordddd. 
Feet hurt from standing on concrete for the last 8 hours. 
doing some knitting &amp; watching the Notebook....i hate how adverts cut up movies  its not a good look
Beautiful day ruined by copious amounts of schoolwork. 
Gutted about arsenal result...especially as other half a chelsea fan 
just finished reading Breaking Dawn... 
@Evaladiva  Rumors say there's a new iPhone out this summer again. Just wait till then and get the new one :p
AHHH  got a little headache.  Quick nap b4 supper to get rid of it..
@scott_mills Gutted! I worked for the fringe last year, won't be back this year 
Panic  still recovering.
Crowd last night was screeming.. must be bcuz we're in Area 2...  Shame #asot400
Totally narked with my recent barber experience. Far too short for comfort  He *was* bald; maybe he hated my flowing locks? #sigh #grr
@Iconic88 i try daily to only think and see what's good.  it's amazing how much better life becomes, but it is hard to do it all the time 
Spilled one of my coffee plants 
Burned my hand super bad! Ow! 
Just watched some weird 80s movie called Satisfaction and the end sucked. 
Crash has shut sh1, have to go back way via mangawhai 
@Jury323 we are gonna miss you tonite... 
Is wondering if the deployment will go by fast this time....  Hard to not think about anymore... especially at night.
@surveillanceguy yup, tweetdeck has been brutal for me since upgrade. Reason why I am missing a lot of tweets 
@maryalmighty Same. 
Halftime...does not look very good 
Setlist had Flowers in the Window as the closing song...they didn't play it.  #travis
I'll probably forget to get A Farewell to Arms for English by Monday. Bleh. Working tomorrow 
Watching Prison Break !! Why do Prison break have to end this season? 
Left phone at friends house.. 
home. bored. last day of vaca tomorrow.  drinking Rally. text mehhhh
@EFsSecretDghter I live in the country... Nearest neighbor is like 100 feet away 
Redundant pieces of code lying here and there, stealing beauty and elegance from the projects's source, 
@BrooklynBoyz Free pizza for your bday??? That would be sweet, but you guys are closed on my birthday (on monday) 
Hurt my back and 3 Vicodin arent helping 
@hblumer I know so sad  Watch Friendly Fires for me tomorrow!
Bloated as fuck. 1l choc milk will do that followed by 2 bagels with spinach and cheese. 
parasitk: Pixel Form kicked ass. Other performances were good. Boring Machines was boring.  sorry dude! http://tinyurl.com/cdjl2a
Just finished Breaking Dawn....im having a hard time dealing with the fact that there's no more...It's over.  lol im pathetic.
Not playing Magic because someone didn't want me to put a Flame Jab and a Cruel Ultimatum under a Spellweaver Helix. 
Hard to leave good friends when you only see them once every few months. 
watching Girls Next Door haha!!!nothing on TV 
Spilled my drink. Cut off 
 Fix my puter... Its taking a dump.
Disappointment never hit so hard 
This is not T-Bombs. 
Play with me  I'm bored
Why am I wide awake again at 3am?!? Exhausted..wish boy was here to cuddle but he's working 
Ill just have to get my san jose tomorrow.  I'm starving.
Still out of the &quot;Real&quot; world... no even good cell range 
@DesireeDefiant ugh. Kill-me worthy. I am listening to brandon heath though. But i want to be with youuuu. 
Stuck at a kid's bday paty  no hot guys (
@arezoh Same here, I miss you so much!  When will we hang-out ba? &gt;&lt;
Awake woke up at 7.15 too early back to sleep, woke up at 8.15 still too early but i had to get up 
My writing is Epic Fail!  I need new friends... lol
There is soooo much Twittery love going on this morning.  Spare a thought for us sad singles 
woohoo! darn, it's so hot here in the Philippines.. and it's one of the effects of Global Warming.. 
Me so hungee... Craving food right now 
Awake and getting ready for another day at work! 
And now too many things have changed and I have nothing to say to them  they left like the others they always do. Talking to myself here
Dead tired outside of baker's! This hardcore goodbye is taking too long I wanna sleep and be warm 
I had left over Chinese from last night. I forgot how much  i hated it.  I feel so Ill now. 
@Absturbation only went as far as the main passenger deck.  - Same friggin' boat - yet missed each other... Whodathunk?!!
that means no Cure for me  good thing i've seen them before and plan on seeing them again haha
@StevieWynn Lol; so did I; off to Rare Breeds today for a party wiv son; quite windy here  might change xx
Awake at 2 am because I'm so sick and feel aweful 
@johnlinford for once I did nothing! Left it alone for a few hours and it died, suspected motherboard failure 
@EverywhereTrip Fake deaths are very common online. I'd take it with a pinch of salt if I were you. It's not nice. 
jetlags suck. Awake active in the morning and then suddenly... it hits you 
is Awake, feeling the same as last night.  http://plurk.com/p/oylx3
Now car camping. Extreme winds blew our hand-me-down tent over and leaks bad. 
We threw a party but we couldn't get anyone to come to it. We put together tons of food and drinks and activities. Depressing. 
Irritated it not being able to upload a pic   aaaaaarrrrrrrrr
Beautiful day outside.. and im sitting in doing REVISION 
CRISIS! Massive flood in house - from toilet bowl. Carpet all icky wet  Wondering where to use toilet tmr before it gets fixed.
Portable cd player decided to give up the ghost just days before our holiday  Frantic search on amazon last night for replacement 
@ArsenalSarah Grit yer teeth, girl - can't be worse for you than yesterday 
Bigger ain't always Better... @ the dishes.. 
going back to work 2morro  boo ..... Save me
sun is shining. Inside working. 
Revision  ... Consummate? To complete marriage through sexual intercourse... O.o!
'Jizzed in my Pants' is absolute fail. Real ordinary stuff. It's huge following means society fails even more than the song 
(@teamtobias) 'Jizzed in my Pants' is absolute fail. Real ordinary stuff. It's huge following means society fails even more than the song 
Whole day of homework ahead of name 
Temporary Error (500) on gmail 
...gonna be busy , and tired, today!  Leaving PA....
@BeckyBurton It's probably just mice. Noisy buggers. Sound like rats or cats but are wee tiny things. Traps or poison I'm afraid 
wishes he was creating an Advancing Wall of Doom for LD48, but work and stuff got in the way 
I wanna go see Crank High Voltage today but im out of cash and the bank is closed today 
is debating what to do. Beautiful day but should revise 
I am bogged down by paperwork.  This wouldn't happen if we didn't have trees.  Pesky life-supporting planet. 
@jaymorris Boring grown up stuff  Rent or buy?! Dull dull dull.
Die Schulferien sind vorbei...   Why do all good things come to an end...?
Goodness me, 3 pages of Follower Notifications I need to review 
@jellybear89 of course you should be ready. Problem is... I had a pack in my car for about 2 years.  Never got used. 
Uuuhhh my head hurts! Self inflicted 
Midterm exams tomorrow. Bless me! 
Wanted to cycle to lower pierce reservoir but took wrong route, landed at old thompson road.  could have gone to Zoo!
Whole city in darkness! Looks like a power plant #fail 
Awake to early on a sunday 
@G_Luck holding things in doesn't really make it better 
I need a pot noodle. Random but true! Also i'm very distressed because my shia labeouf calender keeps falling off my door. 
I wish owen would quit Complaining and get on with it! &gt; 
@smallesttwine Blast! I would rather be pirating than giving my talk today. 
@mphotoartist Close encounter of the poisonous kind, wouldn't you say? 
Awake and working 
Everyday i have to check gmail, hi5 , facebook, linkedin , meteociel, google reader, so much information ... so little time 
Eating hot pockets and finally calling it a night, gotta be up in a few hours, lame  Dream of bunnies, dream of bunnies...
For some reason I want to watch HSM2. Broke my dvd though 
@wjb17 LOL. Same here.  I want one so bad.
Stuck @ home missing out on another beautiful day 
Paperwork proved no match for me!  Can now enjoy the rest of the day -  no, wait... ironing!  
No play time for me! Straight workin 
Beautiful day! working on financial aid stuff and fundraising letters. I have to work tonight though 
Spending the day at the Common Ground studying for Medieval Lit. Woo Hoooooo. Its so sunny out. wahhh 
Free Realms is down.  
Tempted to go sit in the sun, but no... error logs are calling me 
@knitwithsnot I'll be there on Wed. And Kidney Kozy #3 isn't going so hot.   Might have to frog.
Annoyed I forgot diet coke and skips! Should have taken advantage when it was there 
so much fun at the wedding!  the dj played Unforgettable *they played it at grammas wake* jon and i danced to it while i cried 
@stephenfry Down here in Southampton, we feel some of that pain. Trouble is, we can't both get out if I'm afraid 
@zappos, your website isn't loading    and I was all set to buy some of those cute Poetic License shoes I saw!
@kul7ure Hard times my friend.  Finding funding for our non-profit is like pulling teeth!  
Colleague from work is arriving this afternoon so I'll have to come back early  and then go out again. Slight annoyance.
Beautiful day, and I'm on my way to the office... 
Home again 
Burned my finger and it really hurts. 
 Why do I always have problems with Reason?? 
&quot;Easy&quot; click-lock engineered wood flooring is anything but 'easy' 
Going home now.. Empty handed 
Perfect weather to sit on the patio with a glass of red but no one around to join me 
Maketa  Gutted.
Ill, ill, ill...   AND I have to leave the house in 15 minutes :'(
Slight hangover. 
Savoy cabbage: insect seeds inside. Same sensation as looking at breast maggots photo. 
- Sucks to be me!  Nightmares again 
@ralphieis2cool  Awe I am sorry 
Break's over.  later tweethearts!
Buried in homework and finals shit.  I wish I had some time to play WoW 
Another Beautiful sunny day... and I've got the cold 
Ill be lucky to get to las by tues 
@#asot400 thanks for everyone for this unique event... Hard to understand that it's over... 
Today was a crazy kerby's day. So busy. But makin' lots of $$$$. I just wish I could go to The Stand tonight. 
watching the office today, I guess. Catching up on season 5. But starting at episode 10 
Stay Tuned for more  and dont feel bad for my im just alittle Sore
@IamLoveless Tight!!!...so u could be the first guest on the new improved camera for my show since my old cam fell to its death 
@chrismarquardt Same thing happened to me with my d700 today, but I dropped the lens (24-70 2.8) and it won't zoom now 
P.S. I did dream last night that we got alice+olivia. Wth? 
@RhodesSpeedShop I bet,, can get expensive  but loads of fun. U running the national? Runner?
Picked up some Charmin Ultra Strong 3-ply....should last a week... 
@Beat_Control i can't, she's gone to bed 
@Tragic_Ent awww   I'm sorry you guys couldn't work it out.
Arg im So Cold  Desperate Housewives 2nite!
IPLT20 website is down! Dousing a lot of cricket fans' interests. 
Assignment 
IPLT20 website is down! Dousing a lot of cricket fans' interests.  http://ff.im/-2eoU9
wishing that I could sleep. Tired but apparently my body is not! 
Adjusted timer then looked at stars for half hour. Wanted to climb the roof to see them closer but I know it wouldn't make any difference 
Poopface got into the special brownies. I've never seen a dog so messed up, poor little guy can't walk. Period. 
How can you send me my old password if I have yet to create one? Where is the logic in that? Where? Empty emails are not helping 
@tommcfly Break a leg on tour!! ^^ I'm sure,it'll be incredible!! I would love see you so much in this tour  ...
@mileycyrus Nawww  Cheer up'
&quot;Inside&quot; but not past security. Lineup turned into confused crowd. 
@Vikseng Afraid the only roles I have are paying too little !  will keep you posted though
Heartbreak hotel. Of course it happens now. I really dont want to go home  heartbreak hotel, on sooo many levels
Mondays are so depressing. Especially now that I noticed that I missed Ludum Dare again  http://ludumdare.com/
back at colleg trying to finish this ridiculous project on The Blackout! why do i set my standards too high? 
Thinks &quot;oh awesome I'm feeling better yay&quot; then it hits!!! Spoke to f'ing soon didn't I?!?  I don't feel so good anymore!!
Beautiful day outside and i have nothing to do only clean the house!!! 
@digitalmaverick Same problem with DMs. 
Inspired by cricket, kids have taken sledging to new heights 
@KimKardashian Loven the do!Its very cute.I have a similar thing goin on currently w/ the sun burn  Oowch!Killer smile to hide the pain!
Looks like I have to wait even longer until I get my tripods, the site states back ordered  Gutted
@Cat_W just about. Suffering from whiplash 
Feeling like crap.. Tired and a little feverish..  
@SincereBC lol shut uppp.... I wish I had Drop Dead Fred on dvd 
Stuck at work on such a fine day  would rather be in a beer garden now.
Run out of glue 
@Schofe Gutted im going to miss it, stuck in work  xxx
@NOMtweets has been silent for 5 days. Where are you, my beloved @NOMtweets? Whom will I ridicule if you go away? 
Free lesson and bored at school 
Beautiful weather, but have to learn for my test tomorrow  And realize it's  time to update my blog... hopefully I can manage that today
Poorer keeps crashing 
Annoys me when I follow someone for topic x, and they end up chatting about nothing but topic y. Realise i've done just that 
Fed Coalition Wrong on Recession concession distraction comment!. 
Worried about whether i'm going to get this assignment done in time 
Epic, rage inducing fail by #virgin trains. Behind schedule, staff in the dark. Told to change train, then to get back on. Lost my seat 
Awake and  in pain  bowling tonight ;)
Boredom at work 
@SteveFalatko Aha yes a tenuous peg indeed. But it kind of works. Unless the producers take it out  Prepared to argue for it though!
Going to smoke a cigarette. Waiting for my sister to get out of the bathroom so I can take a shower! She's getting ready for school.  
Real feel temp when I left my house: 39. 
@oliverthring Same here. Or a picnic in the park. 
And now I've got a migraine. Brilliant 
Oh no.. Sudden stomach cramp in heavy traffic.. 
Its like the Fail Whale is stalking me 
ok, checked in ... Straight into meetings 
Trying out twhirl. Took a bit of fiddling to get Air and it running under 64 bit Ubuntu. Shows boxes for Thai letters 
Stuck inside for the next 9 hours when the wheather is this nice  not happy 
Awake. It's hot, I'm sweaty. And I'm burnt like toast. Yuuummmm... 
@stephens78 Thankful you should be! I couldn't have picked a worst time to give up work and return to study 
@Asylum69 haha same. you doing this from your fone or sumn ? i wish my fone could do it  lol
GM twitters! Preparing to go to the park this morning if it doesn't rain!! I need to clear my mind. Feeling a little sad. 
Swamped! And lunchless. 
Stressful day 
I'm AGAIN listening to Confessions of a Broken Heart.  Getting ready to go to school soon...    I'll mis my computer.
Groggy groggy, need to wake up, time for work, Spring Break is over 
 Alone and invisible 
Concerned about a close friend i have on here and her updates.. 
@dariondesode Dual spec could be fun, but I'm still trying to get 800 gold so I can train flying mount. 
Piece of shit. Then it won't let me 
@hypnoticzexy Siiiigh but i need it to, i have stupid assignments to do  Fix me?
Beautiful day today, and I'm stuck inside working  http://twitpic.com/3ni73
Hey y'all!!  Waiting for school to start.  1.5 pages of my rough draft done.  3.5 to go    Harder than I expected...
Cause unknown in death of 21 polo ponies in Wellington.   http://tinyurl.com/da6y8n
Stuck at work on such a lovely day... 
@fryguy_pa Thanks dude ! She's out now . They were thinking about an Heart Attack ......  so she must get some rest and some meds .
*Tear.* It's time for science. 
Stuck in science class 
Zero sleep last night.  I'm here physically ...mentally I'm in lala land.
had a blinding time up in bolton, and is really wishing i was still there!  NOw i just need a job.... Topless modelling should be good!LOL
Unemployed again  *jumps out window*
Awake.. temporarily.. if just because I have no new books to read. 
Bored. Exhausted. Hungry. Auditions tonight. Eep!  Text me, guys. I need encouragement... And entertainment...
Stuck with damn homwork 
Getting ready to board plane. Dreading meeting tonight. 
Spending the next few days in the hospital (CAMC Women and Children's....yucko).  This sucks   Scared, lonely and HATING this...
Just made lunch but can't taste it. Cry. 
Late again. Seriously. Shoot me. 
@powerofpink True,  I never thought of it that way. I hate the way the industry makes things about work. Esp. when my cuz is losing hair. 
Awake.... Real shocker there ... 
&quot;Soft swirls of cherry bliss with a distinct pouty peak!&quot; I have fallen in love with pinkberry and we don't even have it over here! 
Beautiful day outside, and i'm stuck inside with a horrid space virus 
Whole body really aching this morning! Especially the legs! 
Fed Coalition Wrong OECD job figures report Totally Wrong!. 
Another round of editing on Leaves Of Grass!  Any help on that would be appreciated!
is missing the sun again. Stuck in a windowless office. 
Nee.. File  Location: http://gpstwit.com/qhi
Archiving/Mothballing  many years of content.  Biggest folder in the last 10 years was called ProjectMayhem. 
This has all been caused my wreckless spending and Overpayment for the work we are doing. Looks like we'll have to tough it out 
Spoke too soon 
Worried about my son. He hurt his head and I want is to be there with him and hold him 
@SarahVee6661 Awww, sad day.  It's okay though... shouldn't be too long. I'm just tired of Crappy McShit, here. *Virgin Mobile phone*
Worried about my son. He hurt his head and all I want is to be there with him and hold him 
Paperwork time... I hate going this late 
Left my fucken shorts at work no gym today 
Grim bike this morning ... Freezing and very foggy 
@xFrankieMonster Same, in pain too  my backs fuckin givin up on me today ... ohh i'm getting old lol u upto much?! xxx
Aware that my fractuous mood is making everyone else fractuous 
@primary1 Seen MCR 5 or 6 times, too and like them so much better live. Screaming, crying 14 year olds in front of you will kill it, tho 
Thrilled about no more classes for the semester....not so thrilled about exams in 3 days....dreading the day everyone leaves AA for good 
Cold &amp; miserable in Pta today. Not looking forward to winter  #fb
I went out to cafe nearby office just to have a cup of coffee, the sun was shinning bright, now it rains and I am trapped. Perfect! 
Turning into a busy day!! Client has a router problem  Friend wants photos and video doing of their property 
@Juzzash Relief still, but I suspect I wont be moving around that much. 
Working from home today. Surprisingly productive, been at it since 8.30. Loads to do today, mostly dull stuff 
@jimconnolly Thanks. It was an awful case of whatever it was I had. Proper ill  I presume your neck is better now?
@keija boo   email me yr schedule?  we really ought to sit down and like rescue our aging plot kitten from the Pit of Idiocy LOL!
Housework day today - boring but necessary! 
Never bench Adrian Gonzalez http://tinyurl.com/d3gfew 6/21 4HR 5 RBI Last week... Made the mistake in benching him last week and lost 2-7 
@thebleachworks *cough cough* the best fanpage on facebook ;) oh i feel abit lonely on the Official Bleach Works Bebo page * 
Reverse doesn't though 
Feedback for the day: Improve time estimation  argh!\
Feedback for the day: Improve time estimation  argh!
@AshFoo stop being lazy.  i want to be off with you. Unfair.
fuck you, Curves Smart, quit making the gym so hard. 
@davescook Bloody hell! Sounds like you had an awesome day.  I only just got up, and have an essay to do. 
Left assignment work to the last minute again... so that's what i'll be doing all day 
Getting ready for Jury Duty 
Oh man! I wasted my 300th update. Upsetting. 
@MrFloydNL Ah  Crushed?
@Knot2serious LOL!!! Clerks 2 shouldnt have been made if they were gonna make it in color. Period. 
We're listening to 'Songs Of The Depression'  in the office... it should be renamed 'Songs That Cause Depression' 
Laying in bed ... Dreading to get up  I'm soooo tired..! WTF - last night was totally worth it though :] &lt;33
Oh man, what a day. Fighting w/ your boyfriend isn't fun  But it's all good now. 
I need my leggings. Track meet today? But it's raining 
clickipink is defenetly scam  look theyr forum, only Porn ower there
Stuck inside for another boring day of revision whilst sun shines outside 
Dans le school! Far to early for math class 
Surprise training actually not til two thirty  back to the office!
at The Higher show... against my will. now I can't go home  good night wasted
@d_deighe Aw.  Rough dad for the daddy.
I'm finished with seasons 1 through 4 of Six Feet Under. I love it so much! One season left. only12 episodes. 
Best packaging design ever (okay, maybe not ever, but still hilariously clever)! http://www.bloomsberry.com/ Craving chocolate now. 
By @Crisca ich hasse #-Typo3 
Someone in UNITED STATES didn't like Word Spasm http://tinyurl.com/coavd3 
with lu and stav.. and i have to get picked up 30 min  Beat ilhan on bubbles.. !! ahhaha
@Irish1974 I seriously need to go to bed.  It's going to be a loooooooong day tomorrow. Away from computer for most of it too.  
@jordnknightfan Right side of the screen, under &quot;Trending Topics&quot; lol, doesn't tell us what Tink means tho 
Re-pinging @homicidepiinks: @D0peNerd lol, oh god no. stupid migrane  lol i was jus messin with u ??lol
@chopsuey2e had a horrible and long day..up since 4am so I'm in bed now  see you tomorrow though!! Free drinks on who???
Tommorow's a good good day for mr to sleep in....except none of my shows come on boo whooo......... 
Note to future self: When packing lunch for future kids, only include bite-sized carrots. Gnawing on a full carrot gives u orange-face 
Period cramps! 
Why are you so elusive, Dream?  I want to sleep already!
Play the piano.  
Only 45% turn out to vote. Disappointing..!!! 
im tiered  why do I always work saturday. I need a coffee. Urgent!
@GrrrlRomeo Hearing her dismiss it like it was a robbery gone wrong: I felt like she was stomping on all of us, on me, on him again. 
Stuck behind a big nasty wreck for 30 min. so far &amp; all I want to do is get home to bed 
I'm thinking using the word surprise might have been a bad choice. Surprise blows up into thoughts of gold, when all I've got is bronze 
Re-pinging @unreal018: Why can't I get my brain to shut up !!     ....shoot it in the face!
Wishes he  was going to Catwalk Tragedy tomorrow 
CO detector went off. Called 911, Fire Dept showed up, 0ppm reading. False alarm? Either way, can't sleep 
why would my gas be shut off? Double checked the auto pay; it's fine, but the water is cold now..  
Beautiful night.. walking up our big ass steep hill to bed. I want my man with me 
@mcdanielnc89 Same!! I know the feeling--but I have crazy insomia, so I never really sleep! 
I have a headache  I'm tired. Hungry. And I hate allergies. Death.
 @sylvanus is having the worse day ever. Boss is spazzing out at work and finally done with a late night photo shoot, only to have a flat
Wondering if its possible to be completly excited about opening a new chapter while totally fearing it at the same time... Stumped 
Ill post a tweet every half an hour to show that I'm awake ugh I'm dozing off 
Hey, Awake, Eating breakfast, mum is in hospital from 5.00am 
@DevyLM I am awake who is booboo chad new lover   lol I see your not at your new house anymore... Same old party girl I see
Betrayed and used by the only person I fully trusted... man, it hurts bad.. 
Evident, nu stiu cu ce sa ma imbrac. How lame is that? 
@Cherrim Same for me...I couldn't get to sleep last night so I slept in way too late so I'm still  completely awake 
Scared my batt going to die  need power source
is at home...sleeping. Left work early..urgh I think its another kidney infection 
Bore braf! Ddim isio mynd i'r llyfrgell,ond rhaid  allan am awyr iach nes mlaen!
Not fun? Hiccups 
My trial for Left 4 Dead just ended  im probably going to buy the game now because it was brilliant!
BPT: lost to the Pussu Lips  made top 4 though! Thanks College Dropouts!
Tidying house....dull..especially with hangover!   listening to Pains of Being Pure at Heart..gazing at my shoes...lolol..mwa..mwa
At the station.. Waiting is sooooo boring 
On footy tipping and Fantasy league tilt 
@johncmayer Painful yet important lesson we all know. You sound down tonight 
Phones broke...bad times. Stuck using my brothers old piece of shit 
Stuck at work on a day like this 
Finished replying to the 8 comments on Fantasy/Reality part 50. It cheered me up to read those comments after dealing with job rejection 
Ever feel like you're just gonna die? I'm sorry, y'all. For everything. Lurves... Completely. 
Going to explore my new city. I'm 8 miles from the centre and would love 2 walk in but fear my poor feet will struggle. Collapsed arches 
@polarduck Awe 
trying to be patient with disabled girl next to me. Difficult when she's just pulled a chunk of hair out. 
@periyasamy //it looks like photographer forced them to pose like that.// Barbaric arseholes 
@thelongmile  Lack of funds!  Don't like thinking about it, have bought zip for months.  Lack of sleep, pollen, chores to do.  
finally got to the city. . Stepped out of the train and its pissing down rain 
Random ER episodes on TV in Bangkok. Comparing old with the new .... the new really were crap! Man, they lost the plot! Such a shame ... 
Feet are killing me feel like crap think I'm getting sick 
Beautiful day outside but I have a to do list as long as my arm - all indoor to do's  need to get off here and actually do it - poo
Battle scars... On the left elbow!! 
The wind is almost gone. Speed: 1.4 knots, windspeed: almost zero  http://twitpic.com/4eaan
Stuck in traffic 
Bloody brilliant, now I have an ear infection on top of my conjunctivitus 
@ambivalentmonk  Just hold on, things'll get better - they always do, somehow. Hard to put &quot;comforting sympathy&quot; in tweet, but it's there.
Hiccups 
Just had to pay a Whopping Gas Bill 
@burntmillsoap Smart &amp; Final - is that the name of a store? I've never heard of it!!  I've searched high &amp; low for local sources 
@sleebus Noise cancelling headphones help, along with some jazz, but I'll run the batteries down 
Spin sucked today...felt aweful...I still haven't shifted this thick mucus producing cold  hopefully better luck next week!
On my way home. 2nd time at heathrow in two weeks. Goodbyes only, no adventures 
Ace...still sick   dogs r cute until they get the runs&amp;get 2 vomitting (TMI?). .... Straight to the vet we go....
 dude I almost just shocked myself. Lesson learned never get outta the shower and think electricity won't hate on ur ass.
Just been through the car wash with the passengers window down. Surprising how much water can come through the window in about 10 seconds 
Beautiful sunshine but got to work 
Lack of sleep and stress landed me a cold and sore throat  great way to spend your vacation
I swear, getting past 5 minutes is Impossible on left 4 dead survival 
@peterwolff  So where was that Low Acidic coffee you indicated might have been available..  You arrive and then shot through 
Awake  and getting some more contacts on myspace.
No sleep due to random coughing fits? Yes. Count me in for that! 
Performance over, we fly out of here in 7 hours (local time is 11pm). Cruel and unusual torture 
Hair has been trimmed. feeling good. Doing assignments inside. fail.  I want to be outside in the garden!
Has misplaced his debit card and the bank can't get me a new one for 5 days. Unrelated- area stores experience precipitous drop in sales 
Getting Ready for the Kentucky Derby......&quot;I want Revenge&quot; is a scratch 
Awake already 
at work. Beautiful outside...crisp and sunny! Wish I was outside 
Track meet  im to tired for this mess!
Stuck on a lousy dinner with my cousin's family.god!they're so boring 
3-1 Celtic, a flattering scoreline. Tough being a Dons fan 
@paulwaling hoping for btwn 3:30 and 4. Longest recent run only 18 
listening to &quot;From Silence to Noise&quot; by Nosound .. matches the weather .. starting to think the weather gods are reneging on our deal 
Tommorow some people are coming to look at our house. 
Strange - my old twitter design has come back. But..my juicy couture  *sobs*
I need better tools to get rid of the tree roots.  Bloody impossible things!
Awake because if I didn't get up now, I wouldn't be awake for work 
@Consumed1029 its tough work planning a wedding.  its gonna be small though so thats a plus.
I accidentally left my Bose headphones on from the last time used. Dead battery = noisy flight. How quickly a luxury becomes a necessity 
Smoke alarm went off as I was in the shower n wouldn't stop! Risked my life to disconnect da battery 
Off to work and sad I will be missing the annual Castleshouldt Skeet Shoot   Duty calls and so does the pocket book...haha
&quot;Simple Plan, Simple Plan, Simple Plan...&quot; The show was amazing! When will ut be &quot;McFLY, McFLY...&quot; or &quot;30STM, 30STM ..&quot; look like NEVER 
Gutted someone had the username I wanted 
Quick coffee with mom @ starbucks the gym  first day back is gonna suck!
Losing 1-0 at half time  Disappointing so far, they look scared of making a mistake. Needs better in the 2nd half
Awake but dont want to be. Eye is puffy, dont want it to be...icey eye mask is on. Wants cinnabon...wont get it 
@spicebean That's the spirit! You should go and do your Body Test...I miss you 
About to do laundry.  Save me.
Re-pinging @_yolanda22_: Not in d best of moods... I'll punch somebody in d nuts.  #moodswings- that sounds painful 
@TheQuestCrew I pay $75! But I'm in Venezuela HAHA!  I want to see Quest&amp;Beat    I
Soaking wet. Terrified of driving in this thunderstorm. 
@bearfanron Re: the press -- thats part of the reason I got out of broadcasting in the 90's ... hate the sensationalism &amp; bias 
Stuck inside ironing instead of working in yard. It's so pretty out. 
going to bed soon. soooooo tired.. ears are doing weird pressure thing, throat feels weird.. Hard to breathe.. 
Stuck at home due to rain 
annie_silly same silly.. thats y i got tissues and a wet patch on me hoodie. -holds out hand for a free hug- Free hugs anyonre ? 
Home. And 
@ JFk ready to go back Home 
Grandparents, uncles, atnties, cousins, they're everywhere ! Save me  They be zleepin in mah house. I just wanna disappear right now... xD
Free comic book day and I'm too lazy/have too much work to do to nip out to Forbidden Planet 
is finally at the bottom of page 14....two paragraphs later. Slow going. 
Midterm essays to write this weekend  &amp; really really wanna go to a college baseball game i hope i get there!
http://twitpic.com/4eym7 - Windshield destroyed...broken bike next to it. Shoes 50 feet apart. Wow 
Get Real tank is officially destroyed 
Everyday I witness parents poisoning their children mentally...I seriously am in awe every time 
i?C.B+T.H|| Listening to http://tinyurl.com/ccyfqp It still makes me sad 
Bulk Phase Week 5: Doesn't want to bulk anymore  I feel fat.. urgh. One more hellish month to go.
Stuck at work. I can't get a ride. 
Bloody he'll.. I was trying not to track this shit 
Beautiful day and I am in the library studying income tax  booo
End. We lose. 
Daily High: got lots of reading done! Daily Low: not feelin so hot 
I'm on my way to work. Realized I forgot my umbrella  my commute involves 15 minutes of walking...better not be raining later.
Tip for everyone, don't read whilst in the car! i felt soooo sick after reading! not good 
@JWeis I miss my yo-yo  I had &quot;The Brain&quot; and it lit up and everything.  Buy me a new one?
Stuck in the doctor's office coz I didn't have an appt, I just &quot;walked-in&quot;.  I've been waiting here for over an hour now 
Beautiful day for a tandem riBANG!!!! Blowout, rear tire, a mile from home. 
Hand hurts cause dylan wipped a candel at! I did hit him first tho but i have a bruise now! 
@Cadistra  Same. Throbbing headache means I don't think I can make Ulduar tonight. *hugs*
Paperwork around girls FTL  #Paperwork
Cause' my friend just left.  and I don't wanna skate tomorrow...or take the spanish test monday!
Alone at last. Times like this I wish I had a girl... 
Why aren't we like we used to be? I hate not knowing what we'll end up happening. Drift Away 
Home now. So exhausted. I shouldn't have gone out with mono 
is a loyal Yankees fan. Win or Lose!! Her brothers are traders they root for the 7 Train 
@RetroRewind guess i dont have a life song...... Story of my life 
Not too happy. I don't know why. Cheer me up?? 
Abandoned #pbr09.  For shame.   (pic: http://bkite.com/0760K)
I'm goning nite nite. I am watching The Strangers with my Ex and his Bff. I know, I know. I'm always with him lol he won't go home 
Awake and hurting 
Worried about how studying will affect my gym time 
Mowed the lawns today for the first time in my life...took several attempts to get the stupid thing started though 
Mandatory airport tweet - flight delayed 
feelin down i realized i still love him and not bein wit him hurts. Everyday feels like da day i lost him 
just got back from the show... Damaged, Enemy Inside, and Moral Pestilence were awesome.  too tired to be funny and snarky.  
Tired, going to bed. Spending tomorrow in the library studying and doing hw 
@jennyGOLD omggg have fun tomorrow especially when No Doubt performs  &lt;3 lollll
Why do I have such a bad reaction to Mosquitos?! Serious swelling &amp; insane itching.  urg can't take it!
@emoisforluvers whole shelf!  oh and blood starts after 90 seconds. Fast forward to it 
No Doubt is the best, i wish i could see them live 
Re-pinging @effynius: it's about the little things in life you don't usually notice, until it's too late. I fully agree. 
Zero confirmed celeb sightings today. This town is a bust. 
Re-doing a plaster cast - pretty dodgy 
I just laid my head to sleep. Wide awake. In ten min Ill be tired And then the vicious cycle will repeat. And i still have those pimples 
Currently Defending Against a DDoS Attack.. 
Extreme V headache 
Awake too early for a sunday, thats being sick for you 
@lizluvsJK As a teacher,I am sure you are safe. i worked at a dealership,not so safe, lol. Laid off  But glad I was,I was miserable there
@Namastizzle Broken Social Scene sucks.  Canadian Indie Cred is not that credible when you know how they sold out. 
I have the muuuuunchies. Craving some doritosssss and hot funyuns 
so, I ran over a duck tonight. Perfect ending to my day. 
Alone in a late night thunderstorm  Some things in life should be shared.
Purse party was fun! I'm sooo tired, and I gave away my day off tomorrow 
Surprise party for aaron today !  I fell off a skateboard  it hurt
Awake, just about, feel like I've got a mega hangover but wasn't even drinking! How is that even fair??!? 
Surprise party for aaron today ! I fell off a skateboard  it hurt: Surprise party for aaron today ! I fell off a skateboard  it hurt
I'm home from the club! Tired but needinghim to lay with me! 
Beautiful sun; blue sky; garden beckons  [and window cleaning  ]
@Hyper8 baldo but u havent got sky 1 
@1beachsax11 Cause I can't bring him on trips. He's a diva &amp; constantly wants to play, its too much work 
@indiaknight berlusconi in leatherette Posing pouch = horrific thought that won't rid itself of my mind 
Ouch. Pains 
@shaunjumpnow omg same. Cause my dad took mine 
@smont *click* Page Load Error - Address Not Found   
Shot himself in the foot  OUCH!
Surprise party for aaron today ! I fell off a skateboard  it hurt: Surprise party for aaron today ! I fell off a skateboard  it hurt:..
Run was  a  total failure, the body is willing, the knees anent 
Just woke up. Meeting Ellie at 12. Providing Bubble stops making me throw up. Uncomfortable night again lastnight  boo
@Guerrillas what the! i totally remembered to tune in tonight and got simpsons re-runs 
No ice cream left  eating caramel topping and sprinkles. About to watch Mirrors.
Curses. Overslept. 
Shortest lunch of my life. I guess I should find somebody to get wasted with fast. 
Doing Overtime at my job today sucks to be working on a  sunday but I need the money so it has to be done 
Oh, and no breakfast  I want some Cap'n Crunch (with Crunch Berries, of course)
Trained a little bit.. The weather is not so good right now.. Some clouds are coming this way and the sun is gone.. 
Stuck in the house and bored 
@sajal Spreadby body fluids? Human to pig contact? Better we don't go near that I think 
Forced creative writing is hard, slow, and very painful. Even detailed lesson plans are easier. 
Mind u, really NOT looking forward to my credit card bill....  ouch doesn't come close to describing the pain I am going to feel!!!!
Annoyed that I have to shop for a new car - which I hate - instead of doing anything useful or fun 
@Hadassah_Levy that's weird. I knew I was (I can see your tweets) and I get the Unfollow button in tweetdeck  I'll try DMing you.
Awake with a headache again, oh I love pollen 
They call it the graveyard shift. Ecuse you feel like your dead when your done! Excuse me, while I pass out... I need a new job. 
@tiaralynn I wish as well. Hard to say. The margin is very close these few days. 
Will stream Private Practice &amp; Grey's Anatomy tomorrow :&gt; I still can't believe it's Prison Break's last season 
In Bed With a Fierce sprained Ankle 
Beautiful autumn afternoon but I need to #mow the lawn ... somebody has to do it 
Everyone loves the single lady tent. I love it. Perfect size for bedding and rocking out 
@hippielove Tragedy, I dunno how ur up functioning now lol.   I need at least 5 hours of sleep.  I kept wakin up through out the night 
@MariKurisato Completely justifiable. I'm going to have some breakfast now. Not @mswas 's pancakes though. 
godaddy sucks: their blogcast can only switch on/off &quot;Moderate all trackbacks&quot; but switching off all trackbacks not possible. 
Toon game so v painful to watch what has  become of us? Woe are we 
Plazma and Lift are back to working....now the pool has lost pressure  repairmen with butt cracks....yuck
Dead tired, and hung over 
http://twitpic.com/4h8oc - Onsen!!! Ignore my crazy face 
@jamesheart24 Unlucky. 
Computer is not well. Fan keeps running on super-high, then computer just shuts down. Not slow shut down, more like *poof*. On, then off. 
Long Weekend - Wasted 
Raining...  I planned on going to the park today... Change of plans i guess!
Awake -.- i cant sleep with him not thinking about  me 
Curses 25 Minute wait for bus. Sundays. 
iTunes updater is stalling my keyboard enough to really eff up my chapter.  Waiting for it to get done.  
In the Bed Unable to walk  Sprained Ankles are the Worst!! Hate not walking! Note 2 Self: Watch Out for Pot Wholes in Parking Lots!
Perfect day for movies cuddling &amp; sex in no particular order. Unfortunately, none of the above is gonna happen. 
Never trust an Obster when the chips are down &amp; a Russian is in play  Lesson learned.. OBSTER!!!
I missed a week of Post Secret. 
@faisalkapadia  I'm gonna stop talking about Mumbeee. Unlucky I am.
Gone out to weed 
I am so friggin bored... Ad's watchin the snooker and babys asleep. No one to play with 
Congested, slight fever, &amp; coughing! 
There is a decided lack of news in my Greader yesterday and today. Boring. 
Crawfish Boil weekend was sooo fun, but now i have to do ALL my homework now  ugh im ready for summer.
is figuring it out.  Beautiful day outside but I have to study 
Beautiful day. sunny and warm, too bad i have to stay in and finish reading for a final 
&amp;&amp; my throat hurts ehh :-/... I dnt want to be sick  ... Excited about tonite.. Much needed... 
@Eudorag and @nicole_scorpio I wish I was there, too.    Dealing w/ yet more insanity.
Worried about jonny. 
@Insanity0_0 don't think I can 
I am nervous about today.  Nervous enough that I have bitten off all my nails and surrounding skin.  It hurts.  I'm gross 
@Imbalanced75 i've been on myspace waiting for someone to join me    I deleted my facebook
@MrPointyHead Permission to say cock. ain't heard of that one. 
@Heartliss Cash does not move with me anymore - our schedules are sooo different - I hardly see the homie anymore - 
Skippin' Screen this morning. Feeling like shit 
@Phatlip12 AWW. Guessing no lifestreaming tonight then. ;) feel better, bro. 
@Honest_bAbe *chuckle* I'm having a hard time trusting right now. 
Gaining a real urge to play on some Fable 2, but Jess has it at the moment  guess I have to carryon with Mission Impossible.
Home again  I miss the 'loo' already!
Cats social house on granville island. A-holes next to us are feeding their entree to their cat. Disrespect 
@dannykurily Awe  I hope you feel better soon&lt;33
@ChristinaM14 Story of my life, always being hungy! 
I'm in love with the Derby!!! Unpacking 
Cracked a rib 
Doing merch from Blind Witness at heartfest in gatineau....they asked me to do merch on their next canada/us tour, ofcourse i cant ugh 
Locked my keys in my car   waiting for roommate to get home.
Finishing up a quick break-a-roo  Hyper from cold meds -  - Means no decent sleep tonight as it is bed-time now!  LOL!
@paigebradford im tired too. Craving sleeeeep, but too busy doing ugly homework. &amp; im trying to download something buy im not succeeding 
@melissa_marr I missed you during the Ink tour   You can add a stop on your Fragile tour  I will bring you a jug of tea, i swear.
Why Malls are not opened for 24 Hours??? I want to do more Shopping 
Excited about working on the new website, new music, and going on blogtv again!...after final exams this week 
I'm a screw up?! Story of my freakin life! 
Stuck in the library 
@Cubbydaniel pos aver ... I'm waithing for my sis to come back with my food if alex goes Ill go cause my bro took my car 
http://tinyurl.com/9sh8l4 ... deixem o last.Fm Free ...  
@kalibration yeah  Hearing how other people get to be around the ones they love is making me all sad and stuff. I mean I'm happy for them.
Hey whats good my twitter people.. I am so hoarse right now..  Cheer me up ppl!!
#hoppusday The End 
Blown out! and it hurts sooooooo bad 
Debating about taking a sick day tomorrow.... I have a new ailment since the run...Left knee is not so good  http://twitpic.com/4iy2a
@raynard13 awh I see, abis manggung di 104 kan? fine, but I'm kinda fed up of studying  and how about your busy days? Tired?
FINALS WEEK!!! Shoot me now! 
 Drained and putting off the inevitable.
Gruesome internet connection problems today just burned up three hours trying to fix - booo 
 my mom wouldn't let me go to Hot Topic on the shopping trip!
@StackL Fine...be that way 
@da7thl3tt3r ooh plz... Cause I said hi to u n u never responded... U made me sad too... 
Arrrghh.. I think I need to quit twitter.. can't edit anything  Meant to say Peace to all!
@KKCornelison Fast and Furious looks awesome but I want to watch this...but I don't understand Russian..  -- http://bit.ly/i1V2h
Home. Bathroom floor. Chills. Cats by my side. Head in and out of toilet. Pathetic. I hate today 
Darkest tv ad I've seen in awhile- law firm trolling for assisted living home elder abuse cases. 
Hiccups 
@commasplicer Agreed. I've seen people and I already feel desolate. Also, I'm not used to this whole having parents thing. Curfew? Rules? 
SO upset I couldn't see No Doubt at bamboozle today. 
Ugh. Not in Safe Mode I now get Error -36 everytime I try to launch an application  What have I done now? D&quot;:
Heavy chevy flipped over on 95th stony 
I want my classic twitter page back without any &quot;Trending Topics&quot; on it!  It's a little bit ugly this way.
@Quiet_Mind honey, I swear I'm not mad at you.  okay? I love you lots, don't forget that.
@kidnoble No. I was watching E! Investigates. Teen Pregnancy Horror Stories. 
Panic attacks suck! 
@wengrovi You are Mean! 
I'm lonely!!! Fix it! 
at one of the voidecks waiting for Fad to come down. I ate lunch by myself at a chess corner 
is reading the last book..Breaking Dawn 
Spoiled milk makes me frown. Especially when I wanted cereal. 
Someone in UNITED STATES didn't like Unlock The Locker http://tinyurl.com/caya6v 
Oldest daughter was quite upset about news piece on the opening of duck season. &quot;Why are they killing the birds we feed at the river?&quot; 
Killer heartburn on the reg. 
Morning all. Overtime again today on a bank holiday  #fb
to bed at last...little cleaning tonight done due to our obsession with Fringe! Caught up on episodes now so have no excuse for tomorrow 
@Orcon how about making speed faster/cheaper to offset data price increase. 2nd price rise in 9 months - I'm shopping around... Unhappy. 
Just realized that when I started freaking out because I thought my sheets were too heavy to be legal. Hallucinations= 
Ugh. Sleeping still not easy. 
Deleted previous tweets as can't be arsed to deal with agro when feeling ill....I just worry I won't fit in at the meets anymore 
Rats, can't get chrome to work w/ win 7_64 beta. Suggested fixes don't work 
I'm in a full bus.... Crushed like sardine 
Homework, homework, homework and homework. Boring 
i can hear my sister and her friends watching Transformers. While i am in my room.. Alone 
Stuck indoors because now it's raining like crazy  *sad pouty face*
Free time. But in 1h is school again 
Free time. But in 1 h school again   Now i am checking my new messages. By sweetys &lt;3
http://tinyurl.com/c4j5uh - Upsetting video fan jumps on stage with britney!  if i ever see that boy!  x love u britney!
@foreignresident  but if you're dead who will be my awesome One Piece buddy??
Stressed out.. Head hurts.. Eyes hurt .. Body hurts...   
Yawn, worked on a public holiday  also did RPM this morning, my legs are gone! Peace!
@betterbackoff Discrimination much? 
Awake and nauseas as hell  I just want to sleep. Non-vicoden induced sleep.
@Fearnecotton I have loads of revision to do today so I must work!!! Gutted... 
Just woke up completely stressed out about a dream. Rear-ended another car, fled the scene, high-speed cop chase, wreck, divorce, &amp; more! 
I'm so sick of school. I woke up at 5:42. Dead tired. 
11:11 wish done. Doubt it will come true though 
@amystace Full Disclosure...I hadn't actually looked outside - the light just seemed bright through the curtains - I now see it's cloudy 
@thefloatingfrog Swap you? I'm working 
Awake  toooooooo early
dont ever use Clean And Clear Shine Control  its evil stuff, my poor face! Time for some Witch Hazel lathering me thinks 
@Jrny2Past Kia!!! have a safe flight. lex n i will miss you  have fun in korea and stay out of trouble. love ya!
Nightmares are the worst.  I feel sick.
My week of relief is over. Boss back today. Dreading going in just in case I did anything wrong 
Shaken from sleep by a damn alarm. And I can't hit snooze and imagine it didn't happen. 
Awake! I want to go back to sleep! 
Bad art day. Overworked piece into a purple mess 
Stuck in traffic 
Gloomy day here  I know that we need the rain, but it doesn't mean I have to like it.
have loose my faith in celebrities replies  Example:@jonasbrothers @selenagomez @taylorswift13 @dannitapaola @ItsChelseaStaub @ddlovato
Stuck in traffic at bakewell 
I hate school!! Save me.  poop I hate this. 2 more weeks. Then we'll be outta here.
Jury duty 
@allergydad Cooking getting harder. Allergic to all legumes &amp; now looks like all squash. Started when 1yo adding new ones all the time. 
Left my lunch at home 
Still no RedBull. Screw my Low tolerance to caffeine, i need it nowish 
@dougiemcfly Count yourself lucky you're not away to a bloody exam on a bank holiday 
is in the animation studio, doing her IMM blogpost. Missed Amazing Race tonight 
@Kstrickland10 I'm wearing my red sneakers today. Laughing in the face of danger. Strange vibe this am. We miss you 
Just watched another tear jerking episode of Extreme Makeover Home Edition. 
Jury Duty today 
I worry A LOT. So when the news said possible #swineflu in school district next town over - I freaked. Oldest went back 2 school today 
Stuck in traffic. Paving on 95S 
I got another suggestion for my car... Timing belt 
Slow day at work. 
Spoke too soon, flight delayed 
Awake, and off to work... To bad I got no sleep  this should be an interesting day.
I got SO excited for this phone coming today. Problem? I'm working 12-4 and 4:30 till whenever. I'm not even gonna get it till tonight 
@andyparry are we in the basement yet? i've just remembered i need to iron a shirt   also notice you overtaken me in Fantasy football!
Awake! And got sunscreen in my eye 
Today is An Event Apart with @zeldman and posse no tickets though  costs An Arm an ALeg
My cup runneth.. Empty!   http://yfrog.com/ape38j
Carpool line and errands in the rain 
WWI n Roaring 20s done in 30 min.  cuz we hav limited time b4 regents,  cuz we didnt get to go over gr8 migration, fav event n us hist
Someone give me moneey  Cash Card Balance: Php 0.00 :|  How sad is that?
Watching Death Note film. and isnt very well 
Stuck in first gear 
Uhoh. Accidentally flattened a design, saved and closed it. Now searching if I have any backups  #fail
@KhloeKardashian The Kardashians are quite... my twitter doesn't feels soooooo Empty.... 
In neros removing all old saved messages from 'him' from my phone at last. Hopeless romantic i know but the words  seem kinda hollow now 
A full weekend without poop! Probably because beer and coffee consumpion was only minimal. Also no stinky farts  Healthy shit!
One of the finest pleasures in life. Piercing the golden seal foil on a fresh coffee container. This pleasure was stolen from me today 
just watched Holes, good film  hardcore revision now though 
2 more hours of work.. Tired 
Empty house syndrome. 
Excited about gettin the tat by my ear, just dnt want them to shave my side burn   but when the tat s there, I'll feel complete
Pandora's Lament - Chapter 7 is posted on my site.  Trying to get the update working on A/F as well but tech problem as usual 
http://bit.ly/hJERF I still want to see &quot;Limits of Control,&quot; but it of course isn't playing on Maui. But &quot;Obsessed&quot; and &quot;Fighting&quot; are. 
I really want to play sven bomwollen! But it seems the internet hates me and I cannot for the life of me download it! Angry kitty 
@epiphanygirl oh no, I missed it. Close to my mom's house 
Aww poor CAPS  Loss in OT! Ugg..! Hanging with the fam in MD!
@seedubya Cash only. 
gosh, Prison Break was once the best show on TV. especially season 1. but now this is just... sad. 
@Imkeepingup Gone so soon? 
Stuck in traffic. 
I just got totally schooled in Thumb War 
Ill hiiiide you in my walls your booody will never be found ill wear your skin as a suuuuuit pretend to be you only 20 characters left 
happy mothers day ! Stuck at work... So boring 
I want more miller..! How to Lose Friends and Alienate People is a great wee film.. I'm missing Emo bigtime tho...  
Feet are swollen. cant walk 
@alexandriabrown Near the end. Past all the good stuff. 
Real world is lonely at 4am when you wanna talk to people about your day 
Home Free Crib well parentless lol got the car... with nothinnnnnnn to do 
@lyteforce Missing your LB Stat Packs  It's not the same without the LBP.
Left side of chest is hurting.  hope nothings wrong.
Another Intolerance Discovered  http://tinyurl.com/obxtdj
Another Intolerance Discovered  http://tinyurl.com/obxtdj
Enjoying my last fun evening at tech with some great people! Tackling bit all day tomorrow. Kind of sad about leaving tech tuesday 
Stephs on her period. Sucks. 
Inside my blanket now. Tooooo sick to move. 
wonders why my food donation bag next to my mailbox was stolen this morning.  It was for the post office food drive people!  Shameful.  
Wow, almost fainted!Close call 
Looks like I won't be making it to @akchicago after all! Gutted!  Completely!  
Distracted tonight. Drove all the way to the 15 before we realized we forgot to go to the RV to pick up product for tomorrow's show. 
It's been a longggg day. Leaving for Texas in the morning, gotta say bye bye to Husband  only 4 1/2 months though!
Celiac.com Update: Another Intolerance Discovered  http://twurl.nl/6rdl4x
I was invited to a 6 person cuddle bed at the party but had to decline because I have a class at 8:30 am. Responsibility sucks 
Online shopping at Victoria's Secret and Abercrombie &amp; Fitch  I wish I had more money  No, I'm broke. Sososo broke this month. Sigh :'(
@iN0J Same here  let's go club ! Mwahahha
Oh No!  NO more Yao Ming for the Rockets... Out with a Hairline Fracture.
Another Intolerance Discovered  http://tinyurl.com/obxtdj
Another Intolerance Discovered  http://tinyurl.com/obxtdj
Hanging out at home! Alone.  @ Home http://loopt.us/9-ilNA.t
Watching SnL  hosted by J.T.  Tired 
Shattered and so wish I was asleep still. 
@Escape2TheStars oh for the love of god move on.  been there, done that, not fun.
Frustrated at myself because I'm teaching myself a whole semester's worth of information.   Long day of studying tomorrow, so goodnight!
@Escape2TheStars not. unless the other girl somehow gets the hell out of the picture,... but if not then definitely not. 
@Escape2TheStars i know how it feels and i know it sucks.  i'm sorry.  *huggles*
Sleepy, yawn yawn. Study day tommorow  wah.
Awake far too early for a sunday. Why can't I sleep in at weekends anymore 
Stuck in work 
Smell gets worse, on Transparency /Plagiarism  issues in secondlife, have commented on this before, collecting data watch this space 
@EthanSuplee Owie. Bruised mine, once; I feel your pain, dude. 
Celiac/Gluten-Free F Another Intolerance Discovered  http://tinyurl.com/obxtdj
Another Intolerance Discovered  http://tinyurl.com/obxtdj
@CocoFontana Same here! I haven't had good luck in finding a French movie with English subtitles.  I'll let you know when I find one.
@liipstickcherry LOL!! Ahh best believe u just don't know what the hell to do either. Cause I passed by urs yesterday and was like  missin
Another Intolerance Discovered  http://tinyurl.com/obxtdj
Rented Fallout 3, Played Fallout 3, Completed Main Quest in Fallout 3, Returned Fallout 3, Missing Fallout 3 
 then  ...just like that! Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-alcohol! Wow!
@ZeeNemesis wow. 1. Mean. 2. I always want to hang out with u... 3. That's not fair... 
@loft201 misses @modamouth!! Random Memories!!! 
Dream on  Ahh all my dreams, crushed. All I wanted was to get coffee, dude.
Low 14 Current 21 High 23 .... nice especially after thunder and lightning in the night. Mac mini seems to be ill though 
@freddurst Wish I were there with ya. Drunk that is... I just got home from work.  
Nightmares suck. 
Dosen't want to be awake 
Gutted, my TCT Food video isn't going to plan 
I lost my Lv. 43 in Squad Battle last night 
I'm layni in my hotel soooo sick  been extremely Ill all day fever and nausea  I heard tegan has same thing 
Dead to her and the world.... once alone always alone 
Beautiful sunny day. And I have to spend it with my mother in law. What a waste 
Watching Death Note! L died last week  Enter: Near and Mello! Matsuda is funny XD
heavy rain, True ch.16 signal cut off, I can't see the ending of film 'Mom at sixteen' 
there was this lady at #The Spur and she popped my space bubble so yeah... i feel violated... 
Powered on my Sun Fire 3800. Have problems with a CPU Board. 
What a nice day  sunny outside  Stuck inside revising , ohh fun 
Aaaaargh. Wisdom tooth is KILLING me. Left cheek is swollen. Who has a teething child? I am coming to steal all your bonjella. 
Watched UK #Masterchef when I lived there... Far better!! Nailbiting entertainment... Not to be missed! This one..Jury's still out 
My soldier is goin to war  Gone for a week
Cheap wine = headache 
@charlotterich Bravissimo do shirts for 'curvy girls' but they're expensive  I hate it when my buttons pop open! Inappropriate or what?
good morning just!...........Role on more Maths Revision (N) ... Lifes hard  xxx
@Timbzy Funeral just killed me so hard 
i feel sooo rubbish!!!  Full of cold 
Not feeling well again... Heartache hurts much...I don't even know who's the cause...but I'm feeling down 
@DebbieFletcher No they didn't come to Cradiff...I was gutted...Up close and Personal tours are meant to be their best!  xx
My phone had like 3 seconds of life in it this morning. Rubbish 
I sometimes curse the fact that I have a 24Hr M&amp;S food shop 100m from my door. Resisting temptation at 4am isn't one of my strong ponts 
Alone at home...just saw something on tv that made me think about...stuff 
Random phone call at 10 to 3 this morin  do they have no respect for ppls sleep?????
I am babysitting Rite now!!!  
Missed The Chain  (church over-ran).
@RedMummy Exposing herself to the 'celebrity' circus in that state can only make things worse too, poor little thing 
@bunnyhungry Share 
Hard to design a website 
The child who first made me a mother will be 18 in 377 days. Feeling like I ran out of time too fast. Cats in the Cradle. 
Home from relay and napping. Exhausted and not feeling the greatest 
Another Intolerance Discovered  http://tinyurl.com/obxtdj
Bk from Norfolk &amp; in bd w/ rlly bad cold, couldn't giv parents big hug they deserved as scared of passing on. Hubby had 2 do all drive hm 
Flock is really nice but i miss the browser addons for adblock plus and stumbleupon, 
Oh cock! Bloody head gasket went 30 laps in  overdrive worked fine though!
is tired, even after the long sleep she had. Bloody hell. 
@Hyper8 I'm a bit of a puzzle nut, if you like jigsaws its a good one, only 540 pieces, 539 now 
Dealing with a mountain of laundry this AM. Blowback for being sick &amp; putting it off 
Naked ironing at home... ...waiting. 
@Gypsy_Geoff - The Faver Terrorist is returning tomorrow??  Threat level - Elevated :-O
Strike 2 for today. Spilled a glass of water on my desk and thus killed 1 of the 2 laptops 
Change. Unexpected, unwanted and unavoidable change first thing in the morning really puts me in a foul mood. 
Worried about the Depeche Mode traffic tonight 
Housework.... bathroom cleaning 
Gluten Free pancakes would be good right about now...too bad i dont have eggs... 
Graduated a year ago ..... holy crap.  
Hopes i dont get bed sweats tonight  please no
looks like Free Realms site is down or taking a really long time to load 
Shoot.. Now I wish I had my passport 
Is it just me?  Small town Canadian gay men still in the closet?  Ill never figure out small town minds 
says Mid Term exam starts tomorrow  http://plurk.com/p/sy6b8
@xptpastor Hating on MS this morning? 
@kccatdr Same here only its been 11 years 
http://twitpic.com/4x92h - Leaving Paradise 
Emotional breakdowns r not gun! 
Left school for goood now  i thinkk (yn) haha , ! xxxxxxx
@kirstiealley  Same here. So sad I can't think about it.  
I feel very very Homesick 
@trueblooddallas My copy of Dead and Gone is missing pages 219-250 
Homesick....wishing I could be home in Van this weekend 
At Meg's, Neck Ache From Plugged  xxx
I hate meeting people on campus and having to tell them I failed to graduate. Reliving the shame over and over is 'fun'. 
Stuck in traffic because of a fire in the grape vine. 
@MusicJunkies90 No Matter how much I shrink that bg. It won't fit 
High: Semester is almost over!! Low: kinda chilly out today... 
@Jakoby0905 Same shit, we just got extention... And its stressin me. 
Due to all the craziness of the weekend, I haven't been able to write an Alone in the Dark review or the next Mr. Mind episodes.  
Worried about my lola. Scariest experience of my life happened today. 
Going to get some Beauty rest early 2nite. Busy day Monday. Closing on new house for my DD and Gr Daugh.'s first shots. 
@JoeJonas1Fan1 it just sucks  I have 4 weeks too
Going to bed now... Finished Spanish finally. Funeral tomorrow 
@spazzgirl that sucks   sorry!  Ill bring you a card!!!
Actually did my maths, idk how that happened. Dreading doing the poetry project in srt tomorrow 
Bloody tired, bad headache.. eh.. terrible terrible throbbing pain 
@vivalabritt Awe  it would have been so much easier to take you if you had mentioned it!!
Think I may have found the issue with my Hadoop Secondary Sort Map Reduce - its in my Grouping Comparator for the binary compare 
Slight headache... 
Home... Lonely. 
Still writhing. Ice isn't helping. Feeling like i might puke from the pain. 
Gone to bed long day tomorow I'm lost without my laptop cant get any writing done 
@x5315 Thanks for the reply! It would be cool to save it in an account. I use like 5 different computers  Killer app, though.
   I want to display my pretty voltron!  Upside, I get two pretty voltrons!
Why are austpost soo stuck in the dark ages with Package tracking!!! grrrrr 
In bed. Dying. Drinking theraflu. I smell like vicks. 
Being hungover= laying on the couch all day watching movies: Slumdog, Bride Wars and Case of Curious Button.. Back to reality tomorrow 
@Malunis Prowls legs make me said. I want him standing, but he's gotta be sitting most of the time. 
Scared cant sleep 
I'm so gonna miss Prison Break when it finishes  okies yeah i'm a tv buff lol
Bedtime. Early flight tomorrow. 
Going to the gym. Feet still too sore to run 
Are you a Lowes fan? Reconsider: they apparently don't want Deaf/Hard of Hearing money since they don't caption their advertisements. 
Overnight at the city hospital only to b woken up by the construction on the metro  need sleep
Sleep... Kim's Funeral... Closing by myself... Text it... Sick &amp; Tired of feeling this way 
@jepriy: hahaha. Change of plans hun. But bad news. The hott bouncer got fired! 
Awake. I'm ill because of my allergies and managed to have two nightmares during my 7 hour sleep 
Exhausted  quick bite, then off to bed.
having problems with ZF1.8  Fatal error: Call to undefined method SplFileInfo::getRealPath() .... #zf
Bloody stressed because nothing is working how it should 
Broken computer..twitter.  i miss you!
Scared...I feel alone and nervous about tomorrow.  
Slow evening on the social networks 
Uggghh I'm missing hella shit this weekend! Foating down the river!  Girls Gone wild is here! pwahahhaha
@MaileSmiley hey lady, i'm studying for micro. Midterm friday. 
Mice in the house!!!!  what should I do???!!!
Linear midterm tomorrow   Debating between sleep and knowledge.  Memorized, short-term knowledge, that is.
I am missing my Chaos 
@joshua_w Updates only start showing up after an hour. Weird. 
I'm so retarded i do'nt even know how to spell Stalking 
watching the documentary Left Eye made in her last days 
Temporary sadness fills me  I hope it goes away soon
Worried about my parents....its really windy tonight  need some sleep...night night
omg my life is so crap right now. Dreading school 2morro 
Another day Ill, 
Smallest cut in the world on my finger but it's SO SO painful 
People cannot read. Cigarettes smell 
Almerimar Forecast: Sunny Low 14 Current 16 High 22. Stoke on Trent Forecast: Wet &amp; Cloudy Low 7 Current 11 High 10. Off to UK today 
@AlissaNicolee yeeeeah! Ill show u tomato but hannah thinks someones gna have it  oh welll
Stuck in traffic in foggy Brum 
@purplepaper uangku tinggal receh thok Run, huhu nasib 
I am missing my Wife she is 3000+ Km away from me 
Watching VH1..the last days of Left Eye 
@matthewrmoore @mcaroleo I doubt he will, it's too late now. Catch him in the morning... maybe! He's taking a final at 7:30, then bye bye 
@mr_billiam Jurasic Land.  lol
Hard to get back into the flow of things after a wonderful holiday... the beach, the sand, the waves are all so distant at the moment 
A Sustainable Competitive Advantage ...yes this will be my downfall  hate hate hate exams
I wish I had a massive box of money. Money does solve everything! Saving $1000 is taking me FOREVER ! 
Exhausted... But yet I can't fall asleep?! Why?? 
Locked out of my own house.. No one's home and i dont hv the key right now... 
: TS last day. Relieved-yet sad. || Lack of sleep.. 
Quick tip don't lie to get into market research they are quizing me about books I falsely claimed to have read...  I just wanted the cash 
Froze my arse off at lunch today 
Awake but don't want to get up 
Today is the day.... Low expectations, tho 
Nothing like realizing your all-nighter efforts were in vain to make you happy you stayed up until 4 am.  Stinking disk failure.
Spoke too soon ... the sun she has gone 
Stuck behind a smelly ford transit!  sad times.
Dear Call Centre Focus, I won't attend your webinar as I don't work in a call centre. Sending 4 emails doesn't convince me that I do  boo!
@_Superhuman lol cool! im not doing much.... did you end up getting through??? i never get through and it really sucks 
@MyAppleStuff Same here. I remember sitting in LAX for 8 hours once just trying to get a flight home. 
@liammckinnon but it wiped out every penny i had won  lol. Battered sausage please!
I want to create new logo....but haven't Idea yet 
Scenario writing is not my kind of thing 
Grateful for the late call in... But it still means I have to get up in a bit. 
@timlovejoy Why did you delete your Tweets to me  Scared of a little bit of banter....? ;)
Jumping the &quot;trending topics&quot; bandwagon. Philippines. There!  *sigh* Beautifully camp country, I miss it already.. 
Jammed my middle finger in the back door last night and it is *really* hurting this morning 
Tunnel last night...total funtimes! Feeling a bit fuzzy today tho 
Paper round day today.    Sinus's are playing up. Tied. Dont really want to go out. Really need to win the Lottery.
Future of the Left play Brighton tonight! Slackers tomorrow! Thinking I'm going to miss both 
It could be worse. Stuck in a boring seminar before heading to vmug. Wish you could twit me a pint 
Awake and miserable...can't stop coughin...a cherry popsicle just didn't help at all...I just wanna go home...  
Own  None of my parcels arrived today! Annoying...
After this month and some of june itll all be over! Away to study 
Mixed up with my flights bc I tried to book flights while on the phone. Not smart 
@MunchkinMarcus  Same here , feels like a have a lump to the right side of my throat but i don't it's just where it's sore  xx
Empty bed 
@mlaich: True, but not within a 5 minute drive of where I live 
@Mary_R_Roberts Terrible Migraine think it is going to keep me home today -- intense pain making me ill.  Wanted to meet u today.
Just had a horrible customer experience with #Dell - Stubborn, bureucratic and completely lacking in customer focus. Avoid at all cost 
Left my makeup at home, darnit. No way am I going to work all day without  my armor on. U-turn 
Problem in the house. Family discussion. 
Forecast says high in the 80's in Front Royal VA for 100 mile run on Saturday.  Not a PR temp. 
@arcayae Hating you. 
@Escape2TheStars I even gave you a shout out yesterday.  i suck apparently. lol
Worried about my kitty who had to stay at the vet last night 
Storm hitting cape town this weekend. Brace yourselves for gale force winds and massive swell. kak surf tho  http://bit.ly/14LDru
gaah. going to school. hope something bad dosent happen.         im gonna try 2 go 2 Hot Topic
Stuck on the traffic 
False alarm on Woot!... they allow a Canadian address in account setup but don't ship here.... 
Broke up.  Long story !
Want to know, where to buy a Fantastic Plastic Machine - Album in Germany 
@juliecj Not fair  Guessing that's the road down to Costa Teguise?
@DelilahLaClairr babe, I couldn't sleep last night!!! We could of Broken into chilis, fixed us a plate and go to super walmart!! 
Excited to see the family..just wish it wasnt two weeks...im going to miss derek and jenny like crazy  gah the 30th cant come soon enough
Froze entire head with ice pack, headache mostly gone, but so is my energy 
Computing revision? Kill me  kill me now. on a happy note, im getting moneys for DVDs 
Awake but not wanting to be 
need to fix my wordpress blog http://idaapp.com/blog/ somehow subscribers automatically become Admins! Oddest thing is happening 
I'd better go get something done. I can't waste another day doing nothing! Housework wins 
Locked out 
 found a mosquito bite.  (Those tend to get really swollen and red for me)  Distracting myself with caffeine
@JDNX A Levels kinda took over my life, still do  You alright pal?
@tc2866 still at home..had the livingroom, kitchen and 4bathrooms all to myself! Boring 
@jChimmy Awe   Condolences.
Feeling sick to my stomach. Nerves and guilt are killing me.  trying to make the best of this day....
Just woke up am sicker than I as yesterday...fun fun fun I. Drowning in phlem here 
*@neilhimself, all it takes is pressure-you might have felt it slipping in your sleep and grabbed it.  Replaceable, at least.
Dodgy packet of Mcoys  boke!
Not Surfing 2mow  &amp; Not Going 2 B Able 2 Play Goalie 4 2mow Nights Soccer Game 
All the $8000 Tax Credit Ugly Yellow Sign Mastery Strategy footage I shot last weekend turned out bad. I Have to re-shoot it 
Awake, my bladder is full, and my tummy is empty. I don't want to go to work.  save me?
@theBrandiCyrus you know there is a bad end for Prison Break  I don't like lost ... i don't understand this is very complicated ..
Home. Off to bed. 
Partly jealously lol, as I have two economics exams and a history exam at the time of E3 and couldn't enter  Doubt I would win anyway lol.
Jury duty.  
@savvysticks i will do, where have you got a guaranteed place after the access? Cause i was hgoing to go for edinburgh, 5 highers tho  x
I'm really not feeling well. Upset tummy but not the LBM kind.  please be ok, tummy. I have to shower already.
Housebound at wrong time 
@AmandaClark_ you lost hope in me?  Depressing, fail.
@montemplar   Raid 0 - the king of dataloss.
@SherriEShepherd   LOVE Less than Perfect!!  I don't think I get Lifetime tho.  
Real ill 
Also, I'm a little mad we didn't get to see how that last scene played out.  Credits are cool, though.
@bllix Brutal imagery - and not work safe in any way.  :|  I feel tortured.  
Mixed emotions tonight 
@FrankieTheSats can't wait. Gutted my tickets came tio see yous in liverpool. Its the day I go on holiday  xx
I hate being sick  I don't even know how to analyse the damn Caretaker because I feel like death
My arms are really sore from We Cheer! 
@virginia605 Juggling two is so hard sometimes! 
Withdrawal symptoms? why do i feel so sad? grow up steph  
Just got a tweet saying stop talking to them... Odd i was not talking to them 
Stuck on the fuckin 60 I just wanna get home 
Watching season 1 of true blood ... Wandering why i'm still Sicky 
Couples dance...ugh. 
Daylight savings is dead and buried   what will they spend our hard earned tax dollars on now???
@SoFierce21 girl you not leaving it you just takin a Break from it...atleast it aint leavin you 
Wants spicy buffalo wings!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Dipped in blue cheese dressing!!!!! 
Tummyache!  Shoot me please.
Promise to never do that again, pratically I'm sorry 
&quot;Why is the moon so lonely?...Cause it used to have a lover...&quot; I'm so lonely 
I can't believe Broken Social Scene played 4 blocks away from my apartment today and i missed it. 
Just bought DannyGokey's song You Are So Beautiful on itunes &amp; it's different than 1 on TV. Doesn't include &quot;You are the air I breathe&quot;  
I was watching a documentary on fidel castro on youtube and suddenly my internetz went away and won't come back! Coincidence? I think not 
collingwood! Losing to carlton. Hopeless !! 
Awe i miss will ferrel on snl 
@girlwithnoname Of course, no longer there  Moved out to PoCo a few years back!
Excited about service in the morning....now I can't sleep 
Fell asleep about thiry minutes before the movie ended  I need to see it! Bootleg anyone? lol
I'm temped to watch &quot;The Incident&quot; again tonight: http://bit.ly/jJvPb   Reruns are all we have for now.  #lost
I'm temped to watch &quot;The Incident&quot; again tonight: http://bit.ly/jJvPb   Reruns are all we have for now.  lost (@donmelton)
@JoeJonas1Fan1 that sounds soooo wonderful!!!!!!!  i want a guy best friend  i had one in sixth grade but we grew apart 
is mad!  Prison Break is done with...and it was the worst ending evar!   
Just finished my 1000 word book review on To Kill A Mockingbird, now i have to hand write it... stupid teacher. its due tomorrow  cries
@carfullofpandas I wish I was as drunk as you but I am not. Witness my impeccable typing. 
Watching Prison Break again. I wanna marry Scofield too 
@juliemccoy88 Afraid it's all gone... 
@fletch_vaughan @JJFeeney @DomHarvey Sing File-- Girlfriends is the coolest song! it's not on itunes  where do i find it?
@nedwin thanks neddles. Spread the word. I had something organised but it fell through 
Is leaving afterparty for home... Bust tonight!    Gay!
all babies too expensive. Worn out too much walking. addit: also sick again.  
Tip: never sneeze whlile munching on a tim tam 
Scared, staying in a scary house with yappy dogs. 
Rode my bike into a ditch on the way back from badminton. Punctured my back wheel  Where will I find time to take it to the bike shop?
&quot;The Perks of Being a Wallflower&quot; is now my most favourite book ever 
Finished editing new character 'Ace' for @Incarna Riverdans Campaign for tomorrow. not enough CP to keep Danger Sense 
@tb78 they just want u to arrive, uniformed, show of HM navys weaponry, service the fleet and depart  Mind u, sounds ok LOL can  I sign up
Longest night of work evar! 
I hate dolls. And I hate Dead Silence. 
Home after a long day painting. Not much left to do, then get to start on the floors... Dreading that 
Sleepovers Over  So Gutted 
I watched the very last episode of Prison Break last night... 
??? Prison Break Final , Michael ????????, but.... so sad....  http://plurk.com/p/ubh5q
can't believe Abnormally Attracted to Sin will be delayed  But has tour pre-sale xD
@PinkMilkShop Tks for article, all very difficult. Struggling to articulate how they convinced me that Innocent's values haven't changed 
Stuck on the couch motionless as any movement makes the back pain a little more agonizing.  Not fun 
Full of hayfever today and feeling crap. 
If the social web works on human skils,  http://tr.im/lzDY the #joomla code of conduct matters.  Balance of power to group, not outsiders 
Brutal arrest of well-known Esperantist during Gay Rights march in Moscow  http://tinyurl.com/qj6swp
has subscribed with Alchemy twice to get an alpha download but they haven't sent eet yet  - Speak of the devil~! (be careful what you say)
has subscribed with Alchemy twice to get an alpha download but they haven't sent eet yet  Speak of the devil~! (be careful what you say)
Fitful sleep. Officially ill. Not impressed. Wanted to go shopping 
has subscribed with Alchemy twice to get an alpha download but they haven't sent eet yet  - Speak of the devil!~ (be careful what you say)
has subscribed with Alchemy twice to get an alpha download but they haven't sent eet yet  - Speak of the devil~! (be careful what you say)
Wouldn't Hannibal be put on death row or something :| Waiting for dinner 
I have a Killer hangover today 
Just finished Alone in the Dark.. I did the 'evil' ending and it wouldn't let me do it over. 
Bloody knee injury  doctors tomorrow
@bubblecat Legally, no-one is allowed to copy or forward press coverage (there's even a governing body) so we are not allowed 
Still feeling a bit meh today. Going to watch football with my dad again &amp; hope it cheers me up. Bloody raining again too 
@Sugababes_Real leaning against my friends wall and asking her why her room was moving. Turns out my hips were in a swaying mood 
@Sophistication1  You mean you don't feel the same? lol
I'm awake even tho every time my mom walks downstairs I'm pretending 2 b sleep so she won't talk 2 me LOL. Potential buyers coming at 10 
Writing Chapter 4 of a serial story for a magazine. Stumped 
Worried about my bro 
Annoyed I didnt know about the 200mb WinRE partition option in #windows7 while installing, now I cant use #truecrypt 
Excited and nervous about tomorrow. Also shocked at how bad the pics for my provisional licence are 
Up now ; i feel like shyt! Mean ass hangover 
@Murky666 Same, at my grans in Tranent... for a week 
Played B&amp;B this morning with the hikers. I could do that for a job. Now gonna ride the Va. Creeper Trail. Its 55 out though. 
Dosen't want to work today... 
@EvaMarcille they say u looked so good at the gala here in Tally wish I could have met you 
Stuck on the A67 to BE. Not moving at all, engine off.. I want to know what's going on!  And I wish I brought a book.
Change of plans for the day, the little one's caught her brothers stomach bug.     
@FrintonBoy &gt; let me know what you come up with party-wise. Own party for 8-year old coming up. Footie party too expensive 
Watching Diary of the Dead and doing some studying before my exam tomorrow 
@chixor Aww, poor Fishy and humans.  
@MCsavedmylife I expected it would be another Breakdown so I kinda shocked when listened to it 
Where was Bob Schieffer on Face the Nation this morning?  Strong discussion topics: release of Detainee photos and Supreme Court appointee
I am not looking forward to this Critical thinking exam tomorrow 
Disconnected 
@amitguptaz Amazing post!! Home made Pizzas are awesome... u making me hungry 
Break the fast I will. Crap, it's not that nice out there  I need my suuuun!
Home depot is smelly. 
@faeryqueen07 Swap, we got rain again! 
@usmcpablo Gr not going to happen. Ill be watching from my phone 
@binncheol hahaha aww. I was bummed out though. They had pretty much everything til the modern day but not kings quest! Gutted 
@thebandnork    Did you apply for a lot of them? Spite noted and understood.
Studying Hard for my exams 
oww dear god . (( Prison break finished ...WTF .....  worst ending I ever seen ...
hates it when they cancel Free Agent day 20 minutes AFTER the scheduled meet time when people are already waiting in the rain 
Inefficient week days keeps eating weekends. Needs to be stopped 
Goal in 2 mins  That hurts....
Wide awake ... And my throat is killing me 
Housework + back spasms = bad combination. 
SURPRISE - successful!! Out to dinner now with fam and friends. Not looking to my 7.20 flight back to london in the morning 
So shopping trip delayed till tomorrow... Cooking dinner for geeks, then playing the BSG boardgame. Far too lazy to go to the store 
Although there were some incredibly awkward scenes in Fighting, it was enjoyable. Expected a few more shirtless shots of Channing though 
I'm lovin' twitterific. Rather than twitterfon. Haha! I'm bored. Save me. 
I just watched 7 Pounds  is really sad. I woulve cried if I watched it alone  haha
would love to have more energy! Dreary rainy days don't help 
just spent 2 hours helping 6 1/2 yo clean her room.  Dreading her teenage years 
Devastated: local fish and chippy reopened, but no longer does battered sausages and is now more a kebab place. Better for my diet though 
Crawfish Boil today! Saaaad it's raining 
what a waste of time   I feel lousy.  Sexually unsatisfied and low energy.  In other words I'm feeling the same as usual.
Alone @ the office! Kerajinan amat yak! 
Perfect day to hang by a pool and catch some rays; too bad I'm working 
install of db worked first time, failed second time. Difference 2nd install I did the pre-reqs oh dear time for third attempt 
Worried about @strawberrylane: she was in a bad car accident last night and is in hospital. 
Mandatory work meeting at 6 tonight 
Won 9-6, quality match. Whole team played a great game, top notch performance, absolutely chuffed. Revision now, so failing exam tomorrow 
@producerneil oh my gosh I looooove jelly! Craving-dale for some now!  grr to you! :-P
Drained, overwhelmed, lost, &amp; a plentitude of similar adjectives 
Cracked my knee cap on the trailer hitch carrying groceries in. Praying it's not broken! Elevated with frozen veggies on it right now. 
Eyelash in my eye. It's so sore and annoying. 
Just got twitter. Waiting for the addiction to start. I hate business management 
NO! The Unusuals wasn't renewed for a 2nd season    I've never had a show I love get cancelled so soon and it hurts! Angry!
@mrrocknroll Heartbeat was a fabulous song! I wonder where my tape is...it must be hiding with the light of day soundtrack. 
whenever Radio by Cash Cash comes on I think how cute they all look when they r jumping trying to get the crowd to jump! I miss them. 
@deadlisyn balloono crapped out for me  Ill try again in an hour or so, until then have fun!
I wanted 3 chips to put in my tuna sandwich.  I had to buy a Family-Sized Bag.  I don't even LIKE lays, but...no sandwich is complete w/o 
@TheGhost Mis condolencias 
@kellypxox It apparently means 'for the win' xD And I fell awkwardly on it and have soft tissue damage  Painful as hell...
I'm in Little 5 Points in ATL, this rain is not poppin. 
@morriscat We have2 doors--one to street and one to apt.  Letter box is in outside door, I was behind inside door.  
is lovin that I have my own place now...but really miss my puppy Chance 
Fought my way through the rain to the Chatt Market only to find that the strawberry vendors were sold out,, didn't wait until new supply. 
Helping the hubs pack for his 4 day conference! Ill miss him 
upp but tryna go back to sleep ! too fucxkin tired !  last nite Cracked liek sum bombs ass crab leggs ! lmao
Prison Break is spoilt for me  ah it's sad to know though :'(
Is taking an insense break outside. Cause i can't light up inside 
@SophieLovesCeri Porn people following me too 
Beautiful day...Just got back from a family reunion where my cousins got a volcano kit.. The so-called &quot;lava&quot; was about 3 bubbles total. 
Tired as fuck cuz I ain't get no sleep... already went house shopping and now my girl wants to go to the beach... Exhausted but oh well 
@hannahbeck8 Agreed, hate the overthinking biz! The smarter you are, the worse it is. Inner editor eradicates creativity and first steps 
Just re-watched &quot;We Feed the World.&quot; I'd forgotten some of the chilling systemic effects of our global food production. So disturbing. 
started to watch Isolated Incident and I can't stooooppp  lol
ohh the last episode of Prison Break was really really sad  almost I cried like a baby, but I was strong!
@FollowTheFish Outlawing of beards?  I like my fuzzy boyfriend.
Bloody sea-king helicopter over my house at 6.30am! No chance of a lie in so off to work early 
@artywah Not really. I just printed the Quick Reference, shrunk to 95% and selected the body text &gt; Print Selection. Fail 
@ShaunHailes No   Seat does not fold down.
Worried for maths 
Aww her bus came  Waiting for the 4:30 train back now...
My Ovaries 
@MsJuicy313  that's low man... Heavy
Jury duty in the morning. Its probably going to suck 
Spilt coffee all over my office desk!! What a mess 
@adbrad Because I was stupid and immature at the time.  And partied much more than I studied!  Real cool, I know. 
My Debt Card is Empty ... 
Just woke up and went pee...now I dont think Ill be able to get back to sleep 
@Kazcita benediction was good.  Much easier to cope with.  Arm is a mess after mass though 
Mornings - I hate. Sleeping - I like. 
Sitting in spanish class with @MartheCairns, we are soooo tired! Dying atm. 
Oh dear... Wearing a mask and Waiting for my number at thomson medical centre... 
@imjustdave @wordspit both passed out on me  lmaooo, I guess Ill go to bed too.
Downside of having a man that lives in another state: the lonliness 
Stuck in traffic 
@Mistic_Morgue    what color you gona go with?
@qudsiya i know how that feels  but what were you doing Oxygen tanks? Stockpiling them?
.@YourMrBumbles Bet that didn't make you a happy bunny   Blocking should be left for extreme offences, dont you think?
Exhausted from eating! I'm really going to miss my mom's food 
.@smartie999 Aaaw, the little tweeties! Doubt whether all 8 will survive, though 
Bittersweet to the max in 1 1/2 days 
Horse abuse, injury &amp; death set to continue for the mirth of men. Shameful.  http://bit.ly/YPhtW
I still cannot believe Prison Break is over. Always thought that it would go on for ages. 
Someone somewhere didn't like Matching Wheel http://bit.ly/YoZbB  
Saw a dead kitten, crushed under a vehicle probably, near the Fuel Supplies Maldives petrol station  Looked adorable even in death.
Spam- und Autoresponder-Terror auf der t3a-members Liste 
@lukeb80 PS sucked not having you there yesterday  I Euro-educated my flatmates instead! Promise me a consol-ation revission?
At college but half asleep. Full day today, dont finish till 4.15  bad times xx
im downloading Killing Floor..  ..i hope i dont scared .. LoL ~
@arthur_alston Straight flush king high today and still my account gets skimmed.  very demoralizing
Annual review. Only written three passable poems in 12 months.   Uninspired or writing too much prose?
Tallest dog in the world has cancer  http://bit.ly/s7xsg
Ill  will it never end?
Stomach ache. Real painful too, and i cant go home. 
@beckamcmaster nope looking at screen hurts, got hand over left eye to make pain less! Difficult not to use screen when developing code 
Ill be back in a sec going home from school, feel so ill, but then coming back in 
Hard to work at home with this weather...  http://yfrog.com/1450dj
C'mon2 arrive at home please. Afraid.. 
omg Legal test 2morrow!! Epic Fail!! 
Forcing myself to write a newsletter. Loads of far more interesting things to do 
Morning.. Catching the bus soon for college 
@julielaurenvick that's why I watched it! Cause my mom said she was me but I think it's just cause she's single and talks to the homeless 
Morning all. I'm on night shift tonight  Quick coffee with a friend then back to bed for me!
I was more productive when I was pissed off.    Discouraging.
No shower,no milk for tea,no sun shine and my washing is still wet!!! Cry cry 
Awake at five am is no fun... Especially when you went to bed at midnight and you don't need to be awake until seven thirty.   
Stuck in college the whole class has been accused of cheatin on an exam 
Slow day is slow. 
Checked in for tomorrow's flight. Flying United for the first time, it has a cheap feel so far. Not looking forward to it 
@benny_bennett Seekers? I like the sound of that.  I would like to think I am happy, the world frustrates me so often though. 
Full of cold, not a happy bunny. 
Worried bout my sis, but got a contact to call me if anything happens. 
@aardmanonline - lamenting the fact that I didn't win free tickets to the W&amp;G beer evening on wednesday by Timeout 
Reading criminal law cases. Lots of them. Thoroughly. I am very bored and hate exams 
Shattered and feeling flu-y  ... off to bed and hope for a good sleep for once.
Starting prepare for projects going live later in week. Worried the brown smelly stuff will hit the spinny twirly thing... 
Only 2 exams to go... Better get revising, genetics is the only module that is as hard as it sounds  But this time next week... PERU !!!
I lost one of my headbands. Gutted. 
Today's favourite sound - Pneumatic Drill  http://ping.fm/ix5fz
Frost advisory this morning, and I just burnt myself on my hair straightener  Cruel irony?
@tdolby2001 &quot;Temporarily out of stock&quot; 
@aardmanonline - lamenting the fact that I didn't win free tickets to the W&amp;G  evening on wednesday by Timeout 
@morning_ireland You're not following me so I can't DM you back  Left a message at your extension...
7 days without a working kitchen is enough. Ready for a home cooked meal  Also suffering from PE syndrome (Post Eurovision syndrome)
@Ad1TyA why? 
Doing the Poster Presentation about Weblogscreening - I hate PPT with A0-Slides...  Always focusing the wrong stuff!
Still not feeling right, sleeping like a bear in hibernation. Lethargic when I wake up too and no interest in anything, not even food 
@lilmisspixi that is probably true  I bought a kinder egg and got IDd over the weekend..also someone asked how college was haha
poured bowl of cereal not realising there was no milk.  used OJ instead.  Partial success: better than water but still wouldn't recommend 
is craving for ramen  Random but @-)
Home sick with sore throat 
Master Clense &amp; Fast begins today (4 real this time!) I'm excited, but still sleepy &amp; can't get outta bed 
French exam = Bit of a joke really, 2.5 hour exam, finished in 1.5, well bored for last hour  at least it's all over now 
Planning lots of summer @junction49 sessions whilst listening to @passionpit... ahh. Full of cold today... need a duvet, soup and cuddles 
@mr_cf True I was thinking that v quiet  crimpomatic where are you are you hiding? the internet is a big place but we will find you 
Home sick ;; feeling gross 
@jessicastrust Battery went flat - iphone not me lol! Bit distracted by having to revise 
Stuck @the office 
PETA Foundation Demands Maximum Sentence for Cat Decapitator http://ow.ly/7x9c Poor mogggies 
@LittleMissBob Home, but too late  I'll talk to you when you get home tonight
Mighty disappointed with myself..forgot the home keys in office. Realized when I got home. Going back to office now 
In ict,,, Boring 
My almost 2 year old got time out in creche today. Slapping and pushing the other kids. 
Rt@PetaEurope PETA Foundation Demands Maximum Sentence for Cat Decapitator http://ow.ly/7x9c Poor mogggies 
Just got to work... Tired 
Not to spoil for those who haven't seen it, but the final episode of Prison Break; in particular- the last five minutes was z0MG WTF!! 
shall be working at Step Ahead as a mentor again  woooo but Em's gone, n his mobile still hasn't turned up 
@EVAxR0CKz how unfortunate  well next time do a little bit of homework beforehand, and you'll get yours! Promise ;)
Terrified to find out the results of this endoscopy/colonoscopy  I can't take losing another pound
Stressful day! 
Really disappointed. Cooked a chicken last night, made sandwiches this morning. Left sandwich at home. I was looking forward to that 
I'm back.. to downtown 1984  Daylight Savings did not get passed the referendum again.. How is this possible?
@AS_dirt won't download, I need to update the phone.  Same with facebook. 
Cause of humidity. 
@MrPointyHead thank you! Realise that now. I feel a bit dumb for asking 
Extra tired. And ankle is still killing me.i dont understand why 
I'm on the bus! Awful weather in Denmark atm  or, it's awful where I am. I just felt a tear running down my face. Wtf?! Falling in love &lt;3
Yellowstone Workers Fired for Urinating in Old Faithful http://bit.ly/8vpDb #odd &lt;-You have to wonder what motivates some folks 
Bloody hate birds sometimes. Just cleaned up two wet bird poops the size of dinner plates off my windscreen 
didn't make it through work. Docs app later to try and get a sick cert. couldn't handle focusing on work &amp; other thoughts in my head 
Dare i say it....i hate mondays! 
@noreturnmom  that's pretty scary  Alarm sounds like a good idea.
drinking some coke and doing an essay on &quot;Does IT Matter?&quot; 
I'd really like to say I'm not listening to NIN right now. But I'd be lying  Nine Inch Nails - Into the Void #musicmonday
Car broke down  Stuck on the road for a couple of hours.
Shots hurt. 
Not gonna make opening for Magic Kingdom *sniff*. Also couldn't find EITHER of my Guest of Honor badges nor my special oldskool bday pin. 
@rachelho Fine.  I appreciate your effort! (((((
T1 will be grumpy tomorrow and he's being assessed for autism spectrum disorder!  Hard to assess if all he does is grumble and cry 
 This song sucks. It's like...80's Background music.
I am awake.  Enough said. 
Dual monitor less ... good morning ... 
@cakiiebakiie It would be. That's one of the reasons I want one. I find the touch screen awesome.  Doubt it'll ever happen though 
Cheap mondays are cheap. And my new ones are already breaking  but I still love them majorly.
Left it too late to go for a walk &amp; now it's bucketing down &amp; I'm having to shelter under a tree on the canal bank 
The main router in  my home which connects to the internet has failed.  - Disconnected from the Home Network &amp; Home Server.
 Dt exam tomo .... Doing revsion now  !
8 days til my boo T.I. Goes to jail. Awe  I wonder what he's doing..
Nevada my Haflinger has a 'baby' cold. Cough, runny nose.  Started antibiotics when his temp went up  Feeling better yesterday.
Left my pop tarts in the  diaper bag 
Accident with hair dye has made me red 
Lesser people on chatroll... awwww 
My laptop fell off my bed. Cracked my screen.  It isn't horrible (still completely usable) :$
Delusional from lack of sleep - it should be an interesting day. I ? 8 am psych class 
Awake super early to go run...and my running mate totally forgot about me 
@Jonster Past tense suggests you've shelved it already... 
Working....With Broken Glasses 
@tom_bleaker True, my level of coolness pretty much demands a flying/time traveling clothes washing machine. Functional, but still lame. 
Away to head home and the rain's starting. I've a funny feeling i'm gonna get soaked before i reach home  http://bit.ly/16WeqE
@ThoreauLM Safe travels this week.  We are all still sad  for ourselves, but happy for you!
I just realised this year will be my last year as a Teenager. Gutted 
Downside of doing the AIDS Walk... I caught a cold and my right leg is sore. 
@SweetBullshit i think its just from tweetdeck, the program i use. Cause i can still use it from the web. I'm an addict... 
A beautiful day, even if I have to do more tax work   Embrace that which you don't want 2 do, 2 enjoy what you really want to, note 2 self
@Gailporter I wish I could have had a lazy day in bed  Swap with you for a week?
Low blow brighton, taking my house with a tree away 
Gutted that I'm now third in Fantasy Football 
Wth. It's not supposed to snow anymore 
Up and hardly at 'em. Hard to get back into the swing of things. I just want to sleep alllllll day 
Excited about the future! Not so excited about the state of the economy  how to resolve the conflict? Is there opportunity knocking?
Left my coffee at home 
Broken big toes hurt a lot....wishing I was at home on the sofa 
Re exam wasnt that bad 2 hrs  someone 2 places in front was sick and the smell was stuck in the room for ages after eww
Loves the rain. Scared of the result. Not putting any hope. 
@Modest_Bleeders no spam... a friend really sent it. thanx 4 the vote of confidence.. 
Redmond Bids Farewell to Dying Farrah http://bit.ly/JSwGJ #news very sad 
@polyesterfudge Water relieves itchy eyes? Win! I'm watching Heroes season 3 and am mucho lost 
Burned the roof of my mouth last night now it hurts to eat 
Norton Anti-Virus.... Does it ever stop a virus? 2nd infection in 2 weeks. 
Re-watched Skins season 2. I cried at the ending... again. 
Object-centred sociality - yes! Sense of community - no   http://ow.ly/7za4  (via @rohitbargava )
I had a dream last night that Wide Awake was updated.  It's not...of course.
@lexgoddard How did ya get thru..  i Always get his voicemail without ne option 2 leave a msg. am from India.. Running out of Cash now lol
Watching Biggest Loser and Fringe tonight! Yay for DVR! Tomorrow is Study time for finals  meh
Fell asleep with her glasses, now they are nowhere to be found!  Blind for the day 
Ugh. Calculations: by the time I get home from meditation class, if I go, I'll have been up 18hrs. Conclusion: best to skip this time. 
http://tinyurl.com/ovnbuh (NYC Gets First Swine Flu-Related Death)  http://plurk.com/p/ul56o
back to work   Real world time again
I'm watching 'The Notebook', and I actually find it sad  i'm not heartless after all
Logged into XM ONline to see account deactivated. Called to see what up, they're doing upgrades now causing the false message, but no R&amp;F 
Spilled coffee on myself... 
Dead rising 2 looks fun, i still play Dead Rising for some bloody zombie slaying fun. If only i had the money to buy the games i wanted. 
@CientifiQ  aww damn    R u at work?! Or Home?!
is naboyet sa ending ng Prison Break  http://plurk.com/p/ulclf
Internal bleeding and sickness is no fun.. Fix me!! 
Sunburn tweaking. Tweak tweak.  Nose a runnin - away 2Scunthorpe 2day. Looking 4ward 2 wkend. It's the Smigsters b.day. old town.
@mikey_vengeance Epic Fail 
I just broke my nail. Intensely. 
Problem with living at home in the suburbs: it is difficult to get to a bed after excessive imbibing happens and trains stop running 
Totally up for the some Violent Femmes only I cannot find my cd. 
@Bookstorebabe21 hahaha oh noes my multiple characters-ing freaks you outs! Noes! 
Annoyed that Sainsbugs online isn't working 
Why do I feel so hungover, I only had a couple of pints last night! Unacceptable 
is wishing she was at Leaky Con 
i want buy &quot;The Host&quot; of stephenie meyer, but i don't want to finish &quot;Braking Dawn&quot; 
The Cocktail Table I bought from #TheBrick is taking it's damn time to be delivered. It's been 5 weeks already. Likely 2 more weeks 
just got off work..tootsies was dead tonight  it's bedtime so i can be up early for the b-roll shoot with Restless Heart in the morning
Awake now. Feeling a little less angry now. Shower is in use so I'll have to wait in line. Really not looking forward to work today. 
Ill again 
Hellla full from pho! Last ones to leave &amp;shit. Waiting for jill or someone to get me outside! 
Pinned hair up last night, luke I usually do when I want my natural curl to come out. This morning it was a full on afro, now candyfloss 
@bella_mafia Shooting as in film or guns? That sucks 
@mjfh81 this place makes me feel Ill 
@jcwentz lol, luv to party with u, but u live on the other side of the world, and i have to study...    Cry.
rough day at work today! Difficult dogs! Munchkin had a play date tonight. unfortunately she went home early with a tummy ache 
HB is gone back camp, hopefully for the last time this round.. Waiting for him to book out..  - http://tweet.sg
@deathfolk Aw, lame.  Heal up quick.
I have a love-hate relationship with the pliability of time during the writing process. It is far past my bedtime. Far. 
@Contently I read that on your blog yest. Hubby and I were longdistance for a while when we started out. Frustrating  hug x
Not having a good morning.  Dodgy tummy (still) and hospital appointment to look forward to. 
Gutted - the tea bag split ruining my lovely cuppa 
Planchet had a bad seizure tonight. Long and violent. He's like some kind of tortured were-kitty... 
@sarahwong Wow amsterdam... have fun! I have work tomorrow  Only a half day though thank goodness. Freezing my ass right now.
Why does my mom have to destroy my life? Home now. 
Broken links ohnoes!  
Broken washing machines, EGM, illness all things that I didn't need the stress of dealing with right now 
Pumped to go to gym to only work out I didn't pack all my gym gear 
Bloody choppy. This is the boat that tenders us ashore. We going to walk to castello brown 40min walk   http://yfrog.com/0ycjxj
@missjnz Safe journey back, its a long way 
@brykins I feel like the only one in the world thats not having next week off   Rubbish!!
Awake but still not feeling too good, a bit headachey and coldified  And got lots to do, my inbox when crazy this morning!
Done my French Reading about 2 do listening..that's the hardest part 
Ill, maybe i have tonsilitus who knows  xx
Awakened by scary, horrible nightmares again. 2nd time in a week  I'm not sure what's causing them but I don't like it...
Forum ,  Web site and Game ?s Down 
@lindsaylovell Same, I look nothing like my photo now 
@victoriark Much nicer *there* than *here*. Same sky/cloud configuration but not a pool in sight here. 
@scooby867 Bloody golf is coming here, don't remind me.  The place will go a bit mental then I think 
Study Leave is Boring! 
Stuck in the rain  http://twitpic.com/5olb6
Date didn't go so well 
What makes it even worse is that there is never going to be anymore Prison Break!! I ask you what is a man to do, WHAT is a man to do!! 
thank goodness, ive passed my mother tongue. Miracle but I am not happy though. I want either an A1 or A2 
Working from home today, working on presentations for next week. Builders working next door. Noise from drills very irritating. 
Queues everywhere I turn 
Bloody thing  I'm giving up the search 
cant sleep  cat is presenting the Tummy Of Apology
Worst. Insomnia. Ever. 6:15am and I've been awake all night long.  Always been a night owl, but this is f*cking ridiculous!  Hafta work!  
@uberlaze   Large amounts of not good.  Free p5?
Suicide of anyone, but especially the young is always so sad to me!  http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/30865708/
Getting ready for skewl. Tired as crap.!     *Ms.ChelseaBaby(:&lt;3*
Gone from working in the sun to working in a cold little room without a window 
@HerrWulf thats half the problem, But ive been working since 6  i prob wont get to stop til Gone 6 my lift home has pissed off so Dire! 
Peeved that *one* glass of wine last night can produce a headache this morning   But am beginning to get back up to speed ...
just my luck.....Story of my life 
You know, it's pretty random, but right now I could really go a cream egg. Just found out I'm working at 2. Gutted 
Left without even saying anything 
Left without even saying anything. You know I was there 
Left without even saying anything 
Excited senior Tweets make me jealous. I have to come back 
good morning peeps! Would someone share a bit sun with me? I need sunlight again. Chilling inside is weird today! 
Trying to win tickets to see &quot;No Doubt&quot; on Chum fm... I lost 
&quot;Seperate multiple email addresses with commas,&quot; says the web form, then rejects my multiple addresses because the field contains a comma 
so the eyedrops aren't helping the pain in my Left eye!  it's so irritating!
is very cold and revising. Rubbish 
@holtaway Few interested peeps, I think we should organise! Feet not touching ground long enough to sort it this week though... 
's tummy hurts   Lack of food is bad.
@Mikesta *points to the others* Blame them. 
is on a Ban for memorial weekend yes.......sigh 
Shit hits the fan! MD tries my number he got from outlook. Wrong one there. He lashes out at HR and IT. Everybody hates me now. 
Ground beef recall is sad. The truth in front of us that eating meat is wrong- but they'll blame the beef company than handle the truth 
Board games tonight! I was unable to procure a copy of Grave Robbers from Outer Space in time. Failure. 
@QueenofScots67 Afraid not,  still looking for homes
Watching the Pokerstars on TV  Strange the odds of winning these tournaments is now almost considered impossible 
Is Poorly 
Looking at Final Builder for Continuous Integration. Cruise Control is just too time consuming and finnicky to set up. More cost  #fb
Pleasee! Old Law &amp; Order is Hurting me! So Boring 
Signing a lease &gt; Picking Up Wedding Dress &gt; Funeral 
Awake gettin stuff ready for my daughter dr appt I'm so nervous she's gettin shots n ears pierced 
Awake unfortunatly  i have a feeling my day is gonna suck im pissed already
Awake now, due to sister packing for the beach at an exorbitent volume 
Everyday I pray for a miracle because to you i am invisable. 
@Ravages wont be able to attend - working tomo  next photowalkers meet then!
@lisanichole714 You must have Geico. Same thing happened to me on a friday.had to drive to kennessaw.they dont reserve nor pick you up 
Awake, but still tired  I didn't get enough sleep last night.
@okgop4me  Trouble hit home, I had to resolve it before I could leave today. 
Awe narts I left my car windows open lastnight...soggy seats 
Forgotten me sodding lunch, it was going to be yummy as well 
Cast off...can't walk good though. No pub tonight 
Stuck in mornong traffic 
the Two Words... Epic Win video got more comments last year, giving me a reason to watch it more/cry from laughing. i miss them 
Wow, everyone is excited for Third Eye Blind tonight. I made the show poster for it but can't use it cause it had Bettie Page in it. 
Home now and I have a still sealed Punch Out. But I'm heading off to the doctors in a minute so don't have time to play. 
@emma2381 what is it with these companies only giving half an hour for lunch !!!!! WTF.  Past tense, so we not friends anymore ? ? 
Left work nice and early.......now stuck on M25 again!! Looks like I'm in for a long one 
Getting Little Bit enrolled in Pre-K. Aw, my baby is not a baby anymore. 
Graduated last night....now everyone i care about is gone 
Spilled my coffee in my car 
has lost the garage key. Location: doghouse 
im  sooooooo Tired  i think i may be dying .....       .....  #SaveEarl
Left the house but forgot to repaint my toes! I feel so naked! 
@scribb 3 Like Home is 3's secret weapon of awesomeness 
@slightsarcasm yeah well. You have had it longer. so shush. Burst my little bubble 
Same sub for science as yesterday still watching movies. No one to slip with though 
bye twitter Land 
Annoyed that my computer doesn't work.......and upset that my doggy's ill again. 
Hiccups 
Assertion: you have the graphics. Reality: I don't have the graphics. 
@mtr08 Too bad Whispers is closed. 
My loneliness is like the night air. Invisible to the eye, but obvious to the touch. It is cold uncomfortableness... *sigh* 
It's been a while I haven't posted a message on twiix  Reason being I'm busy at work and I'm working on a new twiix functionality.
@Natalieexox Nopeee she's not. She has an Aikedo Grading tomorrow 
@Rax1 Steady, not too much fun, remember you have to go to work later 
Awake...wanna go back to sleep  haha but have to take cousins to school! Then im  gonna watch drama..i hope  @o0judy0o  has ep 12 open lol
Ignore that last post... (damn!) Bad info! Magnum wins 16-14 over the U 
If I were an Indian, today my name would be Broken Middle Finger ~ 
Missing out @dotnetwork gathering tomorrow. Sudden issues related to flight that forced canceling it  #DNK
I need a mars duo 
Unanswered question http://bit.ly/AdRsQ  
Awe my puppy thought he was coming to kelowna with us 
@francescavaney I will deffo keep you posted with gossip! Gutted you can't make it 
Exhausted.  I smell sweet potatoes...
Oh, forgot to mention: Spilling water over competitors CEO isn't just highly embarrassing, it doesn't lead to many brownie points either 
Off to work in 90 degree weather &amp; pants -- fk'a dress code.  Gone til 6pm.
Stuck at work while everyone else got to go home. 
My school, which stood tall for 138 years is being brought to the ground! Victim of gentrification! 
@tobinibot @sorenj @andreaapplegate @derdrache thanks guys. It totally sucked. Mean people suck. I may be b**chy but mom &amp; dad r sweet 
Stuck at work  on a friday too.
Ill miss all you guys  never change
@tiffany_duh @m_dub22 I'm here. Alone  9dayss.
Crap! The Western Digital portable hard drives at best buy were $129 yesterday, and are $179 today 
Listening to Chasing Cars 
Scoring is soooo boring (just to get a rhyme going...). Especially 21 orchestral parts. they don't even fit an A4! 
OH daTs 4 hIs m0Vie.. iDc I Want His 0fFicIaL tWiTteR pAge.. cAn't bEliEvE nOne oF mA f0LLOweRs gOt iiT.. UggHh  !
Mourning the loss of my favourite umbrella this week, only to loose my nice replacement at the bier cafe. Robbery victims are real! 
I have far less money than I originally planned for this trip  Ill make it work though
@Justicewhit yaaaay! Problem: I move tomorrow. 
@SusieCornelius box games!!!!!! Blind Date was still by far and away the best one we came up with, as well as deal or no deal. 
@2012ad that is so sad  Suicide is hard enough to deal with even when you hardly know the person or any of their connections
On another note, I'm also making a tweet-deck Object-Dock icon, I looked on Deviant art and couldn't find any?!?!  Which is sorta a shame
My hair is so flat :| Clear is not working anymore 
Showered and fresh...homework? 
Run down : had a wonderful day, shopped, @BadBoyHenRoc was nice nd found my twin @212HARLEMG ...but the cavs lost 
Denied entry into Siddhivinaayak Temple, thanks to my laptop 
Wreck at Exit one 
Wanted to try and sew one more bag before bed, but am too sleepy. Sleepy sewing results in upside-down pannels n such which are no good  
Home missing my siamion 
Freeezing my ass off in lax... Dreading the shuttle ride to van nuys its going to be even colder  
Devastated on the court's ruling on Prop 8 
Sadness Abounds. 
@nevinlyne isn't it just. Bit beyond my price range though 
@mgmyself It is! Accidents can happen no matter how vigilant you are...apparently she got caught up on a cord on the treadmill Tragic 
Forced Shutdowns are pretty boring..especially during the delhi summers 
@spoondoc True but all of my friends have brand new babies 
Ugh... Stuck watching letterman instead of leno bcuz of stupid digital tv. Nbc isn't coming in tonight! 
Ps not just because abi's moving even though thats... Drastic  yuigfgyuid
Changed the oil in my bike today. Shifting like butta! Long exhausting day and I just realized @abeautifuletdwn called me an hour ago 
Working on the photos from Babylon Falling's last reception for an @fecalface report. Bitter-sweet. 
Oh no! The boat that sank on Deadliest Catch sank on my birthday! This brings on the sads  It wasn't the best birthday, now I know why.
@elsalinas Ouch! Low blow! I loved that puppy. 
edge  really??? For hours tho??? Fine... maybe I'm not supposed to say anything...
@tweenkle77 I cant find them. Smoking bars just don't do well here. I'm sure theres some in the city, but I dont know where  It sux lol
6 weeks into school and i oversleep?? Wth is wrong with me ugh 
My brother just spilled soda all over my leggings now I gotta shower am miss Deadliest Warrior 
Now i'm watching 'The Greatest Game Ever Played' knowing the Yankees are going to blow it. So much for first place. Wild Card bound 
Disabled ppl make me lose my appetite  
@tracecyrus hey, you going to norway more than once? Cause im gonna miss you as i live all up north and i wont be in oslo that night! 
@rubimartes I miss talking to youuuu  and yikes! Spilling things and computers do not mix well. :/
Oldest daughter tells me our Kangaroo gas station is closing. Drove past it earlier, I'd say she's right. 
@cindymcoles lol  Same old story, different day   You know what I'm talking about ; I
Past Mood: Good. Current Mood: Irritated  Future Mood: Chill
@jaydeflix -  more talking in 1st weekend than last yr total.   Some people unable to shut up (yes, Anarchist Wife pl I'm talking to you)
Free screenings of the new joseph gordon levitt and zooey deschanel movie, 500 days of summer, but the closest is in memphis 
Accident on corner of republic and judges. Avoid cresta  #trafficza
@jordanknight ....Too Many ppl are MIssing Out! Their Loss!!! 
Going to bed. Knocked out mad beats today. Court tomorow.  then more beats then showoffhiphop.com live at 9pm
Stale saltine crackers make you sooooooo thirsty 
#3wordsaftersex Videotape ran out.  
Awake but sooo exhausted  Why does the weather have to be so shitty.
Trying to muster up motivation to get ready 4 work.  Hard to do when I know I have to work last tonight 
off to Jury Duty on such a beautiful morning 
So many chores to do now the the hub is back at work, but no energy to do them  my least fav of them all... Folding laundry, ugh!!!!!
I love dead phones! Hip hip hurray...not 
Poxa, o Portrait as Living Deads acabou! http://portraitsaslivingdeads.blogspot.com/ 
@DoinItWell Mildly scared? seriously? 
Bedtime.. Long day tomorrow 
The Girlfriend Experience is a little... weird. 
Dead cat in the street. 
Exhausted.. one more day of work 
@hu_man lol you're cute &amp; ily. no surprise til tomorrow though sry  Blame my mother. but I still love you.
Full house, no video games for me 
@ddlovato Your Mean 
we're gonna make it a fondue party tonight! Extra hard work out tomorrow morning  but it will definitely be worth it!!
I hate when your almost asleep, like any second and your out and then u get a text message. Awake again. 
Home alone again... 
Surprise surprise...cAn't sleep 
Scared for my math test tomorrow 
@BuckF1tches I went! End of the week, so sadly, they didn't have the cheaper stuff in stock. 
I can't wait I'll boston @scmo @whoisdan!!!!!! Ill get the ticket tomorrow afternoon!! We will only be missing chels and shi 
@Saundraaa Tears! I offer to hook u up with a case! I offer to give you the cd thats been sitting in my laptop bag for like 15 years. 
just got home.....bedtime....ahh I am so sick of two certain people right now I could scream!! Scared to death for the show...... 
Caught a J shaped Unown. Joy. 
@colinsamuels Who said home was less toxic? It's not  Eviction underway, but expect no resolution for at least a month.
Strange sound from under the hood...  http://tr.im/mKMa
I need to enjoy my life as a senior at high school! Cause it's almost over 
Overwhelmed with stuff. This weekend &amp; all of next week are gonna pass by so fast... 
@makcity Same here 
#3wordsaftersex good job Righty!  
Scared of the thunderstorm and all the warnings on tv. 
??? ?????????? ???????????? Win7 ??????  ???? Coherence ????????. ??????, ????, ??? ?????  http://plurk.com/p/wwzlr
Waiting Waiting Waiting, apparently 15 mins till they call!!! 
@Palchan Rest its poor soul. 
@ShannOOO I just got a game over  i forgot how to play. I must focus, by tomorrow morning I'll beat the whole thing. Pause.
#3wordsaftersex &quot;you really smell.&quot;  Excited for my trip tomorrow. not excited for missing @LYDIAmusic and @brandonwronski tomorrow.  
Panic attacks need to stop happening! 
@missrubyrouge yeah,not as long as 3 weeks  more so just one probably!! :| So this week a model must cancel on you and Ill do it instead;p
Sleeptime. Broken promises suck 
is relieved. Fate is doing better, dishwasher is fixed, and car is almost fixed. Fan belts are replaced, but speakers need to be replaced 
sick at home w/ the flu.  Boss gave me no option, so have 2 go in2 work 2night cause everyone else is sick &amp; I dont sound as bad. WTF??
Sex is out of &quot;you think you can dance&quot; 
Working an 11 hour day. Not off till 3. Salary is awesome 
@foxy_manacle dude, I am ready to kill them. They are all up in my space. Drunk assholes 
Ugh. Hecka bad mood for some reason 
@D_Child yea im still here...we doing homework.. 
@zlguewi True! I saw that episode too bc I watch every day...bc I'm middle aged 
&quot;The World I Know&quot; always makes me sad. 
I am never eating after 8pm again.. Bloated 
Slow cooking lamb shanks; realising what a mess our paperwork is in - unable to find car reg. and insurance papers 
@CristaltheGreat  oh wait... you said Childless... oh...  I'm not part of that clique 
@tommcfly Awe, im sorry you broke your toe. IT BITES!  I love your music.
Me and the homie Kleo (the black kid with the hair from that movie &quot;Holes&quot;) are the only black people bowling with our party... Losing 
Scared to fall asleep 
How could I 4get shouts 2 @jeriel_armani for doing the interlude on @MTtheGreat Soundtrack to Greatness 6.2.09 (yall having fun 
Is Crying!!! 
@brendaleepinup Heartbreak? that doesn't sound good  chin up doll xo
And she went to sleep at 5.... Alarm went off at 6.... awsome. Final score, cranky baby 2 - Tired parents 0 
I just noticed how clear my face is becoming. Downside? Scars... 
Proud of all my seniors  I'm gunna miss you guys...some of you guys lol especially @paulawalla
Tempted to stay in the ortigas area to see her man, albeit briefly but I have to be in alabang for an event 
http://twitpic.com/662fp - And he decides to get a martini. Disappointing 
@socialcalamity Thin bangs will have holes  HAHA chillax kimmy, (almost) everywhere's having sale now.
@am_headlines - Same thing happened at www.TeacherComplaints.com and no one investigated it 
hates Home Icon... Regarding my network not available  http://plurk.com/p/wxhcy
Finally gave in  Weak.
That sounds sooo good! I had to have oatmeal for breakfast.  Boring!
Funeral ceremony...gloomy friday... 
Choked on her retainers 
Bitten to blood by my cat, on my way for a rabies bacterin. Seems 7 shots for 2 months. Never wash my cats at home again, they hate water 
@IamYeTe Waraku is tasteless and expensive! Portion is so little!!!!!  re: waraku
@LaFloozita http://twitpic.com/4phze - Awe! I miss my baby  
@taxidermi  I was watching Parental Control 
I can't believe the Metal Gear Solid song was stolen    I'm so disappointed  http://bit.ly/YKkSu
@MacZombieRawr  I wish I had Left 4 Dead. But first I'd need something to play it on...
@celldweller Must... have... new music... I won't sleep until you give us Chapter 1... I might die first though...  Hurry! 
Showered in ice-cold water. Sweating now. Means one thing: I'm sick 
@eCheers Random has an a 
Gutted that the bathroom still isn't free- early work isn't going to happen  . And I need the loo!
@colstewart You're cycling tho' that's good. Healthy eating  Healthy and eating are a contradiction in terms.
Just finished watching the series return of the Chasers War on Everything - really quite crap compared to how it used to be 
Not actually managed to purchase anything from the ovi store yet. Constant server error on check out 
Change my hairstyle,but it isn't good as it supposed to be N don't wealth that much money..  hate that hairdresser~~
Rest In Peace  ADaM 12 &amp; GLeNN EPPS.... Gone but never forgotten... what a week ...Loud in da air 4 ya 
@Kikirowr Downside though is that you're breaking the thread. 
There's a spider in my room. Save me... 
Disappointment really sucks!  I'm getting used to it.
Oh no.... Trouble in paradice 
Stuck in some shitty traffic! This day is going to be crap 
Ship. I'm stuck. 
still sick  @ Home http://loopt.us/iArPRg.t
I spent my free time over the last few days converting my server to 64bit, getting VT-x working etc just to get something to run. No Luck 
Getting ready for work and the sun is shining, plus it's the w/e! Bgt tonight..... what am I gonna do after it's finished?!   
Ill in bed my stomach is killing me 
Gone r the days wen we used to sit 4 exams.. no more exams, no more classes, no more bunking n no more fun..  
Devastated,set alarm for 9.30,forgot to turn 7.30 alarm off got up at 7.30 and showered thinking it was 9.30,I am a full fool 
Bacon Fail at Gulb... lack of chef 
I'm sooo lost without my car  This is truly depressing. Pregnant people should NEVER be this stressed out!
@niteskolar Now you only have 2 hours to sleep...  - Rest if you need it.
Went to the Athletics Carnival today! Tired, very tired! I hurt my back when I jumped for the second time on the High Jump! 
Awake at 4am..  can't sleep
What's worse than a fever and sore throat? Cancelling a trip to see your little bro because of a fever and sore throat. 
@kevincl Same here. But I am just going to browse SA until I get bored. 
Felt like crap, behaved like my son; ate to compensate. Pigged out on home-roasted sugar almonds. Painful tum, threw up, still feel sick. 
Else find this extremely unfair and unjust. The people spoke about the mmj laws 10 years ago here and yet our voices are still not heard. 
damjust finished watching Prison Break: the final break...omg i dont think i've cried so hard for a show..Finally understand the finale 
dam just finished watching Prison Break: the final break...omg i dont think i've cried so hard for a show..Finally understand the finale 
Wide awake and grouchy as fuck. 
@lucyburchell sorry we didn't get a chance to chat at #screengrab09. Caught glimpse of you across room but was dragged home prematurely 
@TVXQUKnow  I feel tired of my work  Cheer for me please~
Ahh I'm so confused  what can I do? I don't wanna run away but can I really handle a real relationship? What is love anyways.. False hope!
Google Adsense Income down by 6% in this months Payment, Indian Govt Happy for $ Falling, Publishers Sad 
I forget how much I miss my tribe til I have limited access to talking to them. Spotty internet in the country so I won't be here long. 
Stuck in office till 5. It's so warm outside 
I hope you come over today...its almost 8  Ill be leaving at 8:30 if you dont show up...I love you &amp; good morning.
Sighs, well I accidentally clicked back space on my mouse  
Strike one.    (Three and I'm out.)
@Policani The Northern Clemency.  But I don't recommend it.  Too much description and not enough action. Too slow 
Is Bored at Home 
Stuck in an office, red hot 
@SoundBwoyFast Gloomy as ever. I wanted to hit the beach too.  might as well get like you and handle my errands too lol
Locked out of my fucking house! 
http://twitpic.com/66nbd - Ready for our 3D Jonas Brothers Experience. Real Brothers, not included 
Worried about friend 
last day working for Tend 
You know that 'rule' that says always point the knife away from you? Just  learned my lesson on that one! Straight through my finger! 
Playing Monopoly Jr. with the lil one.. Cheating isn't as much fun when the other person has absolutely no idea 
Up. Showered. Struggling for the drive to get out the door. I'm gloomy. I miss my sway.  
Notion video deleted. 
Hey everyone  Bit of a hectic day for me, just back from the vets, @pradasmith has a bad infection &amp; is staying over the wkend 
Up early. Knee throbbing. Maker Faire 99% out now. Possibly Califur too. Same torn ligament as before I think. No insurance tho. 
Horrid dream. I suspect I will have to cancel my plans tonight... 
Going to the doctors now. Scared as shit. 
I've got no idea how to reach the birthday brunch location.. Roads around west Jkt? Clueless 
@voyd ya I heard 7 was a giant leap in the right direction. This is a work comp though  Ill enquire! 
I'm super hungry! Waiting for my biotch to feed me. 
Irritated that I can send emails but not receive them! 
Listening to the Legally Blonde musical soundtrack. Lamenting not going anymore. Perhaps I will buy a nosebleed seat and go alone. 
My Degree  [Tear] happy moment!  http://mypict.me/1ZpF
@AliceS1 hey, I can't make it to Makers tonight 
Lack of plans for tonight  Anyone going out?
Smart cars are the most worthless cars ever made. &amp; it makes me sad how many of them I see anymore. 
@lovessunflowers Oh no! Dead muffins ... how sad 
@CursedChimera; Re: Home - that's exactly what I meant... home in D-town. ;) Also, re: computer... uh... I brokt it... 
Jealousy makes u into a different person ... I freakin hate being this way  gotta suck it up I guess
The portuguese national library could use it also. Right now they seem to be stuck somewhere circa 1995. Example http://u.nu/7y68 
@webchickbot The portuguese national library could use it also. Right now they seem to be in a ca. 1995 web. Example http://u.nu/7y68 
Mourning Venus' Third Round Loss.... 
Worried for my cousin and her son 
Excited for today! But still so much to do 
Excited to see the girls today; @takinakab its boring at work without you 
Bloody exams next week 
@bitterpurl I don't even look at their fabric unless I need polar fleece.   It's worth the extra $ to go to Needle and Thread.
Downside to being on client site... no donut today. 
Quick answer, when do I put the bleach in the wash?? In the start or middle..  don't laugh @ me..
Worried sick now about my granddaughter. She's at Hasbro possibly needing to have her shunt revised which means another surgery.  
Shoot. Only 12 miles 
Epsilon Greater than Zero misses her Mommy.  http://apps.facebook.com/catbook/profile/view/5626035
@shelleymcarthur I was only @ Cambie just slightly before the event then had to leave  Waiting for feedback though; I'll keep u posted!
Nothing like waking up slow in the morning. Docs appt today. 
I don't do very good at funerals. Crying is way 2 contagious for me 
. @wickedblueglow he's in bed sick. Heavy fever. Went to dr's. Part of the reason i'm watching Aladdin 2 now and still haven't been fed 
Chinese Lunch Buffet: $4.50 - Add a soda $1.25 - Noticing the Health Inspection score of 81 as I walk out with my bag, Priceless ..... 
No gas PLUS no money = Desperation!!!   and that's the word of the day!  http://twitpic.com/66zls
I'm back!! Sudden wave of melancholy takes over. I miss the Shining Emblem 
is off to get the boy and then to his doc. Persistent coughs are not good.  http://plurk.com/p/x285t
Snap. Breaking out again 
Thinking about Con Law, fighting a headache, &amp; Paying bills... 
becoz of leg sprain nta ble to do proper wrkouts. Worried shud dis hapen wen i satrted dieting... 
http://survivingtheworld.net/Lesson5.html &lt;&lt; I chose the wrong career 
@MDHOLLA Sharing #ff with my twitter fam. I won't be on too much longer got a real busy day. I can't twitter from my phone 
#hollyoaks .... The curse of justin strikes again.... Date the burton and end up screwed  poor sod
@lordwow I'm still waiting for Separate Ways...  
Glued to the copier machine today. 
Bloody sunburned 
@mraeannon thank u!! I know I'll miss u too  Ill take pics as soon as I get there I need your email txt it to me or something
Oh, fuck me. I've just returned from the Supermarket Of Doom to find that I have nothing to drink here. 
@alyseegs nope. Gone. 
Long day at office again. Tiring week 
Should have left car and walked home! I might need someone to rescue me with petrol! Light flashing 
Where's my Happiness? 
Powerdvd doesn't want to play my Pushing Daisies dvd. I only want screenies to make icons with! Copy protection gone bonkers? 
Spilled chocolate milk in my car 
I definitely missed listening to The Spill Canvas, I miss seeing them live as well  &quot;Now I'm in stitches ooooover you and oooover you, oh&quot;
tomorrow He'll gone to new home...I was Born single(our little puppy of basset hound) 
I started X-Slimmer at eight this morning, it's still going  I hate that it always want's my friggin password.
On my deck... Perfect weather today! Not feeling good tho... 
Wow seems like a lifetime since I been in here........never change to talktalk! Home phone n broadband not been workin 4 ova a week now 
I'm home, Yay! Unpacked everything, now just got to wash it all 
Stuck in traffic on the 91 on the way to costa mesa 
...return my joy cos I'm so  Tired, tired of me Inspire the weary eyed to see the Ire and Irony... 
@johnhayato I love Overnight. And they've worked with me on printing/shipping issues.  sorry it didn't work out for you.
@pauljchambers Spending a weekend doing nothing but being domestic ? You said it! 
(cont.) Small children are not puppies. And cleche sarcasm is so annoying. Bcreative, but then again, that's too harrd 
Freaking #2 horse crushed my dreams!  Tear.....
House Hunting was a PAIN! House Shifting is a SUPER PAIN!! Packing never seems to end  I can't even Imagine Unpacking :-P
@lizacosta Agreed...this time of the year we should change the motto to &quot;The Soggy State&quot;...my backyard looks like a swimming pool 
Working.  I can't wait till 4:30. Funeral on monday. 
@MissLaura317 Aww internet  But yeah .. he did say he wanted applause after every take he did. Careful what you ask for lol. AHH *twitch*
@rdmagnum guess Ill drive it back nine hours 
SEe waT I Mean bOuT FoLL0w fRiiDaYs... It'S cALLed LoSe f0LloWeRs FridAy... smH 
Jamies Free Views Dead 
@VANS_66 I haven't had slip-ons in years, since my checkered days. Matter of fact I only have my torn up all black classics. 
A sweltering afternoon no wonder the creepy, slithering snakes are heading to the creek. The nasty things can swim! Frightening detail! 
Stuck at work! Stuck at work! I'm hungry. 
have no line bi-focals for over 3 yrs now. End up taking glasses off to read close up. 
@TreeinCally  He's got adjusting his mate's online shop... Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz... Boring... 
Same old customer service team member 
@JRobertsTWC: Help Jen I had a Monster Energy Drink and now I'm crashing.  
Annoyed 
Change of plans... I have nothing to do tonight  What are you doing?!
My apologies for the very impersonal #FF. Swamped today  All great people and great follows though. You can't go wrong with those folks!
Burned my pinky.  great way to start my weekend thats gonna suck anyway.  
ItS fRiDaY... I cAn'T wAiT tO bE dOnE wItH wOrK!!! Stuck here till 11 
 everyones just set to &quot;Away&quot; on msn.. nobody to talk to :\
@MissKibbles Thanks, thought that may have been the case  chap here doing awful job of Addicted on BGTalent.....
Dead gerbil 
So aparently my Out of Sight album sampler cd only has the video on it 
@PerezHilton  that's sad. Trauma... Future serial killer...
Left windows down a bit. Seats got pretty yet 
@bellware not an easy place for me to access   Task-based ux is something I've been thinking about. I'd like to hear the criticisms.
Soaked in the rain in 30 seconds and I wasn't even hiking 8.4 miles with 2.5 miles in the rain like last weekend. 
Awe i feel so left out 
Awake again , I give up , I'm going to ready for today 
Ugh... Waiting.... Interminable... 
@Shamoneyy I wish my mouth wud lemme chew all tht.. Pause...I def wud love some of that.. 
Watching Ripley's Believe it or Not while eating=bad choice 
I'm craving something salty in my mouth!  Tired of pretzels tho. 
Annoyed  greg diddnt go through  i guess well done holly
Cause these stupid people dont have my phone and my tummy herts 
Problem with my must do list is: once I write it I usually forget where I've placed it...1st thing on my to do list--find my to do list 
SB 239K.  Flop A Q 9.  4 players check. Turn 9. I check call 200 bet. River brick. I check call with trip 9's with K kick. He shows A9. 
Computer pissing me off. 4 gig ram 2.5ghz Dual core and vista freezes...fuck you microsoft...i want win 7 
Who builds a hotel without air-con? Bloody boiling in here... 
@DanielFielding Same! And big moths and wasps and just insects in general HAHA I hate them 
Strange there is a 99 char limit to tweets on ustream   (GeoGeekTV live &gt; http://ustre.am/2TOa)
Strained a muscle in my lower back today. &amp;*#&amp; it hurts! What hurts most is .. no running this weekend. 
I want another shake from Ritas.Badly. 
@dvautier Burst my bubble! 
I can't fucking concentrate with this damn heat!  Cooler is so not doing it's job.  
@xirclebox Problem is I have to get it done this weekend one way or another. 
Awe. were going to meijer. not walmart. walmarts better. 
I can't figure out the empire puzzle.  Stuck at 36 
@enthropologie It didn't rain.  Lightly misted though.
Ratings Army Wives  teary; Criminal Minds Yikes! Criminal Intent takes all sorts. real life news  horrifying ok me for bed nite all
Stuck in awful traffic in the way to the wedding. Ceremony is supposed to start now. Ughhh. 
It's so hard to keep up with everything! There's the whole coldplaying, twitter, facebook and not to talk about real life... Impossible. 
@boriqua206 Cause I'm not hearing from you guys!!! 
@montiAsutton I wish I could really do that  I love having u around! Ill see what I can do.. ;) try to use that national champ pull lol
Longest trackk meet everrr 
my 43 quid lastminute.com Secret hotel at heathrow is surprisingly nice. No soap tho 
Is cold  Mind you I have been sat outside for 30 mins waiting for a lift. I don't care how much of a balearic evening it might be!!!
Low profile tires suck! They won't have my size in until monday 
Change of plans, working inside bar tonight 
I am the queen of losing things. Important things like keycards and bus passes. 
Scared  waiting for the call
@fiddlecub Guessing that's a question to everyone. I'm struggling to finish my last university assignment before I can start my summer 
Puzzled by people's mood swings... it makes me somewhat sad that I can't pinpoint  how  they feel 
WIDE awake, scoffed 3/4's of a pizza and feel like a sumo  such a weak day! Run tomorrow
@depravedDyer @YarnHarlot Sending you both TONS of thankful love for Sock Summit. I can't believe the utter crap that some people spew. 
Awe...man...i missed registration 4 #flashcamp 
@wowshaggy ooft what pub? I'm off 2moro, but I have a backlog of what people call work to finish. Doubt I'll do it 
Bloody intrusive thoughts. I'm really going to bed now 
Unanticipated thunderstorm quashed camping trip 
@marialuvsu i guess ill never have it  but the sad thing is that u didn't put an Alternate e-mail!! cause if u dont remember ur secret
@DonMcAllister very long by the sounds of things... But deadlines are Deadlines... 
It is Gloomy outside. It is making me sad  I miss the sun and its happiness!!
Excuse me ms.gomez who said you could leave 
Power Outage, door to freezer propped open, 3G ice cream make for slippy floor  M-er F-er!!
Caught in a herd of somalions 
driving past Tattered Cover w/o stopping  promising myself to make time next week.
Exhausted after a 58 hour work week   
I want Crimson Gem Saga.  I will just go play RF Guerilla demo repeatedly. I (Mission Failed - YOU DIED) so many times from dicking around
Killer headache  I want my food to be here!
Ugh! Plane delayed due to weather!  Stuck with another hour to kill.  http://twitpic.com/67xs0
Last Heroes ep until Sept  Sick &amp; drugged for past 3 days. Dr says lacking in everything, esp -get this- SUNSHINE.
@BonjourHoney Guilt trips, feeling sick, pressure. stress and too much drama 
@rdougan I wish I was! well, for the past hour I have been. But before that I was in bed. Proper migraine! 
Lack of sleep leads to major head ach 
@chopperdave12 i think im just going to wind up going Home and go to bed   
@absolutsilver I hear you sister!!    Same here.
Forced to eat red hotdogs coz I'm starving and there's nothing else for breakfast. Ick. 
@DanaDazed Problem is, I changed it to Spoinkerz but I want it to be Spoinkerz69 but it said it was taken, so I guess I fail 
Stuck in cleveland for the night 
Hey girl! U been neglecting us  @moephilly its cool tho.. Cause this ish is addictive..
Arg, my personal library is bursting off the shelves! I'm going to have to completely rearrange it Real Soon. 
Re-do of star trek, my treat bs I have to repair roof tm. 
At deee movies. Didnt get to see my boy tonight..  probably will tomorrow though. Excited.
Stuck in traffic on the 5 
I miss my grandma  n I never ever spent any time with her...I was too young...);Tear ;(
Thinks that the weather's killing her. Full fan out today, then project at night &amp; tomorrow. Zzz  - http://tweet.sg
False alarm, folks. The pain is real, but apparently the contractions are not. 
my twitter is dead where did everybody go  @T_Smiles where are youuuuu
Rate limit exceeded?  no! &gt;.&lt;
Awe its raining. I need someone to kiss in the pain. 
Dislocated and sprained the thumb on my dominant hand. 
I'm so sad! Crying a lot! 
Text me baaaack.  -watches Walk the Line-
@Divvies Found your kettle corn today at Whole Foods.  I'm allergic to P.nuts and tree nuts, but had to put it back when I saw soy listed 
@ShabbyGomer Sadly, I'm not even 100% sure we're going  Friend's car has been acting up lately.
@makcity Same here 
@dda Intimate indeed  I guess numbers can always be built up #erlang.
noooooooooo the Notion vid is gone    not the way to close #follwillfriday
Cleaning.. Showing the house tomorrow 
@lionkingqueen Deprived childhood, I never got to be a kid. 
Viral fever + infection. 
After 2.5 hours of trying to get a hold of Unemployment Services, I got thru only to find out they will send me an email to answer me. 
@designsojourn True! so true! I can't see how anyone can get by in design without it, but I see many try 
Is Emotional..... 
Latest news: Why do i feel so crappy?  - Long Term TTC &amp; Assisted Conception ... http://bit.ly/Mn2qv
It was working before, but now doen't want to see anything uploaded    Deleted, or so thought, but nothing shows except for file name only
Stuck again on a friday night not sure what to do  drove to lees summit cause they have later movie showings but now im not sure if im ...
Wishes his GM wasn't going on Vacation, may miss something of #xboxe3 
Trapped in the casa with a mild migraine with is really just sinus pressure, a sore throat, a nasty cough, and a reinjured leg 
I really wish i had someone right now. Fighting with my fam..I hate being alone 
Just checked weather report for morning.15 -18 mph winds! Yikes! 50-53 degrees. Perfect except for wind. 
@quartermane Wait, u got tix to see No Doubt tomorrow??! That's SO awesome! I was tryiing to get them so bad this week, but it's sold out 
I haven't been to a Toys R Us in like four years 
http://twitpic.com/68e9c  @theswener. Empty beer at #beerfriday.
@chloe1107 When that happens im going to cry my eyes out, Happiness and sadness.... 
Man, getting old sucks.  Recovery is a lot slower as you age....  
Annoyed that I can't seem to draw anymore 
@jryan9307 Cause they guy just poped out.  Haha. I am such a baby.
@DJQUICKSILVA Quick the game is pretty sad tonight.  Lakers 114, Nuggets 90.  Nuggets just aren't following thru...giving up early 
Date night has been moved. 
Wow I feel rejection, no one wants to go to the Counter with me 
Oh no! I didn't check-in online early enough &amp; we're stuck @ the back of the plane. Near the loos &amp; far from exits. Too, too scary!!  
Food Poisoning...not a good thing   Feeling better, though weak...and hungry! Just in time for the weekend !!!
@bargainhntngmom Awe..snow days 
Typo fail tweet again  I'm good at doing that.
Chilling @ wakeup geoff's new mansion. Beautiful place!! Bout to do sat shopping sess. Yay 
@sigmamakeup I pre-ordered about a month ago n I never got the e-mail for the Complete face n eyes kit  ..i was so excited about it too..
@Addicted2DEW I have this odd condition with not feeling pain in mouth and face nerves. So no pain but can't catch bad things happening 
Just finished playing Mahjong. I am so bad at it. Actually, I can sometimes beat my mum but my sisters cheat.  Haha.  Excited 4 the dance.
Silent Hill is creppy. It's gives me the thrills. Scared. 
@bazerman Word. Cut out two of the best characters, gave more lines to the worst ones, and over-acted the rest. wtf, I like season one 
30 minutes searching through bag --&gt; Left contacts case at home. 
@CarolinaMama Serious. I went to there website and put a few dates in...nothing.  Then I flipped through the calendar and it was all out. 
I wish I could do a Free Hugs campaign. But from what I hear, it's illegal here. 
@Real_DavidCook I hope you don't take offense by this, but I don't think this is really you.  
That's me off to work. More serving of Alcohol and The Thirsty Camel in Eaglehawk. Hate 8-hour Shifts! 
@bigpix2000 hear hear (wish I could retweet that!  #140charfail) // Confession: sometimes I try to get down to exact 0. For instance, now.
Exhausted. in need of sleep. 
@dantelewis yeah im good. Tired and not lookin forward to workin this whole weekend. 
Awe MAN!!!  Attack of the show is not on tonight.  
@thecandystriper A Bigger cup... that cup was big... really big... I dont think it comes bigger... it was like 3 cups of tea in one... 
is tweeting because apparently it bothers some people when I don't. Boring weekend ahead  and I'm poor! lol
@dannygokey  thats no good. Mind telling us the airline so we are sure to not use it?!
Watched Law &amp; Order: Criminal Intent, Season 2 episode 20 earlier today. 'twas interesting :O sad ending 
Drunk and want to leave. Why is driving under the influence so frowned upon? 
Panic attacks are painful for me, my chest hurts 
@CoffeeBoss Awe...I've been crying all day, seriously 
Ballgame was fun, but angels lost 
The other house was sold  now waiting til half four to see a house around the corner. Bit expensive but we'll have to see wat its like
Awake. I'm hot already! Lookalike itsgonna be a busy lonely day at Currys. 
@mileycyrus Why are you feeling  ? Cheer up!
Watching jay leno. Last episode he hosts of the tonight show  wow. 17 years. End of an era
Just got an email from the Target on Story rd. They're not hiring me. 
Awe yestersay was the 2nd anniversary of my grandpas death  i misd him so much
Quick visit to porvoo, afternoon it is just coding and beer indoors 
Wide awake now. But still bored 
Forced smile. Forced appetite. Forced life. 
Going to bed. Alone  when will there ever be a day I don't have to work!?
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/5ut6j - Heart Touching... 
@cynicalvillain  I feel sick.. But Ill be ok....You?
Return of the monster that is the blister on my foot. It hurts awfully bad  cheer me up?
Really want to go see Children Collide I wish my friends liked them 
really want to go to Meet in the Middle tomorrow but have more yardwork to do at the house and don't think i'm up for it. 
@Addicted2DEW it's a nerve prob I got long ago which I don't feel pain like normal ppl but when I do drugs don't work like they should 
@Itxi_Itx I know what that feels like. Mind working in overdriving - unable to wind down 
@disavian For flight: Crosswords, Brain Age, Mystery Case Files &amp; Elite Beat Agents. Haven't gotten any new games for DS Lite in awhile 
At my boo's going away party. Far more than a coworker, really don't know what ill do without him. 
@TheProphetBlog  hey i found this new vid of adonis speakin on rihanna's new alb. Same direction as last  http://tinyurl.com/njpmxr
@ravezzy I miss having a boo too..  everybody be boo'd up sept for me.. Single is not the way to go..
Awake stoopidly early - can't sleep again 
@frannywalk awww   get well soon!!! Remembering when u first got sick when we were freshmen, I told your mom on the fone I got chu...
Re-pinging @neoncat: @kay_rose I didn't eat at all 2 day &gt;.&lt; and I didn't eat diner yesterday I'm not hungry D: and idk why  &lt;&gt; me too man
Watching Head Above Water. Glass of wine. Alone 
Gutted than mr alan is no longer with us 
My head is just killing me. Handful of pills and still no relief. 
Regret to say that I haven't started on my work. 
Considering retiring from SWAT after reading bungie.net this morning; 6 wins in my last 30 games!??!?! 6!!!!! Single figure. Out of 30. 
My sad chip stack.... Hard to really call it a stack  http://yfrog.com/0e5h6j
It sucks to know that one day we will leave this world the same way we were brought in it. Alone and with nothing 
wathcing the final few episodes of Prison break.....sadly i know the end already 
Just noticed a missed called on my phone from 3:10 this morning  Worried it may be the restaurant, so quickly dressed and on my way
@jayh0 I accidentally wrote on ur side for tommy's yearbook. I'm so sorry. Complete accident 
will be playing on Full Tilt under the nick FireFiend very soon in the Aussie Freeroll. yes I'm broke again  lol
Awake again due to the nightmares i've been having for the past 4 nights in a row. Some of the worst too 
@misslauradora  Cheer up buddy.
Wide awake, I can't sleep for shit lately 
Away for a shower to get ready for work 
Stuck at tgi Fridays cause the waitress forgot about us. 
I'm so sleepy.. but I'm afraid to turn the lights off  hate insects!!  Die creepers!
really needs to stop staying up so late watching Prison Break but its hard, such a great show, to bad its over 
It is on at Truth Seekers right now... @BuddhaSupreme not feelin 100% though...  
Caught a powernap of about 20 mins, now to LGA I go 
@cyberprince Gloomy is right. 
@Certifiedhtchic Wide awake 
Desperately trying to focus - but how can u concentrate on #work in the #hospital? Deadline looms - disinterest blooms - oh how it glooms 
@AprGrad2004 - second that. Recovering from being sick stinks. 
Queue at barbers, 4th in line, half an hour just became an hour 
Homesick and missing my sonny bun already  ughz
argh, I am full of snot.  Unpleasant.
Hiccups 
@UrbanRelations but I don't have 1 2 hold close  so I'm just on the look out 4 my ladies!!!DL is real!!!! Wrap it up!!!!!!!!
Finished &quot;Loot&quot; bags for party  Wish you could come my guitar role model 
Awake since 3 am.  
Bloody iphone is broken.......... Not a good start to the day 
@dcorsetto If I could afford it (plus shipping), I'd totally buy them too  Low hungarian wages and weak currency ftl.
just finished reading Before I Die. bless your soul tessa, see you on the other side 
They Always Ruin It, 
@leonspencer Bottled water, soda, milk, plastic wrap, tin can linings..you name it.  Soft plastic is most likely to have it than hard.
Stuck on a train to the seaside. There's a tree on the tracks 
#myweakness Procrastination - I know it's bad but I do it anyway 
@dollyblowflake I'm gonna miss the greatest ever bikini bbq! Gutted! 
@AliceWonderlnd rotfl... Attention Whore Syndrome. About half the people in Florida have that. Such a sad thing 
At home working on my oral  and I have work tomorrow .. Depressing weekend? I think so!
Exhausted as hell. I feel so depressed... 
Just posted yesterday's daily blog: Former Friends --&gt; Enemy  - http://bit.ly/cKREI
Left this morning thinking we were just going to run a few errands &amp; we are still not home 
@crochetgal That's too bad    Pattern :  http://bit.ly/rkkV7
It's tex-mex cuisine today, but we are missing one of our happy bunch    Save yourself for when I'm cooking baby, just imagine!!
@gpainterbristol @hellogareth I think Flawless &amp; Diversity will split the votes as both are brilliant but neither will win 
Perfect spot got jacked!! Sleeping by the speakers 
Watching the last few episodes of Prison Break   Cnt believe its over
@mooseharris  bad one!... all ok hopefully?  Nod here, birthday treats.. hope your anniversary gets better!!
Awake at 6 in the morning on a saturday. Why 
..just watched High School Musical on Jetix!!  i almost learn 2 play A Little Bit Longer but i can't find whole notes 
DAAAAAAANG! Missed the fireworks. Hearing it right now. 
Burned with the guys at digs.. Feeling yucky still.. 
Worked 9 hours today  another 9 tomorrow.  Out ate Jordan by eating Xtra Hot, triple coated. Its safe to say my mouth was on fire! LOL
Awake again and feel worse than i did at 0830 when i dropped the car off for a service! Until i have to collect it and pay 
Stuck in trafic, accident ,this will take a while 
Dead after seat racing in rowing 
aaargh its raining again....watching Cruel Intentions 2...its nothing special..  ..xoxo
@redoxkun KMS is not going to be included in Karmic 
wished my heart knew better  Whats clear in my mind my heart refuses to see and slowly its killing me. Truth is to you, I'm nothing
Random ass allergies due to the show tonight 
Everyday i get more clumsy  pffft!!
Awake at 7:00 am  fml
Popped out for a drive with my son in the Fury R1. Indicators failed  had to drive like a BMW driver. Turned out to be a blown fuse.
@snedwan She's so cute.Proud daddy ! I'm ok,i have to study all day for an exam I have tomorrow  and i'm cold,the sun went off 
I do not like this soy sauce, very disappointing. Completely ruined my noodles 
Wide awake for no reason. 
Gone are the days of paddling pools in this weather 
Done French past paper. Used the mark scheme a lot because there were lots of words I didn't know  Starting on more revision after lunch.
Awake- ugh I never get to sleep in anymore  work 9-5
@MisterJLee I'm supposed to be at work already. We will see how long I last. Waiting tables at my roommates moms restaurant today.  tired
lastnight was so good! miss The Blackout already 
@tamzinaki The sun and I have a difficult relationship. Remembering back to the days when just tanned 
Kind of lame. Error upload pics at fb 
Forced to lie down on couch and relax....as everytime I start walking I start bleeding...... And its beautiful outside 
nicholas' new album is entitled &quot;The moment of Silence&quot;, makes me wonder if he already found a partner 
Awake way too early. I want to go back to sleep 
Stuck in frickin stand still traffic on the motorway, just wana get to the airporrrrrrt godammit!!!!!!!!!! 
http://twitpic.com/694m8 - Count down. 
Fresh blueberry pancakes $6, crispy maple bacon $5, fresh iced suntea $3; discovering ur kids don't like blueberry pancakes... Priceless 
At the office on a sat  ... But jammin to Reasonable Doubt on the iPod... forgot how good that album was  ... CAN I LIVE!!!
About 3ish hours till eye appointment thingy... I'm Excited to get new &quot;looking far&quot; glasses! [current ones are broken  ]
Fortifying myself with coconut-cherry scone &amp; vanilla chai before taking on the jungle that is my side yard. Neglected it for 2 years. 
Just had cookies and tea! Huge ulcer in my mouth. 
Cao Cao flew away  i nw feel like a mother whose wilful child spends d nite outside. Is he hungry? Cold? Thirsty? Comfortable? Safe?
Taking Scootch to the vet later this morning.  Worried about my fuzzy furball.
@DHughesy Home... 
Brave decision by #lions to try to go for 7 instead of 3 --but maybe foolhardy in retrospect 
My Holidays are so monotonous widout my gang !!  Waiting for T20 WC to begin
Watching Final Break, yep i hope it would be good, i'll miss prison break 
Ack! I woke up late. But... I was sleeping soooo good. Worried about my baby. She had a better night, but coughed a lot. 
Adulthood and me are not on speaking terms today. 
Killer heels killed me shoes, darn. Facing ultimate fashion injury! 
Brain Games...is now...over. 
Off to work today   Double weekend this week that I planned before @nkotb changed the show date.  The things I do for them...
hmm it comes so Quick so i cant record it 
On the way home. Tired. I don't wanna babysit 
500million people watching fa cup final and no one knew the words to the anthem. Disappointing 
Bailed on Alcatraz crossing.  And no, the purple toe was not the reason.    #fb
Youthful energy?   (That was then, this is now, Things Change!)  
Slight hangover...but more pressing: my allergies have me snotting every 3 minutes..  What to do with my lovely saturday...?
@Ohsotragical Random people always watching 
Three tries gone begging for the Lions. Handling.....   #Lions
NOW I'm drifting off. Brilliant. 
@kimfalls14 not sure if you're a leno fan but last night was his last time hosting the tonight show. Tear 
Made tablet to a recipe found by @itsDice. Epic fail 
Dare i say it...but good header by the drog to make it 1 all  come on everton! #football #facup
@DHughesy Home 
Ugh. Lines at dunkin donuts. 
@sovietkiki Trouble is, unless you have a piece of paper that says 'Look, I told you I can do this already' they don't believe you 
 bad day 2day. Broken glasses  rainy weather  uof
@klapklap *pokes* Insecure about whut? 
@katyperry Same here this sucks!!  I don't look like a question mark!!
i have 900min. i dont think i went over  i didnt make Long Distant calls to GUAM.. i hate Verizon now.. hidden fees i bet.
@Jennifalconer Gutted, been invited to a bbq, gonna miss the final bgt   You think it's rude to ask them to put the tv outside?
Stuck revising when should be out in the sun 
trying to do my tax return! Ahh! Stressful 
Better than yesterday but still not good enough. Stickers will have to wait til tomorrow 
Feeding Pol Bear &amp; Putting him down for a nap. He is teething 
Fell asleep. Missed Banana Split. Err. Still not feeling better. 
Awe @diannabee is sad  I miss you too sister!
Beautiful day to do ......laundry !????  no beuno
@BadSuperhero Arghh Numbers.  the score is btw 1-1
I can't make it to Meet in the Middle in Fresno today 	#MITM4E
Woolworths is now B&amp;M Bargains, and not a HMV as promised.  Makes Home Bargains seem posh in comparison.
Re-pinging @MsQueenn: @FrEsHpRiNcEoFbMoRE s t f u ??  that's how you feel now baby 
Left my earphones in the car  will have to make a trip to my car on my break
overslept for the third day in a row- sinus infection is kickin' my butt. Missed CKC yesterday b/c car broke down   going today instead.
Beautiful day. Girls are going to a b- day party.  I'm going to work.  
second field trip to the African savanna.  Beautiful landscape, lots of zebra, wildabeast.. but no cucurbits samples 
@nousernameknown Share with me? I'm hungry. 
Home alone...want to play, but have to clean. 
I didn't break it .. Promise. A raccoon came in... 
Gutted - have had to retire from the hen do after only 6 hours, with nothing but 6 bottles of antibiotics to keep me company! 
@yapha How much do you love me?  Not a lot of ARCs  but I did get you Catching Fire &amp; a mockingjay pin!  Where should I send them?
@percentvol: Re winds of change, I am in that very bar now. But they seemed to have changed their music system 
Spoke too soon. It's raining *again*. 
@MiqueasLopez U aint never lied..Money enables the playdom to go down! Hard to play when ur pockets are empty.  
@sanjive01 Unfortunately I had absolutely no choice  I HAD to go for you. Harsh 
Team has left the Twin Cities but stuck in traffic on 35W 
Bummed...boyfriends off to Rome for three weeks without me 
Problem is: i can broadcast but i can't see ur questions 
Wife's minivan run flat tire is flat  Insane how much the cost plus you have to do them in sets it seems, sigh
Home and missing the b&amp;b already. 
@SenJohnMcCain Sen McCain, that is the most Ludicrous Statement I have heard from u, Is that what happens when u get beat, u talk crazy? 
&quot;Empty spaces, fill me up with holes...incomplete!&quot; 
Just finished paper from thesis on Geocaching in time for 1/6 deadline. I hate journals that don't support endnote refs! Done em by hand 
***Sinuses SUCK*** I feel like crap.... Forced to stay in on this beautiful day!!!  Booooooo!
http://twitpic.com/69jkd - At the vet. Muzzle = anxiety. 
@slavedogfang Sounds great. Always wanted to play with Master Stigma for a week but he turned me down  Are you on Recon?
Heat 4 already for the pro's! Disappointed that O'neill kept his top on, and wasn't greatly impressed with his set 
@fakekarlrove  Mean head!
Snapped my hairband  it's like I've lost my identity!! Haha
Gloomy today. Why do I have constant migraines? 
Burned herself again. 
Stuck outside Cambridge all weekend supporting one of our customers.   Family called - having a day out without me 
Bloody crapms, glad i left shoot early  atleast my hats turned up in time unlike the shoes.
@akinodorama Same here. I know how it sucks that people actually don't appreciate your service. Mans, service industry is not an easy one 
#myweakness Goodbyes 
Up late, with no bed as someones in it  Tired az.
Annoyed 
Upon inspection after arriving home, sunburn is very bad!  Covered in Sudocrem
Smoking! Smoking! Smoking! Plz People.. Quit Smoking! 
??????? ???????? ???????? ?????? The Outer Limits, ?? ??? ????????? ??????, ? ??????? ????????? ????? ??? 
Warped rotors that can't be cut anymore. Excellent way to spend $300 
@dyaruv no burn intended  *Applies soothing balm* mmmsoothing...
Just watched &quot;Disaster Movie&quot;.... Soooooooooo much bullsh*t...  
Beautiful day to be on the lake! Or driving across the state 
Scared to be addicted to it! 
Single again 
Stuck in traffic on my way to a kickball game 
@FizzyladyRX8 is What Would Alfie Kohn do? author of Unconditional Parenting. Nowt to do with the bairn being away, but yeah that's sad 
The Thunderbird may be Gone in a few hours 
Washin dishes 
@JonboyEP I well want to go.  Gutted  hope you are enjoying the sunshine jonboy xxx
- the family is here helping me move now. Hostility is in the air... text me, 254-247-5319 
@miss_bushido @puina Same here, but had no luck with The Zoo Gang.  
@ArsenalSarah I'll be out there tomorrow! Catching up on indoor stuff today! 
Had me tea now... just stuck #BGT on... missed Flawless so very  now... still Flawless to win for me!
Sore throat  Watching Scripps Nat'l  Spelling Bee replay in ESPN.
@zack_addy Cause I got it that I haven't  truthful friends   and I was crying long time (lol)
Beautiful day! But my allergies are making it uncomfortable.   
@JennRuss Spouse getting laid off? That's got to sting pretty badly  This may help your family out - helped me! http://snipurl.com/i5q0h
wants to see Flawless' act.. I missed it  #flawless #bgt
@jdoggchief True, but I'd like to go home as well.  I miss my family. 
Ahh.. Friend just said he cant make it to the park meeting because he haves to go out of town with his mom.. ahhh. 
Awe! I wish i could bring food to joes work but only too bad i'm at work as well! 
Overwhelmed with homework this weekend 
made some delicious cookie dough, but has no skill at baking  Trial and error time.
#BGT def won't vote this year... Gutted 2nite ain't the family event it used 2 be in our house... I'm the only 1 watching 
B-b-b-bored. No one to hang out with  Play tonight though! see you there?
@cambridgegirl I dont eat sausage rolls.. Ill have to find some foofie meal ill get my ass kicked over.. like salad 
@CapeTown .. yeah,  terrible about the whales.. but 'humane' kill after much suffering. Empathy for would-be-rescuers who tried so hard!  
nawwww, ES Common Dreads appreciation group has to be deleted on the Facebookz 
Going into work. Grateful!! BUT today is too pretty outside 
Defeat hurts 
122 new high score on Flight Control. Things were crazy but somehow I was able to keep control. Lost focus, though. 
My bb says: Low battery&quot; 
Stuck on the 202 traffic due to lane closures... 
Off to work in my Dior shirt. Reading Dostoevsky on the plane. I will miss everyone.  Ill miss you!
I wanna go back to sleep, but I gotta get ready for a baby shower huuuuuh!!!! Small kine hanging tooo 
@emma_mariek I know!  I think they're better than Flawless   I liked them both an all.
about to watch Cold Case... hm, starting to feel a bit sad 
@boxspring True, but it still is the major suck, and not in a good way 
Raid's canceled tonight, sad face 
@mwclarkson Just saw sax guy - brill! Gutted that I missed the rest 
wow 5:17am sunday: bad assed mood and off to work 2 words Epic.Fail 
Annoyed. And I don't feel good. I feel like crap. 
@Jantunstill trouble is, Diversity and Flawless will split the vote, so think it will affect either winning 
Alone all day.... 
@Chanosky True that!! I've been there too. 
Urgent care with a sick munchkin.. No fun 
If anyone wants to bring me lunch I would love you forever. Healthy Choice is not so good. 
Wild waves !!!! Nothing like Raging waters !!!! Or six flags !!!  LOL
Jammed neck... so apparently no weights tonight   *cries*
Beautiful day out but in pain 
@AdubbFFamous mannn I never knew that shit! Same here  ima just a Range!
Blahhhh such a lame day. Stuck inside 
Stuck at work... On a fucken week end!  
@josepicardo just followed link from your tweet and site won't open  Getting message  'Bad Request (Invalid Hostname)'
Exhausted. 
Cause I'm just that fucking stupid. 
Beautiful day outside and i'm missing it 
Factor 5000 it is tomorrow. Oh I've learnt my lesson  http://mypict.me/276Z
@RadioWayne Sticker shock for pharms, that's rough 
Showered and getting ready for work.  fail.
Getting ready to go to a 5-year-old's birthday party. Depressing because it makes me feel really old lol 
Nearly Got Decked By A Suicidal Spider  !
Longest journey home ever! Why does every road we need happen to be closed?! I want my bed 
man, I am SO CLOSE to beating Reverse/Rebirth and then David gets home.  Woe.
@Kbaity: alil bit  still wish it didnt happen !!!* Destined.4.Greatness *!!!
Woman sitting opposite me is the messiest eater in the world. It's just a burger but it's all over her fingers and round her mouth. Foul 
Forgot my Toll Tag. Going to be late to the #dfwwp meetup. 
@kellbell68: &quot;Listening to The Offspring -Self Esteem .. always makes me smile!&quot;it's skipping  ? http://blip.fm/~7c50x
Home alone...bored and lonely  eeeck!
Change of plans...will be workin just one mo hour. 
Random huricane force winds and rain make a walk imposable 
Yarlet is feeling very empty now  Only a couple of people left... Foreshadowing of the summer to come?
Random hurricane force winds and rain make walks impossible 
@BarryHarveyUK yeah I don't doubt it mate. Disappointing fact 
Urine is so interesting... Body fluid's test on urine is on monday another weekend studying 
I realized that I was cooking something... now its charred   Charred food anyone?
Home again... 
Relaxing at home/ listening to ChesterFrench.. Debating if I should hit the gym in a bit 
It's true though innit.  Fit women only come out when the sun shines.  xx
just balled my eyes out.. saw &quot;The Notebook&quot; for the first time. 
@regua Awe damn, I was the next person to tweet it which was what I was hoping for but I just realized you don't follow me 
@USACarry by chance do you have a picture source of the squirrel wrapped in Old Glory? MSNBC doesn't show one on their sight 
@viviannvicious @MoostacheVannie Fast food is yucky all the time! I can't eat it anymore. 
I've decided its too lonely in the burbs   Beautiful day outside and no one to play with!! Part time Yaletown condo must be contemplated..
Night all. I'm up early. Bloody working 
going to take a walk to Shoppers and get some more Birth Control pills, lightbulbs, padlock, &amp; toilet bowl cleaner. yay cleaning 
@isacullen Don't leave me  I'm all alone [apart from two sleeping toddlers] in a dark empty house. I might get flashbacks of The Strangers
Bgt is officially over  how will i get my ant and dec fix now?!
Starved and waiting for the game to start. I hope I don't throw up 
Trip may be cancelled. Mechanical problems. 
Emily Strange is huge here. So much stuff I haven't seen before, very tempted to buy a bunch but the conversion is no good 
has been dumped......her and her kids and without being told about it from the man himself! Left for a game of golf never to return!! 
@kristanmarie yeah let me know the cost. Cost is everythig now 
@carrmah wow, way to hurt my feelings   Sort of unnecessary?
under the weather  Tired. I am just not feeling it today... ATL next weekend 
@otterale Marvelous! I should like that! Bloody evil evening, too 
@silvermink : Re  soliciting fursuit sex : oh shit.  I agree. This will not end well. This is all we need.
No Blondie Blasting Viewing for me this weekend...  
dude.. my turntable isn't keeping time. What the fuck is wrong with it?  Fast slow Fast Slow Fast Slow I'm so fucking upset.
Apart from that, was a great night and I'm really gonna miss all you guys from drama . Nostalgic about past 2 years of drama now 
What a great night...not  Bloody family, what's the point
Mixed Feelings, I guess I really don't know what to do 
Cause it rains in your bedroom everything is wrong it rains when your here and it rains when your gone cuz I was there when u said F&amp;A&lt;3 
The good news? Eating at my favorite restaurant  The bad news? The menu   http://bit.ly/QeHjj  Extended bolus here I come! #diabetes
Dammit Fatal Frame ain't coming to Europe 
Traffic, done. Beautiful day, done  how can it be so gloomy just 45 minutes away?????
Beautiful sunshiny day suddenly turned nasty..high winds, thunder, lightning, heavy rain. Hunkered down for the night. I want my blankie. 
@edgedood Same here... it sucks!  The hot weather at the moment seems to be giving me continuos ones.
@StephWBates  Cheer up....things will get better.....................
is hot 'n' bothered &amp; should have been in bed hours ago! Far too hot to sleep though   #fb
Awake again. But no #alltimelow tweets? 
Out Mini-WSOP 1055th.  Least got my money back 
Strangers scare me. 
Pretty much impossible to find unsalted in-shell sunflower seeds!  not even at Whole Foods!
I  haven't really wanted to do anything all day but lay in my bed and sleep... Strange. 
Deprived from @natalietran 's new video cause my net is capped 
1 am, oooohhhhh noooooooo!!!! Bedtime,now! Wake up call in about ...mhhh...6 hours...ohhhh nooooooo 
the weather is amazing right now. Hail storm. I have a killer headache though 
Chipped my tooth on a budwiser bottle  what next? Trip to the dentist next week or else I can kiss doin any more modelling goodbye
Miracle league is over.  I'm gonna miss tohose kids. At home making dinner. Yay pasta!!!
@JoeJonas1Fan1 nope cant see it 
Left nicoles party early  now getting ready for sarahs!
Still working on my homework. This rain storm is downing my vibe.  Rainstorm+Homework = LAMENESS. o_O
@Demise_DoLL The Survivors achievements suck 
@Albinha26 Awe! U just blew me off!! I'm sad now 
I was just about to say my sister @Dangerous_T won't let ya hurt me like that and then she post that bullshit... no love...  lol
@iHaps after just getting it back? Torture mate 
Home... AA got there before the bears. Exciting morning at Kwik Fit to look forward to 
Slow twitting for another week till I get back. 
@x3missLautner i wanted Flawless but it wasn't to be 
At work. Miserable. Kill me now, before I cry. 
Returned from the Jeopardy audition. Not bad, but not fantastic. We'll see what happens. I broke my pen already 
Adding  a Friend 
@SeanTuckerJr Osly like kissed and humped jon on and Osly tried to get him to have sex but jon declined. He is a bootey chaser. Careful. 
Wow I Feel OLD  ... Congrates Class Of 2009!
Gutted 
Gutted to learn #TransformersAnimated is officially over...WHY @derrickjwyatt Cue sad face 
Low bat... and out 
At my mothers (:Watching I Dream of Genie, it's alright :Lgoing home soon  Should still be sleeping haha This laptops crap, I want mine 
Slow night so far.  1 load of wash and 2 loads in a dryer.
After 2 years, found out that I have a small storage closet in the laundry room.  Unfortunately, it's not labeled &quot;Dead Hooker Storage.&quot; 
Handbag Sale will be ending soon  www.modhumanvintage.com
@Smiles6x I'm so jeaous! Wish you could ship some here. 
@Lyrical_Lawyer Nightly break down   That's no good....
@andrewgoldstein http://twitpic.com/6at98 - Beautiful - i see Streets When i look around 
-&quot;Its only 5:27!&quot; -&quot;they would be early they're the smart ones!&quot; Haha. Leaving Universal 
Count your blessings, cause I've counted every lie. I'm beyond bored 
Re-doing it. 
Just checked balance on Staples &quot;Easy Rebate&quot; card: 0 despite the fact that I never used it. $3-6/mo &quot;service chg&quot; ate up my refund. 
@AmericanWomannn Tons of problems...still happening on and off 
Just finished getin my nails done. Painful  but its so pretty
Window shopping sucks even my lil cousins are buying hollister 
AdminAddict: I'm Scared  http://bit.ly/19YuDR
Story of my life!!! There is no where to watch it cause everything is being used 
Just had another sighting of the Fail Whale 
Lunch was a bagel with cream cheese. Cracked peppercorn is pretty good but after I had already ordered I noticed they had some poppyseed. 
has been watching Deep Impact and it made me cry again 
Tempted to run out and get some taco bell. I have no self control when it comes to food. 
@mstiffanytaylor so that's where u went! Left me all by my lonesome 
another day has passed and i haven't seen Up!!! Utterly disappointed I am 
Attempted to find a way to get into tonight's show @ The Casbah. Sold out anyways  THIS close to seeing Anne bo Nanz again. Sadness.
The Fail Whale is real busy tonight. 
A Ring of Endless Light comes on at 3am but I think Ill fall asleep before then 
The Getaway Plan show lastnight was amazing! I'm gonna miss thoseboys  Disappointed that I didn't get to hang out with them @ Trash again.
@kiala 1. I am dirt poor and need every shift I can get. 2. I can't get into any other bars thanks to Real ID. 
Change of plans, staying home... 
wooooord! &amp;&amp; I'm loving it! I just wish the Nuggets could have lasted to see this!  lol @Money_Motivated
Squat with an Overhead Press is my favorite today- Should have chose to drink a few instead- still hurts inside, can't break my memories. 
Hands are tied. 
Samsung apparently has no interset in Deaf/Hard of Hearing Money - their new television ads aren't captioned. The pictures fuzzy. 
Re-pinging @shoechicky: No sunset tonight  ur dog is awesome !!!!
@aptronym Disappointment, this morning, was the absence of the pineapple custard bun with crunchy milk-top.  
@AliGraysAnatomy True story...What a shame to waste all of those fabulous clothes 
Busted out the guitar to jam and maybe even write a song and then... Broken string  Game over.
doing hw while everyone is at the party.. Story of my life.. 
@graniayu Ah, girls day out? Wanted to find bubur ayam around SCBD but became too hungry. Eating omelettes instead 
@justrobby I think I'm gonna have a minute silence... Shattered 
Beautiful day outside . I'm going to uni  then to workshop for bloggers delight 
DXC was a win .. kinda. Broke again  Tired .. gonna sleep in the car.
ELISHA &lt;33333 I love you. Pierced septum. Home ec assingment 
@Jasmonique  I knowwwww. grr ! Ill work on it 2night. Honest! lol
Just left my momma  .. Ill be home at like 9am.
@GloriaVelez Fly girl you promised you would follow me what happen.. 
Spider fell from wall onto bed. Found it. Killed it with a pink Croc. Still having panic attack. 
Full of hate for the new 89 schedule. I just want to go home 
At GOODIES Carry Out! I don't see anything Healthy On the Menu Tho! 
What the heck is going on with twitter the last few days? Slow, bad gateways, time outs, error messages, eaten tweets. 
Save the polar bears!!!!!!  oh my gosh depressing commercial
At the midnight showing of Rear Window at Ritz at the Bourse. Was going to take a No-Doz, but I already have heart attackish pains. 
Excited for warped tour but sad I only have 3 weeks left of normalcy with friends and my lover 
I just finished a video but accidently added a effect I didn't want. Waiting on a friend to tell me how to erase it 
Reason #3 phoenix sucks. No roseland parade 
Home  emily I love you! I feel horrible.
had first major relase 'cause I got way too hungry.  Thin crust pizza was only 330 cal per third of pizza - not bad, but I ate 3 thirds 
I tried to add Captain Fine to the Urban dictionary but my submision was rejected. 
@CourVO Yipes! Praying this crisis &quot;passes&quot; quickly for you. 
I miss my gays     You can't leave me!  Abandonment!
Epic Fail on deciding not to go to Comic Con!! 
Finally summer! But I'm sick?  urg. Partying last night with the girls was hilarious! I have never laughed soo much!love them&lt;3
Counter is wrong ! I have 498 followers ! 
Proud of my little man. He started jumping in the pool by himself today. Hes getting so big 
At Shemallen's cotillion. Table 13 to get our food. 
Thre end of the nfight  iughhh fuckkkkk thissssssss http://twitpic.com/6bbyj
Stepped on glass 
@SynGamer  They're awesome! And I think they're hot. Prefer what Lip Service has to offer, but they're so asspensive! 
Supposed to be homeworking....but really can't be bothered  Truth of the world- Evermore
To buy a movie or not to buy a movie. I have netflix... But i want to buy this, too. Dilemma. 
@Slave2beauty well if you want it in person, they have stuff at the lego store at downtown disney but otherwise i've only seen it online 
Almost a week buffered on the comic. Caught up to my previous buffer bcause I don't draw hands well &amp; every comic so far has hands in it 
I keep staying up too late even though I'm exhausted. Stressed out.  
Getting another cold sore...just got over one...sheesh! Story of my life 
Today has been lousey  I feel like an absolute fuck up. Depressing.
@JoyYoung dammit I just got this!  U know I been moving all day!  Tired boss!   sleepover 2morrow nite?!
Mann Half Yearly Exams tommorrrow  Better go study
@bLiNdz0r Blind, I misses your videos   You were my favorite drummer.
Sucks I got on the tram but @israel_torres and his family didn't ... Waiting for them now 
http://twitpic.com/6belo - Stuck in Traffic 
39 hours of no sleep. Now going to bed. Alone. 
sad i had to leave  stupid allergies...they seem to be controlling my life. *Inspired&lt;3*
at pepper.. Pennywise concert.. Hurt my hand in pit!  owwwie
I truly don't know what to do about my ex-girlfriend. Locked in the psych ward because of ME. Calling all the time. 'Prolly lose her job. 
I just watched The Reaping... I thought it's a good movie coz of the title lol... but turns out I was wrong... I didn't even finish it 
Hurt my backbone. Ouch. 
WOD:  move 46 4x6 rubber flooring matts 218 miles for time.  Target = 4 hours:35 minutes.  Result 329 miles in 7hours: 7minutes 
@SNUBB200: nothin at all... I'm pissed! Cheer me up 
Lost out on the motorbike lessons and @marcmcpherson is disappointed in me. Silent Auction #Fail 
@DJDRAMA when are u comin back 2 toronto i couldnt make it tonite  heard its  craaaazy at Home right now!
Deprived of rappelz for the weekend. 
Backed into my bf's car tonight   feeling awful about it
@computertechie7 Downside: I can no longer look at non-LED screens 
tomorrow is going to come too early. Closed at coldstone tonight... lifeguard 8:30-4:30 tomorrow.  I pray it rains!
Fast and the furious 4 was awesome! But letty died 
Empathy is such a lame ability! 
watching 'MSNBC - Children for Sale'...so sad 
Just so you know, Smooth Away so doesn't work.  
Man ii can't get into anything tonight.  Fake ID please.
Annoyed that holidays are so far away. So much I want to do, that by the time they actually come around, I won't be bothered anymore! 
Going to bed now! Tired and not feeling well 
teen angst.  damnitt!! Waiting for my bestie to get done with prom! gah. I need to talk to her so bad.
Doesn't care anymore!!! Tired of repeatin myself n tired of complaining! 
Jammed my finger in the door 3 hours ago....It's still bloody sore!! 
Stuck in traffic for forever 
Shoot me 
there's a U-Haul truck going down my block; makes me miss my father... intensely. I want him here 2 give me a hug. 
I just watched Doubt for the first time &amp; I was very disappointed 
Caught a chill, damn 
lunch time! but i havent Appetite! 
Stranded. Four beautiful girls. At michigans. Wth are we to do now? 
is reading Things Fall Apart ! 
TEAM: 'ALMOST'  --- Letting Dapo down since september 08.  We're sorry man 
Drunk!  wow I'm bartending and serving this is bad http://myloc.me/2axr
So yes the movie Taken I def top on our list of Great Movies! But man Human Trafficking sucks 
Ah.Worried 
is back! Hint 2. i was just doing some hell hard maths homework... ugh and theres more to do 
Layin in bed...Tweetin away...Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa...hot Outside! 
Becoming very nervous about my Geo Trip ! 
@hayleyjfoster if theyre on your head Ill LOL... if theyre not then sad times 
Stuck in another 5 hour car ride back to msk... 
Home and going to bed...I don't feel well. 
@KathAbej It's not raining here. Unfair. 
We lost.  But Dockyard's Wave Of Mutilation was RAD!
Locked outside my house  wanna sleep plz.
@paistoutheou No...*sigh* even my emo-ness can't save me from my upcoming doom. ...Save me Danielitoooooooooooo. 
Morning all! Glorious day here weather-wise, shame I've got a stunner of a headache thou. 
Break time from final project.............................................................................. ........ okay, back to work! 
Making a lot more progress on this site. Stable design, now I need to start scripting it  - still need a name too
Left my wallet in a cab... can things get any better? 
Now at rajshahi. Tired to cleaning my room 
@JanieByrne  whats Low.... :S im foncused now
Whether I can twitter in church or not is now moot - I haven't made it again this week... Rubbish 
Count me out  ive got my day full!
@Composure_s0n you better save me some! 
Awake! Revision 
i am loving the Truly Madly Deeply Winged Burnout Tank from the urban outfitters site its just a shame you can get in in australia 
Gutted I didnt get to go out last night &amp; not I have to revise all day 
http://twitpic.com/6bou6 Straight out of oven. I may have over-cooked it a little  
Awake! Body thinks it's on Eastern time yet. 
@Tinashe_K Listening to Tinashe song because im a true bestfriend even though its a really bad song...and you said &quot;you loved me&quot; 
Low batt...  titip di mas2 dulu deh buat di charge
OK. So it's nearly 8. This new gay venue that wss to from 3PM till Misnight is EMPTY. Danger Will Robinson. Bank Hotel it is. 
Hard to wake up 
at work with a headache. Kill me and the ancient home work i have to do still 
Last day of #halfterm  Least there's still sun - happy Diversity won #bgt
Shift 2. crossed into AL? Sunrise chasing us. Missed some calls 
Awake again before the sunrise. We must be getting old 
Movies with too much romance (and sex) doesn't make me cry. Sex is distracting. It separates your pudding side to the granite side. 
Now my Tissot's bust, as well as my Sarpaneva...  Might resort to my shiny gold Casio today. Postmodern bling!
Unexpected middle of the night visit from old friend who was in town all week without my knowledge. Pity he flies away in a few hours 
Beach today!!!! yay!!! gonna wear my shorts, woo! Paperwork first though 
Annoyed most of the photos I took of the boat racing yesterday are blurry 
@mikesacco: Ouch.  I'm sorry to hear it. Lack of insurance is the big problem with being a freelance writer. I totally sympathize.
Why. Am. I. Awake. 
Eyelash in my eye 
Scared  don't think i'll be very good at being a grown up!!
Stuck in traffic on the M74 in lovely sun shine 
Gated estate, 24 hour security, off street parking &amp; some totally pissed wanka still manages to run up the back of my friends car! WTF!? 
Gutted I was sick last night  I slept like 14 hours!!! So why do I still have huge bags under my eyes eh? That sucks...
Burned my tongue! 
Awake. I cried last night..... 
Gutted to find im overdrawn for 1st time in years  love current ginch gonch range in tk maxx,gayest underwear ever!was sooo tempted.
@Naked_Assassin aw mate, sorry about that. Support will be able to help you out. 
it's warm today. And very windy, which makes it colder then it should be. Perfect time for sunbathing, but i still have sunburns 
Assignment time!! 
@bleublogger he he miss scheduled Boss 
Stuck inside today tidying my room 
@Aamyra Count me in! I hate flu 
@kellycairns Operation  sorry to hear your heading off to hospital now 
BT4 Pre-Final does not like my macbook at all 
Couple more hours left to relax and then it's time to head to work. Late shift tonight unfortunately 
Annoyed with iTweet again. It won't upload pictures so you can't see my lovely muffins 
4Shared is really disappointed 
Needle needle why oh why you hurt me 
Trying to pick out green baby bottles... too bad Born Free doesn't have a milk pump adapter for its GLASS bottles.... 
@CharlesParry I think one of the Porn stars deleted me, harshness 
Diversity 1st???  I thought Flawless were better  www.chatstation.co.uk
no more PG Tips on an empty stomach.  
Weak pencil lead is weak 
@AlexWilliamson haven't seen Closer yet...  must remedy situation!
studying for Finals while still sad about Prison Break - The Final Break 
@roldriot you're a freakishly fast man.  You did miss a man projectile vomitting though.  It wasn't me, but i hit the wall.  Hard. 
Our NPCC camp just ended today and i'm missing it so freaking badly.  On a side note, Courage the Cowardly dog is very entertaining.
@JFoundation doh! Ill have listen another time. I cant get close to a 6music source now  mrjimbob is worth a follow on twitter
Loving the weather. Gutted that were back to work tomorrow and moving house this week 
@roudy4561  i'm sorry. Lack of sleep.
Autopsy done: they pulled off an electrolytic cap, resoldered it in the wrong place w/too much solder and covered other parts. Dead. 
@hokeypokeyindia missed  the anniversary Bonus treats!!  When is the occasion coming in the near future for similar discounts?
@Bizarre57 I cant stand those trees 
 Stuck on a train missing all the glorious sunshine.
@MarkStokes Stuck in the office missing all the lovely sun 
Matured decisions are the most difficult, I think 
Afraid i got a bearing problem on the left steer  It has been screamin at me but all mechanics say noooo its fine
been playing Call Of Duty: World at War. Kept me entertained longer than expected. work to be done soon though 
@abtony My parents travelled from tvm to hybd via chennai &amp; their chennai to hyb got cancelled. Same happening for their return travel 
Awake! Doing a few things online before making food to bring to Drayton Valley. Healthy animal-friendly foods aren't very plentiful in DV 
@shermaineee Name of the book? Is the Mars &amp; Venus one? I used to have the book but I don't know where it went! 
Break from kids today but my love will not be with me  as usual...
Hopeless 
Oh my god I just noticed I Rendered only half of the tutorial 
Laying in bed... Listening to gospel music on the radio since I missed church this morning 
@mmed11 Yay, Bodies (hopefully there won't be a long line  )
@Icy_Undead @outlandishcast  now im gonna have nightmares!!! 
Housework ! and its beautiful outside.  Dogs are lying in the sun and I'm stuck inside 
Change is good, change is good, change is good...  I'm not good with change.
I have a press release, 2 websites, a book intro and staff plan to finish before I sleep tonight.  And I need to wash clothes  Rough day!
Exhausted only wish I could say I could have early night got lots to do when we get home work tomorrow 
Tear in my eye  http://mypict.me/2bpF
Painted a part of the house. Shot 3845 pictures of that. Divided by 5 brackets gives 769 images to tonemap. Movie length: 3-4 min 
@jakeofsight jakeeee, have a good show tonight. Gutted we ain't coming to the last one  thanks for making tour amazing xx
Bah! Change of plans.... Tripping over myself getting things together 
Last nights show was great, we rocked out, and as Brandon would say, &quot;Made it Metal&quot;. Trying to grow facial hair...as good as shannon 
@henrytapia very shameful indeed! I heard about this on Triple J's Hack half hour about a week ago. 
Beautiful day outside and I have a ton of work 
Incomplete without my love 
@gfalcone601 Reloading the page isn't working for me...  I'll go vote again on the other computers, though!!!! #GetGiBackInTheLead &lt;3
Wide awake - body thinks I'm going clubbing 
Naked toes :|  :S
Curses foiled again! 
Twitterbreak is officially over! I can't stand not tweeting! Tired 
Re-pinging @MsQueenn: Somethings wrong with my Twinkleeeeee!!  ha ha :p but I still love you tho
Cig butt out car window. Failed and it went onto back seat. Finger burnt now 
@lancearmstrong Menchov was able to get close... But  Heart just wanted to stop that moment...
@TopsAtWarChild Closed  http://bit.ly/zAcTB #bluejays
@Backstothewall Left my account open at work and they looked through it  you okay?
@thelastressort Been tinkering away at shorts recently but being too ill to throw proper attention at it. Play's still cooking. At wrk 
&quot;We Belong Together&quot; on www.92qjams.com I'ma cry. @mariahcarey @renesandy 
@kitchenwench Burn!!  I got nabbed as a spammer on your lovely blog when I left a comment.  
&quot;Change it to amy&quot; -my mom she didn't like krazy 
I've been working all weekend. Exciting right? 
Ugh. Stuck in work in a black uniform while everyone comes in wearing dresses and flowery things. 
@t_isfortammy Hard to get? Sounds more like tease to me! I have stuff to do tomorrow, I can't afford a late night out 
What happened? Massive cloud blotted out the sun  beginning of the end for our summer? Http://www.the-port.co.uk
Semi grounded. Phone and computer taken away 
I've heard they get hot when u sleep. Dense material doesn't allow air flow. Might cause sweaty dreams.  @AllisonNazarian
@postsecret True. 
Cake fail! Two of them! Doubled the butter &amp; baking soda in one, too many substitutions in the other. Neither seems to want to set up 
GRR!!! Looked at Cannon Cameras online for HOURS! They say it has my two worst cons ever; slow lag time and poor battery drainage. Help! 
Homework all day then Yankee game then cav game then penguin game then studying some more for finals 
Getting ready to head to a soccer match!  Boring!! lol
Gutted - scratched the hell out of my touch pro 2... fell out of by bag getting out of a taxi 
Locked oot the hoose  alcohol duz bad hings to ur heed!!!!
Bus drivers who refuse to WAIT for people suck. Banged up my knee racing the bus to the next stop on blades. Made it...but it still hurts 
&quot;Recovering&quot; from a party 
Looking forward to the NEW Live Action Aqua Teen Hunger Force tonight!..that I'll have to watch tomorrow 
Stuck at home until the Marathon is over.  
@PalmBeachLocatR yea, I'm getting that crap too. Same pic many different accounts 
stayed up late for Stats! 
Whole body ache 
Stuck with hw n I feel accomplished as well as reali-ng I coulda done this earlier 
@vimaco I'm just not big on relativism ;) Greatness from bad things but also some things that are bad reach levels of greatness 
Windshield wiper arm just broke on car (of course its raining) rendering car un-drivable, cancelling squash game  - everything's connected
Week-End is Expiring 
Its Beautiful weather, so sunny and warm  its too be warm again tomorrow woohoo pity im working 
Discovery is hosting a great show called &quot;Natures Most Amazing Events&quot; one event that isn't amazing? NO CLOSED CAPTIONS for this ad 
it's time for me to Cry 
Bloody hell it so freakin hot.lovin it.wish I had a swimming pool in my garden 
@bbgeekchic not working on the 8900 only on Bold 
Getting a red pair of Converses. High-tops or low-tops? Undecided 
I Want A Water Fight 
@ghostlove me too, just checked out the stories about it. Horrendous 
Dead battery 
Full up now... had a great day, shame back to college 2moro... 
trying to relax and watch Nascar, Difficult 'cause children don't know how to relax 
All of my equipment is now back at home. That's it. The tour is now officially over  Bloody good one though!
What A Way to End A Season!: Note: Sarcasm      ... http://tinyurl.com/lcmh84
@tonyadam been there done that. Dead dead dead. Couldn't get it back 
@monikamcg There's quite a  difference in 14 days versus longer.  Same plane/same gas doesn't make sense.  
Its The Climb... :| I miss you sweetheart!!! 
: I'm going to be twittering until I'm off to the Little Cease's at 4!! 
Stuck on a call 
@johnsonliz True, but I feel crummy, too. 
Lady Rest in peace my lovely dog. You are missed  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/197844
@mmitchelldaviss what happened to your Secret video? 
Worried about work 
Killer headache today.   Going to try a nap and see if that helps.  Caffeine did not.
School 2Morrow  3 Hard Weeks Ahead Of Mee 
is banging out early, no kids showed  Killing time till movies by heading over to BCC - his dojo's annual karate open tourny is today
I would love to be in Wiesbaden right now, 'cause Long Distance Calling and Opeth are playing there tonight 
@WeSupportNiley Same! I have school 2moz as well  
Getting ready for work  . Save me plz!!!
Trying to Finish Transition Sessions... 7 days to leave Madrid.. 
Purse transfer is complete. Homework time 
Stuck at work longer than expected   so much left to do tonight too...
@mattaiken I was so happy and warm. Collapsing, but happy. I didn't go back today cos I got up late 
Single again  i miss him ~AresEros~
@Lyrical_Lawyer What is???  
The lack of ways to Support Giant Bomb financially from outside the 50 States and DC makes me sad 
Skipped breakfast today and headed straight to the loom - now I'm paying for it. Skipping meals means supplications to porcelain gods. 
Maths tomorrow. Dreading it too! Then two english exams. What a crappy week 
Just heard a dr who performs abortions was shot to death outside his church today.  i forever believe in a womans right to choose. Period.
Beach was lovely, bit burnt through my factor 25 though, silly skin. Paperwork now 
Hiccups 
Update:  Finger is broken   Sadly, not the first time and probably not the last.  Complaining is for Wusses so that's the last of it.
Exhausted  
Just rejected a video Idea that I worked hard on. 
I dont want to do exams  damn.. has anyone got spare A-Levels they would like to give me?...
Longest shift of my life... I wanna go home 
Stuck watching old people sing in latin about the crucifixtion for the next 2 hours. Kill me 
@queenbmakeup True! hehe^^ sorry girlie 
Honeymoon almost over. 
Dead camera battery in ibiza 
I miss my Boss B*tches!!!!  @esmitty22 @trubuty @reeshybaby @blairangela @twostep05
Stuck at my parents, worried about work &amp; my car is broken  
@JadeElizabeth87 Same happened to me... I was really really upset about it. 
Stuck at work, doing three nites. 
Re-pinging @iTs_HeR: LOL. (: I clicked yes but then I relized it was pic  I though it was real haha I'm playin
8 hours till I can go home, 24 hours till I can go to bed. Bloody hospital appointments 
I seriously can't believe she's going to college! Away... 
Another flat bike tire.  Washed &amp; waxed the car instead.
Real talk... I'm over it 
Dark Digital developer showing me just how crap i am at Inferno pool   Gave me some great tips though  really good fun
Stuck on 2.9mb BBand  Engineer comming out tomorrow!
Chancho just fuckin ran away!  he crossed a really busy street, went to a trailer park and dissapeared. Caught him after an hour. Scray!!!
At baccalaureate ceremony baking my ass off!! Ah not diggin this cap thing.. Flattening my hair 
@benrlr  the shelves are all nice + clean now..except they're really not. All the bloody dust falls straight back on..  Clock in okay?=]
@RichardNapalan I see. Save me  bored
Gone back home boo 
Stepped on a thorn.... my foot hurtss 
@demente Silence! I kill myself! 
@RuthieRAWR *wishes you luck* Same to me 
@The_Blackout yeah already cryed to sean about that he told me there was nothing u guys could do it wasnt up to u 
I want to Nudge you  @macycan
Watching 7 Pounds... Too sad 
@DazzW Bloody blip, 4 nights in a row just when I'm doing my closing set it goes nuts and starts freezing up - must the bloody americans 
So annoyed. One if my team left their bag in the pub so I took it but left my favourite top in the pub. Gutted 
Exhausted 
Wasted an entire day with a hangover  not gonna drunk for a while!
Saw a cloud shaped like a heart and and to tell the girls that it was Care-a-lot!! Aydia didn't know what it was!!  poor thing!!
Bombed today at the tourney  but i got all the pieces to Swans!
@sedroknits I'm in exactly the same boat  Two assignments due this week and couldn't do anything last week. Luck to us both.
@Addicted2Fame couple of days ago don't be hittin me up nomore 
#unfollowdwighthoward Cause they won last night 
#unfollowdwight Cause they won last night ... spread the word 
Deception 
@slicc3081 Wth??? U go to shawnee one night and by the next ur car is trippin. Lammeeeee 
Not many this year. Impatient relative came over last year sprayed junk on trees. Left trees looking like nuclear accident 
The grocery store was an experience. And I thought ours in Pgh NorthSide was sketchy! Bought lots of random Czech snacks. But no soymilk 
@danadearmond aside from the humidity, it's not too bad. Busier as the day's gone on though 
Food Poisoning: I hate my life right now 
I need to switch carriers!  I Love my 8900 and T-Mobile. But EDGE isn't cutting it!  Anyone want to give me a Bold or Storm??? Lol
Clan Leader Banned 
Wanted to back to BarCamp today, but just hot out of my &quot;lunch&quot; meeting. 
Watching the season finale of Prison Break, as if the show's cancelled  I guess it has been getting worse with every season! haha
sitting at work, I keep telling myself 30 more minutes, in hopes it will make time go by faster... not so much  Entertain me?
Re-organised my room, cleaned things up, put fans away for winter and brought heaters out. I miss the clutter for some reason 
@juniperus Home!      you win   
Getting ready to have a gourmet burger bbq at the home of @TheRVS !!  Final day of bebauchery!  Cleanse begins tomorrow 
Kill my life (( im misssssing ultimate frisbee 
Onward to daves con mi amiga major hills finale  vmas and wings all in one night!
drove horrible this morning but redeemed myself. Backed out on tennis just to practice driving again. ughhh..i love tennis! 
@Midlife_Slices SAw your earlier tweets a few mins ago... darn, I missed those classic photos! 
@JoeJonas1Fan1 thanks but i didnt get anymore followers  lol
@GrafittiMySoul It's still hiding. Waiting til I go to sleep before it comes out and crawls all over me 
@jsgreyhoundgirl  driving the back roads. Blind hill, he was in the middle of my lane. I thought I had enough clearance to go over him 
I've just spent the past 3.5 hours staring at over 30 different fungi species and drawing them. Kill me now. 
Alone in hall c 
Say a little prayer for Maggie she's not feeling good. Low grade fever too. 
watchin Blow and tannin the rest of this stuff myself, seems like im the only party animal alive, i love Blow and miss @_mel_bell 
@Dannymcfly Are you real, Jones? Pinch me, I must be dreaming 
spencer and heidi just called each other &quot;hubby&quot; and &quot;wifey&quot;. Gag me 
Awe, something is wrong with this bird   http://twitpic.com/6dfbp
Just got my haircut... I look like the kid from Home Alone 
Dysfunctional 
Blown back right tire. Not going anywhere 
@alittletrendy I'll never find a sugardaddy that soon! plus I'm seeing No Doubt on the 5th, so I couldn't come out there! 
@TraceyHewins Finished.. No won  Luck is not on my side. Lol
@mrsaintnick no action. U understand  ????... Confused
shish kebobs and pineapple on the grill... now wine in front of the TV. Perfect ending to the weekend, too bad it has to end 
Worried about dawnald!!! 
Save me from this nightmare 
@Beautiful515 ...exactly what I didn't want 
Exhausted, two naps today and now bed by 9.. What's wrong with me 
@kiaeffbaby LOL yeah I will 'evolve' with this website I guess like I did the board. Random people add me too and some be old ppl  LOL
@davidrankin Where I am, there are NO hockey fans. Period. 
From the &quot;You Can't Make This Stuff Up Department&quot; German Biker Gangs are recruiting retarded people to commit crimes  http://bit.ly/1 ...
Bloody fab night, proud of him. gonna miss that lad way too much i know. already  x
@axetizoc I've come to the conclusion that it isn't funny at all  But I think things will work out for the best. Cheer up buddy!
I got summoned for Jury Duty, this was not the opportunity I was waiting for 
Eminems performance isn't quite the same without Proof 
Sitting on the curb. I have a flat tire. Waiting for AAA 
I attempted to Ride the Lightning on Expert G but the solo kicked me off  63%
@iamtrash Problem is, you have a zune 
Another award for twilight  common voters .. Vote for slumdog millionaire
@JoeJonas1Fan1 well, when you see it, please record it and put it on youtube, 'cuz im from argentina, &amp; i cant see the MTVMA 
wants to see Airborne Toxic Event sooooooo badly 
@OKStatecom  Rough game  so far   
Just off work. Tired as balls 
Vote twilight for best movie! I wish ryan and rachel were nominated for something!  that's where they had their famous kiss! &lt;3
Sawee   *Rated M For Midget*
Stuck @ traffic 
Jammed my pinky at practice...hurts worse than the huge lump on my shin 
Home from church. Listening to my baby cry because he has a tummy ache.  No fun.  
starting my last week of freedom before i start work! Bittersweet.. 
Burned Finger  Tomorrow school! see you tomorrow 
I like The Climb, but i really wanted Decode to win! 
Snap back to reality tomorrow... 
Hard to decide which is more depressing: the evening news or the pens/wings game 
Midterm from hell has officially ruined my weekend 
Surprise last minute attendee for creation is @sambo101 !  He fought for this and cant even twitter it himself cause mom isnt too happy 
J's party was a blast! Hard to believe he is graduating and leaving me  i sure love him and am hecka proud of him!!
Change my theme back to old one, I need reference 
is still mad about kristin schnake bein the last out! haha. and mad that Ill be out of country during the finals  glad its only $.50 a txt
@IndiaCaitlin Same here  And my leg really hurts  I'll get mum to write me a note though.. hopefully. =/ xx
what the Track banquet is tomorrow . nobody told me 
Lost my mobile Twitter and been feeling lost for the last few days..   Working hard to correct the problem PBP! Stay Tuned!
@I_Steal_Cookies Quitting what? Insomnia? ha,ha,ha...I don't know why I can't kick it. I go to bed, turn off lights and nothing. 
Up, on tube already. Bit of a shock to the system only tempered by the fact i need 2 be here @ least 1hour earlier tomorrow! 
You dont want my life. Fighting everyday to strive to find myself. All i want is to be loved and loved in return without feeling hurt 
@henrikpaul True... now my beatbox routine will just look stupid   http://is.gd/LfqA
Feeling a sudden urge to buy this hoodie from Hot Topic... 
Spoke too soon! It's not half term! 
Hiccups 
I think I bricked my phone  Ill fix this phone somehow
Really don't wanna be here @ wrk  Breakups suck!
 Delivery from Aussie Farmers didn't work. The pity of living in a big apartment complex. Wished I had a house to use their services.
Yesterday i had to give a woman first Aid, today i trashed the workcar  @ work
Deadline is on the way..!! 
Stuck in traffic on way to work   http://twitpic.com/6e383
If I'm devastated its becuz I'm about to watch the Pursuit of Happiness...  http://myloc.me/2gc7
Stuck in work in the heat, in till 5 too bah 
Worn out after my weekend of walking - my feet ache 
Aww @sheakoshan you are missing on Sex's audition  
What a horrible day!  Enough said.
@bobbyllew Re. murdered doctor - sadly you'll always get extremists who are willing to go too far 
Awake and can't go back to sleep...  this might make for a long day tomorrow
 i hate this family. Save me!
I aint made a beat in a week. Beat block sucks 
Upset that Paramore didn't win 
Dead connection forces me to go to bed  boo...
Late late late... Bloody public transport. Eyes are stinging, back is aching, head is pounding and I feel obese - not a good start 
Worried bout the paths I I've to take 
Hard at work and avoiding the sun 
@Decade_  ..its over??? awe damn 
Bit disappointed by the Smashing Magazine wallpapers this month. Couldn't find one I liked  http://moourl.com/rxtyi
http://twitpic.com/6e4lp - Worrying too much causes an upset stomach 
@carlonicora Limit the rights. 
That's were we went lol, it's nothing like how I remembered it. Bit of a disappointment really 
Working Hard for Finals this week 
@inezherbosa Same!  I love it there.
Caught the sun over the weekend and feeling a bit tired 
Almost Doesnt Count!!! 
Time-Lapse Video of Massive Change on Earth  http://tinyurl.com/km657o  (via @michaelqtodd) &lt;&lt;&lt;Scary, pls treat Earth well! 
has so much clean!! Clothes everywhere  Torture!
Gutted the works trip to the zoo has been cancelled due to &quot;car trouble&quot;...going to a local farmyard instead 
Stuck in a mental coding block. The effects of working on too many things at once. 
@Broken_Vibes I miss you! 
is doing her Science Assignment.  
@record_Attempt - more delays on the Wodonga WiFi 
@Dannymcfly Are you real, Jones? Pinch me, I must be dreaming 
Caught up in the rat race feeling like a no-one.  (good song tho)
So said today... Cheer me up twitters  And I fade now...
Just played two games of netball. Tired 
@CHRISDJMOYLES Get some Rage Against the Machine on the go - perfect Monday morning. Pitty I don't have a radio on my phone/ipoo 
Gutted that we didn't win last week's pitch. 
back to work today. Hardest part about time off from work is going back 
@someofmywork LOL. Same. I would never work from home today. Its is hot in here too. 
@wildfire198 that would be sweet! U only there today? Cause I'm stuck here gotta get a suit fitted and I'm car less today too 
Ack! Trapped in an office with no internet! 3G is flakey too! Withdrawl shakes kicking in.  Send interwebs now!
@pollianicus Fine so far, but haven't had to get out of the chair yet. Security here wouldn't let me park in a disabled space 
Just waking up, my stomach is killing me as always. Tired of being anxious every single morning... 
Ouch, my eyelids are red raw. Dodgy new moisturiser not making me a happy bunny. In fact, I feel like a lab bunny 
Stuck inside working with a glorious day outside 
Where do all these teeny little red spider things come from?! Daren't open window or will be covered. Not great as v hot in my office 
@dancehallhiips Cry baby 
@ilostmyself_ it is playing in the background at the moment, i'm teelining  Kill me.
Record. Up@ 4 - Sick as all hell. Going to b MIA for a few days. Not going to class ne more-Missing out on 200pts - Settling for &quot;C&quot; .FML 
Daylight just happened in thirty seconds 
Tried to convince client to use font Chaparral Pro. Wanted to evoke a newstand mag feel. They bottled it  Apex sans it is then &lt;sigh&gt;.
Frequent Power Failures 
knowing what i'm probably going to be waking up to in the morning, makes me want to sleep for the next 3275897592 years. Depressing night 
Stuck in the post office queue from hell. Its soo hot and there is a smelly person in front of me 
Away from the internet and back to work... 
Jammed ! Stuck up and can't login www.nehabagoria.com is redirected to iam9.com Japnese site 
Nostalgic about days when I used to count cash at the cash register in my dad's business. Now a days money stays in bank &amp; paper 
Next thursday MMA Mobile Advertising Committee: Face to Face Working Session, and I'm running out of time 
Terminating Be Unlimited ADSL  and Thames Water payments in preparation for the big move.
Just boarding the plane home... Far too short of a trip  I have been thinking, however... A flight attendent would be such a cool job!
Jury Duty.... 
Its raining outside. I hope it stops by tonight cuz I'm going to the circus.... Gone to school for the day. 
Just woke up from a horrible nightmare. Alarm goes off in 45 minutes and I don't know if I'll fall back asleep 
wishes that she was at Morbid angel right now 
Loose women is on, it must be lunchtime! 
Stuck in traffic. 
Feeling sad, my Hard disk crashed on me when I was abt to upload old pics! 
Scared stray cat at my doorstep this morning. 
Given up on english speech. I spose Ill try again tomorrow 
@chrisspooner You know thy'll find some way to say it's your fault, too.  Re: Batteries.
*Groan*. Missed Sony's E3 Conference 
@yowneh True ( I was actually watching a movie that time so I decided to nap first before I continue  But then... yeah :|
Scared rose will hate me..... 
Praying for AF447 but doesn't sound good...  wonder what happened... Tragic news today... 
2 and a half hour maths exam actually killed me, so boring  Home to sunbathe now thoooo 
@faddict True! But $39.95 is so much nicer than $69.95 - especially considering how poor I am right now! 
Jury Duty today... can't wait 
Stuck in the office staring longingly out of the window at everyone else  having a lovely time in the sun 
The next red crayola crayon could be named after me. Painful sunburn 
FINALLY got me some new @babyspadez music...it took 2yrs!! @akadip dnt get no love from tha Full Deck crew like she used to  lol
@leenoree They're gross. Small lump surrounded by rash and they're super itchy! 
@faultlines Why am I mean?  Changing your username was the best decision ever!  and a good one at that. Fck the hatersss hahaha.
Ugh. Covered in aloe vera gel, and the sunburn still hurts 
Alienated 
@michellardi on the contrary, I love being at home. At least nakakarest ako. LOL! Burn out sa work, dito pa din ako. 
stuck at work with 2 fans on and the window open - Dying  
Excited it's the last week, but feeling sad that I've got to say goodbye to my favorite class yet.  Makes me a bit sad.  
Stuck on the metro 
@duckie1013 it looks lovely outside. Stuck in office 
Dreamt I had oatmeal for breakfast. Out of milk. Almost made it with beer, but that didnt turn out so well last time so..no. Cruel dreams 
@Hyper8 its breaking news, only facts so far was he was 81 and had short illness 
to get back to the &quot;Real&quot; world.  No more bedrest, no more stitches...no more excuses to be lazy 
Trying to fashion a way to keep the dog &quot;locked&quot; in the kitchen while we are out. Doorway uneven so baby gates don't fit 
Feet are roasting. Actually contemplating sandals. This is what what living in the west end has brought me to. I hate myself 
For the record, I'm too tired to do anything productive today, hence tweeting way too much. Profuse apologies to everyone's newsfeeds. 
Morning Taking the day off today Harry's Water park was the bomb Damaged my nose  but should be back out to work tomorrow
@markshewmaker Should I be finding something Spy related in my email? I got nothing 
Hey US folks, what's the latest issue of .NET mag you're able to find at the bookstore? Curious, I can only find Issue 188 
Ugh i need conversation. No one in here is interesting  iRylee Riot!
Just got to work. Tired with a massive headack. Couldn't sleep last nite cuz of my headack. 
Tired of Porn Stars and Spammers following me 
AF Statement released: Plane most likely destroyed. No hope of finding survivors. 
Graduated!!! done with the awesome weekend. now back to gym &amp; work work work 
Oh god it's looking like the worst now.    Shocking tragedy. Unthinkable.  http://bit.ly/vNyhS
Gutted can't find extension lead to plug his died laptop into 
Bloody bollocking teaspoons!! GRR!! Second laptop in as many weeks is dying of hard driveitis.. This one is my personal one tho. *SOBS* 
hopes that her cam will be alive again.  asar. nasira yung saksakan ng Memory Stick. urgh... http://plurk.com/p/xn8oq
Playing baseball. Hand hurts 
Actually, I'm a tiny bit disappointed that the album version of Stuck on Repeat is only 3 minutes long. 
@alucard8 Same here. Lunch will be waiting for me at home when I get back 
Bloody expensive sandals have given me blisters 
I am annoyed because I have to go to Jury Duty today.  This really really sucks. I have to miss both work and class the week before finals
@annagoss Same thing's been happening to me lately.   
@razedinwhite Why can't I beat your Waves score on Geo Wars 2? 
@xerynx eek, sorry, I saw that! Painful eh 
@ZyphBear Full of feathers and drool 
Problem is it feels much hotter when I go back into the office 
@rickoshea Same thing happened to me... I was looking forward to going and everything 
The muffin I got this morning is a disappointment. It's beyond stale. I have nothing else to possibly eat for breakfast. Stale I must. 
ack! Run out of chocolate. 
@twidroid Preferred the previous app icon tbh. Whole app seems slower as well. Not impressed so far 
Maybe I shoulda spelled Flamboyant correctly? 
@tallredamanda Hang in there. Catching up sucks. 
Today at 1:10 is the Farewell Assembly 
@Applepip Same here 
Not good news, had earache 4 abt a week, got it checked, its not infected but inverted!!! Hearing tests on the cards.......not good 
@enzeehashhash Brace yourself...... It means bitxh  haha
follwr #s just dropped  Hard 2 tell if it was &quot;spambots&quot; or people. 4 the record , I'm all stocked up on naked lady pics &amp; &quot;opportunities&quot;
Left her coffee cup at the coffee shop  no coffee for amanda today. So so so sad!  
Dead baby scene ... Erghh 
At work on my break.. Entertain me!lol im still sleepy 
#javaone classes shifted out from under me. Reworking today's schedule. 
I have a battle scar.    And I learned I'm a defiante drunk.Double  http://myloc.me/2h4I
@kjllim did not put the weekend to good use.. Wasted it away.. 
Sitting in the park alone, haha. Locked myself out of my apartment so now I hafta wait for Oriana to call me. 
Diary on public option falling down diary list at Dkos  http://tinyurl.com/km8cpl @dailykos #publicplan #healthreform #singlepayer #p2
I thought after 3 days of antibiotics I was supposed to feel better not worse!!! Hiding in bed until my drs appointment 
@Estherlala Same here, school sucks. especially during the last weeks 
@urbanbohemian: re: handbrake. my .net is out of date.    Easy to update?  (I'm computer stupid).
@helbro Red Ring of Death: http://bit.ly/2pprkp i.e. my xbox is dead and will be gone for about three weeks. 
Disaster and a half at work 
A in constitutional law! Waiting on the rest 
Whole foods market is a bust  i'm done making plans nothin ever seems to work out
@SimonRossyRoss must be the day for it - got mine out of my bag and it was dead too!  Mind you my battery only lasts about 24-26 hours.  
@amykate and people didn't feel that they had no option but to kill someone. Killing works, at least short term. Ask any terrorist 
@jemelehill I wish we cld get shows on TV tht aren't always promoting Ignorance at times.I'm over the stereotypical reality shows  so sad
Dead silence from local GM dealers. Not calling me back 
@GABREEZYY What's wrong!?! Cheer up, buttercup!! 
Stuck in traffic just outside telehouse 
@wolfgang errr no it was negated by a Lab Report Due constraint 
Stuck in on a nice day  i complain when i'm outside about the heat so i don't know whats better..
Jury duty 
Replaced b-ball w/ Swedish Hardcore over wknd. Proper, less disappointment. Other bummsville, seattle boy lives (get this) in seattle. 
@ChillyIlly I hope she is... Right now nobody really knows  Sakit tua yah gitu deh jadinya...
Worried about the missing flight 
@suzylake Awe, your baby is in kindergarten. 
Job search: Commencing 
Sitting in the dentist chair. Waiting for the xrays. I hate waiting. And my mouth is hurting again. 
Ugh! Feeling really sick this morning. I'm too busy for this!! Head is spinning and I'm not well. Resting it off. 
Angry at my mom... 
@mileycyrus congratulations!  you had the best song and the Breakthrough Performance - Female 
Ugh. Allergies still kicking my butt. Home on the couch today   http://myloc.me/2hnp
Brother wants to go for a pizza? But i want to go to thee pictures? What should i do...? Hard Decisions ? 
Cleaning up around the house, hate being Home Alone 
Beautiful day. Inside 
@necolebitchie Quick question: What's ur secret to progress? Sometimes I feel stuck 
I have an upset tummy but I'm hungry at the same time. Oxymoron I know. 
Away out again  tweet later ... today proves my beliefs .... If there was a god wdnt do this to me!
working hard as usual - my Boss is back from a weeks vacation - lots for me to do  
Annoying fact: I now have TPBs 1, 2, 4, and 5 of The Losers. 3 is on back order and arriving next week. 
Anyone else having problems with LJ? I keep getting Page Load Error no matter what I do 
I'm not ready for Hurricane Season  
Crippled with pain 
Run out of koflets.. and my throat is killing me 
Troubles with internet 
Afraid that history might repeat, not a big fan of bad memories. 
Dead like a log!!!!!!   
Arr!! I didnt realise that teachers could be so mean?? Giving sooo much homework on the first day back - and a monday!! 
Stressful day, could have done without it! 
Return of the Britney Sex Tape bot(s). 
Perfect day for the river, instead I'm stuck packing and lifting heavy things 
Quick stop at cabellas... No edges or gts in the lot  http://post.ly/idj
@MojoCulture Me either.. everyone is saying &quot;The Miracle on the hudson:., however an A330. in the ocean at night!! No hope! 
free! Home to sleep.. If only! More packing  x
Stuck at home waiting for the washing machine repair guy...1-5 is the best window they can give me 
Happy June 1st all! HEADLINE: Proposal to Close 220 California State Parks  Hope this doesn't happen.  http://tinyurl.com/l2y4qm
@WkdSelina haven't seen any yet  Disappointing after all our hard work too 
Stuck in work again. 
@castle03 @littleradge @darrenxp  http://yfrog.com/0c6abp   Gutted.
Cops made me toss my purp 
What a hot day, can't get enough of this gorgeous weather, Gutted i have to look at it from my office window 
knackered, over the past two days watched 9 episodes of Gadget show and I missed Prison Break yesterday! 
Trying to find a cool series to watch while on-going series are now off-air. And football season is over, too! Boring 
YAY, i have only $1600 left in credit debts. Far cry from 2 years ago  so much better, I am only gonna have one credit card for emerg.
@PGH1967 nice! Fragrant on that train is it?? Sending sympathy 
Just got back from Asylum... it was great - apart from the organization 
@betharonson i still have to hold off on that. Deadline looming in the very near future 
Starcom, Publicis, IPG Among GM's Top Unsecured Creditors. Bankrupt Automaker Owes Holding Companies and Their Agencies $166.5 Million 
Still can't find ep23.  S Factor's the current alternative - lame show I know, but highly entertaining. And obviously still not studying.
Fire Alarm just happened.. hhmm its cold outside! I should not have on a skirt today! The sun Fooled me! 
Gaah... Alone aiding today... So boring.. 
In the mood to watch &quot;The Truth&quot; even though Gillian makes me cry when she makes Scully cry 
@imagine129 I hear that! Same here! 
Aaaahhhhhh! 1st of the month = Paying Bills 
I fucked it up... I'm sure I failed...  Tomorow next exam... Kill me now...
Stuck on a train to Leeds, with SLOW wifi. Train in front broken down, so we've stopped  can't watch #XboxE3 feed  HEEELP!!
Job Hunting Sucks! 
At Childrens Hosp. Daughter has possible appendicitis. Admitting messed up and thought we were already in triage. 
Six Feet Under marathon is going great, I wish I didn't have to go to class tonight though 
Misery really DOES love company! I don't think I'm miserable enough for most people. 
Left 4 Dead 2, missed opportunity not naming it Left 5 Dead  #e3 #xboxe3
Real bad headache.....saira needs hugs 
Is Happiness really worth this?.... 
@D_Child yup I'm here, yes I have 2 exames tomorrow 
@ThatChrisGore Left4Dead 2 I want it now 
I hurt so much. Fragile heads need great big cuddles. Owwwww. 
I hate being on hold for Financial Aid 
@DMAKron &quot;Warning - this site has been flagged by SURBL and may contain unsolicited content.&quot;  ?? 
I'm getting the feeling Rare aren't going to be here... 
Going swimming after my lil man wakes up!!! Not n a good mood. Tired of spending money. I really need a job!!!! 
@katiekillian Problem is they just keep coming 
#twibble sucks, constant error messages  &quot;Invalid uname/pwd&quot; is the latest even though they're both correct.
I am having one of those &quot;I wish I could start over&quot; days. Same as last week. (sigh).. Not this agaaainnnah!  Aaarrggh.. 
Land down under - one of emmas favourite songs! If only you could hear her singing. 
@muhahahahaz hopefully I'll have that kinda luck soon too. Doubt it though 
@wickedhailey ah thats why I love stephen king ;) I just watched Desperation the other day though, It was soo religious, I was sad 
@tommcfly aww hope it was nice x I'm stuck in bed... Ill and can't move  x the joys of being sick x x
Ugh. Depressing. Things never work out,do they? 
@Bizarre57 yup, and i'll be put downstairs with no signal so ii won't be able to take my laptop and twitter. 
Kill me. I don't wanna do these speeches 
I love Left for dead but can't wait for left for dead 2....really wish this game was for all platforms such as the wii or psp 
Sunbathing all day today was ace  Docs tmorrow tho  xxxx
somebody pre order me Nothing Personal over at Glamour Kills, please?  i'll love you forever.
Stuck in a traffic jam 
@AdoramaPix Same day I ordered my prints and hooked up @LRoux with the code, I got my layoff notice at work. 
Home sick, very boring but I have to rest to get better...  
@sjorourke Suckage   I've found that the only way to deal with TM is to have someone on phone &amp; another on computer
@jonesabi Awww... I'm sorry to hear that... Tough break kiddo 
Awe, that sucks.  i gotta go take pictures soon for yearbook. :/ ;karamarie-la;
@unique77 man...@ least ur on the clock is better than mine. poor Unique... 
@DogStory Prison !.... a life for a life, so unbelievable, repulsive and beyond imagination 
@Janefonda  And don't fret, now I'm 5' 5&quot; on a good day.  Bendable joints'll do that to a person in the end. 
Tragic news about the AF plane that went down 
Deadline was met ... Now I just feel dead 
Annoyed by vending machine logic that states 1 quarter = 5 cents.  
Out of school and at elcoooooo. Scared of my counsler.. 
On my way home to a mountain of laundry and no xbox  Boring night.
Scared shitless about my history exam tomorrow 
Internet has melted at Castle Cloth. Stuck with WAP to try and find out some Raw gossip 
Just got home from work.  Boring first day 
@stephenfry I can only imagine   Overfishing is one thing that no one wants to look at
@filce I know  Bloody tragedy
@BoyBlunder99 Don't you mean counter-strike with zombies part two  Left for dead is teh fail...
@Trace027 Fans but not cool, sadly...   
Mass Effect 2 looks pretty damn immense! Shame I only have a Wii 
I wanted more Mass Effect stuff. 
Just set up the account. &quot;Catastrophic Tidal Destruction&quot; wouldn't fit in the account name. 
Off to see how much i've gained in the last month. Guessing at least 6lbs. 
'The Importance of Being Earnest' has been rudely interrupted by a science revision guide 
also Fuel of War, same kettle of fish, looks really pretty, almost Gears pretty but no depth 
@CllrTim  which ward is yours?  I notice our local playground (Gawber) has just been refurbished.  Slide is now a bit tame though 
No more futon in my room  Also, finally have the national dex. Caught Uxie and Azelf, still working on that pesky Mesprit.
Recovering from small surgical procedure. Wiped me out more than I thought it would. 
@nathanrt Cheer up matey 
Is it true.. Drunk chicks are horny?  sucks I don't drink or go to &quot;bars&quot;
@Kestrel1313 it's my art that I'm not looking forward to. Stretches over 2 days 
So a typical day for me is, waking up, exercising &amp; running &amp; exercising. then watching bootleg movies by myself.  Change that please!! 
Resting from a busy weekend.  Tommorow, up again @ 6 o'clock. 
oh yeah, and I finished &quot;The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao.&quot; I'm sad to say that it was only okay for me. 
Cheer try outs 
My Trill has left!  Counting the days until I can see her again (read: at my wedding).
Longest day a work!  I hate it when the first lands on a monday or friday! Be nice to ur bankers people!
Unhappy to miss a meetg 2nite. Car battery died! By time got help, too late  
Last night, at the wedding, I really hurt my knee. Apparently I was drunk enough that I was able to shrug it off. Killing me today... 
@KatieBethDietel I agree. Panic! = Win. Panic = . . . 
What the fuck. Metal Gear Solid: Rising on the 360? Fuck that. 
@Kelliekk hell yeah I miss them but I'm not alone on that  but if it means world domination Ill suck it up and get the fuck over it
People are trying to make me stop eating Fandangos, so sad  Tired, as always, nothing to do, going sleep xx
Please feel more than free to bring me candy, pain releivers and back scratches. Ill be upstairs with my legs propped up. 
Angry because my mom ruined my stockings 
One step at a time, there's no need to rush... &lt;3 If only Jordin Sparks was right  Stuck doin history and Home Ec C/W at midnight! Sucks!
@kirstiealley True but when U have No Insurance and can't afford it like me..U got 2 do without..I need a Root canal but can't afford it. 
Spin class soon... sans my spin friends 
Killer headache from outerspace 
@hollyvale now I've finished for the night and I'm just before Hungarian Rising  I wanted to finish that chapter 
I want to do some research on Thebes and Nineveh.  Where is the Archaic Dictionary when I need it?  Alone and unused at GWU 
Whole house finally recovering.....bad sickies here last week......cough cough....sniffle sniffle.....  
Dead opossum in the road   
Go to rest,i'm so tired! love ya @AlexaFantasy &amp; showMe_Heaven see you on Madrid! Missing my brother Nicholas too 
Hurt my back again ... Rough start to the week: knee injury yesterday and back pain today ... I'm only 25 
Lack of cholesterol awareness among doctors who smoke  http://bit.ly/KqnyF
Awe that steak was amazin. Listening to grimmy now. I miss colin. 
@hptwilighter Normal people just don't get us nerdfighters. 
Yikes! Just weighed myself. Gained 10 lbs this past month. The fat never settles in the right places though.. I want abs like Scary Spice 
Stuck in traffic 
@LuvMyDJ Cause I havent been in 3 days 
My 5pm meeting with a student was cancelled 'cause he didn't showed up.  Wasted an hour  oh well, back to writing notes
Still can't find that phone. Retracing your steps takes alot of work. Finals this week 
Stuck in school all week!  fuckings sucks!
going to workout!! Left my ipod at work 
I hate my job....i want monies....and eating sometime today would be really  awsome too. Empty bar empty wallet and empty belly 
@Leelian972 Its not found yet n its extremely worrying. Turbulence is a frightening think to experience and I just pray for all e victims 
not enough Mass Effect 2 
Lool yeaaah - Re: kristinejthai: @pauliiinex3 aww i feeel bad for the little boy  ... really this is draggin on! FYL ahaah frkn docs -_-
Worried I may not get the photographer I want 
I seriously hate my brain. Doubt and interpreatation are a big fat mean bastard!!! 
Beautiful day for a bike ride. Too bad the destination is discrimination  #yegbike #bill44
High: getting all the codes entered, whew!! Low: left my leftovers @ home today 
Unlocked all the songs on Guitar Hero: Metallica.  Tried War Ensemble.  Stopped.  Arm in pain. 
@nissanicole I am sad too we won't be able to go to Six Flags. 
Just finished a loooong day @ work today. Reason for my lack of tweets. 
Swimmin in the river yeeeee heeeee  sliced my big toe open though 
@jkaddy Know the feeling Addy...missing them boys 
Blocked at work. I'm locked out of the corporate Wiki. Waiting for shitty Windows software to install. Not annoyed at all, no. 
Sitting here bored at the computer. Real sleepy. Not feeling well 
The Sims 3: Order Details - Status: Waiting on stock.(PreOrders) 
@marklincoln hahahaa...worst weekend weather ever lol Hail storms were cool. we had sick kid on sun, so wasn't practicle in the end 
I can't watch The Return of the King tonight 
I should know not to answer my phone so late in the day. Broken dref dwgs at 5 pm suck, especially if I have to access them over the WAN. 
Homebound...ehhh large people in elevator... 
@PandemicStudios @sledgehammer70 Aww Ill be at school when your giveaways happen 
Aughh... Dear Match . com people... ugh... Orange juice...  That is all...
needs to learn how to serve properly.  Illegal pala ang service na ginagawa ko dati.   http://plurk.com/p/xqg2g
@thinkmaya yes   I just want more ppl to care and also do something about it, really. Silence, apathy, distancing all get to me.
Cry, I missed the massive moshpit on http://www.thesixtyone.com this morning 
Trying to get some pep up to run. Vitamins only work for so long  Reminder: 20% off at GNC every 1st 7 days of every month.
Mind you all of the 8 are much smarter than me. If they cant handle it that only makes me feel that 100% more i cant 
@LoBosworth I'm sorry. Break ups are hard. 
Extra-long walk today to try to clear my mind... it didn't work...  
My boys are headed to football camp and wow do they  need alot of food! Tough for an unemployed chica, need to sell more of my stuff. 
Glued my fingers together working on a project 
@iRockaBerry Movies &amp; Downloads! Sweeter words were never spoken... where? I have a link too but the movies have embedded subs 
Trying to learn &quot;The Whaler&quot; by Thrice on the piano. Harder than I thought. Probably because I took a long break from piano. Bad move 
@create4you, uh hullo? did you just see that one? NO there are NO Low cost dental &quot;clinics&quot; Evn dentistry schools require payment w visit 
Stuck on ideas for seminar 
So i made 300 in like 2 hours of no limit and i have made 65 in 2 hours in Limit... But it is the safe play 
Just watched &quot;Earthlings&quot;. I may or may not have cried. Hint: I totally did 
Dropped my new phone on the pavement. Now my white Incase is scuffed for good 
LONGweekend, LONGday. Exhausted and I think I'm catchin sisters cold.  Amazing DJhero event tonight and I don't think I'm gonna make it 
A Mixture of Excitement, Nervousness, Anger and Ecstaticness. Anger cause' I know that I'll miss the Jonas Lie Chat. 
Snapped my board 
Drunk and at a personal crossroads... That seems to be sadly common 
This one girl will not stop staring at me! I dont have any friends with me to do a booger check  Ill just chalk it up to her being rude.
.........What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball? ......Gagged, that is all back to work......... 
@DaveJMatthews &quot;still here dancing with the GrooGrux King&quot;.....sigh. Powerful. And sad. 
Going to mom's tomorrow. Dreading not seeing Sheeba there.  It will be the first time since she died. I hope I don't cry.
@paulBLG noBody wants to be LoneLy nobOdy wants to Cry my bodys longing 2 hold u so bad it hurts inside 
congrats @justinfication on 1,000 tweets. Catch up, I'm on 5K... 
165 out of 170 on Leed.  Failed.  
@method_es Real sorry. 
Dreading my b having to go to work Tommorow. 
Rays goes down 5-1 in playoff game!  Finish season in 1st place for AL! Season over. 
@mileycyrus Hiding those gorgeous eyes  come on bring them out of there.
Gained 1 Follower. Only good thing of the day 
@SweetTartelette I know - that's the sad thing. Thready coconut memories make me not like the taste of coconut at all. Depressing 
Checkup on the shoes @zbreezy couldnt find them 
@PreThinking just held the Pre display unit at Best Buy. Actual weight and working slideout keyboard.  I'm not going to like the keyboard 
@lalagator your in trouble!!!! Free laberdoodle and u didn't call 
Buying different running shoes made me sad. Reminded me I'm injured. 
TrueAchievements Status Change: Bad Thunderstorms here in Ohio having to play offline 
climbing in bed, reading Breaking Dawn, and going to sleep. back to work tomorrow. boo  goodnight!
@INishaBoo92 best performance organization of year. Boring 
True story.  Drunk woman 1, me 0.  lol
@Human3rror Blogged : Digital Bullets are Just as Harmful as Real Ones : http://churchcrunch.com/?p=4969 //sorry, man. that stinks.  
@kidnoble I'm just dramatical right now. Dealing with my womanly issues. Not a good time of the month 
Blame it on the alcohol.  lololol jk
Tear, Tear, Tear, Tear! Tears, tears go away, come back another day.. 
got burnt a little bit yest  oh well. TIme for sleep now, my twittering friends!
Awake already...  Not good.   
@tommcfly  Fine Fine dont reply bad man 
Left side of chest hurts...gna swing by makati med after lunch for a quick check-up 
@JonathanRKnight Same - it's a tragedy 
@jenmurse That's how my last pair of chucks died too. Worn til the end... 
Wishes she could afford Laurell K. Hamilton(LKHamilton)'s&quot;Skin Trade&quot;. Released today. 
Wishes she could afford @LKHamilton 's&quot;Skin Trade&quot;. Released today. 
@wafflelovesme I have only three Nylon magazines too! Like, fudge! Haha, I tried to look in Book Sale &amp;&amp; Filbar`s, wala sila. 
is a busy bee. Stuck at home all week editing. I wish this tatt would hurry up and heal so I can venture into the outside world! 
There is a reason Microsoft word has a Save button. I learnt that reason the hard way. ~*sigh*~ and back to pg 1  Defeat is not an option
@JonathanRKnight  Realistic is no fun if we have to turn back into boring old ladies w/ out you guys around!!   LOL
Focus is very groggy from my surgery  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/4785080
So bummed out right now that after tonight I dont know whenthe next time Ill see mybest friend is 
I seem to have left my Drivers License behind somewhere. Forgot to put it back in my wallet after entering security. No beer with dinner. 
@CherillKeynes OMD. I cried so much over that film! I even cried while reading the book.   Brilliant story.
downloading the Death Proof soundtrack. Applying for work at CVS, Taco Bell didn't have any openings online. 
@Slip_n_Slide hey girlie, I am off to bed now  But have a good night and I shall talk to you tomorrow if that is okay. *hugs*
Overtime 
Re-reading some old stuff :-/ I think I just made myself sad 
@monikamanchanda I'm trying...! Evs is sick too  (not with swine flu lol). It's getting ridiculous
@IMBurgalicious  watching &quot;operation repo&quot;.  Salivating over Froy.  Haha...gots work in the morning.  
@CrunchyK welcome to the psychotic world of Nkotb stalkers. They dig thru garbage cans, stalk your house and kids bus stops. Careful. 
Tyler: What did everyone think of the #E3 Left 4 Dead 2 trailer? http://tinyurl.com/lvm4ak I was foolishly hoping to see Portal 2. 
I'm having probably the worst night of my life. Nowhere for me to crash for the night; probably sleeping in the sky lounge.  
Watching A Perfect Storm... it's at the part where he goes overboard--I HATE this part 
Still have Lyrics and Chord Progression Block. 
@RikRay Left shoulder.... sigh! And no climbing for me for awhile. 
@Jaaycooxo Awww  Strange how the tiniest little cut can hurt worse than a bad one!
Locked outside my apt in the blistering cold 
@firstshowing Clash of the Titans remake??! nnnnnnnnoooooooo  
Wishes he could cheer his gf up 
Sleepy  Regret booking my dentist appt for this early... what was I thinking????!!!
Advice, I need some and there's no one to talk to and no one online. I'm actually really scared for my sister 
Medical Advice: Close the drain of the sink if it's your last pill and you forgot to renew the script. 
Break statements are rather confusing sometimes, just like z-indexes 
@kwiechers @kirstiealley Heard they didn't renew Medium....upsetting 
@bandgeek4747 Story of my life. What happened this time? 
Ouch! Scratched eyeball when I opened my left eye and can see precisely fsck all 
@Arsenic_Suicide why is it hard to watch? I love that show, well not as of lately since Grissom left the show just isnt the same 
On my way to the dentist. Piece of one of my molars broke off 
Missed the 7o4 radio show for work and sick kiddo. Waiting to hear if I need to tale him to Childrens.  uuggghhhhh
Writing the text f/ the Babylon Falling report f/ Fecal Face.. this is probably going to be uber-sappy.  Gonna miss that bookstore.
@anoela1336 Refreshing my Gogamer order like a madwoman, it still says it's processing.  
sadly, after issue #55 I'm losing interest in The Walking Dead series. 
At dufan!!!! Waiting for my friends to order the foods! Its so crowded and hot  I'm with @missVinski, @bella_dv, and @michellycious!!
What is the point of advertising a Grand Round 'Can liver xenotransplant bridge patients in liver failure?' 1 hr after it finished.  Pity 
Extra sleepy this morning  another long busy day at work must wake up
Recovery Run 6km. Under-Achieved: 4 x 0.71km = 2.84km 
@im_geelow you slapped me and it hurt and you knocked my dg glasses of ruuuuuude  noooot happpy.... Period.
Left gym .. feeling tired, was first day back after 2 weeks and got slight pain in my back   so now walking into work
Spilled the chocolate milk in my truck 
This is how far I got. Disappointing effort indeed  - http://twitpic.com/6gb52
@melodyjae Ruin all my rapish fun 
Flu'ed up to the hilt's. Listening to ibizasonica radio. No lucozade no orange juice 
can't believe it. Caught myself a proper cold...stupid timing. 
Waaaah hayfever explosion today   Non-stop sneezing with added bonus itchy and runny nose. Unimpressed.
No Catchup Class tonight peeps. 
@delamarRX931 Same here, Delle. I'm sad and disappointed. Excitement for my official vacation in Bangkok plunges down  We'll get by, sana.
The Chat has sucked for the past 3 days  http://is.gd/M42C
Gutted phone still does not work  gonna have to be a trip to the t mobile shop me thinks!
im going to read more Dead to the World then fall asleep, peace out! and oh crap i have a bruise on my arm 
Nightmare...........  Dreams are pointless most of the time.
Crappy paper: check, Extra credit: check, Three more finals: Not check 
How can I feel so Ill on such a nice day 
Hub has decided going 2 bed early is good (we're night owls). Trouble is, he's sleep as soon as his head hits the pillow &amp; I'm wide awake 
Wide awake and it's 130 am. What's wrong with me? 
@jennaburgus True. I guess I'm just not on top of my make-up game these days.  
I have Overtime Guilt 
@heyoceanband Re: @ThePeak. I know the feeling. 
Stuck in traffic 
Another day ... another penny! Stuck inside on prob the only hot week we'll have all year 
oh no.. we lost another good band to Nuclear Blast. 
Stiff from yesterdays 3.75 run, its sucks for your joints to get old 
Flight's been delayed by nearly an hour.   Free wifi has made it bearable.
Stuck in a situation and doesn't know how to get out  I guess I was meant to grow up this way.
@filce pah. Clear blue skies  no fair!
Morning peeps, looks like another hot one.  Perfect office weather 
I hate facebook quizzes. They are so many out there  . Tired of hiding them. #facebook
Nothing in particular to tweet about today  Boring life.
Stuck at home again.  I really want to go out.
Currently celebrating! Cause GCE 'O' Lvl MT is over! Had English Prelims oral, Sa-weet! Remedials tomorrowwwwww 
Wanted to go to the office, too much traffic still, staying at home. Behind on email and todo's 
Slow slow internet.. So very easy to exceed the dl limit.. 
 avenged, I do miss you. a lot. I'm comparing Streets to A Little Piece Of Heaven for my assessment &gt;.&lt;
Waiting for the hearing to begin. Bit nervous cuz i'm totally overdressed 
Faxed my application form and credentials to a bank for a personal loan. Badly need money for my sons' tuition fees 
@VodafoneUK waiting for delivery of my netbook. Stuck in when there is sun outside 
Getting prepared for Antigua. Bit nervous about flying on my own now 
Wide awake, didn't like my dreams 
@ekoweghan Run fell through  really you should come back soon
@talk2donboy lol it really is...Random thought dis is ur first time replyin to me ever since I started followin u! u been over lookin me! 
Complete waste of time. Gas man turns up and tells me my boiler is obsolete and they won't support it 
Hard disk failure on my linux server (mail, www, files) after a big outage. Messing with it now. 
Upset tummy... Feeling quite sick 
16 mile bike ride last night, rtn after food+drinks with @simonwheatley (and uphill). Realise tho that lots of people run this with ease 
I really wanna play Steps today cos it's like sooo sunny but Stewie my producer won't let me. He's such a spoilsport 
Addicted. Email 
Spy an assistant trying to sell an old granny on 800 a month a current account plus.They have no shame the co op 
Inside, looking out 
Just relaxing and watching some Home Movies.  I miss that show.  
class tonight... can't watch The Ultimatum!!!     
Ill mike is ill. 
the only thing that i can be Proud of &quot;now&quot; is my Religion , i know that sad  :'(
@purplebint Just in time for my complaint. Left it too late I guess 
Corrupted memory card in my camera = 
@bullyinguk : no matter how clean you are, someone will fling mud.  Hurtful I know. 
@theBrandiCyrus Strange Things happen ... 
@missdmaree no I like the sun. Chilling in the garden listening to records, swinging on the hammock. But dressed in black. No a/c at work 
@RJay45 Afraid I can't make it, sucks 
 I don't wanna go to work.... Tired and I miss my papi 
There tis stupid guy snoring so lovely behind me in the bus. Noisy 
@KirstieMAllsopp Disappointed that he is the only one of 5 gays on MSN right now to immediately recognise Kirstie's Homemade Home 
SHOCK ! Suicide Child Already Dead...   http://alturl.com/drrq
Just sitting here, drinking a cuppucino, listens to The Mixed Tape, and reflecting on how painful and crappy my day was! 
@MissXash Same here  though yesterday was a very very very intense day for me  emotionally and physically 
Beautiful day outside and I'm stuck doing my expenses  http://myloc.me/2lUw
Shit. Meant to delete all READ messages. Deleted entire inbox. No night tweets for me. 
Honest to goodness, I would love someone to come and look after me today. 
Still exhausted from Asylum, but my little one skipped her nap, so no shut-eye for me, too 
@kmiller575 ~ I'll show you this weekend. Dealing with very bad migraine - stayed home yesterday &amp; am staying home today 
I hate sitting down and not realising a giant spider has sat down next to you. Horrified. 
Just woke up to 32 Unread emails 
Man.. I went hard this weekend. Checkin the Scale is like checkin my bank account. I don't wanna see this weekends damage!! 
I jsut ruined my green trousers  Bloody nosebleeds, maybe I need to speak to the doctor...
Debris of air france flight found. 
2 hours of 5-a-side football tomorrow... can't wait! Dealing with lack-of-sunday-league-itis and no more footy on TV 
amazon or Deutsche Post? Who  lost my book? 
It's a shame that I work this morning and can't watch the whole Burn Notice marathon 
Hard core revision for me today 
Still 29 Celsius inside. Hunger is gone because it's so hot inside. And I can't open a window because of that construction site 
Devastation...I accidentally sent out a release with errors in it 
Beautiful day outside, but stuck in labs revising 
#inappropriatemovies &quot;Alive&quot; re:the missing plane 
Working from home... radio in the 4Runner is jacked up so it is at the dealers 
very hard to be motivated when it's sunny outside . Lack of concentration = coding errors  but all fixed now.
Finally, I made it to work, she just got finished talkin about her drinkin prob. &amp; how her childs father called Child prot service on her 
is still waiting for his Dream Theater tickets and his Pain Of Salvation shirts, both of which should have arrived by now 
Whole full ass day of Bio lab 
Ill miss everyone i promise! 
Why am I so tired? I think I will just have to nap right now. Napping will stop me stressing about exam and new school, tomorrow. 
*sigh* Incoming QQ about the Chaos Bolt bug fix. 
@fissijo OUCH! Mind I was awake at that ungodly hour this morning, along with every other hour overnight. 
Scrolling, Loading has become very sluggish in @tweet_genius..also it's sucking the battery out on my Bold 
is starting another early day, i can't wait until friday, i'll finally be able to sleep. Exhausted. 
@JadoreMarmite Same..can't say I have any great respect for many politicians at the moment though 
@LukesBeard Links not working for me 
@I_enigma U actually expose film to light during processing if light goes out it stuffs up those frames that pass x Feet/min cust 
Left wondering after watching that doco about what will the next few years bring for those war tormented places 
Still no sim card arrival. Stuck without a phone for nearly two weeks now. 
Destroyed my phone in a fit of rage.    Disappointment seems to rain on me this week.  I feel like going to sleep for a few days.
Virus on my laptop.   Combined with long boot times.  Safe Mode registry searching fun on the horizon.
is sill trying to recover from this damn cold!!!  Wasted the whole long weekend in bed sick as a dog 
Dream: we talked sitting back to back for hours on end.  life was good. Wake up to lies. #fml
@AnneAAM you should! i LOVE Prison Break.i only have till ep 5   .
Its sooo hot. Far too nice to be stuck indoors working 
Re-asking myself: Has your journalism brought change? 
Empty beer  http://twitpic.com/6gmfu
'And Then Came Death' http://snurl.com/j9x2g &lt;-- Whale Death 
Not feeling well. Stuck @ home all day. 
Broken my mobile teflone 
Is trying to figure how to work this thing out?! Confused 
Crash site surfaced.  Praying for the families of lost ones.
Scared today - I have to go to a trade show and potentially face a customer who made a threat against my boss yesterday  *whimper*
oh shit. Debris has been found (including seats) floating around the atlantic ocean. I hope there are at least some survivors 
Now this is really cool: 29 Amazing Long Exposure Pictures - http://bit.ly/17pePV - need a better camera to do that  via @paulogabriel
is seeing clouds  Gutted.
Left cricket n nobbs at the vet  http://ff.im/-3v2v8
@JuliaLivesey I wish I could go outside and garden. Stuck in office instead 
Caught in the rain with no umbrella 
Goodmorning summer school.  Shoot me now I hate spanish ughhh
Unidentified wreckage!!! aaahhhh  I do not want to fly this month and go missing 
Goodmorning. Why was it just raining??  Wth?
Awake on my day off. No car  I don't know what I'm going to do yet
is feeling the heat... Melting like a cube of ice 
@XanthViper Dead space is cool and all, but big announcements from console maker that comprises solely of that is weaksauce 
@falnfenix That's okay, most people probably think they suck now. I sure do. Re: friend - oh, man! 
I don't feel like facing the world today!  just the vet for me, thank you. I just want to stay home &amp; read. In bed. With my cat. Save me!
Note of Warning - if your voice ever starts getting raspy, don't keep talking. You will end up w/ laryngitis &amp; no voice. Like me. 
it is kind of sunny out right now. Doubt it will last long 
Congested 
Alone in the office today  Break the silence and the boredom of admin stuff by distantly watching Roland Garros online...
@Redfrettchen I wish I had a cool anagram. But I don't. Boring 
Stuck at college on utube arr 
Stuck at the front desk all day today  no fun
I Wish i didn't have an exam tomorrow.. I don't want to go in  Home early i think ahaha. No way is that umpa lumpa keeping me in! &gt;=(
Dreary today - no going to the park 
@DonnieWahlberg Am a High School teach &amp; just started Summer Break, whoo! But also have Lupus and it's a bad pain day. Stuck on Couch 
@airr3ca Where did you get the info on &quot;Operation Repo&quot; being staged? I'm so depressed now 
Annoyed at phantom code on #hadoop, despite recompiling and checking that the code is correct, the new println's just aren't showing up 
@DevilsRefugee Hotter than ever here - have had to abandon the garden office for today! 
AHHH work!!  Slow down so I can have a fighting chance to catch up!! 
Waited a day to see if I feel any better about Valve's surprising Left 4 Dead 2 announcement yesterday. I don't unfortunately 
Stuck inside until all my pants are out of the drier.  
Awake... already... drank too much water to sleep past 9 last night apparently 
@Vrghr Tough break, wuff 
Feet are all cut due to the smashed bottles at the bottom of the waterfall 
beef is no good @awesomerita...it makes the tummy go bad...   veggies are great so are Sins' shrimp.
@ThingsMomsLike I hate snakes. And I live out in the country (Sort of) so we have our fair share 
@jamesbender Empty proxy code... only in certain situations... can't figure out why or what those situations are.  No error messages 
Fridays day off cancelled due to Counsel consults.  No finish will turn into late finish.  Deep joy 
Genuine ink cartridges are so expensive, but I don't want to use crappy replacement ink. 
@foodgeek14 She's been fantastic. Afraid to see what American tennis is goin to look like after the sisters go! We've got nothin. 
Excited to get my new white mesh riding jacket...today's ride home in a black jacket will not be cool (pun intended)...89 right now... 
@deadlyhouses Sure! I'll see what I can do! Why? Tired of work? I'm headed there myself. 
Not too happy bout this Healthy Choice lunch 
@oliviamunn Resisting the urge to make a joke about soap being dropped ... oh damn, just did 
@hmgarrison Right? Boring picture &amp; art and the face should have been red, idk 
Stuck at work until 830 
The school system sets out to traumatize me a little more each year. I don't want to see people on fire, thank you very much. Panic - me 
I bought chicken thighs instead of edible chicken.  This makes me cry.  Frozen pizza for me tonight then 
Motherfucking Revision.  aww well.  seems i won't be going on a trip tomorrow after all     Current Band -... http://tinyurl.com/qq48dv
Just made tacos, only to discover there's no more cheese left. Disappointing.  #fail
Flunked the speaking part if the spanish final 
Raining. Cold.  Working Morella St this morning   Better dig out my gumboots.
Exhausted and starving and my trainer just yelled at me for not eating  I need a hug
working from home is not as much fun if there's no Deadliest Catch marathon going on 
It's kind of weird to listen to &quot;Blame It&quot; without the kid here... he isn't around to sing with it.  
@WhySo_Serious &gt;_&lt; What was it about, if you dont mind me asking? And dont let it get to you &lt;3 
is headed to hospital for another visit...nothing really new to report. Waiting, I guess. 
Brace is hurting quite a bitt 
Says her stomach hurts really bad and feels sick. Kill me 
@recsat LOL. Yeeeessss. Hard work. I may be a lady of leisure at the minute, but I do remember what it is... but today was manual labour 
Stuck at home doing laundry!! Why do I procrastinate &amp; build mounds of laundry??? 
Oh no it's state of origin time. Cockroaches &amp; Toads Ill stick my head in the sand for a while realize there's nothing else on the box 
Cramped up towards the end of my run 
Sleeping alone for the first time in nearly two weeks. Safe to say i don't like it 
@kayoungche you're seeing No Doubt outside?  I think you'll need to take an umbrella   anyway, have fun!
Worried bout me health cuz I dated a whore 
Stuck in traffic!!  
@Angry_Pangolin no more tea  makes me sad, but must be done.
BORREEEDDD!!! Annoyed with myself because i have done badly in all my exams so far 
Cramps= Period= Mood Swings= No bueno 
Jury duty letter came 
Awe nobody wants to talk to me 
Graduated, yet I am still in a classroom 
@theguyjb You want to go to the game? It starts in 1 minute, it's raining, and I'm about to work out. Wasted tickets 
Relief teaching again today. Five days in a fortnight - I'm gonna enjoy this pay! What's that, car insurance due? 
Awe  haha.
Ugh. Real jobs totally get in the way of dream jobs / hobbies!!! 
Happy Feet HD has finished!, also been looking at some glitches for Zombie mode on Call Of Duty: World @ War on PS3, but no luck 
Effing Kill Screen, man! #wiebe 
I whacked my head pretty dammed hard the other day. Left a big ass scar. 
ow... pobre colmillo. Rest in peace 
http://twitpic.com/6i51z - Stuck in traffic 
N.Y. Senators Polled on Marriage Vote: ONLY 20 of 62 stand for marriage equality  http://tinyurl.com/pvykn8
@misscascilla i really am beginning to love this twitter shit!! Hooked it up to my phone. I miss u boo!!! 
Angry with my husband 
Burned my wrist IN the oven.  It hurts and looks yuck-y. sniffle-pout
Blacked out at the beach   Feeling very sick.
Longest day ever! I am in production hell 
@moondio No! Boredom is not an option! 
@CommieWench Cry, scream, sing, write, exercise... any of the above? Weak advice, I'm sure, but... That sucks. I'm sorry.  *hugs*
@SilasCarder @RiverKanoff I think it's safe to say the Enemy is really at work. And as always, he's doing a good job 
@phoenixstan That is why her hand was taped up. Tough break  
@rowan72 Awe @tygr20 is left out 
@giftigeseele this is true. I guess they don't like me very much. and I won't have an xbox or computer to play Left 4 Dead 2 
Working on my new photography site. Experimenting with template themes. I haven't done web designing in ages!  http://tinyurl.com/r9qf4r
Everyday is a friday the 13th for me 
@vic_toria Funnel clouds = find shelter fast! By the time one touches down it might be too late to run. Sons think they're invincible. 
Showertime... Alone 
I wanna go see The Breakup 
Afraid to visit our barangay's police station.. 
Sitting at Home working ! 
A bit of poker tonight, 45 man $6.50 SNG, I came in 4th.  Trip to vegas next week might not happen 
@DavidGuison 3K for a set, (I think 12 pens per set, I`m not really sure) They`re fat pens! HAHA! 2 tip I think. I waaant  Pricey! HAHA
Goal failed  ohhhh no!
I wish they can release Guilty Pleasure in the Philippines.,. 
Sitting behind a few Japanese tourists as people stumble through spelling &quot;Wakamatsu&quot; on the jumbo-tron. ...Face:palm... 
reading Be the Pack Leader... in bed... I has a headache 
Night of the Living Bogans: Part 2 
@rosellaine I've been wanting to bake some! Problem is noone will eat it at homw but me 
My Twibble isn't working anymore!  Heavy chest again...
love your abstract thinking....but sorry no...starbucks? and maybe Ill let you sneak a peak...ok, not seriously 
Dead tired  This is going to be a long maintenance window!
 twitter will not let me change my background image. Deleted the old one and now it won't let me post a new one. sadness...
Exhausted and WIRED.  #fb
@Yra80 please do. Cause I would like to be able to chat with u via skype. I miss u 
.@wagnermr14 negative ghostrider; was making my tummy full. Discovered a great new Belltown restaurant; forgot what it's called though 
Worried that my husband is so obsessed with friggin twitter that he pays more attention to it !!!!  #unloved
I was....Left 4 Dead once again  I will be rescued someday!!!
@purplehayz guitar? I do! So badly! Cause i write songs but i don't know how to play.. 
Overwhelmed. I don't want to wait until the 15th. 
@CHRISDJMOYLES Snap the thought of a 12/14 hour day is not good 
@diannepg Spin teacher said she wants to hook her friend in class up with man outside class. Looked, it was dude I crush on.   I'm lame.
@vodafoneNZ Make a Credit Card Payment for prepay is showing an error - Remote portlet Error Page, can't top up online 
In school. So warm again ! Boring 
Dead silence makes you hear the truth. 
Thanks to my 4 hour nap I can't sleep and I'm craving for pancakes  ... LoL... Ill just watch tivo till I knock out!
Worried that the storms rolling in are going to blow the dove's nest out of our baby tree. 
Fastest hour of my life 
I don't understand why twitter won't let me post pictures. Weak 
@kwill15 I Know I'm Having The Same Problem 
Away from my wife on our 18th anniversary  sad
Porn, please stop following me on twitter. 
Porn, please stop following me on twitter. 
thinking about why im not attractive. and why i cant get a guy to notice me.Confidence and self esteem are slowly going down. 
Tripped and fell and broke skin on both knees, owwie  but people were so nice to help and ask me if i'm oki.. &lt;3
That is a mighty fine pile of used tissues in the bin. Nose still running. Mind you, it's Home Brand tissues so my nose is red &amp; sore. 
I hope Celebs reply on my posts 
It didn't rain after all  on my way home from work. Tired but good!
@DivaDusty I'm just not used to it yet, trying to play as the Infected tends to be a bit maddening at times 
@syazanaa I'm hungry la.  Healthy food is SO not satisfying.
Bah. It's a no-go for that Customs &amp; Border Protection Graduate Position. 
Played Resident Evil 4 for about 7 hours today. t's addicting 
Rolled my ankle doing squats  http://yfrog.com/6eoa2j
Really upset. Wish i had someone to talk to. Hating this hospital room more and more.  ugh!
Going to watch terminator: salvation with leen! And she's angry with me... Stepped on my feet!! 
@SpikedEffect Yes. Noisy guests last nite in hotel meant v interrupted sleep. 
Stuck in traffic. Wish I had coffee 
no word of approval (yet) on my submission. Waiting sucks 
Dreaming of cool swimming pools, cool beer &amp; cool summer clothing. Reality- hot store/windows, hot coffee &amp; hot black uniform 
Stuck in traffic. 
MOT day  Expensive...
recession @ Cannes: Cannes Lions Entries Sink 20%  http://bit.ly/ID6C9  less is more [creative] i guess... 
Safe to say that I had my face melted off twice tonight. 1st time, courtesy of SSSC, followed by NIN. Might have been for the last time 
Hard swim last night - ended up with cramp in the foot, not a good sign 
@fortheloveofire Fate fucked me over. 
Seriously! Sleeping pattern is messed up. Awake at 3:30am... gotta be up in 4 hours 
@BadAsh77 Same here. Crashes constantly! 
I get very nervous whenever I hear of plane crashes, given that my li'l bro is a freshly minted pilot  Iffy territory, it seems.
@Johnathonhock O.O   Confusion/Sadness is setting in... 
@onion2k Shame, I understand the FTP (Far-reaching Tickle Protocol) part was working too. 
Also, the roommates left stale tater tots in place of chicken nuggets. Disappointment. 
Save me im feeling so alone..  i miss that one guy... ya kno.
Last night's install-fest dragged a little. Installing git-core through macports must have taken at least an hr. Slow net connection cap 
@mizzphatbooty21 yes u did  I'm layin on my bed watchin Fast and Furious u?
Qulit on and wishing the sun would shine, by this weekend. Enough rain! 
@alexdreamz Story of my life 
2 weeks hols? Ugh, need some help here. Dying of boredom 
Foggy but humid today. Where has the sun gone? I guess that means working rather than sitting in the garden sipping sangria then 
is a little happier today... Apart frm the fact i got a poorly doggy... Trip to the vet me thinks... 
Pointless... 
Left her ticket at home like a spod today - cue over an hour of walking back and forth to get it 
Typically Gloomy weather  I miss the sun
'DeathNote' movie sucked big time! A Disgrace to d classic anime 
Gahhh I hate exams...I really do! True fact, I'm not lying! They can go die 
This is how I usually look. Problem is, I've left the house already&amp;dont think I have anything with me  http://twitpic.com/6it7l
How lame is it that I'm terrified of thunder and lightning? Scale of 1-10? Haha. 
The Doctor Who Forum is closing. I am bereft. 
@JanisSharp abit of cake wont hurt. I'm feeling distinctly yukky this am.  Blaming it on meds. 3 days 2 go. 
Weak rain..it lasted a minute so it probably added filth to my car 
Giving up on installing Movable Type 
Immune ststem fail  I have a fever
@seomoz Having problems with the &quot;Keyword Difficulty&quot; Tool :| any news on this? lots of problems lately I am afraid... slightly concerned 
Full day in meetings, again! 
Scared of thunder  I can never get sleeep.
Boss asked me to make greeting cards for sending out to bosses ! For free 
@SuzieBorhan im so sorry i hv to miss the kickboxing. Problem is if i go nanti i kemponan jst looking at u all kickin ass  n i cant 
just had a phone call from the police to say they can't prove who vandalised my car - Gutted 
The Killing Fields is creeping me out...people during WW2 where so twiter and mentally tapped...why would you kill 200,000 ppl 
@licksharder did you know the link to your site that you have posted doesn't work. Meant to tell you that last night. Memory is crap 
I'm all out of flip flops   ......Disaster
Awake @ 6 freaking a.m.  Couldn't sleep
Ah crap. Reset the clock. 3.5 hours on first go. That's bad 
Awake! The week is half over yay!!! Shower time! Its the last time I get to see a certain someone.    
@cymberrain Same, I tot small needles r better, in fact they hurt more. 
Origin alone at home with no beer! Wrong I tells ya!  C'mon Blues!!!
is mourning the death of Page Rank Sculpting, *shakes fist at google* stop moving the goal posts!!! 
@weldeiry just curious...solid tumor service or &quot;liquid&quot;?  Hard day either way 
Expired milk   puke
@JenniferSmithCo last time the motherboard fried because it overheated. Same symptoms this time. Warrantee expired too 
http://twitpic.com/6iwbr - Careful, I'm armed. I'm supposed to be a mature adult 
Knocked out Clumsy before crashing, but I's got's to be up @ 8! What's an insomniac to do? 
Play on Playststion 3? fun but incredible waste of time, and no sun  #ThingsToDoOnYourOwn Http://the-port.co.uk
getting ready to leave for my French Listening exam. 
Gutted about d change in weather  at least i wont get sun burnt lol
Stupidly squashed my finger with a weight at the gym this morning. Bit bruised now 
Home. Going out again after.. This. Naleh. 
Four Year Strong are rocking my world on this sunny day when i am stuck inside with nothing to do 
@tapatmywindow twitter doesnt like to work on my phone no more  Ill go check out the lineup now 
@agirlcalledm True  Depressing thought! We are all too busy to enjoy life as it should be.
was anyone else aware that there were elections tomorrow? I've received no mail about it whatsoever... Bit sucky? 
@lmgtfy thumbs up   Bit like a shit sandwich tho warning of the once only use 
Rebeccaeward Awe I hope the lil guy is ok. 
It's a grey day here today, and my damn phone hasn't arrived.  Doubt if it will till tomorrow now 
@rogueevents Booked #Asylum4! yay! gutted i didnt get tickets to last weekend  reeeally hope you work your magic&amp;get jensen&amp;jared again!x
@MattehPee doesn't say anything  he talks to Americans alot. Betraying basterd! LOL ... Waiting for chasers, hurry up! :@
Ugh. Awake early and not feeling so hot. 
English exam tomorrow. Nervous 
Uggg. Tired and very hungry  have a breakfast meeting, I guess I will just have to wait..
Rise n shine Shine n rise sunshine  but I don't wanna  this bed is so comfortable.
A Levels in 14 days  Waiting for holidays with so much impatience.
Seeing grown men cry because of the torture theyre subjected to on Solitary is kinda heartbreaking 
@luke uurrrghh!  Rough isn't it? You guys get mags full of hotties and we get  skinny emos. Gag!!  get your hat on and get over there :-P
@TortureGarden Tired, busy, frazzled, overstimulated 
Itunes shopping Spree - whey boy. like a girl in a shoe store, i want that one. that 1 , that 1 , that 1 - how did that come 2 so much 
Awake but not feeling too great. 
Awake! I can't sleep anymore. I'm still sick and every joint in my body is huirting!  
Ugh, never mind, I figured out that I have to do that at Bluehost now...I thought the two were seperate. Lack of sleep doing this launch. 
no internet here at work today  so i cant blip. Stuck being mobil all day, wonder how long my battery will last!
@Plambey Afraid not 
6 days... to go  I want the full &quot;One and the Same&quot; leak damn it!
Alone in the office 
Scared of swine flu especially it's already in my country AND my hometown, i think.  I hate diseases! I mean, who doesn't? They suck! &gt;:/
Last full day of work with the kids   &lt;Ill show u hood&gt;
&quot;Dead man walking&quot;...the dreaded drive home from the beach. 
Found out Npower set monthly bill for energy at about 1/3 of what it should have been last yr. Now owe them a fortune  Adult life SUCKS!
Full government disclosure on nukes. Http://tinyurl.com/qdja44 Yay?  ?
kp on way back from Scotland. ive bn on Heli Lesson 6 &amp; felt lk I had gone back a bit  Apparently, it was a stronger wind, but still 
@tmmusicpr I fear my finances may prevent me from attending  Looks good though - her and her Shapes are great live...
Load shedding coming back  #mallu #kerala
@shen88 You too are fake..  :X ... Disguising your links to be something else.
So sick!!! Feeling really bad  and later i have 2 go to the bank...But i can hardly wait for Workout....I really love it!!!
Of course ... some of my favorites are on here   &quot;What Chain-Food Favorites Cost in Exercise&quot; - http://tinyurl.com/pn8r4l
Which is why I am glad they called this tour the Full Service Tour!! Means I should hear it, didn't sing it during Summertime tour. 
I am so sad...... no &quot;Full Sevice&quot;for me 
Gutted that after 10 or so years of healthy growth, my yucca plant has snapped and died....  
Alone in office so made some microwave popcorn - suddenly everyone's visiting me 
Is sitting aeound the house with my little man. About to get ill with a certain someone and i rarely get frustrated! Confused.  
Is sitting around the house with my little man. About to get ill with a certain someone and i rarely get frustrated! Confused. 
Longest day ever. And its only just begun 
@legacy62 to an end you know, I was sad when I was almost done with Breaking Dawn, and I am sad that I am almost done with this one. 
Dream job has always been photography well dream job I knew I'd actually go after. And now I'm too lazy to market myself 
@katchapman Lots of lack of courtesy going on over there  Not cool. Stand your ground!
Whole family woke up 45 minutes ago, son was to be @ school an hour ago ... 
Cooler today and cloudy 
He's gone.  Empty fields are boring.
@ChazzyCat I don't think it would work  Bit gastric. Ewwwwwww.
hopes she can find No Doubt tickets.  http://plurk.com/p/y5ri4
Sex objectification == ... pinnacle of clever branding? Seriously?  #crcat
My stomach feels like someone has been punching it  Mean ol' bastid...
@wnas every friday is one of those days for me.. or at least ..it should be. Problem with those days is, they don't pay the bills 
Last last day of school. Exciting but somewhat depressing 
SUPER easy pe test ! Scared for biology  my stupid self didn't study.
:  In other news the blackberry is on the fritz...    Free upgrade?  You best believe I will try...
Broken finger from the animal I was marking for camogie match last thurs 
Shots are not fun. 
Gutted my guitar tutor didnt come 
I want some Game Fuel but I can't find any. 
Calm. I have to stay calm now ....  x
Schools over  gonna miss the teachers ... High school next year !
Aww I really dressed for summer today and it tured cold, just as I have to walk home  Bloody freezing!
@HeatherChirps couldnt get pre sale. Not avil to me, nice to disclaimer though huh? jerks. Normal sales 6/6 gotta wait 
Slow at work 
It actually wasnt that nice  Swift Hound = Fail! But I did get my lemon! (Y)
Trip to the pool.. Mission failed.. We were locked out and its starting to rain.. What a fabulous day 
@Squigglicious Catching up on my PFA epsiodes while working, and I just realized that I missed the deadline for the voicemail message! 
@ da Docs office n its full 
Locked out the house.  dad should be back soon though 
With my pc not letting me download files and open old ones I may have to rewrite episodes 1 and 2 of Cell Saga Parody 
@greenbean55 Count yourself lucky you didnt have to talk to him ... He smelt so bad 
Same hustle different day. Highly caffeinated and feeling anxiouuus!  (:/: 
@mishacollins  tommcfly 41921 Votes.Misha 25059 Vote. 
http://twitpic.com/6jid4 - I want in! But I can't yet. Waiting for a new filter. 
Cleaning my office. Worried about lack of steady work 
Home. Don't feel good 
@sarahmilcetic Boring as hell  I gotta come back and find you guys soon...
@pmgreco thank u!! Ill miss my dog 
Just now reading that David Carradine died.  Surprised that &quot;Five Point Palm Exploding Heart Technique&quot; is not top trending topic.
Dead frogs smell amazing 
&quot;Reading Ultimatum is like having your brother root your toy box, takes out your favorites and smash them together.&quot; &lt;--- Es cierto 
I've still not unpacked from Asylum though, took the necessities out but the rest is still sitting there 
Ripped my shorts playing street hockey 
@pink_tee are all gone!!! in less than ten minutes its ridiculous!!! i am so sad! it was Free! and i cant afford their world tour tix 
@belladonna20 Same old same old - gearing up for a big night out tomorrow, when of course the sun is expected to be gone  Any wkend plans?
Looking for the book &quot;Cop Without A Badge&quot; can't find it anywhere 
I just hope that Brutal Legend gets released on time 
@sillymichy that's some crazy shit. lol shouldn't have been standing next to a tree during a thunder storm. Harsh. 
@homeandhosed Bit rude 
@Demandadabarber Greatest restaurant ever. We used to have 1 here. Then it closed &amp; they started showing commercials constantly. Low blow 
@KassanLeavens You will all be driving before I do!  Walking? Peaceful. Memorable. Rememberable.
@twitter okay, i havn't recieved a text update to my phone in nearly 24 hours. Fix it please 
UST: Deferment of the Opening of Classes for the A.Y. 2009-2010  http://ustcsc0910.multiply.com/journal/item/31/ Boohoo! 
just purchased an antec laptop cooler on buy.com. Tired of my laptop turning off (due to overheating) 
Worried about suki. . . 
i missed the Season Premier of Burn Notice  i fell asleeep earlier
Slow downloads depress me 
says ohhh my good lordy  I'm being dragged to True Fitness tomorrow by mummmmyyyyy (tears) Why can't she jus... http://plurk.com/p/yoo83
@RainbowAnne YEah lol 
Checked on Tiger's scorecard today: birdie, bogey, birdie, bogey, bogey, bogey and now in the water. Down the leaderboard he goes. 
@solarpowerspork I hate being suddenly and unexpectedly woken up! Ruins my day 
Working! Slow day bc of the rain! 
Daughter is sick and with her father. I have been asking for an update since yesterday. Ask me if I know how or where she even is. 
A lack of tweets recently due to flu an ulcerated throat and a chest infection. Normal service soon hopefully. Missed #ebethchallenge too 
Rare rain and thunder hits while ur significant other is overseas = romantic FAIL! 
Strange day, lots of stuff up here but a small few have topped my port rising much 
Shattered  need to sleep
Totally thrown off track this afternoon by my daughter being unwell. If it isn't one, its the other. Depressing 
Stuck in the airport 
Only just got in from school  Exhausted x
I hate when the Trending Topics are about food. It makes me hungry. 
Cold and rainy?! Curse you, Seattle, for trading weather with us! 
@simon_mac Same here. If I can ever leave the office... 
Has anyone seen Cruel Intentions? I just bought a cocaine necklace. I'm so cool 
Fking weird weather today o.0 ..Signing yearbooks. Last day for seniors 
@broaloha &quot;Listening to 'dancing queen' by abba&quot; shame on you 
Aid is off on both weekends but i doubt we'll be going out  
Low battery 
Trapped on this plane til storm passes...   weird not having anyone waiting for me here 
Feeling ill and cleaning my room   NB: Illness not related to room's state.
Odd day @ work today.  Phones quit working, nice 30 minute break.  Now they won't stop ringing 
@peterfacinelli um...no, its pouring over here now! Punishing us NYers cuz u left! 
@Tsand_TV Boss bought me lunch! Working on a macbook purchase, so the show might be off the air until next week. 
What's wrong with T-Mobile 3G today? Terribly slow or no connection at all. 
Dismantling a computer lab not so much fun.  Reassembling it will probably be less so 
the rhyming doesn't make a Flash Crash any more fun 
I turned all my whites, pink....always double check pockets of clothes...Lesson learned. 
okay,well i have to get ready for my grandma's rosary. Dreading tomorrow's funeral. 
@motionmind I was so sad.  The Kill Bills are two of my favorite movies.  
Scarred for life after mole removal. Also very sore 
Cload Cover and Drizzle this morning obscure the Venus Greatest Western Elongation in Los Angeles 
Just found out that the VP from my most favorite job passed away unexpectedly this past weekend. Terrible news. 
@aurorajo http://twitpic.com/6olhe - Ill never eat a cheeseburger again...thanx a lot 
@SoWavY45 Waiting for the cable man.  It's cold 
When shld U cry ovr spilled milk?When its yours!!! Clumsy me knocked ovr a bottle spilling more than an ounce onto the kitchen floor. 
@Slave2beauty oh man that last picture is so wrong on so many levels... 
@mkerrigan7 No Left 4 Dead for me tonight. We don't have it at work  anymore 
Ugh. Incessant rain. Makes me think happy hour might turn into crappy hour. And on my favorite day of the week! 
Run fast and far...the pits of hell are attempting to swallow me!   I will not be a victim!  Not today sir!
This is the worst weekend to have a giant ass Bandaid on ur nose!!!! DAMMIT!! 
Boss's husband is under hospice care now  wish there was something i can do for her. I cant imagine.....
@robertashley Beautiful 
@lillieyiyuan #robotpickuplines #robotputdown I dont mind software incompatibilities. But Insulting my connectors is really low 
@suwitda I wish u were to drive thru it for me all this just to stop &amp; buy sum exspensive hair I shouldnt be buying.. Double 
Also, the only bad thing about E3 - the Mass Effect 2 news has spoiled me a bit on the Mass Effect 1 ending. 
Stoked for philly not happy with the one delay 
Disgusted that i bought a loaf of banana bread from some guy who came into the office today 
@Chain_The_Truth Holy shit it is true!!!  not Bill man...   i though i was a joke
@mamarootoo Aww. Hard to adjust to mama's split attention. 
Attack attack made my ears bleed, and non in that good, happy Metal way  http://bit.ly/ZBxiO
Attack attack made my ears bleed, and not in that good, happy Metal way  http://bit.ly/ZBxiO
I KNOw I'm LaTe! BUt I'm oN my way to the OffiCe...feeLing Light weight SiCk 
My fav coffee shop is closed for the time being. Home coffee does not compare. 
Tear.tear 
WTF ... NED Beat ENG in T20 Wordlcup Opener !!! Man I need some subscription to watch the worldcup 
@SoOoFocused yeah, i exceeded that in less than 30 mins  Locked me out for 3 hours
Gaagh! Maid didn't pitch today  *grumbles* *changes own linen* Least I get to devour cool snacks I got her ... every cloud and things ;)
Window shopping is torture!!!! Especially when you're trying to save money but the temptation to buy is killing you 
Tempted to roll 
@lilibaby Same i miss all the guys already 
@geekgirl444 That too, Heroes is about 4 weeks ahead, Prison Break was too, but they;re all finished until autumn 
@1azylizzie It's such a tragic life. Forced to work (with drugs and abuse) and then &quot;retired&quot; to a slaughterhouse for dog food. 
This is not going well. Lack of smoke.....disturbing. Fooey 
@sloanb Really....?!?!?!?! Status changed to &quot;shipped&quot;?  Course this means nothing to be being an Amazon orderer... 
@TheresaDuncan re http://bit.ly/14MFK3  sad waste: Drink up and be happy Live just for today Drown in cheap tequila &amp; flush yourself away
@LuisAmendola Home... not at the Webconf!  buh!
Cooking sauteed pacific rockfish w/tropical salsa, baby bok choy w/shitake mushrooms &amp; coconut rice. Deluge keeping me from grilling fish 
Another thing I seem to have inherited from my parents: Lack of direction. 
I didn't have twitter turned on today but I've had a great day. Stuck in traffic tho 
@skybluedesigns2 Talk abt a yummy way to find out! I saw it in Trending &amp; twitter's not giving out donuts. 
Chipped my cute nailpolish in the pool  sorry big toe
Witnessed shooting yesterday... Fatal shooting .. 
Worried about his beloved #LiverpoolFC!! Money, money, money 
no computer experts around here? Disappointing... 
@Januaryelle I'm with you on the nap. Spouse up early today and woke me up too.   but kids get out in a few then I'm out on the town 2nite
Awe my cousin  ru feeling emotional today?
@moanyboot I forgot to say that he is no longer on here as well. Deleted his account in anger but I'm still trying to get him to resign 
@_ohaii We missed 'Anal Minute'  I were looking forward to that ;D XD xx
@tristanx Same here... didn't think he'd go out like that 
@digitalkittyAny chance of putting the Pre unboxing on re-runs after TWiF? Missed it 
@digitalkitty Any chance of putting the Pre unboxing on re-runs after TWiF? Missed it 
@HJennerway Huge sci-fi fan here too, but I was laughing at it - not with it, and had a few yawns in it. 
Amazing Just Cause 2 gameplay: http://bit.ly/nu8wC  sadly i's due 2010!! 
Beautiful weather is not enjoyable when ur sittin in traffic!! 
god the weather is shit man (N) Proper raining cats and dogs, work is gonna be shit tomorrow and so is the party after wi bouncy castle 
Excited about my driving lesson in the morning (except the fact i have to wake up  )
Locked out of my house 
Awake....I wanna record...but I busted a speaker  I'll record later...
Opened up my wallet and there was only 3 bucks and 2 sticks of chewing gum, this is  can't wait 4 my 1st check. Tired of askin moms 4 mula
@Pezt I've never seen Eraserhead... *sob* I'm nowhere near as quirky and cool as I think I am. Epic Fail  F-
I give up trying to make a website  I can't come up with ideas! So If you have an Idea send it to me! I am hear to listen!
@do_fan  I'm sorry to hear about your headache.  Rest well and feel better soon.
@__mares__ because they think they R above gods law of nature - they seek cheap thrills and this is the price you pay. The Ultimate price 
Just saw her first caterpillar for this summer. Safe to say I SPRINTED in the opposite direction. @queenjada is laughing , that bitch 
I'm all mobile today so my FFs will be late. 
@torturousthings Oh honey  *hugs* Cheer up! Things are never as bad as they seem.
Slip slap dosh - no-one wants to play Fives 
Stuck at work still 
Is back on the road. Debating whether to grace this bbq with my presence...i guess for the support aspect and the love...i might 
Burned myself on my hand. 
@joytoyconday sorry babe I'm turning my phone off now!! Why r u so good?! Rule keeper  Geeez get her guys @suzysak @abbafan69
Ah! Sex in the car wash! If only there was someone else here to see it!  
@amandaduncan i'm in hazlet with my parents tonight! too bad your EP Release Party wasnt tomorrow  lol but i'll see you soon! *Inspired&lt;3*
@TennesseeWaltz Safe driving, bb. I'm pissed I missed you online earlier. 
@troymjohnson That's right. Shoot. 
Change In plans, have to go to drivein sat nite. Oldest has softball @ 9am. At least my ex told me b4 I drove an hour unlike last time. 
At the barbershop bout to get fresh!!! Hitting up Santos later, looks like I might not make it to the Reunion after all. I'm disappointed 
@colinsato Tracking Posse calls, it's Oppurtunity: &quot;found&quot; spare key, unlocked door, bag out in the open, et al. Thieves=suckage 
Feels like I dont have any friends. Cause if I did I wouldn't be this depressed.  
@JonathanRKnight. It's my favorite show to watch on Sundays but I loved Prison Break- but alas it's no more! 
One and The Same or One in The same. those who know about this please reply me. i wanna know abt it bady 
This rain sucks! Matter of fact this rain can kick rocks. 
Annoyed that I saw great buys but didn't make any purchases  
Stuck in this f*cking house all weekend!! I can't even go to the gym 
@jadedhellspawn have not seen it yet.. kinda why I wanted to hear what you all were thinking.  Hard to get to the theater these days. 
Hulu May Begin Charging for Content,  I might have to get cable...  http://bit.ly/PqWJK
Feeling deathly. Kids have spread their sick germs  Not fun when trying to move in 7 days &amp; house is a shambles! V. Stressed and ill 
Cut the recording session short 'cause it was going so horribly. Feeling pretty bummed out.  And still have school shit to do, too. 
Lagunitas in hand, pizza is on its way. I'm beat. Thankful the weekend is here 
Thinking that maybe its not really worth it ... Waiting for confirmation 
I have to study now!!!.....Badly 
Ugh. Sudden migrane and the phone charger not in my purse. Head go explode and i'm losing my entertainment. 
Promise that I will do everything, me to get used to see you in the arms of another 
Just went to Macy's.  Nothing I want is on sale, and they were out of the Lancome bonus gift.    Spent $70 bucks anyway.  Stimulus.
Change of plans, Friend treating me to Sushi Para II, probably no Smoking Popes 
Perfect cuddle weather and nobody to cuddle with 
&lt;&lt; Planet Terror &lt;&lt; pizza, oj, and sleep....and that's it 
for some reason, i cant read the comments from Awful Truth Threads comments 
Window shopping online as usual  ...lolol
http://twitpic.com/6pn9a - Stuck in Burlingame. Train was cancelled 
Lethargic saturday morning. Lot of work for the weekend 
I'm going to watch new excellent movie : Ghosts of Girlfriends Past ... 2morrow is a new day, but today was a big waste of time 
@CoolBBThemes Same here  #facebook #fail
&quot;Every joke is a lie&quot; ..for example....Guys that say they can only fit magnums xl... Thats a freakin Lie 
Hey, hey, hey!  Tough day 
Driving 2 OKC. Left shirts for wedding in dryer at home. 
Home alone tonight 
Still feel like shit. Light headed and achy. 
Just finished 'Fanboys'. HILARIOUS! And is about to be forced into 'When a Stranger Calls' when she really wants to watch ROTK  (fangirl)
near end of level 2 have 3675 started with 7500. Tough table and missing everything 
At Myth enjoying dinner and some slow service 
Awe  I'm sorry...I'm gonna miss you kid.
I know I saw (most of) them last week, but I miss The Table terribly.  
Kind of have an icky tummy.   Skipping the M's game so I can feel better.
Watching Lethal Weapon... edited. 
Burned the roof of my mouth 
i rly wish i could make him fall in love w/me all over again  i miss the old days...it was everything i ever wanted. -Dreams2Reality
Oh ok..  - Re: Khaosatl: @wink_prodigy ur sis khaos is doing the final stage of the house.... the floor so no club will see me
Jury duty sucks! 
http://twitpic.com/6pu0e - Flooded streets yesterday.  too much rain.
Stuck I should have drove  sorry ash and mel
@underdogmn, I'm bummed... the tape messed up on Burn Notice. I got the audio but no video 
@__melissa of the elevator. So as soon as I got in I realized she was still in the elevator! Doors closed! Gone-zo!!!  neighbor found her!
@heylizzz Scroll down to see my twitters  Long story but b4c is postponed may be even cancelled
Count down to twitter shutdown for an hour....          CHillin wit the fam b4 hittin the town
@BrandNewAtheist I think the motto is unconstitutional, but it doesn't seem to be going anywhere. 
Wishes she could work out how to play a very old dos game &quot;Under A Killing Moon&quot; on Winxp 
2h20: Hears alarm 2h30: Lose Power, cable theft 2h40: Complex Breakin, call 10111, 2h45: 12x Policemen Marches down road 5am: Off to work 
Low key i miss my boo..but I'm not talkn to him cuz I hate to be ignored 
Just had a lady at work tell me she has swine flue. Not sure if she was serious... Worried!! 
Off to bed. Land of the lost was not as funny as i taught it would be. 
@sarahnoakes PS you get to see me tomorrow night!! Save me a seat?? I hope that makes the rest of the day get better for you 
@backstreetboys I just wanted to give you guys a heads up that two more songs have been leaked onto the internet, Hologram and Shattered. 
Someone just jumped off our street into the lower deck of 35. Suicide into traffic. I didn't get to see it happen. 
Missing my boyfriend insanely. Sleeping alone and hating it. 
Error: timed out 
I am the worst dude at Left 4 Dead 
is tut tutting at way too stoned to be trusted Promoters! Shocking dereliction of duty 
Angry, sad blogpost http://www.kaitlin-rambles.blogspot.com meh... 
At Citywalk with @HelsinkiValo to watch The Hangover! UP was Sold Out! 
Sooooooooo tired!! Yelling keeping me awake  ...parents.
i hate thinkin.sittin@home alone bored outa my mind so I think.Real smart ash.Y is this bad?I started thinkin bout J5&amp;how much I miss him 
@trishee03 Same. Haha, when are you getting it back? 
Worried about @Midnitwisp 
No Full Service @Muzikgurl00.....Camden's gonna be Self Serve all the way!    lol
Weak. Tired. Hurt my back again...badly  stayin the night @ b's cuz i can't move...
Left house with laptop without batt attached, forgotten bring power cord  - http://tweet.sg
Debating on Bunker or not. Debating on Shokravell or not. I wish more people were awake to help figure it out. 
Wide awake  even though I am totally exhausted, ready to be home and in a bed!
At my apartment. Alone!?  2nd major headache of the day. I don't get it  but these headaches suck.
@Tyrese4Real zshare dont never work for me 
Just finished Quantum Leap Season 5, after months of waiting to get the last disc.  One of the best shows ever...
So I messed my pinkie finger up about a month ago doing martial arts.  It's still giving me trouble.  Unacceptable 
Wondering if my &quot;down on my luck&quot; shreek will ever be over?!  Tired of barely makin it!   
listening to music. Dreaming With A Broken Heart is such a sad song. 
I don't play video games or computer games no mo...  I'm losin my geek side! Save me starcraft 2 and diablo 3! Where u at blizzard?!
Waitin 4 dis Food 2 Finish 
Just woke up incredibly early with a nosebleed  Alarm set for 8.45, it's only 6.45 
Oh no we losing footy! halftime: Lextain Plains 10-12-72.... Us 1-3-9.... we suck 
@AppleMasterJR Frame by frame edit? 
Worried. 
im freezing!!  oh and i gotta wake up in about 5 hours...  sad  FAIL for me :S Song you should be hearing right now: Hold me Down - MCS
Drill all weekend... 
You know what the best feeling in the world is?! Being lied to.. it's wonderful. Cause then you find out...and its so fun! 
At home watching &quot;The Strangers&quot;  by myself.   I could really used someone to squeeze right now! 
Rite now I can tweet but I can't see your tweets 
@wilw I miss when The Simpsons was funny... Same thing, really... 
@stephenanberlin I was going to take my best friend for his bday in Tampa. Sold out.  Headline soon? Or find me two tickets?! 
@wynterose The Usual, being slow with results. 
Away from T  but have kebab, beer, and Billibub Baddings!
sitting on the side of the road, lap top on my lap (funny that) checking my emails. Strange I know, internet still not working @ my house 
Just woke up and the first thing I teach for is my shiny new laptop. Lax cramps tho  morning all
@andreeatea I Know!!! No  I Found It Online Lol.
@Extra_Gorgeous sounds like u need help... 
@Stiggeh mainly. But the mac too, on occasion.  given up. Waiting for a patch.
http://twitpic.com/6qak3 - Stuck on the side of the road workin 
Charging my cell phone. It kept saying &quot;Low Battery&quot; and it kept vibrating! I cant even finish my text message 
So hot out today! Feet nearly got burnt by the exhaust pipe.  - http://tweet.sg
is off 2 Orlando with a Broken Heart! 
Cleaning the house now. Home alone this weekend...gonna mis my mouse 
Longest day of travel ever.  22 hrs of customs airlines and taxis.      I want a big mac and a coke.
The sunshine in CT right now is such a mood-changer. Perfect timing for the weekend! And a crap time to be studying. 
@xgrundieheadx Awww!!!! Guns are bad when used to shoot good people 
Horrid weather 
I doubt I'm gonna make it to sleep tonight... Straight to the airport in approx. 2 1/2 hrs. 
@cyberil FIND ANOTHER.  Guessing they didn't fire you then.
is getting bored!! no electicity! Thru with the books!! what do i do now 
is getting bored!! no electicity! Thru with the books!! what do i do now  #Battleground
Drinking and wondering if hes thinking about me...Broken 
Morning world..... I have to carry on working as I did NOT win the Lottery  Better luck next week...
Forced to sleep on the couch in my living room...left my window open all day &amp; a big scary moth floppin in there somewhere  yuck!
Please cops go away!!!! Locked in a room with @erikagarrett hoping the cops won't find us 
Drawback to doing your toenails this late at night...my tootsies are cold and I can't put on socks yet. 
Return and we lose.... 
Emergency room wit my lil bro. Mood: Sucks 
Hardest goodbyeee. 
 Stuck at a rainy Bordeaux... now I have nooothing to do
@Quirky75 hey Quirky totally hear you, it happens in our family on both sides all the time...    but dont worry the kids will remember
@Roscoi that sucks  B safe. Double bagged?!
@PemC we had rain overnight, garden could use it, and my water butts have been topped up! Forecast heavy rain today 
Stuck with a fridge at the front door and a delivery man that wouldn't take it up the stairs. What now? 
Its raining, I am at work and have some stuff to do. Anti weekend feeling. 
@brookelovesyoux I am willing to trade this. It is yet another miserable day here... Horrid! 
I wil b travelling 2 my native country whr all cousins n relatives reside. Nagging is gonna b moreeeee...What 2 do to stop their nags? 
Stuck in work til 6pm  will put things on my profile soon
@khriszy03 what book did you buy? The Gift isn't on sale yet.. 
Spilled butter oil all over my blackberry while eating crab legs ... Its all messed up now 
went to Trigger and lordy, lordy, lordy...been there and will never go again. It is a circus and not in a good way! 
Just got outta bed. Waiting for sound comming up on tv. Here it is a hour later, so that is going to be long waiting. 
Car. Bored. Perfect time to nostalgia of a certain music box I threw out 
Spoke to soon now totally chucking it down 
can't get &quot;Finite Simple Group of Order Two&quot; out of his head  #fb
Rally for marriage equality today! And it's raining  .... hopefully, RI will get with the program.
Gutted that the weather is miserable, today of all days. 
10k. Gone in the wind. 
Unsuccessful night of partying  lame
An Endless Sporadic should really be signed on 
Driving home now... Tired 
@keren4562 Housework 
@1azylizzie It's such a tragic life. Forced to work (with drugs and abuse) and then &quot;retired&quot; to a slaughterhouse for dog food. 
It's the last date of the Out of Control Tour today  Is anyone going?
@Kittycat01 no. Sulking now 
&quot;Overhead the skies are clear, but it still seems to rain on you&quot; ... well actually it is really raining... 
Heavy rain, thunder &amp; lightening!  Looks like todays bike ride is cancelled   Todays project, rebuild the gas grill, whooo hoooo!
Iss Tiredd Andd Poorly 
Still sat at gate. Strange liquid found in cargo hold. Hazmat team called to investigate. 
feel sorry for my friend...6mnths chinook training for Morocco and boss turns round and says not enough Support Choppers so cant go 
Left my boys for weekend  at st pancras drinking champagne. Not all bad.  http://yfrog.com/0esrdj
Hyped to see watchmen when it comes out on dvd! seems to be old news by now though... i wish i cud have seen it in cinema 
Intermittent raining is a pants. Don't know if I'm in or out today.  bed building or garden?
Occasional fever and sore throat 
Change is so inevitable.  All we need to do is live with it.
In the meantime Dr., have you read your MySpace TOS? With an attorney? Content/Activity Prohibited, Re.: 8.2,6,7,14,15,16,17,20,26,28,30. 
@ShaunStenning D'oh. Waiting on webvision to fix up the affiliate reporting problem too so we can get motivated 2 sell more YOTA! 
Low BP, High fever. when will this end? 
So sad to see everyone leaving  Empty flat now, scary times!!!
eww I need to sleep damn it !  im never gunna wake up in time tomorrow! im Wide awake ! wtf 
Awake probably going to leave  i love the beach
Attempt at French Toast thwarted by rotten eggs 
Excited for tuesday! Graduation ceremony at jubilee school sport hall. That the last day i'll be at jubilee 
@jorke: it's all about appearances sometimes  (should be using a Free player/server!)
@scoutbrandie I know, we are quite upset about a Total Recall remake as well. Heard the rumour about 6 months ago. It pains me 
@NeilBradley oh. Gutted to hear that. I love her stone faced charm  Hopefully they get a good replacement. Thanks!
@steph_davies Vote now! I'm not in the top 20 anymore! 
@blondie_4414 &quot;Change u can believe in&quot; Only ever applied to those he had brainwashed  #wearescrewed #tcot
Arm is still messed up.  
I want a pair of Greedy Genius High :| I want it badly.  http://bit.ly/UIi3r
I just fell addicted to &quot;Mass Effect&quot; but I've no time since I should be learning 
@_hayles omg it is pissin it down here and freezin  xxx (via @sammi_jade)..... Same here LOL x
Annoyed I got up too late to get my motorbike taxed at the post office, bah. Why can't the Post Office keep sane hours? 
@ foodism, fX. Slow service 
How do some girls do it, looking glamorous on the beach that it? Mind you it is 49 degrees atm and I'm not coping well at all 
bristol trip is a mistake, how can it be so small and boring? Covered the whole city on foot in 2 hours 
@lauraemilyd I'm working   Bloody training models that I've enhanced a thousand times before *yawn*.  You...?
@Tarale reducing the Web's Signal/Noise Ratio, one download at a time 
Killer headache is keeping me awake 
Hike in jeopardy  One member has had food poisoning!
&quot;Solid Bullpen Showing Comes Undone&quot;. Post editors can just paste in same headline for #Nats on a daily basis. 
@marcus748 help!!! Gear indexing again 
@Yermilla Same old tho..i just dun taste of smell anything..hate that..  how r u today? what time r u leavin for work?
Ack! Traffic 
@OohLaLisa Instant coffee isn't bad. You have to find the right one. The Isrealis have a good brand they drink I can't recall the brand 
Bloody traffic @saturday nite!!! Uugghhh..... 
@hullgay il see what I can do ;) oooo computer says no  see even a mac can't provide free beer! Rubbish eh!
Hit a Crow who,  at the last minute, decided to take off from a relatively safe spot in the other lane. 
Rallyshow was 'epic fail'  Freezing cold, soaking wet and covered in mud. 
Car has decided not to stop working. Waiting for the AA 
Addai - I like you, but I don't think I can have you on my team. Potential for more career lows   http://tinyurl.com/m2dkbo
Hip just clicked i'm so old 
Whats wrong with the tumblarity? I was active all day yesterday and I lost 1,900 points  - artpixie: Same... http://tumblr.com/xf31ytmg1
Awake with nothing to do 
Brutal headache. It needs to go away! 
Doing the clinical bed management! Sucks. Working with the site who had been shouting all morning. 
Repeat, i do not need anything from radley, i do not need anything from radley... 
Sundays are becoming a routine. Boring 
@danimercado Nothing, I don't know whyy.  Cheer me up, heehee.
@christi_anne poo to boring. Same here unfortunately 
I need dark curtains for the bedroom!  Blinds let in too much light.  Could have slept in.  Awakened by sun at 7:00 am.  
Awake for a meeting 
Goodmorning everyone!  Going to a wedding today.  Left my favorite lipgloss at work 
@kstar10 True...  I'll make sure you get a nude session if I make it to Aussieland at some point. Are you saying we don't?
Perfect weather and I'm @ work. 
Full of cold, which I suspect is due to working with little kids and their germs 
Block Party was Pathetic and lame. 
Left my wallet at home and I'm sooo hungie 
Anyone mind explaining this to me?  Stacking food on animals...http://tinyurl.com/36f4d6 
@ruk The 3D surcharge is especially irksome to those of us with no depth perception. Waiting for the video 
is hanging out at the moms house untll my long work nite ahead, dreading it!  Catching up on some laundry 
I really hope that things will turn around someday.Cause day by day it's getting hard to keep this shattered heart beating-quote by me 
Re-writing a set list...i have to cut at least 5 songs and i dont want to cut any of them! 
Racists. 
@jnabongo soooo today's second shooter is Flashy McFlasherton... 
http://twitpic.com/6quz4 - Birds are out to get me 
Chase is going on vacation for a week.  I'm gonna miss him soooo much,   Sadness
Reader en 0 pero Starred items +100 
@spattzzz oh what a manly thing is a chesterfield.  Bloody uncomfortable hard thing with nowhere to put your head.  You can keep it 
is gonna start my Twitters over again, so this is message one. Waiting on 12, work tonight... 
@LucidAnna Awe that sucks, im sorry 
 Stuck ! Doing History Proj Bout Wednesbury D':  &amp;&amp; Bored As Usual ,
Aww Ship! 
@musicaljo Errrrrr yuck!! Smelly wet feet!!! 
Bit chilly! 
@tommilaitio Read some pages in a shop. Upset me enough not to buy. Stopped watching apocalyptic films as well after Children of Men. 
Stung by a jellyfish.. A big one! In the hospital 
Awe it rained last night so all of our beautiful chalk art is gone.  *C-money$
@backblocks I'm good. Recovering from last night and I'm on my way to work 20mins late 
@laurapasik  re: &quot;Greatest Generation&quot; - they had a moral certitude in that war, that too many since have lacked 
Awake!!! Funeral today,  saddddd
@willcarling what's the score? Stuck at the in-laws in the middle of nowhere 
Stuck at the farmer's market with a flat tire. 
My co-worker made me lunch and it taste kinda nasty! I feel so bad!  and shes like every1 loves my cooking :/ &lt;Optimistic*Fool&gt;
wondering why I bother doing the mashups / videos etc. Thankless task, completely. 
Boss is now ignoring me wont answer any of my calls, slightly annoying seeing as he has my driving license 
I think I'm on my 73rd Popsicle  pain pain go awayyyy!!! Watching Royal Pains USA's new summer show- love it!
Downed Kologarn for the first time in 10ulduar, but I knew the strat. Should've gotten razorscale done too  #wow
At work. I feel sick though all of a sudden.  I'm trying to stay positive. Tough shit.
@oolivia__ I work at 11:30, how about you? Same, I don't want to get up 
@vickytcobra jealous. Stuck at work. 
@porkbarrelbbq Save some for me, be there in 8 hours 
@thunderbearr hehe - thanks! Now I just need someone to help me pack. I suck at it.  Hiring movers this time, too.
I need HGTV to come to my house.. I need Curb Appeal, I don't know how to begin 
Horrific Flashback of the &quot;freaky lola&quot; in drag me to hell   urrrgh! i think i'll have a nightmare
Just past a baby deer on the road... Dead. 
iPhone was turned  probably won't be turned on til tuesday. Reach me over myspace or something I guess.
5 Minute break, gee thanks 
@aveeksen Consider yourself lucky... Shipping to Jordan + customs comes out to around 40 dollars for 3 atmels 
@fenderdb   Rest in peace.
Hurricane again!  I'm scared! Hail better not hurt my barbie car!
Reduced fat all natural peanut butter...why even bother eating it? I might as well go lick a cardboard box. mmmmm 
Beautiful day....so ill go to the office to get some stuff done 
Home from work! Same again tomorrow! 
Locked my keys in the trunk@walmart! We r waiting 4 the locksmith. $55 to get them out.  
Disappointed with the TT today. Ruined by a hurricane headwind 
&quot;Hiring freeze&quot;: The bane of my fucking life. At least I GOT a reply this time. 
Cheerleaders for local HS held car wash. Lame. Parents, brothers, and awkward sisters did most of the work. 
@KatiePeel91 Snap  i have it on iphone but i want it properly mert
Is eating lunch... Alone 
oh no it's gonna rain all weekend. Rubbish! 
i want my dreamers bracelet   *Inspired&lt;3*
Watching Royal Pains again. I freaking want to see the Burn Notice premier. I never got to see it. I want to dang it! 
Grrrr. I *hate* it when Empire Total War crashes right after a huge battle! It sucks that such a great game is so unstable 
Hard work 
@apeturescience I loved the Idea of burlesque but have never actually been to a show  And you need to work on your douchebagness lol
morning at beautiful wedding. Afternoonn trying to catch a scared lost dog running around A1- didnt catch it  Emotional day!
24&quot; iMacs are still on Sale!  Sale ends today 
I have problems with internet    Waiting Camila!
Housework on a nice day/..wahh 
@LiiL_MisZ_Chaos Fine i'll shut up 
And the Wrong Bus Award goes to... ME! 
Awe..it was an old lady 
@dorritos I'm alive. Sort of... this rain here is killing me. 
ohmygod.Just watched Prison Break:The Final Break. real tear-jerker :'( Poor scofield 
Supported County Shelter &amp; went yardsaling! Somethings Not right w/ Dad barely able 2 move/breath &amp; Not eating 
@LiiL_MisZ_Chaos .... i cant speak to youu, you told me to Shut up! 
Stuck at Paradise with a killer headache (not a hangover) and no advil. 
@datwinsandme nope! Inning around selling tix threw me off! 
@pepsi_plunge  what happened? do you want your Blues Clues blanket? 
@MrsJames_Waters Same here, nothing on tv tonigh!!  The pile of ironing is looking tempting right now!
There must be a full moon - so much drama going on right now!  Avoiding FetLife - mud slinging voyeur = not my fetish.
Ban pakistani commentators. Biased sons of bitches.  No fair. #t20
@ilcapourgu Same here. I moved my daughter out of my school. 
Lack of community= a lonely Cas... I kinda miss camp right now. 
I begin to doubt the potential of my friends and other close people... Or am I just self-centered? Future is nice - but without them 
No babysitter tonight. Date night cancelled 
@sizzler_chetan: True - And they are hitting Indians hard as well 
Beautiful and fun day at playground ended with tears as youngest took a tumble and got a face-ful of wood chips 
@lucypaw exactly. It's so fucking funny. That pair ought to be so ashamed of themselves. Pair of bastards. 
Jump start fail.  AAA to the rescue!
Finnished Prison Break season 3 already!! It's cruel how it only had 13 episodes though  ...now i must get my arse in gear.
Yawnnnnn!!! Boring saturday ... didnt know i had so much of sleep debt ... slept like a log thru the day .... and still sleepy 
@yogich It's a great job! I just hope Cap&amp;Trade doesn't kill it.  #tcot
: I feel so sorry for what I did a while ago. I shouldn't do that. Mean me.  http://plurk.com/p/yxzbw
@grantklein  I call it Wheel of Misfortune.
Nude sunbathing doesn't work well when u have neighbors in their 70's 
Found kitty &quot;Gizmo&quot; is sleeping, full belly.  Starting to rehydrate. A real looker, but her nose &amp; mouth are hurt   2 tired 2B frisky :/
Fallen Over Hurt Myy Wrist .. 
@guilty_ would LOVE to get my hands on The Fragile vinyl but i'm all tapped out.   but glad to have already made a $300 donation for #eric
Just woke up. Wasted my day. Now getting ready for work!! 
Re-pinging @evettevictoria: @ExotikGoddess lol i know it does....man i wanted lumpia and pancit  oh well....--Ill try 2 get u a plate
It's 3 am, and I can't sleep. Cause everybody are still having fun out there 
@AdieJonas Same.... it's really sweet &amp; his comment earlier that he can see a friend talking to someone who will hurt her... 
http://twitpic.com/6rpgd - Blown out today 
Just Got Home And Is Drenched..  FREEZING.
Home alone again 
Stuck in traffic 
130$. Is it worth it to see Blink &amp; Fall Out Boy? Alone... idkk. I need help deciding 
@Twi_Heart yea... i know.............. im sad 
Yardsalers packed up their stuff early. Losers, I was hoping to find a life for my sisters bf 
Excited because i am going with sheridan tom. to new braunsfuls!!!! Also sad at the same time bcause i cant go on the boat wit my church! 
It looks like rain.  Perfect 
@lwcavallucci indenturing, sure. Not to mention that it's still unnecessarily paper-based. Onto Finance now 
Overwhelmed with Finals. It's the most stressful time of the year. 
Feet are cold, just one of the many things that remind me @cimota is away 
Alone and lonely in this world hope empty. 
i guess the jonas brothers youtube account got suspended because of copyright infringement for using &quot;Single Ladies.&quot; that's so stupid 
http://twitpic.com/6rs13 - Huge ass bruise on my leg...idk where it came from! 
@Annanomaly Kill anyone??? I'm so bored 
Bored....I can't get on with my MJ video cos Final Cut is still downloading!  If I had reasonably good internet it would be done already!
This is scary  Death Eaters are loserss.
Worried about my mummy - she's had to go to hospital and is staying over night 
Same-sex couples fight for immigration rights--I am amazed how much discrimination goes on for non-privileged people  http://bit.ly/UQkvy
The cute boy haz gotten on my nervez goodnezz I have a real migraine  ,..,,,,Thiz iz so Unfair he waz so cute 
Yankees lose after a bad last Inning 7:9 against the Rays 
@wolfhudson Sucking ass is usually enjoyable. Not today tho. 
Link: listening to &quot;Save Yourself - Stabbing Westward&quot; - I need to repurchase this album  damn you... http://tumblr.com/x6f1ywz59
Shift change - no drinking tonight 
@JLSOfficial i love you guys - voted for you on X Factor - cried when you didnt win  xxx
@LockeVincent Freezing cold, i love cold and snow, mostly cause we don't get it in denmark, just rain  miss canadian winters.
I often just want to not come back from my break. Everyday this place gets worse. 
Watching Message in a Bottle - wish I had known it was a tear jerker 
Awe.  you okay.
Task of the day: take a benadryl and stay awake. Shoot, CVS didn't have the cream.  curse you unusual rash on my neck!
@shadowmaat Fine, see if I let you bask in my glow and whatever, your loss lady.   
So tired... Long day tomorrow... Feeling a bit mopey.  *sigh*
is really bummed about the Enter Shikari show dates.  
@kailaengland Slow day here. I was getting ready to go to the store. For some reason, the cupboards &amp; fridge won't fill themselves. 
This might be random but i want to take the SATs again, just to see if I would do better... Enough randomness back to studying 
@Prican_Dream and no pool time  cuz broken but the kids gonna have some kind of water play
GM going bankrupt... WTF? Who fucked up there? What does that say about the maunfacturing capacity of the United States? It sucks? 
I forgot it was free ice cream day at Friendly's and now it's over 
Re-pinging @nlvrida: @ExotikGoddess I didn't know that was today..grr--Aaww 
Blow dryer 
@joshsdugger True dat. The only reason I remembered is that I'm babysitting for acouple who are going.  lol.
@pogue http://twitpic.com/6r6cl - One Child Left Behind 
@joeymcintyre Still can't get my download from SoundLoadMusic.  Donated money, got code, not download.   going on 48hrs
Deserted, cruelly ahead of schedule! I turn reluctantly to BSG 
Fight temptation at auntie annes.   smells so good!
going to ellees &amp; then jessies Grad Parties. rainnning too ... so sad 
Murder mystery night. We didn't win.  wine didn't help.  http://twitpic.com/6s1db
Right...going to bed  need sleep badly. Catch you guys l8r ;)
@flicka47 LOL! Boxed Trifectas all the way...I like horse racing they just closed our local track 
Caught in the rain right now. I knew this was going to happen! 
@JavaJunky Same, emotionally for me too. Just feeling low. 
 - Longest night ever.. ugh! http://tumblr.com/xwp1yxhi6
Watching Extreme Makeover: Home Edition, some people stories are just really sad 
Change me plans were not gonna see up 
Recovery flu out of window. stiiiiiiiiiill sick..for how long 
@termi Upside down 
@superduperjes yeah, its not the coolest thing I've ever done!  Beautiful day out, and I am watching it all from the couch!
@Fallen_Reason heh I know feeling 
Wow, I think I top the cake (um....yummy!) for dumb idea of the day, doing my High Intensity Interval Training OUTSIDE at 5pm! HHOOOOTT!! 
Awake but not yet &quot;with it&quot; and ugh. I hates teh flu 
Watching woolf creek .. Bloody scary film  thinking about going to sleep as I do have to revise tomorrow  x
@garymac1965 Live blues band. a lot to drink   reminiscing. Brilliant night. But 
@Honesty666 yeh just nod every now &amp; again  ah well me thinks better get some kip gotta get up early in the morning 
@Ecris_Appeal er hem! what about my shout out 
@QueenM81 Same! I wish everyone would get along tbh - but it's not a perfect world 
Rare. I know it.  hahah @carors
Just got home after a good night. Tired now tho and I've got so much stuff to do 
Burned out,I don't want to go to mom's house. 
PingFire add-on doesn't seem to work in Flock. 
Gutted i didnt do the karaoke... 
@Gainesradio Asking my mom now. what time does he go on? We'd b driving from MESQUITE!  
@gabbzilla even knew that kid. Double 
Transformers ROTF ads on TV all day -Movie, toys, Cell Phone ads... Stop it! Have to wait 1 more  mth for it to come out 
Working on my new leadership training course! All this Pre planning &amp; Paperwork is driving me nuts! 
Why must we be forced to wait for Brutal Legend 
Escaped my flood. Visiting mom in Naples while crews work to dry out my place. Trooper's at the kennel 
Panic at the disco on the radio   its sad how I know this song is a panic at the disco song. *turns ipod on*
@aquigley Bizarre but dunno if it's wrong (or how wrong) sources are well-known names and faces. Not usually far off. 
Fearful of feminine protection commercials and never tweeted in the nude. Label me old fashion and prude and stick it in my bio. 
figures, we leave the bar and the Victory brewing party and they call our ticket number!!! i won nothing 
@twisted_utopia NOOO it's not fair! I got the Adult Content Notice. I can't read your fic 
Thwarted again! Pneumatic closed because of electrical problems. No fluffy eggs for me today. 
@dubdotdash Bloody hell it goes from bad to worse  #emusic
Worried about tomorrow! :o 
Just got to work. Waiting for it to be over 
@callmecayce Fine, okay. I do too. But not when they beat us at the football. 
Out &amp; about all day...Tired as hell, I need a back rub 
@Born4Gr8tness why didn't u tweet me &quot;it's going down&quot;? U hate me 
Ugh i hate the summer  iRylee Riot!
So much for a same day repair!  So far it's 8.5 hours overdue...  Disappointing 
Just saw the stupidest penalty ever taken during a playoff game!  Tempted to turn off the TV  
Only I driveee far for some damn wingstop. Left my damn debit card at work 
@BaileyBoo93 Nowhere really. 
Just getting stuff back into the office. Tired from a long day-headed back home to study for finals probabay 
Worried about my dad...he's having other complications. 
Bloody Channel 4  - stayed up for Wireless '08, programme full of crap &amp; only 2 measly Counting Crows numbers. Total bummer 
Gone to bed! up early tomorrow 
Awake just in time for dinner&amp;&amp; feelin pretty hurtin 
I'm sitting here watching Finding Nemo, and I'm getting a headache &amp; a toothache 
@ResourcefulMom Hand down   I wish I was creative but nope, don't sell anything. #Silkfair
@Mirahtrunks what!! I missed you guys when you came to NM  gonna go to las cruces &amp; denver tho! Pumped you guys rocked last year \m/
Easy 1:30 bike ride this morning. Would have kept riding but it started raining 
@DanielFielding I want The Fear and F**k You off her new album, and I've tried but nothings coming up 
I dont feel well.... Story of my life...  Out with shakora,txt
Pub is all locked up and Im free to go to sleep. Working tomorrow so will miss the French Open Final  Gutted.Hope I dream of Vettori again
Omgosh. I cant believe this i am going to have to ..now and i am soo Uuughhhh. Omgosh Crying 
Awe  I know toronto and montreal both sold out. The floor tickets where sold out but I got 2nd row seats so I'm happy!
That song made me Cry  http://bit.ly/p1UUw
Full of carbs...feeling like a fatty 
@_noliesjustlove wow, lindsay, i thought we were pretty tight.  where did you get it? Ill get some myself. ;)
Hail is like the devil in marble sized frozen water form. 
@e2raw Cause` everyone is!!!!!!! 
Awake, poorly and feeling rather sorry for myself 
Just got Home from a 12 hour work day.... And I'm so tired  http://tinyurl.com/nyc7c5
you know i kind of realized how bad it'd be if Panic ever broke up. i don't think i'd be the same happy (sorta ) Faith. i'd be torn up. 
Crosby is a good Hockey player, but doesn't deserve to wear the captain's 'C'. Posterboy for the league? Dirty brat is more accurate 
Lesson of the day: don't start packing a couple of hours before your flight for a 2 month long stay. you might miss your flight... 
Alone at work until 10 
I really need more positive people in my life! Negativity and stress is really starting to bring me down 
The worst part about baking Gift Cookies is that I can't eat any! 
Deleted stare at you video. 
@LadyJ_86 Child, cheese!  I don't need to be banned from my baby!  It's his first birthday 
@ahj aled I was there at the front 2 see u but then I had 2 leave 2 carry drunk people home! Gutted!  hope it was a good nite
Bummed to be leaving the lake  .. Home then work in the morning.
Slow run....bah.    At least it was almost 3 miles?
I'm really glad my sisters would not go to the NJ International Track and Field Meet with me tonight 
@darksbane Trouble is that's often easier said than done! It's sometimes taken me almost an hour to get it working. 
Heading home from oklahoma . Left the family behind 
 Empty Nest...literally @ my fiancee's.  I hope they're still around. They were SO CUTE &amp; I miss them!
Aim won't let me back on. It doesn't want me to talk to @vegan_freak 
Disembodied take two tonight! Stoked to see everyone, although a couple crucial dudes will be missing 
@SillyPhylly Not doing good at all.  Shameful really. 
Walked through the living room while mom was watching Pushing Daisies. Saw Ned and got sad.  PD &lt;3
@browneph  I had the worst headache and then I didnt even get home until damn near 2 am.  Hard nite @ HB.
Last game tied match-- last game is Sudden death 
Dug through a garbage compactor because the caterers stuffed garbage on the wrong side 
@pghpenguins Painful to watch! The red machine just chewed up the flightless birds 
Dug through a garbage compactor at work bc the caterers jammed the trash on the wrong side 
Wants to wear fuzzy sock on the linoleum and listen to the Finding Nemo soundtrack too - and not watch the pens lose right now 
Wants to wear fuzzy socks on the linoleum and listen to the Finding Nemo soundtrack too - and not watch the pens lose right now 
#Pre anyone else havin problems w/ Pre data when roaming? Old Pre had setting to let data work if roaming, very disappointed bout this. 
@astonwest  I'm bummed because I now have time to finish reading Heroes Die Young and it's still packed somewhere.. 
3 days without anything  feels like ... Strange where are you?! *pic#
no joke, i think im dying. Random migraines, eye and arm spasms, and i feel like hell... 
Spilt make up remover all over my toothbrush so i have to use one for a toddler. 
What the hell is up with pittsburg tonight... DAMNIT!! This sucks... They are just not together tonight! Brutal! 
@langfordperry Uggg.  I did that after the 4th Dead Wing goal.  This is like a circus now.  Wondering who the Pens left back home!!  
Change of plans.. No buzz tonight 
@kptweeting Sadly, I didn't make it over to Friendly's. 
Flatmate is moving out. 
@Dark_Warlike si 
Pens lost  miniature tigers were great! Waiting for kev dev now
Locked my keys in the car again 
No Doubt rocked. I thought I'd never get to see them live. 
@DKJ63 Aw man! Suckage 
Ouch... Today was a sucky day.  Random Fact: crying/being sad makes me tired.
grrr 2 more days till' Escape The Fate's NEW Video  it was supose to be yesterday 
Please iPhone, don't be too slim. Easy to lose 
Pretty much all of the Trending Topics are boring right now. 
Alone, up in the night, like always. 
@Shannannagin Same question. I don't think they ever read our tweets though  How do all these girls do to get them to reply???
@n3p3nth3 Reason? 
Home early.. how boring 
@TaosJohn I often think it does all need to end in order to fix it. Afraid band-aids wont do the job anymore. 
listening to TBS and Senses Fail...and that's never a good thing 
She is preettay in a odd odd way but she is Beautiful in a magnificent way 
gah, hiccups   Huge fucking centipede somewhere under the couch....
My love life is like a game of snakes and ladders. I take 4 months forward with someone and then I get knocked back to square one. Single 
Liked &quot;Over $500 in charges just in flight changes  Moral of the story: confirm when and where you're going...&quot; http://ff.im/-3FVZp
is saying good night to the interwebz. sadly, i didn't get to finish watching Home Alone 2  and it's my favorite one. darnn.
Watching the messengers. Scared out of my mind. I'm such a baby!!!! 
Awake,  maths all day 
Stuck in concert traffic 
Silence - this is not that good 
EPIC WIN! Finished Breaking Dawn...Epic Fail: not being in bed before midnight 
Strange dream about nailing a fish to a wall. Symbolic? Of what? Nothing good i suspect. And i missed the BPP 
Power points suck. Save me 
ended up missing church this morning. Badbad. Forced out of bed to go for lunch.  i just wanna stay in bed or study right now. how weird.
Wishing I could afford to donate and download 5 Brothers &amp; A Million Sisters. Darn concert made me broke, 
Going to Ritual when I should be studying  at least no work tomorrow...
Annoyed with my body tonight - reading and going to bed 
Beautiful day in hk but I left my swimsuit at home 
Ahhh' that's Sucks now I'm sad  good night and sweets dreams twitterworld. Talk to you tomorrow. Peace.
@TheXDexperience you are online and not answering any of my Choices.... that makes me sad 
congrats to Storm and Dream! Leaving DC tomorrow 
now playing : Heavily Broken - The Veronicas 
@Khleo_t &amp; what's going on with Hurricane Season?? is it coming out or not  lol
Dead!!!!!!!!! 
@MaritzaSo omg me too! Devastated 
@k4kera Load Shedding in Kerala 'cos the Idukki Power House Stopped!  http://bit.ly/11hW2N @@@
Lack of sleep makes me a short tempered man 
@kendramcphee wish my older sister was here for huggy goodness. I miss you a lot. Distance is no fun. 
Finally watched final episode of Prison Break online....it was so sad. 
I am not getting a lot of my @ replies??? Where is that Fail Whale I know he is around...    he's eating my tweets
I'm having another Panic Attack 
@MichaelinMI I'm sorry   Living in MI kinda sucks these days, hopefully you'll find something soon...
@99Lives_x Calm down, sweetheart...I don't like you upset.  I gonna cry 
Those parents on Worlds Strictest Parents aren't bad at all. It's those kids that make it bad. Blah I miss home. Tired and alone. 
Taking off my contacts. Painful!!!! 
I've never understood how someone could be at a wedding reception for 8 hrs??!! Tired of waiting on him.. he aint thinkin bout me anyways 
@JBAPMASC yoo I hate the worst night after the show! Ill leave u message on nkotb community 
@hyperlocavore I wish we had better 2nd hand stores in our area. Low quality stuff mostly, and never anything nice in my size 
surprise! Surprise! I pushed everyone away  good going kiddo.
Watching Enough on TNT. I miss jackson 
Cheer me up.. 
@Cassiestein is your sims slow for you? Cause it is for me 
Home from six flags discovery kingdom. Tired and a little sunburned  
Rite now missing @djpartyardy cuz I need to hear 'cuz ya hot then ya cold' 
@_KrishaMarie they have a TapEx on campus.  Safe to say they make lots of money.
I'm missing $20 of my grad money.  Shoot....
@Jeremy1018 DITCHER!  Reason4Caution
Oh good. Monome + Live 8 + Reason 4 = Kernel Panic AGH! 
Pens, WTF?! Drowning my sorrows in wine then off to bed.  
Pens, WTF?! Drowning my sorrows in wine then off to bed.  idiots http://tinyurl.com/n5v72o
Pens, WTF?! Drowning my sorrows in wine then off to bed.  idiots http://tinyurl.com/l2wafc
@Codster350 I failed at convincing Grant.  I'm watching The Wedding Date and drinking by myself instead  
Fast Sunday tomorrow. Want more comments for story. Wrist hurts. Hair coloring not as cool as hoped for. someoen talk to me! 
Just said bye to all my babies leaving for camp.    Realized how much i adore mr. ryan davis.
 .... Dream beautiful.
Sunburn... Hurts soooo good XD! Pool water broke my hair  http://twitpic.com/6t8c3
@Sarpinos had I just waited a few hours .... Free cheesy bread 
Sad'N by this Sudden Loss 
Hint: don't eat a cupcake soaked in champagne. Not good. 
Feeling really mad, bad, and sad.. Scared im losing the only one who truly cares.. 
and lo, the reign of Map Wall ends.  22 maps. that's a lot of tape to remove.
@yeshenia I know smh  lol by monday imma be good though so. Save it for monday lol thanks babes lol
http://twitpic.com/6tae2 - Stuck in traffic right nxt 2 the fair 
Off work. Slow night  but have a great schedule next week!  Tonys tomorrow! http://twitpic.com/6tag2
Full mooon, I'm loving the clouds but missing the stars 
Wishes he could snuggle with his gf now! 
@alex_spr Can you go on Aim some time because i relly need to uptdate the software on my Hackntosh bit if been toold not 2 it will break 
I absolutely love the movie True Lies, now its time for the best cold remedy, hot bath wit enjoyable music. So sick 
@itstayce Awe  that sucks fo you and her
Before bed I am listening to Vivaldi and reading Possible Side Effects by Augusten Burroughs. I wish @greengalz was laying beside me 
Hiccups have returned...,. 
@maartenvd I should ask around, yeah. Trouble is I don't know that many hardcore bicyclists. 
@JoeJonas1Fan1 aw it was  missed it!!
Spoke too soon, is now throwing it down again 
my nokia pc suite, my media player thingy, EVERYTHING! Gone gone gone.. 
Worried about my favorite football player!  
@cameliosis You missed a sale at Urban Out. today 
Exhausted but bestie and little didn't know how to get to Reggies so I'm here with them! They had to come wake me up to bring me  so tired
T9 hates me. It won't let me swear. Dual, chubi, econ, shiv, app.      sigh.
With all that's going on in my life you'd think I'd be happy. Truth is I'm so lonely 
@ddlovato Spending the night @nathanCstern 's yayy!!!! I wanted to be cool too 
I feel like playing 'Tap Tap Revenge' now. 
Re-pinging @l0_lo: These pieces of shit crack easy  ::: dry shit does that
Cause when i try and accelerate fast i stall! 
Drove all the way to Sonic to get denied! 
Stuck in traffic 
Wishes he waited inside the minor injuries unit and now has to wait behind the people that walked past. Gutted 
@ninjajordyn Negative reviews are always sad to write 
Shows over. I an now deaf and have no voice left. Vent is now useless  
@candyisrad Awww, it'll be ok. Cheer up.  I'll give you some of our bread if you want.
Awake, missed out on the drive in, I couldn't stay awake 
Laying in bed but can't sleep my brains still on and runnin a mile a minute gosh darnit I hate being Alone and lonely 
Laid in bed continplating getting up 
Trying to enjoy the party but I wish I was in my bed. Tired, sore, and sleepy! 
Just woke up! The girls woke me up  Annoyed but cba to go back ot sleep need to pack urrr
I'll do what it takes even if it means being your Personal Shopper 
Spilled strawberry mango margarita on my phone....still works! Missed a bunch of tweets while it was off tho.... 
Restarted my computer. Problem appears to be solved, but I'm angry! All I wanted to do was watch my bb Faraday 
Flat batteries abound. Jump started the car only to find the GPS has gone flat 
@Rray88 Confused 
my days are all mixed up  i thought today was monday. Panic overted...
@yunita_dee wow!!really2 gorgeous!! I want ittt!!!!!!!! Ada yg mdl pompom jg ga yahh?! Huhuhu..  Re: raisin
@teemwilliams What happened to the Unexpected re-release and the european tour? 
Low BP and fever again....I hope I'll get well real soon. 
Awake at 4 am, about to go to the airport 
@iSlayer2009 Was watching a cooking show and that's what they were making.  they even showed the birds being beheaded. Barbaric!
Time has come my old Land Rover hydraulic winch has to go  Ebay calls. Replaced by a Fire service PTO driven one
@xoMusicLoverxo It's a plan. Cause that's just nasty. 
Awake again 
Home alone tonight.. 
wda is blood sucking. Normalization please eat shit urgh 
Whole family's home again... so I can't play my music loud anymore 
Frozen hands + typing exam notes = many spelling mistakes 
Why did I look at the weather forecast? Heavy rain, heavy rain, heavy rain for the few days 
@Loster #notv Yes, much news is sold to us through fear. Fear is a powerful tool for sales, but unhealthy for the recipients. 
had a quick bite post movie at the pvr phoenix food court, chinese fare. Disappointing stuff 
currently downloading Assassin's Creed - Director's Cut edition... should take about 8 hours from steam 
Jet-Lag sucks!   But we got our 'Greatest Hits' album out tomorrow!  WOOOP!
hates that i cant post pics on twitpic. Smart failed me here at baywalk.  #conass
I have to go now. Byes 
@theloveofpink yeah what a waste of a long weekend. Just slept for 4 hours. Killer sore throat, swollen glands, fevers, aches  you?
Doped up on co-codamol and floating, woke up with excrutiating back and leg pains. 
Away to buy a suit for prom...I REALLY need a job 
I'm as poor as &quot;I can't even buy Breaking Dawn&quot; 
Hard decision, but had to be done. sorry 
Worried about 'no roof' house n all this rain 
I hate when I'm playing Final Fantasy: Tactics and after a decent run, I forget to save and then run into a map with three Mind Flayers. 
Overnight! no not partying ... working.. 
CCOMG, my followers have dropped by 17  Gutted much!
Concerned... landladies having very heavy convo downstairs. I hope they don't split up 
- Clumsy 'ol me left an awful scratch scar on my nose while attempting to adjust the googles and freestyling at the same time. 
Tommorow I declare as modern history makeup day  LOL help me
This waiter keeps staring at me  Awkward - http://tweet.sg
Break from work. Yay. But it's raining 
Now Playing: Long Distance by Brandy 
@gareth_langston I couldn't justify the cost this time  Bit miffed the new album is a b-sides collection.
Disaster, I forgot to buy mint sauce and I am going to plate the roast in 10 minutes 
yesterday I began crossing things off my list of Hanoi Lasts: http://tinyurl.com/pwo3y7 Problem is some things I already want to do again 
Slow website is slow. 
Free Your Mind was nice!! workin at barefoot tonight..  wanna go to whoosah..
Cry is wht I can do  why u do that to me???? http://myloc.me/2U7V
@WilliamOrbit just makes you think about all the stuff we're breathing in yet mainly oblivious to.Small wonder asthma is on increase too 
450er Crash  http://twitpic.com/6tm9a
@Swizzlesqueak arrghh! That would make me want to slap her! Bloody hell. And course cos of the circumstances u cant say anything 
Surprise..surprise unable 2 fall asleep last nte 
Temee, I miss you. Listening to my cousin's jam at work got me teary eyed 
Attempting English Coursework And Failing Miserably 
Wow....what a night! Finally went all out again!!  Downside: my feet are killing me 
Finished True blood season 1, grrr now I really want to see season 2 
just come back from church, the organ seems to be playing up after its service  so switched to piano instead. Free the rest of the day...
Hurrm now they have gone the Boredom resumes 
is being an emotional mother who thinks she's not good enough for her baby.  Common thought, I imagine.
Hand tremors 
@maine567 Same here. We're really gonna miss yoouu 
Wrapped up the 5 day workshop..one more act to go..bt i think this time jojo wont be around... 
Transposing Lily's Eyes from the Secret Garden down one semitone. However, I've lost the middle page! 
Shot like crap yesterday! Not very happpy! Course was tuff , but still dissappointed! 
@Lint1 Impossible unless they call again 
Graduation in 2 days ): No more elementary.... Skipping to grade 7 instead of 6...... Nervous 
@suprach fell asleep next to me last night. I wish I could say I fell asleep next to her also.  Waiting for my dad to pick me up.
Climbing done. Managed a 6a after a false start. Exhausted and still ill 
Today: Shooting a video, perfect weather for it!! and then last sunday salsa night with sista! i will miss our feuerstein nights !!!! 
Awake and still tired 
back to school tomorrow. Gutted 
@AllyAyr @tezzer57 Perfect sunday afternoon tv  I want my live feed with coffee!
Gutted the sims 3 doesnt work on my computer 
@gverdouw mmm, guilty as charged. Problem just seems to be that I can't find motivation to study 
Gone before we even woke up 
Stuck in the goddamned tube. Visiting family friends in the south west, why oh why couldn't saffas have picked a central area to colonize 
@Bizarre57 i know but it needs to be done or i will have double to do tomorrow 
is o tired because of my HillBilly Family and my histerical sister! Stress is not good for me, lol. Stuck at work 
Should've bought the Candybar license when the Panic sale was on 
BK then church..last sunday @ the Light 
 I wanna be at Encounter  blah.
@Fail__Whale oooh if your bored do all my revision for me and invent a way to plant it in my brain 
Hard 5km run today  bad times. But good times with @loumajer last night!! ;)
Home alone 3 days. That's very boring! 
Horrid day, here since 8 &amp; only jst got a break, customer from hell prob gonna complain bout me 
200 bucks on groceries alone. Recession can? 
@TheGreatDave Inconsistent speed/connection, they throttle torrents like fuck too  Friend across the road also gets better speed with Sky
Hauhahu. Studying from early morning surely doesnt make sense! Hesitate what'll i be able 2 do tomorrw 
Annoyed that my tweets with pics are not showing up!  # premiere who's tweeting the show!?
Oh no! Huge turle crossing I70. Odds don't look good 
@Houns on some pretty heavy duty medication and it kicks. Hard. 
@HoneyButterNuts  unfortunately there's nothing I can do 4 poor Sonnet. Buy some creme .... that'll be $50.
Exhausted. 
GMorn @crystalchappell hope u enjoy this fantastic weather 2day. Expect Monsoons for your upcoming work week.    At least we had weekend!
@elledodd Docs thought I had coeliac for while. Eating out is the hardest 
Showered and dressed and feeling a little more human - really don't want to go back to work tomorrow  !!
Socked in sky once again, I don't think there will be any skydiving today... 
Coilpack failed. Spare but no spanner 
Awake....getting ready for work..first day back in a long time...ugh.wish I could be doing something else 
@neilhimself &quot;This Account Has Exceeded Its CPU Quota &quot; 
@CaseyCupcakes oh is university fun? i'm still in my second year of junior college. doing my A Levels this year. damn. 
@BilalNaseer Not so much a matter of like, but need. Pounding from running is hard on body. Body getting older  needs a rest.
#Swim&amp;Run #Cologne was great!Lesson learnedon't bring water w/ gas.Cost me 5-7min.,easy 
Alone in the Dark is really pissing me off now, I cannot do this bit, its solid 
Quick Question everyone... I send 10-15 messages &amp; my tweetdeck says I've exceeded the limit. What's that about&gt; 
Bloody rain  I have to go out and I will get all soggy 
I want to watch Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind again. 
@choley True...and since you don't know how to operate a parachute you might just end up in the harbor as seal food 
Framing some prints.  Boring and stressful.  
@loulouhusk Same with me to lou  Apparently it is hail stoning as well :S
Looks like youngest son being admitted to hospital as chicken pox taken turn for the worse. Waiting for Doc to confirm. 
@BillyMcCoy Size of venue/audience may have worked against it. There was a huge scrum for cookies at the end that was a bit unpleasant. 
Random nose bleeds suck ...  slaving away in my classroom ... text.
Bitter sweet  2nd of two to graduate today.
Sighs I miss my (chi) city  who wants to kidnap me with promises to drop me off?
Locked myself out of the house 
Awe, farmers market! Why does my town have to be so sucky 
Blast I've still got 8 hours to go  oh I  Need a day off
Stuck at work on a gorgeous sunday afternoon 
Zero motivation to do ANYTHING today! 
Awake &amp; ready to enjoy the day! Dreading another full time work week startign tomorrow 
Play time is over 
Caught our first fish! A skate 
*shudders* I HATE touching leather, really. Mhhhh! Corpse! 
@justinbwilliams You saw Blues Traveler?! I really wish I was there for that Alive @ 5!! 
@mcvane ok so what did you say about Easy Connections because I just read katie's blog post and I missed that conversation  LOL
Beautiful day! I have to work though 
Today did 45 Minutes on my #Punching Bag &amp; 30 Minutes on my# Bowflex + 30  inclined Push Ups. I still can't get rid of this headache. 
The episode is about No Doubt tix! Wow 
Rejigging my wholesale sheet! Stuck on which direction to go with 
hmm, I placed one of my chili plants in the sun on the balcony to find it on the floor some hours later. Damage: 1 branch broke off 
Change of plans! G started puking on the way to church. Turned around and came home. No Luau today. 
Spotted some cute south african / Zambian boys at the wedding today.. But had no wingman so she didn't stay... 
Prison Break ends tonight 
Hard to be witty when one is at their wits end 
needs to find someone to go to the Fall Out Boy/Simple Plan concert with 
So Tired...  &lt;/3
 I can't use the camera, my mother needs it, I had a great Idea too. D:
Also, no more rizzy.  Home now.
Just spent three hours changing my room around, still not finished. Kill me now 
Sonic Unwarranted  - http://tinyurl.com/owd8fw
Should Of Been More Injury Time.. 2 Points ..Disappointing Game.. 
Looking at plane tickets to go Home...I hate how airfare is stupid high to bank on the damn tourists. No resort/beach; just send me Home 
OH: Home. I wanna take a nap so bad but need to do homework  http://tinyurl.com/r9328b
@P_E_S_O_ awwwww  we want p_e_s_o! we want p_e_s_o! (Chanting) lol
Beautiful day outside, and I'm stock in school finishing my homework 
Almost burned my apartment down. Lesson learned: never use votive candles on oil burners 
Re: chocos. Its all over 
Hand hurts like heck now though, bet it's purple tomorrow! I'd wound the chain dog lead around my hand to shorten it ~ ouch 
Yesterday my Daughters and my Grandson left for AZ......        I guess I need another road trip to AZ.......
Best Friend is leaving today! 
Waiting in line for the jump. Backed up. 1 plane out of service 
Lowest point of the day. Officially smoking a pack a day whilst its been 16 yrs. Note to self: schedule a thorax photo-ray, soon 
@rebeccagoings so sorry   Safe travels
Not feeling well today   Sleeping helped though.
@14eleven http://twitpic.com/5zgp8 - delicious BKNG GDNSS!! Gone in 3 days. 
Awwww!! It shouldn't be   it should be )  &quot;So Amazing, Timeless &amp; Victorious &quot;
Scared for my life  kissy kissy goo-goo?
@kazzba found until it was too late coz noone was using the bathroom!  Awe!
@Dawnvanemden Low cut = good. That dress = not good. I don't liek it 
Left my pudding out all night.   No more tapioca.
@CacheAdvance  If one was a journalist as a profession.  Would not one do actual fact checking before putting something into print-Sloppy 
@seblefebvre Ah, we tried to put #seb-day on Trending Topics on your birthday, but I think twitter is against us  xxx
Locked out the house, driving around forced to eat this pint of ice cream I just bought!! 
Missing Travis at the shoot for End Result, Part 3! 
Sight seeing n oklahoma=boring. I mis ashli and steven 
im sorry i sucky jasonsechrest and missed Numbers last night  I looove u!
Smash why doth u reside in mass?? I need ur retardedness right about now 
poison_unspoken: Stranded at spinx because moms truck won't start. 
Dislocated 1 toe in 2 places today. ouch! 
@Attitude471 I was playing drunk monopoly...I lost 
Three rooms down, three rooms and a hallway to go!  Odds on me finishing before late are quite slim 
Wife just left on a motorcycle ride. I still need to get my Washington plates , so I am at home, Drat! 
Same thing taKe 2! 20 pg paper due 2moro and I haven't started =/ plus I NEED to study  have a blessed 1
Odd kind of day. Torrential rain, so cowered in the house. No bike ride  and the briefest of dog walks
Homemade Mayo... not as easy as it looks on youtube.  Ended up with a murky cup of oil.  
@billba Save early. Save often. 
Stuck on the last two 
Watching Heartbeat 
Reading &quot;One Hundred Years of Solitude&quot; for school. 
Just dropped a pine bed on my toe and smashed the shite out of it, blood everywhere, 1st thought was shit I can't ride ! Gutted 
Hardest job to quit ever 
Snowed last night. Now my tomatoes are dormant and my potatoes likely dead.   
Lost a Follower Back To 99 Follower 
Ah Snap! I finally found my half eatten bag of dark chocolate kisses. Melted I might add 
has just done himself a large rum and coke to take the edge off of missing Heartbeat! 
@GemstoneUK Far away from me. 
i wish i could forget about ms paint adventures for 6 months so I could read a whole story in one sitting, like Problem Sleuth 
140 Limit #@!!*##@!! Even twitter hates me  karen
@Bizarre57 yeah the weekends go way too fast  doesn't help that I sleep in til 10am both days haha but I love my bed!
@b_club Shoot! that's long distance! 
@Lucindariding. Ah :| i neeed you  guh. Confusing times and twitters being shit.
We had ants. They are now dead. But boy I hate Scent o' Raid. 
@elkhair so many! But my fav brunch is Quaint....only zagat rated restaurant in sunnyside  But I have lots of great places here
Homebound and got so much packing to do as I'm off again tomorrow morning  Early mornings and airports do not mix!
I have a lot of hate in my heart for a certain guy...I hate him so much that it hurts. Excuse my crudeness but that's just how I feel 
never putting my phone on Silent again- coulda been with my baby right now  hopefully seeing him later. i miss him so much !
@mummytips although you wouldn't think it if you saw me now! Do your girls train? Reluctant to let dd1 as I have lots of back trouble now 
Luckily the benches are here and my sidekick. Focus on something else is good. Wish I knew why I get these attacks 
Writing an impossible research paper that is taking about 5 hours, more like 7. Dreading the other 2 essays I have to do nexttt 
@Sexyjoy386 Tired, and I have an awful headace 
@HurstAkaMiwurdz well as D:ream used to say Things Can Only Get Better. Mind you that was their only real hit 
@b_club Mailbox is full 
Apprentice time. Settling down with some mozzarella bites. Just burnt my fingers with boiling tea. Ouch 
Bloody dominoes aren't sending a pizza to me cause of last night. What a bunch if retards !! I'm hungry 
Free time ends  I got to study right now !
'I'm still waiting for the Explosion' I'll miss you margret.  #apprentice
Load sims load! i hate u vile game. but i love you too 
@ronniebaby010 aww I'm sorry 2 hear that. Break out that homeowner's insurance! A pipe burst downstairs in my basement last week 
Off to school, my cap and gown looks funny on me ! Cap is too small too. 
Left my ds at my cousins house.  
Taken Forums Down: Experiencing Problems With @mybbgroup 
watching The Notebook. 
The site isn't working for me..  Hard to vote when the site doesn't reload!
Waiting for the hangover. Serious sour stomach going. 
Stuck at some country band thing. 
@lucasartsgames The Men of Low Moral Fiber picture isn't working on Twitpic! 
@magicbert they shouldnt as it would be pretty pointless by then. @RetfordFans so it seems  lol. Forced to see Utd and join the forums!
@Sacred_Silence doesnt it all totally suck 
fell over drunk last night. Bruised my check, head and grazed and bruised my ankle 
@Brittanystarrj oh yeaa.. Same thing here had them removed on thrsd 
@Rogue_Leader I was going to live there, but my friend (who would have been all over that victory) passed away 
Head.Ache. 
Wise Bride is over  But it was so great. #wisebride. Headed to a last minute stop before heading home.
Hand's all wrapped up and hurrrrting  So exhausted!
watching Seven Pounds. alone 
@Louiseeee_ i would totally agree that chris fountain has a lovely bottom. Gutted he left. 
I wanna Switch to blackberry  
@saarmst1 Close, but no cigar. 
@Georgina_Milne how are you? Feeling any better? Missed a great weekend, hon 
@buffywoo Same thing to me (working straight off website) .... took the tweet, but didn't post it, instead gave me their 'cute' message 
Seriously? Hail? I can see it bouncing off the ground.. And my car  not cool!
Locked out my house 
Scared to go on my computer. It has 2 trojan horse viruses. 
Stuck doing math reviews and studying at her cousins 
@viewr enables my bad  Thanks for that ;) @SaraChilders Huge error typo sorry for that...will try to change it! Take care!
crying (as alaways) while watching When You're Gone video. The old man... 
Made an incredible shrimp and steak salad... I'm only missing my ginger beer dressing from Liberty!! 
@KristienAntwerp Committee to Protect Journalists. Sowwy. 
@OtaliaRocks LOL! well this one wasn't intentional it just kinda happened! Gutted i slept satday, i missed the football!!! 
Just finishing up reading Breaking Dawn - now what should I do???  
Expired halo halo wtf. 
is not looking forward to Jury Duty 2moro 
@ShonaQ Breaking Dawn's making me cry 
tidied the whole of my room today- pretty impressed with myself i must say. Away to sleep before work 2moro 
@SoftSavage If you want something lighter, then sure, Free Realms is a very easy to learn, colourful game. No inverted mouse though. 
I can't believe people sometimes. Greed and stupidity. 
Leave the pasta one extra fuckin minute and it went from hard to fucking mush. Gutted. Absolute scam. 
Ill never be skinny again if I keep wakin up from naps fienin' for ice cream 
@doktorb #bbc have to at least feign impartiality hence the bnp get air time, why so much though now? Sensationalism journalism  #eu09
@ichigobox too bad re the twitter acct suspension. Same thing happened to my hub when he cleaned his acct by unfollowing a lot of people. 
When you see the story on CNN with the headline &quot;Submarine Runs Aground at Taco Bell&quot;, that's us. 
@MrsAbi Beyond! Crazy people on there! I don't think half of them were even listening to the show. 
Full of fear right now. 
@dougiemcfly hahaha doesent mater It was funny though!! ohh poor pink bass :\ you guys are grate! please dont leave  Ill miss you!
Conflicting priorities - Epic election results / reactions Vs Needing to get up early  #eu09
I want to c the hangover but it's Rated R 
Stuck at my grandparents house. Ughhhhh. 
Trials and tribulations..... 
@c_9 Inquiring... not intriguing. I wish I could attribute that error to my iPhone keyboard. But I can't. 
@wdfarmer that's him. Former national front member and national socialist (Nazi) youth member. Scary man indeed 
@ im not ggoing to change it quinny   Righty oh im off to get some sleep got school tomoz  im getting credit aswell when i come home x
@sallystrtch9 Tear....... 
is saddened by the discovery of there no longer being a Fractured Prune by vienna metro... 
Hair appointment. Starving though... 
http://twitpic.com/6ve7t - Broken axle  @robbymassey it's just not a great day.
In line at Bloom. Prediction: this place is going down hill fast. Disorganized, slow, lack of cashiers. 
Lesson #4: Tupperware Parties, rather then being a relic of the sixties, are alive &amp; well. I've just never been invited to one. 
@ThrillbillyG Spoke too soon. I have to go in 6-30a-2:30p then 10-30p-6:30a 
Keen for hey monday to make a mess in new zealand.. if only!  i &lt;3 jesus. Straight up christian
With @SDotGr8ness talking about Smiles, hoes and getting me a girlfriend..lmao &quot;he's so ackward buuuuuuut I like it!!!&quot;  I miss him LOL
Mixed Emotion, last night we have ended our relationship, It might hurt, but i think this would be better, I know well cope this pain.. 
The worst part is Forgiving someone only because you cant life without them 
This is why I sleep all day, because once I wake up, I eat. Binge.  I don't feel good..
@skinnyblackgirl yes!!!! Gone too soon 
I waited 8 weeks for it...... Surprise surprise, within a day, I LOST IT!!!!!!!! Shoot. 
Speed with my cousin &gt; hanging out with you fags. Just got done making dinner but I'm too tired to eat 
Land of the lost fell thru, now im sitting on my ass! 
Stepped on a sharp thing and it punctured my sandal and my foot. 
Stuck in studio. Lack of fun tonight. No hanging out with the apple peeps tonight. FAIL on my part. 
Toothache is killing me.  Self-medicating with booze.  Appointment tomorrow.  Think I need a new tooth  
@msgoth84 i almost watched Death Note last night but fell asleep  i haven't really watched it but it looks cool.
@MarleeTXS really? Shoot I wonder how much damage I've done 
Gutted, despairing 
Stuck in traffic on ninety five. 
@eboogie He lost his younger brother in '96. Fell out window from the 16th flr of hotel in Venezuela. Awful! 
@TarosCristina Bashing the actors themselves and their families is just beyond wrong, imho. 
Mood = Concerned 
@omgitsn33ps Awe!! I'm sorry  did it like smash into a million pieces?
It's the Return of the Foam and I for one am not a happy camper 
Stomache..  and we're suppose to eat buffet dinner after work. I'm so gonna die.. Rolls.
Awake at 3.33am.. not good 
Vacation in 2 weeks, Ill be gone for 10 days. Thats the longest me and megan will have gone without seeing each other since 8th grade 
@KaZ10 Bit nervous about missing stuff 
Broken my netbook going to have to find away of reinstalling windows with a cd drive 
i can't really hear the Next to Normal cast 
I am so out of touch with video game news. One of the characters in Left 4 Dead 2 looks like the dad in Family Matters.  Whyyy.
I'm gonna sing the I hate my life song right now, because I hate my life right now  Escape por favor.
I hate not being able to find things on the internet. Ticked. 
Just got home. Hail on ground - some places half an inch thick. Plants not all too happy.  - http://mobypicture.com/?ae17ea
@yun753 I was joking! Joking I tell you!  lol
i think someone that was a friend and apart of my life has gone today, he threatened Suicide earlier.  most of all i hope he's okay.
@RockStarTCook Da trip was about him, till I caught that Chain Reaction &amp; started Relaxing. I tripped, we dipped, I slipped, He flipped 
WWE Extreme Rules PPV Thumbs Down 
I'm falling asleep. I can barely keep my eyes open. Problem is, I have a lot to finish before tomorrow. 
Stuck up with symbol-level model for equalization in HSDPA signals 
I think Extreme Rules sucked 
Worried about my aunt... 
@Haunt1013 I really could've done without that image... given all new awful spam. 
@anderzole: Deadliest Warrior is getting lame. 
@Surfarama @glennedley @rowsell ugh. Spoke too soon  But I did get into settings though!
@powerofthought I didn't get an email from you.   Double check it.
Left my phone charger at home...who knows how long it will last. 
Stuck in bad traffic 
Off to sleep.  that Next to Normal didn't win. I've been listening to that music since 2004 when it was a bootleg called Feeling Electric
Upset I can't find my CHI! 
Broken hookah house  but still were fuickn having funnn!!!!!
Meimor of an Imperfect Angel is such a hard concept 
updating podcasts on ipod &amp; then driving to Atl to Schneider terminal to sleep. Delivering in Atl @13:30 apparently.  boo
Vote for @tomfelton!!! He's 4th now!!  http://bit.ly/VwV6H
Snow Patrol - Chasing Cars    i miss mother theresa   going to bed. bye twitter.
The Breakup was a bad movie choice for tonight...now I'm all sad and everything 
Wanted Dolly to win  #tonys
Waiting 4 hubby 2 get off work. Overtime, baby! 
Listening to -Panic! at the disco- bringing back memories of the 1st month of 2006. 
@brittyynicole I still need to watch that!! Ill have to in the morning or something! I wanna see them this summer 
*ugh* I'm hungry...what's there to eat??? I'm craving sum Rally's...but no fast food tonight 
@trent_reznor i want Closer!! 
Real sad  came home to an empty apartment. I miss my baby cousin already.
So Tired  But i have to go to skool... ewwww
Is crying because I'm watching &quot;The Pursuit of Happiness&quot;. He was trying sooo hard to support his family, will anyone give him a break? 
@PrinceSammie Same cold, different season! 
Loose the first one with a guy calling me completely without pot odds and the second one with kings cracked by aces 
@anumvighio i wanted to learn CPR some 10 Years back  but no one had a dummy back then  .. I want that dummy how much it is for ?
Want to sleep. Foot hurts  ice isn't helping. Stinging foot does not make for a nice comfy relaxing sleep. This is so fricken annoying.
Scared for Vocal Testing Tomorrow at 9:15am!!!  
What a weekend! Talked to the greatest girl ever (she knows who she is), and won a samurai sword!! The Wings loss was the only bad part.  
@1AdrianNeal yeah. Its trippin tho. Showing tweets like 5-10 mins after they're typed and its flooding/going slow. Bad sign maybe? 
Boreddd. I just woke up. I feel asleep at eleven something. Odd. I hads scary dreams. 
O HAI Chance of Thunderstorms starting at 1pm tomorrow 
Missed your goodnight text  - Rest well as I will love you always!
Stuck in the rain..... boohoo. 
can't figure out this stupid thing    Waiting for girlfriend to make fun of me....
@BOOGIESWORLD I'm charging up the ipod and bberry in the car. Left my wall chargers at home. 
Playing Crackdown now, Far Cry 2 was boring  Another new piece of art, the 1 hour monster task: http://ladytruds.blogspot.com/
@stevenixon Up not quite as early but still dragged into waking world reluctantly at 6.20! Case of world hitting me.  Mew, sleep, pine 
Doing a talk on freeware and social media at work today, which means I must replace my gimped office internet with my wireless. Cost: $10 
Stuck in peak traffic on way to airport.  so late! &quot;I couldn't eat anymore but I am so sad that it's over&quot;-PKD  http://twitpic.com/7g70s
Hard Hitters ... Hit by bouncers !!  
Only facebook pages with 1000+ users can get their own facebook domain. Ripped off! 
grandpa fell n got rib fracture in Macau. Worry that he won't speak up if he needs help... 
just finished our class notes while watching The Pursuit of Happyness. Ironic how this movie did not make me happy. 
Beautiful and warm sunny day - on my way to work 
@sarahacoustical ya i like em.I know but I can't go  I would DIE to see Simple Plan, but I cant take the time off.So im seein MT instead
Awake! Far too early but had a horrible dream 
@kat2492 awh  you'll be fine. Just keep going hey. Battle on through. I have two chemistry exams tomorrow. Yukyukyukkkk
30 minutes math  so Boring.
Forecast says it's going to rain today. 
:: Rather exhausted... Chilling at home with no internet  text me
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make it drink. Same goes for  trying to steer friends away from poor relationship choices 
@Andyqsmith Tired, got struck by insomnia last night  How are you?
Byeeee, college time  Full day of rehursals.... THAT SUCKS!!! x
Encountered a mean check-in lady @ the airport  Zen time! Ooooommmmm..
@yeldon Ahh, fair enough. Bit harsh though 
Perfect. Recorded Game 5 last night (it's not on 'til about 1am here) and the first thing I see on twitter this morning? Who won. Cheers 
Closer my bday n the 1st comes the more I worry about money!  plz stop the worrying!
I don't know how to turn my avatar green in a timely fashion...  Tips?
Experienced sleep paralysis for the first time Essentially a nightmare I was aware was happening but couldn't wake up or move. That's new 
Shift+Delete should be disbled 
@VelvetSyndicate There's also the fact that Kim is violating the Partial Test Ban Treaty the way his tests are setup. Bad for the planet 
Awake  why????
Random people following me is kinda creepy 
Oh god its 9 am and im actually awake, this is disgraceful. Bloody builders re doing my driveway woke me 
Aim me or twitter me awake...i died waiting 
Sitting at a curb at wawa having hazlenut coffee and two donuts. Left work 15 mins ago and it's now 4am 
@PresidentNickJ Perfect song for today. Today is 3 years since my uncle passed away from cancer. 
Task application on windows mobile phone is worthless no filter other than catagory 
@Torn13 holy shiznee!  thats quite a chunk of time.  the sad thing bout me bein happy is i used to do it all the time last yr.  
@vibroaxe I'm glad that's not one of the things I inherited from mum. I do get annoyed by my heartburn though. Limits my drinking 
No secretary this week, damn woman goneon holiday.  Diary already has me in 3 different meetings in 2 countries at the same time 
Update: emotional turmoil. ETA 3am. Waiting until he feels ready to drive. Wish we stopped at an AmPm instead of Arco 
Stepped on Stubb in the dark then almost broke his leg off  But he is okay and asleep on my bed
Car in for pre MOT service. Expecting a very big bill the way it's been groaning and creaking 
Anyone know where i can watch True lood season 2 epi 1? In another country hence can't watch! 
I think it's sad that Count Chocula drinks the blood of chocolate bunnies. 
Boredd, Tired and i have a sore throat  moan moan moan.
Cause the person who has my bike won't answer me 
So 3.5 hours of sleep then work for 3 hours, come home to get ready for asb meeting, go to meeting, eat, back to work till 10pm. Hard day 
@JeremyCShipp Thats not nice of Count Chocula to drink the blood of chocolate bunnies, that thought will haunt me all day. 
I Really Need A New Ipod !! Mine Keeps Breaking  ...... I Want A Purple One =]
also visited elderly father yesterday. He's in pain, thin, shaky, and very emotional. Upsetting to see him like that 
@ScarecrowKing  I don't have Final Draft myself (yet) - but I do totally understand how such a thing can completely mess your day up 
@jordaaaannnn the Nowhere man wont be happy about that  we should go hide in the Octopus's garden.
@black_buzzer One of my kids knocked over my motorcycle and it hit a neighbours car. I have to pay for the damage. Bit arguements too 
Bomb squad! I'm scared 
@hannahbeck8 thx  but I truly canNOT see without these. Tape will look so terrible.
just finished watching what looked like the final episode of 'Mile High' 
Counting down for the P!nk concert and I aint even there!  Faker would be singing &quot;Heart Attack&quot; Right now. Ive been lots can you tell.
Anxiety level: spiking. Accomplishment level: remaining steady at 0. 
also what the hell is an IllegalAnnotationException? Why do I keep getting it? Lack of documentation / examples is killing me 
I keep staring at my Term 3 transcript, this is what you get for not making any trade offs and taking all the tough subjects  grumps !!!!
Audio: Thieves Like Us -Drugs in my Body drugs are bad  http://tumblr.com/x5n21r1za
SOS! Stuck in a sickeningly boring meeting for planning on a supremely boring event 
Thoughts of High school is giving me social anxiety. How sad is that? 
On my way to the gym on this rainy sluggish day... Then maybe some pool time to relax &amp; make the day go by faster... Homesick 
@vesula  Same here.  The actual leaving is horrible 
I feel as if I'm gonna throw up.. Stuck at home feeling sick 
I have the bug  I am soooo ill! Laid up in bed needing to be looked after!
@richardlockwood ooops - was that my fault  Ill get my wallet out...
Regretful that I didn't, not that I did 
@danhowarth - let @grazedotcom know, they're pretty good with refunds on the rare failures. Bit of a Royal Mail fail there I think 
I have to leave for work in one hour and I've been up all night. Crying. 
@tasj_NK True &amp; it sucks! 
@LukeStratford Annoyed, uploading a whole lot of photos to some photo site from myspace, nobody uses myspace anymore 
@fergusnoodle he pretended he didn't know The Game of Eyes when I last saw Gorky's 
Just when we thought our daughter was over her sickness. Projectile vomit at 3:30am for the lose. 
@franciepancy Same to u, cuckatoo! I was looking for u to talk to u after I submitted my paper but i no find u 
LATE : I dint wake up to the Alarm! Shiyet!  
Funeral  very bad bad bad bad times....
@Jewlicious Oops, tweeted on 2 little sleep.  Correcting a bit.ly link is impossible   So, I've made another.   http://bit.ly/JewsForPeas
Hopeless in DIYs 
@EmilyK_4 Same here. I want a warning this time. 
It's entirely possible that I just butchered Talking Heads 
Stuck in work while the sun shines. 
is tryng to watch Kill Bill Vol. 1, but the sound is too faint and cant find compatible sub-titles.... 
Awake after a very long, mostly sleepless night 
1st day of proper holiday starts. Already down to one book  must write to do list at some point, or y'know, do stuff. Wisdom teeth ar ...
Just Got Home. I think I broke my voacl cords. 
Broken tailed cat now has a limp. What's going on with my boy?! 
Just watched a movie called Mega-shark Vs Giant-octopus. It wasn't as good as it sounds 
Scared of what might be the outcome of the rally today.  #iranelection
Rally is about to begin! I can't help worrying about what the police will do with people... 
so sad i can't watch the season 2 of True blood tonight.. 
so sad i can't watch the season 2 of True blood tonight..  http://bit.ly/nMei7
Whole day almost wasted doing nothing becos of the pain 
Kill the damn mosquito 
Whole day I did one thing  .....listening.....
Boss just sent me home. I don't work well with others 
@hashimura Mind if I follow? It won't let me. 
Stuck in an almight traffic jam in inverness, looks like it's going to add a couple of hours to our journey 
@ghostangel I want the &quot;Meet the Medic&quot; video already  Spy, Scout and Heavy are my favorite XD why yes, I've found tf2 slash &gt;_&gt;; (i&lt;3it)
hates forgetting to take laptop charger... Wasted two hours going back home 
wanted to go see Lee play with Shaped by Fate tonight but nobody else seems to be going  also i FAIL at trying to get keys for new flat!
Afraid this work week might be really painfull!! 
Still no news about the faith of the CNET's Indecent Exposure podcast 
At work. Whole body is sore 
Superb ... thunder and heavy rain just as I need to go out 
@thesixthaxis Link broken  Excited bout that one!!
Just jumped out of my own skin when a takeaway menu or some Christian propaganda or similar popped through the letterbox. Unstable today 
Awake but sick. Not going in this morning- hopefully I'll feel better by lunchtime so I can work a half day at least... 
Rules.. I don't like you  You never get old
Chain Reaction: runners don't hold extra jeans length up, jeans too long, I sound like a shuffly teenager when I walk. Not good. 
Site is now for sale. Does not have time to finish it.  Price is minimum $200
Fractured 
@gingoreilly @RHole Harsh stuff 
Beautiful song...but so sad...  http://bit.ly/12WNwQ
Made it to Annexe 10min late. Full house so i'm doomed to watch frm outside..no sound.it's mute..very disappointed 
I am running on like maybe 2 hours of sleep. Sort of miserable right now 
 / I feel so ... ... Left out
Left phone at home this morning  but am home so picked it up bout to get changed into nice weather clothes
Just going to bed :-0 Fly back home at 3pm 
*Sighs* This is not good  I just haven't been able to sleep the last week or two..only 2ish hours last night... even tried counting sheep!
@ademwithane I was (italicised) going for &quot;sassy&quot; and &quot;amusing&quot; with that response :/ Epic fail  (points deducted for using Epic Fail)
Was off to a &quot;Deep Dive&quot; Session in Redmond but am no longer going   I was going to add my  extensive techy skills, ive been found out ;)
Burned my hand. Smooth move 
S confirmed with peanut and hazelnut allergy - no more Nutella she will be gutted!! Waiting to hear the plan from docs 
Accounting Midterm at 5.. I'm somewhat prepared.. I think 
@LoveHoney Bondage tape is awesome! Like, really awesome! And I can't tell many of my friends cause they already think I'm weird. 
Awake early again and doesn't know why 
My Hip hurts lol I sound 70 but it really does 
@GeoBlogs just started to rain here. Left my coat at home 
Hates Being Ill 
Feet are killing me. Walking with no trainers on is agony, poor poor feet 
Shocked! Ngeliat secara live orang kelindes bus! 
@BBCWeatherNorth Disappointing so far in Coanwood. One small flash this am. 3 good rumbles of thunder. Camera poised - no drama 
Reality is sinking in now 
Still Recovering from weekend, and my mom didnt wake me up 
@iissaa16 Fine you changed it.  )
Dead leg :O and foot so not fun  x
@thebratts Mandatory hand over meetings 
Favicon ripoff from Smashing Magazine  http://is.gd/12uKp &lt;-&gt; http://is.gd/12uLd = See the similarity
why is TweetS60 crashing? Re installing isn't helping either... 
Worried that I'm an oddball, no one seems to understand my jokes 
Sitting in jury selection 2day. Grateful to live in a democracy, and also hoping I don't get picked 
@Dynamomagician Waiting in the car for this rotten rain to stop. 
Problem with Ant Build 
@Fad45 nice! You're not finished tomorrow too are you? 
@pooda yeah laundry is not my e Idea of a good time... But my bro uses like 8 washcloths a day!!  dammit
Know anyone looking 4 wedding gown?  Formal attire? Leather riding gear? Killer Shoes? DM me pls!  I have to raise $$ for surgery No INS. 
@decaydance wait the one in nyc???!!? WHY?  &lt;Fob is my life&lt;3&gt;
It's hard to fill a whole collection of Wheat Pennies.  Expensive too. 
Locked Bella in the bathroom so she wouldn't escape. I feel bad 
Child development revision is soooo boring!!!  (N)
making the next step to Frequent Flyer Platinum status. Yay! Another Plane 
@thfanvee Awe. I hope you find it! 
Headed to cafe to finish up some paperwork! Shoot for today was cancelled at the last minute 
In Jury Duty &amp; It Sucks 
Proper toilet, proper food, proper cup of tea, proper bed; SCORE   this weekend was immense.  I miss @The_Blackout though  (L)
Home. Crammed four days of site seeing into two days. Plowed over a coyote on the way home  Today is my day of rest.
Exhausted from grading, came in a little late this morning. 
@peachy3101 That sounds dangerous. and fun.  Fine, I'll just quit my job so I can be available 24/7.
@MechanicalMoose It's cause my bass is always too loud, or too quiet I think. Overpowers the small mic, or can't be heard at all 
Annoyed at the crap weather 
Jury duty day #3-LATE. Thanks A train! 
Spilled my bag of cherrios in my purse 
Everyday on the way to work a see a pomerainian witha little gimp leg and its looks so pityful 
http://twitpic.com/7gs7w - Checking if posting from twitpic works from my browser, does not from Gravity 
Home again, back to work.    
Just wroke up &amp; now im bored cause i have nithing to do  i hope theres somethin interestin on tv today! Doubt it tho 
Vacation officialy over back to work in 30 min 
@paperbat ah, she is @Immortal_Flower now. Reason obscure. At least to me, but then I was incarcerated. 
If everyone had to send checks each quarter, there would be revolution in the streets tomorrow. Ignorance breeds complacency. 
--&quot;It's not 'We were going to.'&quot; It's 'We WAS going to.&quot; (Actual quote overheard today at the office. Grammatical Fail!   )
@missjeffreestar sounds like you're having a rough time.  Cheer up hun. So many people love you. &lt;3
@Change_Clothes hmmm.... 
Nerding out. Reading some Breaking Dawn until it's time to go to work 
@yankee32879 True - can't wait to see how that shakes out. I'm pretty pumped for the draft, even though I wish I was going up  #NHLdraft
@Noufah work pressure, stress, anxiety ...&gt;&gt; shortness of Breath.. 
meets her first peril of the casual carpool: a dog is the standard back seat rider. And wearing a black velvet skirt.  Masking tape stat!
Small things make big difference. Complex simplicity. Completely underappreciated area        
Hard to sleep in on my day off, when i am needed to do so much. 
@clotworthy http://twitpic.com/7gtro - Temporary blindness is no joke 
Getting some laundry done and then off to work in about an hour. Boring. I wish I had the day off so I could go biking. 
30 minutes late to work. Ripped my jeans. 
@glencocco Same problem! Nahuhulog ko lagi  oh weeeell. I'm giving up, time to replace. Hayayay.
Arghhhh i want to sleep so bad.  is it a full moon or something? Cause everyone's been really weird and it's starting to get unbearable :#
@the_sandra I took some dayquil and its not working. Ughhhh  I think we have theraflu, though. Ill take some later
Stolen Wallet   Has anyone ever dealt with loosing your UBI card?
Stuck at home 
Annoyed that she's awake right now 
A lot of mails sent, a guest lecture set and an extended abstract accepted. Positive working day, but I did not play football 
@LodurZJ Stuck loading for me. 
@dcrmom oh- me too! &amp; a kindergartner. Double *sniff* 
Stuck in class. 
@NextwaveRay SAD   See, &quot;Sleeper Cell&quot; involves NANOMACHINES ooo, cool stuff....not a lot of sadness  just national annihilation.. : /
Goodmorning goodmorning , and I'm not in a good mood : Unhappy :-/ verry unhappy	
@farrahfaithlove why? haha nagdadrama din ako dito sa panonood ng 1 Liter of Tears 
Beware of online fraud - I got 3 charge backs this week  http://tinyurl.com/ms29qb
Just got told to &quot;learn how to drive&quot; by some bitch.. I was doing 5 in the parking lot of Pic n Pay 
@mileyfashion Same, I'll miss it too. 
Ugh... I'm. Personal Trainer, not a Prostitute  WTF????
Mandatory meeting an hour before my shift  not what's up
Rate limit exceeded on @tweetie makes me a sad panda. 
@ChreeesDunn Aww pooby! When it says that, I'm sure it means it's on its way though. Cause it's no longer in the 'packing' stage. I dunno 
back from cruisin'.... Reality 
wishes he was at the Enter Shikari signing 
Guitar was .... Painful 
Real heartwarming. Thats what the cheap wine last opened two weeks ago felt like 
@nagylover @lajohnson73 Oops or I used too  Shoot, guess I haven't been there since I dropped the pop drinking habits.
Finished 10 uphill miles; last 4 with many blind intersections. Unclip clip. Unclip clip. Tedious. &amp; bluetooth quit; no music. 
@Vixster25 I've till tomorrow morning 2 decide. Right now, I AM attending the Summit but, my Husband's been called in2 the office @ work 
Crossing my fingers, I'm on call for Jury duty 
Righty ho, off to school for my meeting. Fingers crossed it doesn't go on til 9pm like last year  Bloody parents ;)
Tip of the day: do your best not to start the day w/ a fight &amp; leave mad; makes for a crappy day, esp when other blows off apology. 
@johnthetoilet sounds like fun Ill be walking into the torture chamber in about 10 min 
Updated lineup for Outside Lands 2009...looks like I'll end up getting the 3 day pass, which in total will cost $250  http://znl.me/XYY13
High: Finally feels like summer!!  Low:  Kind of a slow morning at HP 
Perfect timing... my new computer is delivered and I have to leave for work.... now I have to wait 3 hours to open it! 
All about branding: Extremist Right and Passive Left, Radical RIght and Passionate Left ... whats wrong with this picture! #tcot #tlot 
Its wanna those things you don't wanna believe.. But you have to   r.i.p boyys &lt;3 -- Gone but never forgotten   &lt;3
I have to leave for Wedding Action meeting and at this precise moment the weather has changes to a thunder storm. 
I just tried to vote for the Teen Choice awards and got DENIED! I didn't realize they were so strict!  sorry @perezhilton and @ddlovato
@mediahasyou Looks like the politicians are digging a *deep* hole for us. Bailout for insurers already making billions.  #tlot #tcot
Alone today 
Hotter than a sauna in here. I'm right up front but can't take photos  #blur
Secret for today: I'm only wearing one contact bc I have pink eye!!! 
Real estate class way too early 'o clock...  Mondays r the worst
Low carb day = low energy day  Preparing application portfolio for new Master's programme International Laws...And eating eating eating
Still no Upward Bound books 
Ill settle for carrots 
Beautiful day yesterday then from out of no where a storm...wiped out my modem 
@JoeJonas1Fan1 which age did you put cause i can't go 
It struck me that whenever we are frustrated with our kids, the underlying message is, &quot;I wish you weren't like that.&quot;    Devastating.
Perfect staying in weather-only thing missing is him  I hope he gets drenched (that'll teach him) mwah-ha-ha-ha! &lt;3
I really want a Capture Card..  
Bloody flight now delayed to 20:05 
@Slave2beauty @jilliandanica ikr, i cried so much during this movie, esp the part where hes with his son in the bathroom stalls 
@xxPipper  Awe.. I'm so sorry, sweetheart 
Cheered up yet?  @dcrre Here is a cheesy joke 4 you: What do you call a fish with no eye ?
working.. .-. Listening to music and looking for a new place to live. 
@bonolicious2 I know! There are some really nice ones by school but they're like 1K per month + utilities. Cheaper ones are kinda sketch 
Broken guitar string already!?!? no more practice for me 
I think i messed up his order tho. Shoot. 
Full of cold 
If I ever see someone singing &quot;Blame it on the Alcohol&quot; one more time, I'm gonna....do something. 
I am drive now with the train to the city to Catch jochen. . He does not send me a message  i am really sad. .
Oh shit!!! Border patrol is at magruder!!!! Its been nice u guys. 
Unsuccessful attempt at bargaining at work.    Maybe I should start a union of ONE! I am the collective.
I have a terrible cold  High temperature, headache... Today I'm better than yesterday but im not good enough yet 
Spoke too soon... 
@MGiraudOfficial Awe I'm going to miss your live chat! I'm at school until 3! 
@playspymaster I can not complete any tasks any longer. Task refreshes, but nothing happens 
2 fails at the same time. Phone is not working and i don't have the tour with Enter Shikari 
Still no San Diego?  @collective_soul By Popular Demand 14 NEW Collective Soul-Black Cherry-Safety Suit Tour Dates http://bit.ly/CSrabbit
Worried about my dog She has not felt well the last few days. I swear I saw her crying a few times yesterday 
Gutted. The hotel i wanted is fully booked on the dates i'm after 
I wannna take a nap ... Not go to work !!!  !!! Tired today 
Gutted re the cricket 
@knivesinmyeyes I know, right? End of a fucking ace era. 
@Total_Collapse that stinks 
Left work early because my throat closing off 
@jellybeans1 Everytime I try to look at your blog it says 'Operation Aborted' and than it kicks me out 
When there is nothing left to do people pray, what do I do if I don't believe? Reality leaves you all out of options. 
Scratch that...no night at home for me. Going to watch a friend's son play baseball.  It'll be fun, tho! Quick nap first!! Lol!!
@sadxposed stop being Mean too People 
Busy day here at Kudzu Atlanta -- Double-dosing on the Emergen-C! Cold germs galore  Doctor visit? http://bit.ly/MFWWt
@Darkened_Sol After 15/20 mins then go offline? He was on about how he got with this slaggy girl then he did a sad face 
Now on to Liquid Tension Experiment... Study completeness = 0% 
@Darkened_Sol After 15/20 mins then go offline? He was on about how he got with this slaggy girl then he did a sad face  Then I just said
@MachineMusicBox  Tears 
@kris_landgraf Missed it last night  Heard it was good though..hoping to catch it soon on onDemand.
got most of my classes for next year -  bit of AH and bit of INT2, but no Higher. Losing S4 science  , but getting new S3 sci &amp; phys.
Scared of thunder!!!!!! 
Fed Ex didn't show up before work  no fabric today I guess
Holding job app for adult bookstore. Tired of getting taken advantage of while trying to build a career. Screw having a career. 
@hellschilde17 Bloody hell, poor gareth!  That'll stop him screaming (erm I mean singing!!) for a while  http://myloc.me/3WUI
@BValentinePro Teasing? I thought you were being serious... haha but I'm out tonight  we should iChat soon though!
first day of this summer program was...interesting to say the least! Tired and wanting to nap but its too late in the day 
Just got done at ranch. Feet hurt 
@rosspj I think it is time for tea, then to bed. Cause I am in at 6am 
Locked myself out of house and car today.  
I wish my kids were still small,so I could have more mommy time with them n hold them close. Empty nest syndrome is startin to get to me. 
Gutted I missed the thunderstorm 
Subject (me) leaves office. Cue thunderstorm. Subject gets drenched despite umbrella    http://twitpic.com/7ht32
Fixing the computer is a bit iffy today. Danm  for failing Hard drives. 
@crimeficreader Cheap and cheerful and use once then 
Ever took a punch in the ribcage sonnny. I'm in love with kasabian! Thin tights - never that  yuck! I'm yellow x
@paranoid_ lmao same. Actual tears, ft everyone!!! Nicks dougs fav  ddhjkhfdfh
Electricity is back. Alarm went off.....but thunder storm is still going 
http://twitpic.com/7hvrn - Miserable weather from the office this morning. 
@ceethedon lmao ugh i wish i can hustle  shit has me soo stressed im gon sell ass or sumthin lol uhm. Fire island is wat it is....Gay.
@JoeJonas1Fan1 yeah its amazing!! u gotta go!! u cannot miss it!! its like the perfect world!! except that the jonas arent in it 
I got my copy of Lines Vines and Trying Times it's amazing i'm still trying to open it though  I will get it open though!
@ejf11 True!  lol I'm crap with confessing those things anyway.
Burned my hands in the sun  It fucking hurts...
Left work, stuck in traffic, saw bf for 20ish min, then he went back to work 
@SundeepToor Re-uploading  I knew that was gonna happen, I was too quick to announce it was online!!
I hate mondays, just got done cooking dinner.  So tired after helping family with their roof still not done. Same old me.
She got a little more than 5 mins in and refused it. Apparently she has a major no-no clause to throat slicing.  So Close... 
Caught in a hail storm on the way home. On the scooter 
Since I don't have a truck or means of transport   I'll let someone share the joy: Free pool table in NoPo http://bit.ly/7IQJk
@MindMeddlerEd Same.. I stayed home from gymnastics today because of a bad headache. 
UGH! Migraine! Climbing into bed. Good thing theres a ton of good tv shows on tonight. Trying to look on the bright side. Yay POTS 
I Should've Known Better 
Dream land wouldn't come  xx
Heard pep talk to franchisee: &quot;People love luxury travel. No one wants to buy books!&quot; Nostalgic for my six years in online book industry. 
Inefficiency makes me sad 
Worried. 
Working Overtime 
Alone  dinner on patio, thinking of working out then watching a chic flick
@octavianasrCNN check the video i posted on my facebook page.... quite strong yet sad!!!!  &quot;Letter to the world&quot;
Locked out of my house and starving 
@Schnicker its incredibly cold tho. I'd be enjoying it more if we were going up the mountain...but it is very pretty. Left camera at home 
Extra depressed  I wish Id have done anything to go to wembley :'(
Shattered after first nite back at trainin in ova two months 
http://twitpic.com/7i3hi - I need Run Away 
Irritated!!!!!!! I need to look for other sources of income it seems 
@jenasalice I am going to try and finish Breaking Dawn tomorrow because I have a paper to write tonight 
Killer headache. Not so fun 
No babes on the plane. Serious chrome hearts action though... 
Free period allll on my lonesome 
Beautiful, stormy day squelched by rays of icky sunshine 
Is anybody else's Internet connection slow?  Porn is taking forever to download. 
@allergist No, Cause I miss you too  *sniff*
@Kittenbomb True, but he's not a time lord anymore...and Rose is off being a hooker on Secret Diary... 
I'm that girl on the bus falling asleep doing the head bob. How embarassing, I almost dropped my book on the floor.  = Tired!
Just got home from work. Tired. 
I've a final tomorrow, and I've left my text in my classroom. Genius, yeah? 
is very sad. I don't know why I bother. I always end up hurting SOMEONE. Dosen't matter how hard I try to please someone, always. 
another series of ideal over.  we should start an ideal trend #Ideal
#Ideal will miss it for another year 
Yay. Small grammar/clarification victory for our manuscript. Is that worth missing my ballet class tonight? 
Know what really makes me cringe? Finding little pieces of chewy stuff in cooked chicken...blegh  Quickest way to lose my appetite!
Broken hearted, macbook screen cracked, again.  and of course when its time for my spanish lesson.
@buongiornodaisy Do you have any icon-making capacities? Cause I don't. 
http://twitpic.com/7iagw - I only like this one because it was the only picture I had not ruined  lol Trip to the Bronx Zoo. Boring!
@PritePriteGood Awe!  sorry to hear you're not super mega happy.
@julianweisser if I want to get the new iPhone I would have to pay $600. Kill me 
i don't know what to do. I am Boring 
@adammshankman aww that's okay, i'm 5'4&quot; and it doesn't look like i'm getting any taller  Short people of the world unite! 
just called in... and I have to be at Jury Duty tomorrow morning at 9am... gee... i wont be buying a lottery ticket tonight 
wishes she could wake up and be out of debt! Impossible, I know. 
Awakened this morning in a state of very bad stomachache. Should I still  attend the stock simulation today? 
wishes she could wake up and be out of debt! Impossible, I know. 
Stuck at lax.  flight delayed.
Forced to watch the bachalorette.....   The female movement in the house wins this one 
Not feeling great this evening. Missed VBS. 
Going to tweet all I can before &quot;Downtime&quot; 
Strange... and probably sick. 
@SylFabulous no, i just like slipped in the rain on a toe i've already done this to before  Hard to walk anywhere for very long.
I really thought I was early enough to miss the Tobin traffic. Wrong 
Break time is almost over  i'm gonna start my road to recovery in aisle 8 tonight
Just experienced my first basil joint at the local thai restaurant... Gag don't puke don't puke! 
Is craving a cup of &quot;feel good&quot;! yum yum! Not a big Fan of having the flu! 
Spent a chunk of time with the outsourcing agency.  Hooray Knowledge Acquisition Phase ... but now my brain hurts 
Record shopping by myself just isnt the same 
Unsuccessful shopping trip 
My netflix disc is damaged  Return to sender! I suppose it was only a matter of time considering I watch so many.
tyler broke his arm  but he is feeling and acting normal now. Waiting a week for the fiberglass cast...
Wow. Sort of sad in an odd sort of way. 
Grocery shopping. Alone  no one ever comes with me.
Getting the car washed. Badly needed it   http://yfrog.com/0v24057062j
The 14 year10 mth old kid rec'd a plaque, certif. &amp; LETTER for her tennis exploits. Problem is..she didn't tell us of party until after 
Perfect day!!   pain in the foot, brigade to friend and a silly brother
Does anyone know if I lent out my Final Fantasy Tactics game out to anyone? I cant find it anywere 
at UMC Quick Care with a sick kid 
1 away from 100 followers. Problem: 75% are non real tweople. 
and now that I have ate my pizza, I realize I should have bought something to drink with it.... Bit thirsty now. 
@MyInnerJuCJuice  I dont know why he hasnt been around!  Strange!!  
I am so scared... This storm has me freaking out.  talk to me. Comfort me! Text: ***-333-4302
Worried about the next step 
Dance class was filled with fail tonight. Left turns are hard. 
I watched Home Alone and now I wish it was Christmas 
@stitchie Either in cab or restaurant   woo woo woo~~~  So many aps, &amp; my SOS notes, so many sermons notes inside~~~  Wailing~~~
Trapped in corner of my kitchen waiting for the floor to dry. Son dropped/smashed a big glass of milk. 4am is perfect for washing floors 
is on Kepner Tregoe's Problem Solving &amp; Decision Making training... It's gonna be long n boring 4 days..  http://myloc.me/3YSF
@tiffehawk hey.  Ill be in houston sunday so we need to go out!  I leave the next morning 
Free hotdogs till 8! And the brownie batter blizzard's gross  http://twitpic.com/7ik50
@mohax you didn't hear.. I lost 7 regions worth of data today. Hard drive failure. I did NOT have a backup.. no place to backup to.  
@MrJayDeSimone you can't forget the Starter jackets!! I always wanted one of those but never got one  lol
@SakerTheGreat I wanted to work in my flightsuit  I mght bring my Trap in.
Watching Pride and Predjudice again. Constantly interrupted by commercials.  but feeling a familiar ache.
Dreamed of someone, made me miss th person like crazy and my heart feels sour. 
@melissaroberts So true. Speaking of...I'm heading to bed. Goal #1 this week: force myself to foam roll every morning = 4:30am wake up. 
@shoultz2bloom Huge hugs.  I'm sorry you're having a rough day.
Scared as hell of spiders, n a big one just crossed my path... Scared 2go bac n the kitchen... 
Finally found Zero Mission, but where is my Fusion?!?! 
@katzmoney I forgot that was on.. Wanted to see Favre and if he said anything bout my vikings 
 HRRR wont be open for my trip. Tear.
Exhausted but have to stay up a lil while longer for my lil guy. He was alone nearly all day  xox
So i'm at work sitting in box . . . Alone. . . I feel very lonely 
Why did Pure Reason Revolution have to go all electro? It sounds okay but it's nothing on their progressive stuff 
@Gilamuffin Rough day to say the least  how r u?!
About to eat with some cool people. Storms passing. Lightening is pretty. Hail is scary though 
Here comes tonights storm. I would love it if I didn't have to worry about it raining in the living room. Roofer never called back today 
@thatjenn I found my first gray hair a couple years ago. It wasn't on my head. True story. 
#WWE Drinking Game tally for the night: 21 drinks, 10 sips, 1 (big) swig. After that last match, I wish I were drunk. 
Picked up my Givenchy and Christian Louboutin shoe collections 4 2moro FORD test shoot. Worst part of styling, have to give pieces back 
@OurLadyPeace When did you take The Right Stuff out of Burn Burn?!? 
@SiaLikeWhoa Stuck here at work... 
@colocelt I usually only go to Tracks when my friends drag me out  I need to do some shopping in a few weeks, perhaps I can go there..
We had a Funeral for our hamster 
Play time is over back to work tomorrow!! 14hrs killer.. 
Got my new RAM today from #Dell. Installed, no boot  Called Tech Support, we reinstalled the RAM, it boots  I suspect Dell Jedi Tricks.
needs to play &quot;catch up.&quot; should i go for Half Life, Dead Rising or Call of Duty 4. I never got to finish any of them 
I'm feeling violently ill. Kill me 
@JoeQuesada Untrue. I avoid promos and forums specifically to be unspoiled. It robs me of my enjoyment when I know what's going to happen 
Awe, I wanna have a secret handshake with someone. 
Left ankle is swollen and hurts like asdjkl  - http://tweet.sg
@Addicted2DEW  thanks for making me relive that moment 
achy feet  sulky boss bt i'd be too.. Messy organisers!!
Exhausted. 
NOt broadcasting. Fighting with computers. 
Left my girl @dresdnbombshell a voicemail...probably the most lamest voicemail I've left for anyone EVER 
@SDanik ugh! I don't want strangers in my neighborhood!  Door to door is a super creepy way to look for biz!
Spilled ma fuckin frosties in work. Smells of milk now 
Weak ass graduation practice tomorrow...  
@Wild__Child would I be a bad friend if  told u I didntknow u were takin summer classes and played halo  
Ohmygah. Huge crash in the garage. I'm scared 
is working late. Recovering from stomach bug. 
Scared right now! 
Wow Epic Giants Fail. Won't be wearing my orange tomorrow 
Burned my tongue on apple pie 
Could have been home right now if I would have driven. Stuck outside waiting in the cold making me even more sick 
Watching passion of the christ.. I'm like crying! Its crazy to think how he thought of me and u when he went on that cross! Awe 
My god it's wet. Soaked up to the knees of my pants. Wet feet too  hiding out at rosso at tgv where there are heaters
Has been @ work since 2am.... Tired now and want my bed!!! 
Deadline isn't playing my show anymore  good luck kurly on your wrestling match.
E! has some pretty serious tv shows! Investigations: Teen Pregnancy's...how sad 
Sleeeeeping in my mom's bed with the puppas. Home alone tonight. 
@The_Supremacy im still trying to figure it out 
Going to sleep now, and without jandro. I'm still crying!  I hate this long distance bs I just want to be next to him. Dream land &lt;3
Powered through a 3 hour shift at work today. Felt real sick afterwards  still not back to 100% 
Downside of unemployment? Waiting for the train at midnight so as not to waste $ on a cab. Trackball won't scroll down 
@Luvybear7 ya thanks well now I'm even more pissed off!!! Cause my moms too tired and now I can't get my f***ing cd!  ugh
Gone to bed, very long drive tomorrow  @davewesleep &lt;3
RN Forums Down ; working on it 
appaled to discover that 10K running and 20K cycling did nothing to bring down the weight. Effectively 3 vadapavs cancelled it all out 
All of my electronics have been destroyed by the storm  no more tv computer radio or xbox......... Devastation!!!!!!
@crashcores Not swell  Bloody dirty !
boredom  maybe I'll update @Posers_Hunters
I can't find any uploads of Common. 
Exhausted but can't sleep 
Scared shitless here!!!  I need a roomie!!
Credits lost: 10 
Irritated  going to bed then going back to school tomorrowww
My family is being so unfair. Looks like I won't have my copy of Lines, Vines and Trying Times until tomorrow evening. fml. 
Middle of the night check on baby BG yielded a perfect 100. Problem now is i'm worried about dropping.  So it's a Yay! And a crap. :-P
Workload increasing 
@kawaiicelia Same here,,couldn't resist many nyummy food...failed again and again 
Hurray! Double maths 2day 
Sitting at home enjoying the peace and tranquility of  Youth day... Pity my daughter is not well 
Off to bed. Depressed that I can only achieve the left and almost the right splits but my middle splits can't go even beyond 110 degrees. 
Wow -_- my myspace status was booboo&lt;3  n my &quot;booboo&quot; thinks it's 4 some1 else and doesn't wanna talk 2 me!!  WTF!!  Tears man tears 
Fractured my wrist 
On the train, having eaten too much too quickly again! Lesson, yet more self control needed 
Away to school  maths first two periods, aaahhh!
I'm definitely not Sleeping tonight 
wut wut? Sneaky Sound System in vancouver this friday and i'm going to miss it.   why is this happening to me?!
I'm hungry and I can't eat anything.  Kill me?
@Icy1_Female i am shy 
I wish my life had a Restart button that i could hit right now 
Sally bought me an ankle support yesterday to help get over my EA Active ankle injury.Made me feel ancient,then she did the hard workout 
Morning all! Beautiful clear sky and hot here. Just a shame I'll be stuck inside for most of the day 
I think the harddrive on my beloved macbook just died. Ill be in mourning for 40 days. 
So i woke up with my hand hurting then i pricked my thumb then Burned my hand with a light bulb poor right hand 
Stuck in traffic going down to Beirut  But almost reaching my destination
Paperwork all over my desk, begging to be completed. Not much of a lesson or learning activity as just shuffling, sorting and stapling. 
Gah! Stuck at work and can't try out Opera Unite!  http://unite.opera.com/
Missing my little girl sing at the theatre tonight   Bloody work.
Watched the Movie &quot;Ready? OK! (2008)&quot; I give it a generous 4/10. Felt like I was watching a poor quality made for TV Movie with bad audio 
Cause i have to baby sit tomorrow 
bah - 8 hour days a work suck - especially when you called in at 8am   Ripped from my warm, cosy bed 
Stationary motorway traffic  http://twitpic.com/7j3t8
@Wealthy23 its like 10 degrees.. booooo 
Stuck in traffic 
Eyes redder than ever! F*@k pollen! 
No One Republic Nomination though 
iany1 watch Real Crime last night. that was gd, lil emotional  and i fell asleep half way thru big brother, did i miss anything decent?
@henriok Bloody construction workers outside are waking me up all the time 
Hand loading 10000 A1 size sheets of paper isn't helping my current lack of energy.   
@scottmckeon where can I get my copy?! I need all the help I can get  - [Re:] http://mobypicture.com/?844c33
Demographics for my Youtube channel.  96% Male, 4% Female.  And I still haven't gotten any hot dates out of it. 
My exams just started  Boring.
Broken down and waiting for the RAC man to arrive   http://bit.ly/wop2G
Trip to the pet shop for some investigative work! Fish number 3 has also gone to fishy heaven 
should be sleeeping but Face Book thinks otherwise 
Still have that awful buggering heartburn  Bloody painful and nothing seems to work!!
I can't sleep in this weather, it's too hot. Opening window doesn't help, the bugs come in. Fans are already maxed out and it's loud. 
Related to me wishing I was on my couch reading Snow Crash instead of at work 
I want holidays!!! Tired of exams 
@Mafesto Cold and Painful for me. 
Ammo lost her ear phones, not kool 
Away to do the housework then walk poochy...........Its freezing today 
Full day of reviewing today 
Rough day at school... Boring first day... 
Traffic jam is not a good place to be... Boring 
Has just woke up the child is eating his breakfast and I still feel Ill 
Hard to sleep with a crying puppy 
Exhausted + test 2mrw 
That's a negative on the bites @marawitch and @lendmeyoureyes. Drunk wrestling has led to what a neck sprain. No sleep for me last night 
Hard work day 
Hurry doc!!! I wanna leave  http://myloc.me/40Bp
Gutted that the whole world is going to UX london and I'm not. 
I'm just soooo disappointed @Built4dTough .... I told u that u were funny actin 
Beautiful weather today, perfect for a round of golf...if I only could get the time..have not been able to play a single hole in 2009 
Whole family visit to dentist. Pricey. And painful too  I want our regular dentist back - she's gentle!
I've become quite robotic with regards to writing Covering Letters...not good 
thinks something's wrong with her phone (tears) &quot;Inactive Sim&quot;? Whyyyy?  http://plurk.com/p/11avud
@garminconnect: DOWN!!  [Service Unavailable - Zero size object The server is temporarily unable to service your request.]
@theknickermafia Awwww   Safe journey!
Wasted and I have class at 8am  wasted
Praying for Case, who isn't feeling well. 
Hates a high pollen count 
@RogersCoffees Tweet for a Treat only has one day left 
Change of plans...not gona swim 
Arm is still giving me grief 
@rsctim I'm not small. Small is patronizing.  Little is cute.
Luck ran short 
@pk2004 Working Client Side no Mac Allowed 
@nonsequitir I have to do the same to go to work in the mornings. Unpleasant 
Awe home soon  I don't wanna leave !!
Free today, bit still have to study real hard for exams tomorrow 
@Bess182 awk, not even during like Charmer or Four Kicks?! I was seated so I don't know what the crowd was like 
Stuck in customisable look and feel hell 
Extra stuffy in the office today   Large fan needed on the desk I think
Funeral tomorrow... such a sad state of affairs 
I'm tired! It seems I'm Starting to get Extremely Tired now...I wish I wasn't Tired any more  being Tired Sucks!
Created my profile, cos I am bored 
Tempted to listen to LVaTT on yputube. 
Waiting Waiting Waiting ... for my two 24kg #kettlebells and  one 32kg #kettlebell to arrive, but have to go out. Bet I miss the courier 
Forms are the most &quot;Boring&quot; part of web development. Especially those big application forms   #html #css #yam
I am knackered yet I am awake and not allowed to go to sleep. Gutted! 
Quickly losing interest in #Spotify and it's constant pausing when I'm trying to listen to Third Eye Blind 
Hard to cope with atopy in all three children  @eleahbaant
Left desktop speak finally not working anymore  ... time to get new ones &gt;.&lt;
Blast you internet, for you are the true enemy of work. Procrastination shouldn't be so fun 
1000 mg of tylenol + 800 mg of motrin + ice pack = still throbbing hand. Shoot me now  oh it hurts and to make it better its my right hand
Fashion Truth is closing down! Nooooooooooo! 
Tiered but it's like 12 so I need to get up 
@BitchinRob that is one awesome machine. Surprising the battery indication would be the thing that pleased me most - mine just dies 
Scared out of my mind 
lost the battle to @PeterBurrowes1 !  Alone in the office at the moment while the others prepare 4 another big ebay day tomo.
@Cwluc - it's 11pm tuesday night here, and as such i'm at work. Boring 
@RuthGarrity hei, im comin on sat!!!    Ill giv u a call wen i get a chance, am workin lots this week,  the train gets there at 4.26, 
@mliyanagamage I said i'd BAKE you brownieS. Plural!!!  *cries in the corner*
Dug through some cipboards and discovered an oldish polaroid. As expected its broken 
Awake so early  it's such a killer
Really want to be playing Left 4 Dead or Mirrors Edge right now but I don't have either games 
@ie89master But The Turk is ..Gone! 
Making a video about why I can't go to Tibet  Gutted.
 &quot;Meteorologists Predict Chilly, Rainy Midsummer | News in Finland| yle.fi&quot; + thunder  ( http://bit.ly/15TpJC )
Fact: i am really upset   Truth: going back to sleep 
I almost broke a thumb on my left hand during yesterday's Mix Fight class. Not it's aching a bit. 
just read othello for an hour and only got through the first act.  only four more to go on the bright side. Ill be done by next week
Awake b4 my time and not too happy about it! 
Left my phone at home...I feel so lost without it! 
Happiness fail... 
@beakee Cos I don't munch, I gobble. Collapsing in bed with a book (or 5) sounds good though 
@razormuse Same. I'm super tired but I must tweet more.      Bloody crack laden site.
@aggysaur F-Freefalling...?  I had a bad dream too the other day. I plurked about it. It was crazy. Here: http://www.plurk.com/p/10tiqc
@rjakesdub Already heard? 21 Hurt in Bombing after Brazil Gay Pride Parade!!! WTF is going on in this world? 
@tomikaskanes Coolie High. Another long work day. 
Really liking Collective Soul's new single &quot;Staring Down&quot;. I wish I had $.69 to buy it though 
last day of school today! Huge day :/ school til 7 tonight. Huge presentation, 2 papers due and 2 finals  UGHH!
has anyone found a decent live stream of the Lions game. Stuck at work 
says he will never oversleep again. He came in late on his first class. To think that today's the first day of class. Embarrassing. 
i am at HOMe.....Boring.... 
H as h today  Downside of being s again 
Suggestions for a better title to 'the MOW Files Novel' greatly received 
Hardest day !  Hateee it 
At the school library with Wyn and will be here till midnight. Nervous about the walk back home - Wish I had brought an extra jacket 
Insipid insecurities crawlin' all over my mitigated head space!!! yet, i still miss you 
Blame it on the telkomsel 
Ugh i'm way too punctual... Jury duty 
Oh noooo! I just ran out of Questionable Content comic strips after reading 'em all 
Hungover to fuck  and trying to play round with the concept of &quot;The Unrepentant&quot; and give it a full story arc
Outside, Relaxing.. Doctors Appointment Tomorrow.. Worried. 
At the airport sending @anantshiva off. Heartache.  having dinner at macs.   - http://tweet.sg
Hmm we picked up two new jobs people - Inspection Jobs and Freelance Jobs! But no Freelance Inspection jobs 
Locked out of the computer system at work for some unknown reason 
AHHH Wicked pissed! Missed my chem final  
Working out savings, expenses etc. Real world ftl 
The testing...the testing...the testing ... What a way to wrap up the year  Pledge to find creative solution!
Punishment &amp; Law is boringggg and im so0o0o0o hungry! 
Awe, recieving yearbooks and getting people to sign them makes me sad school is ending 
Free from uni (at least for now). I'm quite sad my hubby is leaving, though... 
@iluvshinythings no  wasn't me.  I was wearing a pink tank top, black pants and big teal sunglasses. Close though ha!!
My houseboy found dead. Axes at the back with skull cracked open and thrown into drum. Rest in peace, old friend 
Watching #iranelection on Twitterfall. Fascinating stuff. And I want to be well again 
I want to be at home watching The Ultimatum! 
@alandavies1 I just finished series 3 for the umteenth time. So well written. Agent Sunshine just got shot 
@wylthenemesis buddy, I totally agree with you. Celebs are a cynical self loving bunch, I don't follow any of em at all. real shame tho 
hates Live being down, at least I have Broken Steel to support me. I miss World at War 
@mattpark you think that's embarrassing? the only Paper Plane i know of is the Status Quo one 
At work   Positive thoughts, positive thoughts. Woooosawwww
@sharonsnest I hear ya! Rough start over here today too 
Working on a dossier for cultural communication. Trying something creative and make it like it's a book. Deadline tommorow however 
@KimberleyxLynn Guessing you got some decent weather then ... Raining here 
Oldest girl leaves for camp today  and I'm off to http://bit.ly/10RSoi
At work. Boring day ahead 
Uncertain! 
@RiceInk @seanlow sounds like everyone is going to Engage but me!  Have fun!
Spoke too soon    looks like we're staying in lol...
Paperwork, paperwork, paperwork......  
Goal 3 Taking on the World  bad movie 
Awake. Waiting for the water guy. Blahhh 
Afraid. Tearing at the wrong times. Alevel sucks 
@kitten_for_rent Those are some awesome pics! I'm jealous! Stuck inside all day. 
Wishes he went to corefest  I only want to see six FT Ditch but cant get to any shows they do grrrrrrrrrrr
In other news, why must the Distant Worlds concert take place before I get more vacation time? Why? 
Ouch!! Pinched nerve in back. Terrible hotel bed or maybe cause husband hogged the whole bed! 
Downside of wearing my cute new shoes: blister and no band aid anywhere close 
About to get shots. Scared. 
Turns out if your eyes.... Hurt too much.... Contacts are near impossible to put on.... Glasses for me today  &lt;Elena's&gt;
Rule re no more guppies is because it is no fun when they die! had some deaths yesterday, 2 delta blue males, that tank was leaked in too 
My son just rec'd a shipment from Despair, Inc. Side of box says &quot;another dissatisfied customer&quot; - love that! 
Triskaidexaphobia is the best! Fear of number 13  http://www.juliaicenogle.com/illustration/illustration.html
Gutted shuda gone back yday  stupid exams bet ther was no1 ther hardly
@haazee I'm right here.. Stuck at work  lol http://myloc.me/41Rq
Free to a good home: Loving, sweet, playful 1-year old kitty. So sad I have to let her go - have developed asthma due to allergies. 
@hollyvale Perfect end to exams! You not doing any summer shows  ?
Away to learn my french,,, well tryy too 
Teen pregnancy makes me sad. Esp when it's one of my employees 
Washing clothes... Worried we won't have enough time to see ALL of epcot 
@rohitsabu: 'Yankee Doodle' is what runs on my head.  #Fail
&quot;Resistance is Futile&quot;...need to get up and get ready for work even though everything hurts right now. 
Locked out of my office (I think I lost my key) &amp; late for a call. Not the best way to start a day  #fb
@janiecwales Extra taxes on the manufacturing &amp; packing sector methinks..passes straight to the consumer.. 
Left side of face frozen. I don't really like the dentist. 
Ah, @_shanastyyy is leaving me until july 8    I'm gonna be lonely! Cause @_ashesss is leaving me the 25th. -_-
I was not too excited over The Closer last night  I mean the show is still great but maybe I expected a better episode! #fb
Tiny laptop just arrived. Parental departure  will be followed by playtime \o/
Not sleeping well lately.  woke up at 4am??!!! Wth 
Withdrawal symptoms - need cupcakes! Patissier looked underwhelming &amp; found out why Bakerzin is having 50% on their cheesecake. 
@Domness I keep getting an error when trying to sync my iPhone now  Restore seems likely but haven't backed up in a while!
Exhausted... 
  Hand quilting it is then...
This week is gonna feel like a year. Already misses Angry Robot 
@realm510 hey i recently had a female roommate for the first time in 10 years and i gotta say it wasn't the Real Deal.  
At the doctor again  Repeat visits can't be a good thing, but lets hope the kid won't have to go through any surgery
@ChoZanWan Same :/ And I still see them rent an 18 cert game and pass it to the kid as they walk out 
Freeze to death on bed.  - http://tweet.sg
@sarah_connors @saucerpass Boozing with hockey fans sounds like a hell of a time - I can't make it  #nhltweetup
Gutted not to be involved with KiosKiosK 
Morning all!!!  Slight hangover 
My eye hurts  Spending the day with familyy.
Dead open animals everywhere!  better then taking a test though.
Awake, and moving.....a little later than I wanted though 
Told pilot hey smooth landing! Pilot says why thank you. Guy behind me says he didn't fess up plane was Airbus320, they have autoland. 
@jenny_wade  Caught up w/the last 3 Reaper eps last night. U of course were great but also overall its a fucking travesty its over, sad 
time for Paper Cut 
Cell phone charger=Broken at the moment.  What am I going to do without my cell? Ugghhhhh. 
Agreed.. @pabbas: Craving for new blackberry device. The 8520 Gemini is not so attractive though 
@Orchidflower humph. Sulking 
@coollike I know how you feel. Same thing happened to me yesterday. 
In the car. Waiting for lunch to be overr then back to workkk! 
Decisions decisions.... What do I have for dinner? Problem is I can't be bothered! But I'm hungry 
Even the Wild Things can't make this old body feel better today. 
Excited for my @410bc shirt to come. And excited for this damn shoot to b over with so I can eat  heat plus empty tummy=no bueno
@Praxilla yes morning wood. That's the problem.. Failure to take care it it this morning has left me horny as hell! Prob will be all day 
Out the door to fight the good fight...but I can't do it without printer ink, so my first stop will be Staple's to drop a quick $100.00  
Does anybody have an original Final Cut Studio 2 serial number they could lend me? For some reason mine wont work  thank you!
Burned the roof of my mouth on hot pizza. Ouchie. 
I can't think of anything I want to learn on guitar  Mind melt! &gt;.&lt;
RedSox Flower (#15798) will be out of stock the rest of the year. Remaking to conform to new laws &amp; will not be in time for this season. 
thanksies to everyone who wished me qood luckk... the test was Hard with a capital H.. x[ hopefully I did qood. earth science tmrww 
Does anybody have an original Final Cut Studio 2 serial number they could lend me? For some reason mine wont work  thank you!
Left work early cuz i didnt feel well  now eating popcorn and watching trueblood
Overwhelmed today. 
Wasted 10 usd and 1 hour for the salsa class 
At the High Line, watching them plant new sproutlings. Ankle throbbing. 
My back is Killing me!!!!!!! 
@Smiles206 I wasnt invited! 
Shocked and sad!   Reminded how very short life can be.
Hiccups are back... 
Yay....I'm happy again!!!!! Temporarily anyway, until this damn live cast goes off...then it's back to reality  Depressing huh?
B- in Vector Statics!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!111 YESSSSS!!!!!!!! No need to retake in the Fall!!!!! Vector Dynamics in the Fall. 
@turn_self_off Same problem here. It reads 0.6.1 in the installed packages section however, still doesn't fix the replies issue it has 
@Liezelfr Homesick again, my friend?  *sends comforting thoughts*
Change of plans. Getting LVATT tomorrow? Parents are working all day  No one's home to drive me.
I miss my laptop. Sharing a PC with your brother isn't funny  
@AmyBug08 Cause before long there will be a snotty nose boy at the door wanting to take on a date  happens quicker than you think.
Anyone want to come over and play Punch-Out! on the NES with me? 
trys to take a pic for his profile. Alarm ---&gt; Low Battery 
@_emkay Thanks hun!!  Lack of sleep and stress finally caught up with me 
@wtoppert You are soooo bad...and you didn't invite me?    L V Silently!
@daughtkom this sounds like a scene from &quot;Misery&quot; 
@marks Must feel good about themselves... Masking their faces, beating up a handcuffed guy  The world can be such a sad place
@sophiewhybrow Cause  i like mcfly  and  the  jonas  brothers and  she  said she kill me  xx
Dream: Adaptive Path/frog design/IDEO. Reality: FedEx Kinko's. 
@aresef Change is difficult. 
I don't remember how to write a legal memo....I may need the Basics book   helped more people with divorces today!
Doctor's appointment finally ended. Verdict: no running for 3 more weeks 
Ugh. What do these people have againist me? Strangers letting nick drive over me. 
Tried to load up my Mass Effect profile apparenttly you need to be conected to XBL if you have Bring Down the Sky  started a new game 
Trapped in a bathroom by rubber johnny 
Scenario 6 designed and documented; A 100 more to go (or so it seems like). I can't be creative when I am drowsy 
Catching up on @BNTM  Missed it yesterday 
you are a shooting star, that's why you are my favorite!! - Funeral time 
@ Home ... really really really bored 
Full from subway and totally don't feel like going to work in an hour 
Sirens are going off 
@incobalt This is Sealed Limited Alara Block tourney with no trades. I didn't get a Death Mutation. 
@emcrutch Snap, I totally wish I was rich right now. 
Break time! Only fifteen minutes though  loving our training in missions though... http://yfrog.com/4anouj
its about to rain terribly  Alternate ideas ladies?
Incredibly frustrated with my &quot;developer&quot;... yet again. No chatter in over a week. Waiting on serious parts to begin front end dev. 
Our Illustrious Potentate (SC Gov Sanford) Vetoes bill protecting SCinians from predatory payday lenders. My guess? Heavy contributors. 
Funeral today  It's gonna be an emotional day all round.
Trying to register an exam on Prometric.... Slow. And doesn't accept my voucher 
I hate when I get stuck in a small feature. Small things tend to be the most complex ones. 
has a seriously bruised bum!! Soft ride bike seat?? yeah whatever!!! 
Skipped out on tennis to eat at BP's with co-workers. Feeling logey from eating too much 
Celebs please talk to be!! Thats the only reason I made his twitter page!!   
Cheer captain got beat  up 
I totally got lost. I lost me. Strange, but true. Why ppl insist on being so selfish? WTF 
Ill times again 
Afraid to become old 
...customers to bitch me out. I have no money, no insurance, no future    Hating things right now.
@luie01 Just been looking for hairspray and mum has lent it to my aunt   Ill get it for you sooon
Home  i miss u
I wish I were going to No Doubt tonight. 
Why does Natural Born Killers have to be on so late tonight? 
Tempted to drink this tea then sod of by myself to sit on the beach alone and watch the remainder of the sun go down. 
@valgoerad @Real_Chipmore  Spot update - developing 2 distinct peaks. V. red, V. sore. I think she blocked the pores instead of cleanse!
Hey, what's with the green faces? At least 3 people paint their faces green here. Disturbing 
@ellieptical I watched Kitchen Confidentials, years ago, when it first came out ... for Bradley. Fail they cancelled it 
Downtime for twitter 
Problem: i'm always that girl. the &quot;amazing&quot; friend. i'm hopeless. 
Arghh, 2 of my best sites r dwn.  this one and a Smart car site  iPhone 3.0 in 1 hour!  if you own one you'll know the minor excitement.
Overtime FTW 
Stuck at work   this is gay
Tunnels would be my newest and worst fear 
Lack of things going on, so lack of tweets 
Left my car out on the curb over the weekend to let the rain clean it off. No rain, but got a ticket for not doing my safety inspection 
Ill in bed (have been so for several days) 
is finding Death Note quite depressing now, I didn't want &quot;L&quot; to die. 
Panto Crime went amazing tonight! Next year the show has to be on for more than 2 days though 
@edmenendez: I'm not doing the website anymore now.  but Ill mention it to my coworker. thanks!
World War Z - Movie on Hold  http://bit.ly/lkBhX
@macboiz Irritable bowel syndrome? You have that? Woe 
@Dream2sing09 I love him  but sadly hes taken
Broken lawn tractor = a whole lot of pushing of a push mower, a ton of sweat &amp; sore muscles. 
All those years ago when I didn't really know them. On the Infinity Land tour. Gutted to have missed that, looking back 
i am not getting updates 2 my phone. Anger 
TwitterFox is Dead 
I was using Zindus to sync my gmail contacts with Thunderbird... now I'm missing several contacts. Gone.  /sigh #fb
@jeverington That really is rubbsh  Its the 17th here already. Bloody americans!!!
@butterflyylost had an epiphany re: 'love life' while reading a book on programming. Save for moments w/ peeps + job, life = shambles. 
watching laguna beach. And i need to stop. The Graduation Episode is just making me cry, because thats us. And thats him, tomorrow. 
Still chillin at home... Boring day so far 
Child awake, no more fun on the computer 
My jealousy meter is at 11. Cause this isn't my bike  http://yfrog.com/0vxlosj
So......how can I tell if he's blowin me off????? Cause I think it's happening..... 
Hey twitterville just woke up feeling a tad bit better!!! Tired of stressing its not healthy! At all! 
@TheMonduce I'm half white. Burn in a bad way. 
Helpful pointer, check the weather for horrendous lightning storms before barbequeing outside 
Stunning Defeat - I (2267) was beaten by Mathbou (1971) 
Laying in bed... Waiting for some medicane 
@Legendary23 The padres, now there is a fashion statement   UUUGGGH.
Why must xbox live be down on the one day i need it to work? Devin and i wanted to play Call Of Duty before she leaves for cheer camp 
3 degrees celsius   Thats colder than my fridge....Freezing my bits off here people!!
Another semi annual sale, another big cc bill. Swore I wouldn't get stuck with that next time last time! 
@ThinMint1 Honesty. 
Weak workout tonight. 
The culprit might be a porn star's stalker.  Porn star stalkers are now banning ME from forums.  Yay me.  
Strange thing today, every time i turn my steering wheel-my car horn blasts!  All the ppl on the street think i am mean  gotta fix it now!
Awake with jet lag 
ok, thats enough fluff... I was up late, and just rambled on and on about some dumb math series.  Truth is my heart is missing my love 
@benjuang They Jail you. You cant tweet for an hour 
I wish I could talk the cat into eating. Canned food is a no-go. He just wants to sit and purr. 
Uqh Family Problems ! 
Has Hiccups and coughs again 
@cantoresteele I sent you an email but it came back--reasons: User Invalid &amp; Rule Imposed Mailbox Access. 
Worried 
Off to bed. Driving lesson at 10 but have to get up at half 8 to wash the wig. Regret not doing it before, grrrrr. 
Hanging out with everyone at @l3ree 's moms house. Slight drama going through the house 
i wanT &quot;Lines, Vines and Trying Times&quot; NOW!! 
ok @Built4dTough, i'll tell her! wish i could make it 
Beware coops handcuffs. He makes them too tight. 
@Slip_n_Slide haha sounds good. I am still at work BLAH!  Other than that, not much. What cha drinking?
30 Minute wait for olive garden.  Its all good though. Waiting out the traffic.
@Hardtarget doh forgot to post in the thread.  Waiting for a call from a friend helping me find a job.  Srry I can't make it 
Just lost at trivia night yet again. Dead last place. 
@RegineFilange Deep Impact's a great one. Gets me everytime  And some main characters die in it.
watching Deadliest Catch ... my usual Tues. nite adventure, but tonite's the final show 
I'm an idiot. Left the lights on and killed the car battery 
@dwaynewright i don't know  I know it's nice to support the plugin comunity but these are things we use in every solution! Slip 'em sum $
@SpankyMcShif real life is a scary scary place, on another note, I've been playing Single Player and studying 
Left apartment b4 7am &amp; get home about 8pm...my poor kid 
Doubled up then lost it all   no worries back to the grind. Peace and joy.
Random and I know no one gives a shit but I'm feeling overwhelmed and a little sad.  emo...
Chem final tmrw...epic fail. Sleeping and not studying 
Brave little big girl has a staph infection!! 
debating finishing all the &quot;Word&quot; quizzes on Retail Edge just in time for the big deal, but realized I would still be 500 chips short 
@jephjacques I'm so sad. Yelling bird never got around to insulting me 
worked till 5 at work then to 9 roofing.  So tired after helping family with their roof still not done. Same old me which is not good.
you kno its a recession when your high priced kicks cant sell for the Low low on ebay.... 
Stuck in traffic due to bridge work on 93 
@Honest_bAbe it takes 12-13 hours  i'm sure it will be worth it though!
But a boring one, I guess. Allowances aren't out yet 
http://twitpic.com/7laue - Waiting for my mom having a meeting. 
Stuck at home, come sneak me out?  
Went to 2 different H&amp;M's to find the Dangerous Muse Fight Against Aids shirt and still can't find it. 
@raaaaaaek I clench my jaw in my sleep. Break the habit asap. It only gets harder 
Awe the lost 2-8 
@sjc0815 masochist!!!! you should watch Terms of Endearment, maybe that will cheer you up 
Agh I Missed College Hill again 
iPhone upgrade complete!  Restoring from backup now, this ... will take a while 
@docmarkx Cause we'll never have another castrato unless someone makes the ultimate sacrifice   I didn't see that movie though 
@itsjustmeghan Downside I am badly allergic 
Rented killzone 2. This game blows a** 
Working. emailing. cold calling. Meaningless day 
code geass is over  still got Death Note
@ARoadRetraveled True, but I end up conking out on the couch instead of being *good* and getting things done.  I need to get organized.
..we don't want quarrel, we want democracy and our right. Crossed Fingers! 5 students have been killed, I cannot believe it  #iranelection
Phils sucked tonight. Folding laundry and watching Friends, then callin it a night. I miss my boyfriend too 
Dead tired &amp; still two more days if class 
@wldhneypie Fine, just put my bestfriend on a plane. 
Ripped a calve Muscle when I chased a bus for 3 blocks.. I totally beat the bus tho.. (And my friends riding inside). But ima limpin' lol 
is a stupid girl with Low Low Low IQ 
CCSU Vball Schedule came out today. Cool.  Made some progress on my site cleanup as well. So much to do. 
disappointed, i'm not at all interested in the Trending Topics 
@MissMoco of course!!! Ill missssss u when ur gone! 
@djessencephx damn I was trying 2 get @TheRealSlush on that joint  ::Anger Management hurry &amp; kick it:: LoL so kiddin cant wait 2 hear it
Can anyone believe that Dante Stallworth only got 30 days in Jail for DUI Manslaughter? I did more time for driving the getaway car! 
@JonathanRKnight Where are you hiding? Waiting for your tweet-a-thon so then I can get to sleep. 6 am comes quick. 
@ClearHeart327 Save me the lesbo love fest! We get it, you kissed a girl and you liked it... blah blah blah... u gals have all the luck 
@leebutts I vote for both of you coming but I'm not the one flying people out.   Frequent flier miles perhaps?
taking a break from reading just got done with Breaking Dawn...again 
I want to go get ck anywho hopefuly I can go to work ... Cause I don't have sick time ... And I just got in a write up 
Caught in the parade! 
Awe gonna miss madeline while I'm gone  http://twitpic.com/7lkp8
@M5lissa Efforts will be futile.  Reason bounces off of her.... I'm waiting for the backlash in the morning.
Rells, our founding father, just left Agony for good  So goes an era.
@laurendane Five to one is great, but there's no excuse for rudeness.  Mean people suck.
@forcedexit Ouch. I'm sorry that happened.  Recourse?
Awake and I don't wanna be. 
Pair of collared doves have lived  here for years, always together. One dead in road 
Random fact: i have the imprint of a button from my jeans on my left buttcheek! it hurts! i didnt know i was sittin on it! 
Watching Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. 
Annoyed 
My kid brother fell frm a tree &amp; is hospitalized. Extent of damage unsure &amp; the only specialists r a flight &amp; 2 boatrides away  Paradise?
Drinking a juice box and going to bed. Alone. 
Not liking the Boss at the moment.... time to look around I guess.... 
Catching the 11:30 ferry home. All packed with time to kill. Leaving Whidbey FTL 
Stuck with something i don't like .  
I gotta try and go to bed, guys. Jury duty in the am. Booooooooo 
I gotta try and go to bed, guys. Jury duty in the am. Booooooooo  goodniiiight! &lt;3
Re-reading the twilight saga.  All this lovey-dovey talk is just beyond me.  I like most parts of the books, but some parts kill the vibe 
Awww really  that bums me out... What are the chances of us hanging out? Cause i miss you...
@Dream_Cakez yea no go 2 the beach or downtown...ur plans will def hav 2 wait! 
@NiaVardalos i wanna see it but its not my area sadly  but you know what I'll see the Proposal for you and the hangover hilarious
watching a close dodger game right now.  And pretty sure xbox live is down  lame-o.  guess that means Ill be watching weeds s4
@talamobley ohhh . I get it now . Sighs- what am I gonna do after  the 24th when your gone 
ant bites blow   finally ....Home!
@mtvndia R u guys into Match-Making and all... This sucks.. 
@graftacus Tried that! But not the publican I must admit. Awake again now 2hrs later 
Slow morning, still aching; too bad I'm required at school today 
Installing Flock.  yay for yet another browser, that is apparently not playing nice with nice site layouts 
Stuck @ the gate  friggin' tired as all get out....
Sims 3 and tweetdeck crash. A lot. Unplayable and almost unusable. 
Worried about my friend. 
&quot;Rate limit exceeded&quot; 
Home from school. Exhausted, feeling gross.. And I have to work tonight 
 dang i feel like shit and those &quot;Above the Influence&quot; commercials really grind my gears.
Just got kicked out of the candy wall for the first time. Blasphemy 
Anyone wanna buy me &quot;Marked?&quot; I just finished &quot;Untamed&quot; and I'm really sad that I bought makeup instead of the book today 
@J_Loyalty yeah. I fell and slid on concrete. 
Headed to Domi's house to cuddle up and watch &quot;The Fall&quot; I need to be taken care so tired and sick still 
@alliepawell I'm balloin right now  I'm pourin. Its rainin cat and dogs. Tommorow uis our last day together 
 Blown Face
Deadline oh deadline  http://myloc.me/47yj
Breakdown avoided, had some roast chicken with meatballs sub  delish.
hopes the girls are ok. Bit sad they have gone tbh  x
Safe trip to Rome, I hope to hear from him again soon 
Looks like our Landlord is now holding up our house application and we've got to give him notice by tomorrow. Typical 
@EliceClaire if you don't release 2Hard 2Knock 2Hearts, I will not be happy 
back in the hot seat! watching The Proposal tonight... i'm not excited... really I'm not. 
Awake, its raining on my day off, great  , going back to sleep!
@iTalkiPhone I was hanging out for that too. Bit upsetting. 
@adriancutler waves. Same thing here. Only just for a few days then its gone 
Kids are out of school, summer's here.. sad that it's also winter for thier childhood    High-school &amp; big people concerns await.. &amp; taxes
Arm still hurts.  
@wildeel Head. Desk. I hate this society sometimes, I really do 
Paid 12k for an Apple Care Protection Plan, quite a punch during recession 
Perfect dinner for tonight's rainy and cold weather.. Sinigang!!  But still need to go out to buy the ingredients.. 
Cbd traffic sucks. Light is green but can't move. 
@dotwaffle Neat. Apart from having to have a dish. 
@kelseymacias Cheer up please!!!!!!!!!!    
Whole house smells of smoke now though 
fuck ticketmaster. I HAD 3 FNM tickets for dublin. I go to payment and it messes up. Totally brokenhearted. Wanted to see @roddybottum 
Muddled up feelings  - http://tweet.sg
@Re1m0 i hope so 
@namralkeeg I used to be, but since I have to be so careful &amp; Politically Correct @ work, I'm out of practice. 
@p5ym0n Doubt we will get 3.0 until the yanks get up 
Not wanting to get called into Jury Duty today!!! 
is sad that my latest Karma Update was only .03  http://plurk.com/p/11k0vy
@greska you are righttt! haha Ill wait by the phone. I think it's cause we were normally arranging to do somethinggg 
Horrid looking cloud. What a grim day. 
Awake. Boring day today 
@puddingface Pleased you had a good evening at Rules..food sounded lovely,have a great day, more paperwork for me! 
Lunch time! It's been very humid atmosphere today!!!  Exhausted abit 
Sitting at my desk, wondering about the world outside my window. Cause I have to do homework  Listening to new placebo album.
Attempting to finish amath and emath tuition homework. Tuitin at 7pm! Save meeee 
@Schofe It doesn't hurt and it's not the pain, it's the thought of them going into my body  Wholly unreasonable though...
I'm almost glad of the rain. Past few days have been so horrible and muggy 
@Wendywitwoo Same here and no prospect of it getting any better   I'll knuckle down to more packing once the kids have gone out.
@Hyper8 i know temme about it.. my skins falling off n i look like achmed myself 
Morning all. Worn out today, it's a mistake to leave your blackberry logged in to msn next to your head while you're trying to sleep 
@DavidArchie somehow lost all his votes.  Vote here and repost! http://bit.ly/Zc0rd
Upset with SS,...Whattifftheycallme and im in science  ?!!?   
I'm very frustrated.  Unpaid internship + broken camera + dwindling savings = not a very happy gal.  
So so so tired...couldnt wake up...last day of revision..exam tomorrow. Kill me now so i dont see my poor results in august 
@podnosh Re cringeing - those buggers playing a continual loop of film at Adults &amp; Communities conference yesterday- repetitive music 
Save me pleeeeeease 
@lisam75 aye wtf? Perfect day for running  (actually, its a'right, but i like running in the sun in the eveing)
Housework time! 
@Bizarre57  Re: tweetdeck - keeps on crashing for me!! 
Awake because of horrible leg cramps and even worse dreams 
@ajoohoo Thanks  Unlucky about yours too - Indeed #Allergiesaretehsuck
chilled day today - i WILL finish Breaking Dawn. didn't have time to read it yesterday 
Worried about NSO Birth Certificate application  There are 3 things that MIGHT go wrong...
@sampsonian That coffee looks like a work of art.. Impressive and much better than the grime we're drinking in the office today 
@symphnysldr I love it. But I already tried today, and failed. Miserably. 
@borrodell ghh! Luck you! I have my x number of months left... 
Hope Swine Flu vanishes on July.   Need to go to HK and Macau.
I like the song Speed dial..reminds me of today.. *calls glasseye* &quot;we're sorry, the number you've called is not in service!&quot; 
Away for the rest of the day so no more twittering for me this sunny wednesday... 
Working on restoring a couple of tables of data (player notes, and alliance memberships) that I (Jargon) have accidentally removed... 
@beautiful_alone  Latest pix @ home on camera. Here's an old 1 in meantime. Bella (lilac point) passed last yr  http://twitpic.com/7lzwf
Boss sent me home. I'm going home to cuddle my kitty 
Is Poorly and in bed! 
Annoyed at having to go back to school today  Although at home until 2pm as have no lessons!! 
Wide awake!! Nothinggg on tv. 
Ignorance is bliss, but this really has to end. 
I'm going for tuition now  Boring.
Annoyed by how much she hates me... 
Run down with hayfever &amp; feel crappy.. 
Run down with hayfever &amp; feels crappy... 
@garry1bowie Shocking innit?!! I blame this shitty weather..its depressing! 
Decapitated pigeon on the top of an overhang outside the venue.   http://twitpic.com/7m1k7
Awaken by my sister. Rrrrgh gotta do my history task. Yes,history again 
@Outoftheboxalex Snap out of it , you  know better than self pity, accept reality, you can't change the past,  ouch , still hurts...
Is at the airport... Waiting 
@mckennacali yeahhh I'm good  Same it's been really sunny lately but then today it's raining lol  xox
Going to implement sinbad's terrain as soon as we get the new framework to compile  Normal mapping &amp; blending: http://bit.ly/t1xTu
Bloody rain... I can't go to the shop! 
Totally down after my hospital visit  please god! Fix me
wishing i was going orlando with jac &amp; mark!! Gutted!! 
stuck in traffic at slex alabang. Wahh! Listening to boy's nyt out. 
So now its sunny! But where is the sun during mid-summer festivities  Forecast says rain for friday day.
Up and getting ready for a meeting I DO NOT want to go to..I want to stay in bed and sleep  Cause I&quot;m down
Away to work 
How to be a good CEO. Perfect the art of flattery 
Eating ikan bakar now! Gaining weight time (woof  sad)! Away awayyyyy eat eat happy 
Left my glasses at home -- it will be a squinty day 
@DonnieWahlberg  damn where you at? Ill come hug you anytime
I'm sad. Serious sad. Destructive sad and I couldn't tell anybody 
stuck in traffic at slex alabang. Wahh! Listening to boy's nyt out.  http://tinyurl.com/lu9ehf
I wish I could be an Impact counselor again this year. Full times jobs get in the way of everything  #squarespace make me feel better!
Worried about Dixe, he doesn't look very good 
Broken link half way into my drama 
Quick game of online poker @ pokerstars  pulled out my dollars, back in the little league  then crunching on logo design due  friday.
@_supernatural_ http://twitpic.com/7m40c - He's so cute! Perfect picture for me today, since I'll be studying all day for exams. 
Left my pocketbook on the bus  no coffee for me 
Bloody typical. 1st day in 6 months I come on the motorbike and it's bloody raining! 
'Every soul in the room was keeping time with their hands' love that song.  Annoyed that i have to stay home all day 
Exhausted 
@gracedent still, at least it's not another &quot;hey gosh wow aren't I a kooky neurotic mother&quot; piece   Small mercies etc.
@markcnichols I'm SO hungry!!!  Swap you my tomato salad??!! xx
@kierondonoghue yeah it's toasty! Bit burnt though  you heading to thonkvisibility or the expo?
Extra hours = more money = less time. 
listening to The Frame, gosh! i want a mocha frab, ergh have to tidy my boudoir 
Alone (again) now.. 
Stuck in the middle of corporate politics - I hate playing these games 
Re-injured my hip yesterday, and spent much of the day in bed.  Feeling a bit better, but that means it's crunch time to get caught up.
Ugh! Horrid traffic! And I'm on the in ramp to 90. 
Gone again... why can't you just sit still? 
Birds are just waking up&amp; I'm just going to bed... 
@AlbertinaPdC Money probably. Pft. I had to go through a huge one full of muddy water yesterday cos a lorry was coming  boo
Jury duty. 
Slow start to the day today...this heat is just squashing my will to move. And its only 730am!!! 
@rivenagares @Hipflor Ignoring sale,looked at Virgin tickets for under $800 inc taxes. Is that good? No idea.What I do know, we miss you 
Burned my tongue 2 days ago and it still feels like its gonna fall off 
@tkingdoll That's...Positively awful. 
Morning Tweets! Slow start to the day - woke up with a headache. 
Money Saving Tips &amp; I'm really worried  http://cli.gs/ZJtD8j
Awake too early 
Broken ipod headphones don't make for a good music listening experiance  Reading in 71 days !!!
Omfg my throat fuckin hurts.. - Feels like I have Broken glass in there  http://tumblr.com/x1b22j3zx
yeah my Idea totally did not work 
Watering in front stopped when I washed out an ant colony in front garden. Swarmed &amp; bitten. All over shoe, sox, garden hose. 
@FoodUrchin Least you didn't get some random person point and shout &quot;Kate Bush&quot; at you in the street 
Cummon people. Change the water. I'm thirsty 
Burnt my dinner  What to watch Die Hard 4.0 or a few eppisodes of Pushing Daisies?
Everyday gets harder and harder 
Full day training 
Brain misfiring due to people dissing Astral Weeks, which I know is a tediously 'canonical' album, but remains my all-time fave 
@esthertay You can have mine. Same deal here. I think same deal everywhere. 
badly wants to watch Next to Normal 
@shaundiviney your not gonna call the western australian people at 3 are you? Cause were two hours behind so we will still be in school 
Prefer to hear Drake singing than rapping...I have a feeling his cd won't be as hot as his mixtapes 
Awake and crampy. 
Just came back from the ever-so-fascinating Communic Asia. Tired. 
My trip to sbux to avoid wierd people has backfired. Stale croissant yucky. Dreaming of boiled egg in lunch bag 
Mmmmhmm. Real fkn tired. Reeeeal fkn tired 
And the verdict is: NO wifi at ikea! Shortage of plugs too (in the restaurant neway). 
Same here bc i slept to late sunday 
www.adiumxtras.com -&gt; Table './adiumx_data/xtras' is marked as crashed and should be repaired 
Boss has a breakfast tab running with me I think she's forgoten about 
Just realized that listening to Poison and Skid Row when you have a broken heart is a really, really bad idea. 
(Graphic Warning) Dog was found tied to a truck and dragged  http://tinyurl.com/lxlwhf
Mis toch quality time with mn vriendje!!! 
I'm sitting at a stop-light, waiting for it to turn green, but it's not. Faulty wiring? Or wrong buttons being pushing? I'm stuck at stop 
coming home on the bus. Friend just got off so i am all aloney 
@dinitaputri still in the office?  Same here... 
is enjoying the sunshine. Home alone and so bored though 
At the Ortho.. Weeks of pain ahead of me 
Dead... and tired 
Waiting for my new iphone... schedule to arrive on 19th. Checked UPS site it seems to be on hold so that doesn't arrive earlier 
Annoyed/angry/upset............................   
Just scalded myself and now have a blistery hand  Housework is dangerous!! Avoid at all costs!!
Beautiful sunshine today i'm very happy but I'm jealous of everyone who leave on tour with Simple plan  It's soo long to wait 30 days
@heathsharp thanks heath. i want the iphone 3gs now!  Ill never have a phone huh? 
@garethemery Same here mate, colds in summer suck! 
I wish the truth didn't hurt. Advance.. 
Does anyone have a Passion Pit album they would like to put into a zip drive and then send it to me? Cause I just broke mine. 
listening to &quot;Landslide&quot;. getting ready for this dreadfull test 
I wish I had/could use earphones at work so I could catch up on Emergency Pants 
Does anyone have a @passionpit album they would like to put into a zip drive and then send it to me? Cause I just broke mine. 
@jwilker I'm getting &quot;Error establishing a database connection&quot; on your blog. 
@kbarstereo D: I missed the Seattle show  my mom was like &quot;them or The Summer Set&quot; (sorry) Stereo Skyline and TSS would be an awesome tour
#silverlight  3 - more inconsistencies with #wpf - I can't have Thickness or ControlRadius values in my resources... 
Sids in france rite now so im here by myself  oh well just downloaded 50's War Angel LP
@iviva Can i ask if there is a Ant and Dec question and Answer part 3 because my question still hasnt been answered   Fingers Crossed!
more technology training... yesterday I learned how to powerpoint and twitter ... today I've learned how to blog.  Shoot me 
@girlgamy looking at ten day forecast all the way until friday = rain. I can't take it anymore. Moldy house/leaky roof fm ice storm still 
Octuplet baby dies???!!!  
@edwardfilms All I want to do is convert mp4s to something Windows Movie Maker can read. Its impossible, I have decided. 
My phone has thin lines across the screen, and the space button don'y work. Bloody shiity thing! 
wonders why shows like &quot;Home Along Da Riles&quot; are not in the local TV anymore  It may be bakya and jologs, bu... http://plurk.com/p/11ob20
@CalamityEnsues You know what's sad?  There's a Far-Right Nazi punk group of the same name 
Worried about my kittycat....don't think he'll be with me much longer  (he's almost 19)
@Thisiswhoiam Same here my Grad also completes last week. Now missing college days 
I hate hayfever so so so much. Ruins the summer. 
This blows.  I love(d) Fear Factory.   http://bit.ly/lvUBm
@buhbuhly tell me just passing stadium .. Left the house early 
Officially canceled: LoveFamily park, NatureOne and Solar  probably no Ibiza to this summer. Leaving to Beijing within weeks for solution
Morning...fell asleep on &quot;Low Down Dirty Shame&quot; 
Misses joelle  she doesn't like me anymore  sniff sniff
No Force Cast tonight.  
Strike 2. I am the worst alarm clock ever.. Why do others tell me my alarm went off, turn it off for me, but choose to not wake me up? 
@LeahCLopez Same here... I had to dig into the goldfish already 
@Total_Collapse  that's not good! good luck!!! well, at least ur challengeing urself!
Poor Iranians' Vote gets chopped by Supreme Leader     Reason Why- Religion and Government does not gel, mix, or blend.
Whole market is closed down cause of sandstorm.. No dinner today.. 
Stuck at work 
#imtiredof Crying over and over again... There has to be a cure for a broken heart somewhere 
@aion_ayase I have pre-ordered CE at Play.com and Game.co.uk (want 2 copies) and no keys or information about keys from either supplier 
@mhaithaca  Curses. Thanks.
@JasonBradbury here's hoping... itching to copy and paste! Odd there are no time announcements though, just a date 
&quot;Glowing&quot; in the summer humidity, desperately trying to think of something to make my sister happy on her birthday tomorrow 
Ground zero is really sad 
Ariel: &quot;Drop the phone!&quot; 
Left lower leg angio. Vascular procedure in the next room! Crazy angio day. They'll both take hous. 
Afraid to leave for breakfast incase the dsl people need me at the house. I'm close to cancelling before I even get service. 
I'm SO disappointed w/the ABCNews/Obama HealthCare Lovefest &amp; Sale-a-thon.Will ABC get rt be4 the new season of #Lost nxt yr?  #tcot#sgp
Tempted to cancel my last client  I wanna head to car wash and stop n shop...Itd be fantastic if my parents had a pool, sunbathing day!
@eingrad missed it again.  Tough to be the first one! 
@DiscloseTV Encounters In Siberia 1/2 Access Denied 
Break ups are so hard  &lt;3
Just woke up! Play practice today  ughhhhhhhh
@ezywheels recommendation is shit!!! Bloody thing keeps crashing!!! Not a happy tweetdecker.... 
Waiting on my new phone to get delivered! Cracked the face on the touchscreen! 
@KeLLyKeLLs I'm so sorry pumpkin   I hope it gets better really soon.  Rest up so we can play!
Lack of nourishment 
Stuck at work with an annoying client calling every few minutes. not fun at all 
Sisters at work. Stuck with people who only speak spanish and they're 16 yr old grandson. This is awkward. Wish I had my car  nothin to do
@Sillypea Same here 
Stuck in a rut and lacking creative direction 
Locked out of emilys house! 
@prenvo one Broken Mobile allowance 
@Exquisite027  thanks. If only!
Beat this @techsupportrich @PirateDave89 6 hours  http://yfrog.com/467yrj
Captured a little video of a squirrel eating on my window sill, pop the memory card into the computer, and the video is corrupt 
downloading now! Brought laptop to work just for this!  Wireless here is so damn slow! 45 mins remaining... 
@dubfire_scitec Pretty graphic indeed!  Killing one's countrymen certainly is not cool. 
Is at Mimi's and its been so long all the techs almost didn't know who I was.  I told them its a recession :-\ Real Talk
@thecraigmorris Plus.. do YOU have the proper accent?  Curious as mine is apparently not welsh enough..  so I am told.
In my bed Ill as hell 
transitions are better, but still no MMS for me   cmon, apple!  You call this an update?? Voice Memo, Search feature is cool ...letdown...
Persistant Sinknet disconnection keeps interrupting my firmware downloads  gonna sleep and get them while in the office tmr
it sucks being the only musically diverse music producer in your area (DMV) all they care about is club bangers and &quot;Saving Hip-hop&quot; 
is watching the finale of Prison Break.. 
@jproney  Cheer up, good chap! All will be well in the end. You are too great of a person for it to not be so.
FAILURE. Someone bought my Drop Dead t-shirt 
Trying to figure tweetdeck out.  Confused 
Bandaid on my thumb 
@josianna Same here....something not quite right 
iPhone: Sinking progress 
Nothing in the mail...   Left a voice mail will find out soon.
Has just had a row with her mum :@. Annoyed 
I get really excited when I see I have a new follower. Then I see it's not a real person, some Sex-ed thing or game twitter 
boo the Ariat tall boots I ordered are too big  Return and exchange time.
Eddie Bauer: Latest Bankrupt Retailer http://bit.ly/Bd0lA (via @nytimes) oh no, like them 
@ninajansen Same here - and I've been trying for the last hour or so 
Bloody 3.0 update wouldn't work 
I've just been accused of Image Theft 
@themeekshall thx. no joy there tho.  these are what i want http://tinyurl.com/lrkhrq how fit are they? think they may be Size? exclusives
I'm dancing in my house to &quot;Poker Face&quot; in just panties.. *sigh*... I couldn't find a T-Shirt to put on 
Police at my house at 3:30am lastnight! Person across the street saw ppl in our yard and called them! Scary 
Greed will always trump regulation.    http://tinyurl.com/m6u646
@mechangel Safe flight sweetieeeeee!!! So sorry I didn't get to see you before you left 
@sunsetoverdose I bet you like Millionaires, huh? 
@EpiphanyJenee Recovering from a sprained ankle 
still waiting on a Jailbreak  #comeonpwnagetool
@hellagood ouch!  Strange. and you're the apple expert so I guess you tried everything you know. :\
Missed train home by seconds. Waiting 30+ minutes for the next one 
On my way to pay bills for the month. Checkbook balance looked great this morning now 
@mayhemstudios :O Blasphemy   well... I can detail it for you. I look like I'm on crack and like an idiot. End of video. 
My dad is out of (open heart) surgery but they are keeping him sedated until tomorrow sometime. Concern with his heart bleeding. 
BAck To Home 
@ bmilkers... Spoke to him. He can't play it because of a chain reaction show 3 weeks earlier.  keep looking
Stressful day. I need a hug 
Not in love with Lines Vines and Trying Times  don't like all like saxs and jazzy instruments. I think it's way over produced
Writer's block. Definitively 
Caught this at work today, his tail came off  http://mypict.me/4c6f
I hate Lash Blast! 
Is wondering y I can't find a summer job? Depressing how many apps I filled out n received nada in return 
Annoyed that I'm going to have to get up early to shower at work because my hot water tank is still boiling up! 
Upset that I can't do my Chalene Extreme for another 6 weeks, Doctors orders only walking allowed 
says Offline for 2 days..am sure my Karma will go down..  http://plurk.com/p/11q1e9
Stuck in the car waiting for my windows to defrost. 
Free dub techno.... (last tweet that is) not this one. This one is linkless. 
IRS forced us into personal and business bankruptcy.   Quick Books books pro inventory adjustments a major problems.  Beware!
@adammarkrobson bloody right! Is it rude if a friend asks what you've done? I have tendonitis  Rubbish!
@betterthanblank could you design me a better background for my twitter home page.  I like the Uprising logo, but you can't see it.  
Why does there always have to be so much noise next door?  Banging, Crashing, Jack Hammering - it never stops 
@scuba_suzy this is so sad... They also take the fins and throw the rest of the shark back into the water alive. Cruel and wasteful! 
Right now,  am in the inbetween time. Waiting for a call that was supposed to come between one and five(50 mins from now) from repairman 
@medgirl2001 Same thing here 
@bkmacdaddy Save any tacos for me? I've got killer homemade salsa and nothing to put it on 
@MATTHARDYBRAND Random query. Who made your new jacket? Actually who makes all the coats I love them all. I have a wrestler coat fetish 
@NewNicci .....True fact. I've neva done it....but the majority beats the minority. 
@NextRevolution: @Dystopia_Dream isn't shady. She's my friend. 
Quick nap, dinner, no work out facility here... 
Slow &amp; difficult start to the morning which became disastrous as I realised I had no coffee at home..... Now relying on office coffee 
@Karenknowsbest I heard about that - Complete and utter thugs and its totally disgusting that is happened. Those poor people 
Trying Hard to start 
@danishmarie We did go to Real Deal, but I can't drink alcohols cuz I had strep and I'm on antibiotics 
Waiting in line at the pharmacy at longs. Longest line ever 
@tedgrafx I am, indeed. I try to do it twice js&amp;php. Invalid data sucks. 
i'll tweet to remmember   Wth. all my notes since september are unreadable.   lmao they have lyrics written over them and happy faces
I'm sad, but trying not to be.  Thankful for work, because in 3 days I won't be able to do what I used to every day... 
troptraditions@ I have been using TTCO for over 6 years!! The best!!! Waiting with baited breath for next coupon...missed last one. 
@troptraditions I have been using TTCO for over 6 years!! The best!!! Waiting with baited breath for next coupon...missed last one. 
Why do all the hot guys at the gym have to be straight... Talking to a hot boy, then he starts talking about the hot chicks 
@wpbguess $140 milton doesn't go as far as it used to. /Truer words have not been spoken.  
Just missed the train by a few secs. Hassle!  
Putting together the entry form for &quot;Win a trip to Pompeii&quot;...unfortunately, I'm unable to enter  #mvcomms
bumped my knee on a bedpost. Huge big bruise 
Taking the 3.0 plunge... Loosing all my hacks and sounds 
@get2knowpro that's awesome. Same way I felt about my grandma. I miss her a lot 
Hurts.. My poor insides. Tired in pain.. A little starving. 
@MissTiffy  it was jus a coincidence then LOL... Cause I don't want no beef with u 
urgh this is a bad crash - I can't even move the &quot;Slide to power off&quot; to restart it 
Alone... Out of school &amp; waiting for edgar 
At Bat Mitzvah Lessons waiting for my turn  I hate this its so boring
where art thou Smiley Face? 
Eu preciso comprar &quot;Lines Vines and Trying Times&quot; 
Porn these days!!! They just don't make it like they used to anymore. 
@martinigyrl79 no cannot  closing the store. Cheer looooud for me!! And babes... shoesies is gonesies!!
Full of energy and nowhere to go but home 
@Spite1977 i wuda but im shooting at 7 soooo tmrw? 
Miserable. I need to get out of this town, stat. Away from all these thoughts in my head. I hate running away 
Took the MSaT (MN State Aptitude Test) Result: Turn in your bunt pan, Cheesehead - 32%. My whole family failed!  http://tinyurl.com/qn3gmq
AA3 is too buggy to play.    And I waited hours to get it.  Hope they fix the bugs soon.  Go Army Beta Testing!  lol
Obligatory &quot;I just upgraded my iPhone&quot; post... meh...going to jailbreak friday...I want video recording back (I have a 1st gen  )
@theappleblog my local proxy won't let me download it.  I'll have to go to an internet cafe. Excited about it though.
The dogs tripped me into the pool  Mean doggies! Nahhhh... they were cute, lol. One even sang for me!! teehee.
Getting ready for some sleep! Geo &amp; english exam tomorrow(N )Out w.danica &amp; hayley.   ughh life 
Downside of what I do  -- family went from mocking me to now begging for my  web 2.0 assistance (even hubby every now &amp; then) Family rate?
Mowed the lawn... I ache everywhere... I'm such a weakling aha 
No Doubt's sold out. 
Frightened to turn off my laptop in case it &quot;looses&quot; my wireless adaptor again 
@dolphin85 Haha! Dissatisfied with my current life 
@permeister yeah tell me about it.   Friend is insisting I look at her new pics.
watching Disaster movie..... lol then going to bed, not feeling well  goodnight xo
Looooooooooooooooooong story! Short version: got a splinter in his arm - it got infected because the Drs. staff didn't do their job 
Stuck in some traffic   I shouldn't twitter while driving! lol
I had to delete my &quot;Better&quot; (frets on fire) video because Guns N' Roses sucks and disabled it even after I appealed 
@L_A_LuvErGyrL @Dim0nd_PrInceSs thanks 4 cummin 2 see if I was alive bitchez 
Stuck at work....gonna do inventory  hope itll be fun all the way thru 3am.
Seths chain broke again!!! Waiting on him to go get the car. We were halfway to olive garden 
@smeranda Congrats on selling the Escape! I wish I could move my panel van.... buyers keep walking because of the blood stains 
Last day of nightschool!!   Free cookies yay!!! Haha fatass!
Exhausted and I don't like it   I want a vacation please.
Correct! It would be whose gogo iPhone win again 
@Mtn_Dew Game Fuel is nowhere to be found in Idaho. Makes me a less caffeinated sad panda. 
Borrowed it and never gave it back... 
Pumped to go back in the studio tomorrow! No singing for me though 
Record is at the pressing plant, artwork approved ... now we play the waiting game. 1,000,000 Delinquents coming to bit torrent soon 
@aznJaime well duh. Cause you never wrote me a letter 
@moonfrye #myfirstdate turned out to be a girl just trying to make her ex jealous. Crushing 9th grade moment 
I have not been home since 630 this morning.. Longest day ever, I just want my bed! 
Gleeful that MMS is included in the new iPhone update. Irritated that AT&amp;T hasn't activated it yet. Angry that it won't work on my phone. 
Excited to see the airborne toxic event tonight but not excited about the pile of unfinished bids and paperwork I left at home  
What code coverage tool to use for Spring and Dependency Injection ? Cobertura says my code coverage is 0 
At my moms... Worried about my bf  hope he's okay (jmw&lt;3)
its times like this I wish I had a boo and was &quot;cakin&quot; it....welp i guess Ill go 2 sleep and start my routine day all over again tomorrow 
Fishy-fishy is ill; has fin rot 
I hate having to say goodbye to such a great friend! Change is a-comin...its inevitable 
Voice recorder on my phone worked ONCE, then froze up.Hard reset phone, doesnt seem to work, cannot record or playback.Restoring tomorrow 
@dianpr tadi malem vey mimpi giginya vey tanggal. Ada apakah? Fear that something may be happen 
@NXTH Unlucky I had to come back 
Entire family wants2see HolyGrail, then ppl disappear for bed 1by1 like dine&amp;dashing on the check. I'm last &amp; it's only @ shrubbery scene 
Break is over and its back to lesson  omg twitter is addictive! - http://tweet.sg
@AlexandraCO I wanted to buy that jacket today as well... only they didn't have my size. Tragedy. 
Dark day in store for Puneites  Load shedding 
@leslieisastar I know it is my Fault  sorry
I missed the Duel 2 reunion show  crapppp. I have to get up at 6am... Dare I stay up &amp; wait for it to come on again?
guessed wrong on the euro size for my vibram 5 finger shoes. Return process 
Glitches w/ 3.0 update. 
wow, not in a very good mood &amp; i had to clean out my fish Riot's tank. he died last week, i miss that little sucker. coolest fish around. 
@alisha_j Same thing is happening to me, i get excited for nothing 
@nicolle77 nope. Not at all. blackberry, broken xbox, movies I've seen a million times and laptop with internet. Boring after a week 
Forecast for the next 10 days = rain every single day? Noooooooooooo 
Left my sunglasses on the train today.....woe is me 
I need a ride to the bus station tomorrow.  anyone? Ill pay you! http://twurl.nl/om5ook
http://www.cosplay.com/marketplace/showproduct.php/product/12822/cat/all Dream cosplay! Waaaaant  I could easily get it taken it to fit me
Watching tv.. Excited to get a haircut tomorrow! But I think I'm getting sick 
Rate limit exceeded. #tweetdeck #italktoomuch 
@rwiggumrules Couldn't we just skip that part? Just so darn Messy... ick 
At office.. Another hactic day..  Deadline tmr to submit mgmt report n complete all appraisals. 
Verdict: Matt has the flu. Getting tested for swine flu. LOL. Doubtful he has that. But he's pretty sick  I just have a bad headache..
No veggie bowl can ever be as yummy as my homemade ones! Lesson learned the hard way... my tummy hurts 
Bittersweet...what an amazing night...but so sad its over! 
Sleepy.. Driving home tonight  I wish it wasn't over already
@laurenmcartney we have Forever New, not Forever 21...unfortunately 
At work til 6 am... what fun! Tired and ready for bed 
last day working at the high school today  All my time can now be devoted to Local Heroes.. woo..hoo...
Bloody toothe shifting to the back again! Really hope retainers can fix don't want the braces back again 
Feet/leg cramps suck so much d. 
@Circinfo Matching scars 
@leeminho Easy!!! deadly schedules kill you 
Dodgers loose 5-4 against the A's  (43-23 Record)!!!!!
ODEIO o @brunonow por me fazer assistir The Notebook 
Worried about my little boy.  
Wanted to make a ringtone of @lukemanning yelling &quot;Turkey Leg&quot; from the latest ep of WDWNT podcast, but file was too big 
@mattycus Maybe things have gotten better in the last few weeks, but have you tried PUG'ing Emalon?  Same story.  
Annoyed that I missed a call from Boyfriend earlier. He's been swallowed by Academia this week and I miss him. 
is super bored.. I need a vacation/holiday. Away, away from here.. 
@Twilighter19 WheatysGirl is Jailed on both accounts 
@echich @noday42 Too late.  I almost convinced her, though. Lean on her for me.
I think @drskeletor just abandoned me in an internet cafe. Abandonment is becoming quite a theme in my life.. 
Cause i cant get replies on my phone sadly  anyway i cant even turn off the computer manually! WTF? *sighs* good night for real this time
Angry the Electric is out in her house 
::Sighs:: I feel so mentally stressed right now...I need another book to read to calm me down 
needs to consider a bit more carefully what books she reads before bed. PEA and Thinner Than Thou , amazing books, that leave me wired 
Stuck in frisco againnnnn  someone save me pleaseeee!!!
Going to bed... 12 hour shift tomorrow, Yay!!!  gahaha i'm stuck in that store for 12hours. Save me!!
@KimberlyKane life is very hard for the Female Adult stars right 
@DanielOyston Gutted. 
@annkur not yet ankur. Waiting for the monsoon to hit kolkata soon; as scorching sun is taking a toll of us  wht about mum'bhai'?
Watching all these episodes of 48 hours: Hard Evidence has made me incredibly paranoid in my everyday life.  I'm afraid to leave my house 
Kinds waking up now. 
The time has come to change everything.....Excited abt the new coll bt sad abt getting seperated from family and friends  :S
Stuck in jammed jakarta, otw to airport. Hungry 
@charlisse226 I don't think so. Cause all drinks weren't $3 ... also we didn't take advantage of any of the cool stuff. Like goody bags. 
@KarenAlloy 1:13am is when someone posted that. Lengthening twitter paswords is a pain because all the related sites, but hackerspam suks 
OH NO! Hillary Clinton Fractures Elbow in Fall   http://bit.ly/4h2CJW via @NYTimes
No free wifi @sfo  Waiting for the flight and really sleepy...
Computer boots into Safe Mode, but shuts off when try to boot normally. -_- idk what is going on. 
Because life aint all that peachy you would expect they'd put a happy end to a tv show. Wasted my night to see main character die 
The role of a house wife sucks...  Unappreciated and undesirable 
it's so sad :'(  Irony is hating love, for what it does to me,what it's done to me ..  Please don't leave me honey 
Annoyed by everyone and everything 
@M0zilla Same model I'm trying to make work 
Volcano Roll withdrawal symptoms 
The girl I went out with last night thinks I'm gay   The upside is I could get my hand further up thigh   Cast your votes, kids.
is Wide awake! dunno why.  http://plurk.com/p/11tgrq
@Mis_B not so much.  how are things?
Free cut in Psych 108! Yay! Annoying how we still have an org meeting later at 5:30 though 
@KHAOSDARAPPER yeah got there at 230 closed at 3. Home alone now...all alone 
Diet Pepsi to wash the mucus down. Emotional night 
I am not required for Jury service 
+sigh+ My vocal ability has really gone down the tubes lately.  Gone from sfogato soprano to coloratura mezzo.  I may never get that back 
Exhausted 
So Tired. 
&quot;Unconditional love&quot; has been stuck in my head for like 4 days now. I love love but it's not my fave sibject right now. 
Off to buy hubby a birthday present... what do you buy a man who has everything?  Tired of buying Cuban cigars every occasion 
Stuck in traffic, i better not miss my connecting coach  xx
@JessJubilee I wish I could have, but the night is already over homie.  I asked her to play No Money For Guns, but she didn't have it 
Dismayed to switch on news and learn a 14yr old has stabbed a 15yr old just at the end of my road. Scared kids knifing scared kids 
Stuck in traffic, god it's like a slow painful death 
Awe man, that was a hard episode to watch. 
Going to do English Assignment over the weekend, lost the sheet 
Full periods , tomorrow. 
@LisaK1308 Bloody not warm here... 
either redbull required or im going home to relax and sleep coz i think im losing the plot today. Tired and irritated... 
@SrideviSangaiah@rickbanerjee @mprajvel missing those impromptu discussions  -&gt; True
WOW.. There was just a catepillar on my living room floor. Random! I brought it outside in a cup but I think my cat already killed it 
Choke, the film, let me down. 
Made a brochure.. Friend said it looks like a Nerolac Paints Ad! 
Worried about little jacky 
Exhausted. 
Panic stations  oh no
Irritated that offline google docs doesn't work in #safari4. Just get a big Circular Redirect of Doom, then a blank page  #fail
HOT again in Tally, will be above 100 again today 
Someone just yacked on Nemesis LOL. Waiting time extended whilst they mop it up 
So sick of feeling sick... wish the doctors would work out what is wrong with me.  Dreading that it's a stress ulcer 
Solid state drives are awesome, but the performance alone doesn't justify paying around twice-as-more and getting considerably less space 
Supposed to be working in Nieuwegein, but can't logon! Waiting now for 3 hours 
Found carpet beetles at home  Time for Operation: Clean. Yuk!
watching last episode of *One Liter of Tears* on you tube.. so sad.  
watching last episode of *One Liter of Tears* on you tube.. so sad. 
@Daily_Record A 90% cut would still leave him with a bigger pension pot than most of his exemployees will ever get - i am too generous 
Just got to my gate. Waiting for the plane to get here. I'm all by myself 
'Real Genius' house of overflowing popcorn myth busted  (http://gossipdatabase.com/node/7078)
@RhysBoulton  Jealousy occurs in the one without a sausage and bacon sandwich.
around, getting ready, S'ville. Ultrasound soon. Dying to pee 
@AuNaturalArt Are you ok? Panic attacks are soooo not fun! 
@AndrewBravener haha yeah. Overthinking is my curse too. So annoying 
@markhoppus  mark I am Part of that world...I am a suit too! 
i like dogs. hehe. that would be part of a great journy of urs but we'l surely miss u. Badly.  @gingerbreadZEEE
'Real Genius' house of overflowing popcorn myth busted  (http://hollywooddatabase.com/node/7076)
The holiday begins.  Inspired by @cloudgazer I may go for a walk then cut the grass.  On the other hand ....  I may .... not 
@philcampbell Low-fat cheese is made by the devil 
Decided to take a shortcut throught downtown, only made things slower. Stuck in the streets 
Cheerleading Condition! 
Visiting physiotherapist daily. A swelling in lower back is killing. Waiting desperately to get back to normal life 
Home alone again 
had to leave Chance at the vet this morning... thought my baby was coming home this morning 
Slight flight problem...and by slight i mean huge. 
@misskrisha ived tried the plastic rollers and those heated rollers from sallys... Same results curls fall  hadn't tried the sponge ones
i want e carpet!! But its freakin ex! A small carpet costs 2000! Wth.. I'm sad 
Stuck in my cube working 
Beautiful day for cleaning indoors 
Study time  why oh why. Hmmmmmmm tomoro tells al. A year wow
will not be working for British Energy. Gutted. 
@RYoon Home, safe and sound, but tired. I peed on the carpet 
Waiting for a colleague to leave. Idling through a food blog has left me salivating. No enthu to cook though 
&quot;Juggling is the hardest, most impressive way to get people to not like you.&quot; great &gt;_&lt; explains everything doesnt it! i love juggling.. 
Everyone follow @BosUrbanMaMa Cause she is my sis and the coolest parent in the world. I wish you was my momma 
@pameetupaz Same here! I just hate it when people starts to ask question. 
@nlomioni Afraid not, sowwy 
Dowloaded bloomberg from appstore.  Simulated trades on it. Made losses today.  No surprise though. Mart sliding but hopefully bounce back
Voice recorder on my phone worked ONCE, then froze up.Hard reset phone, doesnt seem to work, cannot record or playback.Restoring tomorrow 
Aww what?! Discovery haven't re-voiced How It's Made 
Here I am. Enslaving myself to yet another form of internet communication...my poor future 
@MrBigDreams no  what am I missing?? Lol least I get to see him again tonight on 'Beyond the Break' 
I want jack penate's new album ahhhhhhhh! Gutted i have no money 
@BreezeJackson good morning to you too..I am good thank you?  Tired of this rain lol 
Stunning Defeat - I (2245) was beaten by HIRUSHAKA (1714) 
Injection in a bit!! Scared 
@nettlecake Respect! I didn't think anyone darned socks anymore. I guess that exposes me as decadent and wasteful 
Rise and shine for the written placement test... Inverse fun 
Eyes hurting, think i've been stiring at the Smart board in school to long 
'Real Genius' house of overflowing popcorn myth busted  http://popwatch.ew.com/popwatch/2009/06/mythbusters-real-genius-popcorn.html
phone freaked out.  FOAP Session 3 today! Feeling good and sending all the love she can to @majere7
http://twitpic.com/7pjh7 - Stuck in traffic 
Silent hill is the only game that does this to me  this whole nervous-twitchy-oh-god thing XD
Real shame you couldn't end up coming @sammutimer 
Count down to saturday adoptions and no real prospect 
Stunning Defeat - I (2245) was beaten by Nopawn (1815) 
getting ready to go to Urgent care..my head still hurts and it's been a week now 
Worn out 
I love Idle Thumbs for berating the Other M trailer, though it's basically Prime 3 with flips. More than one good 3D Metriod, please? 
@MerlottesBar *txt* I hope that's what it is. Cause it was torture. 
Sittin in Focus training ... 
Gone for exam two of the day.  wish me luck world.
Stuck in traffic. Ambulances and police cars just screamed by us. Not another accident... 
Oh my gosh. Whole body hurts..  
http://twitpic.com/2x4z4 - Broken, never to live again 
Next year, I have physics and math... Suicidal. 
@megasmack I can't seem to get it to show Laser barrage or Rocket Strikes for Mimiron 
I wanna move to Dubai. The weather is Hot, the crime is 1-Nil, and the Men are Wealthy. Downfall, I'll be too close to Kuwait 
Break time over... back to work 
@Phatlip12 Sincere Condolences to you and your family. 
Just home. Tired and got alot to do 
Save me the drama for when my plate isn't full, in other news my computer's fan may be broken... 
Stuck in traffic on I26 
So I just realized that the autograph party day is almost upon us...and the Twins Wives' have not done Favorite Things baskets this year. 
@TiffanyCaress. Yes I am &quot;Special&quot;!!! Inside joke from freshman year 
Egads! Load shedding? 
Locked out 
@adamgoswell @imarkyp #meetdraw ? (via @socialtech) sadly can't tonight. Stuck at work testing 
Emotional day 
Stunning Defeat - I (2233) was beaten by Nopawn (1812) 
Off to Babies R Us to buy a shower gift.......bleh  
Having very packed days from tomorrow onwards  Wondering how am I to cope with it. Tired tired tired.
Home.. Lonely wondering where it went wrong 
@Izabe_Cause if i can get it sorted 
Burn Notice was sold out.  
Crap, putting my songs back is harder then I thought  Searching google like crazy trying to figure this out.
So I have a blog... with only one Follower     please follow me  http://raebaby88.blogspot.com/
ooochy ouchy! Horrid bright pink cast off the leg to reveal horrid bright purple painful leg. Oncrutches for another few weeks yet 
@rennymah we can't do shine b/c you're only here for one weekend! Same weekend that we leave vancouver for a short quick getaway! 
I wont be on probably for two weeks  unless i go to my cousins house. Ill be in grants for two weeks!  (The promise is yours!)
BSNL Internet connection is playing Hide &amp; Seek! Disconnecting frequently..... Complained yesterday itself, but no use 
Awake. I am so burnt on my legs. 
@Rackstar2k I could be better, but it's too much to tweet about. Long story short, running out of Fin. Aid for college 
@reply S. Africa's absolutely horrendous rape stats: http://bit.ly/UXsoz . WTF? Sickening. 
I really hate feeling crappy. Onslaught of a migraine coming on  plus a head cold yuck!
Awe too bad I didt know just left dowtown halfway back home 
The shedd aquarium was free this week. I just got here and this line is insane. Change of plans it is 
@TeamManila I saw a guy earlier wearing a &quot;Made in the Republic of the Philippines&quot; shirt (like mine hehe), only it's not Team Manila. 
@tombrooks Cheap joke 
Boss is back.  No lunch for me 
@Ainz90 Mirrored windows rock..... Except when people start picking their teeth..... EEeewww.... 
In bed. Poorly tummy... 
Fake lunch alone blows 
Awake and praying that I won't be in such a slump today. 
Shattered. 2hrs from home and just want to see my bed.  zzzz
@keepsakebaby Awe.....I hope your babies feel better soon 
@onyxbox yep, my xbox is probably just waiting for the day when I put in the new Mass Effect 2 disk... then it will just melt.  
Caught out in the rain. Hiding out on the national guard recruiting officer's porch. 
Just woke up. Home alone 
Created a twitter account for this office account. 
@_Ambure_ Random, but I saw ur surgery pics, I had 2 surgeries on my foot in the last 4 months, I feel ur pain! I miss my heels &amp; running 
Just saw Matt from Facecage trying to shop haha :p Drink at the World's End, Camden then Amebix! Tired again  lol
Awake, sad, sleepy, etc... What more could be wrong. 
I just waited and hour at the town hall, Dreading tomorrow muchly 
My right pinky toe is still on fire...smh. Lesson learned, never wear new shoes and attempt to stand up for hours. 
Entire day off! going tanning and gettin my hair done! oh and i have to clean my house 
Full day of doctor's appointments...not a fun day off work 
@omphale23 Also, did you see about Shifty?  
Ugh... Enough rain already! So tired of the headache and hurting. 
Slowed down so much this afternoon  Losing concentration!
Too bored to study  Killing time in the web...
Just woke up, on my way to the gym. Tired 
Capt. Van Note's award dinner later! Getting eyebrows done in a few...then studying for finals 
@invebobby *awesome* except for Drop Down Menus no longer working in Safari in 99.9% of all web sites 
Left his phone at home  talk to me on aim if ya wanna talk to me!
Scared about workin now haha 
Stuck in the rain 
Golfing with my cousin and old childhood friends!!! Rough day so far  but love the company!!!
Scared ive got a brain disease 
AAAAH. Ran out of time on Phantom Hourglass, so I died. Then, as I was about to try and get back to where I was, my battery died  Fail
@amacisaac I did, but I had the date wrong and it was this week.    No worries, Ill just use my head to stop the balls.
Really wanting a hamburger for lunch...but I guess I'll just eat my Hot Pockets.  
Gutted that I'm moving out of @bebroadband service area, crappy resold BT connection here I come 
At Home.... 
Rear-ended someone coming back from lunch.  We were stopped at a light, he went, I went, he stopped/slowed down, I didn't.  
Slow internet connexion should be declared a crime 
Just bored work and stuff tomoro! Stressful day 
@smarx simpletracking.cloudapp.net vs simpletracking.com - 500-1500ms for azure, 80-100ms on a CELERON! Same code. Unacceptable 
@MGiraudOfficial Hard day today in twitterville  but I hope you enjoy your day send some + pics
I feel ill. Light headed, headache, nauseous, TIRED! 
Caught in a 20-minute rainstorm... should've worn the Vibram Five Fingers 
TOP SECRET Fat Loss Secret go http://bit.ly/G7bXfF :]Moving out and leaving Wallace 
Another power outage  Short-lived I hope!! So sick of resetting the clocks, lol
Another power outage  Short-lived I hope!! So sick of resetting the clocks, lol
Yay! Boss is gone until 4, but the big boss is coming in @ 3:30 and I didn't know or I would have dressed up 
Never mind. Change of plans due to the weather. 
Angry and sad 
watching first 48! Depressing, i might just get a butterknife and fall on it! sheesh! 
Disgusted and sick!!! Disgusted at Hughes Net still no modem! Sick with stomach flu or something was up all night last night  
update: Lock smith not needed. Friends mom has my spare keys. She was supposed to drop it off. I'm on my break and i can't leave. 
&quot;Cause I no better not to be friends with boys with girlfriends.&quot; I thought I knew better 
@stellery Yay pokemon! Slacking with the new one 
Home, but tired and grumpy. 
@zacharylong there is no way to photoshoot the lighting. Far to quick to react. 
Length of time clean washing has been in teenage daughters  bedroom doorway- 4 days,7hours,35minutes 
@itszMARYANNE I miss youuuuu. Gloomy day is gloomy.  
I want to see The Proposal tonight for the midnight premier but nobody wants to go 
Downside of sprinkling your popcorn w/ turmeric &amp; snacking whilst typing: covering your new-ish white keyboard with yellow stains 
The ending of Breaking Dawn was so nice but its sad its the last book from the saga 
prev tweet: He's still@ credit union, &amp;nobody there can take him--talking about putting him outside 2nite   Urgent kitteh situation.
@Mystery84 @RealistOne09 I don't remember cuz you didn't tell me, son!! I would've put it on my calendar, jerk!! It's cool though 
Ugh. Feeling like a blimp today... :/  wish I was at the lake with my family in austin... Stuck @ work instead 
Amazon Remembers doesn't always work  #squarespace
Hard to believe @emeseis. Those pics earlier this week were terrible. But I trust you! They should protect him better 
@SophBrassington yes.... Tap Tap Revenge 2 if  you haven't got it yet. Also, M.A. Game. (or most addicitive game) hope you don't have em. 
@candiceshane Kidney infection FTL  that hurts baby, I'm sorry! Drink as much cranberry juice as you possibly can.
Gutted like a fish 
@mintii I read Vitamin Drop in my reader and seriously thought &quot;wait isn't it vitamint?&quot; before realizing that i was stupid 
Away from home for a couple days.  sad and gonna miss everyone!  love you all.
Left my fone in lisas car and my broadband isnt workin. . de trauma. . iv been so deprived al day  got my fone bk al is gud now
Reason why i aint being on comp or at school or wp cos i fell down stairs this mornin big bump on head 
Porn sites on twitter sucks, when will those that like to show naked photo learn that those who want to see em will find em without help 
Beautiful sunny day and I'm trapped inside. 
@Gianavel @Killing4cupcakes ... this one time this ^%#4@ hit my puppy 
@Agent__99 Scary... 
Bummed that Nine Inch Nails won't be coming back to the USA&gt; 
Watching the last episode of Obsession, but finding it too scarey !! 
Gutted I won't be at pride this year... It's gonna be amazing 
Home after #mwpkn Would have loved to have stayed and mingled but couldn't face sitting outside 
@phillipsdj Ah mate, jaffas would go down a treat. Killer throat ache and wii sports wont let me win 
Just woke uppp. Nightmares 
Concentrated soy dust inhalation = 24-hour asthma 
@hahahanley D: so very tragic! Fate is a cruel, cruel whore 
Buried in expenses...too bad the cheque won't be for me! 
Scared of this storm 
Payday is no fun when the money is already spent 
I hate beinG boRed, im now watchin Worlds Strictest Parents..feeling like a LOSER..im a lonely-loner 
keeps missing her 1 o'clock drama  booo I wanna watch Catsoup &amp; Paranoid Agent now...
Stopped in lebanon. Tire assploded  but i should be in nashville within the hour. tomorrow = murfreesboro!
Tacobell with nate ten i dont know. I have to do the dishes ugg. Sort of in a bad mood. Although perioding soon. 
@stuartbogg Problem is....I dunno where to check numbers and how many I have left before I get thrown off 
@ElenaBerrino  But I know you just wrote it so you wouldn't sound like you were asking for indications. True or not? ;)
#dreamhost &quot;Error establishing a database connection&quot; ---&gt;  
Stuck at the hair salon   The price for &quot;beauty&quot;.
Lesson learned: dont go home before school 
@AndrewAesthetic which is the side project thingy supposed to be!? Danger radio or TSA?? Losttt.. i want some more danger radio 
Ultimate training and after cycling back to Revnice = bad idea.... there are millions of some small flies around river 
is allowed any sex until her boyfs cock piercing heals!!! Gutted! 
isn't allowed any sex until her boyfs cock piercing heals!!! Gutted! 
@aaronsinohio what's that mean...&quot;Shutdown&quot;...not what I think it means! I hope not! 
Caught the roomie's cold... now sore throat, throbbing migraine.. and ears that hurt like mad... 
I wanna do something, but my boo isn't here. Loneliness. 
Powerless 
Oops I forgot about the free beer in Seriff.  Missed it.  Silly work always getting in the way.  
@lainey316 They're going to discharge her, so I guess it's not tooo bad as these things. Frightening all the same. 
Penzance. Journey from hell. Low light coming about 10pm as light got low and I realised my headlights weren't working 
@AmyElizabeth26 Jealousy 
Fishy is dead... he was a good betta... fish funeral later...stay tuned 
@angrypsychokel  signed my Broken button too I was surprised how sweet he was. I only got like 1 good one of JMJ and Illan 
its so nice out. Stuck in work 
Or maybe just... Alone. 
@Honesty666 i only joined twitter about 2 months ago  if that
Grrrrrrr went to the wrong restroom when I got here and then I try unlocking a car that's not mine.....so out of it. Tired I guess 
The heat is unbearable. Its 95 degrees. I can't do this. Home is a nice 78. 
Shattered after spending a day learning call handling techniques 
Off work. Scared to go home bc I know I have a painful run ahead of me.  still sore from the last.
@eileen0204 Same here.. crying on and off all day.  Each new call I get starts me up again.  This is so hard.  
@Fallen_Reason haha piss head! where's my invite to sports bar with u kim and josh!? 
@matthewrrr he sent it to me until he asked me if I got the msg  I would have either said that, Dory or Easier (alt edit)
I cannot believe I slept all freakin' day! I totally want to go see &quot;The Proposal&quot; tomorrow 
@Falgi   I knoww me either .. Double wahh 
Hardest #gfree day yet...nauseous this morning and didn't have gfree gingerbread cookies, &amp; just had to order palak paneer with NO NAAN 
Burned out on drawing 
Wow, another one gone  this place is hell. Actual hell.
@augustjoki On the Job is a bit broken too.   Waiting to hear from those Winnepeggians.. @danmessing Heelllp us!
Awake and feelin a bit crappy...  
Suicides nexT  shit
@charlie_hale didn't go through an agent, landlord is my bruv in laws friend. Fly tomorrow evening 
Is not doing too good driving the stick today  its harder than i thought. Spending time with a great friend though.
Truck wont start. Stuck in taco bell parking lot. And its super hot 
I'm officially OLD.  High Blood Pressure Meds...  - Photo: http://bkite.com/08EeH
My Computer is Broken... 
@mugpie_guy Beautiful song - hope your day wasn't too painful   
had such bad sinus pain last night, I was crying! aarrgghhh....so painful! Quiet weekend for me 
My mom won't buy me the Secret Window. 
Stuck at work again ... I haven't spent an evening home this week and won't before monday! 
oh lame oh lame oh lame. Sucking at life is expensive  Automatic billpay fail on all my accts last month. Late fees/finance charges up the
@BrittaniTaylor http://twitpic.com/7pyqu - Mean! 
I have to put in my two weeks notice tomorrow. I'm scared! I don't like to disappoint people.  Advice from the peanut gallery??
Just found out that in america (&amp; other places) they sell mashed potato @ kfc. Shocking :O! I want mashed potato from kfc  St00pid england
41 Bus. Bed I want bed. Warning u all .......tomo I will be MOODY! 
So happy that my sister came home to Fort Worth for the weekend! Cooking dinner with her and my mom. Trying to heal my sunburn! Ouch 
Awake with the munchies! 
Sweeties.. gotta go.. I dont want to but.. I dont think I'll tweet tonight  buuuh.. Ill be helping the same friend that I helped ystrday!
Ugh the dude in this movie looks exactly like andrew . Crushing again 
@cbsop Easy enough- I work without any fancy lenses (unfortunately...)   One day I will own my dream camera equipment!
I'm making I Spy pictures   It's fun.  But I have to wait to do proper photos because it's too dark now   Pictures are grainy x.x
AA3 locked up my computer again on server launch!!! Piece of crap.  I guess I am not playing. 
and so I remember, it's been a year since &quot;The Purge&quot; 
Stuck on a boat on the ocean wit no gas 
After repainting the living room to cover dry wall repairs we realize we got glossy instead of flat.  Shoot! Repainting - 4th coat. 
I really wish I was in Detroit right now, listening to the Final Fantasy concert! 
Ugh...after all that i could possibly do, my wireless is maxing at 12Mbps downstream. Worthless piece of shit.  Switching to a cable soon 
So hard today. Crying as I left again! He was fine the last couple times at childcare  sigh
Stuck in rush hour traffic being forced to enhale the fumes of the semi next to me 
Home. Wishing he had someone to make him happy. 
#inaperfectworld Crack would make you sterile! 
@katieallover bummer, bro.  Warped needs to hurry up &amp; get here! We have so many things to do! Marriage, beat downs, crowd surfing...
&quot;she was falling, She hit the ground, Where was the sound? It's A Tale Of A Tragic Story&quot;  I'm an IDIOT!
Stuck in non moving traffic on the san mateo bridge 
Tripped over my grandmother's cane and got a carpet burn. 
....And hate tht I wake up several times during the night, with my heavyhead. Random and worried, 5 more days.. 
Homework! Over summer!! how crazy i hate this! 
About to go visit my cousin in the hospital.  Rough stuff.  
Trying to study.. Cause im pretty sure im gonna fail  but i CANT study when im thinking about so much else  UGHHHH. this is suckish
Feeling super ropey today  Bloody sinuses. A day in bed with Flight Control beckons, if I can pull a sickie from group.
Berrystar!  which btw, is no buffet!!  lmfaaao. Inside joke.
@aliakate we're walking buju and then grabbing beers. Fly home 
Betrayal is the word of the day. 
Kill me now, im in so so so much pain&amp; i can't even sleep 
@monicadanger sup Danger? why you not following me yet? 
http://twitpic.com/7rh2i - Alone after the play 
How I wish my bff was here... I miss him   ha ha! Remembering all the funny shit we did and do always brings a smile!
I'm watching The Guyana Tragedy. Unbelievable still, after all these years, to think that so many people followed that insane man so far. 
@lilymay I so totally agree with this. Problem is, I don't understand property well enough to do ANYTHING else while I'm flashcarding it. 
@sarah21210 I am! I'll have to postpone it until the economy does a little recovering. Unemployment at over 12%. 
Pilates + Samara = Major Fail  My core is like pudding! #pilates
At school. Waiting to choose CDS then do Access 
I'm missing Royal Pains and Burn Notice tonight.  I'll have to catch up when I get back into town Sunday. 3 whole days late!
Awake at 4.30, again awake in the middle of the night 
Stunning Defeat - I (2244) was beaten by hallicarnasus (2037) 
@dbacksbooth Hard tacos only 
@Rebel31_55 will it knock me out for any extended amount of time?  Cause I'm nearly at work 24/7 and cant really do that 
to school!! Gone are the days of sleeping past 6:30am 
I'm SO tired right now! Socializing and being sleepy don't mix 
I always seem to miss Counting Crows in concert. 
I missed Burn Notice 
missed Burn Notice 
Stubborn rashes refuse to go away. 
In the shadows. Lurking in Willy B probably. Prove me wrong  http://mypict.me/4om1
Alone all weekend 
I am soooo bored. And stuck at home. Alone  yaaaaay....
Killer headache  megggyy i &lt;3 you
@Dukeicon Rubbish! hope you can sort something mate 
TOP SECRET Fat Loss Secret go http://bit.ly/G7bXfF :]Moving out and leaving Wallace 
Never had a Drem come True! (8) 
Overcome with nausea.... Why??!!!! 
@One_Bloody_Poet there's such a thing as drama in twitter? I came here to escape that shit 
I'm dead tight she's havin a good labor!!!!! I was wildin  lol.. Wow..once da head n shoulders r out ahhhhh Relief!! Lol..
Getting ready to finish Breaking Dawn!! 
I wish I didn't have to repeat so many classes. Blame it on my severe inertia! 
Just finished Fallout 3 - great game! Felt cheated at the end though. I had enough Rad-Away to make it 
watchn 16&amp;Pregnant w/ the bf. i swear child birth is the scariest shxt in the world to me. all my parts are hurtn frm just watchn it   ...
Winding down for the night. Watched about 30 mins of &quot;Shindler's List.&quot; It's sad so far. 
Oh man! Wrong thursday! Payday is next week 
@caitymarie. Haha ok Ill prolly have to meet you out there tomorrow. I have to wait for my check 
Longest graduation ever 745 students eff my life 
free-per-view cut out... no Burn Notice for me tonight 
TBS didn't play Spin. 
Just used the last Zicam and the next thing I read is this... FDA Letter Puts Zicam Brands in Doubt http://bit.ly/nOa1A sniff-sniff 
@twojohnspodcast I had to unchecked all apps - Sync- then recheck- and sync again. Warning - all data &amp; prefs will go poof. 
Exhausted from work today... And I work 10 to 7 tomorrow... 
my Phone broke   ... third one this year.. (so Far)
Spending the night in los banos ... Kill. me. now. ... i miss YOU. Not him 
@philcoffman ..then you don't get The Glory 
Stuck in late night traffic on 401 
@listofnames ah sry I ditched ya for awhile there  ugh I have finals tomorrow. Save meeeee
@digitaldamsel  Same song, different verse?  Blargh.  
Just got home from work. Dealing with the death of a pt never gets easy! I am so sad! 
AND Secondhand serenade love them @ this moment &amp; I only have 3 pics done  35 days until july..blank
Oh noooo! Runaway Jury is on! I wanna watch it but I need to go to bed 
omg i soooo missed Royal Pains cus these nigga wanna watch DVDs i miss my house 
@LastNitesDream it's about time you showed up!  I don't like spyware  Save me!!!
Everyday I don't get a chance to read @grum's blog I die a little inside  http://bit.ly/lyztJ
@stephanierose85: Same, i'm so tired but I can't sleep. If only I had some nyquil. 
Beautiful day outside, shame I'm stuck inside... 
i'm hoooome!!Away from creepy smoke smelling people finally!!! But now i'm all alone at home  I don't like being alone..i'm scared ugh
Lack of tweeting recently  sorry guys. Friends, girls and summer sinanagins*. (* spell check not included)
Dead roses smell weird 
@JoeJonas1Fan1 ohkay thankyou  i'm so bummed i didn't get to meet @laurenconrad today though  my parents said it was&quot;raining hardcore&quot;
@drhikaru I hope that you get/got where you needed to, and in time no less.  Tight schedule indeed... 
Misaligned wheel $$ 
Stuck in ATL airport until 1030 am tomorrow due to #airtran delay  seems silly that there's no comp or contingency. Terminal floor = hard
I want to go to prom  my hair is soaked right now and I am not happy. Cheer my up, someone?
Stuck at work!   I want my wife!!!
Survived second encounter. Prey is scarred for life- in more ways than one. Sleepy &amp; heading home. No one wanted to kiss me tonight. Aww. 
Off to bed! Awe he was soo tired he just fell asleep  I missed him  goodnightt twitterville!
@MommyNews How did he go? Snap? 
http://twitpic.com/7ryde - Faulty trains suck. 
Spilled lemonade all over my keyboard  but it's still working! phew
@penniwaters22 I can't  I havet Cheer camp !
@ajrt2118 Cause my palpitations are acting up again and they freaked me out, now my doc wants a 24 hour heart monitor 
@chelseyann226 Truth hurts...you're so indenial it's sad 
No tv tonight, so I cant watch Burn Notice tonight  booo hoooo
http://twitpic.com/7rzs2 - Normal right heel and the missing left heel that was ripped out, and all that remains is a hole 
My bodyrolls are gettin a thumbs down from sureshot  whatever I'm going in! Blame @djmyles and @djlindsey!!!
Awake in body but not in mind 
False alarm! The baby is still not here  
Fractured thumb part of my hand 
Son is sad he won't see me this weekend. So am I. But Operation Clearing Out Craploads must get to at least 75% completion by Monday. 
Stunning Defeat - I (2232) was beaten by DRYBSA (1871) 
The Proposal isn't going to be in our theater 
@scottyghia Aw! I want a puppy...  Name her something theatrical! You know..... Ghia would be an adorable name.... just sayin'
Really, falling asleep crying again? Real cool. Whyyyy? 
Playing brick breaker on my blackberry. Cause I can't sleep 
Alone at Spaceships!! 
Icing my ankle. Rolled it over playing basketball.   http://twitpic.com/7s2wr
Received the very last disc of the Wire from Netflix today.    I don't want it to end!
Still adding links and more mask artists to directories!! I already miss doing my Goalie BeastTracker though. 
Save me from the country music!  &lt;3
Left knee and ankle swollen, itching and hurting... - hate those little f*ckers that stung me 
@rosemonique Same here. Phone bill and cable take all the money i make from my two days a week job. 
What a day today... Full of anger and disappointments... 
Longest hour of the week coming up... Last hour of the week... 
http://twitpic.com/7s47v - Slow ass traffic 
Has to wake up @ 430am  boooooo.  Debating on sleeping for the first five hrs of the drive. . . .
Is yet to sample my Spin playlists... 
Who knew it would be so hard to say goodbye. I miss him so much already. Funeral is at 3 today. 
Stuck in houston st 
@harisadu Any ideas to break the &quot;Recession&quot; &amp; &quot;You know how the market is these days&quot; Card? Stumped with that 
Recognize A Manic Episode: http://bit.ly/4e3la  {This is what I'm going through right now.} 
My air mattress has a hole in it. I'll have to find some hit glue to fix it. Temporary patch: Wall hanging paste. 
Real love can make it, right? 
Oh pleeeeease child stop kicking my cervix... mummy needs a break tonight!  Anywhere else, please?
Ready for bed now that the little girls at the sleepover stopped giggling!  Stork News is great, but we lost our contract w/Babies R us, 
@One_Bloody_Poet sorry.  That *would* be awesome...
So basiclly he inspired me to cook. Cause he loves the stuff i whip up though nobody else does 
Oil Refinery Axes 900 Workers After Strikes - better go and fill the petrol tank up then. before those left in jobs down tools 
dammit i missed the end of Biker Build-off  i didnt get to see what chopper won, damn computer...
::: Lack off sugar  ::: http://myloc.me/4qi7
Stunning Defeat - I (2244) was beaten by DRYBSA (1844) 
Free concert tomorrow but I have no one to go with  http://tinyurl.com/mjve7d Curse the fact that I don't yet ... - http://bkite.com/08EXU
Phones pretty much dying permanently. Gas was stolen and spent the last bit of money on re ride home. Empty tank, I want to see my lovess 
@sheilajennings let me know how year one is. Reviews haven't been good 
Dead bunny  ahh
I think the life of my blackberry is done. Cracked screen, missing back piece, charger hole falling apart. But I love it 
it's 3:17am and i'm Awake...   i have to sleep
Stuck at reception drinking beer.  bad and good do not make it good!
Heavy nausea 
@MsToshay Sag is the illest, hit me on aim EuroRv i need some friends 
Impatient and angry drivers are out today  Chill out!
We are unable to decide where to pray Juma Prayer due to Bomb blast Terror  ALLAH Save Us..
Awake and watching rerun of big brother this morning, can't stand virgin SHREE,thinking of what to have for breakfast? 
Wide awake didn't go out nd I can't sleep someone keep me company 
Watery/teary eyes coz of reading too much on pc..guess i'm not yet fully recovered.. 
Problem with adium supporting twitter: Now I can send a message not to the wrong person but to twitter 
Awake, getting ready for airport, early morning thunderstorm outside 
Mind Explosion! I can't take it anymore. 
Stuck inside all day  http://yfrog.com/0qk0pj
My T-shirt for work today: &quot;100% developer. Care Instructions: Avoid direct sunlight.&quot; Pity today was visio &amp; word hell. No code 
checking out latrest news on derby county....and there isnt any.  Gutted  
Omfg! What's going on with the A130 this morning??? Stationary 
Rate limit exceeded 
I have the most stinking cold!!! Rubbish when working from home your don't get the advantage of recovery! 
it is now 2:25am...woke up because throat hurts to bad. Sucking on a throat drop, trying not to moan too loudly. 
Why do people always do gigs I want to go to when I can't go? Unfair... 
ugh I miss Molly so much. Ill never get over it 
Finds it a bit ironic that Rage Against the Machine is so enjoyable on his way into Work! 
#fuckpeoplethat own a G1 right now lol! Cause mine is buggin 
@crazyshey Homesick! 
@amycowell24  good morning! Bit grey here today... 
Finally home. I hate this phone, and am pissed off at myself for breaking my old fucking iPhone. Piece of shit I am.. 
@deadlyhifi Oh I just found out the Souls are playing Dublin the same week as FNM &amp; Rise Against, that would be the week we're in England 
Support Personal Use of Marijuana by Responsible Adults Act: http://digg.com/d1uGhN?t sry SU link was bad 
Khamenei's words are making me sad. Denial. Innocence. Blame.  I feel so bad, rn, for those who were looking for change. #iranelection
@sundaydl Tragedy! I feel for you. I can't have coffee without milk either 
@makeitsparkle Sadder still, they are no more! 
@s4r4hk1ng foolishly I didn't file Pendulum: Hold Your Colour properly and it took me a few minutes to find it, consider my wrist slapped 
@girlstoys True dat girl. Freezing here in Welly. Feels like -0 outside (and its raining as well) 
Trapped in traffic!! 
@twinklydave pretty much, i dont get what it is about taking bikes on trains, totaly stopped over here now  Saving the envirowhat?
is missing the TestFest. Stuck at work after being sick for two days... 
I dont think Ill be taking my sister to any more parties.... 
@davetwohig I'm ok, thanks, just my pride that's hurt  hehe I was trying to look &quot;cool&quot; when my ex walked in. Lesson well &amp; truly learnt!
@PaulHarriott hey how are you have you heard anything from @socialscope still a big fat Zero here 
@gabbiwithaneye Same here  I'm not allowed
Gutted that mcfly are playing so close to me and I can't go 
Filmed A State Of Grace's set with Bevan tonight. The sound was average  But good to see the boys again.
Phone officially broken  New phone in 7-14 days. Catch me on Twitter in the meantime. Lame. Frustrated. Hitting the gym. 3 in the morning.
Burnt 700 cals at gym in the morning. Compensated by demolishing a medium sized pizza for lunch 
My bank just told me that they believe my credit card has been copied and therefore were forced to shut it down. Timing is so bad! 
Ah well, Guessing game doesn't like me  I'll make it! Lol
Going out to have some fun, unfortunately a friend cancelled therefore I have to drag sisters along and I wanted to watch The Proposal 
i'm so sad the 'The Blow' are no longer 
Dead pissed off...I hate my mam,Ruins everything the dozy bitch!!!&gt;:/  
Anyone need a campervan ticket for #glasto ? Reasonable offers please, no use to me otherwise due to being let down 
Annoyed at the new T4 acts 
Unexpected babysitting is unexpected  
@spam Isn't the Outlook spam filter &quot;Wonderful&quot;! 5-10 viagra offers get through it 2me daily; but watch parts &quot; gold screws&quot; get blocked 
@horse31 AW. Trap Door is awesome. I want to watch it again. 
http://tinyurl.com/nuohby I was just about to buy this, but someone else beat me!  Gutted.
I'm loving my new laptop's screen &amp; keyboard feels great but I'm struggling to connect to my mobs &amp; &quot;Home&quot; &amp; &quot;End&quot; are in the wrong place 
Strong coffee. Heavy rain. Leading men to the jobsite to get shit cleaned up for awhile. I'll be holed up in the job trailer with prints 
@amcunningham Unfortunately not. Stuck in the office  but thanks for your amazing updates!
Problem: I'm not going to see boyo for 3 months 
Chain accident  I wasn't even drivng fast  my new cityyy! 
grrr. I do not wish to be awake. If I'm going to get a ticket to Scorched it has to be today, and I'm gonna be way too tired for that now 
Burned my forehead w/my curling iron yesterday  I'm staring to feel n see it thismorning!  Ouch!  lol   *S. I. S.*
@InocencioJubee slr, shoot i can`t, can`t access the internet using my pc. Shoot, my life sucks. :/ i hate, hate fckng mobile web, lame. 
Stuck on the runway instead of flying to florida. 
@ddaly9 Buzzing for T ? I wont get my ticket til Davids home  coz he got both of ours. Oasis was amazing i thought ! Bout you ?
'Gucci' Scope delivery held up by DHL  Chasing them now....
This week I am going to be &quot;Cinders&quot; and will *not* be attending the NMA Effectiveness Awards where my Green Thing campaign is a finalist 
Next week I am going to be &quot;Cinders&quot; and will *not* be attending the NMA Effectiveness Awards where my Green Thing campaign is a finalist 
@matthew_andrew lmao erm i do loads  im in it up untilll Stronger
Stuck at work, reallly wishing I was down the cinema watching transformers 
Stuck in traffic 
I wish I had more Hot Pockets. 
@nyycarl07 Have to agree about the Yankees last night.  Disappointing 
Left Lville early early...got to work early early...mangoes for breakfast...cant find my security badge  where art thow?
Stuck on front row  http://twitpic.com/7skhk
Boredom to the uber max. 
Stunning Defeat - I (2234) was beaten by sywawer (1668) 
Knotted tummy 
i was once a treehouse, I lived in a cake.... Scared to get a shower at the thought of how bad my scraps are gonna hurt 
have to get ready soon though  Movers are coming to see how much stuff we have so we know how much they have to put on a truck!
@StevenJLowery Circles miss you tooooooooooo 
Awake  and can't to back to sleep
Figures, I finish my Single Speed, then it rains for a week...  
and yes there are times when i hate you but i don't complain. Cause i've been afraid that you would walk away.. 
@devolved Burning tar!?? sounds like you live in a war zone! 
@meglizmiller I didn't end up meeting up with the boy  . Exhausted and startin my ::ahem::  playing vball sat so thought I should rest
http://openvpn.net/ does not feel Free anymore... 
Tired.  Nervous.  Scared of the surgery later.  
@MrsLawcomic Jealousy. 
#inaperfectworld my blog wont exist, Idle Random whatever thoughts   http://bit.ly/MEr5S
Stuck in a postoffice queue, 15 people in front of me, two serving, average serve time of 3 mins. Equals 22.5 minute wait 
Payday is a good day. I immediately wanna put like almost half of it away tho but I have to wait til monday 
There is a girl with a Millionaires shirt  Is this really what kids are into these days? I suppose they like brokenSHIT too.
Left the gym early forgot that I've got to go pick up my art work from gallery stokes 
http://twitpic.com/7spbt - Dead animal on the street. How sad 
@imWRITE Re: imWRITEaddicted to help books  Amazon = reincarnation of the devil! LOL Enter the retarded brain. Sighhh
Hard drive on my computer is on its last legs. 
Contemplating exercise. Baking B-day cakes for my daughter. Fighting 'giving a large party' panic 
My heart is getting ripped out while working on the #zendcon schedule.  Far too many good talks for the slots we have available.  
I'm bored... everyone's at the Sale of the Century while I have to be at work.    I hope the rain holds off for them, though!
@sineadcochrane @sineadkeogh lost phone w/ irish sim card the other wk. Roaming this wkend 
Stunning Defeat - I (2233) was beaten by jweippp (1750) 
#inaperfectworld my phone bill wouldn't reach 32K. *Worried now* What would Mum say? 
Bad day. I think I should just stay away from everyone and everything. Catch a nap till 12, and hope tomorrow's more normal! 
Waiting to take the test. Nervous 
Whole store having upgrade issues 
Bloomberg: Treasuries Little Changed Before Record $104 Billion Note Sales - http://twurl.nl/s6xzvr &lt;Another record sale of debt 
Scared to go downstairs 
Alone at work today. Internship friend was in a bad car accident on wednesday 
Gutted about leighton meesters sex tape! She was my fave actor aswel!  @itskeleighton
Battle is over. The cold won  I feel like I'm swallowing golf balls everytime I do swallow. Please pray for me!
@TheYoungMother Awe, such a shame 
just schlepped a dishwasher up five floors as the Sirius Cybernetics Happy Vertical People Transporter is suddenly out of order. 
My day off! But I gotta work...  Hiring blows!
Ill day  http://tinyurl.com/lokzup
Scared @ the fact her workn out might cause her to not be able to fit into her bridesmaid dress  ahh!
Is ready 2 come home. Overload on tech. 
@Willminey http://twitpic.com/7slt4 - Snap. 
My Converse are sold out now at Journey's 
Ugh. Waiting in line at the dmv 
Todays gonna suck...work at gamestop 11:30am then close at regal until past midnight. Lack of sleep, too. 
Going home, finished with the accountants for one week... need to study for my exam though  Home needs some work done too...
Scared cuz were behind a crazy drunk driver 
Only 5 more days in this awesome city that I haven't explored nearly enough   Hanging w/ @BettyLouSpence in Londontown soon though!!
06/19/2009  8:00:10 Wind Spd: 0 Humidity: 90 Temp: 56.8 Barometer: 29.35 HourRain: 0.00 (via @bellevueweather) Summer in Seattle 
@primaveron yeah yeah! Kill me, I'm turning 25 
I've just realised that the first Old Firm game is when I'm in Magalluf 
one of the fatties on The Biggest Loser final weighs less than I do 
The &quot;Future&quot; radar on weather.com is not looking very promising 
@ChexK Is book 2 good? Tempted to start that today ^^ But Aftershock looks like it's going to go all spacey and ot  What you up to?
One Litre of Tear has ended :'( .. I have nothing to watch every night 
Perfect, its raining again.. 
@BrookRiley Honest to goodness I think it's a gene - I think you're either an early or late person!  U poor girl.That's how I feel at 10P
Home from the denist 
I neeeed to be at No Doubt.  so sad.
Working outside today, but the darn earth keeps orbiting around the sun &amp; messing up my shade!  Glare on the screen may force me inside 
Lack of bike maintenance= bike seizure = 
&quot;1.02 billion people suffer from hunger in the world.&quot; Hard to imagine the lives of these people then we just have to open the fridge... 
Daimn Travel Agent told me transaction would go though till next week; can you say 'Got suckered'.  Broke now 
Just read the book &quot;A Child called it!&quot; very sad  but also inspirational 
I can't believe I just watched the last ep of Prison Break. Sadness 
Stuck in traaaffffic stilllll 
Just got back from work... Exhausted! and got it 7am tomorrow!!!   xxFollowxx
@lady_athos Awe, I'm sorry hun 
Starting the weekend early  Only one more week left at Reel Talk 
My dog hurt his hip and might have to be put down. Swell 
I love the library... even if I still don't have Eclipse to read before Breaking Dawn yet... *sigh* trying to be patient! but it's hard!! 
Paycheck that finally came was 90$ less than expected. The creepy bossman is looking into it. 
@TIFFkrink -- I want cereal but I think the milk is spoiled.  &amp; is that a G-Shock in your display pic!? 'Cause it is nice! I want one bad!
@Sacred_Silence he doesn't know he's my crush *lol* he's 30 - see, I &lt;3 older guys... ;-) 1000s of miles away  but he deserved holiday!
@laulau88 I want Particle Illusion but I dont think it's formatted for my computer.  *cries*
@manhattanspeak  Daycare costs nearly what I make each month, but I carry our health insurance/benefits.    it's a Catch 22.
If only I could keep a friend...   Sleepless nights,hours thinking about how I want it so much..
Downside of working outside....you can't control when your neighbours mow their lawns! And this lawn mower is louddddd! 
just returned from taking my LEED exam.  Scored 165.  Passing is 170.  I failed 
@martydwyer True ... but in the meantime he's all cranky and fussy. 
@michelleLII Loving the Spaceport.  Hating the loss of feed though.  
Dead battery in jeep 
Spoiled lil la girl is no a sad lil la girl  @blowd @fashionismylife.... I'm back!!!!
It's Official: T.R. Knight Leaving Grey's Anatomy http://tinyurl.com/lxdayt oh no 
Awake in the middle of sleep..such a bummer 
Where can I get a copy of Breaking Dawn... Havent seen one in Estonia 
@mrsjberry Orders aren't ready there that early.  I will have to get them tonight.  
Updating Clips4Sale store, my favorite job ever!!!  NOT
Trying to get my dreams, but sometimes is imposible or very hard.          I miss you, my sweet girl.  Begging you to think with me...
@janole Battling to install Gravity Alpha 1.20.5538 on my #N97 not sure what the problem is  can u help?
Unhappy now 
Fractured foot 
Tears  x
Jailbreak only for 3.0 at the moment  how gay!
@kollegemd i need an oil change too! come get The Escape for me... 
Run out of milk 
I really wanna go out but dp is insisting that I finish off this life stuff that keeps getting in the way  Three cheers to......Boredom!!
no Cellar Door tonight  got a major headache. no worries, will reschedule asap
I'm going to bed early today...I need it.  Stressed about vacation days for the cruise 
is Class til 1, Change oil on car, work to 6 til 11 
Locked out of my house 
@CeriQ There's a rare Tornado Watch in my area now for the next couple hrs 
@Vain_Fame  Left me in the cold...
Stuck in traffic because of road work! 
I wanna make a new friend to play ball with. Speed drills, shooting drills, one on ones, but everybody is so ghetto here 
Arg. Storms are going to ruin my awesome 6 mile bike ride. 
Watching Pushing Daisies Season 2 - it's still spectacular. Gutted its cancelled. 
@sfanb DOH! Same as mine! I should be in bed by then  *sigh*
@abvan: Dream-league now just a dream eh?! 
Transformed to V for security reasons 
The Proposal was so good! If only I had more time with my @heatherbrown 
Flight home cancelled. Lamest thing ever. 
Sitting at chick-fil-a bored. Left my headphones at home. 
exams suck exams suck exams suck exams suck exams suck exams suck exams suck!! Entertain me, i have nothing to do but clean and study 
@ChrystallJane Same with me i'm waiting for a meeting with mine. I'm in the same boat as you 
Stuck in my bed don't want to move from here. 
Adopt or foster a dog today!!!! Some only have 24 hrs to live!!!!  I can't have dogs in my apt for I would!!!   Bummer
@connectwise I'm all done. Graduated with my admin certificate. I don't feel like I'm an admin though  Overwhelmed w/ more setup to go
Worried about cocoa bunny and missing johnny. 
Inside the store...another line  http://twitpic.com/7tzej
Stuck in rush hour traffic with very little gas and 20 mins to get to the movie... And the wire in my mouth just snapped. 
@exitshikari Thanks..... Bit squeaky though 
@niannah I just saw about Rafa. Real bummer indeed  Mind you, almost as traumatised by Murray as Heat Torso/Week - moderately hot bod!
I was really scared that @CalebFTSK has shaved his head then. Cause then he wouldn't be my second favourite ginger ever 
We're screwed because Mpls Children's blocks all of those too   They even block my stats feed for my blog - nothing else, just the stats
@ChicagoToysTV Thanks for the follow! I haven't figured out how to do that yet  Catching up!
Low energy 
The coach purse that I would have killed someone for isn't here anymore! Complete downer. 
Change in plans. Headed out to the farm for the reception instead of working at tapas  oh well!
wish I had tix to The Fray tonight in Nj, would of made my miserable day much better 
 I don't feel good again! Wth?
Track is canceled.    I wish it would stop raining!!
Pissed off about blokes...idiots. Excited about the weekend even if I do have to be at work at 9 tomorrow 
I want to switch characters but I'll lose the neat Forochel Fog bug. what to do. 
Oh man i think im gettin scared  all this stuff {tornado watch &amp;&amp; warning} (severe thunderstorm watch &amp;&amp; warning) we gonna die! Ah! Run!
Left target. On my way back to grandmas house. I have a freaking headache 
Stuck in traffic on a perfect weather day! 
@juliettemaxwell Same  lol But my day is actually looking up. Cause i can hear the concert from my house (: and its good
I fell asleep at work because it's so dead. I've been here since 9 and don't leave til 8. Save me! 
@AmiLouisee Dreams.. 
iPhone 3G S is the best! Selling them? Not so much. 
Family and friend r gonna check out scooters 2day. I don't really wanna go but I kinda do. Hard life. 
(sigh) no #nadal at #wimbledon  Crushed.  Crushed I tell you!!! #tennis
Stuck in traffic heading 2 baseball game 
Sneaky Sound System at Celebrities tonight?!!! I had no idea they were in town... and of course the show is Sold Out. 
HEY DUUUUDES, watching Anger Management, isnt as good as i thought it would be 
Just finished my pretty shawl for the wedding reception starting in 20 minutes.  Bound off edge too tight so wearing it upside down.  
Just had my morning dump after four cups of coffe and on my way to work out. Stuck in traffic on the 405 
@savethescc I don't think I can make it.   Evil Sleep Deprivation Chamber was setup @ my house.  Must destroy the Chamber and obtain rest.
@LonoSG Same again mate, Says code not correct / no longer valid 
Gutted that I can't go to #HHL09... 
Roadtrip with the boys tomorrow, then photoshoot on sunday.....dreams of brainfeeder 
Just left that apartment. I really like it, but the price is a bit too high. Negotiating makes me feel kinda like a sleezeball. 
@Adam1021 Same problem man. I was really lookin forward to seein The Waking Eyes, but I cant say no to AOF  
@Jtay1995 Homesick! 
@pandora_radio getting a lot of unwanted music in one station, wondering why the Beetles are related to M.I.A. - Paper Planes, annoying 
Left my king sizekit kat @ the bf's, shitty deal 
@AnoopDoggDesai Awe, aren't you having fun rehearsing? 
Kicked some major lab butt today. Tag team RNA extractions, whoo! Going home, finding something fun to do tonight. Too bad its raining 
@ginajellybean - Ups don't shut. Doors do... I can't remember the rest of it. I'm old. 
Why are loads of prostetutes following me I've tryed to block them all it's just scary! Hide  :-|
Whole house has entered a state of chill : http://bit.ly/URH4G  partly to Bent, but mainly cos the heating's broken 
@AnoopDoggDesai @AnoopDoggDesai Awe, aren't you having fun hanging out with the other idols? 
Bedroom moved........off to catch some zzzz's before work tomoz  oh and no broken nails  nite all
@GrafittiMySoul Aww  must be bad if Una can't help! Ignore him! He's not worth it!
Worried about snoopy. I hope he's alright. I hate leaving him alone...&amp; I'm going to be gone all night 
Irritated, no one's been trying to even help!  ... So yea, I quit.. new plans..
@Phenomenal1_rap they don't love u or ME 
Daren't move! I just saw a huge spider in my room  gonna ring the mum
Apparently I'm tired. Home alone tonight. Spooooky 
Gutted about cairon goin out 
Beautiful beautiful beach  wah http://yfrog.com/0vcsjj
Just printed her boarding pass  I won't be feelin the hours after 7:30. Huge pouty lip. I'm such a drama queen.
Stuck at work. One more hour to go. 
Disaster just struck, I just failed 2 assassinations and 4 tasks in a row in #spymaster  
Worried that I didn't get that job 
@72prufrocks I've got my train tickets and will be there at 10.30ish if all goes well. Left my badge at work 
going to The Proposal is still not looking good 
Gloomy &amp; meloncoly 4 vincent &amp; etc.. 
@heykim I know! Empty office too no replacement 
Just took an energy shot and now I'm jammin in my car driving to houston. Alone 
@ladylovewell poor girl  Ill help u look for a place. I gotta find a place around then too
@ShySoSweet not if this job Tishura got for me comes thru...Hopefully it does. Cause I dont wanna go. 
Full of bad ideas.  sigh
Frustrated that new iPhone is bigger than the old one. Old accessaries became useless 
Stuck in traffic 
Wouldn't mind dps'ing in raids for a change. Trouble is I can't seem to get past 2.2k dps as a spriest 
Extreme mountain biking is cancelled due to bad weather  back to sleep I go!
Right, off to bed!... Busiest day of the week at work tomor.... oops!... make that today!... Grrrrrrrrrrr! Insomnia is my nae my friend! 
Right, im off to bed!... Busiest day of the week at work tomor.... oops!... make that today!... Grrrrrrrrrrr! Insomnia is nae my friend! 
Now twitterfon is playing up! Randomly shuts down  A few app's have been doing this since the update 
Free shit 
 iPhone 3Gs didn't come in. &gt;.&lt; darn AT&amp;T. Cause my dad ordered it via them not via apple. I hope it comes in tomorrow, wanted it today!
Burned my Freaking hand w chicken broth. Sadness. 
Piece me back together when i fall apart 
Caught nothing fishinggg 
Random lost asian lady wandering the streets in a fancy purple skirt and sparkly shirt with yellow socks, no shoes? Haha aw how sad 
My head does Boom! 
Annoyed.  fun day thus far.
Stuck in 217 traffic 
Killer headache. 
Stunning Defeat - I (2216) was beaten by steinfield (1967) 
The problem with being away from home 4 weeks &amp; returning: The Sub Zero has Sub Zero Food in it.    Bad Planing I #fail
So. . . Worried about bear 
@kitnkittykat Cause you're moving I hope 
Bloody grace dont know how to reply messages wan... You suck... 
@PriscillaF sounds like your having a rough day..  Cheer up buttercup!
@jellybonesss ohmmygosh D: i must be getting close too   damn youtube . i didn't know there was a Limit to favorites D:
Scary music. Practicing piano....now. 
Going back home from the gym.. Depressed cause im fat and my bidy doesnt change and that makes me weak to do something... 
Could my day be any worse? Crying at work, sitting in the back, not making any sales 
Just lost two days' worth of programming that I don't really know how to do, but it was working. The file literally went poof! Gone. 
Awake til 7 am  no no no not again
@leowalters Why would you ever want that? Floating sucks like whoa 
Tragedy. Huggo's doesn't serve pork any more. At all! That means no more tostadas 
So glad he skipped studying for finals to go see Nine Inch Nails' last two tours!!!  sigh..bittersweet end at that last concert 
The cable and internet are out in my building. Joyous. 
Choppy internet tv gives me a headache 
Stuck in traffic once again 
@Laurabeth85 sorry buddy. Shooting a wedding.  happy bday!
Arrrrgh! Wind blew painting onto laptop. Now my damn B's &amp; V's &amp; C's barely work. Whole tops of keys are just laying there unconnected. 
needs desp. help in debugging a website in Action Script 3 
Stuck in my basement and its blistering cold. Parents and friends are parading and laughing like hyenas so I can't sleep either. Save me! 
We are the minorities now. Excuse me, we've BEEN the minorities. 
Hiccups hurt 
iTunes Genius really helps me find new music...now if it would only shuffle satisfactorily... i need a new ipod soooo bad 
Score: dandelions 0 lower back -300    
http://twitpic.com/7v3z5 - Inspired by Dulcecandy I groomed my brows w a razor. They'll always B uneven 
So I made a great pizza to take home from work, put it in the oven, cut it, boxed it.. Locked it in the store 
@TheeUnderclass oh, he's on twitter, that's wassup! I don't think I've heard Torn Down 
Rite am gona stop pimpin now me thinks!!! 
@epiphanygirl A gift they kno that u won't like but they'll LOVE! Free gift 4 them 
Hates the Hollywood bowl. Stuck in major traffic 
All of my siblings are watching Home Alone at home while I'm in school... hoping our CWTS teacher will dismiss us right away. 
Awake n my dry throat is killing me 
Framed some pics, cleaning the lab, makerbotn, auto gening exploit code and psytrance another very good night but out of redbull 
One of our two black cats (Void) is sneezing blood and her pupils seem dialated.  Taking to vet tomorrow.  Worried, and fear the AMEX  #fb
Just watched Die Hard 2.. Knee hurts  Going to bed!! I love her so much!
@robertbarron1 i'm 23 5ft 11. Size 8 and they like upto 19yrs stretch 21max 
Sodding muscular agony waking me up when I'm this tired! Smell of Deep Heat making me feel ill and I'm too hot! Help 
ahhh I got Waiting for Activation message 
Chain reaction, so lame!! I'm gonna kill myself and this music is perfect for that. Talk about slitting your wrists 
Date night sucked. 
Soaked to the bone and sitting in my car 
Wake Nation all day. Extremely tired and sunburnt 
Erg. Worrying about my cousin 
Routine went well, but wish I didn't have tleave so early... 
Awe shoot, Maniers get a doulble steal and leave the runners stranded 
Exhausted...terrible week 
Date night went by too fast  gotta be up at 4 am to drive J to the airport  gonna miss my babe the next several days 
Awake way too early 
Oceana is dead  So what if we like Attack Attack!, you should still do your music!
I just want to talk to someone who can cheer me up because I feel like I'm dying &amp; Loneliness is lame 
@rcaplice @mousewords I tried to make my pic green but I got a 403 Forbidden error every time I tried.  I am plant-like -close enough!
Done with ICT homework! \/ I still have to buy my requirements 
Finished 2nd sock today.... Single was lonely for 4 whole months....sad single sock 
That was fun! Real thing tomorrow.... 
@fakerpattz My humor sucks. Cause that wasn't funny. You could have get hurt 
Stuck at work on a friday night  so pumped for day trip to toronto tomorow tho! Going shopping and then to a play with connors fam
Stuck @sprinklesaddict ...cause the door won't lock 
Broken ipod  fail!!
Worried about what to do with my laptop screen 
@Mistic_Morgue   so sad...I am sure you miss her...
Stuck in traffic. I moves 6 inches since the concert ended  I hate this!!!
oooooh. sooper seekrit drama at werk.  At last, I'm in the loop...but it's not what you think.  Tension headache refuses to die 
At homeeee, wiff ambo. Chilling in the dark I guess. No power YAY! 
Slip burned down. No more dope skate setups. 
oooo cant wait to watch The Proposal.  cant belive i missed it today becuz i was sick and exams 
Alone again. This sucks 
thing i like least about being in ann arbor? Faulty power ... sitting in the dark, twittering by generator-power 
@d_phrase Shortest concert ever?  
I need to sit down again and recalculate expenses. Living at home is getting far too annoying and makes it hard sometimes to see @Rig 
@joeexclusive Ahh, but alas we are print on demand. Gift bag sponsorship would leave us bankrupt 
I love that he &quot;closed&quot; with &quot;Fake Palindromes&quot;, one of my favs &amp; then did a second encore! But no &quot;Heretics&quot; or &quot;Nervous Tick Motion...&quot; 
@2088teew u knw thts a good idea! I'm just scared of rejection u knw !  http://myloc.me/4Ad0
Expect the Unexpected - Change of Plans 
O-M-G!  Packing is so ridiculously boring I can barely stay awake but I have to be responsible &amp; manage my time better   Kill me now.
Cheap tequila makes my beer taste like soap.  don't ask my why I know what soap tastes like.
Not a good start to the morning. Left house WITHOUT the Flask of News (TM). Managed to grap a paper cup at work but it's Not The Same 
Irritated that my two main digital personas are taken.  
Since this is the longest baseball game ever and it's starting to bore me, I'm going to watch The Ruins instead. I'm scared. 
Pang wants my drawings to be torn out of my moleskine for the exhibition  contemplating. Contemplating. Contemplating.
v9.0 is pushed. Just logged in to test it; already have my first set of bugs to have discretely fixed.   Why is it always &quot; &lt; Perfect&quot;?
Tweaked my back, really sore right now 
@hiddeninthesand True. But... new... @tallyhall album... feels... so... far... away... 
#python fuse experiments...the only fused thing was my brain.   &quot;cannot access /mnt/other: Invalid argument&quot; #fail
Stupidly disappointed in the Dead Space movie (based on the game.)  It wasn't a solid tie in and they missed opportunities galore. 
SimonTheSnowman It's okay. Cry it out if you want. 
Just finished watching Year One... Utterly disappointed 
Bought Gloom at Games of Berkeley and it's missing a character card.  
@bitchinmona ya, I flew Spirit once several years ago and there was a seat missing a cushion!?!?!?  Talk about old planes repainted 
At the mall. Smallest size at express is still to big on me. 
Travel Update: Bad Thunderstorms SWA #379 LAS-STL Turbulance ahead and cabin has to be shut down 45 min prior to our arrival. 
Strange weather! 
Overtime tonight.. yayyy 
Stuck at work 
Home alone again 
In hell!  Save me!
Bass Pedal Broke On Drums 
Waiting for content on the ps3 to download. Slow as hell. 
&quot;Shaking your ass: you're doing it wrong!&quot; -@dimhalo Fail. 
Watching juno (again) should be sleeping...sadly early day tomorrow  Showing the apt!
My Feelings Are Hurt  Ouch..!
Connected to a network  completed connecting to internet  fails!!
Watching Atonement. Tempted to cut it off so I don't have to watch the end 
Fight club &lt;333 Last dayy at the beach houseee.  Lammeeee
@haleyjaycha thats good to hear bestie! Reality always bites aye 
@rob_grey oh thanks man! glad you dig....Rage is so good ay? missing it over here right now 
Never thought I'd say this but I wish itd rain! Tired of 95 deg breezless sticky days already.  I hate summer in the south! 
&quot;Home is where the heart is&quot; has never made more sense than right now   ..This is ridiculosly hard to be so far from Home xx
Made fried english breakfast for Master and myself, burnt it  Master says he will fuck my ass soon, thank god!! It needs its share of cum!
@andrenavarro @oldhat The hours were terrible. Mind you, the pension scheme is hardly worth it either 
@devteamchat omg that tiny wart. Guys stop working on ipt from next time on!! Cheap idiots can't believe the lang they use 
Awake-- but sleepy. This is torture! 
Hiccups 
@yliesan a blue saturday huh? Same here 
@gulf_news Worrying  is there any truth about that email regarding a McDonald's staff who's infected and caused the closure of the branch?
@lostgod I am sooo not jealous!!!! I'm at neomeze having a good time... Fine I'm jealous    I love u guys!
Dead bird  http://yfrog.com/0zyg7j
N'aime personne de Secret Story. IN want a new Cyril 
@FormulaG2 Listening to music &amp; waiting on my daddy to bring me my freakin sprite!  You?
Just got a flat tire. Waiting for AAA. 
Speechless...hopeless...don't know what to do...give up! hhhhh... 
I shouldve drank more  ... Ill make up for it tomorrow nite ;)
In the queue for mcfly.Theres about 40ppl in frnt.Wide stage tho.No1 talking 2 me 
Evs, im still awesum. Lol so yeah, i was happy cuz i got my baby boy aftr all! But hes on antibiotics right now.... 
Looking at: &quot;The Price of Piracy&quot; sad  ( http://bit.ly/3wq62Z )
I'm hungry! And there's No food Left for me?! 
Afraid my kitten is going to turn out like kero 
Spoke too quickly 
Scared the only Heartbeat ill hear beating is my own. im scared of being alone. 
i think i got food poisoning...  i've been puking for a good hour now  *Shattered*
@PMS_Deception btw yes i did have fun but i missed you  hands sore from rock climbing after 6 hrs but other than that was fun
Easy night at work. No chihuahua tho.  break soon.
The wife had to get very angry with a 3 network operator before getting fobbed off. Hard sales for leaving customers.  Not good.
Just now called the #evam for tickets of todays play, they say &quot;Completely soldout&quot;.. 
Awake... why? 
@Twenty10 Stuck at work til 0230  I'll celebrate quietly with some pasta
Yay! redsn0w is here to deliver jailbreaking for non-Macs! Slow torrent though 
@GeemaPee I'm ok. Tired too though  what are u doing today?
Balls.... No Nads in the offering    Save it for next year...
Ahhh, my bladder's full ! Scared to go pee, its so dark in my house 
@alexandrabubble I know!  Same here... I have that one repeat right now. ^-^
@spongeproject awh.  we should still talk though. Average is good!
Just came from the club.... Depressed...missing my ex 
Stunning Defeat - I (2235) was beaten by StellaFour (1813) 
@fir3cracker : Waiting list, bu... 
Scrap last post, sun is not shining anymore in fact it looks quite bleak 
@MariaLKanellis do you don't reply so much Fans As before Cause the haters?? 
It's going to start raining ... Heavily  I wanted to go out today ...
@beatuee-_deyor Caught da itis and had a killer headache..dat im still feelin da remnants of 
Left my iphone usb at work. Phones about to run out or battery again  Trip to work it is then
Stuck at thiz fun party gon gay 
open up more when its just you interviewing them. clebs give their opinions on BBBM, not main show. Change it back please! 
fook that was the biggest thunder clap ever, and it came out of no where  Change of undies me thinks lol
Exhausted and i can't sleep 
Khamenei's words are making me sad. Denial. Innocence. Blame.  I feel so bad, rn, for those who were looking for change. #iranelection
http://twitpic.com/7w0rb - Daily Mugshot #4 - Keeping mommy warm. I miss her...  
Left maitai, went to bonsai but had to leave  at krazys now... Wow, just met a long lost friend.
http://twitpic.com/7w0rb - Daily Mugshot #4 - Keeping mommy warm. I miss her... 
Donated my dive slate to the Fishes and Ghosts of the exHMAS Brisbane Wreck.. 
Operation failed  booooooooo
Listing to music, kinda bored. And cold. :S . Home all day prob'ss. 
Ah the morning after the night before! Recharged show was a buzz. Now I have to do very un-rock 'n' roll normal type things 
Awake early to do some last minute studying for this mid-term. 
Approx. 30 min. Of sleep just isn't enough time to deal with people in the deli. Is it 2:30 yet? 
Signed back up to WoW after a short break, with a newfound sense of purpose: Rep Grinding 
The Second Chance is always the best. But no one will accept the second asking because of other peoples reactions. 
Stunning Defeat - I (2248) was beaten by StellaFour (1803) 
http://twitpic.com/7w4kd - I write that Description about me this time last week, Awww, I'm sad now 
Thick clouds &amp; dust storm = loads of dust sans (a single drop of) rain 
Wondering which Dashboard Confessional songs to buy. They all sound amazing 
I have an ache of the headness sort  Not enough sleep &amp; too bright outside after my nightshift. Reason to be grumpy 
is stressed out... Waiting to see how many deaths we will burry today 
The farm- day 2. High of 86 today.  thats to hot
Soaked to the skin! Caps off a fine ol morning really!! 
Awww dam wish Jason's Break the Silence was number 1  best song on the chart!!!!
At work.. Feet r actually Killinnnggggg me!! 
Awake early. Browsing through http://cnn.cn for blackberry parts (dropped mine the other day and damaged it). They don't have what I need 
I'm Stuck at work 
@cmilesbaker I know exactly what you mean, I'm a chemist too. Hard to chat about science outside of uni  wish I could paint or draw too.
Low battery   http://yfrog.com/0t434bj
All Blacks Won! Yayyayaaaaaa wooooooooooooo! GaaaAAaaaaaa woohoooo i hAd too much coffee today and i cant sleeepppp! 
My finger is still seriously swollen  stupid thing that attacked me in my sleep! .. Beware, I'm gonna get your ass .. v_v
@iSchoolBulletin Tired of reading. 
at work. going to work on Nation Fire Reports back from 2008 
@goffik Totally missing it  Cry!
Listening to Simple Plan, trying to write a new song its not going so well. I have writters block 
Awake, doing some code. Finishing a schedule. Neck hurts 
Revising for Important exams 
The car is 600 Dollars broken  prob not gonna make it home for fathers day 
Eldest son's face has swelled up alarmingly.  Waiting for appointment with out of hours doctor 
@spinningerin  my fave hand cream is Lush Helping Hands. Light fragrance and comes in two sizes, tub and handbag size pump.
Stuck in a very loud server room on my own  glad it's raining
Mth review for fur hours.. 
I am waking up, but I can't really move yet!!!!! Pinched a nerve last night in my neck, and it hurts!!! 
@musclenerd @iphone-dev it seems you encounter the same problem then me  Intense Debate is down (502 Bad Gateway) Slow down our Website
@musclenerd @iphone_dev it seems you encounter the same problem then me  Intense Debate is down (502 Bad Gateway) Slow down our Website
@Dovescorner Difficult decision; regime ruthless &amp; won't back down, said no to demos &amp; new vote - can only see arrests &amp; blood 
[at]musclenerd @iphone-dev it seems you encounter the same problem then me  Intense Debate is down (502 Bad Ga.. http://bit.ly/kmr1Q
[at]musclenerd @iphone_dev it seems you encounter the same problem then me  Intense Debate is down (502 Bad Ga.. http://bit.ly/9gTvX
@NursingDrPepper Stranger Danger!! hope you're well missy! missed you at kevs 
Tragedy. Utter tragedy. 1.5 arms teddy is now 1 arm teddy  In respectful mourning for Maxzilla's latest victim. He'll never clap again!
Stuck in traffic -__-' typical jakarta 
@mmehta5 Even Harsh left now  There seem to be less and less reasons every day for me to stick around here
Awake at 8 something and can't go back to sleep 
@southernskirts I know - same here. I don't even want to go outside, it's so hot and humid. High of 97. 
Sale cancelled.  -I now have a plethora of baby things. We're heading to urgent care: Aves' ankle is huge and looks sprained.
 Covered in bug bites, man this blows.....  
Now watching 27dresses. Home alone 
is playing Farm Frenzy at 320am... this game is suppose to be fun  friggin grizzly bears and pandas come running out at the chickens!
@AshTR Cause that unfortunately is the way of the universe.  
Honest mistake... already.  It's going to be a long day. 
@kellypxox Same, I've got a cold and still have headaches  so chill day too, but i hafta do jobs(bleh)!
@AnirudhArya ven Harsh left now  There seem to be less and less reasons every day for me to stick around here
Hiccups. 
BREAKING NEWS: Two Blast Near Imam Khomani shrine. One Killed.  Enemy of the State Hit It.#iranelection #tehran #iran0 #mousavi
Gone twitter dark, We are in the Mountains and Internet is not so reliable.  See you in a couple of days.
Spoke too soon  19-7 grrrrrrrr
Spilled sprite on my bag. How emotional. 
Still sufferin  knockin out a bit of Agnostic Front b4 i head to do the dreaded saturday shoppin
@ohsojelly huh!  that means she done plastic surgery before to look Eurasian luh. Like dawnyang. Fake! But still very pretty. Haha
   #Battleground
Stunning Defeat - I (2257) was beaten by rigao (1831) 
watched Push ....  ... bad movie ... to sum it up. Concept taken from  X-men , but not the quality 
Home at last-Last travel week for awhile completed!  Crashed and burned on food and exercise last week   Fresh start today!
Cheer up girls.. 
Continued -- Chronic pain is an invisible disease. Yes, we look okay on the outside but inside we're dieing. Inside a struggle &amp; fight. 
@DymeDiva23 Slave n @ work....was up n ready now get n tired n hungry   enjoy.
Excited for Secret Life of the American Teenager on Mon. too bad im not gonna be here 
I love that my kid gets to ride on the Fire Fighter float in the parade today...but I couldn't get pics of her Firetruck tour 
Wants to go out and hang out!   Home is just too &quot;home&quot;.
I canceled the Self-Control workshop for today, rain 
@cynicalcylon Respecting the choice, but still 
Going to the hospital for my blood work. So proud of my hubby! Hating that the boat is back, which means less time with my hubby. Sucks! 
Funeral today.  and I'm so tired.. :/
Bloody rain! i got work soon to 
@buerkieb And I am on my way to a Funeral and I think I am Scared of Death!!! 
Gahh its raining  &lt;Fob is my life&lt;3&gt;
@jessyel OUCH! Finally caved last year &amp; switched 2 digital. Tough break about lost rolls 
@markw29 agree. Reset it and it's telling me the same again 
Finally! Jailbreak...after I backup my music 
Server move broken website  Re-uploading loads of photos.... not a fun packed saturday!
It's Raining here in Macedonia. 
@oh_deanna Holy crap!!!    Sending good health vibes in your family's direction.
@djleft aint shit Left! I'm looking for a new spot but can't find anything 
Wanted to got to the Strawberry festival today but its raining 
@jfer32075 @Running_Free_ i wish we were going to nashville 
Beautiful day and im stuck in the gym....why work out if i cant show off this body. 
Right back to work! I will see you on the other side of what will probably be a bloody manic hour! Save me 
Stuck in traffic on I65 
ugh, I want to go to Home Goods and buy home decor stuff! but no money 
Win. I really liked them. Now to go pack. Gross. 
Soon i might not be able to tweet for a long time..might get the internet connection off!!! LOL!!! Unfair but will happen mostly...  
Beautiful day to go beach bound and am here work bound 
@Midnightmovie73 Flood watch in effect 
went to dick's and payless cause they had Now Hiring signs but they told me to just apply online  that never works
I purse dialed a whole bunch of people in my phone last night on my way home at 3am... Including my mom... Phone lock fail  sorry everyone
@mhairithefreak Tears! 
Awake with the biggest migrane known to man kind 
Its pouring  &lt;Fob is my life&lt;3&gt;
away to look out and iron all my holiday clothes, hate ironing  Save me
@aliyoopah I miss 7B. Period. 
Home with a sick girl today.  Temp of 101.    Husband working.  
Skydiving Accident ! Caught on Tape!! http://su.pr/1duJIb (via @the_gman) ... bummer! vid not available on mobile! 
Stuck again on Twinsen's Odyssey 
The Lions nearly Roared! 
I want more money to get the True blood dvd. 
Rite now playing call of duty waw  bored
Just watched the first two episodes of Royal Pains... made me miss my home/ mom in the Hamptons  Getting ready for work!
A week passed away very quickly. Alone again with family gone back  
Stuck in the f'in room cause the safe broke.  my LV is in there!
@GarageGlamorous Same here 1 day off then another10 straight, already did 10 before this day off 
The rain is here.  Weak. Posted about Dough Rollers. About to do &quot;work.&quot;
Shattered after a day of walking 
Heavy rain + beach travel traffic = stress. Folks still insist on passing at 70mph. 
@BrittaBrigitte Story of my life too! It stinks... 
Stuck inside on this one nice day. 
Perfect day to be lazy + I hafta work    ugh I need a new job
@KCarson85 damn. Mean!!! I don't even guzzle customers! 
Change of plans sorry E 
@Absalonius Double 
I can't buy anything, though. Saving up for lunch. 
@foominoo  Sadly, for BA, Its all a bit Ansett   Out of touch with reality and can't real it in.  ompletely forgotten the customer.
@WeeFirecrackah I thought it was good and well put together. Cheered me up as I had a bit of drama with my car yesterday it broke down 
Annoyed. Plan for impromptu massage this afternoon sullied by lack of availability for my fav guy 
 she's gonna be on like 10 and Pregnant.
@DemiDelia Same thing, i get a message saying that that video can't play in my region due to copyrights 
@natneagle Same here... I'm big on face products because I have eye issues.  So some products and shadows really affect my eyes.  
waking up with my coffee....stayed up till 5am on the computer!! Tired 
Spoke too soon...took someone to the doctor, and have to go back again soon. 
Awah Spirited Away is such a movie. Don't you hate it when movies end suddenly with no real ending. 
Told Voice Control on my 3GS to &quot;Clean the house&quot; and it responded with &quot;Calling Ian Marsh&quot; 
State inspection time... Amazing the number of ways the state finds to suck money from my pocket 
@jenniferosekemp no I'm heading to the hospital to be with my fam.  def before the summer is over. Promise.
Just got to Assos, didn't completely lose my mind on the trip over. Wanted to hit the water but there are too many waves 
@jackgraycnn Haha, aw. Checked Accuweather lately? We'll be building an ark by the end of the week, I'm afraid. 
Heartbreak: Z32 slides, hits curbing, goes lateral, beeps a squeal before jumping a berm in reverse as the front bumper's ripped. &quot;Meeep&quot; 
Whole foods said no. 
I just got stung by a ray in the gulf and my foot is killing me. OUCH! Guessing no running for a few days 
Khamenei's words are making me sad. Denial. Innocence. Blame.  I feel so bad, rn, for those who were looking for change. #iranelection
I'm watching Extreme Makeover: Home Edition for the first time in about a year. I forgot how much it makes me want to cry. 
Mooornan tweeties. Spending some quality time with the cousins before they all go to the motherland 
Dreamed that I bought the cutest slippers ever and woke up. I want them 
@_Garbage_ - Watched A&amp;D in theatres, for 120 INR 
im a bit annoyed. Waiting before the WPA test starts. I hope i don't come to rehearsal too late 
Story of my week-car accident wednesday, Car totalled, 1000 deductible, find out that my license is suspended for 3 months yesterday . 
Serving crazy ppl is not my expertise... Patience running low. 
Pre-Recording the #SSRadio radio show for tuesday. I'll be away next week so can't do it live 
Stuck n traffic, only 355 miles 
Watching Wild Child *again* I fricking love it... 1h50mins til another 12 hours of work 
Missed ballet class for an entire week now...  Longing to go back!
Tons of Steam specials this weekend. Empire: Total War for 50% off - that's criminal to refuse. Provided you have cheap bandwidth 
Stuck in bumper to bumper on I-95 north.... I hate when you leave 2 hours early and still end up late! 
@Sacred_Silence @211me to germany as well... 
Going to work soon instead of seeing @christoferdrew's show in Amish Land 
Raid cancelled due to lack of people 
I is exhausted.  poop. Shoot didn't follow through but tomorrows hopefully will happen.
Youtube coming Soon!!! &quot;Memoirs of a Silent Voice.&quot; A video journal of my struggles of the past 
@MollieOfficial My Friend is about to meet you I couldn't go with her  xo
@oxNANCiiBBYxo next time we will hangout more!! Cause we didnt get much time  haha but atleast we got to meet!
@ms_I Haha. Avoiding the ex good stuff lol. I am tired and about to go into work 
Left in north hollywood   http://myloc.me/4GyA
Theme parks are not for fat people 
Stuck at home while everyone else is going to the drop dead gorgous show at the brewery.     
 Alone in my room...again.. I'm bored.. 
Driving the youngest to a movie, then it's off to work I go.  High ho High ho.  
I want to train Summoning so badly. 
At the local shoe repair. Cause a sandal of mine broke. 
@BrookeJasmyn  I want some eggs! Dodging raindrops to get chicken mcnuggets
starting to feel better. my computer is broken, tho  also been watching VH1's the Drug Years. the 60's were the best.
Stuck in traffic.. And the worst part is I don't have a book 
@IUFAN8050 yea right!  Put my M in Law &amp;her entire family in w/all that!  http://myloc.me/4GLI
Rally thong in effect, didn't work though  http://yfrog.com/0z26288170j
@mizlaurene I've been good how about you? Cause the people I was suppose to didn't wanna go anymore.  I heard it was fun too.
Slow day at work. wishing i could have gone to councel crest 
I feared waking up to this.  Wow. #iranelection Innocent bystander killed. http://bit.ly/BguyU #iranelection
Computers broken still   also still need sum1 2 go 2 the blink show with me. Free ticket! Txt? 209 735 1135
Avoidance is sometimes a great thing. Crushed heart ouch. 
sick  real sick. Talking to Kieven and watching a movie.
http://twitpic.com/7xf7f - Aww man she beat me at poker again with a Royal Flush! 
oh you know, bathing tandy, trying to study, oh and killing evil mutant flies. Death toll today = 15 so far; fogger didn't do jack. EEW 
Storms popping along I-70, mainly west of STL. Main Threat: Heavy rain.  I need to mow 
Out on the boat .. Beautiful day! To bad we have to head in so I can get ready for work 
@holyjuan Too bad they didn't put that next to the &quot;Hours of Operation&quot; 
Dreary and damp 
Record night at the workplace last night, crazy!  Trying out google chrome, scince my firefox is not liking my old broken down computer 
@petewentz  Epic Fail :,-(
Exhausted... another long day tomorrow 
@Dream_Away oh no  seems to be going around. I found some tylenol for pain so trying that, be nice to yawn w/o pain
Strike that...can't do pics on my phone. 
Killer queen is on in taco bell and it makes me think of sarah. Just like so many other things do. I miss her 
Gutted about not being able to see my baby's at party in the park 
is soooooooooooo bored!  Home taking care of sick child 
This sounds suspiciously like Year of a Million Dreams to me. Hyatt is a copycat    http://tinyurl.com/kkqffq
@BrittnaayB aw  im sry. nickelback?! Kill it with fire!
Gone green, but I don't really have anything useful to say on the topic  #iranelection
watching tv now. nothing on..   Boring.
Cracked tooth. I hope work let's me go home early. I left my asprin at home 
Home by myselfff..  how gaaaay...
Shoot me 
@acsweeney they didn't show it for me either. i was so disappointed!  i thought it was confirmed that it would show before Proposal 
is sat in front of the laptop... Exciting 
@Dream_Away Aww, so sad  Its so traumatic to lose a grandparent that you're so close to
@SuzeMuse I'm having &quot;food&quot; that you cook in the microwave. Enough said 
 im leaving nyc  i dont wanna go  &lt;Fob is my life&lt;3&gt;
Brain-ache. Decision thoughts have kicked back in 
is kinda disgusted with the amount of asians here. Save me. 
@sarahjpin  and (whisper) it's cheap....once you get there.  Free breakfast, great food in town, private beach. One day it'll all be over 
@Chaos33176 its not workin good for me I don't know y its not updating 
Gutted im stuck in 
I got my bottom wisdom teeth out last summer, and now my top ones are coming in! Massive headache 
Defeat - I (2265) was beaten by mrwanderlust (1676) 
Stuck @ working with @MisterAO... And it raining so its gonna be mad busy 
@lovetehlie @faytmanson we could all drink together, but my I.D. Disappeared somewhere during pride and I haven't seen it since 
- http://bit.ly/Rhirw - Heartfelt and touching. It made me teary eyed 
Shattered. Gommora was good yet far to heavy at the mo, fought to stay awake - hangover still lingering 
 I keep hitting my toes on stuff. Awkward and painful!
@ladyleo819 not better yet. Full blown right now 
Wow. Stereotypes just switched for a split second. I almost ran over an Asian lady. I thought it was supposed to be the other way around. 
Rest in peace G 
@Billerina Same here im in texas lol but its like 4+ hrs away from the beach 
Is having a bad day  Tired of studying...mentally and physically drained. Tired of bulls**t.
Unexpected lunch with @martinjwells was lovely. Another au revoir. 
Bought local Upslope IPA 6-pack yesterday. Just bitter, not hoppy   Prefer Southern Sun's FYIPA.
Stuck in the rain 
@designerscouch why i cant click on the &quot;Chance to win a macbook pro&quot; ad? its not linking! 
@Honest_bAbe I didn't get Chinese  I had a sandwich instead
@drspectrum Close friend lost her baby.  
@brandonlovelace i am SO said i missed you guys at Six Flags. 
Stuck in mad traffic on the gsp..already late  bout to go to a very bourgie ( booshii? Boojee!?) Aka ritzy stuck up pArty right now
Home now  gerr
at @emazing23 birthday partyy, and missing @kaceekillah already. Being without a best friend is so sad  Partying will make it better!!
I just heard the dumbest thing ever you're a jerk WTH so this si what music is coming to...... Tears 
Home alone  dishes 
Perfect day to stay in bed and watch movies so ugly in the city 
boo, i guess i won't be watching the third episode of Royal Pains for two weeks... 
don't forget http://bit.ly/HAR5W 150 Seat Guarantee. $12K Packages incl $2k spending money. THIS SUNDAY!! Sats on now - will be on plane 
Full of very tasty chow main.  But forgot to eat the fishdisks    They will make good munching for the rest of the night though.
Exhausted and sunburned for the third weekend in a row. 
Today is not my day, phone is dead and someone just broke two of my lovely picture frames  Bleak! maybe tonight will be be better, ughhh
It has been a long and sad week   I need patience and guidance daily. Home for a little while and then back out on the go again
pissed off mang &gt;=( how kud i lose my mp3 player! Tear tear tear..  why me dat was my fav thing in da world! So upset..
In a horrible mood and looking forward to getting away a while. Misery 
Re-compiling the names on my contact list is on-going. It's gonna take even longer to get everyone's emails and phone #'s. 
http://twitpic.com/7y5v6 - Dead baby bat  #sad
At drum beauty. Stuck in the cheap seats. 
Ill pay someone mucho dinero if they can help me find my voice..I lost it and I need it for work tonight . 
Anyone know where I can get apps for my Instinct Phone???  Frustrating that I can't do hardly anything cool with it 
Anyone know where I can get apps for my Instinct Phone???  Frustrating that I can't do hardly anything cool with it 
So now it used Soul Voice and started some Virelais - luckily not much death, but lost a chance to attempt a lock test 
@karebeari True that. I had to sleep with my shirt off to stay cool for the past few days. It's very horrible! 
Hey world man its all badd my phine is off &quot;Tear&quot; 
Illegal rave just started in the field behind my house... no sleep for me tonight then 
@alexthefob1991 on my phone? Idt i can  &lt;Fob is my life&lt;3&gt;
Watching Surface as I get ready! This show NEEDS to come back! 
Stuck in this traffic! 520s closed so u know its gonna be a while 
Speed reduced by disk malfunction: 7 // demonios el contador va en 7 
When near completion on k'nex Ferris Wheel, having worked on it 3 hours, they shorted me 16 needed pieces. Definite sad trombone moment. 
@hannah_kinyon YEah it does 
Neglected my twitter account this week  I feel bad
Low blood sugar uggggg 
Sprinkled was a bust too long of a line  now I'm home imma watch tv w/ my sista
Frustrated by the inelegance of the C40 and TEXT input encoding schemes for Data Matrix. Result is unavoidable Frankenstein code 
Nasty Hot. Unpleasant BUT I won my fight. Low net and low gross both! Could advance to sectionals but will be in Vancouver 
@LunaJune Wow.  Nightmares are horrible, they are so real until you wake up!  I've been knifed and allsorts lol shouldn't laugh really 
@conniegreen i felt irritated! I never received any of my commisions from links on my site. Free ads for affiliates 
Broken inside ... She wants to go home but no home. 
I am such a f*ck up ! Muddled up my last train time and made everyone a bit tickety boo-ed off  feel crappy
Alone at the carnival   someone please come !
I have to go to sleeps. Tired 
Tommorow is father's day... N im missin dad... Why do family break up? I miss u dad 
Locked outta my grandmums 
Neda video.  Hard to watch  http://bit.ly/f5tJL
The only problem with getting a Professional Job...Finding dressy work clothes for 5 days a weeks! 
@thorschrock yeah like a few cents at their cost. Teasing kids is not cool  we left our feedback at the survey kiosk: D-
Quick hi-ho! Signal is sketchy while traveling, I apologize for not being able to reply  But miss you all 
Excited about tonights fun, but not about dressing up. 
I want to see that movie The Proposal. I never have anyone to go to movies with 
Free order, stiffed, the first pizza was correct but their half vegi half meat wasn't cut exactly based on the halves, no comment 
@NikkiPike  you're not talking about pre-fangirl are you?  Cause I'd miss you dearly.
in hollywood video right now. anyone know a good movie? i really cant find anything.  Dream* 
Awe thats so far away from me still 
@Angry_Pangolin I dont live anywhere near a 24 hour shop  that genuinely makes me sad 
Stuck at maurice's with the girls 
is watching Made of Honor and missing my MOH  I am ready to see her again real soon.
@DrGracedc Broken hand?!?!?!?!? 
@Eavesdm bit better now thanks. Usual dream of someone coming in the house &amp; creeping into my room but I can't scream or get away 
@kasiemoitoso I went to Hot Topic but I didn't see any livelavalive shirts 
Opted out of the water ride- wish The CMan had... Wet, stinky child for 3 hour carride 
gary papa died. if you're from the Philly area u basically grew up watching him on Action News. very sad 
Just finish studying!  ya rb sa3dni &lt;3 8ddami sa3ab noom !! Waiting for alfjur pray..
Post-surgery recovery hit the wall today! Increased discomfort, swelling, tenderness &amp; pain... low energy levels &amp; weakness... SUCKS!!  
Still Awake  ..and i cant sleep  
I can't believe that I'm working on a special day   Away from my family 
I'm saying to myself &quot;Do NOT Fall Asleep&quot; have no energy to open Coke bottle 
Chained to the desk working 
Playing Counter-Strike source... Headshot here and there but its me dying 
...Boredom n tiredness r killin me, wish I had somewhere 2 go. If it wasn't so hot I wud jus go for a drive  ...
said my final &quot;goodbye&quot; my grandfather today   Rest in peace, grandpa.  We love you and miss you already &lt;3
English Assignment 
I wish it was that easy. Kill me now 
awww @TribbleReese is hurt  its ok buddy.. hope the Speed can pull out a win..
Left &quot;mouse&quot; button on my laptop only works half the time.  
@nubianqueenjay lol she cant even figure out how to do the Background LMao and shes laffin at my profile pic  lol
Neighbors=party busters. 
They don't sell my soy cheese at Fresh &amp; Easy  I don't have have a reason to there anymore. It's a sad day.
Ouch! Nowhere on this toaster treat does it say, &quot;Warning, treat is hot!&quot;  I hecka burned my hand!  I'm only joking about the warning.... 
Ruined a pair of shoes... Heel got caught in the sidewalk. 
Annoyed 
Ugh. Unhappy today 
So the night before my soccer games... I stuck sleeping in the most uncomfortable bed ever..  Ill never get to sleep
 i feel sad. Discouraged. Lonely. Unlucky.
Ultimate warrior, but my fav of all time was hulk hogan and macho man (b4 he became a bad guy) my bro used to do the figure4 on me  LoL
@Broken_Vibes I lost one on dailybooth no long after I joined and it was a (kinda) popular youtuber, it's dead upsetting. 
@ferrous Disappointing  *hugs*
Secrets are the worse. I can't keep hidding it. But I have to 
Just had my first negative response on Stack Overflow. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1022986/ 
Just had my first negatively voted response on Stack Overflow.  http://is.gd/17Oyf
Oh Noes! Target have moved all of their Nerf gear, I can't actually find any of it now 
Buy Mass Effect, or don't buy Mass Effect.... I can't decide 
Bloody wide awake at 3am 
my life sucks. I'm home. Alone. Doing nothing. 
this is sad:  http://tinyurl.com/m476pq  Child Kicking Suspect  
@rawritsallyx Don't Stop Believing comes on at work all the time, but it makes me said that I can't sing along! 
No hot guys here what so ever....none! Kill me now.....  
Awake; everything hurts. 
boooooooooooooooo Cullen is no longer a Trending Topic! 
Burning up is on... no more befoore the storm..  Excited about the BTS video!
The top 3 most downloaded episodes for Geek of all Trades are episodes 1, 2, and 5. I'm on #21. I peaked early didn't I? 
Darn it,after all that trouble,we find out that the drawer goes out of track on one side!Unacceptable!I paid a fortune for it.Exchange! 
Just got back from a day at the beach with my tribe. Caught up on some essays I wanted to read and got a sunburnt butt 
@FromFL Fine food &amp; friends this evening huh? @BlueCrewDNeLLy will be missed! 
Caught a pan on fire today. Burnt my finger on said pan. Now I'm hot miserable and in need of red bull. 
is stuck on a grid rotate puzzle in Return to Ravenhearst.  http://plurk.com/p/12kfub
Giddy giddy giddy! I miss danceteam already. 
Pure genocide he Iranian Elections Were a Hoax http://snipr.com/kjoab , it about first light now - more Video coming in - not good -  QC
Aaarggh... The faulty fire alarm decide to ring again. That's it, I'm going out... Alone! 
wawa got nothin. Tired with people in my bed.  B.I.E.H;
Wasted, wasted, wasted. -__- I wish I was at the Giants game with @jjtl. I miss him. 
It's strange how watching The Pursuit of Happiness can cause me excess anxiety about life. I just feel so bad for people like that. 
Exhausted and havin braxton hicks! Def wanna be at home right now with my feet propped up!  long night to go.
@Five_Knife Broken link 
Worried about max... 
@savvygrl The sunset is stunning! Snap some pictures - I was in the car 
Odd trivia: I don't like to write in my music books! I feel like I am defacing them  I always make photocopies &amp; write all over them 
I'm now watching 16 and Pregnant - so, so sad! 
@o_0robertpatt  Smart ass!!!!  I really mean it!!!  lol  Obviously u dont understand!!  
@Theheartsong nope.... besides his cover of Imagine...and SBM... none of his other new songs..  was  hoping for Save the DAy
Man, sending out press releases is expensive stuff. I ought to stop worrying about it though and just get some sleep. Real work tomorrow. 
Panic attacking 
Unexpected, unbelievable, unaccepted..  I'm gona miss u a lot!! :'(
Broken bridges was a good movie, off to bed soon I have to get up early tomorrow morning 
Deadline by the end of the day... what a weekend 
Reading all night &amp; Study Questions of course 
@vania_bee have fun! Friend!!!! 
Bad day. Stayed up late making business cards. Tired woke up early 4 rainy parade. Traffic wrong turns stopped by cops. Tie soccer game. 
Broke my first glass at work today   Tired. Aching. Church in the morn, that should make me feel better.
i try to get on Trending Topics ,its not happening.  fathers day ?
i remeber i had a can of Icy grape a krylon color from the 70s i paid 25 dollars for...never got to use it so sad  i miss my taggin days!
Exhausted!  Talk
No more movies about serial killers. Hiding under the blankets does not protect against knives or strangulation. 
Wasted and missing/wanting someone. This isn't fair anymore 
Unwanted 
@JeffCaine ok ok Ill go with you for the festival i still miss jerry it isnt the same dead with him gone 
@Flash_Forward I sent him some info couple of hours ago. I'm hoping he will opt out. There is so much we can do 
@Jinxeh i havn't seen &quot;The Shining&quot; 
Not normal, this slow-moving storm. Light rain &amp; lightning for 3 1/2 hrs; looks like it isn't gonna stop. NDakota, it's coming your way 
@daisy219 But it's to find something I haven't tried. :-/ Hard! I hate to thing my family was right all along 
Thee laptop is about to die.  So i think i will go lay down. then sleep.   I want it to Be thee 27th Metro concert with A Kidnap In Color!
Stuck at home because of more rain...watching s2 of sea patrol and they just blew up the hilux 
@qelita Direct Message 
im watching rock the deuce on MTV2 and i look up and see Four Letter Lie.... oh my gosh! i miss them 
@JoeJonas1Fan1 haha i feel the same lol i wish i was there 
Goal for knights early go the half  1 all
Gone to bed gotta wake up early in the morning to drive sister to acting class 
Awake at the crack of dawn as normal 
Gloomy weather 
@shoelovah you should wish I was o Home right now 
@madyar http://twitpic.com/7xz9b - Wow this is so sad. Dead people r so sad 
Annoyed. Confused. I want to talk to you 
@EMAKLIVE I think it sucks!!! Cause I don't have one!! 
The photo pass was totally not set up. Free tickets yes, coverage...  sadly no.
Unexpected roneryness settling in. 
Really wish that I had someone to go see 'The Proposal' with.   Feeling kinda lonely.
can't sleeep. Left my ipod in the car 
Trapped in the short one's room. I keep watching the door for the owner to come back. Barka bark ... 
Gut feeling, shut up. I do not need your input. 
Alone at the club drinkin  but drinkin security read my id wrong
been for a walk, now for a swim . . Poorly head 2day 
@ramblelite Why would I shoot you? And I wish I had a better story  Sort of, I feel left out. LOL.
@meaghankayye Cause its in a deleted file that is linked to that phone! 
Bumper Sticker: &quot;My Imaginary Friend Filed A Restraining Order Against Me  !&quot;
Shoot me. I am now going to bed 
Devastated I cant make church tonight 
Saw &quot;Year One&quot;. It wasless than good. 
Closer than I even realized.  I win that race, I cash.  
Tortured at Hatha. 2 more sessions to go! 
what a day to work..typical, sunny when not off!!!!!! Curses 
Rolled formula bmw at abbey - weather watch lots of cloud and its now cold 
In bed reviewing OMT, Suicide Silence, Run Dem Out, Outcry Collective &amp; VOD. Got coffee &amp; digestives. Need a puppy for company, though 
I hate Sundays. Bloody bored now, secretly dying inside 
Fractured hand  so sad! http://mypict.me/4OmI
@communicating Stings 
Slight headache today-was it the cheap champagne, the homemade redcurrant wine or the copious amounts of other wines? Or all of the above 
@mmitchelldaviss  Hackers suck.
LAN connection failed ....... No Counter Strike 
so frickin tired! And too tired to take other long walks and buses. Craving for home 
I. Miss. S. Period. 
is saddened by bro. ceci's death. Rest in peace brother.  http://plurk.com/p/12mjya
Finding iPhone tweet deck buggy   Friends in new columns going missing and can't link to hashtags. Gone back 2 tweetie, good old tweetie.
Awe the pup is crying. I wanna let it sleep on the bed so it won't cry but I don't wanna start it off on bad habits. 
Longest day of the year today, and its not even sunny  #fb
Layin in bed.. Wide awake n thinkin too much....    blaaaah
Break ups are so hard... Especially when they blame you 
My Whole body aches... Head hurts and throat is killing me..  xxxxx
Cause I keep you up 
@JhonenV Crunch!  Crunch good monster.  Power of, uh...not sure.  People run away from Crunch.  That not good experience... for Crunch. 
@cyanidedust aw   Hide yer stuffs and take a nap?   &gt;.&lt;
@CHRISDJMOYLES and I bet you still get there before us. Stuck in a massive traffic jam in silverstone village 
This is the last season of Prison Break  I hate it when shows/great book comes to an end 
Should I go home?. I wanted to.. Shoot! I'm really tired.. 
Bk Home In Glasgoww ... Cold, Wet &amp; Wind Tho 
@JoannaHang Cause you cheated!! 
Cool Paper Airplane Chase (Paper Plane in EU) review here by DSiWareReviews [http://bit.ly/laWx4] He gave it a bad one though... 
@trilbylove Perfect to begin ANOTHER day of work 
@lmfaobikinigirl NO!!! Who do you want me to beat up?? Cheer up  Your biggest fans are here for you!!!
@SisterRoma Awe, @deantuckerxxx told me about this but I couldn't make it tonight  We need to actually hang out sometime! xoxo
Caught up on sleep weird dreams low energy tho 
@sxs3200 6am is lonely when Speed channel switches to Paid Programming. 
Rate la brocante de champs city 
Not hungover thank goodness. Plan on action, breakfast,B&amp;Q till half 5, watch the Hangover... oh and sleep would be handy. No run today 
So Tired! 
I just ate the best ice cream ever.  Sort of makes me feel better about school tomorrow  Also im un naturally tired for 8.30pm booo! ahhhh
DARKNESS is all i see. Imprisoning me. Absolute horror. I cannot live I cannot die. Trapped in my myself. Body my holding cell. Work time 
#Pakcricket #t20 no loadshedding during final. Same promise was not fulfilled in semi. 
Awake. Tossing and turning. . 
Awake... I have to drive back from beach for work  
Return Demonstration tomorrow.. Practicing hand scrubbing and gloving and btw, it's damn hard.. Hand Scrubbing hurts I tell you 
Return Demonstration tomorrow.. Practicing hand scrubbing and gloving..Hand Scrubbing hurts I tell you  Damn!
@ambertje14 Awe I was up...just not at my comp 
@MileyHoCyrusFan Same here.. I'm staying at home.. it's cloudy over here 
@CyanideLacedTea Same with my tv.. from like 8 pm 
Spare me from all the stupid plate tectonics!  - http://tweet.sg
Devoid of inspiration  how can it be this hard to follow commission guidelines? D:
Paid bills.    Now gonna run to pick up donuts for husbeau and wash his truck.  Earning my good wifey points today.
Just did another episode of Two Lefties on a Bench with @sinewave but it looks like my phone lost it 
Deleted tweetdeck from my iPhone, let me know when 1.1 is out 
Attack Attack van died last night, needs a new radiator , had to cancel our headline show in Holland  hope a curry is gonna cheer me up!
Bewildered by #photography post processing 
Full of fudgecake 
Annoyed, the stupid hippys celebrating Solsitce at Stonehenge meant I didn't get home in time for my night out 
SMPS Fan is dead 
I have lots of ideas. Trouble is, most of them suck 
Won our first Bantam playoff game, lost in the finals 
Worried and losing sleep. I miss my baby.. 
Left the car unlocked while having a nice dinner. I must be insane. 
I am sick of this cough.Enough already 
Wasted and blowed...still in my system 
@marzanne_05 I know. Hassle 
 Wow Goodbyes are so hard 
http://twitpic.com/802jy just a few inches off the top and it would zip! Instant reduction tips ladies? 
Solitary confinement is a punishement right??  what have i done wrong? sorry kat  to whatever it is you deemed it worthy
Own my way to Urgent Care 
Fix the freaking buses are trying to deafen us  #sicamp
Feeling down cause I can't get all I want from my phone. Aim, tweeter,facebook, msn, and yahoo in one application 
Today's grand adventure: going to Sears to put new tires on my car. Scintillating, I know.  $800 
Change of plans we aere still here  at the normanby hotel http://bit.ly/16vXH4
@pennynash I'm not allowed crisps now.    Low salt diet.
Exhausted... Gettin grief from my hips, back n tummy  think its my stupid #endo. Needing pain killers.
Spending father's day with my daddy of course. Hard to drag myself out of uber-comfy coccoon though  #gooddaughter
currently atempting the begging of hell........A.K.A..dun dun duuuuuun.....Personal statement 
Lack of telly is super gay  might put the iplayer on to get some background tv noise!
What?  No Cyanide &amp; Happiness today?  
Stuck in a room of staring faces, caught in a nightmare, can't wake up. I need my babies now 
and the typhoon just changed the direction.No T8 tomorrow  just heavy rain fall.Temperature 32 humidity level 200%
- Nip/Tuck got cancelled. Wth? 
@unahealy http://twitpic.com/8014s - I'm sooo Far away..to watch it.. I can only watch the tour from the U tube.. 
Rushing to complete the log book. Surprise check from superior tomorrow 
@yixuany Same here! It's a real torture! 
@Julifew my username is &quot;l4flare&quot;, not &quot;14flare&quot; hehe. Easy mistake to make . I might have to call the animal rescue folk soon.. 
Dead battery right  in the middle of an alexisonfire song 
I feel ill! Self induced hangover after a bottle of Morgans. 
She was so fck up that she bust my lip. Scared my moms gonna kick me out of the house when she wakes up, cz my sister was fck up 
Theme: Schizocoel and pseudocoel Triblastics. 
@lancearmstrong re: Troubling ..wow 
Up to #fete de la musique. Why do Element of Crime play in Prenzlberg?? Feels like kind of sellout to Kreuzberg. 
@Danthetrimmer Serious? damn that's a great save, I don't understand why we're so expensive here 
Excuse my terrible typing today everyone 
My keens knocked off  Cost of being irregular trekker.
Awe the any just asked if i wanted to sit with them 
Awake after a few shorts hours of sleep :/  work in a bit 
@StigJD boooooo ...button needed a rocket up his arse! Tough break 
Annoyed that 10 mins before the end of Extreme Makeover my sky decided to break so I missed the big reveal  gutted!!!!
I am crying out for change. Change to free internet! I have none 
#greentactics #iranelection   Problem!!! I dont see a peaceful way for the revolution 
Spoke too soon. Now raining 
Going boating today. Might be the last time. Selling the boat. Sadface. 
@pokemeidareyou Unbearable wait for a comicbook 
#PakCricket back to no8 at the Trending Topics  
Conflicted 
@andrewdisley now way! Dead pixels are a bugger! 
Stepped outside &amp; thought my house got egged.I realized that it was bird eggs that fell from the nest. Embryo does not wash off 
Longest hangover on the longest, sunniest day of the year. Fantastic. 
Job, done. Sofa and us open til tomorrow here I come...leg and throat in a bad way 
@lj2me Aw  Puzzle of Death? o.o
Wohhh ... Huge gust of wind 
 im gonna miss ya kaylin. Ill be in sierras suitcase when she comes up there.
Wasted weekend 
Getting ready for another exciting day of work...NOT  Save me!
Watching the Black Enterprise Biz Report on TV One &amp; hoping I'll make a few million 1 day. Feeling behind the ball though. 
My granny has had a fall. I am worried. Waiting to hear what the paramedics say. 
Foggy just won today and I blooming missed it thanks to the coop mods taking much longer than expected 
still stuck outside the house... Waiting for my neighbour to cme back 4m mahableshwar, he has the spare key 
Gutted - had a really nice ice cream but the cone snapped and I lost half of it. 
On my break.. Exhausted 
@itsroberth What do you work as then? I haven't been doing much today, I've just been trying to find ways to entertain myself. Boring day 
Awake and feel like my heads gonna explode 
My cell phone isn't working right now - won't turn on.  Reach me via email, facebook, home phone.
I've just saw the final episodes of &quot;Prison Break&quot;. It really was The End. 
Stuck in traffic on the motorway. I want to sleep. I still feel ill 
Strapped up knee &amp; went for a run earlier, only I think I've made it worse...ow!! Throbbing pain &amp; the stench of Deep Heat...not good 
@RyanHilt oh yuck...that does suck.  Slow shows are tough.
Another joe. In the shower w/ me. Behind the sponge. 
Perfect day.. And i get to spend it at work.  
@ShaylaKersten Same temps here in Indy. 
Broken heart 
http://twitpic.com/846u9 - Pleas don't hurt the little man 
@theconsumerlab Animals have suffocated when putting heads inside that inverted Yoplait cup. Easier to put warning than redesign 
Paranoia and disappointment sets in every time I read these tweets: @foodrecalls @Food_Recalls @FoodSafety and @CBCConsumer 
Goal this week: update men's basketball record book as best as possible. A lot of sections will only be since 2003 
@bobbythomas1 Indifference is the essence of inhumanity, hope it's not what u think of me! 
@isihac72 yes, the iplayer wanted me to install Real 
@butterflysnbees but we know the +'s. Shaming your friends doesn't earn points w/ them. there's just a big anti-bfing culture out there. 
Fractured nuckle 
Stuck in ALDO for the next 6+ hours..with a dying phone  how did I get myself into this position!
@ourmatetone Do the Endless Setlist on RB2. I almost lost the will to live when I got to Visions though 
Elevated white count means not going home yet. 
@rossg257 Same thanks sept my arms killing cos I've got like 10 dozen midgey bites lols. Little buggers 
Yesterday i found Malware Threat @cssglance webpage! #malware still online, guys 
Cheer thing at four, when I get back maybe do something? I do not want to be stuck at home all day. 
Colds, colds, colds cannot happen on Conspiracy night. 
Stuck in the parking lot because a delivery truck is blocking me in 
So bummed I'm not gonna be able to go to Pensive tonight.  
Possessions are possessing - sad 
@chrisblake hey, I'm googling for &quot;someone else&quot; 's lyrics... Nowhere to find them 
Stomach is bothering me again. Lunch didn't agree with me.  Fighting nausea and no meds with me 2day.
Beautiful day in santa monica but not at the beach 
@tristanharris export in h264 for high res and small file sizes via quicktime.  Exporting will take a long time even on a dual processor 
@imarielle Part two of #hpthemusical doesn't seem to be working. 
Done my usual 10k hilly run in 51'52&quot; (a couple of min slower than PB). Track would not load on MotionBased 
@vlobosco Recommending I jine up? I don't feel qualified to write about a team I can only see play when they're nationally televised 
Had me in class all day.    Flame L. 25man killed Fri. night.  Working on XT-002 next.  Razorscale wasn't bad though the Adds slaughtered
For those of you following this : iPhone 3gs was iPhone 3g Shattered ! Into millions of pieces. Screen went everywhere. Oops 
One of my granny's dogs was put to sleep today. 14+ years. She was def strong &amp; brought joy to our lives. Deaths are always sad 
@MikkaDinah I think it's CBS cause they're mean like that. They wouldn't want anyone watching Guiding Light  well I'm watching anyway...
Gutted, forgot all about Grey's Anatomy Season Finale, darn!! Only 10 mins left 
Waded through a waist-deep, ice cold creek only to climb one route and get rained out.  End result: wasted gas money and soggy boxers. 
On my way to tutor.  So close to summer! Listening to hellogoodbye &quot;Here in Your Arms&quot;
Aww  still! Wth
Exhausted 
Watching the new mini-series, Impact. Waiting until three-thirty to get ready, going to a class for my new job at CVS. Four hours long 
Fatal metro train collision on the red line 
http://twitpic.com/84vdi - Honor society passes. If they gave us them sooner we couldve gotten into soundcheck  oh well (via @nikki_jonas)
Stuck in rush hour milwaukee traffic 
Stuck at home sick today... and yes, it sucks 
Just got into a scuffle with my desk.  Desk won.  Ouch. 
Fatal collision on the metro red line today. Could've been on it if I didn't decide to be a girly girl and go shopping instead.. Scary 
God damn sports sucks right now. It's just baseball  Can't wait for the NHL Draft/Free Agency and NFL training camps!
@Real_EvaMendes you didn't reply to me 
Tantruming child's screams grew louder. Ignored a few more minutes then went up - he had closed a box onto 3 fingers. Ice pack and shame 
@snicketeer Thanks, I'm aware of that - funny thing is: it is not listed under &quot;Notifications&quot; - just &quot;Tap Tap Revenge&quot; 
Change of plans going to my grandma's not grandpa's 
Is watching Wife Swap while trying to finish her NVQ work and trying to cope with a massive toothache 
@justinhartman Stuck in a hotel room  it seems indefinitely.
going to King Buffet tonight. Dragging the uglies with me. i wanna see Reneeeeeeeeee! 
@lisayee Scary stuff on the Metro. 
epic failure sorry  *Crash*
Wants to go home. Badly. 
SouthPaw3: Easy way out....  http://tinyurl.com/m7nbrw
Needs all her dc friends to send her a text message now!! Change fbook status sumthing!! 
Has it really been 6 months since we last went camping? Succumbing to the sly stranglehold of the city 
@KairaButler Re: nude girls - well just about righ! I know it. They aren't getting that they are setting themselves up for use and abuse. 
Beautiful day and I see a ton of motorcycles out and about.  Makes me miss my VFR 
Home sick with a cold 
Killer headache and im no longer off tmrw 
@Rule17 according to my workload/manager there are now about 49 working hours in a single day. 
This coursework is like never-ending!  I ain't sleeping till it's done!   Chat anyone?
@michellekgross I am sorry! Mean no disrespect, I was baffled by the meaning..sorry 
@KristienAntwerp And it's too bad they're on the &quot;No Touchy&quot; list... 
@chrisilluminati Unpacking b/c you have to see everything that broke from you hurrying to get it all moved 
Odd... The ringing has changed... That's not good 
Just got in my car and it made noises. After checking it, turns out my front right tire is, how do you say, coming apart. Perfect timing! 
Boredom has led to attempts at bicycling. But what is the point? All cute with nowhere to go and nothing to do. 
@tommytrc You wouldn't heart this one... Flat gonna be hard.   I'm gonna cover it with strawberries.. Hide it some.  The rest is ready.
Boom boom pow... Owwww! 
Charter cable blows.  All these unexplained outages in my area lately.  I am getting tired of this! Tired of coming home to no cable. 
@saharabloom got bored with Push so started lean today - like Burn on steroids   but will cure the blues
Disconnected from the world  no more internet for 3 weeks
Wow today was truely amazing!!! Not trusted!! Over worked!! Tired! Fighting with a best friend! Missing my bestie!  HELP ME!!!
http://twitpic.com/85a2j - Piece of crap 
http://twitpic.com/85a7n - Piece of crap 
Watching Secret life. I wasn't expecting the sex thing with grace this soon. At least not the first epi of the season!!!  don't do it....
Bloody electro bothering my head right now. It's not the format of my next release 
Wonder how I didn't feel that earthquake 5.7. Hit Alaska around noon. I was vaccuming and mopping the kitchen floor. 
Dropped daddy off at L.A.X  Home now. Sooooooo hungrrrryyyyyyy
@itz_cookie Hecky yeah boo. But there is a lot old classic stuff that i havent heard yet. LOL! I jus heard Reasonable Doubt last week. 
@KellyShibari Cooler this year, could have fooled me here in sweltering midwest now, at least 3 more days this week to be  degree or more 
@520_bridge Afraid so, 520... Afraid so.  
My knee is flipping Killing me 
@Tropicando Doubt it. But it's apparently not as thorough 
Dosen't have a clue how this works 
Persistent headache. no want migraine 
Unemployed life sucks.  Bagels and soap operas. 
I did it again. Stepped on a tack and it went straight up my foot.  ow ow ow
I have legit been taking notes this whole time. Kill me because I have one more chapter to go waahhhh 
Home sadly. 
@mozy19 Sedins. Defiantly. 
@ijayson66 Don't think anybody knows. Complete black box. Like limbo 
Scared for her life! We just barely made it past a tornado and ive already been having anxiety problems today and this doesnt help!  s ...
Problem I have w/ laptop wireless is NOT fixed after all. 
35 more minutes. I need a time machine! Waiting is not fun 
 Run's family makes me happy. Thats a frown because it expresses my emotion better.
@NateZim @pastorhudson both are good indeed.. Goal 1 isn't watch instantly though 
Like no matter how good life gets I am dropped so far down its unreal. Tired, worthlessness, empty.. I hate how ppl make me feel 
Days like today make me crazy no matter what I did to try to fix it, I couldn't draw anything decent. Hand - eye is totally on the fritz. 
Stuff like this just isn't supposed to happen! Rest in peace to all that died this weekend. 
Finally Home from marching in 95 degree weather in those thick hot suits. Showering sleeping and work tomorrow 630 wake up call 
@JanSx Re nicotine patch sucking up creativity, mines gone down w/out nicotine  (Can Relate)
Locked out of the house 
@bigdaddymerk My mum bought a house by the coast. Trouble is, I don't live on the coast and have lost a babysitter  
At the doctors -- have to get a shot! Scared and starving. 
Stuck at jury duty  this is going to be a very long day wah wah wah
Awe my new cute shoes are too big size 8 
@chocolatempls1 good mornign sis...How r you ? how was the mexican? We thinking about going to the Ultimate tonite...&amp; u'll b workin 
Nephew has the swine flu  and the lil bros might have it too ... Aw man ...
@mikebass84 it's the one near the end of Wither! 
Loud grumbling stomach noises how embarrassing! Starving! 
Stuck out in highland til the car repairs are done...  oh well
Heavy life issues going on!   
Scary stuff that happened here in our Capital yesterday  http://bit.ly/Gxeo1
@Five_Knife @TeamHuntress how art thou this morning beautiful mother of mine? wish i could say that 
@MrzTravis ..True! But this aint funny!  
Fog of War (3x's in one day)+ marking= hell. Although the torture is currently being mitigated by a nice cup of tea, no biscuits though 
The Fallen's single Bury Me Alive http://bit.ly/sIQv3 not HQ  I still like Evanescence much better.
@StephAnderson Blow drying hair?  What's that?  I don't think I've used a blow dryer in 15 years.  
Worried like never before, my baby is in the hospital 
@catirah @domojae @dyellagurl @keylahtia wish I could, I'm working  Blow!
@ibeale jealous.com! Re 2nd - it's my bloody late night at work so no can do  but drinkage is long overdue nevertheless!
@KCL2 I can see maybe hating a person but all women? That's just wrong. I love women. They're sweet! Same here with twitter also 
@530on4 raises, puts ppl on Furlough (like temp unemployment)...I expect nothing out of this employer 
So much for doing stuff today. I am crampy. Period day. I don't feel good 
Worried about my poor little cat.  
Tears. 
@bowwow614 U crazy! and u never reply to me...Tear, maybe I shuld unfollow u and follow someone who will? 
Money Saving Tips &amp; Hard Disk Dead  http://ub0.cc/7v/3V
Stuck working all day while it's sunny and clear as hell outside 
@Starstew drat! i haven't had time to start the first Fear. it's on my list w/ Res Evil 3 and Left 4 Dead... 
Off to lunch. Alone. 
@mrbmoney Excuse me LoL I wish sum1 culd make me sum food right now i wanna get bck in my bed 
Lack of sleep + No make-up + messy hair = uglytimes 
@runkerrierun - sadly aspartame (sweetener) is a neurotoxin, and I have  nerve disease (more on my site). Full sugar or nothing = nothing 
OK! I'm gonna listen to Breakeven by @thescript all day long and work, work, work. I'm so backed up, its no joke!  no more tweeting for me
@skilip...that's totally true, but i'll have to wait another year because i'm half way my contract with T-Mob.....unfortunally 
Alone in the office while everyone heads out to Skamania for 3 days. #pdx rental market is making me stick around to hunt for a new place 
Holy shitballs, Fear Factory's Archetype album is absolutely metal as fuck. Shame the album after that was weak 
It's a beautiful day, too bad I gave up the sun.   Debating just one hour if I cover my face and bewbies.
Left my phone charger at the hotel.   They're mailing it to me.
Some sort of free lunch today, people getting &quot;Years in Service&quot; awards and recognitions.  Doubt there's an 11 Months award 
Typing up my Short Story !   Boringg!
Angry cause twitter won't let me change my background 
@cuddi Slight issue in transferring Oghr, files bad, need to re-create.    It's coming eventually!
Ill i can think about right now is that physics exam, and a movie i watched months ago that had a really sad ending. The thought of both 
So.. Exhausted walking around 
Stuck inside the bus 
@Chemchoum not sure. Waiting for appt with hand specialist. 
Doing work while my kids watch &quot;I, Robot&quot;. Graduation 2morrow.  I think I'm actually going to miss them.
Worried about mom 
Free ice cream and I said no 
Annoyed I didn't get to see pixie lott on saturday  x
@js_resetglitch Problem is, once you remove them from the device, the saves go with it  Freeing up space is difficult
@whiningdining  Pretty much sounds like what's happening. We have a gate.  Problem is at night dad lays with her until she's asleep.
I just got a follow request from a woman who had a porn message on her page. Porn followers, i.e., fake entities, have infected twittter? 
I'm not going to take my life soooo seriously, I'm never going to make it out alive anyway. That's a funny thought-Now Eternity Worry 
Bloody hungry and actually pretty fed up right now... 
@_ontdai I just wanted to be Maid of Honor, if you went and eloped after I planned the bachelorette party I will be sad 
@thebostonista Just found out the one in Fan. is under construction!!!! 
@nobbyd True very sad 
Regret not driving to brookwood today. Gym kit + foodage = mucho heaviness 
@DroidHead Problem is i cant boot into recover or camera+power 
@PLANETLYNX LMFAOOOOO @ soap knuckles!  I think that shit needs more than that...it was green...like the slime from a Double Dare episode 
Entertain me I'm bored 
@corykad The field rep from GEB was there. Chances are if I did something bad, Guiding Eyes'd hear about it.  else, I wouldn't care much..
Wishing I were there.  Where?  Anywhere! Margheritaville comes to mind!!!  
@dalou00 its hard I've been hooked to reality tv since the first season of The Real World  sad I know!
@notmywords Happiness is the key! I'm searching, I can tell you that. I'm done being 
Just watched Prison Break: The Final Break. Emotional ending 
@bt http://twitpic.com/87l4m - Awe, the poor thing. 
Defeat - I (2246) was beaten by ONEWTON (0) 
iPhone is hosed. Reboots often hang and all non-built-in apps crash immediately. Restore time. 
Sitting at work waiting on 5 o'clock to roll around. Boring day today 
Away becuase I have a headache 
No more Minute Maid cranapple juice. 
Bloody headache! 
@darlingwind She hates me.  End of.  I was trying to be cruel to be kind but it's backfired 
Panic slightly averted; have located missing files, downside, this is going to take frigging forever 
Single and ready to mingle haha I ve started to comfort eat help! 
@soundofgoodbye Lie through your teeth! When are you moving out again? 
Stuck in gym with eleveners 
Luck seems to have changed 
Another mirror day for performance. Finls, energy, materials lead. Small cap &amp; growth lag.  Opposite of yesterday.  I liked yesterday 
Agh. Struggling with drowsiness. Never good when visiting a customer. 
I really wasn't that impressed with The Proposal 
Does Longsilog sound like Tapsilog?!   15 min of lunch Wasted!
@shemah Accident apa Shem? 
@Friarlicious I'm stuck lying down for a week solid. Count yourself lucky 
Awake, and ready to shake rattle and roll with the sunlight... if it stays.... 
I'm Annoyed people Are stupid 
Piece of junk!! I overdrew 
@fenrislorsrai Yeah, so do I.  I can change it, that does sound like a good idea. What do people think? &quot;Mission Statement&quot; or &quot;Objective&quot;
@UnlshTehTrnips i knowwww. Gutted 
@ariadne09 Yes, http://todaysmeet.com/webwise is completely blocked. Chat rooms are out in #NSWDET 
Covered in mud at the state park 
@Littlemissahh_ oh yeah! Lyrics alreay looked up on google! Reading them just now. unimpressed. 
Phone officially broken  New phone in 7-14 days. Catch me on Twitter in the meantime. Lame. Frustrated. Hitting the gym. 3 in the morning.
@JohnMetBetty   Believe it or not...it's harder to wait for news.  SIL will be deep &quot;in the moment&quot;.  You're just stuck waiting!
@AmiiK :O Costs more here and there bitches as well 
@crochetgal I think it's a trick. Dust and nothing else. 
Single again with another heart break 
To jailbreaked device one can add all kinds of fancy gizmos &amp; tweak your device. Downside is that ur device consumes more battery 
ugh class 6 ta 10 ..... and I thought school got better after high school   *Crash*
Underestimated impact of listening to @amandapalmer's &quot;Another Year&quot; for the first time I couldn't sing along about being only 26 
@KimWood re Short Sales let's cry on each others twolders. I've been working on 1 for 6 months its probably dead 
watched the final episodes of season 2 of Rome... Gutted to learn they are apparently not making anymore 
Hand tacking on the train is really difficult without a needle  
Full belly from taste panel: jerk chicken, meatballs, apple-pear sauce, scalloped mash potat, brisket sandwich, &amp; more. No dinner for me 
Very disappointed that my MP3s from The Bedside Drama A Petite Tragedy album end prematurely, skipping to next track, randomly. 
@Slave2beauty i burnt my gum on my chicken earlier, not happy about it 
@thehypercube bad news! Stuck at work tonight  is there a weblink to the live broadcast?
@OfficialGrl  I ruddy hate cheese and marshmallow fluff !! Urgghh !! Gag/choke/splutter 
Spotty internet is NOT cool! 
Stats class about to start 
Recruiter biases: studies show recruiters prefer to interview people with anglo-saxon names. Awful.  http://tinyurl.com/ncdlhg
Mowed in the heat yesterday, gotta umpire in it today. 
am 5miles 6:37pace. pm 5@6:47pace. All i could manage. Using inhaler but still not breathing very well. Prob wont race tomorrow now 
So tired  Why do I have to work??? Hopefully my Lie 'n' Easy order will come soon!
@juliancheal  there will be friendly people on the phoneline and in the office who will be happy to help! Promise!
Stuck in some major traffic an my battery is about to die 
@seesmic @loic Personal dislike, how cumbersome adding peeps 2 Userlists  Needs to auto-complete or checkbox users from my followers.
Cruel bad beat for Nasr - AA cracked by T9s  #WSOP41 #Nation
Left the dentist, my teeth are in some pain now  got some chips an guac from chiptole, gettin gas then goin back to pool ..
@righteousjorge here! Waiting for yoou! 
Stoked to be getting my tooth fixed!  now only if it stopped breaking 
@jess_roz  aaaaaaaaand thursday is out. Hating one of my pt jobs right now 
is watching The Hand of Fear. Mat says i can't have an obliteration module  such a meany.
Killer headache with one more class to teach tonight 
I walk in for a internship, Land a 1 year contract yet can't accept it...this would be easier if I was rejected  
y laptop has lost use of the  keys. Usig cut &amp; paste that's the: &quot;n m ,&quot; keys. Same problem as last year, another new motherboard I guess 
@Mrs_Zero i think &quot;fuck you&quot; is a bit harsh! 
But I also wake up to a bump on ma bottom lyk a SPider Bit me....maybe thats what woke me up...damn it! It hurt 
Free money is over I actually have to work 
Forced to watch Americas got Talent! 
I hate being sick. Cause I hate throwing up  don't know what to do right now cause I'm in pain!
Heartbreaking. I had to pick up a dead kitty from my street. Irresponsible neighbors.  Spay/neuter your pets people.
@johnsykes1035 Only Death is final! Only Foreclosure is Final.  Only Loss of Job due to economy is FINAL! 
Doing Assignment  
@RiniGrandViper I'm sorry you had a bad day.  Things will get better, though! Promise!
Stuck in a traffic jam 
Used an entire bobbin of thread before I noticed the tension was off while I was meandering this quilt...  Ripping it all out now...
Typo sucks 
The shampoo/conditioner I bought makes my hair too soft. Normal people would want that but now I can't style my hair the way I want. 
Stuck at the bugged out gate on the first boss in Halls of Crafting #lotro  *sigh*  Book 8 is not looking good tech wise. 
Emotional scenes after watching the end of prisonbreak!! 
@charissedeleon my bro said he saw you. Jealousy becomes me!! I wanna see you too! 
brrrrrr its soo cold! Caught a little cold this morning... not good @ all 
I always cry hysterically from the Notebook 
Even Your Truth was a lie! man sittin here with too much time to think..wow, all that wasted time!!  wow
Verdict: transformers was a bust. 
working 3-10 sucks  but now I'm going to watch the premiere of the Real World yayy
i'm still waitin for Reason 4 &amp; Logic Express 8 to come knocking at my door. *sigh* i CRAVE music production 
@lushrain Sighs. . always trying to put the brown man down 
Exhausted after long trip 
Beautiful day out, mind full of laziness but today is not saturday  . Still no rains . Skipping rope inviting. Museli on breakfast menu.
@DDUBzCaliDream oh yeah! Tons! Broken arm! 
Heavy is the head that eats the crayons...can't get any sleep. 
I miss my Audition Account  -Bare Bored!-
Left my book at work  soo trying to sleep, but the crazy little kitten has other ideas... Like biting.. And scratching...
Annoyed that my internet isnt working 
Feet tired  fuck you heels, fuck you.
is waiting for a biochemistry professor with a friend. Feet hurting.  http://plurk.com/p/13r0hc
Slow day. Alone all day since Daniela got her job back. No more bonding time    Looking forward to tonight though.
Clumsy me.. Cut my finger with a mirror it burns.. 
Left my earphones at home so can't listen to music on my way to work  on another note, travel sitting forwards or backwards on a train?
Awful eve. in Fresh Choice. Elderly man keels over and collapses, meds came and worked on him a while then took him away   No I didnt eat!
kind of bummed out. Worried about her job. 
Slow speed texts  - http://tweet.sg
@souljaboytellem Awake because I have an earache 
Bridgestone features a commercial talking about &quot;breaking boundaries&quot; that apparently doesn't include the Deaf/Hard of Hearing - no caps 
Tired after a long day... Excited for camping, but no wifi 
Still needs to see Transformers. ugh. Wails I have to wait. 
Afraid of gettin stung by a scorpion thnx aaron for tht wonderful show of laughter after u got stung n now karmas goin to b a bitch to me 
@rana__xx Cause i feel like when i leave school, I'm alone. and other reasons. it's fucking horrible. 
I'm @ my end and I'm losing respect for myself. I know what needs to be done and not sure why Ive yet to do it. Everyday is a wasted one 
Awake but eyes are heavy 
Exhausted. Terrible feeding day  Still lots of poop tho...where is it coming from???
@nicktabick @thursdayschild Only slightly related: Know how to move an Amarok stats database from one comp. to another? I've got no luck. 
You know that stack of money of the Geico commercials, well it scares me!  Lol! True story
My head is BUSTIN! Bloody BUSTIN!  ARRRGGH!
@serahmargret Boring overrides cute.  And he's too cuddly... even for me.
@Spikes You forgot to look at Awkward Overshirt. 
Facebook Change Forever Messages to Become Public By Default http://ff.im/-4pkGS 
Flickaaaaaaa!!! This movie rocks.  I feel like watching 'The Notebook', but i dont have the movie  I wish i did
@RaymondZhuo Cause I can't take rejection. Rejection hurts 
Up, awake and packed. Waiting for jade to pick me up so we can go to breakfast. I dont want to leave, but at half 4 we have to 
Dead stop on the 55s freeway. Accidents 
yeah! man !Ah ah ah! Humming and beatbox at the same time is so hard 
Left big toe ist much bigger than the other one 
Pyrex mixing bowl shattered at the bottom = No more baking cookies for a while. Saddest day of my life. 
Change of plans... Fight night has 2 wait  gonna see my pooh bear before she leaves...EDC trip 1 day
Stuck on the M1 
I'm bored.  Created this for.. fun?
Because cards from 9th edition Core Set for starters is VERYYY weak 
@al_ice @joemisika yeh, great match. But again Teamwork you know. Torres shoulda passed lotsa times but he didnt  silly man. I'm happy tho
@michaelalacey great. Quick shower then off to work 
I bloody hate the hairdresser who cut my hair , esp my fringe . Whole family is laughing at my fringe  - http://tweet.sg
i never read much of 'The Host' Mind you 3pages isn't enough to get into a book is it? Hahaa, i fell asleep, and just been woke up 
I am not ready to sleep but I a. Tired hand have to work tommrow  I wish I didn't have to work at all and could just do my crafts 24/7
Note to self: Troll-poking might be fun, but don't do it on weeknights.  I should've been asleep three hours ago! Fail!
Stuck in traffic 
at the Funeral homes with my cousins especially my dead cousin 
Excited for tomorrow, not as excited if I have to work. 
@cupcake79 i'm just coming straight home, and shane knows. Stuck at work 
Ugh! Stiff neck! 
Blame it on the orange juice I drank this morning...huhuhu 
going out to do my nailzz ^.~ Excited for transfomers my bro caught it last night alr 
Oh noes! Unproductive evening.  This means tomorrow will be too busy. D:
Appalled at the sexual content in transformers... should have checked reviews beforehand. 
Just spent 20 minutes watching a commercial on the 'Slim n Lift' and all I have to say is &quot;I don't want to be fat when I'm older!!!!&quot; 
Stuck in traffic on way to assessment. I want to cry! No time for any breakfast either! 
@Stray80: that sucks 
Suffering week. Inside n out 
Bloody cooler today...didn't know until I went outside i'm gonna get cold feet 
I'm hungry! But I'm not out, and don't wanna eat @ home  Starvation. http://myloc.me/5yDD
Awake with upset stomach 
I wish I was doing this... Sleeping  http://yfrog.com/3qm66j
Ill have to work that day though 
Stuck in traffic.  http://myloc.me/5yGr
Child sponsorship makes me sad. And angry. Waste of money I reckon 
@sahilk I want to... but some urgent things might drop in for sometime...Complete camp not possible  Who all speaking btw?
didn't realise it was so chilly this morning, Ill be freezing later on as no jacket today  never mind! @ least the office will b cool #fb
@MFKAOZ Fine then, don't believe me. 
Change of plan, im not in work today 
Awake now... feels like shit from last night 
@OldPostcards not sure, wonky had fungus, so I am treating the water for that but Tiny didnt seem to have it. Water tested ok. Odd 
I need a shower I smell like a hobo  iRylee Riot!
@KillerClareBear it's now 2 am... Same boat... 
Losing concentration again... Contemplating going to bed, but thats three decent hours of study I'll lose...  I hate exams.
I can't go to sleep  theres a spider in my bed hell nah! Kill it!
Blow Torch no more gas liaw ... play 4 - 5 times only ... 
Novel Writing Deadline: 60 pages in 30 days? Yesterday - 1 page. 18 days total - 35 pages - 25 to go (1 page behind schedule) Ill 
Just Stay Home and Boring day 
Mindless eating and too much water 
 sad cuz i can't put twitter on my Aim info 
Torn, don't know who to root for #masterchef!! 
Also I really can't understand why The Ship isn't incredibly popular. It is genius! 
Awake cause another night I can't sleep 
@stevienixed Aw sweety, hope you feel better. Killer headaches really do suck.  ::hugs::
Awwie awwie awwie! Spilled boiling water on thumb, spilled coffee on floor and trousers  today isn't shaping up to be a good day #fb
Eating churusco is the city! Portion control just went out the window  #fatbastard
Smart enough, but not cute or compelling enough to be on millionaire.  just got my rejection notice.
Spoke to soon it's crashing on the desktop and not reading the disk on the laptop gonna return it tomorrow 
I can't get no Satisfaction... 
No news from persiankiwi for 18 hours - very worried and fear something bad has happened. Hard to focus on actually working 
FINE, Ill get up. Ihate you, world. 
@mrtrev Trouble is you can't sneak sweeties into your pockets buying them on-line 
I have hand cramps from trying to beat Aisling and Caoimhes Breaking Balls scores 
Just came home from the zoo..... Early...... Cause nick's parents are here..... But now I want another beer 
not impressed. Exhausted. Strained arm and it woke me up every time I moved last night... 
@joypalmer Lol! &quot;accidentally&quot; ;-)  Trouble is, 1st class on the Transpennine trains isn't massively better than standard class 
Still waiting for the data! Left a vps tranferring.. 35000 files in 7 hours.. 50000 files to go! 
@ernmander Same here. I'm hoping to get out in it today, totally missed out yesterday  But first, I must do some work ... bah, pesky work
@StfuHoe i swear to god everyone is like Paired up and all lovey dovey, it makes me sick.. join the club on being single.. sucks 
Sat In The Libary at Schoool , And Its Cold!!!  .... Help!
@thelemic Same 
@revjesse How's the diabetes testing going?  Glimpsed that you were having difficulties yesterday 
Just woke up from a horrible nightmare :-&quot;( it felt too real I'm Scared to sleep now 
Traffffffiiiiiic  and apparently rain on site. Double 
&quot;Helpful&quot; neighbours just moveed down all of my radishes and green bean plants 
missing my boy...its nearly his 6th bday and where am i? Bloody nowhere...nothing much has changed in my life 
Greed was her undoing.. 
Just woken up - yawn. Bit of stretching, licking my paws, barking at @cebraonline.. not good. She's moody cos she has 2 wait 4 couriers 
Exhausted, trying to work more efficiently and prioritise better. Drowning in stuff I must do. I can feel a weekend of work ahead of me 
thinks its overdue for bed time, and its only 8.40pm  Tired.
@LizeeH @SimpleCake I know!! Bit of a way until I reach you though ;) It's your fault I'm obessed with twitter anyway  (L)
@kevglobal Searching http://www.bbc.co.uk/foi - which is where one might expect to see it. Closest I get so far:  http://bit.ly/18JVCN 
Fire in the shit chip shop next door. Brilliant. Standing outside in case it spreads 
@cjwilliams1975 Swells! 
@Sazzle_Bags any job that the employer thinks i can do lol really though in the past 2 1/2 weeks i have applied for 73 jobs 
I'm still in the office. Overtime again. 
Burned my finger with hair straightener.  It hurts. 
another hot, sleepless night.  Miserable without A/C 
found the Purse Ring.still feeling down becuz im low in moolah... 
@DJIronik Ahhh I got given a leaflet for that in hackney last week. Gutted I cant gooo  xx
frustrated by dodgy database through firefox over vnc session in australia. Slow and prone to crashing 
Wish I had something to play my dad's old Clash LPs on  I'll listen to Simple Plan instead 
@spoiled_sugar because the &quot;love&quot; is gone!! out the window/Gone bye-bye! LOL 
At home, bored.  Waiting for Akasuki to come home. 
So, 4 Slim Fast bars and 5.5 hours of sleep later, here I am. Home from work and waiting for the next word of when the funeral is. 
is sad that Swells has died  Another childhood idol gone. http://bit.ly/16tcNS
From the seller's side. Notice something? A distinct lack of buyers. Quiet is insufficient a term for today.  http://mypict.me/5zBx
Free cross-browser/cross-platform testing with https://browserlab.adobe.com/ . Unfortunately couldn't register 
@officialTila where's my candy  False promises hurt
Working outside in the sun on the wooden frames of the windows; new silicon filling needed. Cracked 1 window due to heat stress 
Same procedure every day - sitting in my office 
#lions #rugby bench: ROG, Sheridaaan (need a reinforced bench), AWJ, Nugget, Hellish and the 2008 World Player of the Year 
@hannah_burton Job Hunting is extremely tedious 
Just found out that High Heels are bad for my age!  guess I better buy slipz not High heels!  have to wait till im about 14-15 or 16!
Pause beendet 
Stuck in traffic...boo! 
Knocked a Protein drink into me. Now for lunch then back to the grind of work 
@georgesampson You were amazing last night! Gutted i couldnt come to the stage door tho  ly x x x
Naked without sunglasses 
Fed up of refreshing various sites. I'm switching PC off. Important stuff about #saintsfc only happens when I'm not looking anyway. 
@Herring1967 re Swells - fuck me no 
W00t!! O2 just did me a deal on the upgrade. Epic win. Downside is i don't get the handset till tomorrow 
Mass Effect Galaxy is.....yea. 
@sarahG Ill have to get her volunteering for mattian! It does look like things wont get better for at least another year financially now 
Opps I over slept rushing to work 
up bright and early.. Getting coffe from lisa... Free coffee = so happy lol. Study study study timeee   Then packing&amp; italy tonighttt 
Lack of sleep catching up with me.  I thought I would be alright up till lunch. 
Torn up about friend who disabled facebook acct. He was always there. I miss him. 
@therealpnut Same here! I hope I can when I get back home but probably not. 
@mattian that's for two tyres. Sharp objects in both fronts! Shredded the front left on the way into work. Sucks to have big tyres 
@tgi_june So wish I could come! Dying to go 
Today will be a boring day I just know it! Cause both my dad and mom is working so there'll be no ride to go shopping or something. 
Difficult to focus on work - vaca starts tomorrow @ noon... too bad the forecast is all rain so far 
Stuck at work  makes me a dull boy lol and it's so sunny out side http://twitpic.com/8d8iu
I am counting my new gray hairs.Everyday there is a new one.I am only 26 for gods sake!  When did i get old 
Never been so tired before  took three ten minute naps and I decided not to shower it's not like I smell. Changing then camp....  &lt;/3
Total voodoo prayer fail. Crying baby in seat next to me 
@ashleysthompson I totally didn't get 2 watch. And I probably won't today either.  I'm losing bad in our pool. Quick--tell me who 2 pick!
@saintee1 Same here; work's done, but I can't leave til 4 
@jossmonson is that your hometown? Saw his story on the news, it made so so sad.  Praying for them.
I wish my work schedule would let me go to Ship this year. I'm sorry, @lorelle13 and @drelive.. I suck 
Has eaten out so much this week. But just sonic... Disappointing tho. 
@MaryRincon its mystery disease, i'm negative for both swine and strep. Docs said to just stick it out 
@StephenLacy Payday tomorrow - think I'll be making a dental appointment.... 
Problem 1 I think I can work with. Problem 2, not so sure. 
Home with a belly ache 
9 Years.. wow 
Lesson learned, no more all nighters when i have to work 430 to 130 
back from school.. Hard day 
Afraid of what's gonna happen when Howard gets home. 
Another exciting game at the CWS -- but the ending was a dissappointment.   Better luck next year!
mouth is killing me  @ Home http://loopt.us/wTUEkQ.t
Spoke too soon. One surgeon in behind closed doors. I thought they were only going to look at my foot and not chop chunks out of it 
Made it to the treadmill and I still fell like curling up and falling asleep! No nap today  We have Aquatic Preschool grad to attend.
My Record   http://bit.ly/16FjE9
That was a mission. Hating the emptiness of my room 
misses the Clear lane at the airport. 
Jury duty  hope its at least a good case!
fudding hell, surprise news from Fighting With Wire is genuinely surprising...bit shocked, and sad...was so looking forward to their set 
@xianvox Disturbing indeed that some people still go to that event even though they're aware of  that person's reputation. 
Loss on my BIDU Short  Stopped out
Whole day off, paralyzed by too many choices for activities and figuring out how to balance what I need to do vs. what I want to do.  
Why, oh why does it have to be sooo hot? Disappearing into a pool of salty water I have thus far generated. 
Oh I shall spend my glorious day off basking in the glow of re-reading Questionable Content from the start. 5 comics a week is not enough 
Exhausted and really don't want to go to work this afternoon...... 
Annoyed thet my blog won't allow me to export blogML because it's broken 
Real tired after today's fiasco .... the joys of living beside idiots. 
@jenniferrooney   Honesty is good. That's a big step for you. I need to get a bike so we can start riding.  Lunch/dinner again soon?
@bythewei Everyday I get squashed in this train. 
Full of cold and absolutley shattered-not a good combination 
 Free Movie was sold out...wtf?
@benlimphoto I am in shah alam.  Far dude 
currently at dancing. Waiting for class to start and really tired 
Sex drives in most men start dwindling away at 19, while for women 35 
@Malcmail Afraid the lady is dragging me to a pub quiz tonight. It just won't be thursday without my KZ sesh. 
Holy crap. End of the month paperwork is such a hassle 
@eczemasupport I know. Torture having all three 
is looking forward to the weekend, even though I have to slave away in the heat to get my yardwork done   The Proposal tonight, yay!
Entire body aches like shit from 3 hrs of badminton! 
Dark clouds. Loud thunder. Heavy rain. I'm off computer. Doing paper work. 
Home. Really hot, reallly tired 
Burned myself while cooking - yey. Only reason I don't like cooking with cast iron. 
@averygoodyear I know.  Mine go through bouts of it too, few days here and there. Never know what it was. Drives me bonkers. Hugs.
Shits. Restart ang pc.  buffer again!
@MojoLabs Did you send my drive ?Cause I still didn't receive it yet 
Forecast said it would be cloudy only but it's pouring over here!  And there are no rubber boots here to go splashing in puddles.
@partywithneha ohh yea...Everyone enjoys Voyeurism...those who say no are simply lying.... ;-)  but u didnt give me updates yaar.... 
@streetlevelfoto dude i agree totally Re: not liking it 
Couldn't get out of bed this morning to work out  Feeling Guilty
Waiting for the first Nuke. 
Just got off the phone with the mechanic. Starter alone is $300, then plus labor... I am screwed. 
still at work, meeting... Boring! 
I need my daily waaalk aint bitchin faair  I'm eatin, I'm stuffin my face, I'm overdosin on sweets what more do I have to doo! Bloody hell
Note to self, turn phone off when going out to drink. Drunk texting is not cute 
@VSaharya There's no possible way of doing it without a Jailbreak, unfortunately 
@iEllie Hiring on with the state can be a SLOOOOW process anyway, and the budget only makes it worse.  
Dream: I was having an argument and losing 
wow has the day started shitty! Behind at work, manager a no show, tired, and got some sad news 
All is not well in Jailbreakland, apparently I shouldn't have installed Icy! 
Alone tonight... 
Rest in peace farrah. You will be missed more than you know. 
Rest in peace farrah. 
Saw the second episode of Six Feet Under season 2 last night. The ending was heartbreaking. 
Rest in peace, farrah fawcet 
Tempted to completely wipe my iPhone, i just dont want to loose all those texts 
@SandyPaws That makes sense. The Waiting Game. 
Home alone :/ im always such a loner 
Easy Rider till I fall asleep 
the cars in Fast and Furious get me excited 
Proud future member of the R.B. 
Your Following for a Reason.....  www.facesbyrozzj.com
@point_moot Odd, I was just listening to the scotch_mist version of &quot;15 Step&quot; when you replied. 
Gratitude is a great multiplier. Giving thanks and appreciating all we have opens doors for us to have more. 
@geekmp3 I can, I just have to convince a friend to go with me to sign the paper.   I don't think it's Ultimate or anything fancy, though.
Late night shower. Refreshing 
@mydesire I saw that earlier on Darker Sights/Sounds. I subscribe to that blog in my google reader.  Yummmminesssssss.
@ninjen G'Night, youngster. Rest well. 
It's a sunny day today! This spells sweat hell if I go out for tennis. Overweight and out of shape and I'm about to run around an hour! 
@jcrillz so's the real Common these days... 
@hellobebe I also send some updates in plurk but i upload photos on twitter!  you didnt see any of my updates on plurk? Zero? 
@lordshaper baited breath, huh?    I hope we can't maintain those expectations!  Shooting for an update this weekend.  keep u posted!
Sitting at his mom's work.  Craving tea.
@MommyBrain Safe travels and congrats on the new move 
@larry_david your material is inventive, intelligent and absolutely HILARIOUS --&gt; can't wait for the new season of Curb 
Last call soon! Slow night 
@icywings11 Just downloading it now Icy,will let you know what i think when i watch it 
@snake66 hehe  I knew someone would do the deaf joke :oP  Catch you later hun 
@mark_henry You should so do the RB bundle, dude. You're bound to get a gig as a backup Temptation 
@bunyan71 Quick question who is the female singer? 
@kari_shma http://www.pharmaeffects.com/2008/12/red-bull-the-risks-and-side-effects/ this link is for you. Mind checking it out a bit? 
Wow...awesome night! Posted my first website!  Small steps, but progress nonetheless.
Morning All.  Reading the Secret and it Works 
Ugh shaney not shandy silly predicitve text. Foe the record I don't like shandys but I like shaney 
@notytony Footage, yes. Slip of the pun, I think. 
Panic... and I'm not at the disco... well... as much of a panic as one can have when one is fairly chilled out! 
@ginovalenciano YES!!  It was opening day at the stadium and man was it a glorious sea of red   3-0 Victory!
@mileycyrus: oh...my gosh I can't stop singing &quot;The Climb &quot; it's  such a lovely songxx   from laus in england.
Rise and Shine..... 
@billgates home premium  but i still think it should be called just &quot;Home&quot;
@katiepiatt Re; Car parking - I'm not sure your hat is working 
home Housework tackled now bed And zzzz 
@ingridk me too-with Neighbours and Home&amp;Away.. but always thought it a bit odd 
@wbaustin  I would love for you to download my cd, &quot;bend&quot;, for $4 @ http://www.jennifervazquez.com/products.htm  Promise you'll luv it! 
The Contrarian view on strategy  http://adcontrarian.blogspot.com/2009/04/im-tired-of-strategists.html
Morning, Just watching 90210 from last night. Waiting for a text from my friend! 
@carolw Misery loves company 
@mikeyway Liking it 
@rowanberry  ohhh sending loads of Positive vibes your way 
Caffeinated and happy   
Busy times at Elstree Studios. New arrivals include, Murderland, Secret Diary of a call girl - Re-uniting the Rubins - Huge - Sainsburys 
Pardon my outburst. I'm just amazed at how wonderful my psp is 
@ShannonOKeeffe It shouldn't be your destination 4 your vacation, when you live the life of your dreams U live in the &quot;Land of Success&quot; 
@NEONCON Mind you, they've got to have some balls to make an announcement like that and think it'll be accepted. Fupid stuckwits 
@karmadillo Thanks  @juliankimmings sorted me out. A conversation sometime would be nice  Drowning in a funding application this week.
@StevenRosenbaum Politically, Economically, And now I make &quot;Noise&quot; when I move 
We are putting up the stages! Screens and lights are already there 
@KateHolden At work, not really got a lot on at the mo. Quick tweet whenever I can 
@MegsEggs Yes! Positivity is an excellent thing! 
@Iconic88 it's a pleasure 
@mandyjwatson Brilliant. Nanoblogging 
@CrazyMikesapps Oh? A song? Coolness! 
@normaltusker do u know from where it has been lifted or rather &quot;Inspired&quot;? 
Tired today - drunk husband to be rolled in at 1am with bunch friends for another drink! Noisy lot 
Is having antitrust training. Important...  But so exciting... 
has now one thousand #Speed-Dating fans in its database. Yeesss.. 
Morning Question: Next WoW Expansion.. Maelstrom or Emerald Dream? I am also indeed a lore nerd, so I look forward to why you think so. 
GM, Segway To Unveil New Two-Wheeled Urban Vehicle - http://tinyurl.com/cbqzjj (luks like BMC dustbin with wheels)  
@mattmoo2 Hackers will always win!!  You can't fight what is ultimately going to happen!! #spbpc #spbpuk
Excited about our whizzy new graphic soon to appear on our website 
Listening to PontoonFace by Lady Gagging 
Ah, the national express train. Free wifi and in the quiet zone... 
The Real World: Brooklyn 
I'm just two emails away from Inbox Zero. Tempted to hide them away, but am determined to do it properly just once in my life 
@RedDotRedState  Alive and well, behind every corner 
@iLoveTrance my #trancetuesday pick for the week is  @andyace | i like the harder side of uplifitng #trance must check out Force Factor
@Hip_M0M And to you, girl! How old? 
@bobbyllew That could have been embarrassing!  At least you remembered this time today and not this time tomorrow!   Small mercies!
@lesanto Smashing!  Relatedness to W&amp;G is taken into account when judging, but any stop-motion work is welcomed by the W&amp;G community 
Broken window fixed  What to have for lunch?
@hyperstruct more cool shell stuff  - Higher-order shell http://tr.im/in3W
@one800higgins @timebear I still think that seeing Battles at Milestone right after Mirrored came out was one of my top 5 shows EVER. 
@_kim_ber_ly_ Same to you! 
Fooling around with 1/2&quot; Cold Rolled today! Yay 
@Iconic88  Your welcome! 
@simultech yeah weird being off-line for so long. Assume world down under continues fine without me 
Revisited my love for the Zombies song The way I feel inside 
@LFTA LOL!!! I mean my whole world would crash if u pulled a &quot;Crying Game&quot; on me :/ hehehe. So what's ur fav. movie? 
I think that it is time for a morning cup of coffee, to start the day out right. Extra strong with two lumps please! 
Strong Winds, Lightning, Smashing doors and Heavy rains on the way for sure.. If you're in #cochin, and outside, better hurry up... 
Wants a passion tea lemonade. Extra lemonade 
@jackmcintyre You are welcome  I've also blogged on Tracked Tweets
@dandrago Thanks!  Same to you... 
Exiled the tweetdeck - about to enjoy some fresh fruit 
@TwoSeasideBabes *smiles* Thanks! It's always been one of my most popular. Afraid to list with better pictures 
Starts working at The Rage today!! So excited 
Filled in the application - see what happens  ww.5thgrader.com.au via @DHughesy
Filled in the application - see what happens  ww.5thgrader.com.au via @DHughesy
@kevinoshea Aim it in the middle, use the law of averages. 
Whipped ass  http://tinyurl.com/cfe2vs
Low on twitter today due to hard work on finishing the floor. Living and kitchen are ready (100m2). Now working on hall and bykitchten 
@mrskutcher watching Mortal Thoughts (1991) on Lifetime 
Doors....Dead Cats Dead rats....no we didnt getting our name from there 
I'm a circus act these days.  Juggling it all!  Beats having nothing to juggle at all.  
@caitlinh38 Caution: It can be addictive 
@javastix Random there sweetheart but i am thinking dammit why is the price always going up when i need gas lol hahaha  XX
In Lecture feeling the fruits of my labor. Lack of sleep is balanced by competitive energy. Winners win.  Caffeine dose soon 
Decided to have a go at T-Shirt design: http://twiddles.spreadshirt.net/ Feedback (and or course purchases) welcome! 
ohohohohoh i love this song deleriums Silence feat sarah mclachlan yeah  XX
@robblee that Bold rocking out there is it? 
@AVogel75 hey I never got back to you. I don't know is my answer. Erdrich plays daily with the people who would be in. Talk to him. 
@xxSelenaGomezxx well that sounds like a good day when  you get to work with your best Friend 
So tired. One more class this morning then Starbucks to do some studying. Home tomorrow!!! 
I looooove Ace of Cakes! Catching up on it at work 
@grubbs Careful, I'm @andy_denton's age!  I thought you were waaaay older than us  
@twittess eu voto Fake! 
Reserved the meeting room for SpaceCon I 
@abisignorelli @kirstysmac I'm going! Enough pressure already! 
@DjRioBlackwood Sleeping? how nice 
@ITVinsider Any news on Britain's Biggest Loser yet? Start date? 
Awake and headed to school. Should be a good day. 
@XxlADi_BlU3xX Matter fact? U should take 4 B...  I'm really lookin 2 c where this goes 2 ;)
@addictedpirates I like Bedtime Stories 
@michelleflores Been nice as always chatting with you.  Catch you later 
@jptoto Cause we don't have Gems 
Believers Never Die  going to soil science then doing a project.
Introduction to Augmented Reality  http://is.gd/raHD thank you gotoandlearn 
So, i think im the coolest kid on the bus. Why? Cause i sit next to the emergency exit!  http://tumblr.com/xtu1jv3pr
Tips... with a twist  Share &amp; earn! http://www.clicknewz.com/1888/
Laughter is the food of the soul, when i am with stellan i am never hungry...that is the best gift one person can give another, Laughter 
Re-pinging @hellamoet: @sbmczh like this? --- exactly like that 
@HolisticMamma thank you for the #Positive Tweeples  that made my day
lost 11.5 pounds for the Pound for Pound Challenge this year. I pledged 10!  http://www.pfpchallenge.com/
Thanks for those who did visit this link http://tinyurl.com/cao6ld Huge hug too you all! 
@nokemono42 lol...thank you!  ***sighs, I love Steeler Nation***
@mikeshapiro I believe I can set you up with a refill    Same kind, or something different?
@th_in_gs True - it was a very contrived example. 
@aarondhoffman Quiet you!  It is amazing that I can buy/read a book from my iphone...but the battery can't be removed. #technologyfail
Midterm grades were posted 5 days late. But it's all good. Wish me luck on my presentation/case analysis that is due tonight. 
Strange day so far... problems with a network load balancer, problems with checkout, and a big bug fix in checkout. and snow.. screw this 
Excited for after schoollll 
@jeromegn The RSpec Story Runner was the predecessor and has been deprecated in favor the much better Cucumber. Same idea, just better. 
@pevachon Quiet?  I can't quite see you being quiet...    That's a good thing though.
@daNanner Threats are unnecessary. 
IN: Re-learning command lines... 
@iamdiddy arent his creations Beautiful!! Apriciate is mostdef wut we all need to do more offten- tomrrow may be to late.  
@AMusings That's very true. Ladies often refer to me as Human Spanish Fly. 
You guys should tell your friends to follow me! I'll follow them back &lt;3 Spread the love! I'm tryin to get to 200 
I'm extremely surprised there's like 1000 people at the High right now! The Terracota exhibit is amazing and the jazz is cool 
Going to bed to relax with a good book.  If I'm lucky, I'll get at least one paragraph read before falling asleep!  Beautiful night. . .
@HolyGod   If you've got it, I need it, I'm not too proud to say it!  Laughter's essential.  usually needed most when it's hardest to do.
saw AC360. Two things: stop the bullying. Enough with the gay and racial slurs! Cut it out! Two, good to CNN not being a bad loser. 
@nick_carter Waiting in anticipation for your great joke.... I should be studying for a big exam I have tomorrow... Hurry 
Happiness is a choice.  
@Leveller thanks for the suggestions!  
excited that my daughter just signed her National Letter Of Intent to run Track and Field for UCR.... Not bad for a Jersey Girl... 
Free guitar classes  at http://tinyurl.com/dfa5ao
@codystaff Change your picture mate 
Home alone watching ncis 
@kcarpentier77 I am great  Playing some World Of Warcraft. I am in a dungeon healing a group right now  Keeping them all alive
@nick_carter Shuffled my ipod and got some Scandalicious blasting through my speakers 
Playing Splinter Cell Chaos Theory online with @reaktor . Just like old times   now to stop getting killed...
@emyalegre Same hear i don't want to sleep! 
@crimesinthemosh Things on my end are alright. Dealing with personal shit at the moment, but other than that, all good. 
@feliciaday Cheers on your writing!  Eagerly anticipating good stuff!    Eeep, I've got 40 days 'til deadline ... again ...
is of twitches to get her day started  Gone!
Its so niiiice outside! Perfect day for a picnic! 
Having some kind of creative trance at the moment. Listening music, writing and trying to ignore annoying relatives in the same room. 
Read information about Dog Food Dangers in my F.R.E.E ebook  http://www.petsuppliestoday...
Exhausted, up waaaay too late last night. But it was fun 
getting ready for the first day on the job!  and blogging about &quot;Rightwing Extremism&quot;
@tee_tha Belun. Save the best for last 
@suplada It's pretty good. Smoother and less bitter than the usual pale Pilsen. 
Beautiful day  lucky me gets to study... AFTER i get my hair done 
Heading out in this Beautiful weather to do yard work.. 
listening to music and reading An Abundance of Katherines... at work. 
Awake, feeling again like someone beat me up. Getting ready to perform for Fling on the lower quad stage 
Update on At&amp;T U-Verse Onsite guy was supposed to show up at noon yesterday, calls @ 5pm. FAIL! What they don't know, I fixed it myself 
listening to &quot;The Climb&quot; on my SugarLoot profile 
The Chain Trifecta... enjoy  off to the gym x ? http://blip.fm/~4j6pm
@IsThatHer it was comedy though!! LOL. True entertainment. At its finest! @angiemartinez @TiffTheStylist 
So far only one follower? C'mon i want an extra 100 by midnite. Ill do a dare if i get the extra lol go on u know u want to 
Discussing music with someone and playing Broken Strings on guitar 
@twinkleboi Bragging again 
@imrananwar Correct, my friend. Ocean is ocean. Accept no substitutes 
@MaryWilhite very impressive following - are they all employees?  Advice Tweeters - follow Mary!
Spending the day with the boys. It has been a long week and they need some undivided attention  Play day!
@girl2008 Artfire? Slow, but I just had a sale. I'm hopeful. 
Note to self: Save money by not spending it. 
NotThat'Nilla making croissants, coffee and eggs. Naked. 
Snapped a string on my Epiphone SG Custom. Trip to the guitar shop woohoo! 
I'm overly warm and covered in paint. Perfect DIY weather 
is having a rather slow evening. Perfect for some R&amp;R. 
When you buy Blasted Mechanism CD, you can use the cd symbols to enter their website and play with Augmented Reality   http://tr.im/j7vy
Rocked the party at Hardys! 
Toddler tip: Save all your jar lids. Million different ways for them to play with those lovely, jingly things. 
Cleaning the kitchen then making breakfast! Excited for next weekend, family is coming to visit! 
@mkinyon perfect, and an instant scratch off once it's written down. Brilliant! 
Gone to watch the mets gamee  lets see how amazin this new stadium is..or field since its called citifield now..lol
@firsttiger Real phone? i just read your blog on phones - they are not phones anymore 
but I met Lula and I LOVE HER!!! Fierce  xo
Crash on bridge in Kingston. Waiting to catch train to the other side. Probably get a parking fine now. BOLLOCKS. Sun's shining though 
Ah. Dream of william while you sleep... I did.       
@kdeezy Perfect day for it, no? 
@heidimontag  heidiii, i love your new single Blackout--amazing! I think you dress amazinggg im so jealous haha. please answer something 
Quote o'the day: &quot;The spaces between your fingers were created so that another's could fill them in.&quot;    Unknown
@buzzfly He's one of those to study. Brilliant. xoxo 
@hungerfighter Thanks my friend!  Low key this year no limos at all 
Settled for Kalpaka - A Malabar restaurant...there are flouroscent lights all around  This should be fun 
Knit or Spin? Decisions 
how do hospitals cut back on oral supplements waste?? Share your thoughts!! email jennifer.westerkamp@gmail.com with cost-saving ideas 
Listening to Intervention EP by The Color Fred 
Caught 3 nice rainbows and 1 brownie ( I let her go). Trout..... It's what's for dinner. 
@Blondilucious &quot;Re-tweet's change Lives&quot; &lt;---- LoL... I just had to say something epic!  have a great day!
*sipping on Southern Comfort* Gods, I love this stuff. 
Pursuing a new business venture. Nervous and excited. 
getting ready to leave for Tally to see How To Be, all for the rpattz 
@MightySquid come visit me with the dog and go on Patriot's Path here 
Promise me when you get the choice to sit it out or dance... I hope you dance 
http://twitpic.com/3j4sy - The Truth. 
If you haven't read the book &quot;The Outsider&quot; You should really check it out!!!!! It may be a old book but I think its really good!!!!!!! 
@tesa212 Your answer was vanadis. Close, but not quite! give it another shot 
Beautiful day here!  Hybrid car, battery powered lawn mower, what's next? solar powered clothes dryer? 
Pumped for the fights tonite w my love 
Looking forward to a nice hot meal, couple of beers and series 2 of the wire. Rest of the world can go to hell 
Satisfying day .... garden shed cleared, sorted &amp; tidied - can now move in it, and find stuff. Bonus! Stack of rubbish to be (f)recycled 
@AlainaFrederick that link took me to a Lesson, no giveaway 
Hype for tonight. 
can't wait till The Proposal comes out! i love chick flicks 
@ericbuterbaugh Beautiful pic, as always. 
I cant really explain how much I love Sex and the city 
@Daily_Pinch ~the &quot;Unpaid &quot; Domestic Goddess  
@TheNanny612 - same thing.  Uncontrollable giggling, for an inappropriate reason at an inappropriate time.  
My 17 year old is driving me crazy!  Teenage boys...ugh.  
@howlabit Change of plans. Or maybe they shouldn't be called 'plans' per se... maybe closer to whims  
http://twitpic.com/3jqqq - Ubiquitous port erin sunset shot  - first of this summer
At the house back to work... Beautiful day outside 
listening to &quot;Grapevine Fires&quot; by Death Cab for Cutie while i work. lovely! 
@NickCannon4Real Lunges,  but if your feeling a little lazy then I'd recommend leg curls  and leg presses because you get to sit down 
False friends..!!! =( But the friendship exists..!! 
I'm Watching Disneys Cinderella, I Guilty Pleasure Of Mine 
Inside coachella. Success!  can't wait for thievery corp, gang gang dance, mia, chemical brothers...
Deviant art account coming soon 
@mindy333 Isn't Chalean Extreme a great workout? What phase are you in? I'm on my 3rd week of Burn. 
http://twitpic.com/3jtnk - Mission buy new heals? Success  they're prefect
17 again later! Push Play &amp; Tiffany Giardina tomorrow! 
Catering at opus one winery then party at heathers. Home late 
Secret's out: im gonna be an aunt on december 7th 
Watching The Notebook 
Walking Dead #60, muito bom! 
Just saw Into the Wild - what a great movie, and what a great sound track. Feeling super sentimental now... but in a good way 
Free trolley rides this weekend 
@taylorswift13 True love gives us hope.To find that 1 person who will always be there for you, no matter what. You'll find him, I promise 
Single &amp; i found somone 
@TheyCallMeS hey... nice looking website you've got there! I wonder who put together that custom WordPress Theme for you. 
Once again i'm sorry, and if I could interview you Ill come out from rancho mirage. either way ill make good for you tonight. 
@mcraddictal haha i thought that it was so tired but its fun!  wow Story Of The Year,thx 4 ur suggestions!im goin to find&amp;download it lol
@OkAvonLady Your answer was twit4trivia to @mrtweet 'fun trivia quizzes' http://cli.gs/17zjn0. Close, but not quite! give it another shot 
Tip-a-cop  then graveyard shift!!
@iversecomics @mikecane It's kinda obvious. They can't, at this point, change the resolution or LOTS of Apps would break. Limits the size 
@Escape_my_fate lmao  i'll put a picture up tomorrow 
Showered and in jammies after a long day cleaning and organizing.... very sad day but spent w/ close family &amp; friends made it better! 
Run was good. Heading off to Aids Thrift to find unique vase and maybe some new wine glasses. Reduce, Reuse, Recycle. 
Perfect weather...perfect cup of afternoon coffee...*sigh* 
@Rachealblack110 If by Mindless Self Indulgence 
@Hyper8 hi there, not sure if I said this yet but ty for the follow 
@salspizza Problem is if i start  there wil be no beach walk tomorrow LOL
Reason show will be crazy tonight 
A nice 73 degrees out  Listening to the geese and ducks.
Powerful song, beautifully sung --&gt; @rachaelpachel  ....my song about cancer, http://rachaelchatoor.com/S... 
@mr2020 we even have the same Affirmation/Mantra (I a Healthy, I am Strong) now that's just plain interesting 
@epicpetwars are you going to make more points app in the appstore? I think 800 Respect points for $30 or $35 would be perfect 
http://tinyurl.com/dmq7gp Vote  *new video is up*
Would love a nap now. But if I take one I may find it hard to move when I get up :-/ But Exhausted is a good feeling 
@jennettemccurdy So Close is a pretty amazing song, are more coming?! 
Nudge yourself beans  I love you!
@forces2 No! Easy concept, eugenics. Just think... Nazi breeding programme. 
@motherfuckinwar Impatient one aren't u?The convention's for another 4.5 hours 
is watching Burn After Reading with @alkane22 while doing pledge trainer things. 
In a cab going home...  almost close ... Near yankee!
Feeding my greedy ray of Sonshine 
I've been craigslisting it. Onward &amp; upward with the apt search. 
Viens de revoir  &quot;Death Proof&quot;, j'adore Tarentino 
@parakeetluvr *Waving back* No need to be shy! 
Impromptu party. Modest mouse and beer. 
@billbeckett The Living End are awesome full stop. 
Re-pinging @IEatJews4breakfast: @SteveAZ oh yes he does! ---then I like him even more !!  
Watching Death At A Funeral with my mum. 
Nun your business; that was divinely inspired 
@RubyH thankie! Ill check it out later 
Machan - the movie is actually pretty cute.  Recommended 
@taylorswift13 True love gives us hope.To find that 1 person who will always be there for you, no matter what. You'll find him, I promise 
blasting the Across the Universe soundtrack 
Addicted to twitter ! 
Time to Ship Ship Ship Stores!!  A lot of stores to ship next week!  Prod. coming in   A good thing
I heard the FAME East was amazing.  Congratulations to all the athletes.  &amp; trainers.  Thank you all for Inspiring Body Proud!  
@JulieAnnStorr &quot;Change is made by asking forgiveness later.&quot; never been much of a permission asker myself 
is loving the Zombie movie marathon on TV right now!!!!!&gt;Land Of the Dead 
Staying up late playing Greedy....and beating Winter  
Off to do my Visa for KSA...Always a treat..different every time!! like home made beer!!!  Kids are up,.Laughing and Playing w/ cousins 
@xoXxXkittyXxXox  tz12895's had the best series ever and i been reading Not your enemy, Secrets, Untouchable  a lot
Just finished foraging at Whole Foods - I'm making _amazing_ museli where I know all the ingredients and none of them are gluten 
Alcohol for the jaw, ice packs for the pussy, soda for the throat. Rough sex, blowjobs, and choking #twittersex 
@joelcomm Looks good Personal and yet professional I was lucky my wife @pambrossman does them and you could say I got it done in-house 
@donnajfox whoops just noticed u signed off short time ago. Catch u later &amp; hope u rest well. Always nice connecting. 
Change of plans--&gt;Clubbin up in Prime. 
@LeeAnnPrice Close your eyes, touch your heart, speak to him. Could be important.  Bless you.
@cdonough I'm thinking pretty much forever. Selling one's self is apparently, HILARIOUS. 
Re-pinging @asexynyfemale: @MeGaBoAsT smile boo???? smiling now  I just bored need to do something
Thats makes me sad @moriah_lynn Ill see them sometime 
The 'caps seem really colourful, but didn't play the colour! Honest!! 
Success! 
Home from work. Tired but in that good way.  hope everyones saturday was good.
@ChrisEYB I have been sick all day and &quot;Name Dropping&quot; has just made my night 
Just finished &quot;Bedtime Stories&quot; and it was adorable  I need to start renting movies more often!
Finished reading 6 more chapters of &quot;The Host&quot; and now I'm going to sleeeeep.  Work tomorrow. 12 to 8:30. Hot Topic/Hulen Mall. Be there. 
Going to sleep. Listening to most of my favorite songs. Soothing  night world.
came home from my aunties today   alssssssssssso. got Eclipse + Breaking Dawn
@ajkeen I was never more serious than when I wrote that. Divorce fuel, thy name is facebook. 
@amber_benson They're awesome words  I like the words Skeletal and Idiosyncrasy.
decided to watch The Corpse Bride... but then I went and played WoW. 
working on &quot;Table of Glory ???: after 10 episodes&quot; now! hope it'll be out soon!!! 
is watching Dawn of the Dead 
I'm seriously really tired. Lots of fun today, but also a lot of work done. Victory! 
http://www.angelafrance.com/images/art/PHOTOS/CIMG0930.JPG  Over lit on purpose thoughts?!   Beauty near me felt like capturing it.
Really needs to write in her go journal. But cant. Ill save that for monday. I wish i was somewhere else. Away. Far away.   I  could t ...
@sharonRPI Cause birds love you. 
@KarthigeyanBS Still interesting though  Normal driving conditions all the time gets a bit boring. That's just my opinion anyway.
Just joined the NRA! Excited for my shooter's cap, card &amp; decal! 
I'm watching Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind right now AND I am one away from 200 followers!  -... http://tumblr.com/xft1m70u3
I'm watching Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind right now AND I am one away from 200 followers!  -... http://tumblr.com/xft1m71gr
@deplorableword Quite a co-incidence, I'm watching Dead Set as we speak 
@HungyCaterpilar I already texted mine and asked if I can do that to our house, he said &quot;If you pay for it.&quot; Score. 
@McLarenFan_Blog mot people (ITV) jumped on the Rain Master tag way to easily. Vettel Wins 
@MariahCarey Fly like a bird!  love that one!
@TonyCDKelly Rest when dead! 
@Dits Lol. I'm in the Free Realms beta as well! 
@Ollie_R Happy to help out  Here's a list of Advanced Gmail Search Operators: http://bit.ly/F1Eq
@MariahCarey Underneath the Stars! 
Quick visit, morning all, just off down to the beach, lovely sun and temp up to 22oC already! Speak later 
Beautiful morning here too  Ahh I love sundays
@IlanRubin The IT Crowd 
Portable cd player decided to give up the ghost just days before our holiday  Frantic search on amazon last night for replacement 
@RealJudgeJules Track names 
Beautiful day, had a bike ride now waiting to go to my dads 
@Airbase I have some IDs for your Trance.Nu Feature guestmix. 
Sunny and I'm going to work, haha! Typical, ohwell, it's money 
@Amy_Danger I agree  Benefits: Workers would be more comfortable, more relaxed, happier and therefore more productive.
Abundant sunshine and temps in the 60's is forecast for today  Planning to see &quot;State of Play&quot; and work on the lawn/gardens. TTY later !
Awake hope everyone is having a really good day\night 
Last day of the Addicted video shoot!!! On may way to set 
Frazzi is on her way here and we'll edit our Piercing-Shopping List  hope I get my industrial done soon...
FlashFan my new Tegaki BF  / Home Alone &gt;3 / Drawing &lt;3
@MrTweet Re: &quot; . . . roughly 8.2 days to be ready . . . and we are working hard to speed things up!&quot; No rush 
Vote for Rove for this years logie. 
@Hyper8 5 shirts will probably take me the rest of the day. So wouldn't hold out much hope 
Running the Run as One n Central Prk this morning:1 Complete Burn, ChocoMRP w/banana omegas for my knees &amp; Ipod 
@marcus1812 @marcus1812 yakerella is mozzerella made with cheese from yaks. Strange, I know! 
@marcus1812 yakerella is mozzerella made with cheese from yaks. Strange, I know! 
&quot;I know alot about computers; sending e-mails, recieving e-mails, deleting e-mails...I could go on&quot;. The IT Crowd cheers me up everytime 
Awake Asleep Awake Asleep. I really wish my body would have picked one. That or a certain someone could have spent the night 
Longest sound check ever... So long that I have time to type this, on stage. 
Stuck in the office on a pretty darned nice day, looking forward to my 8 dates off work 
@Eat_Real you call him an eating machine! hehehe I will be delighted to have you over 
my leg is tired, I'm so tired but it paid off when I saw his smile  Wide as ever! Sweeter than sugar!! Surprise  N that is for you! ILY!
@malesejow Your 25th Follower 
@ToddBrink @SnarkySabs  I had to play Fast Car twice this am 
yaaay, Home Alone this afternoon...now, what mischief can I get up to...I refuse to grow up and act mature 
@DianeDenmark Polished halo -THAT'S where that light source is coming from!  
Study skills overall was really helpful but also exhausting. Cheer today was also equally as exhausting. Worth it though 
Recommended @sarahprout to @MrTweet 'She is genius! Helpful and friendly too!  #sproutamillion' http://cli.gs/anP2uJ
leest &quot;Movie Trailers - Food, Inc.&quot; - Interesting!  ( http://tinyurl.com/d9cmmv )
'mewithoutYou - It's All Crazy! It's All False! It's All A Dream!' ....can't dangum wait for it. 
@j_landry He should! And I can't believe how many references I've heard lately to Field of Dreams! 
@devilskitchen  Overall it's a nice  re-design. Cooler, more sophisticated. I've left a critique in comments - natch 
Gone out for a drive to badbury rings on this gorgeous day 
@treasurefield A former assistant used to mock my optimism by calling me 'Field of Dreams' It was goodnatured ribbing though 
Lush lunch of salad from the garden...the greenflies were good extra protein  Beating the credit crunch!
Writing an article about Movers and shakers; fascinating people 
Membership sunday at relevant church... Exciting day!  Growing every day 
Track time again.   2:05?
Thanks for your Kindness 
Peaceful and sunny 
@enterthehaggis *snort*  Brilliant.  
On-the-fly sessions keep flying in. The count is at 17. Panic in the organisation? Not at all: it's self-organising  W
The eagle has landed!  Victory!!!!! http://twitpic.com/3ledk
Tip one of the day.... Shoes can change any outfit. 
Beautiful day out there today. Winds 5-10mph...blue skies... time to skydive. 
@ian_watkins Suits you sir 
loves the Falling In Love video  Better in High Quality xD
@lorenita327 Sweat it out!  
Excited for friends sons bday party today 
@SomeGuyNamedBut I'm in long island! Same state 
Awake now and gonna ride some rides. hit me up if you wanna chat 
Another day of Drill.  I am looking forward to the future. 
Home again 
@wildpeeta Are you Serious Or just joking, LoL 
@D4Dangerous  thanks for having my back yo.  
@Marjolijn precies! Simple as that dus 
Making muffins and coffee.  Strong coffee. 
@thewiseoldowl  .. &quot;Balance&quot;, Mine r tattooed on my arm .. Mind, Body, Spirit. When these 3 r in &quot;Balance&quot; . I'm at my peak performance 
@vbright Rest well. 
#asot400 IF I fall asleep my alarm clock goes off juist before asot001 Safe 
@kissmybook What is a JTR best friender? Curious? 
Hoping for Dunkin Dounuts  Doubtful but stilllll I want my gosh darn hot chocolateeee
aah.. work is soo boring...anyone out there who's got an idea for making my Future more Interesting?? 
Excited for some muffins this morning  Not nearly as excited for all the homework that awaits me after such a yummy breakfast.
@IndulgeaLittle Free candles?? some ppl have all the luck...I love candles 
@enantiomorph i am lazy too..lol just watching Prison Break right now 
hi @Wftd_Lax ! I would suggest music of my electro project *** http://bit.ly/Nos9D *** free download &amp; have fun  cheers
This one was a different for me  Unusual but I love it!http://www.etsy.com/view_listing.php?listing_id=23798542
I have am a text Illiterate here what I know lol = laugh out loud, U = you,  happy face, @ = at, 2 = to, too &amp; two, 4 = for, or four
@aeroplaneblondi I fundraise for Cancer Research Uk..it is about that mostly. Think he has a few random questions for me too though. Fun! 
@ihospitality Thanks  I have spoken to #nokia about simplifying it for Nseries users. Goal this wk is talking/meeting up with you
@pluincee haven't you read my bio on this? &quot;Full-time procrastinator and thoroughly enjoying it&quot; lol 
http://twitpic.com/3ljni - Home now 
Left right shoulder shoulder breast breast lol 
@madly59 Your answer was 1957. Close, but not quite! give it another shot 
@mclanea I knew there would be a donut eaten at some point today!  Relieved to know its you and not impostors! Have a glorious day! 
@adthrelfall depends on the definition of wealth&amp;success-people on that list are rich in my eyes.Admire traditional wealth creation too 
@MassQT101 Your answer was lake placid?. Close, but not quite! give it another shot 
Shift over. Ice cold shower  now sat in the sun drying off. But has much work work work to get through, before tomorrow morning.
@ClaudiaWinkle Dare you to give the hair a ruffle tonight 
@JofArnold Excellent  poke me at Seedcamp tomorrow,  and we can get a coffee and catch-up! Excited to hear more about your venture(s)!!
@ian_watkins Proper chatterbox today aintcha 
@ruthseeley Ah, but your a literary person. We scientists take a little longer to get the subtler messages  (Re: Nation - a second read)
Crafting Crafting all thru the day! 
Slow day today almost off 
@BrendanDeBeasi The dark stroke defines it much better..nice work. Unusual icon overlay effect in tweetdeck when you mouse over your icon 
fabulous walk for MS. Beautiful day! Enjoying the rest of my weekend, as you should be too 
@DionRodrigues Hold on, urgent news for Dion: Turns out, I don't really care 
@LexiePixie Easy as pie, my love. But then, I've been doing this a very long time already.  Practice darling, practice.
Heavy eyelids...time for sleepy byes. Into bed I will climb. And sleep in I shall! 
@groovyyaknow Calm I can do!  Thanks for the IAOK.... 
Stoked for shopping and my three kittens today.  xx
I've been in the same seat all 4 legs of this trip. Seat 2A, both an aisle and a window seat at the same time. It's growing on me  #delta
@PhilAlbinus Hide them at the office. 
Free hugs to anyone who follows me or helps me get followers between 900 and 1000! 
@Disoriented I agree the wire is what started it all for me  but I was a little disapponted with the end of generation kill!
@arvindvm oh that sounds wonderful! Uniting dogs &amp; people all over the world  pics to be posted as the chaos ensues...
Just finished watching Death Note Rewrite: Genshi Suru Kami 
Re-pinging @bigworm92: @SteveAZ she's still under the covers. ------suuuuure... 
The Boss always makes me feel better  &quot;I'm dying for some action I'm sick of sitting round here trying to write this book...&quot;
@penwing I'm intrigued by the last one most (Myth-Understandings), but then, it's you reading. 
@artyjill little happy pillow up on my site, larger one going in tomorrow! Friend invasion halted progress 
@MinaMeow Naked and glasses is a very sexy look. 
At Friendly's eating ice cream with my mom and my niece 
My friend matt is building a skateboard ramp... Perfect for summer and almost done   http://twitpic.com/3lssc
I'm goign to watch Hide and Seek with mom  Scary movies are funnnnn 
@GregCarter True, but since I have a lot more prose than comics these days it might be perfect for me since I'm now free that weekend. 
watching Storm Stories; haha! 
@LebenOjanen Concentrate on the fun, let the failure go.  How's things? You've been quiet.
Stopped sulking. Practicing anger management whilst watching Dispatches: The Westminster Gravy Train 
@rhondapalooza  yeah, that's it.  I forgot the name.  He was so excited when he found it.  Cracked me up.
Daily High: fulfilled LOTS of tanners lotion needs!! Daily Low: NONE! 
Church was great, except for the sermon.  Teasing... good job @jurassicmark! Better then I thought you'd do.  Teasing...
@kaimac Quality eh  You wouldn't believe how many women he attracted dressed like that!
@quartetship! Emotional blackmail! But, I will anyway. 
@mactavish Thanks for the suggestion and the compliment! Showing off my new glasses after years of just contacts 
I feel all prepared for this week. I organized, made lists, &amp; set some goals for the week. Rest up twits. It's gonna be a great one! 
@DerekinPA hahaha yeaaa thats a good one...Notebook too! 
@the_real_vnutz I don't mind at all. Random followers are like the ppl that listen to you talk on your cell phone but pretend they aren't 
Just finished downloading Door to Door. I'm going to save it for tomorrow in between classes so I have an excuse to put off studying. 
sorry joe, i'm standin by paul weller  The Clash - Train In Vain ? http://blip.fm/~4mgcj
@Run4CureNF no problem i'm new 2.. lemme know if u need anything  http://tinyurl.com/ctase9
@overyy  Rest well! 
Feeding the stereotype that everyone in Oz knows each other 
Try Holy Cow! Serious Sauces! Introductory offer 99p in ASDA! Punch flavour into your meal tonight www.holycowfc.com 
@MiDesfileNegro I really feel sorry for you - I'm Ill and won't be going in trill tomorrow 
@AyumiDangerrr ahrggg. He knew my name... Cause my friends said it out loud. Omfg! xD good luck! 
@sovisch Succes 
@poohsuke It's still early spring time here &amp; nights are cold.  Low of 35F but a High of 63F forecast today.  I need more heat 
@mileycyrus Cheer up!  10 days will pass very quickly. I just completed 10 days in the States...missing it, but family presence is impt!
Fastest meeting ever: half an hour! Efficiency at last 
@Clarko Achievement Unlocked: &quot;Finding your Feminine Side&quot;  (iTunes: http://bit.ly/FlowerGarden)
9am. Official end of call and start of 'week' off 
Listening to A Camp &quot;Us and them&quot;  http://tinyurl.com/d6cgjr
@KikkerToo Ford Focus CC-3. Bloody excellent car - just needs a space saver wheel in the boot 
@brmbds back at'cha. Catch u later &amp; nice meeting u! 
PS; all without surgery &amp; being 100% even through Birthdays, Xmas etc.  Wanted to proof you can loose weight without the knife 
PS; all without surgery &amp; being 100% even through Birthdays, Xmas etc. Wanted to prove you can loose weight without the knife 
I was an actor (solo) in a student special fx shot today. Excellent lesson in learning what actors go through. Recommended experience! 
@mikecheung I don't have a proper camera right now  maybe not for a while yet. Saving up for the next iPhone.
20 days til Counting Crows Gig 
@DemiLSupporter &quot;This is Real, This is me. I'm exactly where I'm suppose to be...&quot; 
@jamie_oliver had a nice weekend, didnt do much. thanks for asking. How was your weekend? Enjoyable I hope 
@x3bubbly AHH YESS. True true. try putting a pillow behind you! 
@BCRescueUK  I scoffed far too much last night! Inspired by your ramsons in buttery mash!
@man8 I don't know what WorldOfGoo is and I don't want to! Dangerous! 
Roadtrip was rad fun, stopped at shops and got a copy of twilight  just finished watching it!
can't wait for Days Difference's new song. well, the full version of it. 
@SianySianySiany Mega OUCH. Worth it though! Yay! 
@MissAmanduhhh Meet me at my connecting flight in ATL 
@alyankovic I'd love to hear a prank call regarding the virus in your Virus Alert song 
@ExocetAU Closer, but still wrong 
You know your a geek if you can reply to a email Within a Minute 
at Home now.... 
@InfoSeminarClub Free sounds great! So, what's the catch? 
WOW! Free falling 120 miles per hour in the air from 12,500 feet altitude...   http://twitpic.com/3i4lf
Belated thank-yous to @Nosemonkey @amanda @robshepherd @rapella &amp;@FreshPlastic for their birthday wishes over the weekend 
@singkit ban from where? that *online* place is dead. D-E-D Dead!  
&quot;Designing for the Web&quot;: Unboxing http://bit.ly/8wHds Thanks @markboulton! Beautiful book, awesome content!  #fivesimplesteps
@daniellexo It's a Slow Loris.... and I doubt you really want that at home.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slow_loris
Spoke to my nana on the phone 
@DavidAndGoliath I am going to look for those dark chocolate brown nail polish.  Excited!
@Mechanical_Mind I get most of the errors when I switch the bloody thing on! 
@zoutman Same for your toys!! 
@LeviBeamish  That was rough! Honest, but rough. 
@DianaRusso  I don't want to become sensational, I just want to remain Brilliant lol 
@Dark_Warlike es algo de familia dude 
@ricodaniels why dont you pop and see me while your in england.  Perfect opportunity to talk business I think 
@timsharville That's worth more than a quid good sir  Genius...
It's raining!  and ive just voted for my friend. Vote also! u just need to log on  http://analog-soul.com/2009/?p=1076
@appi101 Not t9. Full qwerty. I own an E71 
@rbartolome Vote early, vote often 
Awake  going to take a showerr
: Perfect day to be outside enjoying the countryside  http://twitpic.com/3neui
Fight me  http://permagnus.mybrute.com
@lady_jane Play spilt personalites at #itsgrimupnorth - The 'physical' you can go to 1 session, and the 'virtual' you can attend another 
Crack tha shutters open wide, i wanna see you in the light of dhaye 
@sylviebarak True, but I suppose in that case depression would be the least of my worries 
It doesnt look too sunny there but believe me it is! starting to burn my back  - [Re:] http://mobypicture.com/?4ydm04
Easy classes today: spanish 4, chemistry 2, and english 102 
@willcarling Beware the GreenMachine will be waiting 
@MontereyAq Background is gorgeous. And glad to see the cuttlefish representing - they are my favorite 
Anyone head out to see any movies this weekend? Fill me in on your reviews  We saw 'The Haunting in Connecticut' = disturbing.
Retwitt.... Inforpress y Safe Creative  http://tinyurl.com/df8zx7
Last minute items before I leave..    Procrastination in motion, lambs!
Done with vacation and Prince 2 Foundation certification 
Excited for the weekend! woohoo! 
@EDNMaryland True. Beyond symptoms, I forget what little insight I had into the ED 10 yrs ago.  Writing (thank goodness) is better, too 
at work...on my normal day off..OKC this weekend to visit T Fine 
@MrTweet_Alert really? I dint know that 
@pmtj True, it's wiser to have people like @LesFab on your side, life is easier that way 
@Team26racing - If there's Beer - Count me in 
Everyday ought to be a day of anew and progression..&quot;that's how I see it&quot;!!!! GoodMonday 
@Escape2TheStars well, have a nice day then  see you
@georgie_elr Empty wallet - check, going to be tired all week - check, had a great day - check, worth the pain - check! 
Thinking that I could have gone to 235 on my Deadlift today  Another awesome workout at Joust! Hating the rain, no run tonight.
Awake! I hear some people in MA get today off 
back to it i spose! Going in the garden for the rest of the afternoon! Hard job hey 
just 15 min till knockoff time  and later i will get Death Race 
Painters here, repainting a ceiling. Showed them a spot needing repair in bath.  DH says, &quot;I can do it&quot;. True but in 8 months he hasn't. 
@Iconic88 you're welcome 
@ahicks71908 Grateful for this new day that I have never seen before... ready to go....  
flew kites yesterday for the first time in Years...  felt great 
green day - &quot;know your enemy&quot; - album: &quot;21st Century Breakdown&quot; ....  (=
@fairlyordinary I'll email. Cause its absurd and funny. @pdVaughn Forward me the cup pic please. 
waiting for my Boss 
@B_Real420 happy 4/20 b blaze one for the nation ...glad u made that fire song with camian marley  .... Fire fire fire!!!!!
@chloemack I just saw that ad when I read your tweet.  Coincidence much? I like teh league of its own ad. 
people will now realize why i fuss over it so much! Happiness 
Beautiful treasury   http://tinyurl.com/cf7h64
SPECIAL OFFER til 1stMay09, Buy Ur Dog A Slip Harness $17.50AUD/apprx$12.60USD 30%DISC+P&amp;H http://is.gd/nEXB Place Order 1st thru my DM 
creating various playlists for people  I love this job. No Genius whatsoever
Window shopping on the internets 
@momentbymoment1 Ill send you an email about it all tonight - and if you wanted to be involved we would love to have you on board 
Looks delicious  - [Re:] http://mobypicture.com/?hv2i37
Exhausted from swimming! Another hot day tmrw, whose down for some tops tmrw, hit me up! 
13 days, 22 hours, and 45 minutes until The Devil Wears Prada new cd With Roots Above And Branches Below comes out  !!!
@ajriley I can recommend it's good, but better be prepared to watch the film physically and mentally (particularly for the Part 2). 
Today's Trailer Trash: Wrong Turn 3!  http://tinyurl.com/d3h2tt
@snipercatcher I got your messages. Honest. 
@ddlovato it's a Catch 22...as long as you're happy and content with things, who cares. 
I'm yawning so high that i look like a hippo   well .. It's early morning .. At the bus .. Yawning, and listening to lovely music
Re-pinging @evettevictoria: see she did win...cocktail  go mexicans! lol...-PUMPED...I am too followin u retard
Oh dear - someone is trying to defraud us. Dramas we don't need at the moment. 
@jcamalari Blows rasberry....now..a Triumph...yes..I can see the class in that...but...  still, it looks good. And the song stands. 
@bradwilson @robconery Speeding tickets just == knowledgeable driver right?  Another reason I live in PDX and generally don't drive.  
@CharBF I am grateful for... Inspire, Reach Out, my friends, my family, my pets, my studies and my life. 
Won our last game of the regular season.  We'll be seeded top of B Pool.  
@chloewhite Lines, Vines, Rhymes, Shoe-shines, Wines, Signs, Difficult Climbs, and, of course, Trying Times. 
@shalinique I believe that quote originated in the Mesopotamian brothels, only it was &quot;Pay and thou shalt receive.&quot; j/k 
@barrygreenstein yikes. keep your head up barry  I'm pullin for you for the main event this year. Flopping quads is so sick.
@OfficialAshleyG as of a few hours ago Closer by Nine Inch Nails 
@ReallyandTruly Yay!  Panic over  x
@LakerGirl1 Sounds like your son's had a lot of fun! (&amp; u 2  ) I can use the link from Fish's pic, right? (There. Fixed it.)
@johan_danforth Or maybe just join in for the soft-training-sessions when you visit our office. Free soft-drinks included... 
@Sassygirl4444 Drunk tweeting.. wow.. what has this world come to... bahahahaa 
@stormgrl Brave girl! How did you like th 'applewine'? I'm really proud of you! 
via @HiroKaneko: &quot;Success is not to be pursued; it's to be attracted by the person u become&quot; I luv this quote  what's ur fav quote?
At the doctor's office. Waiting, waiting, waiting ... tweeting. 
Waiting till ater exams to Eclipse &amp; Breaking Dawn, but the suspense is killing me! I also have Slumdog Millionaire waiting to be read 
@kr0y These came way later for last year. Patience the OSPO guys will publish all of them in due course  its a bunch of &quot;few&quot; people!!
@danlopez2012 You're definitely keeping good company now my man... you'll find out her name soon enough. Patience grasshoppa 
I'm going for a shower ladies and gentlemen. Close your eyes, picture it ... I knew you'd enjoy that 
The Loose were a tad disappointing, but the free drink/food and good company made up for it! 
Excited 4 friday wooooohh 
@Iconic88 @iamkhayyam @andysowards @murnahan @mayhemstudios @OneLuvGurl we are forever, in this piece 
via @timbray http://tinyurl.com/c56el3 - what a fantastic bicycle-rider! Dubious choice of music, though 
@mikeashworth http://www.fitbitchbootcamp.blogspot.com/ Painful, but will be worth it - sorry no men allowed! 
Naffed...listening to The Blackout before I set off for college  banging.
WOW! Free falling 120 miles per hour in the air from 12,500 feet altitude...   http://twitpic.com/3i4lf
@WoollyMittens - Congrats mate! You finally did it! Away from cows living on flat rainy graslands,  Which city will you be heading?
I have soooo many blogs to get through on www.fetcheveryone.com but I do have a rather Fetching hoodie 
(via @mundens) @ferrouswheel #Kidneythieves : sounds ike a cross between Manson, NiN, &amp; Garbage!  http://twitter.com/mundens/statuses/ ...
http://twitpic.com/3pffl - Perfect. I love them together 
Excited to move away from shitty Hudds in 6 weeks 
Anti-semitism is bad, but killing 400 Palestinian kids and not apologising is equally bad 
All follow @CHRISDJMOYLES please! Ambition is 10k followers! C'mon people!!! 
Note to self: Joking about smoking weed in the office is neither big or clever and runs the risk of @rosswilliams thinking you're serious 
Single parents=hard work but best rewards  (via @keza34)so very true! Lonely but so satisfying!
Watching The Biggest Loser 
@rtmfd Thanks for the reply (Case 2565). Job done 
Left 4 Dead Survival Mode is insane! If you can't download it, switch account, load L4D and download update then switch back. Done 
@StampfliTurci Rape and murder, but I got off with a short stretch, community service 1 day 
@Iconic88 you forgot to add yourself to the list 
@ravisagar will that make u think twice before hitting the print button. Save Trees. 
SPECIAL OFFER til 1stMay09, Buy Ur Dog A Slip Harness $17.50AUD/apprx$12.60USD 30%DISC+P&amp;H http://is.gd/nEXB Place Order 1st thru my DM 
@Hyper8 Aww, sweet. I really like him too!  We're off out now, so I'll catch you later - have a good day! 
watching Commercial Breakdown. I love this show 
@fionalaughton damn i missed it. Too busy eating icecream and chocolate! Chasing you passion can be hard work, but hopefully worth it 
Raw Short. Early edit of one of the shorts you will find in my upcoming compilation. Too arty? Thoughts pls   http://tinyurl.com/cj3kgn
@eskimo_sparky when msft kicks me outta teh plane bcoz I cross the line, I will be knocking on teh Happener door. Nowhere else 
@nathanryder yeah that might be sensible. It's about a thirty second walk from Fact  x
You know what's awesome? Left over apple pie.    
@vero Would have said Skitch... but you said Win + OSx 
@worldofchris ... I'm too scared to try starting a Genius playlist with it in case Itunes implodes 
That last request is not for @marktudor or @helenblenkinsop. I have no interest in 'The Sound of Microwaves Vol.10' 
ok twitter, your #challenge is to come up with a common english word with 6 consecutive consonants. Usual scrabble rules. I know of 3 
exited about Enter Shikari thirsday 
Ishmael Beah is at my school today! if you haven't read his book A Long Way Gone you should! 
@booshtukka Stuck in the office here but such a lovely day out side 
Oh man, what a day. Fighting w/ your boyfriend isn't fun  But it's all good now. 
Strange, I fixed @fashionsloerie her convertible hood, but now her radio isn't working 
Another busy day with clients &amp; preping for a Hearing next week 
http://twitpic.com/3pigo - Vote for design nr. 1 on http://tinyurl.com/c48ykg. To vote you must have an account. 
Excited about the prospects of a new day!!!!!!!  I think it's going to be a good one...just has that good vibe going   
Build up you immune system to prevent the Swine Flu or its lab name H1N1. Eat more ham! LOL 
@Sirjohn_writer Catching up on my work, and yes, spending time with those important to me. 
He giveth his Beloved sleep, since I qualify as Beloved, I'ma get me mine 
Youngest-ever girl in Mensa.  http://tinyurl.com/age65f
Idea #5: Trucks/buses have video screen showing MULTIPLE advertisements on the back of the vehicle!  http://TwitPWR.com/Ideas/
Typo on one of my follow Fridays... Should be @richter102media 
Disregard the last post. Much love, ya'll. 
@lexa6636 No Problem, thanks for being one also! 
@tabpierce I would be delighted if you came back and revisited Perfect Networker and tell me your thoughts. Would love your input. 
Ghosts of Girlfriends Past was a really good movie! matthew mccoughaney is soo cute!! 
@KRAPPS do you use appsniper? Clear out the cache in settings and it's way faster 
@leisegang Perm or temp? Permanently, there are Plugins and Conditional Tags. Temporarily, that's much harder. Simple - change date. 
@fontophilic @malthas SEXCELLENT! Raid 1 you say? Is it a real hardware raid, or just a finagled software raid? Expensive stuff 
YES! Clueless is on 
Proud. I wrote a paragraph speaking of the logos (no low-goes, but low-goss) in my evaluation. 
I'm so tired. I am going to have to go to bed here soon. I have a busy day tomorrow, Full of spending time w/ friends and rehearsing 
Land of the Giants and late night pizza. 
welcome to my 3rd cutest follower @cassidylarson .She just followed me after my tweet on the porn site. Coincidence? I'll let you decide 
@asexynyfemale Disappointing. I mean, I knew it was still about Twinkle, but I was expecting a better comeback. 
@melissamoog Date not should always end with twittering, but it shouldn't have anything to do with this web site.  
@CHCLATELAXATIVE Stand up and take them off. It's always easier to put on/take off shoes (or boots) ..standing 
@DonnieWahlberg Loving RetroRewind right now....Block Party!!!!!!! 
@Clumsyxheart Bulletproof is my fave 
Its a new day! Close ur eyes, take a deep breathe, appreciate your loved ones and take your time to hold Him close 
Soo basically I'm obsessed with @coloroid on my G1 ... gotta love addicting Free Apps 
I've made progress on the analysis paper...Victory!! 
#fletcherday and virada cultural UHU! hopefully saturday AND sunday!!  stil got a lot to do about my visa stuff..
Download movie  &quot;Sex, Lies, and Videotape&quot; http://tinyurl.com/cjv9qm cool #movie
Full tank of gas now. She is happy 
@DonnieWahlberg you are by far the most awesome &quot;celeb&quot; tweeter. Real and not all about self promotion. You love your fans. 
Single......yep I am lol  
@tebbo Pretty much  Date from the days when French was an international language [runs for cover...]
Born to be wilde  - http://mobypicture.com/?qdjp93
@jp1983 Beautiful song... 
@thisiskatherine Believers Never Die Part Deux has had a change of venue for me...to a smaller venue!! SCORE! XD I got my ticket today 
@Leahs_Story he isn't even following me! He is a bad twitterer 
@jtug Begging for another picture of #bintaroTU 
Leaving at 09.30, kick off @ 15.00, coach has a bar on it....... Not sure Ill be twittering much today at all 
@Emmajones79 just fist yourself then piss on my face. Easy! 
@MissAnthropy15 Awe, thanks for the #followfriday and kind words 
MorningMorning!!  Beautiful day today, maby i'll lay out in the sun all day!!!! 
@HtownsSupaSexxi Home alone, so I don't think I was that bad tonight, but I wish I was 
Plagiarism: A growing disease on the internet??? http://bit.ly/12D3ca (not via @kvashee at all, oh no, only me, me, me  )
@DonThompson16 Haha I Meant Lightning! 
@alydenisof http://twitpic.com/4cz3s - Beautiful, love the bangs  
@petewentz So, I'm going to buy just about everything from Clandestine. 
Ahhh... Caught up on lives with yet another g/f last night. Now 2 more childless days to lounge around... No set plans, we'll see 
Sorting OOS for Baptism within All Age Communion (2morrow) &amp; marriage with HC (Weds)4 lovely couple, both widowed &amp; so happy to b in love 
@realhughjackman I just saw you run naked through a grassy field! Excellent performances all around. Thoroughly entertaining 
Now I know what his dad &amp; sister look like. I've always wondered. Real interesting interview as well. 
Fight the power! I just felt the force of 240 volts. I'm getting old 
Battle of the Bands was sooo fun. yay for local bands!  Varada Niktu definitely deserved more than 3rd place though.
Tips 2 beat the heat #1 Linger in the shower #2 Sport a close-crop. Done with #1, contemplating about #2 
@rkavan I dont wanna offend tweeps by showing the middle finger (Re: Vote) 
Off to #broadwaymarket for cheese, tapinade and that kind of thing. Hiring canoes later with @josiecapell (probably). Should be a fun day 
Scored 278 on Flight Control (previous score 184). I guess my hand-eye coordination is better in the middle of the night, when I'm sick 
My neighbour is whistling 'London bridge is falling down' whilst going about his garden chores. Brilliant 
@mobilephone2003 Don't stress yourself that much. Rest a little 
@mneylon Zendesk has over 5,000 business on our Free Plan - take a good look at www.zendesk.com/signup 
@hawaii1 Add pen &amp; notebook to that Camera Obscura list 
LOL best game of Spotlight ever, hiding for 40 minutes, another round now 
@JamilahandCatz I know exactly what you mean. Overweight = lugging enormous bloody back pack around with you. 
Ghosts of Girlfriends Past was pretty good   Tomorrow - Wedding!
@ladystacy Puzzle Quest is horribly addictive, love it. Gave it a glowing SG review  any news on when you start at Government?
OK, transportation... Small motorbikes (mopeds) are obviously the vehicles of choice. But not driving yourself - they're taxis. 
@Surrender1224 then save up for one.. 
Track meet today, wish me luck 
&quot;Mandatory&quot; meeting in a couple of hours...I'll be in the back with my hat down low and my shades on... 
Strike up the band and make the fireflies dance 
Excited to see the new &quot; public &quot; 
watching the trailer of final destination 4 a.k.a Final Destination Death Trip 3D 
@brunoshine yup. Win 7 repaving the netbook. Main machine? will see. 
heigh-ho, heigh-ho, to feed the hungry i will go!!! want to join?  Hit me up! (214) 317-0485  @ Cathedral Of ... http://loopt.us/UjcNkw.t
@skribe yep, earlier today. Bit of a spur-of-the-moment thing, wasn't too sure if I'd get the camera back 
is exhausted from all the driving. Sleeping/resting now... waking up to do some edits. Voice is raw. But glad that it was fruitful for me 
@pammington  YEah im gooood, dont you just love twitter! 
@Fergieofficial I'm your big fan  Boom Boom pow rocks! I love it  How are you? I'm new here  I'm so glad that I find you 
Mile One down! Keeping pace with a 9-month preggars chick and a girl with a cast on her leg... Slow and steady wins the race. 
@TheMonkeyBoy I play as Goalie, so happy with the clean sheet. 
I am Home 
Haha! I finally got to post my AMV for Death Note!!!  http://tinyurl.com/d4ewuq
Approx 2.5 hrs of bliss about to commence, high maintenance hair does have some benefits  
222 in #FlightControl. Beat my last record by 49   http://twitpic.com/4ebyh
NYC!! Wake up and walk for our friends and family for Fight Against Cancer! 
Promotion your blog with Free Review And Guest Post: Promotion your blog with Free Review And Guest Post  You.. http://tinyurl.com/dayhdy
@andrewkjs thanx man. Catch you next week. 
I just tweeted for the first time. Excuse me. 
Away from the city 
Lethe Comment: Male brings mouse to box at 1.20pm. Looks like he's already had a nibble of it  Leaves after a minute.
@starsmiff mate, ages ago you said there was some news about Starry Eyed?.. have i missed something? lol  x
@RochesterREguy a little rainy but that's ok! Full bloom down this way, trees and most flowers, spring has arrived!  how's your weekend?
@samcole @bradfloyd @timewarper got up drunk @ 9, ate eggs, spewed @ 10, back to bed til 1330. Total head damage all day. Worth it 
Just started my HCG shots... took me about an hour to actually do it! I'm such a scaredy cat  Amazing not as bad as I though... not bad!
There's more chance of you dying on the way to get your lottery ticket than there is of winning. Fact 
I didn't want to vomit but....I won't use barley..Ill use rice when I make it.  The chef told me to use brown rice. I'm gonna use white.
Watched GREASE last night  Lesson plans and catching up on sleep today!
@Send2george Dead simple too -  made and cooked in 30 mins. So love pottering in the kitchen 
@paulOr RSS Pillows are the win 
Away, installing teh new #ubuntu serer onto my old box. 
Dual parties are a fantastic swinging animalistic time  here's to my new piercing!!!!
Homework; art-ing pears. sex and the city full screen on the computer.  Hanging with friends tonight, then to the club with another friend
Try Holy Cow! Serious Sauces! Introductory Offer 99p in ASDA! Use Goan Extra Hot Lime as a marinade on fish...yum! www.holycowfc.com 
English paper... check, presentation...check,               two hours til i can kiss english class goodbye FOREVER!!!... Priceless 
@thorrad Gone-Away! 
Mowed the lawn, painted the bench - today is a very manual work day 
Who cares about the Derby?  Kill the horses for food and help solve world hunger!  
@MidiMidis thanks for telling me Young Mistakes! their tunes are good 
oh im bored, but i got my Tap Exam Slip today, so did Sarah  WEHEY! as if i need more exams...
Starting service at 7am. Beautiful sunrise this morning.  http://tinyurl.com/dgeep5
/// I think I'm gonna go see Pastor Creflo Dollar preach today...Get that word in while I'm here.  creflodollarministries.org
Gone out with the doggie 
@Rosipeppa i heard they make a great MUA/Photog team .. But i also heard you are a kick ass model!! 
loved Into the Wild  great movie
@NanaSuzee Fine!! a little better..!  You???
@ctham dude! thanks for ur tweets! Kept me up to date with the EGM even though I wasn't dere! Thanks 
I am so bored, what should I possibly do? Waiting for a text message 
@ryanneleigh ok I need help  I'll pay u in hugs! Real ones
Going to see X-Men soon!  Followed by chinese food... and then paper writing. Talk to everybodeh later! &lt;3
@glitteryboy Many are interested about his ass... Difficult to touch from here 
@PreDivorcePower And you don't burn your tongue?  Impressive! 
@solangeknowles Oh I've been there! Beautiful 
Not quite news or trends, but The Rage is kicking butt, 1-1 in pre-tournament play, official games start in 90 minutes 
Morning!!! Rise and shine my beauties!! It's lovely on Cali! 
Own my way to see some baby owls. I'm excited. 
And technically, this is a horror related question since the document is an essay on The Toolbox Murders.  
Just got taken on a tour of my car's mechanical systems. Scuttling under my car was neat.  //nerd
@ringorang With your 12 sec raffle winners vid? I could hear the boom de yada...   Catches me this morning. Choked up doesn't measure up.
@ringorang With your 12 sec raffle winners vid? I could hear the boom de yada...   Catches me this morning. Choked up doesn't measure up.
bill looks like the fierce bitch he is. Fake fierce bitch, but fierce bitch anyway. 
Article - Using a Zeiss Flektogon 20/2.8 on a 1Ds Mk. Old manual focus lens still works. Time to turn off easy mode  http://bit.ly/dkXTW
i go to pick up my outdoor setting tomorrow (today?) - just in time for winter &amp; garage storage. Bargain buy @ $56. Yay!  hurry up spring!
I even buy Weed Head Products...  I'm Earth Conscious!  Not to mention on the path to Christ Consciousness!!!  
@craftymaddie Quick Nudge. Interested in following me? I've followed U for awhile &amp; would like to exchange favor. Thanks love your tweets 
@thebeehivestore Quick Nudge. Interested in following me? I've followed U 4 awhile &amp; would like to exchange favor Thanks love your tweets 
@torley Yay, watermellon tartan pants. Bonus points for using &quot;lollygaggers&quot; too, I miss words like that 
anotherr beautiful day. Streesss &amp; Worry free , hopefully! 
@cosplay Quick Nudge. Interested in following me? I've followed U for awhile &amp; would like to exchange favor. Thanks love your tweets 
@pattyyoung Quick Nudge. Interested in following me? I've followed U for awhile &amp; would like to exchange favor. Thanks love your tweets 
@Shnugglebug Quick Nudge. Interested in following me? I've followed U for awhile &amp; would like to exchange favor. Thanks love your tweets 
@ByNanasHands Quick Nudge. Interested in following me? I've followed U for awhile &amp; would like to exchange favor. Thanks love your tweets 
@DefyGravity81 lol... too much of that sweetness will rot your teeth!  Save some for the rest of us!  
Just slept for a Real long time. happy saturday 
This weather this weekend is going to be ugly but that doesn't mean your attitude can't be sunny   Spread sunshine through smiles  HUgs
@marshmallowlady Quick Nudge. Interested in following me? I've followed U 4 awhile &amp; would like to exchange favor Thanks love your tweets 
@JacobLovie my fav actual spanish idiom: &quot;en boca cerrada no entran moscas.&quot; Random, huh?  And yessir, I am American.
Watching Clueless.  @ Home http://loopt.us/oG375Q.t
@Skydiver42 Colorful woman. that one.  Wow she's been on one day and already has over 14K Followers?
@DinahGreek True and some quotes mean different things to others but debating gives me headache! LOL 
@rcadden True geekery, its awesome 
@Kieracakes I'm alright just kinda bored myself  Boring sat. =/
talked on the phone until 530 this morning. Refreshing. 
@theluma Left4Dead example 
Just subbed to shirtfight.  Waiting for approval. 
Water Balloon Fight Today! 
Free baby demon plant! 
I just biked 2.5 miles...then I came home and murdered a fly with a towel  Now I'm listening to Toxic.....
Just released a new elecite theme - Urban. Features 8 sliding icons and 10 rotating backgrounds. Special price, only $5.99. Save a buck 
@NatesMama1128 True, you have to let me know how you like the movie! I LOVEd it 
@GlobalPatriot True...you make a great point. We should come up with a solution. 
@lovingyouiseasy its called &quot;Dream&quot;. 
Playing photographer today! Shooting a wedding 
I just biked 2.5 miles...then I came home and murdered a fly with a towel  Now I'm listening to Toxic.....
Excited and happy about tonight! 
Odd day. Watched a sea king hover over the mountain by our house to rescue someone who fell into the river. Not much happens around here 
No Doubt is back together!! For now anyway.. but yaaaayyyy!! 
bumpin 'Angel in Disguise' by @4everbrandy that song still go hard to this day!!! i *heart* you brocka.....   one of the greatest 
is watching &quot;The Unexplained&quot; (superstitions &amp; paranoias including the # 13) &amp; relaxing. Thunderstorms outside, purring kitty in my lap. 
@georgebrazil dude, you play off your laptop. You should put everything in your backpack and take the rail. Problem solved. 
Just seen @Wintermuteband at #liveatleeds it was the totally tropical taste man! Future of the Left next - YES! 
@montanaflynn No problemo, you don't have to be a teen  Shoot me an email via the contact page and we can discuss it further! Thanks!
I hate driving my dads Expedition.! Out and about with dad and sisters.!  Hungry as usual need to fix that ASAP.!
Go West, Young Lady singing at Bridgestreet! And Worshiping! 
@bettyflies LOL. Hard to create when your face is resting on the keyboard. 
@feisty_redhead Beautiful! 
going to see Bat For Lashes tonight!! 
Where are you now? I can hear foot steps, I'm dreaming...      shopping soon! Play tonight(:
Onward-to the reception! These guys are a hoot! I can't wait to blog these photos 
Beautiful song...&quot;I wanna be loved by you....&quot;  
Exhausted-lots of unpacking to do tomorrow...but I love this apartment 
Movie was awesome!! Better than i expected... And hugh jackman gets naked! 
@RaviKapoor thanks...  its gonna be awesome...Awe..some!!!!!!
@Free2b_you Just kick back 
@shellistevens But I still love you.  Cause you're cute and all that! 
My daughter is forcing me to eat the last cream puff. Forcing me, I tell you. Horrible child!  
@KevinFierce yea but oddish is just... Odd. Bellsprouts are cute and better 
Nostalgic moment: http://homestarrunner.com &quot;Everyone is different, no two people are not on fire.  Awwww.&quot;  
Just made a cop friend... Cause i'm pretty 
WOoooooooo party at ceasers palace! Free admition. Heard it was poppin! As soon as we finish eatin, we there! 
@chowdown True. But I liked broccoli, and brussels sprouts don't seem much more bitter. I think if prepared right, I'd have liked them. 
@emoisforluvers whole shelf!  oh and blood starts after 90 seconds. Fast forward to it 
Bedtime. Job interview tomorrow. I want a job!! 
@MCRmuffin it is! I love it so much  Hang 'Em High ?
@lilmomz Behaving is always good  LOL! But for the most part, I'm a good girl
Right now for a game of Empire Total War - back later 
@TheRealJayLink Count me in as a twitter friend. I did the same thing the other day with the celebs, so I know what you mean 
watching Amazing Race and wondering which episode this is... 3 right @wendywings ? Next episode is NZ?? 
Yes, the stairs still have the xmas decorations on them. Everyday is a holiday  re: http://ff.im/2xylC
@Act3Scene24 Watched both of them! You did a great job on the remakes! 
@crystalleanne ur lying! Drunk is better!!!  I make better choices that way! 
Goodluck to &quot;Packed To The Rafters&quot; tonight at the Logies, lets hope they clean up, have fun all at the Logies 
@smashill spot on  I was just writing something about fear, one of the fears being the fear of failure. Spreading faster than #swineflu
Just finished watching The Empty Child / The Doctor Dances  YAY!
watching Cheaters. I threw my remote when it didn't come on at 12. lol. but its on now. 
Just finished watching The Empty Child / The Doctor Dances  YAY for Jack! #doctorwho
@Jaycee_lvs_Rest ahh yey! It looks so good 
@bradjshannon  No, #p2 at the time had a diversity mission.  But OTHERs felt it was largr.  We yielded to #p2 for unity. Compromise 
has just finished 4 hours painting. Proud of my elephant tho 
@eep13 As long as it's not another Voyage Home I can live without Shatners over acting 
and now i'm going to watch Idle Hands, it's free On Demand right now 
Untamed Heart&lt;3 such a cute movie to watch 
@Hyper8 good ehyy 
@BJBEEJ Wow, congrats.  Spin classes look far too much like hard work 
@execcoachcathy Thanks for sharing abt Goals that fail. Made me realise why I am not persisting with my goal abt health. Absolute cracker 
Beautiful morning  going for a jog at hyde park with @naraerae. I just realized how unfit I am after yesterday..
Morning all. Decision on what to do made for me by the peeing rain in Sheffield. Stay in bed it is then 
is gettin a ticket for Dour!! 
@Andrewgoldstein so its 5:15am and i cant sleep so im listening to Permanent Heartbreak  im in love with this song.
@enjoychange Die Nespresso Citiz &amp; Milk.  In rot!
@Hyper8 runn  lol its the best way cuz it gets quieter when its due to close 
@LiliCosic hehehe  ok,I wont tell you how it tastes ;) i'm ok,more active today,searching for presents for kids.Catch you later on skype!
Learning how to play A Thousand Miles on the piano 
@PeterBlackQUT Thrilling... #logies 
@flicka47  I cant take all the credit ! Flicka47 Helped me find the link.  and gave me the idea  she is a great anipal 2
Kittys passed out. Awe.  http://yfrog.com/8dpbvj
hiii people leave comment www.x3--Malawi-Forever--x3.skyblog.com thanks we need lots of comments 
should have slept much earlier, but birthday party called for him. Hard is officially the default difficulty on rock band drums 
The problem with installing Path Finder is that you need to quit Path Finder first 
Awake to another day...i'm going to smile 
Phantom was great!!!  Better in Melbs but still so very worth it 
Watching Dirty Dancing! Determined to learn it 
The Borat movie is on Australian TV for the first time tonight. Worth watching. If you are lucky you'll get the censored version 
@superdanielman maybe you could help me, i don't understand the whole Fake-Yellow, Luxury, Chance ... thing. Who did what  thx
is Rise and Shine, people! 
Is downloading the Fast &amp; Furious soundtrack, I just loved the music in the movie.. 
Vote for 'Little Louisa'  here : http://tinyurl.com/clv63g
@pretentiousgit Snap! I was doing the same thing at the same time as u 
@Martham112 Very nice. ^__^ I was in NYC at the thanksgiving day parade when Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends did their rickroll. 
@brianleejackson I see a bunch of them in my followers list. Fortunately, they are a small minority. Easy enough to not follow. 
get a loal of newspaper. Setting on fire and put it in between snake fighting life. Strong food and string drink. - Underworld. 
@sentimentalizzy Of course  What's your favorite Clash album?
@DaveBartlett1 my daughter is nearly 18, we get a lot of LOL too. Small smiles appear to be  or :p
@chriscolhoun Spent a day there last summer. Lovely city. I would recommend the Magic Fountains at night  http://tinyurl.com/dkv8on
Whole day fun with bffs and still continue.. 
Still working on #twitter on irc.twitchat.net  Set up a new helper (buddy of mine) Spooky  (via http://twitchat.net)
Today's a great day to get your websites seen @ http://www.trafficpunk.com For Free! 
@wuzzakeegan Me too. Boredom, perhaps? You're pretty cute for a boy 
@JennHarding haha-was only joking polabear! n I know Ill always B ur aunty  crazy schedule this week, but maybe next weekend?
I'm off to do Ten Days of Silent Meditation - Vipassana here I come. See www.malahypnotherapy.com for free Self Hypnosis MP3 Download 
@tommcfly haha! Same, but to my nanas. Yaay! 
Joined forces once again for a great night. Ended up staying at the 'Booty Beast' in The Social all night, jamming! Thanks T 
Just got back from cousins house, had an awesome time. Full on neardathon 
@nie_hau I didn't know we were at war. Count your friends in 
@SDRpyoo I wish I could have some sleep!! Awake since 30 hours now -.- Sleeping is the best damn thing, right ? 
Real men play softball!! 
@Broooooke_ :O now way! me too. One Step Closer  xx
Musing if Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and 100 Bullets can be influences in rpg design 
Decided to work in the garden today in spite of the drizzle.  Fog, birds, roses...and me 
Chance wont go back to sleep. So i'm rocking him... 
@mshawyer Another hour tops then I'm off to bed  Chat tomorrow x
who here likes/knows the band Sweat X? 
@wendyperrin Count me in as one of the suscribers (although I am in the industry) 
Looking forward to some tasty food at the Mailbox 
Just finished cooking breakfast for my mom.  It's her birthday.   -Forgiven-
@JoshuaRitmeijer movie watching day indeed. Push and Dead Snow!  I always use oneddl these days to check what the latest leaks are.
@BooksByTara that is wonderful. Spread that to &quot;your world&quot; 
watching old eps of Cold Case online...it turn out to be a good series 
@cartoonmoney I only know the rough yen-dollars-reais equivalence, and plan to keep it that way. Ignorance, sometimes, is bliss 
@LJWooly Told you so! You'll love the episode called &quot;Echoes&quot;. 
@johndobbs It sure kept a lot of bikers away from our annual Run for the Son yesterday 
oh what a beautiful MORNING!!!  Perfect weather for taking an exam and then taking the afternoon off.  
@lancearmstrong good luck .. Grit ya teath 
Lots to do today. Focus today is to get www.txtough.org updated. Lot of cool stuff planned for website. Stand by...we hope to WOW you 
@ShaneInman thanks buddy. Same to you. 
@myckel X Games were fun, then? Shame you couldn't come to Hangzhou. Completed HMM in 6hours exactly. Exhausted, esp after 27km on Sat 
@AEHServices it's just a bit of promo really! Vote me it's nice of you  I'm good how's you?!
@debidiamond Perfect, I am just a simple guy...I cant figure out complicated girls 
Early morning. Shower, stuff to do today. Excited 
@missgiggly I hate it too!! But must go.. electric blanket has the bed nice and toasty! Catch you tomorrow some time 
is going on a 100 Kilometer bike trip tomorrow morning (4 am)! Excited: yes. scared to death: absolutely. 
Excited about getting Baptized tonight at Front Beach!!! 
fusionfroide just discovered what a Sticking Tour    an original idea XD
Happiness comes in stages. 
@georgestanley: We watched HIGNFW, Spirited Away and Genius 
@chrisluvssixxam now that's fuckin funny! ... Texting you from the next room???  She really was in no state to even walk, huh??? lol 
Waiting around for the mum to finish in the shop.  Bit bored, new trainers though 
Rare RivaS dub for you  http://tinyurl.com/c9echn feel free to retweet!
@eleesha Beautiful morning to you! 
@FashionGrail Fine thanks 
Scrambled eggs and ketchup!!!  http://twitpic.com/4haze
@fabianv I guess you mean &quot;can find time for relatives&quot;? Same here 
Outlaws have arrived. Straight out for lunch so a bit of me time! Which I'm using to sit on my bum! 
Watching a movie. Keen for sleep soon. Picking up my iPhone tomorrow!   // cool http://gykd.net
Ill be home in less than 4 hours 
Playing Splinter Cell Double Agent. 
Unexpected cheques are always a good thing. 
@fixin2 my Suggestion? Pray 
@butterflyzan Size 10 giant man just rang. says if you're going to be mean about his hands, he'll have them back. He sounded a bit miffed 
Beautiful Sunny morning.  Taking the kids out and going to enjoy a fun sunny sunday 
Finished cleaning my pool.  Utterly exhausted.  At least I didn't fall in that filthy water!  
In less than an hour, Nightline Dubai will be on! Adeaters and Cancer treatment in two hours. Start thinking 
@Save_eyan eyann, you shouldnt be looking in the mirror. 
HM: Movie. Finished downloading 
is preparing for her trip home to the States!   Excited!
@mslindz Safe travels! I hope you had a ton of fun. 
For all the cat lovers - a Poem on Cats  http://bit.ly/17n5lM
Honor Society is playing My Own Way as we speak 
Surprise spa day 
Addons Revision 8379: Variable Update #2, sorry : Variable Update #2, sorry  http://tinyurl.com/dxceqm
Graduated...now both a uf alum and grad student!! 
@krist0ph3r LOL  playing Led zeppelin - Stairway to heaven as I reach the gates :p
&amp;&amp; my throat hurts ehh :-/... I dnt want to be sick  ... Excited about tonite.. Much needed... 
Our sky today is a gorgeous, cloudless blue. Perfect for kickin back w/friends, food, fun, + this song.  ? http://blip.fm/~5hl6v
@audaciousaudrey Inside every man is a perv itching to get out? Yearning to be freed?  
@jessicaveronica I love your new video =D with lisa you're Beautiful i love you so much &lt;33 xoxo 
Excited about stolbers return from the studio 
Focus...focus....you can do it! Almost done! 
Random fact #42: Lines, Vines, and Trying Times (the name) reminds me of Adventures in Odyssey . . . 
@AlexaRPD And the monitors must fold in when it turns off..so that you can stand in front and say &quot;Activate&quot; and the whole thing opens.  
THANKS ABBIE. Made a tutorial cause Abbie chose the colors  Uploading soon
20 minutes until the new Extreme Makeover: Home Edition from NC comes on! AHHH! watch it! 
@jeremyflint i am uploading the video as we speak. Part of my video blog series. I'll link in a few. 
@amber_benson Just picked up Death's Daughter from B&amp;N and am excited to read it. I'll give you a review when I'm finished! 
Away to sleeps  G'night fellow twitter people 
Planted some flowers for added 'Curb Appeal'...front yard looks nice! 
@RetroRewind &quot;The Fix&quot; - you're not referring to the Fixx's former name, by any chance?  Doubt it, as that early stuff was all on vinyl 
Finishing My Project for Pfizer Entitled Pharmacist Dispensing Guide...  What a Busy Morning!!! 
Out shopping  Waiting for Angelic to get off for lunch. She's moving in a month. Tear =(
Thinking very hard about Tenacious D. 
@lapazhome that's how i feel about mushrooms.  Same reax from fam.
Cynrian's &quot;Complicated&quot; set   
All set for week one of fight camp. Training 20 hours this week and working up to 30 in 2 weeks. Strict diet - will tweet how it goes. 
love the lyric - I am a hostage to my own humanity Self detained and forced to live in this mess I've made &lt;333 
Watching the Wedding Date!  &lt;3
@myfriendamy   random ?  have you read A Passion Denied yet?  
@whoaaitskristi @allyistoocool Awe thanks 
Complete set of pictures so far: http://tinyurl.com/cnt869 
@chrismcarroll Punch a pillow. Save a face. 
Finishing up a quick break-a-roo  Hyper from cold meds -  - Means no decent sleep tonight as it is bed-time now!  LOL!
Exhausted from studying- will be calling it a night soon...and rise and shine in the am to start studying again: hope it pays off 
Watching No Doubt!!! I loveeee them 
@mrsjosephjonas Section 103 row g.  I'm feeling an Honor Roll party beforehand..actually just a party before.
@frankis5 how very cool is that. Rest up then. You have a few ppl's dreams counting on you. What a great gift you'll be giving them. 
@mamawinegod42 As a victim of affirmative action, I already know what it's like to be locked up and punished by the Left.  #tcot #tlot
@Nameclerk Re: Eskimos - speak of the devlin  http://xr.com/77t
Yesterday's miso marinated black cod was devoured for dinner tonight. Incredible flavour. Paired with sauteed garlic pea shoots and sake 
Thinking I've finally got Aim into twitter!!! 
Recording going well, gonna film another episode of Random Acts this week with new material 
@BJHewitt True, true, he told the major institutions of his day to go to hell. 
Idle hands are the devils workshop 
@tinglyfeeling You go girl! Softening ice cream on the counter as we speak.  
@aquarius00 thanks for the follow. Hint: you will never figure twitter out...lol...just enjoy! 
@desireewilliams Hard to argue with it, tho, no? 
Reconciled with my mother. I can't stay mad at her. 
@aliciastacy3522 Awe, thnx!! 
@davidr236 Luck with finals! 
@anaperiodista Whole Paycheck lol cute. I saw you live in SB that's why I mentioned it 
@katherinestolp I TOTALLY get that!!! I scream like a banshee too! Know what works well? Wasp spray...can stand 10 feet away &amp; spray 
No i dont have ur num ne more! But do tweet from the phone. Hard drive crashed on my 2200 hun dola laptop! No biggie though 
@oliverpalmer I know, but I was in there adding links anyway...  Numbers for tonight are looking great!
Snugglin with the husb on the love sac... Listening to droplets of rain dance on the window.... 
is in the library.  Recharged after mass. 
I'm at work with nothing to dooooooooooo. So I'ma gonna have me a turkey sammich and a coffee. Hard work 
@JudithOrloffMD ~~Positive Vibes!~~ 
Extreme Makeover Home Edition made me weepy  .
Man... You sure get around! Safe travels, would like to get together when your in town with an hour to spare! 
Video games on sale at Target for $20: &quot;Dead Space&quot; and &quot;Rainbow Six Vegas 2&quot;!!!!!!! 
Just had an amazing meeting! Excited for the weeks 2 come! 
@leatron http://twitpic.com/4j1u1 - Awwww! Beyond Cute 
20 Quotes to Inspire Change (from the Matador travel site). I love good quotes!  http://twurl.nl/ytbjqd
The  best conversations I have are the ones with the auto-rikshaw drivers. Simple joys of  life 
Excuse the weird nicknames i use, Ive got my little brother and sister on twitter now haha 
@justinchronicle 'real' means &quot;Existence&quot;  like..'How much can you close with yourself?'
@PROZPanda You mean Drunk, happy n ready?? o.O nice. 
@DulciMachinima Same  I had thought &quot;wouldn't it be funny if he turned out to be Alpha&quot; but didn't expect it to actually happen
Perfectly Blind ...I Need An Answer 
@sassygirl119 I only have like 15 channels on HD...so, I was watching or rather listening to Cold Case.  Backing up to offsite server. 
@makeup_vixxen I have 3/4 of my pazooki left chillin in the fridge, I'm too stuffed to eat it. Loaded potato? gonna have to try that 
@suppmiker That looked like a good movie! I went and saw Obsession last night. Excellent.  you should see it!
watching E! True Hollywood Story.  http://plurk.com/p/rnwd3
@CCC6 Winding up before the big wind down in two weeks - Panicking college students is what I will encounter for several days now  #hhrs
@rswins Sweet Dreams! 
Everyday i'm hustling 
I feel more awake in this moment than I have my whole life. Clarity. Seeing things an a more knowing way. And with that goodnight 
Was gifted (couriered actually) an Asterix by a close frnd!! Supreme Happiness! 
Slow and lazy day... read, &amp; napped. First day since 4/1 haven't heard from him. Almost done w/ Eclipse, then Breaking Dawn! 
Seems there's a lot of Zevon love on twitter - guess I'm not in Splendid Isolation after all 
@askajanything cant wait for lb pride  i will lay off the goldshclager. Promise ;)
@Paischi @patrickdet otherwise you are going to develop sleeping disorder. Changing night for day 
@HereticSoul Easy solution -- compose music!! 
should really update this more often. Feet = hurting, being runner is cruisey apart from that though 
New Post in www.naldzgraphics.net : Free Download:Splatter Paint V.02 Photoshop Brushes  http://bit.ly/gmdeE comments appreciated 
Watching &quot;World's  Smallest  People&quot; and talking to my boyfriend 
Oh..it was in a corner on the floor. All cusI didnt wanna use the porta potty. Excuse me for having class. 
Overlooked san francisco from a rooftop hot tub with my little girl and my cousin tonight - doesn't get much better 
@transhumant Yays! Yes it's me and I tweet a lot, lol. Getting ready to go to bed after Aqua Teen for tonight though. 
@dilzy take care dilz! Rest well 
Proud moment right now  my dog actually went shit outside and not in my apartment!
Self discovery through writing a school paper. Unexpected but very nice 
Engaged!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Happiest night of my life  Future Mrs. Kruse 
Sick of winter weather!?! Win a 21 day CAMPERVAN ADVENTURE in NT - and hunt down crocodiles  http://tinyurl.com/dxfj9v
@paulronge Fight stump. Traffic ridiculous. Old way no better. Meetings over Skype from home instead 
Beautiful song, excellent piano intro  ? http://blip.fm/~5ja6e
@chriscornell Loved hearing Preaching the End of the World, but your kids really stole the show. 
Watching Bedtime Stories 
Finally woke up and I think I may go live on u stream and create animations/draw which if I go live Ill notify all chu 
Just spent an hour on the phone with a friend and things might turn out good. Change is spreading, I'm glad. 
Still awake. Texting. 
@urbansmiler Is it possible to a have phobia of phobias? Afraid to look at list. 
@Victoria808 Wanted to get that piercing too but thought it would be distracting to others when I was giving presentations. U think? 
@psymon_spark heheh.  Odd though, I thought a couple of the others I'd done were better 
@mileycyrus i dnt think i can ever get tired of&quot;The Climb&quot;its just 1 of those sngs u'll always remember  ...
Wrapped up some html/java work now spending the night dabbling in some flash intros 
@ work. Reachable on my mobile... 
Startup? looking for an opportunity? check out - http://launchsiliconvalley.org 
@john_ray Bright Eyes=Contentment 
@souravghosh Dreams give rise to reality. When they said I wouldn't   walk, my dream was to fly! Dream, Believe, Achieve! 
@JennifeAniston I think is The parent trap &amp; High school musical!! 
@sickophantikmnd Exactly! Silent treatment is a great torture method 
@pmcclory hmm. Tough choice. You got some matches? 
Godawful hangover today. Worth it tho 
@billingtonart Gone have my ears on it when I am at home ..plenty of painting for you as well 
Vote Goal 10, help me win goal of the month  http://tinyurl.com/dlrcqk
In regard to knowledge, I am like the little robot in the movie &quot;Short Circuit.&quot; I am always crying out: &quot;Imput! Imput!&quot; 
@shawnieora I googled him &amp; looked @ a lot of sites... I should have checked here first.  How Exciting, for you both 
@GinoandFran you should see the Morning Rush Forum's shoutbox. Overheat bcoz of campaign! Flying skirts!!! 
just got Home from school!  it was fun ) oh btw its a music school. 
Reading Breaking Dawn 
Listening to Distorting a Code by Spinnerette and just cant wait to get my hands on their full length 
yay, just got my stuff from rygegrej.dk  Perfect tastes like banana and apple 
@RedAntiques Let me guess.... Antiques &amp; Collectibles?  Anywhere else you'd like to be?
@igzzie Easy, I'm trying to learn   Serious and normal....two new words for me ;)
@triplejsr A little 'Chair Lift' tonight would be muchly appreciated 
Dump my boyfriend, find a much much better man and the girl can get a nice knuckle sandwich from moi 
Up, I slept in till 11.02 !!! Shooting a new vid today 
I am back from my weekend getaway! Energized for another week, bring it on! lol 
@forrrrrrrrrrest http://twitpic.com/4jazs - Congratulations! You two are adorable. Beautiful ring too! 
Save The Readheads! 
@Darcevarchy Re novel - will keep you posted 
@MissJoJoSmith I was thinking there should be a thumbs down button for Cry me a river. 
Excited! Double Bio today.   I don't have a straightener and my hair looks horrendous at the moment. Wtf am I supposed to do?
Waiting for the last movie to finish then am test screening Ghost of Girlfriends Past, glass of wine and lolly bag in hand, yay! 
@ashhh_x Who Else do you Loveee? 
Away to the cinema tweet later may the 4th be with you all  x
@scottcmusic I was in row P, but i tried to run down to the front in Corrupted and  i could see you singing away 
Hard to start the week after a long fun sunny weekend of tennis, free food and drink, and very nice people. 5 days to go until next round 
Score two days I get more food stamps good cause i want a safeway pizza 
My hair actually looks kinda fierce today. wth? Listening to U2 makes me happy 
had a great weekend in Stuttgart at the befah-conference. Wonderful people, nice discussions and lots of fun. Together we're strong! 
@Aggieduchess10 Goooood Luck! 
I'm bored of being lazy.  Away to shower and go out! 
installed the iNav iBlue v2 Theme...gives a fresh feel    http://twitpic.com/4jfg4
Sitting in a shadow of the tree in the heart of the city listening to Panic!..waiting for the bus  thanks,wind,for being so pleasant a ...
I'm feelin aiden today!  on the bus now  Die romatic!!!
so tired after work...but i have King's Bounty Add-on and A Vampyre Story for a evening  and X-men comixes is completely donloaded
@tomfelton http://twitpic.com/4jam0 - Beautiful landscape! It seems very quiet 
@dougiemcfly Rest then. It's your day off! 
Invisible car helps to boost recycling. Honest   http://twurl.nl/fdgmyo
@shefaly Hard-knock life. 
listening to a new Stolen Sheep record 
The Paper Route album is &quot;Absence,&quot; not &quot;Absence While Working on Cabinets.&quot; 
@dannywood let me guess ... ran a few miles?  Respect dude, I can't do it.  Maybe you should train me 
@RyanSeacrest Same here - coffee is the lifeline to all things good 
So I'm REALLY considering it at the moment  Same days but even more money. Harder work though but can't imagine harder than I do now.
@talkmaster You realize you just did @inkspotworkshop a solid. Better than a full-page in the AJC. 
Beautiful monday morning  so happy  http://myloc.me/tCt
Try Holy Cow! Serious Sauces! Use Himalayan Hot Garlic in pasta...yummy!! Introductory offer 99p in ASDA! www.holycowfc.com 
Excited about having an empty apartment to ourselves for a little while 
2nd result of the day: found my timeout book of bars whiiich means i've now recovered everything I thought i'd lost. Small victories = 
this weekend was a very relaxing one.. i was at my cousin's place and watch a tv series &quot;Tru Calling&quot; really cool 
@jcdietrich Same  also trying to get my house ready to sell... I can't believe how much crap I own ! 
[Aeroplanes - We Know, Plato!] One of my favorite WKP songs!  ? http://blip.fm/~5jq91
@JasonTurcotte Say cheese for the camera, or throw up some Western Mass gang signs to be cool 
Working, Listening to music,Testing out a new singer/guitarist tonight, let's hope for the best 
Is pretty damn chipper today  even if the weather is rubbish! Excited for things to come!  xxx
Spoke out in class again  now the dreaded ch13 bio test
@sln25373 it was Lies. and my fav song is not alone from room on the 3rd floor 
@JBCP Separate desks, computers, and sides of the room with short dividers...but, we're thinking we need them to extend to the ceiling 
I don't have the fake fascination like i once did before. Cause i no longer have to pretend i like you 
Oh yeah the camera clipping problems with Void are now completely fixed  yay me for fiddling about
Inspired to blog about something inspirational. Haha. 
Beautiful morning here in the mountains 
@Principled I'm grateful that my kids also don't like them, lol.  Textbooks are a tool, not the sole means of education 
I'm up. I have a plan to transform my bedroom today. Random. 
has almost completed the groundwork for Paper Pile. 
@sween Whom do yu wanna kill ?? 
@LoveLauriexox - my son plays pitcher and catcher.  Beautiful weather this past weekend for baseball, but I am exhausted! 
feels the same way about cherry-flavored items as Shannt does about grapes. Strange, but true. 
@OfficialBabyV I wish you where going to be in the Saga 
Belting Next to Normal is a fabulous evening choice 
@Vittyliu a lovely weekend thank you  Whats it like where you live? Exciting im sure  night night xx
@dontspell_esl  If in doubt, wash separately   Normal concern is something fading onto the white.
@aussiecynic Blow me away it IS raining harder here. Yay you, well done 
Aw! Tear! I feel special to da family.  Haha thanks girls i love yal
@ijustine ... like you're stuff!  Strange voicemails! http://bit.ly/yKxms
@mikeyway http://twitpic.com/4vw9a - lol wow I'm watching X-men: The last Stand right now too 
@chaosandharmony Where are you at the mo Becks??  Guessing it's you.  Met you Tga WBW when you spoke there last yr. Business or holiday?
@WalkingHorse Fear not! You deserve alot, you care for animals. )) I'll get some food, don't worry! 
@mommyof3_angels Self-confidence is the first requisite to great undertakings-seems like u r on right track-keep reminding me to follow u 
@marqueA2 Amazing.  Thereby proving we cannot believe anything we see 
this song called stolen, it soooo amazing!! it by Dashboard Confessional 
Its beautiful outside. I wish i was in new york city. But this area is pretty cool. Hip and trendy. 
@garrettmurray Same here!  I just wanted it to keep going and not end... ever! ;)
Played some Mythic Brawl in order to get a good screenshot. Instead, I got a Perfection! 
Now I like #startrek. Personal feels that #Startrek movie is better than #xmen. 
Prank calls 
@sweetsheilx Same to your mom too pril 
A gift to myself. PUBLISHED! Episode 68 Align and Re-Align with Sensitivity Level 1-2 75 min #yoga class  http://bit.ly/8QAgh
Going for a ride! Perfect night to go out and chill 
Feet hurt...finally in bed...will not forget this crunch when it's over...very very productive day today though 
41 Followers? Random people, but okay! 
@JoeJonas1Fan1 haha yay for crust  (i tend to be a little weird when im super bored lol)
heading to bed with tea to finish Breaking Dawn. 
Gorgeous day!  Worked the Master Gardener plant sale, trimmed smoke bushes, and now to do some writing. 
@odangitsnikki There's a way around that 72 Minute Limit ;) AIM me and I'll tell you 
@burnthatbox  There's also a fairly recent (w/in past 10 years) quasi-sequel. Plot not as good but v. pretty in terms of art.
http://twitpic.com/4we4j - Speed lessons on the main screens on center court! I had to take this pic 
@kelleydmcguire I don't know. What does it take to butter you up? Actual butter?  xoxo
@myfamilygossip Same to you!  
@JoeJonas1Fan1 heyy.  how are you?
@Warmnfuzzy Re-direct that energy into creating men's jewelry.    And frequent walks too.
@kel7alpha I only happened to look on a random chance. Timing is everything. 
Awake, man, i need to go to sleep, i gots to wake up early for church tomorow.         
{cont} that right their is why fake btches shouldnt mess with Real ones... ahhh I love it Real btches excite me 
Its good to have an old friend at ur new job. Another good day at work. Paycheck day will be even better 
Aim:iloveshawniedur 
@Escape2TheStars it's ok.  I'll have reached 3,000 tweets and be in dreamland by then so have a good sleep!! talk later. 
@appstoremod Mind telling me which book  cuz i was at barnes and nobles today and found 2 books that looked promising
@jbrigante haha. I'm on drink #2. Cheat day for me 
On page 214 of 320 of Betrayed by P.C. Cast. really starting to enjoy this series 
Lovely night, guys. Full moon  thinking about going out onto my roof lol
is singing in the rain. Cover your ears, people 
Excited for enfest yaaaay 
#web20 -- a good metaphor in democratic process: Truth is better served, not by transparency --  but by the opaqueness of private 'Vote' 
@Britneyspears : For the Record is still the saddest thing to watch. &quot;I'm gonna go through life like the karate kid&quot;...and so am I. 
Watching the best movie ever: The NeverEnding Story!  I wish my babbby was with me, though.
rblpn  @kaaeyl , You know, I could listen to every version of War Pigs ever recorded  ? http://blip.fm/~5z10d
Free for all... good nite I mean its a good nite, wateva 
@mzflip82 Simple my a#@ 
N now the end to another wise great nite! Excuse me while I dream a little dream 
@JoeJonas1Fan1 I know, me too!! 
[Dashboard - Modest Mouse] First Modest Mouse blip! Oyay, not bad.  ? http://blip.fm/~5z309
@HockeyTShirt Folks thought it was hilarious when I told them the story, and then they saw the shirt I wore tonight.  Laughter all night.
One more thing &quot;Shattered&quot; is an amazing song by O.A.R. 
@irishprincess41 it was great to meet ya katie...awesome shows for sure!! Safe travels home. 
Watching Everything Is Illuminated  and dreaaaming&lt;3
Ill catch you at the very last second 
@catsinthetree Listened to Eyes on Fire and enjoyed it.  Thanks 
@Sion71 Indeed plenty of jokes to be had  Lying on bed hoping it's going to free up, I'm on Jury service tomorrow...
At Home 
Finally made it through Dead Space, that only took half a year 
It's just a click without subscription needed  Vote for my tweet on http://openzap.com/ (in today best list)
Strange day  I forget all what i can 
@Beverleyknight so is it a day of 'pleasure' for you or is it a Personal Appearance?? all in all, sounds a good day with good weather!! 
Beautiful sunshine when I woke up  but litterally 2 minutes later it starts to rain! I must be cursed.
@LollyDaskal Notebook ...what a marvellous film 
@Nicsey Snap! I know that feeling well 
On another note, geoDefense Easy down. Onwards to the medium maps, where a whole other world of pain awaits my exploration! 
I'm not! They frighten me to death............I just like to see all the boys in their leathers!  ;) We go every year. Brilliant atmos!
http://bit.ly/s7hQe   Translate XMind to your language. 
Awake. And my head hurts. Which probably means last night was a good one 
@Beautiful515  thats awesome! 
... I will launch (make or break) the alpha phase of my residential real estate rental website. (Commitment of first grade 
Today I'm working on my &quot;Quirky Q&quot; cue or maybe it will become a concerto 
@TradingGoddess &quot;Perfect Practice makes Perfect&quot;  
 long night. Sleeping now.
@LisaHopeCyrus I know, she's great!  The Climb is sooo good!
Assignment actually looking pretty decent....so glad I changed my topic at the last minute 
@efan78 How about you? Oldest or youngest in the class at school? 
Now Watching: &quot;Boys Over Flowers&quot; - I'm Addicted!~haha 
Just finished my essay. Topic: Exestentialism. I used a good song by straylight run to prove a point. Props to me 
@waxinglyrical Paperbag ? I think it's for hyperventilation, not asthma. I'm a little better now, thanks 
Beautiful weather. Perfect pt gratar 
@RealAnnieDuke I wanted to wish you Luck in the Apprentice Final not that you need it  xxx
Gone to play with the dog 
sadly, i must leave here a while and pretend to be productive...likely it will be a short interval. Mis-behave like only you can 
Yay, 27 people are following me! Exciting! 
Cornmylees. LOL. Sheep. Shat. Itself. Sheep Chasing 
Full as anything, good lunch tho 
@lesquelles Pull Shapes is great  check out this band/song http://bit.ly/17bLGS  they're SO cool, love the bassist!
@helga_hansen At least you're laughing! Far better than many of the alternatives 
@BuddingGenius Installed win7 last night. Quick pain free install, feels like a *good* version of vista!! 
@amysav83 an hour of running + pub = cheep date! Mind if I join you? 
@amalinaaa I got it off ebay but, you should get it off Play.com  xx
A special thanks also to the woman of my Dreams; 40+ years together &amp; I am blessed with 2 terrific daughters and now 2 grandchidren 
@Display13 Opened up my linen closet, and saw that it's been magically organized  I wonder who did that?
@MamaCyn I was up early, too. Hard to break the habit. But I did hide from the kids and let them hang with daddy all morning. 
Completed Mass Effect 
@tokyocandy Slow down 
Completed Mass Effect! 
Oh and... Home sweet/cold/comfortable/quiet home. 
Is watching her fav show...&quot;Snapped&quot;! T H A N K S !  @MBoogie53 @shaunathn  
@StonedSteve  True, true, but your Mean, Lean, Gaming Machine is less likey to spazz out and die.
I am listening to Free fallin' 
@1crazyblonde Same to you!! 
Focus:Client laundry, cleaning, and towels my whole shift. Going to the Disturbed concert after I get done doing their laundry. 
@goatchurch @memespring Pointed at thestraightchoice, and wanted to nudge you towards http://3la.cc/2h .. would gd to have u guys there 
That song I just posted is dedicated to my kids!~ Ahh bless them &quot;the lunatics have taken over the Asylum aaaah ooooh&quot;  
sunshine. reading Catch - 22. shorts. barefoot. tie dye. mimosa. 
I love going to the post office and seeing a gorgeous ad featuring model @KINGII. Proud of you boo 
@lisalarosa Lol, yep, I'm doing that ^^ You don't? It's the same! Boil water, add the sausages and wait!  And add mayonnaise ;)
Contented.  - S
Live welcome by @ralphp. promo'ing next series &quot;Naked&quot; and ralph is wearing clothes 
My favourite animal is now a pig  They have such cute wet snouts :O Beautiful  x
@rkjohnson3 lovely quote.  quite unexpected from a scifi writer!  still have fond memories of his books.  Filled in many a day 
35km on my bike today. Piece of cake! 
youtube's new feature to &quot;turn the lights down&quot; is absolutely brilliant. Focus on the video and send everything else around it to hell 
Going to Friendly's 
@Leonotgay Brilliant 
Beautiful day out here on cape 
@SRBBB Agreed!  I sent mine off to do the grocery shopping.  Pure bliss!! 
@drock3800 though, rumors are there are 2 planned sequels... Story arc to fix the timeline? Possible 
watching Seven Pounds 
@musingsfromme It was nice. Whole family was here. Lots of quality time.  How was yours?
@Toadelley Listening to 'The Fragile', dreading work tomorrow, thinkin' about getting a shower sometime.  That's about it   You?
@dchinchay CONGRATSSSS!!!! Real proud of u!!! 
Lady gaga is fucking amazing  she played with her foot! Haha. Blasting music! She grabs her crotch a lot..
OK, new version of Insult-O-Matic (http://is.gd/yG90) submitted with new name and graphics. Not going to reveal the name till it's active 
@nastytaiboogy Free stuff is good stuff.. i like your philosophy  haha
Using The Secret theory, telling myself I'll get an A on my finals tomorrow 
No problem. It didn't drink much  Fly away my little friend, and be free...
@JoeJonas1Fan1 awesomeee ! please request paranoid on your local station. haha i'm starting to sound like them 
@sayitwithecards Sent some lovely cards from Sayitwithecards.com!  So sorry you took a fall today! Rest, realx, and feel better tomorrow!
@kebzach We're trying to be polite.  Talking about people behind their back is rude!  We are classy ladies. 
I'm now in love with the song Shattered by O.A.R., and I'm thinking of choreographing a dance to it. It'd be an awesome lyrical song.  
I love that my hotel room has a full kitchen, and that there is a grocery store right across the street. Healthy eating this week!   
watching the end of The Sound Of Music with mom 
@jeweljk I love &quot;Stand&quot; so much!  I got your cd in the mail yesterday, so exciting! Thanks for the autograph 
Oh yes, and Row Row Fight The Power! or something! 
Beautiful sunset on mother's day. 
Bloated as HAYL! Haha good food here though 
Excited for the weekend already. 
Mind of mencia disc 1 
@GOODENess357 Change of plans... 
@absolutspacegrl Treat my 'scope right tomorrow! I'm watching you. 
@andreanjos Excellent new remix, as usual. Voted for The Pragmatic! 
&quot;Hard to explain&quot; sempre veem a calhar, sempre  
Bought Flight Control for iPhone. Very addictive game. Stay away! 
@jakeron Thanks. Fine. I'm done with the followers now. HAHA. 90 is enough. 
? Of the day. Sleeping attire, with or without clothes? Pros and cons of both let me hear you 
I keep falling asleep in my chair waiting for @maidrite1960 to come in and watch Amazing Race and Apprentice, which we DVR'd earlier.  
Worried that social media is beyond the capability of some firms...not mentioning names.  (via @Brookstone)
Real talk I need a cutty buddy!! LOL 
Advice from @betsyweber... &quot;if you're gonna grab it, then grab it&quot;. 
@pattidigh Beautiful pictures, full of personality and emotion. And, I get the captions completely. 
Making music...as I have been lately. Orlando was a blast! Lots of memories. I feel happy right now. Chill...Ready for another day! 
....C.R. Break.....need to release all that orange soda 
@Midnightmatters WWwOOo!  Congrats!  Success stories make it all worth while! 
@lorimarhunter Never bothered with that book, I'll stick to my Murder Mystery Novels. Thankyouverymuch. 
@Midnight_Eyes awesome! congrats on that  I read today about you having your own desk, ain't it a great feeling?
Vote for dale  thats me...
@Butterflydiary snaps to you for getting in The Cut! yay Butterfly Diary 
@ashleymoore I lurve you and hope that your first night in your new place is awesome. Proud of you 
Amen, @drakoboy - I'll be doing the same, soon. Nude always helps. 
@JennaMadison Lady Death easily! 
@lizluvsJK You are full of it tonight aren't you? I mean that in a good way, lol  You have used Games and Hangin Tough as examples 
Awake at 5.30 this morning due to cat trying to break out of the cat flap. Feels strange to be up so early. Playing with new phone 
Profound thought; why was it way harder to turn 40 when you are still 39? When you are 40 its a breeze 
@JaseyAllTimeLow post (Name of first pet &amp; street you grew up on)  for #twitterpornnames http://bit.ly/JJN3g
Done with my paper!!! Relief is an amazing feeling 
@storyfan oh no no no.  Safe an flame free. 
@uncle_vinny @uncle_vinny Not enough sentences begin with 'When I win the lottery'. Optimism for hard times! 
@risk_k I did that once at my old job. Plugged in a space heater and the whole weather center went black.  funny now 
Is about to have dinner and is later going to watch Ghost of Girlfriends Past with her brother. 
@djtv yes but then we'd be network printerless and unable to print from anywhere on the network we want. Sharing is bad! 
@JKs_Fix  lol thank you! 
@JonInDenver &quot;my only question is why did I not go Full Ftame sooner.&quot; The price?  That's my excuse.
@eballs I dont see the option Direct Message 
Hopefully gonna start voleentering at a great dane rescue close to home. ? Waiting on a reply email. 
I have now finished watching the Biggest Loser season finale! Congrats to all the &quot;losers!&quot; 
@gerimoran Re the kid kissing the pig - I would have stopped the kid just for the pig's sake. 
@b0nnieb Noted and noted. 
I am about to beat my brother in Smash Brothers Brawl 
Guess where I'm at? Ill give 1 1/2 guesses  http://short.to/9bkh
Attended middle school honors night this evening for my 6th grader.  Straight-A student.  She must get that from her mom! 
coming up:  one battery of job qualification skills tests, one job interview, one training session for a temp project, and Men's Advance. 
Catch those fugitives 
The wind is really picking up here. Possibility of a tornado. 
@m_smitty Notorious B.I.G was a great movie choice, that movie was sick!! 
@nanda_lilith Ad impossibilia nemo tenetur. 
On my way way to do 14 km on my fixed bike (thanks dad) and in the afternoon some running. Shedding the pounds! 
@seabisquick Excuse me. Not feeling well? 
@QueenSeema YEah I did, this morning actually. 
Stoked to study all day tomorrow dude 
Longest lunch break ever. So many fud frm evry1  Mind overload @ rest
Truth that is truth to you is truth enough. 
@Tearree that's life in Cali baby  what's up with dude at the Rite-Aid down the street from you
@vickycornell ...not really. I try to guide my daughter but I would never want to say no. Easy 4 me 2 say as she is only 12!!! 
Sex and the city is the best 
Just heard &quot;Stop the Violence (live in London) with Boogie Down Productions on the radio. Classic 
@LadyGaga_Real is this the real you? your music is really good, come to manchester  love jesss xxxxx
will eat lots of fruits and veggies today!  Commitment is a strooong word. http://plurk.com/p/toyfq
@AL_Laframboise Of course like always from I was 5 years old  http://twitpic.com/552cc
Singing &quot;Poker Face&quot;  &quot;I won't tell you that I love you, kiss or hug you...&quot;
Going to school after buying the Fourtunes pack for Far Cry 2 
Unexpected company ..laughing with J &amp; J   
@willadam was she one of those roller skating waitresses? Cause that would be awesome! 
@sochews i absolutely agree. Problem is, they think they know it all. 
@brad_s Misery loves company. 
@Real_DavidCook : hello there  are you in the philippines now?..
@haugenpaul thanks for keeping us all updated! You're truly blessed. Rest well. 
@fairiesworld Beautiful art, Myrea!  
The Self Titled Tenor has put me in such a good mood this morning I may even go for a run in the rain!!   Thanks @dankoek
Started reading &quot;Innocent, Vigilant, Ordinary&quot; and now I'm hooked. 
#mw2 Change the characters as u want, but need to earn money/bonus to change clothes 
Stockings are Bloody itchy! Listening to miley! Hopes Elyse had a bad day  Jks hehe
@shoptilldrop hahahaha!! Everyday is a happy day  How are you?
@Lindsayslifee Brilliant! I always wanted a sister  esp a brasi, euro one
Boom! Boom!..spring thunderstorms are awesome 
Watching an alzheimers documentary! Crying my eyes out... It's so emotional and sad...thank u lord for blessing my life 
@headgeek666 thanks for rock'n the bubble tweet. Strange and cool at the same time  G'nite.
@shawin Swap them, test them one by one. 
Awed and Inspired by Prez. Obama's Speech!! Wow!! I never got to see the Indian Prez. in person, but I got to see the Prez. of US!!! 
&quot;we where never meant to be baby we just happened&quot;  -Knock you down
@yahoonewsfeed Our Children WIll Blame Us for Global Warming   http://tinyurl.com/qc5szn
Seven - Deadly Sins: lust, gluttony, greed, sloth, wrath, envy, and pride!! 
@CaptainRedmuff scrap that! thank the lord Screen Sharing is working today! Just need them to upload them now  btw 3 eps, 1 catch up
Designious Vector Packs Giveaways: Comment to win will end after 3hours  there's still time to join! http://bit.ly/10znsA
@angryaussie Aw, heck. I'll send an eviction notice to the germs  Else I'll show pics of U cheating w/ another virus!
Fast service at police 
@bytera That's how I feel; inspiration drives productivity when it feels like it.  Dense synthetic chem papers are only but so inspiring!
Drugs not Dugs 
@DavidArchie I hope you're enjoying your stay here in the Philippines  and you put &quot;Eat Bulaga&quot; and &quot;SIS&quot; on Trending Topics in Twitr 
Crochet Liberation Front featured in Inside Crochet (UK) &quot;On the Net&quot; section   http://tinyurl.com/cjeoaf
Playing Dead Space 
Secret of mana is fun, and hard 
Dead but dreaming tonight  8pm onwards at snafu
@mileycyrus look @ it this way: &quot;Imitation is the sincerest form of flattering&quot;. u can't stop ppl pretending, i guess they just love you! 
@ray888 I totally agreed. I love the Sexy Nurse Campaign I think it capture everyone attention away. 
@mustntgrumble Re dressing gown school run - actually got dressed even tho didn't have to get out of car! 
Wide awake. Another long day ? Yes, but that's ok. 
looking for new walks around edinburgh. gonna go somewhere i've never been, in my own town, I've decided! Exciting 
the new songs by the Hot Action Cops seriously rock! 
@SabilRd Rough it is. That's why we have to keep in mind : this is an adventure 
@Aacura Clipped it. It's all good 
@JoshuaDavis Epic the Fully Flared, good edition and filming too..i found the trailer for the movie you recommended me,looks goood 
Amazing. Eat Bulaga is one of the featured &quot;Trending Topics&quot; here. 
@spygun WOW, that's more like it.....Brilliant, made my day 
Yeaaahh. Deadline 11oo words di perpanjang jadi next next tuesday  
I will write u a song.. thats how youll know that my love is still strong. Listening to plain white t's!! 
@geokitten78 A tad stressed out - but it is gorgeous outside today! Killing hitchhiking ticks and packing for our flight this morning 
@newmediajim The rain does not bother the Sultan. Passing nuisance which does not deter him 
Attack System: Coolest update we have ever had.  But for the endurance, I am not very clear. Sound like it wil.. http://tinyurl.com/o7yol3
@bbunderground  No problem, Hail is actually heavy at times here right now lol 
@intruth didn't work on my phone either!!! Tweaked and all is now fixed  Seems weird tweeting about tweaking on twitter???
Jack Savoretti on tour. New album &quot;Harder Than Easy&quot; Out on July 6th 
@Hyper8 lol, you don't miss a trick. So how come only half a conversation 
@DujourMag Huh??? Of course we r responding. Waiting to see how sales go in NZ to decide how many to order 
ok that's me off to clear out the last remnants of my shop boohoo. Normal t shirt printing service will resume shortly from home 
@1Mind1Energy Pleasure! 
Why Bother With DRM? http://snurl.com/i0344 #2dboy ftw! World of Goo is simply great 
The Tension &amp; The Spark makes me feel much better and infuses my morning with groovy beats.    http://ZaxxonQ.com
@CooperStrange No idea who they're dealing with. Full-color, poster-sized, laminated maps will be plainly visible in every room. 
@Ravages I'd be really grateful if you would. Thanks in advance! 
NEW video interview with LIGHTS at Give it a Name - go check it out! 
im going to take the doggies out for their last wee for the night  Bloody cold here tonight
Excited after school is going to be fun 
@lcaller They'll put mine alongside people who've paid? Doubt it, buggers 
Sick of normal sambos so having Matzah &amp; cheese, why when its not Passover do I choose to eat Matzah! 
http://lights-love.com/ NEW video interview with LIGHTS at Give it a Name - go check it out!  (via @kaylalightslove)
I've got my copy of 21st Cenury Breakdown! 1 day before it's released! yay 
No Recession in WeeWorld: Teen Socializing Drives Growing Virtual Goods Revenues. disclaimer: i work here  http://tinyurl.com/q2popa
@dolcevitas Majority of these online fatties that are in denial. I'm nice really. 
Rev Runs words of Wisdom: Why give into rudeness when you can fight back with Kindness 
@realtweet dude, I'm livin' the dream today. Same as yesterday. Same as tomorrow! 
@Graft and then, out of nowhere...a haha, a haha haha, mandark shit . Just thought you might need a smile 
Isolated late day storm are expected today!!!!!!!!! LOVELY 
@nkotb *sings* dont know when Ill be back again...Have a safe flight! 
@MarkNijhof In seven year's I'll probably what the same hairdo as Scapegoat whether I want to or not 
The Five Foot High Marketing Guy is LARGE and in CHARGE.  &lt;&lt; well... not physically large 
@thehut_com Brilliant thank you 
@twicullen Fan girl much? 
Just got out of the shower!  Talking to Eswen  http://tinyurl.com/rdr832
Instead of thinking what you don't like about something, take time to think of what you do like about it! Focus on the positive! 
Spread the music!  http://www.youtube.com/xtinemercado
or love AND prayers   Be Safe guys!
Applause  @tracyjr Who wants to live for ever? Men with large swords. Lots of decapitation. There can be only one. Sequel was crap.
@Real_DavidCook how are you finding the philippines so far? 
@avianto I can see mars rover from here  #redplanet
Dream of something sweet tonite... Wake up with a positive attitude n be happy to have this life. 
Rate limit exceeded......I must be too active......shame on me 
@beeelythe The Enemy always puts me in the good mood, very festivally feeling. Just for future reference. 
@MenacedChemist Count how many people wearing hats. Or people with pens or pencils in their mouth.  
@loris_sl Brilliant! I need to get saving... well, earning first, so I can save :-/ But... you know what I mean 
Watching Across the Universe  i love my music class.
@prncsspurdylily That's the one! Priceless 
@JohnnyOneidaTDE Cheer up, you get to leave soon for a swashbuckling adventure called tour. 
It's freezing in my office!  Wrapped up in my NFL fleece blanket..wish I had a snuggie 
Haizul deserves many cookie chips, rainbows, stars and unicorns for always being my fandom-life saviour  Repackaged album is out bbh \/
Alert n awake. Bout to head head n make some brunch 
@chatwitteddy Awe nah that's mean. I've just got an odd sense of humor. I love you 
@SiDawson LOL!! I like your point of view!  The beer just needs to be really cold, and the glass iced for about 20 minutes. Perfect! 
@mum2sum  thanks. Rough night with the baby, but today has been alright.
Anyone looking for work might want to follow @thejobsguy he posts ads and tricks! Useful! 
@JonathanRKnight So you didn't send a SOS?! I am assuming that means you weren't abducted by the Rehab people that were following me 
@Touch_Reviews got one! 
Hottie Alert! Currently observing the specimen in its natural surroundings... 
ATAS: Ambiguous Teenage Angst Status. about those idiots who make facebook uncool. by @fallmckenzieart and me 
@PinkBerryGirl Same to you sunshine 
Select hotel chains in Mexico now offering a Flu-Fee Guarantee - receive 3 vacations if you contract swine flu while staying with them 
@carlastephanie it was pretty good, eh?  But my quads hate me today. Also, everyone who sees the shoes asks about 'em. Hysterical.
Having a blast at A New Start Rejuvenation Center! Stop by 8238 Gov, Hayden for a free Vibration Training  Fun, fun!!
so whetver Swapanda mentioned in his blog has turned true, most of the  Opinion polls have given 170 to cong 
Just in n going straight back out.  Catch up with you all in a bit 
Kids are napping SHHHHH  TIme to get some reading done 
@_Dream_  im watchin racing and falling asleep food makes me sleepy
Secret mission to find the best chocolate desserts!!! 
Not too bad.  Unfinished drawing by Kemonart 
Oh look, I got it connected with my blog. Proud of me, guys? 
Just rocked the stage at #celebrAsian festival! Crowd was the best we ever performed for! Unconditional love &amp; support from the Iowans 
Watching The Corpse Bride 
Home again. That went rather well 
Spoke to jenny  still feel kimda shitty but she cheered me up
Just woke up. Dreamed bout lots of things last night. And now im looking for food. 
Nyc  last weekend! Drinking
@SherriEShepherd Straight!  
Toward Secure Services From Untrusted Developers: http://bit.ly/G04FY  
Exhausted, but not wanting to sleep. I get to see the hubby again tomorrow afternoon and cannot be more thrilled. 
just got home from tha movies....seen Ghost Of Girlfriend's Past....it was good....but not tha best..haha... 
@102megan Hard to say - it's changing too fast!    26-12 to the Cowboys...
i love the Corpse Bride. 
Getting ready to watch Prison Break again! 
Watched X-Men movie yesterday. Not bad as everyone warned. Worth watching. Girls, Huge Jackman was exposed in the movie, so DON&quot;T miss it 
@Threedot yes the Green Team for Change!  Join us at http://twibes.com/GreenTeam4Change #GT4C
@SylvieDog I'm coming over. Save some for me 
Watching Meet the Spy vid 
Blown away by all the wonderful ladies @ mompreneursonline.com that sent me a FBT HB crd from groupcard.com! Ur comments r making me cry! 
#delongeday what? Haha apparently that's today. Exciting, he has his own day 
@antbusy -- new . Same ol' meee , but gotten a lil' chunky and trying lose some of the gut lol . Is that something new ? 
@Britneys1Fan its not im here to make it happy! 
@Kingdommama Fellow Coke Zero addict?  I heart it! 
@born2sellrich Thanks very much. @Serene_Balance is the author and she would be happy to hear this. 
@Midnight_Eyes heck yes! It's the worlds largest johnsonville bratfest after all 
Home home home. Zzz zzz zzz. Yay yay yay. Lol lol lol. Peace peace peace. seriously, though. byeee.  (bye bye)
@lesperk Aw, mediocre movies are no fun on a saturday night  Die Hard is good!
If someone could give me an Idea, id sure thank you for it! 
@elvisds elections and exams are expected man. The outcome is always horrendous. Ipl, yeah kinds surprising 
@Custumz Cause we never grabbed them when we were at my house. I'll bring them down tomorrow. 
Roleplay Set &lt;3  http://bit.ly/yaJjf
@ocean_dolphin83 night Re...thanks for the chat 
It's 2 am. Sanity check. I am going to bed. 
Watching the Final Riot! for the...5th...6th..time? And I never get tired of it! 
The Fear Of Missing Out (FOMO) is a condition inherent in Gautengers...am just saying 
@girlwithnoname LOL...I was thinking the same thing tonight for the grocery list tomorrow! Frozen grapes!  It's &quot;season&quot; again!
Its 1:25 in the morning, but the movie The Game Plan is almost over. 
@garpods22 Come Rain or Shine Ringtone? Mine is his scream in Dream On. 
@HJaneHarrington -  Agreed on both of your posts, re: anime. Guin Saga is beautifully done. And anime has its own delightful cliches. 
Off to bed to watch Prison Break on Netflix 
@danitosupreme Why did the date on the 14th stretch your 1st date assumption to the limit? Drool? Third eye? In 140 chars or less 
Watching &quot;Tenacious D&quot; with my nephew!! 
@NLTonline  Same here!! his real talented and i just love him  hey whats Y2..V was saying something about that.?
I named my monster team in DQVIII Talking Tyrants. 
Hard work pays offff! &amp;so does team work!  thx guys! Seeeee u inna bit @maziiebaby! Ily! &amp;josh.b thx too!
tiiired. Sister's birthday. Excited for tomorrow, ill be picking up my cap and gown 
@AntonioCapo Far from embarassing them - most peeps are delighted to be recognized! 
bored. Wasting time. Waiting till merlin starts, then shower, then rove, then harpers island, then sleep.. 
@Sarahbear9789 also, always mess with people who are sleeping bed to you. Rules of life. It's in there somewhere. 
http://blip.fm/~6gc9u It's a new dawn, It'a a new day, It's a new life for me... Free, free loving you... Feeling good.... 
@strombo: Requests: Weak in the Knees - Serena Ryder (no dedication - it just makes me cry everytime..  #radio #stromboshow
His remedy worked..it is early but I'm calling it a night..so sweet dreams tweeters.Close ur eyes make a wish &amp; blow out the candlelight 
Free food, helped clean a house, played CoH, made a couple drawings, talked with old friends, and cooled off in the shower.  Decent day. 
Stir fry is sooo good 
Forced myself to end the how I met your mother marathon, but it will continue after my long beauty sleep 
Now 1531; did well in recent games against strong opponents. Enough 
That's my seat!! After watching Clueless for the 10millionth time, I finally found the movie funny 
@Kelly_StrayCat And remember that without the Promoter, Us Fans would have no knowledge of these fine artists!  x
Playing Gear Of War 2 with Luke  lotsa fun
What a great day in church today! Full of faith, hope and love 
HAHA (: just saw &quot;Ghost of Girlfriends Past&quot; its better than it looks  haha xD xox
@arielleGore you know it was filmed only 20 hours ago right? Patience 
Spending a nice weekend with my kids and grandkids..Spending time with the family today was extra nice!   Kids gotta love them.. 
You have got to love computers on tv programs. Quick hit the dramatic delete button 
@garymurning Nearly applied for Apprentice last year,but not too keen on 'fame'. Same for Loose Women 
@islandchic  yeah, Heros is awesome...been following all the seasons...can't really say which ability my favorite...maybe super memory
watching ''Sonny With A Chance'' 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/58grb - Ahaha! Hallway talk! 
@jornvandijk love that song! Alone in Kyoto is my absolute favorite to wake up to 
Perfect weather 4 a race...I'm jealous but super excited to volunteer 
Climate Change Human Sign was a success 
Corrupt politicians - now there's a surprise. 
@Byroneski_Beat  deepest apologies my lord but twitpics over rule all 
Showered and now ready for the day!  too bad its halfway over, but oh well, there is rubard/strawberry crisp in the oven! ^^
I was brought up to believe that spending $300 on pair of shoes = crazy. Spending $4000 on a screaming-logoed bag is &quot;investment&quot;. 
Going to see Fighting today 
@finalspy Change de meuble 
@Born2Conform it has a very clean sound and thats why i don't use it. But I do use a Kord Mini kaoss pad live 
Just bought a second Droplet from @JamFactory. Excited to see which one is going to turn up!  http://bit.ly/GpW69
@lisavandalism Simple, but good!  http://lookbook.nu/look/143661
Yohanna &quot;War es nur&quot; ? http://twt.fm/115723 Is it true - German version.. it's such a great song  LISTEN!!
@lilmui Tempting but sadly in the wrong state. 
Happiness is, Startrek and biscuits   Khannnnn!!!
#gonzpiration yeaaaaah! hes back!   (World Record Attempt in Paris live &gt; http://ustre.am/2X3V)
@michaelmeloni - Yes on the writing, flying south tomorrow, will give it some thought. Chat would be good too  Agitate!
@FilmBookdotCom This is interesting stuff. Just discovered the Fall and Rise series. Starting at part 1 
Off to bed, will be up at 4am to start at 5....Beat the traffic 
@blickbuster They are classics. I'm a Spectrum vet, too.  Loved Ultimate's titles - Underwurlde in particular. Vintage gaming.
@schaeferj89 Haha, xD Spread the love! #shortstack #tokiohotel #shortstack #tokiohotel #shortstack #tokiohotel #shortstack #tokiohotel  
And now the final episode of Prison Break begins! Penultimate was good, let's hope this does the show justice! 
@dontforgetchaos Repeat &quot;silence&quot; one more time and I'm reaching for mine (with an &quot;r&quot; on the end!) 
@donzell RE: Free Fallin u might like this cover from my fav michael johns check it out  http://bit.ly/vMh6P
has a lot going through her head &amp; work is the best place for distraction. Happiness &amp; Positivity continuing. Blessings 
Fight the gas companies! stop driving on Sundays car pool to church is a good way to befriend thy neighbors ! Lets get them!      
@freydrew RE: Free Fallin u might like this cover from my fav michael johns check it out  http://bit.ly/vMh6P
@Thewestlychan wow your not asleep too? I thought I was the only one awake right now. Lol not as exciting as yours though went Clubbing 
@mikeborozdin Live Mesh 
Wth is wrong with you lol 
@choley Like Mr. Burns and his Blocked-Door Syndrome   Any interesting news in Maine this morning? How many murders?
@Born2stayfly kendrickkkk...there is!!  i know it! texting you tomorrow for sure.
@sundaysocial Awwww now I'm having flashbacks to my Commodore 64 version of 'Give Us A Break' - had to use space bar to pot a ball 
Happiness 
http://twitpic.com/5cv0v - Craziness on the way to church....AAHH!!!!!! 
On target for FiYoNoByJu  Rewarding = episode of Desperate Housewives, cup of tea and (sshh) an Easter egg the children haven't noticed.
Speaking @ Mosiac Church for @naeemfazal. Excited. Ready to clean up lots of doctrinal error 
http://bit.ly/ULPxu  Random experiment with my daddy 
I'm going to sleep. Catch till tommorow 
Ikea it is! Haha, think I'm gonna take along Death Note though, I'm hooked right now  At this rate I'll be finished the series by tomorrow
Dream yourself a dream come true...[it's a trick]  ? http://blip.fm/~6gkcc
@SisyphusFragmnt Ill grab the needle and thread. 
getting down in my bedroom to some mad fresh African tunes. Impossible not to smile 
Vote for one of the bands on manage for this years Supajam fest! please  Blck Heart http://is.gd/AHi7 #supajam
Music/Movies/Books/Beautiful PPL who keep me going when IRL PPL reject me.  Balance?  Not sure.  Me? Perfectly Imperfect.  
@ICchris True love, eh? 
@nocturnalie Silence? Silence! Let the fic flow! 
@AhmNoHere I fucking love Mingus!! Told you, impeccable taste 
I Just  watched &quot;GHosts of girlfriends Past&quot;...The movie was 0k, entertaining Enough 
@unmarketing For coffee think Kicking Horse   http://bit.ly/RwwQs
says sorry. I'm done now. Promise.  http://plurk.com/p/ucpgq
Super Secret Low Budget Footloose link http://ow.ly/619s Hope you enjoy the 20 second preview 
@Media_Molecule: Quick question, will the &quot;Play, Create, Share&quot; points system ever get re-enabled? 
Thanks all my loyal followers! I dont feel so lonely in here now  Ill get the hang of this soon...!
Easiest way for me to listen music = deezer + spotify + youtube  #hadopi
@olafsearson Fine thanks  xx
I want to be Part of Your World, and hope to discover a Whole New World. I really don't know my Reflection. 
Getting ready to make some ChaCha cash today. Grandson's Graduation is fast approaching, and I'm getting him that Laptop 
@thefreezepop I'm more in the slow-and-feeling-sorry-for-myself Fray, Snow Patrol mix atm, but I may come to that later 
I'd say this thank you card is way nicer than Hallmarks  http://bit.ly/FRYQ2
Re: swine flu ...some wag somewhere on twitter called it the &quot;Aporkalypse&quot; I appreciate wit 
Awe, joy, humbled, excited, proud, thrilled, touched to the core  12stone unchained.
@simply_kara You hate the pain and work?  Simple solution... don't drink yourself sick the night before you have to go to work  WOW! lol
But, going to Whole Foodsies with Melzie 
@LadyJayEst1985 GM Jada ! SOS huh ? Lol ! About to to lay back down though 
@gavreilly I've more hope of getting a positive write-up in &quot;Alive&quot; than the Sindo 
Right, off for a soak. Catch you all later 
@ddubsbostongirl hey girlie! Long time no tweet! How are you? Wiping your tears from not going ok the cruise like me?  
@WPLauraCochran or you can download it for Free...  
&quot;I want to be forgotten and I don't want to be reminded...&quot; Listening to the strokes. 
This much I know is true, that god bless the broken road, that led me straight to you.-@rascalflatts Perfect song for me. &lt;3  I love devon
Strength &amp; hope for tomorrow 
Excited for tuesday wednesday thursday and friday!  last hurrah before college starts whoo hoo good timesss
so packing up most of your life is taking a lot longer than i thought...listening to NFG Coming Home and its helping 
@tachril the Holy Land. Send a prayer for me man! And the Blues for next season too. 
Perform a Random Act of Kindness this weekend! Buy a coffee for the person in back of you in line. Kindness is Contagious! Pass it on! 
@NatlovesGuitar hang at home. Play guitar. 
@flygirl737700 Re: lightplanephoto.com - Thanks a lot 
@barbsrad penny! But not cause of bbt! Cause of dr horrible sing along blog! 
played Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory, it's a nice game, but I need to sleep.. school tomorrow. 
Flash Book,  Twice as Much in Half the TIme,  http://is.gd/AJZ7 kinda think I have lot's to do now! 
Still got alot of work to do, but too tired and last ever Prison Break to watch 
Beautiful day 
Sudden rainstorm 
Beautiful afternoon to watch a soccer game 
@SickTrumpet Its on his last EP, 'Must Be Organised' I think its called 
Leaned Pentatonic Blues Scale on my bass. sounds nasty.. Thanks all for the follows. 
At home. Tired but happy.  Time to get some sleep.
Cleaning My Home 
@CompHelperKid Webair of course   Hosting plans starting at just $5.95 monthly! Free Control Panel, Free Backups! http://bit.ly/eho1D
@MarkIsMusing Truer words were never spoken! &quot;Laughter is the best medecine&quot; 
is standing over Nudge until she twitters! 
Drive-in movie tonight!  Contemplating date options so I don't have to watch @auntiesweetleaf &amp; @ckd makeout. 
Done with Breaking Dawn  'we continued blissfully into this small but perfect piece of our forever' Yee, i cried.
Is that the sun?  A fog-light?  No, that's Adriano in shorts!  Beware!  
Brazilian Blowouts 
&quot;The day is never done.&quot; writing my story, Behind Closed Doors 
watching Holes! 
@rehabc No Idea...was listening to sermon and speaker just came up with dese lines... and i was spellbound 
Is gonna go work out at the Y then go to the Encounter service tonight  I'm excited
@ryanlochte You live in Opposite World.  
just woke up im feelin pretty good woke up to Change or Die playin on the radio yesterday n today woke up to IATYTILY playin on the radio 
Side is feeling a bit better, and I no longer feel hung over  Making lunch right now, then getting in the shower.
Home from camping. 
http://www.randomfacts.com.au/ Random Facts 
amazing how the emotional issues of otherwise brilliant others,can be Cuckold, used as stepping stones, by the hungrier, lesser talents 
Proud of my little brother. He graduates from Case Western today. He can now move back home and mooch of my parents for a while 
@ziptied Pressure washing the deck is the big winner today for me 
Going to watch season finale of Lie to me 
is watching the stream of the Blackout 
Filled enzos pool. Just warming up the water for later 
@james_gunn Bloody ectomorphs. We endomorphs hate you guys, you know. 
Prison Break had a super exciting finish 
Beautiful day going to  take the little one for a walk to the beach 
Feels good to be Home....I'm getting ready to take a mini nap 
@TWhidden I think you need a firm heart to ignore those invites from sex slaves. Locked account might not help really well 
Full from pizza and buzzerd from the bier. 
@MarqJacob  ... Innocent, huh? Lol
@The_Blackout thanx gav will be watching  xx
wonders if some nice person out there wants to hook me up with this Multiple Screen set up -  http://tinyurl.com/r3unmn - ...teehee.  
@justlikeanovel Breath deeply, take some tylenol, ....  #omfg
@purplefangs good idea. Ill look into it. 
Single white female...that would be me...seeking single white male.  Just a FYI. 
@KimmiMcfly awh yeah! Falling in love, bubblewrap, she falls asleep and not alone, always make me cry  ha xoxox
Loved Britains got Talent this week.. for so many reasons 
@JustRod202 Extra late.. but good pick up 
Awake....ahhhh I love the weekend. Finally a nice day 
Switching back to &quot;always on&quot; twitter on facebook from selective twitter. Tired of selecting 
@MichelleCvCM Strike a pose! 
Link to the Past done  Link's Awakening DX next!
@questlove just start singing the words. It'll turn into an all out singalong. Problem solved 
30th Birthday. Step One. Change flat tire. Ha!! 
@dangerjoe I trust you  I love you so much,Danger!
@webscouter Congratulations!!! Huge accomplishment  http://pic.gd/06ebf
@angel_fire84 I love the webs. Thanks... Instant gratification. 
!!!Veryy Bored!!!  ~~Craving Million's Of MilkShakes~~
Excited about tonighttttttt 
tonight's target...finish watching Prison Break EP 19-22...series finale 
Bloody mary's on a patio with my girlyz 
@scott_mills Seen Mega Shark VS GIant Octopus yet? Watching it now... 
@freemanfotos Thank you. So much for enjoying this fantastic weather.  Frozen veggies work wonders as ice packs. 
@wholeself Thanks!  You can click to see results anytime at bottom of poll box where it says View Results.  
The Hardest part of Getting is Receiving without demonstration of Faith in Action for what YOU want keeps many From Harvest Time 
Rainy drive to ATL. Prepared to be a lil' chilly and possibly wet @coldplay tonight 
Now, let's see...Revision or Corpse Bride...Revision or Corpse Bride...CORPSE BRIDE!  *Runs to phone Chloe*
Free coffee at Costco = yummy breakfast. Free is always good 
watching E's true hollywood story on Saved by the Bell 
@reetsjel Beware of the radioactive fish with three eyes in the thames 
Abouts to watch Heartbeat 
Heartbeat ftw 
Friend is coming over 
@JohnLloydTaylor  cant wait to see you  Ill be in the airport (chile)
@Dim0nd_PrInceSs im doin not a damnn thing sitting here waiting for this sexy girl (you) 2 entertain me 
Pumped for tonight @cassie_116 ? 
@Disoriented_one It's not so much 'missing an arm' as it is 'losing 20 pounds'.  The diet must be working!
Oh nein. The world I created how now entered my regular word. What shall I do? Play along 
Rework of Agent Theme from StudioPress &gt;&gt; www.wordpress-diva.com 
@kcost21   Fields of Dreams was a great movie 
@kiwibrit Inspiring - heading off to the gym now, too 
@PositiveMag Re our motto...thanks!  We really mean it... 
@Talk2jNYCe mmm RB yes...I'm giving it to Common too cuz I dig bald heads. 
@Prank510 lol....ur sister is the prayer warrior in the fam u need to tell her to put in a call 
@NicholeLeigh Careful what you wish for 
Sex is awsome  .... Sleeptime!
@beejmaneej Jobs starts the company as dictator, they do well. He leaves, they do bad. Dictator comes back, they do good. 
via @jackson5781: Cause what would we be like without our moms. 
@KellyOlexa Hurry out to Calif to experience our earthquakes 
Laying in bed. Haha. Listening to cassette tapes on this awesome boombox i got for free today 
@jimyvr  your welcome and im sorry once again the Typo Monster has came out to play again
@heidiprice Quiet office beats listening to other people's trash 
Ahaha watching the movie Waiting funny movie  .
@chuyeow your stomach is sending messages. Heed it!!! 
starting a new life. Loose weight. geting my ass up and start making big money. f/ck the crisis. 
A gorgeous cover of a gorgeous song.  @skywriting, Making April - Hide and Seek ? http://blip.fm/~6ifr3
#P90X round 1, day 56 complete. X Stretch today, or as I like to call it, mini Yoga X.  Ready for week 9 to begin tomorrow. #P90XReport
@eyelash410 they must have dolled it up nicely for tv then. Swept up a bit, but it's best frock on etc 
I got a little scared for a moment. I thought the wind was blowing really hard but then someone said, it was just an Earthquake.  cool.
@heartsapphires thanks... I'll try and squeeze fun in between work... Doubt it'll happen, but I intend on trying 
Just call on me brother when you need a hand We all need somebody to lean on... Lean on me when your not strong And i'll be your friend 
@yolie81 so cool to have you in the twibe Y' u rock, we're gonna have some fun making a difference   http://twibes.com/GreenTeam4Change
listening to Jumper(Third Eye Blind) &amp; Journey 
. @ranggrol Precisely.  It's taking all my strength to stay the hell outta the kitchen, right now.  LOL  I think I'll go to bed.  Safer. 
Cheer tryouts tomorrow......im nervous 
Calm down..and smile 
@dieselboi Same to you 
@wellreadkitty @Kiwiseabreeze @wendywings @Courageous_one of course i NEVER spoil her 
had an amazing night. This Beautiful Republic, youre amazing. 
@gumsticker Can you front my half for the land? Promise I'll pay you back when we strike it rich! 
omg Contemplating a sisters day. We've gotten closer now that she's older 
@ShannonLeto Fascinating 
Doomsday Terminal Message: [Anonymous] 
@KTwice Catch me when you wake up love 
i'm going home now. Finally school is over!! Home sweet home! 
@byrneseyeview Record govt spending, and hence they don't want to hire a good graphic designer 
@thedailysurvey i vote for Touch my Hand. 
@PanikDj Wow that is crazy! Same goes for you 
@chloe9919 nothing better than watch this video listening to &quot;Closer&quot; 
Tip #1 do not blow in a sharpener 
@Allisoncds the only difference is, you can unfollow for Free! 
@alspeirs can I join ur team  SRSLY, good to have a Dates &amp; Times person on my team. Mgmt is easier.
@iamdesign Perfect combo to start the day 
Quick mobile update  see, told you i could do it~
1130 and we have some of our stuff moved into our new apartment. Excited for our first night here 
@EmmaJaneR got my first smile this morning at 0410. Mind u think he was actually laughing at me after fully loading up his nappy! 
Nineties advertising Fail http://TwitPWR.com/fgY/ Mortal Kombat  
Crazy quake tonight...Sending vibes to Autumn that she definitely must return from Bali or else she'd miss stuff like this 
Save some of that for the refund request 
@sachinuppal I am so highpowered that i need to Wear a Seatbelt at my desk 
Digging KiloWatts new EP. Free download at http://bit.ly/MmP32 but give the guy some cash if you can spare it 
@robinwithani I am in love with so many, but I adore The Wedding Singer 
@kaigani you're awesome dude, cheers. Promise not to use camel case in the future 
Graduated wow this is a great feeling, thanks to all that came!!! 
@zorocaster Thanks mate. True, that. I wouldn't worry about it. 
So I wrote a little fictional story  friends of mine can access it in my blog on myspace. titled &quot;That Sinking Feeling&quot;. TWEETER WTF?!
finished reading Breaking Dawn... almost cried at the end but then it got happy again  now what am I gonna do!! its over!
#3hotwords Play with me 
@slinqui - Free Realms is free, pretty/cute, and the best part is you don't have to do any fighting if you don't want to. Plenty of jobs. 
By @skurfuerst Extbase and Fluid are on the #-Typo3 core list now 
watching Maricar Reyes Scandal (from the Modes Commercial) and K.halili Scandal. galing galing  ... made my day complete
Having played Wolverine now, it's pretty awesome. Killing people in Slow Motion is the best!! 
@saffrontaylor --Done,I checked out that link,have a great day Saffron 
@Nuvana It could be Far Cry 2... but I could also have been talking about life. 
@blazinsamm you follow some pretty cool people. especially tegan and sara. follow @theteganandsara Official! 
@ChookMe #PistolWink for the interesting facts! I barely drink alcohol either. Killer boots 
In some stupid way I'm looking forward to my lecture. -Evidence based Practice-Critical analysis- sounds pretty nice 
@divarabbit- Beautiful.  And very nice to hear your voice.
Hey what cha gonna do? What cha gonna do? Cause I stole your shoes  hehe random
@shamhardy We'd better put a stop to this discussion. Silent racists pretending 2 be nationalists might unfollow us later. 
@samanthaang just come over to my house 1pm. Play with some makeup, glam up, take some pics! 
Funnn weekend with Hillary! Talking to a new boy &amp; I like it  I know I will find a job this week....
@davemeetsworld Cry more? ;p I hope you had a good weekend 
Dane cook, Isolated Incident  awesome
@Iconic88 good afternoon Iconic 
@csnewmedia love the new billing area. Vast improvement over the previous 
wathcin Judgement day  yay! i love wrestling
Going to bed. Actual bed tonight. ily 
Free day tomorrow. I think i'll just kick back and relax with Xander. 
Morning twitterland, came into city today with umberella and it's a glorious day....Mind you it's always useful to prod people with 
@thomasfletcher it's fine thanks. We're still improving stuff, and it has some users so that's cool. Steady hits 
Wide awake at 3 am but forcin myself to go to bed. To those of that'll see this when u wake up, check out my new blog on myspace please 
@mrmwrites Or may be he is planning to move to ICICI very soon...  Talk about being Proactive 
@varka Quick! Kill a tree! Shred and bleach it! Press and dry! Cut and print! Goooo! 
@surfnmusicexpo Solid, I am hoping to hang out more than work for this weeks one! 
Office now has another member of staff in, managed to keep Elbow on though 
Just finished Breaking Dawn! I wish there were more books in the series!!! 
@Bathbad Of course you did   Wide open! lol
@sophiagoh Summary: workworkworkserembanworkworkshortfilmworkworktwitter. Catch up soon! 
@BrewerBaby Ill ask him tomorrow what one it was, for sure 
Watching Dead Set on the way to work. Watching zombies being decapitated really makes no-one want to sit next to you on the bus. 
@hannahbeck8 yikes! Earthquake?! And as we were discussing shaking off negativity? The earth hears us 
@Itxi_Itx Excellent! I can't listen to Blips at work (without disrupting studio iTunes), but I'll try to compare and contrast later... 
Breakfast , WII fit, Shower then Revision!!!!! my day sorted 
@nicksak Passed Stage Door on our way to Karin's hotel and before going to Stenungsbaden. Have fun on your Helsinki trip! 
@CORPZ yeah man! 23 huh? Old ass! Haha! Early bday dinner on tues, lemme know 
Just watched 2 movies Doubt, and cadillac records they were both good ;) gnite 
Watching my best friend's wedding for the first time. I'm pretty sure that's what this is? Tuned in late. I'm Finally in a bed, melting! 
@HillaO Stand easy 
Caught red-handed, again  Snoboo, Snoboo http://twitpic.com/5f2us
Preparing everything to travel in the best &quot;Free dog&quot; way 
@Wasted_Talent first you will be baked...then there will be cake 
@acetuk Liking your style mate 
@gtvone My little dishwasher is the best thing in my kitchen! This week sees Final Cut training and the final picture in the project 
Up bright and early for some core work and a long, long ride. Overload training baby 
@foreverivy True that! And bf's who trust us 
Save your resolution for your never new year 
@colinmochrie Been rewatching Whose Line... lately. Such a fan 
When in dought Reboot. Works for every windows 
@jedhallam - You need Fifa 09, Metal Gear Solid 4 (now platinum - bargain!) and Call of Duty 4. Thats just for starters 
Proud of my pup! http://twitpic.com/5f36e  Visit him here ---&gt; http://bit.ly/3wbo5V 
startet gut gelaunt in die Woche mit Katrina and the Waves - Walking on Sunshine http://bit.ly/W2xqd   
@jbevershed spied the e-mail, but in the office so probably not a good idea to look! Saving them for lunchtime 
YES, finally, 98% on Hysteria on Expert Drums 
Such a geek! Listening to the star trek theme tune! 
@CristinaSR I need to spend quality time in library actually.Waiting for academic term to finish so it will be nice and quiet for me! 
@KimmiMcFly yes. True 
Yeaahh we work them glow balls just like Katrina H! Sizzling! LOL!!!  http://twitpic.com/5f3ee
Motivate me someone stop trying to make me hungry wont work i had toast 
@tasj_NK Beautiful work as ever and I do like a good slideshow 
And by Play, read: suck. 
@kelliesimpson @davegorman had that on Genius the other week, don't get him started on it! 
@Keshia6 she was!  she gave us guidelines to pick dresses &amp; i found that one and she loved it complete Gone with the Wind theme 
Those of you on Ubuntu can try out this theme: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Artwork/Incoming/DustTheme Far nicer than the default one 
@antscott Wow! Real career leap. 
@mileycyrus Random friendship quote! &quot;A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down.&quot; 
She Screams Remedy!!!! 
ITV.com/football has been nominated for an EPL Talk award http://www.epltalk.com/awards/. W00t, as I believe the saying goes 
just came across http://ie6update.com/ on boards. Brilliant idea 
Load already smashed and just sold a 4th pair of soups... Lovely 
Today: read math notes, listen to music, write some music. Simple life folks  just up, still in dressing gown  mmmm comfy  ?+
Break's so close i can see it!  18 days!   
OK, I enjoyed the free subscription and will renew   &quot;For Wired, a Revival Lacks Ads&quot; : http://tinyurl.com/oaj6uf
... I'll get off my podium now ... Normal service is resumed 
Succesful evening in WeHo 
Starting yet another job today....Count is now up to 4....now I just need to find time to sleep 
@LowImagination hey well Mecho Wars isn't out yet  we are still polishing it, the last tweet is because my wife left me lol
Two of my most favorite TV shows are on tonight! How I Met Your Mother and Grey's Anatomy! 
@ to celebrate being Alive... i think ill take a little nAP 
@Scarlettjen thanks  was surprised you weren't there sat? We ended up at the Beat! how scandalous!
today I technically have &quot;school&quot;, but I am going on a Field Trip to Giants stadium so not reeally going to school 
Just worked out my 4 previous Wembley visits have gone Win Loss Win Loss.. That means we will win on Monday 
@aliciamalone aww...too funny.Blame the little orange guys you call cheezels!And then thank them when yr a lean mean femme machine! 
@tomlazar looks pretty similar in goal to zest.releaser. Tagging, uploading to pypi. Couple of differences, of course  Looks fine.
@joshitoshi hahah marrying a canadian to get full citizenship. Priceless 
#gonzpiration I'm so glad he made it ! What a day, it was insane   (World Record Attempt in Paris live &gt; http://ustre.am/2X3V)
Blasting my old Rise Against albums at an entirely unreasonable volume  Thinking PGR4 could be on the cards for later...
@intelligensia @3CB has been terrorizing me. Paralyze her with you super strange powers.. shoot lasers from your eyes or something... 
@richchilver Absolutely. Full of brilliant dialogs and interactions. Not to mention the humour 
Mondays are a pain. Sweat pants to school today! Lol 
@dadsbackyard  turned out okay. Catch up sonds great! 
@ArunBasilLal you have a point there, you are not female! Excuse my drowsy brain, plus I'm probably too old to know that stuff anyway 
Believers Never Die Tour... done, How epic was it? 
The end result of my baking spree. Melting moments and carrot cake 
I'm awake! and the dog still seems ok. Miserable but ok 
Real programmers can write assembly code in any language. 
@snw Same here. I can do better than that 
@DriveByBaptism Play.com 
im making an Dark/Ambient song now, it will be great, soo evil sounding  just the way it should be. Heavy and evil
@juz1093 Murder might leave people also very quiet ... But I don't want to imply anything here  All  are sleeping; you: digesting pizza.
Excited for dinner with the boy tonight!!  &lt;3
listening to The Doors &quot;Riders on the Storm&quot; while continuing work on my presentation. I never thought I would enjoy #ux so much 
@phillian Relaxing.  Hit me up on AIM when you're free.
@llamakevin thanks very much! Bit about deadlines came out wrong, but made me giggle  @rachaelblogs we do try, not sure about famous tho!
Smart price packup makes me feel like I am 7 again. The toy story lunch box may have to make a come back. Begining to enjoy Sp larger 
@johnnybluenote totally, want to do it NOW? Rest of my day is a *just* a little crazy, lol!! 
@nizmostar gud Luck BuBu  remember abt our date 2moro a.m. xoxo
Just finished a Bio paper. Now when I close my eyes I see flying 'B's around my head. Failure is not an option 
@whtfrknvr Huge phone bill.  Or lots of phone cards?
ich glaube Execution von den Pink Mountaintops ist ein tolles Lied 
MWD - 1230 - Coaching done. Stopping for LUNCH!  Drinking soup &amp; chatting to Russians about Eurovision...
@sazline Next time go to sleep with a saltcellar in your hand. Problem solved. 
shall be working at Step Ahead as a mentor again  woooo but Em's gone, n his mobile still hasn't turned up 
http://www.omegle.com   You can chat with Stranger who traveling on the web  - Randomly
is preparing Designing Slow Life Conference.  Search for slowlife_lahti in twitter 
I Love this song and I miss this band!  BBMAK &quot;Unpredictable&quot; ? http://twt.fm/117434 #musicmonday
@kyliecross Frightening, yet entertaining is the way some folks describe my driving. 
@swissmiss and you're gonna love The Spotlight-function to search everywhere 
Off on a new adventure.. Roadtrip to okla with my girl. 
@kellyheath Save it all until you get a freepost junk-mail envelope sent to you- then you put as much as you can in it and send it back 
Unknown drunken injuries....im covered in them?!  xx
#musicmonday  Nine Inch Nails - Burn, Thanks @trent_reznor 
Free strawberry and cream frappuccinos 
Is beta testing Smoke 2010 Extension 1.  
@DukeDumont Mind over muscle 
@sarahgreasley Full disclosure: Making tea can be noisy. 
subbing all day today! Exciting night...dancing with the stars finale 
@TomFelton Soft food menu ideas: mashed potatoes &amp; pate,soups,yogurts,bananas,hot cereal...1 more week &amp; U should be able to eat steak 
Listening to Friendly Fires radio on lastfm  they give me hope! &lt;3
A Simpsons Pic: I need a Simpson Character / Version of a pic of mine for my web 2.0 profiles   Payment by Paypal a... http://bit.ly/C1GXb
Chance to feeeeel aliveeee 
@gnoserif haha yeah.. hey if u know of anyone willing to let go of a ticket for Distant Worlds in your group, let me know 
@lilyroseallen One of our radio stations here in Brisbane plays &quot;Wet Patch&quot; and &quot;Giving Head&quot; LOL but the other's morph it out 
The Adobe Certified Expert Programm - Useful or not? Worth the money?  Any experiences? Advice pls  http://bit.ly/U287a
the best feeling in the world is an Accomplishment 
The summer proofs of Vital are looking marvellous 
@Kelzykins On your myspace? Ill read 
Working on my next Ad campaign starting tomorrow excited 
@BoomShakkaLakka k, good idea.  I can record or about 20 mins and listen to yours the rest of the time. Excited, 
@ijustine Scary stuff...glad that all on the &quot;Left Coast&quot; are ok! 
Beautiful people! 
is back on Twitter...Doing Uni work - Finish Uni this week, woop!  x
Weird using on(release) instead MouseEvent.Click ?! Return to the AS2 roots 
@HelsbyArms Away in The Lakes for the weekend I'm afraid! Thanks all the same, will try and drop in sometime soon. 
&quot;Do you smell that?&quot; &quot;Everyday.&quot; I loveeeeeeeeeeee Dean! 
Today's headlines: World Peace Achieved .................................sometimes it's cool to imagine 
Empty office = mega productivity 
Strange.. when I post something about atheists I get two new heavy-theist followers... hello! 
@Massacre9x11 i update through my phone at times and it's very convenient.  uhmm.. what's the model of your phone?
@bklovell Thanks! I've been doing this since I was 14 (20 yrs) and I'm enjoying diving back into each card.  Next up, Inverted!  (yay!) 
@JenCookies Thanksss!!!  Same to you!!    We had a frost advisory last night lol so if we get no more of those I'm set!!
has nothing on tonight - yay  Chilling at home for a change!
Compost is Awesome #3hotwords Never Underestimate Bioremediation #futuresummit and goodnight  #TWISI
Wow. I can NOT write while on my phone. &quot;Slamming doors ain't gonna get you anywhere in live hun&quot;. There, better. 
I got a Featured Track on PMPWorldWide.com     www.pmpworldwide.com/Groundwork
Hard trying to balance 3 kids, husband, pup and all my crazy crafts!  Working on this http://twitpic.com/5f794 and pillows today 
secretly, i'm a mush. ps there's more to it than that, [as always] but we'll leave it as a Cruel Intentions quote 
@JannieMom Pleasure - anything for the editor of News24  #iphonefanboy
@martine82 Succes! 
@LollyDaskal  The best revenge?  Happiness!   
@alexjmackey @westleyl FTP'ing now.... Should be there shortly. No later than midnight anyway. Slow connection 
Diet/work out starts today. I'm sick of being gross. If anyone sees me slip...don't let me. Beat me or something. 
Exhausted from swing dancing the night away with Emerge Tampa Bay  Headed to TransCare breakfast for EMS Week at Crisis Center!
Forced to clean the house -.- I`ll be back on the production tip in about an hour. Also waitin` on my lady to finish school. 
@cakiiebakiie It would be. That's one of the reasons I want one. I find the touch screen awesome.  Doubt it'll ever happen though 
@dnablyde Slow cooked lamb sounds a touch more mouthwatering than my beet root, avocado and rocket lettuce salad 
@frog101 Yes, all fine. Car was parked, no one inside.  Problem was between steering wheel of the bus and seat. Thanks for your concern 
Ahhh time to hit the gym, with a vengeance. Die fat boy! 
@rehabc Seriously,I could go on with this tirade.Stuffing it into 140 chars would be a crime. So full stop! 
The Team Fortress 2 &quot;Meet the Spy&quot; video (on YouTube): http://tr.im/lEoj Best one yet! Worth watching even without knowing TF2, I think! 
@daves_cornbread oh oh oh! need to try urself some dave my friend!! look them up on youtube or somethin. Promise ull enjoy! 
3 lovely new Inspirational Wallpapers here for you - http://completepersonaldevelopment.com - enjoy with my compliments 
At home.. Chillin. Drinking some weird each tea, idk though, tastes awesome... How you been feeling?  Where The Lines Overlap = &lt;3
@georgebates Thanks! Free free to spread the word 
[Weekly Release] Improved Presentation Mode and more http://is.gd/AZnn - thanks for the help everyone! 
@JumpSnap_Nation greetings!  sounds like a great start to the day.  Bit of exercise, bit of nature 
Brought my 2 year old son &quot;EZ&quot; to do construction @ the offices with me today. This could either be a disaster or a very special moment 
@NewsyGal  Car Talk specifically...but I&quot;m a big NPR nerd in general.  
G'nite  I'll go to bed earlier today. Excited but nervous, tomm will be my 1st final test day.
getting ready for school. No more Lax! 
everyone should listen to the song Reflection of the Commonwealth by Underneath the Gun 
@ishaka Same to you. 
@Person678 Site's up for me  Your DNS just sucks I guess
Awake , and still sick , thank god today we have the day off 
I have been speaking italian all day on the phone. Bigger phone bill sure. But I am improving my italian. 
@shatowers Trips to DFW just got a lot more expensive for me with that PaB wall.  
@GPforhire Cheap old pair of foam beach loafers, bought in 97, still wear them now, still as comfy as ever 
@MrValdez heh, then you suck at paint! And that's a taboo word there! Behave!  But you gave me an idea.
@jordanknight that's 12 months of possibilities my friend. Count me in for sure 
@mbase Same to you, same to you. 
Sometimes, when I get up in the morning, for a good half hour I feel like one of those trained chimps. Functioning, but not fully human. 
If any personal finance bloggers would be interested in a weight loss contest of sorts, let me know.  PF Blog Weight Loss Challenge! 
Waiting for @dittebb down by the ferries. Beautiful day!  - http://mobypicture.com/?gtdnl9
@anjeee Music from Kill Bill  ? http://blip.fm/~6izc9
@edziardo HR is an interesting field  Frustrating sometimes,but what field isn't?Let's learn from each other then 
So I went with that and then blocked that person. Tired of getting her requests. Alyways thought she was a biatch to me. 
@bryan_mark I'm getting to old for this.  Tough stringing back to back nights together.  I'll send ya a few pics 
Comece bem a semana, envie e-mail marketing com o Easy Mailing wwww.dinamize.com 
@Stardom718 yeahhh ok....now that u added me, weLcome 2 the wonderfuL worLd of spanishbLiss!!   
@Dim0nd_PrInceSs yeah, but i got lots of inches to fill.  i've got nothing up top right now 
@KhloeKardashian You look good already girl...but thats awsome! Committed to Fitness....me too 
Hurray for the Fail Whale  I blame @JayGarrett ;-)
@conchordsnet ok just played back the version on Distant Future- its motherboard fucking systems dooooown! 
Enjoying listening to Blackout from start to finish, classssss 
@5DollarDinners That is a LOT of strawberry and rhubarb? Sale or garden? 
@Honesty666  *Sends a bucket load of whatever you need * 
Excited about this week....and the fact that there are only THREE WEEKS left of school. 
&quot;...Cause there's something you do, that got me walking on the moon...&quot; #musicmonday eh although i hate the dream this song is toocute 
@TanyaMorgan I'm late, but my vote is for She's Gone. 
Excited for the DWTS two night finale 
@MzDavis09 ok...sounds good!! Ill send out a text b4 430, so we can get a meeting place 
There's a storm!  .. Hail, rain, thunder and lightning ;D
@breedersatp thanks for a great weekend!! Highlight was defo Wire and Shellac 
Attack System: Havent tested it yet lol.  Sounds pretty good though. http://tinyurl.com/qlznjt
reclame f f originale  Another 16 Creative Ads in Unusual Places: http://www.oddee.com/item_96672.aspx
@Wintrale Lolz, seems everyone got their Sackboy today. Save for a few who got it AGES ago. Ah well. Least it's here now. 
Draw a happy face - you'll feel good afterwards!!  ? (via #zenjar )
Thin's his just fount the perfect location for the Stimulus Residential 
It's not in our Bomb theme... but I ran out of credits to give!@changedaworld: &quot;I'll be back later!!!!   keep... ? http://blip.fm/~6j34q
Thankful that myspace classifieds is free... 
The Airborne Toxic Event is tomorrowwwwww! 
@LaVernB Wrap, baby, wrap! I'm here for ya!.. I am doing ok! Cloudy here &amp; waiting on the oil man, but still having a decent day! 
Not bad for my first day back from the PMS-Land.. Clocked in 5km slow run..Felt so gd aftr all that venting frm wrk..  
Mix of sun and clouds. Highs in the mid 70s and lows in the low 60s. sunday 
@sofia_shrapnel Break it on her head? Over her arse? In her face? The options are endless 
@brandonbrown I'm not sure. I just found out that I'm going june 4th for my internship. 3 days after I move to midland. Exciting 
&quot;Why Unicorns are a Fatal Stain on Humanity&quot; by T.E.I.T.N.L.   Yeppers.
Updated my playlist song cos the previous one was screwed up.  Knock you down and out of this club 
I totally am perturbed about the people who show up @ my apt... hmm.. Ill be nice 
Home with babes 
Drinking tea on my balcony  Beautiful day.
Lovely haze free morning in the hills around Rome. Taken while fixing flat tyre on hire car  #fb http://mypict.me/1ndY
Philippines! 1 Liter of Tears! I don't know if it'll be as moving as I have watched it on the internet but it's worth watching for 
@problogger Turn it into the DarrenRowse Lifestream 
@AlisonBlaire  You pull out the pan flute, &amp;Ill grab my tambourine! 
I packed my bookcase for the move! What?! Small steps!  http://twitpic.com/5ogjl
Writing fantastic book. More to come soon. Enough writing for one night... 
Wanted: Weapons of Fate has been 1k'ed. Moving on! 
@OfficialSTaylo damn missed you by a few!! Chat later today!! *hugs*  
Proud that my dad's room officially had the latest party at the convention 
Just maths today, hopefully Ill get home early to play some tf2 with the new update 
listening to Waiting for yesterday 
Watching Hard Knocks: Training Camp with the Dallas Cowboys. Gotta love NFL Network 
@andydick Guessing... ok I give. What?! 
@QueenSeema Fate rarely calls up at a moment of our choosing..... . 
Fate rarely calls upon at a moment of our choosing..... . 
@HickoryFarms Free Shipping. I doubt that you ship to germany but really nice offer 
@DruSkeez_Beat hey! follow me so I can send u a direct msg, pls 
I'm 31 in exactly one week. Listening to #samsparro and love the song pocket  the words are good.
.... The Essential Iron Maiden (liner notes by Friend  ), Circle 2 Circle's Burden of Truth, Opeth's Watershed, Motorhead's No Remorse...
@kulit Maltese is cute. Flurry ones are my fav too. 
note to self: when awed/ amazed/ etc. about something, the correct expression to utter is &quot;Fascinating!&quot; 
(@lovelightliz) note to self: when awed/ amazed/ etc. about something, the correct expression to utter is &quot;Fascinating!&quot; 
@Unloved777 there is! it took me a while to realise haha. you goto 'snap a picture' then on the top right you click snap or upload 
Sex and the city   http://myloc.me/1nj6
Dumpy fixed, Suckbox Fixed.... Next cute sizza just started  yihaaaaa!!!!
Oh to hell w/ it. @pad4thai We all learn something new every day. So forget about it. Worry is a waste of time. 
Its dry !! been for my walk and have come home with dry paws  Met a funny looking dog and boy did he stink. Worse than a wet human urgh
Unfortunate email grammar error: Sender wrote &quot;copulation&quot; but really meant &quot;compilation.&quot; This significantly brightened my work day.  #fb
@stevepavlina Unforgettable stories and insights would be nice to hear/watch 
Everyday is exciting. You never know what or who the future will bring.... 
@bbum He sucks? True. But you'll need to be more specific on _why_! 
@ A's abode with M...keep up with the Acronyms... 
@JonathanAB Problem, what problem! LOL! I'm smiling, there can be no crisis too big today... 
@dnsnow @Gay_Burns @Keryje Thanks for my #followfriday 's! I'm off to Body Combat, kick, punch, vizualise, kick, punch...  #twitfit
AdamLambertNews found Satisfaction video, so veerrryyy happy  thx 4 the heads up, just hope itunes uploads kiss video. will b tickled pink
@willislim oh that reminds me I must get season 2 Burn Notice off u 
on ticketmaster, searching for No Doubt tickets. I should hurry and buy them soon!! I'll buy them tomorrow 
Everyday is exciting. You never know what or who the future will bring.... 
Awaken by drama at my apartamento, trying to get back to sleep after some slight crazinesss 
On my way to go home. Listening to carolina liar-done stealin 
Join this Positive Revolution @ www.iwantapositiveheadline.com  Brilliant idea, I have thought abt this for a long time!
Full house breakfast to start the day 
Recess is on DIsney  
Checking out all the bands that are supporting all time low. They're pretty good. Specially Stealing O'Neal 
Going to get our car from the valet! Stylish things that we are 
@MarioSoulTruth can I create your twitter Background cause im bored n feeling like doin it  lol im designer 
@mama_b_10 wooooo! Listening to jada!  Its way passed my bedtime  woooo
boreddddddddddddddddddddddd....so excited for Cancel Out Cancer! 1 week to go 
Just had my morning coffee in the garden. Not a cloud in the sky. Easily the best way to start the day. 
On TSA today: no idea. Leaving it in the capable hands of the team. Who need to update the Store post. Hint. 
http://twitpic.com/5oj85 - Tired!! Falling asleep on a sun lounger 
We The Kings follow me  Doubt its the actual WTKs however. Getting a home cooked meal tonight from someone who claims to be a good cook...
 @AriaaJaeger Created from the realms of Light, pure love commands the fold When you think and speak with love, a new world you'll behold~
@Mezandy @moopf  thanks for the FFs! 
Beautiful day, beautiful life, the music of the weekend pulsating with joy, and You here to play in the magical scenario we create 
I'm off to bed. G'Nite tweets. Parting is such sweet sorrow. LOL 
Promise to work out tonite 
@HGJohn know what you mean. Endless struggles with no gains either side! Lol toddler wars 
watching ''Days of our Lives'' 
oh, Sweat, i missed you. Perspiration is the best. 
Playing at &quot;.G&quot; this friday night. Free entrance for smiling people 
@babblingbrookie I was excited to hear randy jackson is helping you with your record! I love Hold up my Heart &amp; can't wait for your cd! 
@jemimah_knight I get really tired of people who label your not sharing their speciality as ignorance. You're not ignorant. Fear not 
Google Chrome 2 Brings New Features and Serious Speed -&gt; much improved!   http://viigo.im/EHf
Excuse me - I have to go buy some aliens and some glow-in-the-dark stars with Jackzilla. 
@souljaboytellem my ego's seduktiv! Self explanatory! 
@AshleyLTMSYF http://twitpic.com/5ld9h - Beautiful, ladies you look great  
Excited about some awesome geeky stuff 
  To The Death! An awesome random comic for the certifiably not sane. (  )
@sid88 hahaha that sounded like an Alcoholics Anonymous first day meet 
Just implemented Disqus comments on my blog. Tested and it works fine. Now to trash the post! 
@occdrogheda will do my best. Talk to the BNI peeps in drogheda. They'll all go!! 
Excited and anticipating my day with my girl.  I miss her soo dearly!!
is at Hogs Breath waiting for a table 
Looking forward to seeing The Neds &amp; We Crash Planes in Wolves on Sat  http://bit.ly/pa3d1
Fate is like getting raped, If you can't fight, learn to enjoy it 
@andywalton LOL... me too.  After that tweet Daily_Devotions followed me   Insta-block(tm)
Friendly Advice: do NOT jump on a trampoline after eating almost a bucket of watermelon. Impossible to hold it in. You will up chuck. 
Deadline's over. I'm not.  - http://tweet.sg
.@dandypig has assumed driving responsibilities. Speed will undoubtedly drop now 
@midgetmum It sounds like you've nearly done. Brilliant 
Soon, the holidays.  Happiness !
@fontomas the cruel Truth 
says PLurk till we drop na Chasters!! Noise!!  http://plurk.com/p/vfu9u
Anghy is Awake 
Getting ready for a busy day off!! Spending it with the grandchildren 
@catatonickid @YogaChicky @nplayfair I think that app has been removed. Score 1 for Stigma Busters! 
Trying to juggle a whole load of work. Prioritizing what to do first. There are more than seven important things to be done... 
@wide_receiver  Thanks Receiver of the Wide x
I waited up for the Sniper update and now it's here, I can't be bothered to play it xD Ah well, Blogging now 
Empty aisle is bliss  freedom is bliss 
@pogosgal awww thank you! Cheered me right up that did 
Dustbox and Friendly Fires. Two new bands I like.  I still want some Brando Workshop stuff. o.o
No flour, no butter, peanut butter cookies http://tinyurl.com/d5dtop. Dead easy and really nice, particulary when they're still warm  #fb
Partying At Home 
@Aythem It changes things, and then goes on to say that it changes things since it's an alternate timeline.  Brilliant 
@Milonare who's denying? me, i have a banner and a t-shirt  Denial is futile ;) isss a diseeeeaaaaase hehehe.
Redo @eyekobeauty not @eyeko It's hard to flick from page to page to get names for #followfriday! 
@apolaine I use Flock...have a go 
@paudecanela_nz Boring!!!! (Sticking my tongue out @ you) LOL 
Online.... But, Fully Occupied!! 
Shift the Balance From Control to Participation.  http://bit.ly/5sHsg
@EWOODKID im redefining BBW..  Tired of haters.. tho i don't get many.. 
@brianbrandt Same to you 
@parkinsonliam :p *Punches fish* 
Maybe I've just seen The Unbearable Lightness Of Being too recently 
@GreenIslandArt yay - hello fellow ato  I started a blog, but was rubbish at actually doing it. I love your blog! Beautiful poppies btw
is up and breathing. Alive to see another beautiful day. Feeling very blessed today 
Morning All! Beautiful day here despite the weather forecast 
@jeffreecuntstar http://twitpic.com/5nsnf - I want one ! Payday + gorgeous shirt in 6 days and counting 
Inspired by the world's shortest poem, here is my latest blog effort! http://bit.ly/19KHvQ  
@lisajean55 missed qualifying by about 3 min in march so I'm waiting for lottery results. It would be my 1st Full so I'm a little anxious 
@musewire :O  Wow.  Actual news.  
@taratomes The #Tormented premiere was a fantastic event - loved it; well done guys. Especially liked the school uniform theme! 
The 21st Century Breakdown album certainly has awesome songs and I like it! 
hmmm think it's time to read Breaking Dawn til I'm ready to sleep... leave me things to read. plz? 
Beautiful day today, waiting for bubs to wake up then we got places to go people to see...then get packed for our weekend at the seaside 
@hot30 more people need to vote for Short Stack Sway Sway baby,you should play it  just for me   haha kidding, but play it hey ;) plz
@raamthakrar that's just wrong.  hurt.  Shocked. 
Payday and the weekend looming 
@patvandiest cicisite adalah rekan kelasmu waktu di 1-9 pat, beliau bikin account banyak, sisanya buat back up kayaknyah  Re: WTF cicisite
@LAMBDangerZone LOL Danger! shake that butt! shake it i say! haha..  love that song!
It's beautiful out today  listening to The Bigger Lights on shuffle, they're my favorite band at the moment &lt;3
@StaciJShelton Key Happiness Strategy: Keep a dream journal. What do you want to be when you grow up? &lt;-A full time writer 
says she can't work anymore. Excited to see a very long lost friend. 9 years!  http://plurk.com/p/vgdpo
Stuck here when I should be cleaning up this rathole..  (And I'm going to make blueberry pie for the travelers ;) Don't tell them!)
@ashetler should this link to the tools one? Cause it links to a bird one and I don't get it. 
Today I WILL do geography revision. If I get distracted come on here please tell me off. Cruel to be kind and all that. 
Listening to Same Mistake by James Blunt... Loving the lyrics 
Skill bingo winner has been chosen - 100 quid on the way to them! 
Now that our EP is out, we're finishing up the &quot;Planet Discovery&quot; album. Will talk to labels soon and new projects are on the way 
@simultech solved issue: instead of event handlers etc, just created a TaskCue with Task objects with setup/finish/step function pointers 
Watch a video interview from Ex London Bus Driver,who is now a Internet Entreprenuer   http://bit.ly/16riuv
Excited for my overdue hair appointment 
Going to meet a new Beautiful face for the agency 
@TammyOfsanik WIth the EVAs over, I can focus solely on my team  Tee hee 
@Tarale   True that!
@mickelous Talk to your rep on CUP 
@Peulo ou nga eh parang same meaning ng &quot;The Climb&quot; By miley cyrus 
while packing, i put Chasing Pavements by Adele on repeat. 
@_thien   Miam 
False alarm!! // I found them... 
&quot;You just good, that's all!&quot;.  Burn, K-Doe, Burn (addressed to himself)   
FINALLY!! I found my We The Kings Owns Your Face shirt that I lost about 2 monthes ago! I must wear it! 
@JCrewCutie82 Negative people are all around; at the store, at the gymnastics club, at work..miserable peeps and I don't want to listen 
@KeithLFC Beautiful place though rainin or not ! I'm jealous 
I am Re-Defining bbw = bold beautiful wonderful!! 
good morning loves  Rise &amp; shine &lt;3 I going to Idlewild now
I gotta go to a writing work shop tomorrow. Excited 
@johnnyminkley Kill Streret Spirit or No Surprises and I'll kill you! Thats a promise! 
Forecast for #brighton this weekend is sun, sun, sun. 
Is Awaiting the Leinster Madness 
@megasherwin Brilliant 
@Hyper8 very cute song 
Looking for a pretty messed up &quot;horror&quot; movie? I suggest watching Splinter. Full of stupid peoples decisions and broken bones 
@OneLuvGurl pun intended?  -right now I rather have Pause than Fast Forward 
@aixelsiD A fairly solid argument.  Reason ten leaves me wondering a bit...that's suppose to sell me? 
@mini_man57 I'm leaving in a bit babes  about 10mins so I should be back about 4ish maybe? Ill text you
Watching the Pokerstars on TV  Strange the odds of winning these tournaments is now almost considered impossible 
@LilianeRausch i'm sure i will  Thanks for the Tip 
@D_Child hey thanx! followin' U too!! and yeah it was really fun!! tweet ya 
@MicroGTD Perfect! 
Beautiful morning..wine tasting this morning.. what a way to start the day 
Beautifulsunny morning ... And the World Spins Madly On 
Of course, thanks for the positive vibes yesterday too!  #FollowFriday @nashvillest, @nitweet, @BlessedBy3Kids, @SuzanneReed, (Cont.)
Hard work never killed anyone.  But why take a chance?  
@BookEndsJessica Stalling on something specific or just a general state of being at the moment? 
Boom! I gots 'The Climb' stuck in my head. 
Curious about: &quot;Google Almost Bought a Paper | Reuters&quot;  Close call!   ( http://bit.ly/ZmYtt )
Count down to the weekend.....2 hours to go ppl  
SO excited to go home to Mentor today! Funny, since I was begging to leave last year at this time. Distance makes the heart grow fonder 
@javashri Bloody good question! 
@naomitarz Piece of tape over the camera? 
Rockin out to some Death from Above and The Knifeomw to work!  I &lt;3 Adrienne!  
@Digressive  Just set the GoogleUpdate.exe service to not start if you don't like it.  Mind it might reenable it when you *choose* to upd.
We are still in SC &amp; I'm listening System Of A Down on my iPod 
@Young6 Drink 4 me 
@Wrapstar Priceless!  
@Tojosan Ah... Short day before a long weekend. Shiny! 
@bobbyedner That would be Zero 
I'm going to see No Doubt tomorrow hooray! 
Free house this weekend.  Wooooohooooo 
@christianaty Cheer up. 
http://bit.ly/uXyOv 10 blockbuster dvd movies, for 10 uk pounds or nok 100 kroner! Free delivery! This one's mine 
@barboletas Thank you, dear. Embarrassing cake dances are always appreciated! 
Cartoons and packing 
@Byte_Size yea, i stinks, i have no milk, or well anythiing else at the moment 
http://ping.fm/p/uI40O - Beautiful morning out. 
@chefrp I will be in at #iguana at 11:30 and Slingers by 11. Told aleah &quot;sharpie&quot; said hi - she smiled. 
Excited for the long weekend 
@PhillyD oh dont you love stuff like that  u and ur gf have a safe trip and lots of fun!! Beware of dogs and cops! Lol
@positivitycoach Radio?  I thought radio died 10yrs ago!   I'm thinking of the band &quot;Atmosphere&quot; who's sold out at the Slowdown tonight.
@Daily_Record well obviously the almighty GERSSSSS!! 
Playing &quot;Play with fire 2&quot; on the web 
@landiceleigh SHAVE IT. Aim wont let me sign on because it fails at life? So you have to come on msn later 
@theDebbyRyan Inspirational quote. 
@morganpressel I just checked the Leader Board @ LPGA, you did great yesterday. Shoot a 6under 66 
@skiNZ_Official woohooooooooooo!! is stalking ya! 
@HubertGAM  probably a good Idea 
Beautiful day! Windows down- sun roof open and jammin to joanna cotten on the way to the office! 
Wow! Beautiful day out. 
Blown 30 quid on a cardigan from selfridges. It is worth it though! 
@dubh @dubdotdash @solarosa @jesstherese Chhers for the set compliments guys! Enjoyed inflicting some Kiwi on the Chicagoans 
@WhippetOut Awe fank U 
Color me happy today. Hanging out with my boys 
It's raining and it's friday  Boring !!!
i am watching Fall Out Boy on the TODAY show! They are awesome! 
@CLBuchanan Cheering is so helpful - my brother surprised me around 17k one year and it was such a boost to get to the end 
@CrystalPosey skip shower, eat in car, go in pj's! Problem solved. you're welcome 
@njfamilymag Free chocolate?! You don't have to tell me twice 
C'mon! Only 19 away already for todays goal!!! Spread the word to follow @Medinagals on this great #follow friday! 
Listenin to Poker Face by @ladygaga. I love all her songs 
Booked! but  I have to go in from 11 to do a client who wants my Hair Extensions badly! lol...  Come on  in ladies:718-249-7531wowisit.com
@amethystlexi That's good! Enough you know you did a good workout then. 
@julesjulesjules OK, now I see why you won't eat for rest of month. V. nice. Extravagant u 
Grad practice is lame. Helpin kuff out for the last time then hanging out with carrie 
@sheasylvia I &lt;3 the Cure 
One week old here! Targeting more followers. I hope so. 
@clinek I agree with the pilgrimage.  Mind stopping by and picking me up on your way?  could we deduct the cost of the trip too?
Great headline today in WSJ: Ticker Switch Lets NYSE Traders Use 4-Letter Words. 
@empoor How's it coming along? Mind you, at least you're further than me 
@mileycyrus @ddlovato @selenagomez Just saw the Friends for Change commercial and you guys are fantastic, way to represent a good cause 
@pamslim Sounds like an opportunity for more &quot;being&quot; and less &quot;doing.&quot;  Important, but tough to live out.  I have scars to show for it.  
@JewelsLB *slides cup'o'joe across the counter* Quick, drink up! 
wow, music from the sims is actually enjoyable! Random gibberish 4tw! 
Outta here in about 2 1/2 hours. Home is calling to me  Lots of cleaning tonight and i'm looking forward to it....
@jillybean648: Safe travels my &quot;tweet&quot; friend 
@imrichb ever stick your phone in your back pocket? Random phone calls with full length VMs of random noise, talk, radio, motion 
Is on her way to nashville with derek. Excited to see her family! 
The church sign stating, 'Jesus- Dying to know you' is on your team. 
Scale gods were pleased this morning  whoo hoo! #sparkpeople
@slipaustin join a running group! Rogue is next door to FG2 - http://tinyurl.com/rxoufo I've been running 10yrs, might call it my passion 
Phototip: Theme today is happiness. So let's give this photo a hearty smile.  http://bit.ly/gVJ9f
@DC_FAN haha ISolated INcident was hilarious  and i LOVE Vicious Circle and Rough Around the Edges.
Excited because I haven't been to a local show in a while with @MEFV and @romeinflames ...can't wait to see @tokilltheking and FTTQ! 
Excited for today 
Boss just said the word promotion in our weekly chats. . I haven't even been here a year yet. 
@tommcfly #votemcfly Is in the Trending topics 
@CarlosMic &quot;The Notebook&quot; moved me to tears too, never to judge, just to know you better 
Beautiful weather outside 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5o0ze - Addicted to the song already so i can't wait to see the video 
Man I'm so happy today, going to see 2 friends that I've missed so much. Listening to good music always helps! 
Returning some pulled looks from a line called  Smash then to a lunch date 
@kroq Listening right now on line 
 Something better than the Free Hugs Campaign- http://bit.ly/F10Sg
@alliecine Most definitely on both.  Spending a good portion of the next three days working to finish up.
@juneAmbrose Breath, Focus, Smirk &amp; Move Forward 
Gone to get dinner ffrom the chinese  Backk soooonn!
@dparis1 ~ I am glad I checked out the event... It was a great set of peeps. cars. and music. Yes, Shots will be over to you today! 
My twitter is so lonely. So why do I update it? Boredom, I'm guessing. 
I'm off guys. Catch you later for some #followfridays. Right @realradiosteve? That boy just doesn't take a hint!!  x
Gone to dig in the dirty and make purdy flowers with the kids b4 the rain flows in on us 
Who's happy! I'm happy   hahaha. Wow. Hyper.
@Murder_Maiden Wow. Newsflash anyone? 
@eilla going by your tweets there should be tons to write about  Tip: write a draft in the language your most conf. with, then translate.
@jordanknight Count me in 
@pampritchard Thanks! And congrats to you too! Hard to believe 10 years when you think about it, huh. 
Playin with my new BlackBerry and getting ready to watch Failure To Launch! 
@adrienneeee omg didn't see this tweet earlier. Congrats!!!!  Proud of you, girl!
Jury duty calls...I have to report at 9am...they say no phones, but we shall see! I'll just put it on silent until they call my name. 
I just managed to flash-freeze a pav. Out of the fridge, straight into the microwave for 40 secs. Hard as stone 
@dubdotdash Full-body longjohns with a hood, is what I'm talking.  A merino version of what those speedskaters wear.
@Ames1103 def dont be afraid of color! Especially in the summer! Perfect time to get started showing off Neon Eyes! 
A team effort produced curry, naan, tikka masala, &amp; berries &amp; cream for dessert. Entire house, 19 ppl, reduced to silence or &quot;nom nom&quot;. 
@Graydancer like the line from *Airplane* &quot;It's a damn good thing you don't know how much he hates your guts&quot;.  Fellow parent sympathies 
watching Dark Angel &amp; relaxing, busy week ahead of me!  Stay Postive xxo
@cbryant68 hey - I've been out of the loop for a week or more. Catch me up on available builds, please. Save me loads of reading 
&quot;Hand shredded ass meat.&quot; Makes me glad to be a vegetarian  http://syndicated.livejournal.com/engrishfunny/196841.html
3 mile walk today and the Smart Bells express class. Perfect tuesday combo, if I do say so myself. 
saved the first 20 chapters of &quot;Emotional Butane&quot;. 
Same to you @patita! How have ya been, querida?  ? http://blip.fm/~73yjb
@sunny_cupcake Another lady was driving 5 mph through an intersection and was honking her horn at everyone. Slow driving kill people. 
Just got off my first shift.  This is going to be a good job.  Tiring, but good 
Homebound 
Great High Def video of Led Zepagain cover band, Zep Set, covering Immigrant Song:  http://bit.ly/zepcat1 recorded by me 
A smile is the perfect gift. Free, easy, feels good. 
@elizapatricia http://twitpic.com/61534 - Proud to be an iowan 
Sexism in the workplace. It def works in my favour 
@thek2 The Waiting is the Hardest Part 
is bringing the European Dream closer. 
Relient k! High of 75 
@KenyB Routine can be very comforting at times. 
Another late night on the web for me...I get acknowledged tomorrow for graduating with Honors! Smart chica ain't I?!?!?   
@butterfly3312 I guess it works   Lol ! Simple but funny and look forward what happen.
Random movie night with R and #3... random, yet put a smile on my face   I think that booze is going to my head and it's time for bed...
@Zero315 Lol not today  Its called cellufun.com or somethin like that.
Yay ... Home and away is on in 2 minutes!! 
Roadtrip tomorrow morning 
@maxvoltar it'd be interesting to see a bit of your design process as well. Crowdsourcing ftw 
@876 &quot;testing, testing&quot;...*Exploding ball of gas*...*micro solo beep*... Agent: &quot;huh, looks like it might need a new battery&quot;  heehee
@YaeBoogie greeeaaat! Dreading work in the am...but what else is new! 
@jaymartinez No worries. Far important to get the twins to sleep 
Reflecting on the coaching I've offered today to those recently laid off. Inspiring and fulfilling. v. happy. 
@lilalam WOOT! Thats awesome. Ill do it with ya next time 
is saying &quot;funny how you never know who you're going to need or who will need you. Respect Yourself+Respect Others! 
b back fam!! Playing Spades!! 
http://twitpic.com/61gb0 - from: Silence of the Lambs  &quot;It rubs the lotion on it's skin or else it gets the hose again...&quot;
really excited about http://www.tellaworld.com ! Spread the word 
new interview with @Official_TJCA right b4 debby's party! http://bit.ly/q1PZV    those girls were so sweet.
@TabithaSnow lolz of course! Makes perfect sense now  I'll save the kissing for another night. Hard to distinguish the two in the dark
@zerolove LOL. Congratulations! Empty nest syndrome yet? 
Bands i heard today: mayday parade, blink 182, hit the lights, etc. But the one i was stoked about was Escape The Fate.  sick!
@CarePathways &lt;blush&gt;  love &amp; Light
Who's ready to show us their cock next??  Stand up and share 
Just jamming on the decks... All 6 of them!!!!!! Close to a world record there fun night   http://yfrog.com/0z5kbj
Off to do my Light Rigid drivers' license tomorrow so I'll be allowed to drive the buses we use with the balloons here in the city 
@falcon124 Have fun! I got my Heavy Artic licence years ago and have never really used it 
@MsShaleah2u woooord? dang like that. thanks! pahahahhaah lol  and u must be one of the best singers I've ever heard.Blow my life away
@sendai Hip-hooray! It's yo birthday!  Another revolution; congratulations.
Single and looking only if you're looking 
Hour away from myrtle beach. Kant wait to check n hotel. Tired of road. At least magic won 
@thisgirlrox ty  ill need it, or some sort of Miracle,
@fkzl WSET Basic Course http://is.gd/Gm3r Could be worth a try. Ask who will be doing the talk first 
Animal Collective was ridiculous tonight. Perfect birthday! Thanks to everyone for the posi birthday wishes today. 
Republicans just love spoiled, drunken frat boys. They can't get enough!  Fine by me - we'll keep winning. #tcot
@LexaShmexa Hear yours, too. Member of Sea Sherpherd.   Loved that the Euro seal ban passed. 
@afirmin *high-pitched-girly-shriek* you have made my day! Scrap that, week! 
@g_gila You're most welcome!  And it's a sacrifice we all appreciate! Full of C4, dimples, tongue &amp; sexual innuendos.
@weareholdfire http://twitpic.com/61r4b - Closer than Mole has ever got!! 
@wickedlibrarian Ah - a schoolboy error. Nowhere near the crime of double denim though 
@jennysunphoto Solution(s): Pack gear in thinktank and roll it to the nearby eatery. Two problems solved 
http://twitpic.com/65v13 - Important team meeting in progress 
Vote for me for calendar girl of the year go to www.hooterscalendar.com/vote (you can vote everyday!) thanks 
watching The Forgotten with @sprinkleton 
Going Gluten Free 
My Background is ferris wheels  It's because I love and Fear them 
@micronaut Hip kids today don't have the attention span for entire words. 
@Surrender40 you guys are doing a awesome work 
Old kitchen furniture was out in the yard for less than one hour. Its gone to its new home now  Amazing what will happen when you put  ...
@littlewhip All part of his curse.  Phenomenal world crushing power but contained in the cutest widdle face 
@deepthibollu  True. Flashes in the pan all.
Blow drying hair  
Watching the movie Bedtime Stories with Ethane... my cuddle monster 
If you enjoyed my battle with Sex, send me a tweet #sytycd 
http://twitpic.com/65whm - Random kid as I walked by, she hid her face then did this 
My daddy brought me a Fire Fly in a jar...and i cant stop smiling about it! lol 
Excited about the long weekend i have 
http://twitpic.com/65wob - Sort of missing my jet black hair. Just sort of 
@LlNUS True, but the crop of GMs you have now try to enforce the rules a little better  They are great!!
....looking forward to waking up &amp; playing with my baby princess some more tomorrow. I love that baby. Stoked for this summer. 
@ThatAnnaGirl Promise me you'll eat the other half of that slice in 9 days for my birthday  
@Marijuana_News @thesselonious @simplypimpin @knotby9 @Drizzle772 @BishImmaStar @GenderQ #followfriday &amp; show some love! 
Crashing on the couch again. Story of my life 
@drmani ... when I shifted my focus from the problems of CHD to seeking SOLUTIONS! Result: 47 operations! &lt;-- Kudos to you DrMani  Respect
Dyed my hair! 
@B_Now there will be much drunk tweeting that weekend. Beware. 
is studying for her ROM exam tomorrow. Fixing to hit the hay. TGIF! 
I know its a joke, but I spiritually agree  &quot;The Truth About Lisp&quot; http://secretgeek.net/lisp_truth.asp
Sex is back! 
http://twitpic.com/65ymz - French Tip 
@julie_luck True. But the pictures are worth it 
healthy running at the moment. Kill Paradise 
Yay, bro read my tweet and came back online. Spoke with him for sometime  Now start of work
610th tweet goes to: @thisisryanross @therealspencersmith @amazondotjon @brendonuriesays . Cause they're amazing like that.  [:
@the78msj &quot;ah got nuttin but love fa ya baby!&quot; - cue the Heavy D track 
Made it to shenzhen! Bus onto island next (100rmb, 40min). Then, cab to hostel. Li'l cloudy. 72F.  
@shallomj yup! Same here 
@JoeJonas1Fan1 haha sweeet  oh me too. i love it when he acts like a little kid. &lt;3
@PadPax I tried reading A Canticle for Leibowitz! when I was a teen but didn't like it. Picked it up again a decade later and enjoyed it. 
@Les_Lie yep we went...and i got a really cute game for T and i to play  i saw some nice toys 4 u!!
@Chinks1023 
@MrTweet_Alert I Recomend @JairekRobbins  and @chrishusong they are the best 
I still wanna live in sixties nyc, smoke cigarettes and work in the ad world. Perfect. 
ahh another great episode of Burn Notice 
@qatesiuradewyo Talk to Morpheus. Whisper sweet nothings to him. 
@tanisharenee you'll love her debut album too &quot;What to do with Daylight&quot; amazing album full of deep lyrics and meaningful thoughts 
Still Home 
@bittersweetm Small world! We've probably fought each other for Metro seats a time or 2. 
@beautyandlace Pinks, Blues &amp; Greens are best for dining rooms. Explanation to follow 
Spread the word about www.cantstoptheserenity.com and following @csts ? We're only weeks away from our first event!! 
On myspace. Texting kristine and watching george lopez. 
@HungryGirl lisa I'm begging for some electronic pressure cooker recipes. I LOVE it!  Turn a 4 hour meal into a 10 minute one. Begging! 
@Xtal @duffmcduffee life has no &quot;purpose&quot;. There. Problem solved. 
Astro reruns shows too much! Two I don't mind rewatching again n again? Biggest Loser n Leverage! 
@slseveral I don't mind repeating myself. Spontaneous follow love 
Sick Reading Manga Fox!!!!!!  Tomorrow nalang ulit  
Hard work tomorrow. 
Layoffs @ ESPN, a Biggest Loser video game, + a triad chair that helps women get pregnant?!?!   xii@6am FRIIIIIIDAY!!! 
@jyesmith I love ice cream. Fine, I'll take her. 
Talking to an old friend  need followers. Cause i feel like a loser.
''The trapeze act was wonderful, but never meant to last...''  I'm snuggled in my bed.  Break-offs blow. But I still love love 
Recently finished a book I started about a year ago: &quot;Stranger in a Strange Land&quot;.  Loved it   Eager to read more Heinlein.
Save the parks, sell the Governor's mansion.  
@sizzlemaker Isn't smart and sexy so cool?  Matter of fact, she still looks pretty good after all these years
@lilyroseallen i finished my remix of &quot;The Fear&quot; feel free to leave your thoughts on it  http://bit.ly/G220f
I went on the stickam chat again tonight. So much fun! Signing off, good night!  
Random fact: I love moving my cursor around pages which show sprinkles everytime the cursor moves. It feels like a magic dust 
I'll leave na. Catch you later, guys 
@tereshkova2001 Fishy requests at some point a pie that is just rhubarb.  
Home relaxxin!  Excited about dis weeknd.. friday wit p0ps &amp; lil sis.. then saturday wit da rest of the fam for my nephew 1st bday party!
@Record_Attempt so for those of us that haven't yet experienced the free Wodonga wifi, waiting will provide sunshine and rainbows 
#TwitterChallenge Predict the future of blogging in a tweet! Dare to accept the challenge? @ me so that I dont miss it out 
@jilldyche take omeprrazole an half-hour before eating the cake, nightly on both. Fix you right up 
Excited for my first live wifi battle in a long time, tomorrow. 
@NicBall I don't remember lol. Ill ask you tomorrow 
@nathalie88 Alone at home too ;) Eating cereals and watching videoclips on TV. Atm: Coldplay's Life in technicolor II yeah 
@MrTweet_Alert - thank you kindly, such a sweet tweet! 
@blctxt I'm good. Listening to music. Some a hot mess (from artists) and some great (from a producer)  How are you?
Home early 
@sweetcherrypop Same here help when I can 
Careful not to burst into flames 
Bonfire was a blast! Doing my shark lesson tomorrow 
@samhouseman amazing! Ill pay you if you do one of us  xxxxxx
@shooop lol i didnt know you liked them! Ill send care packages from now on 
And hi to @88Links as well 
On the bus to work..last night was funnnn  waking up still wearing my heels however, was not so fun. Feet hurt sooooo much!
Illegal online movies 
Truth is one. Paths are many. 
@cognoscento You know our age difference doesn't seem that much now but in 1989, weren't you about 14? I turned 18 that year. Enough said 
@Goon360 Positive feedback is always awesome   Thanks dude 
@abaggy I noeeees.  Insulting!  I mean, I look like a kid, but cmon now. 
@christifaith  haha..u got a motto too?
@DrWhoNews Screams very loudly! That's so cool! I want one 
Sleeping. Dreaming about a dork &lt;--- whale penis hahaha jk jk 
@graemeken1 Morninks.  Fine and dandy and sunny here. 
Vote green! http://voteordie2009.eu/ 
Bloody knackered this morning, wearing lovely new beautiful sandals to work today 
@DesiMatlock Wow! Impressive! I psyched about Wave.  
@freshoil I'M on phone has been cutting in and out. Not good reception where I'm staying. Home in a few hours 
@leesargent busrage  deodarant would not have solved this persons issues - a week long bath might have  Safe home now tho ..whew
listening to &quot; Fevers and Mirrors&quot; , while drinking malt liquor and scratching  #lottery tickets 
Excited about going to the tattoo shop tonight 
Ah so next weekend I get to kick it w my boys @pacha for my boys 21st fuck yeh.. Normal life 
@DudeAsInCool Its not that bad. DMV Tip: Schedule ahead - Saves time and energy and we'll get you through faster 
@RICHYUNGKING Been what? Famous? haha 
@nino9 Change the profile picture dude...everywhere I see is the same picture 
@Joesther Exciting, isnt it?! 
Ahhh and ofcourse jamin my music medicine PRINCE- &quot;Beautiful 1's&quot; &lt;that trk, is 1 of the best songs EVER made, hands down! 
Eating oatmeal and watching Hoodwinked  @ Home http://loopt.us/9aIJFg.t
Listening to Awake and Dreaming ,  btw. It's the school holidays right now, this moment!  But to tell the truth I prefer going to school:/
Wow, thanks @LilianeRausch &amp; @KathyLeak lets begin the Ripple Effect; a little kindness goes a long, long way 
Dim the lights, turn it up, and be transported  ? http://blip.fm/~78ts7
@labellagorda Same here... We need to start a TDH aandolan it seems 
Beautiful day and it starts with physio.pain but at least its much more mobile 
Giving twitter client #seesmic a test run. So far impressed. Easy way to manage multiple accounts too 
Cheer up A cup 
@daveseaman Boooooh. Change the T-Shirts. 
@stevesong Brilliant map! Suggestions: Buttons for all-on/all-of &amp; label individual cable gfx with capacity &amp; latency info ? 
@GreenEarthVA  Worn out!
Proud owner of a new cheapo videocard, not sure if I'm contractually allowed to say what it is 
Proud owner of a new videocard, not sure if I'm contractually allowed to say what it is 
@RoundAboutTrvl Far too many kms in too short a period of time.  But A380 was nice 
Zero 7 - Destiny ][ shiz is live,bb. &lt;3 @chiron08 @aquaflush loving this zero 7 boomage. thankyou  ? http://blip.fm/~78ujh
@ddlovato http://twitpic.com/65r98 - You look amazing! Totally looove the jacket. I want one lol.Beautiful as always! 
@LucasGo Haha. I will! o.O Hows you?  Long time no @ reply.
@drudra I wish!  Friend needed some research done, so I helped her tweet it 
#Flawless# to win 
Quick spam  my newest pinup girl bag retro sexy mod and hot! http://bit.ly/18XeSb
Beautiful weather 
@hugslenali lol you are sweet and juicy O Beautiful One  now relaxe 
@travel_buzz True but best case exit rows have crew available to take over, pax evacuating is a last resort if crew are unable to direct 
@kevgibbo, @lyndoman - 101 Blogging Headlines, some great ones there  http://bit.ly/b8bwA  #linkbait
http://twitpic.com/667po - Speaks for itself really. Snapped in the pool 
@ashbetteridge have fun in Ruddland! Safe flight home 
wow!! thank you Boss!!! now I need to decide what to do with this unexpected fortune you gave me.. 
Beautiful friday...Lots of warm sunshine   Floating on a nice gentle high, and off for a walk by the river for pic-nic with friends 
@joyibuig Thanks! Haha. Spread the word! 
Awake and the cold is kicking in for real! Entourage is the cure 
@therichbrooks @jakks @amanda_pants Knock it dead today!  #followfriday
http://twitpic.com/669fc - The telltale signs have appeared ... a new Slung Low show is on tonight 
@pratheesh correction/corruption=Left politics 
FINALLY finished Tale of Two Cities last night.  I feel extremely triumphant.  
Oh how I loved the Extra intw!!! I &lt;3 em boys! 
Perfect perfect perfect day!!!!! 
@1capplegate  Fine thanks, and you???  
@cc_chapman Re your retweet about who 2 follow that's doing great things w/video for #followfriday ... @loubortone of course 
