Most common words for this cluster:
[('day', 1106), ('work', 1057), ('today', 151), ('tomorrow', 94), ('home', 58), ('time', 56), ('week', 47), ('morning', 33), ('weekend', 31), ('stuck', 29), ('way', 27), ('everyone', 27)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'day', 0.7717236876487732), (u'work', 0.6748304963111877), (u'Brainiac_Learn_something', 0.5869138240814209), (u"Today'sa", 0.5793983936309814), (u'morning_TheJournal.ie_brings', 0.5625077486038208), (u'just', 0.5603790879249573), (u'Some_antiflu_drugs', 0.557144045829773), (u'never_dieting_Shayk', 0.5565187931060791), (u'MCCORMACK_Good', 0.5522945523262024), (u'reading_Huetter', 0.5512194037437439)]





Just about to leave for another exciting day at work 
is finally home after a shitty day at work doing floorset...... 
flat out today didnt get everythin done &amp; endured massive headache, fever and nausea. still have to finish my essay &amp; work tomory all day 
@elanorelle Niceee... we ran out of filter coffee art work , not good  , forgot my bread to make toast bad start to the day
bugger, the spray paint just showed up, i spose that means no riding and doing work for me now    sad day!
@ChrisBaccam I just generally have a crappy day at work today. Ever been stuck in a job you used to love but now hate? Its not nice 
glorious sunny day and i'm stuck in work 
So it snowed last night. Not enough to call in for a snow day at work though. 
&lt;- likes to go out on this beautiful sunny day, and drive his cbr but got work to do 
why can't i change my picture&gt;?!?!?!? arghhhh ... at work all day 
@davefearon Wish I could come see everything but i'm at work all day 
At work, tho its friday its an awful friday, they have my take n income n calls for 9 hrs when I usually make outbound calls, what a day 
Coming back from a boring day at work  nothing was in so i'm tired and bored!
loooooooooong day at work today  but home chillaxin now 
@ModelMandyLynn I spent all day doing yard work too, ripping up stumps took me over 3 hours 
@work on such a warm day 
@ work. on day #6.  whts goin on with everyone?
stuck at work on this gorgeous day 
at work while friends are biking around central park on a beautiful day... 
What a day.....running around....bro lost his game  and i'm @ work for d night.....
missing the beautiful day by being inside doing work 
exhausted...long (but happy) day. lot of home work. and tomorrows sunday. last. day. of. spring. break. 
Longgggg day! Finally getting to bed, but work in the am 
is at work. It looks like it going to be a beautiful day. Today is the last day I see my husband for 5 weeks 
i just got home from a long day at work and i don't have my computer again to help me get to sleep 
@badassyella if it makes u feel better I stunned my small toe on the night stand thinking I was late 4 work... It was my day off 
has one last day full of work.. and then back to school tomorrow. 
Preparing myself for work tomorrow. People to call, things to organise... 1 day without work does not count as a weekend 
it's far too nice a day to be stuck at work 
Going back home after a lonh day at work 
the sun is shining, there is a slight breeze, a perfect day... and i am inside doing work 
early game today. work at 10:15.  barely any sleep. oh well. i have a walkie talkie. my day is all better.
could not make it the whole day at work, came home sick and feeling alot worse. 
@sitkacreations I wish - at work   Such a pretty day for a beach walk after brunch - enjoy your day!
i like texting people in the morning because work is slow. No one answers back though. 
@jradc  my day of hell at work ended just as badly as it started a whole 11 hours after i went in 
It's such a pretty day today.  I want to plant flowers.  It always puts a smile on my face but I have too much paper work to do.  
is bout to start this paper...then due spanish...sunday is my work day 
@gnimsh i'm sorry. just think you won't have any school work in 3 wks!  it's such a gloomy day in chicago.   won't be sunny/warm till wed
is at work because he didn't read an email E2E and there was an action item for him  ... I'll miss this sunny day 
ugh about to shower!  time to look lovely for another day at work hahaha
 real work day today
7 hours of work followed by room cleaning and my return to school...fun day 
A gorgeous day and I have to spend it at work helping prom kids pick out their tux 
had quite a productive day doing art work. not much left to do now! have to go to a r.s revision session tomorrow  school in holidays!!
Taking a break at work.... I really want a ciggarette.... On day 4 of no smoking... 
had a crap day at work, i hateeeee working sundays 
time for bed. another exciting day at the work 2mrw. cant wait. 
at work now, lovely day, @eckafatcat going away tonight - going to miss her   Wish I could be at home to enjoy the weather
Its going to be a great day! And I am stuck in work  http://tinyurl.com/cltoof
is at work but wants to go home as it looks like a beer garden day 
day 3 of the lurgy for both me and E and it appears to be getting worse  typical, I have a week off work and I am ill....poo poo poo
sleeping all day when you have work the next isn't fun.  tomorrows going to be so hard.
back in work after my 10 day holiday, 30 minutes earlier start 
Another working on a night shift day 
@typsie my night is fail since l'm at work  penny for your thoughts?
Off work ill - think I've got food poisoning! - scorching day outside too! 
Really have to get my butt in gear and get this work done, but its so hard when it's such a nice day 
Just about to get in the shower and get ready for work, such a nice day though, would rather be out and about with my wee man 
I do 1 day of real work and now my hips sore as hell. I feel like an old man 
So much art work to do...its ridiculous! Last day of holidays, then back to school 
In work yet again on another fabulous sunny day. I bet as soon as the w.end comes &amp; I'm off it will start raining 
I forgot my book at home today.  What ever will I do at work all day??
back in work today  I could do with a couple of days in the sun!
i'm pretty sure the majority of my wonderful work day will be devoted to lurking for all the coachella awesomeness i missed. 
At work - looking out my office window at this dull, rainy day 
I, like most, hate being in work, stuck inside on such a gorgeous day    x
at work after a nice 3 day weekend  boo!
Getting ready for a long day of work, disappointment and... actually I'll probably only manage those two 
just woke up and feeling peckish (hungry)....i need to also finish a ton of work so i'll be in my room all day 
this is turning out to be a frustrating day at work  drawings in such a mess!!
aggghhh!! 2nd day without headphones at work! 
Another beautiful day and I am stuck inside until atleast 3pm with all this work 
must go make lunch and get ready for work  *sigh* another day stuck in a dreary office building.
is enjoying another sunny day off work, but has to go to the dentist later 
Thinking it's the perfect day to be inside working ... 
@thegarnercircle wanted to but girl just left work you know tomorrow is the big day 
@que_day26 I would have if I was there maybe. But I had work. 
about to sleep. happy bday daddy! too bad I have work all day. AND tomorrow  ugh.
is so tired after a looonnngg day of work  i wish weekends were longer.. dont want to go to school on monday!
Going into town today. Might get steaming, dunno. Last day off before full time work for 3 and a half months 
@arancinibaby im pretty good..yesterday i went 2 the beach ;) and 2day so much work to catch up on! 
doesn't know how am going to make though work all day booo!! 
laying around all day till work. my foot hurts 
Morning twitterland. I'm up and heading into work....long ass day today. 
I am up, and getting ready for another fun filled day at work YAY 
off to the gym, then an 11-hr work day. fun times 
too many things to do 2day! my cpu is locked up trying to decide what to do first! at least I already know what's last: work 
its a beautiful day in the city, wish I could enjoy instead of bein stuck at work 
work getting in the way of art 2day... 
Another day of work nears on a beautiful sunny weekend. 
So far, work is not too bad today...but I'm not even halfway through my day 
Thinking about spending my whole day at work.... not happy 
my feet hurt SO much from work...how will i last another day 
very stressed trying to plan an activity for mutual.. and trying to catch up on all the tests and homework i missed... not a good day 
had a fun day. thinks his friends are awesome! work tomorrow 10-2 
a lot of work today... sooo exhausted but can't sleep till mel calls so i can pick her up from prom.. ughhh.. my day still isn't over 
sitting in the sun preparing for work day 3 of 4 on this may bank holiday weekend 
@thebansteven I had a seven hour shift. It was the shittet work day ever. I hated it. It was so busy I was going to have a melt down. 
loving my husband &amp; eating honey combs. long day at work 2day 
@peasandneedles i'm coming later on, i've been busy doing uni work all day and i'm still not anywhere near where i want to be 
@InSkyBlueInk considering my original plan of laying in bed all day, it was productive...now getting back into work mode 
nicest day of the year and I am stuck at work, 
worst night's sleep.  i hope i'm on my game for work today. right now i'm just grumpy. not a great way to start the day.
Is just at work for the day -sigh- I have a headache 
is turning in early. Tomorrow's her first day at work. I miss him so much I feel odd 
busy day  work tonight 
at work!!! so annoyed! today was supposed to be my day to relax 
Home from work , didnt have such a great day so now uncle crappy mood and i are really good friends 
Home after a long day at work, no break, no lunch. I'm starvinggg and fell like shit 
@anettskee Aww yea I have a long day at work tomorrow too 
booo hoooo. been called into work for the day - on a bank holiday too 
Definitely happy to be on my way home.   It's been a long day but unfortunately uni work demands attention 
has a busy day ahead of her, doing uni work -sighs- 
Is enjoying his birthday/bank holiday time off work.....don't send me back tomorrow 
damn HOT and humid today!!  had a tiring day at work  no rest for wahliaodotcom team!more work to be done!
8th straight day of work, moving tomorrow. I just want to sleep 
It's a gloomy day...and I am at work... 
finished my work for the day but still bummed about my guitar  cheer me up?
Feels like the first day of work. I gained hella weight in a week 
Another working day, tasks accomplished, more money (I really miss my baby) 
Is at work, anniversary countdown done, now count down to the big 30...3 days left of being in my 20s 
has to go working again for the 3rd time of this day. no drumlesson this evening. 
been at work alllll day &amp; my feet hurt. 
After a long day at work... I gotta cook dinner  WTF??
sleepy, work againg all day tomorrow 
another boring day @ work 
Just got home from chillin w/ izzy - 3 hour nap and then work yay for a 7 day work week 
That's just great!! I'm stuck inside doing work when it is a really nice day.  
@ work waaayyy 2 early... good... gives me time 2 take a quick nap. Anotha runnin event 2day  ijuswannasleep
missing derby day to do some uni work.....this is what my life has been reduced to during the last 2 weeks of uni 
This is going to be a long ass day of work. 
being at work for 10 hrs straight. bad idea. damn mothers day rush. and i didn't even see my mummy today 
spent the whole day with various mothers and grandmothers, have to get up in 6 hours for work but I haven't had dinner yet 
happy mother's day! Now time for work 
Really wants to spend the day with mom but instead I'll be spending it at work where I spend all of my time. 
as work all day today. 
At work and boy it's going to be a loooong day 
It sucks when for the first day in the week its really nice... I'm stuck in work which has no windows  then have to study...
gona do some shopping on this gorgeous day...before i gota go into work 
I enjoy my day, because tomorrow is time for me to go working 
Another beautiful day! Too bad I have work n studying! N I don't get to see my moms 
spending mother's day at work   love you mom!
@shannatrenholm  thanks....it has been a work day for me...two more proposals to go 
so pooped! crazy work day 
Getting some work done while I watch TV.  Only one day left of this flu vacay. 
im sooo sad right now... my closest work friend had his last day today.   i hugged him for 10 minutes straight tryin not to cry.
Long day of work tomorrow.. 
I seriously hate packing... And even worse - I hate the thought of missing a day of work!!!! 
Miserable grey day, work in a couple of hours.. 
Running late for work...  What a way to start the day 
sooo does not want to go into work today!! oh, and i hurted my knee the other day 
At work  but day off tomorrow!
Last day of work then holiday until 25th, but sadly I'm not going anywhere 
waking up.. feeling like crap.. i predict a long day of work ahead of me 
i cant believe ive already been at work for an hour...plan for the day: take it easy!! computer screen headache 
today is probably gonna be a hectic day at work 
Why do i sign up for doubles at work? When the day comes around i regret my decision. 
So tired long day at work...going to bed to then wake up and do it again tomorrow 
work tomorrow all day  good nightt
@shaunjumpnow  ahh i  wish i could be laying in bed all day...but i had 10-3 shift at work...AND im sick as 
taking yet another sick day off work 
Not in a good mood. Overslept big time, so now its another full day of work 
At work again today and hoping that something happens. But im expecting a boring day because there is no rain... 
Gorgeous sunny day is so getting wasted inside, but what can I do, I got work to do 
goody another day of work 
is at work. so bored. no one plays golf on rainy days 
so much fun last night in boston! relaxing for the day. work tomorroowwww 
is doing her coworker's work that was left behind and is sick..such a bad day 
enjoying my last day of vac. work tomorrow. 
hmm.. a new day work is coming 
Today is such a  wonderful rainy day to sleep....I gotta work   &quot;D.O.L.O&quot;
Its a beautiful day outside, the sun is shining, birds are chirping, bees are buzzing... And I'm at work 
ahh off to college not happy!! means more hard work  hope everyone has a good day x x
Another day at work over.....too many left in the week 
morning tweeties happy monday  having a nice quiet day before work
Morning. Long day ahead of me today - 10am to 5pm work experience 
I'm going through the monday morning blues   Another day at work but time is going by sooooooooo slow!!!
work  a 5 day week will be the death of me.
horrible night of sleep  now first day of work
Ugh... another day, another dollar... back to the work week grind 
monday morning are awaste of time - @ work trying to orgamise this evenings 5 a side and struggling to get players due to the weather 
another day at work. so sleep deprived  i cant wait for the keys with lee bear!
first day of work!! Not much sleep last night...I want our new bed 
Off to another day at work  oh so fun
don't wanna be at work on such a gorgeous day 
Both my teams lost yesterday  but it's cool. Another interesting day at work
work is boring, what a day want me bed twitters 
Goodmorning tweets.. the start of another great day at work. would rather be sleeping w/ my honey 
arg another long day of work i expect.  still not stunting .........slow is the industry.
good morning world. i will cry when i start work and can't wake up this late anymore 
growing up you start to realize who your true friends are...and i miss mine  - working all day - major overtime this week!
so tired and doesnt want 2 now go 2 work afta a day of teaching 
headed to bed..its been a long day.i should be getting ready 4 work in the morning  good nite
having a break after a long day at work, then get started on assign 2 for one of the uni subjects...need to write 3000 words over weekend 
home from vegas  work all day
I hate knowing I have another day at work after today 
On bus to college  first day at work tonight :Z
ryt better start work  see u all later and have a lovely day XXXXXXXXx
last day of work experience today! 
I hope everyone has a great Memorial day weekend..and they get out of work early today. I still don't know yet. 
absolutely no work today...sittle idle for the whole day is really really difficult 
absolutely no work today...sitting idle for the whole day is really really difficult 
is at work right now..  but 2morrow a day off..yiiiiiiiiiiiiiha  hehe
Last day of work was yesterday- still woke up at 6 
i'm hoping i'll be able to leave work early today. bummer that it's not a nicer day outside 
Guess I should go get ready for a very looooooong day of work. ugh. 
An idle day at work with the boss off makes for a lot of useless thinking and wishing. 
I hate that I'm going to be at work all day and the rest of my house is off 
lonely day @ work...everyone is off for the holiday weekend  time for some coffee and figuring out how to get music to play on this comp!
I am up...I am at work...but I do not see what that will contribute to my day...I want to go home and take a nap...and it is only 9:15am. 
About to start my first day of work where I can't text or do anything on my phone - stupid nurses ruined it for me  !!!
today might be the longest day I've yet to experience at work. 11-8. 
Raining outside....so the painters are waiting another day to finish up the outside job.  
The day is too beautiful to be at work today 
ughhh....boss just called I gotta go 2 work 2day 
@verwon I'm a lil tired from my move yesterday and would luv to longe and luxuriate on my balcony all day but I have 2 work all weekend 
I'm awake, at work and hope to not get that sleepy feeling again today. grr. It's my second day at work. &amp; my leg is dead 
just waking.realizing i have 2 work 2day  but imma try 2 kickit it 2nite, besides...its friday!!!
uh..time for work  but its my last day
hey all just home from work so glad had a brutal day 
Another day of work...no photo shoots 
It's not a good day for work.  I'm messing things up all over the place.  
is not looking forward to a full day at work tomorrow 
I have a horrible sinus headache and today begins 6 days straight of work.  
@MicheleBell21 ugg, me too. And it's to early for me to picture the end of work day 
about to go to bed another day of work tomorrow wahoo  well goodnight everyone!
@littledotty yes it does - i usually leave work at 4.30 but never get home until 6.30 so it is a long day 
hmm..bed yes.. work tomorrow.. doesnt even feel like i had a day off 
tired going to sleep have another day of work tommorrow   ciao everyone
just finished with a reimaging.....half a day has passed and there is still work to be done. 
REALLY wanted today to be a sick day...but I'm here at work 
@acciokatie sounds good... im still trying to get that day off work though 
work all day tomorrow, then back to the doctor  ugh.
dreading work tomorrow wish I had one more day off 
Anotha day of work  not lookin forward i hate closin fri
just got off work.... working night shift at the hospital 12 hrs a day is starting to get to me... 
missss my friends and plav  time for a long day of work hahah
@StitchinSista It happened to me the other day (customer asked me to ship to her work address), I sent her another one 
*sigh* Last day at work. I has an sadifying in my heartparts. 
urgh, over slept for work, still done no revision and im SO snappy today. having a total fat day too 
I'm at work it's super slow and my baby is far away from me. All around crappy day. 
having a good day at work lots of sales but boss is under foot.   she's a nice person but i dont like the boss bugging me
after a great day at work with the kids, disappointment with my roof decal 
last day of work  ...but everyone is making it so great!
no class the next two days...but work  everyday from today til next wednesday  so sad
Just got done with my first day of work and is exsausted, sweaty, and chalky. 
i wanna leave work already! Not feelin it 2day 
I guess the relaxing dinner and a movie is out for tonight...I was looking forward to that after my day at work 
finally the work week is over - finished every day at 8pm 
waiting for my boo to get of work!! long day alone! 
Going to be a tough day at work  ~  i know its a saturday and a holiday  ~  but i am working   ~  no worries, will twitter too 
The last thing I want to think about after an icky day at work is having to go back in the morning....but I do.  
mmhmm no mood  but oh well its a nicesunny day, i plan to read my book instead of doing work though..but i dont think i shld la.
work all weekend  i feel is gonna be a long hot day again
At work  I'm starting to think I'm not getting paid enough for this on a day like today. Its torture in more ways than one!
is gutted he is at work on what is going to be a perfect bluebird day..ho hum... 
The sun is out what a lovely day it is &amp; I'm indoors at work 
Just got off work... slept all day so nothing to do 
Such a nice day again today. Wish I could go out and enjoy it but I really need to get some work done. 
Ugh up and almost ready to leave for work. I wish i didnt have to go in so early.  but hey atleast its not memorial day weekend. 
I have such a sore throat, and lots of work to do. Its a nice sunny day and chances are I won't get to enjoy it  xx
Such a nice day outside, booo for work  !!!
need to get to bed. early work day tomorrow. i so don't feel like going to work 
It's just a day. A busy day. A day isn't allowed to be wasted. Why am I in work? 
damn.... awoke from a deep sleep....and it's a beautiful day...and I have to be stuck inside at work  sadpants indeed
Too nice a day to be cooped up at work  need to devise an intricately woven escape plan !
everyone wish me luck on my 15 hour work day today  ah well, it will be worth it!
first day of work this summer  but at least i get some money now! 5 days until my birthday, 11 until i get my license!
Wedding parties all fn day @work....happy,but I dont foresee my wedding...ever... 
Getting ready for a boring day at work 
is gutted she had to spennd this sunny day in work! 
enjoying the morning. ill go get some coffee. gotta work for the rest of the day at 1:30.    
at work doing the sale signs.. its geddes' last day and she left early 
has officially had a poop day at work 
Is at work all day and wishes he was outside with this beautiful weather 
Such a nice day out, too bad i gotta work 
Such a nice day. To bad I will be stuck at work 
@crfalls I'm pretty much booked up for the day, workin both job 2day, won't be free until around 10ish 
@cklovewinter I'm jealous. I want a lazy day. It's just past 5am &amp; I'm getting ready for work 
@defsupreme sorry sir i crashed pretty early last night... between work and the allergies it was a long day yesterday 
Last day almsot time to get back to mounds of work 
I need a stiff drink. I just ripped back a day's worth of work. These are the days I hate designing. 
Ugh work tonight and its such a nice day 
This is what i get for barely getting any sleep - a work day that's a full shift but feels like hell 
No climbing 2day  but did freelance work, got pkgs I would've missed &amp; doing some cleaning - if I cant play I can at least be productive!
about to get up and start my long day of doing school work  I also think im getting sick ahhhh! xx
My ingrown toenail is seriously aggravated and hurting me right now. I hope I don't have to take a whole day off of work to fix it 
@xiaoies hey xiao, i've got work today  sunday is sleep and eat and laze around day 
been in bed sick all day!  time to put on my face and get ready for work! yay...........
sleepy.. work 9 till 530 UGHHHH... then idk. prolly getting fired this week for being late the other day  FUCKKKKKKKKKK
had a great time at canobie lake with laura...so happy to sleep. but sad tomorrow is my last day of freedom before work 
@weirdturnedpro i am indeed! enjoying my final day of freedom before *sniff* work tomorrow.  lunch? 
Weekend is nearly over  5th last working day at work for me tomorrow  I can't wait!!
is stuck at work on what looks like being another gorgeous day 
work calls  have a great day folks xxx
arghhh a long day of work ahead and its beautiful outside  - just realised the bridal fair is tomorrow as well as store opening
i'm at work but i forgot my glasses  going to be a blurry day
looooooonnnng day ahead...i better get a new job from doing all this frigging work 
is about to pop into bed in preparation for her 10 day week at work... i dont wanna 
work today, stuck inside all bloody day  auckinleck talbot though should be entertaining lol
bleh...can't enjoy the day. a lot of work 
What a day and I am stuck in work till 6pm 
awake, but barely. i would so much rather be still snuggled up in bed with the kitty than getting ready for another annoying day of work 
Not having fun at work!! It's such a nice day and I'm stuck indoors 
last day of the weekend  2moro I hav 2 go 2 work an skool :'(
A sunny day but stuck in work, sad times 
Another exciting day at work  need to start working on my amcas application soon
i'm ready to have a big girl job where i dont have to work on the weekends!! blah...work all day 
work never ends    though tommorrow i have a free day. to cook!!!!
work all day today 
doesn't want to start work tomorrow at a new store...   oh well! enjoying my last day of freedom by laying out and going to a grad par ...
doesn't want to start work tomorrow at a new store  oh well! enjoying my last day of freedom by laying out and going to a grad party
@sethshaw i'm glad pie day went over well! i was stuck at work until 7. no pie for me 
bein sleepy at work....  workin all day
The day after my bday... at work 
@euanaaa such a nice day and im in work 
Man I love me some cocoa butter, woke up with silky smooth skiiin. Another 12hr work day today  last one last one last one.
went to upper room church today, great preaching! now the boring part of the day, school work 
last day of work!!!!  but its summer!!!!! woot
this day was horrible...  why have people work places when they don't go to work??
stuck at work, wishing I was enjoying the day 
is at work all day, yea i kno... 
Wish I wasn't at work on this beach day. I miss freedom 
had a bad day, came out off work to find no car, then got stung by a bee 
I have a hangover 2 day! I don't want to be @ work 
off now for sleep - got full 5 day week at work  good night all
i did some many chores today, it felt like a work day. 
cant sleep got butterflys, last day at my work tomorrow 
Its been a long day, tired, but still have a bit of work to do 
The start of another week at work....sad 
@taylorswift13 I agree with @taylor_ainsley !!! I had to be at my first day of work that day  They're all gone!!!
Sneaking out of work early? Also...  I did not eat rasins..     One day I will... Un dia...
longest day ever today at work average of one call an hour 
just getting out of work. super tired. sad. i have a feeling tomorrow isgoing to be a lonely day.  happy 3 years.
I hate Mondays. Its the first day of work. 
first day of work tomorrow...so sad 
went into work today and didnt realise it was my day off, goodbye sleep in 
Wish I had taken the day off work today, my feet ache! 
Finally home after a bloody long day at work. And I gots a booboo.   I cut my finger on a hydraulic hose fitting.
@felicityfuller fine thanks, just narked that it's a glorious day and i'll be at work 
Another glorious day in yorkshire n am stuck at work 
@leonkay good morning! hope you have a brilliant day - bought a lottery tkt but still here at work lol 
another fun day of college work  .
Lovely day again, shame i am back at work today 
Another hot sunny day and we're all stuck at work....joy 
The sun is shining again, but i'm stuck at work all day 
just chilling out before another scorching day at work in a hot kitchen feeding 600 people and its 32 degrees outside 
not looking forward to a day of work when i could be outside playing in the sun  new post: http://fashionhedonism.blogspot.com
stuck at work on this lovely sunny day 
ahhh work on your birthday, what a lovely way to celebrate, on a day like this too! 
hot sunny day outside but stuck indoors at work 
morning all! what a lovely day!! out in the front garden, cathcing rays, just watching the world go by, work soon though! 
Another lovely day, but I'm stuck inside at work, so no sun for me. 
report day at work today....fun times! 
another lush day weather wish and im stuck in work all day and night soooooooo not fair 
Yay! time for another nine hour work day.... 
@georgiedaintree no, no exams left, but i still have to be at college, loads of work to do  only get one day off this week!
@ashalinggg what day's the 23rd? just 'cause I can't go if it's the weekend with work   oooh! I can drive some people if needs be. me+ ...
It's my first day back at work today, my holiday is officially over 
Everyone have a good day!!!!! I cannot twitter from work 
About to leave for work. 10-7 worst shift ever. Takes up the whole freakin day 
survived my 1st day back at work.i hav loads of planning 2 do that i should have done over half term,its not fair,i wanna sit in the sun 
@DZalez yay and today is my long day meaning..i go to fam and shyt after work 
tired and sunburned from spending the day at the colonial... plus bummed about being at work 
@ashieldsss  no notttt work   i buy my own phonnne soon we text all day an night babeh hahaha
No work 2day   -oh well there's always 2morrow
Off to another fun day at work...  Really wish I could go to practise tonight 
Spending a beautifull sunny day indoors at work 
is sick  It has been over a week -finally giving in and going to the doctor and taking a sick day from work.
Also am slowly losing my mind at work. Very slow day 
done after a long day of filming in PingYao! absolutely exhausted and feeling really sick 
1st day @ work was tiring - had to sit and listen non stop for 8 hrs 
so weird... such a busy day at work... and it's just the first day of the month... not a good sign 
at work! it's monday ugh! this weekend was not to good for me..  if life gives u lemons make lemonaid !
@ishae86 well I can't help it since I have to watch the news all day at work I dnt have a choice but to see it 
first day of work almost done, no gtalk access  but apparently a bb on the way? 24-7 unpaid on call ftl, hope i can tether
nap time, remember day off means day off. even though i've gotten two phone calls and one email work related 
It's sick!  I just realized I have two hours left of the work day and not just one.   I'm depressed now and very sleepy.
cleaning kitchen and showering before husband gets home from first day at work...so much for studying and thank you note writing 
very ready to be done with work for the rest of the day. only a couple more hours 
work was so busy tonight. you would think after getting sunburnt on the last day of school i would learn, apparently not. i'm all sore 
That was the least productive day I've ever had at work, not by choice. 
Is @ work having a soso day. I'm missing the way it use to be here 
Headed to job number three of the day, kohl's! Yay for late shifts 
@HLindskold yea I looked there. Those jobs will cost me ~2 dollars per work day in gas...those companies don't pay enough to cover 
Bad start to my work day, got there late, grabbed my old id card instead of the new one, and matthew was late too and it's hot upstairs. 
@stephaxcell another boring day at work eh??  now you have twitter to keep you occupied!! haha
back at work...sad day 
@ChapStique i missed you again  i was at work again and it was a super busy day. bummer 
jeeeezz what a loooong stupid day. so glad to be off work and soooo sad i have to go back tomorrow  crycrycry
first V since friday, so good, another day off work, still feel fairly crap 
Just got home about 10minutes ago. I've felt so sick the whole day.  but work was good.
trying to make it through the day...lots of work too finish! 
@Caity88 that is bad  Totally don't need my car during the day, so you can borrow if you drop me off at work at 8.... Most days
@kiwijem  work lunch today and now its holiday time!!
about to head home to the fam, what a long day at work it was 
@keepitrealphyll And I have been at work unable to tweet  These people I come across from day to day r hilarious/nuts though.
Just got home from a long day..but a lot was accomplished!!! work dragged on though 
morning twitters - another sunny day, wasted if ur indoors all day like me  just hung out some washing - wonder if a second load b4 work?
first day of class. check. find a job? no check. 
morning! another hot day and im at bloody work again 
Todays gona be shit, i know  gotta work all day, sore back, sisters pissed me off already. I wana lie in bed every hour of today and hide
On the way 2 work i h8 the 1st day in afta the weekend 
another sunny day and I'm in work 
forgot laptop so had to in home and come back into work-hope this is not start me a bad day 
good morning! seriously sunny day! shame I'm at work 
nice day today, brill. But got work... 
I can't believe I'm a work on a day like this boo who 
I can't believe I'm at work on a day like this, it's glorious outside again and I'm in a tin can 
Morning everyone! Another lovely day. Lots of work to do tho 
first day back in work today,i hate working in a kitchen in the summer 
happy birthday @bobbieoldfield first day of work today, on such a hot day too 
really wishes i can not go 2 work 2day, dont enjoy it 1 bit 
ahhh first day of work tomorrow! not really looking forward to it  iv liked being a lady of leisure!
11:40 on my way 2 work until 10:00 pm in a nice day ( so sad) 
had a very long tiring day. Wants to skip work tomorrow but i can't. 
today is meant to be the last day of good weather but i have house work to do so can't be in it 
@luckymiraix0x meds dont really work on me  is it harmful to take 2 tablets in one day?
What a beautiful day pitty, I'm in work 
On the way to work hurt from only an hour and half sleep....this is going to be a long day at work 
at work.. would rather b at home working on a tan or at the nkotb concert that was originally scheduled 4 2day.. *sigh* 
Getting ready for is going to be a very long day  If I can't get off work early I'm gonna be so pissed...
Ugh project week is determined to kill me. I was up til 5 working on elective classwork. And now I have to function for the rest of 2day? 
About to leave for me 8am class  (fund. of advertising) then but a day off from work and hopefully going to see up in 3D!!!!! LOL
@cursedbyevil oh  well, have a nice day at work
Off to my 13 hour day of work someone come visit me 
Watching another lovely day go by whilst sitting indoors doing work 
Lol damn fuck my life, first day of my summer break and i wake up and find out i have to be at work in 2 hours 
Is dragging tryna get up for work  all that tossing and turning last night already messed up my day.....along with other things.....
Another amazing day outside and im stuck in work 
@DyminNtheRough hi hope you have a great day too... im at work 
Going without sleep and being on the phones all day at work...not a good combo 
time to get ready for work   hope everyone has a good day!!
Has a long edit day ahead and its already nearly the end of the work day 
At work for a town hall meeting. On my day off... 
actually the worst day ever. projectile vommed in morrisons car park leaving work,that's how hot it's been  shitty
howdy twit world..have had an exhausting day at work..not looking forward to the weather turning tomorrow 
Today is such a great day 4 the pool but I will be a work 
not the best day  massive massive headache, lots of work to do (
@tonicke another sick day @ work  i go to the doctor in the morning
great day today- scored the penthouse upgrade, got homework done 6 days early, got my to-do list done, only thing missing is @davidyack 
can't afford a sick day of work but she doesn't feel very good right now. 
Goodmorning , another hot day at work ahead 
is quite tired after a hectic day at work! Eyes also a little sore due to new glasses  #fb
morning twitterrrr! not looking forward to today, head manager is in at work,training due in and lots of errands  have a better day guys x
It is beautifully hot weather for a day atthe beach. Unfortunately I'm at work in a hot-making uniform 
at work, tired, hav headache &amp; sore eyes. Not cheery 2day 
3:30 am and I'm finally done with the day's work. Now if I could just fall asleep... 
off to another exciting day at work.   i hate my job! fml
up super early for the dentist   then off to another awesomely long day at work... :-/ vacation=3.5 weeks away!
half day at work today yaaaay, shame I have to spend my free time making phone calls 
off to another exciting day at work.  i hate my job! fml: off to another exciting day at work.  i hate my jo.. http://tinyurl.com/qka9cv
woke up about an hr ago and cant get back to sleep now its time to get ready for work...rough day coming 
@tsunimee thats the spirit!!! R u having a good day at work? I am doing invoices &amp; registers 
GoodMorning my people ..its time for me 2 get 2 work long day ahead ... 
ugggh I wanna go back to sleep soo bad...work allllllllllllllllllllll day 
busy day at work, every1 seemed to phone today. had forms and translation to do...did nothing!! too bad 
@BengeeB s'up for 2day? I'm at work since 7.  lots 2 do 2day!  yuk! work. boo 
Sitting at work on this gloomy day.  I love rainy weather...just not when I'm not at home 
i hate bloodwork!      long day today  at work too lucky me
On my way to a another fun filled day at work, man i haven't even started and i want to leave 
work day cut short, dad hospitalized 
And of course I forgot my wallet on the day I need to buy two meals at work. 
man i dont feel like going 2 work 2day ..sumbody plzzzzzzzz save me i hate my job  i can't wait till dis externship is over
Last day of work starts now. I'm really going to miss these guys! 
super stuffed and dying for a nap, but I'm stuck at work on this lazy rainy day 
so sleepy! last day of work for the week. I hope it's fun!! haa. too bad I can't see bbyboy  I'm def hooked haha shoot.
Getting ready to start work.  It is to nice a day to work in side.  
is sad because today is her bestie's last day here at work! 
At work...what a depressing day 
@Lilitree I didn't get a work from home day this week. 
darn... work duty calls... i'll have to finish my follow fridays later   ... have a great day all - stay safe!
What a beautifull day of shoping with my ladies, now the rain has to come along wth work 
what a hot day.  the doctor just gave me more medications..hopefully these work 
is off 2 bed work 2muro gd times nd its derby day  awww mannnn..x
@lokiluna mawr like i'm still at work and have had no substantive assignment all day.   
about to start my second day of work at taco time...until 1030 which means i wont have time to study for my SATs tomorrow 
@Lemomina a long day, I wake up early and somehow I managed to arrive late at work. epic fail 
It looks like my entire day's work is gone.    And no time machine backup, backblaze is from last night. 
god my first day of work was tiring! 
is glad to be outta work. but isn't  getting a day off this weekend. 
@syamingli i don't know, work said to wait until i know what unti i'll end up in but mum will freak out! pay day is 20 days away still 
god, i feel naked not being able to tweet all day at work  still be my friend.
seems like i missed a very interesting day at work.   depressing. will be back in there tue though.. still wonder bout those roses. lol
I am really starting to hate fridays, nothing but bad news followed by a horrific work day 
Getting ready for an exciting day of work, hopefully being miserable out no customers will appear....I doubt it 
had my day off work today. didnt really do shit, well about to go to bed n work some more tomorrow all day 
@trevward it's cold &amp; wet 2day trev,,,,  shit I can't get warm ,,, was late for work too !!!
@xstex haha at least u can stay indoors i have to go and face work  bad times hope ur day is good x
I wish i could stay indoors snuggled up on this rainy day  sadly i have work
getting ready for a fun day of work  boo !
about to go watch some movies and chill...1 day left off work 
an 8 hour work day with this ulcer is going to be torture. please go away.  
headed to another day of work....just once i'd like to sleep in on a saturday like the rest of the world.  story of my life
forgot a fork  &amp; it's jean day @ work and I didn't even know, ahh!!
work was actually horrendous today...  seriously bad day ... oh well xx
hmm 12:15a.m...work in 8 hrs, it is not going to be a pretty day 
doesnt wanna be at work 2day  
Morning twitters happy sat at work today  but you enjoy your day
so cross that i forgot about printer's row this year. might pop down post-work tomorrow, but it's so nice to go all day 
Finished work thank god long day sore feet  have been listenin to shittybeat all day missed COOLFM glad to hear it again aha. Bloodyrain!!
What a beautiful day...guess that means yard work 
I can't keep my eyes open at work... Its going to be a long day 
@moonfrye gotta work today.  sunny day finally! Wish I was out in it!!
Has managed to waste most of the day watching motorsport on tv. Needs to do some work now 
Such a pointless day for me  got work in 30 mins.. AND  tomorrow :/
The weather is amazing for once and I'm stuck inside at work  cough cough uhhh I'm feeling a sick day coming on lol
work at 7am after a long happy hour isn't fun  ready for a movie day
ugh, time to get ready for work...   today is a grey gloomy day outside.
@PiNkPrinCeSa I'm cool but mad I gotta go 2 work on a beautiful day like this 
is @ work....10 till 6.....this is going to be a long day...... 
getting ready for work  wish I could watch movies at home all day
wasting this beautiful day watching cars drive by on a sloooow day at work 
sucky day.. first i havta take the bus 2  work then it breaks down nd work suckd of course 
doing various forms of work for most of the day -- is it 7 already? There goes my saturday 
had a good day at work for once...except for the creepy old man ... 
need more hours in the day - work and leisure stuff piling up and no time to get it all done  #fb
Another long day off work ... miss my weekends and i gonna really miss my summer fun 
i forgot my phone at work!!!!!! i feel so naked without it  haha today was such a great day!!!!!! 
is at work for the night      I wish i could find a day job
a little diappointed in the nite but overall it was ok. time for sleep work all day tomorrow boo 
In work again all day  Finally got a day off tomorrow though.
Sundays is quite possibly the worst day of the week to be at my boyfriends. I get no lie in, he sets the alarm for 8 when work is at 10! 
morning twitter land off 2 work soon  hope every1 has a gd day better then i do, b bk on later wen i've finished work till then gd bye
Groceries and schoolwork today - once the assignment is away that's course #4 done, about 6 more to go  
@work  im so tired what a long day
another long day of work in store. sweet 
things are just not going well at all.  work all day and then an assload of homework and laundry
Not a good way to start the work day being over a hour late. 
another work day...oh the joy 
get to do lots of yard work all day   not looking forward 2 it.
is it time for beach yet? its gorgeous out and i'm stuck doing work all day 
I get fever on the day I pick to do most my work  ... the hammer seems 4 times heavier AHH
Today's going to be a loooooong day. I'm not getting home 'til late then have to be at work early as crap 
*sigh* no luck.  best buy pays 1.20 more but for a ton more work.....though the day would move faster and the discount would be better.
It's a new day, a new week, and the work - oh the work! 
first day of work was today!! woohoo not as bad as i thought, went to jacks to get some of my stuff it was sad  now it might be clean!!
@pollinatewildly Awww...sorry you had a crappy day at work.    
I am so thankful that my day of work is almost done... too bad I have a ton of stuff to do afterwards plus I have to work again tomorrow 
zofran is not making this work day any easier, or my stomach any less upset 
Hoping to get to bed soon after a long work day and another coming up tomorrow 
zofran is not making this work day any easier, or my stomach any less upset 
i agree @wblondie66 so tired! good day except for a few ...appearances ;D aha last tweet for the night; work at 7 a.m !!!! 
Off day after event on sat &amp; sunday but still have 2 work.....  
Increadible day with the family. Now to get some work done! 
http://twitpic.com/7euyd - Another day at work. Very slow for a sunday. I really need to find another job. 
My throat hurts!  first day of work in 2 months tomorrow. I  need tour so I don't need a normal job!!!! I cant wait 4 the new cd it rules
getting ready for another exciting day at work 
Having coffee...its a rainy day    office work day lol
Morning all. Another day in paradise beckons -aka work 
I'm back @ work today, so no tweeting for me  have a lovely day, will try &amp; catch up with you tonight
first day @ work after holiday... very exhausting... want do be in my warm bed... 
@aussie_at_heart work, followed by college   are your plans for the day better than mine? lol
morning tweets, well i've got into work on a bright sunny day what a shame i have to work! 
absolutely shattered, stuck in a job centre all.day.long... 
another sleepless night that will lead to a large amount of coffe and to less job done &amp; finished at the end of the day 
getting ready for a long day @ work by myself......I hate the long days where I have no one to talk to! 
I miss my 4 day work week.  On the upside I get out an hour earlier and I now actually have a lunch time!
Another day at work ohh what a bore 
Not having the greatest day at work  and sick of this bloody touch screen phone lol
Aww my last day off work and its pouring from the heavens! 
@SusanScot 2day  so if we r going, it'll b mid july, wot u thinking? wot u doing after work? x
off to another fun day of work.. at both jobs 
Lovely sunny day here today, shame i'm at work 
@pandjcrafts its raining here too - wish I could stay home and make jewelry but instead im at work all day 
hates having to bring work home when I'm only brief at the end of day 
It's a definite stay in bed day. Too bad I have been at work since 730 with a 10 hour day ahead of me 
Looks like another day less than 8 hours of work.  
mama d is gone    4 day work week rocks though....
is dead. dead tired. just first day and i'm completely down. ah wells, time to finish up my work first 
i hate having to do work stuff on my day off 
such a beautiful day outside and i'm stuck inside at work 
Spending this beautiful day inside at work 
@karljb74 quiet day here, bit of shopping, lunch then home, nothing exciting   hows work? keeping you busy and out of mischief!?!?
@fliigirl88 Wats up friend!! Gettn ready 2 head out 4 work all damn day 
Is spending the day cleaning awful code work 
@ work for the whole day  can't wait till friday though!!!
got work tomorrow and will hence push my library time to another day. sigh 
Home at last. Loooong day at work again tomorrow 
@DaFooly it is a beautiful day! and im stuck at work 
great day except for work tonight 
Trains delayed great first day bk at work 
@ahj No and i really wanna come but can't get to the place to get tickets.... didn't think about us people that work during the day 
On my way home aftet a boring work day 
@sarahroters i want to see that to, thats why i am with her almost the whole day. it sucks that i have 2 work til 17 tomorrow 
surely there's a way to get some sleep annnnnd fit work somewhere into that plan?????  i'm tired of being so tired every day!! 
@trance_fusion poor you, horrible day at work i'm guessing 
@damoneseven baby...u gonna go and rep for both of us?? U know i gotta work that day! 
@leila_licious why do I have to be stuck at work on your day off? 
so I'm back home, first day at work is over. =&gt; headache  I need some chocolate ....
At work on this pretty pretty day  I'm still sore from going running THREE days ago! It was a nice try...
arrived at work with cough candies and coffee.  it's going to be a rough day for the stomach 
just doing yet more course work boo  after being at work all day  but 8 days til glastonbury yay yay yay :-D i cant wait whoop whoopxx
@ work on such a beautiful day. this sucks! 
time to start thinking about going to work tonight  so not ready for my 6 day work weeks to start
home at last, now shower and sleep, another 14 hour work day starts in 9h 
immm home, now resting. i am sooo done for the day, but i have work at 6  just get me thru this week. pleaseeee.
had a decent day at work finally!  B2B final table bubbles though 
says I'm so not a great cook  but my bestest liked it lol...had a pretty cool day looking at decor so many to choose from...on way 2 work.
On my way to a work meeting at the day job. Not happy about it 
just made some amazing vegan cookies. long day at work today--looking like a long week. 
@Pazer: well, @ least u got 2 enjoy the day outside! I was stuck @ work all day 
1 more day til she's off on a family vacation and I'm stuck at work 
crazy day at work today.  truely not a good day 
@catthiel I'm so sick, I've been chugging water all day, AND I took a nap at work 
@kdani32 b.c i really wanted to go to six flags (wherei work) but no one has a pass  so im stuck at home all day 
Putting ice on the lump I got @ work today!!! What a day!!!! 
it's been a long day. work tomorrow  sleepy time.
@iamjonathancook being on the pier makes it sound like it'll be during the day in which case I hope it's on the weekend so I can go! work 
A day of admin tasks awaits, no design or coding work for me today 
I hate work spending the day inputting orders again! how very boring!! altho had my latte this morning to keep me goin, not starbucks tho 
@tallestdwarf YAY! can't wait.. hope I don't have to f*ck*ng work that day.. have done the 2 previous years 
Just woke up! What a lovely day. I sadly have to go do carvery at work stuck inside all day!  However, oasis gig 2morrow! x
Shooting into work now, not looking forward to a day in retail with the way I feel 
up at six thirty a.m. -- going to get my run in, then long day of work ahead of me 
Another long boring day at work  nooooooooooooooooo
had the most abso-effin-lutely effin day at work today... eff! 
ahhhh its tuesday   another day at work
@asaviour well the weather is tempting me into gNt's but we'll see how the day goes! Lots of work to do which can't be done at home 
home...half day work today  ....afternoon for administration 
@snipeyhead  my first day off 2morro in ages - budige work sux
Another damn day ends...!!! But still i have got work to do... 
though I have plenty of work to do I would love a day on the sofa sipping cocktails &amp; napping, too bad I need to earn a living 
nice day out but stuck in ere doing work 
2pm, earliest i can get up!! &gt; must do work ALL day!! 
another shitty day  work till 7ish
day 2 of vacation bible school &amp; the kids are loving it! mom is loving it too cuz only have 1 child for 3 hours! on-call tonite @ work 
terrible day -  loads of work, no twittering, and no running 
@DrMacknificent doing good! tired at work...  don't wanna be in the newsroom 2day...
woke up with conjunctiii.. love my life. work all day then prob crawling into my bed and sulking 
No work again  ...  I guess I'd better seize the day eh?
well heading for the shower and then getting ready for work......such a gloomy day 
Oh boy - a day of work in the middle holidays wasn't a good idea 
made it 2 her destination. I wish I didn't have work 2day 
Working through the work day...today is rough 
Not a good day at work today, first day back in 2 weeks and got my area manager doing a visit 2mo 
@suddentwilight oh! I remembered now that you arent having a good day at work today.. 
@miahump yea it does. i remm when my x would have a bad day at work- there went my night! ugh!! horrible.. 
Just got home. It was a nice day. A bit behind with work 
wants to be off work! boring day 
FInally done with work. got a long ass day tomorrow 
hope tomorrow is a better day at work!!!! 
What a gorgeous day!all work and no play for me this week 
@renu19 It depends on people i think, i works only in nights, day work is dangerous for me. 
i have a lot of thinking to do that i don't wanna  but it was a good day at work because i didn't get bitten by dogs...yay! 
I LOVE work... but I miss talking to my brother during the day 
today is disconnect and do the work day 
Finally heading home after another 12 hour work day ! 
Today was a pretty good day, don't want to do work tomorrow though 
Up bright and early for a busy day at work..not the brightest day and not the brightest lad..its 04:45  !!!
Going to get some sleep.  I have a very busy day long day at work tomorrow 
Really looking forward to my shit day at work 
morning every1. where has the nice weather gone  getting ready for work, busy day 2day.
last trading day at work today .. think i might actaully miss it    ugh friggin money matters. why isnt there enough for everyone???
not looking forward to going to a work meeting on my day off tomorrow 
@tdbtura hellow sir.. am nt exactly fine.. work's terrible.. crossing the bewitching hour every since day since last 1 month..  .miss home
@PodRED I'll be ok, just probs need a day off work as well tired 
a typical worse day ! . got a flat tyre , reached work late 
.....and i can't log on to works server and have shit loads to do before i'm on leave next week!! my day has not started well!! grrr 
Note to myself: never go outside on a hot sunny day when you still have lots of work to do     http://twitpic.com/7m2ov
gym day~...feel very tired but...work out has become a habit to me 
Morning...looking forward for a another boring day at work. i really hate sitting there having nothing to do  
workin my long day today in plymouth  and things are uneasy at work now thank to the economy
@shedd_aquarium You should have late-night days for those of us who work during the day 
is at work and is in alot of pain  ...this is going to be a loooooooong day!
Finally have a day off of work and planning to sleep all day. Except working is calling again.. Going in at 2pm 
I didn't wake up in time to run this morning and I forgot my swim gear to swim at lunch. great way to start my day. now i'm stuck at work 
@veganrunningmom You have a run planned today? Its such a nice day outside. I almost played hookie. I wish I could run instead of work!  
At work...busy day today..i was hopin to head out a lil early.... maybe not 
wishing i had a song in my head,and my feet in the sand.instead im stuck at work on a lovely day! 
first day back at work  and waiting for the iphone 3.0 update 
at work on my day off  it's okay -- the paycheck makes it worth it!
Enjoying my morning cup of coffee, and getting ready to go back to my first day of work after 2 weeks.. 
why am i up? shitty day out + mixpod doesnt work on myspace anymore 
No iPhone update  now I'm at work. It's gloomy outside.. I just wanted to snuggle in bed all day.
i've completed my top 3 tasks for the day, now its time to do some house work 
I want to get home after a long day at work but the train is late again. 
Another boring day doing work for my mom... Yay 
beautiful day... too bad i gotta work 
Bindering up music licenses all day today, then going to my job where i sit alone for hours at a time.  great way to stay busy.  
is looking forward to spending another mummy, harry day and watching high school musical 2 to cheer herself up as hubby at work 
Today might be my last day of work. As much as I can't stand those rugrats sometimes, I'm going to miss them 
got all ready for work, just about to walk out the door and i get a call from my boss telling me to take the day off   
Waiting for my babe to get home from work ... I know he has had a long day  ....
Long ass day at work note to self never party til 4 in the am and the go to work at 8 its the worst 
Two more days of work  pay day tomorrow!
ending a long day at work.. time to go handle some business.. then off to bed.. aww i miss my bed.... 
: great day of work, I'm gunna be sad when it's over 
long long day at work   tomorrow off!!
@SoldierKnowBest hey soilderknowbest, I finished a crappy day at work went to update myself and got the same error 
@delamarRX931 gud am rushers! I'm unable to listen to U live since i'm at work  so i just dload them from the net, hope i can join 1 day!
@michaels_feed going good. I have a day off from work, and wanted to go for a ride, but hasn't stopped raining all morning  see my link?
long day at work, no water in the cistern, and no-one to cook supper 
At work but would rather be at home.  bad day
ahhh. what a long day at work. im so sleepy and hungry!! 
Its a nice day out. To bad I'm stuck at work   go live up today enough for the both of us!
longest day of my life............ work is done now its time to play..................and i didnt get that pony today  maybe tomorrow....
had a shitty day at work...can tomorrow come already please? 
@kaitmurph did you fall sleep   work all day tomo.
is just now getting home from a 12 hr. work day....f'n exhausted... 
a looonnggg day! time for sleep! work in the am 
@sicknastyemily aww thanks! But i think i have work that day. Or visiting college  blehh haha
Just sprained my ankle...perfect ending to a crappy 12 hour day at work. 
Yes! Just made some amazing sounds tonight.. I have to go to sleep now, getting up early big day at work tomorrow 
im going to watch the office and go to bed.. it was such a longg day.. I can't wait to sleep in sat morning. 2 more days of work 
off of work soon..def cabbing it tonight..looking forward to my one day off this week 
bad migraine, icky day at work, not feeling great all together 
Oh oh ... I think this is going to be a very interesting day at work - no fun 
Just getting ready for work  Lacking energy after my two day conference!
I find this work thing very depressing when the sun is shining &amp; I have to spend the whole day staring out the window! 
Having a super stressfull day @ work 
insanely busy day ahead, loads and loaaaads of work plus huge files to upload which means no streaming tvcatchup.com while i work  boo!
is not feeling work ont his gorge day 
is gonna have an awful day at work-sigh 
last day i get to be with him and see him till august 10th!!  hopefully it all works out.....
Another day with an offsite team building...I'm all for comraderie, but this just means more work to do  in the P.M. 
last day of work b-4 we leave for the races and its raining 
no Asish control urself...tomorrow is a working day 
Late for work for like the 4th day in a row.. 
I do not want to leave my house with this rain!!  Possibly going to stay home all day and get work done here. This weather is depressing 
sitting at work tired. plus its raining. what a day. 
Todays my last day at work   do I go in all dressed up, or looking like a hobo?
12 hour + day at work today 
@Theorganiz3r well it's midnight and I've just finished my first day back at work *yawn* long 17hour day 
Last day of work  I'm going to miss all my children.
well twitz I need to get ready for work... gotta late day 
Last nite was fun. &amp; now to get ready for the work day 
This working all day stuff is starting to catch up to me. I'm ready for a nap, but no nap for me, not today 
Is going home late today after tiring loooooong day of work..... 
at work. nothing to do all day, no tasks. lindsays finishing the only one up right now...hooray!!! i feel so sickly 
@FerniFern i really want to, but robert cant get off work that day to stay w/ arbor, and 2am is too early for my mom to deal    ......
 its such a sad day today.......and i hav nothing to do except for stupid over the summer school work! 
Note to self: polyester shirt on a hot summer day equals epic fail, espcially when you're at work and can't go home and change. 
2nd to last day of work at katalyst 
@emilylaura7 I gotta work all day 
Last day of work experience tomorrow.. 
Is slowly getting back into work mode. This weather just makes me want to lay around all day &amp; neglect my work...so not good stuff 
is going to bed in a min so she can get up for work in the morning, hardly seems worth it for one day 
 HOW is this possible? I demand a justification. No way can I stand a day of this at work tomorrow.
@waterglobe I missed a beautifull day, I know....   very, very busy week at work... unfortunately... did you enjoyed yourself???
I just realized I been wearing my pants inside out all day long at work. You think anyone notice? .................     LOL
day at the beach, and now getting ready for work. too bad 
omg.....soooo tired, can't wait for my work day to end 
Just sitting around the house. Only one day left of work at the lab. It's supposed to be crappy up until wednesday though... 
Almost done work for the day...can't wait to crawl into bed. The coffee kicked in and then wore off within 5 minutes. 
Last day for work today, before I'll take a leave ..... nice .. .but full of meeting!  
what a sleepy day, have work in a few hours 
arrested development then SLEEEEEP!  working all day tomorrow 
Just got out of work. I had fun. It was a rainy day so i hardly worked. But i don't want to work tomorrow. I work till 4 am 
finally home from work. i have a longggg day ahead tomorrow. 
Long hurting day today... i hate you low pressure systems. I really hope this weekend goes well, i need some fun... all work and no play. 
storm &amp; scared dog means no sleep for angela sad day have 2 b up 4 work by 6 
7am and I'm awake getting ready for my 12 hour shift on results day  can't decide whether to get mine at work or wait til 8.........
I'm an hour and a half early for work so gone for breakfast. Dressed wrong today- absolutely freezing!!!! I hate being cold  boooo
Tired after a long high heels day at work 
Morning! Lovely day...and yet I'm in work again today 
work during the day, concert in the evening...no time for modo 401 
Last working day in my company 
I'm out of the tourney wth just one level remaining for the end of day 1  played so good, just a move that didnt work as expected #EVPWSOP
each day I'm having more work than the previous....I won't have much time for twitter  I'll try to check in the little breaks I'm taking..
got a headache at work. Another long day today 
laziness day !! no idea for works that i should do for today 
@ work ... off ... hard day today 
Last day of work before a rainy weekend. 
There's good &amp; bad news: No power at DaHub's work - might be a three day weekend! Too bad he won't be paid for it though. 
sooo not looking forward to working tomorrow. the worst thing for me is having to be at work 6:30am after having a day off 
Long, loong, loooong day at work 
A new day, last exam for this year and I'm starting work in 2 days...I'm gonna miss my favorite teachers 
I wiash I could stay asleep.. And enjoy the rain!  Buuutttt nooooo. Stuipd work!!  I'm there all day and probably won't sell anything!  
Ugh so tired!  Long day at work then hopefully something fun 
@getloaded.   Just another work day for poor little me   LOL
its friday and the first day of my work week 
I wish brandon had the day off work. I want him back home giving me a big hug and kiss 
all work and no play. today sure would be a nice day for doing stuff outside 
My last day of work today! How sad 
Enjoying my last full day of vacay  But, on the bright side, I still have one MORE week off from work!!
and suddenly hyped for work experience: 10.30 till 6, monday to friday. although there's a heatwave next week so four sweaty tubes a day 
this is such a slooooow day  Another hour of work still..... cruelty I think so!
Ughhh so one of my co-workers did not show up for work today so he got fired. So now i hqve to work all day. 
toothache,definetly a sick day for work,i plan on staying in bed ALLLL freakin day 
Last day of work before vacation. I can't even tweet... I have no energy. 
@GenGaudreau haha come join! I'm trying to get the day off work! 
@Perignonic you have an early nite too, i've got a long day tmr at work man 
Ugh such a nice day and i have work  hangout afterwards???
17 minutes til i leave work, wooo. what a boring day 
Cleaning off my desk, last day of work for summer job #1 now over 
eewwwww work allll day 2moz 
#dontyouhateit when its finally nice out after 11 days of rain n u gotta be stuck @ work all damn day! 
Today was the last day of work(work @ elementary school)   I'm gonna miss my bad lil demons....
stupid burn marks from the bullet casings  hopefully getting ready for work fast so i can go buy father's day cards first.
short work day today...shorter pay 
glad to be done work for the day...worried bout a friend tho....didn't look to happy today 
having a respitory infection really does suck, especially when yr up in 6 hours to go to the sorting office then yr first day of work  boo
Is not having a good day at work no one is turning up to my viewings. 
I had to do more blood work today  but we find out what the baby is at the end of the month!
Headed to bed, gotta work all day tomorrow I don't feel too well! 
mm..not feeling too wonderful, my stummy hurts.   I should probably go to sleep soon...7 hour work day again tomorrow &amp; grad parties...
I missed my friend's b-day party because I had to frickin' work &amp; it sucks real bad!!! I love you solome! I fail... 
Today will be my longest day at work on a weekend 
I sooo don't  want to go work  I wana sit in bed and watch newlyweds all day!!! X
last day at work today 
best move my asss off the sofa and get some work done. only got a 1 day weekend this week (yes i'm grabbing again). 
@MrCrunchiebar that's a bit of a fuck off isn't it!  poor you. Is it full on work day or can you sneak off for coffee later???
has got got another long day at work  bring on monday
alright, work time, i dont want to go  at least it is a short day! then back home for some homework and duh twittering!
just got back from taking sadie for a walk now a full day of work  lame
about to go home for the day...got more paperwork and school work to do there. it seems like it never ends 
today is my last day of work for two weeks.... i'm gonna miss everyone  (well almost everyone haha)...stupid surgery....
drinking coffee and watching full house, another 9 hours at work today  totally need a day on the lake!
@TJArnhem We are having an absolutely beautiful beach day today too!!! ... too bad I'm inside working at a computer 
I have something in my eye so it looks like i'm crying. I can't get it out and it hurts  long day at work 
it's so hard to leave two kitties who want you to stay   i have a day and a half to spent with them after work though
@tubbsmcguire how come you're still on date?  only popped to the pub for last half hour.   Today's a work day!
work all day. ew. 
work all day  .. oh well, i could really use the money
@ work on a rainy day, tired and sick 
took the day off work, end up working harder at home  
just got back from a manic shift at work and now has my sister shouting at me because i went to sit down..arghhhh...i hate 2day  x
has been at work again today, and is at work all day tomoz as well, life bites at times 
My feet are kiling meee after a hectic day at work 
I don't enjoy finance work on the weekend. I feel like I just can't catch up with life sometimes. I'm not @ my ma in law's b-day party. 
today is my first day back at work after 2 weeks of vacation. 
ugh!! gotta get up and get ready for work  ...i'd much rather spend the day with my brother being silly
outstanding day, and i'm at work.  come visit me, i'm at hugo's til 7 
@the_watchmaker I did not have a good day at work  got any bloody errands that need my attention?
long day at work. tmrw, may. be. hell. waking up at 5:15a.m. 
just showered after a long, sweaty day outside at work. didn't see any elephant protesters 
Finally getting out of work. This day took forever. 
Is so tired. A long day at work followed by a shit party. 
is bummed...nearly 2 pm and the hubby is still at work...what a waste of a beautiful day 
off work long day seemed end less. Not moving for another year.  was ready for texas.
What a ugly day! @ home relaxing gotta work tomorrow 
come nurse me back to health @kollegemd  bring some of those good ol work goodies you play with all day...LOL
is home from work. finally get a day off tomorrow, then work 13 days in a row 
long day of cpr class and then work...bed and up early for work open to close 
im not lookin forward to another long day at work tomorrow 
had a looong crappy day at work 
gotta be at work at like 8 its my last day  so sad but I won't be there on time well I'll
so tired from a long day! getting ready to go to bed... work all day tomorrow 
first day back at work  a sunday......rubbish!!!
@drunkenmonkey87 can't. Stuck at work all day. On my own till 11 
what a great day. it's starting to feel like summer even though I have work tomorrow 
wow... made it to the kitchen for breakfast - wish i could spend the whole day in bed - but too much school work 
Finallly offf work ! I can't even go bak home for daddddy day  back to the apartmenttt..
@OfficialVernonK probably because you were drunken twittering late at night! any plans for fathers day? im stuck at work until 4! 
want to lay in bed and eat ice cream all day.but unfortunately im at work 
doing all my uni work for tomorrow as fast as possible so i can spend the day watching 'i am sam'. i miss my k-pop phase, for some reason 
@bhl1 huh. and @michelecatahay gave me guff for not buying her lunch at work today, so I guess I blew it this year.  
is having a lazy day but I have work later 
On my way 2 a long day of work. The rain will porob make it slower 
Working hard for her money... It's already hott out  prob not going to be a fun day at work
looks another rainy day  and I have a full day of work ahead of me!
@crupuscular sunday is a day at work for me 
I gotta work all day today   happy fathers day to all you dads out there.
two days left of work (counting today)...then a day off.. but dont really get to sleep in bc i have a doctors appt.. 
is nervous for her first day of work tomorrow...gah i have entred a sanctum which i cannot escape for at least another 50 years 
at work on a sunday  and its father's day
At work and my tummy hurts  this should be a fun day
work on papa day 
Waking up with a swollen knee is not a good start to the day. So much for the yard work I had planned today 
work alll day 
just confirmed my last day of work is tomorrow ...then no more zoo. 
ugh work  .... happy papa day
Another long day at work *yawns* I'm so tired out from yesterday night 
I am at work.....happy fathers day to me 
I dont wanna work today  its daddys day
My boo gotta work on fathers day 
Wishing it was a beach day instead of a work day!  
last day of my 7 day work week! I leave in 3 daaaays! I'm gonna miss everyone! especially my sisters! 
another day at work. tryin' to get through it with a positive mind set..but it doesn't help that I have a huge headache 
 I won't see you at all tomorrow. Its work then movies. Then sleep before more work. The one day a yr I should see you I won't... 
taking a break from work.  only have a few minutes.  bummer    weekends are never long enough!  was a sad father's day for me.  first  ...
has had a hard day at work  ....back tomorrow though!!!!!!
I feel so overwhelmed, hoping I can get all this work done  @squarespace please make this day better #squarespace
long long day at work and my cold is back  
@2and12sleeps for my actual birthday day I shall be in work 
Only has one more day at his old job!   I'm really going to miss it here!
really long day at work, but bad economy=6 hours a week  this is a catastrophe. loving summer so far though- school, work, play, read,&lt;3
I'm a bit worried about the fact that a week from tomorrow is my last day as a full-time employee due to budget cuts at work.  
@MissWall finish work w/ a large amount the of day still available #goal #fail 
Just now gettin up no work 2day but still gonna b a long day 
home now...no work anymore  somehow happy that this was my last day...
http://twitpic.com/86utn - I broke my snow globe the other day at work 
what a gloomy morning...combine it with the afterthought feeling I get from work...what a sad day 
such a nice day...and i've been stuck inside doing my college work ready to hand in tomorrow 
Working on residency paper work all day...blargh 
I wish I didn't have work so early every morning  I want to go see Transformers 2!
at work. starting as a slow day.   wish tax season wasn't over.
felling hot hot hot! been stuck in work all day and its been sooo nice outside 
is not looking forward to being ANOTHER year older on thursday  already feel old after having a 2 hour nap on sofa after work today!
Gorgeous day outside playing with elodie before work 
another tweet from work as the computer is definitely dead. no day off tomorrow because i have to work overtime. 
work day done!! dinner wit my ladies comin up next!! missing @p_downing already, and he's not even @ the airport yet 
I'm home resting, long day @ work!!! 
@CopperSoul - oh, i also need that person's b-day (or sign) to complete it. still at work though...   - pulling another late nighter.
work gets worse and worse each day 
last day of work tonight.. i'm gonna miss my crew 
Finally the day has come.. But have a lot of work to finish before I leave 
had a prtty crappy day at work and now i feel even worse. i really miss somebody special 
Just got back from work....What a day!! I love 17 1/2 hour days...so do my dogs 
sleep!  work 8 to 4 and then class 6 to 10... ughh long day tomorrow 
going to bed...gotta wake up at 10:30am to be at work at 12, wackkk  overall fun day though  ...zZ
Long day at work today - with red legs and not the best frame of mind  I am sure things will get better in my head soon...
hope that complaint is not for me. I have to train someone all day. No time to actually do work 
missed netball coz mum had a busy day at work 
Last day, for everyone today...................NOW the real work starts. I have to clean my office out 
Another day in paradise...except really i'm at work just dreaming of paradise 
Long sad day at work 
my last day off work 2day, then up at stupid o'clock for work in the morning, start work at 4:15am  
writing a list for a massive day of housework tomorrow...silly rental inspections 
Is ticked off at work  boo bad day in away boo
hope my computer works all day. it didnt work yesterday 
Last day of work experience tomorrow. I'm going to miss those kids. 
Another lovely day, and im stuck at work all day till 9.30pm. 
last working day in play school is over  i'll miss them all! but i've my new tattoo. i'll upload a pic when it dosen't look scary anymore
@obertron it did.. but I'd rather have hard ground and sun and sand at 7am then waking up to get ready for work, any day 
At work, editing this concert piece, the cute intern is not in 2day  lol
what a lovely day! even though im very bored!! work tonight first day back since iv been poorly... 
Having a bit of a day (again!!). And starving. Not stopped all day and have a very late night of work planned. I need a hug 
first day back at work and away from my little girl 
why cant someone be more sponteneous and romantic... haiz... no use hoping...  better slp...2mrw long day at work again...
Starting a busy day at work happy that @geoffjones rang me from airport 
horror scope: &quot;doing boring desk work will take constant mental readjustment now&quot;. and that's different from every other day how?! 
good workout...now getting ready for work! aother long day  enjoy everyone!!
righto, time for work. have a productive day everyone and don't stay on here too long!! 
Dress up day at work. I look good damnit. 
Getting ready for work. Its my first day to work in the mens department ... no more childrens. 
I'd love to tweet all day today but I have work to do that must get done so I'll tweet when I can. God bless everyone!  #tcot
@Causalien The irony is that I use it every day at work 
is getting ready for work. wishing everyone a beautiful day 
never waste a sunny day  working out, tanning, then shopping and work 
work + overtime + slow news day + audio board = happy kim with big paycheck coming up! 
had a goooooooooood day at work today 
yat again work up early. not impressed. had a fun day yesterday wine tasting in cambridgeshire countryside 
will eat some breakfast, work out and then spend the rest of the day in the sun 
is awake!  Lovely sunny day, shame i gots work do xx
day off work, watching hollyoaks hopefully do something more exciting today. its so sunny 
will be at work, until 7:00pm. I'm still not sick, and I slept in a bit. Today will be a good day 
no beter way to celebrate the last day of spring break then to be swamp at work with stupid people....i am so excited 
great work. great breakfast with megan. now off to hang with matt. have a lovely rainy day 
did nothing all day long  ready for another work week... missing my sis.
@wilks in the works to *maybe* offer a 30 day trial. People that simply know what I'm about will jump at something like this. 
my working day has not started but I know already it will be rubbish! At least I can escape to the park at lunch!! 
happy monday! Its lovely and sunny! I can see ahead a really proactive day at work 
Is happy that she don't have 2 work with the pratt 2day. 
is at work, on another beautiful day wish i could be outside playing  xoxo
is at work and not enjoying the rain, but hope everyone has great day..xoo 
@pauldotcom hope you are going to record you 12 hr session  would keep me very happy on my 4 hr commute 
i'm leaving for work now. i hope everyone has a good day 
@sineadcochrane We have a tradition in work that on your birthday YOU bring in the munchies. Wroks pretty well, munchies all year 
@joe0616 hahaha I looked it up yesterday so no worries.But you are right too many holidays to remember have a good day at work 
@switchfoot http://twitpic.com/3oq1r - nothing as relaxing as a nap in that beautiful place after a hard day's work 
Only half day at work and the sun is shining yay, yipee, woo hoo 
little bit of sun, little bit of work. playing a few hours daddy, thats my day today! 
@ArielChloe well another sunny day i could get use to this time off work maybe i wont go back they wont miss me 
what a beautiful day  shame being at work :-$
Thanks for ending my day at work on a sweet note. 
Yay for being home finally  Another lonnnggg day @ work tomorrow
Getting smoothies with mariah after a hard day at work 
@velvetella you are probably on the way to work, or at work now, but have a good day, and enjoy your 'being whisked away' later 
Heading home after a good day at work, even though I'm sunburned. 
@jennettemccurdy ohh schoolwork on a saturday :/ not nice lol  well i cant really say much ive been in work all day! lmaoo
off to work. Hopefully today's not a crazy day. excited for plans after work. 
Having a good day today, even tho I'm at work, hope nothing spoils it! 
@songbookbaby...well, i hope you enjoy your day..i really enjoyed the convo tonight..look forward to many more  i'm off work,FIINALLY
tomorrow 1at day in new work! 
@amandaseyfried good morning, doll! have a nice day! and if its any consolation, im at work too 
About to clock in at work, cant wait for the day to be over so i can crawl back into when i get home 
off work today  what to do with my day??
Yesterday was a great day... Being back at work and getting into my old groove is a really good thing. 
tommorow's my first day of work! wish me the best 
Too much running around today but at least it was a very productive day!  now time to relax and prepare myself for another work week...
Getting ready to go to bed long day of work then my last exam tomorrow yay! 
I am hitting the sheets.. another day of work and softball tomorrow! what a life! I love my fiance 
At work...the good thing is I don't need to wear a suit... it's jeans day everyday 
a sunny start in a new work-filled week 
today is maintenance day for me, my flat and my blog...yeahhhh a lot of little works 
Quiet day at work 2day.Just had dinner. Whats doin out there? 
had my first day at work and im not excited about the lay out of the place and where everything is.. o well its a job 
@djEDGE34 WOw, that's a lot of work.  I hope today is a day off for you.    I'm working as usual.  But, getting some playtime in too.
Leaving for work.. 5:30 can't get here soon enough!  hope everyone has a great day!
first day of work: sucessful  i didnt do anything stupid or hurt/embarrass myself too much...
morning done my school work doing nothing all day now  what about u twitters
work 7 to 4.... happy mother's day! 
work alllllllllllll day! happy mothers day! 
work all day. homework all night. just one more day 
happy mothers day! work from 11-3 then going to see my familyy 
im so tired. busiest day of the year at work today. yay. (sarcasm) sleep on... wednesday 
@DawnRichard your dog is adorable and the house is beautiful!. hows ur positive day going? mines much better now that im off work 
Just got off... I had such a good day at work... Other than this headache 
oh what a lazy day. no work. just watched rove and slept. 
@BetterPlagues Now that's the kind of tweet that helps me start work in the morning!  
has another busy day tomorrow at work, but i LOVE it there! 
@lauzc87 morning, hope work goes well on your 1st day back? enjoy the hot drinks lol  speak lates ben x
Morning - another busy work day today, although its the last one before I break up for a week and a half!! 
At work..a lazy start to the day.. 
another longggg work day! have a wonderful day everyone 
yay last day of work till monday 
@Running5k2day HaHa.. yeah I know how that works 
@Mollyschambrs nawww I get a special mention *blushes*.. Have a great day at work!! 
already done work for the day  i guess i should try to find a couple more early clients to make getting up so early payoff better. hmmm
time for knocking off work...all tweeted out  for the day too I think! 
least that way it's almost like getting multiple surprises throughout my day! did brighten up work a tad...and that's pretty hard to do!  
at work again... rainy day in the northeast... fun! 
bed time, such a good day, such a good weekend, work tomorrow, but life is awesome  goodnighttttt (L)
Has another mental day at work tomorrow - yet more fighting with egos! But I'm ready and have my armour on 
Having a fun day at work! 
is finally up ah its nice to sleep in lol. lazy day today. gotta work on my project and acquaint myself with the books for work  {5 days}
1.5 hrs left of work and I am done for the day! 
working all day at the half marathon, sore muslce and got sun burnt but a good day  really tired though and ive got uni work to do tomoz
ok well I'm off work all week!  you pick the day and time love. We have so much to catch up on xoxo @neveah23
ready for bed, first day closing by myself at work tomorrow...scary! haha goodnight 
Just got back from work, playing with puppies and kittens all day  i love my job!
I'm planning out my day off from work in a very effective way. btw its surprising to find out that i still have 18 days left for vacation 
has been on the computer for hours..it's so addicting! i think i'm gonna go get some sleep. busy day tomorrow! 'night everyone! 
If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?  lol home from work shit day but someone worth while made it better  =P yay
No work today pheww, chillaxin for a few hours then go see the girls  any1 else havin a chiilout day? ;)
couldn't fall asleep last night...overslept in the morning...was late for work..nice way to start the week... 
a good Summer day starts, let's do some work now (+maybe an evening swim, too?) 
had a gd day yesterday  shame i gotta work 2 day
what will be will be - morning everyone hope you have a fabbie day  just in work, just waking up  x
OK, my last tweets sounded like I'm drunk all day, don't sleep that much and hate my work... I should stop tweeting 
http://twitpic.com/5f3nd - The view on my day off work 
can't wait to get home from work and sleep all day 
'Morning, twitterfriends! It's a great start to the work week! If you're up, tweet w/3 words to describe your morning-may put on the air 
@bobbinrob ten past nine babe, hope your work is over for the day 
been a good day. haven't got a lot of work done, but making progress in my head... 
Final hand-in day...finally no more guilt of avoiding uni work 
first day of work today.  
its monday, and another work week starts ...  hope everyone has a great day!
10 worst serial killers - http://bit.ly/18ZDS3  interesting read at the end of a work day 
1st day at new job 
my work is no presurre at all but  they give me less day off , shoudl i find other job again!..geesh im nto even 2 month here 
Heading to my first day of work in texas 
relaxing on my first day off from work and 6 form since like forever!!! 
Listening to N2N all day at work for the win! 
@jayxtreme sounds like a good day, watching cartoons, even if you did do some work 
@nursemichelle80 goodmorning and wishing you a great 1st day on the job 
first day back at work went well. except a few internet problems. hopefully we're online again tomorrow, it's quite essential 
is at work, ready for my 3 day weekend 
On my way to my first day of (full time) work 
Last day of college! After i frantically get this photog work in i can relax 
I have a light work day in the am, so I can afford to stay up a little late 
@the7thpwr I love my work!!! plus have the bonus of a four day weekend to look forward too. 
Last day at work today, then a short holiday woo 
Just 5 and half more hours and this day at work is done! I am really looking forward to the weekend 
gathered energy for the last day at work this week. 
Just got one day of formalities at work before a huge and hectic weekend! Here's hoping for a fun one as well 
work is fun! (runs away) such a nice sunshiney day, hope it stays like this 
good morning twitterworld! another beautiful day off work  will go for another longer ride on my bike - have a great day yourselves!
back in work...life is unexciting 2day...football do later should be good tho  xx
@AlwaysSpecial2 Thanks, plan to enjoy the day and the next 3 as i'm off work, hope your well and having a good day too 
Last day of work for the week! I don't know how I managed to get off all weekend. 5:30-12:00! yay for short shifts!!! 
It's my last day at work today, I'm so happy 
work until 6..then 3 day weekend 
@Chlofupup yes!!! does tuesday work as a possibility. has to be a work day for me so i can catch a ride w/ dad  i'll call you soon!
another day off  then im workin a week and a half with only one day off ..work sucks
back home from work, have the rest of the day off 
@sgaw Thanks. It's already a great birthday because @judyhoctor took the day off from work! 
work all day and then volleyball/farm stuff! 
getting ready for work. then with some queer all day 
yay for three day weekends, 5 hours of work then lots of play! 
work again all day. but i get a little break to get my hair done 
still semi-doped-up &amp; goofy from sedation for endoscope (results came back fine)... home now, day off work. (editing while dopey = bad 
wow, you can get a lot done when you are in the office at 8:30. The day is much longer 
ok all, u have sucked me in for the better part of the day. I must do some admin work to get caught up before hitting the road again! 
@realdollowner Today is a better day.  Overslept, was late for work, but I feel oodles better   Thanks!  Now it's time to plan my finances
today a half day work, nice 
just got done wit a work out haha made a awesomely good protein drank  banana's are awesome haha  good day i guess one has to love love 
@rashyyy i am having a cleaning day. guess what! i just got a two week temp job right near where you work! so we can have lunchhh 
thou shalt laugh was great! after a long day at work, a good laugh is just what i needed. 
last day of work tomorrow 
long day. work was insane. crystal got kicked out. idiot.  haha
@megancamma also, i'm sure you've heard there's a this day &amp; age acoustic tour in the works! we need to hit that up too 
Every day, I keep the faith, work hard, exercise determination, and maintain perseverence. 
Last day at work today. A bit sad, but mostly awesome. I made cake! 
is finished work for the day.. went so slow! now cuddled up on the couch watching 'miss congeniality' 
@salandpepper im good thanks, one more day at work, then looking forward to a sunny weekend hopefully  xx
