Most common words for this cluster:
[('day', 3156), ('oh', 148), ('u', 125), ('lol', 119), ('today', 114), ('amp', 75), ('com', 70), ('seb', 69), ('b', 66), ('tomorrow', 63), ('im', 62), ('http', 62)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'day', 0.7842727899551392), (u'@_kiranchetrycnn_@', 0.6541802883148193), (u'samantharonson_@', 0.6494725942611694), (u'brookeburke', 0.6332582235336304), (u'JeremyShockey_@', 0.6321367025375366), (u'SheldenWilliams_@', 0.629767894744873), (u'@_donlemoncnn_@', 0.6258912086486816), (u'Ding_dang', 0.6241077184677124), (u"Aren'tI", 0.6240442991256714), (u'omg_i', 0.623904287815094)]





@cocomix04 ill tell ya the story later  not a good day and ill be workin for like three more hours...
mhm, not having a good day  blah blah blah
watching greek. cant believe its the last day ill see you guys.  june 20.... ahh.
isnt feelin 100% 2day 
@PrinceDavey aww no invite??  lol jk. coolness for the day off!
Nothing was sick all day it sucked im just up late cant sleep 
Going to sleep have a busy day going to meetings and stuff - miss my girl shes in switzerland 
a day of nothing...bliss!! miss my boy tho 
What a lousy day  ... buh...
pissed coz a friend is to busy to see me2day 
At my mama ji's place.. everybody keeps giving me new options to study or work now. i get more confused with each passing day.. 
pissed coz a friend is too busy to see me2day 
crappy day so far.  whyyyyy?
@gjarnling woops! you did get it and replied!! I am having a dumb day i guess  x
This day officially sux.. bad mood and stuff like that 
bored as hell but working... what will this rainy day bring me... miss my boo 
@hurryUPnBUY lol, I had such a long day yesterday. Now I'm back on my grind and gotta play catch up 
...omg it's only 10 o'clock!  damn it's going to be a looonnng day 
@hyperbets now day 2  i hope yours goes away asap!
Today is the official cuddling day and I'm not with the person I wanna cuddle with 
is having another crappy day 
now im sad that i apparently did not get an email for 31DBBB day 2   oh wells
looooooooooong day  but home and chillaxin with my shane now ;)
is having a down day   !!!!! xxx
got home kind of too late for chris's recital  had dinner with liz &amp; cathy. what a long day.
lookin forward to the day i have enough energy to stay up past 10:30 on a fri nite.  not since 2007   will i ever have those days again?
u guys really need to have another concert in toronto for the day before or the day after like honestly who wants to sit far back 
Yayyyyy day 1 of coachella almost over. So tired 
havent been on all day  hanging out with my mommy&lt;3
*yawn* g'mornin' have headache.  pls depart! veggin' w/cuppa chai b4 I have to wrap my head around the day.
bad ending to the week in winston salem - windows account on laptop got semi-hosed, and i lost (at least for the moment) all my settings 
last day in lebanon drinking beer and bbq 
@reedoh Lol; my team already played and lost  in da week x; nice to just chill; got a busy day 2moro so making da most xx
i was getting like 10 followers a day on old username, now its 1 a day if im lucky  I cant find anyone with my interests &gt;.&lt;
Only one more day in san fran  we love it here!
missing #coachella   and how is #record store day going?  i'm in a bubble, so folks, let me know what's going on out there!
in case you were wondering, being uninsured SUCKS. I'm not even allowed in the glorious sunshine for the day 
is having a boring day in iowa 
kinda bummed that i missed copeland the other day 
Last day in melbourne. 
1 more day of spring break...  wish it could have lasted 4evr!! (
@lindsaykirsch haha yup. i'm spending my last day  of break on a plane 
what a bad day for my teams...celtics and arsenal 
its a horrible day! theres no sunshine! 
Bad day for seattle sports 
I lost my on a good day cd that i bought on the streets of chicago, lets hope that itll give the person who finds it a good day. 
oki it iz now 3:00 am g2g sleep i have my last day of hoildayz 2morrow  love you guys ily..[[reunitation roxxx]]
@brianangelday26 yes. To this day 
@cindyl92 You talking about my picture? That's mean dude  You just ruined my day.
My mouth huuurts! And its all bruised and yucky! But we're off to the broads for the day. No wine tho 
i hate sundays, bought stuff for the ship  watching an all day marathon of scrubs
@j9son cheers, regular sunday gig, accounting doesn't stop on any day of the week! Always pennies to count 
So effin tired rite now  maybe not enough diet coke 4 me 2day? Gnite ppls
despite having like... no sleep, it's been awesome. wish @lcibos could have been with us.  ---one more day on con!
day 2 w/o my iphone is not goin so good 
has had a loong and tiring day... but waiting for seb 
Almost had to put my dog to sleep..yesterday was a shitty day 
oh dear. last day of te holidays  back to school tomorrow. yay?
@ternoman am gud thnx! weather is bad. raining all day. 
@jessica_meow haha silly fezz, its not ym fault i was friken bored all day  lol
bk 2 school 2moz..  as usual, cramming in all hwk in 1 day...oops.  u would think i would have learnt by now - no chance.
sunday  last day of half term...i finnish skwl totally on may 15th then all hav to do is go on for examz...dreadin results in summer tho!
got to do my french and english h/w 2day  *ugh!*
woak up at like 7:10 cant get back to sleep  gunna be drozie rest of the day
oh wat a great day..but headache now 
avoiding homework..last day of springbreak 
good morn.sunshinehttp://tinyurl.com/3cn9gx a beautiful day , sun is hiding.  j
feels so sick and in paaain  bleh, hopefully tomorrow is a better day! How is everyone doing?? xoxo
is not having a good day, no mobile pho ne  and realizing i must be pretty ugly!!
Nervous tmr's first day of school  - http://tweet.sg
@DeVoidBand yes, i am so bummed that i can't do it  i go back to new york the day before the show. wish i could be there...
@jonsItalianbeau  yeah all day yesterday but it was a bust.  still got time but gotta move. tick tick.....tock tock LOL
another lovely day. what to do with this one?? oh i know. library. 
@dani3boyz  #NHLtweetup: i did take pictures and put it on my external hard drive which fatefully failed on me the other day. 
@0lli i got to quit following you. over 50 updates in 1 day is too much for me, cause i miss out on my other firends. sorry 
todays not a good day....  *music=life&lt;3 *
busy day today..got to work at wrong time sucks!!gota go back at 4..till then gota get some studyin done!! 
@FocuseDaily i wish my hubby would do that! he tried lasted a day  please pray...lol
Most days I put up w/ livin in our shoebox apartment 2 save $$ but 2day is not 1 of them. The moment sumthin's fixed sumthin else breaks. 
@agebhard yes...I can understand.. it was a very sad day. 
@ibehRoxx crookers is the best. The rest are bloated and overdone. But I guess remixing day n nite will make you popular 
I feel sick and tired  All I wanna do is sit outside in the sun all day with my laptop.
ill. not happy. too nice a day to feel this crap 
@StephieJaine aww, yep I will - looks a sunny day out there, whats wrong? 
says good afternoon plurkville! im done w/ errands for the day but i'm itchy all over due to allergies  http://plurk.com/p/p4kpk
@hollemo did you have a crappy day? 
@bekkynixon ah it was 1 of those days I think I'll b fine 2morrow I'm down atm  uni isn't helpin lol
Hey hows ppl doin 2day on dis horrible day 
@LadiiUnique awwww I'm sorry wish I could help you  it's no fun being sick on ur big day
@EverybodyKiss oh no we dont  and dont i get 2 servings a day :O
sunny day and im studing 
Last day of the easter hols  
i want to sleep  7ade day5a !!!!
@laura_barnard  don't listen to thought of the day - you might catch religion. that's how they get you, when you're vulnerable. what ails?
Spring??? Where did u go???? It was so nice to see u the other day. U suck 
Today is pay day! Unfortunatly my direct deposite didn't start yet so I gotta go to the store... 
new day,maybe ill find my ipod  had a dope photosoot yesterday
um why does there have to be a complete downpour the first day I bring my laptop into the world 
is gng t have t sit alone for 18 hours on the plane if there's a paper on the freaking last day of school just before the june hols 
Its sooo icky out  class and work all day!
waiting for the stupid comcast guy to fix my modem  love waiting my day away !
surfin the web readin sum book priddy relaxin day, 1st day bak at school tomorro not fun 
going on youtubee!!!!!!!!!! thats how i spend most of my day 
@eva_diva its a new day 
doing some revision on last day of easter hols, life sucks 
i will do  the word of the day when i get back from walmart. i dont want to go! 
@capitosh hi^^ yep,that's terrible(( a weird tradition-it always starts to snow when my b-day is around.xD 
first day back at skool was fun 
Note to self: Never have a roti on a day, and the day after that.  I think digestive foo may have caused me to pull something.  
Is thinking of having a falloutboy day. But fancies having a gaga one 
easter show was so much fun! such a great day! but now i have sooo much homework to do 
@SmellTheRainbow ugh... u still hav holidays just started skool 2day 
@luke not getting enough sleep and letting emotions get the better of me, I want this day to be over already 
2nd day of my vacation! don't have to be you so early !  but iam up
Feeling v blah 2day  altho my new neighbours did leave a lovely bottle of white on our stairs. I was tempted to take it til i read card
what a lovely day, shame I've got double business with mr textbook in an hour or so 
@jojoballz He lookd at it at first, like 'wat's this'? &amp; I said 'Its a b-day card!&quot; he smild &amp; said 'oh, thank you'.But then he had to go 
gettin to bed early for day shift 2morrow 
my throat gurts an i dont kno why??  its been a lang horrible day   ugh!!
finna call it a day  should have never stayed up this late
@alyson21 good for you!! glad you had a good day alyson!! i missed you and the pep assembly got cancelled anyways lol 
is not having a very good day right now  http://plurk.com/p/rb8ya
 been a crappy day...
cant believe ive woken up this early on my day off 
off to work. still feeling shitty  its gna b a loong borin day......
@LilBbyPrincess tomorrow I'm spending the day wiff my momma for her bday 
@munrodouglas good thanx..just home from wrk. off 2 bed now  dont wrk 2 hard 2day lol
oh!!! one more day wasted 
hungry laa... who day didn't eat anything yet... 
Just woke up. i wanna bake cupcakes now   today will be a shitty day...i know it =_=
@cakiiebakiie it's incredible! and i'm gonna be stuck serving pizzas all day! 
2 2day peeps... then 2 2morrow... only 5 to go 
I'm up I'm up...  well here's to a long ass day!
off too wrk for a day full of boring..... i hate tht place.  hahaha
feels quite down  crap day.
baseball practice canceled  but friend comin ovr 2day!
I gotta start painting my room 2day  NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@jeffsonstein ta, dude. I had to correct my earlier tweet, too. I hate it when I get it wrong  ... well, that's my day 2day
oops! runing day 
why do i have to be ill on a sunny day tis not fair 
is SO SO SO SO SO SO SO bored! And its going to be like that the whole day!! whaaaa 
ughh communions all day... wish i was at bamboozle 
Its our last day in cali 
ughh!!! moments were SO precious, but this sickness ruined my incredibly perfect day!! 
@ashleymb1214 you're working allllll day? 
derby day every one ready to win some money or lose a lil 
So not ready for a day of studying pharm  good thing i have some little pink friends to help meee
@robbrechter taking back sunday, yeah that's pretty shameful. I missed saves the day last weekend 
never being aunty carolyn ever again. worst day ever 
imY&lt;----      goin to church.  Family shit 2day. =x
man, my lulz for the day is seriously impeded... /b/ is down 
My babes is going to have to work all day! 
rains forecast for monday, noooooo!!!!!!!! going to be grounded all day... 
I thought this was the desert. it is raining so hard! such a gloomy day. austin's funeral is today  god bless the stoner family
@danraftis they're all new... but some dont look promising... especially alexis and green day 
@willie_day26 the one time I'm nt in my home town yall are there!!! I'm sad 
its sad have so many disapoitmants in one day  wolverin's movie its sucks 
its sad have so many disapoitments in one day  wolverin's movie its sucks 
im sick, cause i got soaked in the rain while riding my bike yester day ughhh, and its a shit day  u?
@SamP0rtillo  i just know theres a problem! :S :| i freaking miss a person, every freaking day at the same freaking hours 
@ShannerNanner hey there!  sorry i missed you earlier today, it was kind of a crazy day of tryin to sleep &amp; not bein able 
'twas a sad day for me  at least i hit the bar upp tn.
just push the knife deeper into my soul, monday is just another day..... 
oh and I did third eye blinds merch all day and missed out on all the bands 
enjoying our last day in auckland   i'm so sad to leave nz...
just woke up after a long night out...feeling crappy cos i practically slept half of my day away 
@wee_em i don't really just wish i had the day off too so we could do something!! 
back in uni for another day... 
@x_SammyBaby_x haha okay D sounding gooooood! wish i could join yous but its my last day of school  i'll be crying all day! haha xxx
The last day of my vacation.. leavin at 7 pm 
At napier uni, working on uni project! what a sunny day and I have to spend the weekend at uni 
It's a fucking day for workkkkkkkkkkkk.  bugger it.
... And on another note, its going to be a longggg day in laundry *looks at the mt everest o sheets* 
13 laps to go.. Evrything seems perfect 4 pedrosa ;) nah a good day 4 kallio, though 
had a beauty sleep day  ugh tomorrows monday, so not ready 
How goes the day in #brighton... am missing home  http://tinyurl.com/c6bou4
@clara018 yeah! my day seemed to pass so fast without him update 
having a shit day 
omg it is supposed to rain all day. really? 
Last day in dc 
@Jrathbne goodness me, your so nice! wish the twilight convention in fl wasn't on mothers day! 
A tv attacked me!!! And now I have a bruise  sad day
starbucks..then english paper all day 
hmmm.....trying to figure out wat to do with my sunday until we head to dinner for dad....ugly day tho y does it rain so much 
is half asleep and not looking forward to work all day today.  oh and homework.
sunday= homework day 
 wat a sad day.....i'll miss you.........work today...sucks my ass
cant believe how ugly it is outside......so much for day at the lake 
@madeleineannie I replied to your email, maybe it didn't go through. I'm at uni all day. Not working till fri 
done with lp meeting, off for the rest of the day! recoup for an hour then to the moore's for kristen's moving away lunch.......  
i've been munching on crappy foods all day 
Going on day 3 w/ no txt...haven't spoke to him in almost 2 wks 
its gona be a long day no siara 
at the lib all day 
@ashguiuan lucky! It is NOT a nice day here  hella fog status
@_chloe I had a bad day 
My day with jen was so relaxing, got the cutest clothes! lets not forget our 70 dollars sandels hehe. missing him 
1st day back to the office..miss my sasha so much.. 
having breakfast and think about my damn boss and how to pass day with his bullshit   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sorry i haven't tweeted all day and half of yesterday, was at grandma's and she doesn't have interwebs 
why is it that busses run ledd on sunday.wouldnt everyone need transportation no matter what day of the week it is...wish my bike worked 
long day ....and its going to be a long week, i miss my andrew  ...goodnight everyone
@igniteshane aww shane  hope your day gets better!
I have a feeling todays going to be quite a crappy day 
@keyshiaDRO yea i saw her 4 like 2 secs lol. i was running errands off the set most of the day &amp; wen i finally back she was finished 
had a lovely lazy day with her man .. soooo don't wanna go back to work or the daily grind tomorrow 
Labs all day with a tute straight after  but then it's hotbox time!
Is not wel 2day 
Is wide awake but thinks its 2 early  haha hmm what to do 2day in the shitty liverpool weather !!
@Moonflowerchild ummm... actually, looks like you get it all day. sorry  x
ahhh.i hate it.tomorrows tuesday. the worse day ever 
working again 2day, but off then till sunday! great!! shame about the weather tho 
@some_nikki_kid Its sad ay lol so depressing  it seems like we're leaving even earlier every day!!
what an awful day in gretna (uk) it is, very windy and dull also has been raining too 
couldnt go to sleep cause my legs hurt from walking most of the day yesterday 
@becca_ca_ca I'm rubbish at day sleeping  Just doing some cooking but will give you a shout in a bit about EOTR tix etc.
ummm i didn't get to wear any of my cute new clothes today because the weather is DISGUSTINGGGG  not a good day ..
@jason_2008 I know!!! Such a crappy day for a bank holiday! 
@robert_day26 ur comin to detroit???? will the boys be with u i missed yall the last time 
@tzwinn sorry dude i can only find day 2 myself. i don't think there will be a full day 3 cos the video was down most of the night 
o damm, another TAKs day... 
i need to do my homework and go to my dancelesson and then the day is over -.- life is too fast    my english is shit i know ;)
my day at the baltic: http://linoleumknife.blogspot.com/  no i did not see any vikings 
@morissette thank you for the happy earth day sorry i couldn't celebrated i wa in egypt, such a poor country 
@sugarghc day was boring...oh u finished it  i missed edward...really! u should continue with twilight from were u finished..u readingit?
@saramwrap why is your next terror-day? i have a double terror on tues 
game day! too bad i feel like crap...otherwise I would be able to enjoy it more! 
Long ass day!!!! 
omg, longg ass day. gnighty night.. been up fore at least 18 hrs. 
great day with danielle. *however, ghostsofgirlfriendspast was pretty disappointing. 
@fatbellybella is playing ucla the day I leave california 
What a shitty day. 
@AlexCouey At least it happened to the other. Sucks to put in a new tube then have THAT tube go within a day or two. 
 this day is so long, and i have to sleep downstairs tonight lolol.
Feeling like crap because I wasted the whole day. I have too much to do! I'm never going to get it done 
At bier market for some lame b-day. This is fratboy/university spot  boooo!
@Bigjohnsgirl yep ur mothers day going to be rained on as well comin dwn n buckets now 
I done missed Wezzy on my B-day...if this aint some shit !!!  , so you couldn't have put him on the flier though?
I done missed Wezzy on my B-day...if this aint some shit!!!  , so you couldn't have put him on the flyer though?
famous ppl never reply back to u on myspace  not fair   but even though its been weeks im still waiting for the day that u hopefully reply
not a good day  rip michael j. smith
says this should be a happy day. pero im lurking on the nega things.  i hope the rest of the day goes well.... http://plurk.com/p/suy1u
 the last full day in ukraine is here off to lviv
Working  really cba 2day
@danielradcliffe hehe bless you, what adventures will be happening today? i have a wonderful day in tesco  every little helps
what a fucking crazy day!!! woohooo!!! so so tired...naptime  goodnight! be safe to those who are still partying all the time!
freakin oprah! making me stay up late now im only going to get 4 hours of sleep  forget mothers day lol
forgot about spanish gp so no day out for us 
off to bed now... hope every one had a great mothers day!! off to work tomorrow  so dont wana go....
oh no i dread 2day 
i must do my mathhomework  its sooo boring I hope you have a nice day  bye
Wow-1 too many celebratory shots last nite  relaxing with my mom 4 her day before my first day as an &quot;adult&quot; tomorrow
@Kevism gutted. would take him over berbatov any day 
is stuck in on this lovely day revising  grrrr
bah, cleaning my house before going to work.  what a wonderful day 
is working all day. everyones gone! 
Why does race day have to happen when I'm supposed to b studying  thats just plain mean
motha's day...freakin' charlie horses all night  
has to work 11-6 on mothers day  http://plurk.com/p/sx8ds
hmm my 1st mommy day and nobody to spoil me 
up super-early on a sunday, guess i should find something productive to do.  but first, coffee.  wish i could spend the day w/my mommy 
i hate working on sundays...especially mother's day! 
oh noh, my mom is listening to victor &amp; leo aaaaaaaaaaaah she watch this dvd everyday, how she can? but today is her day 
last day for cirque  what shall i do without my daily dose of ze french?!
such a tired day  i'm feel so sleepy but i want to eat. errrrr
@freeintegrated......... I texted u last nite....  going 2 church 2day?
oh my geez why do i have to work from 12:30 to 7 on mothers day. 
@lchibanMamaSan I feel ya! Sucks that you can't have the day off. 
is gonna wallow is self pity after another derby day defeat 
Could this day have been any worse?  sucks 
ight sooo... happy mothers day to all you moms out there! and today laker game made me wanna throw up..... 
@katy0819 nope  lol sat around all day and did *nothing* - besides make steak for dinner
Tired after working two jobs in one day. And I missed teri! 
@shanedawson oops i didnt mean 2 wear u out 2day  want me 2 come tuck u in ;)
@Gnaucky sooo over uni today have 3 hour break now  hows ur day been ?
My day was goood, other than super glueing my fingers  off to showerr &lt;3
oh great, way to ruin my day.  :@
prob a bad day for politicians with this aftermath...o #canucks 
 regina spektor reminds me so much of jmo.. im having a reminiscent day.
@missvia probably not, we're both working til 830  + first day back.
bored! dont want skl to be an even day tmrw  eh night twittlers
Waiting for mrs moyon to start band. have had a very very bad day. 
One day she will die out cuz she has had enough.. 
Has only one day left in nyc 
@alexperpich i used to crave slurpees every day last summer. but theres only one 711 in nyc 
blah blah blah its been a busy day for me 
@bittersweetm All day long I havent been able to hit your tumblr. 
I think dis is my worst poopoo day.  haha
off to schooll and its shit weather  hope this day goes fast
Just got home like an hour ago;; layin in bed with my lil love;; FuCkk man i got thee biggest FuCkn headache everrrr  ive had it all day
its far too early to be up !.........miserable day aswell 
Another boring day.. hays.. 
morning tweeple! i've got my baby bro alll day! aww he's so cute,i just wish the weather was better! i'd take him out 
Home all day again revising for my test tommorow  wish me luck! And im loving the birthday treat i got myself,my nipple piercing!!!
@tomjnichols that's ok...i thought u'd never come around to trailing me  lol. sure did make my day! ;-)
duno if I'm gona be fit to do a full day here, my stomach is sore n I don't feel right at all. Not happy!  I was fine earlier!
feeling sick to my stomach all day...thats what i get for eating like a fat person yesterday 
@elysion32 I wish I could this morning.  a perfect day to play hookie &lt;-- LOL never spelled that word before..
goodmorning twitterz! got a crappy day ahead 
I feel like crap. Hopefully I can make it through the day. 
@Terracegirl yeah I 've already ordered the hot water to be ready when I get home...can't wait feeling like a long day 
is taking a personal day......to wright papers 
@donniesplaygirl I'm sry I'm certainly not trying 2 rub it in or make u sad  but I tweet w my friends all day bout what I'm doing evry day
A muffin a day keeps the celebs away I guess cuz none show me love 
wuts good yall? havin' a bad day already...... 
Finished studying for the day...daily dose of gg and oth, before heading to work yet again  x
@Julieannex oh no! its my 1 day off! grrr, of course that would happen 
ohhh god i fuckin hate drama..... ughhhh what a fuckin day 
aaaaaaaah daddy, don't pick me up zz i want to spend my day with tari, @diiix,@ndarie 
fun day with mommy. bed then out for breakfast with sarah and niki, but sadly no julie 
The SoCoLoCos are leaving edmonton  no sightings of @socialcode but it was an UGMAZING day anyways!! 
@alma2awesome yes sweetie its a sad day 
@grossdale have fun in fl. I'll be there the day you leave 
i hate studying, and today is a really nice day and i have to sudy , i want to watch hannah montana 
long day...thesis prep  i need a volunteer to write this,,,,,,,smh
morning all i was up wi the birdies the day!  and got a hangover from hell!!! 
Long tiring day! Its been great though. its effing hot and there isn't anything to do 
@mrsvain wow 8 hrs ago damn shuda rspnded 2 u long ago but yea its a good day today shuda came thru 
Morning all, having full Irish before first shoot of the day at 10, crap weather 
At the plaza  bout to head home gotta clean all day at btree tomorrow http://yfrog.com/13ys1j
 last day of holidays...I wanna cry. http://tinyurl.com/d8s778
Why must it rain on the one day a week i can go riding, thanks for ruining my sunday british weather!  Zombies and forza2 it is then 
went on major shoppin trip 2day, awesome, although i wont get much of a chance to wear the stuff if da weather continues like dis 
@thefamexox ok, i am taking winnie the pooh plasters to norway with me, it will take us ages to get to the hostel on the 1st day 
wish it would stop rainin!  its been rainin alll day!!
wat a rainy day..... im so bored 
so hungry, serving sunday roasts all day doesn't help  waaa
@BenKasica absolutely, dude!  Especially when u didn't even overdue it the day before   keep playing that music tho &amp; no 1 will call u old
Is awake now, in for a shitty day 
@GemmaCampbell awwww  well it is sunday! its meant to be a lazy day lol. xx
having a lazy day...first in a long time...well lazy til I have to go to work tonight 
omg its such a horrible day and there is nothing to do!! 
cousins wedding tomorrow + last day in germany 
Lying on my bed thinking damn it's gunna be such a crapy day 
wat a day,wish i wuz cuddled up watchn movies wit ma boo 
had a great day sade jade didt win last night   ohhh welll she did great
Ive been walking around in heels all day. ouch.  banque over. back to dorms to pack. 
Hey everyone well  it is a beautiful day today no one to spend it with  but ima take another go at my magic bullet machine =D
working alllll day 
is a little upset... i dont know maybe its my emotions but im feeling really down 2day not like my regular cheerful self... i'll b ok. 
@darth_mall yeah, has gotten worse all day, now I think it's gout 
@taryn_jane she owned me  one day I will beat the master of wii tennis haha
Ugh, I had the longest day ever! I can't wait to go to school tomarrow to see my love&lt;3 I miss him 
Today was a pretty nice and chill day too bad i slept in till 2  my mama took tomorrow off work so im hanging out with her almost all day!
@SkylineMusicFan all french support for this day shame can't be here!! 
misses her friends!  miss da good ol day :'(
housewarmings are awesome! cleaning up the next day however...uncool 
No more eurovision every othert day.  it makes me kind of sad...
happy i got the day off tomorrow woot but lots of errands 
@Oliana_ o yes.... mondays.... completely not my favorite day 
the monitor lizard adventure seems to  have chewed thru most of my day. geez 
finally my last shopping day @ london.. coming bk tomorrow 
Another day of the same old shit  but badgers tonight should at least be fun
@Choppsicle accordin 2 bbc weather, its rainin there 3days this wk 
I'v cleaned out my wardrobe 2day, well thats depressed me anyhow, either it doesn't fit or its 2 big  I come down n the 2 males go up 
is not a happy chappy cos the love of her life may ave to go on exercise 2day which means i wont c him 4 a wk 
@TaLisaWuzHere dnt tell them that, im finna b famous one day!! smh at u not watchin out for me 
why is it everytime i tidy ma room it only lasts a day an then gettin messy again  i have doin choresss
@ddlovato idk if your going through the same thing but the day before my 13bday my friend told me that i changed and now i am lonely 
awake and ready for the day?? its friggen 730000 
@therealpnut hey i switched phones.  but hopefully i can get my bb activated  2day.
hates how dreams can leave you feeling like shit all day. 
If the power doesn't  stop going out this is really going to make for another crappy day 
feelin soo sick   not a gud start 2day . i wanted to but tickets for glastonbury but then found out they're all sold out ! ! scheisse !
ughh part 2 of a horrible day.. uncle lionel's funeral 
cannot  believe izzy and george  coded on the same day  so are they really dead or will we see them for season 6???????????
@ALOliver it's apparently its national i'm a prat day &amp; they've all decided to call in to my office to share their probs 
oooh what a day 
last day on the latin america trip  its always sad to leave this wonderful region..i hope to be back soon !!
u are happy in one moment and in the next u just fall apart! its a heavy day!  for alot of ppl
&quot;when the time is right - we can make super babies...&quot;   why don't i write shit like this?  tune of the day.
@_one_fine_day_ Sonst gar keine 
is not looking forward to a day waiting in hospital tommorrow  xx
I'm off to work  be sure to add pnollen aka flashunderwear to you tweet! have a good day gang!
@ChristieB13 yea no shit,  what a yucky nasty day 
brand new day in front of me ... short one cuz I gotta go to work at 4 
@jarred_ wish I could!! I'll be stuck at the barn all day tho 
Another boring day @ morse! 
@TheFatJew  can it only be done on sundays? i might be going to hell now though i do that every day 
hey ppl ak from school urgh wat a day 
Actually being in school as a senior on senior skip day sucks  fml
@suPEARLative5 yea, bad day. my utilities is due 
says Last library day of the year  What will I do with my Mondays.  http://plurk.com/p/ul7xi
@MandiiB mornin. For myself &amp; @KanYeezy tooth pain is the fare of the day 
Just dropped off lindsey at the airport.  sad day
@MrJfK word :/.... I didn't know I would have to take a new pic. I look like a wet poodle cuz it was raining that day 
plan of the day: dutch bros..shop..tan..cook &amp; clean 
@mishacollins stupid with my messages  anyways hope you have had a good day,take care  xx
manda is having the worst day ever 
jason mraz anoop and now an alex with him too? It's all about the love for a child... right?  sad stories all day...
my last day at college oh noooo emotional day 
got a day of spanish and re to day....... ow fun 
Getting ready for mi last day at school.  .. eva 
@richiedigs i havent seen you in like a day or two.. thats too long 
Up already on my day off lol gotta big spring clean to do today, joy!! Wish I was going to liverpool instead 
@giloi2009 yep :p I will try and have a good day but have a feeling it won't be 
things really suck atm. really bad day. 
eh the day must be over, i'm awake  think i should study. but sejarah? really?
@joolzgirl oh no!   I'm still working too,  playing catch up. I had tonnes of errands to run during the day so was away from the desk.
One day to the canal festival http://tinyurl.com/o349hv Just been let down by the photographer 
@drealoveslife ah sun, lucky you! looks like it's going to rain here  i'm sure you'll have a lovely day! yess msn tonight?!
that my last day of sch. last day of my high sch sch life 
cant be asked to clean my house 2day 
i really dont want to go in to. im gunna have to spend all day in the library 
last day of college  +  .....arhhh scary mary :S
arg, admin dull day today 
@RealLadyGaga hey again its me, you might cry when you get this present but i need to kno how you will get it on the day, pleassse reply 
Revising  what a way to spend a day of skool!
Having a bad day and  I've lost my lip balm! Today sucks 
hey all gota go wrk 2 day 
is bored cuz iv had the day off school  X
@FONEJACKER12009 just have a lazy day! i could quite happily lay in bed all day watching films, need to go to bank tho  .. oh dear
fml..just checked my email...no half day for me  too much to do
Didntt sleep to qood  ... late 2 skool now..ugh..bad day already
Laalallalalaalalla too early  gooood day so far (:
@GuySebastian  your day sucks!
@br3nn4... I get io early every day. What's that say about me?  
@rells02 bah humbug :p I gotta be in this place all day 
ugh there's a full day of school today. oh well.  at least i have campbell's class.  but no katie 
@james_lockey  that's my whole day.. Nuuu
I wish I didn't feel so much like shit. I don't have time to take another sick day. 
@kirstyFLO yeah cus we had an extra snow day haha... that sucks your in schoooo 
furstrating urc? i can tell u id fuck a phd for fun any day of the week, bet thats not on ur chart! i have strep 
@JonathanRKnight Did u get sad news?  I'm sorry. ur right though, we have 2 live for 2day &amp; tell those those we care that we love them.
my god my mac has been acting like windows all day 
Second drink of the day, too busy  http://twitpic.com/5ow3o
Oh my god.. One more day till the dreaded prom 
is uploading photos onto facebook from her last day of school!! Such a good day , but kinda sad 
not feeling my best today..feeling a liitle sick...upset bc i planned on hanging out all day enjoying my day off 
K me sad  u sick  want me to send u a nurse ... it'll take a day though,he has to fly from italia
probably gonna nap and cry for the majority of the day... 
 last day in turks and caicos... i will miss you 
Its a flippin gorgeous day... And i will spend it inside. 
@streeterstevens you broke the internet again?!..... i broke my iphone  what a sad, sad, day.
late to twitter this morning . ver sad day -must take fat kitty to vet, I think he's sick 
@AnastasiaLoxley I've vtoed waaaay 2 many times 2day!  oops! #votemcfly #votemcfly #votemcfly #votemcfly #votemcfly #votemcfly #votemcfly
ITs a gorgeous gorgeous day and i have to work 
i have to sleep now. gotta get up early tomorrow. . dang! its saturday! another busy day day. . 
taking a shower .. gma`s viewin 2day 
@iamDRiiCH So...r u havin a bad day 
It's starting to be a shitty day 
 missed the anarbor show because i forgot what day today was.. ughhh. sick, sleepless, phoneless, bff-less.. yep lifes just grand.
@feddie138proof dat be a nice day. I get off of wk the earliest 12, latest 3, I think @joey2be may be wkn at nite  shoutout to @chepanda
@dallascancer lol yea on his twiiter page he was tryin to cuss dudes out all day...i know he feels 
watchin some showws online! then bed!! long day at work tom 11-7  excited yet nervous to see someone special on thursday! eek :o
@ssnoddy me too! which is awesome because I was exhausted allllll day. 
remembering the last day of school 9th grade i got cookies,shirts, and a hot dog..sigh i miss those days now i only get tests..dont' cry 
@bowskii i know i asked @calihikidd where u was and he said u were sick  hope ur feeling better babes. we need to do a beach day soon!!!
cant inderstand why this happend to me.. and cant fix it hurt the one person i care for just hope we can work it out day by day 
@RiskyBusinessMB i'd be more excited if i wasn't going to be at disneyland all day, so i'll miss the chat 
@kathleenballos Its 4 a day camp! I kinda dn't wnt it snce I hve smmr schl nd its gttn hrdr w/mre wrk  ill hv 2 rush 2 class too
Cnt sleep feel like shit  and worried bout later on to day
http://twitpic.com/61fsa - me and settawut its his last day and he almost cried saying goodbye to me 
i miss hearing the word pussy a million times a day. where are you juan carlos?  
mornin all!looks an average day out there 2day  have a goodun,whatever ur up 2!
@evieruin yea, I agree.. sadly, we have to make things as clear as that to get a point across. sorry ur day was poo  tmrw is a fresh start
bedtime's near here..  need to sleep got to be up early for a brand new day. hello dreamworld! nite! zZzzzZZzzZZ
Not having a good day ya'll 
I liked being off the last 2 days so i think i will use a sick day tomorrow the only thing is how i have none  i guess thats y i play golf
@malthegal i want to!! But unfortunately im workin all day 
ima chill at the bar tonight.  i couldnt record all day 
That's total drain, they should be easy on u  it's ok, rest well @eva_not_ava: 12.5 hour day @ my internship.  i'm...so...tired...
another day spent in new orleans.       goin to bed soon.              ughhhhh 
gud morning! god today is gona be the most sadest day ever because one of my best friends is leaving!!! goodbyee  
@CarlitoStaxx hahaha there is only 1 and he working...otherwise I would call him. It's just been a long day but I may have to go out 
@gwen206 shoot I didn't take the day off... 
lmao dood steph last day of charmed skool tomorrow how fucken sad! 
exhausted all day.... but when it's bedtime i can't sleep... and it's too late to take tylenol pm... fml 
@selenagomez Actually, that sounded kinda stupid... I mean, I'm sorry that it's the last day 
Another crappy day  more to come... But I'm about to watch the-http://dragtotop.com/the_oprah_effect
@Myd nowher ma'm. stuck wth classes  and work - i get a 2 day break every 12 days - Am not heading anywhr before mid june 
what a long day..geez louise 
@Mennard time diff and i've just been wrapped up in day to day stuff so i havent been tweeting. talk soon,must sleep...up in 6hrs 
big day 2day the xt launch was amazing! so much free stuff thanx 2 the edge and telecom! found the phone i want...cnt afford it yet tho 
on my 42nd written fuck.. i get less ideas every day, and every day 
Theres a spider above my bed  calming my fears by listening to greeeeen day&lt;3
why do i have to wake up so early goddam?! 7.30 on my last day off  bummer
@jessereed did u watch the day the earth stood still? did u not see my bye when u got d/c...  im sad i left 2 and now ur gone  ily&lt;333
@whatthelillyyo we just missd each otha again! I was at disney all day YESTERday! 
just woke up day off and need to go in to work that sucks. Also have to go dentist for filling at 12 then st helens for mri scan at 2 
writing report cards  soooo tired but what an amazing day. check it out on fb soon!
@pinkbunny69 awww thts no good hun-i'm having the worst day as i'm sick as 
So slpy 2day  zzzz
@filanfurball sorry bout 2day  bloody typical,goin 4 a laydown now feel sick again,ooo this not nice x
@torilovesbradie last thursday or yesterday that sucks i missed it  was it at lunch time ox
cutting hair allll day  wish i was outside
is soo bored its lovley day outside but nuttin to do 
want to read twilight all day, not work at the stupid cher function 
@jenisus aww  I have to go to class on that day... So imma do some weird half day thing just cause I wanna see what it's about
@shtoofi well just remember that tmrw is another day and hopefully won't be as craptastic. sorry girrrrl 
At work  oh no it's the first day of monthly visitor ahhhhhh
didnt do my devos...  hopefully my day doesnt suck because of it.
going to eat with my aunt soooon, not getting ready just changing.   i hope today is a goood day  idk i miissss himm 
Last day for seniors bye bff 
chillin at home for the day yippee...wish @youngives was here to keep me company 
So I got the day off cuz I had hundreds of things to do....then I woke up with a f*ckin migrane...there goes my day in bed 
grr!  i hate being damn near forced to go places.  especially to sit on a bus for an entire day just to sit in a house in podunktown, va  
@divarina21 hello beautiful. how's mariahs baby? jackie still isn't talkin to me. i called her n left her a message the other day. 
@Nicsey wassup m8 ... bad day not good 
this day cant go by any slower 
@smartie999 That's me on a good day 
http://twitpic.com/670pn - she is so cute really i really want to meet her  wish one day
has has an ok day with jo. She bit me and now its bruised. 
@aldenpolicar good day sir. I'm hungry! 
grrrr, cant even enjoy this b-e-a-utiful day! have to finish that -damned essay for philosophy 
Sicky sicky  sucks on such a lovely day
@ThatKadyGirl every day of my life lately.    i feel ya girl &lt;3
@kiieeeee yaaay for u cleaning ur room. I said hi to u the other day &amp; u didnt write me back 
so, why the hell are we going to school for 2 hours next monday and tuesday...dumb snow days and thier lame rules...my mom making me go 
@jtsui i wish i could sat but thats a super busy day  sunday perhaps? playing football in dolores park too, youre welcome to come hang!
@whitney_g my day just hasnt been the same without ur running conversation all day 
good day in the sun... little bit burnt tho... well actualy quite alot  very sore  heh
@MarkBilly it is very unlucky  the day wasn't the same without you! i hope to see you on wednesday though, right? x
recovering from a hard day of homeschooling my dd, chemistry did NOT go well... 
I miss her alot and its only been one day 
oh dear! gareths b-day 2moro all my girlfriends are abroad  lucky niamh is coming home 2moro poor gareth has 2 listen 2 me talk all day 
@vickytcobra i'm sorry your day wasn't so good  does it make you feel better to know you're beating oprah on ms twitterworld?
big sis moved out 2day  its gna b weird without her! X
just goy back from a day of tests at the hospital. going to start chemo on monday 
uff lovelyy day today, today was last skul day , amusement* park , had a propper laugh . by class gunna miss ya 
is shattered and burnt red from lying in the sun all day  och, jobbies!
@wcrouse hahaha that was the worst day ever. But I still miss it 
hahaha itunes. weekend from school than last day. poo. ill miss my friends. 
sick.sad.emotional. this day's lame  c'mon lets go lakers!
i have reach the age were i can no longer drink regular milk, only lactaid from now on..  oh how i dreaded this day...curses!
@ems0985 im sorry you had a bad day 
chris up from the airport at 10am, haircut, exploring the city with chris. i just want to sleep in one day this weekend. 
i already miss my anderson ladies...sad day. 
@DarkGX mos def!!! i'm getting pumped more and more each day!!! wish this song was recorded 4 u 2 hear 
@Cheaty ummm...my whole day has been a cheat meal  #hotasspact2009
@misscalcul8 oh no! i wanted one originally, but i could never pay for it. maybe one day ... in my dreams? haha 
@PrincessPinkee yeah but i never was able to register as a grad so i wont be recognized  sad day! But I'm still going
@aufeaux OUCH! oh no, stop hurting yourself jim  i wanna ride something with you one day!
btw you watch eachother every day! mmhm i saw him graduate 2day! this sucks its summer im suppose to be happy n i could tell he was sad 2 
has to go to work, but half day so mite get to enjoy the sunshine later on when finish, shame my sunburn from last wkend started to peel 
@cramstankin oh that looks ace, but sadly I dont have the quals  One day soon though!
@lowkeyriez yes of course! i havent touched my comp all day. service was down  shoud b bacc 2morrow
@kenziepark because I had a shit day and I can't sleep 
my last day off, it rained, my next day of is monday and its supposed to rain. im not joking when i say it always rains on my days off 
what a sucky saturday, 2 lessons in one day  i need ma rest !
Unbelievably I have to go to work  And its a stupidly nice day... catch ya laters...
My last day in spain...and I'm feeling sick 
@omi5280 agreed  what are we on now? day 30?!
first chickening out of the day.  i'm not going to attempt to muck about with linux on the magh. resorting to the windows side.  
@priscx @miszsarahz uhh if it makes u girls feel any better, my bf works all over the day everyday in a week. so working or not, no diff 
@SandiMon too late I already am   .. *blergh* .. i'm dvd-ing and soup-ing tonight.  How's your day been?
Is loving the nice day but has nothing to do  if I go into mansfield I'll be going on my own boo.
Typical  another gorgeous day and I have to go to work again from 1-9  and tomo too ffs 
I am taking the day off from homework. I wish I could sleep in til 1 
it was a rainy day. uh. so love coldy nights. i just wish he was here right beside me, lying together.  i miss you baby!!! 
errr morning :s nice day  sun is shining i have the entire day and night off  woo, really bad tooth ache from brace  oh well tweet me!
wagamama's for lunch soon... mmmm. blah... bored. bad day today 
what a gorgous day it is! All thats missing is cold beer 
last full day in lincoln, packing and cleaning 
sad for lizzie's last day of work @ swoozies  but my one-day weekend starts at 6:30 woohoo!!
ahhh So early for goin to bed so late  getting ready then out for the day
crappy day 
a full day of work, shopping, and grad parties...but a good day nonetheless. i'm in the mood for a lil bball, too. ps: sorry nuggets 
yikes! there's surf and I have little league all day 
*no cardio 2day  just lifted..got the popeye arms right now..who wants to arm wrestle?! jk
@mumble_rosie I am  but I'll risk getting sacked for @ether_radio and her oral hygiene any day
On a serious note, da class/heat was 2 much 4 one girl 2day. She had a seizure @ end of class.. lyin on floor shaking till ambulance came 
Feels like i've wasted most of the day  #fb
last day at the sioux falls salon, i will miss my younkers family..  #fb
leaving the city...sad day  all good things must come to an end! couldn't have asked for more-even got to see wifey and hermanita! xoxo
wishes she didnt have to work all day  doesnt have a day off till monday  misses lee like crazy 
i hope that one day i would be able to sing &quot;i don't love you. like i do yesterday.&quot; sigh, when will that day come? 
why do i wake up at 7 oclock in vegas? also, details of the middle of my day are missing 
starting my 3rd movie for the day...very bored !! 
up takin care of business...OoOo yea I hate bills man!!!  on a goOd nOte its a beautiful day..
really wants to go back to bed but im not allowed i have to go shopping for kids b-day party 
boo! @selenagomez and @ddlovato are going to be in toronto the day that i graduate. so there isn't even a slight chance of seeing them 
figures... one day i don't have my camera and the lancaster flies right overhead slowly at ~200ft 
I think someone hacked into my account  oh well, it's a beautiful day!!!
.. WOW!! This is a sad, sad, day .. smh .. 
haha this has proven to be an interesting day. haa. not rlly.  grrrr
@deadgoodsounds I had to go back to work  but yeah, cracking day.
day 2 being b.berry-less. just as depressed. though i'm thankful for my brothers razor loan... i miss my bbm  !!! crapcrap! tn will be fun
ugh kyle is going to be asleep all day  i miss himmmmm
i swear to god i never do anything right. i feel like shit.  this is going to be another bad day i think. 
cute john left   sad day
ahhhhhh, bored. one more day till school  noooooo
Today is the day. I'm havin' really bad heartburn tho 
Heading off to wine tasting, last full day then we leave  cabo, LOL must have been one hell of a hit you took. thats high times there.
...Having a shitty day 
gooood day! bad hayfever though 
sooo sick  in bed all day and not seeing ryan 
A beautiful day but so much to do.  I wish I were evolved enought to say &quot;eff it&quot; and lay in the hammock all day with a good book.  
i hate it wen technology backfires on me!!! started as a gr8 day wid the gang getting back togther but now 
@flipperville no I'm afraid not  one day maybe *wishes* though I don't play it much tbh atm (insert more acronyms here)
@itmariahxoxo crazy had 2 wrk 2day they ask me 2 come in so I did 
 been working all day in morrisons fridges, not only did I miss the ace day I missedthe warmth 2! bowing my lyk it'll rain 2moz!!
Gradndfather just passed away.  Just remember this, every day; &quot;The love that you withhold, is the pain that you carry.&quot; So very true. #fb
has to go to the beach 2 days on the run 2 day with the gurls and 2morra with the fam !!!!! i always get sunburn  xox
oh my godddd what an awful day! 
2morrow starts the 3 weeks of hell where i have 10 exams and revision every day and night. god help me im gunna need it 
i think my mam hates me i have annoyed her all day about her getting me a new horse. i better stop annoyin hershe is about to ground me 
@Wilkesey awwwww man! I'm fully booked on mon!...that sounds bad, but yeah I've got plans  We WILL have a day of sun soon I hope!
just spent all day workin outside    now time to cool off
Working til 11 on this nice day 
Last day of holiday, eating worms on toast... I don't want to go home!  http://twitpic.com/6af4b
Getting ready to go gyming, i took a two day break, so i guess i can go today...omg this means pain... 
@chods70 you haven't said hi all day 
@marckent Yes, but it's hotter in here than it has been outside all day 
@justmean i been hungry.. havent eaten all day  
Guess ill go chill wit my bm....hates the fact that I'm only having and 1 day weekend  wrk tmrw unfortunately
no soccer again today  my day is planned! been wanting to do this for ages n i finally m.. having a lazy day in bed watching gos gal woop
i've had to deal with the wrath of @laurenlonghorn ALLLLLLLLL damn day. but this isn't a complaint because obv i love it/will miss it! 
I've been in pain all freakin' day long *ouchies* 
@nicole_b86 they really cant aha :^) a hoovered brushed &amp; tidyed the other day after u left aha 
I haven't gotten a txt all day 
All day hangover &amp; I feel like poo 
@akaJosielou sounds fun...i've been working all day  it sux ass!!!!!!!
press all day without alice 
been the most tiring day ever, and up to go to work again in like 6 hours.  just thinking about money&gt;drivingtest&gt;car&gt;flat...one day!
uggh, bad day  watching teevee
tummy ache  on the bright side .. got a tna bag .. and it's not part of my b-day gift .. got b-day money .. want to buy jonas tix with it!
@selenagomez ugh i hate going through a whole day without my bff 
long day. went to the mall wif @amystar630 and her sister. really tired  might go 2 the sears on bustleton tomorrow.
gunna be honest... been at a bachelorette party all day/night but i really miss @treyhardee  ..... good luck tom toot!
idk why people choose to have more than one kid. this experience is NOT fun. morning sickness my ass! it's all day sickness! 
@jordanknight  aww jordan it would make my day so much better if u just replied back and said hi or something.. having a bad day 
This has been such a bad night / day most of the balloons flew away my lil cuz got hit by a car n the dj never showed up 
@ellis2525 A sad day indeed 
@DealSeekingMom The site was down all day! No coupons!  I called and they said oops sorry. So no coupon and no new shorts. So sad.
@DollyDagg i'd love to but I'm tired and going the fuck home. It was a very tiring last day at md1 for me. 
@sarabeth035 oh no i was out all day and just saw this!  is it too late to send in my pics?
is it bad i just gave isaac a tsp of prune juice? he hasnt pooped all day! in like 24 hours. 
getting pissed how shit this day is 
ahh, another packed day of dancing 2moro. I'm tired enough as it is.oh well. I's gonna be the same just bout evry day this week. 
i didnt get enough dun 2day! 
its no fair the day i. hav to baby sit evryone iz having fun 
my second oldest had a hard day oh how she tests me n i fail 
cavaliers are done they had great season. superman saves the day dwight howard. 
@palmbeach561 cavaliers are done they had great season. superman saves the day dwight howard. 
another fucking boring day! 
@chellysaidwhat yeah, a day that should have been mine! 
@helothurbritney sorrry bout the slow reply. haa, and caus i was in the city all day. i totally couldve bumped into them 
Honesy bunches of oats with almods,than ZzZZZ. what a long,stupid ,non productice day lol. I just want my kisses  . Gnite twit fam!
i can't effin sleep....ive felt weird all day...whats wrong with me? 
has done nothing all day but facebook and msn, and maybe a little bit of maths. let's just rewind time and go back to yesterday! 
just got home from a long ass day that started @ 12noon...the boys had fun and thats all that matters..count down til they leave on fri 
I'm awake..but I can't get out of bed ...my eyes are so sore coz of my tiredness  and I have to revise all day :'(
Another day of housework  I defrosted the freezer yesterday - that's how I roll, pussies!
@donna12 it's gr8 only downside no footie  yes spending the day in the garden reading papers listening to i-pod sneaky beer or 2   u?
tired of running to the hosp 20 times a day! here i go once more 
@bobbinrob i was confused, lol one day you were there and the next you weren't, and then yes i got sad  but ur still everywhere else, yay
a gorgeous day in london is the perfect day for a indoor photoshoot 
today has been a shit filled day. i need to give sophie a hug 
@jtr226 hahahaha yeah but still this day and age wit technology we shouldnt have to deal with it!!! 
last day in paris, everybody. i can't believe that 
forgot about my english coursework &amp; my ipod is banjaxed; today is just not my day 
what a lovely day  http://twitpic.com/6bxg3  shame i am  inside 
my last day off: may 23.  my next day off: june 8. fml. 
OH: my last day off: may 23. my next day off: june 8. fml.  http://tinyurl.com/n5mfzy
Last day of vaca.. 
moving day!!! wont have internet for a while so sorry no updates 
Not going on the day trip cause the bb bro is in the hospital.  he has pneumonia
goood mornin. about to leave for the day. i cant wait till tuesday to get my new phone  ugh..killin me.
beautiful day to work 12 hours...not!!!   yey for magic winning last nite
@killshining belated response! We're leaving tomorrow  otherwise i would have suggested playing at disney for a day.
@que_day26 awww I want a maltipoo! I can't havem at my apt! 
@que_day26 I cant c I'm on my fone  how many puppies she have?
@applecored - oh why can I only give 3 props a day, no fair 
just got up about 2make breakfast! da manz just left but xpectin 2c him lata so we can take sum pics! its his last day here 
@que_day26 ahhh were missn it 
ugh..last day off  takin the pool back and gettin a slip n slide today
wants a beach day but feels like crap...again!! 
omg, kill me now- this is why I dont use macs... what a waste of my day. I hate my life right now 
@marginatasnaily been soaking up the rays good&amp;proper 2day!altho it was interrupted by family  tomo=uninterupted sunworshiping YAY  xx
i have lay in the sun allll day and probs haven't even changed colour in the slightest! 
World Domination shall have to wait for another day...found a tv for great price but they are out of stock. 
what a beautiful day in vegas. but i must leave.  goodbye vegas! i'll be back!
i'm done with scrubs, wanna watch the last 2 eps of twin peaks, but i don't think i can take 2 series finales in one day. 
*sigh* this is the last day i get to have my phone until friday after school 
@casssidyblog I remember   I hope your day goes well, we all love ya!
oooh its been a lovely sunny day... shame i have no one to go out and about with 
ok day was great till now...been a lovely sunny day but now its cold...and i feel ill 
working on this beautiful day. someone pls visit me 
@mandyva prob not too much time b4 show in va beach  we are working half day and then driving there and its bout 3 hrs away
@que_day26 aww i hope yall find skylar soon!!!!!! 
is back to the internets, painful sunburn is itchy  but had a good day ;)
stuck in the house all day with nothin to do 
caaaan't be bov to trawl through everyones updates. bad day. missing my man 
is not loving the new green day cd 
 well; u gunna have a gud day 2morrow. @priincesslondon muahh!
hanging out with sam and chris all day untill we have to take her to the airport at 5.  ill probably cry.
@IndiaCaitlin awww  we'll have a good day at school tomorrow (Y) laughs i hope  and dw, you'll do fine! ima do poo tbh :| havent revised
no mix for me 2day. gotta make hours @ work 
@que_day26 I want a pupppyy  I stay in miami! lol
@loveisonitsway we haven't spoken all day  well i suppose i've only been up 5 hours, but thats not the point..
sad day for rafael nadal who lost in the french open   but happy day for my brother whose premier team won the state cup!!!
@scottukTomorrow is supposed to be the warmest day according to my phones widget. It's been a gr8 weekend despite me working them 
Bad mornin. And this day keeps on sucking. 
@jonathanrknight wishing u a safe &amp; fun flight unlike urs frm the other day.. have a great tour.. bummed I am going 2 miss out this time 
hw alllll day  starting now.
watching bad tv and wishing that this day would somehow get better 
l.a. day with mommy&lt;3 who's leaving for portland tomorrow 
today is my last day with cable tv, the most faithful of lovers, my dearest companion 
My last day in va bveach 
ugh! tired! long day at wrk!! still here!! 
wheres the sun? another cloudy cali day 
homeworking alll day long  , but maybe uci baseball gamee tonightt !
allergies are making me drowsy as heck.  eyes keep watering. i feel like shiz. movie in bed day,perhaps? methinks so.
is sobbing. the way anthony gave detail on the day after johnathan died. . .  -ChristmasBells
Thanks for the lap top condolences at #twtrcon what a day!  @marie domingo @adventuregirl @benparr
on cam wiff nesriin  2day was fun but got sunburns 
@antdeshawn LoL... I've been good just workin... &amp; yea i got ripped(white ppls slang) last night... &amp; now i'm back 2 work 2day... 
@tahitiblondii lol ok. How come not the sleepover?  well just move it to another day then haha
2day was so nice.. its sucks dat i had to wrk tho 
yeah getting electricuted [if i spelled that right] was definitely not the highlight of my day 
lazy sunday!  Only four days left with my first graders 
good morning. wanna stay home  but can't. bloody american time  oh well, mondays my favourite day anyway 
urgh just been sick  saw that coming, havent been feeling well all day :/
@dj_lc  I bet! You'll get yours though on your day off!]
@3banana3 2morrow is tha first day of the last full week of school I'm kinda sad 
watching tv wth my mother, tomorrow is my LAST day of hs  but im so ready to graduate and for senior week!
@mmm_gash it was on boxing day as well, wasnt it? what a way to ruin christmas  
Today is such a lame day... I just took a nap hoping things will get better but my mum is still a bitch!!!! I have nothing to do today :/ 
@LanieFuller hugs, i'm having a shitty day too. i'm not going to write anymore 
Official first day of winter  ohh depressing...
gmornong world ! Something is inside my mouth but I can't remove it and I don't even now what is that , ehm, bad cond to start my day 
@stelee i wish  well least my schools being used as polling station on thurs and not in fri as its a training day yey!
@que_day26 ur in and out of this thing  lol
back  at  school...........mmmm english exam 2day 
@lizisgully i sign up for that shit almost every day my horoscope must suck i never get it 
just got back to hotel after summer nationals!!!! burnt and tired, but what a day!!didnt even get to see cory mac or wilkerson   
I hear robert pattinson is not going to be on red carpet 2day.  
I hope you're kidding... @marcmalkin I hear robert pattinson is not going to be on red carpet 2day. 
 last day of holidays...I wanna cry. http://tinyurl.com/q8428o
@tinamarie11 hahaha, i feel like that about 6 times a day. except mine is followed by more sober 
last day in bohol. heading back to manila tomorrow. *sigh* goodbye, sun and sea!  #fb
@danache I'm sorrrrrrrta @ home..  I'm super tired. I had 2 wrk 2day. I'm bout 2 pass out in a min. I heard the Q is ballz 2 ballz packdd!
@MrFresh0587 yeah i know. well...i'm going to bed. first day of my summer class tmrw. omg 4 hours for one class! 
Watching season finale of the hillsss  imma miss lauren and all her hairstyles that i always copy (..todays been a sad day.
awww ive gt such a sore throat. its 2 nice a day 2 waste on school  xox
oh gosh 5 hours sleep cause i couldnt sleep last night damn im going 2 b tired 2day at school 
probably sheds a tear every single day....smh 
@tedw4rd sorry about the rought day, buddy 
More ppl confirmed of cuming to the party! and last day of exams 2morrow but sadly last day of grade 5!   
@yellorose73 hope u have a good monday..might not see u 2day 
, hmm.. bad day, 
@makebelievetree I know! They had to come the same day as fotc  damn them.
@FlissTee tis a nice day in kent too, although that could change 
@soyflower I know... I just can't start the day properly if I don't have my costa 
@iMacstu oh dear  ....snow day!!!
@nicosiaoceania we only have 1 more day left. and she's 8000+ votes ahead of gio.  help me: #mcflyinmanila #mcflyinmanila #mcflyinmanila
@orbie23 I'm sorry hun  I hope your day gets better ((((((hugs)))))) xx
@RussellBfan90 im gona sunbathe alllllll day  i dont know how to do it hun, mysti had to talk me thru it step by step!  xxx
in college on a beautiful day like this :O:O !!! not amused one bit  xx
@EricaMonique876 this makes me sad all day  oh my cock!
i am going to have to revise today   it's crap cus it's such a nice day again!!
blah blah blah. college on such a nicee day 
last day before going back to work and still feeling pants  pure gutted man!!  xxx
gettin ready for skewlio damn i got finals 2day 
@CarlaMeow_xo haha i had a shit day 
@uhohmonbon fuck yeah i am! lol wouldnt miss it 4 the world! but offspring &amp; alkaline trio r playin here 2day and i dont think i can go 
@chrissiewunna  oh babe! you mustve had a long day 
1rst day of june  than y the fudge is it so cold
last day of colin's class  i'm going to miss this course.
@jy286 not yet, and yeah, today was my last day ever of francais  but i'll try to learn in my spare time or something, since i love it too
what a great day to be stuck in the birmingham goldfish bowl 
has a cold and feels rubbish  grr just want I need.  Another exciting day of revision!
Not really looking forward to another long ass day of chem... 
up at 430 to open the coffee bar  got told my septum looks good...? hah today is a studymyassoff day! ffuucckk
And the hits just keep on comming.... will the day ever go in my favour... 
had maths exam 2day....was ok.....not sure whether i've got an A though  x
this what i get for sleepn all day  its 8am n i gotta start doin hair in 4 hours. ima try n sleep now.
@katerands having blaise and meg round babe, all going to windsor next day so we've planned for them to stay over for a while  i'm sorry!
good morning twitterverse. hope u all have a good day. does anyone else hate mondays as much as i do?!?    blah   
is having a stressful day with olivia...nothing cheering her up...think it must be her teeth 
is having a wank day 
...cant drive away from my k and 2 graders first day at summer sch... 
Its too fucking early for this shit I'm telling you! I fear this will be a horrible day, hopefully not  wish me luck?
@shaki_sm no we are not getting a 5 day wage  and i'm sure you would not want to work with a bunch of hot sweaty welders?
deffo boooooooooooooooo 2day.... 
This day started bad, is still bad, and seems to be headed to an abyss.  #fb
Another day another dollar...oh wait, I still haven't found a job. 
eye doctor visit this saturday - working in front of a pc all day is blinding me 
1st day back to skl  Its very hot  even my thin tights feel unbearable
needs at least 3 consecuftive BUM day  http://plurk.com/p/xogl6
@Hakicoma citigroup delisted? never thought i would see the day 
@theDebbyRyan I love you. You're so sweet and pretty! Would you mind giving me a shoutout?  It would really make my day.
Today is a great day to take a nap, or curl up with a chick flick...but sadly, I have to work! 
@refuse2bdefined aww sucky  hope the day goes ok for you!!
what a crappy day for a bonfire. 
mike wz gona goout wid me &amp; kidz 2day he got up @2 &amp; his 'mate' cum round, fort most men wud want 2 spend day wid wife &amp; kidz, gess not 
tomorrow is tuesday. my worst day in every week. f**k tueasday. hate tueasday. if the class isnt in tueasday, im sure i like tueasday... 
its a lovely summer day and im stuck inside working  oh well, at least i got some early tanning in this morning.
its a lovely summer day and im stuck inside working  oh well at least i got some early tanning in this morning!
playdate today. (single mom til thurs evening  )
I had to fire the maintenance guy just now. I feel so bad but he's so lazy we had to...      my day is ruined. damn i feel horrible.. eh
bah, just noticed it's my long day 
Of course, I get one damn day off all week and the high's only gonna be like 65. 
my day was just ruined. Apparently @selenagomez and taylor lautner are dating 
I knew the cat puke wouldn't lie, day just went from bad to worse, sis was just admitted into hospital 
@que_day26 aww!  I will say a prayer that you find him!  
@que_day26 Danggggg, I hope he comes back 
Totally depressed , deffo not the best day  x
spending the day with daniel before he leaves for bootcamp tomnorrow 
omg i havent tweeted all day and i really missed it  I was craving it all day, i was thinking of different tweets so be prepared for loads
@erica0921 i'm mad i already looked up postage this morning &amp; it's like $25 to send to u 2nd day air   we'll figure out a way mama lol
@j311stp that just makes me sad that I missed out cuz we had to get up early the next day to volunteer  but cool for you cuz you're in it!
headn to gym. doin everything 2day... 
why is the weather so bad in california. AND on the first day in june ? 
back to the coal face... i guess a 4 day weekend, hanging out with dexter and dov and catching morbid angel was too good to last 
 i wish we could have spent the last full day of skool together..walking 2 class &amp; going 2 lunch with you would have made my entire yr ...
@goddessgreeneye he cant watch us all day ya think? i want to be naughty but i promised he doesnt like me 
@fountain1987 very sad will not be the same without you  please come back one day!! xx
Last day of vacation.  #fb
@jesirose I wish mine would be small. :-/ shes gunna end up kickin' Napoleons ass one day if she keeps growing. 
@frak not lazy bum....was working from home all day 
I have to wait a whole day to hear about god of war 3. I'm also working 
is going HOME!  whew...  long day 
@sissyross hey girl i cnt send txt or call out. sry! i wld have lvd to swim 2day. im working everyday this week! ugh 
I bought cherries that are rotten! fuck u safeway. in other news, this is the first day in about 5 mths that I haven't had coffee. 
Just want to stay in all day and keep hangin out with the boyfriend 
fuck  the syg tank I order is printed on a  wife beater  worst day ever
@lexilexann oh ahaha. It was pretty easy. But my hand hurts now and I'm dead tired  How was your day?
omg I left my puppet at home  sad day
mad i saw a white dude on the side of the street with a sigh that said   &quot; day work for day day?   &quot; http://plurk.com/p/xq3x6
 dizzy spins....i'm gonna lay here all day watching spongebob. i can't move...
@lilmamasofly90 noo u didn't now ima b  all day smh..
spent the day boating, didn catch anythin  ... still, fun trying!
@dressjunkie yup  sat out all day yest without a drop of suncream.shameful
@teriv no shit! I saw that venue opens for single day passes at 8 am!! I'm gonna have to get up early...bullshit! 
its a sad day for ps3 
hi everyone, another rainy day in toronto 
Just got out of bed now my day begins gotta get ready for class 
@sean_mackin should have just played nhl all day 
is still getting the odd cramp from sundays 70 mile cycle, much swearing involved 
@Natboogie loveu2! I'm not feeling well 2day.       sry I didn't respond right away!
omg, I was gone all day! I didn't get to tweet 
aw, man! i got sunburnt on my shoulders! im th only person in th world tht would get sunburnt on a cloudy day!   
heading to bed early, workout then 6 hours of class, then homework   same shit just a different day...goodnight all &lt;3
yay the 1st day of june! we didnt create new menu item 2day though 
coughing my lungs out all day - &quot;rescuing&quot; my dad - getting a bug bite on my temple ~ my day has gone so great and keeps getting better! 
sitting here bummed out because the charlotte nkotb show was cancelled....should be getting ready for a LONG day with the guys 
 are selena gomez &amp; taylor lautner going out, that just ruined my day
song of choice:since you've been gone-day26 thats how im feeling right now!!!!!!! 
@TheDannyNoriega I thought ur single was gunna b available 2day danny? 
ohh myy  the day is coming
@raiseyourglass yep love the rain! But it sucks when you have the day off and are stuck inside 
@Mirenny @JonathanRKnight I saw it...I have been away from twitter all day.  got on and it was the 1st thing i saw.  was confused.  
larry had a horrible day, and I made it worse  I suck
I dont think god likes me very much. This just has not been my day 
@snlildude87 like &quot;Never take a ride from strangers&quot; the funny thing is that I did that the first day I was in australia haha I was lost! 
loving her tym off skwl for the day... got work to catch up on tho  miss out on media all this week, thanx 2 foundation day long wkend
@bill_archie yes...even debz does have the same dilemma...actually i got disconnected 2x 2day bcoz it's lagging...geez...this aint good 
@yourgayimrona I miss you too   When's nanay's b-day?
again, picking another outfit, for another horrid day.   and for my speech...u know idk..idc anymore. i wish troy wasn't going for vp. ...
Starving....gosh i havent twitted all day!!! not really n  the mood....lot on the mind!  smh
@t_moemoe i really wanted to see that but it was totally sold out when i went the day aftr it came out 
@LemDunnigan lmaooo yea i kno its been missing all day 
@karinb_za too busy now  but I'll def watch it 2day. Couldn't convince dh to watch it  - did you get my sms re watching with sound?
shitty day, shitty night, shitty mood. 
so very cold. 2nd day of my on going headache. rip opa 
@christina604 I made the first one up. It's been a creative sorta day. I'm hungry again too. No one tells you abt the 24-7 detox hunger. 
@riceNsalad nope just found out I had a competition that day :/ and my friend is in kaba and I havent seen her perform with them yet! 
it was gud i had a half day ydai nw i have 2 face ma mates 
@ssoun126 I think it's stress and work on the phone all day. dont know how long i can stand this 
@schnabes It's a crier?! omg I didn't know  crap, I should probably go see this by myself during the day.
@KrazyIvan909 haha really? dang..ya you should go and just not tell him lol. i went into white lime the other day but no mini ivan  lol
Up....too early  best hav a productive day now...
i'm so tired and its only 9am but i'm reluctant to go back to bed cos its such a pretty day outsiiiiiide 
don't feel well at all. nope. barf. just want to sit in bed all day. 
@xbllygbsn big day ;) lol :$. ooo ;) dont think it showed up  lol :$
@NomadWanderer dude, dont say that  another rough day ha?
is booored. rainy day. i miss you B!  but yeah, ive already let go of you. phew!
Of course i pick the day to get 68 when its tuesday server maintenance.... ugh 
boring day, with out sophie, could the day get any worst 
I'm doin nothin all day 
Oh god sake shoppin 2day 
good morning all. another day thats going to be too hot for anything 
todays our last day with meggie  gotta make it fun
@karolw oh ok..  have a nice day :/ see u later
going to the dentist...then trying to relax...its my day off...i miss my ty guy...he's in iowa 
how does someone get really sick from one day to the next?? ugh swollen glands 
ah shit. bad day already. rest in peace mr hunt &lt;33 missing @melissamariec and wishing i could make her happier 
been working on my type project all day.. and im nowhere near finished 
@stavsxx oh, nice it's good! you are lucky, my b-day is on summer 
very good day an I must work ( 3-10 pm )  shit ...
I think my fisk Fiskulf might have become depressed, all he does is hang around on the bottom of the tank all day and barely eats! 
the albert heijn nearest to my house sucks!  almost all the good things were sold out.. is thuesday restock day? Maybe tomorrow is better!
2day i feel lik crap!! I dnnt want 2 go 2 skul!!! 
blah! first day of finals 
missin' you already and its only been a day. This is going to be tougher than i thought... 
another brilliant day day to bad about work  magners and the beach = yum yum
ok first day on this diet! guess ill hav fruit 
i'm not liking being stuck indorrs on a sunday day 
oh and I got up this morning.  and have the day off.  still sunburnt so nothing to do 
hates being sick.  ... but loves stereos, they made my day brighter! &lt;3
Wow...sinus day from hell 
@Omargunz yea me too. but it looks like the day is dragging 
This day is going by sooooo slow 
@darrenhayes aww i had not heard that rumour but its a shame   maybe one day :p
   F**kn day...
just got a detention  this day cant get any better
@hannmcfly thats why? thats why we have to sit  for 45mins, you are kidding, well my day is ruined  i thought we could at least revise
feels like shit...tempted to call it a day. 
wow the hardest day is over...english language and geog wooo now history 2moz  then english again on thursday urgh never ending
god i miss twitter during the day... the lil chats with @ernmander and @emmaewers ...  *sigh*
last whole day in vegas    i love so much...
@TimCooperUK hehe ;) there are too many horny kitties ;) how was your day? can you see my pic btw? it doesn't show up for me 
@kris89 eu ouvi sp all day. 
What a fukin day, Almost to hot to go outside, why don't i live near a beach anymore 
swot vac day 3=staying in pj's till its time to go waitress 
@abcdude you are a great tweeter! we heart @abcdude! sorry charlie hogged the anchor desk the other day! 
   Couldn't bless'd da mic w/ my bra's in music 2day @ERiceOnTheBeat @moneybagzfam1st @circustk
will be without my poor lucy for the whole day tmrw.    hopefully the mac genius' can fix her in store.
will be without my poor lucy for the whole day tmrw  hopefully the apple genius' can fix her in store.
helping out my bro's.. such a busy day 
I dropped my fone in a pool the other day, and it still hasnt recoverd 
i love onch but i aint talk to my true lovie all day. 
spa timez canceled.  it's hug your bff day everyone. &lt;3
just got done with my last day at the bees  ...at dill st. with kayla celebrating my last day in muncie!
this was such a slow sucky day  idk what the big problem was but it was one!!
@chanvin if I was in atl I so would! Sad day! 
I see me and her bien doctors together  Thatll be the day 
great great day! and then that twist at the end  oh gosh, tomorow will cheer me up
now not only is my sailor away for longer i cant see him until september. bad day  but i love him so much.
just had lunch. damn sleepy now. long day to go 
i don't get another day off til next tuesday. boo 
@CruciFire oh sad bro.. looks like everyone is having a bad day today.. even i was stuck at traffic for half an hour  #blackwednesday ? 
Looks like another gr8 day but I need to work 
ohhh what a day. sleepytime now. wishes my love were here to snuggle me to sleep 
wassup my twiggas... I know it's late but I havent twit'ed all day  wassup with yall?
@DebbieFletcher morningm mum debbie *-* have a nice day!go to sleep, to wake up in about 2 hours  bye.lovelove.xx
@t_ryan_arnold No joke. It could've been implemented due to lack of 2nd analog. Though, I'm a total sucker; I'll get it day one @ $250? 
When? I calld ur stanky behind back 2 c if u wantd 2 go with me 4 my b-day     
jeez. its a rainy day. cant go outside. just staring @ the window and thinking when will paramore tour here. 
the day is over...and sadly there is no new king of kong  today will be a dark night.. or um.. darker then usual
another day of feelin rotten 
Wish i wasnt so busy on my day off  oh well... long weekend coming up!
the day is almost here nd not quite done packin 
penultinate day in newcastle..ohhhhh 
@brybrywithay oh i did that the other day, and i went out wearing my labels  BUMTING !
@sylver not a good day for me  sorry. I was thinking more like tuesdays :/
@MzHenny dam... That crazy...I knew there had to be sumthing in that shit...to good to be true..how was ur big day??? 
only one zam the day...french listening, hope the examboard don't fuck up like they did with my german 
@LungiZuma my 1st day back too when my boss saw me he smiled so broadly &amp; said &quot;i am so happy u are back&quot; then he started debriefing.. 
another day fighting with hipe and my crappy programing skills 
having a shit-hole kind of day 
My question of the day wont fit on here. 
On d jeep. I feel weak 2day physically. I to0k d vit aftr my lunch but it just worsened 
i'm having an incredibly frustrating day! had a disagreement with the bank earlier and now stressing over wk. this sucks 
lost my voice on saturday and so i cant sing to my workers.. such a sad day 
@sonotthepoint what was so great about your day? I'm kinda jealous 
i had such a kak day ! Showee!!  @Kirhay
It's early and I'm already having a rough day....blah. 
so much crap to do... inside all day 
successful nga enlistment ko.i got all the classes i needed in just one day.i just didnt get what i wanted by the end of the day. 
@nickie72 one comment tho - only 4 per day?   Could have done with more 
last day of freedom before back to the grindstone 2moro 
Morning twitter. Today is day 9. There are 3 more days to go. I am so beat.  make sunday get here sooner please.
im soo bored...no one will come out and iys like a really sunny day!! 
Last day of la loteria 
is up n bout to start my day one more day left here at osu then hme for the summer  imma miss my tb n my jas boo n all my other friends
@evachristie i havnt seen u all frakin summer !! i mis u ! u mised such fun days at the beach its kinda nt as sunny out 2day  u sick ?
stuck at dentist's yesterday for 4 hrs, and the kindle battery was indeed dead  ...verrry long day
On the way to work unfortunately... This is gona be a long day 
waa. i'm so tired i can't even lift my legs. tomorrow is another day. more sufferings. 
2day is my day off (yay!) Just got home from the city with my sis and had no luck buying a dance outfit for the hangout this friday 
@moagisiletlhaku yip us walking peeps have to find one quickly coz the rain is coming pretty much every day now! 
workin' all day 
Hey hunny's , gutted i missed @rustyrockets last nyt  hope evry1s havin a nice day in the sunshine..xxx
sittin here at the doctors office damm it looks like imma be here all day aww poor me 
@QueenBxoxo ohhh lol ;) she died the other day  she was only 9 weeks old when she was on the titanic :$
@angie_012 lol because I was scared of thunders last night  lol jk I'm not sure its been 2 days already lol I kept waking up every hour
@otciii doing alright. just resting bc I am having a sick day.  2 days in a row. how about you? tell me something good. haha
headachy day!!  http://plurk.com/p/y66gp
my day is like looking for a needle in a haystack   sooo frustrating!!!
first day at alton towers, loveing it not that sunny tho  splash landings hotel is so much fun, getting tired now but it worth it x x
my vaca will soon be at its end!!noooo, summer school starts monday  sad day!!..
terrible day  winston is so so so sick... emotional wreck? absolutely.
@mileycyrus i wish you could come to boston nov. 9 cuz we have school off the next day!!! now i don't think i'll be able to go... 
 crap day tat will get craper
not it teh best form today, dont no why, just having a pissy day, i am all ways happy but to day ah not really   annoyed, bored, angry
I've had no dm's all day 
i hate thunder x 156873582395823678. ugh. whyyyyy. &amp; it keeps getting louder  ! its summer dammit. geez yesterday such a nice day!
@jodikicksass oh no, not a swimless day 
@redsecretagent It is a 2-ice coffee kinda day....So are you gonna swing mine by? I can't leave store. 
@EvilGayTwin  cool day off tommorow then #luckyou
this is lame. first day of summer and its raining. thats not a good way to start off.  oh well.
@30STMluva. I'm so depressed cuz today was the last day of school! This sucks soo much! 
@KARENSIPES cheesus... thats some news I dont wanna hear! we should stop reading till everythings cleared up... sad sad day 
is gonna spend his last day as a 25 year old doing laundry bec he ran out of socks to wear... 
picked up prom tux, gradnite tix, and yearbook. lakers won. good day, except for the news about david carradine 
@whiteystrife awhhh. poor b.k, well ifit makes you feel better i have had such a zzzz of a day. 
another day among french grammar.  it sucks. 
last final in say an hour yay, but i don't want to leave you  but is psyched cuz  keith urban and taylor swift r havin a concert 2day
omg itt's the  lastt day of middle school  i'm going to miss this place so muchh. --&gt;i will miss youu katrina(:
@lisabby yeah most likely.. I wanted a good first day 
at wrk right now. I have such a long day 
@flavianalin ainda nao  #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day
learned the whole day maths -.- i hate this shit 
Here at lunch watchin the craziness of our last day ever 
@rox74ever you ok? haven't tweeted all day and didn't text me last nite that you made it home ok. 
Oh god last day of skool imma cry so much!! 
tem poucas pessoas fazendo isso  #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day
Ahh so much on my mind...I can't cram it in all in one day  Finals sucks.
@thepetrified nah evaded the rain  but sure twas a dry day at the beach 
ugh crappy day, in a crappy mood and I haven't won any comps I've entered this week not even the lottery  ugh fuck where is my luck?!?
#seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day soniinho! need to sleep  but need to help with #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day
Home, in agony.  check my dailybooth it says whats happened in my day so far: http://dailybooth.com/poppygirlx/432336
NO WONDER my mom wanted me to get doughnuts! its national doughnut day!! dammit. i love doughnuts. 
NO WONDER my mom wanted me to get doughnuts! its national doughnut day!! dammit. i love doughnuts.  http://bit.ly/bovsNw
On my way to work...my lil 2 day vacation is over 
...meh day  
@daddylo this yr alone.  I eat one almost every day.  I hate walgreens for selling them 
@modestyiskey yeah... Its been a rough day without them. 
bad day, again  except for when the sexy janitor read my shirt 
vou ficar de mal do twitter  #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day
@xabbie93x abigail wooo anti bnp   i missed you  how was that school of ours? btw blaits not coming in on victorian day 
@enrapture_ darn it. i didn't think i was using it too much  only like 2x a day until i get to the dentist lol! thats fckddd.
last day of #JavaOneConf, can someone pls extend it 
@marginatasnaily in a little village in the sticks!!  theres 5 buses a day to colchester town! xx
@xvanessa88x did u hear the one i said was the song of the day? Its really sad tho 
omg so bored.....no1 is talking 2day  *sigh*
 can`t believe i missed out on a day of swimming at nikki`s!
Getting ready 4 the rush tommorrow it can b the last day i play @ the cooper city =&lt; 
#seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day 
I'm here thinkin about gettin a tatto for my B-day but i'm sceard 
@ashley_elayne lmao i know he kicked a gate and the rod of it went through his foot, now he's staying the night here and all day tomorrow 
feelin lonely 2day....  ....smh hopefully  its just the weather....
at school watchi9ng the freedom writers diary. thinking about the evnts during the day amd nursing my swollen foot. 
aaaaaawwwwwwww god can the day end already im so dyin to go home n sleep...never again will i break nite,,,brrr 
I can't subscribe too J14 in the uk       i wanted too get it 4 my friends b-day !
getting ready for the day while listening to mitchel's new cd! oregon is all dark and it's rainy.. i knew the fun sun wouldn't last 
a really boring day for meeee. 
I'm sittng here in a veryy boorrring meeting and I'm so ready 2 go  its 2 nice a day 2 b at wrk
its been raining allllll day, so cold and no fundays tonight 
stuck at the chiropractor for 5 hrs on my 1st day of summer  but then Menchies &lt;3
missin him    (6 days til my b-day)
@disneYdorK92 well, i've been spreading the word about kevin jonas day but there's just not enough of us. 
@kenetria awwww dam so i guess its nt a good day for that den huh? 
Ugh another rainy day  yawn yawn yawn
today is one fucking lame ass shitty day... from the windy weather to whack day at work... ugh 
@ThaBombShelter damn  .... today is not our day, kiddo  xoxo
One more thing to look over and my 4 day wknd begins!! I always leave work late when I have vacay  #fb
@maddy_stargirl dude, i so woodve squared with u 2day..    im also on my own 2day.. lol
mimimimi  #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day #seb-day
@DJMetiAlready yeah, I know - its terrible  I feel like I'm wasting a day cuz its so nice out
been in terrible pain all day... I see a dr visit in my future 
i can't bear to part with half the shit on my pc, even though the blue screens come up heaps in the past day 
had 2turn down a last min wedding, like it was 2day she needed a photog.  I just couldn't do it 2day    I hope she could get someone.
@skittlelipsmack haha me too! i might write 6T on the first day lol. me yanna and mela arent classmates. its so sad  yannna is bridget.
@flirtbuttons that is so sad eh... I blocked 2 of them about 10 min ago, not the first ones of the day 
it's all wrong  #seb-day
I'm tired and I've had a lame day and have no internet. 
@seanasbury what are you doing? Sounds like ur day is 
@day26keke http://twitpic.com/6psae - yeah, we got played 
i swear i can sleep forever. no kidding. not sleepe guh for no reason. took over my day! 
i dont know what to think anymore! lmao.... 2day was aight.. :/ It could have been better. 
@socalgirl922 I'm sorry you're having a poopy day.  
jsut got done hanging with cheyenne and ppl! first day of summr vaca.!  cried my eyes out earlierrr.
@buffywoo me neither. i carried it all around walmart the other day before logically deciding i still couldn't afford it. 
one day ima slaughter this pig 
@hanseebundee hi hansee. we just spents the day withs dad and we is super sad 
So today I had this crazy day of trying super-de-duper hard to get some sleep.... It really kinda sucked. And now my honey bunch is gone 
@yellowduckx lol, oh, I was practicing piano all day 
eating maccas again, im gunna be obese one day, aw i miss brekky club 
29 children killed by fire at a day care. How horrible!!!  http://tinyurl.com/ma6598
@litlestar23 we ate all shrooms.  I ate fairly good this wk so one day of asshole eating won't kill me. We should go back and get moar!
A crazy funeral(sp) day. So tired. 
well thank god this day is almost over. sucky part? no one is gonna pick me up to go to @DeGrizzlyBears house. fuck! life is grand. 
i wish @mileycyrus would wish me a happy birthday, it'd make my day better. but i know theres no chance in that 
rough day  goodnite america
hit my follow limit for tha day 
just gpt woken up by my dad  and i can't get back to sleep so i guess thats me up for the day ...
Morning tweeple. How is everyone on this not so fine day? 
@meghanledger told ya so. my day was mmkay. ugh.. none of the good movies are playing @ caprice or silver city!! 
@katellora I can't even get my usual sunday lazy day as I have to work it 
@DanggItsDevin im so jealous  ahar. how wahs yourr day.? (:
Morning all. What a crappy day 
had so wished 2 vist d oxford bookstore 2day...guests arrivin @ last min....hafta visit da grocery instead 
What a shitty day! I had gardening planned, I'll have to tackle my mountain of ironing instead 
Raining 2day! I guess thats r summer over 
what a shitty day! why is this always happening to me?? 
hmm what shall i do 2day ??? i think am going to be bored 
why does it always rain in manchester.?! Doesnt exactly motivate me for the day.! I wanted to go to the zoo 
@SarahSaner would love to.. i also trying to go!!! got a whole day of ironing calling  chat soon xx
@loisheilig oh no, that always starts the day off wrong getting a ticket. 
good morning, twitterville.....im up n ready to serve womp womp seven day work week sucks 
in my tub...omg it gr8...any who planning out my day the only nonrainy day for WEEKS! 
@laubow_  aw hugs  &lt;-- I have armour on though just incase I annoy you... :p hope your day gets better hun xx
A day of business revision  wont be online much
is on the 2nd train of the day, going to cambridge! and its packed with drunks! 
hmmm...........................so d**n hOt day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! my eyes hurts 
last day of shooting. oh god my stomach is aching 
what a drag i gotta go to a  wedding shower on such a nice day. So not looking forward to it 
Temperature here is going up day by day.. itz so damn hot outside..!! 
Wow im already awake and about to leave its way to early  its my day off and im up i aint likin this.
spending da whole day by my bestiie Maaraaa, &lt;3 i miss her since we go to diff schools now 
ugh ive been up forever bc i slept too much yesturday....gunna be a long fun day 
gives in revising king lear for the day; uh 
food poisoning is miserable, dude. and it's alex's last day in town for a week 
please don't make this pretty-awesome day going to really-bad day please  stop making me hate you
 every fucking day
@pretzelwife oh crap! you're gonna be gone alll day, then!  hmph. boring day is boring here..hubby is studying, rj is playing a vid game..
day is a bit of a blah dayfor me... it's the 2nd anniversary of my moms passing. 
@tommcfly i voted for you! but, you're bad tom! you never answer me! i'm sending messages every day! but is always the same thing! 
@tommcfly i voted for you! but, you're bad tom! you never answer me! i'm sending messages every day! but is always the same thing! 
@tommcfly i voted for you! but, you're bad tom! you never answer me! i'm sending messages every day! but is always the same thing! 
@tommcfly i voted for you! but, you're bad tom! you never answer me! i'm sending messages every day! but is always the same thing! 
@PurestLight yeah it's rained here all day on and off 
@tommcfly i voted for you! but, you're bad tom! you never answer me! i'm sending messages every day! but is always the same thing! 
down with stomach flu. grandma admitted at cgh. at i just got my menses. and the day get any worser? i miss you fattybombom 
rainy day  hmm what to do.
is not having a gud day anymore and its still raining 
dance recital alllll day 
I hope this illness thing is only a one day thing, I've got exams on mon and tues! I had to do mitigating circumstances last time 
I do this particular patient every day, &amp; it gets harder everytime, bcuz we always have a fun time &amp; I see her getting worst every day 
sooo tired, wish i could stay in bed all day long , but i am already late for lunch soooo i guess i should hurry . i miss my girls alot 
@rachel1975 So much disappointment so early in the day. 
kinda having a bad day  but, framing hanley makes it a little better!
@IrishLad585 haha! I usually have them back out the next day.. I don't have a blu-ray burner either 
Revision  borin! good day yesterday tho  haha over took mr wiliams on red light on my bike 
Is dropping off my bro to leave for new orleans. A simply joyious day! Just kidding. I'll miss him. 
very lazy day, got a craving for wagamamas and james won't take me 
@dannywood hey its tutu from atl, u guys are in my home state! be careful in camden tho  i'll be worried all day!
@keshandkitty HAHAHAHAH the last bit made my day lol ive had a shitty day  x
@leah_x3 are you having a bad day too!? 
huhu last day in here 
@TheR_TashaScott 2bad I won't b gettin pretty 2day. 
fml! worst day ever 
ugh at wrk urked i just a paper cut nd it runied my whole day  it still hurts! lol
Hooters seems 2 b canceled  dont know whats up for 2day
@Marcftsk its not a beautiful summer day hwre in the uk  just chilling watching tv with family
its a nice day outside, and larissa's gone  lol. oh well, shoe shopping tmmrw
tomora is goin 2 be borin  2day  has  been borin  wht can i du 
last day in como. too bad it was rainy 
Ugh, day after pt is the worst 
Shoppings done i have had such a shit day thanks to her seriously she told me i belong in abortion bin 
@CreoleInDC  next yr i'm gonna look as fly as u lady! this yr i was all tears, all day. 
this is a very boring saturday so far its been dead round here all day....  everybody chillin 2day i guess...smh
drag me to hell was a stupid movie. it's a nice day today. im gunna miss yasmeeeen 
@mnstrsnmnchkns me too...i wonder why the other guys havent had theirs??  hows your day been?? xx
change of plans: missing the kansas concert and not going out for gramma's b-day... my mom's not feeling great, went to the med center 
own  #seb-day
every day cause I wont be happy? cause I just cant handle the way that my &quot;friend&quot; was so selfish  this is a bad day ad the weather dosnt*
Too cold for a beach day   also I need to stop hearing from @questlove about his fucking concert that I can't go to.
@mrs_mcg no not yet.  I was thinking about it too ..I am all ready...the bomb protection arrived the other day tho. lol
Wishing I was on the island for ayas 2nd bday rather than at the hospital for the second day in a row  damn this finger!!!!
@Sion71 I'm ok - prob with veins is back so bedridden this evening again  boo - it's cos I was carrying/playing with nephew all day
@spunklvr im sad because we have no news....i spend the whole freaking afternoon doing laundry lol...a boring day for me 
@mostlovefreely ohhh  bank of america just took the 70 they gave back to me, so my finances r really messed up nd they closed for the day
epic day at the beach! sunny all day and now I'm burnt again ! woohoo I loved it (L)! so tired and sore head but  xxxx
@edgedood ah, well sorry u were having a tough day  and glad ur doing better!
The death of scott is only haulted by the idea of 5 o'clock. It better still come. I've been waiting all day for it 
just secured a day to sell me tv.  i hate being poor.  
@alextronic yeah I was really looking forward to #solstice2009 - was too sick that day  my colleagues enjoyed it though
@frenchiep help us with #seb-day? 
@masterluke103 strep throat  first day = super no bueno.
pretty bummed that i can't sleep in tmrw seen as it's my last day of non schoolness 
@mystique413 i heard that tooo rahh i hate to think there spliting i mean i no its gota happen one day but not just yet  x
.. ohwow whata nother awful day.  gaah
Another day in paradise!!! Looks like we are in 4 sum nasty weather 2nite!!!! 
Feeling like shit... haven't been able to eat anything all day 
sean told me its national slayer day, lol. still working untill 11 
@DiamondBlue wow!! babe sounds like a rough day!! 
went to the mall with leeza! so much fun. but aaron did kinna wreck my day  now i have to do some h.w...
@AppleGeeek Awwww, you just ruined my day.  lolz! Just kidding! 
arg can this day get any worse.. ? YES. because penguins are losing 
i guess, this day is the worst 7th of all  loovvee yaa, brotha! kiskis X)
missing charleston, hubby has duty day tomorrow, feelin kinda down 
one day left of vaca 
another shit day 
waited on charter all day to come and hook up my internet &amp; cable since 8:30 this morn, in the morn they said.. I hope so 
Bad hair day/nite 
i don't want him 2 move  but i had an amazing day with him, and im super nervous about the voive recital 2morrow 
My belly is YellinG at me! I didn't eat alllll day... 
is what a long freaking day. 
Today was actually a spring day! had fun but now im stuck in my thoughts gah!  @curlygurl576: your lovely vitamin water diem.t help lmfao?
@kr_sten No clue -- this is like the perfect end to a really bad day though. 
yikes, what a day! worked from 11 to 6 then came up and just fell asleep! finally woke up but i still feel tired 
not really looking forward to tomorrow. was promised a fun date day but im pretty sure its going to end up being a laundry and chore day 
@aakast i suck for not texting you.i felt like i would get in trouble hahah. and then i was projecting all day 
had a long day @ work... i think im catchin a cold tho 
i love u besties!!! @lisbetee ill call u 2morrow...if i have time i have to unpack all day and then im going bowling with taylor sorry 
another lovely day  been sun tannin again  just watched shameless amp; had a little cry  the view tomorro . . .woooo ! :-D
i had to stay in all day and it was sunny!!!  well the festival was fun though. guess what the theme was? &quot;return of the sun&quot;... haaa LOL
do soulmates really exist??  each day keeps provin differently. mayb some ppk r supposed to b alone
i have 2 study 2day shit 
up at 7am on a sunday. raining like crazy. thunder and lightening. best theme park day ever 
Today a down ass day! But my sushibear won't talk to me 
Wow, never realized how crappy my day really was until now. fml...I feel like shit 
OH: Wow, never realized how crappy my day really was until now. fml...I feel like shit  http://tinyurl.com/ryxqdp
sorry babe... long, busy, crazyyy and interestin day.. not in a good mood.. i will ttyt sorry jackpot 
@PrincessKaulitz i know...well it's day two of this for mich 
what the fuck is wrong with foxtel, its been down for almost a day 
@Sirikoon mmmm long grain! I have yet to go  one day I shall!
ok, so perhaps I won't be repotting my plants today  We will just have to have a lazy day inside instead 
last day in amsterdam 
@karmachord   Lets hope it gets better as the day goes on...
need to go, loads to do  hope you all have a lovely day xxx
yay i actually slept a bit last night  and am now sad cos its sunday and therfore hwk day, bring on history coursework 
2 day i started ma first day summer holidayz omg no more scl uhhhh relaxed but miss scl n riendz 
@musicjunkie11 @arinnaval I should really be trying to sleep lmao I got a busy day  lol  and mango?? ewww lol
dont think i really feel like goin out 2day dno jst have a day in ... an its rainin  ruff an i dont wanna get filthy again  lool
@alliterated attempting s4 right now. of those links i shows you the other day turns out only the second half of s3 works  this sucks.
awful night after wonderful day...grr...i hate it when that happens 
Last day in paragon and working same shift with pig!  and worm too. - http://tweet.sg
@kerrylouisexxx sucks ur in london, I need some company 2day  boooooo xxx
goood morning twitter! off to last day of regionals  wish me luck!
Such a bad day for takin photos ..this will be my last   http://twitpic.com/6tn2s
i am really having a horrible day.  but whatev.
So much for the sunny day I was counting on...  #fb
this has been such a crap day! 
A vital day of studying has completely come to a halt coz of the 2 temples blasting &quot;bana&quot; all day long 
@cat_elliott Totally wish i could come  I want 5 hot men singin to me on my b-day!
hmmm very boreed  nice day might go get a tan
@meranieann oh ok.  have a good day of worship!
Packing day sucks  
Last 2 weeks awsome had biggest blast met awsome&amp;cool ppl,life got 2 get bk to da norm  last day 4 a while but life will get more busy
On my way 2 wrk.  have a beautiful day every1!
@hunnydelight30 nooOoooooooo nd day 26 goin b there 
is gunna shower then do hw for the rest of the day 
rainy kot-day!  who wants to cheer anna up?
i just cant live without u.. i almost went mad cause i didnt hav u for almost a day  my 5800..
uggghhh just got up and damn this being my only day off so called i have tuns of crap to do not to mention spendn time with the chitlens 
Its a beautiful day. so of course im working til sundown 
really mad why does it have to be a crappy day i hate this 
@PlasticSpastic_ well i do try haha :-D did you no that swine flu is now in hereford :-o :-o :-o i found out the other day 
mmm good day yesterday, but i missed the roomie 
@AbbieFletcher_ sounds like a good day! .. erm revision  but going to watch drag me to hell later haha x
ready for the day yet tired as fuck 
I have to work on homework all day  that sucks......and it's so nice out too :/
@AshleyChaney was in orlando...but we leavin 2day 
already a crazy day @ the park.... ouch 
has one more day with kevy  #fb
my gosh, I am so damn sleepy  have to call this a day already...good night all! mwah!
been in germany for the day now, dont have to much internet access...its raining 
good morning tweets...hope all have a blessed day today if ur off to summer jam fill me in lata of course i have to work 
My last day in chicago! 
last day in washington state for a while ... I'm gonna miss this place and everyone in it 
Today roman laws and theory of laws ... nooo  i wanna cry , i want to listen music all day 
gd mrng.. it's suday? wow the wk wnt by fast.. have 2 wrk 2day  hopefully as smooth as yest.
I hate workin sundays! It feels like a waste of the day and its usually slow! 
day out shopping! shame i couldnt find nethin i needed  but at least i got a fathers day card, shame i still gotta get the presents. x
it's raining all the day  thats so sad
Enjoying the lst day of my VACATION 
sorry i haven't been tweeting. my internet has been dead all day 
so glad i didnt go pre-pharm. i know they're making a lot of money, but counting pills all day and dealing with crazy sick ppl all day 
been wating all day for the post 2 come so then mabe my sims 3 was there but then i remberd that it was sunday  :L
@sexy1ady @romylea I miss u guys!  what time r u gettin back 2day?
@CherylColeUK those words 'the break' have just put a dampener on my day! ha! 
It's better to tweet @ midnight when all my twitter friends tweet cuz they tweet on day and when it's day there, it's night here  too badd
@Franklero oh shit, what the problem is these people? day after day I feel more lost,omfg 
@BlazerPhoto sorry you have having a rough day, mine is going to be right with ya 
going hme now.. start getting ready 4 wrk  wish i could relax n chill all day.. not happening.. haha!
@lovexmonsters *clings* I just wanna lay in bed for the rest of the day but that is not an option. fml. 
I enjoy being so hopped up on cold meds that I forgot what day it was, and thus forgot to turn in my last paper for government. uugh, fml 
2day was fun... except my mom ruined it.... ughh she makes everything just wrst... i just wanna run away... 
Another crappy day outside 
I was planning on painting and now have to shift over to web dev for the day... bummer 
@zoomswhizzkid oh that's nice after a long hard day of revision 
ummmmm...i've done like nothing all day...what a waste 
cleaning and studying for math and french, then typing a paper. not my kinda day 
I can't find my softball mit  sad day
@i_DOMINATE my last day is june 16  how about you?
editing videos all day, fml 
went to the yankee game with kyle yesterday.. what a great day. i miss him bunches 
my day is like looking for a needle in a haystack  sooo frustrating!!!
@prissyharajuku yes hun im in 4 the day .. im takn summa classes online &amp; i have 2 test due 2day ..ugh  shoutout 2 all my college barbies!
@stforth is this one of those 3-day dissertations or something? btw, back on the 20th... gone for 3 wks.  you should call tim--he's bored!
long day &quot;// wish i was with my sister in fayetteville  going to grab something too eat !
@ShesElectric_ mixture of everything  so tired too! u hada good day? xx
crappy day 
@ambersquires call him 9496808819, i havn't talked to him all day lovey 
So much for painting I now have to shift over to web dev for the day... bummer 
I have a headache today. I don't know how i'm going to get through the day cuz its only going to get worse. 
@TheScriptFan anooo  y did they take it of utube that so ...... annoying  did u get sunday world 2day btw ? x
thinking about how its gana be a very long day 
@mumble_rosie It's not been counting my votes all day 
my dumb sinuses have been bothering me all day 
@mizzlalabaybii yea I passed out hella flyers too... Ughhhhhh I'm stuck in the house all day   
very mediocre day for the breester.    oh well...
@lizzie123x atleast its not the whole day of lessons 
ugh, what a poopy day. 
im exhausted! shittiest day ever dont ask going to bed and praying for a better day 2moro!! 
my graduation day was a blur.  i wanna watch the tape. i have never seen it.
buuuuuuuuuut missin talkin to ma bff  although since evening turned to day she's doin great
My b-day is tomorrow. I miss my dad soooo much   he passed away march 18th 
every damn day i look at the clock at 3:11 
ok, done for the day... 
@MiszJuicyBaybee chilin' tired and sick  i'ma be in the bed allll day, what u doin!
@PollyRodgers god! how many lessons do you have a day? haha im not  but not proper lessons yet! xx
@tommcfly awww dont say that tom ... u problably did a great show i wish u come to peru one day 
@BobbyJames11 and i suck cuz i go to bed so early now.  i miss you! some day soon we'll talk though!!
I've had an akward tummy-feeling all day..It feels like a constant hunger..but I know I'm not! What's going on??! 
@willettemonique  dont tell me u missed day 26  oh no and ugh rain
@callxmexsara the oldest. but idk for sure. it was a sad day when he left 
@bryankir lol yeah shame you only get 3 battles a day 
just got done with my gamee, relaxing and showering. babysitting all day tomorrow  textt meee
tv with the hubby doing bills. Such a lonely cloudy day! 
@surfindolphin7 ah yes, gin and tonic has a way of doing that...drink of champion days! shitty about the sucky day tho... 
will someone pls say anythin 2 me!?! its my b-day...  
I'm so hungry! All day. It's so bad.  my prom bod. 
@misscandis damn i wish i had ur brain for just one day n let motha fuccas have it 
@iAsaddah me eitherr twinn  but i've been sleep alllll day!
gah! can this day crawl any slower... 
Just got back from a fabulous day at the park with sammy slamma jamma, exhausted, but still have several hours of homework ahead of me 
@swishathomas monday thru fri I work at a lawfirm in the day time. After I work at beachberries and sundays too. I am a work o holic 
@officialnjonas http://twitpic.com/6uohm - seems like afun day wish to b miley  easy i know that u r just vfriends , of course nick i ...
@jordan1507 I'm all blipped out. You can only blip so many songs a day! 
@angskee well maybe it will be a few days late, probably didnt read it yet  anyway im glad u enjoyed ur special day &lt;3
Driving home fun day..sorta till i found out 
been feelin bad all day.. it came on fast.. ugh.. i hope it goes away and isn't anything serious  ... yikes
going out with the gals tonight... what a day i had 
oh no, slept all day 
@tommcfly morning tom!! going to school now  haha.... see you live on saturday  have a fun day! xX
Trying to figure out why my twitter application hasn't been giving me updates 2day?!hmmmmm, must not love me 2day 
had the worst day  im so sick of it all. when i finish skool that will b my time 2 shine...
@begobalbontin one day I will be the most happy boy in the world when I talk with my miley  haha nos vemos bego ego ! (K)
hate mondays  skool was shit, i was tired all day  cept for the morning cuz i was hypo then 
hope 'seizures' is better than 'generation why' - c'mon kisschasy. ps - thought i was having a bad day, then bad news made it even worse 
shitty day 
@the_apostate i think my day was mostly red, meanly grossly overbooked but hopefully my imagination, mondays are always hectic  xx
@andymooseman bugger, wrongly addressed this: boo  glad the day went off well though
eff slept the day away. I feel like I have glandular fever again 
@kiwilala EMMZZZZZZZZZZZZZ hey!!!! sucky about your day being bad! 
HOMEWORK on the first day.  That's very nice. :|
@YakuzaBento oh and guess what? my volume button fell of the other day. I'm volume control less 
crap i need 2 go 2 the dentist the day  hate going
@cameron_capture awwww. do you mean emily has gone back to melbourne forever? the day i am away i miss so much  i'm sorry love
@jrcourt nope, mine is a 5 day week still 
Up od early as usual tryna figure what I'm going to do with the day.... But it looks ugly out 
back from a tiring day out. this woman kept staring at me, like as if i knew her. um hello, no i don't! your just freakin' me out. 
@Lillyanfield haha iv got a lush day of doing nufffffffin, which is good cos im still hanging 
josh got his licence!!! also am v. sleepy... day was too long  http://tinyurl.com/nhwgus
What a shitty day, granda stil in hosp, 
@hangloose03 no. thurs is my lats day 
Tired-getting around for the day-and running a bit late  ugh-mondays........
What a lovely sunny day in london,shame I have to work 
in the word of the in-famous &quot;The bangles&quot; band, it's mondsy, i wish it was sunday cause that's my fun day, my i don't have to run day. 
@asrai99 :[ oh, no. i'm sorry dollface. hopefully it will get better as your day goes on?  &lt;3
up mad early on my day off, with nada to do 
says my last day as a bum.  http://plurk.com/p/112vt1
Looks like it's gonna be another horribly hot, humid day..... wrong day to have to take the bus. 
Last day of college wooo still exams tho 
@cc_starr wish I could play games all day 
damn ...not enuff time for breakfast 2day 
Shit day  x
suchh a shit day  , waiting on my laptop coming  ! its taking forever ! whats with this minging weather to ? so depressing
Just learning all day... and outside the sun ist shining  !!
next 3 days are gonna be fun...working each day  but then i get thursday and friday off which will be nice.
what a poopy day  ohhh well, ill be stuck at work anywayyyy
def have the flu...in june.  staying in bed all day 
@sallamandersam it stops being petty when you have to deal with crap every day.  It runs you down.  I'm sorry.  I would be mad too.
why cant i sleep in the day  its not like there is anything good on tv 
@dakotaafanning hey hey... that would be amazing to audition if u live in u.s,.. it sucks living in the uk      hope u have good day
workin a full day  how gross.
@allie_and I've got exactly the same problem!  Couldn't stop sneezing all day yesterday with the windows open... 
is getting anxious ... wtf ... missing my lil peanuts ... hoping they are having a nice day  
I've decided... I need to take some time for myself and only myself every day. And I'm going to spend it... working out.. but idk how to! 
@sophiemichell A nice bit of solar vitamin D is bloody good....shame it only ever lasts a day in manchester 
Another day at acc 
no history 2day no eyecandy  im sad that class is cancelled?
@katie_doyle bummer  where do you work? im good, just been in and out from the sun all day :p
STARVING!!! trying to have a healthy day just makes my tummy rumble 
i hate working on such a nice day  oh well, we'll probably go out to the beach!
not lookin 4ward 2 sports day on wednesday 
finally blogging again ... sorry for the 3 day hiatus!  muchos family drama 
i can't find any anywhere,my parents said they would pay for it as my b-day prezzie,and it just so happens that theres none left..grrr  
@riskybizness lol i tried to get ur style for my b day but she did it wrong  lol i had to take dat dowb wit da quickness!
monday, oh what a day 
2day ws fun cept4 the fact that som1 ditched us again for her 'frend' darkage &amp; i got water pourn over me hmm it ws sunny nd now its not 
damn it! Just put curry powder in my chilli by mistake.  have been looking forward to that all day, god knows what it will taste like now!
omg the last day of planning! and ms. skye isn't even here 
It's so gray outside... it's supposed to be summer!!!  It's the perfect day for a good house cleaning tho! lol That's what I'll be doing!
i've been in the house all day poorly  -hmm how boring.
due to my excitement... i realize thursday is the last day of school... fml  haha oh well still can't wait till its over &lt;3
hm day off... heading to my parents house to wash my amigo before i sell it  ::sigh::
not many days till last day of yr 6  gona miss all my boy buds especially elliot..plaanin 2 take em shoppin haha..be a laugh alrite eh!!!x
I want this crazy rain and shit to hit here. Any regular day in H-town. 
last day of school ending woooooot!!!!  still gotta go in for cams tho 
@courtneyD12 we have field day on wednesday!!! my team stinks though.... 
hey twizzles. not a good day 4me. feeling like crap...think im putting myself on bed rest 4the day  i feel like death right now. ugh!
@kr0y chiroptera runs his fingers in my absence  , that day he declared i ws preg, and a bot started following me !
i miss my daddy !!!! i love u loads! will meet u in heaven one day hopefully 
Moving day  Lots of stress, not enough time! Really gonna miss the city.
oh well..... It was a mistake to think that I could get out of the office at 4pm each day       It'll never happen.
@MilkyMill i lubya all lots, today was not a good day..hey milz..your shorter than me...knowing that i can smile.....ok smile gonne 
This whole rain every day thing is started to make me wicked depressed  #fb
Is really not enjoying smelling pig poo all day... 
@curiousillusion At least It's not been raining all day like all over the uk 
@bradradke i have to clean my room mom will not let me call right now and i got up a 3:20 im sorry  today has not been a good day...
last day of school was today! kinda sad.. last day as a sophmore  nevermind that, back to studying! learned 30/90 vocab words! woot!
@alyssaxbabee oh and in between the @taylorswift13 it plays @mitchelmusso or @ddlovato lol I haven't heard a @mileycyrus song all day 
feelinq unhappy &amp; unwanted :'( [&amp;+) itz a rainy day 
At the pool  had a bad day vry sad call if u can talk
@cheetah757 hey sis how are u..i texed u da other day to see how u were doing..no response back 
smh @ being too busy to pick up my loaner phone  first day free is wednesday like WTF?!?
omg. i cannot beleive the day i had. in such a bad mood 
long day god dammit exams coming up soon 
at the handa dealership using the computer... lol! today didnt feel like the last day of school. imma miss every! 
@Princess_FlyTy I hit chu da otha day n niggaz aint me bak  I feel a way
@KristenDory oh, so the rest adds up to 75 a day? hmm. well, maybe I have less than that to read, then. i'm struggling with the oresteia 
@RichAuraRay im gOod..fxckin messed up ma day 
well deserve day off 4 da nym after da horror weekend!!! 
@gus311 maybe 1 day I'll get lucky and make an appearance in the famous Guslifters vid 
@roulabug ohh love bug!. your the one leaving  when we going to celebrate your b-day before you leave?
i think i need 2 go 2 the doctor bout my bladder.  I been pissin alot 2 day damn i hate goin there my docotor is a fuckin rapieist
working supposed to have the day off but nope not until wednesday now 
The most sad thing in hols is to get up early in the morning when u dont really want to  ..........
officially having a crap day 
crappy day....  still burnt   ouch.ouch.ouch.ouch.
@livelovelie apparently my parents planned a freaking trip that day &gt;:\ I am so annoyed and sad and angry  &gt; &gt;:\ our plans are ruined 
wish i could remember my facebook password!! this is prolly the 4th time i've had to reset it!! sad day vry sad day 
sick as balls. just wanna be in bed all day 
No me pagaron por el memorial day 
@HollyHuddleston my teacha told me to shut up 2day  n then i got kickd out of some class with my friends cuz we were gunna wham 
@dre_n_va I can't have a good time @ the gym.... It's leg day 
oh  and i am like for sure not going to go sk8 day
Out of the 2k  oh well tommorow is a new day
so i wash with axe shower gel every fucking day. literally i use it every freaking day &amp; i dont have ladies jumping on me tryna do me 
Hasn't talked to his bestfriend all day 
@firesty last night i had a shit load of cookie dough. so today..i was on the toilet all day 
I'm so tired from the long day and not really in the mood to talk to anyone other than ben, but he works till 10 
@mannycarmichael twas a sad day for tv 
@sparklyfrog i soooo know how you feel. i had the same kinda day. 
oh god! another boring day for me.  http://plurk.com/p/117quj
#confessions i cried a lil 2 day 
@bd_24 dishwasher, dang u lucky i have to wash dishes twice a day, but had to do 4 loads of laundry 
Going tooo bed. @FlipperXTen yessums, day 9-ers. you never gave me mydaily inspiration.  o well maybe tomorow.
@chasecoy haha i was born the same day as aaron carter.  i was supposed to be born on the 13 too. I coulda been double blessed!
@officialTila nothings going anywhere for me  bad day
@dolceglamfabu defntly..shit has maxed miness..all 2gether horrible day 
 this day i'm tellin ya!
@terri5me2000 I'm glad to hear ur better! I've had a horrible day, that why I'm just on now 
omg. i just spent the whole day reading and doing this stupid packet. 
@rikkalaniz rikk!!!  havent talked to u in a couple of day...whats up with that. :-/
@TheDailySongGuy damn! see i knew I was bad luck...the first day im following you and you miss your daily song that day...  blame me
@GLAMified shit sucks man...all day 
I am have to stay awake all day so i will be awake to hang with alex. 
oh no!  I'm out of broccoli.... sad day 
Its too early to be awake, such a busy day tho i need to be 
up and getting ready or school. my god I hate assembly day  xxxx
Schools over for the day and one sleep till my birthday, im getting so old 
What a load of ole crock! Gna have a bad day I fear 
Looks like a sunny day ahead, however I will be suck in the office 
Morning world! A lovely day, shame im heading to the office 
been long day very tired &amp; tampa wont stop crying  he has gave me a headache please keep my aunt in prayer every1
@iamlottie i was on the fone wit @pmoney1 working out our pralums lol.. we hadnt spoken for one day it felt like 3 years 
feels like every meeting is a tutorial coz she leaves with more 'homework' for the day 
@storycorey No... sadly not, but I wish I could come... i'm even IN auckland... but busy that day 
last day in stockholm 
another day, no dollar involved tho 
aaah a new day, the sun is shining, but work beckons. tired is not the word atm! 
just outta hospital, see myself bac in there 2day tho 
@DesireeLai ih good. but still,i might have skool that day. 
cant believe i slept the whole day. cant explain why i felt sad when i woke up. is it just bcoz of the rain outside? 
Morning all, what another beautiful day! Not a morning to be stuck cleaning the oven, someones gotta do it tho 
officially.JONASDAY.!  my tummy hurts.  last day of school.! getting jb's album then sleepovaa. 
Is stuck at wrk, plus I'm wrking 2 nite  long day.....
@mr_davison aw babe - so frustrating  I hope the rest of your day works out better x
tweople! what's good? i'm up, a bit of a dull ache reverbin thru my brain, took 2 TylenolPM @ about 0430, was up 4 ages tho!  anotha day!
@emily_onofrio thank you! enjoy your last day of highschool 
@dashhy i knooow :/ i still have like four packets to turn in for her. I'm so screwed... imma call it a day already. 
has had 4 hours sleep and is having to work 7 hours today... not good! i jus wana snack on hob nobs all day but thts nt gna happen 
says what a day  i was drenched with sweat because it was so hot! http://plurk.com/p/11bh05
@ostemb0r will be all over then bro  shame was a pretty cool day out
@herrflik can't stay here all day,gotta sort doctors 
@cheapchris la bizatch finally announced the test. thursday is dooms day.  lol
cant be bothered. shitty morning. shitty day. grrr! need sleep 
@JanSimpson hold on, my forecast for the day has changed,my blog and my website are down  and I thought I was gonna have a perfect day 
has been plurking all day but didn't get any responses. How sad.  http://plurk.com/p/11c4wz
@tequilasam havn't been able to all day  and yes I came back
@astera would've loved 2 join, but I'll be locked away all day w/cg-institute ppl @ yearly &quot;klausur&quot; meeting.  might join l8 4 drinks tho?
last day in the libs 
pesto is beautiful. i was not tucked in  poor elle. i love you. have a nice day tomorrow. kiss for baby
Horrible day in newcastle it's warm but not sunny and starting to rain 
got my laptop bak , but now it keeps freezin so keep havin 2 re-boot it, think its had its day 
xbox lives down for a day 
xbox live down for the day 
Another FUBAR day in the cath lab. Just great. 
one of the elephant ears i potted it shooting up at a rate of 2&quot; per day! the other is nonexistent. i think i put it in upside down. 
Such a nice sunny day and I'm all distressed  guess what, I need cuddles!
@AndreMachler no andrew i cant on wednsaday my mother arrives that day ... 
@jemzly3rd really? hahaha, that makes my day. i still have them sadly, stupid fuckers said i needed 6 more months 
sad day. thinking of my gramma...wish i could be there with them 
another stupid mistake. cant focus then pay the price. sigh 5th day already she still angry with me 
A whole day without xbox live  
@aieshalovesu so I went to vickies 2day becuz the semi annual sale started  I'm jus being is honest
still hungry after eating a bagel  and yes i do eat a bagel almost every day lol
what a wonderful tuesday in ontario- how will you be spending the day?  unfortunately, I will be at the dentist   wish me luck!
I hate how everytime I go on vaca there's at least one day I don't feel good at all  I feel like poop
maybe it's not my day.oh well. 
@iscreamlouder yep, lookin at pc screen all day makes it worse!!!! 
great, doing overtime and there's no holiday on friday. even better  i don't know when i should do my application? 2day life sucks (((((
so i have 2 go 2 da dmv 2day!! sweet!! fuckin bored wish i waz still at skool 
@MissReasieBaby lol i kno i just wanna cry.. like really already nooo  god wokring sucks i need to marry rich so i can just shop all day!
Trying to get ova the skool day 
@carmalatte22 i will...even though imma miss everybody by a day or so  
ughh another gloomy day  .... driving michelle 2 work!
my last day with kenneth before he abandons me for europe 
Last day in ny 
@pocketstuffing yah you're probably the only one but you weren't there. all i heard that day was mandarin and korean songs 
i left my ipod at home today  the only cd i have is who are you now? looks like i'm listening to tprov all day. like that's something new
@JohnLloydTaylor hahah.  i preordered lines vines and trying times back in april, and it was supposed to b @ my house 2day...but it isnt. 
one more day of funtime in nashville tomarrow i leave to go back home 
Wish I could afford an iphone  I'll be one of the cool kids..... one day......
doin nothing today. just a boring, rainy day! not much to say right now 
has done fuck all all day 
havent tweeted in a while, stressful day once again, noone is one my side 
@f1_lou aw man, not another bad day?  whats wrong?
xbox live down all day.  I can't even watch trs off a thumb drive 
ooo last thing said was one day ago, im slipping up 
This time yesturdayy i was inches away from the jonas brothers   not a great day ...
Starving, ate nothing all day  waiting for my tea atm
ok i was whatching twilight and now i cant hear it this really sucks! the best movie day ever ruind 
going to the mall to get the dress for the wedding!!! oh and didnt go bowling yesterday  still had a great day though!
Having a crappy hair day 
@BOOMER1373 noooo not when u live here every day 
@ciararyandreams not much really you? summer sucks when it's rainy  but LVATT has brighted my day :L
having a shitty day 
Lovely day of shopping with the hubby!  So sad he has to go back to rainy new york!  
me too! @daeone #iremember the day 2pac died 
@leah_x3 that really sucks  sad day
@DannyTa omg ewwww you would do that... nasty!!! have a good day... soak up some sun for me, it's raining here 
home sweet homeeee!! wot a tiring day, i hate movin  but a wicked summer with the old gang 2 luk 4ward 2 =]
hmmmm...no more #anon for the day... 
@TheMattEvers How much would a lesson with you cost?.....It would be totally amazing....! ...I've had a bit of a rough day  xxxx
@saullawl looks like youre having a bad day? 
Question of the day #2soft voice) shawty where u at?? 
hope everyone out there in twitter land is arite!! this week isn't going to be a nice one for me as it's father's day on sunday  .......
Not only was twitter down, but github is extremely slow - and has been all day 
All day == communication FAIL 
@rbmartin how the new placement going? didn't get to ask how ur first day went yest 
omg,another hot day in hawaii  thank goodness i dont have practice!!
@HunEpie awww sas day  I miss you guys so much!
seriously though, my doc recommended 1800 cals a day and 1/2 hour exercise 3-5 days a week, so i halved the cals and tripled the exercise 
just got out of class alll day and now im off to a cpr class in a-town til 10 pm  llong ass day.
slept away the day...not feeling so hot.  damn cold
@sfox88 hahaha. major bummer. ps i like to tweet you all day long. miss you already 
picking elliot up. he goes away for 10days  kinda sad that this is the only day/time to hang
@bluestahli dammit... I need to find you on facebook.... totally missed your whelping day.  So you're like... what... 16 now?
@anelisxo your not the only one anelis  i slept all day . and my mom didnt cash her check-_- lmfao.
day 3 of feeling like crap 
Why oh why has twitter denied me access to my tweeps all day long? 
@djlimelightz nope  no cookies 2day
@hustlepearl i prayed 4 u yesterday. i saw your twitt 2day and was  what exactly is wrong mama?? you just feel yucky?
my ipod is dead. sad day. 
@JackAllTimeLow mine was more of a  face kinda day
today wasn't such a fail because i got to see a lot of new episodes on disney channel. still, it was a super lazy day!  i bet i got fat.
@jnovianty last day in nyc tmr. i vvvv sad. 
wow- what a day.. bittersweet; more bitter tho 
i miss rene.. damn! 4 fucking hours from mendez!! :,,( i cnt qo another day without him... i miqht just qo crzy and kill myself 
LOL I'm bored i'm so mad jonas day is almost over  oh wait ever day is jonas day for me!!!!! XD
going crazy. prod and illus day ... i hate wednesdays! 
Finally the end to a long ass day I'm headed to bed then up at 5am to be to work for 6 blah!  gnite everyone
I want this crap day to be over with! 
@bbhgeneral08 aww. i miss you too.  i was lookin at all them pics the other day of everyone.. 
is writing an essay ! laaameeeeeeo . not having a goood day 
@SteelyDaniel amen to the rip happy b-day 2 pac  what a loss!
@GeminiTwisted hahaha he is so sweet!! hope i can see J tinking! live one day! i miss him so much!! 
@Crystylepoppin lmao u silly my day was crappy it was pouring down raining  here in chicago!
@CGNEY y didn't u come across da street 2day 
nvm . it's the day of rehearsal , ahhhh  sucks .
sweet dreams! had a very long day, and i have an even longer weekend to look forward to! &lt;3 iphone 3gs in a few days! wish i had one 
Such a horrible day  aaargh
day off tomorrow!!!! idk if i'll have a car tho 
@msservalan thats why its the mighty hump day 
@smariee nooo you moved out! omg i leave to new york one day and all this chaos happens! you cant move i love looking at your room!!!  no!
@chelsea328. well my day is ruined 
Is going to bed at 2am after studying all day &gt;.&gt;  Another day of exams/labs tomorrow 
Goooodmorning!! What a crappy day 
@NickKramer yes, 2x post was the reason for the fuck. It ruined my day too 
@danielkuntfcuk  my hiptop has been broken all day too   Does ur have the g at the top ? mine doesnt. grr.
@vicstar1983 I'm ok ta, just on my way to work  hope you have a good day. xx
@she_shines92  I.....yeah. I cried the day we got back from the m &amp; g in michigan.... *pathetic*
yet another wet day in the west of scotland! i got drenched going 4 the train  last day of college tho wow woo!!! xxx
@choosespun haha, so badly i want to see her dress now! ...but i have a delay of half a day til nbc uploads it online.  #nocable #cheapo
i'm @ skool 7ada boring!!!!!  2morow is the last day!!! 
i need more followers  this is my second day here please help me to get more huhuhu yeah!!!!1
NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! http://i39.tinypic.com/2pyxteo.png SHIT! why is apple so stupid! I have to wait another day  !!!!!!!!!!!
has had a very unusual day  hope jess' mum is okay after the accident
it seems like #iphone3.0 has been pushed back a day: http://bit.ly/uKozD 
@teddyruks i know  it seems like my poor little day just disapears right before my lil' ol' eyes smh
having a bad day  ma is mad with me
@LauuLauu_x: oh  .. i won't read it .. i'm hoping that one day she will finish it and release it to everyone
http://www.okmagazine.com/pixandvids/gallery/14976 oh not fair!! ;-) hehe it'll probably kill me 1 day!! 
high pitch whine of my cpu all day - really should get a new one. Teaches me for overclocking it when I first got the system 
watching #masterchef, wedding special. realisation has hit that i don't get my own wedding cake on my special day. sigh 
eh :/ i dont feeel so good gay as fuck ending to my day i wish it would get better 
Morning all! What a helluva day. Anyone would think it's winter coming in. I miss the sun.  Now, where's ma coffee...
long day was long. tired desu 
@auntieflo dont want to chance it.. Ah thats tres sad. The day b4 u wer going! 
oh oh today is the day i hope i pass my exams , waiting .. till 4 o'clock 
@cloverdash  I'll send over my fixtures list day dream to you...though that wasn't much fun either, lol! But better than yours. &lt;3&lt;3
Last day in dublin 
p.s. Its not good when you have a busy day ahead and all you want to do is sleep becasue you have the flu coming on 
saying bye to re  workin all day then closing the restaurant...woof
last day before the movers come. chillin for a minute before i have to get back to packing. im growing out 3 wisdom teeth right now 
what a miserable day in glasgow  sunshine where are you?
@Finnimbrun awww    not gd. At least you've done your gd deed for the day 
havin a bad day nd being so bad mood dat i just .... sorry 
finished college for the day and its rainin and its supposed to be summer yeah right 
thinks nothing makes a day great luke waking up to find your new quad server doa. 
they call it hump day, idk y thou  lol beat
Nothing worse than bro g hung over on a hot day 
Going shopping 2day. Its raining tho 
@JohnathanMac yeah i kinda new, as tryed uploading a new site that i made other day, but wont let me 
@missteganjean no ac? That is going to be a long hot day. 
I might have to work another day on this movie... yooo I mean yes but no  I forgot what sleep feels like :-/
feelin ill was sent hme from skl 2day  doctors l8r 
Its my worst day cz tdi siang aq kna alergi 
@Whatalame4 omg thos is my third day one 
its already a crappy day, n it has barely started yet 
lazing all day tryin to take care of her effed up back muscles 
D-zam. I left my lil TV so I can't watch the parade &amp; rally.  but I shall carry on anyway &amp; have a 1derful day.
The coffee maker broke at the studio! This is like the saddest day ever..  fml http://tinyurl.com/nq6gcn
forgot my ipod and the mood is down - this is going to be a long day 
Another great day of algebra!! ohhh yay 
good morning, hope everyone is having a good day.  i just dropped SugarDaddy off at airport... he is headed to texas on business.  #fb
@kate_day hope the same  yesterday I stopped taking pictures becouse I was too much pi**ed off!
gettin stuff ready for another day of class 
@IOInteractive i'm missing my danish food cravings  i heard paella the other day. not so tempting. whens hot dog day?
missing my brother 2day it would be his 48thb-day luv u bro, miss u terribly  sad
@PsycheDiver morning dude...sounds like a major tech fail day for you 
my first half day --&gt;  , and the second half --&gt; 
I hate pooping in the morning cuz then i feel dirty for the rest of the day 
@michaelheredia nope. didnt charge it all night  hmmm it lasts just not when im playing games on it like alll day
crappy day 
My babys last day of 2nd gr! It just hit me when I watched her get out of my car 
played uno with my bro  -i kept on winning yesterday.... but not 2day.   playin again
off to the bank. then a fun full day with my mom  oh yay...
just took my math final. half day today! whoo. i miss chelsea 
is at the lib how could this day be any better 
@xxxg it's impossible  having 2 subjects in a day is insane... and i don't know why... it's not anything like jc or scgs... SUCKS! 
Whats up  my twiggaz!!! man 2day iz annoying so far because my allergies are kickin my ass rite now  but its all good i will make it!!
@thisisnottluv trying to stay in a good mood...i'm at a stupid meeting in stupid san marcos all day 
whew!BEAUTIFULday2day!ran out of alergy plz last nite--thot i could make it 2lunch2day n get sum~of course~went2walk this mornin'~mowing 
grrr, revised non stop all day 
Jbc &amp; beach with michael... Its his last day here 
@kingkandee What was 2day's one hit wonder??? I had a rough nite so i missed the show 
omg last day!!!! haha eww then summer skool  but sat.day disneyland!!!! its all good!!!!!
I doubt this day is going to be as fun as I expected it to be...  Why does this crap keep happening?
@siewchingchua got a long day of meetings tmmr  gotta settle all these now
@mitchie_pr not going 2 ue on jan and I'm just not in my best mood 2day  kinda sad day u know...
@MatildaGretchen yeah shes really excited. I'm gutted that i go to ibiza the day the baby is due 
@chippolot how bout it was a purrrrfect day.....thats all i got 
It's a poopy day 
@Nassira yep.yep. day job is kicking my butt at the moment. 
i wanna go to the pool  but the stupid insurance guy has to ruin my day.
omg last day 2 moz going 2 miss my buddys over the summer  
@nathenmcvittie  i'm sad i can't go to the show in pittsburgh this weekend. and you won't be at the pitt show w/ the cab!!!  sad day man
@4everBrandy  brandy will you ever write me back?.. just a hi would make my day.
its a working day   maybe I should join sugardaddy.com   as if  lmao
i'm cold, not a good wheather here  with silver clouds... that makes me want to be in my pjs all day
@TashMusic if i would be there i would order again, eat the tempura, pay for both and we would have a happy day with no  smilies! only ;)
@nicholaaaas yup, its a usual so i'm used 2 it, but the office got a funny scent that's makin me real sick 2day 
I've been unsuccessfully trying to update my iphone all day long.  I want to go see the hangover.
@GeorgioBaker oh my goodness, you are so lucky. I wish I could go to places..  oh well. One day
@donniewahlberg i could really use a twug now actually after a crap day 
oh... almost forgot #squarespace for the day. head still hurts. 
@ciarafegan they r amazing, i think new moon is my fav tho!! i just found out 2day i'll b out of a job on mon so i'll b in the same boat 
@evodonnell ooh yeah, nothing like class to wreck a fast-moving day  boo!
@mzpinkangel awwe when u off i work..  we need catch up day. what time is the hippie thing on friday?
i've been watching the tori and dean marathon alll day 
@tiffanivogue we guna find ur exception!!! aannnddd yayayayaya...its only like for a day rite??  wish it was longer..
awe poor jean is going through hell 2day 
I feel like I've not tweeted for so long, when in reality its been a day. I can't find my ipod 
@ddlavato i love in hartford demi, but i have a bio final the next day 
waiting for this long ass day to be over...off to tucci's for sean campbell's last day 
@twheresweevil i'll be in albany, but my mom is coming the next day and then i'm moving the following weekend. 
@skoopsl8 sorry day is not going so great  maybe 2morrow will be better!
shit, now a 2nd close friend has been sexually assaulted on the paris metro.... stay away from empty carriages, even in day time 
@July5th: highlight of my day- jalepeno potato chips. So as u can see, a dull dull day, lmao 
It has been an exhausting day. I wish I could make myself a freakin frappuccino but I haven't learned to do that yet 
@iamgeoffpope ur b-day is comin up buddy...and why aren't u following me?! 
gud / bad day??  Its goin gud cuz i have da day off...its not so gud cuz im not feeling gud...i think im getten sick..  
@Gofackadawg why did you block me? i was just so happy that you replied to me     it made my day!!!  cheers from alex
so no bowling and trav had a really bad day.  watchin a movie at his place..
Has to sit next to jess for the day 
where's @EaseDaMan? I was down all day, needed a damn pick me up and didn't see a tweet from that man 
It's a sad day - When the rootbeer runs out.  http://tumblr.com/xjp22qua7
My lil brother called me 2day 2 tell me he loves nd miss me  He calls me &quot;sister&quot;  I miss him....
headin down to arkansas tomorrow for father-day weekend; however, no iphone this trip down as previous thought 
oh sweet geezus!! i missed my dental appt today!!  that's what sucks about not knowing what day it is... lol
&amp;deeen went to tha dentist n found out ima get my wisdom teeth pulld out some day  grr
waitin for lesson to start.. A pretty borin day tdy.. 
@mikejayy my ipod gave me its last day 
today was not my day  .. time 2wine down w.a nice loong bubble bath/music/ &amp; a fone call 2my love
@cess_g23 thats just fine cuz i kept it lol the kittens left 2day 
@myeth.      My blackberry hates me!!! It shut off on me all day. 
Just had the most amazing massage mmm why did i pick a day i had to go back to work after 
@JoeGurrieri i'm with you, daddy.  monday is my next day off toooo 
totally waiting for my wesley to text me or call me ... i havent talked to him all day 
@kristin_alise ahh that's no good  sounds like my day yesterday
@RayleneOrnelas aww  i got him abunch of stuff the day before hah i spent like 40 on that boy hah
What a ridiculous time to be awake on ya day off 
I said fuck you. You're a horrible person  You're hurting me and hurting me every day and jfc. I hate it. 
@mdf6587 i miss you too lady. i was just about to ask if you could get to oly this wknd but then i remembered that its fathers day wknd. 
i honestly think its dont talk to shelby day 
I accidentally broke my vow 2 not kill any living creature the other day. I stepped on a snail  that was my 1st kill in 2 mnths.I feel bad
@Catalak in&amp;out is great...if u breaking ur diet for a day, get their 8x8 it's heavenly. man i miss nations too  they just got sonics here
@lisakimfleming good night lisa...may one day ill b ur homie again lol.. only time will tell on that.. 
had an ok day!!! no anton i miss him  
@jordanmarieh uuuh so saturday i have pepperdine graduation but after to celebrate your first day of freedom..pinkberry? then i leave 
 not a good day at uni...
wants to go his bros mabye this weekend     ........................ is bored noone home till late like any other day  lonely
@zomgwtfninja fail, I was going to go see it on the first day but we're at nats  Also aiyaa still not better?
grrr bad hayfever day already 
starting a new day. thursdays are boring like hell though  ... this is going to be a tough day #bored
what a shitty day. off to work in a minute 
internet died last night  careers today, im acc looking forward to itt, then a relaxed as fuckk day in the sun :]
yakooooza BOi!!!! going to gym in an hour. joe joe has moved out, im going to miss that girl 
buenos diass on my way to skool secnd to last day awhh 
grate day boo yeah myspace isnt working 
has a cold and hayfever! this sux! no singin 4 me for a few days then.  how is every1 2day? hope ur all havin a wonderful day. xx
g0odness me, i d0n't fEel s0oo well t0day.. kinda weak.. 
@mrskerv Yay congrats on your last day. And it's fking raining as usual so you can't even spend the rest of the day outside.  congrats!!
Another rainy day in chicago. I already miss the baby  hope she's feeling better.
Today is a hard day to leave my kids and go to work  #fb
todays not going to be a happy day........ saying goodbye to my best friend &amp; my gram 
OMg my brothers ipod just broke again......and myn is still not working and my itunes got wiped out!!!  not a good day...
What a shit day 
I am not German, but this is a sad day for our northern neighborsin German) http://2tu.us/hta 
@steamrunner  oh no sorry to hear that. I hope ur day gets better.
last day in cali 
no one will come to starbucks  *sigh* .. and seems i didnt look outta the window properly this morning... it IS raining! booo
oh man what a gloomy day out and nothing to do 
@aherne148 of course ;) short while at screen ok, all day I can't do 
Sitting and tweeting and waiting for 3rd cuppa joe as I look out and find that the sun is actually  not shining again 4 the umpteenth day 
god It's been rainging alllll day 
For some reason, i suddenly miss hannah  I hope we can meet up one day!
@FindFutsaLMsia gettin sick  hope ur havin a good day too!
my birthday on monday!!!!! cnt wait to get loads of money ,,, ive 2 exams on the same day    but atleast they are the last ones
i REALLY do not wanna go out in this rain. we are having such a wet summer  bout to go to school n then studying ALL day cuz test tomorrow
@DutchessMelG u have an even better day gorgeous! @anitaDRINKx hey jev... u alive? 
@billybofh Yes it is deffo a horrible nasty disgusting day 
ok....another busy day has begun 
enjoyin ma last day off 
taking lyric to the dr....no off day for me 
@soprettyent miami was wonderful..... sans the sunburn on my back  how r u 2day?
Its so nice out and of course I have to work allll day 
I feel bad for the mail woman walking around in the rain.  me and percy are couch potatoing it 2day 
Last day of vaca. 
blahh. just another boring day. michelle, how was the party? 
Its such an ugly day!!! I like rain but, not like this bcuz I gotta go to hallmark &amp; buy stuff 
rainin on my day off 
@lesanto i miss london lots  hope your having an nice day tho!
@Mattdavelewis did you see the usa vs brazil game? what a sad day to be american... 
Longgg ass day alreadyyy smhh!!! Cityy movements 
fixin to go to wal-mart with sheeby... then what? well i simply don't know on a day as shitty as this 
oh nooo  bad day.
oh california, i wish i didn't have an interview on the day I was supposed to leave. 
day - becca + 500 macbooks = 
@meredithfenwick yours actually left for a day?  I could go swimmin' in my yard and ummmmm, we dont own a pool.  
The ONE day I don't bring my camera  hang tough, blackberry.
I knew the old skool joint of the day and couldn't get through 
Sweating to death, and still without power.... All in all a crappy day! 
I just cut my tongue on an animal cracker.  I need some asistance with getting through this day.
neglecting my twittering at the minute, problem with a well structured day lol. was gona watch US open but its raining lol 
tryna get better b4 my birthday. wish something hot would happen on my day, sucks that its on a monday  but ill try to keep a smile :/
On the seniors last day i said to ryan franklin that i was never going to see him again, bc he wouldnt come back and visit. I was right. 
How's everyones day? I wish I was home in bed on this shitty ass day  bahhhumbug.
gah first half of the day flew by and now the second half is dragging  it always ends up this way,
cant the ain go away, just for a day or two.  i want summer fun   
im sitting in tears, whilst your in heaven looking down on me 24.7. pap i miss you!! been thinking about you all day!  I LOVE YOU.
i cant belive wot kind off a day its been 4  me 
@KKErwin lady!! i just realized that sunday is father's day!! we might not due anything in particular but that might pose a bit of a prob 
bored now that the us open golf has been suspended for the day  saddo or wot? think i'll read instead. yes, i'm a boring sod!!!
day 2 with ipod and already has scratches 
What a beautiful day...to go to work..blah 
@19fischi75 seems like u had a terrible day sweetie 
what a beautiful day here in michigan.....wish i could c my special someone   
literally spent the day dealing with this accident  - getting rear ended on santa monica yesterday has been a huge pain in my a**   heh
has had quite a crappy day 
i have a massive crick in my neck thats been there since i woke up, i haven't been able to turn right all day! ouchh 
last day in seattle 
boooo! - its my last day of college tomorrow!  not forever just this course. i do not wanna leave! i love... http://tumblr.com/xby2329mf
#inaperfectworld my iphone wouldnt freeze up 100 times a day 
This has been a hot and disappointing day fuck man, now my amigo doesn't want to work out.  I hate life
@keithjury we better 'talk' every day. lol. aw im so missing you..  see u in an hour to fully say goodbye :'(
last day of skool tomoro. @xosmjerseygrlxo prayin that ur week gets better 
I wish @UnicornWatch would get back to watching the unicorns. I'd luv 2 watch unicorns all day but I gotta work so I need a daily digest. 
@ems11 i'm having such a bad day 
had a great day with the bf. lunch. shopping at camarillo. then wanted to watch hangover afterwards, but he had to go back to work  sucks.
Off 2 a gr8t start 2day, got busted by a freakin speed camera.  
@kirsty1181 hmmmm poor show lol... it's my early day tomorrow seein as its friday lol.  Last break 4-4.15 
happpy feet is the cutest movie, leaving a fun day with katy and shelbs  joeeeeys house!
@sinkbreaker nonono eww. you dont want to have to drive and pay for parking every day 
@dailybooth gutted i cant make london!  go to rome on that day!
if this is true, saaad day.   http://bit.ly/k13va
You made my day feel so bad! Bad!   huh!
had a crappy day 
it's daddy's bday 2day!!!my tummy hurts 
Listening to Alyssas going away cd- she's gone to germany 'til independance day. 
@kittenspawn I wish i could  that day kinda sucked for me
@ikle_pattikins @warningmark omg I bet the price will be up to like $70+ idk  I hope not or I might bid on the last day
tomorow is the last day of school... ima miiss mah friends 
talking to justina, taylor, &amp; trying to get ahold of sammy, but no luck  had a great day. how was you guys' days?
my day sucked ass 
last day at mars and tj was mad 
I guess i should get ready for bed. Last day with my class before my new summer kids!  kinda sad. Thats teaching tho 
@jen0077 I wondered why we didn't talk! sorry about your long day love 
leaving fort myers at 5.30. it will be a sad, bittersweet day 
just started following @ginuwine09 my first celeb crush from back in the day, til sole snatched him away  I hope this new album is good!
no longer in millie  i forgot about nicole's wedding.  oh well... i had a part in a musical for a day...
@cpletch09 can i have some! i leave in like a day for colorado. i will miss you dearly. idk how u going to college and me here will work 
11 day of june left. And 8 days &amp; bye bye kimball n montrose  ...ehh hello elm n skookie blvd -_- ... Now that a bitch. Gnite
@iam_alex ~ happy not b'day ~ didnt want to spoil your day; now i tell you: really you are in the second day of your age year  ~ bummer.
roche 10-3 then last day at base 3-6. dont know how i feel about it ending. ill kinda miss those rugrats 
last day ko ng mobwars insider  huhuhu
the mac is back! no yelling necessary  there goes my fun for the day.
Staying at good all day sucks. 
@briiiiipolden wooo glad you liked it haha, I could praise em all day but I'm word count limited haha 
shit ass day today 
@peterfacinelli I'm sorry you had such a crappy day! 
kids shows arnt as awesome as they were back in the day 
@djblacknmild still partying huh lol must be nice, i didnt even get to celebrate my last b-day 
@thecashman ah nice one. I was meant to go down just socially but have fan day on sunday so have to stay here 
oook so it might be a few days before i play on my xbox cuz I guess I broke my controller when I dropped it the other day...now im sad 
@angelica_baybee that I was having a bad day but he was being a jerk! 
doesnt feel gud, may not work 2day 
fight. cry. make up. fight. cry. make up. every single day.  maybe my bf doesn't realize how much I love him... goodnight twitter.
last day in bangkok  ... i have gay ass english assignment to do
@DeLanaHarvick oh no  I hope you get some sleep. I'm bad about staying up late especially when I don't have to work the next day(like now)
friday's worst day of the week.. no creativity anmore  *traipses to kitchen for getting saved by cpt. coffee!!*
@papercatss cuz i was with 6 people who have it all day on sunday. and more are being tested now  im quarantined in my own house 
ha!! Wndr wen wd it rain here?? Smply yrng 4 rainy mnsoon days!! Ts agn a clr day 2de 
@burnsrodney goodnight unk!!! I c u ain't speak 2 me 2day I'm sad 
I'm stressed out  I'm breaking outt ... this sucks... always breakout when somethings important the next day!
i really hate guys atm , i feel so used and upset and its meant to be the happiest day of the year lmao !!!!  oh well
mornin everybody, got up early cos i couldn't sleep.. I'm smothered wit a cold  not nice, today is a special day so is tommorro...
this gurl named stefie hasnt texted me all day i thought she was dead 
http://twitpic.com/7sajx - awwww i lovee dis boi  taken last day of skool  was a sad day
@josephvelasquez no bbm all day.. And you love the val?? So sad  I feel left out!
http://twitpic.com/7saso - the last day as high schoolers   we  all sang hsm songs that day  i remember that night the msn convo we al ...
that happend to me the other day it was bout me and it never changed  i hated the person who said it but it was a joke so yeah but its gay
Morning...what a gorgeous day! ... shame il be watching it from inside...  xxxx
grate working tomozo 11:00-8:30  wooo not  pizza all day
It's friday ... finally ... and yes, it's another stressful day  But you know what? Only a few days and this job is history ... woohoooo!
superduper sad that this very exciting/interesting 10-day break is soon comin' to an end!  &amp; i've still yet to see a bunch of ppl! boo! :/
new iphone day! if my dad manages to get one, i get his old one but methinks they will all be sold out! 
@hazeltyy omg i cant believe poh's gone too  i supported her from day 1! still cant accept it  it was such a stupid elimination!!!
Last 1\2 a day...see ya holicong 
The last day of college is happening right now, sad day indeed, on the other hand im getting drunk today, but am guna miss some peeps 
morning thank god for waking mi up  2 see another beautiful day bout to call mi mumma miss her 
@juderivera yup.. i hear you.. i hate it myself .. frizzy hair all day 
last day with my little girls  maybe i'll try to take pictures. Lol and i get to hear the story sarah wrote about me. So adorable &lt;3
being poorly  iv stil got 2 do housework and its nice and sunny  sucky day
http://yfrog.com/05a6jj rainy day 
@tayallday i wish! we have to play some fest in belgium that day 
is having a really really down day and cant stop crying 
Is wondering what to do with her day  hmmmm
@banquier yes, just ignore me. I was having an almost binge episode  but I'm ok now! Fresh day, outta my head.
sitting in his bed by myself mad i picked the day it thunders to be last to leave.  i got all the lights on lmao
workin again 2day  i hate it x
@bitchinmona yeah, we are on day 2 of 5 of nonstop rain 
gotta make the most of my last full day in ktown 
where is da sun 2day  cant wait 2 go 2 italy with me baby ;) happy happy days again ;) xxx
haaaate going to work on a con day. i'm here super early too. 
Finding myself working again on what is supposed to be my day off.  #fb
wht with the weather the day !!! one min its sunny n nxt its dull n dark :O  !!!! x.x.x.
so 2day is also very busy, dancing display 2nite, i duno wat to do with my hair 
Ugh having insomnia sucks big time :/ im always asleep during the day which i do not like 
@gandmetz @karinaemma cant believe i only have a day left with you guys  x
mid-day sleeping sucks but you gotta do it if you dont sleep at night! &amp; out of painkillers and anti-rheumatic creme 
last day of bball camp  but then another one in july! 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/7kf4b - I wanted to get it that day but the shop person said that they havent ordered it yet  im wai ...
been slogging thru orders e entire day. stealing a breather on mrt. it's back to work after tis. 
3rd day in a row ive forgot my patch 
Last day of vbs. 
@LaurenConrad i love the hills ! i wish i could star in it one day  xxx
@leebaillie yummmm! i would have to say no re: the 5 a day, sorry dood. i was hoping the new aussiebum was pants 
What a crap day 
oh a long day it will be 
@Maylaffayza great.. super busy! no day off for me  hope you enjoy yours 
wrk is 2 busy 2day 
@youhadmeathello yeah it's frm sumat I only I could remember haha oh such a weird day slow weather can't decide how to be and empty city 
off on my cake finding adventure! why is it pouring on amanda's grad party day?  
@Popfry earl gray ftw or so it was till I got allergic  I drink one every now an then doesn't affect me but can't drink day after day :|
tryin to log onto mediatakeout... ~sigh~ no gossip 2day i guess 
having a really crap day 
@MsBossyBeauty  ohhh ok.. anyway its friday.. i hope u find me 2day..
getting extra cute for david. Last day with him 
i can't stand this weather, it's almost the 4th of july and their hasnt been one hot day since i got back from vaca  fucking new england
@PinkTrees: dead flowers after only one day?! oh thats not very fair 
http://twitpic.com/7t2fw - Last day of vacation 
is having a really good day so far.. but ready to see wes.. 
blah...not going to be a good day. 
Ughhhhh 2day I really don't feel like hitting the gym but I gotta do it 
i think I passed my math final. I think I did. I hope. :\ btw today was the last day I see my bff!  i miss her already so hard 2 say bye
Horrible fucking day 
Having a poo day 
the weather is finally nice and im stuck fathers day shopping and at  dress rehearsal. fml.. i wish i was at the beach 
@sporkhead i still think little kings is rubbish tho. 3 hours total play time ive clocked up from day 1 so far 
@amarilys17 omg!!!! que horror...and sunday is going to be the worst day 
@shirlise follow friday? lol i'm still none the wiser i'm having an iq challenging day 2day.  
boring enough day  i hate days like this! dont know whether to get an early night or watch some films!
boring enough day  i hate days like this! dont know whether to get an early night or watch some films! http://tinyurl.com/mv92bv
@avrobro: ahhhh!!! Haha!!! I thought I was going to die that day. I'm NOT even kidding. I miss it so much 
@Darthspock1 not a lot jus very tired from da iphone launch 2day was a very long day 
i have had a awsome day but now im feeling really low 
Why didn't the dr. tell me how much a tetanus shot hurts the next day? 
ahh! my present for father's day might not get here on time  omg http://tinyurl.com/ml7zhl
Just caused a spilling of fruit punch.  oh what a day. Haha
another day gone and still no success with writing its jst not going well 
@lefran yeahh it sucks, i looked around one at the open day but i can't remember which one it was  ha
@spittingcat _ta. it's shit being old. had a miserable day on wednesday  rode every other day though ; )
great day today  im falling again  i can feel it   listening to some queen at the moment  soooo tired 
@dscriven shiz marn thats a nightmare roll out  yeah will ave 2 pop by, busy all day 2morow n its soltace sun morn so will do tings then!
@dulcecandy87 yup its very sad  yellow ranger passed away. i remember hearing about this back in the day
fuckin' day 
wishin we was back 2gether...I called him 2day cuz 4 the past 2days we was supposed 2 hang out...maybe I should let it go 
@Karilo13 yeah, i am still on vacation, but flat broke! i can't do much during the day. 
a sad day in athens  http://bit.ly/1MoCn7
is oh so red from tanning  oh well it will just turn into a lovely tan in a day or two...
just left the mall after a long day of ealking around. my effing legs hurt. spent 40 bux and only got a t shirt 
been out all day  gotta catch up.
Oh how i wish i couldve stayed just one more day so i couldve seen adam dj... 
i thought was goin to auckland 2day but actually goin tomorrow, ops lol...gots up earlie for nothing 
@JohannaRAWR havin a shitty day too?  ughh... I feel that!
Today was my bosses last day  im going to miss her. But i heard through the grapevine that she wants to take me to her new store
stuck on tha side of tha road w/ a flat tire  i WUZ havn a good day
ohhh my goooosh!! i just don't know how this day can ever get worse 
i will never eat a mcdonalds breakfast mcskillet ever again.. i've been mcnauseous all day 
havent tweeted for a while other than for frankie...so...im in lacey... not feeling good  everyone have a good whatever day it is !5 days!
second to last day in cali. i'mma miss the west coast 
@lexus73 I dont get updates very regular either  This is the first thing i have gotten all day
I really need to get on the treadmill 3 times a day and cut out the tecate.   but not tonight...ha!
 it's been a crappy day 
@MyInnerSexFiend cuz the weather sucks and i spent most of the day at home! 
so i met this dude n gave him my number he said hed hit me up next wk. hes been blowin me up all day  hate that shit
Havnt wached naruto all day 
i worked on my car 2day but still a long way 2 go. i gotta wake up early in the mourning  but ima hop out the bed and turn my sexleader on
@bekfreeman yea its all gd.. ah i have those days every day! atleast uve got hubby with u! i had to leave rohin behindd  haha miss u guys!
i can't believe this is the last day with @Nnnicolee in thailand  tomorrow last day for me in thailand! nicole's here for 2 weeks more! =(
ohhhh he's had made my day/night. move to auckland mr perfect 
oh he has made my day/night!! move to auckland mr perfect 
haven't worked out all day   i feel like a fatass
chatting with selena my bestfriend. i miss her so much  press all day witthout her 
aargh!sprained my leg while playin bball yest eve..damn! how will i go 2 play baddy 2day??? n new skul starts on mon *embarrassed*  
 thanks jimmy fallon for reminding me it's father's day this weekend. i don't want to work. screw you roger.
headin to bed...last full day in florida tomoro 
@streetkingpin jer-z told me yall not commin for b-day bash    ...you know its not the same if pin aint there!
Still in atlanta for one more day and I'm missing my boyfriend like crazy...home one day then gone for another 4.... 
at the beach w ali, ry, and chiba! smokin bowls! blaze it busy day tomorrow 
Is planning on sleeping all day tmw. At least til I have to go to work at 430... 
oh gosh a whole day spend I.T assignmenting. faaaaaaaaaaah what a waste of weekend 
was wondering why saturdays feel like the saddest day for the week. then realised. there's no masterchef on saturdays. 
My bestt friend @hellookiki leaves ths mroning to go half way around the world  japan.for ten long grueling days.  I need a hug.
Its soooo cold 2day  and i am in lots of pain! Not good...
back pains is NOT gone  BUT bestie is coming in august! def. made my day =]
man. bad day.  gotta improve.
Arghhhhhhhhhh, grr. I want to go home  and want to cry  It's a very bad day 
watched the uninvited + house bunny, pretty scary + then funny movie to balance it all. richard is leaving in one day! boo. 
@gunnerforlife yeah it was real busy, took ages to get a pint  what u up 2 2day?
So madd! Fiirst day back toO wOrk already miissiing mah babiie giirl! 
@bounceswoosh It's hard, and makes for a shitty next day 
yep, definitely a pollen day! 
@coollike I'd go manual.. I don't trust the lil electrical buggers.. I'm convinced it'll electicute me one day 
its our last day  yesterday we went shopping and to lunch with greg's mom, then greg went to play golf, and i hung out with jodie
Goodmorning tweeters.early morning! Out to breakfast w/my boys,then the mall w/the mercedes  but its a good day!
21 huh, well i dont feel a day over 90 
oh doooon't make me go to work on such a beautiful day 
@mdd360 sorry guys I meant fathers day is tommorow 
Wishing a sunny day! NO WAY 
Another day. Another dolla but there is no holla. 
Is missin someone alot i cant belive i dident get to talk to this person that day    oh well next thursday!!!!!! hopefully
so much rain! too bad its on the day of my sister's bbq!  in other news nyc tonight!
wondering wot 2 do 2 day weres the sunshine ? 
Still queasy erh . And no medicine is really helping . I think i might have to call it a day early 
gloomy day!  hmm....wot 2 do? LOL!
Last day in fresno. I need to survive the heat!  didn't bring enough shorts 
cant sleep i guess that is what happens when you sleep most of the day!, and wke up at 6pm 
I'm going snorkling and kayaking with really bad sunburn. Last day in puerto rico biaaatch. 
also... 3rd amnd final ribena of the day was a big fat faliure  x x
Going to work. Such a shitty day outside 
laundry day.....hooray!!!!!!!! 
oh, i'd forgotten it's rob day at the cinema. sad now 
last day @ disney  headed 2 typhoon lagoon w/ family
@ninjachico nope no call... and sad things is I was awake at 8 and passed out again... this means no sugar comp for me  it's a sad day
dreary day in nova 
urgh...its gunna rain all day...how whack is that&gt; 
man i am abit bored D: should of gone to the open day in bournemouth CURSES, have to wait till sept now 
just woke uppp, shitty day outt 
blahhh have a huge headache still beatin my self for wat happened the other day 
Goodmorning twitters! Looks like 2day might b a nice sunny day. .I have a horrible headaceh  so ppl plz pray 4 me &amp; pray it goes away!
another rainy day  - xoxo kristinnnaa !
had one helluva lousy day 
Beatiful day in chicago... Too bad I'm working 
@SBWinner oh I'm sry for u  two years ago we had wintercamp --&gt; skiing all day long lol but summercamp was way better^^
had a nice day today watching toy story and shrek on the big screen...a little upset im not going to be seeing matt for about 2 weeks 
I wish my beau was here to not enjoy this rainy summa day with me...W/ out him it juz seems so dry... 
chomped down my first ever 2 krispy kreme donuts this morning...and got diarrhea the whole day after 
@jemmahatty i really hope thats a joke, jemma. Today was the first day of the diet.. I ate lots of healthy greek food but two cup cakes 
I think I'm gonna cry at my first day in uni next semester. No really. I don't enjoy unimas anymore 
I  already did my good deed for the day, so now it's lazy time! I luv my kids! I wish my luv would call me 
Getting ready to go out with mama, had a hella tough day yesterday 
Boring day, crappy out 
What a gloomy day  After a quickie nap, gotta get up and run some errands!
@LoveDeez and U know me soooo well LOL!maybe i'll add a cute sidepart hahaha.I jus wish i cld stay n but 2day every1 wants to have events 
uh wow that ruined my day 
It's such a hott day out yet it's thundering 
finally back from a very bad morning of chores  feel very unwell 2day  killin time by makin bracelets.
@prince4jc yeah problems transferring to a new server. Should be back up in a day or so 
last day in pittsburgh  kind of depressing if you ask me
good day at the mall as far as shoppin ... but i dont feel good  
Just not my day just got stood up  ehh oh well
has not got a day off till saturday now!!! im gunna be so tired by the end of the week 
its a dreary day in nyc... makes me wanna stay indoors... the bad thing is that i just got here a couple hrs ago 
@KEWSBOOGIE nooooooo.. I've been doin crap all day  I sowwy!! wub you!
worst fucking day ever . fml 
well today was a shitty day of chillen, cold nd raining day  &quot;_&quot;
@shawnemerriman shawnemerrimanOk so this my junk day just stopped by popeyes and got a 8 piece chicken. - There goes the superbowl..  
having a bad-ish day today..   i love justin bieber!!
@RickyBoyyy yeah, it's been chilly all day 
@toddhicks I can't make it, I have my cousins bday bbq that day, believe me id def rather go w/u guys 
@vermontaigne will try hun, so damn tired!  how was your day? x
@greyrae jazz festival is fun...but I wasn't home alllll day 
my mate alex met travis barker 2day  sad times, but il be in L.A next monday so life aint that bad
A day with the poisoned troll tomorrow  god it sucks x
@laurenn_  i know, my mom tells me every day, ... hahah
had an awsome day wiv niamhp thank you. sat here wait 4 the tears to dry up 
Finally up...my tummy isn't happy   And I really don't want to go to work. It's my day off dang nabit!!!
shitty day here grrr alwayz gets me down 
omg i feel sooooooo sick right now!!  i have all day!
had a great day with the fam and trying to enjoy a good night. very hot in the apt. tho! not 2 mention amara is throwing a tantrum. 
I'm just so done with everything I hate being the joke of everybodys day 
@KayleighSays i work all day monday so if you want to do something after 8 that would be tight. but kate is leaving for key west mon 
Another day without my laptop  oh how i miss you 
dats crazy no one followed me 2day 
went out to eat and so tired after the all day thing.but i wanna go get my amp fixed 
ughh today was a long day, it was raining the entire time  i was so tired that i had a 3 hr nap [not a good idea]
in the office workin on sunday  happy father's day!
my phone just broke one of the buttons came off  have to leave ot for a day.. omg no txting for a day how will i live.
I've been sick in bed all day. This sucks!!!! 
has has like the worst day ever. I didn't think days could be this god damn shitty.  text please. goodnight.
@rosesness aww  thats not fun, you are not having a good day
uggghhh y am i not in the A right now....  what was birth day bash lookin like??
@vuhnessuh ooooh fun.  the day before green day is in seattle, hollywood undead is here. i wanna go. 
fuuun day with @sarahvseveryone ! last day hanging out with her till august 9th   europe is going to bee bosss!
long long day today, i want to goto bed but my hair is still yet from the shower  yes im that girly i guess
if it wasn't 4 going 2 church 	6pm it would've been  @swtweetypie thnx 4 askin...2moro is a new day
@joshtwutts I know. I'm doing fathers day stuff tonight tho 
mic is broken  worst day evar!
@chenelleworld yeah it's a sad day for me..mwas really looking forward to connecting 
i really wanna watch year one,too bad,i don't have a day off till friday 
@ComptonAssDeezy my day is pretty boring..  just went to the beach for awhile.. that was ok.. but eh. could have been better
@mel_says i totally would but i have a bunch of father's day crap tomorrow. 
@Mievolution i almost fell 2day  hahahaha
follow me b/c i am bored haven't watched tv for 1 whole day 
eep another cold day =| where did the sun go? i miss it 
@mastermichaell LOL. aww what? how come  you can go to lollicup on the day my bro is working &amp; i'll be there with his laptop.. ahah.
its my last day of teen-dom 
day sixteen: watched more movies! gotta love ratatouille. i'm sad! tomorrows the last day of free movies 
Somewhat of a good and bad day so imma watch my favorite comedy,ghostbusters, someone make me happy 
@tldriscoll  but i thought we were going to hang out monday and then go see transformers the day it comes out!
shit. i had to wake up and go to work.the weather is shitty so im guessing a hard and long day  ahh i dont want the next 9 days.
@danniFNB yeah I'm sorry I've been having a horrible day 
@mr_billiam oh noes. if its the one i have - its a doozy.  i shouldnt have gone to the tweetup, but i didn't feel ill until the day after
@badmummy yeah I think I'd call that a bad day too 
wow...its actually been a long day. i want a popsicle  . and i hate you btw....yea you. ur reading this. and i hate you.
What a long day. I can't find my aloe vera 
@ahayblah francis and i just spoke to him the other day.  i still in shocks. 
@x3jennlaurrxo i was like gross... then they started feelin each other up and making out.  but othr than that it was my brothers bday 2day
tiredd; worked all day; knees and feet hurt! i need sleep but i gotta read a chapter of biol 
@imranajmain such a sad day! you wont sayang me anymore when you make up with your buah hati! 
happy fathers day! it's raining and there's crap all on tv! still not feelin too hot 
is feeling reali bored 2day  and doesn't wna say goodbye 2 the wkend
 dammit... No more sleep for me.. And on my day off to.. :-/
i had an awsome day...again. too bad johannerz couldnt come. 
homework day  but it is so nice to be back in prague!
day 3 of james his shitty broken back - I'm becoming less and less impressed everyday 
@FoneArena my last phone was e71 but i killed it  now im stuck with a naff 5800 who's battery dosn't even last 2/3 of a day  gife n97 :O
fathers day 2009, hmmm not the best day, fall out with friends and dnt even talk to my dad anyway, gr8 day in all!!!!!! 
the saturdays  t-shirt soaking in water which is annoying  coz that means cant have a bath yet  but at least get to enjoy day with fam x x
omg i have a tummy ache i have been feeling shit all day 
goin out for lunch, hopefully sooon cos i;ve not eaten yet n am starvin. big bro can fuck off. i forgot it wa fathers day  sad times.
a whole day of jiggling a wordpress theme ahead! 
getting ready, then going to get starbucks for me and my girlies, then working 10-3, then coming back to study for the rest of the day 
@SiNiSTeRDRaVeN  yeah makes the day easy for me....not looking forward to the needles 
says not so father's day!!! haiz.. another ordinary sunday!!  http://plurk.com/p/12olno
On the path to ps with b&amp;b I hope no traffic jam it's a last day of sency midnight sale 
working a full day on a sunday is just a sin. 
is not gonna get paid to drink coffee all day...   #fb
@mcbawse OK dont be mad...i just found out were doing &quot;family time&quot; for fathers day today, so i will be exiled if i dont go...so no samba 
everybody nampak busy the whole day. I just woke up and dont know what to do next 
what a quiet day. no one talking... feelin kinda blue. 
@kat_n i am a next-day spewer from way back so i ALWAYS suffer thru a hangover. ugh, memories  glad u're ok haha
last day in montreal. 
is sick with strep throat and missed georg's bday and is pissed off  at least i get 2 sit on my ass all day and do nothing (:
is hungover,...workingg allll dayy on this sunnnny day 
my last day is tmrw .. going to miss everyone  /won't be here for grad .
anyway...I'm out to celebrate fathers day and then to utuado until tuesday  goodbye
i wish i was in sa to spend the day with dad.  i love you jackbutt!
Off to work til 5. Then spending the day with the fam. Its dreary out 
@broadway009 oh no u don't don't play me I def called u twice the other day and u never called back 
hungry  there's 1 billion ppl starving.. and i am very scared i would be part of them one day
@spillow11 lol ur fathers day update is just like mine  almost
@charlottewhoax i feel like shite dno whyy, and i burnt my leg on the iron the other day  hahaha, clever me
might go outside for a bit and sunbathe since ive spent most of the day revising 
ughh i hate father's day 
I don't know what to expect today, but if it's anything like what I see on tv, then I will be out in the sun all day with some drunks. 
@xpureirishx sorry i was gone for sooo .long!!! I was playing buzz the other day... I was beaten everytime 
@kimmieny thanx hun, unfortunately im workin on fathers day 
would love to go see @katyperry again, in glasgow in august.. but its the day i come back from portugal so it's not happening 
lame. its rainging. skate day has been postponed 
happy daddy's day! too bad i'm in connecticut 
I'm having a shit day!! need to go home soon i think..?? feeling sad  miss everyone!!
happy fathers day! my dad is in england for a week - no celebrations today. ohhhh wellll!!  im already over it 
I have been lazy allll morning...shoulda exercised before work....now to work allllll day 
@yenymt no not slow just mimi times, resting from a very busy day...i don't have buddies to drink with 
@CHRISDJMOYLES mmmmm curry...so much nicer than jacket potato  I feel cheated now...everyone knows that friday is take away day though!
......last day at placement 2moz! 
Just got ready to go ouuuuutttttttt, feel so rough still from sat nite! 2 day hangovers are me 
@Ravenpc noooo, it was confession day between me and... you know who I mean..the one was/am addicted to .. but it ended up a lil sad  egal
@velvetella @fi69 spent day  trolling grad art shows tired and urgh row with mate, kids all tears and stress yucky poo poo HideOus day 
@greggarbo i hurt myself over 1000 times a day  but your music + jonas helps me through my pain
having a shitty shitty day 
ugh. dont you hate it when a seemingly perfect day gets ruined in less than 5 seconds? i do. 
I wanna go shopping tomorrow!! No one else wants to go though. It's a supposed sun day.  AHHHHHH
can't wait to see secret lifee and jon and kate plus 8!!..wonder what their announcement is?? nevous..lol last day of school tommorow  lol
@ashleytisdale kick ur heels out, it's such a pain for ur feet i know what i'm talking about, heels are hell if you wore them a long day 
what a shitty day. 
Not a good day tbh 
@bondsbustyblond the worst of it is,that the lving of my flat gets all the sun &amp; so stays hot all day 
@suestorm .....sorry about ur bad day   just know i love you ,,,feeling better yet   call me ,,sun
eyeglasses broke...fone goin' in and out 10 days till i get a new one.  what a wonderful day 
ep what a crappy day 
says its a sad day.. nagteach ako kinder dis day ehhh  http://plurk.com/p/133ati
kodak to retire kodachrome  http://bit.ly/qimCB &quot;makes you think all the world's a sunny day... mama don't take my kodachrome away&quot;
hay last saterday was  my b day ya it was so fun to bad it had to end  it was fun
didn't know anythin bout you, all day long. miss ya 
tank of gas + dead battery + houston heat and traffic = a long looong day 
@bloodyhurricane omg I don't know, why aren't we?!  are you online? let's chattttttt!  &lt;333333 we used to talk every flipping day man!
I had a fun day today practicing kelsey with my friends bettina nikki and mariel for our feastday we didn't have much time though.. 
alot of bugs to day 
only has 1hour and 30 min of comp the hole day 
@perryplatapus yea  that day sucked
had an amazing time last night. boston with jeffrey for his last day 
whats up world, in chillin b/c it is a new hot day and no one is around to chill with me  so whats good, hit me up Hondadan@gmail.com
One more day here and two more days there!  can't wait till saturday, freedom!!!
@CHRISDJMOYLES I know the feeling, its gorge for once here in glasgow and I been stuck in all day packing 
my last day in sunny florida 
Ugh noooooo, ive got a long day!  but reading @johncmayer 's tweets to perez hilton have certainly made the day brighter already. : D
@benpire glad you had a good day. I didn't, load of crap  how was the Chinkeese?
oh y did I decide to sleep all day 
YAY! i get to be in harry potter!! elvis costello's on the tonite show. yay gotta watch and recored that.... good day,but i miss you 
@youngtruthisme gotta babysit 2day 
@RockPaperAdam awe  are you having a shitty day too?
such a beautiful day today x looking forward to little hampton next thursday shuld b jokes but bk to english gcse coursework in year 9 
ok im bored 2day has been a very long day 
@BabyLove_xo LOL yeah!  last day of school tomoz  gona miss the memories 
wat's up ya'll i didnt tweet all day because my day hasnt been very eventful. 
@GavinHolt yes i shall ask him for #irnbru janice wouldnt give me any 2 day had 2 buy my own #irnbru  there shall b a punishment
oh why is this day not over with yet.  
 another bead off my caleb bracelet! D: noo! this is the worst day ever. i blame gym and the doctor.
That's a hurrican shot for ya, mayn, here I was hopin for a day out on the beach  http://mypict.me/5fwN
Having such a bad day.... its sooo HOTTT. 
my gma just gave me the ring I was supposed to get on my wedding day from her...she wont be around by then 
Errands- gloomy day in ny 
finally on my day off and I got a freakin HeAdAcHe!! I wish my love was off so she can make me feel better 
@KatInsane ok. I slept most of the day away. I feel like crap. 
well now i'm going to get into my pjs and cry. lol. i had such a bad day! 
Just got out thee shower and my day is done  nothing to do
Not having the best day ye know 
http://www.nba.com/2009/news/06/23/spurs.bucks.deal.ap/index.html -- sadest day of my life 
jon and kate plus 8 is now jon plus 8 or kate plus 8...depending on the day 
bff had to go away so I suppose I'll talk to her again some other day. 
@xStephTraff Night dearest first day at coll 2moz without anyone 
@jonnyboyslim hah that would be a funny sight! sleep time, mark is makin me go to town v early tomorrow for last minute shoppin  night x
so bedtime and final only 64 from 2875  but ok cashgame good day so bb cya
ohh my last day of being 24  do i have to get older i guess so
@Stevevalentine tell ziggy happy sniff day back ; ) whatever that means....aw, ed mcmahon died? 
my fave blk stilleto heels r officially dunzo after 2day  time 4 a brand new pair but i &lt;3 these sooo much!
@solangeknowles i told u happy b day but u didnt say nuttin 
 ehhh bad day
whatta full and strange day. missing @kingpacific 
DAMNNNITT i was in canada the same day philip defranco was!!!!!!!!! but i didnt know that !!!!!!!! 
@unleashedSIN bout to knock out long ass day tom 
@tosharenae oh I was in tuba for the day. I'm exausted  what about u?
Our government is becoming socialist every day! Eventually it will become communist. I swear.  It's gunna suck for our children.
@ravynlotito miss u too!   if you only knew...  the hop li and shop-a-thon day would be so much juicier here!
i hate when u miss someone or just want to talk to them.. u end up checkin ur phone 20 times a day  (sad) 
The day just keeps getting shitter and shitter!!!!!!!!!! 
still thinking about last creepy saturday... an awful day... 
@AlexisSaporta; imma cry im going to vanessa's b-day thing on fri. to chillies &amp; the movies like b4  but no you !
my legs hurt like crap from walking all day 
@heidijo98  yeah, I just got caught up from day's events and saw her tweet 
the hottest day in montreal everr!! i cant believe im saying this! pitty i had to be inside all day 
@iSpyLevis damnit wil take me a while to get that far  aah well another day
Hot and sunny in singapore right now, but then its like that every day 
Off to a really long day at uni! Plus getting tortured by having to look at pics from a scotland trip I couldn't attend 
@mishacollins doh! I messed up my last twit but I had a bad day so don't blame me! 
@Prinbird im good ty got to go to work 2day  and someone has stole the sun!!
woo i have internet for once!!! too bad seeing taylor swift at cusa was a total WASTEEEEE. yuck. what a shitty day! i miss my boyfriend 
@missbitesize Thanks for texting me back you jack azzzzzzzzzzzz hole mia all day  ... dookin n divin me haha o well hope ya day was koo
@ruby_gem let me know how you get on or i'll spend all day worrying 
good day at school today. i lolled alot. now my tummy hurts 
having to go to kool while my bro and sis get the day off 
@hazeleynutt plz don't hate me.  i'm sorry, i had a bad day. and needed happiness.
I've been getting headaches every flippin day  this blows
 plans didn't come threw again! what does it take to just have a good exciting day with that person&lt;3?!GOODNIGHT!
wow my day was filled with a bunch of shit  hopefully i get to go to new orelans tomarrow.
@karinaemma I won't forget you!! You have to come see me like every saturday!!  you're coming in for the last day right? xxx
did not get her 3rd hpv jab 2day woke up early for nothing 
@thefella cuz I haven't done anything all day, I didn't even watch a dvd 
@gryphusnick nopes yaar.. am going on a trek...  sme other day
@crimsonexe andrew probably just lied to you so he could spend his frist day back with me, his true love. duh. sawy 
workin another long shitty day  ........
Oh man..I'm freak'n sore!! Works gonna be hard 2day!!  P90X better make me toned!!!
@dah808mike that'll be the day....you'll never in your life get a beer belly! skinny bitch 
london called off  now have a day of nothing to do... should really tidy up
aargh. is it a mad pollen day or something because I cannot stop sneezing.  #fb
One day without internet , yes, it was tough.... 
..classes all day.... bleh 
@metric fantasies is such an amazing album! just a shame i wont get to see you at reading. only have a day ticket for sunday 
@MetricBand fantasies is such an amazing album! just a shame i wont get to see you at reading. only have a day ticket for sunday 
@oliyoung oh man, all day without tubes - devastating 
I can taste blood in my mouth =.= &amp; i haven't eaten the whole day  i feel like a rotten vegetable xD some birthday it is lols!
last day in the @ourstage office. kinda sad   to put it like @mikesplain, maybe i'll be there digitally.
@OxygenOverdose happy birthay honey!!! it's really a pity that i can't party with you tonight.  have a wonderful day!!!! xoxo
My last day in nyc. 
@clairabellejp nope. We hope one day there may be but not yet. 
My last day of clinic at boynton beach imaging, sooooo sad, the people here are the best...next stop belle glade...ugh 
@GavinHolt i no thats not true cos u only stay in the next town! lol I was sooo lookin forward 2 a bit of sunshine 2day 
last day with laura. 
Last day in nyc 
booooooo... first sunny day in forever and i'm working til 7 
this ain't my day. 
what a short night..this fucking flu  but yesterday was nice &lt;3&lt;3 great lovely day
graduation 2day yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i cant wait.... missin  all my peeps already &lt;3 
Today is a SHAQTASTIC day except for my gf gettin charged $40 for nothin sorry baby  but hope you have a SHAQTASTIC day at home lol
Nothing's good about this morning, quiz 2 day and I'm 2 sleepy.  just wanna go back 2 zzzzzzz
Has a longgggg day instore. Not alot of twittering 
I woke up at 1pm today,  I've got a water-day, whats that? I CAN'T EAT ANYTHING,  I can only drink water.. umm, and tea, which is water 
Last day in nyc 
waht a bad day, but the wetter is hot 
eeek induction day!! 
@meerasapra shady! :| fell sick in the morning, so missd work, slept all day, and now awake  last nite's movi was also nuthn gr8.
unruly hair, Starbucks on my shirt, backed up traffic, running late... it's going to be a shotty day 
friggin tired as hell and i'm off to my interview and class. and today is the first sunny day in forever...and i can't enjoy it 
no, i have ANOTHER day off!!! unfortunately i have a boatload of crap to do  you better teach me soon!!!
stuck in my cubicle alllll day 
@satin_lily it is so distressing to hear the words tear gas and bomb every single day while watchin the news. 
@gabigail87 oh..wow... moo day  hope you aren't dead haha. &lt;3
heading to the riverwalk for our last day in san antonio..... 
Buildin robots was well gay 2day  got it 2moz as well  our robot is obv the best :-D
@banjbillions everyday is a long day!  nyt banj!
I'm liking d mix of songs my iPhone is playing 4 mr 2day - i'd love 2 go home now 
@chibi_marrow that happened to me the other day  Not fun!
day after the bday, not as fun 
Just had lunch with tom, now going to work camp. Last day 
survived sports day! think i pulled a hamstring or something tho 
Just got back from a nearby (~75mi.) city. It was a fun vacation, although it was short lived for one day. 
@the_other_rickp i know  i especially feel terrible for ryan o'neal who just proposed to her. such a sad day
@elissakim  yeah!  opening day too!
@cookrn woohoo!  yeah that day i was rockin it hard core  
day 2 is almost over!  i can't wait to eat wade...hehe...
today felt like another fricken day out in the battlefield. but i definitely won the war this day. luv ya my frenz 
eww maths, one day till holidays 
SLEEPING  nyc all day with @iamstevenbaggs hopefully, bbyboyyyy &lt;3 imissyou, 1 more day!
The day is bright and theres a big presentation to write 
@ddlovato I just saw your interview with katie &amp; karleigh!!  you're so awesome demi! I hope you'll come to germany one day 
in-laws and b-day boy carlos are all in dreamland. i'm so happy they are here.     
My 6 canvases ... #30da (30 day artist experience) watch this hash tag all this month  http://twitpic.com/2y5rd
Just had a fabulous day at disney land 
@rustyrockets did you know that you were in a dutch newspaper the other day? 
@TomFelton seems  2 b fun guy, watching nick at nite ,almost 4 am here in massachusetts ,US.cold too brr have a good day  !!
@omgitsafox It was the highlight of my day.  ha ha...
Todays a girlie pamper day - waxing &amp; manicure etc  Ahhh lovely
i'm up...have to clean my room and will bake some cake for tomorrow  in 13 1/2 hours its my b-day hehe
@shannanstedman no i cant see it until later that day. i got a funeral.this sucks.So i no u want to c it twice  nah jokes.
@tommcfly do you like spongebob? &amp; only like 17 days until mcfly edinburgh, then the next day glasgow then the next day newcastle, yaldy 
Studying for English midterm.I get out at 11,then im coming home and sleepinng allll day 
it's a breautiful day  chilling out listening to red dragon fm
@DaMaHug oh yum!!!!!!!!!!!!!     I like your day... 
plots + plans!  thats the quote of the day!
@baddesigner tron= awesomeness  especially when it pops on during a lame day off!
starting a new day! my eyes hurts... look like a rabbit, 'cause they're red hehe. I'm a easter rabbit 
is at work and ready to take on tuesday! sad loss for us michiganders last night, but not gonna ruin my day lol. 
@mattybeard i've only got to S01E06 sso far. I have all day tho 
hah what a great way to start the day! (L) 
@gazman193 ok.. you really like germany ^^ have a nice day in the sauna 
@find_ch oh I didnt think of that...i only have to shave my beard once every other day so its not bad 
@micheal25 Have a great day back at ya 
Sounds good to me - a national beer day : http://tinyurl.com/cspspj Now, can we do this over here? 
@prnewswire Congrats! I hope you have a good day! 
@Jakular do u have icq? coz i would chat if u if u want ;) but i hate msn so much...  im okay, not the best day, but not the worst 2 
hard day on the bike, 4.5 hours, windy, hilly  now making another passover cake for tommorow.
...out for a run - oh, what a perfect day for it! 
@MussoMitchel say frm me to them and have a nice day!! 
@JustTimberlake ahh justinn...ive been with u since day onee with nsynccc lol u were ALWAYS my favorite...and still are! 
@notlost92 OOHH! sounds like you had an awesome day.. congrats girl! 
got me nicole &amp; kayla tix for he twilight convention. girls day 
oh what a beautiful morning! oh what a beautiful day! off to a horse clinic! 
@BecNerd just checkin.. I might have to try one of those early grey lattes one day 
@lelesworld just meeting up with my line bro and my dean for the day 
oh what a beautiful morning, oh what a beautiful day 
@que_day26 good morning que.  follow me.  
such a beautiful day.. gonna spend it outside studying pharm...or not studying pharm...either way its a beautiful day 
what a day if we get a summer lik this there will be no boston n july may da sun and da beer flow 
ANOTHER beautiful day in michigan 
@jhillstephens im gud hun, the suns shining  what u up2 2day?
ok no more being negative    beautiful day
@Andyjordan91 ehh tell you my reasons one day! 
and the sun is shining! oh glorious day 
i spent the day with ola. and it was definitely fun 
...i need tea. then i think ill take a walk and or run. yey for healthy day 
@openhappiness @jj_frankie @viperbrooke have a good day   it's a great day to be alive &lt;3
Today is all luscious lady curves day, the louie likes 
i barely go on this hmmmm :/ had a great day! bought my dress for the party 
such a pretty day in la 
Getting ready to go out with the biff  Sunnnny day! &lt;3
fun day today!! now im gettin ready to see caroline perform tonite 
@joeypage its a beautiful day in delaware too. 
http://twitpic.com/3jy0w - What a beautiful day! 
hmm prtty noice day always a good day wen u eat sushi 
@ModelMandyLynn i'm doing what i can babe...if i could vote more than once a day you would be kicking serious ass in voting 
got some ed hardy shoes, comfy slippers, and really nice silver heels, today was a good day.  working on some lovely law day stuff....&gt;:O
@amaliiee yeah 46 days for me. my last day is june 4th.  and i am PRETTY sure i'm coming. let's say 80% sure, lmao. and no not on you. (:
@jessicastrife everyday is my youtube day 
@madhav thanx he is...he just poured it out on the carpet  of course, i was cleaning up for the better part of the day
Relaxing day w/ my baba  xoxo
AWESOME end to an overall AWESOME day.....or not! What the fuck ever, not really surprised, goodnight 
@jshe  *closes eyes* hehe , btw how's your day so far ?
word of the day: whooodootooodppotoodpogsa  and it aint lame.
@luckychica oh thanx! it was a totally perfect overcast foggy day... he had a good ol time! 
just woke up doin nufin 2 day yayayayay 
gah. another day of revision fun. major booness! but am dyeing my hair later 
@Muggie89 - that's ok  I did assume that  Wish you a great day too 
is going to bed... we kind of wasted the day napping... oh wells  it was worth it.
@iamshur get a mac  an apple a day keeps bill gates away ;)
i just watchd 2 movies at hoyts 2day ugh..but then again yay!! LOL 17 again was awesome but monster vs aliens was OK but cute and boring 
@tommcfly woo welcome back x you could always just relax for a day lol x   xxx
i need some paper, some glue, alot of shineys and a creative burst to keep me happy for the day 
@shani_epa umm through this arrangement what would be the earliest day  i could get them? 
Ah , sunday morning , what a nice day to get up and realize I have money already  I love the internets.
Another sunny day in the uk 
ha d a gr8 day yesterday at borough mkt, smiths and then la clique 
@lil_19 i am trying to stay off msn for a day, i have done well actually, well 24 hours is up, i played video games all weekend 
Its such a gorgeous day!!  hugs xxx
@jonasbrothers hi! just droppin by.  have a nice day!.  xoxo
Lovely sunny day off to the albert dock with lots of kids look like old mother hubert lol  aud xxx
@JHTaylor   And dont you think most chancellors in todays day and age would try and get in on the research train?
what a sunny day ! finally some decent sunshine in wales 
goodmorning twitters...last day in london 
Enjoying a day of doing NOTHING  Not even crafting...but I will carve some rubberstamps later...I guess, I will do...not sure about it
yay!  world of mirth stopped by my booth  (hello thea!) can get along with my day with a smile 
what a crappy day! rain, cold, papers, studying, and annoying people. wish i lived in mexico! 
@DAYNADAY hi  any plans for the day? I'm going to play poker later, shower first!
@grapevine32 hi may your day be blessed 
@MeBeKristyna i think everyone was thinking thurs or fri after pay day 
@PrinceSammie follow me hunn  how is your day goin??
what a gorgeous day to have a bbq w/ me mates! 
The day is lookin good 
3oh!3 and skiing = great day 
@OsmentEmily thanks emily have an awsome day to 
@getlikenessa88 Nothing much how about you ?  enjoying a rare nice day in canada 
wooohooo its nice nd sunny 2day 
@Kimbalicious oh well im in for the rest of the day so it wont bother me anymore 
@JohnMayerRocks wooo loves you to biotch! glad we got to laugh alllll day yesterday 
@aashleyyyy omg I know!! maybe one day it will be? 
definatley a movie day 
@seminolegirl97 Already did my wii fit for the day. 
yay allison day is here once again!!!! lalalalalayadiiido 
kaelee and courtney day was a total sucess! 
gloomy day..lookin forward to weeknd 
first day of school was great! Nothing beats hanging out with friends  - http://tweet.sg
had the longest day ever n headin bak 2 tucson! congrats to my girl Jovone who got wifed up 2day...had hella fun at the reception 
I wish franz ferdinand could give me private shows evry day 
@scottrmcgrew ur tooo sweet  heading to bed now have a busy day tomorrow doing laundry and washing my hair
he remembered.... i thought he didn't but he did.it kinda made my day... 
spent the day with p  hilton waved at us.. wooh!
I had a fun day yesterday with my cousins  I love the videos you showed me in youtube @luaann
great day for bikin  shame it was to the office
goodmorning from a lovely sunny day in spain 
the initiation of sarah, jaws &amp; rogue  all in one day ?
is about to go to bed after a nice day at mount charleston! 
@chromette lol, my birthday is also voting day for the daylight saving referendum, and i get to vote! voting a big fat NO btw 
oh.. AND.. hello second weekend!   I'm brewing iced tea and settling into a day off. rawrz!
@ChristopherKohn ich sag nur halb vier! HAHA  have a greatl day yourself!
@ChristopherKohn  ich sag nur halb vier! HAHA  have a great day yourself!
@hannarnia yes I am n I'm havin a great day u know, a reli reli great day 
WEll i had a very good sewing day today...lotsa goodies up soon on website 
just woke up about to have a shower and enjoy this sunshiny day!!  xx
@seasonzero one day dude one day , loving your new work dude 
Just woke up... im still tired ahhhh well atleast i have a day off 2day  off to pick up my bestie to go to starbucks yay
@merrymorgantown it's a bit long, but good  i recommend it, lol. aww, well have a nice day  what do you do in london? uni?*is nosey lol*
gettin tha day started early!! 
april showers bring may flowers. rainy rainy day... will be eventful nonetheless yay 
@james__taylor it was fine.. lol..  how was your day?
waiting ...  ... oh happy day
good morning disney&lt;3  fun day ahead. fingers crossed i find jack! ;)
@meglizmiller wats my favorite redhead doin 2day 
@diana_music :o wit woo hope you not thinking of switching sides  your album is getting closer.. tick one more day of the calender xx
@MissDiggs oh no she eats lls....but they think its going to catch up with me one day 
@LanceGross lakers all day everyday!!!!! 
marcus coudl have ruined the day with his irresitable cravings. damn. hello plano popo 
it's sunny outside &amp; sleepy in my head, think there's a song in there somewhere....have a good day ya' all 
again - crap day. crap life. until tonight 
@theragingocean Your nights are shaken but your day will be beautiful I'm sure ! xx forza  
@liquidwings haha... i gotta see that tree one day too... imagine, worldwide tweetup at the rockefeller tree.... 
great day to be a bostonian.  marathon, sox win, celts win, bruins win. 
@bobbyllew hi there rob,hope you have a fab day 
@bradiewebbstack i would take you out to dinner any day of the week mr webb 
@iambirdgirl should be most of the day me thinks. text hannah when you get out and she will inform 
@N1cks one day you'll be organised 
Getting ready for bed... Gta chill &amp; fun day ahead 2mor  nitey nite!
woohoo finally broke through the average reader value of 40 per day on my blog  hey, we all have to start small!
@ddlovato have fun in munich, germany!!  hope u'll be back here on tour one day ;)
says earth day bukas!!  http://plurk.com/p/pbwx9
@SamMaliksi oh my goodness! thank you for showing me that.  Another person made my day.
blah. getting ready. school all day. lets hope it gets better out before last block. whoot gym 
wonders if i can pick up wi fi in the park........ wants to work outside and enjoy the day 
loling at everyone suddenly getting addicted to coke! its cos im on my 7th day caffeine free  soz
cigarette and cofee?  its bout to b a good day 
@BennyGreenberg  hav a grt day
@que_day26 quue ! i heard yall killed it ...as always ! 
hittin the hay bayyyyyybe  busy day starting at 8!
@heidimontag seeing marley &amp; me  what about u? . did u have a good day?
@mysteriousmysti hope u have alotta fun seeing green day. they're an awesome band 
hadd a qood day.. beachh 2mmrrwwww. 
@TreeBanker that sounds like a long day! we'll at least hopefully you can get some rest now! it looks like you have a good cause!  G-nite!
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz goin to bed, another successful day of sobriety 
gooood day 
@akynos - we so need to sit one day over some drinks and have these convos - tweeter is a bit annoying for it 
@EllensShow hey ellen watching from the Philippines! we're only a day late and uv become a daily ritual for me and my son at dinner 
@suziperry like the new piccy, I'm up cos I've got 3 yr old twins (noisey little munchkins) have a good day 
sad its another boring day geez 
hmmm...how was my day today? class @ 8am...oh and then it was raining all day...but @pepperlive makes it all better with awesome tweets 
Finally in bed! I got thru the day  now I have to get thru the weekend...One boulder after the next...each one gets me closer tho!!
@DavidArchie hope you're looking forward to the ipswich show on sunday. i am. 'tis my 18th birthday that day 
@gfalcone601 morning  its a lovely day! im getting an iphone later! very excited! have a good day 
@ChubbyGayMan i still haven't had my first coffee of the day yet, liable to be a little bit grouchy til i have! Lol 
I gotta word tonight at 8:30p.m... so I can sleep the whole day!  until like 6, lol
@EmilyYoung09 hey... morning... u gt any olans 4 2day? xx 
@CrisiLouise haha, better than mine tho...I have a fun packed day with the inlaws! they will b here soon so best get dressed 
@StevenSSUnmor stevo wot u on 2day ?? holla at me 
Its sunny again woooo  day out again hmmmm ?.
Yesterday was such a bad day, hope yer all doing fine 
@sanafaiyaz itz too hot to fly in the day...  u prefer nocturnal birds??? 
@SueCovert hi sue. I hope u have a great day 
@flochater one day flo..one day you will meet him and miley and it will be magical..a match made in heaven 
About to take my final then poolside alllll day 
beautiful day....motivated....shoot at 5.....bedhead now. 
@hotpatootie And how do you spell 'planet' and 'is'... bless u sounds like ur having a pants day 
Is being vincentiant with lindsay for the day 
goodmorning loves! i hope you all have a day thats as B-E-A-U-tifull as yourselves 
http://twitpic.com/4eh23 - the cutest ass you'll see all day ! 
my sister definitely just called me a tattoo whore... hahaha... happy new ink day!! 
happy saturday! sun shining outside  today will be a good day: bulls &amp; pacquiao! 
what a sunny day? sarahs still in bed the bum 
@LittleFletcher first of may is labor day in belgium and other countries 
Today is grooming day!! mani, pedi, wax, and shoppingg. 
Waiting for jordan to wake up so our day can start 
@Felitherandom  yeap. The cast had a day off and went to a theme park. heh 
@mileycyrus amen to that miley!! sometimes hes the only way to get thru the day 
chillin' with linden at the water. such a great day - again  http://twitpic.com/4ejo4
od day. 
hope u have a great day, tay!  
wk is crazy 2day. ready 2 go party at mayras wedding. hooray 4 mayra and aaron! 
@rustyrockets http://twitpic.com/4ep9h  so you'll know what day it is 
oh day one of bamboozle. you know what it is 
@ToriKelly really?!....hum...any special reason? i would have to be...erm....YOU...lool...it would be fun 2 be a amazing singer 4 the day 
Goodmorning...to a perfectly beautiful day in florida 
@shiverss ill see if i can take the day off that saturday. do you have aim? thatkidtexas hit me up later! 
@Running5k2day yeah baby! breast still feels the same. o well. gotta just get thru it.  
@mileycyrus hey girl have a nice day ) smile foreva right?  u are so amazing.. really  ..god bless ya!
so far sing it loud has been my favorite of the day. going to see mercy mercedes soon! 
great day 2day! roundin it off with sum vodka and tv with my boy! cant w8 4 2moro nite, gona b fun! love bank holidays! 
sunny miami day  out to the salon to spoil myself
@mileycyrus hey! hannah montana the movie came out yesterday me n my best m8 went to see it 2day and its amazing! well done  luv u 
@joeymcintyre... just thinkin of  you   hope u have a good day
i'm going to try and talk tyler into going to the zoooo.  it's the perfect day for it!
i feel horrible): wickked fun day tho! 
great day  ... super tired. going to sleep.. goodnight!*
Watching dane cook's  vicious circle  makes my day lol
had a pretty good day. bc i finally got to sleep!  and its back to sleep land!
good day   tired though :[ phew
@iKimbot hahahaha not to worry you attacking my bed on april 29th kind of made my day  that, plus the pop out pony card...
I am watching phantom of the opera with sarah after a long stressful day of studying euro.. 
@BrooklynBoy85 you need a quote of the day everyday!  xoxoxo
is like jus got in longgggg nite but an even better day yaaay 
time to sleep. goodnight twitter kids  &lt;3 bamboozle day 2 tomorrow! =D
So today ended up being okay! Yay! that's awesome because at the start it looked like it was going to be a shit day. 
@mydwynter It was one of 1st singles I ever bought. And I re-discovered it the other day, &amp; frighteningly still knew all the words 
@Grooveecar morning louise. hope the day gets better for you guys 
@HomeBiss i'm not saying it's bad .. it's goood for servers.. but less usability on day to day desktop users 
day 26 - reminds me of yu... this song got me falln asleep happy.. go listen 2 it 
mmmm what to wear on a chilly but sunny day, as you can see i like vest tops 
@mrskutcher hello demi, and how are you on this fine day, god bless 
@bill_archie *singing save the day*  glad to hear that she helped u! 
goodmorning twitters!! such a lovely day 
it was a slow day , watched the footy and of course our team won again, and now watching the australian logies on tv in my pjs 
@mame_mame every day i am drinking beer a lot. 
photoshoot day.. back from haw par villa 
yesterday my lil' bit turned 1!! man i remember spending the whole day &amp; then some at the hospital waitin' on her to get here 
I HATE  my hair. I want extentions. =( #6f%u&quot;......have a nice sunny day my lovely twities. 
@loubeejones        im having the day off and were going into town whn @katey__ gets outta college at 11 so well go hunting  xxx
@jen_crosland well that's goood, my day has been great thanks  and no, not very excited lols |:  how about your day? are you excited? lol
ben and jerry's ice cream factory for the day!  text. 5184805856
wonders if dougie will ever reply to her? the day that happens, if that happens i will go mental 
Last day. Lets make it count 
had a beauty sleep day  ugh tomorrows monday, so not ready 
what a beauuuutiful day out! , gettin readyy then goin to staceys to babysitt justice &lt;3 cell it 
I like staying up til six thirty in the morn.   .PYSCHO[BiLLiE]BiTCH&lt;3.
@Nopatria just making someone was listening  have a great day with the familia 
yesterday...was a fantastick day  thnx to the universe for smiling on me
had a very good day with benson yesterday i missed him so much and cant wait to see him again 
i love sundays! apartment hunting then lunch with adam  have a great day everyone!!
@mileycyrus have a good day miley cyrus 
@angiechampion that was bronisha being a laurenzelle.. its ghetto bootie day here in teh balybeen 
Just come back from a day of shopping at westwood cross 
has been in bed all day..i love lazy sundays! now it's pub o'clock 
outt for the day. txt 
@Tommyrob i just take a bath... i feel better  then... i  big day is infront of me 
its sucha nice day 
@DukeTerrell u owe me a call now....   have a good day babe! xx
@Angeliiinaaa happyb day &amp; meny mooor i c u gone do it big if u dont do notheing p.s your soooooooo sexxyyyyy 
lounging all day. i love sundays 
@pratikgupta No man.. nothing to do with naina.. she's still awake.. i am just trying to see if i can end up getting more out of my day  
@Nnascenzi can't go a day without a drink? I can refer you to someone...ha! 
@lilpiptook yes one day  I am down for anything
@MatthewCortez I was just remembering the dead of the black parade... it was awesome to see ya  even if ya didn't play that day
I'm so proud of myself! I've been tired as fuck all day but I didn't go home early  yay me!!!
cant wait fir the magic day i get my life back!! 
hahah  tiredd even though i slept all day ! haha
@rumbletoy being tinkerbelle would have it's perks... I could tink away all day! lmao... only when I wear my green dress 
lazy sunday..!  did nothin` but lay around in bed and watch movies all day.. 
jim jim's, zoolander, and a guy in the restroom with a sleeping bag asked me if i wanted to party, a very productive day 
says have a beautiful day,everyone!  [phplurk.com] http://plurk.com/p/rn4l3
@allthatglitrs21 thats the day of my 20th bday  (i guess yours is more major since you live in the us!)
@chrisluvssixxam it was such a long day...she had her first commuion..and it was great  made a tear come to my eyes..check out myspace pic
i am going to sleep now.. had a really good day.  bedroom smells good. thanks amanda.
finally chilling and enjoying my day plus drinking mexican coke 
going to sleepy after a loong day of crappy homework. 
http://twitpic.com/4j2mj - just cuz I was cute that day 
is tannn now from laying poolside all day with dakota  school tomorrow. yuck. campbell hall, why do you hate meee??
day is startin right now 
@simplykaylaaa oh gaha no of course i wasn't offended why would i be?  i'd love to play for you some day 
@CrushStevens music is always there when noone else understands  i agree it's very important, a single song can change your whole day
nick is so cute in the tiger costume  ahaha it made my day  
@yaseminx3 hahahahaha, I have a day off 
Totally enjoying my day off  woohoo for Mondays.
Wishing it was a sunny day, then I might just be bothered to get outta bed! ..up the blues 
kinda done trying. ugh. oh well it was worth the effort.   long day tomorrow. night tweeters! 
cry baby. janes joplin what is this? munsay music. but i dont know wich shit day i  am today 
thats my moan for the day 
@cali3d congratulations, I hope you have an amazing day 
fucken tired as fuck  it's sunny.. good day? deffff
my momma is comin 2night !  2morrow tennis day with p?nar yuppie ! 
1st day of master cleanse...wish me luck 
@britneyspears I hope that if I were to run up on stage with you one day,u wouldnt kick me off.&amp; U would booty pop with me. 
off for a run. moon-day is not that bad after all...  #fb
@llauren_ having a very lazy day, playing xbox and drinking tea 
@gorgeousgg yup!! even though its a lil rainy out lol hope ya have a good day  
@SheiroQ fuckyoumonday?  I like it. It's a totally crap-tastic rainy day here. :/ I'm off to work. *hugs*
@matthew_west one day the hubs and I WILL take one of those. There's actually a missions cruise that we want to go on. It has music too. 
Headed to drop my lil cuz off at the bus stop! Then its back to the bed to read my book!  relaXin on my day off.
hungover.........still in bed!!!! duvet day 2day me thinks  ooh may start desperate housewives or watch new dvds off richard xx
im feeling the burn of the last 4 days..gonna chill play xbox and watch stuff all day 
@RawHealer hey there keeping me healthy sister  nice to see you, have a great day
awake  slept in a little cuz no construction. now studying bio alllll day but i dont mind.
hi  godd day eweryone im in a reel good mood to day 
@ileanedover HEYHEYHEYY happy star wars day   watcha doin this friday? up for a movie?
I  didnt know there was a starwars day  
@NatalieGelman keep telling yourself you'll feel better by doing it and tomorrow can be a lazy day... it is Sunfay afterall  (Excuses.)
looong day! 8 houuurs of work, then a 5 minute shower, then back out with shane, and now here  man, i can hear my bed calllling a bunch!
@TaeJun stellar  happy ma's day to them
goin to sleep busy day tmrw! 
@rebeccarem I am on here..finally. AND YAY. seriously. that made my day oh fellow hell ruler 
It's after midnight &amp; I hear the shower calling me- Technically it's not twice in one day since it's morning-- I'm not very &quot;green&quot;. 
A little happy for the wine jeje ok it'sm my free time so who cares, jaja i love this day 
What an incredibly great day.  hahaha!
totally the best part of my day was studying with @beccahicklen  haha ok now i'm really leaving holly's and i'll be there shortly! peace!
party was awesome. soooo tired, bye. ps: happy momma's day 
going to sleep. big beach day tommorow. love you guys. nite. 
ok.  i got my nails done to day an the are sweet.
happy mothers day  going to the zoo... i have to wake up at 9:30 oh god noo!!!
good day, ya'll! happy mom's day! 
Shopping day.. headin to central chidlom and siam 
happy mum's day! i kinduhh have a major crush on alex johnson from the cab 
home! i dont know what im doing tmrw besides the whole mommys day thing. but then what? feeling awesome  NIGHT YOU GUYS
been high azza bitch all day.... was goody... i missed u twitter 
I used to be in ferris buhler's day off...now i'm in the graduate  -[sotaboys.com]
hey twitter  hows it going? let us know how your day is going
@philipwang lol sweet!!! ...i still have yet to watch the 4th movie  hope ur having a lovely weekend! happy mother's day from aus! =P haha
had an awesome day at the zoo yes2dy!!!!! now gettin ready 4 church  yay!!!
@Beverleyknight enjoy!!!  have a good day. don't forget to twitpic xxx
Morning world x its sunday already i think im guna chill at my house 2day 
@OJthekid LOL yeah ima mama  thanks. happy mama's day and lakers day! i love it!
morrrning! the last day of a random but awesome weekend, gonna round it off in dbar style!  good timezzz.
@gailtwist I hate doing em, but get dragged here by @emzmum... at least it's a beautiful day 
@andrewschof hows u? lovely day here! 
sport-day with charlotte 
is looking at that person from a very different pov.  never thought i'd see this day arrive!
just woke up still in bed  sundays r the shit, its the do nothing day of the week
3 movies for 1 day  ,bye tweeps i gotta go
@ashleeadams sounds like the perfect sunday to me    enjoy your day ashlee!!
working on powerpoint for uni. all tuckered out from chasing after my two cousins all day. and being with my mama of course! 
@rnbjunkie00 good mornin! isn't it a beautiful day?! 
@janabelle_xo hahaha. well i think he is  i love his hair. ill have it one day &lt;3
feliz day de las madres, i love my mother and my godmommy 
@Conoroconnor you're 4 ranks happier than me - gonna have to smile for the rest of the day           
got my hair to look kinda like taylor swift , going to ohio, happy mothers day 
http://bit.ly/9fNiX  sth funny for mothers day 
alright off to the astros game with my mom...bbl...yall have a great day 
Currently workin'...and enjoying fishin' opening day! 
@jcutaia day 3 of mcdonalds breakfast &amp; gum  oh and some beer and weed...how healthy am i?!
day off tomorow,  hells yeah
Happiie motherz day  mah mama aint here T_T owell i got ova iyt 
is relieved it's not mother's day in france 
really tiredddd. i don't wanna go to school tomorrow, ughhh. btw;happy momma day! 
waitin for my close to dry so i can go to walmart ;) . finish my book!! then cookout for mommy's day  &lt;3
oh starbucks  you make my day!
listened to breakfast with the beatles on my sunday morning drive to work from n. scottsdale. happy mother's day mommies 
going 2 simi 2day 
@OfficialLucasT hello lucas. how are you on this fabulous day? 
@CourtCosmetics thats amazing! lol tell your mom i said happy 70's themed party day 
@officialnjonas that's so sweet, tell her happy mother's day from me, lols 
hmmm after mommy's day bfast, i think i'm going to continue my quest for more itunes!!  lol...such a riveting day i have planned.
enjoying the weekend in san antonio,tx! back to work on tuesday. happy mother's day, even if your only children are dogs! 
hmmm taking back sunday gets better every day i hear them 
happy late mother's day oh and i got a 95 on that fricken project! 
@taylorswift13  hi taylor! how was the day of the mothers there? 
oh happy day 
@jessicakorman sorry was sleepy all day, it was a bit cloudy and i feel me like i dont want awake all day  but in generally i m ok, &amp; u?
@robertd_16 ei rob  it's monday here already  and my day is just dandy  i hope yours too 
@ladymd had a great day, didn't realize it's so late, and yes the baldwin is a regular  i like the pic of your mouth 
@paul13nov I also wonder how this killionaire person gets 10000 points a day. And I don't use noobtubes, I use the shotgun, my favorite 
spent a wonderful day @ disney's calif adventure!! really don't wanna get all mushy on the worldwideweb but he's truly amazing. 
Oh damn!way 2 extremly tired. goood day 2day tho.im a happy camper.  2maro should be good also. sweet. Gooodnight my following friends. 
i dont think you meant to say goodbye  but it's okay. there's always another day!!
it was a good day... learned how i can be better at my job, got my cardio in and got to watch the lost finale with andy 
@leah_shay i really like your picture! you so purty! hope you had a good 1st day of class 
being a diehard is a tough tough job  hahah with luisa drooling about archie and our long but real lucky day!
will pray all day.  http://plurk.com/p/tp7m3
@BrynInLiverpool oh, it was a reply to the 'hamfatter should be worried' post you made the other day. 
@dsmpublishing Yes, nice day, except for #fixreplies problem.  
About to lay it down- but not befoore praying for a good day 2moro 
@nikkiwoods  twit vamp headin on out...  have a great day... miss nikki!    ~ gone
@ezrabutler @ozsultan @brett every day? all of you? what dedication 
hi ppl how we all 2day then? good i hope?? just had breakfast,checking orders, such fun lol 
@AnnCurry I'm grateful to be employed! And, btw - I liked your puffy shirt the other day! 
okely dokely well im off to bed twitterheads, have a good nite or day? 
@maybellinete  I was just telling @JuliaRosien my running game 4 2day!  I couldn't do it w/o yas! 
criminal minds day! and holy faster internets, batman! We upgraded last week 
@LaGraphixGirl your day has just begun huh   You are going to feel it tomorrow hehe
has a day off - yippee 
hope u all ave a gr8t day n weekend  hugs 4 all my followers nx
green day's new album '21st century breakdown' comes out tomorrow in aus!  i must buy!
@unashamed88 hey!!! I love you!!! it was romans 13:8-14! have a great day!! 
Right, off to sort my day out  be back tonight twits!  xxx
g'morning! happy #biketowork day  off to my station: http://marinbike.org/Events/BTWD/2009/EnergizerStns.shtml
@viva_news hello  how's your day?
@RonBlanco B'Star le-what? maybe your firefly/serenity thing?  how's your day?
@hotvogue Yes  How was your day?
heading up to orange county for a mini spa day to celebrate end of semester with tara! yay 
http://twitpic.com/55ewk - die spd beim red nose day 
i am having such a procrastintor day! oh well. its my friday!!! 
guess 10 hours of sleep was a lil too much!    off to do whatever it is I do on a day when I have no plans!
gym, going to the restaurant to see whats up and then gina is coming over tn  seems like a good day to me..i love having off haha
@marty0518 thx, I had a nice day today. 
havin a better day  out wit the old..... in wit the new
@DMAKron good here  cleaning house and enjoyin the day 
the green day album arrived today! ty amazon for sending it early. yay! 
Reading, hope tomarrow will be a good day . 
is laughing at jamie's status!  i want to go shopping too! lolz. anywho, i had a fun day with toddy.
@SupathickMami so...how's ur day been minus the hacking gurl? 
watching last chance harvey   modern day an affair to remember   frustratingly enjoyable!
Long day, killed noobs, ran stratholme, and realised something very important   
dancing all day tomorrow!  so nervous thooo... gettin some zzz's XoXo
so boreddd. trying to get photoshop back to see if i have any of my skills from back in the day left aahah nerdd 
So today has been fail after fail after fail.. Despite that, I had a great day   Now relaxing to this: http://tinyurl.com/pkg92w
@edieeee that's cause green day freakin pwns 
@chazdrums its alrighr bro I didnt do nothing for it but hey I'll make it to your 12th B-day  ..lol
Longgg day  cant wait for celtics game tomm. it's gonnna b the bestt.
@DaRealsebastian aye...havent chatted with you all day. imma punch you 
had a lovely day with sis 
@CarroHombres thanx carmen! im feeling a bit better now  so how was the day with the family?? =]
The day had been set  thx god
last day of work tomorrow before disney world.. wooo 
fun day w/ @pluz1991  we gotta secret &amp; we'll never tell anyone xo
@CenaFromDROP yo cop that album..dipset all day 
great day, gnight to my peeps   love yall
@Infamous_franki ok...at least once a day 
did u noee a broken clock is right twice a day???  some great words of wisdone there kinda  lolz
today is the day we go to collect the canoe hubby bought on ebay 
just enrolled in a random 2 day tafe course for animal training hahaha 
We both have to live our seperate lives until we finally until one day we gaze into eachothers eyes 
the day after... -.- what a fucking feeling 
w00t! the day is done &amp; i survived the shit storm (almost) unscathed! time for reno 911, leftovers &amp; ambien dreamsss! 
looking forward to spending the day with julie,off for dinner and a film. angels and demons. 
@kidOhri oh yes thats true  i think i would also drive to austria for them . when will arrive at the concert day?
well nights gone, tiring ass day 
jus woke!! looks like a lovely day!! off shoppin shortly  x x
just up, it's still a bitty early for a sunday... on a brighter note; lovely day outside 
im in love with a fairytale  in 3 day off to poland!*-*
Yesterdays download day for tokio hotel was a succeed here in sweden 
its a nice day..sun is shining in germany 
2nd day building the ktichen....pretty exausting...but still exciting  http://www.myspace.com/bobbylongstreetteamgerman
walking the whoole day in crappy shoes. ugh. but i bought my own pick! @Saraaamae should be prouddd 
@GuiltTripper .. replay the entire day. And tell your brother I say hi 
yes, im tweeting like a mofo. i only did about 2 or 3 all day yesterday, so catching up! 
had a real bad hangova 2day but an awsum nite out!!! 
thanks to the computer virus', m, t+family have to come over next weekend. only for a day tho 
woo green day live from abbey road, yes! i have to get the new album. american idiot rocked! 
im having a lazy day . . . been in my pj's all day making my scrap book ! 
@TheFunnyJosh yeah i'm pretty much out of my mind.... hopefully the day will go quick!!! 
bday pic of the day   http://twitpic.com/5cvqy
@Louisalytton hiya, you having a good day? 
@billydecola i wish i have a chance to live in tokyo one day 
@dora34  You just described my perfect day.  
@serenajwilliams hey serena. hows paris? i dream of going one day... been shopping lately? 
aquarium and nutella cappacinos on this rainy day in boston 
@miguelstdancer oh, can you wish 'happy b-day' to my b. friend @lahmazzonetto? she's 16 
goood morning  its going to be a good day
got new chelsea kit 2day  might get a number on the back not sure who to get yet :S
hanging out with mom all day  its gorgeous in dallas!!!
had breakfest with the mom this morning  not sure what im doing for the rest of the day 
beautiful day here in the lou!  going to get outside and enjoy it! 
@becklarr_x haha asif thats something my dad would say but greenday are amazing i heard their song the other day and got straight into it 
@GarethCliff not at all haha we just came back from a 5 day tour with an international band so we looked ok but felt like poo  
@SamBennington have a nice day too  cya
day n nite i toss n turn keep stressing my mind  lol
nevermind about the tubing...too cold. guess i'll just stay in my pajamas all day again 
@kencamp We're not gonna lose the day at the pc. It's warm-ish out. We will at least go sit out there and not stay cooped up. 
@yousaysuck I have this killzone 2 also, maybe we will play it online one day, perhaps you will follow me to know when?  I follow! 
@YOniya yea I'm shooting a movie that day nd suppose to meet up wit a friend later that evening but I'll try and reschedule so you can go 
@souleyes65 @souleyes65  back at ya girl! have a great day!
@mysugarisraw most of the day, I only had like 20 minutes to my name so i really wanted to say hi  i hope you had fun at the party! 
oh what a lovely day 
waking up and finishing me espresso...then helping me friend out for the day, like a good lil friend 
@ChosenOnePR hahaha I am too I haven't got outta bed all day 
getting everything ready for my first day tom. 
@mileycyrus here in holland we love your song the climb. we are singing it every day. loved your movie   xx
@starleigh2000 I'm going through phases. I wanted him to be online the other day but now, I understand why he isn't and thats fair enough 
@MsCrazedlesbo aww *blush*** thank u darling gesture is returned  .. what u doing for tha day lav
@Jamieed your not on msn! iv been waitin for u 2 come on all day 
@amy_wright It's very hard!! I'd love to be a guy for a day. 
If the lakers win.. I will stop complaining (mostly lol) about my horrible day. Because that will be enough for me  maybe it'll cure me!
wii fit, all day . 
lovely day walking round paris 
@tittiebaby You shouldn't be tryna b sexy on sunday . . it's the lords day 
@NutritionExpert we're all so different huh? I need 6 minimeals a day or I cavegrabsugar 
ahhh chillin on my day offf 
@ohsnapandrew  its okayyyy! so hows yer day going ?
it's god damn beatiful out. i have to work all god damn day but tomorrow will be nice too. 
@mileless this is a better accessory than boys any day  http://twitpic.com/5ehty
&quot;a day without laughter is a wasted day&quot;... laughed alot to day.. success 
good day with my bff 
i had a nice day, tell me about urs 
@twasadark thats so cool! one day i will meet a spn person! they all seem so awesome! 
@robert_day26 need to holla at his fellow detroiter... riiiight???  lol
finally working on my soc final. damn i'm such a slacker.  last day tomorrow!
such a good fucking day. 
I'm sitting here listening too don't fight the feeling by day26 from there first cd omg this song is the ish love it 
@rebeccao372 gym in a mo then letters to write and boxes to pack  good full day
@ddlovato You are worthy of anything.  You work your ass off like every single day. 
@Khushee yeah I think it is going around,my friend had it before I did and now ive got it,glad that you had a good day 
@piaguanio have a great day too ms. pia! 
@SarahBrown10 aww thank you,  well i hav 2 go 2 the hospital 2day 4 sum physio. *groan* i bet u hav a mor interestin day! x
@day_b nope i'm off today  and the sun is shinin.... What more could i ask for...? (i think someone has slipped somethin in my tea)
@rebeccadeleon oh how i miss and looove austria! one day i'll go back... 
@yasir_ibrahim I'll be working half-day while starting acompany with a friend 
@katyperry that sucks - happens to me everytime I go to europe :/  by the way if you reply to me it will make my day  &amp; I loove your songs
@emmahaslett going to be a big news day on thursday when we launch the new findababysitter.com   http://bit.ly/mhAd2
@frak sounds like your having a more day and then me then 
is watching this mornin  but wants to watch the hills all day long
Just one day and we are off racing to england (www.nsr.nl) 
i had such an amazing day yesterday!! i forgot how much fun parks were, and a midnight bbq  yusss!! haha  xxx
slept alll day. 
is goin to bed, nite all  2mrra's a new day...thank god!
I'm glad I booked half day off. It's making monday worth appreciate  half an hour to go wee hee
getting ready for skool. YAY its an a-day 
@binarylife Have a great day, hope to catch up with you later. Wish I was in town hehe 
has got to go back to her shitty lesson all i wanna do is listen to mcfly all day long yipeeeeeeeeeee 
@renee_66 hello i dont know if your on but me and annaliese are allowed to come tomorrow   shall be an awesome day  xx
ooof that chap that came into the office then was bloody lovely looking feller  lol thats my excitement for the day...
@bkmacdaddy lol  pleasure!  hehe it's day here.. hehe how's things with you?
@twisted4you I hear ya...seems like 4-5 days is all we need, watch they extend it to a 7 day cruise! 
@nicole85 gd first day? 
g'morning twittees! hope evry1 has a prosperous day! 
is wishing I didn't think so much...off to watch some tv and some random stuff...have a great day everyone  haha wow I love twitter.
@Sugasab well. always a day like this. so it's a little bit normal.. like shakespeare said: to be or not to be... motivated! 
oh happy day.  
@FatCheekz lol oh  what's good 4 2day???
@samartha88 ohh... then i dont know ... sprain ur ankle or sth as we suggested on the other day 
my exam was easy today  lol and i was in asda at lunch at got excited wen i saw the mcfly dvd is a cd boxx haha  funny day 
ok bbygirl I love u  have a good day sweetheart :3
oh wat a sunny day  time for fun and bbq wit da prenss!
aaah nothing like a belly dance workout to start the day 
You must be tired, cause you've been running through my mind all day  hahahaha
has had the most amazing day every . love u so much adam  hehe....now time to throw the music on n tidy my pig sty wish me luck  xx
@mistygirlph I hear ya... I didn't tweet much yesterday, and I started to have withdrawal symptoms by the end of the day. 
1st new video of the day!  http://bit.ly/UWYs1
what a beautiful day in berlin 
@MarvMilly  u better!! workin all day everyday-- man u already know this.
It's a beautiful day in texas 
http://twitpic.com/5fevv - watching victoria day parade in woodstock with shelby and smokin weed 
lovin my guy &amp; looking forward to the day 
@avenalee i see u rep hip-hop all day..word up 
just looking over the alton towers photos from october... man that was a long day, but it was excellent! 
hittin the sheets a lil early. hopefully a good day tomorrow. goodlookin out jenn. 
last day at 6th form and im going as a pregnant chav its going 2 b a funny day! 
This day is awesome. :-bd @innaraymundo, if you know what I mean. 
at work for now.... today will be a good day!  my best friend nadine, maxi and dex will come to my house )) i jump for joy! 
@sevinfootongue...oh, I am sorry. I have been on a boat and in the sun all day...my bad. 
@JustJane222 wit a flash lite in da day time..he aint hard to find 
Does nyone notice how repetitive school is? the one gud thing about 2day was we had a nice sub for drama so we didnt exactly do much work 
is up and ready to have a gooood day with her bestie  
@EROCC my quake buddy is in his 3rd dream right now lol ill be up @ 10 am 2morrow cuz its myg day off 
@delamarRX931 hi del.it must be your lucky day. 
@enterbelladonna  sorry I didnt see it was your birthday earlier...I hope you had an amazingly blessed day hun 
After a long day I'm finally calling it a night..cnt front I did have a good time with the kidd 
just had an awesome day with an old buddy, brian 
@samantharonson that's probably the funniest thing I've heard all day! 
@georgiaface Thats sounds cool ... have a good day 
@Swizec air condition? hahaha  nope. the whole computer lab where i'll be is on the sunny side. the whole day.
@james_brooks morning - have a great day 
@leebryant ah server crashes don't take in account 4-day weekends  (at least in the netherlands). good luck!
@weeyin13 It put a smile on my face on this nice sunny scottish friday morning  I think its going to be a good day
@nickybyrneoffic nice day )) from sunny germany 
waiting for my amazing bestfriend to arrive, yaaaaay  friday nights together remind me of primary days lol!
going to hang out whit my lill brow to day..  long time..
@erinheartsroxy is my baby     it's time for me to man up. One day it's gonna happen, one day, you'll see.
one more day till i'm 17 woop woop 
mmmm, a day filled with movies, junk food and girlies....good times! 
lastttt day of schoool then a litttle breakkk   sat-chillen/tanning w/ my sister sun- ears pierced! [: mon- coookout w/ the fammm :] &amp;more
finally!!! the day is over!!! i can finally relax  i need to sing...hehehe...videoke time!
@MAvilez3 whyd u leave me alone?? but i kno why... love u mr O day!!  i feel u!
@ibu666 I think I'm gonna play all weekend on ps3 with my new game  and maybe spend some day in the park reading a book.
@2NiteBoy i love how excited you get when im online. hahah. my day is awesome. hows yours? 
remember when you get drunk you feel ill in the morning! lol let da good times roll 
Is lookin 4ward to a long weekend  really dont want to go to work 2day tho =[ x
@hellzyea moving day is approaching could use u bruh 
@VodafoneUK is ther another magic 2day? ...in manchester... 
Today my hopes are positive, another sunless day and beatles in my ears. Feeling mellow 
Heading to work for the day...the rumor is we get to leave a little early....hmmmm 
@hothusband_01 aww mommies should be immune LOL maybe she just had a lil cough ....we can help nurse her back to health  have a good day
prom set up all day. ughh. but tonight's going to be fun 
@jordanknight have a wonderful day sweetheart!  i gotta find a way to see you guys this summer(still bummed about our florida shows)..
@john_hunter mate that is every day, as reading journals just ain't that much fun where as procrastination is  
@brightondoll ohhhh, three day weekends are always good! 
ok, going to work to get this day over with... i'm ready for my long weekend plz 
@davidwhittam yeah I know, I meant ur peeps  to me it's quite the opposite, my day is going so fast
last day in the sault! homeward bound with a bit of a detour?!  back to the real world on monday.. vacay just starting? I THINK SO!! 
Todays a good day. In ss were watching a movie. We have an assembly in fourth per and i didnt do my hw forthat class 
is going to day two of the grant roberts show. 
@whoopsie Thanks  I was in a silly mood that day!
@bobbyedner fav vfc song.. hmm.. lost then found ...i think.. haha idk! i think it changes every day 
@tcharper a normal day in hastings then 
Jos de Ripvos   oh how i'm waiting for the day i graduate &amp; i can tell him what i really think of him in his face!
listening to green day's live album...reminds me of the night billie joe armstrong booted me in the shoulder while i was on pit duty 
my life is boring!  but 2day is friday
@bigbinks oh thats wonderfull nothing better then that to start the day right 
just wants rod to know... I'm thinkin of ya  hope u have a great day buddy!
Yes! Last day!   
Its jean day on yall fools  good morning peeps
@jdpeck16 have a wonderful day tomo!  all the best and have a blast ;)
@cissypeoples omg ur soo right! I totally forgot. You just made my day 
so bored...excited thts its my last day of school tho 
@Kikirowr, hey, I'd kill for an unplanned day. 
Heading to the jersey shore for the day with leo 
starbucks and a cupcake...great start to this beautiful day 
awake soo early for danis 19th birthday  goin to the lake for the day then stevie g's tonight wooo!! still jealous of a certain person ...
ahhh..its guna be a great day..payday is my favorite holiday  lol
@fallsvillager Yes, I saw the other day. when M. posted. You know I am a dedicated B&amp;G peson. 
slept in too late. lots to do, little time to do it in. shoot...oh well its still a good day 
@nocturne79 hello sist  hows ur day?
its pay day @ShannoneeStar ?? lets go shoppin 
friday at last uh!!! what a cool party day 
ooooooooo!!! I just got a text from my love!!! What a wonderful way to start my day, now I'm thinking this is gonna be a great day 
@suburbansingle definitely a good shine! gotta be aerodynamic for race day 
Yet another day of jury duty. But, sleeping over at anna's! 
is ready for bed hehe its been a very long and tiring day! yaya bring on the weekend 
Gooodmorning ! Feeels like its gunna be a good day 
TGIF even though i got to sleep in, and now I can just chill on my pjs all day. il long weekends. 
@VentnorBlog well have 1 day off,even 10 mins in the sun tweeting...cant be any harm 
It's leslie elaine reardon day  yay suck it cassie 
mmmmm jazz all day!!!  text it  5037379940
good morninggggg everyone, beautiful day in nyc, loving it 
morning twitter villans its a beautifull day out   off to run some errands =( and maybe pamper myself bc i diserve it 
@CritiktheDj hope u havin a good day 
sam and jenn are coming over to make my day start off wonderfully  i love them. okay.
i was waiting in the doctors the other day and her diamonds came on, my cheeks were hurting from smiling hehe  x x
gooooooodd morninggggg stupid finalsss 2day then in skool suspension after skoool lol 
having an awesome day! cant wait until tonight!! ahahahaha!! word of the day; piercing.  &lt;3
drinking java chip frappuccino and watching tv  I'm not planning on studying anything 2day 
@samthrax well my alarm was set for 810.. I got outta bed at 945.. Fridays my one day to sleep in 
oh yeah and 3 day weekend 
3 day weekend!! Thats what I am talkin about. 
@KKErwin i'm pretty sure that i have nothing to do every day besides this saturday- can't wait to see you! 
@marsnemmo YAY for haircut day!!! You're gonna love it! 
@iamQuddus yesssssss! thank u for that. it's gettin' my day started right too 
one more day ;) yayayaya..suuuummer. . .fly to london and stalk aston, i think so 
@sabki heyy girl I was gonna text you the other day...did u get thmdk for the 11th? 
interesting day. i have a new piercing  ng.
@willie_day26 You could follow me 
high distinction  last day with alicia :'(
on the ground in knoxville tennessee drinking coke and whiskey and about to goto bed, longggggggg day 
2nd and last tweet of the day. jumping on @therealtimster was probably the best part of my day haha.  GOODNIGHT INTERNET!   -much love.
i want to clean my room. &amp; finish watching the curious case of benjamin button. 2 hours or so to go. seriously can't wait until june 2nd! 
hahaha and charlotte becomes jewish, ahh I need to sleep. school tomorrow then overlee all day again! 
@kirstiealley hello and good morning (from germany)...wish you a good new day. I have to work right now 
thanking god for another great day 
tomorrow will be a busy day, basketball class, champions league final, haircut, lakers vs nuggets with sophie! 
finally a day off  http://method86.wordpress.com/
@ImaPacifist ok,keep chillin' - learned that word the other day too 
my day- hmm could have been better. lets hope tomorrows better  peace :]
Today was a good day   elyssa/goliath/viper/tatsu/rid.rev./dejavu =&lt;3
happu b-day yo me 
thinking this might be a @shortandsweet coffee kinda day. 
chelsea lately then (bed] day with thee sister tomorrow! 
i kinda want to go to bed... then the day can be done and tomorrow can come!  it rhymes. thats cool.
good morning   omg, last day of school... and I missed the #jonaswebcast because I was too tired =( but now I'll go to get ready ! bye xo!
Woot major shopping day tomorrow oh oh lol 
shout out to my bff kat for calling me mon.  the bright spot of my b-day  
spentthe day with aaron!  i need some gold leggings and a trip to boston with mybest frann.
I kno I haven't twittered in a min...been such a busy day and sttil gettin used to this twitterin each event...but I'm alive  layin i ...
long but good day  although i am feeling a little ill, but im sure i'll survive! bed asap.
dedicated as in 'located within library org chart'. Not dedicated as in 'they turn up to work every day with a smile...&quot;  
I would like to thank mr valvano from fms for seating me &amp; kim next to each other that 1st day of 6th grade 
@REALCharmBreeZy ther  u  r! havent talked 2 u 2day how u ? 
Skylar I'm not mean! =( I'm nice  And cris, yeah field day tomorrow and yes we eat
my best friend visted @ the studio couldnt have a more perfect day number 1 qouestion asked how old are u im : 16 now 
@therealTiffany check it out epi. haha it makes me smile everytime! you need to make me a check it out video one day! i loveee it 
@tweenkle77 yep, it aint a day ending in 'Y' if I aint in trouble 
off to my friend's crib. gotta celebrate this day! laterrr tweetlings! 
A long day of unpacking and cleaning the new place getting it ready for the fam to come 2morrow  I can't wait, I'm gonna cook them dinner
Relaxing, long day at the z00 with my fam bam. 
@bluestreak23 Haha yep its definitely not going to be done in a day that's for sure 
good day today....good night 2 ery1 ............ i loveeee kesha! nd missssss her rofl  remember ! we gon be drinkn margaritas on da beach
@allyXwebb thats what im doing, and ive been doing it all day haha 
tis a beautiful sunny day   and I'm going ice skating..... squee!
The day has started nicely... the probs getting solved within 30 mins 
@marie__p Seriously - I could probably spend my day just reading your #3wordsaftersex - it is hilarious  LOL
@Mxstr Congratssssss! have a nice day n nite 
good morning tweeple..enjoyin my second day off...abt to meet 'her' 
@dividedsequence aww hahaha I'm good, got the day off today and I'm getting ready to go to my best friend's graduation in a while! 
@ddlovato OMGWTFDQ?! im so happy now  you've made my day, scratch that , my week!! ily xx
hello all I was out all day yesterday but a friend reminded me to book a hair appt so I've got one for 12.30 
LOL of the day  http://www.myvideo.nl/watch/6387632
Is wiped out. But had an amazing california day, so it's totally worth it. 
Morning everyone its a lush day here again  if im not on later have a good day peeps ! xx
@samuelarce so your entire day was spent doing chores ay??!! that sounds like sooo much fun 
watching dvd all day long ,hmm discover some new hottie boys 
