Most common words for this cluster:
[('day', 762), ('mother', 703), ('happy', 676), ('moms', 83), ('mom', 73), ('mothers', 59), ('today', 33), ('mommy', 31), ('everyone', 30), ('i', 30), ('hope', 23), ('quot', 22)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Happy', 0.7668996453285217), (u'Day', 0.7167899012565613), (u'Mother', 0.7049592137336731), (u'Happy_Belated', 0.6753785014152527), (u'Blog_Hoggers', 0.6178017854690552), (u'Actor_Jeremy_Northam', 0.6173490881919861), (u'Happy_Hump', 0.6075654029846191), (u'Julie_Gilkay_column', 0.6066455841064453), (u'Soldier_Surprises', 0.6048220992088318), (u'LifeFiles', 0.5965530872344971)]





Part 1: Happy Mother's to my mama. Luv and miss u soooooo very  much. It's almost 4 years, 4 YEARS, i didnt give her any kiss or hug 
@JackieInChgo Sick kid...oh no    Umm Happy Mother's Day?!
I need more twitter friends.  Happy Mother's Day!  
Happy Mother's Day to me 
My 8 yr. old refused to go to sleep until the clock struck 12 so he could be the first to say Happy Mother's Day to me.  I love my kids.
Happy Mother's Day @addikshun.. Even though I rarely see you any more 
Happy Mother's Day!  People, send me load. 
Happy Mother's Day! My mom's present is still at school and unglazed. 
Went to Chili's for dinner, ate to much got new earrings!! ... I hate my ear lobes  oh &amp; Happy Mother's Day to all the mums out there~!
Oh, let's be optimistic, Ann!   Happy Mother's Day!
Happy Mother's Day!  I gotta go to work! 
is time to put on that nerd glasses and dusty books back  btw Happy Mother's Day 
I miss my mommy!  So sad I can't be with her on this day. *Happy Mother's Day* to all the mothers out there! What would we do without you?
@michaelgrainger If I had time to beg, I wud. I have 2 go to work. Happy Mother's day to me! I'll have a better time there probably! 
Happy Mother's Day to all Mothers!! XD... just watching the tely.. no good showss.... bummer... 
Happy Mother's day to all you guys...I am missing my mumma...(i'm away from home) 
Happy Mother's Day all.  Weather looks iffy here today- overcast and wet.  I have to work today anyway. No gardening done here! 
Happy Mother's Day to all Kind of a sad day for me first one without my own mother who died just over 2 months ago now 
Happy Mother's Day, mommy.  Hope you like the card and matching apron and potholder set. I know it's a poor substitute for your son. 
Needs a darn body massage.  Happy Mother's Day! Wish I coukd spend it w/ my mommy but doesn,t seem like its gonna happen - plan failed 
Happy Mother's Day!  I'm going to work for 5 hours because I wasn't on the ball enough to ask for it off 
@AkashaTheKitty *pets you* drabble troubles  ...  Happy Mother's Day ;D
C's mom has to work today.      Happy Mother's Day to all. Keep looking after me from wherever you are, Jackie.
Happy Mother's Day -- got a LONG day ahead! Heading 2 the beach &amp; then a 9 hr drive home 
Happy Mother's Day to all the great mothers out there! Lovin' on my little babies. Out for dinner tonight. What else today? Miss Daniel. 
is Happy Mother's day, wishing she were at home and still bed, it's going to be a really long day. 
Happy Mother's Day...my mommy is in Finland  wish she was here...
Happy Mother's Day to all the hot mamas out there! I will be missing my son today he is away for army stuff in VA. 
Happy Mother's Day.  My wife's sick, so we won't be able to execute on the carefully laid plans made for the day. 
Spending my mother's day in a straight colonial fashion...without electricity, thanks to yesterday's storm.   Happy Mother's Day to all!
Happy Mother's Day to all my friends, family, followers, stalkers &amp; random strangers. If I forgot you, it's because your mom asked me to 
Wishing everyone a Happy Mother's Day....as I study.... 
I get to clean and take care of my kids this morning while my man sleeps in. Happy freaking Mother's Day. 
Just got a Happy Mother's Day text from Mike. I miss him tons.  This is the first Mother's Day w/o all my kids. 
Happy Mother's Day..Working all day ugh 
Happy Mother's Day!!!! I wish I was with mine today 
Why do people call at 7am to wish you a Happy Mother's Day? 3 people all in a row. Nice gesture but now I can't get back to sleep 
Good night earthlings. Happy Mother's Day!  Its monday tommorrow &amp; school 
Yao Ming is done for the season.  Happy Mother's Day! 
Eating alone, my husband has to work!  Oh &amp; walked in to wake up my little angel and she was is wearin with a Happy Mother's Day onesie.
@rediscover_me Kita was up at 6.    Happy Mother's Day, gf.
Thanks! Happy Mother's Day to u 2 ... We're still dragging around here... 
Happy Mother's Day!&lt;3 i'm not gonna be with my mom today  figuring out plans for the day!
@pethead cos I have sore throat  ...however Happy Mother's Day!!
is wishing his mom a very Happy Mother's Day &amp; his older sister an awesome 29th birthday &amp; Mother's Day! . Gym, pack &amp; goodbye Stilly 
Happy Mother's Day to all! Wish I was enjoying mine a little more Migraine started last night and hasn't let up yet 
Happy Mother's Day to all the hot mamas out there! I'll be here missing my mommy. 
is wishing everyone a Happy Mother's Day and taking care of a sick Blake 
I'm so used to not being home on the holidays  Happy Mother's Day! Esp to my mommie she is the SugaHoneyIceTea! &amp; My sissy her first one!
Happy Mother's Day!  I miss my mami...  
@myrafur Aww.  Happy Mother's Day, sweety. *gives you cyber hugs and foot rubs*
once again... Happy Mother's Day to all!!! [I wont get to see my mommy for another week  but i sent her a coooooool e-card!] 
Happy Mother's Day!! I will celebrate by working 12:15-8.  FML
Happy Mother's Day!! I wish I could be there w/ my mommy  But she got my flower's &amp; cards!
Hey! No Happy Mother's Day call from my son. I musta been a bad mom. 
Happy Mother's Day! I'm missing my 2 boys away on their trip. 
@spazzgirl Oh, I'm so sorry.   Happy Mother's Day from your Tweeps!
Happy Mother's Day to all my friends here 
@MarthaStewart Wow, you definitely sure do commit lotsa time to Mother Nature! Happy Working on them! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mums 
@HappySlip Happy Mother's Day! 
Happy Mother's Day! She liked the poem. 
says Happy Mother's Day to all Moms out there  http://plurk.com/p/stkr2
Happy Mother's day to all beautiful mother. May your love shines the world  Thank you mum.....
Happy Mother's Day to every mommy out there 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there!! 
Happy Mother's Day! Be sure to say I &lt;3 you, Mum. 
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there! 
Happy Mother's Day MM mums!!!! hope you all have a lovely day  #mamam
Happy Mother's day!  miss my mom so much... Always will be the best mom ever!
Happy Mother's day 
is off to Tagaytay with the family! Happy Mum's Day to all you hot momma's 
@fatbellybella lol cute.  BTW Happy Mother's Day lady 
I love my mom! Happy Mother's Day, mommies 
Happy Mother's day mang!!! thank you and i love you  
Happy Mother's Day! 
@Blanquis26  Happy Mother's Day to ya tomorrow 
@mrskutcher Happy Mother's Day!! 
@purplefrogcat Happy Mother's Day to you 
I don't feel any pressure right now...    Happy Mother's Day people...
Happy Mother's Day one day early to all moms everywhere---you deserve to have your own day.  
Happy Mother's Day!!!  I'm at the beach with my family. It's a warm, clear night with a beautiful full moon...
@mariramos hola Mari. Happy Mother's Day! Enjoy the family and the beach 
wants to wish all the moms a Happy Mother's Day.  Hope you're all treated like Queens! 
Happy Mother's Day, @ninalo 
Happy Mother's Dayyyy. Love you mummyyyyyyyy 
@deleise @nataliewitcher I miss all you OK girls.    Happy Mother's Day to all y'all.
Wishing all a Wonderful and Happy Mother's Day 
Happy Mother's Day! 
Happy Mother's day! Sent msg to mom and got her phone call. I wish one day we can live in the same city so I can take care of her. 
@howie_d Wish Leigh a Happy Mother's Day for me! It's midnight in NY 
It is officially Mother's Day! Happy Mother's Day to all! 
Good Night,  Happy Mother's Day !!   
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms! If you're an awesome mom, you'll help #savechuck 
Happy Mother's Day to all to all the wonderful moms out there.  -Matalatine
Happy Mother's Day  #mothersday
Happy Mother's Day! 
Happy Mother's Day to all of the mothers and mothers-to-be  My mom is getting a special gift from me today 
12:06am and my &quot;him&quot; is officially the 1st one to say Happy Mother's Day to me   I love it!!!
Happy Mother's Day to all you mother's in Twitterville! 
Happy Mother's Day to all mothers! 
Happy Mother's Day :] I lovee you mami 
Signing off to spend time with my hubby   Goodnight / day tweeple!   Have a very Happy Mother's Day!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there! Goodnight to everyone else 
Happy Mother's Day to all my fellow Montreal Blockheads who are moms  I'll join the club...one day! LOL
Happy Mother's Day to all you moms out there 
Goodknight Twitterland! Happy Mother's Day to all you blockhead mommas! Have a wonderful day! 
Happy Mother's Day! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the Ladies... With all the moments we cherish with our children, today let those moments cherish you in return. 
Happy Mother's Day 2 all the fabulous moms out there. The world wouldn't run without us. Keep up the good work! Enjoy ur day 
I am off to bed now....my family has a wonderful day planned for me today      Happy Mother's Day 
Going to bed, busy day tomorrow...Happy Mother's Day Madre! Te Amo! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there! 
Incase I forget, Happy Mother's Day to all you moms out there, and to my mommy. The very best one in the world 
Happy Mother's Day to all of the woman and the men who made them mothers. 
@AlexAllTimeLow Happy Mother's Day hahaha 
Happy Mother's Day mom 
Happy Mother's day! Going to cook something, thank goodness there's tablespotting 
I'm sending a Happy Mama's Day shout to the greatest Twit-mama ever to @NikkiWoods... U kick ass, all day - everyday! Lovely sons!! 
@LadyKadi Happy Mother's Day, Kadi!! 
Happy Mother's Day Mama bear 
Happy Mother's Day to all the amazing women who put up with us crazy, demanding children. Thank you.  Very very much.
@ all mothers, Happy Mother's Day, at all non-mothers, Happy Sunday, the 10th of May. 
Happy Mother's Day! I love my mommy 
Happy Mother's day to all the wonderful mommies out there  I LOVE YOU MOM!!
Happy Mother's Day to everyone's mothers, mothers-to-be, grandmothers, great grandmothers...All the WOMEN! I salute you all 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mommies out there...we love you.  
Woo CAVS.  Happy Mother's Day! 
Bout to go to bed... Happy Mother's Day ladies .... especially all th 1s who takin care of thier kids alone..n I Love U Momma 
A Happy Mother's Day to all moms and soon to be mom's out there. 
Happy Mother's Day! Justin Timberlake's version a mother's day gift.. http://bit.ly/6fGxd  -- too funny!!! 
wishes Happy Mother's Day! 
@judielise @PopandIce Wish you both a very Happy and Fabulous Mother's Day! 
Happy Mother's day to all the mom's out there in twitter-land! 
@BeckyLopez Happy Mother's Day! 
Wishing all the Mama's out there a very Organic Happy Mother's Day  
Nothing exciting from me tonight....got some new toys to play with though  Happy Mother's Day Ladies
is getting ready for bed. Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there! 
Wishing all Mothers Happy Mother's Day 
Happy Mother's Day to all mothers out there!  I am not one myself, but I have been called something along those lines 
Wishes @kirstiealley a Happy Mother's Day! 
Time to sign off for the night! Everyone have a great one! To all the mother's out there &quot;Happy Mother's Day&quot;  
Happy Mother's Day mommy and grandma haha  ily
says Happy Mother's Day!  http://plurk.com/p/suqsg
Happy Mother's Day. 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mommys out there 
Wishing everyone a Happy Mother's Day.  xoxo
Whatever you're thankful for in life, make sure you are most thankful to your mother. Happy Mother's Day to all you mothers. 
@MistahFAB Peace Bro, thanks for not just the music, but proudly representing as a father all over - Happy Mother's Day 
says Happy Mother's Day!  http://plurk.com/p/sutar
forgot she had a Twitter account.    Happy Mother's Day!
happy  made 23 necklaces in 24 hours lol Happy Mother's Day to all the Mother's out there
@mrskutcher Happy Mother's Day! I hope you have an awesome day...and a good rest of the night 
Just finished Church. Happy Mother's Day! 
@thiscouldbefun Happy Mother's Day! Hope you have an awesome time with the Bug 
: Happy Mother's Day 
@tallivansunder Too easy! Happy Mother's Day, to a great mom! 
Is...Sayin Happy Mother's Day 2 Everyone!!!!! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there. 
Just want to wish everyond a Happy Mother's Day. Hope it's a great one! 
going to sleep now...5/10/09 &gt; Happy Mother's Day...&amp;...Happy Birthday to ME!!!  
Happy Mother's Day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Happy Mother's Day everyone 
Happy Mother's Day to all mothers 
To every mom, mommy and mother, Happy Mother's Day   Hope you all do something special and fun today.
Happy Mother's Day! 
@TracyAnn_W Happy Stopping by to wish you a Happy Mother's Day. Tracy   Looking forward to meeting you at the concert.  Hugs....Joy
I am so grateful I am your daughter!  Happy Mother's Day, Okasan.  Thank you for everything... always!  
Happy Mother's Day to all the mommies 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers 
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there! Just finished having lunch with my  relatives. I wuv you mommy and granny.  HAHAHA.
Happy Mother's Day to all you tweeting mothers 
wants to greet all the moms a Happy Mother's Day!! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers.    Have a beautifully blessed day!
Happy Mother's Day  http://bit.ly/LRSnG
FINALLY finished studying, 7 pages of double sided notes later... off to cook tea and dessert now. Happy Mother's Day!! 
@carinafox5 Wishing you a very Happy Mother's Day, Carina!!  Hugs...Joy 
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!  You are all amazing, and we would be nowhere without you!  Thanks for being our moms 
@thisgelly @missneecie Happy Mother's Day to both of yall.  from me and my boys...
@DavidArchie Good morning David! Happy Mother's Day to your mom lol. Too bad u can't be with her. She is so awesome! 
This is dedicated to all those moms out there - Happy Mother's Day  ? http://blip.fm/~5z2g9
Happy Mother's day to allMothers, Cheers!! 
Happy Mother's Day to all mothers including my own mom! 
@yinawu Happy Mother's Day  http://bit.ly/iJm54  (my friends made the video)
Happy Mother's Day to all Mums on Twitter 
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mommiessss 
Happy Mother's Day to the tweetin' mamas  Nite tweeple!
Happy Mother's day to all mum's in america 
Happy Mother's Day to every single mom out there. I love my mommy 
Happy Mother's Day. . .  
Happy Mother's Day to yall (and me too!!!) My damn son takin my coolness for a weakness... But it's all good. Keepin it all positive 
@trippingtracy if there's a pow wow in the chicago area, definitely check it out, they're so fun! Happy Mother's Day 
Happy Mother's Day all of the mom's around the world!  I love mine more than anything in the world and can't wait to celebrate! WOO!
Morning tweeps  Looking forward to a relaxing Sunday. Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there! Do have a good and enjoyable day 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mums out there, old &amp; new. 
Happy Mother's Day! 
Happy Mother's Day 
@mrskutcher A man loves his sweetheart the most, his wife the best, but his mother the longest. Happy Mother's Day 
@CptCswife Thanks!!!!  Happy Mother's day to you too!!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers!! 
Woah!! Awesome show!! Glad to be back at the hotel, though.. Nightie night and Happy Mother's Day to all you mommy's!! 
Wishing all MOMs a very Happy Mother's Day!! 
Happy Mother's Daaay!! 
Happy Mother's Day everyone.  
Happy Mother's Day x3 ..Mum? I love you 
Happy Mother's Day!  http://tinyurl.com/re74xc
is home whoott. Happy Mother's Day Madre 
@JonathanRKnight @jordanknight Happy Mother's Day to your Mum 
#Happy Mother's Day euch allen 
Sheena Othman Happy Mother's Day to all mothers in the world......  I'm yet to experience the joy of being a m.. 31: Sorry, but you ha ...
wishes a Happy Mother's Day to all mothers! Especially her own.  http://plurk.com/p/svg9d
Happy Mother's Day! 
Happy Mother's Day, amma!  I made u cake, remember? U loved it! 
Happy Mother's Day! 
Happy Mother's Day! 
@lilbumbles Happy Mother's Day to the only mother I have on my list! 
Happy Mother's Day ~ and for single dads who plays both mom and dad role enjoy your day too 
@_NyLana_ An! Happy Mother's Day! 
@Grannny63 Happy Mother's Day!  Hugs~
@camilleprats Happy Mother's Day! 
says Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there. 
Yay Happy Mother's Day  #fb
Happy Mother's day to all mothers including mom-to-be and moms of 4 legged kids 
Happy Mother's Day.....................I had a gr8 day with my kids &amp; my MUM 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers...time for me to hit the hay! much love my tweeps! 
Happy Mother's Day @shannon180 
Happy Mother's Day to all Mothers out there 
Happy Mother's Day Mommies 
Happy Mother's Day! 
is wishing all of the mother's out there a very Happy Mother's Day!! Love ya! 
Happy Mother's Day 
Happy Mother's Day to all your wonderful moms! 
Happy Mother's Day !  I feel blessed on this day to have wonderful son who is also my best friend 
Happy Mother's Day to all the American mamas! 
Happy Mother's Day ! 
Happy Mother's day VALK!! 
@jordanknight Please wish your wife Evelyn a Happy Mother's Day for me and tell her I hope that she has a wonderful day. Spoil her today. 
Happy Mother's Day 
@nicolejacinto Ahh, your baby is so cute! Happy Mother's Day! 
@Wattyz You got it! YAAAY!!! I was really worried your phone wouldn't fit, so glad it does!  Happy Mother's Day, lol!
Happy Mother's Day to all you moms out there 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mamas out there 
Happy Mother's Day to all my favorite moms. 
GM Tweeters! Happy Mother's Day to the mothers and pretend mothers out there! 
Happy Mother's Day!  @&gt;---&gt;---&gt;--- A rose for YOU!  
Happy Mother's Day! It will be a good day 
Happy Mother's Day to all my twitter moms (including myself)  
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mommies out there, be you woman or man as long as you're 'momma' to someone this is your day! 
Good Morning Everyone and Happy Mommy's Day ok, Happy Mother's Day 
http://twitpic.com/4wuyt - Happy Mother's dAy to all the moms out there 
@mscynt If ur a mother - Happy Mother's Day to u too. I gre up on Black Beat and Right On by the way! 
@nicolerichie Happy Mother's Day. 
Happy Mother's Day to all Mothers and happy children's day to all who have them! 
Happy Mother's Day to me 
Happy Mother's Day to all my mommy followers! I hope you have a great day! Let them pamper you 
Happy Mother's Day to all you mommys 
out all day.  Happy Mother's Day!
Happy Mother's Day! Especially to @saundrakay. Yep, that's my mama!!!   
: Happy Mother's Day to all the moms I know, it's a hard job and you all rock it! 
Happy Mother's Day! 
Happy Mother's Day to all 
BlahBlahBlah. Good Morning. Happy Mother's Day. 
Happy Mother's Day to all the lovely mothers out there. 
says Good morning and Happy Mother's Day to you!  http://plurk.com/p/swdyj
good morning twitter. Happy Mother's Day 
@max2sky yes I did thanks...Happy Mother's Day 
Happy Mother's Day, Everymum! Check out today's post - if you know who Mr T is it will make you smile  http://twurl.nl/7dba4l
The blessing of the Lord, it maketh rich, and he addeth no sorrow to it. Proverbs 10:22 Happy Mother's Day  *liv, laf, luv*
@Catnboots You're welcome, and Happy Mother's Day to you too!   I was really enjoying your posts yesterday. 
Happy Mother's Day to all you sweet ladies!  Hope you get to soak in the miracle that our children are today...love to you all 
Happy Mother's Day!  
Happy Mother's Day to everyone!!!!! 
Happy Mother's Day! I have 2 dogs, a kitten and I nanny for 2 little angels...does that count me as a mommy? 
Happy Mother's Day Everyone! 
Happy Mother's Day! 
7 Tip to Stay a Happy Mom and a Mom's Day Tribute http://jennymannion.com/healpain/2009/05/mothersday/ Happy Mother's Day to all moms! 
Off to Buffalo today to spend some quality time with my wife  Happy Mother's Day to all mothers out there!
Happy Mother's Day to all my mama friends!  Hope you get spoiled and pampered today.  
Happy Mother's Day   Headed to la playa
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there! http://steviessigns.blogspot.com/ 
@tracyreneejones awwww girl, shush!! LOL Happy Mama Day to you 
@moonfrye Happy Mother's Day! Beautiful what u r doing for moms  I teared reading stories. Alot of pain and hardship in backyard america.
Happy Mother's Day to my momma tweets! 
Happy Mother's Day! 
@kathystover Happy Mother's Day to you... May you have a great day of celebration of this day.... 
Word to your mother! Happy Mother's Day! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the dog mothers celebrating today 
Happy Mother's day to all the madres out there. 
@andrea_r Happy Mother's Day to you! I hope up by yourself is a good thing 
Happy Mother's day to all, specially to my momma who's in a better place   I love you ma.
Happy Mother's Day! 
@dorvig Happy Mother's Day sweetie!  I hope you're feeling better.  Luv, Julie 
Happy Mother's Day Mamas 
Happy Mother's Day all  Hope you all have a nice day either with your momma's or as a momma! *hugs*
@lenni8  Happy Mother's Day Swat 
Happy Mother's Day, mama's!! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful creative moms on twitter. 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mommies 
Happy Mother's to day to all you mommies out there!! I'm thankful for my 2 beautiful kids 
oh yea, Happy Mother's Day everyone! 
RB TY@NicoleVSanchez: &lt;---Happy Mother's Day to you &amp; to all the moms, and those who function as such  ? http://blip.fm/~5zbak
@--&gt;-----  Happy Mother's Day! 
Wishes his wonderful wife a Happy Mother's Day!!!!!!  
Happy Mother's Day everyone!  Off to church and to Estes Park for the day to celebrate!  Hope the weather agrees!  
Happy Mother's Day!  hanging out with the family.
@lilmo4ever  Happy Mother's day Mo! I hope u have a wonderful &amp; blessed day. 
Good gorgeous morning! And Happy Mother's Day to my favorite mother in the whole wide world - mine 
says Happy Mother's Day! Or just a happy day to all  http://plurk.com/p/swota
@alydenisof Happy first Mother's Day to you. 
Happy Mother's Day 2 all the moms out there 
@marieiris He called it a scratch-n-sniff card! lol! I think he made it in bed last night. I spotted the glue stick.  Happy Mother's Day!
Happy Mother's Day fellow sistahs!!! We get 24 hours, suck em all up   
Happy Mother's Day ! You don't need to even be human to be a mother. I had a job that was a mother once...but that's another story  
Happy Mother's Day!  
Happy Mothers Day to all da Mama's &amp; Mother's to be, Enjoy dis day, take cold advantage of kickn ur feet up &amp; being da diva dat u are 
@Mrsdaughtry Happy Mother's Day! I hope you have a beautiful day, sweetie! 
@noahwesley You get your day in June! But Happy Mother's Day to you and your wife! 
Happy Mother's Day! church, then going to eat at Macaroni Grill 
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!!    And Happy Sunday to all the non-moms. ;)
Happy Mother's Day, to all the stepmoms that no one remembers. You do a great job! 
Happy Mother's Day! Going to Imboden today to see grandmother. 
Wishing a wonderful Happy Mother's Day, to everybody! 
@mrsehl I know I will if it ever gets that bad, usually the walk home isn't so bad...but all is well. PS Happy Mother's Day. 
Happy Mother's Day!!  
Morning! Happy Mother's Day to all the twitter moms. Going to spend the day with my mom-- she's the greatest! 
I don't celebrate &quot;Mother's Day&quot; much @ all. BUT Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there. Greatest job in the world!!! 
Happy Mother's Day 
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there! I will be celebrating by going to Citi Field and watching the Mets sweep the Pirates 
@green_i_girl Happy Mother's Day! How are ya? 
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mama's out there! 
@raina_roo Happy Mother's Day Rains, hope the puppies do something nice for you 
BTW, Happy Mother's Day to all you mommies! 
I'm so lucky to have such a wonderful mommy. I love her.  Happy Mother's Day!!!
Happy Mother's Day to the Mamas! 
Happy Mother`s Day everyone. Have a beautiful day with your families! I`m off to eat pancakes 
Happy Mother's Day to all the great Mamas out there!!! 
Happy Mother's Day!  Hope you're all enjoying the day w/ your mom....I know I will be! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there. 
Happy Mother's Day to all you Mommy's out there...out to breakfast and then the beach with mine 
Happy Mother's Day to all my baby's mamas!  (Hopefully that's just Tami)  
Happy Mother's Day 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mama's out there!!! Have fun today! 
Happy Mother's Day to all of you hard-working women out there!  I hope your day is full of love, laughter and handmade gifts!  
Good Morning Twitterville  Happy Mother's Day
Happy Mother's Day Everyone! Hope it's magical 
@dgnt08 &quot;Happy Mother's Day&quot;!!! I hope it's all about u. Make sure u get pampered. 
Happy Mother's Day! Whole wonderful day has been planned out for mi madre 
Happy Mother's Day to all mothers and mothers to be! 
@seanmurphymusic Happy Mother's Day to your mom 
@lydiawoosley @goodballs Happy Mother's Day 
Happy Mama's Day!  @ihop for pancakes after waking up to cards, flowers, &amp; presents.  Feeling the love 
Happy Mother's Day to your mothers 
Happy Mother's Day! Hope everyone is having a great day. 
Happy Mother's Day Mom! And Happy Mother's Day to all Moms!   
Happy Mother's Day to all the mommas! working 12-7... waiting for the sister to get up so we can give my mom her presents 
Happy Mother's Day all! Our mommas are amazing..go let them know how much! 
@allenmireles Happy Mother's Day! Hope you can make it out tomorrow. You'd be a good representative of Toledo for the #RoadTwip gang. 
&quot;Happy Mother's Day!&quot; to my fellow Moms. 
Spending my mother's day with my little man!!!  Happy Mother's Day to all you Moms out there!
Happy Mother's Day to my mom! Y'all take time to honor your mom today if you can. 
is so glad she's not celebrating Mother's Day LOL! but Happy Mother's Day to the mommys out there 
Happy Mother's Day to every Moms 
Happy Mother's Day, @DrJanMyers! I love you! 
Moms do little things with great love. On a mug my son gave me this morning  Happy Mother's day to all us wonderful moms!
@DeanOuellette Happy Mother's Day to your wife. 
Happy Mother's Day 
Happy Mother's Day! I'm also thinking of my grandma + grandpa today 
@susienc Happy Mother's Day!  May you have a special day today!    Enjoy!
Happy Mother's Day! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mommys ou there! Have a wonderful day with your kiddos! 
Happy Mother's Day! 
Happy Mother's DAy People 
Happy Mother's Day, mothers!  http://dnbshare.com/download/MyMom.mp3.html
wishing everyone a Happy Mother's Day! 
Happy Mother's day   http://bit.ly/J8YF4
Mawnin' everyone! Happy Mother's Day to the traditional and non-traditional moms out there! Hope all is swell w/everyone! 
Its time to show ur mom how much she means to you.                                            Happy Mother's Day 
Happy Mother's Day - For all you hot mama's!   ...Spending the day with my little gal! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the lucky ladies out there!  Hope you have a wonderful day!  Men, be good to them!  
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!  Good job! 
Happy Mother's Day @jlara5 
To all the moms out there, I wish you all a very Happy Mother's Day! Today is a very special day. Enjoy it!  
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful ladies out there 
@knittingpatch Happy Mother's Day Karen!    Hope you have a wonderful day!  
Happy Mother's day! It's better late than never. 
Happy Mother's Day to all the tweeting moms! 
Happy Mother's Day!! 
Happy Mother's Day!  #mothersday
@pdwhite522 Yay E!  Happy Mother's Day Patti 
Happy Mother's Day to all my tweeps with chilluns!  
Happy Mother's Day to you all mommies.. Spending the day with mine 
&quot;There's nothing like a mama-hug.&quot; ~Adabella Radici. And it's true. Don't you agree?   Happy Mother's Day to... http://plurk.com/p/sx8jc
is a big fan of mothers.  Specifically, the Mother of his children, and his own mother...okay -  mother-in-law too.  Happy Mommy's Day!!! 
Happy Mother's Day! 
Happy Mother's Day, a special shoutout to all my fellow mom's/wives/careermakers/entrepreneurs 
Happy Mother's Day!! 
Happy Mother's Day 
@bumpyourauction Good morning and Happy Mother's Day to you too! 
Happy Mother's Day to anyone that's a mother. 
@PopessAllyBlue Happy Mother's Day Ally. I'll be right over with some hawt men to cook lunch 
@BaleBabe66 Happy Mother's Day! 
Tell your mom &quot;Happy Mother's Day&quot; for me! 
Happy Mother's Day 
Happy Mother's Day to all of the mother's in the whole wide world 
Happy Mother's Day baby  xxxooo ? http://blip.fm/~5ze9p
Happy Mother's Day to everyone! I love you mom 
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms ! Enjoy your special day. 
Happy Mother's Day Everyone!! 
Happy Mother's Day!! 
Happy Mother's Day! heading to the city soon 
Happy Mother's Day!! 
Happy Mother's Day to my amazing wife for being such a loving mom to our two wild and crazy boys (and for putting up with me as well 
Happy Mother's day! Closing, Matinee performance, then enjoying the day con mi madre...   
Happy Mother's Day. May it be filled with hugs, happiness and love (and maybe even some #chocolate 
@britneyspears Happy Mother's Day 
@doodlelou Welcome to twitter! Happy Mother's Day! 
Happy Mother's Day to all of the mothers out there. Don't forget your moms on this day everyone. 
Happy Mother's day 
@AllenMireles Happy Mother's Day to you my friend 
Snuggling with my baby girl  ...about to get another coffee and head back to church for service numero dos. Happy Mother's Day!
Happy Mother's Day  I'm taking my mom to have all the things that I've prepared (: first, the breakfast
Happy Mother's Day 
Happy Mother's Day!!  God must be smiling at all of us &quot;Mothers&quot; ... the sun is shinning... 
no hangover here! yay lol ok goin 2 work Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there have a great day 
It's a beautiful day in New York for all you mamas out there. Happy Mother's Day. Enjoy it- you're all worth it! 
Happy Mother's Day to all who are blessed with children. 
I could not have asked for a better birthday yesterday.  Happy Mother's Day folks!
Happy Mother's Day! Wishing all the best to all the mothers across our great country of #Canada #tweetCanada 
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful ladies, God Bless,hopefully I'll be a mother soon, in about 25yrs, that will be a good look rite? 
Happy Mother's Day!! 
@TheDailyBlonde Happy Mother's Day to YOU, Cheryl!!! 
Happy Mother's Day to ALL the mother's out there!!!!!! 
Happy Mother's Day!! 
Happy Mother's Day to all Moms 
Happy Mother's Day mommies 
don't forget to wish your mommies a &quot;Happy Mother's Day&quot; 
Happy Mother's Day! Not to your mom, just mines. 
Happy Mother's Day. 
Happy Mother's Day 
Waiting for church to start. Happy Mother's Day all you momma's out there 
Happy Mother's Day! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the lovely ladies of the @miltmafia 
@anitafiander Thanks... Happy Mother's Day to you too 
Happy Mother's day to all the wonderful mommies out there! 
@howie_d Leigh, Happy Mother's Day! Kisses! 
wishes his mommy and all the mommies out there a Happy Mother's Day!!! 
@Momof2inQCAZ Happy Mother's Day! See you in a bit 
Happy Mother's Day to all moms. 
@nicolerichie Happy Mother's Day! 
Happy Mother's day to all the mommies! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there 
Happy Mother Day! Even though my mommy can annoy meh, I Love her!!!  
Happy Mother's Day 
Happy Mother's day 
Juss woke up wit a crazie hanqovaa &quot;/  ---* Eatinq Breakfast ;   Happy Mother's Day Btw 
@Mrsdaughtry @thedenonline Happy Mother's Day ladies! Have an extra special day today! 
Good morning all - Happy Mother's Day to all moms   Time for tea and exercise
@WoodstockPeace Happy Mother's Day!!  
Happy Mother's Day Mommy 
Happy Mother's Day!  &lt;3
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms  Enjoy!
Happy Mother's Day 
is just gonna say &quot;Happy Mother's Day&quot; to all you moms, instead of posting an individual message on each of your pages. 
Good night earthlings. Happy Mother's Day!  Its monday tommorrow &amp; school 
Happy Mother's Day to all moms on this side of the Atlantic  enjoy the day!
Ayeeeee; Happy Mother's Day?! 
Happy Mother's day to all the moms!! 
Happy Mother's Day 
Happy Mother's Day, Mommy 
I wouldn't be able to make it with out this one person! Happy Mother's Day mommy!! 
@ChefVanda Happy Mother's Day to you Vanda 
@PoodleinmyPurse Happy Mother's Day Wynter! I hope you have a GREAT day today 
Brunch and a round of golf at the club con mi familia  Happy Mother's Day, Mama Tweets!
Happy Mother's Day! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderul Mother's out there! Enjoy your day 
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there. 
I had an amazing birthday yesterday! Happy Mother's Day Mommi! I miss u and love u, RIP!  Happy Mother's Day to all of the Moms out there!
Happy Mother's Day to all of the Moms in the world! Parents are the back-bone of our society, let's celebrate them 
@anidifranco Happy Mother's Day 
@vegasmiss Happy Mother's Day to you too! 
Happy Mother's Day to all my fellow moms out there...whether your kids be of the biped variety or the furry ones.  
Happy Mother's Day Muuuum! Now I am off to Cambridge with my mum and dad to visit my grandma! 
@BARBEQT: awww, you're welcome, mama.  thank you for making me a daughter. and for being such a good mama.  Happy Mother's Day, mama.
awww thanks @jordanknight, tell your wife Happy Mother's Day too 
Someone told me Happy Mother's Day yesterday when I was w/ my niece &amp; cousin and I actually got nostalgic. Guess I want kids after all. 
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms!  What would we do without you?!
Good morning Tweethearts! Happy Mother's Day to all of the moms. You have the hardest job in the world..u r appreciated. Be blessed! 
Happy Mother's Day to all those tweeting mom's out there 
is wishing all of the lovely mothers out there a Happy Mother's Day!!!! 
Happy Mother's Day 
Good Morning &amp; Happy Mother's Day!!! 
Happy Mother's day to all your mom's!!! 
Happy Mother's Day ... spending the day with my fabulous momma 
Happy Mother's Day 
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there! 
Happy Mother's Day! 
Happy Mother's Day! Yay for catering 
@kman_19 PS Happy Mother's Day to your mom!   She sounds like a very strong woman, &amp; from what I can see, raised a great son!
@darbydoll @alota_cookin @kevmylove Happy Mother's Day girlies!  I hope you all get a good pampering today, you deserve it 
Happy Mother's Day! Even though I appreciate my mother everyday. I'm so thankful I have her 
hii!  Happy Mother's Day to your mom! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mommy's out there &amp;&amp; also to the daddy's who play mommy as well 
Happy Mother's Day to my mom &amp; all the moms out in twitter world 
...still =&gt; [Happy Mother's Day] for real for real for real this time! 
Happy Mother's Day! Do something sweet for yours today 
Happy Mother's Day. 
Happy Mother's Day to the mama tweeps! 
Happy Mother's Day! 
Happy Mother's Day to all you TwiMoms out there.  
Happy Mother's Day!  Just got off the phone with my son who is in S. Korea.  Great start to the day.  
@britneyspears Happy Mother's Day 
Wanted to go out to breakfast this morning...then thought better of it - Mother's Day crowds.  Making omelets instead.  Happy Mom Day!
@emerald8503   Happy Mothers Day.  Ur a great Mother also.  
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful mom's - especially mine 
Happy Mother Day, Mother ! 
is at church with her parents! Happy Mother's Day! 
Happy Mother's Day mams! May your day be blessed.....and you get lots of stuff! 
Happy Mama's Day !  do I get a GODmothers day gift... Lmao
#tcot #sgp Happy Mother's Day to all you Mommy's! I hope you're all being pampered BIG time! 
Getting ready to go to my mom and dads with my boys. Happy Mother's Day to all my friends in Twitterland 
@meganbober that means you!  Happy 1st Mother's Day! 
Happy Mother's Day!!! Do something productive for your mother (unless she's far away) 
Happy Mother's Day! 
@renagades Wow, thank you! Only one away  Happy Mother's day to All  May your day be Pampered!
Off to see Star Trek   Happy Mother's Day to all 
Happy Mother's Day! 
I'm proud to be a MILF. Happy Mother's Day 
Happy Mother's Day, my tweets ;) hope every day is filled with love too, though 
Happy Mother's Day!!  xox
@jennykaye Happy Mother's Day to all too 
Wishing all the moms a Happy Mother's Day.  Everyone show their mom some love. It's not every day that you'll be birthed by someone. 
Happy Mother's day! 
Best decision I ever made was to have my daughter when I was 16. Saved my life. Happy Mother's Day to all Moms + extra love to teen moms. 
@dana_renee sounds like he's prepping to be a UFC fighter.  jk Happy Mother's Day!
@Menchuvian Happy Mother's Day, even if it doesn't feel like it yet!  The four children should be feeding YOU!
Happy Mother's Day to All the Mommys!! 
Wish all mommies a Happy Mother's Day! Your place is one I've deliberately chosen not to be in. You guys are incredibly amazing.   
Happy Mother Day! &quot;Don't cha know we love ya?&quot; 
Happy Mother's Day 2 all u moms! 
@jordanknight Happy Mother's Day to your mom and wife today 
Happy Mother's Day everyone.  I'm going to see Star Trek with my mommy! We're just that cool.
@ACCIDENTALDIVA Happy mother's day cupcake! (via @chichiglacierz) Thank you  Happy Mother's Day to you 
Happy Mother's Day! 
Happy Mother's Day to cool Moms everywhere! 
Happy Mother's Day to all my favorite moms out there! 
Happy Mother's Day Everyone! 
Wishing a Happy Mother's Day to @LisaCesarano, my mom (who isn't on Twitter) and all moms out there, wherever they may be. 
Happy Mother's Day @deniselupton200, to echo what Michelle said, I wish I could be there with you today. 
@bargainbriana Happy Mother's Day to you too! 
Happy Mother's Day mumzy! 
Happy Mother's Day, ladies 
Happy Mother's Day to all you mom's. And to those that will be mother's one day  Make sure you hug your mom, &amp; watch Twilight with her 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mom's!  @dhewlett Happy Mother's Day to Jane!
Call your mother! Kiss your wife! Hug your kids! Happy Mother's Day!! 
Happy Mother's Day to my beautiful angel! 
Happy Mother's Day to all you moms out there!  May you be pampered and prodded all day long. (XD prodded lol)
Happy Mother's day to all Mommies 
enjoying sunday on my couch, with coffee and CSI  Happy Mother's Day, and have a great sunday to you all....
Happy Mother's Day! Watching the best movie ever, She's The Man. 
It's so nice out. Should be taking pictures. Happy Mother's Day everyone 
Trying to get some work done before I call to wish my mom a &quot;Happy Mother's Day&quot;! Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there 
Happy Mother's Day - to all you mamas out there....  
Happy Mother's Day! 
@clairecmc my son took me to see Star Trek yesterday! It's fun to be a nerdmom  Happy Mother's Day!
Happy Mother's Day!! Spending the day with mom! 
@Gretchen74  ? Happy Mother's Day back to youuuu ?  Have a great day!!!
Happy Mother's Day to the mothers of the world! 
Happy Mother's Day! Barbeque at my house 
Happy Mother's Day! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there! I got a surprise for my mom today, and I was so excited about it that I couldn't sleep 
Happy Mother's Day 
Happy Mother's Day to those mothers out there 
@TinaSimpson  Happy Mother's Day! Hope you have a Blessed Day 
Happy Mother's Day 
Happy Mother's Day to all! Celebrating my mom, and another M-day that I am NOT yet a mom. 
Happy Mother's Day! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the fabulous, special mommies of two-legged and four-legged babies alike.  &lt;Hugs&gt;
Happy Mother's Day to all please remember that motherhood is a blessing 
@ashsimpsonwentz  Happy 1st Mother's Day! Hope you have a Blessed Day 
Happy Mother's Day 
Happy Mother's Day to all who are Mothers!! 
Happy Mother's Day! 
@Bipsters YYYYYYAAAAAAYYY!!!!!!!!! 2 MORE DDDDAAAAYYYSSSS!!!!!! i'm excited if u can't tell...and Happy Mother's Day everyone!!!! 
Just finished watching Miss Earth 2009. Happy Mother's Day to all mommies! 
Tell your mom I said Happy Mother's Day cuz if it wasn't for her, I wouldnt have met you  Send to all u dont regret meeting
@Borikena Happy Mother's Day, by the way. 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mommys. . .on the way to church with my mom 
@BossLadiToya absolutely nothing. Great day to go outside though. Happy Mother's Day btw ... 
Happy Mother's Day to all of the wonderful mother's out there! I'm out photographing some special moms 
had a lovely night with her boyfriend and will be spending a fun day with her crazy family  Happy Mother's Day!
Happy Mother's day 
Happy Mother's Day!!  
Happy Mother's Day to all moms. 
Happy Mother's Day. Just got in from church. It was Great!!  Headed to EAT in a minute!!
Hey, though it's not Mother's Day here, Happy Mother's Day for the mothers around the globe  Thank you for bringing us to life 
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful Moms out there!!!  
Called my mom-could not bring myself to tell &quot;Happy Mother's Day!&quot; lest it might be portrayed that I need a special day to call her! 
Happy Mother's Day! 
Happy Mother's Day! Enjoying mine unplugged. 
@lalavazquez Happy Mother's Day! Have a wonderful and blessed day today u and ur mom! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the amazing Moms out there!  Enjoy the day in celebration of all that YOU are!  
Happy Mother's Day!  Got my mom a phone!
I'm feeling very fortunate today. Great girls, great family, and a great Jon. I'm very blessed. Happy Mother's Day! 
Happy Mother's Day all you hawt mommas! YAY for my 2nd mothers day 
@rockonrebelchld Happy Mother's Day 
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there! (But especially @shaunce) 
and Happy Mother's day to my mama @mzr0ckstar 
@aSaladADay Happy Mother's Day 
@alydenisof Happy Mother's Day to the new mommy! 
Happy Mother's Day! This is what I go my ma: http://tinypic.com/r/ounmmo/5 Yes, those are real diamonds  What did you do for your mother?
Happy Mother's Day.  i just woke up bleh, so bored and hungry &gt;.&lt; so hopefully todays better maybe mall w/ mom? then some pina coladas?:'D
Happy Mother's Day, moms, &amp; a personal thanks to El Fotografo, who made me a mom. 
Happy Mother's Day to all the american moms out there. We brits had ours in March 
@thnkhappythghts Happy Mother's Day by the way. 
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there! Love you so much mom!!! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful mothers out there!!! 
Happy Mother's Day! 
On my way out to eat lunch...Happy Mother's Day!!!!! 
Happy Mother's Day!! my moms card is right here but it does have a stamp  progress!
@fulltimedancmo Happy Mother's Day 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mother's out there! 
Happy Mother's day! Going swimming in the bay. It is still a training day. 
Happy Mother's Day to all, and to all a good night....Too much, I think not 
@kwannon Happy Mother's Day to you, Christine! Have a wonderful day. 
Happy Mother's Day  I love my mom so much!
Happy Mother's Day! 
@kawaface You can be my mom.    Happy Mother's Day!  I didn't get you anything because I'm ungrateful and selfish.
Happy Mother's Day mom and to every other mother out there. 
Happy Mother's Day!! &lt;3 
Happy Mother's Day to all the strong and beautiful mom's 
I got to tell my best friend since 1st grade Happy Mother's Day.  
Happy Mother's Day!!!! I love you!!! 
Happy Mother's Day 
Happy Mother's Day ! &lt;3 
Happy Mother's Day !!! 
Special Happy Mother's Day to my Best Friend's mom (my mom)...love that lady, sweet Sadie!!  (she crazy, though)
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers!!   Hope you are all enjoying your special day!! 
Happy Mother's Day!  Wish I could be home with my mommy!!
@jreneebuchholz  Happy Mother's Day to you too, Jan! Thx for noticing the Momisms I tweeted. I wonder what % of us hear those same lines? 
I LOVE being a MOM!  Happy Mother's Day 
@alydenisof Happy Mother's Day, Alyson!  Congrats, again!
To all my female twitter friends that are mothers, if I've failed to wish any of you a Happy Mother's Day, let me do so now. 
Happy Mother's Day everyone 
Wishing all the Mommies a very Happy Mother's Day. As far as I am concerned, everyday is (my) Mother's Day. 
Happy Mother's Day all you moms! Hubby is off to work and I'm going to work out and then veg with a mindless movie. 
cannot believe I'll be done with grad school tomorrow!  Also, Happy Mother's Day @Jenllogan!
Happy Mother's Day Mommm 
Happy Mother's Day to all mom's out there....love you MoM 
@mamajonas	 Happy Mother's Day !!!!!! the best today and always for you and your loved ones. 
@MelissaPearcy Happy Mother's Day Sweet Dahlin  XOX
is wishing all mothers-Happy Mother's Day 
@VLaverne Happy Mother's Day Mommy i love youuu 
I like Cheesecake Factory! Happy Mother's Day! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful mothers, grandmothers and great-grandmothers out there!!! God bless you all for giving us LIFE!!! 
[Wrong!] Happy Mother's Day mommy! Your the best mom in the whole world!  http://tinyurl.com/qyr6fl
Happy Mother's Day 
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there.  And thanks to all the dads and little ones who made it so special for us!  xo
I am having a Happy Mother's Day  The kids are now asleep and I am reading a new book. I love my life 
I hope you had a Happy and Blessed Mother's Day! 
Happy belated Mother's Day everyone!  It was nice seeing you mom!;)  Thank you for being so unique 
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/549fx - Happy B-day to your Mother 
