Most common words for this cluster:
[('day', 823), ('happy', 690), ('mothers', 515), ('mom', 102), ('fathers', 95), ('moms', 63), ('today', 52), ('everyone', 45), ('star', 45), ('wars', 44), ('dad', 37), ('i', 37)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Happy', 0.7739787697792053), (u'Day', 0.7480594515800476), (u'Happy_Belated', 0.6849724650382996), (u'Transforming_Lives_Every', 0.6540716290473938), (u'Happy_Hump', 0.65384840965271), (u'Blog_Hoggers', 0.6460177302360535), (u'Actor_Jeremy_Northam', 0.631137490272522), (u'Mothers', 0.6284360885620117), (u'Julie_Gilkay_column', 0.6268638372421265), (u'Squirrel_Appreciation', 0.6263883709907532)]





Happy Sunny Day Everyone, going back to school tomorrow 
Happy Free Comic Book Day!! which I cannot attend this time in the middle of the desert, no comic stores exist here   http://bit.ly/5ZmiB
@mistressdenial Mothers are prone to being like that sadly 
This is the 10th Mothers day without my mum 
Happy Mothers Day!! and the bottom floor of my house has no power 
@MariahCarey  Mothers Day is really maken me sad right know 
Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful woman!!! Especially my mother &amp; grandmother... wish I had a kid 
I miss my mom today more than ever  Please support and pray for our troops!! Happy mother's Day to all
Happy Mothers day.. R.I.P Grandma today makes a year 
/me is 26 today...and Happy mom's Day to me... 
Goodmorning!! It is Mothers Days, but my mother has already had her present  But we also got some flowers and she doesn't know that!!
Having pasta 4 dinner. Played soccer today and got absolutely smashed not happy  anyway, Happy Mothers Day Mum xo
Happy Mothers Day! so bad my mama isn't here with me now 
Happy Mothers Day mamaaa! so bad my mama isn't here with me now  love you mommm,hope you're home sooon! xo
@MzJacqueline I know  I need to start ignoring his text messages, I'm sure he'll get the hint sooner or later. Love you. Happy Mothers Day
I think my phone is done! I mean broke  Anyway Happy Mothers day MOM! Moms are the best!
@jonathanrknight dont forget to hug ur mom ;-) Happy Mothers day 2 her as well.I will cyber hug my mom later.shes so far away.i miss her 
We're in the middle of a power outage   It's been out since aroud 11:15 last night. Happy Mothers Day.
Happy Mothers Day all. Hope you get/got some nice things today. My children have decided once again I'm not worth it. 
Off to church w/dad...still in mourning for my Mason jacket but  Happy Mothers Day again!!!
Happy Mothers Day 2 all the MOMS out there. DADS, try and give the baby MOMS a day off ! If u can ...... I can't, I'm BACK 2 work 
Happy Mothers Day!!!! to all the lovely mothers in the world including my own....i gotta work today so i can't be home 
Happy Mothers Day! Working 11 hours....    
Happy Mothers Day everyone. Getting ready for early church then I'll be moving my furniture into storage 
Happy Mothers Day moms, (  L )
Visiting my mom in the hospital, on Mothers Day......  
Happy Mothers Day everyone! Last night's SNL was AWESOME... too bad I dozed off halfway thru... 
Happy Mommy's Day!!! Spent like 5 minutes with my mom  work til 8...
-Happy Mothers Day- I hope everyone has a great day! i get to work a double at work... yay.... not  My poor mamma...
Morning! Happy Mothers Day!  Boys are on their way.  Dharma kitty is missing! We're searching everywhere. Back later today. 
Happy Mothers Day everyone...enjoy your day...me I am working yay 
Happy Mothers Day!!....going to work 
Its Mothers Day and I have to go to work. 
my mom is sick on Mothers Day 
Feeling so sick right now.   PS, Happy Mothers Day, everyone.
I just finished my book  It was so good, why did it have to end . Happy Mothers Day!
Wish I could be with ma dukes today!  Happy Mothers Day to all mothers!.. Playing make up til 6:30. PS: I am changing my # for suuure.
is working allll day  it's such a pretty too  Happy Mothers day Mommy!  http://twitpic.com/4x5x9
Breakfast out w/ my son 4 mom's day.  Daughter slept in  after late return from NYC (2:30 am for a spanish class trip).  Happy Moms Day!
Happy Mommies Day!! Not with my mom today 
Happy Mommies Day!!!   Work 2-close today 
bleh,  i feel gross. Happy Mothers Day (:
Happy Mothers Day, despite the clouds and rain 
@dannywood Happy Mom's Day to your mom...I lost mine 10 years ago to cancer  Tough day, but easier having my own kids.
Another Mothers Day turned to shit. Way to go dad. 
I can't see my mom on Mothers Day. 
Happy Mothers Day, Y'all !    I miss my mommy 
Happy Mothers Day! DONT want to go back to BSC 
Happy Mothers day! I wish I was in Florida with my momma 
I didnt know i could get sunburn this early in the game. Its not even summer yet, and I am red like a tomatoe!   Happy Mothers Day!!
Just talked to my grandma and my sister to wish them both Happy Mothers Day. Made me realize how much it sucks being far from home. 
So I overslept on Mothers Day.  Two hours late for breakfast with my mom. I'm a bad daughter
@JonathanRKnight Happy Moms day too,she's really the best mother 4u.I missed my mama so much I think she's always watching me from heaven 
Happy Mothers day to all the moms! I'm spending mine working, yay me 
@MAMAxfuryx but I lova lova you long time! Happy Mothers Day, not bad mothers day 
Dmin studies on Mothers Day 
Trying to comfort a sick little girl.  Stephanie has not had much of a special Mothers Day. Will definitely make it up to her.
Not having a mother anymore sure changes the flavor of Mothers Day. Especially all those handy email reminders from Amazon.com. 
Happy Mothers Day to all the mommy's. My day sucked working all day and still at work dint see my jefa till tomorrow no bueno 
Happy Memorial Day Peeps.. too bad I gotta work |Wondering when my grades are going to be released| my throat hurts 
Happy Victoria Day to my Canadian peeps. I am celebrating the long reign of Queen Victoria by going to work. 
First off, Happy B-Day Melo! 2nd, sorry it looks like you and the rest of the nuggets will be goin' fishin' first not Cleveland. boo hoo 
@demilovat0 i want so much u take one photo with a sign says &quot;Happy B-Day Tany!&quot;... just that  will be the best gift! 4real!!!
Happy National Running Day...2 bad I still can't run....darn Achilles tendon!!!  #fb
Happy Hump Day.  Not feeling all that hot today but will push onward. Had fight w/daughter &amp; yelled at her.  Hope I didn't ruin her day 
I missed a thunder storm... sighhhhhh   I love thunder...    Happy Hump Day all!!  
@_SarahInParis_ Lucky you! I'll be lucky if my DH even wishes me a Happy Mothers Day in this century!  
had a long sleepless night and a not feeling so great family. Happy Day. 
Happy Palm Pre Day... I'm on a waiting list 
@jonsteingard Happy Early B-Day man...sorry I didnt get to sing to you one the sidelines 
rained all day - soccer practice canceled   Happy B-Day QE2
Happy Youth Day! I've woken up with a headache, throat that's on fire + feeling pretty miserable  Presenting 10am-1pm today! Wish me luck!
@bulletz1 Lost mine  Happy Fathers Day 2 the best Dad eva even if hes not here
Happy Hump Day!  I hope you all have wild and crazy sex and think about me... I don't think I have the energy today to have it myself 
Just watched @shanedawson cry in his Happy Fatherless Day video.  I'm getting a little emotional! No dad here either.
@Dreamagic75 fk em all...lol...only a few dudes deserve a Happy Fathers Day shout out...and that's a shame 
Not much to tweet this week.  No news.  Boo.    Happy Dad's Day though!  Have a great weekend!
Grabbing a card for the bar mitzvah I am going to.  I've been told that writing Happy Day in the check memo field isn't good enough 
im very sad Im not gonna be able to see my dad on Fathers Day 
I'm sad because I'm not goona be with my father.  But I'm wishing him a good Fathers Day and all the Fathers here! Happy Fathers Day!
@thekarladam Tell me about it, I'm on mostly soft foods for 4 more days. Bummer I can't have a steak/burger on Fathers Day 
@TraceyMorroll ahhh sorry to hear that, our sad time is Mothers Day  but time has passed
If I forget to post Happy Fathers Day..... I miss u dad 
@Mike219 ah I see  that's a shame. Happy Fathers Day to you *hugs*
Bum stomach on Fathers' Day and the day of a friend's wedding. Life is not fair 
i think i will have a perm tan line where my sunglasses sit Happy Fathers Day to all the fathers out there its a bittersweet day for me 
My daddy is in hospital on Fathers day weekend  nothing too serious just please pray for him! Happy Fathers day to all Dads..
Rest In Peace Daddy ! Happy Fathers Day 
Happy Fathers Day!! i Wish i could see my son today 
Happy fathers' Day!..  Going to temple to see my dad.. 
Im soo going to miss my dad on Fathers Day 
Happy Fathers Day to the US &amp; UK at least, as here in Finland we celebrate it in November. Mine died at hospital on his Birthday in 2006 
Wishing he had a Dad to tell &quot;Happy Fathers Day, I love you&quot; 
@3fingaz Happy Fathers day!!!!! Never knw that u was a dad   So enjoy ya day and have fun !!!!!!!!!!!
Happy Fathers Day... Miss you dad 
Happy Daddy Day to all the pops. My dad is working today, 2mrw, the next day at Bankers Casino. Go holla at that Mexican for me. Miss him 
Happy Fathers Day everyone from 1:52 A.M.! I can't sleep like always 
 Happy Fathers day. ILUDaddy.    First father's day sans father.
Happy Birthday Gabey!! and Happy Fathers Day to all the daddys out there...Take care of my hubby Tucsonians he's alone on Fathers Day 
Happy Farthers Day Dad, miss you loads!  xxxx
Happy Fathers Day !! I won't get to see my Dad 2day as he's on hols in Spain 
well, im going to sleep....Happy Fathers Day to all!! im going to be tired tomorrow...or today at my Dad's house 
Happy Fathers' Day to all the fathers out there. Especially to my dad. I hope you're ok up there. I miss you so much!  ILOVEYOU, PAPA! :*
Enjoyed Fathers' Day morning with bacon and scrambled egg breakfast in bed. Sad to have to leave A behind this morning for church 
he forgot about me tonight  Im going to bed sweeties..night. PS Happy Fathers Day to all the Daddys
Happy Fathers' day   , i love you daddy.
Happy Fathers Day To All Fathers. Miss my dadddy 
Happy Fathers Day to all fathers. Mine isn't on Twitter so I cant shout out 
@mrsellars Happy Papa's Day, Murv!  I hope you're feeling better.  I'm off to the hospital for rounds. 
@Shergmeister I`m the same on Mothers day so i know just how you feel  Just try hard to be lovely lol
Happy Fathers Day!(:...I have to go help my mummy 
Up early. My Yorkie isn't feeling well. Hope today is better than yesterday. I miss my Dad.  Happy Fathers Day!!
Happy Fathers Day to all Dads  &amp; Big hugs to everyone who may be  missing their Dads on this day especially  
is off 2 work, on such a nice day aswell  Happy Fathers day to all the dad's! x
good times w/ jose &amp; elvis, 2 bad I had 2 leave early cause of the damn on call and I got no calls!! back 2 work today  Happy Fathers Day!
Happy Fathers day! my daddy is at work. I am at work. maybe we'll catch up later 
Happy Fathers Day to all. Enjoy your families. I am away from mine today.  #squarespace
@billyraycyrus Happy Fathers Day Billy Ray, sorry your in a hotel room for it. I feel bad that you can't be in Georgia for it,  
Happy Fathers Day Everybody! My Little Brother is Heading off to Iraq today, on Fathers Day   I mean really, they could'nt wait 'til Mon??
Happy Fathers' Day to my Daddy, who is in Italy. I miss him 
talked to my dad yesterday, his time on this planet is limited  I need to go see him soon Happy Fathers day to yall out there
Birthday is over  but Happy Fathers Day!
Happy Fathers Day Everyone! Can't do a lot with the father in our house today ... he is still recovering from surgery 
Good morning.  Happy Fathers day to the Dads out there.  I am still not used to my Dad not being here.  He passed on 3/21/06 
Happy Birthday Pep and Happy Fathers Day! Today is also the first day of summer. The days are officially getting shorter.  #squarespace
wiish i culda went 2 d Biirthday Bash!!!  ...ne way.. Happy Fathers Day!* &lt;3
Happy Fathers Day....Wish you were here 
Happy Fathers day to all dads out there I dont got a dad any morhe tomoorow it be 4 months since he died from lung cancer miss you dad 
I wish I was going to hang out with my husband or my dad rather than going to work and dealing with Big Issues. Happy Fathers Day. 
Happy Fathers Day!!! Its not the same without my Daddy here.... 
Long distance shout out to Dad up in Cleveland: Happy Fathers Day!  Enjoy your 12 hour shift at UH 
Wishing all Dads A Happy Fathers Day !! wish i was a dad 
49 more days.      oh, and Happy Fathers Day if you're a father. I forgot that was today....
This is my 2nd year without my daddy. I wish he was still here.. So I could tell him Happy Fathers Day.  Miss you Dad!  
I miss my beautiful daddy so much. Happy Fathers Day 
Just woke up  wish I was still sleeping! Happy Fathers Day!
Happy Fathers Day...first one without my dad on earth, very strange 
Happy Fathers day to ever dad out there!!! Too bad ma dad isn't in my life.. I wish I had a dad 
Happy Fathers' Day! Wish I could be spend it with my dad. 
This is it for jax! 25 years and today will be my last day. Getting things together and leaving in the morning  Happy Fathers day to all!
Happy Fathers Day! Wish i was back in MI at the rents' house celebrating with my father, grandfathers and uncles at the backyard BBQ 
Happy Fathers Day to all you Dads out there!! Mine is back home so a phone convo and a card in the mail will have to do. 
I have pink eye in both eyes  Happy Fathers Day!!!
Happy Fathers Day!..its raining. Can't go swimming 
Happy Fathers Day! I woke ip this morning feeling a Lil sick 
Happy Fathers Day! Plan for the day: give gift to dad, study, church, &amp; back to studying all day longgg 
Happy Fathers Day... 
Always feel a bit lost on Fathers- and Mothers Day. Am not in contact with my dad, and my mommy died 2 yrs ago. 
Happy Fathers Day Dad!..... Wanting my baby with me. 
Happy Fathers Day dad ! I wish you was here to celebrate with us. I miss you 
It's too bad my dads in the east coast Happy  Farhers Day everyone!
Happy Fathers Day to all Fathers....missin my daddy 
Just wished my Dad &quot;Happy Fathers Day&quot;! Hope he heard me in Heaven. I miss him. You don't know what you have until it is gone.. 
Happy Fathers Day, Missing My Kristina 
Cant get out of bed yet. i had a dream that my stomach hurt n it really is  Happy Fathers Day Everyone. Love my daddy 2 death!
Had awesome breakfast in bed this morning! But my family ate in the kitchen  Happy Fathers Day, eat by yourself ha ha
Happy Fathers Day!..I wish I could actually be with my Dad today 
Happy Fathers Day!  Has had a headache since yesterday. Nothing helps. 
Happy Fathers Day to all of the dads out there!  exept my father his a idiot 
Happy Fathers day to all the dads out there...I only wish my daddy was still here with us...He is sorely missed  
Happy Fathers day to all the dads out there...I only wish my daddy was still here with us...He is sorely missed 
Happy Fathers Day to all dads!esp my hubby the father of our child (still in my belly)[whom i cant wait be w/  ],my dad n my dad in law
Happy Fathers day... I miss my dad so much 
Happy Fathers Day! Especially to the dads that have to work today. Like my daddy. 
Happy Fathers Day, dad! Wish I could be there with you today  but see you in a week!
Happy Fathers Day to everyone - but mostly my Jonny!!  Thinking of my dad today   Killer headache 6th day in a row......must see Dr soon
@DebbieFletcher Yeeeeeeeey! Finally!! Send a Happy Fathers Day to Bob! I know I'm very late, but is really difficult talk to you 
Oh Happy Day 
Happy Record Store Day! Big thanks to all the indie record shops out there for doing what you do! 
@KourtneyKardash Happy B-Day Kourtney Hope its a fantabulous one lol.....Greetings from Canada 
Happy Day! Flossedtoday.com was added to designshack.com! Made by @spitfiresky and designed by @jeromegn.  Go check out the site!! 
Lots of pretty artisan jewerly to choose from in my shop http://joslinjewels.etsy.com. Only 21 shopping days left until Mothers Day. 
Happy Bicycle Day Everyone 
Lori is sitting on my couch.  Happy Day.
Hope Every1 has A Wonderful &amp; Prosperous Day 
@lisisilveira is your party for Tiradentes? How is it coming? Still rain? ... and do you say: Happy Tiradentes Day? 
is wishing everyone a Happy Earth Day  Plant a tree or just hug one (they like that too)
Happy Kartini Day! Does anyone still remember about Ibu Kartini? 
Happy Free Comic Book Day 
Happy Free Comic Book Day! Wish there was such a thing as free book day 
I just watched &quot;Earth&quot; the movie  Happy Earth Day!  // cool http://gykd.net
Happy Free Comic Book Day everyone!  I just went and got mine!
Happy National Scrapbooking Day!   Take time today to make your mom something special for next weekend.   
Happy National Scrapbooking Day! 
@myWRIGHT1 Happy Derby Day to you 
its Mothers day here where i live 
@tiedupmemories thanks  - love your necklace too. Perfect for Mothers day
Happy Polish Independence Day 
@mycaricature I love your thought! I wish you a Happy Day! 
A few Mothers Day Gift ideas  http://tinyurl.com/cqu3ks
@MissFarrah Happy Bday...Enjoy Your Day 
May the fourth be with you! #starwarsday Happy Star Wars Day everybody 
Happy Star Wars Day! May the 4th be with you!! i love bad puns 
Happy Star Wars Day. May the 4th be with you!  Nice that we get a holiday to celebrate  #fb
Happy Star Wars Day, may the 4th be with you  my lil' 12yr old bro is at home playing with a lego AT-AT and dozens of stormtroopers.
May the 4th be with you! Happy Star Wars Day twirps!  ROFL
Happy Star Wars Day! May the 4th be with you  (via Nige the Goth)
Happy Star Wars Day  May the fourth be with you!
Happy Star Wars Day! .... May the 4th Be with You! 
Happy Star Wars Day ...  &quot;May the 4th be with you&quot;.... read http://tinyurl.com/axsujx for more ;)
@Gjerninger Are you sure you want to know?  It's http://bit.ly/AUuAC - it makes me want to run. In other news: Happy Star Wars Day! 
@ChrisKalydo Happy STAR WARS Day 
Happy Star Wars Day. May the fourth be with you. Ahh, that ones an oldy but a goody 
my it teacher made the lamest joke today about darth vaders birthday cuz it was may 4th. lol i love it. Happy STAR WARS Day everyone!  !!!
Oh before I forgot, Happy Star Wars Day! May the Fourth be with you! 
~ Happy Star Wars Day.every one ~  ...may the fourth be with you! 
Haha Happy Star Wars Day!  &quot;May the 4th be with you&quot; - clever
Happy Star Wars Day  May the fourth be with you ;)
#musicmonday Happy STAR WARS Day, celebrate by joining!  http://axe-tech.net/forums/...
BTW, Happy Star Wars Day... May the Fourth be with you! ROFLMAO...yes, I know I'm a total dork. 
Happy Star Wars Day! May the Fourth be with you.  
OK. Happy Star Wars Day, everyone. As they say, May the 4th be with you 
Happy Star Wars Day  - May the Fourth be with you 
Off school today, Happy May Day. 
It's Happy Star Wars Day, LOL.  May the force be strong with you all.  
Happy Star Wars Day  Im going to make some pasta get showered and dressed and then watch some films. I like days off. I have 3 days off 
Happy Star Wars Day! 
Happy Star Wars Day 
Happy Star Wars Day everyone!  Whats everyone up to this rainy bank holiday?  I am heading out soon for coffee with my mum then shopping 
May the 4th be with you    Happy Star Wars Day !!!
Happy Star Wars Day 
@Danacea Happy Star Wars Day!!! 
haha May the 4th be with you! Happy Star Wars Day! 
Happy Star Wars Day!!! 
Happy Star Wars Day everyone! May the 4th be with you all  xxx
Happy Star Wars Day everyone! May the 4th be with you 
Happy &quot;Star Wars&quot; Day, Twitters.  http://migre.me/SiE :*
Happy Star Wars Day 
Happy Star Wars Day! May the 4th be with you!  http://tr.im/kq95
May the 4th be with you. Happy Star Wars Day!  http://ow.ly/52Aw
Happy Star Wars Day? OHHHH...now I get it. May the 4th be with you.  love it. (and mondays). (sorry again) #starwarsday
May the 4th be with you. Happy Star Wars Day!   http://tinyurl.com/cjamjt #starwarsday #geek #dork #fb #awesome
Good morning World! Happy Star Wars Day! May the 4th be with you! 
Happy Star Wars Day to you all 
Happy Star Wars Day - May the 4th be with you 
Happy Star Wars Day, everyone! May the force be with you all, be you Padawan or Jedi. 
@mercedez000 Ta very much!  Happy B-Day to G-son 
To Mums in OZ -, Happy Mothers Day 2day, to Mums in US - Happy M-Day 2morro, &amp; to Mums w/ Altzheimers, guess what!? TODAY'S MOTHERS DAY! 
Happy Mothers day to all you Mums out there 
Ahhhh the calm after the storm.  All is quiet. Night everyone and Happy Mothers Day to those it applies to 
The sun is out here in Melbourne! Happy Mothers Day to all the mums out there 
Today is my first Mothers Day with my little boy. Hope you're having a beautiful Mothers Day too 
I have coffee and a Sociology paper to complete. Happy Mothers Day 
Happy Mothers Day mummy 
it's Mothers Day today 
Happy Mothers May to my Mak   Love you always! XOXO.
@KeepinUpWKris  Have a Happy Mothers Day! I thought u had blocked me cause i couldn't get anything thru the other day  
Happy Mothers Day 
Christa's Mothers Day card, deep in the build phase.   - Photo: http://bkite.com/07k6e
@chellanglo *hugs* love you, MamaBear!  Happy Mom's Day!!!! (in case I don't see you around tomorrow)
On my macbook  Inviting Friend to Twitter  and Happy Mothers Day
Happy Mothers Day to all the mums in my life and those that are not 
Happy Mothers' Day to my mom and all the mothers in the world 
Wishing a Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful Mothers out there. 
@sweetangieollie ooh a storm, that's always welcome news  Happy Mothers Day!
I dedicated today to Mothers Day videos because without Moms (and Dads) we wouldn't be here tweeting. 
&lt;3C.B|| Mothers day tomorrow 
@PaulaCampbell Happy Mothers Day Paula 
Happy Mothers day to all mums 
wants to greet all the mom's out there a Happy Mothers Day!!! May you enjoy your day!! 
Happy Mothers day to all you MI.. mothers out there.   Thanks for doing what you do .. whatever that is 
Wrapping packes for mom day   Happy Mom Day to all you hot mommas out there
Sleepy time! Happy Mothers' Day to current and future moms around the globe! 
in about 30 minutes Happy Mothers Day to alll the amazing moms out there!!!  going to bed!! 
just woke up. Happy Mommy's Day to everyone's mom and grandma! 
Happy Mommy Day 
Wonderful weekend  I love my family  &amp; friends because they are awesome. Happy Mothers day to all the mommies &lt;3
Happy Mothers day to all the grown n happy &amp; the lil prego smuts lol Just Playing everyone is loved.. happy Mothers Day &amp; God Bless 
Happy Mothers Day to all the Moms  It's a tough job, but totally worth it!
says: &quot;Happy Mothers Day!&quot; 
Happy Mothers Day 
Happy mother's Day!!!! No gift to your mother can ever equal her gift to you - life 
HaPPy Mothers Day!!! 
@NightShade10 Wooops! Meant I agree with Boomstone..trying 2 reply 2 both, LOL. Happy Mothers Day to you as well!  TTY soon!
First Happy Mothers Day  Second what is it that makes us think the way we do? Why do we feel the way we feel? I dont know but i wish i did
Happy Mothers Day all!  Hugs and love, Zoe 
Looking forward to having Dinner with Family and Friendsss! Happy Mothers Day to all the Moms out there! 
Guess it was too much to hope for me to have a nice relaxing Mothers Day!... Happy Mothers Day mommies 
Goodnight everyone  Happy Mothers Day to all of the mothers out there 
@jtimberlake  Thank you and Happy Mothers Day to your Mother also SNL tonight 
Happy Mothers Day 
@n_k_mamma TY! Happy Mothers Day to you too! Love ya...Cel 
I'm so excited for Mothers Day!  This has been a big year for me &amp; Olivia, and she's finally old enough to be excited &amp; understand! 
Happy Mothers Day to all of the moms out there 
loves her mum very much! Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful mothers out there 
Psalm 82:6 I have said, You are gods; and all of you are children of the most High. Happy Mothers Day Momma 
Happy Moms day y'all! 
Beautiful Day..takn it down twitters  tell ALL mothers Happy Mothers Day 
Happy Mothers Day! ..ok..seriously..good night  
Mom, where ever you are; Happy Mothers day 
Mothers day in 45 minutes west coast time.  Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers out there 
Happy Mothers Day!  Love your Mom...
@ddlovato My mum loved the Camp Rock mothers day card I gave her. I knew she would. Happy Mothers Day from New Zealand! Haha ILY lots  xx
Happy Mothers Day  Breakfast With The Fam &lt;33
Happy Mothers Day 
Happy Mothers Day!! 
Happy Mothers Day Mum 
Happy Mothers day  with my boy of the doom! (my dog xD)
Happy Mothers Day 
Happy Mothers Day to all the mom's around  Hope you have a wonderful day!
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mommys. 
Happy Mothers Day people. i love my mom a lot still 
Happy Mothers Day! 
Happy Mothers Day to all you mothers out there!!  i love my mom! GOODNIGHT everyonee!! ?
Loves him but most importantly loves my mom! Happy Mothers Day! 
shoutout to all the beautiful moms out there that these niggas dont appreciate! some one cares Happy Mothers Day! 
@SharneseLaNier Thanks hon, doing great and yourself? Happy Mothers Day 
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mommies! 
Happy Mothers' day! 
@DebbieFletcher Happy Mothers Day! i hope tom got you something special! enjoy day!  xo
@jamie_oliver No Happy Mums day for the Mums, only the guys????  
Happy Mothers Day 
@jordanknight Hey JK...Wish Evenlyn a Happy Mothers Day tomora for me..I had a Great Day, my gift will be tickets to see ya's ere in Oz 
@erniehalter yay Happy Mothers Day to me  Screw burnt breakfast in bed I'll take some E.  (erniehalter live &gt; http://ustre.am/2VkO)
Good Morning and Happy Mothers Day everyone 
Happy Mothers Day!!! 
Happy Mothers day to all the Mothers in my life 
Happy Mothers Day. Take ur mothers into a special place. 
Happy Mothers Day Mommy!!! I love you &amp;&amp; your the best... 
Happy Mothers Day!!!  &lt;3  
Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful MOMS out there. MOMS are what makes the world stay balanced. Have a great Mothers Day 
Happy Mothers Day to all Mothers every where 
Goodnight!  Happy Mothers Day!
is Happy Mothers Day.   Taking Mum out for dinner to one of my favourite restaurants down Glenelg now 
Happy Mothers Day mom!  I love you!
@Jewels14333 Happy Mothers Day 
OK dear tweeps, goodnight! I need 2 get up early 2 say Happy Mothers Day 2 wife n mom 
Happy Baby Mommas Day!!  to all the&gt;&gt; MOMMAS&lt;&lt; on Twitterville
Happy Mom's Day to everyone in the US 
Happy Mothers Day. Havent got mom a present yet? Print off an Amazon Gift Card for her!  http://snipurl.com/hq0n1
Happy Mums Day This is Nelly's shout out   http://skitch.com/t/tac
Happy Mommy's  Day to all you moms 
Happy Mothers Day 
Happy Christmas! No wait... What is it again happy M...........easels day. No but seriously.... Happy Mothers day...  lmao
Happy Mothers day  &lt;3
Happy Mothers Day Everybody!!!!!! 
Happy Mothers' Day to my mom, your mom, his mom and her mom! Woot woot.. moms rule! 
Spending a wonderful Mothers Day with Brad, Mom and Dad.  Happy Mothers Day to all Moms 
Happy Mothers Day to All the Mom's out there!! We Love You!!! 
Don't forget it's Mothers Day today, guys  But a smile on your moms face by giving her a call.
Happy Hug Your Mom Day!! love you mom 
Happy Mothers Day! 
http://snipurl.com/hq0n1 Just printed my mom an Amazon gift card  for Happy Mothers Day talk about last minute.
Happy Mothers Day! Same day, more chocolate 
Wishing @Blacksocialite a Happy Mothers Day 
Happy Mothers Day to all the mummies  oxoxo
http://snipurl.com/hq0n1 Just printed my mom an Amazon gift card  for Happy Mothers Day talk about last minute.
Happy Mothers Day! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mothers! Especially mine!  Enjoy ya day mothers!
http://snipurl.com/hq0n1 Just printed my mom an Amazon gift card  for Happy Mothers Day talk about last minute.
Happy Mothers Day! Will be going out later at 6 pm to watch a well renowned group of singers! 
Happy Mothers Day 
@moonfrye Happy Mothers Day 
and Happy Mothers Day to All you Moms out there i hope you had a good day 
is relaxing after working on Mothers Day.  Oh well. A good day had.  Hope you are all well 
@Ofana33 Happy Mothers Day 
shecky95 @renatak  Happy Moms Day to u as well and many more to come 
Happy Mothers day to all the Mom's on there!! 
im home!  Dinner with mum was delicious and nice  had a good time. Happy Mothers Day to all mums
Happy Mothers Day 
@Mrsdaughtry Happy Mothers Day! 
http://snipurl.com/hq0n1 Just printed my mom an Amazon gift card  for Happy Mothers Day talk about last minute.
Happy Mommy's Day to all the mothers in the world!  
@redheadlori Happy Mothers Day! 
Happy Mothers Day to all the mommy's out there!  
Happy Mothers Day. Havent got mom a present yet? Print off an Amazon Gift Card for her!  http://snipurl.com/hq0n1
http://snipurl.com/hq0n1 Just printed my mom an Amazon gift card  for Happy Mothers Day talk about last minute.
Happy Mothers Day!! 
Happy Mothers Day to Heidi Klum 
http://snipurl.com/hq0n1 Just printed my mom an Amazon gift card  for Happy Mothers Day talk about last minute.
Sleeeping ; just had to say Happy Momdukes Day 
Happy Mothers Day!!!! 
So grateful for my amazing family. How blessed am I. Happy Mothers day everyone 
Happy Mothers Day. Havent got mom a present yet? Print off an Amazon Gift Card for her!  http://snipurl.com/hq0n1
Happy Mothers Day to all my fellow mums - have a great day - mine will be spent in my garden with all of my family 
Had a lovely Mothers Day 
Happy Mothers Day to all Mom's 
Happy Mothers Day to all that are, all that are trying, and all that haven't nailed their teenagers to a tree 
Happy Mothers Day  even though its not in the uk lol
http://snipurl.com/hq0n1 Just printed my mom an Amazon gift card  for Happy Mothers Day talk about last minute.
greeting again every momma : Happy Momma's Day! 
@samjmoody @DebbieFletcher Happy Mothers day!! Xx 
Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful mom's out there  A day to cherish the best women in our lives
Happy Mothers Day to all your moms! 
Here we go again, back to work. Happy Mothers Day to all  Peace
Happy Mothers Day to all you mom out there 
@PeaceDiva Nice! What r ur plans for 2day? Oh n Happy Mothers Day if u happen 2 b a mother 
Happy Mothers Day 
Happy Mothers Day! allergies are gay. Oh and I hope Miller has a better day too 
goooodnight everyone!  and Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers out there.
Happy Mothers Day, Mum.. Love you lots   1 month and 11 days to go.. AND 1 month to go for ma bby  love you Bash
Happy Mothers Day  All my love
Happy Mothers Day! 
Good Morning Twitters: Happy Mothers Day to those who deserve it! 
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers out there!  
Fresh fruit fondue and french toast for the mom this morning.  Better not forget the lattes. Happy Mothers Day @ellelily 
Happy Mothers Day !  (if your a mother, if not say it to your mother)lol
Happy Mothers Day to all Mothers in America, our mothers day was in march, but I've decided to be extra nice today because i love my mum! 
The Coffee is VERY HOT and sooooo Good this moring.  Happy Mothers Day my Twitter Moms  
http://snipurl.com/hq0n1 Just printed my mom an Amazon gift card  for Happy Mothers Day talk about last minute.
Goood Morning yall, Happy Mothers Day! 
@clairelouise2 you might notice that I don't post about circ 'all day long', but only when needed. BTW, Happy Mothers Day 
Happy Mothers Day!!!!!! Off to Canzada's graduation!!!! 
@amygrant that's a great snack Amy. Happy Mothers Day. Hope you get lots of peanut butter chocolate treats today. 
Happy Mothers day..Of to God's Place..hollaaaaa 
Happy Mothers Day. Havent got mom a present yet? Print off an Amazon Gift Card for her!  http://snipurl.com/hq0n1
Happy mother's Day to all!  walking to Starbucks, digging the fact that I have a little village w/in walking distance. I'm almost European
With my mommy  Happy Mothers Day !
Happy Mothers Day!!!! 
Happy Mothers days!!! 
Happy Mommy's Day  ... putting the final touches on my gift for my momma .... brunch later. weeee!
Happy Moms Day to all da ladies out there, Today is your day so its time to show appreciation 
...Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful mothers out there! Enjoy your special day! 
Happy Mothers day to all the moms, and all you Aussies, need to remember your 2 legged friends, lots of Aussies adopted this weekend! 
Happy Mothers day_ to all you mOms out ther 
Happy Mothers Day 
it seems like its mothers day everywhere except England! Idc I'm gonna join in too: Happy Mothers Day Mommy 
First things first....Good Morning and Happy Mother's Day to all Moms  Love
@Hellzyea hey Hellzy u up and at em!? Thank u 4 the Happy Mothers Day wish! 
To the wife of @bradmcfaden . Faith, Happy Mothers Day to you. God has blessed you with the greatest job in the world. Have a great day. 
Happy 1st official Mothers Day to my amazing wife! She is an absolutely incredible mommy &amp; a even better wife!!  Love you!!
Happy Mothers Day Mom-Youre the BEST 
@vanwas Thanks Buddy, Tell Crystal Happy Mom's Day from me   Hope you guys have a Great Day! 
Happy Mothers day to all the moms  #tcot #tlot #gop #rpof
Happy Mothers Day Moms!! Gonna make breakfast in bed for the wifey, but figured I'd let her sleep in a little first! 
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms!!! LOve you all my beautifuls! 
Happy Mothers Day to all the Moms, Mamas, Mums, and Mothers out there. Waiting for all to get up and get dressed to take me to breakfast. 
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms out there.  Will see mine later today. 
@riggins I'll pass it on and Happy Mom's Day to you since you're a mom...sorta 
Good morning.Happy Mothers Day! 
Happy Mothers Day Mom! And all you other moms, keep up the good work 
Happy Mothers Day and Happy Birthday Mom!!! Singin at church 
Happy Mothers Day to everyone! Hope you have a wonderful day 
Happy Mothers Day to all the Moms out there! 
Happy Mothers Day to those in the US.... 
Awful weather  in our area here in Canada, 5c  raining and blowing.   '  Happy Mothers Day '  to all  !   
yeah!! Happy Mothers Day!!! 
Happy Mothers day to all the mommys out there... and most especially to my hot wifey!   Love you babe!
Happy Mothers Day to All of the Twitter World Mommies!!!  Have a most beautiful day!! 
Happy Mothers Day.. Giving all my &quot;Momma&quot; Figures gifts, then back home to cook for my mommy  awww.. Lol
Happy Mothers Day mommy 
@amandareddick @cjaydubb @nikkislaw1 Happy Mothers Day! Yes I'm counting godmothers too 
Happy Mothers Day (U.S.) and all Mothers Worldwide. 
Happy Mothrs Day to all the amazing women who have made life beautiful  I love me 
made breakfast for Mothers Day  &amp;not I'm watching The Blair Witch Project.
Happy Happy Mothers Day to all the mommies out there 
Happy Mothers Day to Heather, the awesome mom of my two little girls and to all the other great mothers out there. It is not an easy job 
Happy Mommy's Day! 
Happy Mothers Day! 
Happy Mothers Day  I just woke up and now I'm getting ready for 5 hours of community service haha yay.
@AlexisJordan Heeey Alexis Happy M- Day    I love you  Is it true that you have a record deal ??????
Happy Mothers Day!!! I'm getting ready for church. Yesterday was my mom's 87th birthday! Today we gather to celebrate everything 
Happy Mothers Day!  looking forward to todays service and what God brings 
@ThuWhiteRabbitt thank u for the Happy Mothers Day!!  ima need u to stop referrin to me as iiparis tho LOL I'm susiemoneymakerrrrr.
Happy Mothers Day 2 all the good Momms out there And to the baby mommas step yall game up an become Somebodies Wife 
@MacWoman Happy Mothers' Day! I love you. 
@KBT1017 Happy Mothers Day 
@samjmoody haha! at least it shows you how many amerian fans McFly has  Happy Mothers day anyway &lt;33
@HeyAmaretto And Happy Mothers Day to you, too! 
@Jonasbrothers hey guys i saw yesterday's episode and i wall laughing  tell ur mom &quot;Happy Mothers Day&quot;  and that she's great 
Good Morning,!! Happy Mothers Day  Mother Nature had provided a wonderful sunny beautiful day. Enjoy !! 
Happy Mothers Day to all of you moms out there  Hope you have a wonderful day!!
Happy Mothers day for all moms!!! I love you mummy !!!!!! 
Mothers day 
Happy *I don't have to do anything* Day to all the moms out there 
Up early.. Presenting my mom w/her mothers day gifts...Happy Mothers Day mom, love you and thanks for ALL that you do...  &lt;333
Happy Mothers to day to all the mothers today.Hope you have a great one 
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers out there  (via @lukevenk)
Happy Mothers Day!!  Breakfast, then church...
Happy Mothers Day to the best mother in the world :-D mine duh... Happy Mothers Day to all the other Mothers &amp; Single Dads too 
Happy Mothers Day everyone.  and I'm hungry.
Happy Mothers Day to all you Mothers 
Happy Mothers Day to all of the moms! 
Happy Mothers Day to all u moms ou there 
Happy Mothers Day  xx
Happy Mothers Day  @AshcatH
Happy Mommy's Day to all the moms 
Happy Mom's Day to all u moms ....  enjoy!
Morning Tweeples!! Busy day ahead ... Hitting the Driving Range, then a photo shoot, then ... wait, I need coffee first. Happy Mom's Day  
Happy Mothers Day!   
Working a lonnnng double today.... Happy Mothers Day to all you moms out there! 
...awake @6am on Mothers Day!?! Jus wanna go back to sleep but can't!!! Happy Mothers Day to All!!!  ?
BEAUTIFUL DAY  Happy Mothers Day ! Cleaning my moms house in philly with her today haha sooo fun!
Happy Mothers Day to all you moms out there 
@brittanies Happy Mothers Day 
To all the &quot;Yummy Mummies&quot; out there, Have a Happy Mothers Day!! 
Happy Mom's Day @ebacon @lrb23 @alisongaylin @sgmith @maadonna @theguigirl @gretared @vert @saraholden @seben @leisa @cwodtke. 
Have a blessed Mothers Day!   Chaarie 
Heading to Toronto. Happy Mothers day 
Happy Mothers Day 
@dikeeough @michellebythec  @frknrica Happy Mothers Day!  Enjoy yourselves
Happy Mothers Day everyone!! 
Happy Mothers Day madre 
Happy Mummy's Day to all moms!! 
http://twitpic.com/4x0nt - Happy Mothers Day!! 
Happy Mothers Day! 
AT COMMUNITY CHURCH!!!!!!!! Happy Mothers Day to my mother cos she truly loves me like no other 
Happy Mothers Day all you mothers  http://myloc.me/Gie
Happy Mothers Day to all you mothers both male and female! LOL 
laying in bed, smiling the biggest smile. It's beautiful out and last night was so fun &lt;3  Happy Mothers Day! 
Happy Mothers Day!  
Spending the day with my kids..Happy Mothers Day to all the mommies out there..I will update from my phone 
Spending my Mothers Day with my 2 Little Boys!  They are my heart and soul! &lt;3 &lt;3  
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers out there 
Breakfast in bed....mmmm  Happy Mothers day!
Happy Mommy Day!!! 
&quot;Shut your mouth and eat your supper.&quot; funny memories  &quot;Happy Mothers Day&quot;
&quot;Shut your mouth and eat your supper.&quot; funny memories  &quot;Happy Mothers Day&quot;
Happy Mothers day to all of the beautiful mothers 
Hallo! GUTEN TAG! and Happy Mothers Day 
Happy Mothers Day to all my mommy tweetettes out there!!!  much love!!
Happy Mothers Day!!! Enjoy your day! You all rock! 
@GeeEasy I hope not..I always do this though..shit is crazy cuz I don't feel tired..smh but anyway Happy Mothers Day homie!!! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mothers, Step Mothers, Grandmothers and Godmothers!    Much love and respect...
Happy Mothers Day everyone 
Happy Mothers day!!.... Figuring out what to do with my babies today! 
just woke up. Happy Mothers Day. i love you sooooo much mummy! 
Happy Mommy Day 
@mmarkows You yanks are so behind.. Mothers day is so 2 months ago.. 
Happy Mom's Day to all motha's out there! 
Happy Mothers Day 
Happy Mothers Day  !
Getting ready for church. OMG! Its Mothers Day! Rly bored txt me!! 
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers 
Happy Mothers Day to Everyone 
Happy Mothers Day to All Moms out there in Twitter Land 
Happy Mothers Day 
Happy Mothers Day! Enjoy one day of peace 
To @GolferGal2 @BrennaFender @elisetx213 @wrenak @SaqqaraBN @mmagruder1 &amp; all moms out there in Twitterverse: Happy Mothers Day! 
Happy Mothers day!!!!  &lt;3
To all my animal mommy friends;  Dog-Moms, Cat-Moms.....anything you call your child    Happy Mothers Day!!
@SherriEShepherd I hope you have a Happy Moms Day with Jeffrey! 
and Justin are getting photos taken today! Happy Mothers Day! 
Happy Mothers Day 
Happy Mothers Day - Purchase your mom a cruise today. 
@FunFitFamily Happy Mom's Day!!! 
Happy Mothers Day to All! It's a beautiful day, Let's nap!  or whatever makes you happy.
I'm having a lovely Mother's Day with my hubby and my son. Wishing everyone a Happy Mothers Day too! 
@onehipmama it's pretty. i like it. Happy Mothers Day to you. 
@mdcoyle Happy Mothers Day Meg  Just saw the TuxNTails clip, that orange kittah looked like a purrfect fashion accessory for you.  purr!
@StampinMom Happy mother's Day to you too! 
Happy Mothers Day 
on the way to cory's house for Mothers day....Happy Mothers day to all the mamas i know!! 
Happy Mothers Day!!!! SPending time with mom untill she leaves to go to the casino!!! 
HAppy Mothers dayyyy to all u mommy's out there 
Good Morning all, Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful Mom's out there! Off to cook for mine, and waiting for my son 
Hey Twit world, on my way to chruch, Happy Mothers Day to all u Mommys out there...enjoy ur day 
Happy Mothers Day to all the Moms out there!!! 
Happy Mothers Day 
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers of the world... 
Mother'S Day Is In June Here...But Happy Mothers Day To All The Moms 
Sitting here at Canzada's graduation, then Mothers Day lunch and Blowing Rock for shopping! 
@bobjan1978 Happy Mom's Day  Say hey to all for me, k
Happy Mothers Day to all you moms. 
@BUTTERFLEYES How lovely! Happy Day for you!! 
Its beautiful day in Montana this Mothers Day...Happy Mothers Day 
Happy Mothers Day 
@Lilafae Happy Mom Day Lil  Col says ditto 
Happy Mothers Day to @JustmeMrsE who is the greatest mother ever &amp; means the universe to me. I'm so happy I'm friends w/ my mom  &lt;3
Almost at my parents' church. Today is Malachi's baby dedication! (my nephew)   Happy Mothers Day!!
Happy Mothers Day to all ..... I feel blessed every day I am a mother!  Hugs to all 
@yokoono I agree. My mom is a living testimonial to this. Have a Happy Mothers Day, Yoko! 
Happy Mothers Day to my Mom in Plaster Rock, New Brunswick 
Happy Mothers Day! My mom is like asleep because we woke up at like 5:00. Yah we are like morning people. 
Happy Mothers Day boo!  tell your momma for me too.
Good morning tweeters -- Happy Mothers Day !! I have the best mom, I am lucky 
@DebbieFletcher Hi sweet, I wish you... Happy Mothers Day!! Have a wonderful and blessed Day! you deserve... 
Happy Mothers Day! Spend sometime with your mommys ,i will! 
Oh and I hope you all have a happy Mothers Day  Love you mom!
Happy Mothers day everyone  and those of u who aren't make sure u at least give ur mom a great big hug &amp; kiss &amp; tell her u love her!
Happy Mothers Day @jackeehamp. I love you! 
@SherriEShepherd  so, fun after party 'ey?    Given a shout out to ya cuz you rock!  Happy Mothers  Day.... take some time and enjoy... 
Happy Mothers Day to all the Moms out there!!! 
Happy Mothers day 
@EricStylez BFF! Hope you have a wonderful Mothers Day w/ your Queen! 
Happy Mothers day!  
@showingmyassets LOL i hear ya!  You sure have earned it, I know.  I have 4 boys and will be chanting the same thing   Happy Mothers Day!
Happy Mothers day @Jnellz83 
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms out there - I'm sure your kids are great and all, but I do not envy you one bit! 
Happy Mothers Day! Please be sure to keep all moms who are serving our country and their kids lifted up in your prayers! Thank u 
Happy Mom's Day  xoxo
going outt for supper tn(:    Happy Mothers Dayy 
Happy Mothers Day :] To All MOMMYS!! 
Happy Mothers Day! 
Happy MAMA Day to all of you ladies out there who CHOOSE to be a good mom each and every day  I applaud all of your sacrifices!!
Happy Mothers Day to all!  Enjoy! 
thoughts are with President Obama ...I'm sure your MOM is so Proud &amp; Smiling down on you...Happy Mothers Day 1st Family Ladies 
What a fabulous Mothers Day, I'm pretty sure I have the best family in the world! Happy Mothers Day to all. 
Happy Mothers Day!!     
Happy Mothers Day to All  the moms and to Those that have Moms . That means Happy Mothers Day EVeryONe 
@kissmeandcstars Happy Momma's Day 
Happy Mothers Day Twitting Mommies! ...or is it tweeting? 
Happy Mothers Day 
Happy Mothers Day 
Happy Mothers Day everyone 
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there and all the Dads who do it all! 
@mrskutcher my mom tells me the same thing every year!  Happy Mothers Day to you!!
Happy Mothers Day to all who've spawned kids and furbabies alike 
Let's try that again ... Happy Mommy's Day All!!!  
@basket_case_mom Happy Mothers Day! I guess you are doing laundry today also. 
Happy Mothers Day To All The Mothers 
To all the mums out there: Happy Mothers day! 
Happy Mothers Day to all you Moms  Have a Blessed day.
Happy Mothers Day to my Wife and all the mothers who follow me. You all have the HARDEST JOB in the WORLD. Hat's off to you all 
Running out the door - Bowling Sunday!!!  then to Brunch with my Mum!!!!   Happy Mothers Day all you Mothers!  
Happy Mothers Day to all of the wonderful wonderful moms in the twitterverse! 
Happy Mothers Day 
Running out the door - Bowling Sunday!!!  then to Brunch with my Mum!!!!   Happy Mothers Day all you Mothers!  
Happy Mothers Day to all my mommy Tweeps out there! Enjoy your day! 
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms everywhere  #mothersday
Happy Mommy's Day! I love miiii madreeeee 
Happy Mothers Day!!! 
@EricsTXGal Happy Mothers Day Goddess! Hope it's a great one for you!  *huggles*
@TorrieSmiley good news  Happy Mothers Day
Happy Mothers Day!!... &amp; Happy Birthday Cameron! 
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD MORNIN' TWIT-NAM!!!! Happy Mothers Day to all current and expecting! With that said, make us breakfast! I KID..I KID! 
mothers day, with mom. as it should be  haha. Happy Mothers Day to all you mothers! xoxo
Happy Mothers Day everyone! 
@Lexingtonangel Happy Mothers Day! 
Happy Mothers' Day everyone!! Breakfast in bed for my wife - our 2-year old helped eat it.  
Happy Mothers Day! Thank you mothers for being there for your child and helping others as well! 
Happy Mothers Day Mom. wish you was here, miss you beyond words.  Love you mom x x x x
Happy Mothers Day to all the Lovely mothers out there 
Hellooooo My Twits. Happy Mothers Day to all my M.I.L.F's...Ya'll know who u are!! 1 Love 
Wishing All my mothers Happy Mothers Day!!!!! 
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mommies out there! You all are AMAZING! :] Have a freakin awesome day! lol 
Happy Mothers Day ...can't wait to get with my fam a little later 
Happy Mothers day, guys 
@valdltdhq LOL. Enjoy!  Happy Mothers Day! 
Happy Mom's Day Korean church style-kimchi, bulgogi and rice. Yum  http://twitpic.com/4x9gy
Happy Mothers Day to all your mothers! Lol. 
Happy Mothers Day to all the mommy's out there!   
@Jewelsmyfav Happy Mommy's Day....And we all know your the baddest mamma in the game! 
Happy Mothers Day to yours and mines 
Happy Mothers Day! i love your Mommas and most especially, mine! getting ready, then church and iHOP. 
Happy Mothers Day! 
@Ladyalana : I thoght its a Mothers day.. but u celebrated it as &quot;Family&quot; day...  ..
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms!! Wow, planning trips wit Mia alreadyyy! YAY! lol  SO excited
Happy Mothers Day to my beautiful mom. Love you mom 
Happy Mothers Day to all mommies! And a Special one to First time mommies  Spending my First one with My Loves ?
Happy Mothers Day to all mom's out there 
@DavidArchie Hey David! Tell your mom i said Happy Mothers Day and i hope her day is special! 
@shyninjahinata You're very welcome and tell her Happy Mothers day! 
Happy Mothers Day to anyone who's a mother! I love you mommyyy 
I am wishing all of your MOM's Happy Mothers Day!!! Have a great day... hopefully my daughter is taking me for brunch  **wink **wink
Happy Mothers Day 
Happy Mothers Day!! 
Happy Mothers day 
Its a beautiful day to be mothers day! I love you SO much, mom! More than you can know! Happy Mothers day to all the moms! You rock! 
Happy Mothers Day! 
Happy Mothers Day! . I am going to a mother's day bbq! 
Happy Mothers day 
@_kaetran @ashliewins @uhreecuh @ericalindsay @jRyanL @itsEBwright @dollarbeau @_Asia please tell your mommys Happy Mothers Day from me 
Happy Mothers Day for all mathers and for my great momma!!  I love you, mommy!!!!
Happy Mothers Day to all of your mothers 
Happy Mothers Day 
Happy Mothers Day here some mothers day green ideas 
Happy Mothers Day. Family dinner this evening 
Happy Moms Day ladies!!! 
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mommies, Mommies to be, dog mommies, stepmommies and any other mommy out there 
It's Mothers Day &amp; Happy Day to all the mom's out there. Have a GREAT Day I know I will     Planting some flowers &amp; family  time...
Happy Mothers day to all the mothers  including mine
Happy Mothers Day to ALL my Twitter moms...Hope you guys have a good one... 
3 days till my birthday   Happy Mothers day to my Mom!
Busy day yesterday-- Race for the cure+ Star Trek+ Bra fitting  Happy Mothers day to all the mommy's in de world!
Happy Mothers Day! 
Happy Mothers Day!!!... i'm thinking Greek for lunch 
Happy Mommy's Day! 
Wishing all mamas a Happy Mothers Day! To my fitness friends too! @MoreMuscles @greenteagirl @Lizanneh 
Happy Mothers Day. As for me - starting the official taper period 
Happy Mothers day to all of my sexy Twettets 
Happy Mums day to all you Mums out der. Have a wonderful day and may it be a special one! 
Happy Sunday &amp; Mothers Day to all the Mom's out there!!  Hope you have a wonderful day!! Yes, it really is me! LOL!
Happy Mothers Day! Doing mom's nails then hopefully laying out by the pool 
Happy Mothers Day!! watchin a House marathon, luv that show. 
@hikarii She is absolutely perfect. I'm so happy for you guys - Happy Mothers Day!! 
Happy Mom's Day to all the fantabulous mothers out here in Twitterville.  May all the mom blogs be loaded with sweet thoughts and love 
Happy Mothers Day Mom!!!  @TheREALMahogany
@ksrittenhouse: you are having a great day (and a reprieve from packing   Happy Mothers's day.  @cheenara: nice fashion pieces!.  ~ Kathy
Getting ready to go to a Mother's Day lunch at the grandparents  Happy Mothers Day to all! I love my kids 
@AllStarNinja Happy Mom's Day to you too and nice to meet you.    Keep smilin!   Zigh Jien......  
@mariashriver Happy Mothers day Maria, hope it was a great day.  I think U &amp; ur Hubby r great people 
Happy Mothers day, mothers 
@mommykins41 http://twitpic.com/4yh19 - Awww that is so cute .. Happy Mothers Day 
Treat you mother with respect, will you!! Happy mothers Day!! 
Says Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful mamas the world over! 
Happy Mothers day.  Today I did my first wheelie.  
@kayakcove @tamadear Happy Mothers' Day to you both!! 
just wanna send one last shout out to all the mommas and mommas mommas Happy Mothers Day! we luv yall to death. You Go Girls! 
Happy Mothers Day with my in-laws and Trolley Dogs by the lake! Yummy fun 
Studying for finals..  I'm so happy school ends this week, but then I only got a week off and summer school starts. Happy Mothers Day!!
Word To Yo Motha! Seriously tell your mum i said Happy Mothers Day!  &lt;3SindeeLee
@juliahasarrived Hi cuh! Please greet your Mom Happy Mothers' Day for me! Miss you! Love you! 
Happy Mothers Day Mom... OMG nothing to do.. and usually taulking to ptople who can acctually go on with a conversation... anyways 
Ate all my moms favorite Samoan dishes...It's her day!!!...a mother of 9...I love her So much... Happy Mothers Day 
@JasonCakes you're welcome  happy late Mothers-Day!
@Ant1914 Happy Birf Day! 
@IceburgMO Not old... just one year closer to retirement.  Happy B-Day.
Happy Victoria Day weekend everyone  YAY off for a few days finally 
http://twitpic.com/5envt - Happy B-Day @OMFGFrankie Hope this is as cool as the &quot;Cigarette in the cookie&quot; you gave me. 
Happy Somaliland Independence Day 
Happy Victoria Day to Canada! My calendar is full of N/A holidays. Wish I had time to celebrate them all 
Happy Victoria Day folks ! 
Oh yeah, Happy Victoria Day! 
Happy V-Day ppl 
is having Mama's Day dinner tonight. Better late than never! 
Wishing all my Canadian friends a Happy Victoria Day! - enjoy your free time 
To all of our fellow Canadian Tweeps......Happy Victoria Day!   Enjoy the holiday.
What A Happy Day. 
Happy Victoria Day to all fellow Canadians out there! 
I Loooooooove Holiday Mondays! Sleeping in! Just woke up to take some meds and now back in bed.  Happy Victoria Day!
Happy Luna Day to you all! 
Oh Happy Day. Oh Happy Day. Heading home. Love that the weekend is here! 
Happy happy, joy joy...happy happy, joy joy...it's #followfriday &amp; the beginning of Memorial Day weekend!  Help other peeps connect 2day.
@markbaars Good Afternoon to you and Happy #fuckingfriday my &quot;Weekend Party&quot; Pal hahaha Hope your Day is going Well 
Remember all those who serve today and those you lost their lives yesterday for our country,Happy Memorial Day Wkend  Oorah!
is celebrating New Jerusalem Day!!  Happy 42nd!!  
Happy &quot;Memorial Day Weekend&quot; everyone!  Please remember our troops who are fighting and have fought for our Safety, Liberty &amp; Freedom!  
@OneCoach Thanks for the #followfriday  Happy Memorial Day weekend!
@krocla Happy Memorial Day to you too, Claire dearest! I owe you an e-mail, will drop by soon! 
Focus:cleaning/towels and pasty cancellations.  Staying on top of my game today to get out of work on time for a wake. Happy Day Everyone 
Thank You to all those who make our freedom possible! Happy Memorial Day! 
Downloading 3.0 for my iPhone. Happy Day!  
Happy Crunchie Day everyone!! 
