Most common words for this cluster:
[('day', 2450), ('rainy', 165), ('weekend', 109), ('sunny', 77), ('morning', 73), ('sun', 66), ('summer', 58), ('days', 53), ('vacation', 52), ('week', 46), ('com', 39), ('http', 38)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'day', 0.9666348695755005), (u'week', 0.6674737930297852), (u'days', 0.6522132754325867), (u'morning', 0.6386129260063171), (u'hours', 0.6058762073516846), (u'afternoon', 0.5975767970085144), (u'month', 0.5957918167114258), (u'weekend', 0.5831727981567383), (u'Brainiac_Learn_something', 0.5727493762969971), (u'night', 0.5681840181350708)]





bad day at the betfair office 
twiggassssssss I been out of range all day  I'm back now and hopefully for good.
trying to reduce the number of cigarettes in each day! 
morning all - 1st appointment of the day - the dentist ! 
I need a holiday  only one day off this year.
A lovely day, blazing sunshine.... too bad I have to work 
Thinking of pay day.....another 3 weeks to go  lol
@dilyswei thank you! i know its not over but the fact that i studied day and night made me sad 
Such a sunny, hot day! So beautiful but I feel so bored 
A glorious sunny day and I've got a headache 
Raining on a vacation day 
long day ahead...weening off caffeine 
@SharneseLaNier very good morning for me, i have traffic court 2day 
rainy day 
Not wanting to get rid of her rabbits.  This is going to be a great day..
Another day another half dollar... 
Fourth day of holidays, im sooo bored!!! 
@lucyrider Haha, our windows are barred. I'm a prisoner 9-5! I wish I was joking  Such a beautiful day too!
Churnalism is definately the order of the day 
another snowy day in northern ohio... 
@luckychristi - there is... I hope that some day bullying isn't tolerated nor is gun violence isn't common 
Finally home after a long hard day. The best part is I have to be back up in 6 hours 
will be going to dentist later in the day for braces check-up 
Yet another day -- working thru a weekend sucks 
is it wrong that i'm fighting my eyelids at this time of day 
@CityMommySLC I'm good...funky rainy day here 
nooooo only one more day of holiday left  ... still so so much work to do...
@buckhollywood Have fun! I, on the other hand, have a boring day. I have an exam in the afternoon. 
why are we all inside on this sunny day 
rainy day   clean house I guess...
writing a paper all day 
just woke up... what to do, what to do... another day/ night with no computer 
Tomorrows the last day of spring break  it went by to fast!
why is everyone else getting tons of subscribers, while i work so hard to get some, and i get like 2 a day 
@parachutesfail I agree, Saturdays are stupid. I have to work all day as well.  
@coreyownsme: I'll be doing homework most of the day so I feel your pain. And andrew won't be here all day since he is working 
@LaBellaLuLu the sunny day went away....  make it come back.
Ah, birthday morning. The sun is shining. It's warm outside. What a perfect day...  to be scheduled to work 
Looks like it will be another rainy day 
...beautiful weather...LONg day ahead..so much to do so little time 
has had a really unproductive day  I've got loads to doo arghh
@flowseeker the timelapse stills are in folders oranized by day for 1 yr. Bringing them in a day at a time. They're named by time of day 
@RJDanvers Its a beautiful day to do it! I'm dreading the cat make up 
@angelicabarros indoors @ work on this beautiful 80 degree day 
what a tiring day 
@mofobamfyo ugh...only one day of break left for me... 
exhausted after a long day of babysitting 
@WillBates yeah lol  we go thru this every day unfortunately ....
Enjoying my last day of holidays... even though I have a cold 
Last day of holidays! 
going to bed to be woken(?)  into my last vacation day 
One more day until vacation is over! 
birdied on the second hole this morning, then bogeyed the rest of the day. 
has one more day until spring break is over 
What a sad day it is when you realise that summer has finally left us! 
just took the longest nap ever &amp; wasted a beautiful day 
I think I slept weird...my neck has been hurting all day. 
Last day of holidays  - should i do my h/w?? NAHHH.
One more day of holidays 
last day of the holidays... 
last day of the holidays, bak 2 skool 
I want a third day to this weekend 
gorgeous sunny day, really want to go outside, still not sure i can walk on my stupid ankle, i need a wheelchair 
Slowly waking up, missing day two of the hackathon due to a sudden illness 
I hate 1 day weekends. 
AAAH i'm going to be all day waiting to print notes 
why does it have to be a sunny day when i have to do homework 
is tired from an exhausting day. busy week ahead 
@reimasae my crops dropped dead when I forgot to log in for one day 
Its a rainy day in rome. 
last day of eaaster holidays....ugh. i woke up with my jaw in paain 
last day of holidays..... 
Looks like another rainy day is upon us 
Last day of freedom 
What a gorgeous day &amp; I get 2 spend it inside icing my foot. 
@franhealy not good then  hope your day improves bud!
doing my homework  i should have not left it until the last day lol
What a lovely day we are having! I really want to get out of my room and stop doing coursework to enjoy it!!! 
last day of easter 
Wishes for one day that I didn't have to get up so early.. 
doesn't know how to spend her laste day of the holidays 
enjoying my last day of break-sorda. back to being a teacher in the morning 
weng! 1300 baht left! and i have 11 days left. 120 bath a day kubbb 
Long travel day. 
A day full of homework for me 
still not wanting to do homework  just wanting to sit around all day!!
This weather is great! Last day of freedom! 
last day of spring break means homework 
another day, another essay  ...
Last day of vacation. 
i cannot believe it is the last day of spring break 
off to fetch my boy from his afternoon at the football... not a good day for 4 hours in the car 
major migraine! must stop smoking weed 2day 
homework all day  ugh
studying &amp; doing homework all day! 
Awww! It's the last day of spring break 
one more day of vacation 
Last day of break 
one more day until i'm crazy busy again 
....last day of spring break, then back to crappy subbing 2m  
2day officially starts my fasting week. 
Such a rainy day. 
honestly? i really wanted to make it to earth day expo this weekend 
my last day of spring break..... 
@BrokenAngel  *hugs* i'm sorry the day has started out so shitastic 
Stuppppppid papers all day long!! Even thought it's going to be 80 
Having a really productive day in the sweatshop, but missed out on the sunshine 
wishing it wasn't the last day of spring break 
homeee . great I have play practice every day thiss weeek 
morning -  lovely day to be sat in an office 
day full of meetings  
@Jonasbrothers do you  like chocolate? i did.... until easter day 
is going to check out the 4/20 day soon, no smoking for me though 
Two deaths in one day? wtf? 
Meetings all day; on the road most of the day; I hate traffic jams 
I can't wait for the day to be over -- I've been feeling so yucky ever since I woke up this morning 
taxes payment day  aggggh
really doesn't want to spend the day in the library 
gray day 
i wish it was still weekend , the weather is beautiful again and i want to spend the day outside but i have to work 
Morning! Last day of the holidays then back to reality 
too many bill to pay on one day... 
About to go to the library, to spend this sunny day inside 
Last day of holidays 
it's my birthday but i feel this is an ordinary day... 
is its rainy outside  so tired but has a full day ahead
first schoolday after 2 weeks holiday... a bad day... 
I hate having to do dissertations on such a beautiful day 
lovely sunny day 2day! got to pay for my car tax 2moro 
Another week - another day stuck in an office when the sun is shining!  
BedtiMe another horrible day awaits. 
Just finished the morning devotional. It's a rainy day so looks like no excuse not to do housework. 
*Yawns* Morning! It's a crappy rainy day outside 
fingers crossed, not happy about the rainy day though 
My day is ruined... its not fair why build me up just to see me fall 
its raining. what a sad day. 
first day back to work and the sun comes out. 
Another rainy day.  
What a complete waste of a day off this has been 
@billkaulitzlovr It was just a horrible day.  Really horrible. I don't want a repeat, but I know it'll happen again.
the start of another day - a paperwork day  I bet it will be sunny outside
Another day another dollar...  i don't want to work.
Its cold and gloomy 2day 
@sazzle84 Not too cold here, and the sun is starting to make an appearance so looking like another good day. Although in meetings till 1 
To the dentist this morning  but the rest of the day is a day off. Or is it?
Another sunny day - fab - but now time to work 
WHY is it raining in belfast? this wasn't what we were promised! that one day of sunshine is probably all we'll get this year 
is off to the library for yet another long day 
last day of hols... fed up 
is bummed she has to spend this ridiculously gorgeous day in the labs working. Especially since we only get like 40-50 days of sun a year 
k pizza of the day cloudy 
good morning tweethearts....another rainy day  off to work I go.
Last day of the easter holidays.   Next year I should consider hibernation.
working on this sunny day 
I just want to stay in my warm waterbed all day and sleep 
such a nice day, too bad i have no plans 
a good day starts with...tax law 
gaaagghh, only back one day and I knock out that pesky filling again 
Lubberly day and I'll spend most of it rehearsing indoors 
is spending a lovely day in sunshine in the library. 
http://twitpic.com/4e6uj - rainy day 
@zuzu 18th is a day before mine 
It was a great day until the sun went away and it started to rain 
last day of vacation 
@jenniferhuber Haven't decided for sure, but we're probably going to spend the day looking at cars. 
hopes it doesn't rain ALL day.. 
I'm up at 7:30 on the day of prom because i have to decorate 
Just going to dancing, but its such a nice day! i want stay outside 
 baby died last night. @$%%$# day.
what a cold, dreary morning. it's pouring outside...and will be most of the day. 
is tired and hungover and does not want to ne bloody studying on such a lovely day booo 
Wish that I was helping out @stevegerrard instead of sitting in a gallery all day 
rainy day paper writing blues 
@PerlaLuna , i didnt see her on her b.day ..  we were supost to have dinner, but she canceled..
what a cold and gloomy day  isn't may supposed to be warm!?
day of packing and studying 
Working @ borders all day  booooooo!!!!!!!!
Just starting second shift of the day 
Another rainy day in stillwater 
I hate rent day. I iz broke 
The first beautiful day outside in like two weeks and i'm stuck inside working! 
Another day of rain, and an 8hr shift 
marathon study day... and by day i mean weekend 
been doing stupid essay all day    taking a short break from it
Enjoying my 13 day summer until i am a big girl on the 15th 
worst day ever 
Last day of freedom 
i just wasted the whole entire day sleeping...now im pissed off 
looooong day of babysitting and it's not even over yet 
rainy day in florida. 
i forgot it was free comic books day 
I just left the warmest most comfortable bed to go back to my cold and not so comfortable bed  sad day
A little red after a day in the sun 
Finally a day off! - still have to work bank holiday monday though 
@sjcNKOTB the only time we get more pay is when we work xmas day and new year day apart from that no extra 
'morning. the last day of holidays 
Would be a nice day to do some re-enactment 
I really need to do some housework  I'm sure I can put off for 1 more day!
@bebiv Ah isn't it just a nightmare!!I've so much to do 2day 
What a lovely day and I'm sat inside working 
taking a shower .. sick  just one more day  looking forward to carina to come on this evening xD
is sisk and last day of holidays 
why does it have to be sunday already...last day of freedom for 12 days! 
morning ppl! ugly day 2day  rain! but i still have 2 go out in it bummer
last day working at the nursery 
Canucks and the bulls down in one day 
speech writing day. 
Spending this beautiful day...at the library 
Is awake but wishes she  was still sleeping..last day Of vacation 
Off to work on such a rainy day 
@butterflykate I've been painting the gamesroom all day  I didn't see any hot men...
last day here  bongo room maybe cafe de luca at eleven for brunch!
library day... Again 
It looks like it's going to be another gloomy day  is a day of sunshine too much to ask for?!?
@sparktography The one ingredient I have is granulated garlic  It's go-to-market day.
Writing papers all day, and taking a final later 
beautiful day and i'm stuck inside studying 
Last day of vacation. so sad 
So, I'm not used to standing up all day in my Aldos. 
@mileycyrus awesome. I spent my day waiting around for classes that were cancelled. 
i wish plane ticket prices weren't jacked for memorial day 
So exhausted. And I still have another day of packing to go 
another long day with schoolwork 
Last day of pink 
Going to campus all day  bye
morning all day 3 of the tonsil wars! i still seem to be loosing 
another day another fifty cents...calling for rain all week here 
Another rainy day 
In meetings all day 
Last day of my internship and last day of undergrad classes  flew by
One down... One more to go for the day.  Finals suck 
I think... I'm going to take a little nap....   long day!!
In bed all day with the flu. I ache 
Bout to lay down and watch a movie...not a good day 
Relisted, didn't fit  sad day! http://tinyurl.com/dhqyuk
Man, I've been playing video games all day. What a wasted day. 
I stupidly took a nap earlier 2day and now I can't go to sleep. This rain is really messing with me.  
@samt77 so does an all day drinking session 
why are the day shift always later when I am really tired!!!! 
Is going to have a nice day in the sun - reading for my exams 
the day went  boring so far ....  i think i need a vacation again  
lovely day would be relaxing but have chores to do 
getting ready for a relaxing day...and doing a little laundry 
@ChrisPitcher lucky sod! Although I have just slept all day 
is still feeling the effects of the all day session  good day though 
Is in topshop orientation for the day 
writing papers all day 
Wickid day offroading too bad the truck is broken...again 
lost my phone while i was mother's day shopping last night...  i know where it is tho... haha in sephora
going to the gym now yayyyyy. it's a very shitty windy day out 
Why can't we have three-day weekends 
is sad that my unplanned 3 day weekend is over 
@mccmarianne [[[[[[[[hugs]]]]]]]] yeah it was a tough day ... I just don't see it getting easier  I guess we have to deal the best we can
ohhhhhhhhhh, very long day, it just started and i am dreaming of my nap at 6, i wake up asking myself when i will get back to sleep 
bad day.  kill me nowwwwwww pleaseeee.
so much for curling my hair on a windy day. 
off to my lessons--the last day  . Brb! ;)
@DanWarp it will be a truly sad day when the lemon goes bad 
Wow, day two on the diet SUCKS. I'm tired, and can't sleep. 
is up at ridiculous o'clock to spend the day in the library! 
I dropped my telstea phone on the ground and shattered it, one day old, I need to get a new one 
Today might be the day I break my 129-days-without-chocolate streak. And I was doing so well 
Mainly gaining tonsillitis as the day goes on 
sad day at the agency 
so happy i found my cat. he was missing all day 
@c14ism I know, I keep hearing that, I hate rainy and muggy...  the 10 day forecast seems to think it will get better mid next week!
Today is a very, very sad day  #lost #season #final
worst day ever!! 
Storm woke me up, i hope it wont be like this all day 
worst day ever 
hey.................bad day.............exam was chaos for me.... 
another day, another subject to revise 
this day is not starting out right.....people wakeing me up all night 
last day of math, last night at becca's, really sad 
awwww seniors last day 
@alliecobra nooo not a snow day... too cold 
I'm off to an early appointment I've been dreading. 7 is too early in the day to be awake, let alone coherent.  It's just cruel.
seriously, it's a baaaad rainy day 
The bus almost left me  sad day!
its my day off and its raining 
a very sad day it is  i hate goodbyes
first day of classes 
what a cold and rainy day... 
rainy day! 
@nathanrandall  Doesn't sound like a good day. Headaches are so annoying - I hope it leaves you soon!
Dealing with a migraine this morning....It's rainy and dreary here.....What a yucky day!!! 
@semipenguin I wanted a rainy cloudy day but it went sunny 
@PitbullMomma111 can't sleep...new puppy has day and nite mixed up 
the day didn't go as planned, but it was still successful. now it's time for bed, because i know i'll be up with the sun  
@verwon I dont' even have a pay day 
fever fever go away.. please don't come back another day.. burning up and cold @ the same time 
i havent talked 2..(some1 speacial)  for a hole day 
A rainy day, too bad, because we had plans to go to the zoo 
...stood in reception looking out to another rainy day, you've got to love British summer time 
morning. i thought it was really sunny &amp; warm 2day but its all rainy-v. rainy 
Revision..... All day!! 
the most beutiful day this spring....and I'm in front of the laptop  but it's a must do!!!
the most beutiful day this spring....and I'm in front of the laptop 
@CHELLETASTIC no but he may as well have  I blame him cos we got ill on exactly the same day and our symptoms are shockingly similar haha!
&amp; have to work all day sun 
I'm so tired so tired so tired so tired god I wish this were a three day weekend 
it's another day of emptiness 
 last day of weekend.
It's a beautiful day .. what about me? I just get up now ..  .. was pretty tired from the long work day/night.
Arghh sunny day and I'm closed in the university labs 
Waking up with some migraine to ruin my day 
@VincentFrontera what's there to do on a rainy day? 
last day to jam to the mtv jam of the week 
I get to stay inside all day! Yaaaayerz! 
Is doing homework... Probably all day 
totally overslept and missed yoga.    now i have to clean all day.
doesnt understand how it can be such a pretty day one minute and then turn so nasty and wet the next. 
metro station comes to norway the day i graduate 
What a beautiful day to be at the driving range! Too bad I can't golf  http://twitpic.com/5dghf
rainy day!  
Getting food poisoning on the first day of my holiday is really not what I was hoping for 
my day just got a little better but i have to do homework later 
Another miserable rainy day. 
Almost done working for the day...my feet huuuuuuurt  
i got my maths gcse 2day 
what a long hot day...ahhh i miss my bed 
@caldjr You too. What a horrible wet day though. 
good morning all. hope u have a better day than i do. sob  x
Last day of my vacation 
Last day in dam 
homework... (shouldnt have waited till last day to do like 3 assignments due same day that ive had like a term to do    )
Last day of childhood 
Miserable day again, looks like I have got to do some painting 
busy day! 
is lazing around before a hard day of shopping!  but then work  
@HelenCrozier hey i hit 106 on flight control the other day.... hubby is at 119  how was your w'end?
Maths exam 2day 
@santoshp damn! just the day when i did not want to ride in the rains!!! 
long day of tidying ahead of me 
@glennw into a shop th other day they asked me when I broke up for the holidays. I wanted to hit her 
hating the day!! more jobs to do... huffff..... 
230509 judgment day 
@JanaAlyssa neither am I. I just hate thinking that I am missing out  The day it comes will be the happiest day of my year so far 
rainy day and a funeral to go to 
I've been having allergic reactions almost every day....can't figure out what I'm allergic to!!  This is horrible. 
for you??? kewl and gang just listened to it there ... ya I had heard it .. go for it ...im in brutal form 2day 
@rickoshe for you??? kewl and gang just listened to it there ... ya I had heard it .. go for it ...im in brutal form 2day 
I am having a terrible allergy day...stayed up almost all night with these damn allergies!!! grr 
Yet another day that i am to suffer. I can never fall asleep b4 the sun comes up 
Morning all. Another busy day. 
is last day of games 
12 hours till the graduation day 
@luluchandie85 its sunny one minute and raining the next  have a good day 
Last day of vacation  
Today seems like it's going to be a long day haha it's dark and rainy out and my puter is being very slow 
@ktdeeds you have 3 day weekend I work all those days. 
what an eventless day soo far 
andy just left for his 3 month motorcycle trip across the country. sad day. 
Finishing a day of multitasking 
Last day of skiing for the year.... This is depressing! 
Last day of the long weekend 
The worst day of our young lives 
is not liking the attitudes so far this day. It's going to be a long one 
wow, just about managed to empty my inbox before the end of the day. Now please add another week for all the actionables 
Not having a good marriage day.  
Feeling rather rubbish this morn and already want the day to be over 
Today is my last day of vacation.  I'm about to go to bed, and then when I get up, do as little as possible.
@GatwickSolo i don't like single shifts, least a single day is better than a single night, i've had three in the last month! 
Seniors last day 
2 weeks of vacation, 3 days of evening shifts, one day off.....and then a random 7am shift thrown in just to throw me off.  i'm sleepy 
Wow rain just go away for one day! It's supposed to be summer. 
It's a lovely day out there, and i'm stuck inside 
is procrastinating packing L up for daycare b/c it's her last day and it's so sad. 
what a day.. and can't believe I have to cut out bananas.no fair 
no three day weekend for me 
not another rainy day...  that makes me sad!
Last gold day... Except for 5th period i loved gold days 
@wings2011 mean young but missed the 'n'!!!! blonde day 2day!!!!!  xx
@BlackPlastic granted. It's bad enough my iPhone has been banned from my wedding day 
leaving now...going to miss another beautiful day 
Like every year on memorial day weekend = rain. 
Starting off memorial day weekend in the doctors office. 
Waiting on field day to start. . Wish it wasn't wet outside! 
up early... on my day off.   packing for 3 days at the coast.
I can't believe that it is 25 degrees at 10:30 in the morning. That means it's going to be a beautiful day, and I'll be inside all day 
Wish I had a 3 day weekend 
not a 4 day weeknd 
was in art this moring but it was too nice outside to stay in all day haha i reeeeeli need to study now 
I've had the hiccups all day long! 
library all day... it's too beautiful outside to be in. 
@hostageek Thanks for reminding me about the snow day-now I'm sad..... 
first memorial day weekend not down the shore in a while  
i've been throwing up all day. i feel like i've used up all my energy. 
didn't get to go to the park  my day has been officially ruined
It's a hot day and I'm on a crowded bus...this isn't pleasant! 
Why does it have to rain on our last day of vacation? 
sickk  watching movies all day.
wasting a completely perfect golf day 
been studying physics all day  lynnes here too though so its not that bad
Last day of 3 day weekend  3 weeks till summer... where mcat fun
the one day i don't take my umbrella... i get rained on 
having a four day weekend was fabulous! I am SO bummed its over now 
@KapilJoshi ah my boss is having a bad day. Now I know my horoscope for the day 
is paying the price for an amazing weekend right now...so sick, haven't gotten out of bed all day 
is in meetings for the whole day.... 
another gloomy day  boo
I'm getting ready to head out but it's a rainy day!    Not sure if I want to get my big red balls wet...
I have one more day left of my externship. 
2morrow is the last day of my vacation 
@TOMSshoes sad day my toms just ripped 
migraine starting to let up at last, I can't even tell you how horrible this one was -.- wasted my day too didn't get much done at all 
So this headache I've had for the past four days just gets bigger every day. It's never going away. 
Up and packing. Its the last day of youth camp 
@joek949 It's depressing I'm stuck inside all day 
A day of administrative jobs 
@yukihoang and of course it happens on the day I got a carwash. 
@markboulton @robertmills Looks like I'm on tea duty all day. 
Wow what a sunny day,  just recovering some erased files 
I should learn not to walk all day, and then sprint through sprinklers without stretching. 
Again documentation day 
morning all....beautiful day...best go enjoy some sunshine before i have to go to work...unfortunately 
last full day of vacation 
this hot day is making me tired 
worst, most depressing day, ever.  r.i.p
It's a windy and rainy day 
This weather is awful! I just want to curl up and read a book all day 
inside on a beautiful day! 
just spent all day putting up a trampoline but is now too tired to use it...  it is very cool though!! 
@ozzblair  hugs for the bad day you're having?  
another rainy day 
1:13 finished essay! off to sleep, busy day tmr 
Last day for our professional interns 
has had a fab day on placement, But working all weekend. 
what a bad day 1 of my close relative has died so i wont be going to florida 
Such a beautiful day. I just wish I had the energy to enjoy it. 
Another day in jury duty. 
 sad day*Lakers please make me happy with a W
so much for an amazing day...some pervert just ruined it 
my apartment is emptying out more &amp; more each day.. so sad.. last week at 2000  
Legs are hurting because I was standing up all day. 
@LindseyNHess I agree 100^%! It's a great day! If only I had a window to see it... 
Around 3 hours left until a 3 day weekend and I have waaaay too much work to do. 
so much for a day off- I've been on my feet, all over the place, all day! 
I'm being held captive on my day of freedom. 
@nellcon I cannot  I have a full day of activities lol
@jjskidmore i was in front of u the other day i waved and u didnt  off to eddie izzard now!
This will be the worst day ever....graduation 
Last day in maui 
@Mileycyrus I tried 2 vote 4 u the other day but I couldn't figure out how 2 do it  help? Lol
Not a happy camper  not having a good day at all...
So tired   Last group of the day is performing now.. It's been an interesting one.
So.... the first day back to work = 300+ emails still to get through  
long day and i still have to mow the lawn 
sunniest day in ages and im in bed 
It rains and it sucks so much because it's the second day in a row 
My graduation day... And i feel like a failure... 
Finally feels like a nice summer day, and I'm feeling sick 
walking back 2 wk. Its a beautiful day. had 2 njoy it b4 it rains 
Bad day  The day you realize what mess you've put me through will be one of the happiest days of my life...
@withloverianeee i hav a bet to get a 6 pack in 35 days...im on day 3..it sux 
Last session of the day  http://twitpic.com/67ezh
Its official, I'm having the worst day. I called it a mile away 
What a day, 12 hours work  But I'd really like my job, it's fabulous :b
what a day!!! motorways and trains noooootttttttt fun 
@themaguire maybe one day I can be on your favorite producers list  lol
I need to sleep for a whole day to recover from this birthday!! I'm getting so old!! 
@joshjnap I'm honestly incredibly upset we couldn't make it. Devestated even. We would have lost a whole travel day and it just sucks 
hey guys y did the sun make my day gloomy? 
feeling better. drugs are awesome! sad waste of a 3 day weekend! 
7.53.  7 minutes till 8. This is not my best day.  I`m late for class again.
@Stace3811 I'm sorry you aren't having a good day.  cheer up though, your day doesn't define you...
I just saw @MelBoBellani. that was the hilight of my day. 5 mins with her was not enough. 
worst day ever 
@meghannian ::falls to the ground taking you with me and huggles hard:: #imissedyou HIHIHIHIHI!!!! what did i miss 2day? #stupidworksuxes 
@trinaislost not that I saw  its a green day interview with lowie now =D
bad day.  bad bad day.  my honey lost his job 
Is having a bad day at shave it. 
haha getting ready for bed  tomorrows a big day, going canoeing.
worst day ever! 
all day and no mastodon 
getting hot in here...can't enjoy the sunny day 
no longer going to the beach   but going to greenville with emily in the morning! fun! had a pretty rough day though
@sammycocochanel noo not yet  i've been writing notes all day!
@ddlovato Some day can you write back me, please? I know that you're a superstar but I want that you talk me  haha
had my last day of lab... 
is not having a very good day and would like some cuddles please 
I'm really glad it was payday! but now dexter day is over 
12 hour day shift ahead of me and its gorgeous out, not fair!! 
Uuugh so tired, todays my last day cycling to work  we're moving to the southside so I'll have an hour and a half commute each day :/
good mornin..its a rainy day 
gutted....three day weekend and i have the flu 
@lindaleetritton I agree!  I'm having to deny about 10 'experts' per day!  It's getting ridiculous!!  
30 day ban 
another cloudy, rainy day, 10` C outside, is this summer? 
@Hazysky aww well you have a good day its library for me 
@hannaahlenn17 he also said their will be a big tsunami that will for almost a day  we're dead ...
A beautiful day and I'm stuck inside working 
hy, morning! it`s a rainy day 
bored,stuck in on a lovely sunny day on own again 
What's happy about a moving day? 
Moring all off to work inside yet again on a sunny day 
@jonjones  - 2 Scandinavian studios on the same day then 
A beautiful day and I have to work ...   But hopefully I'll get out early to enjoy the sun!
@bringbacklove One week ago was like, the best day of our lives   
@danamoos not a good day for 8! open houses...  
Feeling ill on loveliest day of year 
Moving day...bittersweet 
bored? on such a sunny day! seems such a waste 
watching the hills. Such a cloudy day. 
it sucks to be moving furniture on such a beautiful day 
@CraigMason 1 did that to me the other day- spilt my tea 
Not feeling well....probably going to miss day 2 of camp! 
this cold is killing me. seriously. why do i have a cold now, of all the sunny days in this country? give me a rainy day then! 
frustrated!..worked all day to get EZVPN on asa workng..didn't! 
has had a very nasty migraine all day and has missed a large quantity of sunshine 
has to stay in on a sunny day  ill
well a wet day so now week whacking this morning  
beautiful day and i have to do homework  :S
has a busy day of graduations and work 
doing the most mundane task on such a lovely day 
Doing his accounts  ,on a lovely day
@qedtherese I was hoping to enjoy the day outdoors, but that doesn't seem to happen 
Its a cloudy day.  I was so hoping that it would be sunny too. 
Sitting in the office, eating my lunch, looking out at a beautiful sunshine filled day that I'm missing out on. 
it's so boring right now...6.31pm...it rain the hole day.. 
Such a great day!!But I can`t leave my books..  
what can i do on a rainy day?! 
t&amp;t..lax..ugh,last day. i dont want to leave 
what a beautiful day. what disgusting maths. 
rainy day 
'S sad. Last day of vacation. 
@carolbrowne  not good....at least he does it in the day mine does that at night.... 
Visiting old neighbor. This will probably take all day 
What a waste of a day. 
my fingures hurt    took 5 hrs 2day just to finish it after 4 months of working on it
Today is last day of autumn here. I don't want winter 
just laid out all day, now im burnt 
@tlwest70 I love Fridays  the day and restaurant
@HelenAmmoniac its a day like this i wish i had chosen to wear briefs.  lmao
Such a beautiful day for the library. 
My last day on the mountian and then back to civilization...I have been without phone service all week. 
After the graduation, my day just went downhill.  I'm just sad now and it sucks. 
@metsgrrllll5 busy...been cleaning all day  lol
is in day 5 without any pop 
we've got @jonathanrknight @donniewahlberg &amp; @jordanknight &amp; @dannywood tweeted 2day but @joeymcintyre went 2 dance&amp;never came back 
@coollike No it's not! D: I was looking forward to a video every day. 
a rainy day 
had the best day ever and just got horrible news on Brandons pawpaw 
it's pouring out. sucky grad day 
What a lovely day 2 go thru tribulation! 
Working on such a nice day  @ Home http://loopt.us/1E2F3Q.t
wishing all the clouds would go away  i want a clear and sunny, but still crisp, winter day
A day of data fixes 
So stressed, I cannot eat dinner. I've barely eaten all day. 
Could not get on twitter all day except for a few min  it would not let me on!
Only one day left of my vacation.  
@dawnrichard 2 b totally honest i fell more empty than full :/ rough day 
After.a day in the sun, a night in the office does not sound fun at all 
So sad about the whales... maybe one day we'll know why 
I'm awake, and it't the last day of the holidays 
spending me whole day reading, so don't think i'm going to socialize, sorry 
@carunderwater i did not make it to the highlight of your day? 
@jury323 ommmg me muerooo mee tooo I will never forget that day I miss her 
dreading the day's events. no @Lopsi no @webireland and no @chunkybum3... just me, myself and I 
Morning!!!! last day of the half term  so im spending my day at ccp, the weather is so nice!
@salpickering lol new day, same day all over again... depends on how i feel in the morning...totally crappy &amp; depressing about the rain 
@binkapire what happen to the tigers &amp; doggys 2day 
sunny day again must do revision really !!!!! 
last day of the half term   . at least exams are over
Such a lovely day outside, just want to lay in the grass all day...too bad I have no suncream 
says i hate the first day of classes, it's my birthday.  http://plurk.com/p/xd3x2
last day of half term 
what a day! why did I get so drunk?  I've missed some of it! 
was sick all day and just woke up... yet another migraine 
I cannot believe another day of glorious sunshine but a day closer to work  - trying not to think about this its to depressing 
http://twitpic.com/6brko - Fettled bike, sunny day, injured leg 
is sat in front of his computer on the last day of the holidays 
@SapphyNo1 looks like i'll hav to live with just one day of following extravaganza. 
history coursework on the last day of the holidays, oh funnn! 
so unfair...having to revise on such a nice day 
what a rainy day 
A beautiful day to be sat inside having a meeting 
my one day old goldfish died 
this day is boring, it's raining outside and i hate rains!! 
Revision on a day like this... I'm crayzeee 
A nice sunny day but too windy to fly 
My 5 day weekend has slowly come to an end 
to day is so unlucky. I broke a chair 
Gorgeous day to lie around but too much to do - off to the dump next. 
Just woke uppp.. and I'll be studying all day  on this beautiful sunny day ... *
last day in my apartment - will miss it 
last day of holidays 
last day of the weekend. 
i have only been up for around an hour and al ready this day has been so crap  i wana cry  xx
I need a pamper day... 
Last day of vacation.  
been in the garden all day, my colds really come out now 
This is such a bad day for the animal kingdom it seems 
gorgeous day, finally! spent doing laundry and cleaning most likely 
doing homework i hope i finish before the day is over 
going to get ready for the day then i'm going to start homework 
@MissTonix awww man! i go on holiday the 18th!!! the day before  ohwell, gives me a exuse to download it now  haha
been out sunbathing all day and haven't tanned 
Last day of camping 
@lyneL It's usually not much on the final day.   But I wanted my interviews 
is spending the day cleaning... 
can't sleep in anymore  but is going to have an amazing day with her favorites!!
Why it often rains in the evening, why not during the day? 
Last day at the lake 
Doing Assignments  on a nice day like this
; great day ! good weekend, sick now 
45 minutes until checkout. Fml I want to sleep all day 
another day on the dock...another day without bikes and cameras 
has been sat in all day writing an essay, and its so nice outside 
1st day of winter  already counting down the days till summer 4am no point in sleeping now
another gloomy day. I miss the sunshine 
I wish I was outside on the gorgeous spring day! 
laundry day  might go to costco .... probably will bike ride later.
sadly has to study for finals 2day...  but 1 mor full day of sql and then 3 half days of finals!!! YAYRZZZ!!!
@rozalita hey what was that hotel site you were lookin' at the other day 
I haven't run for like a month.  Today might be the day that record falls.
so much for the sunny day now it's raining 
Another penniless weekend!  The day is beautiful! And the weather is awesome! 
chillen aww man it started raning  ruined the whole sunny day
Hot day. End of a disappointing weekend. 
So sad I won't be able to watch the hills finale  will be working on samples all day
been out in the sun all day and hardly even caught any of it 
Out on errands on a sunny day.  No relaxing yet 
Just woke up! English project all day 
cloudy day 
@misterdevans Not really a rainy place....but it is this week!  Yikes, it has rained and sunned on and off all day.....crazy weather!  
gosh...i think i only got 4hours sleep  it's going to be a long day!
@schend ((hugs)) what a tough day. 
been 2 bridlington n scarborough 2day!!!   lovely sunshine but made my sunburn from yesterday even worse!!! 
doesn't want to sit through another day of training. 
finishing up cleaning the apartment... last day on oahu 
11 Hours of sleep, and still feeling ready to go to bed again all day. I look drunk. 
up in 3d was sold out for the entire day  headed to santana row for pinkberry
having a down day 
Revision-all day 
spent this beautiful day cleaning 
@rugby8  I think mine have been out all day partying , they just got back so I expect the fireworks will start here soon as well. 
I'm really having a calgon take me away kind of day  ugh!!!
It's a beautiful day outside. A day to be basking in the sun, not stuck inside.  
@mlexiehayden NNNNOOOO...we both can't be on the floor!!! I think I'm about to call off, haven't felt good all day 
Last day of brownies 
Last day of summer 
not a good day to come back and see a cubs game @sammilive - marhsall is not doing so well 
Monthly buy meetings... Always on my day off. 
What a waste of a day. 
I do not particularly care for one-day weekends.  I do, however, love 3 day weekends.  This weekend was a 1-dayer.  
Apparently my lizard from the other day died after all 
@daLoved1 i am , but @LiZAmtle said hers was exactly one month laters, same day!  i am so old 
Goodmorning, just another working day, no holiday for me.  But tomorrow is my day off. Jeepee. X
:-O it's not even 8am yet and the temperature outside is already 15 degrees! Another hot day but I've got an exam 
Gooooood morning exam day 
had a pretty good day. summer has been boreing so far 
Another glorious day and I'm stuck inside until 17:30 
@lydiamossahebi i wish i wasn't in a basement revising with no natural sunlight on the hottest day of the year 
:'( I've not even looked at production yet and in busy 2day and 2morro 
Never never again will I have a four day bender before a massive rehearsal 
is having a day of forms... 
Writing annual reports is never fun, but being cooped up on a sunny day is making it hell! 
the sun is shining and i'm stuck in the office all day 
@eru_panda its a 62 day unfortunbately 
hi twitterville stuck in tech 2day with lovely day outside i'm so depressed  and doing more programming it's not been a great day so far
I hate getting up before dawn on my day off 
rainy day...  just learning !
desperately needs one more day of the weekend 
@Almarsare I think its just 'plan' fails day 
Officing on a day made for outdooring 
just finished breakfast... and according to P90X, already have exceeded carb allotment for the day... 
Climbing filming sadly cancelled so inside doing paperwork. It seems so wrong on a sunny day 
Having an unsuccesful day at the library 
is this going to be another cold day??? 
i reallyyyy need a day off for hiking adventures!  sooooon hoepfully!
back @ home, finally-after such a boring day @ d office 2day.. a not productive one 
watching one tree hill, but in on a nice sunny day 
just been told the weathers meant to change to cold for my day off 
It's a beautiful sunny day, first day of the best month of the year.  I'm at work.  
Packing to go home for the summer...i hate packing  It is a beautiful day out though.. 
@shawnJroberts Yes, it is a great day. I got up early and when skating around the lake. Now to get to work. 
@LeaArr I don't think I have any four-day weekends... and no more holidays 
it's a gorgeous sunny day out there... and I have to rebuild this database indoors 
My last day of vacation before driving home  too much to do to fit into one day. I don't want to go back yet!!
is recovering from a horrible 2 day migrane 
hey guys, another beautiful day here, why are the beast days always during exams? Examiners are cruel 
Working until 9...I get to miss this beautiful day outside 
Today is the last pasta day of the year 
Why is it so cold on the first day of summer? I'm freezing.. 
Starbuxx iced coffee to get me goin, gloomy day me no like 
Weekend wore me out. I need a day off to recover, but I have to go back to work 
starting on my statistics work for the day 
@KristenAmazing @mustangbex I was just asking... I know it is pricey. But good. And my day just got full so... no sushi for me.. 
has had a productive morning but ran out of time to finish all tasks - and now must get to the office for a very long day 
I'll be in bed most of the day. I hurt my leg. I can barely move it around ... 
Three-day weekend + two-day workweek + four-day weekend = not want to work. 
wishing i didnt give my maid the day off! 
What a complete waste of a beautiful day 
Another cold day 
my legs are just aching all over, from stadning alllllllllllllll day  booo!
doing homework  all day 
its rediculously freezing for 'sunny' day!!i can't feel my toes 
Trying to get myself motivated to start my cardio workout for the day! 
Starbucks ruined most of my day 
What a crappy day... rainy all day and I took the day off hoping to go to the seaside... 
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 49 followers  me is sad its dropping i had 61 the other day
Another day another airport 
it's not real, it's not right, it's my day it's my night. She live my life 
@rgoodchild for me it was a 5 day weekend, in bed with the flu 
such a cold day 
he's left again and it never gets easier.  especially not on a day when a flight goes missing over the atlantic 
My underwear has been giving me a wegging all day 
such a stressful day   speeches next period
http://twitpic.com/6fsza - last day of english courses 
Yay for a sunny day at last!!! I can't believe winters here already and sooo cold of a morning 
Its a sad day in paradise 
I wish I could fly away, sit on a cloud, and tweet all day. I can't wait till I retire. Hipocracy is so omnipotent.  I need a vacation!
Just another sunny day wasted away by classes 
Going to bed. Only one day left... 
found out i have to be in st. cloud much earlier than anticipated.  my 20 day break has no turned into 13 days 
@Turkish_Goddess long day as well..and its not over.. 
its too early...like three days early  i should save it 'till the big day on the field.
Massively productive day... and I ran out of drink. 
Massively productive day... and I ran out of drink. 
another day with out a picture  I've tried everything!
@VirtueIMC trust me, i would LOVE a spa day. sadly, that's during sweeps, so no day off for me 
IS not feeling well  totally dehydrated ........... plus its a big day for me and yet i dont have the energy to pull it off (
I want my childhood summers where I could read all day every day back. 
only one day I can go out due to stupid migraine. then of course I wanted to make the most of it &amp; overdid it. &amp; now it's back to work 
The last day of summer weather for the week then  must enjoy it at lunch time and not sit in office!
worked all day and night..can't sleep...   ...blah i need a vaca
1 more day to go, and then... well, it starts again with the presentation 
@enricoeric It is and I try and drink the expected quota every day. Uaually doesn't happen though 
@robbiehills thanks for rubbing it in... second day of winter here. 
Goodmorning twitters! This is my last day of vacation so i'm sad 
gutted the track day on friday is cancelled 
a painful day without coffee 
not feeling well, missing my surface training's second day  first day was actually nice...
headache is killing me, think I've picked up a bug, been feeling odd all day. 
My last day of camping out. 
another day in paradise,  i think not 
What a blooming bad day 
@kateyes085 I should be sleeping during the night so I can find employment/plan wedding during the day! It's clearly not working out 
so i have the next two days off, but i have meetings on each day, so it's not really a day off!!  boo  
@boffbowsh  have a good day bud, at least its sunny! ;p
Getting ready to go to work on this lovely sunny day  sunburn still hurts! Ouch!!
@cutesyme morning! Lol..I'm taking a half day as well! But, I have to go home and work on my speech 
tummy ache, last day of A day.  excited to leave ms. kraus and riggle. but not mr. buter! 
 i think my period is getting ready to start. and on sims3 day D:
ill  not fair on such a beautiful day!
i feel like the life is sucked out of me im so tired....ugh.  last day of school! and last day of ms kossenko 
@MissWall well im just about to go to bed  so not  that sunny here lol got any plans 4 2day?
@heidiheartshugs  *hugs* i hate a bad evening to a day...
last day at the studio! 
one emotional breakdown for the day.. hopefully there won't be anymore 
@AugustaAlerts if we could just maintain 70 degrees and fair all day......i see 92 on the horizon 
Wow. I guess today is my last real day (instructional day not an exam) as a teacher for a while. Makes me sad. 
Last day blues 
A day of meetings.... 
is waiting 4 the bus!!! i got a social studies final 2day!! 
cloudy and cold day... 
presets were awesome!! had a great day off, bak to work tomoz 
didn't really plan on being in the office all day now!  Thanks rain. 
OH - &quot;the final day of warmth...no not forever...&quot; ...oh how I'm spending it indoors... 
Yay for being in meetings all day 
@berry171 Don't let it get you down - One person shouldn't be able to ruin your day   When's your next day off?  We can get frozen yogurt!
@ResourcefulMom  don't ya wish everyday could be #disneyjustcuz day?
Really don't want it 2 storm 2day..it looks so gloomy out 
Last day at the bruins  so sadddd!!!!
Apparently we're going to have nice weather for two days and then it is going to rain on thursday. Nbd not like that's the day of my grad 
i wish i could lie around in the sun all day 
The day I leave my car across the street all day for an oil change turns out to be the day I really want to leave the office over lunch!  
Last day of my week long Q2 vacation 
About to eat and then head to work (in the middle of the day) for just 4 hours 
Press all day without her 
Last day in prattville for the summer. 
@Rasplundjr awww  don't have a bad day....*hugs*
got out of class like 2 hours early. studying all day. help 
hoping 2day goes by fast and then a day off tomorrow, but no time for relaxing 
I miss the days when the lunch hour at work was a social occasion and the highlight of my day.  We're all busy now!
@emeraldkreshe get off at 10 oclock!!! The entire day!! 
Only one more day of freedom. 
Suffering through another loooooong day of clinicals, then off to work. 
my day went from good to awful in minutes i just want to cry 
This day is taking a toll on me emotionally... 
is about to go to soccer tryouts  hot and dry 2day  waaahhh
working all day!! and its sunny 
I baked cookies to make the bad day go away but it didn't work 
about to work on this paper that is a day late 
is sun burnt  but has had a lovely day
rainy day in florida. 
only one vacation day 
i'm like a zombie now, 3 straight weeks of early-morning shifts, grrr one more day  (can't sleep early at night)
I really have a great day!!! except for the earthquakes 
i pigged out twice in one day, so not good. I need a really hard workout now 
has super bad hayfever for the second day running. Not amused 
oi, it's a school day tomorrow, i really better fall asleep, also it's my last day! 
@TonyaHahn Yay! I want to come visit and go shopping! I miss you guys  Your b-day present is so delayed... need to get it in the mail!!!
7 more minutes until my day is over 
rainy and grey day in latvia  help
rainy clowdy dark uncompfortable day ... and the worst = working day 
went to bed at 1 woke up at 4.30! on my day off, again! 
Not enough time in the day for studying 
@torilovesbradie lol, i hate them too for what its worth  how was ur day? x
been in the office 3 hours already, ploughing through the to-do list, but it's not seeming any smaller...another beautiful day out there 
@rorygeragthy what happened to hot track of the day? 
@rorygeraghty what happened to hot track of the day? 
says gud evening.. it's a sad, sad day  http://plurk.com/p/y3kwv
cleaning the house on a nice sunny day. 
last day of sun ........?  
Last day for seniors 
It's tragically funny to see new followers who drop ya after 24-48 hours; I get at least 20 a day. Tragically sad when long timers stop 
slept through my alarm. this is why i need to have at least one day off a week. 
My birthday is coming to an end now.  I'm sad, aren't you? The awesomest day you've ever had is ending. 
What an absolute waste of a day 
Last day with Jayter-gator 
@hyomini i knowwwww. yuk. could complain for all day long regarding the weather we have this year. 
Waiting for the day that I can wake up and not feel so empty inside 
last day of locust grove 
Branch integration day... yupy... 
It is the 3rd day of summer and I have a very sick little girl.  
says it's raining... my day seems cloudy and dull...  http://plurk.com/p/y57mx
@katestuart2001 I know, its the perfect rainy day to stay under covers.. 
Last day of internship!!! 
It's too cold and gray for a summer day. 
too bad we don't have a national running day 
just buried her rabbit. what a sad day 
No http://twtvite.com/krvsso #twtvite #satleo   :: already have commitments for the day 
so happy to have the day off! but i realllyyyy wish the sun was out 
rainy day at the house...i'm in the mood to clean....where did @cmking6 go? I miss her 
Friend just called they are running late.. This day just got complicated. 
@mishacollins when i read your posts. always make me smile...like now. i had hard and sad day 
This is my last day on vacation 
just found out the fish died.. it's become a dark day. 
day one without my blackberry: i can't handle it anymore 
very unproductive day  now that the laundry is done i can pack. yay!
last day of vacation 
rainy day 
I can't believe this is my last day of vacation   It's so sad...
I think if I have to deal with another rainy day...they're going to have to put me in a rubber room 
not feeling so great on this rainy day 
I could pick up robots all day 
@ericat13 the day I wear shorts too 
@CharmingRed yes i missed the mid-day  will watch it now
rainy day blues 
such a dreary day.  and sadly the weekend forecast is also... dreary. 
why is the seniors' last day so sad to me 
last day on the late bus 
trying to pluck up the energy to spend my only baby free hours of the day cleaning the house 
@KittyBoo81 you don't sound like your having a very good day love  you ok?
wahhh last day of vacation 
This rain looks like an all day event 
What a gloomy day 
is feeling somewhat sad on this dreary and rainy day 
miss you from that day 
http://twitpic.com/6p693 - Another bad traffic day 
Hopping on trainer for the rainy day workout. 
so my day has definitely gone downhill 
No Yankees game 2day, we got rained out 
last day of my vacation 
I wish it were national doughnut day here in the philippines. oh 
so sad tomorrows the last day. 
What a day! So glad its the weekend! To bad its raining. 
slept away thrugh the day. even missed dinner. what a 
Not alot to do on a rainy day! 
I'm sick...  Its my 3 day weekend too... this always happens....
Hoping for sun tomorrow and a better day  busy all day then cape
Enjoying last day of vacation!!! 
another rainy day 
extremely bored... last day of schoo 
about to fall asleep because since i've been waking up at 7 every day, i can't seem to sleep past then even on my days off 
@kaeokepani  I have not been on aim all day. Or 3 days actually. sorry I can't help buddy.
@thaallz I want dimsum! I haven't eaten all day 
such a hot hot day 
Long day begins - 9 year old's birthday party in T-minus 3 hours 
off to stand all day in what looks like a rainy day as son as football tournament in morning and daughter in afternoon 
and so the day begins... woke up an hour late  probably shouldn't be on the computer
golf all day in the freezing cold  not good!
I think im in house all day because of the weather 
erins birthday!!!what to wear  happy license day andicakes
@siaan yuck, so you've got to sit around in damp clothes all day and then you'll get even more ill 
is restless, ...had a stressful day 
@VSteveley it's just typical that the one day I get to take advantage of a bbq coincides with the worst day in the last week and a half 
i want suuuuuun!  / wedding to day, excited to seee celee. &lt;33
bad skin day 
bad rainy day ... baah 
urgh, a rainy day in cardiff  what to do to make it fun? t
I'm sick..cough and cold  Whyyyyyy....had so many plans for the day
Last day of vacation. 
@tracytilly Probably not. I have my clinic that day and a full slate of patients. 
Weekend class....All day 
works all day every day  but only four more days until california!!!!
rainy day here not good 
is lookin out the window n hating the bloody rain on my day off 
@masqueradelife I'm getting it the day it comes out ; In shops, I can't go to the concert 
I hate day shifts on weekends! 
@MsDelaney ahhh damn! I'll have to get my stalk on another day then!! 
Massive migrane. Not going to be a good day at all! 
spending the day lounging around the house.. then work later 
having the worst day. cheer me up 
Today is my long day. I have a 4 hour long class and I work until 10, which means I won't get off until 11 and home at 12. 
About to leave for sac.  Long day 
going to the library on this beautiful day 
Last day of freedom  for 10 weeks, never ready for this marathon....
About to take off on my last day of halibut fishin. 
it's been raining all day. i seriously hate it when it rains all day; that means i can't go on my trampoline 
At la boheme rehearsals with @FastTrackLearn really tired now  been a very long day!!
 one day left not fair
a raining day 
And we're off! Last day of riding. 
apparently its too early in the day to buy a cheeseburger 
In class for the weekend. It is a beach day outside. 
@banqenbabeyoox Aww  we can this summer! I am not staying all day.
today is our day off from the gym and tanning.. i want to go to my beach house but its to cold and rainy 
hopes she doesnt have to work all day 
What a rainy fricking day 
@TUFDesigns another cloudy day 
Today is the day my boyfriend leaves me for a month 
having a garage sale, and its a rainy day 
@MichaelWayneDBE Sounds like your having a bad day 
Just woke up I have a long day of cleaning ahead of me 
; having a bad day... for reals. 
We got one day of sun and I'm already sunburnt!!... 
@Chelseakins well if it makes you feel better I was doing pull-ups the other day and couldn't do more than 10 
ended up having to work ALL day by herself 
what happend to this great day its sunny now 
@SoloLisa I too echo our cancelled beach day sadness 
chilly day  think i'll ride my bicycle anywayzzzz
I have to stay another day in the hospital 
runny nose all day 
@msheree wow. i go every other day. It's an addiction 
@ruthy23 the forecast for where we are is rain all day which is really annoying 
can't believe i wasted this day watching movies  hopefully heading out soon!
rainy day in chi  rudeeeeeee
I am wasting such a good day inside waiting for you to call. 
you know its going to be a long day when you start your day on an amtrak train. 
I need to learn to say no! I now have to cover at another store on wednesday, which should have been my day off. 
Only one day of being a teenager left 
rainy day is putting a damper on my evening plans 
@DelicateCreatio ugh, it's been drizzly and in the forties all day here 
I am so down and bored.  What a waste of a beautiful day.  
I hate hiccups  I've had them all day.
Not a good day for TO teams 
rolled ankle working out. sad day 
One more day of lifeguarding 
so rainy  its the last day of vacation.. i get to see my friends again.. but i don't like waking up soooo early..
rainy day 
@JuanBYF its a sad day @ the mob.  
my final day of diving.. 
Is sad 2 see this day coming 2 an end. Only 1 day left in weekend. 
such a long day. sissys wedding shower @ piatti's this afternoon &amp; now step brothers graduation... I miss sleep. 
so sleeeepy, what a tiering day 
Now on day 4 with our missing Kitteh.  
it would be a great if yall could still pray for my family and i. tomorrow is going to be a rocky day for the weather  but i know who
last day of weekend! awww 
What a waste of a day 
@mimut_rice No...I have been trying all day, it isn't working 
last day of summer 
i wish this story had a better ending  but then it wouldn't be as amazing as it is to this day!
is home on day leave!!! but back again tonight 
My last vacation day ...... 
5th day of the wake... i really think it is too long! im exhausted, i've missed a few classes.... 
I'm peeling.  but on the bright side I had such a fantastic day!!
always having migraine when it's my off day. 
Boring day for me.  http://tinyurl.com/l4b4b9
had a great day!!! summer's going by fast i think. 
Another mountain rescue full day ahead 
 day 1 of swimming = burnt, painfully burnt!
studying for tests... what a great three day weekend 
Not feeling well and only sitting on 1128 calories for the day 
got to revise all day what a drag 
last day of weekend 
I'm bored and waiting for some action this day 
it rained the whole day... I couldn't even cheer for the band I liked... I had to hold my umbrella 
rainy day 
Last day of summer 
Bad cramps day again. 
Today, the last day of my beautyful holidays 
@kobinaceous  It has turned into a beautiful non-rainy sunny day 
@cloverdash Here too  I'll be staying in all day tucked up under the covers, I think!
Last day at the lake 
my last day with my computer for a whole week 
rainy day in assisi! 
says another rainy day.  http://plurk.com/p/z3ns6
Sundays is the worst day to wake up early 
If it's gonna rain, why can't it rain during the 5-day workweek? Not the 2-day weekend! 
another beautiful day i'm stuck inside 
Hoping the birthday day goes well?? Only if it would stop raining!! 
Last day of freedom 
good morning...one more day until work...2 days til its been a year 
I can't believe I'm stuck in the bank on this beautiful day! 
working on homework all day 
It is too nice of a day to have to be couped up in a car for hours 
@classygina I hope u guys are having a nice day. I'm so sorry again  didn't want to be the rain on a nice day.
Its raining for all day 
rainy day. getting myself ready. funeral home for baby trevor  then busy all day i guess!
workkking 330-830.  ringing groceriesss all day. wooo hoo!  not so much
I sang at church this morning, and due to some Excedrine I took earlier in the day, I shook the whole time. 
1st. day back 2 work since 2 weeks!+long hot tough day+ bad launch+a nap= just woke up!!!+1st. time skip important appointment 
Last day of filming. So sad 
I'm enjoying my lazy day. If only they could all be lazy days 
Another beautiful day but fugly amounts of schoolwork 
What a beutiful day.  even though the pens lost last night.  
It is such a beautiful day! A perfect day to go to the beach if i wasnt working 
studying for exams..  but groundhog day is coming soon...i will get out.
is bored going to be doing homework all day! 
Phase 4 Thunderstorm!! Not enjoyin my day @ all. 
Home for a few, then rehearsal all day 
Didnt fall asleep till after sunrise and now ive missed half the day 
Bumed out - was planning on painting for the day and have to shift over to web dev for the day. 
Wishes  I could laugh! I want so bad to be happy!! I dont want to have a bad day! But that is where it is heading!! 
Today rainy day 
last day of vacay 
It's a perfectly sunny day! For studying 
@simplyrecipes Last day of cherrries at our farmers market 
a sunnier day than expecte but raining now 
not feeling grreat may take myself to bed .... been soaking wet all day n actualli quite depressin now 
@Chaddiva hope you enjoy your day off! i just got here an hour ago and its dead! 
another day, weekend goes too damn fast 
@jordanknight been trying all day but I can't get to the site to vote 
Just slept through my last day of brunch at the dorms. 
's 3 day weekend is slowly coming to an end 
it started to rian so we all had to head back to the hotel  my day was ruined by the rain
its a cloudy gloomy day out. 
this was a short week-end  big meeting all day 2morrow...
its 1 a.m. ... office day is done   where was my week-end ?
@ANKHonscious i wanted to take him on a adventure day but i forgot him 
i can't sleep... got uni in the morning  but it's the last day ever!!
@annabadtzmaru u worked all day?!??!  ugh school again 2moro! &amp; i cant go to the party! i work until 7 that day ((
@jennsbookshelf Won't it be great when it stops raining so regularly.  The day after is always the worst on my sinuses too 
what a waste of a day 
Picture day went well.... im SOOOOOOOO tired 
Another hectic day in paradise 
just woke up - what a waste of a day 
starting the day with migraine, aarrggh... 
my allergies have been killing me all day 
It started with blue skies. The day has been very deceiving. It is cold and windy now 
Ugh what a waste of day and I wasn't even hungover! 
one day left of being 20. 
It's the first full day and I already have a sunburn 
exhausting day, so much family drama  Officially one of the worst weekends ever. Trying to figure out wtf I'm going to do with my life!
@Mahtiebush916 its a sucky day in sac.. 
Relaxing, poker is pretty much over for the day.    LOL.
waiting for the day to come...  spent the weekend with different people.
It's the end of the night for me. How is it that my 4 day weekend went by so fast? 
@robster16 you'll be playing chain RxN all day!!!  its unfair!
I take a half day off. I have to hospital   I hate...
ladida, when will this day end... I hate Mondays 
hayfever is so not funny! if i had flu id be allowed to stop in bed all day 
@jessleft we just had our four day weekend, make it last! because it goes quickly 
Off to work.....meetings all day 
shouldn't have stayed in the sun all day 
another day, another missed train, another lost evening 
@wide_receiver I hate it too.  At least we have our Twitterfriends to get us through the day though. ;-)
enjoyed valencia and the sun, now getting ready to go back to leon boo  but only for 1 day because off to alicante on wednesday!!
@lauragalimam no more culinary attempts for me... I have embarked on silly detox, day one and counting 
its a day for painting,  as no sunshine here yet 
last day of summer !  in @allieyeah's house. 
Today was just a wonderful day! I spent most of my time downtown. The most gorgeous part of the city. To bad the day has came to end 
Also this is day six of no smoking. Is kind of going well, except that I cant stop thinking about how long its been since the last one 
It's another sunny day! Unfortunately I have to work 'til 8  ... but four more sleeps and I'm off
It's raining..   What can you do on a rainy day?
Should be against the law to have to go to work on a sunny day 
is feeling icky and over the ickyness  long day but i making dinner..
Not looking forward to maths exam 2day 
@the_nikster aw  well I hope you have a good day, at least ::hugs::
Another rainy day... 
Drivers ed all day... 
is back to work after a 3 day weekend. 
arbeiten, stadt, training - rainy day down in minden 
having a day on the couch! hungover, 
i didnt get any sleep last night  i'm going to be up all day so read the last two books
 Today is going to be a loooong day... I want the weekend back!
Having another horrible allergy day 
good morning world, time for some packing. it's my last day in springs 
sunny day and i have to study... 
its a rainy day 
longest day ever 
without smokes this day is going to be long and sucky. 
At key west bout to go parasailing! This is the last day i can use my phone for a week 
such a beautiful day &amp; now i can hear thunder 
This is going to be a really long day if pulling data is this slow 
soo tired all day, my doggie was throwing up all nite 
Finally finished college, such a long day with a 5 hour free period 
miss you already  school, easy day be out at 2:25 !
1st day back to work after a week long vacation 
Finished my jobs for the day &amp; typically the sun has finished for the day too!! 
@Janniiii_ aw I wish I could see how they are born  if you lived nearer I'd ttly come over every day 
Not a great day at school, saw ... that's the only highlight of the day.. 
Raining of my off day 
Today is the first day in 4 summers i wont be going to camp 
Its a beautiful day. I wish my car worked.  Its beachy out.
worst day of internship...more than 65 kms of travel...still many days to come like this 
worst. day. ever. 
back from my 4 day weekend.sad 
My last day in corpus. 
what I'd give to be at that concert tonight  worst day ever? i think so.
Running errands all day. Then class at 5:30. 
Trying to go a whole day without soda..... I'm about to give in 
Yay first day of interning!! ...or not?! Where is everyone 
I think i need to stop showering during the day here. Never any hot water. 
its now raining, such a dull day 
it's raining all day long......i think the sun will never come again 
has had a mega long day! 
Meetings all day (( arghh Mondays 
Why is the first day back from vacation always so crazy? I hate playing catch up 
@gillsimmons: ok I look outside, what do I see, a bright sunny day.    http://myloc.me/3W3A
@MadThatter long for what ?? iv had the most awful day ever all i wanted to do was come on here but i cudnt  x
@nphase Personally, I think that began a few hours ago or every a day or so ago. There just weren't cameras there to catch it.  #iran
Last day of summer. 
Last day of classes was so sadd 
is having a down day..... 
all my plans got cancelled  now my day is boring
at home, took the day off, been feeling queasy and worn down all day 
Oh its raining  brighten my day #squarespace
@FckNCcBabyy The day...not so great.  The weekend....K R A K K I N!
Just when I thought we might have a full day of sun. 
@GinySassenach evening to you too... it's been a long day here... have just sat down, and it's getting muggy 
worst day ever 
worst day ever          x
fixing the internet totally stole half my day 
I can't sleep  it's always the same at the weekend when I can stay up I fall asleep early, but when I have to work the next day...
1 hour countdown and the dam day is over!! got to go home and clean. 
So very tired and extremely big day tomorrow. Three events, likely to be a 13hr day 
is in an all day training session 2day... no tweetin' for me 
This was my first official day of summer and i'm already bored 
Wondering if there will ever be a day when I won't cry when I pass this big tree   http://mypict.me/3XYc
Today was not so hot. It rained all day and then started to thunder. And then the sun only came out for about ten minutes! 
Not been a terribly good day and my nights sleep might just reflect that too 
YIPPEEE!!! first sale of the day...after 3 hours 
Last day in the cave 
SO not impressed anymore. :/ day just went dramatically downhill.  thanks for making me feel horrible about my self. ...
i #blamedrewscancer for my b'day falling on a glorious sunny day this year &amp; me being cooped up in the office all day 
Bad day  I hate the biology!!
@peediizpiff well I missed u all day I keep lookin at my screensaver @ u 
@ryceone lol, took most of the day to get this one started, not sure i will have the energy for another 
is getting ready for the last day of orientation! 
@Alizaliz oath! I woke up at 12 and half the day is gone already 
It's cruel to have an all-day meeting overlooking the beach 
Finals fri   but I have a 1/2 day!!!
ugh. homework on the first day of skoo 
Third day without coffee 
this is my worst day ever! 
back from school, It has rained nearly all day  it is cold!! and I have had damned if I do ya stuck in my head all day!! 
is working....on a hot and sunny day 
I had a day. After being sick all last week,going back to work was tough. I was exhausted! I took a 3hour nap 
rainy rainy day 
has a long day in front of her 
Working during the day is unnatural   *waves goodbye to net for the rest of the day*
very tough day  i am going to night duty
It's a brand new day. Should I celebrate? 
Has to wait another day for my new stock  http://showinoffscrapbooking.blogspot.com
can't go home yet... it's my coding day. 
aH spots day for every 1 but me i'm ill  lol i be  find
Art all day 
morning all. and what another lovely day it is, not the sort of day you want to spend in the dentists chair.... which i will be 
I swear the day is getting longer while the night is getting shorter 
I wanted 2 wear a summer dress 2day  goooooooood morning!!! remember: stay positive 2day!
Sulsul got her injection 2day  it hurts so bad!
Just had to drop cole off at his trial day for nursery, can't believe he's getting  that big, I miss him already  x x
Is enjoying my new job.... but really shitty long day!!! no evening time 
Bad day when granny meets mom 
Apparently it's a nice day, but my window hardly opens  http://yfrog.com/14twmkfwj
what a gloomy day! 
Looking like its goind to be a gloomy day. I'll be at my desk all day 
What a gray, dreary, rainy day  UCKKK!!!!!
Is at the workplace on a day like this 
not happy about this cloudy day  we were going to go swimming but...
i love making coffee!!!!!!!!!!!!! got one overboiled the other day and it smells terrible 
My industrial piercing has been giving me grief all day. It's all swollen and red  plus it was throbbi... - http://mobypicture.com/?drhsv2
@defniya got to see him but it got crazy later on in the day with the teen girls.  They mobbed him!  Not looking good.  
its such a nice day outside but i'm stuck in doors 
This trailor just gets smaller by the day 
Starting another gloomy day 
I hate one day colds 
some phonecalls make my day 
Is it going to another hot day? 
rainy day without my rainy day partner 
@ruthyan i've got classes the whole day 
@bbbernice the next day?! i dun think the doctor gave me enough pills to last the entire holiday  they run out on the last day
another rainy day...this is getting ridiculous 
when i didnt get a farthers day gift.....      
At my jury summons  I hope this isn't ALL day
This is going to be a bad day. I had slot of trouble getting to sleep last night. At most I probably got 4 good hours. 
@njplaygrounds change of plans.  I have jury duty so it looks like i'm stuck indoors for the day 
of course it would be raining on my day off 
@kbktea Unfortunately, I don't have off any day this weekend or next 
so upset with the weather... at 5am it was supposed to be partly sunny all day but now its saying cloudy all day!  pool day ruined 
in west ealing. picked a bad day to wear heels. can feel this blister burning up already. 
day 1 without seniors 
having the worst day.... i just want to curl up in my bed sheets and never come out 
I'm having a bad allergy day 
snap. forgot it was maintenance day  blerg!
In meetings all day 
another day at the internship.... 
is in meetings pretty much all day. 
Wishing I was poolside instead of at a desk all day 
It's only fifth period... I want this day to be over. 
Why does it have to rain on my day off  ... this is stay in bed all day weather
Thinking bout 2marrow won't change how I feel 2day!  -@mattandkim
hardwork day 
@noiresque i hope it will start again. kevin told me to unplug and remove battery so i did that, and leaving it alone for a day or two. 
I'm grateful for my jobs but I kinda wish I had 2day off. I need a day to get over this cold 
and so the busy day begins. 
has spent the day running round doing 100 jobs at once, and still isn't finished 
Trying to enjoy my last day of vacation...I am sooo not ready to go back to work  
urghh food again. all day i've forced myself to eat. would it be wrong to not eat for a few days? i need new clothes tooo 
I need to go back to my 5x's a day food schedule. I fell off 
@NatalieGrant awh too bad i live 400 miles away!    but, one day!!
Morning. day 2 in cocaine city. I spread illness 
 A sunny day wasted!
Cars broken down!  still, lovelly day for it.
@omfgkerri yay! that's good! haha, my birthday was so boring. :/ In fact, i think i got sick that day.  it was no school day, though! (:
@Amaara I was having blonde day  Not good x
@30STMluva im all sad echelon day is over 
@ruimoura I'm also using twikini..but it's now 15day trial 
Finally home. What a long exhausting day 
101.4 max is still having a rough day 
day 17 of #eaactive and i think it hates me lunge holds make me cry 
What a day my hip is killing me from the 100m 
ive had such a boring day indoors all day...  i really need to come up with some plans for this summer!
Now I'm sad...I was wrong...the oasis is still closed...I jst hapnd on it on a day it ws open...they don't hav the funds 2 maintain it... 
So much for my one day trade 
looking out the window at the rainy day 
Another day of school, another day. And i have a real stupid song in my head and i can't stop singing it 
I've been bored these past two days .. the last day of skool is 2morrow I might as well go  I still pray to god my summer won't suck
is bored, no xbox live for a whole day and work in the morning 
Another cloudy day  http://yfrog.com/0niynj
Another day and another #squarespace winner that's not me. 
Amazing how such a beautiful day has become so ugly with thunderstorms. 
been a busy day and evening.....plants are pretty but they have to have water  
@ericmikhaels, you sure?  I'd hate you see you upset on the first day of summmer.
@Marstionary i stayed all day at the computer haha... and now i have a really bad cold 
Missed a day of volleyball camp 
it's my first time for having breakfast since the holiday!!! Usually,i eat 1x a day.but,my weight is not decrease at all,how sad 
@sarahsayzz: My day was very lonely without the texts 
day off tomorrow. time to rest and do what i usually do on my day off 
cramps cramps go away and come again no other day!! 
I have insomnia....I'm listening to 'Gone'.....this is so not going to be a good day... 
ehmigawd! first day of classes. eeek 
@blogomomma @mymalibu ... it rained here as well   Missed my sunny boy all day long. LOL
@Andrewgoldstein you had a bad day?? I had a tooth pulled and now I'm all bitchy because it hurts 
@KemuelStewart just think of this I returned it the next day after purchase. 
until another day  the sun will shine
@dbdc aaaaw I'm just starting my day  hope last few hours fly by
Todays the first day I've felt miserable in a while. 
@SukaAndSpice no. I have a conflict that day 
it's floor cleaning day again. not looking forward to it 
sadly the sun seem 2 b having day off. bad weather 2day after 2 days of sun  trying to wake up. listening to linkin park v v loud
the sun is already gone for the day 
Having a day off. I think this bug finally got me good. 
breakdown in the father's day card aisle... maybe I should try this another day this week. 
Just checked the weather report and it sucks!!! Why does it have to rain on my day off 
Watched the day the earth stood still last night because i was bored- after the film i was still bored, it was crap 
my 16 day vacation ends in 11.5 hours 
@arjunghosh will try really hard to make it, but i can't promise.might have loreto interviews the day after 
eurgh rain on a half day - no longer will i be getting my tan on this afternoon 
that means ghostbusters is put off for another day 
OS 3.0 delayed a day  
good morning pforzheim. what a nice day but no time for chillin 
is finally done with the video.. and wow one more day til graduation! 
Another day of packing...urghhh 
Every day's routine 
lovely day for a driving lesson...i hate driving in the rain 
its raining..the whole day is gone now. 
very busy day in office, instead of trip to microsoft 
bad trip..my first day of my period. 
It's a gloomy day, these days are boring! I wanted to go shopping 
rain on the last day of a holiday! How did this happen  plans for out in sun all day are now ruined.
busy day 
day off...and its busier than a working day 
what a bad day  (tears) http://plurk.com/p/11lpge
Long day alert 
need a new laptop, this one is getting slower at the day.... 
It's morning! But it's also the first day of camp 
@LostMyHeart you know I have a smelly co-worker, and I have to see her every day 
good morning out there.  bleak looking day..overcast.. no sun yet..   its my mom's birthday..  so.. there will be fun times tonight...
@PercivalRoad wonderful. I would have a wishlist for every day though 
#haveyouever forgotten to turn off your alarm clock on your day off 
i dread the day i feel i'm too old to wear clothes i like 
what a silence day! I'm hungry 
This day isn't getting any better... I'm bound to be one of those who steals office supplies just coz they're bored 
@Dannymcfly you're at a photoshoot right now, and i have to go to college when it should be my day off, and i really really miss you 
been having fun outside last 2 days however because of the rain i'll be inside most of the day 
going to work until 3 on this beautifulll day  maybe apples to apples later?
Finally a beautiful day..I'll have to enjoy it from my window 
@willwrite4food I'm sorry  I hope your day will be relatively okay!
@AestheticRain doesn't look like I'll get over there, have a meeting in the middle of the day 
I am having a hayfever day 
@sylvianguyen I'll miss you too... *sad*  I'll send u a postcard with a panza-car^^   but I have 1 day yet....1 day to be crazy....^^
not the beginning of a good day 
has a earth science regents at noon 2day 
@ijustine Seriously?? that blows.. 3.0 was going to be the highlight of my day 
Another rainy gloomy day 
Another raining day here in NashNash  no laying out for me...what will I do?
better roll to work, even though its my day off 
laying in bed not wanting to get up wishing i could have oneee day without any responsibilities  ....working 12-5.
10-day forecast says chance of thunderstorms every single day 
Another sleepy day. I stayed up late reading and overslept this morning. I have a feeling this is going to be loooong day 
is working this beautiful sunny day away behind the bar 
pressed play again today. yay for me. takin on the day. need to up my study game up. at least 4 hours per day. i havent studied in days. 
 folk taking about me at morning break 2day
where is the sun!!?!   it helps me get the day going..
When's pay day? 
rainy day go away 
Feeling dizzy, more or less the whole day 
Studying science ALL day 
@MrJaazerW I have a day and a half to do it.. LOL. It will probably take 1 hour to do.. 
In the mountains for the day.....no service 
already on the last vacation day 
why does it have to reain on my only day off this week? i so wanted to go to the pool 
such a cloudy day 
Naturally there is an umbrella in the car every day except the day it rains. 
i'm so so tireddd. drawing &amp; painting all day does actually tire you out 
urghhh i hate sports day 
@amyreid26 they (mcr) won't win best live band either green day have just under a million votes  
Has had a real rubbish day...  
rainy day 
1 more day until I'm out of my early-mid 20's!!    I can't even imagine what 30 is going to be like
i'm stuck inside all day  so i'm catching up on crows,i might read some more of worst after that and make it a manga day
cloudy day......     
Another windy day 
day off is almost over now.     need holidays
@Yoyoto ffff my iems broke again the other day 
had a good day, uni  open day was nice, beach this evening was also fun, sand everywhere  nooo
My window was left open all day.. 
I broke my sunglasses 2day 
@JeanMiller Sounds like you're having a bad travel day. 
@sagabee ill bring you mangos and watermelons for our last day together 
says pleasant rainy day to ya'll  http://plurk.com/p/11qg16
parade was fun, got sunburnt and waited in traffic a total of 5 hours today  overall good day!
Another day @ the suburb 
He forgot about me again  twice in one day
another day with the books 
media exam 2day  ceeebs
hey again been at camp... all day!! funness!! gtg 
@ashez14 when do they email u if u won a kellie m&amp;g? i entered at 6... had to work at 10.  but will they email the day after the deadline?
Not looking forward to work  but I am glad I'm only going for half a day and the other half I'll be on vacation!!!!
whoses has a bad day -raises hand-  its been 4 hours! ugh
@jrosmojo I sorry!  I have to be on a schedule, my day is crazy.
bad day. rashes from allergic rxn and blew out 2 tires 
tomorrows the last day ..... NOOOOOOOOOOO ! 
a new day starts and i'm already running late 
1 moree day..... stop grwing jeulie 
@GirlUSoCrazy I only work an hour a day so i can't be for this 6 hour work day, lol....too bad this will only last for the summer 
@ash_riot  having a bad day McRiot?
Having a rainy day 
long ass day... working thru the night 
One more day of my holiday 
another long day of rehearsing... 
 science day pssssh!
@Itswallo but I'm sad about missing a whole entire day 
i am trying to survive the day; this homa is killing me 
not a great start to my day...got shunted on the M4 drive to work  spent the morning recovering the car off the motorway
The 3 day event is finally coming to a close.  I enjoyed it and will miss it.
Another rainy day ... damn 
Why must it rain on graduation day?  I hope it stops by noon!
@i_am_big_g i am in mourning for your phone  its a sad day.
Second day and my two alarms don't go off 
that's 9 drawings done, 22 to go! unbelievably stressed, still need to draw callander park, but it looks like a horrible day 
probably not getting the apartment  not a good day!
Another rainy day 
Just waking up to a rainy day.... 
Another cloudy sunless day  hmmmmppppfff
men joynihan's last day.  
Having a badddd day so far   i hate exams and rain and stress!
Off to work, going to miss another beautiful day outside 
Wish my morning had gone a little better  Hopefully the rest of the day will redeem itself.
rainy day?? 
another sunny day, another studying day 
what a gloomy day out 
Who &quot;develops&quot; an allergy to cinnamon!!!!  No more for me  sad sad day
@MDHOLLA morning.... enjoy the rainy day 
do you ever realize that it always starts to rain wen u plan a good day out 
Another rainy day  http://karenbcookingmadeeasy.blogspot.com
ughhh i hate dentist appointments. gross day out toooo 
another cloudy day 
another day in the truck 
@AndrewDemey sad day  I miss wine nights so much!
why does it have to rain on the first day of volunteering?! 
End of second day and already stressed-out 
sad day  no breakfast
busy day here ... 
What a drab and dreary day! 
another rainy day  blahh going back to sleep!
Trying to get around to a busy day, have to see the dentist later.  
is missing the west coast  ...spending this rainy day working!!
recovery from stomach flu day. 
it's a miserable, rainy day. enough is enough 
@PhilsLion ugh. school isnt out yet. have to go there another 3 weeks and 1 day. the 3 weeks doesnt matter, but in the one day! mathstest 
redundancies announced a day earlier. not me but I'm gutted 
Another day, another paper to write 
At class. Then working all day  At least the weather is crappy..
rainy day   http://plurk.com/p/11ye4y
rainy day 
Last full day of vacation before we leave tomorrow. It went way too fast.  Thankfully it's a tropical sunny day.
Feeling ill, may need to call it a day 
Another long day of recording 
still in the office......I &quot;love&quot; the first day after holidays 
cloudy day in ottawa.. 
Last day in paradise... 
another rainy day 
Such a nice day and i have driving lessons 
movie day on the couch! then work 
last full day of vacay  i love you vegas
@SophieReedy nooooo! have you? i've been revising for textiles and now i cba to revise. I've had such a hard day 
had succchh a good lunch time lieing down.. i wish i could lie there all day 
projectttt time  on this rainy day !
@enjoythezoo workin at the daycare &amp; it's been the longest morning ever! I work tonight at other job so I dont get to enjoy the sunny day 
What a gloomy day! 
another boring rainy day 
ugh What a rainy day 
I have to hiccups again  it's been a rough day
What was going to be a nice day went bad quickly 
just looked at the ten day weather forecast and its supposed to rain / have a chance of rain every day 
So, what a great day, no promotion and I have to leave for 3 weeks 
Its not even 12 yet and my mid day groggyness is aleady kickin in ... 
is stuck inside on a nice day 
first day of break, already bored 
Hanging at the house....rainy day 
bored sports day tomorra   lol
@jaykpurdy haha here is still a rainy day 
I have been having the best conversation all day...I wish it didn't have to end 
Its only 2:20  why must the day drag.. http://myloc.me/4meo
I hate these damn rainy days. Wish I could have stayed in my bed 2day 
its been pouring all day, this does not feel like summer vacation...uhh having a really bad day 
@realjohngreen She's having a bad day due to a bad haircut. 
rainy day! not happy 
rainy days  last day tomorrowww 
a rainy day at the beach is still better than most days! missing someone special though 
Wtf, I get called in for jury duty on the last day of the week?!?! 
why is it so freaking hot out during the day, but no sun?! i want to tan 
spree day is over.... still stressed though.  
Nothing like working a 10 hour day during the day then coming home and working more 
@blackmikeatx he went back 2 nigeria last weekend so no fathers day 
@FloridaSunSales I am so jealous! We haven't reached 80 degrees for one single day just yet. It sucks! 
going to bed had a bad day 
about to go to sleep.. had a day full of drama.. 
cardinals lost   I'm going to bed, tomorrows another day
This is the 3rd day and the registration for summer course doesn't opened to me!! 
friday should be a half day... by law... but it's not 
wishing to be somewhere else.3 months  Amazing shopping day! 
@Saechang my string broke  the day before mt hermon...
last day of my trainee 
Up and ready for the day  , Doesn't look like the day is ready for me &quot;its raining&quot; 
Tired from a day of cleaning and make up with no sales 
going swimming as its my last day on holiday  what is everyone else up too?
http://twitpic.com/7s9kl - we haven't talk since the day of classes started 
half a day is gone again 
i used to like it when friday was my least busy day of the week, well thats a time of the past 
what a nice sunny day it is, shame i have to work through all of it  but holiday in 4 days
@ashwinn mostly because of what i have for lunch each day. depending on the item, i'm either at 1700 cals or 2200 cals for the day 
another day waiting for 3.0 jailbreak 
@rjramos haha I remember when I had a job I was working night shifts and I would sleep most of the day but only about 7hrs or less 
@BobbyBKdreams  We had thunder and lightning the other day! 
Last day of placements 
back to work and on a late shift 12-8  at least its only one day, right?
day full of disappointments 
1 three times a day for a week, then 2 pills twice a day for the next 6 months or so 
Last day of camp   
ill  how annoying it has to come on the last day of the week!
I'm soo tiredddddddddddddddddddd. This week has been hectic... I need a lazy day 
getting up so i can get the day started another rainy day here 
@tommcfly im glad you have got some new raybans and having a great day! my day has gotten worse. my dog is sick 
Housecleaning day...hurray. 
what an exhausting day. lost my bottle!!! 
uploading tons of @uunpoynter 's graduation day photos.. and somehow i regret that i don't have any picture of my graduation day.. 
Last day of camp 
Terrible day!No electricity till now 
@livlab I was down for 2+ days... started as sinus and throat drip...  day 2 was not good.   ;(
Another rainy day!  Who can take it! 
Bright and early day ... Last full day in key west... Its been fun, don't really want to go home  http://myloc.me/4rxt
Another cloudy day 
Another day, another #squarespace, but still no iPhone 
last day of holidays   Going to make the most of it!
Another rainy day 
Ugh, why can't i be out in the sun for a day instead of working????? 
wow it will b another scorcher 2day i will need 2 drink powerade and wated  '''
@gmuncy have some garlic fries for me... Some of us have to work all day 
ugh another humid cloudy day. i swear the sun has come out a total of five times this summer 
@orangepeacock awww   I hope your day only gets better from here.  *hugs*
ugh.. figures it is supposed to rain the day I am supposed to go hang out...    so bummed
How boring is that boredom all day  is the twintter can solve this?  
Last day of volleyball 
@neridra  we had a fantastic summer day here.but the next few days are going to be cold and rainy too. *sighs*
ran out of contacts  this day is depressing  http://twitpic.com/7t1n5
t.v. isnt working supposed to storm alllllll day 
Goodmorning y'all. Last day in buffalo. 
WAHAYYYY! ohno, was last day in college 2day before summer 
hot day in sigillo....the temperature is very high! 
This day is dragging on! I want to be done here and get on with my weekend! 
Feeling sick  Only one more day of tests then off for summer holidays  then on pc all day  sick 
went alton towers day and is so megazz ill 
My first day of summer! It's raining 
all that productivity I wanted 4 2day when I went 2 bed last night hasnt happened yet  soon hopefully... soon
http://twitpic.com/7tmp1 - what a rainy day... and so cold 
Last full day on vacation 
it's a rainy day =/ adioos toga y virrete 
bad weather for the first day of summmer 
Such a gloomy day! It's raining here in the desert. 
It'd be nice if I could actually get paid on pay day. 
@desafiada29  u've seriously had me on eggshells all day
boring day..my roommates left me for the weekend so im all alone 
Ugh thunderstorm coming. And not going to billy's. I'm having a pretty boring day 
 i need some company. @ceci2007 has been sleeping all day. ):
moving day!!! its wet and cold outside 
http://twitpic.com/7u85y - Memories of the day 
I will one day be able to watch msnbc on my TV.  one day .... .... ....
Last day of tennis. 
@pixiemom a weeks worth of laundry for me is like a day for you 
@aarondizzle the day that vic calls...i havent talked to him since he left. 
waited all day for the release only to find out that it doesn't work on stupid PCs 
Just had her last day with her first graders  Only two days left until camp!
@FranAspiemom I'm having a bad fibro day too.  
friday nite the best time of the week bsides for me i hav prac  this is supposed to b my relax day 
So... my commute to this summer program is 4 hours a day.... 2 there,  back.... ridiculous 
Another rainy day 
Another long day moving in the office..which is expanding into my weekend, 
finally back twitting... and enjoying the 3 day weekend..but the weather will not cooperate.. 
started as a great day, ended in being broked again  blew out tired and payed 400 for new tires.... 
but this throat still ruin my day 
My day went from fabulous to horrible in 1 min 
is exhausted from one day of twirling.. and there's still two more days!! 
another rainy day in town 
@beeches101 sweet i'm excited to i had a terrible day 
This is the 3rd day for this migraine and I'm so over it! 
Ahhh i've had hiccups all day!!! 
cold day without you  
the third puppy didnt make it  saddest day ever 
Is his last day of camp tomarow  just as soon as he got used to it...
it feels like i'm up early to go on holiday, but i'm not. it's for a uni open day and that's boring 
unsuccessful shopping day.  opening ceremony is still entertaining though.
one of those day again..feeling restless 
woke up 2day with a realy sore throat and got a bloody gig 2day  of all the days 2 get it lol xxx
What a glorious, glorious summers day 
I also had a horrible migraine the entire day.  ugh
@fcompany I don't think they would be able to skate after spending all the day manufacturing them 
about to go to work for 12 hours... mooooooooooo  (cos it's captains day at the golf club).
last day in my summer house 
escaping to mother-in-laws for the day to be looked after and cooked for. poor james is working all weekend, even on fathers day 
2am soup after a really long day. Another long day starts in 4 hours 
@RobStepCoaching I work in an opticians  wot do u hav planned for 2day?
i hate making projekts on a sunny summer day 
Another day of coursework 
Sittiin in cars all day is boring 
@46neko Today is my work day  - Does that mean you only work one day per week? Mazzeltov!
So... Just woke up, y I'm not fully sure but I guess i'll stay up for the day ahead.. 
@mileycyrus good morning , i have a bad day its rainy rainy rainy ..... its sux  sleepy day 
Why on the day of week I can sleep late, I am sitting here wide awake 
been feeling yucky all day!  my bones ache 
yet anotha boring summers day 
Such a gloomy looking day. Makes it hard to wake up. 
rainy day makes for a day inside   so try to make it fun
i was completely excited for my 3 day weekend and then i got sick 
rainy day for a bbq 
rainiest day for a bbq 
such a rainy day 
Just painted my nails, this day is dragging 
missed sushi day  #sushiday
Another rainy day 
such a gloomy morning, feels like i could sleep the whole day away, i miss the sun 
i'm having such a random day 
Watching this weeks diggnation before having to go paint all day.... 
i love those days when i can eat more than 4 meals a day...it's just so great to be able to eat so much unlike now 
says no update this day?  http://plurk.com/p/12g7a3
Another rainy day  ,
dads b-day, cleaning room, rain ruined my tanning day 
Another rainy day 
Waking up to ANOTHER rainy summer day 
Its such a rainy day 
working inside all day on this sunny hot beautiful day 
in my bed the hole day 
summer, but no parties. spending the day babysitting. so annoying 
Please don't rain... This is my only day to move 
weather picked the perfect weekend to rain all day!  I finally had some time to be outdoors. 
just up. food + tanning, then working 2-9:30 on this gorgeous day 
@ROLANGRANT rehearsal all day  no sun for me !
all i wanted was a pool day  where's the sunshine??
@matthewcarey i have flu  have been sleeping most of the day,  feels like morning time for me now!
I wish I was staying in on this rainy day 
rainy day.. 
@JLKulio aw sad day about the omelet! 
another beautiful day in the HAMPTONS. NOT! 
fed up was going camping 2day 
@treborlady this is a sad day... i have hundreds of pairs...  lol how are you?
Enjoying a rainy day 
As soon as I said it was a good day, it gets cloudy and starts to sprinkle... 
http://twitpic.com/7wqys - Another rainy day behind the glass. 
7 mile hike= hurting legs the next day 
going to be a long day of shopping 
i'm so bored!!!! it will rain the whole day today.... i can't wait for summer to come. rainy days makes me sad 
Reading about the mississsippi river allllllllll day 
another rainy, rainy day. i miss being outside 
loong day..... no hot water so have to sit here and smell  lol
working on this rainy day 
Wishing I could enjoy the first sunny day all week... But working instead 
@TheophilusL it's summer every other day or so here in L.A... haha 
rainy day 
I could use some action now,this day is going too slow for me 
A migraine will ruin a perfectly good day. 
day off... too bad I have to spend the afternoon cleaning and doing laundry and such 
It's the first day of summer and I am being forced to clean my room 
@jamiexchance day in the park &amp; fireworks cancelled 
Another gloomy day 
Yesterday was the first day in a very long time that I lost more followers than I gained. 
it's the first day of my summer holidays and i've slept most of the day and my night plans got cancelled 
This day is just too long. It is cold and rainy  and worst of all, not over yet.
last full day of vacation.... 
Nothing to do on this rainy day! 
@darkblue106 you do suck, and i was going to take over the page for the day 
I'm so cold  the one day I don't wear a jacket
@ Bentleys visiting @daniemccoy and mike! I can't believe it's his last day   
I hate how sleeping pills make me feel the next day 
Doing laundry  i don't mind it but it's just so annoyin and takes so much time out of the day
grls r having ruff day! 
Just got homee! ... finally .. long day . tiered and sleepy 
@Official_jjizzy same ... Rainly day 
starting monday, i will work 12 days straight without a day off 
http://twitpic.com/7y11n - 7th straight day of rain, 4 more to go 
amazingly bored....what a gloomy day..  
just coming to life... i wasted a whole day on sleeping.. 
this day was the worst day on holidays...it was raining and my connection to internet has been broken 
last day of the weekend 
is having the best curly hair day ever &amp; its raining...  why toronto why?...
@taylorswift13 mines been out all day 
@kidquizine I've been a slave all day. 
5th day of illness, really want to go outside 
unproductive day  doing a few flashcards now...
like can this day be any suckier?  I have no bud 
One hour on the computer then out into the sunshine, it may be the only day for a week that we will have sun 
@matthewfarr I got new shorts over the weekend too...sad day for ripped shorts  -sd
Another gloomy day  . I hate it.
i wish i was at B- day bash 
@Jonasbrothers i only wish it. i'm a few hours away but not coming to the concert  worst day ever
I finally have a night/day off!!! To do homework 
Little sunny, yay! but cloudy day. Increasing to rainy period overnight 
@crblahblah  I wanted to be an astronaut when I grew up back in the day, too.
I'm so sick of errands and running around crazy all day long. I messed up our date. @zombeat 
I wish the last day at the store, for the few that had to close it up,  had a happier ending. I know I didn't expect it to end like that 
I wish I were home for father's day weekend.  
@xtreemgeek Ugh. We just ate those a day before the recall came out 
@dawohlberg Not approved. A day of torture all around it seems 
B day ova 
longest day ever  i just worked 16 hours straight :S
Today was so fun!. I love the summer. 1st day of vacation and I'm already sunburned 
worst day ever 
@gcjj yaya one day as in when? another decade later?? 
@ddlovato i cant go to anoy of your shows  but im trying to. it would make my day if you replyd back
waiting for the reply..i wait for 1 day and he doesn't reply it 
My 4 day sleepover with @GiniLovesJonas has officially ended 
@r_sail:  blargh.  if that's the weekend of labor day, i'll be in argentina.       
rainy day 
its d last day i'm getting online..! 
Hopefully one day I will have enough peace in my life to be able to get a good nights sleep 
I can`t believe he won`t be there on graduation day. 
another rainy day 
Oh rainy day 
@AloneWithTheSea sorry u r not a happy camper right now, hope youer day gets better 
Just woke up. Last day of weekend 
Last day of the convention. 
worst day ever 
Tiring day! I didn't know going to the zoo would be so tiring!!! I didn't manage to see polar bears  
Today is also the first day of summer. The days are officially getting shorter.  #squarespace
Revision all day 
For the first day of summer, it's awfully gloomy outside. 
and whenever i hear that it will make me think of the saturdays and meeting @dougiemcfly i miss that day so much 
a weekend is just not complete with just one day... 
@TheresaLargusa no fish   but we still have a sunny day.
last day in longboat 
Last day in paradise 
sport lose again my day is bad 
is is back after 1 day of not checking her accounts (karma down.so saad)  http://plurk.com/p/12ptlc
first fathers day without my fajah..  but it is the first official day of  summer, so spring showers go away
@Iyertalks That is how everyone feels, need for more than 24 hours a day. I feel that before the day of exam 
Last day of vacation! 
happy fathers day! and first day of summer, even though its 61 degrees and raining. 
good morning all.  still no sunshine on illtown  but having a date day with my sweetheart so it's all good.
also... today is the longest day. summer solstice, days begin to cut in now 
is not ready for this  hot muggy day 
@dxoigmn zomg how is it? sad that you got a rainy day though 
Another rainy day, another day no pay 
About to go put my bathing suit on and lay by the pool for the day!!! But wishing @andynewman had the day off &amp; could join 
Another non-moditated day. 
A rainy day  ..
Her last message was almost 1 day ago... 
another rite aid day for me 
last day here...see him in 5 days...ima miss him..   
over half the day is gone and I am so tired! insomnia is back.. 
@lauraEchilds i just got it  sorry i havent had any messages all day 
I feel pretty crappy 2day my asthma sucs &amp; I just don't feel good.. 
my day is going good so far but now I have to study the rest of the day 
Having an off day 
Late notice to play lawyer again   I need to go hide before this day gets any more f$@ked up
s the street the other day. it's really upsetting. and i'm not seeing any jobs online 
fighting a day long migraine 
Getting ready to head to shanghai for my last full day in china. 
i hate this part right here!!!!! duty day suckz!!!!!! i dont think i'll be sleeping early tonight or not at all.. 
I finally paid my taxes. It's a sad day.  Who wants to drink? haha
its a chilly summer day 
2day is goona be real HOT, i can feel it 
8 hr day turned into a 12+ hr day  my feet hurt!
@audit 5am for me every day 
This is going to be the nicest day this week and I'm stuck inside with a migraine 
why is it always nice out when i have to work in a cubicle all day??  
is having a jammies day 
wishing I didn't have to spend the whole day indoors.... 
need to buy more dogg treats! 'elmo' been grumpy all day! 
Another rainy day  working then hubby time!
@stephtoscano it's not?   ok.. it's huge.. and it smells sooooo good.. what is it about flowers that brighten a day..!
Just woke up. I never sleep in, now I feel like half my day is wasted 
last day of vacation. 
@sassykai You know bored in the hood with the day off 
This is the last day of my life! I only have a few hours left of being 19 
What a gorgeous day! Too bad I had to stay inside all day  tomorrow as well!!
worst day 
runnin some errands on my last day off this week 
has had no internet all day 
I hate when it is sunny for maybe a day or 2 and then its rainy the next 
@courtneypscott I would too, but I have meetings all day 
Heading to dreamland soon... been a rainy boring day, I spent my time online... what to do 
@chanellecarver made a few entries that i got some good responses from, i do have to admit, have not updated it every day 
@amykant I would love to go, but have other plans that day 
Its been a beautiful day all day. Now that I finally get to go home, its raining cats and dogs 
well, i made it down to 663 emails. helluva day 
So much for the movies at midnight. I guess ill see it some other day. 
@igots0l3 sorry bout not responding I was sleeping the whole day 
hey everyone its a rainy day again 
been stuck all day in the kitchen....  
Rroarrr! a morning rain on the very day I took an effort to wake up early for a run 
@katiehogan but it's the only day i'm going!! i couldn't get a ride to any of the other dates. 
Bears want this day to be over. 
last day of vacation 
@ViciousC I've been there  I will tell you stories another day.
; worst day ever 
Finally home after a long day. I have to write another paper so I'll be up at least until 11 
Wish I was back on vacation.    Crapola day.
going to bed another hot and humid day 
@JLaw1908 she in a different state...  i call her avery day butits not the same
@Stoxjunkie me not hard core day trader 
turned out to be a normal day. ii was hoping for some one to make wonderful 
off to sleep, a long day waits for me 
I really wanted 2 c transformers 2 2day 
woke up at 5.30 on my day off! 
woke up at 5.30 on my day off 
men, i am so tiered all ready...and its just 08:30 ..     this is going to be a long long looong day
watching the 627 lb woman..  that could be me one day!
woo! finally got in and registered for classes. one more stressful day of registering left 
The first day of the holidays and I bored me already  &lt;33
The first day of the holidays and I bored me already 
morning all!!!! study day.....yayyyy.....not quite happy 
This week is dragging SO MUCH.  -.-  One more day until the holidays.  Seems like too long.  
is going to get thru this day without passing out from exhaustion...aaaagh so many hours to go 
@cross263 when you was live the other day 
The day I hit an animal with my car is the day I break down and become a hysterical mess 
rainy day  
I hit my toe  what a bad day is this??!!... hahhh...
Another miserable day of hayfever 
would love a day off in the sunshine 
hot and sunny day but must work... 
the day doesn't seem to be improving very much!!  and neither does the weekend!
is off to work for a half day, then off to a funeral 
off to get my nails done with lils, why is prom such a big day i just felt it and got all emotional! 
Packing stays in for another day 
Going to leave in a second for babysitting all day... 
Test day = 
Another bad Transformers movie  One day they'll get it right. One day...
countdown to t'hawk: 1 week!!!! yayyyy. comm health all day 
day seemed to be going very well, but now the weakness hitting me again. 
It's too cold and cloudy to see much.  I'll try again another day!
another grey day in philly ... where's my nice sunny summer days? 
ugh...a day without chatting with u, is like a day without happiness 
Last day of camp counseling  its been really fun!
wanders what to do on a rainy day off 
is saddened that this is the last day he works with his boss 
I need to get back my 2 meals a day diet 
thinking its going to be another hot day 
wishes he had the day off to sleep. I should have gone to bed earlier than I did last night 
@CitizensVoice  I can't wait for fresh produce!! I won't be able to make it opening day though. 
It's been a very exhausting day...feeling worn out already!! 
I am extremely depressed by the 10-day forecast - not a single sunny day in sight 
Haha ok   im going 2 physical therapy 2day 
@MajesticFlower you totally jynxed the sunny day. its pouring! 
going mini golfing because it looks like a crappy beach day 
last day of asthma camp, it always goes too fast 
my cat zed has been missing for over a day 
heading to golf camp ugh not another day! 
Oh no only one day left 
Off to doctor- what a day 
@imjustcreative I seem to face similar dilemmas every day. Feels awful 
Last day w/ the summer interns 
what happened to my sunny day? 
is back off to work .... split 2day, through 2mrw and full day sat w/ a wedding 
mufti day is the worst daaaay ever 
no countdown because it is only 4.6% per day this trip 
last day of classes   im going to miss chichi !
Last day of vacation... 
on the one day i dont bring my umbrella, i get caught in the storm 
lovely day!lol! sunburn 
Another day in the office... 2 days to go.  http://twitpic.com/2y2y1
ready for nice weather, day drinking &amp; not to ever be a student again 
looooooong day ahead! another sunny day 
Another day in work and life. Is it a pigeon day today ? or a statue day ? or neither?  hoping for calm neither day i think 
Starting a new day, a rainy day but inside me the sun allways shines! 
another day another dollar right?  i just gota be positive haha
@chregu So its blowing budget day? 
@garyshort coming back to a nice sunny day mate 
it's a beautiful and sunny day.. spring cleaning 
one more day until complete freedom!! 
@chasechax It can be tricky but I feel privileged to be able to talk to our supporters directly all day. 
@FiFIG03 awh, well you being able to make it is good enough for me  i'm still deciding about the pizza, we'll see when the day gets closer
@DarkPiano thank you! I hope your day continues on a positive note. 
@policymonk I read the funnies first. Puts the day in perspective 
Where's all the traffic gone in the morning? I seem to be breezn' to work every day... not that I'm complaining 
@michaelgrainger i'm well   still making ready4 race day 
Having made 2 sand sculptures already, I feel like I've had a productive day 
Just one day 'till my spring break! 
Such a sunny day 
last full day in menom till next week!!! lets make it count 
I'm getting ready to start another day of conference calls... woo hooo 
Internship day 
having some breakfast, completing a project, and enjoying the day. 
one more day until my 5 day weekend  all I have going on today is lunch with my grandparents then doing some homework later
Getting setup for the day 
back in after a busy day. 
record store day.... TODAY 
it's a beautiful day for a wedding!! 
good morning   busy day, much to do with no energy to do it, lol
At cornfest and its a lovely day with ruby and alissa. 
it's a beautiful day at the oasis 
first tweet ever: beautiful day, even to study - perfectly positioned to enjoy the day at caribou 
what a beeeaaautiful day for a wedding shower 
It's nice to have the odd sunny day. 
Going to make some French toast for...breakfast...then I'm laying in bed all day with this rain 
good morning! it's still raining and i'm proudly saying i'm still in bed  any suggestions on good movies to watch for a rainy day?
it's a beautiful rainy day 
its a beautiful day in the neighborhood  &lt;3
@jazzaybaybay that video made my day! TEEHEE 
What a lovely healthy day! I was much more calm and positive too! Hopefully oodles of these to come... 
@tommcfly ohh that must be horrible! but don't worry you can tweet all day!! ;) and I can read you messages 
calling it a day after getting to know quite a few more tweeters! Have a twecial evening all! 
love u gays soo much.... wish you a great day 
#asot400 the signing is awesome.... it's a beautiful day   live trance is the best
is spending all day bonding with my little 
is watching match of the day 
@jmlevine hopefully not excited enough that you won't come for slope day! 
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood... 
Having a relaxing day  loving it
Now for a day of running around like a crazy person trying to get organized for a week away from home. I'm sooooo excited 
We've been hula hooping all day long! 
going for a run on this beautiful day 
Haha I have that song on repeat  it's going to be a good day 
has finally been reunited with my pillow...a little early but it's been a busy day 
busy and productive day... night! 
long day, passing out  see you in the morning
is abut to launch myself into some gardening. what a glorious, sunny day 
dinner soooon. music yay  good day
Just woke up, another sunny day 
sunny day 
What a lovely sunny day - breakfast outside in the sun  Last day of the holidays ...
hiii twittererrrs, starting my day very early. i'll be at the gym all day, text me 
Just woke up for a brand new day 
@DJshe   on your highlight of the day
song of the day  http://tinyurl.com/cpkjrm laceys awesome
is enjoying this beautiful sunny day 
doing laundry and ready to take on a new day. 
@ljones1981 big smiles going out to you this day 
To finish the day off...I'm going to cut the grass 
finally theres sunshine on my day off. 
just finished playing badminton in the gardenn, on this lushhh day 
@eliiiiza he's doing what he does best... sleeping. he's about due for a bath, just waiting for a warm day, so he can mostly sun dry  
@tastethemagic wow 200 more updates in 1 day that is ambitious 
hearing the new single from green day .......  the song is great ......
@tednh went to bed at 8:30 last night after drinking all day at 4 year old birthday party! 
Its a better day waking up next to you.  The End.  
Another day of baseball !   
What a beauty day. 
http://twitpic.com/3lqig - Ahh my view is fantastic! Such a beautiful day! 
http://twitpic.com/3lt6b - how i spend my last day of spring break 
Beach again  last day of spring break though :/
I love WulffMorgenthaler - great entertainment in my emailbox every day 
had a nice day in the sun 
Ahhh... I love Sundays. Plans for the day: workout, plant seeds, finish grading essays, enjoy the sunshine. 
@craigsbeardwax It goes from curly to straight to wavy so it's easy to change from day to day, depends on the mood 
its such a nice day  only just getting dark!
@VioletsCRUK elllo  hows u doing young lady?  had a good day? i have had a lovely one 
enjoying the day off, spent mostly on the couch. awh - the day after a wedding always feels good 
The sun is shining - it's a beautiful day 
daily updates + celebrities = twitter   its my second day here and i loving it !!!!
@barbruganiksyer It sounds like it was a great day, I hope you made your goal! 
the sun is shining,again! looks like it'll be another lovely day 
@PoisonIvy69 morning.hope you are havin a good day so far. 
Is having another day in the office, but getting bennys bike at lunchtime 
@lerouxbotha you made my day!! In my press in!!!!! 
@katofawesome sadness! I hope you have a lovely day anyway 
too much excitement for one day... going to eat mexican 
A busy day ahead.. 
@amypalko - planning a nice relaxing day off 
At college.....what a nice sunny day   
@joshtastic1 bye, have a great day 
went to city 2day!  spent more than half day lost. lol! now watchin biggest looser.
@28parkave well done you! I need to do my measurements, hope you have a good day 
Having a nice inset day 
@dannywood wow you start your day early!! I'll be hitting the gym later...I'm not a morning person  lol
@kbphotos I'm with you on extending the weekend one more day 
@meganintheuk yay! and what a day it is! enjoy the sun. i'm off this afternoon too. 
Enjoying the sun on his day off. 
what a beautiful day.. i'm full of the joys of spring !!! 
is lovin the sun 2day  x
45 more minutes and then a whole day off 
Running late, but beautiful sunrise. I hope it's foretelling of the day.  have a good one!
up and ready for another fab day! closing more deals this week 
finishing up my project day assingment, and seeing mary this afternoon 
4.20  yet I'm sitting in schoool for 6hours of my day
Last day of long lies and studying in the sun for two weeks 
@2mbrand easy on your purpose, you may need it some day! 
11 days til move in day.. 
Best time of the day.....lunch! 
is wrapping up the day and ready for the weekend 
ended a bad day on a good note... 
Morning all! It's new kitten day!!!!!  I can't wait 
@earthcrew lol on the cell, twittin away  how was ur day?
Another great day full of sunshine! 
@DanWarp would you ever reply to me ?!  your a legend   it would make my day if you did haha !
sunny day? 
is looking out the window, looking at the wonderful weather. What a nice day! 
@yesssPecan free cone day, yeap! 
is feeling summery 2day... 
looking forward to a not too busy day, just two appointments ! 
says, it's a new day - the sun is shining, and my coffee is sweet 
lucky day, found a ring 
Off to the radio station now...another day 
has the whole day off to enjoy the sun 
@traut_ your day starts at 12 p.m. ? 
@djhomeless The first day is worst. I've been without coffee for weeks now and I'm fine 
so half day to day. get off at 11.   then off to the orthodontist. last visit ever! =D
i am getting ready to go home for a 3 day weekend, bring it on 
@dsmpublishing and then the river is calling as it is another beautiful day here 
Just another day in paradise 
what a great day, sunny and warm! I think I'll go for some jogging w/ my dog this afternoon. have a good day everyone! 
@Lauratrib morning.  hope you have a good day
@Dannymcfly @tommcfly @dougiemcfly  http://twitpic.com/4e9v7 - Clubing!!!  the 5th party in that day!
Managed to get green day tickets yester 
soccer all day long 
@janeambrose it really did  It's the highlight of my day! \/
getting ready for a busy day ahead 
@debworks No worries - how did the first day of SOBcon go for you? What did you learn? 
another beautiful day in miami  open house, then south beach for the day!
@AlpacaFarmgirl I'm really glad u had a great day. That's what birthdays are for. 
Another sunny day 
Going into the garden to enjoy the sunshine. What a lovely day  Catchya later x
going to ther races all day! leaving ahah 
hanging with kt down by the lake!!! beautiful day!!! 
@Ashiro still a novice! graded for yellow the other day but was my first grading so chuffed  yourself?
@derrich So a cloudy day would be really bad for them?  
Loving this rainy day for some reason...? 
Another great day - so chilled in the sun 
@johna404 I'm tired, a long night and still many hours remaining in the day!  How about you my friend?
i'm going to need more red bull to get thru the massive sports day!!! 
Home again after a great sunny day 
@ahbadr Don't worry the teams are self-organized, I just help on the sessions day &amp; that's it 
caps win  happy day
Currently having a trip back to memory lane, it's been 4 months and a day since I was returned to the market. I hope he's doing well. 
http://twitpic.com/4guln - Boys who make my day. 
Loooonnnnngest day ever, all over the gold coast 
A good ending to a good day 
kina grannis writing me back on here totally just made my day lol 
NIce to hear so many people enjoying their day  That's what weekends are all about.
Just woke up to a sunny day 
Long day with the books tomorrow!! =(.... But  because summer is a day closer!
Going for a walk this morning, looks like being a nice day 
is thinkin it may be a good day for shoe shopping 
such a nice day .. off to french market now 
@sinfulsignorita hey pretty  it's such a lovely day in ct  how u doing?
This is the finish line before the d day for my test i'll study and in 2 weeks i will talk to you guys pray for me  i love you all &lt;3
@obox @obox That's the game as we know it.  You have a great day! 
all ready for a lovely day i the sun 
it's a beautiful sunny day 
need to taste martini one day 
Enjoying a quiet coffee on my favourite day of the week 
Holy... early start to the renovation project! Should make for a shorter day 
ill swim the ocean for you  mmhmm bored. going to lay out. nice day.
ugh homework day. but then i get a nice relaxing week of studying 
Such a gorgeous day.  Plans are being postponed
Off to work, it's only a half-day! 
relaxing after a hard shopping day 
@HUGONATOR no, but check back later, i add more every day 
good morning!!! its a beautiful day outside per @vesmiggy 
well i gave in didnt i, she got what she wanted, took ages to find the place.. over all was a good day and was worth it  xx
@WeAreTheUsed here it was a sunny day , 24 degrees (celsius) 
what a beautiful day in the neighborhood  sunshine!!
is home alone haha bring on tuesday day of peacefulness some sun would be nice 
back from a awesome day out with my family..what a beautiful spring day! 
@KingQuagmire: Why, of course.  @e25b: as if I don't tell you every single day.
back in centrifuge, it was a good first day 
Watching greys anatomy resting after a whole day at the nautico 
another beautiful day in the city  the bay all day!
@uvalmore  I've had my hands full all day. We are dog sitting 2 dogs and picked up a sweet little stray this afternoon, 0-3 in one day.
went to church t.day trynna start the week of good 
I like to go to the internet to twit all day long! 
Right off on a mission to have fun have a great day all 
@ebarthelman 1 perk of being as tall as I am is I can get away with eating more. If I stayed in bed all day, I would still burn 2350 cal 
who has a day long text conversation? me. 
morning (gmt+1) all! the cult is touring europe this summer! yay! will kick of the day listening to any of their records 
interesting day. good overall 
@tommcfly it's the best day ever. it's my birthday 
a sunny day brights up the day! 
morning world, is raining 2day so revision don't seem so tough, 
having another only fools and horses marathon day 
@gothtart congratulations, you two are so well suited   have a lovely day x
57 days till my 18th B-day 
@iamSteveZapp I've noticed!  enjoy another rainy day!
back to work on a beautiful sunny day 
vuelven sunny day real estate? http://tinyurl.com/cqtynq   
Getting ready for college. I had a good sleep.  rainy day today. I love it.
internship day #1 - to thee hospital i go. 
Feeling pretty good this morning! Lets hope it lasts through the day 
@atomicfern just made my day: http://tinyurl.com/cumqmv 
last day of classes!! 
each day is a new beginning 
has just come back from horse riding, what a brilliant day 
a successful shopping day 
good! now i don't have to answer the question 500 times a day 
A shower feels so refreshing after a long day at the fair 
has enjoyed her first day of summer 
@dpocza I hope to take you on that offer one day 
Home at last 1 more day till my weekend begins!! 
the sun is waking me up. what a beautiful day 
had fun at her b-day celebration.  
This weekend has been probably the best and there is still another day to go!! 
@devyra haha one day we will have a huge roadtrip 
@OhaiGabriella i hate it. it should just be english all day everyday 
Reading my book in the sunshine, goona be a good day 
@MariahCarey I'd say it a million plus plus plus times !!! I love you and appreciate you I'd choose your happieness over album any day 
good morning  finally a day of sunshine for my summer hol!  away to watch the footie in the sun  x
@NursingDrPepper I told you I'd be back  Just won't be updating as much before my exams. Looking forward to a day or two in your house ;)
early morning golf on a sunny day 
rainy day, i'm getting starving, dream of hot tea with noodle 
is going to spend the day with the in laws 
everyday should be mother's day 
Another beer after another hike on another beautiful sunny day at the wolfgangsee 
says happy mommys day  spending the day with my mom
I'm enjoying the sunny day 
is sitting in the garden, what a beautiful day 
the day went  boring so far ....  i think i need a vacation again  
Boating on this gorgeous sunny day 
Finally, a sunny day! I can dry my laundry outside  I feel so... domestic...
wow. that was great! morning twiitts. happy mothers day to all that applies. 
mommy's day  spending the day with my momma.
Off to mother's day brunch 
@taylorr00lz green day. 
@HOTTVampChick get spyhunter 3, it runs a removal for me every day 
@pinkpoodle323 that day's behind me now so it doesn't matter! 
@AddoraLive I have to come in one day! The shop looks amazing 
@michellecpa any big plans for the big day 
I love how @drakkardnoir &amp; @day26s music calms me down 
down down down with one day to a great WEEKEND! 
After a lovely day and evening, I'm getting ready to go to bed 
just woken up and had breakfast  the most important meal of the day. No really all I had was toast :o
86,400 seconds in a day!!!   wooow!      lol
in english lesson... boriiiiing ): // 5 day 
@DavidArchie, I've seen you twice now on television, and I have to say that you just made my day. 
Trying to find some socks 2 wear 2 day 
is up, the sun is shinning and i have a day off. 
Ugh...miserable this morning! Not feeling well...but... It's one more day till pay day n the weekend 
Another day, another dollar! 
will be fishing for compliments all day 
excused all day to do the senior video, what?!   
Again... Starting my shift before the sun starts her's.  Yay day 3 monorail!
@Decemberrr that's good  20 more minutes to soak in your awsomeness. that'll have to last for the rest of my day.
is enjoying the first day of the rest of summer 
just woke up - so much writing to get done on my 7 day vacation! 
@mattmetzger @jeffhook can spend a day in my chair anytime he wants 
i love the day after deadline - it's indecently chilled  if only it was sunny!
had a good day in the sun 
@bertranddkhar I KNOW! It is fast approaching! We should have a little celebration that day! 
@TSPR bought them the day they went on sale 
Just woke up. Ahhhhhhhhh, third day of long holiday.. 
back from a long day sunburnt but happy  haha
finally online again - great 1st day at #iak09 - managed to complete the deck - yihaa 
Morning all - another grey damp day! Lunch &amp; retail therapy  planne later though 
A day off to sleeeeeeeeeeeep  bliss
morning all! i wish you a fab day 
had a flipp'n incredible day, big highlight would be having lunch with @kampavan 
@1stAngel If you want 2!! Sundays are lazzzy days and are a day of rest 
first day on the beach this year 
Reading eclipse &amp; day dreaming 
ready for another busy weekend day!  At least it's sunny! 
inlaws are going out for the day...peaceful day ahead! 
is getting ready for a day outside.  I should go out and mow the lawn, and then golfing this afternoon.  
1.5 hrs and then home. end to 7day week 
@jaguarjulie It's beautiful summer day outside! 
I'm doing afternoon gym 2day. Right b/4 the Rockets advance 
Just come in from garden - been out all day - beautiful and quite warm 
such a nice sunny day.... 
torta day downtown in little italy 
Getting ready to start a new day  I love the weekends!!
its another bee-you-ti-ful day in socal. as usual 
@HairYoda I hope you have the windows open! It's a beautiful day out 
what should i do on my first day of freedom? 
spending the day with my brando! 
has had a really busy day and is now doing the dishes 
lake day...beautiful outside! 
having a great day!! last assignment is almost done!!! YAY! 
loving the relaxed rainy day 
had a great day in the forest, together with Johannes  He can be very arduous! D
@JasonMLee it was also pledge day for capital campaign 
@bigtrocks hope you enjoy your sunny day. 
What a weekend.  Yesterday it rained all day and we rode the bike anyways.  We had fun with the other 6 that weren't afraid to get wet.  
@CatherineGM24 LOL! I had a lazy day 2day! stayed in my pjs all day 
I had a lazy day 2day! stayed in my pjs all day 
i had a great weekend, but any day spent with @seanchoun qualifies as a great day 
Gorgeous day to be out for a walk though... 
@riandawson heard the new green day album?  #greenday
@katemthompson But how's your day/night?  I don't know what time it is where you are haha
@plasticfuzzies all up under the covers day 
so i haven't twittered 2day coz this morning was shit so i decided to spend the whole day shopping... shopping was perfect 
@annttkerr another 3-day weekender coming up 
@imjstsayin yes, we 3 had a really great day, the sun, and the drive down 49... with a yummy breakfast to start... good day 2day 
@bbusschots You should come over and see for yourself, you'd have a field day, actually you'd need a field month at least 
  Just another day in paradise. ;)
@random_bloke have a good day!  x
@IvyBean104 have a nice day ivy 
@samgilbey thanks  I'm glad you enjoyed it, it was a nice sunny day, if I remember correctly
another delightful day at the bookstore 
watching Boys Over Flowers @ work! the day is officially complete! 
Getting ready for my first day as a nurse extern 
is enjoying her lovely day off &amp; is thinking off doing some retail therapy 
Wow, what a trading day  (Not personally, but courtesy Praks!)
@raaach87 i got it on the day of release 
wow, it's really bright outside!! the sun woke me up 2day!! it's going 2 be a really nice day! 
@designbyday i can easily drink 30 cups/day. i sometimes 'light one up as I put one out' - as they say!   i probably average around 20 tho
Early start to a busy day. 
@LisaSanderson It is overcast here- but every day has its own beauty 
Off to the shower!  have a great day twitts!  I'll tweet when I can 
@wideeyedbrowns ooo when is it hug a veggie day? 
It's a short week for me and I'm wearing a new blouse...the day is off to a good start! 
glad I took advantage of the one sunny day this week   I could sleep all day with rain like this!
yay day long field trip coming up 
even the best fall down sometimes - howie day   x
another day of firsts 
Just few minutes and I can go home  This might be the best part of a working day 
Another day of schoool. Only like 3 weeks left thoughhh 
Finally a sunny day 
It's a new dawn and a new day... and I'm feeling good! 
@mark0121 thankss! have a good day u too 
memorial day weekend is soooo soooooon 
@vwlphb but roadtrips are fun!    And it's a nice day out.
@hurtleturtle mm.crumble of the day. As long as there's more crumble than fruit then I'm TOTALLY there 
good morning.  another wedding to do list day!
My little man is 2months old 2day 
drinking coffee and pondering what i should do with my day off 
@buddhapest I think my brain is having an imaginative day but you know how bad that could go 
Graduation day! 
A good day for physics 
I love when my boss goes on vacation. I'll be outside all day because the sun is out &amp; it's a beautiful day 
Last day till half term 
its hot. good day to do my laundry. 
just finished another exam ! 2 more left  such a busy day O:
morning all! what a lovely day  the heat wave is over! we can go outside and not fell like we're in a toster 
is loving having a day off, even if the skies are grey. they'll clear. 
my apartment is freezing. bedtime, up in five hours, go to pete's and finish a paper, then three day weekend time 
Having a duvet day 
is in a really good mood this morning! The sun is shining, and it's the last day of term!!! 
Yay! It is a nice sunny day and the bank holiday is approaching 
enjoying a day off, heading to the gym now 
is happy because it's a beautiful sunny day! 
is having a baking day! 
have a great memorial day weekend! 
dress down day @ school! hopefully this will be a good day 
@wickedmickey Sincere thanks to you. Just signing off for the evening, may your day be divine. 
,good evening twitterers! dinner time!  how's your day?? gbu.
@iMulleh your grandmon has a good day to have birthday on 
On the verge of a 3-day weekend 
Finally friday!! 4 day weekend here we come! 
@Circegr good day back at you  btw, u were right. I've read about the xplosion in the news last night
I love starting my day out with laughter. @danecook is hilarious! 
hopes iits a niicee day  just wokee up...
@pumpkinpie112 so that means it's a 4 day weekend for you! woo hoo! enjoy! 
Yay four day weekend! 
this was a great day. .going out watching a movie 
I must admit, im looking much more hotter every day 
So ready for a three day weekend!  
last day of work then a 3 day weekend!   
just woke up. it's a beautiful day. laying out in the yard 
@imiebelanger You do? I want some heat for basketball! But I hope you enjoy your day as well. 
has a four day weekend, sweett 
off to tarpon springs for the day 
@DealinNY good morning/night its a beutiful day in the tri state area 
so excited 2day, looking 4ward 2 my long weekend 
@CellarRats69 oh yeah i got a request from them the other day too, they are gooooood 
hopes this day goes by quickly  http://plurk.com/p/vh2z9
have a long day ahead of me but get to see my brother in 12 1/2 hours and can't wait!!!  
Wishing this work day would end so I can start my four (4) day weekend. 
it is a gorgeous day to start with a walk 
Graduation day!!!!! 
Four day weekend 
museum day 
What a beautiful day for a field trip 
excited for memorial day weekend 
A beautiful day in the neighborhood 
It's a beautiful day for a birthday 
So excited about a three day weekend!!!!! 
@charwills19 one day i will get a new laptop and you can have mine 
@urbanwolf pay day is awesome!!! 
half day 
@DawnMarieLS good morning beautiful, have a great day. 
@ianfnelson I beat that! Five day weekend! Five day weekend! Five day weekend! Five day weekend! Five day weekend! Five day weekend! 
what a day.. this weekend is going to be a blast. 
Another rainy day 
sunshine  .... BFF's last day here.. where will i be without you laura? haha love youuu !
is so exicted for the four day weekend! 
is having a good day! birthday girrrl 
is spendin' the day with his beautiful lady! 
Kelly is on the radio - The whole day 
On the bright side, it's a lovely day out. 
might go and sit in the garden seeing as its a nice day 
@davidwhittam ah well, there's me thinking she'd be happy about it.  nevermind.  how's your day going, leading up to the long weekend? 
@momof3crazykids hey! No worries hope it having a great day 
Yayyy. C: four day weekend! 
looking forward to the 3 day weekend 
so excited about the 3-day weekend!! AHHH!!!!!   
great memorial day weekend at the shore! 
is in a stupid training for the whole day... is lucky to have a laptop and is tweeting happily 
had a big day of shopping. now work 
Making hot cocoa to get the day started. It's raining outside, I missed the wet. 
@crazytwism u too have a fab day ahead.. 
@jkretzmer A very happy birthday! I hope you have a wonderful day 
Loving my day off in bed watching alias 
long, fun day...relaxing with some FRIENDS 
so tired, but had a fantastic day learning from @danesanders, @genehiga, and @annhamilton 
An other day an other 96 dollars 
i love @mileycyrus/ maybe one day i can sing on stage with her 
a new day, knackered from the very morning...  and the neighbours have fun drilling the walls...
half day! 
another day of school and yet another day of fun 
@adrianareagh It's that 2 day laundry I bet 
is very up early this morning. the sun is up and there is a beautiful day ahead 
3 months and 1 day. all of them greatly fantastic. I love bjb. can't wait to see whts in store for us  he's asleep
Checking webstats for http://www.templatemo.com/ reaching average 2,500 visits per day! 
it's my graduation day  going to the hairdresser.
trading can be addictive... enjoyed the first day with limited amount... 
is waiting for his snow day 
day 2 of good eating down 
first update of the day.. gudafternoon? 
highlight of my  day! 
what an absolutely lush day!  apparently we have 4 days of this weather ahead - yippee!!!
Just back from swimming and the sun is out, going to be a good day! 
Too relaxed for the day that lies ahead. Should be in the office but decided i am owed a later start on my last day for almost 3 weeks 
@BrittanyBmblBee we will have a grease day! And we'll make our pibk ladies jackets that day too 
It's a great windy day outside my house, wishing to sleep all day... 
17 Degrees alread! Going to be a nice day 
@hannahwinter morning - hope you have a great day 
@wouternet you beat me by an hour  But indeed, a new day is upon us &amp; the sun shines, hurray! 
I prepare for a great golf day. 
woken up to a wonderful day YAY! 
It's almost the weekend and it is a gorgeous day, can't help but have a smile on my face 
is glad,finally pay day 
@carolermp you have a wonderful day n weekend! It'll be a hot one 
Wishing the day would hurry up so I can go and chill in the park 
Another eventful day, term breaks are wonderful! 
making you smile is the highlight of my day! 
