Most common words for this cluster:
[('day', 1369), ('today', 1341), ('tomorrow', 48), ('yesterday', 46), ('school', 38), ('morning', 33), ('days', 21), ('rainy', 21), ('week', 20), ('time', 19), ('weekend', 18), ('amp', 18)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'day', 0.8489436507225037), (u'today', 0.7944647073745728), (u'week', 0.6616723537445068), (u'morning', 0.6573464870452881), (u'tomorrow', 0.6412886381149292), (u'Friday', 0.6203001737594604), (u'Monday', 0.6042656302452087), (u'afternoon', 0.5988258123397827), (u'Thursday', 0.5935627818107605), (u'Wednesday', 0.5840113759040833)]





If ever there was a day for staying in bed, today is it 
today is day 1 of my fast &amp; i feel i may break b4 i go 2 bed  i must hold out til the end of the wk! must stayed focused, wish me luck...
@jerrrm today can not. meeting the whole day. gilaaaa 
so today is apparently cuddle up day. and i have no one to cuddle up with. 
feeling ill today too so not having a great day 
So far not much going on today.  We will have to wait and see what today brings I guess.  Another yucky day out though. 
i wish i could go see day 26 today  i hate suite 98 they tease all the 20 y/o's ugh!!!!
is not having a good day today. 
is not in the mood to work today  bring on my day off tomorrow!!
long day today 
i would love nothing more than to go back to bed and sleep all day... definitely not feeling up to par today 
another long day today  is it friday yet??!
: staying away from tea all day today 
and i am officially hungry again, it is going to be a long day today 
@divinacucina yes! it is my last day today. tomorrow, i head to cefalu! so sad about abruzzo, my heart goes out to those people 
today is just not my day 
woke up cold  but smiling today is going to be a grand day!
looks like another beautiful day here today - i love it! sorry @uppercanuck @Spoonsie 
its a sunny day today yay =] but still cold 
observing ducks for my stupid paper.  but other than that today will be a good day!
SO bored. It's a nice day out today, I want to be outside like all day. But I can't 
What a nasty rainy day out today 
today has gone really quickly for me, i dont know why since i have done nothing all day 
nice day out today...i am cleaning up my apt 
bad mood day today and i don't know why.... 
@julesyog you didn't ask about my day today!! 
is heading to bed! what a bad day today was  hopefully tomorrow will be better!
@davedays it actually rained all day today where i live  it kinda sucked...lol
@LUCYM95 darrrlingg. going out for dinner :s will be back not to late, chat then. hope u had fun today! haha i fad a great day  loveyouxx
Morning! Last day of holiday today 
Looks a great day outside today..  what shall we do.. oh yeah shopping 
i thought today was going to be a good day...but it didnt quite work out that way 
getting up early to clean. last day of break today. 
It's my training-day today, but i'm not motivated  motivate me!
Last day off school today.. 
my birthday yesterday was a pretty good day. was supposed to go into newbury today but i'm not anymore        
day of revision today  x
It's a gloriously sunny day but I'll have to stay indoors, 2 crafty projects which must be completed today 
today is my last holiday day.....  
just woke up and I am wishing today wasn't suck a busy day      Too much to do
nice day today but nothing to do 
@patientZeroBand thanx! U too! I'm having a bad day today! 
hi whatup??? i just realized that today is the last day of my spring break 
Completely Bummed today is the last day of vacation 
Gorgeous day today, shame I'm now in doors ironing 
crummy day outside today 
@NurseStacy I hope it's a nice day for baseball! It was 75 and sunny here yesterday, but it's gloomy today 
not such a good day today 
is going to miss the lovely sunshine today as I have to go into hospital for the day 
I completely forgot that I'm in training all day today 
@squidge actually today it wasn't a good day to cycle ~ brixton road was so busy with lorries  ~ need to find other route
Morning tweets. I need some determination today. Already not starting out to be a good day 
4.39 am... I can't sleep  today at school will be a long day :S
is ill! of all the times to be ill it's today, the day i'm supposed to be putting up my exhibition at college! why oh why! 
@risingpaulo theres no where id rather be on a day like today than sat in the office 
@EsmaaSelf yes the article got done and have two more today, but ah it is early and rainy, and cold, excellent day to stay in &amp; write 
today's not really my day 
@dannywood One day, I'm gonna wake up at 5am and go running - but not today. 
Ugh today is not going to be a good day  :-x
wowwww. today is literally the craziest day ever  i miss my family
wowwww. today is literally the craziest day ever  i cant eat untill sometime after 11
even though i'm awake a good hour &amp; a half before class, i'll be late. looong day today. 
starting the day.  not back on track yet but hoping to get there today.  i am exhausted from last week. got to get back on the treadmill 
At work til 5 - thinking it's going to be an unproductive day. As beautiful as it was this weekend is as nasty and ugly it is today 
wowwww. today is literally the craziest day ever  i miss my family
@Dilerius I agree! even though I dont have school tomorrow/today I still have to revise all day! 
@xx_J_xx worked all day  it was so hot today it would have been perfect day to take off.
struggling with my diabetes today! not having a good day! 
first day back at school today. 
It's supposed to rain all day today 
wowwww. today is literally the craziest day ever  i miss my family
Taking naps in the day really kill me when it comes to the night, wasn't able to sleep much  doesn't help that I have those tests today..
buzzy day @ the office.. kind a hard to exercise today 
@iheartjassi At a bar... today was my first day.. whew! 
 today is the last day 4 me to play w/ my laptop,,, i gotto studiii hardiiiieee
Last day with nephews today 
blur not a good day today i feel so sick 
Not having such a good day today :S - lots of pain 
Such a nice day today... go and work 
had an awesome day of shopping, piercings and mcfly yesterday...back to the law assignment today 
16 hour day today... 
At arbys, planning out todays shooting schedule. Unfortunately its not a nice day out 
misses sonya.    moving day today.
Working all day today... No sunshine enjoyment for me today 
After surviving several major blows to delicate areas, my camera is officially dying  on a happier note, it's a very pretty day today!
i got another baseball tournament today  i feel like laying in bed all day
kENTUCkY dERbY is today.. and i won't be there  sad day.
today is a day i'm not really sure what i'm doing..  poo its not raining any more  i like to watch the rains
Man, screw work today. I'll be here all day. 
Uuuggghhhh today is not a good day 4 me 
getting out of bed &amp; off to get my iced goodness... possibly some caprese cause i miss it so much! today feels like an emooo day 
@heidimontag sick today  what a waste of a pretty day!
I predict, today will not be a good day. 
it was such and ugly, hot, and humid day today 
Is super sad that today is my last day of leave 
That a boring day it is today 
says I can hardly believe that today is the last day of my summer vacation!  http://plurk.com/p/rixjp
had a productive cleaning day yesterday but my shoulder is paying for it today.  ouch 
@pixelgypsy sorry to hear that  I hope today is a better day!
last day in ottawa  heading home today at 2.30
@marcussimon i didn't realize today was the day! i forgot to donate  we are missing our cousins!
nothing too exciting at day 2 of bamboozle today 
@gcuniverse I can't make any cards at all  will it be fixed soon please? desparate to get a load up today will be out all day tomorrow.
going to bamboozle today... omg i pray it doesn't rain all day 
nothing to do today..very boring day ahead of me.. 
@creativethurs have fun on day 2! i wanted to try to sneak there today - but its probably not happening     next saturday for sure...
@pervetastic your boys are getting injured lately  oh, I was going to ask you if mother's day was today for you!
today was a great day. really tempted to smoke 
A full day with my baby today, but he's flying tomorrow morning 
@ananastaja then go! still raining? its raining here today  maybe i'll delay my frasier island visit a day or two..
is hoping it won't rain and ruin the day's cricket today 
Oh it not a very nice day today. 
@officialmorosi hmmm having a bad day yesterday + today 
 today is the day and i enough know if i should be happy they getting pulled or sad im going to be in pain
Last day of my holidays today 
Not a good day today- school tomorrow 
It's a dreary day today 
is feeling a little sad today- no reason why-just am.   Its going to be a long day.
Doesn't want to go to school tomorrow - far too much to do  Just want the day to catch up so i can rest today
today is not the day after all  tmro ! LOL
@sisnina yea he is. aww today was your last day 
its been an interesting day...met a really sweet person today but I'm kicking myself for not getting his name 
haaappy mothers day @nancivega! you're truly the best. i love you and wish i could be with you today 
Up just before 9 this morning - lovely day, will go running again later.  for now, research. comp is cranky today.  
last day of badminton today 
good morning all the twiitter people out there, well I have to head to work here soon, today is going to feel like along day 
revising all day today 
@amandapalmer it was mothers day here today - i missed the stream  wil it be vimeoed?
What a day for golf. Why oh why do I have to revise today? 
One of these days, I will wake up breathing normally through my nose and mouth. I thought it would be, but I guess today is not that day. 
has to do french papers allllllllllll day today. bad times indeed. 
How come today couldn't be topless day 
sloppy weekend,homework all day today.. 
its mothers day.  hopefully i wont remember later what today is.
is back from church, today was mary austins last day! 
@cdurham23 I'm good but sad, today is my last day of vacation! back to work tomorrow! 
Is saying happy mothers day to all momies! Wish I could see mine today 
today's been such a crappy day. 
@sweepmeup yup, i liked that place. i got my eyebrows done there today and they said it was the last day ever. 
@aussiecynic today was terrible  why was your day weird?
I missed a full day of #teched09 today 
I think today might actually be a good day. But I still need to carry around kleenex with me. 
wat a horrible day it is today  irish summer this is it
@MCBFF I haven't slept yet  But today is a short day thank goodness
What an ugly day to go with an ugly feeling for me today 
rainy day today 
such a rainy, blah day today 
It's my b-day today and I still have 2 go to school... 
I wish today was bagel day 
today has been a smelly fish kinda day 
can't believe today was a really nice day and i have wasted it all on studying 
had good fun today.  sundays will be my new least favorite day to work 
face some issue on office today morning  .The day starts very bad  
rainy day today 
My 5 days off have ended.... today is my first day back.  
i have to study all day because I didn't do anything yesterday!! 
today wasn't a good day for me. i just want to cry 
not such a good day today, sun is taking a break 
My new light-room studio burned last night, today is a sad day 
at work wishing I had more than one day off this week and irritated there is no chance of leaving early today 
homework day today 
morniiiiiiing. shower time. sigh. today is study day 
@mmbopidy aw no  i was supposed to get on with more essay today but i've slept all day lol. i'm scared for tuesday too!
sleepiness rating for the day is 8 outta 10 today. 
today is already an awful day 
today is not a good day 
longgggggggggg day today  mite not be awake to update later lol
@MattKeefe seems to be bottom out day today - had my second pair break on me now 
Everyone seems to be having a bad day today 
Last @Melonzmag tutorial today, this is a very-very sad day  x
i can to do anything what i want for today. this is my day. but i need an idea what to do 
 today was a really crap day.
Ugh, had a sick day today..definitly geting a cold 
Ugh today is going to be a very long day! 
off to work its sucks long day today  
lovely day off today, but have to go to the dentists 
@ukmusicgeek nah I was working  day off today and it's raining
It's a rainy day today. 
Off to the day job today...didn't sleep worth a darn last night...have a feeling it will be a long day 
@mollymolly88 omg i'm angry it's not a good day for me... boo  gonna definately try to write music today though.
At my last day of high school today  I am going to miss it.
over all glad today is over, didnt have a good day. 
how windy is it today . Trees down on power line s, having a great day ! ? ? ? 
@bearpupuk I had mine this morning, done by my manager. Its his last day today as he was made redundant. 
Working all day today, watching the world from these big smudgy windows. 
Goooodmorning(: today is going to be a great day! 
last day today 
Last day of college today.  And I've forgotten what it's like to have more than 5 hours sleep... *snore*
Wish i had the day off today as well  i'm just in the grumpiest mood these days.. *sigh*
 Last day of year 11 today. Boswells 04-09 (L)
Such a nice day today. I also smell aMazing...apart from the hairspray 
finally today is friday...long...long...long work day 
goom morning all,well what a bloody horrible day today!!! dark,rainy, 
good morning everyone,well what a horrible day today!!! dark,rainy 
What on earth is wrong with the connection?  I just realized today isn't my day at all. :'(
enjoyed me day off yesterday but back to the grind today 
I have no voice today and all doctors near me have a extra day off  
today is the last day of school!!!!   but only for the week... our last day doesnt end until june 25th......... ugh..  &lt;3
Waking up to what seems like a beautiful day. Although, I think it's supposed to rain today 
wish dad would hurry up with shopping, so hungry! revision day today 
it's friday and i have more work today than any other day this week  ugh!!!
Goodmorning! i dont want to go to work today  but at least its friday which means 4 day weekend to spend with my love!!!!
tired, last day of school today, its so sad! 
really sad that the best weather day of the weekend is today, and i will be stuck in the office 
no 4 day weekend...had to come in to work today  but I am getting a new hairdo this afternoon! so that's a plus
this sleepy girl has a 12-hour day today 
Wow, today's a pretty hideous day 
it's friday, but i need starting material so my four-day reaction sequence gets started today 
I had the day off today but they asked me to go in for a few hours  Its okay though... need the money.
is glad its friday and a three day weekend but there is so much sadness today.  
@monster_laura wow your face does not seem to be having a good day today! 
really depressing horrorscope for me today- I hope it doesn't turn out so sad of a day  #wishiwasinLA
not so much of a great day today..looking like an indoor day 
I have such a headache. Last official day of school today  why do i feel sad? i was supposed to be happy!!!
wewp, another day at the office  today was my telecommute day!
I just fell and busted my knee..today is NOT a good day 
Spending as much time with the puppies as I can, since today is my last day with them 
@rockentry awww, we are not in sync today, i'm just calling it a day now  .. well happy tweeting!  xx
is wishing tomorrow will be easier than today but then comes red day 
It's not a good day to work today. So black boy 
I had a good day today, but I haven't forgotten that today wasn't so good for others. One day the whole country will get there. 
@mariahriah my tumblarity was 83 today and dropped to 59 for no reason!  i've been blogging all day!!! haha
@thenewbnb Aweosme!! I have a bit of busy day today 
@jonathandmello i was the first person in office today! definitely not the day for sloth 
let today pass fast  what a day man!
@ntherkelsen bastard... 2100 a day to hit target... and today we are sitting at 300... fail  mexican?
Has to go to work on a beautiful day such as today!! 
@alabamawhirly I'll be stuck inside the office all day today 
@aravindkumar Whats up today..? missed the #coffeeclub that day 
lovely day again... hope it continues all weekend, I'm stuck at my desk today 
today is my last day of high school! most things i do today will be my last time doing them..  pure CRAZINESS! 
It's a beautiful day outside today, shame I'm stuck in the office with the blinds shut to stop glare. 
Such a nice day today but stuck indoors revising  3 weeks and it is all over!!
Depressing day today, have to pack as leaving ridiculously early tomoro. 
today is a busy day. exhausting! 
I tell him today! :S it's his last day 
has the day open until 4. don't know what to do. everyone is leaving today 
is just waking up.. not very impressed with my sleep or my dreams. today is going to be a sucky day, I can feel it 
is thinking today will be a longg day! 
moving today.... sad day 
@143presents What time you close today? Is it the last day today or tmr? I may shed a tear 
today is going to be a long day 
he wasn't there today   my free day from when the bell rang and wen it rang at the end was okayy..but after 
I'm really mad at the world today. Today is just a sucky day. 
I am going to be sooooo busy today it's not funny. i hate busy day's 
Home, today was seriously the best day ever.. To bad its over 
busy day today 
We had the BEST daycare ever for 6.5 yrs...today was our last day. It was so sad to say goodbye. I will prob go there on auto-pilot often 
cigs fell in catfish today  staying up til maybe 3; then sleep. great day (:
busy day today  I hate busy days -.-
today it is a rainy day 
@jemsy14 well today is my last day 
today seemed like a very long yet fun day. i think i did something to my ankle, its really bugging me when i walk 
Hottt day again today. Why dont no one i know have there own pool 
good morning everyone! such a gorgeous day today... why do i have to stay in and revise instead? 
Morning twitter friends!Just cleaned the house and made it dirty again lol...such a long day today...working until 11 pm..hmpff 
this is just not right, 1 day i can feel like that and today like this 
Feeling pretty sore today, broke a rib the other day 
got a busy day today.. but i'm bored right now 
today's our last day in orlando  checking out of the resort and then off to seaworld. i get to see shamu!
I'm up! Why so early with nothing to do. All my things to do were cancelled today.  wahhhhhh. Such a beautiful day
Todays the day...  This should be fun. 
Its moving day for me today. 
I wish there were more hours in the day. I'd like to go to the beach with my dad today, but he's working. 
today is so awesome day expect the end 
I have to work all day today... Another nice day in doors. This is not fun anymore 
good morning! rainy day today  but thats fine, will be great!
@doombox yep. today was our last day  it was soo fun there, regardless of the stupid sched :|
school the hole day today! soo boringo 
Wondering if today is national 'don't reply to text messages' day 
cleaning today....all day 
so yesterday was an &quot;i feel off&quot; day...MAJORLY. and today i'm going to a golf tournament. ugh 
wishing i could be at makerfaire today and tomorrow.... arriving in cali one day too late... 
I sure wish I was at any one of the 3 big codecamps going on today  ...but friends getting married is always a good day!  #fb
Such a nice day today but nothing to do 
i'm having an entire day to myself today!!  i'm excited but at the same time will miss my little lyndin  - we're together 24/7.
Waiting for the bus. It's a nice day today, too bad I'll be working inside. 
man its grey in chicago today  i guess that is good since i need to spend most of the day working
today is house cleaning day for me.. finally finished it and now I don't want to sit here all day 
we have this little boat and today we went to an island with it so i was on the boat all day and it was sunny and now my face is all red 
today has possibly been the worst day and i am not in a good mood! and i have to work tomo now aswell! 
I need to be more productive today, half the day is gone already 
its a beautiful day in the neighborhood. relaxing today. wishing i was goin to kenny 
&amp;... very busy day today.  hopefully hanging out with tiffany!
really nice weather today... didnt get to enjoy, i was workin all day 
I can tell today is going to be a bad day. 
fml :/ today is too nice of a day to feel this way 
@marenhogan I am jealous, mostly cause I couldn't be caught in a bikini  got some ##'s to loose, hope you have a great day today!!
today is such a perfect day to hit the beach. and i have no one to go with 
has seriously wasted a day today 
is having a rather boring day today  birthday in 28 days though 
going to sleep :/ today was a shitty day 
today is turning out to be laundry day 
In the office today on such a beautiful day..wish i could be out there with everyone else 
@ARKATECHBEATZ then a pro wakeboard tour    I'm outside all day today...
i had a really good day today :] now work 6 till 11 
today just isn't my day 
@WhatsTheT today was sexy and u missed half the day. 
@BobbieRiley today is bad luck phone day lol....I cracked mines 
had a nice day today with adam, but is no bored, and feels ill 
@ShannerNanner I got really sick suddenly today.... It's been a terrible day 
I don't want to work today. 12-7.30 shifts take over your whole day 
@Its_Chinkz today ain't lebrons day. 
Tough, sad day today... 
its such a nice day today but im stuck inside studying 
damn my whole body is sore  but today was an interesting day
ugh, what did i do? today was another bad day.   i miss you.
@jkylie it was a great day today!  sorry, your head started hurting you, 
@SheriTingle I'm having the same problem, been having them all day today 
@personified weekend has been pretty busy.. worked ALL day yesterday and today interviewed people all day for my company.. tired now 
is lazy today. laying in the sofa all day.  (sleeping)  http://plurk.com/p/xc1b0
had a lovely day yesterday, but has a loose fillinf today 
I just found out today that I will be working every single day this week  which means waking up at 530am every morning  meh.
today is in the same time most beautiful and most horrible day... it's sunday 
coursework day today  but i really cannot bevored 
( ybad night today   hoope is a good day tumurruw .
is using today as a crappy revision/hwk day 
Its raining all day today  but I'm determined to shop anyways!
had a great day yesterday but is paying for it today 
In work on a day like today, I bet next weekend it will be raining 
the most beautiful day that I've seen in months..and yet I'm stuck indoors doing housework  today 
@ayudorama bakerzin is having 50% off their chocolate amer cakes for the month of may. i only found out on the last day (today) ... 
yooooooooo. study day today .. again  im so happy if its wednesday! never ever back to that school! ;D
Its such a nice day today! but i have no idea what to do    x
today is my last day for dog sitting 
blah tweet to start the day: working today starting at 11am. I always burn myself on nacho cheese at the fairgrounds 
So much stuff to do today! And it's my one day off this week. 
Just had lunch...have had a rubbish day today, i've been cleaning and tidying 
going to foley today to shop some more and then beach for the last day 
beautifully hot day today. perfect for sitting indoors with books studying for an exam 
beautiful day today!!! but sat indoors as i think ive got a bit too much sunburn than i can handle 
just got up from staying up till 3 last night, ughh not good. today better be a good day 
I really gotta study today!! I also have to write that paper and make the powerpoint  busy day
I was so excited to be done babysitting after today only to find out I have to stay another day 
@miss_moonie Thanks hun. Unfortunately I spent my day off sick.  I work today.
BRRRR!  I can't believe how cold it is today!  I turned off the furnace the other day and today it is only 60 degrees in here! 
what a beautiful day today....wish I wasn't so harshly affected by all this pollen  
ugh  nothing to do today!!! hit me up i dont wanna be bored all day long 
@dkbuth is that today? I'm working all day today. 
I didnt even kno today was my last day of teaching kids on sunday 
@rosa7987 to shape it. I'm booked all day today and monday, so I can't really sit down and make this more detailed. 
I cant believe i work 2-6 today. I wish i can stay home all day. 
ugh studding alllll day today 
Yesterday sucked! I got the worst mirgrain ever  today has been better just working all day!
I wish my day would be over sooner today 
Feels sumwhat down today, I duno feeling really distant  and it's such a beautiful day in london town
I was at the beach all day today I'm so burnt 
Only worked a half day today... There would be absolutely nothing going on though 
today's been a really pissy day 
good day today..was at beach got really burnt..that sucked  xxx
needs to start homework...badd day today 
@gaetou Definitely! I mean,I didn't make any plans today,because I thought I would be studying all day,but that didn't happened at all! 
Not a good day in the office today 
@flawlessmi i had a very fat day today and i'm ashamed can i have a glass of water  lol
@d_ellery no  I've been lazy all day today and yesterday. Now I'm just a grump.
today is not a productive day  i'm procrastinating
i feel blah today too.... been sleepy all day.... 
I had quite a sociable day today. I wish I made more $ today 
Far too nice a day to have to go to work today 
day off today for my nans funeral 
@iMmopukCP Tests 1st day back from school that sucks! tests today 
why is ethier not playing today?! ughh! the day i can actually watch a game! 
today is not a day for sitting at a computer all day! 
today it's a big day but i dont know why i feel a little wired. 
Waves are still great! But I've got an admin day today 
@barbyang is it open today? It's a national day here...well not for all the companies...arghhhh why do I have to work today!!!!!  
Morning all, beautiful day today. so why am I so down 
@AnikoHeartsJon today is again dull n gloomy day in budapest 
It's a hot and sunny day today. Not ideal if you got to learn for exams   I would prefer relaxing and doing nothing.
just awoke to the dreaded words &quot;today is the first day of hurricane season&quot; 
Feels really sleepy today, also it doesn't feel like a good day! 
got to study all day today for my last exam tomorrow  and its so sunny outside 
I've been slack with twittering today I've had a pretty sick day  poor me.
@towerofbabble morning all, busy day today, wedding and press edits  sigh, oh well, money to be earned etc.
is got a busy ass day today. 
Goodmorning.it seems that todays going to be a much less proactive day than i had thought.my voice is almost gone 
I feel so becok today. I don't know why but i pity @fallagain for entertaining my question the whole day. So sorrry ! 
depressing, pressuring, irritating day for me today... 
Wow awesome first day...more magic kingdom today...no oa training this week 
it's a very odd feeling day today, knowing that i won't see @thesandman27's bright and shining face. 
Doing corporate taxes today, and tomorrow and next day and always 
today is not my day.. 
@eleanorpyc03 especially on a dreary rainy day like today 
today is suppose to be my freedom day 
Going to work  going to miss my family all day today 
I hope I don't be in this place all day I'm in a crappy mood today 
today is soo not a good day. 3 bad things already happened 
i really pushed the limit today at the gym...f'ing sore and working all day 
@merrral i didnt see you today and it was my first day back  (L)(L)
today's my last day with this long hair  T_T
a very sad news day today 
Rough day today  #fb
wow i woke up a little late today, its 2:30pm. i hate sleeping my day away 
today is literally the worse day ever  today just proves why I hate mondays!
@unitechy it was puking day for me as well today.  Samepinch.
today is literally the worst day ever! today just proves why I hate mondays 
wishing the day was not slipping by so fast... way too much to get done yet today 
no tweets today... i took the day off. tomorrow i got to hit back to school 
@_CrC_ well i found out i don't have strep throat today but still feeling crappy    that's been my day so far
What should I do today? It's not a good beach day 
Lovely day today but wish I was somewhere else 
long day today, so tired! i miss my family  10 more days!
I'm still sick and I'm trying to put in 8 hrs today. It's been a very long day and it probably won't end until midnight. 
@AlexaRPD awww rough day today huh? 
@AceMas21 I'm pretty good thanks! We had a bank holiday today so it's been a very lazy day lol back to work tomorrow tho 
bad day today. 
crazy day 1 of 3 today 
@xobusted62 too many things going on today in twitterworld... bad day to start the #USAWantsMcFly trend..  
Today was soooo much fun and i am sad that this friday is my last day of eighth grade 
did the gre test today! it took all day!   Now back to trying to talk to my parents about my fulbright award... 
@blink182aholic  how's your day today?
@abbafan69 sorry your day sucked.  I found out today that one of my favorite patients died 
today is not my day 
I didn't have a good day today. 
today is not  a easy day. super emotional 
I'm SO sorry twiter, I really am // today was a great day // he's amazing &lt;3 // I miss him 
@Gcellz oh no G.  I took a sick day today and now I feel good. ;-)
 was promised sun today for my day off!
I have an office day today and look at the weather again! 
@MissMarty  on a day like today I'd have loved that!  I only got to my lunch at 430 today 
Apparently today is our last wee day of sunshine for a while? 
well... thats 3 out of 4 things done for today. its going to be a long day  i hate waiting
Having to work my day off today 
only a half day today! but going to the dentist 
back from english exam found it suprisingly ok. really not looking forward to history tomorrow guna have my head in books all day today 
omg, i am soooo bored. i have no idea what i will do today  but i will probably be sitting around the house all day like usual! :'(
Yesterday's resolution to make today a day of rest.....broken at 7am 
For some reason, I have the feeling today is going to be a very long day. 
I'm not feeling well today  thinkbits a stay iin bed day!!
today wont be a good day. i culd use a few hugs. 
@stewartn - today is eval day.  wish me luck, because i couldn't sleep a wink last night; and i'm having 'one of those days'. 
woke up late today--no breakfast for me, and another 8-hr lecture day. yay. 
i could really use a cake day today.   #cakeday
Todays the day....not ready for it.  very bittersweet.
so it supposed to be my day off today. so why am i here?    why
It's day like today that I wish I had a dog 
I need salad today more than i have in a long time  crazy day!
todays been a horrible day. 
@ladyjazz06 I'm sorry ...today just hasn't been a good day 
after a really productive day yesterday i'm dragging today  http://plurk.com/p/y0pz3
Wow, so much for my thumb not hurting today  it's making up for a whole day of no pain right now. Ouuuch!
I just have to write three pages a day at this rate. I hope that I pass this class. I have one sentence for today 
morning, suns not out  can't believe I have a full day of math today..
Wow!... today was a day for pure dissappointment. 
is so tired after her 13 hour working day yesturday and has to repeat it today 
today is the big opening day of the show and i am still ill 
has an annual leave day today, and was going to stay in bed until lunch, but i woke up too early  now what do i do with my morning ?
today i will be having a sad day  
can't jog today, it's raining the whole day 
@smypf sorry to hear  - i had the day off today
Getting ready to take G to the hospital... today's the day she gets tubes in her ears...  She's going to be ... http://plurk.com/p/y2z2a
but broke my favourite necklace today.. major downside of the day! 
agh its not that sunny today  the one day i want to go out sunbathing not impressed lol
Still no sleep...today is going to be one, long day 
Its a dull day today  No more sun now, But just got up and eating musli for breaky
today is my last day as a teenager  where did time go?!
grrr, today has been such a rubbish day 
it will be a good day today!   tommrrow is graduation! 
Is not having a good day today 
i was told twice in one day that i talked too much, one by *tentman* and the other by @mikediesel. so today i'm keeping it cute lol 
It's nice to know that my bday(today) is the same as national egg day 
@jeniilou-today is my lazy day!  well..until 2ish when I start laundry   
@MarcNowak happy i feel fat and ugly today day 
today will be a day just like any other 
came last in everything had sports day today 
My day today is slow 
today is really a bad day and to top it off my purple pen just exploded all over my phone  .:KaYLa:.
picking peter up from union station.perhaps making today a heavy drinking day-our girlfriend left today 
just can't seem to wake up today! And it'll be a good 16-hr day! 
didn't get fuel from gamefly today, my day has lost all meaning 
todays the day 
So ill yesterday - dunno how I got thru work, it was awful, worst day ever! Not as bad today - as long as I don't move  
really dissapointed in people.  today is not looking like such a good day anymore.
oh shit i forgotten yesterday was national doudhnut day but not my country 
oh shit i forgotten yesterday was national doughnut day but not my country 
I am so glade today was last day I had to see his face that mocks me with his rejection for my affection -  http://tumblr.com/xnw1ykb4i
is bummed that it's overcast today! i was planning to lay out in the sun all day and enjoy my day off! 
today is reagular day  but o well i hope i have fun today.
Is it raining everywhere today? Hasn't stopped allll day here 
We are supposed to prepare for a long day tomorrow so we'll take it easy today. 
should go to sleep now and study for history and chinese tomorrow  had such an unproductive day today.
#sushifriday I've had sushi every day this week. I think today will break the streak. 
A bad day today , my dog died   I'm soooo sad ..
Not a good day today 
Ugh today was supposed to be amazing,  how come its the worst  day of my summer now? 
not my day today i guess. i just hope today gets a little better  
Is absolutely heartbroken today is the last christina day 
today is just not my day 
@Scotscowgirl I'm not surprised after a day like today - and you seemed so excited earlier (much earlier!) I'm so sorry it was a letdown 
shop is closed for the day. no one won the silver today  maybe tomorrow
rainy day today.  
overslept today, then had a rough day! i swear someones out to get me 
@brittaknee I think you got it from me... I had one all day today 
not having a good day today feeling depressed and un motivated all alone all day today 
.....rough day today 
Is today like dont to ruben day or what? 
today was my last day of elementary school! 
thanks to the rocks hitting my window this morning. i cant get back to sleep and i have a really loooooooooong day today.  (leea's party)
I totally didn't know today was free donut day 
Wow, I'm feeling unwell today, I think I might have to just lie in bed all day, it hurts to sit in my chair  my tummy hurtsss
morning twitterers...its such a gloomy and grey day today 
another dull day today  i want the sun back!
@kimfalloon very bad day today! And  now am feeling real homesick! 
im feeling so ill today this is 3rd day of feeling ill 
Ugh dance proformance...today  I just want to buy sims 3 and play all day
Another day with parents today...with rain! 
Not a nice day today  studying maths all day!
What a hiddeous day for golf. And there was me thinking I could shoot a course record today  #badweathersucks
arrrggghhh today is going to be a log day 
i feel so shit today, i ate like a pig even though its not my free day..  two days in a row, eating rubbish!  boooo...
aww thaught it would be a good day today  xx
Long day today ..... 
I'm quite glad it's raining today... derby day and F1 yey! Not going to polo in the park though 
Last class today   then day-boozing at harpoonfest!!!
good morning i just wake up and today is an awsom day..but i have to study 
Today is d-day...today is also my b-day!! But I got softball  o well.
I thought today was for sure the day i was going to sleep in!  
@algucci sounds like today was an extremely busy day for everyone everywhere! 
today is a a day i wish i could just stay in bed... but there is too much to be done 
packing today and tomorrow.  hopefully i'll have breaks throughout the day.
@KarrisFoxy I can't. I have class all day today. And my lecturer is annoying. 
am having a bad day today, feel down and just want to go back to bed and sleep 
Wow, pretty sunny day! But I've to study  At least, I didn't have class today!!! \o/
lots to do today on my day off...i just don't want to get out of the bed 
today is not a good day to feel ugly. oh and i'm still super hungry. nothing to eat in the house 
yay. today i get 2 spend the day with the athletic director 
birthday today! And yet I work all day 
i can already tell that today is going to be a bad day   i can feel an argument coming.. ~_~
I get to work during the day today. Too bad I can't think of any parties going on tonight... my life is boring 
cloudy day today, guess i can' lay out 
and i have to spend the day with her? i already know today is going to be bad. her voice is so condescending. 
how sucky is today? i've bin tired all day thats what i get from waking up two n a half hours earlier than usual 
lots of kites out today, unfortunaly only a quick hour session for me... still not the best with this cold 
I definitly don't feel well today at alll.... I just want to crawl back into bed and sleep for the rest of the day 
today was last day for strawberries  but found great blueberries....what to do with them?
today is not a very nice day for me 
busy day today! stupid weather 
hasn't done any guitar practice today  Just ate all day  
wow, today is just not my day. I just spilled orange soda on my favorite hoodie 
It was a very beautiful day out today, but I had to work straight through it 
really boring day today it's been raining like forever!!! not impressed at all at  all 
today is the worst day ever. i lost everything on my computer, including pictures and my music 
@VanessaKellyAut I am so sorry to hear about your day. I think you're a great author, don't let today get you down 
@TheSugarDames I really appreciate it. It was not a good day today. 
today is the longest day everr. no tips and i really need gas money. 
My flick was worse today  didn't throw enough the other day to get it down.
someone tell me the first day of detox is the hardest... because today was beyond hard 
you know, it's 5.17 am and today I have to study hard for an exam.I'll be dead all day.  pfff !
nooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!! my earphones are dead!!!! How will I hear music now?? today is no my day and my night!!! 
Wow, today was a long day.  Not to excited about tomorrow
Missed my bf today  hope he had a good day
Long day today and i still have the night to go 
. i want today to end already ! . it has not been a good day  . [ineedyou] bahh
was a little superstitious today. also. is a very boring day. 2 days without seeing anybody outside my family! 
I wonder what im going to do today! maybe just a lazy day relaxing but I forgot that school is tomorrow 
family day today, no time for internet  
last day of the weekend   f1 , 2020 , tennis and golf later today.
I have to make the most out of my summer.  Last day today, first day tomorrow.
rainy day today not godd 
raining all day yesterday and again today 
@RozD me too - dull day today 
learning but i dont mind. probably today i like 'cause today's boring day... 
became movers today...but didn't earn a cent  what a tiring day!
@hiediearwood thats what i thought.   What is our @RyanStar song of the day today?
medical center opens @ 1 today. can't survive another day without drugs 
After an amazing day at the zoo, a great lunch, a hilarious movie and going out with friends yesterday, it's back to work today.  #fb
another beautiful day...but im realy crampy today 
It is a beautiful day, but I am feeling so sleepy today, I miss my morning coffee 
i have a feeling that today is going to be a crappy day 
ugh, todays going to be a bad day, I feel it 
is having a pretty crappy day today!  &lt;3
has to wash this hair today *smh* there goes my day  lol
@danideuce todays the last day 
Confrence all day today. No time for fun 
Such a nice day out today, it's a shame we are stuck in a car all day instead of relaxing on a beach 
Man it's a beautiful sunny day today. I am going to have to get out in it. It was 100 degrees yesterday and I was in all day  G'day tweeps
how did i manage to get burnt today  soo tired! good day thouuugh..!
missed church today...  in need of some prayer &amp; encouragement... going back to sleep.. today isnt the greatest day..
Man today is a rough day....and its only 1030am... 
@ktlovesjonas18 no  he's leaving. today was his last day. tear tear.
I just remembered that today is going to be a tiring day 
@HonnyDipp oh no today is not a good day. Aw doll 
@meganlynshafer no today is just a shitty day and no sun = 
today is turning into a very rough day 
I had an annoying day today. and it was boring  and i'm slighty pissed right now :{ grrrr.....
today's not the best day    ugh,my stupid eye!!
I missed church today      I wounder what the topic for the day was?
such a gloomy day today. 
rainy day today.. 
Updates put on hold, guys. I was in the hospital all day today 
today is such a bad day 
Having a miserable day today. Nothing works as it should 
@itsjoeeey me+ tequila is bad news haha. i was sooo sick all day today  it was miserable.
I am TIRED I don't want to teach class or anything else today!  I just want to sleep the day away so bad, but I can't! 
@knowlt22 its a beautiful day today...but I worked all day  Are you free this week to hang out?
It's today , the big day ... 
@valeriefutch today was the last day 
Why does even a single extra day off over the weekend make going back to work today so much more unbearable 
Fiance doing dress fitting today... I can't wait to see it on the day, not alowed to see it before hand - 
is it the hottest day in chennai today?? and i dont even have a fridge 
oh and i had my last first day today. 
I have to study soooo much today..  got 2 exams tommorrow and another 2 the day after. Burppp
possibly today instead of wednesday of her not behaving doing as she is told ugh !! losy day for me 
@squarespace Could today finally be the day  !! #SQUARESPACE
boring day of class today 
i have serious hay fever today - yesterday was bad and so was last night but 2day is worse.. 
what a dull day in glasgow today  what should a do to pass the time?
today I'm really sad because I'd just broke up with my boyfriend....what a worst day....   
everyone is having a bad day today... including me 
My father took my phone!!!! how does he expect me to survive!!! oh and i start summer school today! ...todays not such a great day 
today was a really rough day...  
It's really not my day today, my laptop just had a blue screen and restarted, and now I cant login to google 
OH apparently i got the day off today, woop! only two days left, and that's a bit sad 
Last day of vaca back to albs at some point today 
i've had such a crappy day today 
busy day today... 
so tired today. Why do I have a feeling that this day is going to be unproductive? 
@PushPlayDEREK I'm having a bad hair day today too!  haha
enjoying the day off, but still have to go in later today for STARS training 
Should I go to work today? I need money but it's such a beautiful day! I could scrapbook outside. 
Seniors last day today   I'm really gonna miss them..
@amberalbin last day of french ever today  
no a good day today.      
why did it have to be a half day from school today? 
I think if today was a very slow day, it's going to be one heck of a loooooong week 
i thought u were there ...  today , but it doesnt  .       tomorrow is the last day for me and you  .       i hope it is not !!!
its my last day on disability today 
so stressed out!!! ughhh! I thought today would be a good day, but it's NOT! I jinxed myself 
@Lizzzieeee i did too  why did they have to arrange it for today? they could've arranged it for any day after today. but noo xD
People are dying, I have to take the kid home, today does not seem to be a very good day 
Off day  no game today
having a very rough day today. don't know how much longer i can take it 
today doesn't seem to be my lucky day, either 
longgg day today. not liking the thunder 
Horrible day! I'm very stressed, incredible as it annoyed me today. All your fault 
I am not having a good day, today 
Hey twittz...had a horrible day today...i almost passed out and the doc said i had low blood pressure and they stuck me with an iv 
Man today was such a long day... :\. No fun! 
staying in bed all day today. can't afford to, but can't shake my flu 
@graywolf769 I'm having the same sort of day today 
I feel so fecking ill but i cant sleep cos i slept the day away today, i literally woke up at 8.30pm 
off to work. not feeling it. not at all.  had the worst day yesterday and not looking forward to get yelled at again today.
omg early day today. i came back from the gym in the rain today 
it's such a nice sunny day today.  Pity I have to study 
had a bad day today,i lost the key 2 my car,after i found them the carv did  not start.   so much 4 luck 
@zeeeeee_90 it was the worst day of my life when you told me (today). 
its rainy day today and its making me feel sleepy... 
Not feeling 100% today. Its going to be a bad day I fear. 
went shopping today but its still not a good day. 
I wanna stay in bed all day today! ... But i won't 
I had a dream that convinced me that i had the day off today.....then my alarm went off...... i have sad face now 
I will have a long day today  but at least it's sunny!!
I fucking hate you all, at least that's what they'll say. I don't want today at all. Or tomorrow. Or the next day. I'll cry 
Another high pollen count day today 
back to work today    enjoyed my 3 day weekend could get use to that 
good morning internet. Such a lovely day today and I've got to clean 
Gorgeous summer's day today... Sadly in meetings until ~ 1400  - http://bkite.com/08ytP
Its a lovely day today,  just don't want to work. 
Feels like a wednesday today. Why do I always feel like I'm living one day ahead of the scheduled time 
today is the second exam day... compo, i think i did bad 
...long day today at a meeting It feels like forever 
today is my super bad luck day 
well time to go  to happyland,  today earlier due to meetings making a long day 
Hoping for a better day today. Yesterday was fine until I passed out at my desk, fell off chair, and carpet burned my forehead. 
Apff... I have to go to school for 4 hours and today is very screwed day... 
is up and still in pain!  and will use twitter all day today!
I feel worse today than I did yesterday.  Why does my school have to be stupid and make this a full day? I hate whoever thought of that.
Today is the last day of my parents visit, they are leaving tmrw morning 
off to sleep. today wasn't all a great day. but i hope it can all be forgotten.  good night,&amp; sweet dreams.
Going to an all day meeting today.     would rather be sewing or weeding my flower beds.
muggy day here...no biking today... 
 today is not a good day.
woke up with a headache..i have a feeling today isn't going to be a good day. 
@JustBella thank for the hugs, keep them coming bad day has continued into today as well 
Ugh...It took me over an hour to get to work today.  What a good start to my day. 
not such a fun day today - colleagues and customers keeling over  must be the heat
earth science regents from 12-3 tomorrow :/  no tests today (:  studying all day though 
i think today.. is a shitti day  gfs.. peinlich 
today is the salon's last day...  there are no words
I don't feel like going to class but this is going to be my first day.  today is going to be 23 degree.
well its not a good day for me today is my cousin funeral 
today has been an awful day and it looks like its going to continue to be that way 
Oh yeah...today's my last day in the city. 
@ashleyymiller  owhhh babeee, i hope you get well soon. its so nice outsideee today n i bin in allllllll day! :O xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
today was tha painfulllest day of my life 
today is a bad day ...  
the news is in: today is my last day to work with TheRon. 
It's rain all day today. 
it's a rainy day today!! 
@studentmidwifey I have been gradually getting worse since they made the final decision, I have been back to sleeping all day today 
bad day today 
today has been avery boaring day! 
@brownsugar1908 girl nothing today has not been my best day  how u been hun??
had a day of meetings today and didn't manage to plurk  http://plurk.com/p/11gcc9
Totally dredding today - Today is injections day 
my legs hurt  today has been a good day, now i'm excited for summer 
today i remembered the day i went with @alexswift18 to the drake bell's concert!! but i cried, because i couldn't go to the meeting! 
I've been totally stressed out all day today - with no apparent reason!  That's not a good sign... and I won't be able to sleep neither 
did not have a good day today!! 
Not a very exciting day today 
Off to school   I think today might be a very awkward day. Toodles twitter
today has looked like it's wanted to storm all day, but so far hasn't 
today was a blue day. 
@xohhitsmaggiex i'm getting mine done at schlegels &amp; you went to lake tobias today!?  my day off!
Such a tiring day! I couldn't get wifi at jury duty today 
Saying today was the worst day of my life would be an understatement. 
ah i have the day off from regents tommorow, totallly failed my math one today 
@tafygurl  no she hasnt and today is 9 weeks. So I have been watching her all day and tomorrow we wont be home  shes been pacing all day
After all this macy drama  today was a pretty good day!
i hate public places as of today. old men, followers, scabbers, and scary teachers. worst day 
dude. havent tweeted in hours  i just got time to right now. uggh today has been such a long day.
crying today made me more sad I hate being sad  2morrow is another day I know the day will be great keep me in prayer every1
today was the first day in over a week that I didn't wear my lucky jeans. 
really good day today. but miss everyone and the studio 
Hasn't been on twitter in aaaaages  but it working a long day today ... not fun
@CemeteryDriver  have fun today, it's your last day heeeeeeere. missyoooou
today its another day and i will be ready for what's next being lonely its painful 
What a crap day today was  . . .
Looks like a miserable day today 
@libbyoliver was it windy your way last night then for your door to be rattling? All good yesterday. big meeting all day today 
don't think i tweeted at all yesterday; i have a day off today but i woke up too early 
@helbro On the same note: I was sure 3.0 was to be released on the 16th so I waited for it yesterday till i did a search on release day. 
it's looks to be a sunny day today....to bad I have to work! 
gosh today was such a surprising day and not in a good way at all 
had a brill day yesterday visiting all the magazines but feels very tired today 
last day of mikmaq today 
Trying 2 make myself get out of bed not looking forward 2 it being 103 today the a/c isn't working @ my house  its going 2 be a long day
I am not having a good day today  I need some cheering
is going to have a boring day today 
Why all all days does it have to rain  Any day except today would have been fine!
My teacher assistant called in today....this is going to be a long and crazzy day 
up and ready to go for the day! got 2 exams today then off to work! ugh what a busy day  ... 38 more days&lt;3
shool ugh  had a bad day yesterday and praying that today is so much better!
Wonderfully awesome day outside.. little foggy.. but have to work inside today 
feels like it's going to be a looong day today! 
hates that i have to work today! i want to be laying out in the sun all day 
today is a shite day - no sales 
i forgot my phone at home today... WHAT a sad day..  .. 200th update.. wow
I have the an appt with the orthodontist today. forgot brkfast. which mean, I will not be eating all day. WAAAHHHH!! 
i think today is going to be a bad day....took an anatomy test and got a 80....so bad 
I wonder how many times I will say &quot;state farm insurance this is shelby&quot; today? (sigh) working all day today 
man my body hurts but day 3 of training begins today soooo i just have to push through it 
Miserable day today 
so tired, last day of school today, i hope i dont cry 
such a busy day today&amp; i feel terrrible 
Celebratin' with my pops today because he will not be here on fathers day 
Oh what a nice, summery day. Naturally, in a few days temperature drops of about 8 degrees compared to today are predicted... 
@drsexypants i've got a full day today, not sure if it's going to work out 
My 5 day vacation ends today.  #squarespace
had a bad day today not going to flordia anymore  oh well it could be worse
Another day. What to do today? So much to do and not enough time or energy. 
@ocremix missed the first one  looking forward to second  perhaps today is my lucky day 
last nice day today - 5 or 6 straight  days of rain to follow 
@303cycling i'd love to but i'm in denver today  - how about another day?
today was the last day of stats lecture, final tomorrow, then ochem starts up next week.... i am going to miss statistics 
@DonnieWahlberg I send many twugs your way... I am in need of some hugs or twugs today... been a very bad day 
Wow today sucks  I haven't even felt good all day.
I finished draft # 2 of short script yesterday. Today I wrote a few pages of another short. It's been raining all day 
@jusgravs take that were awesome yesterday day off today but had a funeral to go to  back in work tomorrow
last day of tafe today.....yeow but dont know where to now from here 
today is just not a good day  ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. i need help.
My poOOr bBaby sic today  been sleeep mos the day
went to bed at 4 am got up at 1:45    no church today.  headache. pretty crappy day.
@dreebellon haha atleast your closer  looks like a good day today. It's sunny(:
Is not having the best day today 
Just realized that I worked all day today to buy the groceries tonight.  
Missed my concert by a whole day. I hate my life today. 
what a great day outside, pity that i am stuck in the office today 
@duhdonna i love my lovely... and trust me i know how you feel, today wasnt a good day for me either 
Is not having a good day today. 
had a long day today and isn't done 
@bobtheostrich   heeellloo!  Of course I had sun screen on, just not enough I dont think!  How was ur day?  U seem a little down today! 
bleh totally wanted to go to the park today but it rained all day 
I've scheduled today is going to be MakGaBut day... It ruined in pieces... 
not having a good day today... in a very crappy mood! 
sorry that nobody was entertained by my tweeeets today.  I hada sleeeeep. Ahh yess what a gOod resting day it was.
today was such a cuddle day, i miss steven soo much 
One day to go! wish i was finishing with the majority today 
byebye thursday. gosh..what a bad &amp; boring intern day i had today 
Last day of freshman year today 
@sushmeet hey sorry yaar today has been a hectic day 
Hey guys... It's bad day to me today 
feeling so goddamn sick- don't know how long i'll last today. I just want to go home, curl up into a ball and hide in bed all day long. 
No voice today  it'll be a quiet day LOL!
gotta long day today 
sucha boring rainy day....days like today i wish I could get the kane show in the office....but can't. 
Hopefully a half day today. Yaaaay. I miss mike 
i wanna do something fun today. its raining and its my day off 
I have training all day today...won't be able to tweet today.. 
Working all day today 
I have a bad day today 
rainy day today  n i have regents tommorrow.... ugh
has her last official day of work today!  Too bad there is no way I can get my school stuff cleaned up and organized by the end of today. 
did not really appreciate the 2:30 a.m. wake-up call...today is going to be a v. long day 
plz fiesta must open today is my first day of holiday it mean i am unlucky D:  no!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just realized today is my last day with the kiddies 
bad, bad day today, just want it to be over 
today is the last day I'll see the hot teacher ever 
sad day   why is today so gloomy?
day 4 not to bad today and still got 20 fags in the house 
Be kind, rewind today as I need to start my day over!  
Morning... My freaking head hurts  i can't believe today is the day. Congrats.
Todays a boring day... 
My plans for today got screwed up, and it's raining so that makes my day double sucky! 
last day of school today 
today really isn't a good day. 
it was the last day on highschool today  snufs
aw, today is my last day, 
Last  day of college today and I already miss people 
working all day today...not feeling well  just want it to be tomorrow already
had a lovely day at the picture today...but back home now and back to thinkin  still had a nice day though :-D
@hellotrishy nawws not during the summer  i asked LOL , and i believe today is the last day for hsm3 too, idk what they are adding next
halo... i am damn boring now.. i m in my school... today will be the report card day.. scare...=( 
 today aint my day. I just got really bad news
had a bad day today 
working out then putting the pounds back on and eating my icecream.. today was a horrible day! 
wow today was a really shitty day god tomorow can only get better i hope i dont think i can do another day like today 
 today was supposed to be a nice day...
Last day of my secondary placement today  x
I hope I get to sleep in tomorrow. I'm working in my day off today  stupid product launches.
@AZLK go to sleep, u have a long day today  pleasseeee
Goodmorning last day of the test week !! Only math today ! After that beach sports 
morning all .. please note to today's date as the day that formula one's history and appeal changed.. 
6 cities, 4 countries, 2 weeks, 1 holiday, and today is the last full day.  wonder what the weather will be like when i get back.
it is very sad day todays! i cant belive this is happening to me!  its just so sad to see this through,... =(
last day today  eeeep
just about to leave for school  all my boring lessons are today so friday isnt my favourite day of the week
Havnt talked to my baby all day today 
Speaking of staying motivated - its a design day off today to deal with money matters. Euurrgh 
Actually missed a tram today! And that on the very last day 
I've being coughing all day today  
@iamveggie Yes, she is.  last day today.
Playing it by ear today....will let you know how the day turns out.  Last full day in paris 
is on a hay fever day today 
last day on the one show today  a little bit sad.
@babymakes7 Awwww...    I hope you and the fam have a better day today.
last day in 8th class today.. sad  no i'm just relaxing with my music ..
The last day of winshape has come  but today the kids get to show off everything they have been doing!
Last day at the beach and I'm too tired to go for a ride today. 
...went to bed at 1:00, got up at 6, and will be working all day today.  
morning twittters ! no photoshoot today instead working that 9-5  . can't wait til the day comes that im getting paid to do something i &lt;3
Just woke up  sad day today
it is a sad day today  http://bit.ly/1fS6E
I ate only organic, whole foods the entire day today...which is really quite an accomplishment. But still feeling massively overloaded. 
Isn't having the best day today 
Last day of school today. 
last day of pinewood today  going to miss that place
i HATE waking up earlier than i have to and not being able to go back to sleep    today is goin to be an extra long day
Last day off today 
@stevestockin sorry to hear your day sucked yesterday  i hope today is better!
I just realized that today is the last day the song &quot;Teenagers&quot; will apply to me. 
What a lovely day today! But i'd prefer not to be studying all the time... 
it's a long day today in sch 
i swear today has been the shittest day of my life.  cakey get better soon! X
Today !z my classes last day w!t me, meet my new class today and I have a mRi to go to...b!zzy day  I wish I could see heR
today is not a good day to be mowing the lawn 
What a day I'm gonna have today and I'm sooo tired 
so bored n still sore...today is da laz day of volleyball camp  i need to buy a vball
having SUCH  a bad hair day today, it's quite depressing... 
Physics class is going by so slow today..  I just want to lounge around the house all day..
@giraffeloves it didn't post  don't that suck! I have to find one today on my day off
I had a terrible day today. I was caught by police for carrying things on the temporary licensed car. They charged me 10000 kyat. 
today was the last day of my period of training  omg i'm so sad
@eman1110 I wish I could fall asleep that quickly...  How's your day going? It's PISSING rain here today!
@x__rachh92 youtube was failing for me all day today  do you think we'll ever see sunshine woman again ? i think i'll miss her 
i am so sleepy today. insomnia at night. hypersomnia during the day. I am mixed up 
Last day off today, back to work on monday... 
I am hoping that today will be a better day than yesterday 
say happy father's day  but today I can not........  
man today's a sad day...... 
today was my vikos last day!!!!  ima miss her!
morning tweeeps! today's the day everything will be over 
it's sucha cold day today 
@xohkansascity mostly I just had a really bad day. One of my good friends still isn't talking to me and worked sucked today too. 
@MrBloomingdale 15 to go . . . slow day for orders today 
@danijms sure sure i guess... but my idea is more fun!  got laid me off again today... 2 morrow is my last day 
Still looking for a new job - my foot was really sore today  But my baby made my day by calling me just to say I love you!
today is the last day for the internet  I might go ahead and purchase my own router during break
last day at @meebo today  will very much miss everyone there!!  can't wait to come back and visit you all
@ClarineV today is our last day 
@onlylies today was the performance and our last day! 
@makatron bad day today...important oral exam in a couple of hours! 
today is my last day of summer 
#squarespace Is today my luck day? 
@chloelouisee lol awesome!! yeah it is freezing in perth its been raining all day yesterday and now today 
-soo today wuznt a qood day at all. deaddTiredd;coldd &amp; pissedOff  &amp; now immmm sleepinqq . &lt;3
Last day was today and i already want to go back 
hey guys!! my dad turned off the internet connection all day! so i didn't get to update today. i wish twitter was on my phone. 
what a busy day today 
I am working today, on my off day 
got TWO papercuts from exam supervision all day today 
Everyone was cryin, today was supposed to be a great day. I only got 2 meet him once  I can't believe my babies won't get 2 meet him 
boring day today.. all my friends have gone out.. 
trapped myself into helping out at the uni open day today when i could be studying and/or sleeping 
Not looking forward to today. and things are starting to get to me  but will try and have a good day 
 having a day in bed not feeling myself at all today 
was so lazy to go out today that i just hibernated in my bedroom...unproductive day 
@captainfrancooo hope you don't move on a day like today... like we did 
today is that day I miss having a tv - no lions, no cricket 
I was thinking to myself &quot;wow what a nice day this is&quot; then a customer tells me me it's suppose to pour later today 
today is going to be a looooooooong long day 
@mandomc I had no clue mine even could  today is a sad sad day lol
I get my hair done today and i'm so happy about it! Also, tomorrow is the last day I'm watching the puppies. 
today was a good day that ended tragic 
So... lost all day today from racing ! 
@CarlaJean126 I have to get ready for daddy's day. Waaaas going to hit the pool today but putting that off! 
today was the day i was supposed to be getting married.  the economy ruined that, thanks economy.
this week is gonna suck balls. today is my only day off 
bad hair day today 
I knew today was gunna be a bad day 
is having an ugly day today 
no practice.  aw. haha. booking all day today.
I hate laundry day. Not because i don't want clean clothes, but  but now I can't go anywhere today until I'm done.  
@mistymonteith doesnt want to go on a date with me. im sad now! today is a sad day for twitter! 
well, i thought i was going to get a tatto today, but i was wrong about that one, so anyway I'm gonna take my day off and veg out.   
tanning all day today; going away party for my brother and cousin today too 
@JustJayde A great loser moment?   Ah, I hate those. But I'm glad today is a better day ::hugging you so tight your dry eyes bulge::
Its been raining alll day today  what an awful day for a wedding.
Its such a gorgeous day today and I work all day  I think tonight will be good though.
 had to cancel a great day I had ahead of me today.....
Its such a nice day outside today, and I'm stuck aqua jogging inside      #squarespace
is it lets not answer lianna's phone calls day today? 
i have a dancing workshop all day today 
@DamaraRochelle today is my only off day 
@ddlovato awe, today just isn't a good day for you is it? 
tough day today   Tomorrows a new day.
my tummy hurts  lazy day today!
It's the longest day of the year today and I'm doing absolutely nothing.  What a waste.
17 yrs ago today my gradfather passed away he has been on my mind all day miss him i was onnly 3 months old when he passed 
How is it I can try to have fun with the boys today but still have such a bad day 
It's world skateboarding day today and it's raining. 
pay day today wooohooooo!! not aloud to spend much of it though. college is so damn expensive.... 
today was a crappy day filled with me feeling sick 
very tired as in super!!!! i dont know if i can still study today or maybe i'll just sleep the whole day! XD..i need energy, i need HIM.. 
beat more bloons in a day. i feel like i have no life. i even got to walk to getgo today. hmph. 
Last day on the coast today 
http://twitpic.com/7zfqh - today is a slow robsten day  so I'm just posting a pic
is having a sad day today after last night bombshell 
Is just of to work in a while and is not happy as it's fathers day today and my daughter is not going to be with me today 
laundry day today... no excuses, sun is shining bright 
I didn't get to watch the Giants game today  I had tickets but couldn't go because we had dinner for father's day today
I'm going to sleep all day today.  please don't call me.
today is a very, very sad day for me 
what a lovely hungover rainy day today is 
today is going to be a lond day...i havent slept yet. 
@mitmac - I know it's the longest day today but it also means that from here on in we are going to start losing light 
lost my dad when i was 15 so today is just stay in bed day and hope it goes by quickly 
Its a slow day on twitter today 
missing my dad today - bit too early for us to get through father's day unscathed 
I hate fathers day now i have to do dad's jobs today 
longest day today... shame its not sunny  might stay in bed...
longest day of the year today, and i'm stuck in revising  100th tweet!
today it's a bad day  
longest day of the year today.  it's all downhill from here 
i hate today  fathers day is always shit.
today is going to be a long long horrible day 
Oh its not a very pretty day today 
Today is the first fathers day w/out my dad here, today is going to he So hard I'm not strong enough to handle this yet 
Todays father's day.  
enjoying fathers' day... too bad I've got to give the kid back today 
going down south all day today.  text meeee!
beach today with val and al but the bff leaves today for architecture camp. won't see her for 2 weeks  sad day
so you've made a decision....you're done, out...i pray one day i can understand, that day is not today 
Officially 4 months pregnant today, but I just look like I ate a big lunch.   And happy father's day to all you dads!
is stressed today &amp; not having a great day 
had a very long but fun day yesterday, but woke up late today! 
I wish it was pay day...I'm having popcorn for lunch today. 
today is my last day to study.....big exam tomorrow 
@bekkahcolyer today is so busy day to me  ur lucky
@flowershoes damn you and your day off!  i was looking forward to stink pretty samples today... but i was let down 
i got so much sun today in the first day on the beach... and it just started raining   at least it held out during the day
such a beautiful day today, too bad I had to work  life is so unfair lol
AND i go back to work today after having 6 days off, worst day ever... 
enjoyed my day off today... but back to work tomorrow 
@MriMakeHitz  I was supposed to go hang with @calysialevert today  but my day has been bananas! I miss her!
Such a 'painful' day it is today 
@matt_animals  today's been the first day for the last two weeks i've not suffered. hayfever is evil.
just woke up with the worst headache everrr! today is not a good day 
I get to hang out with 21 3rd, 4th &amp; 5th Graders today, and its supposed to be the hottest day today  . . .I know everyone is jealous
Oh so sick  and today isnt a good day for it.
Going to work out...then showering...and then going to work.  Why...why do I have to work on a day like today?...ugh. (ooh, 100th update!)
@Amberlq today was a NOtalia day.  But it was a great show!
today is a freakin' stressful day! 
today is supposed to be my major gym day but i'm soo tired 
laundry, cleaning my room, today is my only day off this week 
Yesterday was an awful day  i hope today will be better...
4 day vacation + 1 day off... back to work today 
the day was very difficult today = / myth sad   most know that I overcome this too
I had a nice day of playing paintball today! I tried once again to fix my pm6 but in vain. It just does not want to cycle 
Bad day today 
@saintlellis the sun is gone.  it was such a nice day today1 beeasy
today wouldve been a great day to ski 
Why is today such a weird day? 
@AlexLlanos oh yeah! I saw that today at the mall. They had a big poster. But I'm going to the beach that day 
Finally home...today was a long short day...not happy bout my hours tho i dnt hav a set schedule any more 
@pgizzle312 I'm sorry you didn't have a good day today 
@ElleySPN it's 6th day today...  .. but i think it's good 4 you.. at least you don't have 2 be sorry 4 not being here ;P
back from school, had a full day today   so worn out haha
is dismayed after finding out that today is not yet pay day.. 
oh god. today was the worst day ever. no no, tomorrow will be the worst day ever. i hate my maths teacher...i cried today 
Last day @hove09 today  I want it to last longer
having a healthy day today ooh banana how exciting! 
had a really bad day today    xx
today iz a dull day 
is very tired, long day yesterday. Only today and half day tomorrow to get through then its the weekend! Where I'm working right through 
so much packing to do. last day of @220 conference tomorrow/today.  last @220 event for me.   so sad!
I think I'm going to have a depressed day today...for some reason... 
At thorpe park it appears the entire southeast has chosen today to come  first queue of the day at x no way out. http://twitpic.com/8czhr
another hot steamy day today 
last day of the of the mission trip  going swimming today!
bookkeeping day today - needs must 
It's the day before my interview so lots of preparation today 
Last day of school today  sad moment 
@Punkfaze_X I saw your mum today. + I saw you the other day at the bus stop and I called out to you but you didn't hear. 
today i think im going to beg my mommy to take me to get the best sushi ever! and i bring katiiiee along!!...its her last day    
that's really ironic, even depression i can't have  ..is today the national day for fixing A/C or something.....ufffffffffff
had a boring day in college today 
Peace... today will be one hell of a day... waiting to see who gets fired for next year. Daymn 
what a day..... no time to catch any rays today 
cleaning alllllllllllllllll day today 
has hurt her knee.  and has a bad eye. I guess today isnt my lucky day ?
feeling sick and wishing I could go home today.  But alas, it is payroll day so I may not leave.  
Pulling a 12 hour day today! 
@pia1996 sad that today's the last day 
Has a busy day today, being on the phone all night never pays off 
#dreamhost is f'n slow today.  I am on penguin server.  seems it's down every other day. 
today is scare-of-water-day !! damn my body smells so bad 
@getoutofmyband I feel you. I have a long day today as well. 
I'm goin to pump it up today woo hoo! But my stomach hurts... So that tells me not so good of a day coming up 
It's beautiful today. Would have been the best day to start my tan but I have to work. 
working all day today 
I got sunburn today haha. i was outside the wholeee day SKATINGGG 
Bad day today just bad but loved seeing sancha again 
Going to bed after a very blessed day today night twits! 
Waheyy my cold is getting much better  It looks like it's going to be a good day today!!!! 
@AngelaWB i'm glad your day went better, and i hope today is fantastic.   xo
had a wonderful day today 
woho cool. today ist the day of days. i've created my twitteraccount 
looking forward to today, shows &amp; beach party, busy day haha 
is hoping today will be a good day...I'm thinking it will be 
getting dolled up for school...picture day today 
good morning.    its such  a nice day today.  taking mango to the park
tired. today = good day  hope everyone enjoyed their friday as well
i think my foot is finally back to the point where i can go for a good morning walk today. And it's a nice overcast day... 
taking the kids to the zoo today.. opening day! 
such a nice day today, life esss guuuud 
today was a good day  won 2 firsts and a second place.
gorgeous day today. my son finally gets to play his first game today. and i have a job interview today  it's gonna be a good day
day off today 
I will be walking funny all day today 
beautiful day today... 
today is the day i've been waiting for 
no updates today or the day before maby! 00.19 am   
@Jewles today is just day one, i was mostly curious about anecdotal thoughts.  day one is usual some nausea and what not  
It is an amazing day today!  So grateful for spring time!  Going outside to appreciate the weather! 
So today was a nice day, not nearly as good as yesterday though  my body is still exhausted haha &lt;3 
Still coming down from a FABULOUS day today!! Even if I may have broken my little toe!! 
So HE waited for me today at eso  i saw him and he made my day better...had a smile from ear to ear!!!
im too excited to sleep... today was a good day. 
Man Exhausted!! What a good productive day today... 
Is ready for beach day tomorrow! Technically today. 
Off to church i go now - i hope today is a good day! 
boring day today, except that i made fairy floss and it was nice   still confused about this site ??
Another full day of study ahead of me today. And the sun is shining so it's all good 
Going to change my oil &amp; check my breaks today. Joyus day...assuming I can stay awake long enough 
I think today is a good day for baking some cupcakes  
Washing day today. 2 loads done, 8 to go!!! Really should wash more often, clothes that is 
going to sleep now. hopefully today will be a better day than yesterday was. have a happy sunday twitter 
just came back from supermarcet, met a long mist friend , day starts good today 
is going to have another amazing day today  can't wait xoxo
Looks like today is going to be another wonderful day 
full day of baseball today 
laying in bed all day today again 
Hoping for a nice day today! 
I'm really enjoying the nice day today, please may we have more sun 
Last day at brighton today. Looks like a bluebird 
yes! the littlest houseguest is going home today. its already turning out to be a great day 
seriously hot..hot day today 
What a lovely day outside today 
today's family day! mm bowling 
Its a beautiful rainy day today 
So it snowed all day yesterday. And today i'm wearing flip flops 
had a great day today assembling the fashion show set and painting it. looking good 
it's lovely day to kill a king today.  ? http://blip.fm/~4miiw
today is the day of sms i guess........lets see how many i can send 
I've taken the day off today to sit and be smiley  junk food and bad telly are very much the order of the day.
@the_nikster If it were up to me, you'd have a day off today. 
last day before my whole life changes but a free day today to unwind, i think i'll give the revision a break, just for today 
today is supposed to be the day i become a (step) granny - i'm  soooo happy 
Another rainy day... but i get my new glasses today! 
thought today was a good day to try out the mobile broadband. SItting in the sun at 1001 
Oh, it is a lovely day today 
good morninggg!  hopefully today will be a good day.
today would have been the best day to sleep in .. but that didn't happen because penny &amp; otis are way too annoying in the morning. 
Eventhough it is raining...it is still going to be an awesome day!! ~ I wish I was a duck today 
Goodmorning twitterville!!! What oh what to do today?!  I'm thinkin it's the day I make an official life plan... So many goals!!!!
yesterday was a busy day. today - even worse. at least i love my job 
i have had a pretty good day today.  went to the parko with jeremy smith 
moorning peoples - what a sunny day it is today 
Morning!  Its a beautiful day out there today - really warm!  That should get my seedlings busting through.  
According to my horoscope today is my lucky day!!!.....i have a day off, that must be it! 
it is such a beautifull day today 
today should be &quot;livejournal day&quot;. i haven't updated in weeks. to think i'd really stop procrastinating. hahaha 
getting ready for bed. ha and its only 8:45. I am completely wiped out from today! seriously was the best day in a while though. 
had a great day today....and tomorrow is going to be even better! 
has the best day today    
is going to end the day while still happy.        today was a crazy anus day.
What a beautiful morning today  Looks like a great day for a walk  
got tickets for green day!!!  today is the best day ever... 
today is a good day for tunes  #trance
What a lovely day today 
hope towns happenin today, such a gorgeous day  but hayfevers gonna go crazyyy
going to be working on jewellery most of the day today. The sun is shining so no need to sulk 
Lovely day today  http://twitpic.com/4e9ms
it's tobi's wedding day and the 1 week till our wedding day countdown begins today! 
Ah bout to leave for me gameeeees.  looong day today..
today is the longest day in history. finals mon &amp; tues &amp; im freeee for 10days 
Its a rainy day! I guess I'll be lazy today 
don't t'wall forget that today is free comic book day! www.freecomicbookday.com  
Its a beautiful day today 
@tommcfly heeey, today  is fletcher day! =} be happy! 
today should be a good day 
today was a good day overall. hung out with thisone person  and now im just chilling.
@lilbuddha04 I COULD take 2 days off . But, I will most likely go into the office around 1 tomorrow. I must admit, today was a good day! 
today was a fun day 
Long productive day today, finally in bed about ready to pass out while texting @alannabruce 
going to sleep  great day today!
today was a fun day 
I'm so tired! I just finished getting ready for church hopefully it'll be a good day today - heres hoping! 
good morning again  - hopefully the day will be good as well... i'm going to check the things which have to be done today.
Up and working and then b-day party today!  Yay. 
I have a feeling that today is going to be a good day 
I started lvl'ing up with around 1,300 gold  So today is grinding day. I am broke
today should be a lazy day, i'm not planning much. Hopefully i be going out tonight though 
I am ready for the meeting. I'm determined to have a good day today, despite the weather 
wonderful day, but bad weather. I'm happy today 
working all day today at the studio.... starting a new number today.. hope everything goes as planned. 
beautiful day today..going out to do a paid photo shoot, which is always nice 
Decided this morning that today should be a good day .... so far so good 
slept till almost one then tanned outside!! today is a lazy day 
back from ben's, I had a great day today 
Hopefully we'll have some pictures in the next day or two. @StephStricklen was right, fantastic weather over there today! 
recovery day. hahahahaha!  so much fun last night!! consequences today.
Driving home to vegas; fun day today 
&lt;3 no day but today  
I'm pretty dang sure that i had a very good day today. 
...had a great day today 
@tidak haha but its all worth it!  such a nice day to have off, hoping you've enjoyed the sunshine today??
It's a lovely day today. Isn't it? 
national starwars day today- may the fourth be with you 
i am kind of excited to go to school today. i dont know why. hopefully it will be a good day 
@jeffinator today was my first day 
good morning!  i hope you all have a good day today!! although its a monday... be positive! ;)
@nixgeek I could, but that would require today not to be a duvet day. I imagine that my outfit for the Wendyhouse will be photo worthy 
Presenting today...hope it leads to the ability to move up one day 
what a great day for a massage! book your appointment today  617-262-2220
Last day of college today! 
getting ready for school hopfully today is a good day 
workin a long day today... hopefully i can make some good tips 
today is a good day to take lots of naps 
@lomascar yo i got my blur tickets yesterday  i'm going on the 1st day whatbouts u?
i had a really good day today 
just got back from greenlake.  it was such a nice day today! 
today was a lovely day! I had fun with @sarzp and @harryv401 this evening! 
going to bed cuz i have to get up at like seven thirty or something tomorrow. today was actually not that bad of a day. 
i have a whole day planned for my mom today that i know she will love!  
i love pink, and i don't care. today i shall not tweet as i have to hardcore work with jamie! have a nice day everyoneeeee  xxxxxxloser
it's good to see all my family  was a good day today
Cleaning all day today after he runs off to do his stuff and setting my schedule for the week.  I feel much better now and calmer too!
We are having a day 'at home' today - which is proving to be rather lovely 
.. good morning peoplee  looks like it's going to be a nice day today! better than last week it was raining =(.
Seriously thought it was monday for the first 2 hours of today and was in fact quite relieved when I discovered I had a whole day to go! 
Is feelin super today..not really happy mothers day 
ugh mother's day. whateves. omg diva is going to have her baby any day now. hopefully today. her stomach has dropped and she's waxing up 
hoping her mom has a great day today 
@ckeddy186 I'm doing okay, thanks!  Hopefully today can be a down day.
last night was amazing! emmy stelly and jessy at the park... awesome! today is mothers day! love you mom!! 
just had a late dinner  what a lovely day today has been 
had a lovely day today. i think every day of summer 2009 will be wonderful  lovin life.
@MrMailman did you have a nice day today? How's the weather there... It's still a little chilly here - but a sunny/chilly so it's nice 
today i felt awesome, pizza games and two of my favorite people  you guys always brighten my day
What an amazing day today (well yesterday) was. 
its such a hot day today but i love it  im going into the pool
morning all, another sunny day here  i have the awful role of going through territory targets for year ahead today, oh the fun 
 today was a good day.
OH&amp;S corse today was so hard and went all day :| but i passed 
i got compliments on my outfitt today. thanks!!! it made my day   
Morning all, having an easyish day today and waiting imminent delivery of upgrades 
Eating left over bul go gi  then off to dreamland.  great day today i love my girls.  big day tomorrow.  ....why can't anyone be trusted?
is going for a bikeride later today.....it is a beautiful day....the sun is shining.... 
@NicoletaGavrila say hello to the pretty giraffe  and have a great day today!
Getting breakfast and heading to portland for the day. I think I'm in the office today!  Then it's our 4 year anniversary!!!!! 
@taylormcfly aww lol! why was he been mean to you? ayee we should..today #danny jones day.. tomorrow.. #dougie poynter day 
@mcflyharry have fun at the signing today. come to glasgow soon. im feeling ill. please reply it would make my day 
I plan to enjoy my day off today. 
Mornining tweeples - it's a lovely rainy day here in TO. The birds are very happy - lots of worms to eat today 
Todays the day 
hoping for a better day today  trying to stay positive!!
@luisvarg I wish today was friday... Just think of it as a four day bonus weekend 
today's my last day of college  and of course that the test had to be today... just to ruin it!
today was youknow just a chill day 
its raining once again  today was the best day of may!
Gorgeous day today!!       I love it when it gets warm!  Finally, we had a never ending winter!
today was a good day 
today was a good day. 
had a great day today.. excited for tomorrow as well 
today was a different day  He feel ....
i woke up at 8.30 and hour a go and still am tried just watched some cartoons because  of my nephew made me  got a big day today
today will be an awesome day 
sunny day today!  i'm so happy, tehe.
going to many temples today...good merrit day 
I hope everyone has a fantastic day today!! 
finally find a job , first day today 
What a beautiful day today!  Out to plant flowers.  
today is my lazy day  got nothing to do
I think today may be a WOW day 
best surf day ever. today I wasn't just trying to surf...I was actually surfing {only took 6 years} 
I think today is going to be a good day 
@chantzkacey how was the message today?? I'm sitting in church now super amped for another amazing day 
long day today.......blahhh 
@tomdelonge heyy fucker, today is your day #delongeday  be grateful  #delongeday
today is a new day&lt;3 
@biglaw089 ok thats wussup i been good  just chillin today what u got up for 2day?
today was a good day! 
today was a good day 
http://twitpic.com/5ex7x - this is what i got to do all day today. i love summertime 
@MarksValerie  #flylady He he, just remember that if we get it done today, we can play all day tomorrow! 
A surprisingly productive day with my client today 
had a really good day today. 
Other than that, today was a pretty kick ass day. 
successful &amp; productive day today!! = me feeling good 
@gotCJ and how was your day today? 
after day of death yesterday, feeling surprisingly ok today - must have been all those jelly babies 
@IvyBean104 tell the others that we voted and we want you to use the laptop all day today... Or whenever you want it. 
Not feeling school today. but at least i have a 4 day week and everybody else has a 5. 
the rain is pouring down outside so we're having a slacker day today 
Shouts good evening to all. I didn't have a bad day today.  http://plurk.com/p/ujhhb
Things to do today: stay in school all day, not think about him, and feel better. 
is back at home .... today was a very mind blowing day .. new knowledge acquired 
Catch you all later, busy day today, lots to do 
@haileyyoungxxx really, a full day? montreal has a holiday today 
well, i'm off too work in a sec! nice day at school today 
hello everyone, I wonder how my day will turn out today, less make it easy shall we!! 
thinking of my dad on commencement day @BostonCollege. one year ago today it was my turn 
heading for work. So happy that i have only one more day after today to work for the year 
lip still hurts but it doesnt look too bad...today shall be a better day... 
feels a lot better this morning and hopes that it is a sign that today is going to be a good day! 
@rickhurst It's not your day today 
GORGEOUS day for a bike ride   biking all over chi today...
It's a busy day here in the office! Some of our summer interns are already starting today, which is cool. 
in the office early.  writer's block has gone.  sun is shining. today will be a good day 
@johannasmiles yah! me too  im still in the process of doing it haha pg 10  how was your day today?/ MISSED YOU!
pretty good day today. tomorrow is pay day 
morning everyone  today gona b my day i can feel it 
today, i love life! today is such a great day 
was a little sad for an hour today but other then that.. wonderful day. 
even the weather is happy today's the last day of classes! 
@sanye  It's your day today! Gefeliciteerd, tis verdiend
goodmorning. what a beautiful day today 
@THOIFANCLUB ehm...it's 22 today XD yes,tokio hotel's first time in italy *__* have a nice day you too 
inset day today  going shopping + nandos 
@ashtridity awww have a great day today, Striiid 
@psychodwarf I am really tired today, but will plod through the day 
Running and golf today - what a lovely day! Tomorrows my first day off/lie in for ages.. I'm gonna enjoy it!! 
friday and a three day weekend? i have a feeling today will be a good day 
today's friday  3 day weekend after today.
Moving up day today  What a wonderful day.
half day today. paranoid. 
TGIF. today will be a good day  &lt;3
half day today 
Hasn't been on twitter for a month.. having a lazy day in bed today 
Has the day off today 
getting ready for school. today will be a grrrrreat day.  
Listening to music in gym  since today is a half day!
i had a very nice day today 
Lots to do today!!! but its going to be a great day! the sun is even shining! 
3 day weekenddddd soon!!!!!!! yayyyyyyyyyy!!!! today shall be a good day. 
@rmilana . Why is that I always get it wrong..? Its a wrong day today for me it seems..  #hi5
graduation in...5 days  going to mom's field day today! funn with the kids!
today is the day. 
happy friday kids! busy day today before the long weekend 
Looooong day yesterday getting to hotel for #balticon setup. Now doing some planning for today's chaos 
Going to field day today!  Yay for low-key friday's before a three day weekend. 
I woke up at 7:36... but now I'm up for real.. today's the day.. 
I'm feeling like today is going to be a good day. I hope your day is good, too. 
taking a day off today,no computer,no skripshit. @kamaline time will heal u,Gbu 
gorgeous day today. gym at 11:30 then who knows ? 
yay today's a minimum day!!! 2morrow i'm going to help out with the woodside stuff 
Just found out today is a half a day  n its payday...xtra happy
looking forward to today  111 day's 'till the deeper conference  uber excited
@mileycyrus I hope the most wonderful girl in the world has a great day today 
Yay, such a good day! The house has never been this clean - and the awful neighbours are def moving out today 
starting my day early today   its so nice outside!!
...another day on the most boring location on earth...ugh...bowling alley later today thou! 
 today is such a good day
i had a really good day today! hope tomorrow is the same! 7 days left 
@Ayejayy youre welcomeee  i hope today was a good day for yooouh
welcome to medicine girl's, i will be your server today.,..and every day from now on 
just got home  today was an awesome day!!!
goodd night my fellowwww tweeters!!!! good day today  write me muahhZ rtorres@ke-designz.com
today was a good day. tomorrow will be, too. 
today is my day.. haha. 27 rules!! 
have had a super amazing day today! wow. I've even surprised myself! 
@Blessiehere I'm having a fat day today 
todays a better day 
Oh well, even with these setbacks I still have 2 signups today so far with 7 hrs left for the day 
today was a long yet rewarding day.  @imnotahurricane is on the road to greatness and i'm just happy she wants to take me along with her. 
got to hold and cuddle a 8lbs, 1 day old baby today!!!!!!  
fantasmically fun day today. woot! bed tiemz now. 
had a very productive day today 
off to work. exciting day today 
@happyhero its beautiful! this makes me so so happy. today is going to be a good day 
hangin with my sister.today was a good day 
dont mind going to work today- dress down day is always good!!.. weekend off too!!... 
Such a lovely day, and new laptop comes today! 
Lovely day today.. perfect for getting drunk in later 
@Nonicam very nice day today and I think it is here to stay for the weekend at least 
