Most common words for this cluster:
[('days', 890), ('day', 27), ('hours', 21), ('weeks', 20), ('week', 19), ('weekend', 19), ('summer', 14), ('nights', 10), ('lol', 10), ('months', 9), ('p', 7), ('haha', 7)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'days', 0.9992844462394714), (u'weeks', 0.8422484397888184), (u'months', 0.774112343788147), (u'hours', 0.7601614594459534), (u'years', 0.6768263578414917), (u'day', 0.6396586894989014), (u'week', 0.6051319241523743), (u'month', 0.5757656693458557), (u'minutes', 0.5472697019577026), (u'fortnight', 0.5075457096099854)]





..... Oh and my agents had me booked out the wrong days.  X1000000
3 days to do 6 days work... 
@moreshannon he isn't here!  he is down south for 2 days working!
5 hours sleep in 4 days and still working on my birthday 
is off to work. Three more days 
Another day!!! same as the days gone!!!! same as the days to come!!! 
@thebrokenplate i work 5 days a week 
xxxmystik  aint update in like 2 days 
@woverton I've had it for a couple days  hope it's only about 24 hours!
is having one of those days 
@plaintruthiness My first final is in 13 days 
is counting down the days until his bandage can come off.... 5 days left 
is having one of those... days 
I'm not bitter, but I've got better days 
@rarrkun it's getting harder and harder to take, i've been so restless the past few days 
Cmot isn't well  I don't think he has many more days left 
I have been sick for 8 days 
I'm wondering why I always have to stay in on the days when it's unbelievably sunny. 
the days barely started and i'm sad already... *sigh* 
i will be super sad in 6 days. 
@SwannieAnne It's been raining here for two days. 
Why does it have to rain and be cold on my days off 
@catrific I'm having 1 of those days 2 &amp; I hate it 
Some days I would rather be anywhere but here 
is missing the days! 
woburn for a few days  33 days til graduation 
8days to go. 
getting ready.      20 days left to spend with him 
Antibiotics for 10 days means no beer for 10 days and subsequently bedtime at 10:30 for 10 days 
tummy still hurts from 2 days ago 
I hateee rainy days 
back to work after 3 days off 
3 more days to go 
I have far too much work these days.  It's also the spring, it's supposed to be sunny 
3 days and I can't even get excited anymore... I'm sooo sad 
having one of those days  going to work until 8am. 5 days left with my little brothers 
finally 2 lecture notes are done. it took me more than 2 days to complete them. this is pretty bad 
If I was to be gone for 3 days would you nudge me 
I am wondering why it is so hard for me to sleep these days. I am so exhausted, yet sleep still eludes me.  
Yay for days off!! To bad there's laundry to do 
hate days like these...laundry days are the worst. 
@kelsa not counting down, counting up how many days I have gone unsexed 
I'm having one of those days!!! 
@jrmynvro I miss you poopie. It's been 2 days with out you. 
@Laurendorcus...I miss you INSANELY! I graduminate in seriously 20 days 
German in 2 days! 
20 days till I leave 
is wondering how it can be very cloudy when it has been lovely the past few days 
Still have 6 days of being shaped 
@Bebalicious69 I know fucking awholes now in days it went from a  to 
need more than just 2 days in weekend,, 
Going back to work after a ten days leave and i am late and bored already before i got there 
Going to work again and as always it is going to be a nice day and I will be inside  But I graduate in 6 days!!!
need more than just 2 days in a weekend,, 
I hate rainy days 
I hate rainy days. 
it's already 12....half the days over already 
@therealamina i've been trying to get him to reply to me for days! he doesn't respond 
@Rhonahhh me too    when are ur days off?
@PeterBlackQUT it is, but it's hard to expect more these days 
@delanijay haha lol. we havent tlaked in forever! i miss our teamjonas chat days  ugh the new days suck. well not so much
Two days off and it's only going to rain 
reeeallly cold  12 days till bmth according to arielle(:
2 weeks and 3 days, uuuuh 
@Beverleyknight tweetdeck has been playing me up for a few days now 
is singing!!! I should of showed you...better nights better times better days!!! I'm so tired 
@incaseyoucare LOL i'm still jealous over here with my measly two days 
@madnmatt it's been raining for two days straight. 
Why won't it stop raining? I hate rainy days 
I hate rainy days 
@mduncan_9 Unfortunately it is looking like 2-3 more days of storms. 
@lkenner i miss those days 
I woke up feeling lonely.  ten days!!! Ugh.
@bigtgates talk to me in about 3 days! and I'm sorry you're sick 
I'm missing you sooo much...where are you?  It's been four days &lt;/3
is missing you sooooo much...where are you?  It's been 4 days &lt;/3
Having rough days lately. No more boyfriend 
2 days til I go home-yay, still lots of packing to do tho 
30 days uptime ruined 
@Andrewgoldstein Wow you traveled far in such a few days 
Not happy days 
walked 24 km in the last 2 days for doee 
@theworldfamous I know  hell its been raining there for days now! It finally stopped here
blue days and it's eating me up 
i am sooooooooooo bored no much to do these days...... 
its been 3 days... 
So unbelievably tired of not sunny days 
last days 
Why is it that the days I bring an umbrella it never rains, and when I forget one I get soaked?!  
Is having one of those days 
uggh still sick. I've been sick for days 
tired  9 days to go!!!!!!
I hate days like this! 
4 days till mid-terms. YIPEE!!! not. 
there is the olney days parade going on but i do not feel like going to it alone 
i miss u logan were r u these days... come and save me.......... 
@KiranKhanzada i hate those days too 
It's just one of those days... 
Its six days now.. 
@winchester79 few days. 
not feeling too secure these days 
Why am I so tired these days 
started my workweek back... im already ready for days off 
@SinSkylar weekdays are difficult days 
days like this i feel like chicken little! 
 I'm too tired for 21 more days of this; I miss you&lt;3
it's one of those days where nothing looks good. I hate those days 
This might be a starting of a bad day, And bad days lead to bad weeks! 
really want to go home now  13 hour days are not fun
Five days! Why??? 
days they turn into months. summer's almost over  http://plurk.com/p/ujjtd
@aughban hey, snap! i have two modules to revise in 8 days, fuck 
checking rooms.. like i have been for the past 3 days 
only two days left in new yiddy 
@revHardware I'm only here for 4 days  boo
Its going to be one of those days 
still got headache after 4 days... 
aww i missed the old days!!! 
No cuddles, 3 months 9 days and counting 
@mitnollam me either and I have to do it 5 out of 7 days 
i hate buying salad every few days...i must be eating too much lol...well no that bag lst 3 days...it's been 3 days 
says 5 days break is too short  http://plurk.com/p/vhi5r
not looking foward to work the next 2 days 
@TiaraLaNiece I miss those days 
4 more days til I get to see my babybabyyy! 4 days too many though 
In next 10 days, if i work 16 hours a day, I may just finish 80% of what i need to finish - worst is i committed in spite of knowing this 
Ever had one of those nights that are so horrible, that it will linger the next morning? well this is one of those days!  
12 long and stressful days 
@selenagomez only 3 more days?! 
@cbriots I've been putting out doing that for about two days now 
can't the days go by faster? 
i hate rainy days! 
@craigularb i've been wanting to play portal for days! i don't have it though. 
won't have internet for the next few days 
i mssted two days  devooooo and im not going to elev8 any more  so sad
me too  I will see you soon enough friend...2 more days!!
missing @MeLDiBiAsE...6 days can't pass quick enough 
@iamivanxxx That sucks to hear. I hate days like that 
365days rperss.... where are youuuuuuu 
This already feels like one of those days where I just won't be able to win. 
wishing my days off were the same days that people wanted to party. 
@thecoffeewhore I'm sowwy.   It sucks, I know, I've been there. Yay for half days though!
Ugh 2 days whatever to somewhere 
Morning, all!  And, since I only have a few more days to move, I won't be able to stay long... 
sickkk, it's been two days since summer started and it suck already! 
@jonkragel I have been sick for like 5 days now...  
at least 3 more days 
@amandadiva I've had to do laundry for the last two days 
Just one of those days.... I pray it will get better.. 
This day will pass slowly.  All of these days will.  RAWR!!!!  ... 
21 days away from being evicted 
@superstarnikki its just one of those days.... 
He's off for camp for four days 
yup four more days to they get back and six more to i go home  dang the last weeks is like draging on   
@MyCatIsOnFire i know  but you were absent for the last few days. FACK!
Me too  actually I just seen her like 2 days ago
6 days are so loooooooooooong 
working with him 4 days next week  not that I know I work 4 days with him or anything...
spent more than 1k over the past three days. 
Going to camp in a few days! 
winter is coming in 2 days  
@kirstieh just don't get out much these days 
Three days. For three weeks 
Its days like these when I hate being ginger. I have sunburn! 
@LaToyaWells hey I read what happened I'm sorry I love u please call me I haven't talked to u in days 
has been sick for the past 3 days 
I'm seriously having one of those days where I don't know what to do when to do it or what 
Why do I have a months washing and ironing when we have only been away a few days 
Five days!!! And still waiting ....    *sigh*
It's 9:41 and I am already bored. I don't want to go back to work after having 6 days off 
@mizzmadpie we have five days left 
Translating... I'll be busy for a few days -- and if I'm not it'll mean I'm being delinquent 
all i do is work these days 
I wish i still had my convertible for days like these. 
another one of those days 
@aracelerysticks hahaha i havent showered in days. cause i cant stand up 
summer - 19 days, camp - 2ish months  i want camp like to be today.
good days never stay good. 
seven days.. seven days!!! and i wil have seventeen!! and i wil be more old 
Launching the final 6 days of my 20s. 
I hate working on beautiful days. 
will be on my own for the next 10 days 
@thecurvature 100 days still seems too long to me  maybe at 50 I'll be happier
@tommcfly  I'm sad just to think that in a few days you'll be so far away to me again  and i know you'll never answer me.
@CrunchyK Aww  well maybe another day. You will be here a few days!
why do some of the hardest days also have to be some of the longest? 
It's almost the weekend for me. Even though I'm coming in on one of my days off 
Is having one of those days 
@daphaknee I only had five full days by my rock, needed weeks. 
that means in 365more days ill be 25        noooooooooooooooooooooo
aww maan, we haven't talked for 3 days.  What happened to him?!
So far this weekend...SUCKS!! I have been sick for the past 2 days 
I haven't blazed in 3 days.. Roughly 210 days more to go.. 
how the days go by without youuuu. 
Only 4 more days 
only three days left 
why do i have these days?  and i miss you!!!
@EveBulloch mines verified within a few hours, worked for a day then stopped working  But that was a few months ago
has lost the will to live for the next eleven days     
there`s 9 days. 
@hikako aww!  missed old days!!
5 more days untill I turn 25  
I do not mind very aggressive these days and my relative passivity not lead me anywhere. 
really hope that I'm better in four days.. If I'm not, that would suck! 
and it takes 7-9 days and the item is only on for 7 more days 
Really hates hypOthyroid days. 
8 days and counting  
I hate ugly days. 
Under quarantine for 5days.. 
Missing those days... 
@Moriqua143 been raining a few days here 
only 5 more days till I leave 
@roleeta why is that? I've been sick for 2 days myself. Couldn't sleep 
At schoolio...only three days to go 
After 1276 days I've finally succumbed...just before e3!  #rrod http://short.to/ct5l
@mtmoore31 ugh hopefully jus a few more days for me. 
@artistiquemeg I think we all have those days  x
@mrallenakaneo I've been waitin for mine for...2 days now. I think they forgot about me 
@oliyoung agreed.  And how often do we get groundbreaking these days?  not often enough unfortunately 
6 more days and I'm out . 
365.5 days till she's back. 
i havent slept for 3 days 
Counting down the days.. 19 
Roughing it the next two days. 
4 days until it all starts 
@heycassadee I know  but I think of it as 172 days.
Four days and that's it! Seems so far away! 
...I don't work too well in the mornings these days 
4 more days to eend of attachment. 5 more days to end of school. 
4 more days to end of attachment. 5 more days to end of school. 
Classes start in just a few days!!  Haha!
been sick for the past elevan days, hopefully improving soon 
only four days left 
just woke up....I hate rainy days 
@akwardturtles am slugging it through four more days 
 I can't wait only 3 more days left.
I hate sick days  they r never ever fun...
But need to wait for 3days to download it... 
I don't like rainy days, especially rainy days at the boat  eating with @raeelynn.
Computerless for 1 to 3 days 
coutdown: 17 days 
@audioriot awww. that's too bad. my last one took a few hours. not days!  
Powting to twitter is very very slow these days 
back to work in 2 days  
29 days till i can legally go to jail 
No more days off for me!!!  
So tired,  1 down 3 more days to go!!
is having one of those days 
four more days. or should I say half days!!!  then I am free! but I am still sick 
1 days of interning down, 44 to go.......sooooooooo boring 
ugh....  birthday coming in 5 days, been planning on day off for months, but might have to work 
@AuctionDirect i have one, but still, pending payments for like 30 days 
@embrownny i have no days off 
I havent been sleeping right for days, and days to come ! 
@iamsistine wow lucky you.. gee, I only have like 4 days left to enjoy my summer 
deleted several hundred messages, i miss those good old days. 
@trekish After how many days? 
just few more days and my happy days are gone  i will miss them 
@courtknees I forgots what days you said u were free 
@EmmaCL also, 3 exams in 2 days?! is that even allowed? I feel sorry for you 
I hate how repetive my days are. Fml. 
@horrorshowtunez i hear that! i didn't have it until about 2 days ago 
@jaytaplin i have to say, eighteen days is too long  but im sucking it up
still got 1778 days to go. 
3 days down 
Totally frustrated!!  It's definitely going to be one of those days 
@jenbulen i hate when you're sick on days that really matter too 
is having one of those days.  
18 more days of school!!!  so many days
enjoying the last days of summer here...... 
Has very busy days ahead 
nervous for masterworks!! 9 days.. AAAHH 
How come the best days have to turn into the worst nights?  goodnight.
@midnightgirl13  where is @incarnadine0819 these days? i don't see here about ever 
@AmandaJoy why can't you sleep these days?! 
5 more days till classes start... 
can't sleep.... sooo I'm doing a little packing. 5 more days til I move 
 you learnin all days and then you have only B
@JoshCowdery I know that feeling, I haven't slept in days 
yet another day of revision  15 days til it's all over!
back to work after 3 very sunny days off 
for 2 days been sleeping 8+ hr but feeling more tired. 
One of those days where I am bored of not working 
it takes 21 days to make a habbit &amp; 21 days to break it... im so ready to let 21 days pass 
Classes will start in a few days. I might not tweet that regularly. Aww. 
@GingerCoe I've had an iced coffee that didn't agree with me..some days caffeine and I don't get along..this being one of those days 
@ImogenD How tragic!  What's worse is that i've been told it shall rain over the next few days.....
@vampgirl747 - maybe, but I'm lonely without him these last few days.  
@knitch No, I haven't been able to make any of them yet.  They keep coming up on days that I've already been busy.
I HATE those days when you wake up, and you just don't feel good. 
been sick for past 2 days... 
I hate blah days 
@breeeezy one of those days. 
Raining the last two days here?! 
http://twitpic.com/6odhk - I want to get back on these days  Isn't it cool??
@stephenhui tossing and turning at a maximum these days 
@xangie1984x i wish i could count days to when i see them again, but... 
only day off for 11 days 
i hate rainy days 
@semipenguin I miss when it was 24C a few days ago 
Its just these rainy days... 
@AnnaSaccone yt is being really weird these days 
@ComcastBonnie apparently yesterday didnt count and 10 days  so I was down 10 days ago, oh well, I'll keep working at it
well... it got rained out  what will i do with 4 days off!?
i hateee rainy days. 
@PeterM11 seriously, and there aren't enough of them these days. 
@PozzieMusic awwww  how many more days sweetie
19 days to go!!!!! (still)can't believe it  
It's going to be a long 6 days 
@scottsapphire eng major? what about philo and/or art history?? i wish i had a good timetable/3 days! i always get 4 or 5 days!! 
working continously since the last 15 days  no weekends
Missing the good old days 
@shannonsgoat i am worried about @noele6277 haven't heard from her in 3 days 
24 days nalang... 
@saffrontaylor Only when in working days, but lately always rains in weekends 
I can't believe the weekend is almost over! That is just rediculous! 2 days is not enough! 
i dont like when days start out like this 
having one of those days when i feel super unproductive.  i just want to go back to bed 
@nicktansy Have that and my 21 days are over. 
No  It said it could take 3-5 days just to be shipped. Hopefully I get it next week.
112 days left in the States! 
@FINALLEVEL i have to wait like 4 days to see it here 
@Kitkatlove03 I miss those days with you 
AAAAAAANDDDDD... i havent talked to him in like 2 days 
wheew..just got caught up from a week ago!!going again for another few days  pray this will be over sooner then later!!
I miss you.. Its only been 2 days ago since we've met. I dont kno why, but i really do 
@Januaryisfresh it looks like it...but i want how it use to be back in the old days 
Skiped 2 days. I might be pregnant. 
Last days... But working days... 
the last 6 days 
i miss the good old days when i liked it 
i have put studying off for 2 days... i think i should start now 
It's been raining here for 2 days now 
still got 12 days till summer 
@toomanybarriers I know right? I miss those days *so* much! *bawls* 
http://twitpic.com/6jsf8 - The days when it was sunny 
@KamiNand you're welcome. Ah, boofuckery (#wordsoftheday), 71 days left 
 18 days left for summeeerrr, I cannot wait until then.
is dreading the next three days.... 
In 3 days, i will be twitter-less 
&amp;i cried again realizing that i have only a few days left to spend with u. 
Not tweeted for 4 days. 
Enjoying the last few days of summer. 
@WahooPooh sod that, I can't spend 5 days in jail 
@snyderman34 30 days? I'll die by then 
2 more weeks + 1 day - 4 days = 6 working days left of school .  soo pretty much all the working days are this week until friday 
My days are numbered now!  6 Days to go! 
thinking about going underground for a few days 
I am shattered, had two very long days 
@halfriican ugh i know i only keep thinking only like 4 more days and it's all over. i really should start studying for chem though 
I'm having one of those days 
I have to leave her in 16 days 
@dbartone too bad it'll only last three more days 
@siouxieque   So we can have another one in 5 days.
@AshArrasmith  because I've done bad the past few days 
I'm sick  and going to sleep until i have to work again.. which would be in two days.
@CDub716 damn babe 3 days away.  lol.
Aaaaw... I've been sick for 4 days now. How i hate it. Makes me so indispensable. 
I really feel like packing, but i keep remembering i still have at least another 71 days until i leave 
It's one of those days 
5 days? 5 days? Seriously?  'he walks away, the colors start to fade...'
@Taybre I miss those days tough... 
I hate when I take naps until 3 a.m. I always get my days and nights mixed up. 
@JonathanAB you been ignoring me for days now  
@twitterific was down for 3 days 
@frozenblueeyes LMAO!  I knew you would... Those were the days, good memories 
it was 2 days ago..but i can't survive.... i miss it so much 
Missing the old days badly 
149 days!! too manyy 
my days and nights are sooo screwed up  ughh!
Exams coming up in 2 days :s not looking forward it 
Otalialess for 2 days !!   
It feels like i didnt even have days off.  so tired
@MiyaBailey plus i just learned i been talking to u for days and you couldnt see what i was saying because i was private. 
@romephotoblog unfortunately I work very far from the area  but I will try to make it one of these days
Still sore from bellin-two days later  owwie
I'm so worried about degree results! 3 days left! 
...just miss my man! 2 weeks til i can see him again  so hard after getting 3ish days w/him that were so perfect!
just 4 more days until schools over!  but got finals during that 4 days 
@fricky Domains usually aren't REALLY available until 60-90 days after expiration. 
@tommcfly i miss those days 
4 more days of @letsfindjared 
It's raining here just as I'm about to have two days off 
One of those down days,  self medicating
@likegallows but i haven't for a few days 
@TheJonathanT we didn't hang out yet  and its been like three days of summer!
The day after one of the best days of my life, I have one of the worst days. 
some days i hate vods so much more than others. today is one of those days. 
@tristanwilds unfortunately my days already over 
@ddubsoldie81 no had to call and have to wait a few days, so far nothing posted for them 
@katieyellow I miss the old days of J&amp;K +8 
@KapriStylesxxx I know they do.  They will for a few more days.
@missheathyrm @sthrnfairytale and blogher is only a couple of days.  the other 362 days...so alone.  so. very. alone.  
@hayleyjfoster 3 days!!!! then you shall be leaving us! 
@isajourney  What is it now? I'm behind on ontd_p these days.
Everyone has good days and bad days. I'm having myself a bad day 
just realized i leave in 9 days 
@AmandaGalang i can't believe we missed each other by a few days! 
day 1 is nearly over, 6 more days in quarantine to go.. 
4 days - Boys are leaving 
@MELierace 7 days until hellllll! 
@tysander I might need to go to days 
i hate rainy days grrr 
i will not updating anymore for 5-6 days because i have exames and i have to learn 
@Alshehab I think that might be true, since I have been having this for quite a few days 
I can already tell it's just going to be one of those days 
I do not like waking up at 8:30 on my days off. 
rough day...and more days like that to come...o hell 
The past 2 days have been horrible 
Yawning......I hate rainy days 
I am counting down the days until i become an old hag...only 3 more days... 
you know those days that you get where you just feel so frustrated and upset you just want to scream? well, i've had one of those 
well the sunny days sure didn't last long 
6 weeks 4 days till I'm in iraq 
@chetnasamant 2 weeks!!! its just 5 days here 
@gone2dmb @NAKEDdmblauren I have to wait SEVEN weeks  But the I get 3 shows in 4 days!!
I hate gloomy days 
@styleit  Aw, I hope you feel better.  I had one of those days last week 
No more cold days ! 
I want and I need sun , no more cold days 
started out as one of the best days ever now it is shit 
159 days is to long to waitt! 
2 more days only  so sad....
Its been 2 days 
LOL I haven't twittered much in the last few days 
i haven't twittered in 12 days  siiinnn
@GertieGamer me feeling better was ill since last two days 
can't sleep.. crazy days... strange days... trying days.. have found me! 
is really tired.. and still three maybe four days left.. 
Not looking forward to working 1 to 10 the next 2 days 
@eddiesilvanus Its been rainy today and will continue to rain here the next few days ahead with cool temps  I like sunny days myself.
@nuke_83 2 weeks and 3 days.... 
@AhmadSamadi I miss those days. 
@donveto agreed, but what about working days? 
emily is now going to be leaving us sad days 
and now she is really leaving us even sadder days 
@SmallvilleFans I re-watch them as often as I can! If only my days had more hours 
I've counted...I'm working another 11 days this week. 
4 days, 3 nights. 2 hours of sleep. and I've got 8 more days of this? dfkgtjtkhj 
Hasnt eaten for the last 3-4 days 
Bad days... very bad days... 
@alaksir I checked and it says 10days  did u buy it?
@HannahTroy i hate them days 
Thinking about leaving clook hosting - been down 3 times in the last 2 days 
Morning! 4 more days!!   
having one of those i-can't-draw-days 
@ltruex I've noticed that isnare is just super  slow.  What used to take just 4 days to be submitted and distributed now can take 3 weeks 
I have been up for 20 mins and my days already sucks! 
i do not want to go home  at least i get to see the jonai in 5 days =]
i had been very very busy for the past few days 
Wishing i could get a good nights sleep one of these days!  
have been sick with a fever for about 6 days 
...given back two days later 
@truejerseygirl  2 days with no @TimMothE is like a lifetime.
missing the days I felt you inside of me.  
is having one of those days.. 
i always have to work on the most beautiful days 
I'm so exhausted  I want to sleep for days and days and days....
Just finished her boyfriend after 8 months and 17 days 
@ennafralia i know babe. 8days. i will miss u nanti 
The days are long and the nights are short 
three-ish days  i can't waitttttt!
very bored.. i hate slow days like this one,,,, 
awful awful days 
I hate rainy days 
Finally feeling better...I've been sick for 3 days 
Ahh! I got 10 more days! 
2 days till I die again 
@sassamo I'm jealous you're done I have 5 more days I'm so gay 
laurs leaving in two days!! 
The last two days have been hell ! 
@MadeGorgeous just having one of those days where I feel grossly ugly. 
spent the whole day driving ... i reallly wish i studied days ago 
I'm not happy in this days and never been sad this much 
@xscl where u been the past 4days? I miss u 
3 days down.... 
@pretty_nae. I wish it was 5 days til my b day 
i cant believe there are only 10 days left 
@nickyjx me either, I feel like when I'm on my own, I'll have days when i'll cry out of the no where, reminiscing about the past. 
@dustinlanesmith I miss the camp days... 
otw to work. my last few days in aic 
eight days to go 
In the fiekd for two days... 
Wishing 2000 miles and 63 days didn't seem so far off. 
is definitely looking forward to the weekend. 2 long busy days to go! Hopefully work will suck less than the last few days 
@EpicPhenom 5 more days..... 
only a few days left! i feel sickly nervous 
URGH! I keep just wasting my days! 
wtf is wrong with me i am just not myself  have not been 4 the past 4 days
Leaving in a few days 
@wafflesprinkles yes I will be working days this weekend 
Going to eat breakfast in the key, only two days left 
it's one of those days 
@OhNoMacho the last two dry days passed by too quickly 
@drunkenhopfrog i don't like being a grown up and working 40 hours a week, i want more of those days 
having one of those days where i think i could sleep foreeeever. go away rain. 
these days , busy days . 
This days going to drag  i can feel it
@HORSEBITES I'm so sad that you're leaving philly 3 days before I get there. 
@BranLee1184  me need some more days
Enjoying my last days w/ my 1 year old  Where does the frkn timeee go and why does it have to go so fast     *sigh*
going to sail camp.  2 more days left...... 
has been sick for the past few days 
Why couldn't it rain on my days off! 
@WATERSNANANA One of those days 
I can't believe its going to rain for the next 5 days. 
@corymorton give me a smile, I haven't had one in days 
I don't work efficiently these days   So happy that I can tweet!
@Warnerbro i tried using it about 3 days back, nothing 
To all of my wasted days 
i hate rainy days! 
I need to shower. It's been like 2 days 
won't get to see her puppy for 11 days 
@YoItsMal no  i have half days all next week.
@JoeyDivision I've had a fever for 3 days already &amp; it won't go away 
its been two days 
hasn't it been ten days already?  
Is moving in less than 20days.    Not sure how to feel about that.
missing the old days..... 
8 days until i leave 
@ktbeeper I think it's one of those days. 
@happiijenny I know!!  I actually used to use greymatter - those were the good old days.
@sbjet  I know   One of these days I'm going to get to speak to you even if I have to move here to do it  #HRHappyHour
I dislike rainy days 
 damn 6 more days in the Philippines.
5 more days to go. 
You just can't say that about many companies these days.  
Blahhh.  8 days until carissa returns... its been too long :\
@adhitiasofyan good 4u. I can only did it for 2 days 
@felmurfud i know it's very depressing i have to wait a few days before i know for sure 
@pillpushera next 100 days? Why 100 days? 
soz i havent talking in a few days 
 i hate bad days.
@bes21 true, but i didn't think id miss her this much?? and its only been 3 days, we've got another 5 weeks and 2 days b4 she gets back 
is very poor  43p/day for the next 42 days. That's possible, right?
holy shit. I'm 30 in 6 days 
@mike2big I miss those days 
Just 3 more days to go....i am still at 0 
counting down the days 
Last days of spring 
I can't possibly wait 3 more days to see him 
been poorly for like 6 days  uuuuuuuuuuurgggggggggggggggg
Only three days left 
5 days. I feel like I'm going to puke 
Still 4 months and 4 days till #thereality IX 
{7 weeks, 2 days} off to work 
@missannelouise out of all the days to rain. 
meeting abby for lunch! our last day together for the next three weeks, we've never been away from eachother for more then three days 
i'm so bored :/ havenothing to do :'( would like to have asunny day...it's beenraining for days 
Has two days in which to revise 4 pbl modules....and has forgotten what the last 20 were all about! 
two more days and im off to japan! nooo 
I wish it would stop raining! This is not how I wanted to spend my days off. 
@mule0331 it has rained 14 days out of the last 17 days 
@jamm1n don't get used to it. it's supposed to rain for the next 8 days 
ahhh the weekend!! too bad i have to work both days 
@DDUBFOPSGIRL I was bored, its all stormy here, nothin to do!! 2 more days and u see @nkotb !!! I got 7 more days til then 
Is sad that she hasn't had a reply in 23days 
urgh, i hate days like these 
i hate rainy days 
@trixieeeee i know right? it's not working these past few days 
@doofmeister in bed, not collapsing tired yet. apparently this is necessary for me to sleep these days 
in 10 short days i'll be done, i think i'm actually a little sad 
@nicholasbraun I miss the days when you would reply to me 
working 28 hours in 2 days........greattt.....  
i havnt gymmed in 2 days 
I think he's mad at me and I don't even know why. He's been ignoring me for almost two days. 
i hate rainy days 
@officialmgnfox i don't get to see it for another 2 days 
@theSLaBeouf i don't get to see it for 2 days 
I would cry myself to sleep but I've had so much sleep these few days that I can't sleep 
@Megannjane get tamiflu, big doses required after you've been sick a few days though. 
Missn my collg days!! 
has had another one of these days 
it's raining   ...in 12 days start my trip to croatia. :] for 3 weeks. - chill time
@BeeReel I really think staying 7 days here was too long 
i really miss the good old days 
I hare rainy days 
two more days! 
@sundaycosmetics Sadly, yes.   I very rarely hear from them these days
two days to wilco.... :-D   but the okkervil/wilco show isn't for another five days 
@renateea 365+ days without seeing  you is terrible as well!!  miss u!! ;)
bring those sunny days back... 
5 more days until the fanmeeting. I'M SO SADDDD. 
Not having a good few days 
is eating dolly mixtures, not as the same as the old days tho! 
i havent talked to @x3mrspattinson in 3 days . . 
I may go home for a few days. I'm homesick. 
watching 28 days later... 
i miss cailin alreadyy!  a whole 5 days! :'(
Has been running on only 4hours sleep in the past 2 days 
I wish that this weekend was like three days longer... 
@HelzRazor82 &lt;3 *wub* I feel like I've not spoken to you for days! 
reminiscing about the old days.. awww  tear!
@dragonflyeyes  it has been at least 2 days since i have talked to her or even seen her on.. not cool.
Feeling lonely and sad tonight and many nights these days oh AND days these days too~~~~ 
 at tegus x 2 days only 
Why am I always feeling so tired these days 
why can't we have weekends for five days 
 = next few days
I miss johnny so much  I can't wait for him to email me back soon... 4 weeks and 3 days..........
@elhambinai you're still awake also? apparently no Iranian can sleep these days 
@tmtn Aww great! With two events happening next week, I can't afford to take the days off. 
The weekend goes so quick these days 
Oh my days I feel rough 
packing for the 2 last , hopefully unforgettable,  days  with my favourites ... the though on that makes me sad .. 
What happened to the weekend  holidays in 4 1/2 days yay!!!
@vuitton ..and leaves every sunday morning, but usually he comes back for 3/4 days every 10 days of not seeing me.. 
and now the days just get shorter, winter has practically begun 
ahh 42 days again 
@3sixty5days That made me want to be Irish.  Haha.
Thinking about the past, i miss those days 
 I can already tell that it's going to be one of *those* days...
@3sixty5days damn! i can't go! 
@suitecherryl I was so tired! I worked 11 hours today.  But at the end of working 4 days over 2 weekends, I get 6 days leave (I think) 
@nwplizzie HEY don't take it for granted! it's been raining here for a few days 
@jcharming That stinks. I hate bad days   Hopefully both of our days will get better...
I hate long boring days 
these dreary days are depressing 
Finally home after 4days... Stressed up 
@dansir2009 we'll know in 3 days 
@1capplegate I know I'm really starting to worry it's been almost 2 days 
@vegancheze can i just say.... hot!? haha. i wish it was sunny here, it's been raining for days 
Why are all betas these days US only. 
@jtenrec it's been 58 days since you've seen her 
can't sleeeeeeep.i miss the days of turning out the light and being out cold for 8 hours straight 
the nights went so slow! not complaining like... in so much pain though  3 days!!
@PaperWings87 Unfortunately he's a not-in-jail for at least 30 days douchebag! 
it's only been 15 days billy, im soooo confused right now!  x
Only three more days of processing left 
3 more days to the weekend 
only for 3days. i promise. i'm soooo sorry. i can't see u 
I have not had an appetite in the last two days. I want to eat but I cant 
@lile2925 awwwwww only two more days ?!?!?  
Four more days and I honestly can't wait to be home. I'm sick of this distance 
it has been raining for about 3 three days now  summer where are you?
spent 2 days playing bejewwled.... i feel dirty 
2 more days to go 
i have been sick these days 
@CrisstynaJ about 5 days   They said 7-14 days, so I'm just being impatient lol
might be sick.  is hungry and is definitely upset. i hate days like this!
Only for 2 days 
@joeludgewigs aww  only 3 more days hunny. and what photo?
@tifferwiffers 64 days since I smoked 
Eleven more days. I can do this. I miss you @stephperkinsss !! 
is wonderin why he's so freakin busy these days 
@supermaryg You don't write so much these days 
@ruhi So no I 20 yet..  and can't see any in the next 30 days...
i am having the worst week ever. not looking forward to saturday because it's just going to be one of the saddest days. 
only one week &amp; 4 days left here  i dont want to leave !
After 11 days off i am back to work 
Is not looking forward to working the next two days 
only a few days left in loughborough 
We haven't talked for days. 
@heynadine it's raining here for 5 days now 
Is enjoying her days off from work....but knowing that days off are vashing fast again!  lol
it just began to rain... the 2 days summer is over 
@MiiCK3Y so irritatttinnn!! and its supposed to be like this for the next 10 days, 
This weekend will be fun. 5 days... 
I want more days off !! 
Counting down the days. 
Some days are sent to really try us, today is one of those days 
These next three days are going to be horrible. 9-7, 12-9, 9-7. 29 hours in three days? 
@Majestic76. He has me worried he hasn't tweeted in a few days 
just met mamat 10 minutes ago only about 10 second,haven't met him in 2 days 
I seem to be having one of *those* days... 
@kaylinstone ...10 days?  that's not very long.  
Ahh it's just one of those days 
only two days left... 
It's just one of those days... 
being annoyed with ?'s that i dont like 15 more days until i go back to arizona i just might kill myself before i even leave!!! 
At work...only 2 more days to go and then i am off for 7 more days  yay!!!
@candyoh13 that was me 2 days ago 
 Going to london in 2 days hopefully 
actully braces seem to be unpainful xD there just painful the first days but then you'll get used to them 
more 3 days for relax 4 days... 
 @3sixty5days makes me smile.
p.s. I get to see @cschullo in 2 days!!! 
Only working 3 days this week! 
hey @lcgabe, 5 days brother 
@amaelissa In 133 days u can have all u want 
@sllpinkprincess i journey to st tropez every three days  haha
@tommcfly I wish I was there...okay,not really, I'm going to see you in 33 days 
is going to see kellie pickler in 13 days 
3 days? scandalous...been busy 
11 days until summer '09 
drilling days are coming 
@AlexaRPD    I'm on it!  I'll be there in a few short hours...days...weeks..okay maybe a month...can you wait?  
don't want to go back to college! but it'll be 2 days then 
graduating in a few days. EXCITED! 
what a weekend! so busy.. 19 days! 
Oh, studying...I hate you.    Only 1 1/2 more days though and then 3 more weeks.
I am really very sore from three days of 'D of E', it was a laugh all the same!! 
@tcpeter  just gets better and better as the days get longer 
Moving out after many days 
@tommcfly i like that. 9 days till i see you 
@mmcdev 19days until I see you 
ill be 14 in 3 more days 
@stacymartinez it's open 365 days a year 
@Jantunstill It's lovely isn't it!  I love days like this 
leaving in 2 1/2 days. 
we turn 1 in 12 days  
only hours away  instead of days!
the days when I get to spend all day with you, are the bestest days of my life 
Working week completed  , two free days ahead!
@karlerikson  it ended up being the most relaxing 7 days I've ever experienced. 
@kornuts see you in 5 days, Yay!!! 
excited 3 days till my b-day 
@LaffinAtcha i think i will in a few days 
@shrenikbhura You last tweeted 16 days ago! You need to tweet more often 
thirty one days...now counting weekends 
@bagussoo so you are 5 hours ahead  i feel like my days here are toooo short because i have to learn sooo much and i need more time!!
twenty-six days. 
@SomersetBob glad its not to bad not long left only a few days now 
just have to endured 20 days more 
@joliebelle   i'm so excited for you!!!   also, i miss you. so maybe you need to know that ur loved??  have a great next 4 days!
getting married in 12 more days 
Less than 3 more days. 
27 days till we graduate! 
Ten more days left of this semester!! 
all packed and ready to go  be back in 4 days. i'll tweet a few from the mobile ;)
17 days of dieting... 13 pounds lost 
@BevClement I don't think we talk much about Banks these days - not quite as respected as they once were 
@SplinteredMind then am anticipating the next ten days! 
CAPONES island in 2 days!!! my summer is just starting... 
19 days and counting  
Just five more days. Five more long days. Ahh! 
psyching myself up for the next few days...oh my. 
16 days until I start moving! 
@theremedy4u  5 days 
These days have been looking better better betterrrrrrrr. 
twittering after 2 days! 
Less than 99 days til warped tour.  
@strandell that was several days ago! it was great though 
all in a days' nasism 
@nigs Ah so 15 months. I'm sure he is advanced, and it's not you being biased  they seem to grow up faster these days - now I sound old!
9 hours and 10 mins until I can go home and sleep  I hour till I have to go to work :| can't wait for 5 days off this week!
@heathurr You mean all days.... 
I'm pretty official these days 
is tired, only 66 more days 
@holisticguru I sent one a few days ago.   
just woke up...so much stuff to do in 6 days ! 
Another day...  I`m so happy these days, and I LOVE it! 
4 days of labour and than holiday, just a small one just five weeks 
feeling much better than two days ago 
Goodmorning!! Two more days till the weekend.  hopefully I can get thru this dayyyy
http://twitpic.com/55d3p - for those not so tweet days 
has 3 days till she flys away 
3 days down 1 to go 
@adriarichards Some days, I think you live at stumbleupon. 
@meghannrose Congratz on the 7 days 
Going to sleep just to rise in 4 hours and drive 4 more home. Just another days work. 
mhhm.. Three more days... 
Is ready for another days riding... 
wahey internet is finally working properly again   only taken 3 days!
I have had bad days ... now I need a good day 
since there was like 28 days 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5cmep - only six days *-* brazil  
counting the days till summer 
4 days! 2 days for my  b-day! 
The most wasted of all days is that on which one has not laughed. 
restin up before a busy few days ahead 
is counting down the days!!!! 4 more 
woo! finally booked flights to london! only 19 days to go! 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/58grb - 4 days 
I love rainy days!!!! 
Wishing this week had about five more days in it 
long couple of days. well spent though 
8 more days until I go home! 
@tiffasteezy 25 more days? Haha I never realized that ! Lol next thing you know it'll be 10 more days then 1 more day 
10 days more... and off I go!!! 
Moving  few more days yay!
can't sleep for three days. but i like this day 
13 more days to the holidays! Cannot.wait 
Is looking forward to nyc in 13 days!! 
4 more days till i'm free  yippeeeeeee
I'll be off again...but I don't know how many days yet! :p 
Drawing my comic 10 hours after deadline. Just like the good old days 
Working for the next 3 days. Then a very long weekend chilling 
all i seem too have tweeted about in the last days is polyvore 
I enjoy some free days.! 
@lovecomatose what about 59p ?  i.e. nearly free , or 100 days free then 99p ? 
@colinreidbrown 6 other days a week only for you. 
17 days til' I'm going to cali. 
wow...laying here thinking how i only have 4 more days to enjoy the age of 18... it was gr8 while it lasted 
@crumcake i love overcast days...what does that say about me??!!  LOL    twittering all day for u!!  
@MrStickdorn Those days were only pleasure 
51 days...and countdown 
So excited I'm only working for two days this week 
@ddlovato 92 days until I see you! 
59 more days  and 14 more days till senior year is overrr 
@mbreinholt me too...I'm going to have my bad, down days I'm sure. For now though I'm going to stay positive and just deal! 
3 days school this week! Yaayy!! 
seventeen in two days! 
is finally a few days off  so excited!!!!!! then interning!!!
6 more days til summmmmmmmer  @icantunloveyou lucky haha.
@pedrodias thx  see you in a few days
i love rainy days 
@Peulo not really, past few days lang. 
@Sliester we can easily make that last 6 days. I'll have some to add too. 
Long weekend of 4 days 
@rpeckham those were gone in 2 days  hahaha
27 days till summer 
@rmilana I think we shoud go for it, its not really hard these days  #coffeeclub
30 days - 21 hours - 43 minutes and 13 seconds till my brother comes to visit for 6 wonderful weeks 
11 days till we leave... 
my weekend is here!!!! shake it for 4 days off 
Mornings are always so happy these days   
J-ville in 6 hours, for 4 days  I'm excited.
@CardoftheWeek In about 20 days! 
@shredheads I'm still here. Running the 5k in 15 days. Then? Perhaps the 30 in 30. 
I'll be 10,000 days old on 10/14/11. 
@benjphoto hehe yes I accidentally posted it...I meant to save it for two days...so I updated it...will post in a few days 
50 more days untill we go to croatia!! 
@msmack9871 no but i slept like 3 days lastnight 
@MisterNoodle ... just takes me awhile to feel comfortable w/this... i know... i need to relax... one of these days... 
these past few days have SUCKED! hopefully the weekend is happier 
@STARBUXHD lol i will one of these days 
Starting to think what to bring back with me  three more days!!
Just woke up. 4 days 
Holy Only 12 fucking days till i see callum 
