Most common words for this cluster:
[('days', 194), ('day', 156), ('years', 130), ('week', 128), ('dad', 114), ('time', 113), ('weeks', 101), ('year', 98), ('today', 91), ('months', 87), ('friend', 87), ('mom', 83)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'dad', 0.6707844138145447), (u'Glapion_recalls', 0.6441283822059631), (u'mother', 0.6407113075256348), (u'wailed_Masri', 0.6363457441329956), (u'unconditional_Cam_Newton', 0.6330466866493225), (u'Dear_Harriette_My', 0.6315528154373169), (u'delighted_Drochelman', 0.629568338394165), (u'days', 0.62872713804245), (u'Milan_Hayat_Stapp', 0.6269350051879883), (u'mom', 0.6255706548690796)]





My son Vincas is sick, so I stay at home  Just three tense days at work, and I am back on holiday with kids
it'll take 3 days for my sister to get her passport 
Maybe one of these years I'll get a tax return.  A girl can dream, right?
18 weeks till sisters home.. i missed her call, again! its the worst feeling in the world. 
@RedGray Ah man- so sad, his cousin committed suicide yest and she was 8 months pregnant  - can you imagine... we been crying non stop... 
Planting a friend today.  Not been to a funeral in &gt;20 years.
is trying to look to the big picture, but boy its hard to some days 
yep...it's been 6 weeks  A lady at our church is watching her.
back at work after a great weekend, my brothers have left home and gone back to england though with my gorgeous nephews, miss them 
i am missing my daughter. she went away yesterday for a week on a course to help her teach gymnastics. the house is too quiet 
my boyfriend is going out of town for 2 days and believe it or not, i'm feeling lonely already. holyredhotchilipeppers. i need chocolate 
is saying goodbye to her momma for 4 months..  
funerals are so hard, especially when it's someone so close to you like your dad, i only got to spend 15 years with him. i cant do this 
Just got text friend gone in for c-section at 30 weeks 
Bless, this woman has been here for 2hours waiting for her son to come and pick her up  Awwwwwww, i hope he arrives soon !!
@gen26rocks yeah, well my son is 10 and its like he is 3-4 6 year olds some times  But we are in therapy with him. I am hoping that helps
I want to take a trip across the country with my friend, but my parents want me to find a job first 
just dropped my daughter to the airport.... see you in 3 months my love 
talking to my best friend, he has left the town a year ago and now I miss him a lot 
@rjreid I'm up because my 3 year old son told me to be!  ...like he does everyday!
goodmorning everyone.. jeeej  my granny is coming from surinam after 5 months.. missed her 
Nothing like sleeping in your dress.... And secondly, I'd rather be at home... To many days away from my son 
we had one of our best friends bday yesterday that was planned months ago and he didnt show up without any sign of life since monday!! 
I can feel the distance increasing between me and a friend I've known for years. It sucks, but really, we just can't relate anymore. 
no one cares about me in my family  it has taken three years for my mother to buy me some curtains
Loads of housework and getting ready for my daughter returning to school tomorrow after 2 weeks off.  I am back to work too - boo 
Would you travel to your grandmother's funeral if you would be leaving your spouse &amp; sick child for 2 days? Not sure what to do. 
hubby is in florida for the next 4 days wish i was with him  I wish i had friends here to go into the city with but weve all drifted apart
Really sad that the siblings are leaving and I only got to see them for a couple of hours  but I am glad that I did get to see them!
Picture of my puppy with my ex...belongs to him now  haven't seen her in about 8 months. http://twitpic.com/3ljt8
Off to church then lunch then its time to miss my wife and kids. 
Hey today my dad and sister had gone again to africa  party this friday i love my dress from bdba i just came from the airport..chilling..
my mom didnt make me an easter basket this year  she says i'm too old.
the hubby has 2 work 2day  my uncle is cooking liver &amp; onions (yuck) 4 my g-pa's b-day. Its good 2 c my uncle. Its been 2 long!
I wish the man of my dreams would come pick me up and put me over his shoulder, but it seems so unlikely in this day and age 
@bniks it's never been this bad before  the past week has been crappy for my poor sk. LOL I just laughed way too loud at the mother f
has 2 days off now (: still have to study though  well im off to buy my sister baloons 
no hubby for 7 weeks, knackered and sore throat and no idea where to start in the tip that is now my house 
A guy at my office lost both of his parents in the last week. my condolences 
good morning wife @RuubbzCubess , bring me coffee &amp; anbesol for this fuckin tooth  lol
Has tonsillitis or glandular fever either way I'm not going to be able to touch my boyfriend or drink for 2+ weeks  
going to look for some thing lighthearted to cap my evening, or maybe i will just go cuddle my son. 
@tonightwedance dunno why but i was shy at first even with your mum, couple of drinks later i was fine ;-) lol. i can't get on the net 
Laphroig sent me an email talking about the 18 yr on sale in their friends store 12 hours ago.  It's all gone.  
@zigpalmer Nothing wrong with mine, just helped my mum to get a new phone from them. The order still hasn't come through after 2 weeks 
my boyfriend updated his blog.. after 6 months of abandoning it! *cross finger* don't judge that picture of mine he uploaded though 
Wishing things would get better for my 15 year son 
@kimmysanders My wife makes something like that (on a smaller scale) every day for my daughter to take to school. She used to for me 
just said goodbye to chloe, my cat of 16 years. her kidneys failed 
is missing her hubby already, he is on his way to N.C. for 6 days 
How did the night get so fucked up so fast...my baby brother got locked up tonight 
My friend's younger sister is getting married this month end. How did I grow so old? 
@iKeralot - I followed u back &amp; I'm sorry 2 hear about your illness -seems like everyone(or family) these days has some type of sickness 
Is feeling sorry for herself,I miss my dad sosoo much wish he was here my sis got to sick to go to his house guess I'll wait 2 more weeks 
Going to see a lady about a guinea pig. V excited but they are only  1 week old, so we can't take them home for another 5 weeks. 
my boyfriend split up with me 4 days ago 
I bid my brother farewell just now when he left for camp because I won't be seeing him for a few months since we'll fly soon. It was hard 
Best friends mum been gone 8 years tomorrow too 
Wouldn't have missed my daughter's 18th, but kinda feel #dddscot past me by this year.  Next up #teched2009 and #dddsw.
poor maddy macann 2 years today since she was snatched from her parents on holiday 
dad just left for a week, boooo 
woke up 10 minutes before judith's sister's confirmation  crapp
I'm so tired. I only get 1 day off for the next 2 weeks. I hate my job, never get to see my hubby.       
My daughter is sick   Fevers suck even more when they're on 5 year olds.
my friend's car was broken into last night and my camera was stolen! sniff there goes six months worth of pictures 
Dammit I wasn't able to avoid the cold my husband and son got. No gym for me today 
hope i can work past my rather dismal conscious right now though seeing another of my aunts dies last week my dad told me today. 
miss my @jackiiewaynee sitting next me in church  but have a great time with your dad today!
enjoyed having her gran &amp; aunt here 4 the weekend. And njoyed the braai @ my cousins place this afternoon. 2morrow back 2 work 
got my home boy back from portugal at 03:30 am teaparty to celebrate my sister's 18th b-day, saddens me she's not up to much these days 
@Duckiepants eh it'll be a year tomorrow since my dad died so 
becca just left  and now im stuck babysitting. blah. mom is out of tow starting today and dad is staying here 4 two days.
just got back from seeing my blind uncle he had a stroke last week and fell and broke his ribs 
doing a paper..... not going so well. this is going to be prob one of the worst weeks of my life! ugghhhhhhh too many papers/finals 
@shareski we've only had ours a couple of months, it's more miss than hit 
impressed at how good my aunt and uncle were doing today. it has been a month since we lost kyle... 
so sad that she can't steal one of her aunt's three week old kittens.. 
I wont be seeing my mother for another week  cause i wont be good when she returns 
Misses sleeping with her boyfriend during the week.. Weekends are way too short 
i'm physicaly sick...i have court in a couple of hours what should i do try to clear my name and possibly end up in jail??? stressed 
Missing my soldier son really bad today. Some days are just worse than others for some  reason. 
@cort1268 I'm jealous I haven't been in a few years parents have a boat just stopped going 
wth this is like the first time since i was a baby that ive gone to bed @ 11 pm. staying at moms friends house 
It is the first mother's day since my daughter passed and this is an extremelyhard time right now for my family. I pray you understand. 
@anthonyash  I remember when my friend forced me to see it with her... I had nightmares for weeks, but I love that the Asian can't be die
Wow what a day.Defended the trophies w honor,pic soon to follow-went swiming then tried to help the wife deal w the kids bowel movements. 
I wasn't even home an hour before I got in a massive fight with my parents. It will be a long two months... and I could really use a hug 
so I just found out my dad told my sister to come by herself this summer to visit him  I'm really hurt..we were gonna go together.I'm sad
bought flowers for a friend recovering from colon surgery--but the &amp;^%$ flowers won't be shipped til the week after! 
2 days to go and I still don't know what to do... how will I even spend the 2k? and my mom said save it as much as possible...wth... :l 
I hate that my car i fucked up n had to miss a friends baby shower this has not been my week 
Wow looks like year 4 of shit ass mothers days 
i miss my parents. house been completely quiet for days. 
@Oooster465 I'm so sorry about your mom  I hope you hold on through those rough days.
I wish I could go back in time to when my mother was alive ,and tell her that I'm glad she's not dead     #mothersday  ):
waiting for mom &amp; dad to get here so i can see them one last time! i'm kind of sad i won't see them much this summer 
This is the first mother's day I have spent with my mom in 20 years.  It's also the first I've spent without my boys ever.  
@slpowell working on a post last nite, how mother's day isn't the same w/o my mom -lost her 4 yrs ago. 1 of days I miss her most. sorry 
Just realized I'm not going to see my mom today. I think this will be the first one in many years to come.  .
i work with bitches..can't see my mom now on mother's day because of them and i haven't seen her in months 
@knotby9 my mom died when i was 3 months old,i never knew her 
@Ally6989 how old is the neighbors son? and thats extremely sad  51 years. WOW.
wants a redo on mother's day  The flu was NOT on my wishlist
Here in my fiance's childhood home and I couldn't feel farther from him  27 days....
@GiulianaRancic called my mom today after not speaking to her for 5 years...she was too sick to come to the phone 
My brother's visited me today!!! im so happy again!!! their having a mother's day dinner with us, then they have to go back home... 
@abirtmo saw it twice already.  it makes me think of my grandpa though.  
My dentist is awesome and my dad had a worse day than me, so I feel bad about whining about my teeth hurting. But they do. 
She's too funny, can't wait to see her it's been 7 long months without my mama 
Morning Lovelies , almost ready but now i have to wait for my mother to get ready  how can i occupy another hour of my time ?
My friend has become a big drug addict  What has the world come to? I miss the good old days...
@PinkerJewel I read yesterday about a celeb couple here who lost their newborn, was born 4 months early and died seconds after being born 
I woke up late today. Now my daughter is sick and I'm begining to cough too. It's making it's rounds. 
I've been dreaming about things I don't want for the last few months. Last night in my dream, I had a baby and she wasn't cute 
Hasn't been this sick in a really long time. sadly having to cancel my dress shopping date with mom and dad 
saw ex with slaggy gf. felt really jealous she was wearing the  marval jumper. that i was wearing like 4 days ago 
really not sure what I'm going to do without my sister for a week 
I feel like i lost my best friend  i knew it was coming we havent talked in months she has a life to live and im an emotionally broke ...
is watching the mother pack for her holidays!  why is everyone deserting me at once?! 
would have been a nice and eventful day to hang out with the girlfriend... 
My dad said connecting the printer would take a minute. It's taking much longer 
I spoke to my dad for the first time in ages yesterday :S, i kinda miss him 
@ktjade i'm more annoyed that my 17 yr old cousin (who is 19 days younger) gets to go cause she has a fake id  and its what's more ...
@justmean umm i miss my cousin  and i am kindda truck here for 4-5 weeks..
just hugged my dad goodbye, last time I'll see him for over a month 
...but because I hadn't played in a couple of days in between, one of the daughters in the 1st family died of starvation. 
I finally have 2 days away from the salons, though I suspect my wife is going to make me catch up on house stuff rather than relax 
@NicolaMandy @diahooha I will be this week :/ my dad's making me go 
Just left my cousins house still gotta go face my dad  Aww erny stayed on the phone with me til i passed out last night. So sweet lol
@BrandonBarash Congrats to your sister! ...it's been soggy on the east coast for like the past week and a half. 
need to go visit my dad's ranch and his grave - miss him so much 
So my father passed away last week 
has split with her boyfriend today after 6years together...cant leave bed 
my aunt just called!! the only i havent seen in years. miss her 
Missed church today mom &amp; sister are sick  about to lay down I have to work tonight
just said bye to his beautiful girl. a weeks too far 
@mrsCookXD too bad i couldn't make it.  why did my folks even HAVE to create my little sister 6 years ago? XD
turning 21 years old today!!! gahhhh....i'm a weird bag of mixed emotions. thanks everyone for the bday wishes and all the memories.  
Morning all, eldest daughter got exams this morning, youngest one, in bed ill, poor thing 
than 10 years of his 27 years of life thinks he's getting custody of a baby we raise from 4.6 lbs   my email is stephheil@hotmail.com
Feels bad for my sister, her bf of one year just left for boot camp for 5 months. She so sad 
my lame-o husband had an off week too.  Virtually never ever ever is a lame-o husband.  guess everyone is entitled.  made me sad.  
has to go and pick up her 16 yo daughter from her part time job soon.... 2 more years   til she can drive herself.
my honey is being deployed in 8 days and he's still doing construction work for his dad   i'm so dreading the next year or so.
waved my daughter off for her school trip this mornin and i am missin her already. she doesn't come back until friday  xx
i miss waking up to my husband  only ten more days!
Dropping the wife off at the airport. I'm alone for the week 
I hate it to be ill and also my girlfriend is two weeks away 
I am ashamed to admit that I am about a month behind on my husband's blog!! 
@katepatto it really hurt!  i hope the parentals don't go mental in the morning....i was trying to be a good daughter + not wake them up!
Off to the supermarket for me while 8 month pregnant wife takes a nap-we just been in town meeting her grandma&amp;now she's exhausted 
due to my friend's constant reminder to me that its sixteen days until school, i'm starting to loose the feeling of summer. 
aww, a dear family friend just had a miscarriage after 9 months of pregnancy  what does one say/do?
I just found out my uncle has cancer...what a day 
a friend still does not know how to spell my name. he's known me for about 5 years. we've grown apart. 
8 years today, can't believe it's been that long, always missing u dad! 
@Fluffykinz i cant im going camping  but today after school my mom is going to drop me at ur house for a couple hours.
@BobBergh The weather's not too clever here  hun   How's you today? Just off out to go all gooey over a friend's week old baby 
Seven days until I see my wife again. 
They arent letting my mom leave the hospital in time for court 
having motivation trouble on a friday with wife absent two extra days. 
@alitron yeah. i forgot it was the long weekend. i'll be up at my mom's and spending time with family. 
@Bleuu and even worse: my parents and sister are on their two week vacation down in chincoteague that i couldnt go to at all. double 
depressed. the year 11s have now left  1. i have nothing nice to look at and 2. i have no more family members there.  ahhhh how sad.
has a sick little boy   Just in time for his birthday.
My mom printed out my workouts for the next week or so.  http://twitpic.com/5p21h  You have no idea how much I want to do real exercise.
misses her big brother like crazzzy  cant wait tille two weeks is over and he comes home!
mom says that next month i have to study for real estate. 
@ZimmerJohn I could not attend this year, my son came down with whopping cough, so I had to stay home. 
looks like vegas in august is a no-go since my aunt beat me to a vacation that month 
my mom has been back for a few hours.. i love her but man i am already mourning my freedom *sigh* 
@crazy_moon It's great that she survived the whole ordeal..I hope my cat gets better..he hasn't been eating/drinking for two days now 
This is supposed to be my big weekend and my mother can't focus on me for more than 10 seconds 
My fully, potty-independent, trained son had an accident today, but tried to be sneaky. He changed &amp; hid the dirty clothes in a drawer 
is finally gotten online after logging 200km over the last two days on errands as the family driver  http://plurk.com/p/wxz12
it's overwhelming how i'm finally catching up with my cousin/bff since i was three who i haven't seen in years. ah, memories. miss her 
uff - hard to get going today, up half the night with 6 year old son 
29 mei, missing my dad for over a year now 
my 21month daughter's seperation anxiety is intense. it's killing me. i cant leave her sight without her breaking into an anxiety attack 
Of all things good and awesome about shooting destination weddings, I'll miss my baby girl for few days.   #fb
My son had surgery yesterday so mommy and son time won't be as long today 
My poor wife.  I'm laid up for another 6 hours on doctors orders, then can't do much and she is dealing with screaming baby 
Dads should ask their 22 year old sons before drinking. 
i'm pretty bored/tried. my mom is going to be home in an hour. @kassi911 is fixing to leave. aww...  she's going to texas for a month.. 
had to give my 5 year old golden retriever away to another family today  #sad http://bit.ly/s48D0
back from taking jarid to the airport  but looking forward to meeting my new nephew in 5 days.
@thriftymommy well my daughter is 20 now...thats why I said 'I miss those days'...they go by sooo fast 
and wtf at little 9 year old wanna be thugs? ugh why can't everyone just be friends and not in cliques like back in the old days 
@steve_merchant I agree, but teenage daughter will be spending my money on the movie of their concert this week. 
i'm kinda sad of being alone all the time i miss my brother  and my friends suck i mean no one has even called me in 2 weeks
@annejsimmons Just the mother of all bad days 
my son got stung by a bug for the first time  his little finger is slightly swollen.
Is sad that her brother is having a bad day 
 my brother left me for the day now I am here by myself
pulled up @ walmart aunt got out went in I fell asleep 2 hours later.... were r you?!  lol
mom is on her way home  but yay for mother son days! she even bought some new shoes. haha.
hoping that one day i will be able to go on dates with my 26 year old boyfriend without his parents... 
@KSegIII  my cousins moved there like 2 years ago and I miss them so much. I was just looking at their facebook and now im sad  
working on diffusing that irritation but this traffic sure isn't helping  mother F! it's always real bad the days th@ i help plan stuff 
missing my boyfriend. he's gone for 2 months 
start the day by teaching my brother alone and mum go to doctor. uhh how awful 
I'm alone for the first time in almost a year... father &amp; daughter r in the mall shopping while I chose to stay as I'm feeling sick 
@AwesomeFrank awww ahah i missed you too... ilysss... i spent two days at home with my mum no cp  and then two days at my aunt's... no cp
Whnev I go shoppin wit unlimited $$ (aka my mom lol) I find nothin but when I only got $100 in pocket 4 rest of the month I see so much 
Everyone please pray for my sister shes back in the hospital  shes still sober but 7 years of drinking is getting to her
Has approximately 32 hours til she says goodbye to her family and friends for 3 months. 
I hate that 19/48 hours of this weekend are spent at job training for what I've already done for 3 years...no family party tomorrow 
I'm going to bed now...tomorrow is going to be rough, my mom, who lives downstairs is leaving for 3 months..my son is going to be a wreck 
My best friend is moving away to chicago a month from today and i'm heart broken. He's here right now in my backyard with me 
dad is off to europe for 4 weeks wont hear from him for awhile 
woooT! why this day is boring? its my aunt and grandmother's birthday today, yesterday's my uncles.... geeezh,   
it's about ten weeks too late but man i love my studio 
#FollowFriday @mattlogelin 'life and death. all in a 27-hour period' This cool guy lost his wife within 24 hours of their bub being born 
I hate half term my mum always wakes me up dead early 
is missing her boyfriend even though he is only a couple rooms away  bad night but i get to spend the day with my baby so it's all good(:
@joolie1881 I met toni and guys wife.... She's so sweet, her husband past away last week. 
@j0hnby Because my fiance gets stuck on &quot;raids&quot; all the time and I find it irritating! I'm a WoW widow before I'm even married... 
my husband is #myweakness i miss him like crazy, he's on tour promotin his music and i wont see him 4 2 whole months 
tired ... watching scrubs ...its really boring alone at home ...wanna be in vacations with my family  and see my lil 7 month old cousin 
who ordered the three days of rain while i'm taking care of my kids? i was thinking of them out at parks, not trapped in the house 
Three and a half months ago, I met the boy of my dreams &amp; now he's leaving to join the military. 
@KatiaDominos my mom has an idea about me&amp;ryan.  ill tell you if you go to church today.
The woman who bashed a peacock with a bat gets a year in jail and a  two thousand dollar fine. The bird was squawking too much she said. 
If no other job comes up in 5 weeks, I will have to work 3:30 - midnight!  No time with my husband, little sleep, little time with amelia
@NuJurzyBoricua oh no ! what happened to your car ?  its nice you get to see your friend and your dad though, its a gorgeous day today. 
My brother broke his neck this morning going to see him and wish him happy birthday 
After 5 years I'm beginning to think my relationship with @user47 is really over. I'm am now on the back burner to this new girl... 
i miss my daddy...one more month 
@arameabonita a brother in our hall died weds and his visitation is tonight, its really sad he was only 40 and has a 6 month old 
tiny little bit bored. miss my sisters and best friend... haven't seen best friend for about a year, sister1 for half a year  booo
Just found out my amazing old boss, indie business owner for 60 odd years, has been diagnosed w/ lung cancer. One month b4 his 83rd bday 
Feeling down, hadnt seen my lil brother for two years and he jus been to visit for a week and nw he has gone home and miss him loads 
I love how i haven't seen my baby cousin in 3 years and today she turns 6. 
@Debbiebarnhill I'm such a plantaholic.... I spent several thousand $s the last few years planting at my brothers lake cabin - he sold it 
@KatAragon same deal with my wife.  I feel bad, but I had to leave her with my mother -- I couldn't cancel my shoot today. 
@Sinknitty awww at least you'll be able to talk to him every night before bedtime! 6 weeks is a long time away from mama 
Cait left   we rode ponies.  I'm jealous on how she doesn't ride for 10 months and remembers everything.
@maridx yes i have, 4 test next week! my father arrived from belaruss but he didn't find the ray ban that i wanted 
@mamiesgoo the hubs bff's dad died 1yr ago. i had only met him a few times but still cried like a baby! death is a hard thing.  hugs!!!
missin my man and family  2 more weeks til i get to see them!
i miss my big sister ALOT!!! 4 more days until she comes home  i love you carebear!!!
my friend is on her plane to india  she wont be online for maybe 4 days. i miss her.
6 months and no boyfriend. 
survived day 1 of helping his sister move. 
@DonniesCupcake yess I tried that twice  man I got this like a year ago err so mad my brother trtying to fix it though hopefully he get it
my dad died this time 14 years ago. 
Finally home, really tired, kinda burnt, and I miss my boyfriend... 4 weeks and 1 day till I can see him again 
My brother leaves in two weeks. 
havent gottten to see or talk to my boyfriend in two days, im not liking this summerball thing 
is disappointed that can't poke or nudge more than once at a time. I can't flood my sister's page with pokes.  ;-) That's probably why.
i saw the worst thing to day i saw my teacher pashing her husband at the shops  wasnt a gwd site
Ugh...sad friend/neighbor/known my whole life news. He called the wedding off  poor amanda. How could he  emotional day
@vin495 the whole family was struck down with colds and fevers, yet I'm the only one that couldn't take time off duty 
@babyporridge a few weeks back I failed at making a good play doh plane for my 2 Y.O.cousin 
having a hard couple of days  find out if my grandfather lives or dies tomorrow
my best friends are going for a trip tomorrow... without me  because I have to spend two days with a doctor ... in the hospital? idk ;/
Such a sad day  I will miss you my cousin... and I'm soooooo sorry that I didn't get to know you better than I did.
cant wait to see my fam in a couple of weeks. never been away from my mum for more than 2 weeks before.. now i LIVE in another state  misu
mom's gone. i already miss her  but in week and a half she'll be here again so.. yay! happiness again xD
@Footballwife i told kaykay i wouldn't be able to afford it. with all the weddings in the family this yr plus job hours might be cut. 
my sister and nieces are downstairs! i don't wanna say hi cause i know i'll spend an hour with them and i just dont have time  i &lt;3 them!
@LadyAena *hugs* I didn't know your dad died 2 years ago. 
My husband is working away for 5 weeks  ... our first time a part as husband and wife...
I love meeting people here.. talked to the security guard this morning and found out he has no family and only gets 4 days off a month 
Is sad his girlfriend is moving in four days 
Spending the day with my bff @tchapman85. She's leaving me next week and taking my baby with her 
@sheszladii Have a good time girl! The church we usually attend burned down a few weeks ago 
On tge plane to visit mom &amp; dad - 6:30 am departure  Not as painful as the email I got this morning...
On the plane to visit mom &amp; dad - 6:30 am departure  not nearly as painful as the email I got this morning...
@ddlovato I know how it feel miss a friend..I cried for her 2 days ago 
Ugh, first day off with husband in 2 months, planned picnic in park, I wake up with sore throat 
Saying bye to my brother as he leaves for florida for two weeks 
Home with a sick daughter this morning 
is going to revise for maths again my mum'll be flying to prague soon  i miss  herrr! stuck with brother+dad for a week.. oh joy. :| paha.
bummer...just missed out on an air compressor my hubby wanted for father's day at target.   sold out already.
@kaay well i was a douche and didn't make a trip to the family pharmacy yesterday. IDIOTT 
i dont get to go to the movies now cause my friend went out of town 4 about two days and i might be goin to a barbaque!!!!!!!! 
working on a nice day again and have a mega sick girl friend 
I only have until thursday to spend time with my best friend. I'm going to miss him so much! &amp; I'm going to be in tears 
Saying goodbye to your child for two weeks really doesn't get any easier 
My 4 year old nephew fell down today and broke his arm I'm 2 places 
@kelseyraeALLday i have gay wow at 7 until 11 my time, then to the gfs because i think i have to work with my dad in the morning 
@schtimpy27 my dad an i have been battling something all week 
roberts packing for surgery. preparing for a week without my brother 
My family is leaving on Wedsday I am going to be sooooo lonely for the next couple of months 
ugh i really don't want to go meet this dudes family. i wanna go train. blah for off days. i feel useless. 
I wonder why 4 years ago, when i'm takin my o's, my mum didn't set aside chicken essence and breakfast. And this year, my bro gets it. 
my mom decided she was going to feed me sape ribs she burnt for 2 hours past the cooking time. they were gross! 
wow. best friend is moving. have to put in my 2 weeks. he doesnt like me says austin. NMBIR. wow. life is great. 
Spending time with the family....hope everyone enjoyed the weekend, I had a busy one, didn't make it to my bff's son's graduation party 
The wife and the boy are going to be gone for 3 days. 
@aimeejaybird hey babes! my dad leaves for cali in 19 days! but i won't be joining him.. some stuff arose.. and i have to save my $$$.. 
going to sleep after a fabulous weekend with my family. 5 more weeks of maternity leave 
deciding whether to go to turf for post wedding show or a quiet evening with the husband before he leaves for a month of tour 
so it is a really sad time when your own mother ATTEMPTS to do the stanky leg 
@sophie_twits yeah my dads uncle died today he was soo funny told jokes all the time  prostate cancer
My grandmother goes in to surgery in 4 hours 
Staying at my brothers for a couple of days so i can relax and revise in peace for my exams starting on friday 
@pottymouthmama @emjaystar @littlelottiell @theburgerman @amyzing hubby almost died a month ago- got hit by a 24 tonne truck. not happy 
Hating the thought of hubby being gone for 10 long days 
My coworker's 28 year old daughter has cancer..advanced stage...sad 
just watched my son leave with the 7th grade beach trip and he will be gone for 3 days, I cried. 
I find it sad that the first time i'm going to church since last summer is for my best friend's ex-boyfriend's mother's funeral. 
@MOSSBERGDABEAST Not Really  but my weekend was cool though - spent time w/ the younger siblings and an older cousin.movies and out 2 eat
he has become like another son to me... I predict a bawl fest happening in about an hour 
@nicmarhob Next week but she's pretty sure she didn't make it 2 the &quot;finals&quot;  There were couples with 700+ votes n my sister had only 200+
in columbus, ohio for the week for training. missing the husband and our new house! 
going training son with my sister, have to spend alot of times with her now cause she moves on sunday  :'(
@Katynhaa my dad went on an army tour for 6 months and we were hoping to go see him for a month but we cant  xxxx
@docstrange No, I do not actually  This was a theoretical plan before said friend went away for a month, but never came to fruition.
last week at hologic  so i brought in bagels for my lucky soon to be ex-coworkers!! mmm
My little 2 year old daughter is sick  I hope she gets to feeling better!
bored out of my mind. I miss my daddy already  another 4-6 months to go
aww man time to wake up and get to movin got to pick my lil brother up from school  why couldn't he be on summmer vaction to?
My little baby boy is wearing his first 6-9 month outfit. He's growing too fast  (He's 4 1/2 months)
One woman said that she should be the one who gets the 44 dollars a month because she has two of his kids!how sad 
 i miss my sister i hope this week goes by fast!
1.5 days without hearing from boy. awesome 
Going to my moms to spend time with my brother before he leaves for the whole summer tomorrow 
tomorrow baby will be 16 months old! they grow up so fast 
finished reading my sister's keeper. my face will be bloated for the next few days. any remedies? 
I just talked on the phone with my 3 and 1 year old cousins..theyre so friggin cute. I miss them 
Missing my hubby  I hate when he's away for a long time...nights are so lonely all alone once the girls are in bed.
All that time visiting my mom in the hospital and no wifi. 
met the jonas brothers 10 months ago today....    i miss them
Talking to my 5 year old son on the phone, he's sooooooo cute! I miss my kids so much. 
I haven't gotten to see my boyfriend in 2 days, and he's not answering my texts. This is depressing 
@grohac I pnwed my sister four times in one evening whilst on vacation, she didn't want to play with me anymore. 
I have a feeling this is going to be a long month of fighting the state &amp; insurance agencies to keep my son's services going. 
I really want to play xbox but the family is watching a movie they've watched ten times this week already 
has had fun today...but wants to be home spending some time with the family. Only 4 more days...then graduation. It's a little sad.  
i haven't talked to my sister in like two months. 
my hubby is gone for 3 weeks!! 
roar my friday sched is sad  six more days. yay uncle noel is coming home! happy birthday mom! haha random.
@JonathanRKnight The summer b4 my senior yr of hs...my mom was diagnosed w/melanomia cancer then died 4 months later...you never know 
 my dad lost the N85 i gave him (only 2 months old)
hardcore bummed out right now.  missing ktw and my dad. june's a hard hard month for me.
@trstfndbby There's no hiding from my parents -- they get the bill every month 
@ASBFOREVER yeah n that was 16 years ago tht we gave him away but it feels like it was just yesterday n my friend is making it even worse 
our friend's 90-year old grandfather got hit by a car while crossing the street a few days ago in hawthorne.. may his soul rest in peace. 
just ate an drank and talked with my dad. havnt seen him in over a year. I feel lovely. but my tattood wrist hurts  looks pretty though.
@saritaonline awww that's sad.  how old is your daughter? mine's 12 and the longest we've been apart is 2 months.
no school for me today because my father goes to south-korea for 3 months 
how i wish a friend of mine had a megaupload account i can borrow for couple of hours 
My ten year old cousin told me i can't be trusted with scissors so he took them off me Lol 
i'm gon miss my lil' crazy niece for 8 days &amp; 9 nights... she's gon' be in the Philippines..  
Just said bye to my hubby for 6 months 
oh no my poor nephew fractured his left hands and iz now with cast and would have to for 4 weeks!!  poor babyy 
omg the whole family spent so much this month 
My friend was visiting me for 3 days. She just left and I feel just a little empty  and also needing a cigarette.
going to cookville for my granny's for 2 days for my granny's visitation and funeral 
@vitorpbalan I had a normal day, except meeting my friend's brother, he's cool! ^^ . And here is 11: 10pm and very hot! I can't stand it! 
I've been without internet for only a couple days, but I'm starting to get upset.  I got shit to do, son. 
sad cuz my dog is dying  ive had it since i was 5 years old which makes her about 125 in dog years... she lived a good life
In four weeks I can go for vacation back to switzerland for two months, to see my father and friends... but I will miss my girlfriend 
three days until my bestest friend leave for a month! 
is missing her sister's b-day dinner cause my client's are too demanding of me 
some days i miss my mom so bad it make me feel physically sick 
@princessroro lol romy! He was like 2 years old! But his mom kept pulling him by his arm all rough...ugh 
@Courtneymartin omg! I'm so sorry! I know how you feel, my cousin killed herself last month 
Missing out on a bonfire put on by my best friend that I haven't seen in weeks. 
my nieces are almost 4 and 2 years old..which makes that extra creepy 
Nothing going on about the car  But life moves on...2 more months til my husband comes home!!!!
hmmmm i wana go to the after ball ...but my parents wont let me 
gon' drop my brother &amp; his fam to da airport soon. gon' miss my lil' niece for a couple of days..   
It's tiring being sick, and I have to take days off for family matters.I'm not looking forward to get back to my hometown this time  duh.
I'm sick  and I need to feel good tomorrow I have a family celebration and I wont to see my cousin. I didn't see him like 3 month 
finally getting car fixed today or tomo. hope i don't lose my job over this past couple weeks 
@xpd259 can't get photo  wife faffing with dustpan/brush, weeds gone, tarmac visible for first time in years
my day plans have been changed...daughter is sick 
@HONEYMATTHEWS It goes... A little tired... helped my boy and his wife... who is 7 months pregnant... move yesterday... A little sore!! 
is missing my friend!  its been 2months now....but...hes following his dreams!
getting some breakfast and getting my son ready for his last 2 days of school  I think I may take a nap and color my hair. touch up time!
@garethjsmith  don't ask,,packing grandkids stuff they moved back home after 3 years of live here w/me &amp; hubby  not so good of a day 4 me 
Really wishes i wasnt so tired. All i wanna do is sleep but i work 5 more hours and then have to babysit a maniac 2 year old boy 
what a crazy morning...emergency doctor visit for my hubby 
My brother has the beginning stages of pneumonia. 
Going to see my new wee cousin for the first time  a month old and i still havent seen her 
@biffco im not doing it anymore  the girls in hospital with her mum so she hasnt had any time to practise the body paint on me
@dianabananax he's been hot for a couple of years now haha poor william lost his looks 
@karenabad I got rear ended 2weeks ago and the dude that hit me, his insurance company is trying to fuck me over and I'm just stressed. 
@YrbkladyCarla I wish... I am just takig him to the train station.  what's your schedule like next week?my mom, sis &amp; grammy come monday!
so upset about not being invited to blood brothers  especially as they kept it from me  No one wants me at there days out XD 
Thinking about my 9 month old son. The doctor says that he will need to get tubes in his ears. 
My 15 year old sister is a spoiled brat. She's home &quot;sick&quot; and instead shes hogging the computer  and she never does any chores which  ...
's so bored + lonely.  the weekends are the worst with the husband gone.
@Sylvy78 yeah  my cousin passed away, a total tragedy hun. If you come online one of this days I will tell you  so sad.
sitting have a few drinks with my mum after a stressful and strange week 
Not a good day...they gave my uncle six weeks. 
is awaiting the sad news about her granny as all the family have been called to the hospital tonight , just a matter of time now 
Dying to work on a project of mine with a good friend. He's no-where to be seen these days tho 
All really quiet on fostering front at the moment.  We've not been offered 1 child placement since our last one a few months ago.  
could yall pray for me and my family this weekend. the weather man is callin for very strong storms. and from a child i have been scared 
Watching big brother live...i said i wouldn't watch it this year  it has sucked me in already 
i just want to be, the happy girl that i used to be about two years ago. 
at my cousins house with no cousins man this is whack  I miss them already just 3 days ago they was here.
So sad. A little missing 5 year old was found dead near the river my family owns.  Who could kill a helpless little girl?!
oh and my dad's friend passed away today.  i'll hopefully be making a day trip up to erie  for the funeral.
@SirBarley i plan to harass daddy this weekend! mommy's studying on sat &amp; working on sun so no time to go to park like usual. 
this time older brother drew 0-0  it was a good game
My mother forgot to warn me that it was negative 12 outside and to dress warmly.  Ive had cold chills and goosebumps for the last 3 days!
tomorrow marks the one-year anniversary of my family's tradegy 
esterday wasn't a great day..my best friend's parents met with an accident! I feel so freakin' bad for her! 
Yesterday wasn't a great day..my best friend's parents met with an accident! I feel so freakin' bad for her! 
hates being stuck at the new house with the worst migrane I've had for months. . . 
Visiting mother and siblings in-law today; haven't seen them in a few weeks 
Taking my boy out for dinner before he takes off for europe for 3 months 
off to equestrian shop with wife and daughter, payback for all the times i drag them in to bike shops   
@HannahLouWalker Ahh you lucky thing! I havent seen my family for ages  Its my leaving do on thursday week...
@stinginthetail hes been talking about it for a couple years  - doesn't help that others around him are in or ex that he talks to
I am still waiting for my little niece of nephew to be born....he/she is already a week late! 
Is there going to be any escaping big brother for the next ?? weeks.. 
bank and then helping a jewelry daughter w a show. she is having a rough time 
@issie07 aww  at 15 yr old boy died about 3 weeks ago 
last nite at mother/daughter dance was so fun. but sad. graduation is 1, ONE week from right now.   
Just told my cousin bye,he leaves for basic training tuesday 
Just told my cousin bye,he leaves for basic training tuesday 
Trying to get ready to say goodbye to my little girl for a whole week! 
gah, relatives want to drive all over the place...looks like I'm in for spending much of the day in a car 
oh, hey everyone, just woke up by my one year-old cousin and brother screaming in the living room. 
@shaunarawrr_x it always happens to me..the eardrops usually work, but theyre not this time  my dad says he's bringing me to the doctor.
I had planned to code all day but my wife had other plans 
Home alone (wife &amp; 2 daughters are off to scrap booking class) ... time to continue cleaning the garage 
@mom2boy I know...getting ready to leave now...it's 2 hours from here 
i had a dream i lost my 7 month old nephew in a mall and i wouldn't let myself wake up till i found him...but i didn't  ...i sadly woke up
@stephenfry A reply from you would really make my week - have to give my dog away because he's too vicious around my nephew 
dropping off my brother...he's leaving for a week 
@wantit  I once contacted a friend I hadn't talked to in ages and asked after her, making a joke about his name, and he'd died that day!
another two weeks without her dad 
I can't believe how much of a good daughter I was this week while they were gone. That just goes to show I'm getting old 
At the dogpark, our eldest (11 years or so) kept fighting with a husky. We had to go to the unoccupied &lt;25lbs side  No playtime.
My sister's pet of 14 years has passed away, 
i still cant believe my dad is leaving tmrrw&amp;is gna b gone for 6 weeks 
just heard that a friend of mine lost her baby this morning. feel v sad now 
didn't catch a single fish. my 2 year old brother caught the biggest of the 3 fish we caught. i'm the only one who didn't catch anything. 
@KatieATL my stepmom went to the concert last year and cries during his speech and ALBL 
This day has been horrible  but now I have to go cheer for my cousin at her pageant
@sophiemcflyx awwwh  did he move out?  my brother has gone to spain for 10 days  
My mom just fucked up my whole night. I can't go to my bestfriend's house.  6 more months &amp; I'll be grown, can't tell me nothin'!
 my little brother is going to france for 6 weeks 
@IamBereccaT ah wknds are lame  plus I can only contact a friend of mine during the week  but yeah stuck in a house with parents (N)
@txcranberry i am not following kentucky any more havent been for 5 days cause he tells songs and friend just twitted another song 
my brother still sick , and he've to stay in bed for 7 days! he can't do anything! i'm so sad 
my hubby is gone for another two weeks.. being a military spouse is definitely one of the hardest job in the world!  
horrible day!  I'm so upset fuck this no plans but be with my sister woo woo going to see the baby aww hope he doesn't give me a hard time
now my mom has to stay in the hospital for 5-7 days 
@Javamomma I have a lot of work to spend the weekend with  Not too bad though, we had fun yesterday at cousin's wedding ;)
Just found out the house will be a couple more weeks. Trying to find motivation till then. 
@mom_07 I really miss those days...it was all so simple then. 
five dollar foot longs and babysitting nico because the aunt and uncle went on a date.  what a great saturday night.
Kamloops wasn't as hot as it was last year, but my brother couldn't finish his bike race because he was having breathing issues 
My middle daughter just turned 14 yesterday.  had a nice family dinner minus one because the poor little guy was sick. 
Is happy yet sad. In less than a week my big sis will be here... but in less than a week my girl child is gone for the summmer 
Today I met a 81 yr old man who regaled me with tales of his career in aerospace 45 years ago. But 30 min later he couldn't remember me. 
I told a girl that I was extremely disappointed in her today. I know her mom, and have known her for years, too. She's started smoking. 
my mom put a fuckin dead bird in the frige   where the hell did she get a turkey this time on year ?
i hate being treated like i'm 10 years old by my mother and not letting me go out 
oh where oh where can my baby be? the lord took her away from me  good and sad song memories of year 8 camp/hike nearly died that day lol
Wondering why so many convos of marriage and kids are coming up. When did I grow up. I couldve sworn I was 10 like a year ago 
@GallusChick my son did the same 2 hours ago 
Just finished a bowl of cereal, then my dad told me the milk was 2days out of date! 
reports that his grandmother will probably be headed for a hospice this week. 
really has had a shiity week! n just when I thought it couldnt get any worse..I'm told of a death in the family! 
My babys gone for the next 2 weeks ill never be a good army wife 
Trying to get over that my mom will be gone for 3 months 
is so sad james is leaving  only 12 more days.. and incredibly sunburnt.. i'm SO red, and my mother screamed when she saw it.. woooo 
LOL is so sad james is leaving  only 12 more days.. and incredibly sunburnt.. i'm SO red, and my mother screamed when she saw it.. wooo..
@yeelam yeah i hv a album wif my family ^^ , yes  dont like school i have 10 hours tomorrow   i know your brother ^^
won't be seeing his sister for 16-18 months 
in agony with my hip  my 2 year old nephew and his mum are staying tonight. them &amp; my mum are at a bbq now
@SkaPunkPezzy Shiiiiiiiiiiiit sorry about yesterday; I was over at my friends' house and we all passed out for several hours 
@tommcfly when are you coming to spain? i've been a fan of yours for 5 years now and i've never been able to see you guys live  x
@tommcfly when are you coming to spain? i've been a fan of yours for 5 years now and i've never been able to see you guys live  x
After years of refusal, I joined facebook. B/c my dear friend's daughter is in the hospital and she only sends updates via fbook. 
A sister doesnt have a clue how to do it adam!  bad times!
The baby tree I bought last month is dying on its arse.  I did not inherit my father's green fingers 
I have to give up my bed for 3 days! my family is forcing me to sleep in the backyard on a lawn chair  evil! evil!
is spending a couple of days at her parents as they are creaking a little more atm 
I'm soo sad my lil diva is leaving for a week. I'm gon miss my baby.  What will I do with my life.       http://myloc.me/2Wbu
 My entire family forgot my birthday this year!
have a 7 year old dog and a 14 week old puppy fighting for affection can be annoying till one of them gets bit in the shnozal not good 
my aunt has been in the hospital for like 2 or 3 days now 
@GinaATL I have a relocated aunt &amp; a couple of cousins there that I may stop in &amp; see sooner than later...once I can find another job 
found a great apartment! moving in a couple of weeks! i'm a little nervous to live alone! 
why is big brother coming on at 10 today ? i have school man my dad will send me to bed at half past 
@AlexanderBor your so lucky going home next week. next weekend I am stuck here, mum dad in france and bro away so all on my tot! 
@Sarcasticluther  but we will be bringing my atheist sister to HFASSS next weekend if that makes you feel any better...
I wish my mom would have caught me eating that donut. I don't expect good results this week. 
listening to classic rock with @nbscloset doing chingos orders, sry mom &amp; dad doesn't look like were're leaving the house 2day 
my brother and his girlfriend are coming home next week. i haven't seen them since december.. oh i miss them both sooo much!  &lt;3
@pocket_poptart my son is taller than me now. he's only 13  he's been measuring himself for the past two years hoping to be taller than me
i miss my step-family  just 10 more days.
big brother is  absoloute shit this year 
my baby girl just wokeup and crying  I miss long time sleep days
Just got a phone call that my 2 year grandson broke his leg falling down the stairs.  I would give anything to take his pain away! 
I have the worse headache, to many days without drinking mother 
hubby's truck broke down. the boys have been out trying to get it running for the last couple of hours. just what we needed 
is apparently looking for a new bridesmaid.. 15 weeks b4 my wedding 
That'll teach me for making friends with a cute boy who's getting deported in two weeks. 
@ the hospital visiting grandma  I've had better days
Feels like crying. I'll be done with my kiddos in 2 1/2 days, my sister is graduating, andni feel old and fat 
@mileycyrus I know what you mean, my dad died today, I had to say goodbye for the last time! 
Has been having a super upset stomach...I've spent more time today in the bathroom than with my wife 
@TheRealJordin It was! I just saw it a couple hours ago. It made my mom and I cry. 
3 months may be too long to wait to move..pretty sure I wont be able to stand my mother that long 
There isn't enough time in the day. I miss my brother. 
@3sixty5days I hate bad dreams. I had one once where someone in my family died and I woke up crying. It was pretty awful. 
I hate having only 250  texts a month. I get all stressed that I'll go over and my dad will get mad 
@xShortyyx well my grandpa is dying and he has cancer  so if he gets worse i have to fly over there for a week or maybe more
In a few days my friend will be moving  im gonna miss her
 having my friends drop me off was a bad idea. i miss you guys already. two months? seriously?
I'm watching bridezillas and I am so ready to get married. C'mon I'm not getting any younger. 8 years and a 4 year old daughter later 
not looking forward to working with the father next week 
i just got done talking to my white boy, whose on vacation for 2 weeks. now im bored, sad, and lonely 
@LynnaKay my son had tubes put in but since one has fallen out he has had 2 ear infections already this year 
http://twitpic.com/7g52w - i really miss my niece  i actually cant wait to go to the phlippines next year.
My aunty got light strokes few days ago, my cousins just told me.. Ouw ouw.. I never go to her place anymore.. I feel bad 
yesterday, found application form for school travel in son's bag that shd have been returned a month ago 
ewwwwy, lol!! i knw i add/email.d sum, lol; man ! my phone better start chargen! i still got 4months with it 
the nanny is finished   i finished both seasons  i wish mike had bought more  oh well txting Eilish YAY!
Last night, I dreamed that my grandpa' and my sister was about to die  Not that they WE'RE dead, but that they would die in a few hours!
my nephew is wishing good luck for the protests. even an 8 year old's concern is freedom. 
Attempting to plan my brother's grad party. We have the date and time... now all we need is the food, games, photos and a clean house. 
my swine mentor leaves for 4 months tomorrow 
Less then two weeks left for school, &amp; son is in office not feeling well, have to finish with conference call &amp; go and pick him up, 
@herbadmother My son had a peanut reaction at 18 months.  I feel for you. 
I just found out that the past 16 years of trying to understand my parents, they never reserve the same for me...  life is so trial!
saying goodbye to the boyfriend for 3 weeks 
My father's been real sick the last few days. I sure hope everything's okay. 
@AnnieOleary wow that is crazy  thats like when my dad tried to get those best of both worlds tickets 2 years ago. ridiculous.
at my dads store. sitting while in a few minutes my sis will be gone to magic spring! 
Few hours ago,my sister called saying that the network connection is noooo good 
I'm sad....I have to work so I missed the day to spend time with my sister and her family  They went off to the beach oh well
6 more days of defending myself, walking on egg shells and not seeing friends. I love it when my parents come to town. 
Question of the week: To get braces put back on for a year or not - the questions you face when your mother is a dentist  #fb
this year's father's day cds appear to presume your dad is a massive metal head. twee dads will be uncatered for 
Foulest day - son went away for 3 days, took 23 kids to sheffield and found a lump.  Where you don't want to find a lump - yes there 
how can we say to a 18 years old boy that he is not ok he doesn't have only depression we think someone did smth to him he is totally dif 
@ My twin daughters both started teething at around 7 months, now at 10 years old bless one needs their first filling 
this has been a rough couple weeks...1st my friends parents found my good friend dead at home 
I don't know what to get my dad for father's day 
@chrisMibacache lol mum wanted to say goodbye &amp; stepdad..just talks real loudly lol..i dont like being alone at this time 
ow, my big brother just arrive to my house after your vacations with your friend (: He is tired for the trip ... Not have time for us 
I just found out that my father got laid off a few weeks ago 
thinking about my mother who passed one year ago tomorrow.  drinking bacardi big apple
yes @dmcox this thing is very hard on him and his young family. The babies have to wonder where daddy is every week. That's hard too. 
i think i'm still entitled to teen angst. sure, i'm not a 14 year old boy, but my father still pisses me off and i still need bright eyes 
Oh man. I can't remember if it is today or two days ago. an old friends birthday I mean. I really miss her sometimes 
was babysitting my one year old godchild. he just left with his mommy 
where is my dad? he went to help a friend down the street get out of the flood. its been 40 minutes... 
@jgonzalez11 your senior year will suck cus your best friend won't be there ! I'll be 600 miles away.. 
He spoiled me by spending two and half weeks in bed.... now back to reality. I miss my hubby. 
@EstherK A friend of mines' wedding was just called off, weeks before the wedding. So sad. 
spend the day at lovebirds' home, and finally my cellie's gone to the doctor and expected to lose all her memories including the contacts 
can't wait to see my boyfriend on friday! were both home from college and I haven't seen him in over a month  i miss my baby!
Its been so lonely the last couple of days... I mis my fifa buddy's 
@BjSwift no vaca  cubs/sox game with my dad then going back to the woo for a couple days then moving
@jennisashark oh that sucks. does he at least like you back? the best thing is this girl has a 2month old son and is engaged!  yay!
really wish i could spend time with my dad &amp; sister this week 
i think i may be getting old... i jacked up my neck while playing with my one year old niece today... owwwieee!!  
@whoaazee we remember all the times we spent together....cuz in a couple od months you will find new friends and forget about me 
is wondering when it'll get easier dropping little man off at nursery. 2 years in and still tears from both of us 
i'm really pissed off now cause my bloody mother has said that i can't get my tattoo until im 18 now  i'll get it done this year anyway ;)
@CountryWired hi, i wish i could make it out there for fan fest. i have been wanting to go for 20 years and still havent made it. 
4 days left to spend w/ my good friends that i've known since i was a toddler. 
Just took my wife to the airport. She'll be gone for two weeks. 
Thinks that her poor baby is having really bad plane luck this week 
@onarollcozies Awww ... I don't think I have spent a full night away from my hubby in over 15 years. I would be suffering unbelievably 
i dont understand why i keep thinking about the same boy over and over again we broke up years ago but hes still in my head 
In other news, I just found out my wife may not be back a couple days   I miss her
Having a hard time getting motivated today-my grandpa passed away this morning &amp; I can't believe I no longer have any living grandparents 
2 years since my uncle died  rest in peace uncle kelly.
grrr............. my dad is going to take my phone away( I'm guessing to much texting) This means 5  years from now I'll get it back yay! 
wow... my boyfriend failed his classes for the second quarter in a row. I'm so dissappointed. 
Just said good bye to a friend for the next 2 years 
Finding it near to impossible to get to sleep this week  rubbish. I miss my wife.
feelin bad that i told my son 2 cut his mohawk bcuz we may go visit his grandmother who we havent seen in 2 years.he did but looks sad 
3 new kittens  they're likee 2 days old, &amp;&amp; they're mom abandon themm, I'm sad now.
after over 15 years....my brother is cutting his locks off today! WOW!!  
dad just got home... sister is already busy again... i feel weird... days off are strange...  you know? i miss my other half 
taking my mom and bro to the airport! they're leaving for 2.5 months 
my cousin just called, she's coming to visit for a week in august. it's been four years! i'd much rather go to ohio 
Is on her way to the quilting loft to make a memorial quilt for her friend's daughter, who lost her battle against the flu today.  
sadness. my son is staying statistically improbable with his 33% chance of getting hurt on his birthday. nothing serious but still... 
I miss senior year so much I miss ditching school to go to cue! And starbucks  miss the M's now there's a baby and a marriage lifes crazy
b man went to the doc today. he has a slight cold. he's been having a fever past 2 days. poor boy! 
Playing guitar hero. So I realized if I stop playing for like a couple months and try to play again after it's hard. I'm doing baddd 
I still think it's messed up donte stallworth only got a month in prison. he was drunk, and driving. hit and killed someone. unacceptable 
I'm going to get up in the morning with swollen eyes because I started thinking about my husband/children's father last day with us 
spoke too soon. son #2 lost ability to put on same jumper coat he puts on every day. so shouted. back to being bad mummy   #tweetni
spoke too soon. son #2 lost ability to put on same jumper &amp; coat he puts on every day. so shouted. back to being bad mummy  #tweetni
My wife is normal, hooray! I love her so much. Not looking forward to being gone for a week. 
idk what to do. what if i get expelled. i told myself i wont. plus my aunt passed away that same week and they think i dont care. 
... spent the last 2 days in the hospital with my dad... what a week 
@drthomasho Would love to, but 6pm daughter's swim lesson carmel hs.  one of these days!!!
My aunt has just been called me and she said to me that my grandmother had to remain joined the hospital several days 
thinks its sad that my friend who hasn't called in months hung up on me when I answered her call last night 
#haveyouever wanted to give something special to ur father on his day but u have done all?? 
@happylovesChuck I love his hair, but my mom cut it all off last week. 
@AfricanKueen87    don't think im doin much this weekend anyway... daddy n daughter time!
Today is babysittin my cousin day!! I miss someone. 
@nisemonolabs I can't today  As I have annual leave the next 2 weeks for a family wedding
6 weeks worth of super-duper painkillers for my shoulder  have to take them all day, everyday like a good girl... (i didn't before...)
My parents are divorced. 6 years. And still they fight. 
my jonas brothers cd is 2 days late!   damnnn =(
So tired out all day with mum firstly helping with my gran so sad that she looks all frail and confused 
yikes gallery owner's mother just dies.  gallery is closed for the rest of week.  
is going to cry like a little baby at her sister's recital..  she's growing upppp and i'm going to miss it the next four years :/
angry...my dad has to work for the whole next week 
my mom is so annoying. But i have to be nice or else i cant see never shout never on next week 
@theZ00kidd that's like my dad has at&amp;t &amp; i got virgin mobile  lol...what's up with parents these days?? lol
@MasterExplosive it's coming along okay, not beta ready yet, this week I am unfortunately busy dealing with my brothers wedding 
Ugh. my dad bought two truckloads of wood for next winter. il be splitting this all day  not fun!
why the hell am i watching big brother???!!! it just gets worse every year 
aubrianna is coming home sunday for couple weeks!! i miss her soo much!  she missed her sister's 2nd bday 
@bigcitydreamssx yes it is, I finally feel like myself today. Except I had to take a friend and her baby to the doctor and she got a shot 
i can't believe im missing father's day 
yo I jus thought about it I haven't talked to my mom in almost a month 
no sibs to cook for this week   I have no reason to get out of my bed - except that overstuffed suitcase I shoved in the corner
mmh , ice breakers candy is good ! i'm trying to save up to shop but i just gave up this weeks allowance cuz i owed my sister money 
About to watch my daughter graduate from 5th grade....crazy and sad at the same time 
i hope satan's asshole isn't too busy! i haven't seen my brother in over 2 weeks  c'mon court date!
http://twitpic.com/7nwiu - visited a friend some years ago... want to go there again and stay there 
Wish I had my mom today.... Just about 17 years since she's gone.... 
http://twitpic.com/7nwiu - visited a friend some years ago... want to go there again and stay 
My baby is leaving for his dad's in 2 days, and I'm feeling it. 
I think I just lost a friend. But at least I had one last good few days to remember her by. 
but i can't. they have all the control at my school, and they managed to get to my boyfriend before i could... he hasn't called in weeks 
I miss my brother!!! He's been gone 4 a week 
@beanchef mmm unfortunately ive lost my appetite. and being 3 hours away from my family no one is here to look after me. waa 
working all this week and next week  father's day on sunday do not forget your father's
@daveexplosm That sucks man  split up with mine last week, it's not fun. But life does indeed go on.
12 weeks til my brothers wedding! No motivation to work out  eating healthy can only do so much
one of my best girlfriend's is going into the army in two weeks now, it was just moved up like a month. oh sad day. 
It's birthday week for my family...and I think they might be ignoring my calls. Or having way too much fun without me 
45390 I am really disappointed that not one of my work colleagues got me a card to acknowledge the birth of my baby girl 4 weeks ago 
@kaj33 will you email my daughters &amp; tell them i'd like skyhook shirt for b-day in july--apparently they need more than a request from me 
@sleiseca very disappointing news.  father's day is more important than beer?!
My husband came down with pneumonia this week. I knew he was sick, but surprised at the diagnosis. He's still miserable 
is sad that she can't meet her bf for lunch because her boss came back a few days earlier from his trip... sob... 
my brother has just gone into hospital for the first time to get four teeth ripped out  poor bugger!!!
I just saw a guy get handcuffed. it was so sad cause all his 6 year old son could do was watch him  i wanna cry for him   
getting ready to leave for the southside festival. worried about boyfriend's puppy having a seizure thousands of miles away 
@MariaLKanellis im plotting to kill my brother hes 27 years old &amp; he still lives with me and dad &amp; yeals at me 4 whispering on the phone 
@jackalltimelow @adaytoremember feel better i love u  its jacks birthday his penis is still that of a 3 year olds though nothing personal
omfg brandon boyd D: D: D: the ugly took over   my teenage years are ruined
@shanedawson your father's day video was very touchy...made me cry a little 
Me &amp; my mom haven't talk for almost 3 days. 
oomggggggggggggggg..today ill watch the last episodes of how i met your mother season 4   and theeeeeen.. wait
its my mom's birthday today..i just emailed her a while ago..so whats up kidds? i miss someone so much  i cant smile....
dissertation in...change of clothes and off to sign my contract before hospital appointment - i thought days off were for relaxing?! 
just checked mums email account, my youngest cousin sent her an email a few days ago asking her to come back to us 
@Jnyflower damn, serious? i've been on my reception girls for 2 months about that package...  emailed the itssokrucial.tv address
@BatgirlBob I know, very upsetting!  Not the best start to the day... luckily managed to recover contacts but pics of my cousins are gone 
Oddly enough I've really missed my mom this week. 
so jealous that my mom and sister are going to ny for 4 days  sooo many people I could visit!
5 days til prom and my mother is having to change my dress for me. 
says mom and dad went to the hospital. I hope nothing bad will happen.  http://plurk.com/p/11xnss
@twinklybee last week we stopped at a chip shop that I moved away from about 8 yrs ago. The woman who runs it still recognised me 
i hate my mother! just want the weekend to come quicker!! 
my mom makes me feel bad about wanting the coffee toffy twisted frosty that she promised me like 2 weeks ago. 
Cleaning and looking for my sister's missing hamster  I'm scared I'll find it dead. It's been gone for weeks!!!
@ClashCityCo i have bad news  due to the frusteration and anger in this past week I am escaping to my apartment with my boyfriend
Studying for my last two finals of sophmore year! All my friends are at @marydauley 's house 1 minute from me 
 its really depressing that my baby sister never wants to spend time with me when im moving out in 3 months
the last month has been a nightmare i miss my brother 
the last month has been a nightmare i miss my brother 
@wakachamo @SonicThrust @Kouneli lmao I dunno  my mom said it's from all the rain but ugggh, I cut it like 5 days ago x.x
Godam father's day...can't think of anything  #fathersday #fb
Is leaving the orthodontist unhappy  These braces are not coming off next month as planned!!!!
My mom might be having the baby early  she's no due till july 11th and the doctor says this week 
One of the most boring days of my life today. I sat, ate and played the ps3. I guess my friends were too busy recovering from last night 
@GrazzyBear babysitting (n) damn fathers and their days! I heard you were off to see transformers!?  lucky bitch.
@HEMSTHEBEAST nothing @ work  lol you know ur sisters birthday was yesterday?
bye bye highschool  grade 12 is over, even though i'm going back next year (maybe) - its still sad cause my friends are gone
@hoesoverbros yenymt is my cousin she's been coming w/ me 2workout but she traded me formy sis 2day 
He is not the kidnapped 2 year old boy after all.. how sad for both families  http://bit.ly/vpO2Z
I'm going to see my sick friend west. He stayed at my house a few days and now he's sick. I say it was the mold! 
hopes visitting hours arent over- my dad's in the hospital with blood poisoning 
I feel bummed coz I mite not go to waterton nxt month w/ my family 
@jshowns heeey blondieee!! how's the girlfriend?? havent seen you in years muffin 
An old man like me shouldn't be so broken up over having to give up a cat. But I am. 8 years is a long time. I miss the meows 
The boyfriend came over n we talked about everything,I have some problems michael skits out today n attacked mum 
My nephew broke his leg today  he's 2 yrs old
it's been 16 days and still now word from my missing son 
wow, wife's weds surgery w/complications.  grandpa passed away today.  now 5yr old is running fever. can I get a do-over for this week? 
damn my little sister is moven out of state soon now the good old days are gone what happend to our younger days getting old sucks 
@johannaharness I get you--I lost my dad last year, too. So sorry it is affecting your birthday, too--the loss itself is hard enough. 
My sister almost passed out today and i fell down the stairs rescrewing my ankle  despite that i had a good day :3 I really need sleep ...
@pinkpandafabric ouch  poor thing .. have I sent you my sister's blog? http://durhamregionbaby.com/ .. she has two .. 3.5 and 7 months
I love how my 14 year old sister has a tv in her room and I don't 
really going to miss my red lobster family. 4 years...so sad 
Unfortunately I am so very tired and grumpy that we are having a bad start. I have another two whole weeks of this single mum malarky 
spending day at hospital seeing my dad he wont be here much longer   xxxxx
last meal together before my parents are out of my sight for three days! 
its approaching father's day... i hate my dad. 
The gpa in this show has done so much for his grand daughter. Makes me miss my grandpa!  I wish he was here today!
early flight... sad wont see my sister for two months 
stupid strikes, now my daddy won't get his card until next week 
woke up couple hours ago an' helped mom in the garden. but then there's started raining.  everybody follow #peterfacinelli
Brit father dies after 12 days in coma, following attack by 30-strong local mob. What a sad situation 
mom's chicken biriyani - last time for 6 months! 
anyone awake yet? i ammm. only got like three hours of sleep.  my sisters bday party today.
i remembered telling my mom that if i keep eating during these 3 weeks, i'm soooo gonna be fat by the time i attend class.. 
 up early for dentist appt, stupid mom I'd've had all next week. This is why scheduling for me made me mad.
watching a very emotional reportage about a 43year-old mother who's got lung cancer and died...trying not to cry 
@faulko1 uni open day....had to take my brother 
its prom day for my sister  i promise i wont cry
What I meant was that my dad is the one to the far right... I miss him. 3rd year in a row I won't be able to spend fathers day w/ him 
Eeeeeppp..... 2 days to father's day.... and i'm fucked. I haven't a clue what to buy him. He's so hard to shop for.... 
Him indoors and daughter have had major row today so no harmonious household here 
i need to help my wife then get to work.. i am about two days behind and a dollar short with everything.. 
I'm home! I really miss my boy. Two more weeks without him. 
My mom said that if the house isn't spotless by next week, i can't go on the ultimate adventure 
@applevsorange @crankydragon  stupid weddings...i asked my husband for a get out of jail free card for just 1 night.
is jealous of my bestie who just moved to cali, and my boyfriend who is going there for 10 days. where is the sunshine? 
taking the twins to the doctor for a physical. they get their shots today  kindergarden here they come!!!
My aunt/savior just left to .ove back to colorado. I should have a full day of tears ahead of me 
i have to go camping tonight. usually i'd like it, but i have to go with my brother's cub scout pack. 
Loungin at the pool with my son. Last time ill see him for a month! He's getting shipped off to his grandparents! 
Off  to catch up with a friend who *just* broke up with her boyfriend of 2+ yrs... 3 months after they moved in together  Drinks? Yes.
I'm missing my daddy this weekend. He's been gone 17 years 
is sad cause her best friend chooses the boyfriend over her, last weekend here and no time spent  bringing my good day downn.
In the past week, a mouse moved into my dad's grill. And had babies. And we had to move them.  (There might be pictures later.)
@CaptainTapole i've ben yelling at teenagers in theaters to shut the hell up for years already  
@Isayhello29 I've been fightin nonstop w/ a girl I went out with for 3+ years, I just don't want something that was so great to be over 
mom bought me interview with a vampire and flowers in the attic  can't read them untill school ends though.. week and a half left 
The oldest guy died. 113 years old and 53 grandchildren  haha i dont know why this is relvent at all
So, my girl friends want to hang out tonight since it's my last night to be social for several weeks, I just don't wanna go to a club 
back hurts  got a new dress to wear to my sisters graduation next week! 
i cant find anything for my dad for father's day.....   
been in the hospital all day with my grandpa  things aren't looking good...
I just realized the fourth of july is in 2 weeks...I'm pretty sure my brother won't be home anymore...for my bday either.  
realise it is over a week since I actually spoke to someone except for my family and work! This is robotic 
i'm very upset for the past few days, i want to go to the wake of my bf's aunt.... don't know what to do. 
@KarinaGarcia from a friend. its been like this for about 3 days 
is fake baking for the next 3 weeks to even out tan lines for my sister's wedding...not a big fan of it at all. 
Waiting to hear back about husband's interview today. 6 months with no job yet is really stinking.  
@peanutparrot sorry I couldn't be around for it, at my mom's house for the weekend 
How can you tell a 3 year old no after he says 'Can you play catch with me?' b/c his baby sister has to be fed... 
Even though there was a couple scares...I'm glad my sister made it through the surgery ok today  ily
just broke up with her 1 week old bf!! 
It's Offically over no more new kids concerts  so sad!!!!!!!! lol haha had the time of my life this week!!! met so many great grls ~love~
Not gonna see my best friend for two months!! 
Its someone is my family's birthday today i just cant think of who. And i cant sleep. 
thinks my boyfriend of 2 years has just left me 
gotta be proactive now- visit opticians at 9, then hunt for father's day prezzie with mum. Already had 2 busy days, what's one more? 
picked my brother up from the airport, was for weeks ins new york, but his bags didnt arrived yet....bouuu all my presents are in them 
I kinda miss my dad.  it's really weird that he hasn't called for days.
my brother is on sport camp  He left me for 1 week!!!! 
my dad just stormed out the house :S great my days starting to be a shity one  ...x
have to go grocery shopping with my boyfriend and his mom in 2 hours still havent slept 
booo. my 11-yr old sister's leaving for finland for a month in 5 days. 
My baby sister is all grown up.....  I miss the days of her pigtails and driving her around.....
bored to death.. i'll be stuck with my facebook addiction for the next couple of days.. 
@JakeJonesphotog we ended up going. by the time my brother in law was free/available it was past midnight and the clouds had rolled in. 
Just got word that the cancer claimed my uncle overnight. Just  over two months after it claimed my aunt. 
Even my mom never yelled at me. At least its been years since the last she did  http://myloc.me/4DSj
forgot how much i loved mysterious girl ! Not played this song for years! Makes me feel old though. 
I have no idea what to get my pops for father's day!   
stuck inside cleaning all day with my mom before my family comes next week. it's so nice out too  then city tonight to hang out with jim
my mother def just blew me and syced me all at the same time...no more piercings 
I really wish he didn't have to go to work... I haven't seen my husband for more then 10 min in over a week... 
going to my grandpa's for father's day.. nothing to do over there though 
Just got news someone tried to murder my uncle in kenya  shot three time, in hospital, lost a kidney... so scary
my dad will be on a business trip on father's day 
Ugh. I've been craving mac n cheese for a week. &amp; my brilliant mother forgot to get it when she went to the store yesterday 
 another father's day weekend I don't get to spend with my dad..
A young woman who was standing aside with her father watching the protests was shot by a basij member. She died 2 minutes later 
I'm beyond upset that two of my bff's left today for college  two weeks and then i can see them for a visit!!
2morrow father day ...miss ma dad 
Just got home, and can't wait to be home  I got 20 working days. I hope! I miss my wife and lil boy!!
my sister tells me they've played in carbondale a few years ago...before i even knew who they were. shame on me  they need to come back
8 thousand kms away from my dad.. 
I'm riding 2 hours to bury my grandfather. I don't like funerals and all other actvities involved. 
Split up from my wife.....this is a tough week..... 
@theogmizzark your lover boy said he was gonna come today, but I haven't spoken to him in like 2 days. So, I don't know anymore.  lol
...died this afternoon far to much to take in all at once and im away for 3 weeks so cant be there for my uncle cousin or dad as comfort 
an early father's day present.  Pictures with my daughter.  Only problem, we have to wait for them to be developed.  
Tucker has to stay with mom a few more days, he's not feeling well 
time to go out, I forgot to buy my father's gift 
My friend got her dual citizenship passport - the same week I was denied due to a small technicality - still pursuing on a new front   
@bloodpurple my father passed away years ago...   
@dwick29 bugger  lol I'm lying in a bed with my 9 year old sister. He needS to tweet to keep me entertained she won't sleep 
Boyfriend is at a wedding all day long 
My poor puppy was in surgery all day... She does not look like a happy camper! 
@ddlovato heartbroken   i lost my girlfriend yesterday. we were together one years ;(
is &amp; AT&amp;T getting his dad and sister new phones. The wait is over an hour  blahhhhhh
@missstonewall haven't spoke to chubby all day!  he doin the family thing. shouldn't you be keeping me company? bestie
had a great 2 week vacation with her boyfriend. now he is gone and I am lonely 
@christianwilson they were all out  my case will remain phone-less for 7-10 days, but think I can get my old # w/o messing up dad/brother
had so much fun at the lake with family. now I'm going to have to pay for it with my ugly scarred elbows  2 days till the walk!!!
I want to go for a walk but mum isn't sure about walking me and my puppy friend at the same time. 
in a matter of hours i will be on a plane ... missing my wife and kids ... it is hitting me that i am leaving them behind 
trying to find a little red wagon for my dad for father's day lol...toys r us had them but were to exspensive 
Playing monopoly with my little sister,,, she's winning I think  my longest at playing monopoly was 4hours  what's ur record?
Wish my dad was still alive so I could get him a funny father's day card 
My mum's abandoning me for a whole month... damn her 
@JoeJxFlyWithMe yeah well the only person that would go w/ me is my 12 year-old cousin who's mom def doesnt have the money 
My husband plays poker all day long. That's all he does 
Going to drop my girlfriend off at the airport. Only a couple hours left  long distance is the hardest but pays off in the end.
@lilisiah05 spending time with my fam and noo im not a father..... 
@GIWP I was there today and I totally agree that it was awesome, BUT..me and my son couldn't get a inter tube until almost closing time. 
Just got home from a father's day dinner.. It was nice, but my sunburn still hurts really bad.. and i think its almost as red as a tomato 
i feel so bad, sad, upset. i got sick my little &quot;friend&quot; of the month for the second time this month and now my friend is mad at me. 
 #1son is up getting sick. The poor guy hasn't been feeling good all day.
I physicially feel ill thinking about the fact that I won't see my husband for 6 more months 
@lalavazquez have fun, sad for me my husband has to work, therefore my father's day plans are ruined!! 
the last 3 nights have been awesome! and i hope my little brother didnt break his foot 
daddy day card. artist's block. 
@Momsmostwanted her umbilical cord fell off since she was 7days old... but it suddenly started bleeding...  and my parents are out
@MattCowlrick :: yupo  I caught it from my father. He's been coughing all over the house for days... Now the whole household is ill lol!
@Kinchey no   I'll be with my dad in north jersey for father's day. but I'll be wishing I were with you guys!
mum leaves in a couple hours 
can't wait to see her momma on monday...but wishes she could be in texas with the family on father's day.. 
i wish my dad was here for father's day 
what are you supposed to do when the guy you've like for 4 years is partying with you but now he has a girlfriend?  lol
It's father's day  ...the sad face is me and breckin
feels sad coz i have to leave my family again for 1 week...  http://plurk.com/p/12mopy
@DanevO i asked him 4 help 2 get my father's day gift  he had a 3 weeks 2 get it to me, plus i reminded him to bring when we met up yest
just celebrated father's day w/o my dad 
is kinda mad her dad ran outta town for father's day weekend! 
I lost my favourite little boy today, my baby brother. How do I eat, smile or do anything.  He was only 16 months old. It's not fair.
no father, no grandfather. what a shit day this is going to be 
Last days, last words, last hugs, final goodbyes, thankyou cards, stupid pictures and a good day with my host sister....im going to cry 
@diesel3306 i feel for you. my dad died less than a month ago, but i had unfinished business  i'm sure your dad knew how loved he was :]
i forgot to tell my daddy happy father day!! and even didnt get him something  bad daughter shame on me
@sleepydumpling  no good. went there for yumcha a last month with a friend who's half chinese and a foodie and she said it was top quality
my first father's day away from my pappy  i'll make sure its my last one by choice
has had a whole week off the bikes! looking after a child and a partner recovering from surgery is not leaving me free time to ride 
@herojaejoong oppa, my daddy have to work far 5 years. i will miss him so much. what can i do now 
@TVXQUKnow oppa, my daddy have to work far 5 years. i will miss him so much. what can i do now 
Going to spend father's day with my finance's dad because I dont have one  of my own   and my stepdad has his own kids
my last twit was about 4 days ago!  internet is down @ dad's. so am currently @ mom's plc. back home at dad's by tuesday evening, i guess.
@sunnysunnysunny Aw. I'd die if they run away  *hug* @nansan No, thank heavens. It's the son of my old dog, the one that died 2 years ago.
we told our son we'd bring him to funtown w/ friends in lieu of a big birthday party this year.  had to postpone twice now.    #rainsucks
Going to the diner one last time with my sister before she leaves 
Missing my daddy today. Some days i feel further away than others. 
@ShepherdGirl me too...hard to believe I've been without my dad for 17 years (about half my life to date) 
i'm a bad daughter, i didn't get my dad xmas or bday presents this year and i forgot it was fathers day until it was on the radio.. 
@teemwilliams i have to look after a lad who just lost his dad a few days ago. 
I wish I could say the same for my own father.............. it's days like today that depress me the most when it comes to him 
it's been 5 years and it's still stupid hard.  i miss my dad.  he was the best guy in the entire world.  
 sad face.  father's day and i'm a thousand miles away from my dad.
I miss my dad  5 more days!!
This morning my daughter asked me if I hate my life.  
i will be stopping by the cemetery to visit my dad today ... wow its been 12 yrs 
I'm experiencing 1 of the most lonliest days of this year and my life..   I miss my dad so much. oh well i spend time with some1 else dad
http://twitpic.com/80bkt - my dad brings home a stack of chocolates just when i can't eat sweets for a month. 
Wish i was at home so i could take my dad out for father's day 
@fitzDJ thank you fitzdj. a sad  day for me as my dad passed away a few years ago 
@KimKardashian I know what you mean.. I lost my dad 2 years ago.. I still can`t get used to the fact that I`ll never see him again.. 
happy father's day dad, even though i haven't seen you in twelve years 
sad that the fam isn't coming up until next weekend now  happy father's day, dad!! ( #squarespace )
I an awoken by my father with a razor coming at my face. I fear my bum days may be coming to an end 
honestly feels like she hasn't spoken to her best friend in about six months 
@alexalbrecht i can't my dad died when i was 2 years old  im 43 now
I really wish i had the money to go home for my cousin's wedding next weekend. 
happy father's day! my dad lives in new york so if anyone wants to hang out at some point today, let me know. i miss my dad 
can't make it to @JLanciano18's grad party cuz i'm spending the day with my dad and then working 5-8, sorry 
soooo exhausted. :| and I wish my parents didn't live 6 hours away. I miss my dad! 
My parents are horrible people for having this man redo our kitchen floor on father's day. 
sad that i don't get to see the boyfriend for another two weeks... 
@lishiemcfly : haha I missed the most recent season  &amp; I'm going to my aunts house for the week while my dad stepmom &amp; sisters are here 
shawn (brother) had a wreck 2day 
Best friend is in surgery :/ i dont get to see her till next week 
have to babysit my little brother all week 
loving spending time with my sister and her son.  I walked the dogs and then went to the pool.  Also nursing a hurt neck and shoulder. 
I miss that family so muchhhhh. I miss my 23 year old buddyyy  but oh well. I still k.i.t. with his cousin! 
For the first time in years, I actually miss the father I had before the drugs... 
@JenBunnyy i read jon and kate filed divorce papers this afternoon  plus a possible custody battle...i feel so bad for those adorable kids
so so tired. giving up on the idea of gilmore girls after an hour long heart to heart with my dad. i miss him when he goes away 
having lost my daughter to a stupid virus, her dad had no one to wish him fathers days yesterday  #grieving parents
Driving half an hour away to retrieve my darling brother whom i love with all my heart from practice. Blahhh. 
wow i slept for 3 hours? and my dad still isnt home. sorry @MzLoveable124 
Just found out my brother was robbed this weekend at gun point.  scary
So this is the first evening that the kids are visiting grandma. This is going to be a really long week 
@abideedles Oh, that's awful, I'm so sorry to hear that happened to you and your daughter.  How old is she?  What a hard time for you 
my friend's mom died of cancer in the gums yesterday afternoon 
Trying to make it through summer w/o my brother.  really missin him.
@thisisryanross the kids i babysit took my phone and hid it under a plant somewhere, i have yet 2 find it and that was 2 months ago 
Having mono really sucks...sore throat, fever and 10 days stuck in my house with no work or friends 
@Jinxx_ i wanna see if my uncle can look after her for the rest of the week, i cant do this 
cannot bring myself to put the baby sister down.  three weeks is a long time.
browsing..n I miss my sister  8 years since she left us.
Me and my lil sisters two years ago..they gettin so big  (yes they are triplets) http://mypict.me/5dcc
@julibarcelona   I won't be able!  my daughter it's having a birthday party  today with her friends , anything going on next week?
@jodyWills I misss you tooo!! COme be my friend out here.. i have none  besides the 16 year old boy that I kayak with haha
morning !! cant believe my dad will be leaving back to the uk in 2 days ughhh 
2 years later.. i miss my dad 
heading downstairs for my boss's retirement party! I can't believe she is leaving next week 
Just found out a boy from my daughter's friends died last wednesday - he was only 19 years old   So sad, so very sad...
home, lonely, missing my hubby! had him for three days and now nothing 
reaaaaally hates working upstairs &amp; has to do so for the next three days. i miss my alzheimer/dementia buddies 
Please pray for my brother. He's at basketball camp this week and is on his way to the hospital with an injured ankle. 
Getting grey hairs. Couldn't that wait a few years until I got a wife and some kids... 
That took entirely too long. On another note: my little brother lost soo much weight in like two days 
@rodrigdb @spudcheyne it's about 5 days since i last heard from my college dormie. i guess i mis-read him 
last years big brother was so much better  :\
 miss my bros... The music, the people that got me through all the hard days... Almost a year of my life, my heart and soul that I spi ...
@jirecords My grandmother, mother and I just made it a few weeks ago and it's all gone  It's never as good without the grandma
Here I find myself sitting up in the middle of the night with our youngest son, just before a very busy day with appointments all over 
&quot;so we're going to take advantage of you while you're here&quot; and give you 3 hours a day to leave the house &lt;-- my parents 
Home from school...this new professor is a trip, ohhhh boi 9 more weeks ta go. sigh. 
@mileycyrus awww hollywood is beautiful i was there 2 months before my mother died it was her last vacation  i love it there good memories
wow i miss my bestfriend soooo much. you dont even kno. thank god only a couple more days. a year is to long 
My cousin didn't know about my dog dying and I told her today and now its all back! 14 years wow I miss you wilbur 
dad just told me one day I'm going to get so fat i wont be able to walk  thanks a lot dad!
50 Us $ per kg, 15 kg ... That really hurts  next time no shopping to my wife.
lovin this weather, dreadin clinic appointment and annual bloods for my son this afternoon 
great. my boss' wife agrees that the classes yesterday were nuts... so much that my boss is going to yell at them next week.  I fail.
Talking to my cousin's ex-wife makes think about the pass. I miss those days &amp; the people that shared it 
a few more days till you come home  excited? very much so  then im off for 3wks  and mayb a week with the family then :S
had a very strange night making dvds for the funeral of a 41 year old woman.   I need something life-affirming...
just spent two hours with police discussing my dad's lifestyle.  ten min after getting news of my great aunt's death.  work soon. 
mum, dad and yas leave me tomoz for 2 whole weeks 
worst part about this breakup: not being able to talk to someone who has been my friend for over 3 years  I have a funny story, dammit!
A touch upset and annoyed at the fact that my 2 year old son has gone on a destructive rampage of which my fave things have fallen victim 
is wondering why his 2 year old daughter's blood sugar dropped so low again last night. 41 is too low.   
@sarahlinley me, I was officially the only one who bothered to participate, I lost 7 pounds, but I think I've put a couple back on since! 
is working and fretting that her hubby is going back to the homelands for 2 weeks - who will look after me? 
I forgot about this friend I have. We used 2 b close..then one day I decided 2 ignore her. she still txts me every few mths w/ a 
i miss my good friend. been a few days already. 
@AppraiserJenn @aviationartlife tried a gluten free diet for my daughter for 8 months &gt; very difficult &amp; no difference 
mom's packing for the beach 4 a couple days and we're not going  she shouldnt worry dad will let us get away with everything...
@MadamSalami its all crossed! just found out another friend is getting married now &amp; having a baby! when will my time come  i want a man!
Keeping my friend and her children in my thoughts today, as they mourn the loss of their husband/father who suddenly died yesterday. 
so for the rest of the summer when son goes daily to studio he wants to run also! i will be travelin next 3 days. not wokring out 
i realized i lost my rings.   my little sister made them for me 6 years ago. *cry...*
@aaronmiciah four more days my sister til the big move 
My grandma is going to be in intensive care for the next week. I hope she gets better soon 
Four more days till i get to see the girlfriend 
On leave today.. taking care of the baby. He is going to be 8 months old 
@valorandvellum sadly after 10 years of marraige peeing with the door open is common place 
@benhafner i would have to agree that @jocam is quite an amazing girl....and in a few weeks I'll be having dinner with an amazing couple 
@larrysullivan No worries on the age. You'll totally be believable as a dad figure. 
morning family!  i think i lost 10lbs.. i havent weighed myself but i can fit into these pants without inhailing &amp; exhailing troubles 
@MaggieIsAmazing Sounds exciting  I'm the single mother of a two year old and an interior designer
is at home with my loves, gonna make some dinner and spend time with my hubby and son. 
@LucasCruikshank Don't you ALWAYS make weird faces? lol have fun!! I can't wait 6 more hours bcuz my friend is going to the appearence. 
Having a great time seeing my son playing, while I drink my wine and talk to my husband for a change. I knew the day would get better! 
@ddlovato love u girl (L)... i'll see u in 1 month and 3 days  with the jonas.. i can't believe it  u're amazing ..
@danielledeleasa congratulations on the birth of ur niece. I have one she is 7 months she is awesome 
@skylineproject imovie06 was cool.  I made a couple of (1st time) videos for a my cousin's graduation and they turned out nicely.  
Fifteen, twenty years later, my brother is still wearing surf shop shirts that he's never been to 
Nothing I do or say seems to be right these days, but my mom still think I'm the best 
gosh...i'm 22 years old...an old lady!  thanks for all the great birthday wishes! it was a wonderful day! now it's bedtime!
goodmorning everyone.. jeeej  my granny is coming from surinam after 5 months.. missed her 
@thewritinglife aw sorry you over ate but glad to hear that you spent time with your sister, that sounds like a fantastic weekend to me 
Watching our gospel cocert that we hade for 2 weeks ago when my sisters are singing while i'm singing somewhere else 
For the first time in years I'm wearing tie &amp; coat in church without a bride or casket In attendance 
spending the day with my son outside 
spending the day with my sister 
@Robinae24 I'm very well thx, youngest daughter has bn hre 4 a dew days  As has my neices &amp; nephews  Its lovely hre 2 day 2 
@lilrongal chin up! mother's day is just around the corner 
My brother is leaving for camp in 2 days  haha i probably shouldnt be this excited lol
@thatonehost what are the chances of you remembering one specific auditon tape that my father in law sent two years ago? 
@industrybyrick  I'm glad to see more scene people getting involved! I will be back in the club scene in a few months
@Prycie my husband threatening to get the bbq out this week, you beat him to it 
talking to my sister on the phone , oh and also grace and her cousins called me like 50 billion times 
has it really been 10 years since columbine? thank goodness my aunt &amp; friends weren't in that school that day... happy birthday, annie 
I'm getting some work done after baby sitting my grandson all weekend. 
@suesshirtshop My youngest turns 10 this year so I am way past that stage. No more nappies until grandkids 
Getting to hang out with an old friend once enemy now friend  i love the good old days
had a great time out tonight with my sister &amp; her bf 
totally gna convince my mom to take me to minisota in 2 weeks 
talking to my girlfriend on the phone. my favorite part of the day since 12/21/05 
had the best time with her boyfriend on a cruise with the most delicious dinner and prettiest sights of vancouver  happy 3 years!
It's pretty much the best when you sit down to watch TV with a friend and end up talking for six and a half hours instead.  #friendship
@xerinfnstein As do I, my friend. As do I.. Only one month til it's out! 
today its parents' silver wedding .. preparing their present. met a really nice person last night 
http://twitpic.com/4ed1x - sleeping with my 6 weeks old puppy... she's such a little cutie. little maggie may 
lock your sons away, i'm legal in one week 
lunch with aunt&amp;cousin; then family time; then crazy homework all weekend! i can not WAIT til friday! school will be overrr! 
spending the afternoon with my little brother 
Laying in bed while my husband cleans. Yayy my break from the week  but.. He's onky doing it cuz he's going out with hsi friends l8tr
Our 5 month old son started crawling today  w00t #fb
Waiting for @joegreenv4 and my mother-in-law to return so we can eat  just nearly ate a half a pound of peanuts..
good day.  shopping with my mum and my brother.
@LocaLxLove ahh i thought u were going over summer T__T pack me in your suitcase  You'll be my bestestest friend ! DDDDDDDDDDDD
Enjoying the sound of my 5-year old son proudly humming our national anthem. 
Taking my 3-year old son and 4 yr old daughter fishing this morning. If we can some Sunnies I'll be happy 
I'm going to my friend's baby shower today  The first of 3 this summer!
My baby shower is today!  Three more grueling hours before I find out what my mom and stepmom have been up to for the past 2 weeks!
my 4years daughter has also ideas : I wish i can download the TV on my laptop 
http://twitpic.com/4htc1 - my nephew getting ready to catch at a game a few weeks ago.  
@lockylisa I'd played it for three years by that point, and most off my friends had xferred or quit. No reason to stay 
@ladyyana lol, yes my 1st son  he's 3 months so u didn't miss a lot I kept this pregnancy quiet bcuz I didn't want 2 be stressed 
Now to put my daughter to bed ready to start our week 
 my mom baught me a new promise ring ive been wanting another one since ive lost it three years ago. is says: i will wait for my beloved
my daughter announced this weekend - another grandbaby on the way   
@AaronCohen777 - time for a trip to the mother land? 
is so hungover. what a crazy night. i'm also in the bad books with mother!! 
i  miss my boyfriend so much like you don't even know ;/ but in 2 hours i'll see his oval face 
@Mommyof2girls02 I miss you too.  We'll have to get together once everything settles down in a few weeks.  Congrats on the house! 
getting ready to preach at church this sunday...first time back in over 6 months....especially for mother's day 
Me and my son just got up.  He sure does love the morning time.  I KNOW he did not get that from me. 
My younger sister flies in next week for a two week visit. So blessed to look forward to seeing family members visit. 
Recovering from my crazy family. I love them, but they ain't got it all   I only see em a couple of times a year, so I guess I can deal.
7 hours and many massages later, I can now spend time with my wife and son. It's mother's day ya'll. Don't forget to grab a gift or card. 
getting reading to head home....work on that baby quilt.....can hardly wait to kiss that bald little grandbaby head  55 days to go....
@rsxy ive been spending time w/my momma! we're celebrating mother's day for her early  ive been good! how was woodburn?
So glad to be home with my family, quite glad I get to see @iflyhighsky in a week. Lots of things to be happy about. 
had one of the greatest days ever! spent the whole day with besties &amp; celebrated installs with the friends i love oh so much  &lt;3
@greggrunberg Can you please @elazar with that? I'd love some egg +bacon +ranch +bed for giving birth 3 times in 4 years! 
my first mother's day and next one in two weeks 
having a great time with family!! big ups to my bro n sis in law for hanging out  love n peace! {be free}
@CindiCupcaking that's family for you  imna crash, woke up 630 3 days in a row....lol
@ShalondaGordon @britneyspears @mrskutcher sending you love on mother's day and wishing you more happiness in the days ahead! 
even when we're miles and miles apart; you're still holding all of my heart    4 days until jonas brothers 3d concert experience w/candice
bye guys.  happy mother's day to all mama's once again.  catch me online tom!
5 days till my birthday!! andddd mother's day which = food at nanny's which = 
3 yrs &amp; 2 months together. at this point,we're so comfy with each other,we're like very close pals..who live together &amp; share everything! 
@jmalk Something for my brother and designing a mini travel diary for myself next week 
spending the day at huegenot park with the parents and the boyfriend 
OFFLINE. heading to my other grandmother  what a grandmother-day  love you all, especially @kathibelle &amp; @ashleytisdale
http://twitpic.com/4x38e - #wheniwerealad (lass) I used to love going fishing with my dad.....The two of us some 34 years ago 
breakfast in bed and now: farmer's market, yoga.  later: picnic, movie.  it's like i get a second birthday every year now that i'm a mom! 
My daughter sent me this poem. fitting for today.  http://bit.ly/YHFg5
#1 son, altho spending weekend w his girlfriend who lives 1/2way across country &amp; he hasn't seen in months, took time to call his mommie 
using my momma laptop. for two weeks is mine. 
@phoever always nice to get together w/family. glad you had a great time. your hubby was so sweet in sending me a pic of sammie 
: just got done spending the day wit my mom. We went out to eat &amp; went shopping!!  love you mom!!!!!
I am so grateful to have my mom here visiting for a few weeks 
I wish I was out of school already!! two stinkin days!!!!! can't wait til beau eric and my mom are here on wednesday!! 
just a few more days until i see wavorly, the wedding, house of heroes, and the red airplanes. then i'll see my brother's band with them! 
I can't believe my goddaughter will be 1yr old in 2months! my lil love bug is growing up!  yet still so lil! love her
@aimizubouken very delicious indeed. i dun take curry other than my grandma's  she turned 83 last week but still kicking.
just gave my 8 year old brother a pedicure 
still in awe that my three year old niece got a better bowling score than me last night...must not have had enough to drink 
is enjoying catching up with a long (as in a week and a half) lost friend!!  man I've missed her!!
17 years for my mommy and daddy today. 
@dpburland  no, i have not i'll get there though  i'm not ugly but i hate cameras ... my dad's fault... i'll make an effort this week 
Another great day spent with my beautiful girlfriend and my good homies. 
@BabygirlSoMajor my weekend is good  my son is on the way back home to me  was by his dad
Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day  quoted from my sister's friend, ciara
my momma is graduating from college after 25 years, and im not home to see her walk the stage. love you, mom. 
just returned from teaching my son how to ride a bike again, very slow going, particularly being as he managed to snow board this year  
My wife and I are getting ready to spend a entire day with @KevinRay and @MontanaMonica engaged in some serious hardcore #propertyporn. 
Going to an art fairrrrrr. And seeing my aunt that I haven't seen in years! 
@linheems2 LINDSAY!  aww..dreaming about backpack shopping!  it's not like the rykse's have a son in the mowing business. wait 
she still has that killer smile. i used to be a fan of hers when she played in those days 
lunch with uncle mike and auntia farie? ehhh,i'm tired.  just saw a video of me when I was a day old with the kiefer family 
I came second  my brother won xD afterwards we went to se the colt at my stable  hes not even a week old, so cute :3
had theater the last 3 days  next year i play a singer/actress fighting for a main character in a musical...
my son has a super power: he can talk endlessly for hour and hours without saying a thing. I think he gets it from me &lt;/wearingmyearoff!  
I am looking forward to this summer...many trips planned with family and many relaxing days with my husband. 
6 days and ill be leaving florida to go back to indiana for 2 weeks to spend time with my family and friends 
just had a nice chat with my mom, can't wait till my vacation at the end of the month. we're going to be tourists on the island 
had a wonderful day thanks to her lovely boyfriend... 
Today I seen my mom for the first time in 9 years. I'm the happiest man on the world. 
Just signed up for twitter and found out my fiance may have stopped at an ex's house....happy 24 days till the wedding, me 
knock once for the father. twice for the son, three times for the holy ghost. 
My own mother hates me and I don't care. I hate her too  Only a few more years before she dies. 
@Avinio im taking her to rotschild, beach, shuk, etc. she's here for almost 2 months, but my sister is in jlm too 
Celebrating 4 months with her spunky boyfriend @hugopearl  
3 Weeks today and my baby boy will be here....maybe get more than half an hours sleep a night then 
watched the wife and m-in law paper the living room at the weekend. i dod the man jobs, electric and that  looks really good though!
had the an extrememly lazy day, kicked it, watched family guy and had homie time with fonso...now its off to bed 
i know what i want for my birthday ;ray ban wayfarers and and and camp rock/jonas brothers pajamas  it would be soo cool! 15 in 20days. (:
i am amused with iste's nephew, who spent the entire day at the office. we should have him everyday  hehehe
remebered to watch how i met your mother this week 
cousin is in town for a week. happy days 
@OprahFan I can't say my 6month old is talented just yet but he IS the most beautiful child you'd ever see!!!  ppl stop just to comment!!!
business trips suck - - wish my hubby were here!  Butttt playing with the baby and doing girly stuff for a few days 
ready to sleep. and dream of my hubby..maybe ill get to see him soon  sounds like a bomb idea to me..its been exactly 80 days..to the hour
alcohol sessions with cousins! 
my 4 years old nephew operates my macbook pro without any difficulty! that too the new one without touchpad buttons 
LOVED date night with my 4 year old son!  He's some sweet talker.  
.... JUST FINISHED! ...... two full hours of mommy daughter time &amp; tomorrow my sunshine is going to have hair like shirley temple 
my brother comes home from spain today!  and he has beeen gone for 4 months. i am soososo excited =]
@BobBergh The weather's not too clever here  hun   How's you today? Just off out to go all gooey over a friend's week old baby 
i'm tired.. my sister and i made a big bicycle tour yesterday,.  love you,darlin.
@mpriebe you are going to have the mother of all headaches if you actually try listening to all of them today 
Today my wife and I celebrate 16 years of wedded bliss!! 
I got to hold my son this morning for the first time! He slept on my chest for about an hour. A truly amazing experience. 
spending the day with my nieces and sister in law 
2 years ago today i drove to iowa to pick up my wonderful darcy kitty from his foster mom. i'm so glad i have him 
im was sitting at d hospital cafe.. my mum was admitted last few days, hope she will recover soon..       im sad but im ok
Looking forward to the week ahead, no exams and looking forward to spending time with friends and family 
can't wait to see my lil sis walk across the stage to graduate in a couple weeks! im proud of her 
watching spongebob with my 4 year old nephew 
great day parasailing w/my mom and aunt!! they let go of all their fears i was so blessed to see them face their fears  great times!
things i just realized: my birthday is in exactly 2 weeks.[figure that out kids]  and i'm quite hungry and thirsty.. hahaha
proud of my brother!! keep killing these thursday nights aye 
@TheAleMan My moms wouldn't buy me them cause they were too expensive. I begged for months. finally my grandmother sneakily got me a pair 
- awesome husband day plus time with kids online &amp; in person - friday a.m. more husband time then off to get my boy! 
prodigy still rocks after all these years. the show was amazing as usual brings back memories 
journey yesterday was hot, stuck in traffic on M1 , but daughter has been invited back for second interview next week!they were impressed 
@andyroddick Getting ready to get on a plane to melbourne and spend a week with my best friend before her wedding 
I have my high school reunion today (10 years after)...its a love / hate thing  #reunion
