Most common words for this cluster:
[('days', 2015), ('weeks', 341), ('couple', 163), ('day', 90), ('months', 71), ('time', 57), ('amp', 55), ('com', 50), ('lol', 50), ('hours', 49), ('http', 40), ('week', 39)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'days', 0.9003739356994629), (u'weeks', 0.7793105244636536), (u'hours', 0.7076411247253418), (u'months', 0.7030816078186035), (u'day', 0.6668785214424133), (u'years', 0.620256781578064), (u'week', 0.6106550693511963), (u'just', 0.5934072136878967), (u'weeks_SailingOne', 0.5916888117790222), (u'time', 0.5728014707565308)]





If he doesn't get better in a few days, he could have something lodged in his belly 
oh I thought the pirate bay trial verdict was today :-s apparently it's in 10 days 
haha I've been with my grandma for 2 days. even she's about 5 houses away, I'll still miss her 
http://twitpic.com/2y4vn - remember these days? neither do i. siiiiike. i miss my old body  someday soon u shall be miiiiine.
@30SECONDSTOMARS: Thank's for your prayers, these days are very difficults 
@crackcouture wow! that sounds fun! nah just going to melbourne for a couple of days unfortunately 
A bit under the weather the last coupla days -- workouts have been low in energy. 
Only 18 more days left in london, where did the time go 
might go hiking in the big thicket in a couple weeks. what monsters are supposed to be in this area? chupacabra? i hope not 
these days i don't feel like twittering,  don't know why...
I have had 2 days of TV control, and there is damn near nothing worth watching 
just woke up...its cloudy in the virgin islands  only two more days here til i have to go back to seattle
misses my student days... those days of sitting with a book n not getting up until it was over... 
my mac is breaking two weeks after the warranty has expired 
dealing with a last minute site decommission. 16 users. 2 days' notice. 
signing contracts and marrying other things  399 days to go
the #walthamstowEMD has taken another twist, unfortunately I wont be able to get back for the public proposal days in a fortnight 
vacation over  drove straight through from hot springs....17 &amp; 1/2 hours!
Is on bed rest for a few more days, doc's orders.  Only way my back will heal! This sucks!
http://twitpic.com/2ygve - This is where I will be parked for the next three days. No windows 
Omfg, days like these kill my soul. And it's not even lunchtime yet. 
feels sad this afternoon can't believe it's still another 13 days to go 
@BenAtSite5 i haven't created a support ticket because its back up now..but it's zee.me my domain. It's up and down every couple of days 
@LadyLeamy But where you live consists of a project from hell.. scary.. Probably both days.. dunno, I have to plan by hours not days 
did not know until about 2 hours ago that my sister is leaving tonight and not in 3 days. that was a quick goodbye. 
Hates it when good days end bad 
Only two days of vacation left 
fat days are the worst.  if men only knew what 5lbs can do to us.
Oh and to top it off, my sciatica is acting up again. I think it's from wearing my creepers 2 weeks ago. 
work all day, followed by 4 days of thesis writing. omg 2 1/2 weeks to finish. shoot me now. 
AH, my charger is dying. I won't ve able to log on for a few days. 
just realized, i only have 15 days till i have to get braces... 
I tend to use photoshop for everything these days, I almost hit compose in it 
i think i need to unfollow the cricket guys  for a couple of weeks :S 
I wonder if friday was the spam-day of the year. got 1400 spam mails in just 1 1/2 days 
Today really feels like spring, how many days until our next snow? I miss it 
In two days the fun shall cease. 
phormalll was phantastic!!  off fb in 3 days 
@thrillerx yes! tell us all about your concert coming up! mines not for 29 days. 
Its beautiful out! These r the days when i hate being stuck inside with homework 
At my grandma's 2 days in a row I want to go home! 
last two weeks r coming so fast, dont want it to end 
@benmcusa those morningside mo, bakker people are impossible to get a hold of. I've been trying for days. 
@mneylon My fault unfortunately  two days late FFS
/yawn 18h til unshaped. its been 4 days of 64kbps hell 
Why is it even the most straight forward of things take 10 times longer than you expect ...just not enough hours in the day 
I'm getting close, maybe a couple more days and I will have it, or several more inches, but that will never happen 
Lol im so bored!  i only have ten more days till my cell cant text no more!
@aki_hoshi I haven't talked to you in like 2 days! I might expire. 
@MCHammer remember the good old days when the &quot;A's&quot; were #1, missing those days 
I'm in the last hours of my three weeks holidays... back to work tomorrow 
is really going to miss nathan the next two days. 
i think my finger is fucked. 3 days later it still hurts. it hurts to hold a freaking cupcake 
@fromthestars you'll have to wait 2-3 business days, sorry.  Haha, but srsly, if you want it, i'll give it to you. )
@prosperitygal damn, if only I'd seen your message 2 days ago, we could have had great 'coffee' together 
Counting down the days until maternity leave is over and I return to the dark side 
@kvp2008 yeah my internet quota has gone through the roof with the past few days  #asot400
*sigh* the bummer about being on the road for two weeks, the backups and updates that take hours to do 
Glorious day but have to get stuff I've been putting off for months done.  Indoors. 
maximum ride 3 soon XD exams in a couple of weeks 
Only two more days of vacation left 
I don't want to sleep on the floor anymore  But I really can't bitch about it for another 3 weeks. Though I feel like it.
awake &amp; eating b-fast. I'm off bread &amp; fruit for the next 3-4 days but already sick of eggs. 
I get sick way too much these days 
@zozotheterrible *hugs back* so sad esp since prom is in a few days 
is really sad cuz she needs some new shoes and has got to wait a whole 3 days before she can get some! 
@JadeJeronimo not sure... from what I'm hearing could be a couple of days 
@tommcfly omg, you came out of the hotel! we thought it was too far away, but it was soo close  well, we'll see you in 11 days anyway! x
I wish I could concentrate on studying whilst listening to music, not had it on in two days! 
@mikethomashendi not good, bollocked off tom again lol. 10 days til payday 
@SisterSadist that's the thing, I'm not a redhead any more  i loved it but the re-colouring every few weeks was getting too much
to do: avoid spending my entire paycheck over the next two weeks 
2 more days till change? I some how don't think so  But if you don't vote you can't complain...
is really lookin forward 2 her birthday!! 2weeks 3days away!! What 2 wear though 
@MussoMitchel i know you're busy replying.. but I wrote to you the last few days and you never once answered me  don't ya like me? 
@fayeturner WTF?? I was actually thinking about buying some tickets a couple of weeks ago but I didn't know if anyone else wanted to go 
@toughcity no i have 2-3 more days of photoshoots..and it wasnt glitches, it was fucking disasters 
Bioethics went well... But now I'm alone for the next 10 days 
bad moods on beautiful days are the worst 
My yard is still a lake, will take days to drain off.  http://twitpic.com/3m1zc
@dinibeanie oh that's ew  i hope the test went alright. i think uni weeks should be 3 days long at most, and nothing more.
up early trying to get back into a routine after 2 weeks of hols.... 
argh first day of school,this sucks 4 more years til i can move out. counting down the days already LOL jokes. gah i miss my daddy 
dumb me just spent an hour crying through desperate housewives- that shows been special to me for 6 years &amp; tonight was a big loss. 
first day back after easter...know whats ahead for the next 4 weeks and its not kool or exciting  only 5 week and 2 days to go tho :S
burned out, toasted, crispy, 3 weeks of being gone and another 9 days to go seems hopeless 
5 more days to cold turkey.   http://plurk.com/p/p4g1k
10 more days without my mommy  .... mileys sad.
it's going to be a late night sorting through the few thousand photos i shot over the past 3 days. 
being bored... mondays are sad days 
@decryption totally agree.  17 days to go 
@balkanbeat yeah, fine, but they may keep him in a couple of days 
@mileycyrus 10 more days without my mommy  .... mileys sad
I hate shaving. I miss the days before puberty with my little peach fuzz . good times... if i dont shave. I start to look like a bum 
@colettebett Don't really have choice these days.... 
there is nothing to do these days  xx
Exams start in 10 days .. dangit I just bit my lip 
a couple of days of sun and back to rain 
@Cyberela i feel for you, ? ??? ???????? full ???? ?? ???????????????  it hits the theaters in 9 days tho! i m waiting impatiently!!
@cakiiebakiie awkkkkkk no  we've only got til like, ten past. then we need to set off again. booooo. 
10 more days without my mommy  .... mileys sad.
@Kaydeescrafts the crap always seems to come at once, we all have days like that 
Why do dreary, rainy days always equal major meltdowns. We're already on meltdown number 4. They've only been awake for an hour. 
hating these rainy days 
10 more days without my mommy  .... mileys sad.
@ringosdiamond I already miss those days of overanalyzing all those kinky works of literature. 
is feeling blah these days 
finally out of bed after being sick for nearly four days 
@girlnamedsam Holy cow, they are ripping this off from years ago.  : http://tinyurl.com/v4h2z
I need some ideas to put a poem together. I haven't written a good one in months. 
one of the days .. when you can't seem to focus on anything 
@musicislove10 okay, so i'm like 4 days late, lol. i should just give you my cell # so you can text me instead. me &amp; internet don't match 
@ash_riot i miss those days 
The weather has been great for the last couples of days so i hope it continues here! Not looking forward to looking for a job! 
3 days mc. what the fuck. 
living in the library for the next few days yayy 
No one to talk to these days. 
i think i'm ill, i've had a tickley cough for two days and my chest feels all blocked up 
a double digit todo list for holidays means, its more hectic than the semester days 
@tadbarker it happens to me after I havent done any endurance for 2-3 weeks, then do a big leading session. I cant get up the next mornin 
is frustrated that i have been choca blocka for the past two days but have yet to tick a single item off my to do list 
aircon repair guys came after being hounded for 10+ days, yet they havent fully fixed it. damn need one more day 
@echobase77 you have three days..relax..I have 15 technical articles to read and write wiki on them..before tuesday 
@mandeewidrick  standard turnaround is 2 weeks... rushing stuff is pricey 
keeping my phone off for the next couple days, really need some time to think 
4 days and i'll be back in shithole 
lot's of rain, for the next few days 
@Gconscious i'm doing another move (back to seattle) over the next couple weeks! i miss everyone and music 
I have not munched on a good meal in almost 2 days 
Apparently I'm not qualified for anything these days. Actually don't know how much longer i can get kicked back from places 
why is xtube (nsfw, 18+) so crap these days 
@_bellamuerte_  cuz grammae can be sometime total nonsene. And my final is in 3 4 days and i havee tu stuudyy. 
@SarahStewart  You're a very busy girl these days!  Personally unless it's free, I prob won't be able to go - dept. budget constraints.
I had 2 very busy days  I'm missing a lot!!
@katiekatiek i know they are eek i hate it. i cant believe it its like they came out of know where  i have my first exam in like 13 days!
can't wait to go to thorpe park in a couple of weeks....its too far away can we go now? pweese 
3 days off and too much rain to go outside and play 
@ryohakkai if I was I wouldn't have a cry over eating salmon LOL. Yeahh I guess we're all pretty busy these days 
@mabeswife I feel like I haven't seen you in days!  How are you? Is your neck feeling better?
didn tweet 4 days  sorry
i need to get a life  two more days till freedom   (for all my loyal followers in two days you will get more updates )
@michellehcim I'm bed bound for the next two days 
@PockeTwitDev updating / refreshing takes 40 seconds, since a few days!  why?
13 days left stupid vancouver weather why is it every day i work it's sunny and hot as hell and the days i i have off the weather sucks 
@EstroJean There never are enough hours in the day, or days in the week to get all our crafting done does there?  LOL
wish there was a type of rosemary that would survive alberta winters ... last years didn't make it I&quot;m afraid 
demon's souls is soo hardcore , going take years to complete lol 
@eye_an haha i know right? sad sad days 
Is having a pretty bad fucking 2 days 
bella is 4 months old as of yesterday.  not wanting to nap.  ugh  very long days.
 stressed now. I'm going away no worries. Taking a couple days off
3 more weeks! and i' done with these nonsense 
I wonder when nathan is going to talk to me next? its been 5 whole days since he last spoke to me 
I've had a bad couple of days 
3 days since ive talked to my soldier!  keeping hope alive!
I'll get alot of sewing done today, no TV   the bulb burned out so waiting for a new one, hopefully in a couple of days.
@snobscrilla hey i think you shuld go with spaceship =]...i was disappointed you pulled out of dusty days  wuld of been awesome =]
@november19 @xover_nin There was a time when I could get up the next day and do it all over again.  Now it takes 2 days to recover 
has just been for a run. She's feeling pretty rotten about her poor little fishy.  It's been 7 days now. 2nd dose of meds coming up.
Remembering da old days 
The dog woke me up both weekend days 
@mileycyrus aww I would love to go that is 3 days before my birthday!! 
very very very depressed. tmr is a workday!!!! 2 weeks of leave gone like that 
I'm three days out from chemo and sleeping is unattainable. I have hot flahes like menopause and I eat like a horse. 
Brunch! Then back to studying  6 days until 412!
i still can't find my ipod! its been 3 days! this never happens! 
is miss the old Sundays when I had them off, laid in bed with my love for hours and always followed by dim sum  those days are gone...
is kidding you not, the rain that we have had now for 5 days and still coming down, has got to go, getting a little depressing now 
is sick  but stoked for minneapolis in 3 weeks!!
@undertheredsky As soon as you actually call me when you're up here foo. (Actually, I take off in a couple days) 
@achillesmama I like it, and you made me smile..I am a hopeless overanalyzer  that does not help with anything these days..
4 days in sf- all rainy. great biz trip but now @virginiamerica is delayed by 1.5 hours 
jeeezzz... I got stuck with my books... been studying and reading the past few days that I could barely sleep...  ... 2 days more to go!
my science mark is going to go down  im five days late handing in a project
Just realized her car power adapterspliter broke sometime in the past two days. 
visiting with my amazing SLDs.. how sad to know i only have a few more days with them 
i fell skateboarding. i dont know if my wrist is broken or sprained. i have to take another x-ray in a few days. i can't jack off. 
i love lazy days spent with my boyfriend, i'm expecting a long week ahead 
19 days: ok so there are 19 days left of school. i'm not feeling that great as of now though... i'm sad  ... t.. http://tinyurl.com/daa39a
making a margarita then hanging out before the hubs starts a course in the morning  It's going to be a longggg 3 weeks!
@jamcs That happened to me when I got a 1 day ban. Its been 4 months since I last got banned and still no guide tool 
@FCastrillo86 no  wednesday. jus a couple more days. hopefully no one buys it.
trying to get the ywamrto.com newsletter out... four days late. 
4 weeks later and googlebot still hasn't indexed a website of mine  even though webmastertools gives no erros :/ hmm strange.
few more days to go  haven't pack anything yet..
So how many bank holiday days have been without rain, since records began? 
@purelaura boys &amp; dad are going to a beautiful place but I need to study  boo. exams &amp; deadlines over next 2 weeks eek :-s
oi... just a few more days marks 11 yrs  i didn't realize it's been so long. shame on me for not visiting often.
The race is in 6 days, need one final training push but can't find the motivation 
@imagination22 you so old! damn you! i still have to wait another 11 months 
is feelin nostalgic......missin childhood days!!!! 
Why using lucene when iterating is faster? I lost 2 or 3 days on doing the search (and indexing) by lucene 
I'm completely exhausted...I feel like I could sleep for days. Wish I could cuddle.  nite nite
@ladybug8320 well ive been wishin this past 2 days that someone else will do it but when i got up this mornin it was still there boo! 
Not well  tonsils are hurting like mad for 3 days now!!
Oh well added 2 more world cup tix 3-5 days to confirm in this day and age 
had a boring day at work  counting down the days till the weekend, 4 days!
Ahhh hope you guys have good days. 
@davidalvarado me too.  I woke up extra early yet I still forgot them.  days are dull without music.
@EETWiz   hmmm...me too ....Three days is a long time when you are sick...or in pain  
wow ive not updated for 6 days! I'm hungary, I'm tired and I don't want 2 go 2 skool 2morra 
four all nighters in the span of two weeks... gotta be a record, but I'm sad that I'm the one who broke it! 
Two weeks into bathroom remodeling and 1,000 dollars later.... i'm only half way. 
gained .7 pounds  however, I haven't been able to exercise really well in 12 days.  Going to attempt to start back today as foot seems ok
my bros goin to work in portlaoise for 6 months movin 2day 
leaving to new orleans, don't want to, and then to cape town, that in 4 days  
just lost a good couple of days work on igotmunchies.co.uk 
Why do mondays always feel so much longer than other days even though we get out early? probably because we have all our classes  ugh
Wings lost  Allergies kicking in  I've been incredibly tired the last couple of days. Finals are taking their toll.
@barribaskoro nine of course  you've got 2 weeks more and you're free from everything rite? i've got 3 weeks more huhu 
missing my jer-bear a lot these days and wishing i would feel better 
Having a lazy few days! I've been eaten alive by mozzies 
i miss them old rep days. 
after being involved in 6 games of soccer over the last 4 days, we won only one 
cops these days, ruining beautiful jamss 
fucking hates whoever got me banned from 4chan  3 days left...
@gankster  we didnt ask each other how our days were 2day
My wrist has been constantly hurting for the last 2 weeks. No fraking idea what I did to it. 
Missing the good ol' days 
I give you want you, and not ask for anything in return, but I just want hose three words I haven't heard in nearly seven months 
is fucking mad he has yet to see last weeks episode of keeping up with the kardashians!!!!!  really how has it not been on again?
&quot;I think I'd feel better if I puked&quot; usually either means drunk or food poisoning, and I haven't had a drop of alcohol for days.  
@blue_cupcakes one of those days? 
has been eating nuts for the past 2 days. :| whathashappenedtomydiet. 
This after party sucks. Shouldve just gone to sleep. I been up 3 days str8. 
@tasteofyourlips 5 days!!! Too bad no beach time  but we can still make it sexy ;-) haha goddamn I can't sleep!
@ILOVETHEHAWK Its also knows as glandular fever (http://tinyurl.com/cfq82u) I got ill about 2 weeks ago, still feeling miserable 
Home Alone and sucks for the next 2-3 days 
hate it wen childhood friends change like the weather-  misssing the old days =(
@sharlynnx me too! but i guess it wont arrive before two-five weeks  have you ordered yours? 
Eeep!! I'm up way too late. Thanks mom, your surgery screwed up my internal clock.  Catnaps are now on my schedule for the next two weeks.
says i got 19 more days without my baby 
@angeladee Or you could be like me... work six days in a row 
I'm doing the HOOVERING because someone else is sleeping in my room for 10 days  http://tinyurl.com/qmhow7
i hate mothers days. 
may as well put the finnish flag away for a couple of weeks 
Babysitting for 4 days...sister went to the keys without me 
no more dance  reunion in 7 days! can't wait to see stavvie again!!
trying to figure out what the hammering noise is and where its coming from...been 2 days already 
has spent the last couple of hours cleaning, changing bed sheets, and tidying up .. things i do so I don't have to study 
Too head-coldy to go hiking today.  Heating up soup. Then I'll work for a couple of hours.
After weeks of pushing myself to the limits, I think my body has finally succumbed. Currently feeling under the weather... blah. 
hate when he leaves...two weeks without him 
panic time  3 exams...3days...oh oh
Just wishing it didn't take 7 days to be rejected for something like that ... 
@fryfan20 OK really although I've had a bad head for a couple of days 
i hate days that are supposed to make you feel special.  they always end in disappointment.  
Headed bck 2 hburg  but only for 5 more days. I'm doing a countdown!!
@ksutt11 Yes....and i didnt have to  i stayd up two days in a row and did about 20 assignments for nothing..she confused me with another..
@8thlight i spend days and nights studying...wrecks my back 
wearing my xs shirt. 18 more days 
getting my wisdom teeth out in the morning.... sooo not looking forward to it!!  come visit if you're in the area the next couple of days
10 days without my noah. i will miss him sooo much 
@freemancho i've had that game for days and still havent played it yet 
@landielove word up, I feel u on the drunkies in the heightz... I miss those days 
shit balls! 13 days left 
My stress ball exploded, I know it happened a few days ago but I'm still sore about it...  http://jinkiesglassesshenanigans.blogspot.com/
@carmeltanaka sup! Missed you guys a couple of weeks ago   I've been suck up here with only two wheels. How you guys been?
so many weeks of nothing, now i have multiple invitations for sat. which do i choose? 
9 days until my birthday and still no plans - loser status 
A days training - great... and I'm not talking exercise unfortunately 
goodnighttttt. finally  another 365 days until my birthday once again  ahahaha
I wish that everyone would leave me alone for a few days 
@iamdiddy haven't stoped revising for the good old GCSEs  cnt beleve i have over 20 hours of exams in the next few weeks  xx
how could i remember exactly what i did in canberra( in order) when we went there 2 months ago?wahh its confusing 
@johncmayer I haven't slept for 2 days  heh could be worse LOL no drugs &amp; no caffeine
Not very happy about havin to shave my sexy three days beard 
is trying to finish an essay but has no motivation  but yay for only 8 more days 
@Harsayis oh, it died several weeks agio and I didn't get around to replacing it until now 
is gutted that she only has 3 days left with her baby b4 he goes to the army 
Thinking the last 10 days have been practice for letting her go.  doesnt make it any eaisier
@recnamorcen -- well.. By doing something fun atleast once in 3 days!! and i swear i havent done that in 2 weeks!  hehehe...
yep, it's one of those days when nothing goes right 
Gearing up for two days of company togetherness. Could be fun--though I will miss my desk. 
dads home!! and i'm allergic to newly cut grass. so no playing outside for a few days 
My eyes have been hurting ridiculously for the past few days and I hate it. What have I done wrong to deserve this?! 
is hungry.  i hate crash dieting. but with a cruise 9 days away, it's gotta be done. *sigh*
Some days you just have to be honest with yourself and admit you missed the move... 
One of my guildmates got hacked   He's one of our main tanks too, I feel so bad! He went away for a couple days and came back to nothing!
flickin' nausea. it's been at me for 2 days. 
No art for a couple of days if not a week do to old hockey injury (back) I am out for the count till the pain subside 
starting to eat a little, haven't ate in 6 days .. have no taste buds though 
@thehannabeth hey babe.. how have you been the pass few days? i have  been sick  i feel dead ahh..     xo..
@brudenell Still owchy  but no breaks or bruises (I don't bruise straight away, normally takes two - three days for any marks)
@amirasalvi hey amira.i wont be able to watch bof,and i wont go online for 4 days i think? 
I lost my cat, shimy. It's been 4days already 
@kMcDiva sadly it is the week I graduate.. ugh.. seems I will never be able to spend my hippie days in a field. 
Some times the time stops moving it looks like it has been several days when it has been just 15 hours and something since I got going 
@remymoore wish we hung out like the old days 
haven't see my bf for 5 days. 
pc still not up and running again, its been 4 days now 
is finishing writing slides that were due two days ago 
@justjoanne992 They keep coming on my shuffle. They were good weren't they? I miss those days 
@unitechy lolz.. Even me missing those gr8 days.. 
I have partied for the last 9 days now its back to the real world....awww poo 
Running on no sleep the last couple of days 
tata for the next 4 interwebless days...... boohoo!! 
@sgtmatrix Those two are hoot and a half, but without 'em my days would be deadlier than ....something dead lol @tantamani Aww damn! 
And then there were... three days left until graduation 
@AuntieVera derek bought one of those boxes and ate all of them but one in two days  it is so gross that he's rail thin
@dottv As soon as the coast was clear he (jeff) was in there!! I complained but nothing came of it. The glory days are over 
@Parker008  That's no good... I heard google's having some pproblems these days...
i thought the last two days of highschool were supposed to be easy...why is there so much work to do?! 
@l3xi3sunshine awhhhh  what a butt! how many days till warped tour? ha
hang in there. We all have those days. 
devastated - just figured out it will take me 254 days to reach my goal weight 
enjoying my last moment of rest before the crazy 7 weeks ahead 
Most def. having one of those days 
oh my gosh....i am looking forward to a short vacation in 12 days...the stress in my neck is so heavy 
@justads They used to be behind every bar in every pub here, but not any more. Apparenlty far too old-fashioned these days. 
looking at pics from back in the *$ days. xmas party of '06. ughhh time fliiiies! 
had a total meltdown..laptop died and couldnt not be revived..finally got a heartbeat after 2 days of cpr 
tonight was amazing, but I miss the good old days 
@thebrownboi I think I need a pause from this past weekend  lol I was a wee to festive. How about two weeks?
@ddlovato love you demi! ur so lucky u graduated.. i have exams for like 4weeks starting 2day 
is sad. wolfram made me realize i'm 7454 days old 
@LynziLoo I kinda miss those days lol. Now we all have our own places and we don't party anymore. wtf?! we're getting old  nooo.
Starting to play my warrior again. Going for loremaster. No raiding for six weeks though. 
@Oh_lulu I miss those days too. when we didn't have to worry about stuff too much 
last hours with my laptop then its bye bye for three months 
shoot!!...hold it!!...stop insinuating what you want to happen within the next 26 days! I'm not ready to take that leap yet with you. 
not looking forward to flurries for the next 3 days 
10 more days in the internet slow lane is beginning to feel like torture; working after midnight is looking to be absolutely necessary 
Note2Self: next time you have a project due in 2 days don't do something that will shut your server off for about 24 hours.  
backkk from watching last weeks supernatural, omg.. dean crying  makes me sad
havent done skipping routine in 4 days now. I want to start again but i'm sooooo lazy.  i dont want to get fat againnnn -whinewhinewhine-
@m3rls hahaha. i got my mop cut too dude! I hate the first few days of a new fro though 
hasn't heard the boys voice in 2 days...  
i don't understand why i can never get to bed until 5 or later on the days i have to work. this sucks because i'm so sleepy 
@Ms_GuardedHeart I see your face on my page, fun times. How's the study going these days? I don't like the rain 
cardiac dysrhythmia again this weekend... need to take a break for some days 
last weeks #training - 2 runs 2 swim(one open water) and turbo intervals  - weather and building sofa ruined the long rides
2 days left in middlesbrough till next term!!! 
http://twitpic.com/5f5sy - @rnfjonasstack used to be longer, got it cut few weeks ago. i want it longer again ! 
@Deltanimal hehe, i'll try to... but that's just my schedule...  i have to get use to it again, kinda difficult after 3 weeks. :-s
@Bdav me too, I only found out about it a few days afterwards 
travel for the last 5 days has gotten me way behind on my projects 
Struggling with last weeks homework. Also, hating this feeling... 
doesn't want today to end! im going to miss him soo freakin much! 3 months seems like eternity without the person you love! 
@LexaShmexa I go to bed early and miss out on all the fun. And I'll miss any during the next 3 days too (have to go into the office) 
I am so bored, don't know what to do.Also it is raining outside...torrential, i hate rainy days 
just watching some tv before work... i need a case of red bull on deck... no days off this week 
@ryangraves I got hit with some fraudulent charges as well a few days ago.... super lame 
@flishflash awww hun  u tired or something else?? need a big squishy hug??? only 2 months and 4 days to go!!
wondering what i did... 4 days of no talking.. here we go again 
I don't want to stop lazing around within two days. 
@bethsweeney1 Can I go 10 days without technology?you bet I'd WANT to, but can I?  nope 
it's so hard 2 convince myself 2 vacuum and mop when 2 days from now it will b covered in dog hair again 
Wishing things could stay normal for more than a few days with us...  
ready for bed..this vacation is close to bein over 3 more days 
@ThiaHeartsNick i would if i had something to smile about lol iv had the worst couple of days 
Trying to drink lots of water, have had a headache for three days 
How can my little finger still be broken, 12 full weeks after I broke it? 
@_unicorn Yes almost got hypothermia  one of the only two snow days, and i had to play netball -_-
@hellojenuine Thats not fair. I want 2 day weeks 
off to uni for my very last day of uni!!! 3 years have flown by 
last day, where did 7 years go?  tidying my room so that the naughty schoolgirls can actually get ready in it!
I was planning to have a lazy day but just realised I have 5 weeks of mail to get through 
@skinny_legs ya, days like today  hope u r well though!
4 days and no signs of the sun 
@mzlonelyme haha was getting worried without you updating after a couple days! willdo, cept im only there a couple hours for transit 
@viaaubrey ahahaa! I hate when creepers try to follow me.  I've had the same girl try to follow me three times in like 2 days. sick
@julajulz shut up and driiiiiiiiive (sorry  I hope you find better days)
I'm off to the doctors soon see whats wrong with me been throwing up 2days  hate it! .. never underestimate the feeling of normality
is looking forward to chicago but sat that I wont see __ for a couple of days  saddddd
My A380 has lost two engines in two days of room rearranging 
@mnoo Ohnoes!  This is why I keep my bag light these days...
@rose_janice probably a few weeks 
Trying to pry myself away from my fruit. I've never been away from her for more than two days.   This is the worst.
@TechStud no fair...there's no where around here that has free hamburger days 
why do i have to work on the sunny days.... and have days off on the cold ones 
has 2day off bt has 3 long days startin 2moro 
@biancapastrana I hope you're right! I never had any until like the last 6 months and now it's everywhere  I feel your pain! &amp; go orange!!
is so tired of being sick &amp; on such beautiful days! 
@bernadinee Sims 3 , 11 days to release n 15 days for me to touch the cd 
just realised my background needs updating. still says im 19  those good old days all of a month and a bit ago!
@iFollowMike my hero I skipped the gym 3 days in a row 
wtf?i want MORE russell brands ponderland!!last weeks was the final?!?!but it only just started 
is writing his blog, after missing a couple of days 
I'm not sure what days I dislike most. It's a close tie btwn Mondays and Wedsendays. 
oh how about im home for a total of three days in july?! 
@gabsandaly haha really? thank you! ok well I'll try to do one! but I feel more inspired with my bf! and she's busy this days! 
been watching season 1 of the oc for 3 days...miss it 
benn sick for 3 days now when will it end...waiting f rhis response to my email, i waited so long for his return 
been sick for 3 days now when will it end???...waiting for his response to my email, i waited so long for his return 
@novrain86 yea she does lmao yea I did too  I actually miss those days! Lol
laying in bed..only 3 more days in jersey 
@powershop you must be kidding, two days expiry! wrong on so many levels 
I have been placing the same legal ads on these sites for weeks. Now they suddenly decide they are illegal and ban them without warning 
I give so much and neva receive...i gets no love these days 
it's been 29 weeks since i've seen mayday parade. 
shool holidays are finally here....but we only get two weeks..  but its still two weeks none the less ... 
@BrodyJenner if u watch the hills in london u will realise what tourture it is because were weeks and weeks late  i just watch itonlinelol
Looking at old pictures... I love it &amp; miss the good ol days 
seriously getting hurt.... 4 days before nationals.. what a joke 
10 days to recover from ligament damage (from now) will give me about 3 days to train for the 5k  
@rmilana Hey, Wahts happening in #coffeclub..? I didnt have coffee for two days now  @dharshana
@christineduggan we keep getting pet days  but i heard the weekend is to be fab !!! wedding how soon again ?
can't believe I'm peeling from one and a half days of sunshine 
ready 4 the weekend! yay me. even though once its over, im the lucky person that gets to work 10 days in a row till i get another one off 
Isnt looking forward to going back to work. 3 days off isnt long enough 
On my way to work wish I had more days off 
My cat has been missing for 2 days. I am freaking out. 
nyc placements have started to come out, but it looks like upgrades might have to wait yet another two weeks for placements! dreadfully 
aahhh! nyc placements have started to come out, but it looks like upgrades have to wait yet another two weeks for placements! dreadfully 
only 2 more days of minnie 
my sensors don't seem to want to last for more than 3 1/2 days 
14 more days with slow internet 
Finally got a call for marriage counseling 3 days late.... 
Finally sunny days and I'm too sick to go outside and play. 
You guys need to get on me. It's been 2 weeks since I've went on a cache hunt  #geocaching
6 freakin days!!  Just a thought...what would I have to look forward to after this? 
Is sitting in science freezing  four days (:
4 more days until my birthday!!! I don't want to get older 
Today has been a nice positive  fun day , after several weeks of bum days 
will be lonely for 4 days because @trizia will be in baguio.   http://plurk.com/p/x2apl
@ashmohazel @immackmaine @its_erincharde @brando2711 hey you guys should invite me out...moody is my only friend these days 
@dan87 where have you been, child? i miss you, we haven't msned in days! 
@amber_benson It's been raining here for 3 days 
whew how did i end up going from mugglespace apps to youtube??? haha its just one of those days i guess. i really hate being ill 
still hoping for a job... but now i have strep so looks like i wont be looking around places for the next couple of days 
comes home in two days 
jen! we havent talked in like 3 days! 
Misses the good old days! 
@mileycyrus voting is over. since like four days ago i think  i told all my friends 2 vote for you a million times. you will win! love you
we need to have a haters ball today like on dave chappelle,,,,, man I miss those days on comedy central the new episodes 
going to work once again. what a great few days off i had. now it's over  but atleast i get 2 more commin up wahooooooo
Last days of maternity leave 
elliott claims steak and shake has been doing this for months...not exciting anymore... 
aahhhh the new pics from new moon are brill. I don't think I can wait 5 months 
#fieldnotes I ordered some on the 8th and they still haven't arrived. 3 weeks and still no books 
Just fell asleep for 2 &amp; 1/2 hours so missed both chances for first-look Hollyoaks, ugh 
omfg. one of the worst days ever! 
I've been dead the past 2 days...the flu sucks 
@westlifebunny my days been aight! been cleaning mostly! went to mcds to check for hader toy..no luck  so i ate chickfila
@wonky73 I'm just too busy these days to twitter or blog 
wants a new phone. ugh my b-day in 3 weeks ya'll 
Going on 1,116 days still no new tattoo. 
@DWsRoseC i didn't have many in there, just 8, and the 1 that got deleted was just sent 2 days ago  and  i cried is on the rr... and i am
aw how to lose a guy in ten days  &lt;3
my bf had to go to her dads for the week end. i will have 2 full days of bordom. 
@MyInnerTricia it is gay...u have dissappointed me that past few days 
seeing the gf 5 days in a row for a few hours each day is amazing-just wish the location wasn't a hospital  
been in bed for two days with migraines 
This really sucks, I'm supposed to be home in a couple of days and I'm not  I hate borders and visa's.
@JuliaWo I feel your pain... dont you hate those days 
Wait. There's 12 orchestra members? Are we back to the days of The Originals? 
after 4 days... im starting to believe that my foot is really broken 
@sonnyjoeflangan haha, 'the power is YOURRRRS!' i miss that cartoon  kids shows these days are so screwed up
noo!! i cnt b full already! i been waitin all day 4 this  c'mon stomach, remember our fat ass days??  dnt quit on me!
ahh havnt been on here for 2 days, how sad  anyway my fingers are like frozen and they tingle when i write haha
@chriscynical Aw that is sweet. I was glad too. I still miss him like crazy. 5 weeks to go 
four days left of freshman yearrrrr 
wishing my boyf didnt hve to move away from timaz in 3 days!! 
@megspptc don't remind me that was what i was doing two weeks ago.  makes me miss the cruise and my cruise peeps....   
have $28 left to last me until payday...15 days away  damn my addiction to sugarcraft!
What is it with all my folowers leaving me???? I hav lost 5 jst in the last 2 days 
@donnieklang yes most definitely I miss those days 
@AlexNevamind yea i know i mean she quoted their song inseperable like 2 days ago.. and now she juss tweeted she feeling 
working after 3 days off with a virus - how cruel is that for a saturday! 
@thomasfiss varsity fanclub won't be the same without you  &amp; i just started listening to you guys three days ago! &lt;3.
i slept for 15 hours :S 3 days till all time low!!! im so excited!!the western bulldogs are owning the swans 
Woot! Holidays is here. But only for two weeks. 
was absolutely free till now lazing. now i have 4 different appointments to furnish in 1.5days  #want2b@home
Going to our summercottage  no internet for 2 days 
All these long working days have taken a tole on my poor feet  I need relief!
im starting to pack my things for in a few days time, ill be leaving pagadian city.  too sad.
8 years ago today pops, miss u lots. 
mmm three days of holydays and it's full of clouds!!  no seaside this week end?
@livluvlaugh4eve i'm with you girl! i've been moving and dealing with finances, clubs and finals these last couple of weeks.crazy times! 
@ChickenStudios mine says its got another 3-4 days although it has downloaded half already 
@arnold i got it from dabs.com - so returning means refund and no replacement - i dont want to have to wait 6 weeks 
@MerryMegan: oh that makes me sad  .. our xbox died 3 days after we bought it last weekend  now i have to wait 3 weeks to get it back
Becoming resistent to hayfever tablets that were got from prescription. I can beat colds in a day but a blade of grass hits me for weeks 
i love the king is dead - the herd. i miss the days when me and becky and daff would sing it in art 
bloody weeks! feel empty and nothing, help me out darlaa 
days like these i seriously wish i didn't leave my hats behind.  h a g g a r d!  
The countdown has begun! 5 days to go! 
2 days with offshore wind. I just can't kitesurfing 
I miss my mummy, she's gone away for 4 days. 
Finally a break in the clouds yesterday I used my telescope last night .. 3 days out of  2 months without some sort of rain. 
@njvinnie lol. if i had a mobile device i would. my text's take like.. 2 days to get thro 
havent shut my eyes in 3 days 
@AimlessAmy so it's not really an option to me these days. 
ahhhhh....got rubber bands on my braces, it hurts sooooo much. ah well, they say the first 10 days are the worst 
I think this may ba one of those days where I have nothing to do 
i hate rats! they ruin my days. ewwww. 
Home alone for two days! 
@fireatwillxx aw  i just had my braces tighted a couple days ago
last eight days of vacation! 
I threw up this morning. I haven't in years. Shelbys drivin in the escalade isn't making me feel any better either 
@ChrissyMBot I have been trying for weeks and telling them how amazing it's meant to be and nada. I'm hoping it might be on the plane 
@LadyOfTheCoffee Not me, i've been unable to move for two days, let alone eat anything. 
Why is it so sunny on the days i have to stay inside and revise? 
@BrookeJasmyn  everytime I'm at dunkin the doughnuts are always old and dry. I've had bad days w/ them perhaps... Now you have me wan ...
days of anxiety ahead... 
@donabiola gah, now I feel bad  I've just spent the last 5 months with him (minus maybe 4 days)...until he went on this trip for 10 days
hey everyone am bored and mad at allison i waiting 3 weeks 4 a sleepover and she gos and invites marzanne 
today is turning out to be one of those days where everything you do falls apart.  lets hope it gets better.
@cheers01 ohhh don't tell me prices dropped  I just booked two flights a few days ago...
@amitguptaz Guptaji... kaise ho? Its been a long time. No tricks up any sleeves. Not practicing magic for about 3 months 
@dray_ozonemag that so popular these days?  It makes me cringe.  
on my way to work  I really enjoyed those 3 days off
My mom really did sprain her ankle an she won't be able to do shit for weeks idk what weeks is like 2 3 6 idk 
@amundwiler I missed that question 2 days ago and still thought uncongjugated 
got my license friday...7 days later... crashed my car 
i've recorded new demo... 'Involve our revolve' hmm... i like it  btw it's raining for 3 days! 
@CatherineGrison he is 7. recently spent 3 weeks in icu 
@magnumchaos I'm sorry.    Something will work out one of these days...
@brebishop you're never on skype these days! 
@cfdj71 I still cant find that season 1 on the newsgoups, guess ill have to wait about 3 days to download it off shite torrent trackers 
I hate working on such nice days 
@jmoonah Just spotted your entry for the #140conf contest. And only days after I got that damned song out of my head, too. 
Always sick on the good days 
On another note, I could REALLY go for a curry, but I'll probably have to wait a couple of days 
@Kusmar07 I'm great thanks, had a few days off but back to the grind soon! I'm rubbish at long hair, too high maintenance and heavy 
@calkenneth In the last few updates I went 6 to2 and then back up to 3 a couple of days ago, now zero 
@stinakakes I know, me too... I am excited. mad i can only stay for 2 days 
why is teevee a load of bunk these days 
I really hate coming back from vacation to a refrigerator with no food, bills due in two days, and the enormous task of unpacking 
Still tired &amp; miserable for no good reason  Wish I could go back to sleep &amp; just wake up in a few days when I feel better.
spent two whole days doing korean project n im still not done! 
@A1derfulGuy that's really weird! maybe they got lost? ill send it again but might be in a few weeks  im so sorry..
just went shoppin for some groceries .. cleaning up &amp; more homework. boo rainy days  it was so pretty earlier
Twitterfon blocked me tonight  well i suppose i got away with two days without bein blocked
its been 3 days. me and crunch are ready to form a search party.... where's faan at? he's never taken this long to be online crunch said 
Ugh family days sucks  when ders really nothing to do
out with a friend, having some cold beers, will be away for like 2 days  sorry guys
I haven't twittered in days... I'm too ashamed of my failure at dieting. I just feel like a big fat failure!    
@nth_degree i lived there for six months!!  i miss it a lot 
@squishymatter my little one has been barfing the last couple if days also. 
Looking through the pictures from the past few days makes me want to &quot;accidentally&quot; miss my flight. 
Long few days ahead. I need strength. 
@KristaConnects that's a good one. i missed the chance to see them two weeks ago in austin. 
just had din with my bro and dad before he leaves for six weeks 
keep having bad dreams these days...can't sleep well 
@daaniiela_ ;) but in my days never happend something good.. all are always the same 
having one of those days where I feel like I can't do anything right. WTF 
@xHelloCallie  awww   what happened? or is it just one of those days..like that you gotta cry and get everything out and you think that
WTF I am facing internet problems for last 3 days now 
is s????? confused ?noq? this u?????? something ?s??? past ??? months. ??s?   http://plurk.com/p/xc0s6
why on days I need to sleep I can't, and on days where I have nothing going on I'll sleep for 12hrs! been lying here for almost 2hrs 
@simply_jenn Yes they did. But I didn't like the food  How did your new schedule go? What days do you have now?
stiff neck for 2 days now. ouuuuuuuuuch 
my mcpedro isn't getting much sun these days  low pressure area ftl
It has been 2 days I'm angry with the world without a reason 
@TamiFromMiami I'm beginning to think I'm the only person who hasn't seen a rainbow in these last two weeks of downpour 
why can't it already be the 3rd of june, I don't want to work 4 days b4 having 2 days off 
@mwtsnx  know what you mean .... working 8 days straight 8.5 hours on my feet everyday so far, gah. havent a vacation for 2 years 
sick. been in bed for 2 days now 
was looking at pictures from @mdigurgaon and I realized how much I miss those days 
Feeling quite down the last couple of days, despite the good weather. 
last day jones, before poynter comes out to play for 30 days!! and i so cant believe its a month tomoz... that i saw mcflyy!  i miss them.
hey guys wassup? was busy in many thngs dis days 
english language in two/four days, and i haven't started revising 
@flawless it's been rained for .. 4 days now. It's more than enough! 
Last EIGHT days then off to reality. 
I can't believe I have to cram so many things for just four days!  I don't want to leave home anymore.
@DarrensAngel you lucky one  my holiday's been cancelled although it was signed months ago and my boss said it's okay 
No one has texted me in 3 days 
it was easier when i just used to anhialate it with peroxide.  i miss those crazy bygone days.
Getting tired of waking up to these fabulous sunny beautiful days, and then going to work till the sunsets  Four more days till a day off
What's the best remedy to cure the pain during period? It's been 2 days but seems foreverrrr 
Counting the days ... Holidays in 46 days  .... http://www.zoopy.com/data/media/15243/original.jpg
@maniacreaderok Yay for you!  I'm so jealous.  I've been hampered the last couple of weeks by an injured foot   I'm losing muscle!
trying to relax as much as I can today before 2 jobs + diet+ gym takes over for the next 5 days. 
I don't have anything 2 wear 2day &amp; my hairs a mess.    I hope this isn't gonna be 1 of those days
I have a cold  so annoying, means a weeks worth of sounding terrible on the radio 
We all have off-days  #tennis
i moved out of harrow 2 days ago and i miss everyone like crazy 
@Shellbell301 well i hurt my back awhile ago like couple months but it got better and i fell on de floor today and sprained it again 
will miss his baby...3 days in quezon.. 
adruzzz Adrusssss, where are u been the last days...?  i miss u  erikooooo where ara u now? shurely pushing kitties
@emzyjonas and yeah, only two weeks 
@AdrianHiggs supposed to be the same for a few days, my office gets up to 28 degrees or so in the sun, not looking forward to that 
losing everything these days  lost phone in the mud
@Autumnrunner my days of running 9 miles are over. shin splints. doc says i need physical therapy!!!! 
@thatlass so i've got 7 weeks without daytime messages? How rubbish 
Bad hair days suck 
beautiful days are really bad for business 
wow todays one of the saddest days ever 
@jonhoneyball don't think I'll be well enough for the pub for a few days, at this rate 
mygoodness u guys i nt ben up here in 2 days  i still luv yal tho. lol
Its sunny days  like these i wish we stil had The pub 
cleaning before we go to the beach in several days but a bad headache is making me slower 
in two days I will be in the east coast... jesus I'm scared I gained like 4 pounds back 
fuggin allergies are full on the last 2 days. 
@sydneyblu http://twitpic.com/6cmci - wow that's amazing. love it! this is my view, rainy days lately  http://www.twitpic.com/66czd
trying to force myself to study. i have two exams in the next two days... oh boy. 
@mekkanikal yeah I know how it feels.. been living alone for the past three weeks. 
not touched photoshop the last 4 days.  i miss it
i'm going to tunisia 3 weeks today!! arrgh. i have so much to do before then. first things first, got a few exams to pass. i'm scared 
i hate overcast rainy days 
leaving buena park  but ill be back in a few weeks!
@abby1412 ino the feeling. except that i have 6 in 4 days 
back to the muggy days 
Not in the best of moods, feeling a little down  oh well such is life, we all have our days/moments/years
I better have something in the post....been 6 days 
I bought some castle-making buckets + I have three days off... I want beach.. 
@DvineExpression It's called double-standard hipocrisy and there's plenty to go around these days! 
@crluehmann not much really. just lost a piece of myself for the next 2 1/2 weeks  tell your mommy I say hello, please!
such a dark and dreary pic... this is what exams are doing to me   i still have 2 days before they start, but... http://tinyurl.com/mqja9u
its one of those days where you try to be happy, but youre not 
@AndyWandy I have watched 2 whole seasons in 2 days and done zero learning  I think we are in trouble 
@uronlinetrainer well, hmm, I used to be. I let myself go for sometime  working my way back now! Should be there in a few more weeks
To get through the days I'm going to have to start drinking coffee 
waiting for the palm pre  6 more days!!!!
omg my birfday in 9 days  vegas in 11!!
holy fuck! this is the fourth DanFraiser bot to follow me in two days! 
@ROzyROckz haha no married here good guys come a dime a dozen these days 
i cant seem to be happy for more than a couple days...it just doesnt happen to me 
@waydomatic @triplej yes I've noticed this over the past few days too - sounds like the stream is being sent through a tin can 
@Absturbation boo ! I was disabled a few days b4 I move &amp; can get online!  will miss it there.
@Threeeyedfronky its just one of those days... a lot of my Sundays have been like this lately 
still up packing...wtf?! i shoulda done this two days ago!! looks like i'll be sleeping on the plane 
a few days didn't tweet and i'm missing so many things. 
@laureltherese 3 days is solid. I left one of the pieces of the equipment on accidentally overnight and it broke down 
I can't sleep .... n I feel so bad  I need vacations right now, just 23 days
For last five days I am working on same probm and I am not able to make my project manager understand my point. 
back from a weeks holiday and loads to do. my also have to move again after 2 weeks in new house 
I hate these days when hayfiever is determining my actions this extremely. It makes me feel so sick like it was the flu! 
hatin' this rainy days  ...
wish I had more time on my hands these days. Seems like I can only see two groups of people a week. And I have more groups than that! 
@TigerOfPTS One of these days you're going to drive too drunk and crash, again. 
@spam yes. @michellecaberte is correct..  it's bee 5 days now...
Tweeting in exile  will be back in a few days, faster, stronger and more jobless than ever.
nobody should have to start their days at 5:30 
you can go on the other side of the world and forget everything for a few days but when you return the bills are still waiting for you. 
4 hot days in a row i am not happy 
i wish to go back to sleep.   yay culinary though...booo working 6 days this week!
@aiki14 taking another flight in 2 days, i will be thinking of you 
Does anyone have a camera i can borrow for 2 weeks to take on holiday? I dont own one 
Another short jogging stint, &amp; i'm already sweating like a babi. tskk! 9 more days to go only.. I is scared 
@rachel_kw I miss you daily after not seeing you for weeks 
ok so back on my own, gilly has returned to work n i have about 11 weeks till i can go back to work 
my days missing a certain person 
12 days in counting...it cant come quick enough...and then it wil be over before i know it 
Missing people  I can't wait till summer 4moreschool days!!
Teething at just 11 weeks... Two top nubs have just poked through the gums following days of crankiness! 
weekends over  school ends in 3 weeks : / summer starts in  20 days  todays my 8 month wit the bf : ^ )
im only going to whine one time: ive worked for like 2 weeks straight with only like 3 days off. my feet hurt 
..are the days that will be discounted of our vacation! 
i don't want to have a vacation with few days of fun! that's just not fair 
@Jonasbrothers all the tickets went wrong &amp; my mum spent 3 days solid trying to sort it all out. =( booked block B but was givern blk 1! 
@its_ingy @bryantestrada we graduate in 12 days ( and we only have 9 days left of being in high school.. For the rest our livesss  i ...
It's a pity that I will have to come out of hibernation in 13 days. 
Just a few more weeks of sleep, please! 
@KunalGautam shopkeeper has said it will take atleast 25 days to get the mobo repaired. 
And in some days i have to go to a wedding 
@artemisrex I bought a kindle! 3-5 days till I get it 
I thought I got rid of my sickness after the first 3 months but its back, back with avengance!!  xx
freakin out a bit about school. need to finish 4 weeks worth of work in the next 3 days. i suck. 
is pissed that her passport still hasn't arrived  C'mon guys it's been over 2 weeks now...
doesn't understand why sitting in a pub for a whole day, causes my back to ache for two days... I hope I get my shot soon!!! 
Is back to work.  enjoyed 2 days off in a row
@lrivers56 good morning (: wish I could travel again but I just came back from vacation a few days ago! 
oh damn. 9 more days people...sorry  )))))
It is officially three days til graduation and sadly I already miss most of my buddies already 
The sad part is my kids will be gone for 7 weeks in 11 days 
@iing having lack of internet cnnction? same goes here. its been like 2weeks already 
only 15 mins to go thank heavens - it really has been one of those days where I think i have been going backwards 
@MsMingdaDiva you spoke to me like 3days ago..you sed you was gon speak to me everyday  :eyes begin to water:
Ugh. Not a fan of rainy days 
@enilkcals crap  not been for 2 weeks &amp; long drive twice in 2 days is pants. Might just suffer tomorrow - got to be better than wall...
I want you so bad!  2 more days.  http://twitpic.com/6eo38
says rainy days are here again  http://plurk.com/p/xp0uv
ready to work 6 days in a row! . okay maybe im not 
why did i suddenly think it was june 18? i got all excited about 10 days till holidays and realized its the 2nd  i'm sicker than i thought
icant believe it's june. 23 more days until my bday 
5 days of exams.. great -.-' going offline to revise at 7ish be back at 10. Wants to talk to sam 
3 whole days in the sunshine without any suncream yet nothing to show for it......boooooo!!!!  
I always have to work on the pretty days.. 
taking baxter to the vet...he's been limping for 5 days now 
Every one is sick  hope I'm not next b/c all my new sick days are gone from maternity leave..and I'm saving my vaccay days for Fridays off
I wish robyn had a twitter...  we could talk about the old days when I was the male version of @nicolerichie i miss those days, loves it?
@Trace027 had tons of them for days now 
@dougiemcfly wooo, glad your cold has dissaperead mine took 6 weeks to go  anyway glad you well 
has managed to lose a whole months worth of dizzy meds, not sure what to do as can't get any more till wed 
3 weeks is waaaaay too long 
these labs are taking a bit longer that last weeks 
@modestofamous ah my days half done, DJin tonite tho.  cant be bothered
@ShortyTee mmmm its 6 months since my last gym visit and I cannot bring  myself to go 
Not having internet sucks. I feel useless. I can't even modblast for another few days 
had a wonderful day at the beach although bumping into the ex in asda after 6months of not seeing him was pretty earth shattering! 
so, will concentrate on the florals for rest of this year. kona bay biggest disappointment. not my taste these days! 
Beach lifeguard training is the hardest thing I have ever done, and 5 days to go yet!! 
I hate 10 hour days and only a 30 min lunch 
Twittering has bin very boring these last days. No one to tweet to 
i dont feel well  i always end up feeling ill on my days off for some reason 
26 days and counting...yay! For the record guys suck right now!!! 
@dannygokey That happened to me, too! So annoying! It took a couple days for mine to finally show. 
Going to be living in downstairs S&amp;E for the next 10 days 
so my mac charger was a few days out of warrantee and i had to buy another one. 75 bucks 
FINALLY getting my unemployment stuff straight.. Only took two months 
19 days to go for the big 2-3....jeeze  i'm oooooooold
one'a dem days 
I have not been this sick in a long time  fever for 3 days.. I have not ate in 3 days.. Coughing..Pls tell me it's not swine flu
Some days I go through the entire day asking myself and the world, &quot;what's the point?&quot; This is one of those days. 
only 3 more days in brazil 
@therealpaulac  I wish it wasn't. I've already done the better part of 6,000 words in the last 10 days
I try to take one day at a time, but sometimes several days attack me at once or for few days i can;t spend few minutes by myself 
@yojotangjo it's been like this for several days now in the bra.  makes me saaaad.
I miss my boat like no one could even believe on days like these 
@LookyDaddy I miss the days when the scariest thing you had to write about was poop on walls. 
enjoying my last days with my rabbit. 
I'm sorry leona. That really sucks.  just think...You'll be in montana in a matter of weeks!
it's been 4 days since be last updated! is he still alive??  xxx
is @ a loss for words these days...y do people just up &amp; leave u when u end a relationship where some1 is mutual 
@mweintr my god, you've been sick fir weeks  feel better!!
@kellylintz you're lucky I'll be there in a few days you scrote bag 
Finals are hard core, only four more days of torture 
@ElizabethBanks A bird shat on my graduation cap about 5 minutes before I graduated a few weeks ago. I feel your pain 
What the fuck is up with schools these days? http://bit.ly/fnpEl  
tiiireddd  wants sumer to arrive faster.. 10 more days..
@jackswilgafee  oh well, i saw it a few days ago....well, last week. next time... i'll need a text alert :p
yuck allergies!  my time home has gone by too fast, i wish i could stay a couple more days!!!  
@Jonperezinsd @BoomboxBui I can't tonight... I am still sore!  Hopefully I'll be ready within the next couple of days.
@bakingboyz It is going to be 7 days for the pathology report 
2 down 5 to go   3 days till freaken summer(:
@peacegurl77 your such an idiot! i lovee youu omg only ...15 more days 
@3sixty5days boooo.  I underestimated the amount of zzz I have to revise.
No gym for 3 weeks, this recovery really blows!!! I'm sad 
@divinebubbles, it's &quot;lose an inch in two weeks&quot;. If she did that she would be skeletal. 
is out of my mind i think i am so tired i should just sleep for the next 3 weeks but where do i fit that in my calendar? booked up 
@biphenyl walked all over mAker faire both days and never saw yr booth. 
@TheKellanLutz mine did that same with my pic annoying as it is you have to wait a few days 
sad face  back to work tomor...4days and then breakkkkkkkkkkkkk!!!!!!!!
only two and a half more days to be a sophomre 
its rainin.  getting my license in 6 days!
@rocketandroll I fucking hate enlistment days.  I'm still hoping for a good sched. 
 have to wait 60 days for my domain
what is happening to my picture!? i've tried for like two days now! 
i havent managed to think of anything interesting to say for like 3 days so far 
13 days left...and counting.  #fb
haven't climbed in 5 days and having withdrawal already. obviously haven't climbed enough recently to feel like I need a break  #climb
going to miss @jumpcut yahoo closing them down in 4 days. 
last night with alex for 11 whole days 
Please, no one ever let me run out again. The last three days have been dreadful. 
@markpolchleb that's great news! 16 days and 4 semesters 2 go for me  what are u studying?
French. -sigh- Why are you so damn easy these days... 
Oops. Apparently I missed three days of Dailybooth.   also, I'm playing Blockles. http://tinyurl.com/klmu96
12 days without my better half... What's a girl to do 
back in my hometown. so much for the days of 1 stoplight..it's tripled in size!!  luckily the mountains on the horizon won't ever change!!
misses the golden days of semester 1...  effin science.
is wating for her metro-station top too come oderd it on satrday but it says it can be up 2-10 days cant wait that  long 
@irockCapo lmal..awww and i just ate some pizza..u should have called her then me and we chould have talked like the old days 
9 days till my baby is leaving... 
@ftskim i miss the old days of @alexalltimelow's myspace...like srsly, now there are super creeps on there 
my four days off holiday is ending. I couldn't do anything I wanted  - http://bkite.com/085tR
is of work for 2 weeks but wont benefit till ive done my last 2 exams  7 days to go ..........................
pinks in 2 days and i have nothing to wear 
@kan then direct message me ur addy. it might be a few weeks b4 i send it tho.  I have a $400 traffic ticket I have to pay first lol.
a recluse for the next 6 days 
6 days of my twenties left 
tired but can't sleep.  too much work to do, cant wait to travel in 2 weeks
i have pigeons in my loft!!! lol and 16 days = long time actually 
Exams looming make me feel really tense and anxious. I can't wait until they're over and I can be free for 6 weeks 
Rays away for 2 days and I'm already mising him 
I haven't slept in almost 2 days and I am just getting worse and worse. 
@GoTeamTwilight i got laid off from my job a few weeks ago cos i'm ill and she says it's not right for me to go off on holidays. 
@urbansmiler No, just at an age where it's getting harder and harder to stay fit - having to work more at it these days.  
well back to work yucky had to many days off 
i busted my ankle two days ago  hate it!!
you know its not the best of days at work when all you seem to wanna do is ram a half chewed biro into your eye socket. today is not good 
On the big yellow thing for only 8 more days. Ah i'm so tired  &lt;3 mandyyy
Booking flights for next month... way to expsensive  or dosen't do right days!
Last 6 weeks (5 days off in total if my calculations are correct) finally catching up with me: I got a stinking cold 
@3sixty5days good luck in the exams... junior cert starts tomorrow .. 
@shortiee31 yup a couple of hours of earring wear is all i can take too, the whole day = total rash 
time to go to work again, got an eye appointment ln a couple hours    i'll get online eventually, probably when  i get to work
nothing special, getting bored these days 
After being out of action for 4 weeks, 2.5 hours was not a good idea. I felt so unfit on the court  calf muscle was close to cramping.
Only two a half days days till i can sleep in and do what eva i want... But then i start camp immediatly aftar... 
@gibbzer It seems these days one has to have a very thick skin to be able to do as much as open the papers! 
I don't feel good  what's the point of having sick days if you can't use them?
hasn't eaten in two days...being sick stinkkssss 
@digitalprophet1 yeah me too, it's been pretty bad the last couple of days 
@chele76 awww... Of all the days for cramps. 
@SkullandSaltire How long did we have it? A couple of days? 
just got stuck in to the revision- bring it on... exam in 2 days... bad times 
Finally added the avatar to my accounts. Probably it was a bug for the last 2 days, but I couldn't do that 
still feeling sick, forced myself to come to work  water &amp; toast = RS diet for last 2 days
@runsintowalls19 booo weeks suck.  but at least you are going on a vacation in a couple days. lol
Hasn't taken a sick day in years...this sucks 
heading to work after being gone 4 days 
 why oh why... a spot... 2 days before i have a date *cries*
@disc0fidget mate exams are badtimes, especially on these warm days! 
I pierced my own ears years ago but I stubbed my toe the other day and it hurt so bad I cried 
Oh my goodness 3 days couldn't come fast enough.. but we aren't ready 
@LittleFletcher I do music tech too...sadly I hav to go in on random days to get some more distinctions  but is is the career I want so...
1/2 marathon is 2 months from today!!!  all of this rain in chicago means more time on the treadmill and less outside though. 
@TheSims3 But 2 days for the netherlands. 
doesnt like all the german tests, two weeks full of them  but is enjoying the sun ;)
i picked up my cap and gown yesterday. that makes the fact that i graduate in 11 days all the more real. getting emotional 
#goodsex when he make ur cycle come a couple days early lol  #badsex it don't come @ all! 
2 days until doomsday, 10+ days without jogo 
Tanning, then getting ready for my bestfriends graduation  it's going to be soo strange. and mine is 2 days from now.. SO bitter sweet
Even on my happiest of days, seeing others sad makes me sad 
I hate rusty water days 
movin' in 2 weeks, goin' through clothes 
@nightlustre worddd ina  few weeks. but class will be ova then 
has not been on twitter for two days and still says i tweeted tom from mcfly 2 days ago.. feel rough and hates hayfever!!!! 
just got back from orthopedic, splint on for 2 more weeks, wow this stinks 
two days in colo facility now i have a cold 
Any update on the brazil flight that disappeared a few days ago? 
getting ready to go to bed.. the days end way too fast 
@JessiCaCa its been 18 days nonstop of thunderstorms here. And you're right we need a $$ break from @nkotb but I'll miss @JonathanRKnight 
@ashlangorse Have fun!!  I can't wait to see that movie....but I have to wait 3 more days. 
We r on 1 income these days wish I could but can't 
 I'm not buying this dress cos its 30 dollars. But my hearts seriously gonna ache for days after it.
getting her new cell tomorrow....kitty missing  4 days now 
2 more days of finals  out on thursday
37 days! kinda excited though i no longer have anything planned 
Hey I'm back had some problems for the past 3 days  so hopefuly it is fixed
billions of eye contacts.! i have, i love him alot, to bad only seven days left of school.!  the bad thing is i think i make it obvious
I'm doing my project that's due in 2 days. I totally forgot about it  So sad
The awesome @butterflyb has a new album out. I won't be able to buy it for another couple of days, sadly. 
@AmbeyAiken:  the sad thing is that I actually made the chkn-n-rice for our dog since he is not eating these days...   But I did samp ...
ive been playing the sims 3 for a few weeks and am already quite bored.  sadness 
zoey has chicken pox  so i will be home for the next 10 days
@CatalinaWorks gimme a minute i'll load up iphoto and take a look to see about a step by step. i don't use it these days 
@puffandruffle geez, woman. i'm leaving in 2 days and you aren't around. 
2 days  I'm tired!! http://tinyurl.com/osrh39
Nothing is working for me  for most three days. I am going down and down
and granny leaves back for trivandrum. house will be empty again in a few days 
net down for 2 days 
@MeliMiyoko HEYYY!!!! i may not be on the internet for the next two days (i probably will be though) cause i have exams 
@xtfrtalr wish i only had 3 days left! 
wants to go out but it's raining. plus, no carr.  I've been here for 4 days straight. 
poor @bradiewebbstack. he's not having good luck these past couple of days 
@JeffTheMidget ive got to cut out the coffee for a few days cos my skin is getting screwed up 
@jsbabylove you know, technology is passing me by these days. so sad. 
throat feels heavy...tired...so stressed  + can't wait to get away from here... 3more weeks til i explore asia!!
I'm sorry if I'm overreacting on things lately but it's just that you haven't been much of a friend these days...  Sorrryyyy
Coming up for 2 wholes days without nicotine - struggling a little 
i miss the days when i lived in sydney &amp; nothing mattered 
@laurahyde very good point! i'd forgotten about glass bottles - rarely see them these days 
why oh why did I not write more comments in my code 6 months ago 
oh man, simple plan used to be fun  i miss their old days...
@UKBento my video is over 4 mins long, i entered in the early days. I am sure there wasn't a time rule on techdigest site. oh no. 
Aw his week isn't good  two more days...mines finito hahaha well no I've got lines lines LINES to learn
@lanzarote whats up with the site? its been down for 2 days 
@Stulittle your days and nites are mixed up too? 
Having one of those days when nothing seems to go right, i hate that! 
i just got a email that made me very sad  it feels like one of the worst days in my life...
i hate bad hair days 
has only 2 more days left in oz 
is going to classes all day. -- r.i.p. shika &amp;&amp; brooke. can't believe it's already been 2 years. 
I hate no-email days...  But I love days where there is cake. And there is cake today! x
lost hockey  2 days till chicago the musical!!
eatin my heart out! lol! 'cause i can't eat that much during school days  4 days left (
Is rockin ramen hair. Long and curly.... 2days its gone 
hates rainy days sometimes  http://plurk.com/p/y4qua
Going to restart my lappy after 11 days of continuous run!! 
@TennisNews She'll get broken... these days she's a mental pancake 
AH1N1 virus in la salle. no classes for 10 days. shucks. 
3 more days until i am no longer a child 
just finishing packing things that I'll be bringing with me to the boarding house. I'll be moving in 3 days. 
just finished packing things that I'll be bringing with me to the boarding house. I'll be moving in 3 days. 
is Utterli in it's last days? The site has slowed to a crawl 
hopefully odu will accept my app. 2 days late 
MISSING those days 
I am looking forward to the next few days' weather with very little glee 
@3sixty5 days you always fall asleep on skype! and what happened... we aren't contacts anymore 
2 more days with my kiddies 
@krisbeh don't tease me  he's coming two days after my  bday and I don't get to see him 
@putriyanadi I dont know.. they said it will arrived 1-2 days,, in fact malah suka lewat, even 4 days,, 
every 2 days some one else is sick  I don't want it next
@madamecupcake will try 2 reply back on etsy 2day k? no worries, no rush here really lol...havent been online in days  
No beach, fml  ... well at least I got a ton done on my days off.
@x_sharon @PoyntlasLove he thinks ive been to college these past few days, when i've skived off :/ dont like lyinggg 
this is the worst nail art ever...I have to fix it every 2 days...and it keeps cracking on the edge 
oh soooo dreading the next 3 days 
is getting the flu, feel like crap the last 2 days 
my days are not complete w/o my baby.. 
T minus two more days of maternity leave.  I can't type a big enough frowny face.  
back on my cruches again!! not had a very good couple of days! 
@internetgoboom I know, where has all the good fic gone?! I miss the early days  At least there's a few good ones still out there
ive been feeling sick the past few days 
@TwittyWoman  2nite leftovers!  yesterdays meal improved w/ age &amp; by not taking 4 hours to prep, 'cept crab cakes &amp; clams r history 
@LRockwellatty *waves* having seen you around in a while. I can't Tweet as much though these days 
@queenie624: its just been one of those days... I'm over it. 
I'm pretty much out of the loop these days. 
my bestfriend leaves four days. 
@DeannaRegina I'm literally going to write you everyday, be prepared. You won't read this for 2 months I just realized.  miss you already
woop 8 days to go!!!....is bored and would like to talk to someone. but they wont talk back 
Everyone's graduating. I have 11 days left 
i don't want to refresh my poupee page coz the rainy days background will go away. 
not looking forward to see the orthoDoc soon, i dont want to eat soup for the next 4 days 
I hate having days off cause I never do anything fun/productive with them. I suck. 
@_Krys That sucks so much, I'm so sorry. We just lost Holly a few weeks ago. 
@jerseygrl hahah seriously they r out of control! I can't believe its ending in 2 weeks already! 
@simplyl I apologize for that late notice 4real. They just invited me to the show like 2 days ago and I barely go info last night. 
@frozenblueeyes well I'm packing up to move today. So no piano playing for a couple of days. 
@dazzleme18 Haha.  I might get highlights, my blonde is getting less blonde and more brown these days.    Also, eyebrows.
i miss robinlover13  she was at my house a couple of days ago =D
@RickyCigs ha! I've only been a bum for 36 days! And counting 
won't see my little brottah for 2 days!  and can'T be at his piano concert gosh  
@deepbluesealove its a bloody glitch :0) quite a few ppl have had it over past few days 
Pissed...my sunglasses that I've had for two days..just cracked for no reason!! They were my fav 
@MirandaPetrella but the pain was soooo bad! they gave me maalox for now but in 4 days if it doesnt go away i need to go take more tests 
@Thracks Sweet. If my 8800GTS bites it, I'll have to whip that out. It'll probably never die since I sadly can't game much these days. 
my last days of fatness.. 
@ss_telecombum i'm showing you've been online consistently for 10.99 days 
what a great day! too bad it's suppose to rain for a couple days 
@ginacena  over 20 days for me to see them I'm having withdrawls
Its so gloomy outside. I hate these type of days ugh! 
dark days are coming. i miss you so much, my baby. 
3 more days til my birthday. can't enjoy it without @soulfulgoddess though.  i'll miss you baby. come back soon. &lt;3
I didn't get paid as much as I thought I would...  Forgot I missed two days of work, not just one. These next two weeks are gonna be lean.
it's the weekend, which means i get to work my other job (three more days before i get a break) but when will i be able to rest? 
just read a journal from 2005, being 12 years old is waay cooler than being 16 
@mikeyguenther I don't have the iphone these days 
Its official: were moving to  murrieta in 30 days  This freaken sucks!
I've officially become my moms slave for the next 11 or 12 days. 
jasonbertrand: Need to stop, fuel up and film for next weeks show. Looks like it might rain  http://twitpic.c.. http://tinyurl.com/qqbb99
I  am gonna stay in 2nite...first time in weeks...and I'm dreading my decision every second 
@knightkr ...no hubby for two days should be  not !!! ...u make me laugh...
productivity almost 0% for 2 days fixing windows for neighbours 
Not being online for 2 days makes you REALLY feel out of the loop! 
Its a trial download. 2 more days to use! 
@Cryptarcadian last I've been there a few yrs back it was ok  I mean foodwise their beer is rather for hot summer days to drink by 6s
@snapcrackleDIAN imy soo much  we always text on days like this...
@imcute519 I seriously went to 3 different places for her today to drop shit off or pay bills AND worked 8 hours. I just want dry sheets. 
R.I.P. Moyager.  it has been a good run.  sorry guys im phoneless for the next couple days! 
@anz_rocks19 just gettin ready to go to work xxx I'm craving for two days off together xx 
My leg is still feeling sore  9 days !
warning: 4 days w.out cigs... may be bitchy! :X ..if i didn't smoke a pack a day, 4 days would be nothing.. not the case though. 
@taleethersaurus guess u don't remember the branchy days? 
@CRAZiixLOVEE aww, babe. i got off a couple days ago.. i miss youuuuu.. 
@MelS we don't know yet she's back from the doc but she could have a fracture where they can't see it so we have to go back in a few days 
I am Sooooooooooooooooooo sick  it has been six days and still no change.
i've done absolutely no work past couple of days, missing @ElizabethYLB  should do something take my mind of it!!! http://the-port.co.uk
@delie31 apparently you're not going to be lucky with the sun for a couple of days now!! 
anna and nicky are leaving for 2 weeks arghhhhhhhhh lonely charlotte 
i hate days when it rains  arrrrrr bring back the sunshine please!!
@MissKatiePrice watched repeat on itv2 last night still can't believe that 3 months ago you both were sayin how much you loved each other 
i want to get out of san diego for a few days. dunno where to go though.... 
@rogueevents are there plenty of hell hounds tickets left because i cant get mine for two weeks 
increasingly relying on google to find words as I translate my website from eng to swe. and on the swedish national day of all days 
@tedwilliams1 glad you don't mind admitting it! I have been mocked the last couple of days 
Misses having an organizer, too many things to keep track of these days. 
13 days until I see my hubby!! I miss him 
Deffinatly havin one ov my bad days 
@3sixty5days aww  me monday morning Chinese paper 1&amp;2 double crappy
The past 4days have been stomach churning, body sickening, heartake pain every minute of the day &amp; it'l carry on for the next 3days 
@bsousa81 altho lately I haven't had any days off  ok back to bed at least for a couple hrs...
@twosoups not yet,  haven't had a day in weeks to sit down and work. so trying to do it in tiny pieces instead..may take a while!
seshing with the coldness of england.. last few days 
ah tired...sleepy...can i go back to bed??  LOL... 13 days to go wooot!!
http://twitpic.com/6qpm9 @luigithescooter @mikecj speedy has battery but still not going, think its a dud after 8 weeks of waiting 
at loji, after 2 days at the hospital  hope that babe will be better soon... 
@circlingdown still here sweetie. just been having migraine from hell these past 2 days 
i must to study.. but i don't want! onyl 9 days to exams! 
2 months of vacation is at the finishing line. Only 1 day to go... 
Whats with all the trolls cropping up these days? This species on kottu is overpopulating - needs family planning counselling 
@bstrebeck haha i got suckered into flowers a few weeks ago. I'm still not a fan 
@K_1977 looks like 2 or 3 good days, the rest rain  boooooooooooooooo haha
last saturday off for 7 weeks!!!! 
my poor puppy has a fractured scapula! He can't do much of anything for 8 weeks  Terrible!
where is my little @kittymac84 .....    6days to go chick.. xxx
It's usually not so nice on my days off. Of course J is too busy sleeping to enjoy it with me 
AAEEEEW my internet back!       I was 2 days without it 
Missing the good old days  wish I could turn back time
fell asleep in bath. felt like a mermaid. tired   oh new phone in a few days 
Has had a migraine for 2 days!? 
missing those crazy fan days! 
Is anyone driving to norcal from la in the next couple of days? I forgot my brand new mix cd that @audreymarshall made me and I'm soo sad 
jake hamilton!! with nattie and ali. memories. tears. 19 days 
I had a gold fish once, and it dyed within 3 days 
how many days is it gonna rain in florida. 2 sunny days and 10 rainy days 
I'm addicted to all those wars games on facebook but they keep crashing and i've not been on for days 
@stc043 . Unfortunately, we wouldn't be able to sit together to work on the project for a few days. So there is a little delay. 
Finished days ago, now I caught a cold and I'm not able to show it off  http://bit.ly/XCTkT
My head has been increasingly aching over the past couple of days. Cannot determine correlation to my sleep pattern or anything. 
@Ucsmiles He'll just be here a few days, but that's better than nothing!  He's not moving home this summer 
@StewartKris i love you. i leave to new york in 5 days. i'm so nervous and even more excited. ahh. wish me luck on the scare plane 
I think i need some new friends...  No one ever wants to talk to me these days 
Recession = very few freebies at the dog events these days. 
54... wants to go somewhere again tonight... but i haven't slept in my bed in 2 days and i miss it 
devins helpin me study. lots to do. what a yucky day for grad parties  nine days 
@gegiizsodope definitely...    --- so it has been a rough couple of days for me... and whats wrong with u?
@launiiqueadrii  i work tomoro and the only days i have off is weds and thurs.... u believe that.... bullshittttttttttttt
@AngelSupastar you know what's funny, I could've gotten my birthday present 9 days ahead of time. oh well 
@rnbguru nope, but I'm about to. please, I don't listen to radio these days, ever, and I sadly don't have time to sit surfing for music 
@DaBigT just had my first fag in 6 months and it was lovely... did you run outta rum? 
misses the days when i hv sgporeans in my course  n that i know that i m not alone 
Of all days for sourceforge to go down 
18 days until 'minor play dublin then metro station 4/5 days later going to be great! though no cameras allowed when seeing metro station 
I miss vanessa! why'd she have to leave for so long?  3 days without her... haha, I think I'm going to die.
This sucks. I hate being sick on weekends  But only 2 more weeks till summaaaa ;)
@Sckit yeah, it was pretty bad. He's leaving in 8 days. 
Home!  i love my own bed but the last two days have been amazing!  i love you x
After nursing every 1-2 hrs for two days and a week of herbs, I just pumped for 30 solid minutes and got nothing but drops. So sad. 
@strangetymes awesome!2 months!..but i go on holiday with some friends so..that's 10 days less,and on camp,thats another 10 days 
going over to anthony's finally...it's been 3 days 
@ether_radio no more than three days!!!!! nunny 
I need 2 shout out a apolgy 2 every one i've been around the last 3 days , wasnt takin meds right so sorry 
Some days are so nice they make you wish you had someone to share them with. The single sadness  hahah
had tons of fun the past two days, but is missing J 
really going to miss this iPhone when I come home on two days. 
@A__W ohh i miss you too  what happened? i'll be here for you! and i'll see you in 25 days.!
hazy days back again 
just finished cooking vegesausage &amp; bakedbean casserole.  Going back to work in 2 days  back to driving the big trucks
Having a hard night...I cannot believe that my life has changes so drastically in the last 37 days. I was happily married, now I'm not. 
@luminairex seems it's related to domain name servers not resolving in my area. It could be days. 
@alyssatasker everything is on computerz these days  I should of printed all my notes then I wouldn't of needed a puter 
9 days till LVATT!!! i can't wait!!! ... well in america that is ... 
iTunes won't read my run data I can't upload them anymore   Not for the next few weeks I guess until I get it fixed..
is super sad without her hubby... only 5 more days, still too long! 
works the next 8 days in a row 
@jealousydesign A few days apart is healthy but after a few weeks I miss him   I worry more about him flying    4 degrees!! brrrrrrrrrrr
I think I have lice. my heads been itchy for weeks!!! 
@THEsaragilbert I hear you there..I have been sick for the past couple of days and I too feel very guilty.  
Is waiting for a holiday he promised me  take some days off sih sayang huaaa
back to work!  11 days of leave isn't enough 
putting away clothes that i have been on my floor for days. sleeping without @mikeeemoore tonight  ily
what a rough and tumble couple of days...BLEH 
@startonomics: @vishnupsp oooh, dowry is another topic we cud debate 4 days, and end up confused. i failed miserably in all my attempts. 
@SarahMorrison but you gon have to stop smokin weed too  ... dude ill go with you i got 6 months.
days off go to fast 
@nikkibop all my memo padfiles were deleted. I been working on this next chapter for three days to make it perfect!!!  gone!
just had one of the worse days ever 
oh god 3 more days 
3 whole days without my guitar.  I've never been away from it for so long!
@cluckhoff i went mtbing with a sore throat on monday, crashed and burned hard for the next three days 
2 days left til exams.. !  how can this be possible??
out of tea  and didn't shave in the last three days.
2 more days with my kiddies 
just made it through 16 hours of maths in 2 days: exams next week! 
I miss the old days, when the trending topics were about computers and not twilight...  whatever...
8 texts to last me 5 days 
ah ah ah  won't be online for a few days, charger is bust -sob-
missin` already my highschool days... 
@OUBad right now we are hopeful for 30-45 days  fingers crossed it's sooner depends on closing.
off to work again  but the circus is coming in 12 days
I've woke up well late, half the days gone already 
3 days of coaching done!!! now i'm aching all over 
@cyphersushi  i'd send sunshine, but we don't have any   been raining here for days
just put loads of pics from last day of primary on my laptop. it feels like it wasa so long ago even though it was only 3/4 years ago 
earthwormjimmy http://bit.ly/14L1Q1 : any attention is good attention these days  but what does tyvm mean? :?
@WifiGoose how long have you been doing the #wiiactive? I am 10 days in I can feel the burn but not seeing the results! 
Sims 3 would really make sense right now, waste a few more of my grounded days 
i am bored. i need something to do  last day of holidays (( arghhh 8 weeks of school... AFTER THAT 6 weeks full of free time yay
My last few days with my beloved laptop 
http://twitpic.com/6tt0k - I miss the DJ'ing days! 
3 more days... i think i'll miss you a lot... 
sometimes I hate having two days off in a row.  I come back to work having to do damage control. 
I can't breathe. I haven't taken a real breath in two days. I hate when people prove your worst thoughts about them true. 
Bad dreams and rainy days make me want to stay in bed! 
blehh, i'm suuuuperrrrr sick.  just a few more days...
My cat hasn't come home for 2 days already. I'm starting to get worried (although he already did this a few times before). Where are you? 
Cousins woke me up...can't member my dream  have member any of them in days blah!
oops i meant 3 weeks, not 2. bummerrrrrrr  x
found out I'll be operated on 2 days before my birthday  need some sympathy please
CTs in 2 days!! 
@lifeless_tress We really must. Aaaah, I miss those days too 
I have exam in 2 days,poor me 
@aileendee  take care with that...  I am in the same boat having worn a boot for the last 65 days... possible surgery ahead   
@eastatx def leppord but not ac/dc. Kids these days. They just don't get it. 
10 days and countin..  
i hate those dreams  ....its gona be one of those days...
3 days till my bday! That should put me in a better mood, but doesnt 
@thetwilitetone I heart @thetwiltetone. I miss those days we worked everyyyy single day. Does anything stay the same 
@CrysAntonia nOpe I got a job I start tomorrow     LIFe is sTartin but I'm comin in like 2weeks ..I was just there for like 3days
Jst come in i am freeezing  and sooo confused boys these days  x
2 days weekends feels quicker than 5 weekdays ..  .. I am miscaculating something
is ready for 4 weeks of diet and exercise before holiday. lord have fucking mercy 
I'm depressed b/c I just bought something like 4 days ago and it just broke in my hands 5 mins ago. 
things will never be the same again,its not good   still agree with 7 days ago 
my playstation has been broken for 3 weeks now 
misses her ONE chance to see john for three or four months 
YEEEAH the summer in 24 days WOW.. yes i wait 
seriously not looking forward to 2 days of first aid 9 - 4:30 
It's been a shitty couple of days for me  Litterally
this is one of the worst days in recent memory 
@megan_mcfly  oh yeah my friends are doing them in two weeks. i'm still doing my ones - biology i'm onto in two weeks. which i also hate.
@harisn Still miserable cuz my ears are plugged  I feel like I'm living under water for the past couple of days.
kristin went to ottawa for 7 days  miss you babe
I wish my skate days weren't so damn tempermental 
@bxsexiestcheeks....lmao i worked like 8 days in a row....lo siento 
My internet has been down 4 the past 2 days. WHY? 
just finished watchin the hills on the net !!! missed this weeks  ....... still recovering rom last nite = i hate being sick 
oh and @sup_michaela , that is killer! by the way, I leave in a week, I won't be able to talk to you for 5 days!  what will I do?
@sarandipity I watched all 13 over 2 days. Now I've finished it I'm having major withdrawls. 
@chris_burnett I can't!  at least not for a few weeks haha.
just thought I would show you a picture of me when I was younger. Yupp, those were the good o'le days  http://twitpic.com/6vdvf
@mtrench ahhh they stopped letting me vote .. idk why.. like, I haven't tried to vote in like .. a few days but they still won't let me.. 
I found a cup of milk left in my room for days. It's disgusting! It smells horrible 
ugh! I have to do four more maryknolls!  ..on the brightside,o5 more days!!! 
it's now 11.41am and the housework is multiplying before my eyes, stopping me from sewing!!   I cleaned 2 days ago!
i count the days untill our friendship is normal again. 
@IAmNoeAngel i know! I was thinking about her a few days ago! Where the hell all the RODs go!!! The fam is disappearing on us 
looks like another sleepless night because of pain. it will probably take days for the antibiotics to kick in 
@6od out of 236 days that I have data for, 66 of them have an attempted suicide. That's pretty high. 
getting a haircut these days is so expensive 
has applied for like 15 jobs in the last 5 days, no response 
@BlessedBeauty12 LOL I used to eat whatever you didn't eat...you only ate 'some' of the meat off the bones lmao...I miss those days 
sending my idiotic viewsonic monitor for repair. 3 days without games 
Another how many days before I get to see my love again 
I've been off for 4 days and this morning it feels like no break at all 
No twittering for 3days 
Sucks I  been sick this past few days 
i feel lame for liking this song  it is over produced but what else can you expect from any band these days
bugger me! domain name transfers must occur min 7 days before expiration, which means it's too late to transfer http://mercilessflirt.com 
so... we have four days left.. this sucks 
Just went to check my bank balance and I have zero pennies left.... And it's  10days 'til pay day 
gooooddd morning!!!!!! i hate mondays  mcfly 5 days!!! birthday 12 days!!! tweet tweet
morning all, 3 days to go on ebay items but no bids  lots of watcher though
aahh .. where have sunny days gone  ? It doest look like summer out there :p
aahh .. where have sunny days gone  ? It doesn't look like summer out there at all!! :p
@ina_baby yea, its just one of those days. 
@kateboardman driving is awful these days, wish i didnt have to so much too - practical alternatives are few and far between tho 
 all nighter. yeeeeeeeeeeeessshhhh what a nightmare up coming 2 weeks. cannot wait to graduate!
AHHHHHHHH. all the single ladies will not leave my head. I've been humming it for three days straight. 
@MagpieSparkles my twitterific hasn't been working for the last two days  some kind of error
music, ethics and me....       ahhh wishing for bright sunny days and being bound gagged and kidnapped...
still wishing my water breaks im so done being prego 39 weeks and 5 days grrrr  cant wait to see my little girl so anxious
@laura_gardiner 5 - 7 days, just means I have to get out of bed to use a pc 
bilang it has been 100 days since it happens  http://plurk.com/p/111l5n
just took my last final!! now perusing around florence the next couple of days and saying my goodbyes 
fall '09 course registrations are on the 24th! yay friday offs. ugh - not enjoying these ridiculous lab days 
9 days until my stitches get taken out, 9 days of boredom, not a good start to the holidays 
10 days till bf comes down! i miss her 
and theres no signal out there  also ill be out there for 3 days 
@Wendymd  that sucks... 5 days!!!!!
Aw crap. I miss a couple of days on Dailybooth and loose three follwers. How sad 
i wish getting famous was easy  there some good talent out there but these days it has to be up to expectations for them to get famous
my stress-free days are gone  crap
my gosh i feel so freakin sickkkk. in going crazyyy! i didnt go out for 3 freakin days!!!! i cant take it anymoreeee!!    
@emmiem twitteriffic hasn't worked for me for the past few days on the iphone 
Has had a very expensive two days with legal costs and replacing my watch 
@djbressler My mailbox limit, enough for about 3 PPTs these days, forces a weekly auto-archive process.  
Some lucky bastard has a holiday in 2 weeks. And that bastard aint me. 
is worried about her cat, Wotsit. I haven't seen him for 3 days!! 
misses the good ol' days // wishing I can spend time with some friends again 
Science  .......................... bday 8 days (: ........... xxx
has realized there are only 12 more working days left with my current employer. 
lookin for an apartment. i really wish i could have gotten that one...  23 weeks and 3 days. oh my!!
It's a bad day to be a shelter cat. The summer &quot;at capacity&quot; months are here 
doesn't like rainy days....we can't open 
@tinymel96 yeah I set it aside but it only last for a few days.  I'm waiting for that energy boost you get from exercising
finally finished....103 episodes of lost in 7 1/2 weeks.  I feel more productive already.....Now about the whole waiting till 2010 thing 
talking to ella reliving memories from the old days and the last weekend things are neving going to be the same again 
I've had such bad hayfever these past days 
it's officially been 23 hours since i last watched #chuck. that's the longest period i've gone without it for 67 days 
@meredi no. and i guess it went fine, but i get shots and have sprays, so they like checking and rechecking every four months. 
of all days to get sick 
#iremember when I was sick before I started my business, I could curl up for days and be a baby until I got better. 
#iremember when the parkers used to always air  good ol days
@kojobaffoe Me too!!  This has not been a good couple of weeks for Egyptian football.
very unhappy - bike sick and in hospital for a couple of days  http://southernbiker.wordpress.com/
Going to work sucks on beautiful days 
Wishing the rain away at least for a couple of days! 
@emma2772 i ordered mine about 4/5 days ago ... 
errr bad headache for two days 
everything scares me these days 
wishing that i was vacationing at a really really nice resort...oh where is the money theses days? 
Gearing up for the graduation parties over the next few weeks. And none of them are for me 
Feeling unbelievably tired ... I'm attributing it to the fact I haven't slept properly in the past 2 days. 
@walkingsoulrea 10 days. we're driving..leaving out at 4am on wednesday! it feels like its been a long time  at least 3 months!
@jzahner I know me too... Now I have to accumulate vacation and fight people for the good days 
@katierzemien thats not going to take the whole day is it? i only have like 3 full weeks to spend with you! 
I miss @hiuxing. I haven't talked to her in like two days 
what a hangover man... 2 days and I'm still bad 
I'm being informed that I may not be eligible for unemployment 3 weeks after being told I am and spending my savings with that in mind 
@emzish why? thats strange bluetack always works my posters havnt even been dispatched yet  it could be as much as 12 more working days!
@ShanteCurtis idk...cuz i still have college to finish from august to december  i think i'll be there for like 10 days or 2 weeks maybe 
@joerjohnson My power steering was bad LAST WEEK.  I know the feeling man, I'm creeping up to $3K in misc mechanics bills in last 60 days.
@zoeistopdog chocolate cake helps when you feel unwell. I have been nursing a virus for 3 weeks now 
@millamanila that's weird! you're like always a few days behind me lol. sorry about the storm 
this weeks gonna suck  .. i feel like ive lost half of my life 
Expecting another good few days of moving furniture around  sob.
@rebeccashearing haha and what's about you?  we dont tweet since weeks  I had a lot of exams U.U exhausting lol xx
my head has been bothering me for a couple of days....guess its time to go to the doctor 
@holler2party ugh, you're telling me.  I'm going to be staying at the house for another 15 days - a month  I wanna live in my new spot!!!!
@rabbitroodle tell me about it. And I'm locked in a room for two days of meetings to boot! 
palm springs in 2 days! yesss vacation&lt;3 as for now, i'm home alone.  booo.
Why does it seem like they have the guys out holding the little ceasar's pizza signs on the hottest days possible?? 
@kingju i was just telln someone about our massive dormwide water fights. i miss those days 
I miss my nisha already! 4 more days 
2 days till mums back after 10 weeks, damn gotta clean the house 
Three weeks without a sale. It's beginning to hurt my feelings 
I'm at 32 weeks. Is that long enough? These babies are getting big and lumpy.  
@editorialiste Wow...a naked supermodel can't even sell magazines these days 
@marysfreebies You can send send some of that heat up here   It's been in the 50's for the last 2 days  Have a great night!
 i get my flip-flops in a few days but i am not happy.
is there anything to now a days? i'm cooped up n bored 
ive had cramp for the past 2 days and nothing has came of it, is this good or bad hmm. it hurty 
My craving is not satisfied  this is day 3 of bad days 
tired. So upset about my dress. How hard is it these days to cinch in a little cotton dress these days, without screwing it up? 
I'm really sick yall I've been taking medicine like all day 4 2days now 
walking around in the same haze... losing time in these strange days 
one of these days i hope to figure things out...   
Four days ...and their going to feel like for ever 
@MasArdo hey! not much. enjoying my last two weeks here, in Jkt  u?
couple more days till my bpp @ericAmazing leaves for paradise without me 
ahhh i just realized we graduate tmr !  we go from being owls to mustangs in a matter of months. that's skill. goodnight everyone!&lt;3
Probably wont have the internet for a few days 
@LilMissPunkie ok i have 2 more days to somehow make this happen 
Just got off the phone with @matthewcostner. This whole 'three weeks apart thing' isn't working for me. Too much like our dating days. 
isnt going to sleep tonight with the incoming storm...  &lt;-15 &amp; 20 days!!-&gt;
@lizelleE mannnn ine find no mango yet  and i been here for like 6 days already
Oh how I miss the good ol' days... 
I've been away from astrology/tarot stuff for a few days.  I feel pretty blocked up! 
three days from now, i can start waiting properly to hear aboot my course, i bet they lost my application though haha 
who knew there were so many fissures, fossas, tuberosities and more on all your freaking bones!!! I'm learning them all in 4 days 
i really wish u were close by, like two doors away like the old days, so i could talk to you, i miss that luxury  @jessicaronald
@ak618 It almost seemed like the good ole days---except we lost!! 
 I am such a wus these days...
kitty missing for 3 days now 
haven't #squarespace in a few days... ops! 
I'm starting to get used to the fact that i leave in 2 days  i'll miss you lots
finally came to office.. after more than 1200km travel in just two days.. really tired 
I'm up still,can't sleep&amp;thinkin about jessi  we havnt talkd in almost 2 weeks,idk how much longr this can go on, we start talkn&amp;then stop
@jeorgina sorry 4 not commenting in the last few days, i've been busy 
grr...i am so bored! their is nothing to do!  i have gone threw 2 phones in the past 2 weeks!!! and both their batteries died! it SUCKS
5 more days...ugh. i cant take this separation 
trying to sleep wheb having a screaming headake... for 4 days 
I'm so stressed out about deadline I'm missing for more than two weeks, that I can't work or think or do anything 
Wish the stuff I ordered online would show up, 14 days and counting! They said it could take as long as 20 before they ship it though 
twitterless for the next couple of days 
Apologies for the lack of updates for the last few days but I appear to have broken myself  Probably head to the hospital later.
@missjo5ie It doesn't work as well. I've tested it the last 6 months. I leaning towards lactose intolerant more than gluten. I love milk 
@davejamesnewman I'm a bit late, but thanks!  The office is always quiet these days 
rainy days are for beeing in bed   
@saltevents I haven't tried local honey for any longer than a few days, boredom sets it 
5 days of freedom 
@denisecortez yeah! rainy days suck 
@Sweets4life yup. did that 2 weeks ago 
@ALOliver Not really. Just the peaceful coupla days are ended  I'd say Sprog is knackered - did they just stay up all night?
@90rachal the emilie bashing. i'm lost too. i was out of the loop for 3 days 
I am going to lose interwebz in a few days 
As days pass it's getting harder to stay optimistic ugh, will have all someday... 
y'day after a long run held my E-51 to my ears n sweat entered it..stopped working  now back to nokia 3120.. good old days.. 
@laughteriskey email them, cause u normally get it a few days prior but that seems so late. u reminded me i didn't get mine either 
@lbruno I'm sad I've been sick for the few nice days we've had... no outside running 
2 days running the cleaners did not pitch up 
@komikero frustrations? 'one of those days?' 
@iamCieraNicole  soooooo im thinking we need to go out like ASAPPPPPP due to the fact that i havent seen you in 945797357 days 
skewl time  ppl r so fake these days
gahhh arm's aren't working, portfolio defeated me  next few days are going to be interesting...! x
last few days in london... sad   but i heart demi lovato. haha
Last two days are a bit relaxed.. coming days are very hectic for me  hoping for a cool break this weekend...
Only working 3 days this week because of a computer error, however 2 of those days are going to be long ones 
i miss my cubing days 
@KashmereNBT I wish I had 3 days throught the wk off.  since u got promoted, can I take u old job? O wait what do u do?
@mattedmondson it's one of those days where everyone is annoying me 
@dressjunkie about 6 weeks premature wee soul.  
I've been sick on and off for weeks. This sucks. 
cannot cope with this blleding for another two weeks  cant get over it
doctor talk me that my leg wil be hurt for two weeks 
Just had a meeting with one of my older clients. He's not looking too good these days 
@jordan120 i've been playing this for months in the office, you only ever take music advice from @RobdaBank these days 
waiting for the doctor...again!!! this past few days have been doctor days!! i want to feel better!!  ....
the past 4 days went way too fast 
@shannonmw They gave 30 days notice (exactly!) but I was out of town 
Wants to go and sleep/rest. 28 more days of this... 
in the cold i'm standing....(which's boring) coloring the void, the calendar. everything seems to get shorter, oh 12 more days 
@bennsu 5 days. I cant live off smoothies for 5 days 
is sad to see the days go by and I'm doing nothing with them... 
@fawksbeaumont that's not a big number 200 days are over before you know it 
I think i need a real good rest, been sick for 2 weeks liao 
running out of rizla is depressing. 50 cigarettes in 2 days 
@KristelAce it's not the actual laundry that takes me several days, it's the putting away of all the clothes that takes me about 3 weeks 
wants to be back at camp  ahh 3 more days!
svn is really slow the last few days... not happpy 
@Phirewire too many shoots / agent appointments..only get to see my mum for 2 days  haven't seen her in a year+
have to build up my immunity on a vegan diet for the next couple of days 
@hairycornflakes happens every 5-7 months &amp; lasts 2-4 days until it migrates out. docs cant operate on it. walk like a special til then 
internet down.  haven't updated in days!
@xSKYLINES   When I have mine it pure knacks, specially like 2 days before.
Studying for exams  cant wait for megs to come here in 17 days!!!!
My daddy is leaving 4 wisconson 4 2weeks 2day 
@Markable hey!!! ...now it's better, very busy days.. 
two days left at the juuuuuuuuuuu. i'mma miss you girlies 
i still need to have a burial for davy jones. he's been floating in his bowl for days now. 
My allergys have been so bad my nose has been bleeding for 2 days straight 
Presentation days are just so boring 
Just dropped off my bike... It's going to take a couple of days. 
gettin braces in two weeks  
@greygoosebubby I spent 865 bucks two weeks ago on new brakes and 4 new tires--so yes, they are trying to rip you off.  
@maddiehelman Haha...sorry i shouldn't be laughing  in a couple of days u should feel like 80 % better. the first couple of days are rough
i have 3 days in a row off!! what should i do!? its raining out so im stuck inside 
I'm sad that I can't ride my bike for the next few days. 
I'm very sad because my fedex tracking number isn't working it's been 2 damn days *cries* where is by new laptop? 
@dogwinters It only lasted 3 days  Always going to be tough getting away with taking your camera into the bog. I know, I've tri-(sniiip!)
yes I was still sleep @daviesgravey. and I only like days off when I don't have cramps  lol
told you @ShawtiiSoSweet total fat girl moment...ugh. p.s. ugh's are my 'lols' for the next 3days...can't laugh it hurts 
9days till my bday and I'm starting to feel soooo sick  I knew I shouldn't have left the fan on while I slept =/
@cosRobPerkins They haven't told me hahaa...I'm there right at the beginning but I did say I only wanted to do a couple of hours  Why?
then i checked on her later in the day and she fell out of her nest so she has been living in our garage 4 the past 2 days now shes gone 
@amandapalmer very sorry about the kidney infection, i've had one once it was very painful the first couple days. but it gets better 
@nadinadidadi hell yea was dead to the world! i hope i feel btta done missed 2days 
One of those days where everyone AFKs me again 
one of those rainy days 
Kissed my boys goodbye until I see them again in 9 days  I miss them already.
Last dayy of D&amp;T  so sad heres no more classes  ............. ^6^ days till' grad 
the boyfriend left for camp this morning, which means no sammy for 2 months   but i leave for georgetown in 11 days!!
mmm... who do I have to blow to get my computer fixed!  lol i have to wait a couple weeks... not fun
my scalp is on fire  apparently i dye it to much its only every4 weeks .... lol
Power browning out.  another storm. It been storming for bout ... 20 days now?
my eyes are burning but i cant stop. only 5 more days till i finish my course... 
inside bored on these nice days 
omg what the... for weeks i thought i needed to do 4 lesson plans....  but just now i found out that i only needed to do two.....
Just had to help the missus up the stairs. She's having a bad few days. 
nothing like having to go to the dr twice, not being able to breathe and puking for 2 days 
I cant wait until my new and fully functioning phone arrives...only 2-3 more business days 
omg...Pushing Daisies is SO painful to watch these days. SO terrible 
I miss my dancing days, I wish I had that back again  I can't wait til it starts back up!!!
haha taylor swift rapping with t-pain. i love her. and cant believe it was only 5 days ago that i saw her live. it seems like forever ago 
graduation in two days 
Thinking of i'm about to be 45 years old on saturday, it's all down hill from here 
@mlbarnes2009 So busy bee, what have you been up to? You're not on as much these days and you're forcing me to miss you. so wrong! 
Sucks when you have days off and you have nothin to do 
I am so on edge. I need a vacation or something.  5 1/2 more weeks. 
@ohhellofriend: ouch i feel you! i hate sorethroats. no genuine remedies here. it just takes a few days to past. 
@SuzanneReed But, 70 years of coffee drinking kind of screwed up his ticker. He has to spit it out these days 
@Bodybugged Congrats! Its been 10 days for me and still nothing  and I've been exceeding my goals.
I might be saying bye to my iPhone for a few days 
@stellth yah and I'm kicking myself for waiting until 4 days before we leave to find this out 
muscle fatigue is setting in already - few more days to recovery day 
cant believe dat in 10 days college begins  :-D  
Is just having one of those days!!!  In desperate need of cheering up...any takers ; ) Lol
@jenny10001 i think im sleeping in school haha oh lucky you!  i must wait till weekend  but in 2 weeks  i have holidays 8 weeks *__*
@Sirjohn_writer *sigh* can't wait for beach days. The weather has been rainy and chilly here. 
I hate the first few days after I get my eyebrows done. I look like I could be in a chinese opera. All you can see are my browss 
@itshanni3 my luck has nosedived - I havent won for days   I want one more before we're through
I am sevearly for the legalization of marijuana...its so dry in my area and I haven't had but one good nights sleep in weeks cuz of it 
@BrookeReviews at least I'm not the only one.  I can't even motivate myself to read....for the past 3 days! Sucks 
these are the days i wish i still had my WoW subscription 
can't believe her bestfriend is leaving her for 5 days 
@SittinPretty08 really. The longest I've gone is 2 weeks and I felt like crap 
only ten days left..whaaa? 
days continue to pass, stars continue to shine; why do I have tears in my eyes, when he was never really mine? very sad &amp; alone 2nite 
@brookeburke i miss those days!!  
@ziptied thx for asking - i'm feeling better but not 100%... skipped 4 days of karaoke out of the 8 days of mayhem 
heartburn again. i thought i gave up the heartburn when i quit rrstar.com and went to fatwallet.com. 3rd time in 10 days   
good night world.... I wish I could time travel to a future date and never look back..... days can't come soon enough..... 
i am sick of getting woke up so early on my days off 
I leave for the beach friday! But I have SO much to do the next 2 days, and I work both! 
hey everyone! it's been awhile... someone make me feel wanted. these days i am feeling all sad and lonely. 
@m1ssRISS hmmm i see. i miss seeing u out. those were the days 
I can't sleep.  too much thinking for me tonight. Sighhh another one of those days where things just get you thinking.
@jorjeena fuck you fuck you fuck you I have another couple of days left 
Ahhh, my neck is killing me! I must have done something while sleeping, it's been bothering me for a couple days now. 
Making out 2days to do list &amp; excited about getting through it!!time for a hot bev first as my throat is a little sore this morning 
@alecwalker is tweetie behaving for you? The last few days it's been flaky as hell for me. I rebewted but to no avail. 
wtf?! just noticed a grey hair on my head!!! :S that only proves even more how stressed i am these days...  need some days off! 
@Gabyyyyyy i miss your face! I will call u tom. to make plans! wub u &amp; its been an eternity!... how many weeks has it been? 
boyfriend is on 12 hr shifts six days a wekk now. poor guy. 
http://twitpic.com/7lut0 - I miss these days 
unfortunately i must send back my trogdor hoodie as i ordered the wrong size :'( another few weeks of waiting now  i love #squarespace
Watching spiderman and regretting eating so much junk the past couple of days... 
@jodrell was a glitch that lasted 3 days  now im normal
@mandylw of course, if you know where to look it's been available to download for days, not that I can install it 
I can't belive it my birthday is in 9 days I'm getting so old 
back to my insomniac days where I can't sleep 
@ssjsid  havnt seen clouds in like .. 3 months now..! last best climate here was rain at 2 in the night!
nothing of i ever happened. All my great memories are with her and my happy days was with her. i still love her. but i miss her so much 
5 days left with my little ones. And I don't think they quite understand. 
@gradyj78 yeah! I better be! Its only 19days!!!!! It really should be clearing up by now but its not 
@bec0074 I hope all the crocheting is going well - I haven't touched mine in a couple of days 
quite a few check-ins about to go in, the next few days.... lots of lines of code to read through 
@tiedyeina lucky you! 6 more days 
looking at all the crap on and around my desk and wondering if 4 weeks is long enough to clean it all up 
@robinlondon seville, puerto banus &amp; morrocco... but not for another 3 weeks 
I wish my parents let me have days off I really need to rest 
Get down and study - udy - udy ! Lots to do, have to make up for my sickk days 
@hopefulauthor go you!!! I haven't wrote a word in weeks now. Really must try harder 
i duno why i am feeling nauseous these days... im not a pregger! it might b cuz my schedule is so wack! my body is protesting! 
After reading the ghostbusters instruction manual cover to cover, I'm sooooooo psyched to play... one of these days 
@elanatjie Its a good thing I have been getting in shape I have about 1000 to palletize this week.  I wont need the gym for a few days lol
@DavidArchie Awww man I just woke up so I missed your interview  see you in 12 days!
105 days to get down to a size 16!  How did I ever let myself get this way 
@PhatCrayonz I so want to start running and cant cause over here it has been raining all these days... 
my lip still hurts  still got portugal to look forward to in 4 days!
sorry for being so quiet for the past few days. been in the hospital. 
Not having the best of days so far.   Really hoping my car problems are not going to be astronomical.
just pre-ordered my iphone 3G S hpefully its here in less than 14 days 
@natalieevarose sounds amazing,was so sad to leave  going back in 3weeks 4 oyster fest!cant wait!
I remember when &quot;14 days til end of the qtr&quot; meant 14 days til a bonus. Ah, nostalgia. 
Going back after a long day and need to help a girl for her exam so the days not finished 
bad news for my lovely followers, i have to look after my nieces i think i won't be here for 11 days 
after a relaxing two days off...back to work 
#movingin AND it's a penthouse (sounds like a good thing). But there's almost no chance it'll still be there in 6 weeks  Typical
5 days till i get my braces. 
crappy days work 2day! &amp; hay fever/allergy/cold or whatever its, is killing me 
@BigMickTait  you seem to be having a lot of bad days lately. sympathies 
@duruonver ..   C'mone girl ..  I can't wait 11 days .. It's too long    ..  I miss you more ;)  ..  I love you too !!
needs to start revising for maths gcse. 6 days left. 
where are those days .. blore lazy sunday mornings.. i hear traffic now  come back good ol' days
hates dull and gloomy days.... 
I am shitting a thousand million bricks for next weeks exams  I'm gonna fail baaaad 
@nitweet Makes me sad about politics these days. 
@berrics The Berrics website is very slow for the last days. 
@lauradoeslaura but that fell thru like a motherfucker...so funds for three days of loll just doesn't see. To be in the cards. 
back to work after 16 days off   boooo!!
@dnds the problem is, my jobs really steal my days, nduy 
. @pickwick dammit just reminded me I ain't done mine in a couple of days. That's me off the studio managers xmas card list 
 rest... need to wait for couple of days...
I been sick for a couple of days. Now I feel like I missed out on stuff.  I hate that :/
4 more days till sadness on the beach 
@deena1313 Thats so awesome! I miss those days when I had an actual vacation 
argh! still haven't done P90X (was going to do KenpoX and YogaX to make up for a couple lost days) but now I have to go grocery shopping 
got denied for the airforce today,  ill try again in a coupe months 
i need a working torrent of fringe asap. mine still hasn't budged in 3 days 
the waking up....it hurts....today is gonna be a litre of mother day, I can tell already...2 more days till sleeping in, 2 more days!! 
No poo in 2 days  my stomach is hard as a brick  &lt;3
i missd da days when everyone wasnt polo  i was uniqueeeeeeeeee
all i see is rain for the next 10 days!    I might have to do a dance or something, see if I can turn it around!
I miss those childhood days sooooo much! 
Shit!! only 4 more days 
@foiledcupcakes it is pretty crazy!  It has taken me a lot longer than a few months to get my 802 followers 
I don't like days when I barely get to sit down at my desk.  stupid meetings...
i miss the days i had plenty of mulla in the bank, partied till dawn at least four nights a week &amp; ate in expensive restaurants daily 
My god this day has been so gay i feel like i havent seen colton in 4542284552452 years 
The site will still be updated sparingly until my laptop is back. Should only be a few more days hopefully 
I'm pretty sure my head is going to explode from all of the drinks I have to remember.  Two more days left...
sucks at math.... it's 170 days  
Why is everyone breaking up these days?  I'm thankful for my relationship 
Feeling very sluggish after having not played tennis for three days. I feel bad: I slept instead 
@aaronhalford I wish that our actual freetime still happened on the same days. 
Just found out that the electric was out at our house for days due to storms. Kittez ok but we lost all of our food. 
day off for more study. will be gald when these trials are over then its heads down bum up for the next 4 months 
World, forgive me for the next few days. I'm on my monthlies 
last two days of preseason 
@doubleickey i tried that a couple days ago and it never came 
...workout was tough tonight!  I can tell I took a few days off. 
only two more days on the east coast...then it's back to vegas 
@jane__ I just feel bad because I know you miss him. I'd be sad if I didn't get to see mine for two days. 
63 days kids!! I'm wantin to go home real bad 
The last 4 days have been awful.  I've been so dizzy and sick and it won't go away!  
Today was one of those days when I wanted to pull my hair out of frustration, argh! 
Lol I miss everyone! These next 5 days are definatly going to be tough 
Is in his own bed 2nite!  i already miss my man. 3days and 2nites at my bfs house. We had a great time. U make me the happiest ever. &lt;3 u
@Harrysbarperth hehe i actually turn 20 at the end of this month but because i have an inflammed liver no drinks for 3 months  sucks haha
Jess where are you? Its my last chance to see you for 3 weeks  &lt;+Christian+&gt;
Oh my lord, I haven't been to the gym in 4 days and I know have to pay for it 
@alibergman theres a possibility i am busy  what ammmm i going to dooooo, you are leaving me here to rot for 6 weeks!!!!
wireless is acting schizophrenic... sometimes its good, sometimes not... think we fried it a couple days ago 
one of those days ... when nothing works right 
4 days to go. I miss my cats soooooooooooooo much 
crazy busy for the next few days.  I need a break 
@tylercaulfield i remember my mole eating days. I miss mole 
@lovin_syl I missssss u tooooo! Them people got u working too hard. I don't see u in the days anymore 
Not really feeling like myself these past couple days. I've really been white knuckling it 
@MsZai  the baby is leaving in few days *tear*
@thousand a really snooty old couple 
Enjoying the last of my day off....have to work for the next 5 days in the row 
glad for two days off - five straight after tho   goodbye weekend
i updated from my blackberry like 10 times in the past couple days. and it hasn't been sending  how lame!!
@TomFelton well i just watched a trailor for half blood prince.again.lol.and let me tell you..i am pumped.another 27 days til july 15 tho 
3days ahead, wont be so bad i guess 
@colorguardbabi8 nice! i feel bad because we got off 2 weeks before you guys...but we will probably go back first  lol
http://twitpic.com/7ovh9 - @nicolle77 this was it after the wreck  I cried for days! We took lots of parts from it before insurance ca ...
not able to play any outdoor game from last 10 days ...  
There have only been 3 days in june it has not rained i miss the sun 
My days have become endless reruns of the same events. Of to work again 
june 21st is in four days and it's cold. 
I missed so you think you can dance  But starting next week I wont be cause my new days off are wednesdays!
off for 2 days of vacation but I'll have to complete one last thing 
wondering why i havent slept a minute the past two days... looks like its happening tonight too 
why cant ppl confirm mtngs they have promised and make our days just a little easier? 
sydney, your worrying me, i leave for vacation in 9 days and i have yet to find a bathing suit that actually fits and looks good 
I feel so ill  but it'll all look abit suspicious taking a few days off ill, including my birthday 
cosmic vomit days nostalgicness. 
drowsy &amp;&amp; stuck  with the same issue for two days =&gt; 
@amoinzaghi no we don't.  but i just succeeded in getting a 1.5 weeks holiday. very happy now. i'll spend it on blur gigs. woohoooooooo!
ASOS is kinda disappointing these days, 
we have been out swimming in the lake here the last couple of days, but now it rains again 
@bbayley yeahh but you're impossible to get a hold of these days  miss you!
Today is just one of those sleep-in days.  
neighbours from hell are back after being away for 3 weeks - knew it was too good to last 
@moneceann IKR. I didn't see you too. I saw almost everybody I can possibly recognize in my first two days ..except for you 
its sooo ugly out  its been raining for the past 2 weeks .. wtf. last day of classes! &lt;3
making a lot of taks, I thought about all the days out.  http://plurk.com/p/11w0y1
My girlfriends been studying non stop for like 5 weeks!!! 
@Gunamugunth good question. i really don't know! i used to be fine until i discovered 2 weeks ago i am unable to drink cold water 
@TheLotionQueen it was a really nice visit but my poor puppy was stung by a wasp there and now has been sick for the last 3 days 
Oolala. @totallyhappy, what a good idea. i dont think 8 hours in 2 days is sufficent. 
woke up with some anxiety about not spending his nights with @ChristineMarie7 for over two weeks 
why do I always feel lazy &amp; unmotivated on the days when I need to get up and do things? 
8 days till my birthday, and 8 days till all my friends leave to camp  so much to do today for my party!!
Stomach hasn't been feeling all that great for the past couple of days.   I'm alright, just not a happy tummy like usual.
i'm sick of the friggin' rain on really big days aka prom and graduation 
@danikkstar yea i miss them days 2 i still play ball but its not the same atmosphere 
@JackiLittle #telkomfail  reminds me of my #virginmobilefail days.  boo hoo
I hate rainy days  they make me xtra lazy, stayin in bed ALL day.
one more exam!!! then im free.. for 2 days.. then camp  &lt;/3
@crdbl I had a bad couple of days 
@keepitfierce My phone died 2 days before the trip, its in the shop 3-6 weeks  and I only have access to hotels comp 
Two gloomy days in a row... I miss the sun 
These honey smacks aren't as satisfying as i thought they would be     .......i have to get my tonsils taken out in a couple days :'(
I am knocked up pretty badly by the flu for the past few days..............must be that damn flight...... 
@idrew yeah my stupid internet has been going in and out the last few days  #vaughn
@adavies234 oh that sucks - you've been planning that for months  At least this means you'll be around for Jorders' film night 
I'm too sick to work on my art- 3 days into my freelance and this happens! 
The last couple days have been great... But what goes up, comes down.  
I could go to sleep but whats the point when I'll have to go in a couple of hours anyway! 
Missing my hubby greatly.....10 more days !! grrr still too long 
@drnicomartini I have been trying to change to green for a couple of days now and it wont let me 
tiny girl who was 4 months on tues has her 2nd ear infection in 2 weeks!  but she's still smiling!  oh, and I love pita pocket sandwiches!
Has been suffering from migraines for the past two days 
well riding yesterday sucked  fullmetal alchemist marathon. going back to my otaku days...
damn it, 4 days! 4 days is all the willpower i have to stick to a diet 
hate boring vacation days 
I would have thought 10 days advance order w/ 2 day shipping would have it here before my honeymoon, but I guess that's not reasonable 
Not long ago i started reading http://www.akiraceo.com/and 3 days ago one of the lead die 
i gave blood only a couple weeks ago  bummer
not looking forward to the 6 hour coach journey to dale in two weeks  no wait... 10 days ;(
@sccevents why not tweet about local events more than a few hours before they happen, i've missed a few corkers over the last few days 
#squarespace please make my week by choosing me  I've been running a high fever for 4 days and the doctors can't find out what's wrong.
is feeling suicidal due to not seeing ruby in like 2 days!:O shockin, yeah pretty much lmaoo.... bored(N) 
Cleaning sucks donkey when it takes 4 days and vacation is only 7  boourns
broke down last nite and busted my 12 days status, now i'm back at 0 days and counting 
6 more days; not looking forward to anything anymore 
@maxgerber I think it was just mine cuz my computer is really crappy these days. When I went to leah's I fixed what mine couldn't fix. 
I hate burnt tongues, my lunch is gna haunt me for days 
I hate goodbye days   It's the worst thing that exists. But I guess I'll see them around, though
@smartiejen i hate those days  its like something significantly bad happened that day and you don't know why
i have tweeted about alan rickman twice in 2 days. i don't think any of the dvds i have left with me have alan rickman in  i want him.
Moving in 10 days - I hate moving, stuff gets broken 
@Mandals oh no! sounds like what happened to me a few months ago remember?   
is at the pooll with leahh! two whole days with her! oh boyy. getting wisdom teeth out tomorrow 
Having a bad couple of days 
i'm triyng to sleep.........but it's impossible! damn...are 5 days i'm sleepless! i know i need snuggles..... 
boo to dark and cloudy days. 
I pulled my leg again  ah well. No more college for 3 days!! xD
I got hacked  i miss you mom. Others i'm at jesus culture for a few days
@bossfan2000 Now if only I didn't live 3000 miles away from you! I am still craving taco bell. I miss the days of living behind one 
The countdown starts until my baby returns: 2 weeks 
#inaperfectworld everyone would die happy &amp; in their sleep &amp; you wouldn't have to watch your loved ones suffer through their last days... 
@XCrankensteinX  wesley i misss you  2 more days
@fpelligra it was a statistics training...omg pure torture for two whole days. 
@siobhia aw my love, i wish i could hug you right now. i'm so sorry you're having a bad day..or few months..  &lt;3
@ginnycase For the third day in a row.   It's been one of those weeks.
@joienesque joie, I still hate the fact that you'll be done with all of this two days earlier than I am.  /woe
Traditional hot louisiana days   To hot to function
two more days in mexico 
I love being lazy! Only a few more days of nothing though  I am not bored yet.
Would love some nice sunny warm days instead of these rainy days 
@likegallows lmao i have less days than that left 
@lexmills yay! i missed you  and in a few days you're gunna leave for 2 weeks :'(
@SadieAsks nite nite Sadit....u dnt seem like urself the last few days 
@ginakay Unfortunately, it seems like cuts are the rule rather than the exception these days. 
In the queue to telstra trying to activate the hiptop i bought *3* days ago! Such bollocks. 
upset i dropped my fone in a lake a few days ago  hope i get it back soon
in quarentine for 5 days... stupid flu!! 
&quot;You think your days are ordinary and no one ever thinks about you but we're all the same and she can hardly breathe without you&quot;  
but when u didn't hit the gym in a few days I would have a lil pouch. 
My eyes laser thing today... so no lappie for the next few days. Last few minutes of looking at my mac. 
 i miss the days when i was the starfish to his sponge
cute pic at uni, during the last sunny days in april 
@broskiii aw damnnnn i want an iphone so badly. have to wait 87 days 
laying in my bed this is nice and relaxing.... missing someone who has been ignoring me for weeks 
Diet is still going awesome, though I've hit a plateau and haven't lost any weight in the last two days 
I want green days new cd so bad 
want to go out tonight. these are one of those days where i wish i was old enough to drive 
For reasons unknown to anyone I'm still awake at nearly midnight again. This makes at least three days in a row. I need some self-control 
got 12 movies to watch within 3 days!!  damn!
@missmel totally!  but so busy these days haven't even thought about packing for our early flight.   will need lots of woolies! xx
cells broken, back in a few weeks. sick w/chicken pox 
@DJLILMARIO I was 13 years old when I used to perform with those guys...so many memories...sad they broke up.  I'm sure they jam still.
now just to get wraith loaded don't think I will be playing again tonight 3 days in a row now 
Only a few days before my baby is two 
it sound's like another delay in my ears  cant use my iphone for 3 days now..
@BPDINOKC I am friends with her there, and there has been nothing.  I posted to her wall a few days ago with no reply. 
@youngscolla you should, and nothing chilling. was sick for two days 
better avoid malls these days, unless i cud empty my savings and cancel my bali trip this august 
better avoid malls these days, or i cud empty my savings and cancel my bali trip this august 
Shoot, here I thought we were gonna have a long streak of sunny days.. 
my lyn is gone for 10 days 
@AndyScherzinger estimated delivery 11 days  but when it's here I'll have a looot of fun 
the thunderstorm outside reminds me of _ _ _ _ _ _  i miss those days...
after not opening the net for a few days, my karma went down from 71 to 68.  http://plurk.com/p/124a8p
suddenly found that much of the code written over the past 10 days or so is junk  
has broken his second mug in as many days. 
@amandaaaplease I knoright  even though I like me better now than I do back 6 months ago its sorta &quot;awthe days&quot; when you think abt erryone
Y romy acotao... I miss my none having to do shit days... 
only four days of sunshine this month    http://tinyurl.com/nfmqqq
hellloooo...Tweeetteeerrsss, where have you guys been for the past 2 days..we miss prying into your lifestyles  LOL
whooot, decided to sell my soule to work... now working 7 days a week..... oh the humanity of it 
where te hell is the postman with my f@#!ing @mosdef album?!?! its been nearly two weeks 
I wish I could wear sweats to work..because it's one of those days. 
robins are back - but no sign of the blue tits for about 4 days now 
is sad that jon and kate might get a divorce.  it seems like marriages don't last very long these days at all.
@Hedgewytch  #twitterfail indeed! it just says unblock under her name, don't tell me it's going to be one of those days
My magic is fukd already n i gt it few days ago 
what a great birthday  major hangover   2 weeks and 6 days till T!!!!! buzzzzzzzin!
@Papps93 10 days?    We'll miss you!
@BarryCarlyon nice one. It's been flakey for a couple days now for me 
serviced bikes...they're hanging     how bad like 8 days til fort bill =]
Lunch nearly over  but is only 3 hours til home time then I am out of the door wonder what tunes will be on the wonder years today?
@plangarden - I lost all my radishes, two beds' worth.    We had a couple of warm days and they all immediately went to seed! 
@WhoeverIMayBe yeah, its been gray here for a couple of days, with no end in sight 
two more days of missing the wifey... 
@hcphotos all ive done is be a massive fail the past few days 
This manuscript just doesn't want to get off the ground. I've been reworking the 'Methods' section for days. 
2 days @ work just turned into 4 days, somebody take away my shoe laces 
i miss living in the 90s. seriouslyyyy. modern days ani sometimes boring -_- i miss my childhood. 
@PurrCrabs usps deposited mine at customs and they've been sitting there for 4 days 
my package from american still hasn't come   7 days my vagina
I've tried for three days in a row to stay up for the entire day in order to sleep early - but I always end up sleeping too early. 
@blood_noir I got one of those a few days ago...by accident! I wanted a normal on!  It was ok tho...just not as good as a normal bar!
@Terracegirl It has been like that here for the last couple of days, but tonight is very overcast 
studing utill 28  well see ya later i will be out of action for 9 days
@pamelump-feel better soon....there's one that's going around that lasts days...I hope you don't have THAT one 
 grrrrr. why can't they just go away for like 2 days! haha. this is stupid. i have to pack for mexico, bye! =]
@KittyKat_1988 i run on grants during uni term time but atm ive got to work 3-4 days a week 
ok done. 7-10 days for them to connect the line 
rainy days suck 
Days where I forget my ear buds are the worst days ever.  
@assante yay! man, i'm missing your days off.  that sucks!!! but we have all summer!
hello all, really pissed off tonight as I found that I failed exams that I studied for for months.    v.unhappy     
I miss my hunny @nerdibitch. I haven't seen her in 4 days 
its raining up north here tho. been rainin for days. 
@gresco unfort. you have 30 days to dispute a billing error on your bills (it stips that on the back of bills 
Getting ready for another days work. It's raining outside too, so I can't take the motorcycle. 
its been a rough couple of days.    the epidural has had to be resited.
@ashleyann2009 sooo lame! dude i'm going to be starting working full days on weekends 
@eRiNoWeNs07 I wanna be there too   Just can't make the drive again...we'll have a reunion one of these days!
got all organised and paid some bills on tues but bank balance really not good  24 quid 2 last me 18days
@dougggie  been off for a few days. occasional high temps, but tonight he started shivering &amp; went almost mottley purple 
@cntrstrk14 I've been having that problem the past couple days, too. 
friday night doing next years timetables  
#squarespace missed it two days in a row  too busy
in nj for just a few more days. i don't want to leave bill 
have to reserve my iPhone  and wait 5 days.
 lol suprises are just hard to do these days
Fridays are boring days....I have no shows on 
doin a double two days in a row.  oh how i cherish the weekends 
hey everyone! It's been a long couple of days, but glad to be watching the #redsox again.  Not happy right now, but look who's pitching 
I've been wearing my pit bands for 9 days *sigh*  I swear I won't take them off...
last couple days sucked: 1 1/2 days of no power super ass hot 5 hours of cutting a tree to leave our driveway only 2/3 of the tree gone  
@Noodleshannon counting the days 
I'm so mad at myself right now. This is why I rarely get my hopes up about anything these days. 
@lore3440 @meglaura @TheOtherMia hah! have u seen this body? not tennis material yet. it was once upon a time.  those were the days.
How come I'm having sleep paralysis crisis the day @arthurkins and I are talking about it, while It hasn't happened in months, geez 
no samantha for four days. no communication with her either. i hate this, i miss her so much alreadddddddy 
2 days. 2 vehicles. 2 counties. 2 wrecks. Not 2 cool. 
@darthweef i watched it a couple days ago. 
just watching some movies, getting kinda tired  --- on the count down, 13 days to go!
2 days after converting to iphone 3.0 - still no service 
at ianssss. cant chill for the next two days 
I'm such a slacker these days!!! 
@Inluvwithjon what? I will have to post a link to it once i have internet service again. These next couple of weeks are going to be rough 
my fish died. damn. my other fish just died two days ago. i don't think they like me. 4 down, 2 to go. 
5days until torchwood will be mine again, still too long 
My sisters laptops battery just officialy died so no more really late nights online for a few weeks 
Bollocks! I have a pimple  All that time wasted cleansing, toning &amp; mosturising for days!
Many youths in #iran are sending good-bye msgs to frnds &amp; fmly, preparing for the coming days  #iranelection
@ssieg Thats the problem with all smartphones these days 
My cat has been missing for two days...I'm assuming the worst 
@Eminemdrdre00 yeah, those days were stifled by my protected updates  haha. they were still good though.
no joe for 3 days. come back 
@sanjukta maybe cos many ppl are having to work on weekends these days 
Mmaaannn imkkk ughh shes leaving me for chicags  i havent seen her for 4 days in a row 
@Jaxmom66 I still have my lemons! Gods, I miss those days. 
just took a nice hot shower. aww havent showered in 2 days. eww grose i no. anywho getting ready 4 bed soon. parents kicked me out 
@prettyrach looks 2 be near 100 next 3 days. I have to cook outside tomo too. 
1 and a half [sorta] days till folio is due. I'm so screwed 
Why when your anticipating something the weeks drag on so slow?&amp; when you want them to go slow they fly by 
how is it not sunday yet? i swear the last episode of 'true blood' was on, like, 3 weeks ago. 
Raining again and I'm still barking like a seal, looks like riding will be minimal for a few days  some fettling on the roadrat instead.
miss my 3 days escape 
isn't quite sure whats going on these days now 
jus 2 more days!! TESTS....  
@tristanpr but he was wincing as my fat meat slid in..... pre-cellphone cam days unfortunately 
http://twitpic.com/7vw3t - good old days with @elendkaiser 
hasn't had any sort of action in 25 days  i'll probably touch myself then sleep...haha
Working both weekend days makes me sad because I no longer have weekends to hang with people.  
I haven't twittered anything in days. How sad 
@rianrenato I miss those wellness days 
i can't update the page cause the rnbpromo still offline for three days 
Just looked at all the photos I've taken over the past two days, will post later. Wish it hadn't rain yesterday for our works outing 
@nzwaikato 2 weeks unpaid...  no money for the holidays 
hate days like this...goodbyes everywhere! 
packing. i have boxes all over my room, half full  10 days to go
getting excited for my birthday yay!!!!!! got a few days work first though 
i'm currently listening to the carpenters' &quot;rainy days and mondays&quot;, this is my song when i'm super lonely and just have a a break up ... 
is having a quiet day cant believe my weeks holiday is nearly over 
Lunccccch break, so depressing!  3 weeks till T wooooo
not sure how i am going to do 10 hour days, sitting at a desk with a fractured coccyx 
says awww.. my 10 days of freedom is over  http://plurk.com/p/12f53x
knew i should have put a bet on tevez buggering off! damn you fergie, my two favourite players in the space of two weeks?! 
did not mean to be up this early   going in to work in a couple hours
Relaxing...lifting all day after five days of nothing really doesn't make your muscles happy. 
I made you a priority when all I was to you was an option. ;( 86 days later, &amp; I still love, miss, &amp; need her.  http://tinyurl.com/n8juhp
my back has been playin up for da past 4 days. hw am i goin 2 cope with skwl  i cn tell nxt weeks goin 2 b a painful one!!!
All we r gettin is 7 days as holidays 
boring days at target make me more depressed 
I'm a lonely hermit for the next two days. berghgrrfv 
Why must it rain on the weekends?!?After being stuck in an office all week the last thing I want is to be stuck indoors on my days off. 
@nataliehitz http://twitpic.com/7whlw - been craving for it since few days ago 
2 days w.o a text!  i feel lost!
@watashiwabritt no boo on working 6 days in a row all 8 hours and then on the 6th you start at 7 
so sick of rainnnn, where did all the nice summer days go? 
woken up 'early' 3days in a row and im exhausted!  booo this is rubbish
drooling over curry,only just survived last weeks,a word friends NEVER reheat the rice apparently its one of the worst for poisoning you 
@balgees  world is not being fare with each other these days.
is very tired from folding ingots for the past 4 days. 
Arghhhhhhh being laid up with two broken legs is soooo boring .. I can't stand just laying around for days let alone weeks 
I have a conjunctivitis...I hate the last two days! 
@kidquizine sure, you can make peoples days, but can you make the sun come out? It's been raining for days 
@deepakpant this reminds me that i have also bought a copy of catcher in the rye few months back and now don't know where it is 
@AllanGoesDMB toss it in a blender 4 me...me no can chew for 10 more days 
@youngramo just a whole bunch of bullshit i guess to say its just one of those days 
@juicystar007 coolio..i still didnt get the keychain &amp; its gone 15 days 
@theodorejordan I like the idea but without a commute I'm not listening to much these days, except for #ccmusic when working 
uptime died after 11 days on my mac pro  damn update
@brandonstheory not at all...I miss the good ol days 
two more days of victor/victoria... 
Gonaa miss him for like 12 days 
@suzeeeeee i hate how this is happening my last days here. im so hungry. i cant swallow ANYTHING. 
Bout to put on some jams, start cleaning a little and then finally go workout after 2 weeks of inactivity cus of my back 
@armmer I'm basically dead in the water. I've wasted 3 days on this thing when I could've been coding FUbuMVC 
I can tell this days going to fucking suck yay... 
Its been cloudy all day  but i fink its supose to improve in a few days so yayy x
@panchromatic I had them give her a shot so she wouldn't drag on suffering for days  what a sweet bunny, i'll miss her tons
7 days w/o seeing (all) my grandchildren makes one weak... and sad! 
@anafcardoso oh..i'm from ukraine) actually have no idea  it's going 3 days
@worldmegan LOLCATS! but yeah, I've been having &quot;one of those days&quot; for a ocuple of weeks now 
ok so two days after teeth pulling is too soon for ravioli, but i was really really hungry! 
@3sixty5days fuck. don't, this was before everything, i didn't even know 
3 days later most had mastitis when a state vet ordered them milked 
these past few days have been really hard. i don't think ive cried so much in 64 hours. rip grandad. 
... just having one of those days!  .... i think the rain makes everything 10 times worse! :'(
@sazza8 ha i know it's so shit!  p.s. 2 days!!!!!!!!!
2 days of movies = diet fail. 
I am thinking that this 12days_of_clois story is either going to be REALLY short, REALLY rushed, REALLY unbeta'd or all three. 
@comcastcares you should list yr retail locations on google maps. Missed yr closing by 2 mins, now must wait 2 days to resolve issue 
@iliveinarobot mmm i am not sure!  what days/times are you freeee?
is exhausted... 2 more days and vacation is over... 
@daisy3853 she had storms a couple of days ago and her internet hasn't quite recovered   no one is happy about this.
said bye to danny.  our 5 months of nonstop texting is officialy over. stupid mexico.
i haven't eaten any chocolate in 5 days...the longest i've EVER gone without it! 
saturdays are always my slowest/most boring/worst days. 
@PrincessSuperC yeey! i read about that a few days ago... i'm so happy 4 u! i wish i could be there with u and britney 
@eriluvnyc I'm such a sub par wifey these days. 
watching movies w/ my roommate... sick days 
just came back from hukka.... tariq's leaving   ....now time fr a new plan for the days...
bye cami. see you in two loong weeks.  
Just did my hair for the 1st time in like 2 years, took 2 days and my hair aint even down my back..sigh, felt like pledging all ova again 
@PRINCE_ofKartel 2 days 
twitterland adios! =D. .. and omg ... fewer days of vacation  haha. ..
i really don't want to be in singapore right now. seven days to terms.... 
eden is going to B in 10 days  
@Teeg yeah, a few years ago i rolled both my ankles 2 days before going to disneyland..both were twice the size when at the park 
@ladymaryann it's like 3 days already right... yes i have some panadol cold and flu, huaaaa  ok, i'm off to bed again then hehe
Where are my double d sistahs at?? @bazanna &amp; @westlifebunny, you know my days are not complete without hearing from you guys 
sleeping over with lici nd laysia..I miss these days  .. gnite
Not getting drunk for at least ten days? 
fuck man a month and twenty eight days. CANNOT come fast enough. AND cheerleadings over  idk what to do with myself. emotional wreck.
I hate going to bed upset. Its so unhealthy.   cheers to better days!
 canon powershot s400 you had served me very well. i am sorry that i left u in that car for hottest 3 days... i mourn your loss
Honestly I feel left out not having watched 'Hangover'.  Allll goooood... I'm watching it in the next couple of days.
I been thinking for weeks like @sadexposed wasn't following me and 2 come find out she is im sooo stupid 
2day 1 of ma worst days 4real 
@wahliaodotcom had almost zero chance to do any photography in the previous few weeks 
@angelweiner die weiner I havn't had coffee for 3 weeks  may grab 1 tomoz b4 kennykins drinks
@mirandar a. it was good going down! b. she hasnt left the deck in days  c. i did! intruders! hah!
One of my few days off and I haven't actually left my bed...oh and the seagulls keep coming back 
has now got tonsilitis! wont be moving from the couch for a few days or eating either 
damn... one of those days   cheer me up!
waking up and having again big neck hardening, its so painful you wont believe it, have this since 2 weeks - the doc will see me again 
@sags72 ohh I see.. been sooo busy these days so I can't catch up everything.. 
thinks she should stop having chocolates for few days 
These are the days i wish i had my own room  http://tinyurl.com/l2bdoj
@tierneywilson you are welcome. and yes it is. but i havent been able to sleep for 3 days. 
loves been 4 days and still counting...  http://plurk.com/p/12mcxx
first night spent alone in 34 days... I know it's pathetic but it's really hard  i feel vulnerable
1 and half days left! til then, must soldier on 
hellish last days... and NO bloody cookies 
bit concerned with this flu. havent been sick in years, and never been sick more than 4 days. this is coming up on a full week now 
had a migraine for 2 days 
One day off in 2 weeks and can't think of anything to do 
I've been very emotionally distracted these past few days...huge apologize to everyone especially koko 
Hahaa who said Italian picknik days are a good idea? :| I'm so tired 
I lost fab ice lolly as a follower. These are very dark days 
180 kms of city driving can easily make you go insane...and stay there for a couple of days 
6 days till my 17th  , cars still broken 
enjoying the last few days in ireland 
4 days until transformers 2 comes out... im so exciteddddd  @boombaybay i missed yu todayyyy. 
packing for the 2 last , hopefully unforgettable, days with my favourites ... the thought on that makes me sad .. 
first proper meal in three days ! iv lost 4lb's 
back to school in 13 hours. adam young hasn't been keeping me company much these past days. things on my mind getting in the way, i guess 
most people i care about get sick this past few days. 
@DanielSchepers Bad luck!  I think we've all had days like that 
I've had a crappy past few days 
all I've eaten in one and a half days is a sausage roll 
molly is hoping her cat will turn up soon  she has  been missing for 3 days now 
It only goes down from here the days just get shorter and shorter 
Making something in the photoshop. I can't edit again for 5 days! Too bad! 
@NeonCanvas you too hun, I do hope it will be better, I can take only so many bad days in a row 
@katieftsk its worse when they're ipod earphones cos theyz pricey. my slidekick is slowly breaking with 9 months left 
over 5 days late, but the stick says 'not pregnant' 
oh no, its 4 weeks 
@teddyrised It's working atm but has been getting progressively worse over last 2 days. Only came back from repairs about 2wks ago 
withdrawal symptoms from not seeing eastenders in over 2 years!!  lucky brits.
@libethdominguez sick?  ima cure it in 7-10 business days.
Today is one of the days I hate the most becuase it remeinds me that he's not here and I won't see him again for a long long time  &lt;3
oh @ryanferreira from now on you mean the last 5 days that i have here? okay...  i like mixing it though ;)
I got a henna two days ago, but now it disappeared. 
@chrxs ive looked for days  this is worse then the porn they made for senior citizens..are those new slacks?
helping casey paint the apt. lease is up in 9 days 
@thisisrobthomas i can't wait to see you in new york in two weeks!! but no tickets 
@realin @reevester what phones u own these days ?? n me been trying to find a nice new g1 
ohhh 40 hours in 3 days so exhausted and have to go back today... 
having one of those sad days, missing my friends A LOT! 
- a couple years of sickness all piled up to this one day 
Aw  maggie! I'll see u in like 3 days lol be careful!
Now I have another reason to cry. :'( We'll probably have to put one of our cats to sleep within the next few days. 
@squarespace I'm sort of psychic, I can tell you who it won't be - me! I've been playing for days with absolutely no luck  #squarespace
@chaddurbin lol a few days. I have typing fail. 
leave new york in 10 days. 
On my lunch! I neeeeed to get my oil changed asap! But I work 6 days this week!  and have noo kinda time for any extra activities!
Bunches of doctor appts. I really don't look forward to days like today. 
Ugh fml! @nicksantino has a layover in charlotte and i have to work, so i cant go see him  one month and a few days til i do finally g ...
is working 8 days in a row...i'm tired and i'm not rich 
10 hour work days this week, blah 
i miss my bbs so much  its only been 2 days. i feel like a needy little girl
chris brown 5 years jail n 180 days community service 
wow!! got my first follower!!!! only taken 4 days 
No twist for nine days now, very sad 
why ar e@mcflymusic not going on tour ? its been 2 days since ive seen them and i miss them already 
why are @mcflymusic not going on tour, its been 2 days since ive seen them and i miss them already 
@m_carruthers yeah, i know  ive been so ill these last few days, havent had time to update site. moving house in 1 week too, busy busy bee
@Flyassmill I needed one after this I work 10 days in a row 
I burned my hand in the same spot two days in a row 
@agaboo idk. Lol cuz i wont be theree  but i leavein 5 days andim sooooo xciteed!!!
@StarrahPenzHitz  LOL I wish I was around N those days 
Just said goodbye to my kitties for a few days.  They're going to have their surgeries done.
@FrankGruber you and the rest of us - hopefully apple will end this annoying AT&amp;T deal in another coupla years 
WHY ME!!!!! how come i dont get to talk to her in like  3 weeks???? 
@kimpierogie  haha, I just tried applying for a capital one platinum  card and got rejected, so now I have to wait 45 days to apply again 
@k00kiecrisp omg same!!  don't you miss the old days? 
@MikeyRichard i sure do miss those days  come see me!
@boogieman_9206 I miss you so much its been like 5 days since I last talked to you! 
has not doodoo-ed in a couple of days  EWWWW
Would have love to go to the game but I'm married to work for another nine days. 
@tess_icles ... I've been mind-blanc for the past 2 days... 
wonders where the last 3 weeks have gone...I should have more of my act together.  http://plurk.com/p/139q0h
been away from home for a few days and ive been tweeting from my fone but they havent turned up 
dance myth: gone for two months 
Working 13 days in a row 
@npealer good luck!  I dropped mine in tea 2 days after getting it..... had to take it in and exchange it 
@MzSocialBfly 3 things.....1 min showers foot blisters n 17 hr days 
can't find a date for step 1 ANYWHERE.  and i'm leaving for the cottage for 2 days..
2 more days till my vacation ive been waiting all year for this the only problem is that brians mom is getting woried so he might not go 
http://bit.ly/2gWFTc  I miss these days. 
@wittywanderlust I share my ipod, you dont share your days off 
@RAEthoven I miss the days of late night stickam sessions.  Having a job ftl.
@LadyNez95 well I'm flying w/o my car for the next 3 weeks... I won't be able to get around to say bye  nervous but I know I need it tho.
@erecruitmentbud been so busy too you've been on my list for days now  must catch up soon loads to tell you send me link 2 c how old I am
is listening to &quot;forget about me&quot;... and misses katrina... those were the days  i miss you ning... http://plurk.com/p/13c9uo
seriously, why is it so difficult to find a decide lamp shade around here?  Two days of looking and still no winners 
4 More days and I'm officially NOT half a century old anymore 
5 more days until my jivetalk trial is over  who wants to buy me a full license? 
@SwimForever92 ahhh im so excited for you! i have orientation in 2 weeks..and a lifetime before i move in 
@sofiatuominen they are so terrible  make sunny days horrible 
@lauraEchilds hahaha doodahh! And we all know I have ;) well it's nearly two weeks and I miss seeing you everyday  ubersad!!!
@TXBrad it works for other videos and has been doing  it for a few days 
@veganrunningmom I like to do around 5-7 miles a day, but I got quad tendinitis so I haven't been able to for a few weeks 
@jamesofctpmag must b nice...I'm jealous. I can't wait 2 have that day on vacay! I nd it so bad....even on my days off I dnt get 2 relax 
I have to be 5 days in bed  stupid virus.
@L33NuH ikr  she said that she's not sure if she'll be on..and she's gone for a couple of days 
wow, i think i pissed karma off...  bad days a plenty lately...  
@nogoth yes, it's down... working on fix, but might be a few days 
@jackw90 nope  it won't work at all.... but it will be okay, i have two weeks after college ends to had it in.... it'll be alright
@tommcfly when will it be outt?! cannot wait! you need to tour again soon! i miss you and its only been 3 days since i saw you! 
really rain! 2 hours seems real far 
@mckeay I see, it's hard to come with a new name these days  Even rational survivability is taken. Now what ?
fancies a buffython with @shazalar but its not goin to happen  i miss those days....
@mindy_nguyen thats sad.  i miss you too!! tons.. twelve days till nsn. exited ?????
@dirtyjerzchick animal! lol. im coming in about 4weeks from now and probably 4 weeks from then.. I bought too many tickets  lol..
16 more days 2 go back 2 india. never realized that the concept of 'day' is pretty relative. suddenly it is looking so far away 
just spent the last 2 hours beating off fraudsters on ebay. All I wanted was enough for a couple of lunches to keep me going this month 
the latest OHs coming out of lawrence are reminding me of a data recovery operation gone terribly wrong during my compusa days 
@sallie_thatgirl we need to chill.. asap. I have to leave in a couple days again. 
I'm so worn out!  I wish I could go on maternity leave already! I still have 7 months to go 
I'm sooooooo off tomorrow....and I'm soooooo sleeping in...gotta catch up on on ZzZzZzZzZzZ..been doing total of 3 hours past 2 days 
http://twitpic.com/8ckd8 - where'd the rainy days go? i miss them 
@elperrogrande I know, guilty pleasure. And now @kayepants is going to /sigh at me for the bad TV I've watched the past two days... 
it's been 2 months since we hopped off the cruise!  it was so long ago that the memories are fading ahaha 
not looking forward to the drive I am making tomorrow. I've made the same drive 3 times in the past 3 weeks. 
@hanglikeabat  harry potter in 3 weeks!!!
@cyla_a me2. i am fine right now!! i got fever last 2 days. 
To all those on their way to @media2009 have a great 2 days. Wish i hadn't had to give my seat up 
@lilandtedsmum not slept well for weeks but had 2 really good nights sleep, thought I'd broken the habit 
totally slept through my only supper plan in 2 weeks, 
@FigStation hey! its pretty hot these days!! the weather used to be amazing a few days ago! dunno what happened 
I miss the good ole days wen we first met 
@kevjumba it's going to hurt for the first few days . trust me , u can hardly even brush your teeth or chew on anything 
the best. no doubt about it. now to start being all depressed for multiple days,, 
@KaizerAllen haha yea. We do have classes. But I was advised to quarantine myself for 2 weeks! &gt;.&lt; I hope I'll fully recover real soon! 
@PlusDaddy i dont get sick days 
is in bed, hopefully sleep soon, my insomnia has been so bad the past 3 days  ughh
@HawaiianLife now i'm visiting their profile before adding..   [I added a few scammer/spammers a few weeks ago..]
wahey the weeks finally moving on.. we're onto thursday. what happened to the sunshineee 
im sick. will be absent for a couple of days 
it's just one of those days where I want my favourite things but I'm worried it'll make it worse 
sad day  my cag in a bag has died! we had a good 3 years together though!!
@mWeErAeVdEiRth i haven't talked to her in like, two days. 
20 days till marshmead go  im going to miss jeeeen and joyy and bellee 
19 days since I ordered my shirts in @shirtsmyway and still no news. I just hope my first shirt is here on time for the wedding 
leaving in like 31 hours. exciting but 11 days from home.. im aready homesick 
drinkin soup for 2 days now 
6 days till turkey (#), 5 weeks till my boy goes away to the army  &lt;33
2days peopleeee  one of my dogs may be taking a trip to the vets today,  ah.
ok going to tirupati for 2 days. Have to walk.  well one has to do what one has to do. ciao.
geez, haven't put up a post in 8 days!  slackin'
It lasts for 8 days. We camp on beaches, and there r NO TOILETS OR SHOWERS!!  It takes about 11 hours to get there.
is going back to the apartment for a few days.. so no internet for me 
longhorns lost  its ok 2 days till my vacation, leaving worries behind well kinda
had three bad days in a row... 
doesn't feel good at all.... haven't eaten an actual meal in days.... 
I miss seeing the sunrise in tempe  too cloudy these days
@WizeKidCade  am re buffering my life at the mo and adding some pluggins.... motjie linning in ten days! 
I've been twitterless for the past few days cos the boyf's addicted to WoW! 
Getting a little tired of the endless tests, meds &amp; appts 2 find out why I've been suffering from vertigo for the past 3 weeks 
my eyes are aching for some reason... since a few hours.... washing, napping, blinking fast doesnt seem to help.... 
@ComedyBint well its going to be on tv for 2weeks 
been a bit slow on the twitter updates over the past 10 days or so. feel like i've been working 24 hours a day over that time 
ouch! I have had a stiff neck for 3 days and it wont go away 
no more days off til wed... 
I forgot to stretch yesterday and now I'm banished from toys for 5 days as punishment 
AthFest's site is down  but luckily Whistlebury posted this a few days ago: http://bit.ly/D5GwB
Up a little earlier than the last couple days but only by a little over an hour. 
My face is still peeling from my beach visit 2 weeks ago. 
hates @ashtonmelancon's schedule for the next 2 weeks. 
quit smoking for 12 days and really messed up this weekend at the beach 
@DJLonnieB that's craaaazy....I was listening to lifes a b rite b4 I saw that tweet. I miss those days...miss u east coast rap. 
@DrRoo it's hard to get bacon water these days 
@kevinvanlierop would love to, but I need 2 weeks to do the amount of work I have in 2 days 
@lrdmora Yes, have a curve-got a reply saying they're experiencing backlog &amp; might take a few weeks  
yo, can we get some sunshine.. its seriously been raining twenty one of the twenty five days of june.. insane. 
six days!!!!  wish i could spend 'em at the cottage though 
but they say it takes two days to dry up the first coat..........phew!!.......can't wait dat longgg  
@Thahani I know! I really miss the old days!  I ADORED the attitude era! 
Those days I didn't have much responsibility . So I liked back then too . Its sad I do the same thing just different company 
4548 days left (max) and my kids are driving me NUTS! One of these days i won't be doing it alone! 
@oana4life that's awesome. I wish I had 6 days off 
Patience is not a virtue that I possess! I've tried to be patient, but it's been 4 days now &amp; I'm beginning to get pissed off! 
@ireton sounds like she most likely won't be going. She was still looking at flights a few weeks ago but it wasn't looking good. 
Anyone ever have one of those days where you get to work and find out your undies r on backwards? This is why I don't wear boxers... 
I am trying very hard to eat all my favorite things before my mouth is out of commission for 3 days. Pudding and jello here I come! 
haven't been around for a while - been busy packing up my life in cardiff  only a couple of days left here now 
If I had the funds I would get up and runaway to the beach for a few days...I need it 
@pathrewritable ohhhhhh   yeah it's been pretty hot these past couple days
@ash_CT Aw dont you love that  I love for those days! Thanks about the pic ;-p
failed physics TEST... what a homo. keeen for the holidays (2 days to go) 
21 Days till chris comes home and 67 days till summer 
@k3n13 encantado..  been looking for stuff like that for the past few days..
@gajgupta i see u r into gardening these days.. not bad 
just watched &quot;how to lose a guy in 10 days&quot;. i might have cried a little 
@woosang In a few weeks, we will see what happens. 
@levelboss jo, aber business days  also montag bis freitag...
back to the grind of a 9-5, only for three days though! 
@sivasothi yes he asked and i sent him already. Few days ago 
3 days and I shall be blonde whoop 
@pradyotghate uploaded 4 pics i cud find decent out of the whole days shoot 
would like some attention from her lover now. ah, two days and then i get to see him! 
I need to catch up on a few things. I will be back in a couple of hours! 
Yes i realise am 5 days behind! But only just noticed 
@reemerband eeee  29 days til yorkkkk ! + 42 days til stoke. i think haha  eee xx
@meli_beli I know! those were the good old days! .. we should all have a spoons reunion! haha 
just got myself an iphone  will transfer provider in 10 days, so no fun till then
3days till my birthday!! 
hm, I guess I have been silent for the past few days... sorry 
you can only spend so much time on your own before going nuts with boredom! This is going to be the longest 4 weeks, at least its sunny! 
@gimraent  thanks! I took a break from it (for a few days!) I thought it must be to do with that or exporting or something!
@DoubleAgentGirl Aww.. it's ok. I get a 5 days weekend next week.  How are ya?
changed font from 11p to 12p --&gt; 118 pages  yea! quantity is there now. few more days left to care about quality!
exams are done for now   now to do nothing for the next two weeks
thanks god for half-term and the fact that i can stay in bed till 3 in the afternoon on some days 
days are just hot enough to produce hot blood 
@horrorhannah I wrote 8000 words in two days last week. Though I imagine your dissertation won't include fairys, dreams, etc like my book 
@PeterWelland understandable, don't feel so bad  I'm here writing because of having become jobless some days ago 
@mistakepro i saw that a couple days ago... it brought a tear to my eye haha!! 
eeeeep 2 months and 26 days  can't wait. blaah tired, time for bed. nighty night all &lt;3
on the way to leeds now, the days sooon 
@manicgoldfish I'll be in etown for the first two weeks of may. We should do something, maybe once or twice. 
Warm oregon days are celebrated by all 
@TwoSteppinAnt but it's crazy weird.  hope your days  beautiful
25 days till graduation!...26 days till miguel's wedding!..and most importantly 27 days till i move in with mike  i love you mike &lt;3
@ChubbyGayMan Yes, those were the days for sure. The 80s ruled, I don't care what anyone says!  
Special times with the fam...love those days...make me happy. 
so im pretty much on cloud nine these days 
@Kaatje_68 LOL well it's the thought that counts  one if these days!!
.. two amazing days with Jacynta...portcredit &amp; niagara. 
72 days until i'm living with the kangaroos 
Its so hot these days in bangalore 
@sswayze lou teared up singing carolyn says. he has feelings these days! that's what happens when you stop doing heroin 
@flawlessx 1. private MySpaces r 4 pussies =p 2. i think CHRISTopher fits him  3. i kno, it's from a few months ago =/
yup 4 days in a row 
@jaulin you are right, the cleaning has already waited some weeks, what harm can another day do? 
10 days till my birthday yaaaaaaay 
has planned her outfits for the next 2 days. 
2 more days for official launch! 
Tired as can be.... but on a countdown and that makes me smile... 4 days! 
@tga1976 LOL It's called growing up  I was around in the rave days - been there - done all that 
@templewill Thanks !  It is a little risky, but so be it I guess  .  Hopefully no one will throw rocks at me in the next few days !
Wishing vacation would come sooner.  26 days and counting.  
@tinkugallery thx! there's a few more from that spot coming up over the next couple of days 
@codelust maybe one of these days if u continue visiting sohna road!  i am in uppal southend
4 more days until six flags.. i'm so stoked. 
Is with lorna lisning 2 some music  and wating for p!nk essential to come on ! p!nk in 6 days yay!!!!!
my spring break is already turning out good, even though it hasnt even been a full 2 days lol 
Ah nothing better to do than lie on the beach on days like this! 
@marieskizo aww.. cool! haha xD actually.. in only a couple of months I can drive if they play, like, in germany 
i am doing homework.. 3 more days! 
@bhellabell perpetual spring?? is raining from 4 days !!  i approved that we are hot guys, but chicks are cold as snow 
Sundays = do the weeks worth of homework i have thats all due tomorrow... 2 more weeks!!!! 
and now...I'm off to disappear into the woods for a few days. Its time to unplug &amp; see what nature is saying...  ttyl x
The past days had been just great! A big get together - thanks to my friends wedding 
@cartermason yeah - watched all episodes in the last 2 weeks 
amazed at how one day off has made me so lazy.  6 more days til vegas. 
@MussoMitchel i know you're busy replying.. but I wrote to you the last few days and you never once answered me  don't ya like me? 
@kelveggie22 do you remember me? we had a conversation on yahoo a couple of days ago 
@Therealcolby how do we know you are THE real colby?? there are so may fakes out there these days... 
7 weeks until my tattoo  just got off holidays and already missing them, i need to draw some more
4 days of non-spam in the spamfilter, great 
By @lohsie #GOMC is over - aroung 1,5k extra clicks for @cookelani in 3 weeks - dont know if it's really good, but should be alright   ...
@azndragon1 whoohoooo. a few more days before i start working again! lol  so who do i report to on thursday?
@serengetisunset Sounds about right.... now I just have to add another 10 days 
@dostein The youth these days 
Morning all u lovely tweeters  I have a feeling that this is going to be a crazy week with press days and everything.. 
escaped from the office, next 3 days onsite away from the doomsayers 
@tommydonbavand yeah! I've got to talk to 4 classes in 2 days about why writing is cool and yet thinking dif approaches 
9 days until I see my baby! 
@EastCoastKitsch That's great - motivation for the rest of us to start our days!  Have a great one 
bsnl is alive again after 2 days!!... 
@toryk  Ten days till D.C. and wedding celebration begins...I. Cannot. Wait.  
3 days ago bought many brands of pregnancy tests used last and lline is dark so i am definitley still pregnant this is not a dream 
Finally got my camera back.  These rainy days are really motivating.
@MarkHallett Couldn't be better, sun is shining and there's a full 10 days before I have to my accounts again 
@ssiewert Of course! Just like the old days with our first cars  I'll even buy you a slurpee
funny the way it is- dave matthews band new album released in tminus 42 days 
@VivianLovelys: Yeeah, I'm hella excited!  I can't believe it's in less than two weeks now!
.. the website is coming along for sure  Launching in a few weeks probably 
@CourtneySit havent flown yet. i got the days mixed up  and time.. em called me an egg 
@smudgedidit drinking on a school night? shocking dude!! im trying for 5 days of no drinking this week, for the first time in years 
It took me months to discover #chrome CAN restore sessions! It's the first setting under Options and I never saw it 
@heyychloe ahah. its loving me  websites never do for you now a days :O
@loris_sl hmmm, much prefer days up on the roof with a bottle or two of red 
@NickSpillum I bet you cant, a couple of days out of the office, teeing off in the sun on some of the best courses the algarve can offer 
Off to yoga.. see you in a couple of hours 
@oceanviewde Or vice versa! You're the one setting an alarm, I just wake up whenever most days. 
working getting ready to enjoy a few days off 
15 days till my birthday 
back in - days like this i want to be by the sea 
@dhskee Yes, looking forward to a rat- free couple of days! 
sorry I havent been on for a couple of days but im back and I miss everyone 
Moving in 9 days!!! ahhh i love my new apartment...o and i'll be 21 in 6 months from tomorrow lol 
@Soubhik dnt worry soubhik i m wid u (as i m also alone here) like gud old days in vangelz 
@lytrann just go to admissions and records and fill out a form. Takes like 5 days to get it 
@Dannabug I'm alergic too, but stubbornness prevails! If I'm living with a cat, after about 2 weeks my allergies get immunized. 
finally i have a cellphone now. after 5 freakin' boring days..im just glad.. 
@mileycyrusFor 3 days + it was amazin!)+by any chance do you still hav the pic of you with us on yur camera that you took  ...
Morning all!! I know i only work like 2 days a week... but work on a saturday is so cruel!! looking 4ward to tonite though....!!!  
@mikemcdowell I just got a remote, so up until a couple weeks ago I relied completely on self timer. Things have gotten easier since. 
@yoimajunkie Them was the good ol' days. 
@violetbakes me too, reminds me of good times and happy days, more to come hopefully 
Just paid he last 2 bills for the house. We'll have the keys in 3 weeks time 
my birthday is in 4 days 
@dzovan I have taken to hitting the B vits to boost me - after a few 22hr days in a row my immune cant be on form &amp; needs help! lol! 
Haha! new personal record, Not cutting my Finganels  for five awesome weeks. 
Fallout dlc broken steel in 3 days! 
back in town...... had to 'force' the frontdoor as there were 21 days time 3 dailynewspapers waiting for us, not 2 mention regular mail 
@dougiemcfly you looked scared in that pic tom put up what are you afraid of or was it just my imagination how are you these days? 
@Chriscarroll50 in addition to catching up on the other stuff I've ignored for days. 
listening to bmth (:. 13 days until i see them   - cannot fucking wait.
@jonholmes1 WOOOO!!  brilliant can't wait for next weeks one #meatloaf
10 miles feels like one after running 20 and 18 the last two weeks!woot 26.2 here I come! 
@polkadot1052 yes and i cant wait lol   been weeks of late long nights
@larrioux I predict you will have many great days outside and a paycheck to fund it! 
Two days count down 
@tiaras_tantrums. Do you know how sad I was a couple of weeks ago when Qwitter told me you un-followed me. I'm so glad you are back 
@timothompson Thanks!  We're pretty excited....and now more news to come in the next couple of weeks 
prom was fuunnn :] 2 days til my birthday 
thirtythree days until hawaii 
  feeling ok for the first time in a few days. thank you!
Not an altogether gnarly day, did not got lost, did not break anything by accident. It's the small victories some days 
my birthday is in 49days 
can't wait to see @taylorswift13 in london in like, 4 days ! 
@johncmayer I like your level of commitment, I thought you would have got over this experiment days ago 
3.4 days of tiesto  joy
@3sixty5days no need to apologise.  It was a good read actually. 
@marcomr sitting at Wieners and think about the good old days 
@Documentally I think I have enough tea bags for two weeks 
god i'm bored! sorted all my holiday clothes &amp; think i've got pretty much everything  48 days;) lol
61 more days till holidays  countdowns on!!!!!
@Jocassels poor things have forgotton who i am, i haven't ridden in ages but now i have days off i'm lookinf forward to a ride in the sun 
4 to 5 weeks of care freeness! Hurrraaaaayyy!! 
@fuckbomb my tattoo started peeling after four days as well. i'm currently on day five and the itching is almost unbearable lol 
feeling loved up, cozy and content with things - it can't last! I've baked 2 cakes this week - so fat days are coming - that'll change it 
@MadamSalami oo sounds lovely can i have one for mine in a couple of weeks 
@Whitlovesgreys haha sweet!  and dont feel pathetic, weekends are do nothing days. 
@DallasDeb more than 2 days... Next day off is may 9th. Wtf? But I'll be fine atleast there will be 2 nice paychecks @ the end of it. 
is much anticipating 3-days off and hopefully a trip 
@BrittanyRS 4days till margarita madness at the poooooooool 
http://twitpic.com/4hjom Some days I just can't believe how cool I really am.  You just wish you could pull off the hat.
wow only got 3 weeks (14 days) left of school! thats come quickly 
@diva70 by sweetie   12 more days..
@ShellyKramer  Today for some reason it's worst than other days... I may need a nap...
 oh how i love being home some days... &lt;3
@PedanticBohemia I wont forget it is marked on my claendar as well.   I'm counting down the days. :-D
@cg2045 just make ur remaining days fun 
@BuildingWalls I've had change thrown at me in times sq. while riding my bike. I tend to avoid that area these days 
@Nellisas you will be the first to know...only a matter of days now  Definitely put it up on twittter well before
Finally the paper is finished and turned in! 3 days early too! 
@bluedevilmsn That pic is from a few weeks ago. But, yes, I &lt;3 my crocs 
@imwally nice - let me know how it works out for you in a couple of weeks 
An then it is sent to ur recipient in 3 days..and it costs 1.99 per card. Which if u think about it--is cheaper than a card and postge!!! 
is 18 in 11 days! and cant wait to get tattooed some more 
@italylogue 14 days til rome 
@viviano123 haha thanks! That tire thing was terrible! We hope to get to your area again one of these days 
44 more days!  on the telephono with nick
Looking forward to a visit from my favorite little munchkin... 6 days! 
@cathy_cochina40 i hope too cathy  but the worst thing is that the shows are some days ago...so better watching it on internet
haven't updated in a while. html code has been eating my brain for the last couple of days. am a zombie now. 
@pinwheelgirl yes I agree, at least for a few more weeks until I can't handle the heat all day any more 
@Nancecy in a few days I will  I'm experiencing that whole 'law is a jealous  mistess' thing! It is so not cool!
misses her baby very much. Nine more days and I can kiss him again. 
@BlogsForBraces only when I'm bored, which is rare. I just tank my way through levels. I came back 5 days ago and I've gained 5 levels. 
@Queensowntalia if you cry a lot , you'll have your first bath in weeks 
@wellreadkitty you get days like that. just gptta roll with em 
is nervously (and very excitedly!) counting down the days until she will be reunited with her bf. 
@titusofalltime  ive been sick the past few days, THATS ALL I BEEN DOING!  i think i may re watch the original series to pass time 
@theblackbug I realized that I think 4 weeks into college, welcome to the otherside 
13 days until graduation 
after 9 weeks it has finally rained - not quite enough yet but more seems to be coming  the garden is very happy about it.
@unreal_g: I`ve been sneezing and felt like a train-wreck for the last two weeks myself. But it`s not piggystuff.  So we`re good then.
11 days till county raly  i had 2 tak 3 from 14 it took me a while
@inkophile I have weekends like that too - almost always at the end of &quot;one of those weeks&quot;! 
@sucka99 yep 14 days whoop 
my birthday is in 2 days 
bought my pink ipod nano 2 days ago  will be delivered this week. YAY!  &amp; hopefully getting ears pierced again in a few weeks XD
@bmthofficial i am seeing you in sydney in 12 days for the third time 
wow- back to business as usual after 3 days  of excess  #weekend
@walkaboutgroup Have fun guys! We're about 55 days behind you 
26 days till 18  cant wait.
and it's off to work I go, only 9.5 days until the kiddo's finish 
Early monday cramming... yay. Only a few weeks left 
will be very hard to go back to work this morning- 4 straight days at disneyland tends to do that 
Most experts recommend that you exercise up to 90 minutes most days of the week. (two Jillian videos) 
@kimgoss i been saying that the past 2 weeks that i miss playing spades and drinkin chillin.. the good old days.. let me know baby 
@xVOJOx It's kind of like your birthday is 3-days long! 
Just ordered henna! I'll be a redhead again in a few weeks. 
stood for 4 hours in heels. all for looks and to b able to look over tall people.  
@tonyt787 I read them a couple of weeks ago  They work really well with the movie.
@BBlane yeah i work 7 days 
i can't wait. 2 more days till happiness. 
@michau Sounds like a good five days 
128 days till beyonce 
48 days till brighton 
@lu_lu I must be getting old and bent: that is the second thing you've said in the last couple of days that has not really been a turnon 
@allysonalfonso hahah lucky!! i have to wait 4 days! poop lol where abouts in the gold coast are you? (if u dnt mind me asking) 
@emilyhall92 awww bless him  i am indeed coming, 68 days woooo! are you?
@loisheilig your welcome. you have picked up the slack the last few days, my turn to get it. 
2 days after #all4web ...i'm still tired 
Just like the old days  drinkin at the old spot .
@somemandy I've been spending couple of days sick and eating 'crap' food. Now I'm feeling well, saatnya balas dendam! 
@sharlynnx me too! but i guess it wont arrive before two-five weeks  have you ordered yours? 
@hotsports You know I didn't even know there were different days for those celebrations across the globe 
@MelanieBrandt Sounds like it was quite the gala... I have good memories of when we got to go a few years back.  Great getting tux'ed up 
ALSO, yesterday was by far one of the greatest days of my life. what an amazing experience! 
only ten days till the rascals  must make sure we get there nice and early so we can be close to miles
I'm off for a drive in a sunshine  happy days
borred likee inehhhh  :/   oh well  2 moree weeks in schoool  
see you in eight days, baby 
@patrickveenhoff sorry, Alzie - it WAS 08, my FRIEND  But hey - you're a whole 15 days older. That CAN make a difference 
I made $65 tonight just in tips. Over the past two days I have made over $115. 
12 days till i graduate with my aa 
just found his wallet after having it go missing for three days 
celtics &amp; trying to actually get some of my homework done.. 5 days 
The real countdown begins - 5 days to go before we travel  One continent but so many cities !!!
@sacredblue that means 'perfect days' to me  just eating brains, don't need to care about anything else... *.*
@feliw i'd go back to early 30's in a heartbeat.. i swear i concert and it takes days to recoup...what's up with that?   
@MookieDesigns yes but not specifically at you; spam's been jamming up my tweetfeed for a few days now &amp; i just had to grumble a bit.  
Almost 3 more days broder! Haha goodnight everyone 
@afterhours_w_aj I shouldnt commit to something I will forget to do. I can't even remember to feed my dog these days!! 
23 days till my marine is back  finished one of my finals  goodnight!!
I never believed anyone when they told me college would fly by...5 years...and I'm days away from my greatest accomplishment thus far 
Oh yeah, back and neck update.  I've spent the better part of the the last two days resting and it feels much better.  
My birthday is in 5 days!!!! 
25 more days until i leave for australia  get me out of hereeeeee
getting ready for bed...graduation in 2 days!!!!!! YAY!!!! 
surprised at how good green days new album actually is 
'Ive never told a lie and that makes me a liar' -18 days 
@3sixty5days i have no idea, i just wanted to ask 
@EverywhereTrip aww sorry to hear you are having 1 of those days, but your never alone in the twitterverse 
countin' down the (42) days... 
@PutnamAdventure gym 5-6 days a week plus extra stuff when the weather is nice...plus no more stress eating... 
past 4 days have been greattt  oh, and we're guna win the league !
Only 2 more days till rock the coast!!!!!! I'm so excited! 
2 weeks left of school, meaning in 2 weeks my life will be spent on the beach and reading with jenna during her 9th month 
Last final! Two days and i'm outta here! 
@Spitphyre  i wud luv 2 do that.Its jus tht my busy schedule keeps me off..I went 2 delhi 2days bfore #marriage and left 2 days post that.
On my way to camp... two days 
Photovia jessiv) 8 days till I finally see them.  http://tumblr.com/xzn1s4141
enjoying my last days of lazy 
@sharon_a i will be back soon  just a few weeks left..i love you too :*
@gastronomer when i come back from an out of town excursion in 2 weeks, i will highly consider this (along with my carb intake counts  )
@tara that is true... timeline rocks! download the trial version you'll have 30 days to get your project done 
not in the state for the next few days (well for more than like 12 hours)  road trip then cape!! finally
@zyber17 alright well the site is www.touchmiphone.com but it isn't set up yet, because we bought the domain 2 days ago. let me know 
too happy enjoying my freaking 10 days of holiday, i guess 
t-minus 3 days until i get to tackle your little ass @OctoberVJ.  
@dentaldiva1 I'll give it a shot. one of these days. 
according to this http://bit.ly/b6mPa  I will be 10000 days old in 8 days. time to celectrate  #fb
I am just going enjoy these last days i have with you. Gnight. 
I am just going enjoy to these last days i have with you. Gnight. 
Home for a couple of days 
@ktea43 hello! You there? I sent you an email a couple of weeks ago 
138 days til my lil adventure 
bali in 2 weeks so excited 
Discovering what is twitter right now  , and i'll continue updating my cv as i have an interview after a few days..
wahey internet is finally working properly again   only taken 3 days! http://bit.ly/17EYBN
5 days until watersports   still not ready tho! x
loves the off days 
@DizzyDezzi enjoy the mani/pedi! I got mine a few days ago. It is so nice! 
yeaaa! 2 more days  caaaaaant wait.
cedar point in 2 days  can't wait!
@brookedanielle_  this song, 2 weeks ago, changed your lif. 
@naor No bud, the heat is not to blame. It's just one of those days... you expect clarity and find yourself tangled 
@WeTheTRAVIS i'd pack a waterproof coat. we've been pissed on the last couple of days. can't wait to see you on sat! 
I love rainy days when I can stay inside 
@KatherineHelena enjoy the summer, get my results &amp; hopefully get into uni  awoooga. i finish in 2 days.
So my texts wrk now- 2 days later! I can breathe now 
graduation in three days 
night turned out pretty good. my birthdays in 5 days 
Today...well sunday MORE than made up for the last couple days! 
I cant wait to see @DavidArchie in 33 days! 
@Suksy couple of days back...had a really good trip 
seriously what a good day... 73 days til california 
ideas on how to tone your tummy? sicily in 2 months  xx
Things are done, mostly. And two days. 
drinking and packing  we discovered this was a bad combination when i was packing for texas and yet...here i am again. 3 more days!
@OweeW great!! my days just gotten worse 
counting the days til vegas 
going to make some breakfast and watch days of our lives 
wtf... sensex touches 14K? do we again see days of 20+ k's?? 
@LillekeRohus and I continue ... &amp; in a few days we already have facebooks 
@djbriancua still? You should really rest! As in bed (not the bar) rest for a few days! 
@CarterAU says the man who has had nothing but 4 day work weeks for months now... 
chillin' :] I just love days like these 
@lelai_ welcome leslie.  what's in two weeks?  
@rememberjess aww..you're sick too?  well, I've been sick for 3 days now..uggghh!  get well soon! 
@workingnana oh i have had enough... we had a whole bunch a couple weeks ago 
@CirkusMike yay! saw circusoz at the southbank maybe four years ago with the flying chickens; really inspirational  back to the uk soon?
@SDfreshprince08 yeah you're right. I slept for 2 days now i'm a half dead 
@heikolearnscq5 thanks  can leave hospital later today, but still forced to stay in bed for some days. (+ daily doc visits)
5 days and the mountains........ 
i wake up, it's raining and it's monday. Looks like one of those rough days. 
@whatsername2 sweet, let me know if you can't. and yeah, they changed their minds a few weeks ago. she's so beautiful  *mushy thoughts*
@VioletsCRUK no, I am working got up at 7 (after late morn last few days so body not adjusted 
random days off the next 2 weeks should make work not so cumbersome. 
So not looking forward to the heat in the upcoming days... the high 80's is considered refreshing around here!  
the countdown has begun!!!  nineteen days to go!!!! 
@spiderztweet There are jobs under process, we will open 4 days after its complete.....we're counting the seconds 
@virtuallyready its been horrible here the last few days, just good to see the sun come back out  I will enjoy it haha
cannot freakin! wait for this weekend.  4 days bitches 
@ilb I found a perfect box for them yesterday. I'll try to get them sent in the next couple days.  I'll make a store banner eventually.
County fair is in two days....will you be attending?! 
loves days with amy 
After a busy couple of weeks, personally &amp; professionally, I'm back!  
@marcos_placona I'd be interested in your thoughts in a couple months 
8 days till graduation. 
@tpb deal was six days stick to that 
damn i love coffee and trash tv and days off 
@meghaneyr  goodnight megers.  Thanks for helping me out the last few weeks.  You are trully one of my favorite peeps of all time.  
now for those who know -me- I def. will hav I dance moves 2 ego dwn pack in 3 days!! -sad- I know I know 
I follow @chavis_t  because he is a nice gentleman with a great smile... and that's hard to find these days! 
@Butterflyshoes A bit tired, but is last day of this half term and have 9 days off woohoo! 
2 days to my bday! 
as ignorant as it sounds... I gave up the news 4 a few days; It's too depressing! I just watch cartoons... Puts me in a happy place 
Now moved into new job in stafford.....week off to settle in and the ill collect my kids for a few days 
At least I managed to download the song I've wanted for days  AT LEAST! *sighs*
@Esurientes Must dash - will see you in a couple of weeks. Best wishes to all that deserve it   F
Finally home after one of the longest, most fun and lucrative days of my career! 
@jennawenna if you go by dog years thats only like 7 days 
@dorkus ur hamster died? oh that really sucks, if mine dcied i'd be in mourning for about 6 months! what was it called? mines called binx 
a desk-bound day, but marvelling at how lovely the white clematis is which we can see from the window  It's been flowering for weeks now.
breakfast down, now to get 3 days work done in one!!to the bat mobile 
@feltfood I only have one bar left in my shop ... but another big batch will be ready in 4 weeks 
http://twitpic.com/5om4x - #followfriday list, will add this weeks worthy newcomers soon! 
@mistygirlph thanks for bringing that back to the surface. I change mine every few days it keeps me entertained 
5 days till my birthday! 
Going to get my mum back  happy days!!
39 days until the end of the financial year but it's friday, tv, a bit of booze and *sigh* 2 days of rest 
9 days til the eleventyseven and stephanie smith concert!!!! 
@Hazyfantazy1 U too hon - looking forward to the bank holiday &amp; doin' nothing 4 a few days!! 
sunshine in 22 days &lt;3 can't wait  !!
&quot;so many wonderful memories from those days&quot; meet the fockers 
@SamChampion first time I've worn sunglasses in like ... 9 days???? Skies are still gray but it's sunny!  http://mypict.me/1nDI
500+ downloads in less than 3 days! http://bit.ly/G641P   
Just a spooon full of sugar helps the meds goo down in the most delightful wayyy  39 days!&lt;3
after an all nighter, i'm exhausted and missing jocelyn already. i can't wait for two weeks to pass so i can see her again!!! 
@richardbaxter hahaha, I won't turn it down  But totally giving you three pounds in a few weeks if I can remember to bring them 
omg i love rainy days 
Final day before 2 weeks vacation  Going to be a long one filled with final reports, dog dates, cleaning and of course beginning to pack
@jobangels new changes to the site going up over the next few days  #jobsphere - 3 new jobs posted @ http://www.jobsphere.org/ #jobangels
Yay, someone who likes fresh air has gone on holidays for 2 weeks, get in! woop 
12 weeks til I get my drivers permit!!!  but 8 days tile summer break officially beginns! =D
Counting down the days until my cast comes off!!!  4 
My data entry is finished for another couple of days wooo  I'm too damn resilient to let something affect me as much, so I won't. I'm fine
@AllieT1983 I remember those days fondly. But that was back when I found sitcoms funny. 
I don't do much #followfriday these days, but I must recommend @beebow for her energetic and friendly presence here. 
two weeks off till next exam - relax 
3 more days of homework!! I feel like a kid again!  
no alarm clock for the next 3 days 
listening to the slow and peace full spectrum of music as its one of those days  http://www.last.fm/user/usmanx
@bmillah Thanks! I guess I'm almost done with the 1st trimester. 10 weeks or so? It's #3 so we'll see how that goes. 
@telbort thank you for that random fact.  I will store it for one of the many rainy days here   I hope all is well in your world?
@toyabanks not from your dancing days are they *wink* 
3 days until my birthday   yay for 23... i think... maybe... not really sure
Man, hate the workday after a long weekend. Hopefully next few days will be better 
last three days to holiday and wedding ceremony  so happy and excited..
so tired. but well worth it. 6 incredibly fun days. thx bay area crew 
i have the urge to watch holes. and last weeks criminal minds episode. it was great lol 
8 days to the t20 cricket world cup and 17 days to my vacation!! 
Really looking forward to vacation!!!!! 16 days!! 
Already having trouble controlling my excitement for my upcoming trip... 9 days until 
@jthawthorne its okay  just save me some ill be there in 3 weeks.
.....prom ...2 days away ...lets get it 
@sloane just back. 1500 miles in 4 days. my ass is killing me!  
rediscovering a love for songs from the growing up days - the 90s... 
hate the weeks before holidays! but I managed physics and.. it was'nt that bad... I hope 
I can make ur days and nights look like fantasies 
loves life these days 
nor the whore &amp; i are creating beatmagic  who sleeps these days, bitch we need to git famous!
@rienne19 me too! Are we losers or what? They leave for a few days and we fall apart 
@bailsebeth have fun at dave  i still have more than two weeks. but hey, he comes to my city two nights in a row. ohhh, the possibilties.
12 days to go  cant wait
@jiipee Yes, considered that myself, but my last check was in '95 in army so I can wait another 6 months. 
&quot;it takes a week, and with the doctors help it takes seven days&quot; baha 
Yay, long weekend   I can sleep in for 3 days in a row.
had a tough last couple weeks but happy to be in the bay area 
6 days to graduation! 
hmmm i wonder, how many days to go? 5 it is 
conversion rate from 2% to 9% in 30 days... how? 
@jerrybarnett  - cycle in put the schedule back and enjoy it - how many days of fabdabulous sunshine do we get? do it... do it.... 
10 days clear of writing... whatever will I do? The benefits of handing in a piece early and before deadline. 
