Most common words for this cluster:
[('death', 328), ('accident', 28), ('dead', 20), ('kill', 13), ('crash', 12), ('suicide', 10), ('murder', 10), ('com', 8), ('feels', 7), ('kills', 7), ('http', 7), ('dies', 7)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'death', 0.9417927861213684), (u'deaths', 0.663323700428009), (u'murder', 0.6540958881378174), (u'untimely_death', 0.6290308833122253), (u'killing', 0.6163399815559387), (u'fatal', 0.6152680516242981), (u'murdered', 0.6137324571609497), (u'slaying', 0.6105148792266846), (u'dead', 0.609735906124115), (u'died', 0.5886878967285156)]





Watching death race....found out sandra cantu is dead 
@HopeOk but i will be soon.  -dies-
@cincincintya my seed is on the verge of death!  thinking of what seedling i can plant to replace
I am responsible for extreme tree murder 
Long live my xbox 360. The red ring of death has finally overcome it. 
@ahkai 1 death, 1 miscarried n 1 still critical condition is v grave 
I feel like death, can't even believe I'm at work right now 
Waaaa my boss is here 2day  &lt;The*4th*Death&gt;
@GirlswithGoals I'm sorry to hear about the death of your beloved canine 
@saalon the street racing was lame, and the shift from college to degrassi was awkward. and the J.T. death was just uncomfortable 
Why does he do this to me?!  god, i was going to rape him!
@therealTiffany i thinkk you guys should take a picture. and @ reply it to me in a twitpic because i love you both of u to death. miss u 
earlier i watched somethin on prison rape....makes me neva want to go to prison. i don't want to be raped  my cuzn machoke got raped..
Oh noes! brothers xbox 360 has the red ring of death 
500/1500 .... kill me now 
Mourning the death of my camera, you will be very, very missed 
@MirellaD I know  god,kill me
@abbeman93 death is unfair 
urghh, i'm gunna leave the paragraoh on death camps til tommrow 
bored to death  mohnishgs
This paper is going to be the death of me... all i wanna do is sleep   sadly that does not look like it is in my future. ahhh!
@_naKi if i got rid of you they'd arrest me  unless i make it look like an accident!
@aswang also, I'm sad to say that I've been watching the oxford comma die a slow death in technical writing already. 
Boring myself to death 
boreddd to death can't sleep? 
About to crash. tired and itchy 
Why does it always smell like death and cat food on my floor? 
just hangin in there... its been a week since granpa's death.. 
damn bored to death... 45 minutes more in this hellhole! with giggling girls! 
dying a minor death today after too much fucking vodka 
@deinera I'm not arguing.  I don't get it...what is it about the good shows that keep dying an early death?
@dreamdiamond Suspected, yes, but I doubt we'll ever know for sure now the perpetrator has died; total death toll now on 7 and may rise 
@taragee  a fate worse then death - I'm drinking your share to even it up okay?
watching death factory with jessy. I'm terrified! 
thinks Underground is dying a slow death 
@SincereBC its alwaysssss an accident....  urggg
it's raining  i hate THUNDERS!!! they scare me to death!
@killer_k that is awful. they aren't even coming here though 
i feeel like death 
feels like death 
reallly super hungover  on my death bed.
I've got a spot and its killing me! 
killer sore throat.  When i sneeze i want to cry
is bored 2 death.... 
may have caught a cold from her niece.. I love her to death but I can't get sick now! 
@GunsmokeKath They both die 
Someone bring me food? I'll starve to death otherwise  lol
Holy heck I feel like death 
oh wow... my kill/death ratio has plummeted  must... play... moar
matts coughing i think he has sudden infant death syndrom 
feel like death this morning 
So over my guppies dying.  I blame all the death on the 2 month old tank that broke not too long ago and the stress they were under.    
@JLSOfficial your forum.. is going to be the death of me. like actually exploding death.. it wont be pretty  mr get tweeting we miss yu =[
@SexySpunkRansom i have to sleep now girl  talk to you when i can ok. iloveyou to death!
Is it possible to be that sick that it feels like your on your death bed??? 
@ABCDianne It was an accident I swear 
is shaking and looks like death warmed up ALSO im rather concerned i have an ear infection, it hurts 
why why oh why cant I get myself motivated, this avolition will be the death of me 
@joeythehoey I want a coma 
ugh why can't i purge  i feel like death
is mourning the death of her bio midterm. 
I feel like death is swarming over...i'm so sick right now 
My mouse is on the verge of death. 
http://twitpic.com/5cngj - was bored to death. 
@forever_alwaysx  samee.  but i love you to death babe! 
soulseek virused my computer to death 
@kerryank apparently may 16th is the anniversary of her mothes death 
so, this is what death feels like. 
@stephenfry My mum said i'm weird because i love murder/crime stories, what do you think? 
No more alcohol ever again feel like death 
death by accounting 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5cmep - only 6 or 7 days to my death! 
feels like death but had so much fun last night; working 
@PrestonHymas it was an accident !!! 
Ugggh. I feel like death 
you can't prepare for the death. even if you think you are, you're not. 
Laying in bed...feeling like death. 
really need to revise but murder she wrote is on 
Is extemely saddened by the sudden death of her favorite aunt this morning.  http://tinyurl.com/r935so
its almost 4am and i cant breath well enough to sleep....kill me 
our cat of 13 years has passed away... dying a slow and painful death  hope you are in peace now, we will miss you terribly.
feel like death now. 
is about to dose off at central, even with a stabbing. So tired! 
V ok, now I feel really dizzy and sick. This is not fun. It feels like death 
@xthemusic We were worried about your disappearance 
I look and feel like death right now. 
I was on a train tonight and we got held up for about an hour we hit someone who was commiting suicide  It was a tragic death  R.I.P
@fakearomance ugh. i know! that one was awful. suicide always really gets to me... 
Is starving to death 
commiting a suicide by cutting veins while drunk 
crash in Qmbol 
Roasting to most probably death 
favorite shirt ruined:death by bleach  #fb
This heartburn may be the death of me. 
&lt;-----bored to death 
bored fixed the internet for my dad but now im bored to death 
My blackberry is soon approaching her death 
@thekelly poor us, just worked to death 
note to self never give mom keys to house, damn woman nearly scared me to death, made me leave calidornia 
i aint alive....im just breathing to death 
red ring of death 
Aw crap. I think my fish is on the verge of death.. It won't swim 
@conversecat i love him to death, its just we still miss our old youth group 
@DaisyOfLove that fucking suck's  i hope they die a slow painful death
It's my grandfather's day of death... 
bleed to death aaaaaaah cut me in my hand while i make breakfast  iiits hurting
Just saw the worst accident on the 401 
I am sad, but relieved - cancer deaths can be so brutal  
i'm dying a slow painful death... i am not surprisingly upbeat 
My truck is near death.  
I just found out about two recent deaths.  that needs to motivate me to get up out of this bed...but i haven't moved yet #homegoingfail
@darrangilpin I tried to fix it 5 times  It either gives me the pic I'm trying to delete or the red x of death.
strep throat mght be the death of me 
Taking a small break from painting. It's as hot as death outside. 
i have the flu! i feel like death 
Wow, we almost just got in an accident. 
Who knew you can Twitted from your death bed. So sick 
@davedinosaur whyy?  I hope it was an accident...
It scares me a little that ive never had to deal with death.... 
@katiesantry it was super dead where i work too!! i know what you mean! 
I am a clump of fowl  sunstroke. Death. 
sick like death  http://twitpic.com/6astx
@JonathanRKnight oh, you make touring sound like a death sentence...  
I feel like absolute death. 
does not feel well at all. I feel haggard &amp; uneasy &amp; dead.  http://plurk.com/p/xb77x
so i feel like death with itchy burnt skin  i need someone to cuddle
i feel like death... 
is in islamic- kill me now 
@elizabethxanne .......    Whatever ur dead to me.
@TidyCat not really, still feel like death in the tummy 
i feel like death walking 
I have to start killing calves now 
Ring of death 
@jessstroup really? me too! in the cemetery when cedric dead 
Just saw an accident. 
death to terranet! im paying for a 512 connection and getting.... well... not 512... 
still feel like death. 
@YOUNGSAFE i am  i feel like death
And this is when cedric dies 
@torchstar sudden kitten death syndrome  there was no sign at all she was curled up in her bed this morning
@deadlyhouses  But paste tastes like death!
i'm pretty sure these headaches are going to be the death of me.  
This headache will be the death of me.  
Why did I have to be woken up so early?  There'll be murder.
i did it by accident!!!! 
@alanarules hells yeah, it nerds represent *bump knuckles* i didnt get any strange looks, probably cos i look like death warmed up.. 
bored to death in hosp 
is about to have her house photo...looking like death 
just Boreded to Death, i guess 
death knight still 65 
got side tracked watching midsommer murders! now ill have to stay up writing even later 
My condolences with those who suffered in the crash. 
@magikfaces Aweee I'm soooo jealous dying lol I think I'm going thailad but 
@n3lzz ugh! Death in slow motion!!!!!  how was ur wknd? I mean besides the obvious?
3 down, 4 to go. These exams are trying to be my demise! At least the demise of my sleep 
i am board tu death............  ..............
i hate plane crashes.... 
Worrying myself to death 
is baking to death in bed, tis too warm 
@NataniaBarron @pauljessup I'm so glad he's okay, too! I would hated to have been responsible for such a sweet kitty's death. 
@willyaquino  it was an accident! haha
@ClaudeKelly put me to shame I luved death note when I first saw it but I still haven't caught up... I still want to see the movies too 
I cannot stand all this death around me,i need to get out 
i wanted a delayed separation decapitation there.  #e3
sickness+football+heat=death 
dead tired..but can't go to sleep just yet !!! 
@paaauly sorry to hear about your accident, that suuuuucks 
flex death 
@rpulse I clicked on you by accident, I'm so sorry, and embarassed 
Trying to get over da death in my family!! 
wishes his cellphone wasn't on the verge of death... 
The bluescreen of death 
@ketnos pepper is dead   the cpu fan wire got cut somehow and it burnt to death
Ugh west coast O's games are the death of me. I never get enough sleep when they travel out there. 
Feels like death warmed up 
what a disaster.  my prayers go out to the victims of the crash.  http://tinyurl.com/mmcpsv
I think I just caused a frog to plummet to its death from my stairs... 
@MollieK121 What crash? 
The worst crash ever. 
@SephoraJunkie lol its dawn of the living dead not dawn of the dead and its sucked it looked like their budget was $10 lol 
hates that my computer is dying a slow death 
siting in my room bored to death 
Uuuuugh... I am literally coughing myself into death i swear  I haven't even had a fag in three days!
is bugged to death.. 
but as of now she has the flu  and feels like death warmed up
Every 30 minutes death chimes go off symbolizing a drunk driving accident.. Its really bringing me down 
feel like death 
@madisongray I'mso so sorry for yourbrother's disappearence!!  
at work dying a slow painful death by boredom 
@bboyvizion I smashed amandas by accident and had to donate mine to make up for it 
I dont care about the death of a hired man or robert frost 
feel like death 
@HarveyLevinTMZ are they still thinking suicide? 
kill me now,please 
@meat0is0murder  You're not online butterboobs. 
I am scared to death about something right now 
In math bored to death 
ffs 5 deaths in a row 
Bad crash on 490W near winton 
it's being so sad, so bad so killer for me dont have mcfly near 
@scissorhandvamp  mine are twisted, dark and involve death. i think i've lost it. :|
Just got in my first accident  can't stop crying
bored to death at my aunts house 
close to death 
@CMCx shit. mine kills too though.  i seriously feel like crying.
@jacvanek I already preordered through glamour kills 
@Styles818 I still want death of auto tune thooooo 
Is freezing to death 
throat. kills. 
still feel like death.. i have never been this sick in my life 
have a little accident 
@seansmithsucks bmth and gallows. aww I wish I was there 
bro-in-law still in coma.tragic.he is only son after untimely death of younger bro in accident.my heart bleeds for the parents and family 
@bronte_saurus You never told me there would be the possibility of death. 
@vincentho1 spoiler: aeris dies. ugh. i was going to cry 
@whoiscraig i feel like death 
in florida...lost my bracelet on the manta and had to see it plumit to its death! 
today is my father's 3rd death anniv ..and I am gonna loose one more person closest to my heart   .. absolutely shattered.
@ddotomen whappen? u were in an accident or sum'n? 
bored to death 
@princesstriszh awww, what accident? 
I'm very hurt! I don't want to have more accidents 
@ChollieSwaggmor dang thats messed up..ugh..I hate death!! 
Cough cough cough die ... 
My PC is dying a slow death. 
What a beautiful morning. Just right to attend the anniversary of my grandaunty's death 
@t0rdo0r it was on accident  I didn't know it was rotten!!
death to not being able to fuccking figure out how to find my friends 
haunt me like you used to. i love you best when you scare me to death.  fml
Is really bored and misses her baby to death. 
is sick and feels like death.. 
I've not practiced yoga or taught any classes in two weeks! Death of a loved one is the only thing that can interfer with my practice 
These headaches will be the death of me. 
I just got an email about the death of z-cult fm. I sulk now 
that autobiography is killing me to death,, argghhh,,,,  I don't seem to like what's happening... 
my 360 has died with the red ring of death for the 2nd time.. off to microsoft again then 
what a death filled weekend. 
feels like death and wants a cuddle 
I feel like death warmed up 
@goldielocking my tweetdeck crashes too often 
feels like death this afternoon... think i had too much sleep 
Just got xbox's ring of death  life over 
hes leavingg..  ... forever... i think i might cut myself to death... :L
Its too early for accidents 
@GaliSuperMutt I know accidents happen sometimes, but I still feel ashamed when I do it.  
@The8thDoctor I don't want to die.  Death is a scary and dark place. I don't like black. I like bright colours, like red and orange.
Feeling like Death. ugghhh 
I feel like death warned over 
One of my fish committed suicide 
boredd. cant go to the movies  Wow, drag me to hell is really stupid, but it still scared me to death !
@Maykats Aww i feel so sad  I wish we saw his death from his p.o.v. and him dying was described more - and the end! awww 
You the you the best kills me softly  hated-ed it!
@VampireKat Stoppit, you is scarin me to death! You might be focused on prey, but I is NOT prey, I is your pal, GarfieldNZ... 
Ugh, I feel like death warmed up 
@thedirtbird death by snu snu? 
... But i miss my shannon.  i wuvvv her to death
@Blueberrykitty I'm going to snuggle you to death, then I'll suffocate from my allergies 
Awaiting the final death 
@PoshLopez lol the lesbian one. aw no edies death is so sad 
aww how sad to see eedy die 
im sooo shocked about misawa's death...he is the legend of Japanese wrestling... #misawa #wrestling 
dead tired again! 
I hope Shannons divorce isn't 2 brutal.... why do I feel like franks death has something 2 do with it? 
is working but sad after learning of the death of a colleague,aged only 52 
Death cough. 
did not find any roach to kill  Death toll = 114.
Misses her bff! And I feel like I'm on my death bed 
desert in new mexico and i starved to death...  
I feel like death. 
Should standing up to what you believe in lead to death? R.I.P  #iranelection
After being on my death bed last week, not excited about feeling sick again 
My goldfish commited suicide!! 
death??? 
@gem82 He is charged! He's just old and dies quickly. 
@caassyy oyy i heard about the accident 
Almost killed a squirel on the road  They're  ugly, but not worthy of death
feeling like death....just want to die 
tragic and depressing 
@MelissaJeanine no dead 
i wonder why kutner committed suicide! 
Spending will the be the death of me. 
@unsuckdcmetro Turns out it was a suicide. 
@Jfresh2death I'm jealous! 
English is really frikin killing me  I give up starting now 
still feel like death 
is bored 2 death......... 
totally shocked at the death of such a good mate 
The red ring of death isn't supposed to happen to me. 
@basantam My condolences! Death seems to be upon us right now... 
dudeee, i feel so sickk, throat effiun kills 
I miss middle school to death...   I wanna go back! :'(
I feel like I'm legit dying...I just want to curl up and die. aHhhh  
Witnessed a bunny get pecked to death by crows. 
dead fooot 
How do you explain death to a 5 year old?? 
I hate it when my compy crashes.  
so comcast isnt working  kill me already.
sometimes, guys, my job seriously makes me want to die. like. death. .kill myself. dead liz.  seriously  they should pay me more
@KatGirl44 *hides you* Yews cannot dies! 
just got in an accident 
Exams will be the death of me 
Aw death of the nerd bird 
Waiting for the bus. Why it hasn't arrived yet? I'm starving to death 
grandfather on his death bed  ... fml
@MacallisterBurn: everyone half to death. 
@mrbusdrvr8 but like crash dieting. It's easy to gain it back if you didn't lose it regularly. 
Death is upon me  like really seriously 
is unhappy to hear of the death of a good friend. 
Has just sent back the 360 i nearly burst into tears when i turned it on to the dredded red ring of death no cod4 4 over a month.. gutted 
sittin at the college...bored to death 
dead ipod 
Invincible 63-  I knew it was coming, but still...For a second there I thought it was all a red herring for an even crazier death!
@jenkitty neato! and will it work if i don't have 3.0? cuz my laptop is dead dead dead. 
is sick to death now  please can someone take over doing this? 
my blokia is death 
can't find my most favorite head band, this is like death to me, gahhhh!  
@realdetective *dies with you* 
@BrendanLacroix failed at killing my firefly but did scare him away 
my kids are scared to death 
AHH some kind of animal just had an awful death outside my window... 
@LaKarune yikes! apparently the death toll is up to 8 
death is so tragic  even if you don't know the person who died.
ugh, PandaStream kills me. 
Efff this test is too hard and i studied as in life or death. Ahh! 
bio regents...scared to death! 
assignments are death 
@ajlinder i can't even shut off the black screen of death. itunes doesn't recognize it either. 
I feel like death and I can't stop throwing up, can I please go home? 
@alisoncuomo We just heard it too! We're going to start drowning soon 
I really hate death and the regrets that come with it.... 
bad bad nightmare type situation..... screamed bloody murder. Not cooool 
@simonmcconico lol, the accident  made it extra creepy
Sweating to death. 
How rude! Death by sprinkle ingestion! But they wont let me 
soooo i think i'm starting to like suicide silence 
Just got a blue screen of death 
just noticed my memory usage, I'm in swap death 
gahh i feel like death 
@joobz i will bore you to death unless you have something to say 
Disgusting hardcore death metal playing... 
@anya5000 still in shock over the death of my laptop 
my internet is crawling to a slow stumbling death 
I, Like a toddler fight sleep to the death. Usually, sleep wins 
I wish I had a magic murder bag 
My feet smell like death and rotten unwashed asshole 
dead tired. 
multiply is dying a slow painful death 
this is so incredibly boring  kill me now!
@smoshian http://twitpic.com/7s7j9 - looks like death only turd shaped 
in english being bored to death 
#fridayFAIL being killed to death by the stench of the evil office mop *bleh* 
I really think death crapnetic has turned me off Alternica for good. 
I want death ..they hurts me soo much ,what i do `?? ..Why i live there ? ...omg ..I cry just like little kid  ..I'm confused ....
@Beehardy hah, i wish. I'm still feeling like death 
two more patients before our turn comes.  i am bored to death 
@ work.   I'm bored to death
Still feel like death! 
jjjjammmmiiiinn&lt;3 tieler is gooone  it's like death.
@retemirabile  sounds good... here a lot of &quot;Death by powerpoint&quot; 
@StarrBurst I wanted to click the x but it was like looking at a bad accident... 
I feel like death my body is so sore. 
in so much pain right now and am dead dead bored 
I just missed the icecream man.  death has never felt so near. 
I'm bored to death 
wow any deaths dude? 
@cuiying still thinking! still traumatize over the death of my camera.  
Hating the prospect of watching a loved one die........    
@kaylyn17 i miss you to death  text me as soon as you cannnnnnn!
is about to go to singing lesson- i feel like death 
I shouldn't have arrived 30 mins earlier. I'm bored to death right now 
I smell someone's death 
bored to death 
in for the kill with upper extremity... 
Ugh...stomach killing me 
bored to death. 
this wednesday is the anniversary of my cousins death 
dead boredd 
bored to death 
and i just attempted to speak, which resulted in a horrid coughing fit. I guess this chest death is here to stay 
@bronger7 injuries and deaths. Boooooyah. I mean...damn 
@HeyEllaMarie you're a killer!! 
Still feel like death 
officially pronounces his hard drive dead. 
Untimely death of my headphones will make me a very unhappy person now 
bored to death pleasantville isn't so pleasant in the rain 
kill me now. 
The black widow spider just got completely squished...  and it was an accident  
To a murderer  that makes me sad!
@Jazzyblue he couldn't make due to death in the family  we were sad too.
Whhhhhhyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy  die already, plzkthx
I miss the old bury your dead. 
@ghostlightning @otakusecret @Omisyth darn! I'm at 50% death &amp; rebirth 'getting' ;) you should have told it's useless earlier 
crying for #neda and all the iranian death 
So tired.still playing.  dying.its so hot.
Feeling like death!! I have more coursework to do today aswell! 
I still don't know for sure if the former co-worker was who I think it was, but the only tweet I found references a murder-suicide. dbl 
Just woke up, on accident. 
has the plague and is on her death bed... 
@ShiftyWooten It was an accident don't think that deserves punishment. 
is mourning the hopefully temporary death of my trusted macbook pro  WHY?!?
H.R. 1108 is going to be the death of me. They're banning cloves 
Aww! that's like the 4th death I'd heard about in the last few days. 
@kevjumba congrats, but it's a little disheartening to see you're also on a list with murder victims &amp; a murderer 
@joliechose you're welcome  that is so sad about the crash.
hayfevers gonna be the death of me 
i miss my xbox. i hate you red ring of death 
@kateisacreeper my kidneys are going to fail and I'm going to die a lonely death cause you didn't visit and give me the meds 
via @happn_in_dc loved ones | mayor fenty | confirmed fatalities | minor injuries | death toll | john catoe |  ... 
is now moving on her own and is scared to death.  No one will support me in what I want so I'm on my own. 
studying for a final that is going to be the death of me.. 
Ahh this project is going to be the death of me 
death toll went to 7 in the d.c crash crzy  live life and love ppl
no new death threats today; I feel cheated 
 feel like death
eczema is going to be the death of me 
Is still hurtting from the accident!! 
death by nielsen. sad way to go 
sad to hear about the death of ed mcmahon 
@DairyBowl i dont know why most trending topics are dumb but i know they're boring me to death tonight 
This essay will be the death of me. Yes, I'm still up. 
am sickk to death of arguemnts  its not fair i want peacee 
okayy, bored to death 
last night was unreal... altho now im dying a death 
is oppining her death sentence!!!!!! (report in my hand!!!!!) heart beating soo!! fast x100  x 200
tonite I must struggling to death! no sleep tonite! 
Today looks like I have the choice between sneezing to death or melting  - http://bkite.com/08SWs
bDule crashes often... and now does not connect to fb anymore 
I think im going to die a slow and painful death of allergies 
aww... farrah fawcett is aparently hours close to death     (watching the view(cuz im manly like that)) i hate death!
@lastyearsgirl_ i was just thinking about it, but im shattered, so i think i might go home and crash 
I feel sick. Why dies prom have to be tonight 
oh so sad about farrah fawcett's death. 
@mpesce sweet... must go home shortly and make a death ray 
talking to my best friend. i just scared her to death 
@nsingman that's a reaction to urban crime and a view not held outside those cities. there's a con equivalent, too-the death penalty 
@AllisonnL33 i believe fire will be the death of us 
Death disco amazing  Smangled x
@SteveLL If I bore you to death with Royals stuff, unfollow me. 
@deililly is it to the death? 
well of to bed, i have to wake up at 6 Aghhh, kill me now and bring me back to life around 12ish 
Is bored to death....... Someone text me at 5054192059 
watching death note 
death note is simply superb... addicted to it now 
My little sister is so cute, I love her to death!  She's really hilarious!
@AlexandraVandar @HikariOblivion unleashes a b'elf death knight on you 
I love you to death... 
@death_by_spork haha I like it anyway, although i miss the spork in the pic... where did it go? 
@death_by_spork we shall see 
Is sick to death of doing French prep. I feel like killing a bitch.  chgehcfncshvd
gahh. my freaking lip ring is going to be the death of me. it never cooraperates with me. and im over it now jack haha; 
getting ready to go shooting! 
@jeeyoonit the not-so-secret rape gang? 
@ herodian   Tokings not really a boredom killer is it mate 
@PhilAubrey One on one and to the death!  
we thinks you're fresh to death! 
Finishing up with the judging for Olimpiadele Comunicarii before @dragostuta kills me 
@_faith is that an invite to crash on your couch? 
Yay lost in wetherrfield and near death experience with skowronski 
Feeling like death  but I'm still overly happy!
watching 	&quot;Murder by Death&quot;  such a classic  I love it!!
@ceetee .....batt deadbatt deadbatt dead batt dead 
@chathuras hiks hiks and hiks if praba survived he would defa kill madivadani 
@cbusmom i love euchre and could play it to the death.hehehe 
Feels like actuall death!!! @liamyoung bring me mcdonalds! 
@seneca You just have to remember that the little one is a peeer and the big one will lick you to death and the cuteness is barable 
i shouldn't be allowed to drive on the freeway. had about 6 near death experiences &amp; at least 8 death stares. way to start my morning off 
