Most common words for this cluster:
[('dentist', 426), ('doctor', 79), ('appointment', 33), ('tomorrow', 24), ('today', 21), ('orthodontist', 17), ('teeth', 17), ('dentists', 16), ('morning', 14), ('tooth', 13), ('mouth', 12), ('cavity', 11)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'dentist', 0.9705204963684082), (u'doctor', 0.767814040184021), (u'orthodontist', 0.7591265439987183), (u'Dentist', 0.7309291958808899), (u'periodontist', 0.6853426694869995), (u'dentists', 0.6799688935279846), (u'oral_surgeon', 0.6792014837265015), (u'plastic_surgeon', 0.6763701438903809), (u'dermatologist', 0.6757941842079163), (u'dental', 0.6694228053092957)]





Reeked of alcohol at the dentist this morning + was drunk when i put on my tshirt, realised it had a huge stain. Dentist looked disgusted 
@offbytwo seeing a doctor i hope? 
is off to the dentist, then the midwife for blood tests..whoop de frikking do 
off to the dentist 
Going to the dentist again  I mean, tooth spa right @valeriekhoo ;)
quite sick going to doctor now 
I really need to go to a dentist. 
Just booked a dentist appointment, what joy 
Off to the dentist... It is snowing - hope the roads are okay 
I guess I'm getting up. I miss all m friendys. I wish I was with you guys.  oh well. Dentist then rehearsals.
is chilling out after a very painful dentist appointment 
Looking forward to the dentists 
Going to have some delicious pizza, and then to the dentist 
off to the dentists now 
Getting ready to go to the dentist 
I used to like the dentist.  I dont like it too much anymore 
is going to miss my dentist  who is retiring ......because I'm a dentist wimp? No..because he let me run a tab LOL
@InThisCity dentists suck 
Dentist in the morning, then work.  
@androidtomato I'm really goingto misshim as the doctor 
going to the dentist 
The dentist pulled my last nerve ... 
@QueenOfFinland oh no! (charmer style) going to the dentist..   i dont likey the dentist either...
Does. Not. Want. To go to the doctor 
Going to the doctor 
in the doctor !! i'm scared !!! 
About to go to the doctor 
is at the dentist 
at Finthen, at the dentist  - http://bkite.com/06GZN
Finally sucked it up and went to the Dentist. I was hoping for a filling, but came home one tooth lighter 
going to the dentist 
Ah godammit. Dentist appointment tomorrow.I hope he doesnt shove needles into my mouth again 
@psydry i went to the dentist!! 
Dentist  then a funfilled day with my babyyyyy!!
Just had to pay the doctor $50 
dreading the dentist tomorrow 
chipped his tooth yesterday too  bad times. neeeeeeeed a dentist!
has booked a dentist appointment for next week 
getting some drugs in me so i am ready for the dentist tomorrow.. there's a crack in my tooth 
the orthodontist hates me 
is avoiding going to bed so she doesnt have to wake up and go to the dentist 
@lBuggy Why r u always at the dentist!  I'm not a fan of them either.
getting teeth drilled at the dentist 
Off to the dentist, wish me luck 
@blueholly yeah, that what the proctologist said 
@johnpapa I can't tonight I have early morning dentist 
counting down the hours to go to the dentist 
@itilir ?? you ok? @joshftv evil dentists hate them  
I need to go to the orthodontist. 
just remembered I have to go to the dentist in ten. fuuuun 
@SholaAma  Dentist!! I hate the dentist. Last time I went I didn't even notice my mouth had closed and I was biting his fingers! lol
@trishybee is it time to find a new doctor? 
Ouch, I think I have a cavity. How could the son of a dentist have a cavity?? 
back at the doctor 
#Invisalign gives me dry mouth. 
doesn't want to go to the dentist tomorrow 
Is waiting at the dentist 
going to the dentist has never been a problem for me, but physically dreading going tomorrow, because i know they'll find another cavity 
is off to the dentists 
i am waiting for a call from dentist to care for ailing tooth.  
is off to bed  Dentist tomorrow 
is mentally preparing himself for this dentist visit this morning.  - http://bkite.com/07AxQ
@_icarus  is he okay/going to see a doctor???
im going to my dentist 
is going to the doctor. 
Sitting in the dentist's chair  http://twitpic.com/5f9rx
going to the dentist. 
Dentist appt today. For me this is about as enjoyable as typing embalming appt today 
At the dentist waiting for a filling  can hear drilling  
is at the orthodontist. 
Going to the dentist..yay 
Off to the dentist 
Not a pretty sight... i need those vacuum tubes at the dentists 
Ugh. I'm at the orthodontist. I hate the orthodontist. 
Just back from the dentist 
is off to the Chiropractor did something to my neck..hurts like hell  Later ! xox
going to see the dentist. not fun 
Going 2 the Dentist in 2 hours  i hate the dentist 
Seriously just threw up because i was coughing so hard  i really really need to go see a doctor. Anyone have a good doctor?
At the dentist, root canal incoming 
another dentist appt.   sure, i take good care of my teeth, but i still have to take care of that one cavity.
Has the dentist this afternoon. 
going to the doctor to find out when i will have my tonsils taken out 
In the dentist!!! I hate people digging in my mouth!!!  it's so uncomfortable!!!
been at the doctor's since 9:00am...still waiting to see the doctor....soooo sleepy 
@crimpomatic ahrrr I hate dentists 
the dentist is my biggest fear  i hate him 
I've got a really bad pain in my gum but I can't afford the dentist 
hates going to the doctor 
Ugh! I don't like to go to the dentist!!! 
has to go to the dentist.... 
doesn't want to go to the dentist 
Leaving for the dentist 
I'm h0me.. Just g0t back fr0m the dentist,... can't eat 
is hitting up the dentist 
I would like to get Invisalign to fix some spaces in my teeth, but too expensive. 
I've got a dentist's appointment soon!  The drill feels like I've got my brain in a blender - not looking forward to it 
i have to go to the doctor... i don't want to... cause there i can wait sooo long... 
Dentist in less than 2 hours  Arrgghh. I like my teeth the way they are. Except for the toothache, but that's a minor quibble.
Going To the dentist 
I REALLY  should have gone to the Chiropractor this week . . And today  my neck hurts so bad
@geekandahalf I'm not donating sweetie, I was at the doctor. 
shower before doctor's appointment 
At the dentist. I liked it better when the dentist is the client. Now I'm the patient.  http://www.DamienSmithPhotography.com
I dont feel well  i got a dentist appointment later.
I hate the dentist 
On the way to the dentist. 
@soapylove Congrats on the Invisalign! I need to get refitted for mine - I got lazy and stopped wearing them. 
Dentist   but the chicks hot so thats a plus
I dont like the dentist...they make my gums hurt 
4 fillings to the good(?); two more appointments to go 
so i went to the doctor and i'm sinus infected 
going to the dentist. 
@derrick21 i have to go to the dentist...   i'm scared.
@1000mgofjenn I have a really BAD toothache and I can't go to the dentist til my insurance kicks in. It came out of nowhere. Pout. 
watching tele, went to the dentist 
@Kymdeesther do scaling  stupid fucking dentist damn impatient just now
is not excited to go to the dentist 
I'm really wishing I didn't have to go to the dentist 
going to the doctor 
@neveroddo aww  i hope you can see a dentist soon and i hope it feels better!!
is late for his dentist appt. They said it was ok, but I'm sure they are gonna make me feel it.  #fb
went to the dentist. my mouth is frozen  and i'm hungry!!!
oh no i've go to go to the dentist and by looking at what's wrong with it - it'll be a painful appointment! 
@arvislacis you may get it back though  should see a dentist for a check every 6 months anyway..
Still at the doctor's. 
is going to the doctor still very sick 
@Dailanche I nearly had white but my hairdresser said it would just go yellow 
@HunniRae  lol why doctor phill have to help me?? 
is off to the dentist today.....grinding teeth apparently very damaging 
getting ready for bed... dentist appointment in the morning 
@ pelangi. Studying accountant  http://myloc.me/2g2l
is about to visit the dentist... 
the plumber is late 
@rsctim crazyy. the dentist is evil 
I hate going to the dentist 
I'm off to the dentist...  
I hate the dentist 
ew. Dentist today. 
Dermatologist before work... What a way to start the week 
going to the doctor 
time to go to the dentist. This is going to suck 
had a good day at college - sat on the field for most of it! Dentist soon though, urgh 
getting ready for the dentist 
Dentist ugh hate it  and outt with my lovesz&lt;3 obb with day 26;tyres; and soulja boy lmfaooooo
 i so don't like going to the dentist
Dentist  zzzzzz is the sound of that terrible noise of those machines in my mouth...ugh.
dentist appointment today. i'm pretty sure i have a cavity 
@bffoley new clinic.  I want to see how they are since I need a new doctor too 
Going to the dentist today.  Just getting some old fillings replaced.
relaxing. going to the dentist later. 
So I do believe its my teeth/jaw that has the problem.  Dentist time I guess...yay me 
Sitting on the dentist office. Looks like I'm gonna be here for awhile. 
Going to the dentist 
is at the dentist for a filling  #fb
Is dreading going to see the doctor 
On my way to the dentist 
ugh at the dentist 
Sitting at the dentist....waiting....  listening to all the women gossiping. : P
is going to the dentist. 
Childishly hating my doctor for being so damn picky and critical.  If it wasn't so late, I'd get another one!
going to the doctor 
does NOT like going to the doctor... 
@sukkas oh dear, it must have hurt so badly  my dentist is the best dentist in the world, do you want me to give you his number?
Just got done with the dentist 
the dentist tried to pull out my tooth and it wouldn't budge  so i have to go to a surgeon and be put to sleep 
Has to get up at 7 tomorrow to go to the dentist. 
@seanbonner If I went to the dentist now, he'd probably punch me in the face and force me to get dentures. 
Hopes the dentist will sort out my toothache today 
At the dentist again. 
Visiting the dentist 
... don't like going to the doctor  ...
Dentist + period = wonky tummy 
dentist's worst enemy: backpain! 
has to go to the dentists 
@PoetressFloetic LOL! When are you going to see a dentist, hun? You can't be playing around with that toof 
Bright and early at the dentist 
I don't want to go to the dentist!!! 
Getting ready to go to the doctor. 
Just got back from Dentist - some surgery needed! 
Going to see my dentist  I'm freakin' out !
does not want to go to the dentist- i hate the dentist. 
On the train to F'boro, to the dentist again 
Dentist soon noooooo it's too sunny to be in a stuffy waiting room 
Just got back from the dentist, and it didn't totally suck I guess. I might have to part with a tooth though. 
i hope i don't have mononukleose  i'll go to my doctor if i don't feel better
@jennyonthespot What did you do to your teeth? They're beautiful! I need to go to a dentist.. 
I think the dentist overly numbed my mouth. I want to drink my vitamins, but I'm afraid I'd end up wearing most of them 
My mouth is so swollen. I need a dentist that won't rape me since I have no insurance. Heeeeelp! 
just got back from the dentist lol 
Dentist tomorrow!!! not good 
...I think i need a doctor 
i wish my teeth would stop hurting!! and i also wish the dentist was covered 
unfortunately we're not going to the dentist anymore 
Going to the Dentist this morning 
Off to the dentist 
panicking to heck, leaving for dentist soon 
dentist at six, i don't want to go! 
Waiting at the dentist for a filling 
My osteopath just told me off  that's not going to help me relax, is it?!
going to the dentist now,  going to get yelled at by the receptionist for not wearing my retainer. i'm scuuuured.
the dentists should not be open this early 
waiting to get a physical... i hate doctors appts... @ least its not the dentist 
dreading going to the dentist today... ick. 
Dentist appointment today. I wouldn't say I'm excited but I'm excited to get my teeth fixed I hope I can do it w this cold 
going to the dentist 
wrong time to go to the dentist. 
going to the dentist now to get 4 cavities filled. can i express how not excited i am about this?   
going to the dentist.. 
at the doctor 
Is at the dentist office.  waiting.
If you like s&amp;m, you prolly like the dentist too.  I just came from there.  
Dentist went off without a hitch. Let's hope this afternoon's Doctor appointment goes as well--booster shots 
Has to get a cavity filled today  I hate the dentist...
Just woke up now I'm getting ready to go to the dentist.  boo dentist!
just got back from the Dentist  now my mouth is frozen!
Just came back from the dentist - have cavities for the first time! 
off to the dentist. yay!  
@joeydavila i had a dentist appt. like that once. only once.  
just got back from the dentist.  it hurts....
back from the chiropractor. Hurties  
On my way to the dentist. I'm so not looking forward to this 
doctor, I completely forgot about it. This really sucks. 
@aquariann I do not like the dentist...eeew..he makes my butt pucker. I should never have waited so long.  
Laying in bed...lagging.  I don't want to go to the dentist!  I'm going to get up soon.
my gums are so sore    frigging dentists.  RAWR
dentist tomorrow  i hate that :@
The Dentist has to be one of the worst places on earth!  Especially if you're getting a cavity filled! 
going to the doctor 
Going to the dentist 
Oh no, bad news! Dentist says my wisdom teeth need to come out this year 
hmmmm ughhh dentist appointment at three 
@YAVIS69 my gums hurt i think i need to talk to my dentist.  And now I can't sleep, again, and I've taken two sleeping pills.  
t0othache.. need to see my dentist..  .. (im scared.. haha)
Just chipped my tooth  bad times. i friggin hate the dentist
I have to see the dentist today.  I like my actual dentist I just hate the demonic nurses.
is dentists the morra.. 
has to go to the dentist tomorrow 
going to the dentist tomorrow.... 
@JonMendte waiting on plumber to fix busted terlet. 
my tooth hurts            -i need to make a dentist appointment,pronto!
I might have to go to the dentist tomorrow...I hate the dentist 
To the dentist!  braces suuuuuck (
i have to go to the dentist noooooooooooooo 
watching a movie, ate a dang good enchilada. Dentist tomorrow 
Ugh i have the dentist at 10 
has the dentist at 1.15  how crappy! #fb
I am about to go to the dentist 
At the dentist so I got a major attitude.....hate dentists- shit shud be free, their the one looking and inflictin pain 
dentist  just got my novacane shot  ughhhh
Going to my dentist now 
Dentist calling *so much afraid* 
got little boots' album! yaaaaaaaaay! but i need to go to physical-ed and after that to the dentist... 
off to the dentist. 
Dentist apointment!  free floss! 
I'm so sleeeeeeeeepy, but gotta get up for my dentist appointment 
is at the dentist! 
doesn't want to go to the dentist. And skies look like it's going to tip it down any second 
is not looking forward to her orthodontist appointment tomorrow 
i don't want to go to the dentist 
wants it to be tomorrow afternoon already! - Dentist appointment  http://plurk.com/p/114ete
At the torture chamber.....aka the Dentist 
just got back from the orthodontist ... not fun 
dentist again  then segment 2 (drivers ed) +
NOT happy with how my orthodontist appointment went this AM 
Feeling so sorry for myself i have a swollen mouth due to Dentist appointment and its not going away 
@thinkhourly have u seen a doctor? 
Getting ready to go to the doctor.  
Has to go to the doctor at 2.. 
On my way to the dentist  I am never letting myself get a cavity again!!!
In the dentist office 
At the dentist boohoo 
Dentist later :/ scared  #musicmonday any good songs to listen to..?
Dentist: not very friendly old man who keeps yo waiting for suffer! Urgh my mouth hurts! 
Off to the dentist to get my tooth drilled 
The dentist always ruins your fun. 
I have to go to the dentist soon.  I hate the dentist!! 
no new cavities and it's wonderful but the dentist said the chip i got from kickboxing might eventually fall out one day! 
Feeling molested by my doctor 
The dentist found a cavity.   It could've been worse.  It took all day for the numbness to go away.  At least I didn't slob on anyone.
fuck the dentist 
I know its serious when I want to go to the doctor. 
doesn't want to go to the doctor, but I think I have to.  Wow.
@Triptophobia I wish you could go to the dentist FOR me. 
Even though I left the dentist over 6 hours ago, my gums still hurt! 
just back from the dentist...aww hate it. 
Dentist tomorrow morning and I already know I have a cavity 
@lauriewl she recommends I meet with a periodontist about gum grafting 
is going to the doctor 
Going to the dentist again this morning, 3 more fillings to be replaced - deep joy 
Just got out of bed. Not looking forward to the Dentist 
I don't want to see a doctor 
Dentist at 11, then school on my own (N)  x
off to the dentist,  yipeeee. 
Waiting for the dentist 
I have an orthodontist appt to go to  boo hoo.. I'm SO done with braces seriously I can't wait to be killin em with my smile ;) . haha
nauseated... and off to the stupid dentist. 
Guess I'll take him with me to the dentist.. it's an 1h30 appointement !! he's going to get bored so fast .. but I don't have a choice 
is going to the dentist sooon 
just off to the dentist...noooooo 
Going to the dentist in 30 minutes.. 
Is really tired and has a dentist appointment today. 
On my way to the dentist.  
Going to the dentist 
ugh going to the doctor for a check uppp 
not looking forward to seeing the dentist 
And off to the dentist I go again. They're going to use needles this time. 
Dentist and eye doctor today 
ew i have an orthodontist appppointment. 
Getting ready to go to the dentist...  not looking forward to that!
get to go to the dentist 
At the dentist again  this sucks lol
I don't want to go to my dentist appointment today 
I really should clean my room...but sadly I have to go to the dentist 
really really bored. Dentist tomorrow 
has a dentist appt this afternoon ...  http://plurk.com/p/11fare
has to go to the dentist and have them yell at me for not flossing 
dentist tomorrow. do not want 
I hate the dentist 
...just made a dentist appt. hopefully i die before the 30th.   
is going to the orthodontist 
off to the dentist. wish me luck 
Going to the dentist, I hate the dentist.    Http://www.michellelayathome.com
Going to the dentist for a filling  no bueno
Dental work = massss amounts of pain 
Dental exam now...an in trouble? 
Just left the dentist office...no more chewing gum for me 
is not looking forward to the dentist tomorrow 
With my mom at the dentist 
Recovering from the dentist so sore. 
Needs to go to the dentist....this is not working for me at all..... 
Going to bed so I can get up early for dentist appointment 
i wish my bf wasn't a dentist. it's dilemma when u told him that u' ve got a toothache 
my dentist has the magazines for peoples read now, but i have already read them all 
aww sheeeet Dentist in the morning 
@definedinsanity I really don't want to go to the dentist, but I guess I have to. 
going to the dentist tomorrow. i hate the dentist 
I feel physically sick. I hate the dentists so much can i just go home please 
against war... and dentists 
@Lamees Did it last month, Dentist took off one my dear teeth 
eurghh off to the dentist soon 
Orthodontist in a min 
@randomflowers it was just a little filling, but my dentist put far too much local in. it looks like i've had botox! 
I have a dentist appointment 2day 
Dentist  Here we go again!
I swear the doctor is out to get me.....I'll prove her wrong ...hopefully 
i hate the dentist! painful! 
i couldn't get an appointment with the dermatologist for another TWO WEEKS! slaughter me with a butter knife. 
Is at the dentist 
@robotmunky me too. i wish the doctor would call back. i'm freaking out 
is at the dentist 
My teeth are really bad..we have to go to the doctor 
Dentist appt today and my record player is broken 
Tired as fuccc  dentist appt!
sitting in the dentist chair right now... whoo hoo 
If I take Ibprofin before going to the dentist, will it effect anything? I hate how it hurts when they check your gums 
Going to the dentist 
I hate going to the doctor. It always makes me nervous. 
Dentist day today  downtown  stupid lakers
I really don't want to go to the dentist 
fealing crappy again  shower, the hospital, the chiropractor then work 4-10:30  ughhhhh!!!
I hate doctor's offices 
at the doctor 
I'm so frustrated can't get ahold of my doctor.. 
to the doctor again. boo. 
@ the dentist again 
@bmore0fme I wish I could be bored with u I have a dentist appointment 
I am at the dentist. I'm getting a prepped (sp )? For a crown. 
Going to the dentist 
@martisunshine no, i can't even get a new doctor. 
so I just got back from the dentist and I'm soo not happy because apparently I'm going to have oral surguery 
I hate it when baaabyboy doesn't talk to me after I come from the doctor's.  makes me 
sorry shaelyn  but i have to go to the dentist and get my new retainer ewwy and kiara will be there for you and all the others
Has lupis and could use a visit from the doctor 
going to the orthodontist tommorow 
At the dentist  i hate the dentist!
go to the dentist 
at the dentist :? I hate it when you can hear the drill going and they make you sit in the waiting room for so damn long! 
Ugh ... Dentist appointment 
I am not looking forward to the dentist 
tooth is sore from the dentist yesterday 
In at the dentist ahhhhhhh 
going to the dentist! Bleahhh  
Dentist today.....who knows how much cash + how much pain its gonna cost me 
@bmworbust i'm at the dentist too 
Dentist appt today. YUCK. I am 43 &amp; still hate going to the Dentist.  I have a Great one. It's just the yrs of bad ones that set the pace 
Sitting in a dentist chair getting two cavities filled  I am very unhappy
I'm going to the doctor in a few hours.  I'm so nervous!  I hate going to the doctor!
just getting up. taking camryn to the dentist. 
#haveyouever forgetten to eat before the dentist appointment? 
At the dentist. They always yell at me for not flossing. 
cba with afterschool  i want a sticker at the dentist though :L
Not looking forward to being drilled on at the dentist in a few minutes. 
heading out to the stupid orthodontists.... 
i should probably go to the doctor. still 'illin 
really does not want to go to the dentist tonight 
i hate the dentist  he tortures me :'(
@TiaMariaBrooker i have the dentist tomorrow 
took the munchkin to the dr this morning. he got 2 vaccines   Now I'm at the dentist with his dad  
just home from Podiatrist-4 more weeks of wearing Ortho shoe 
Scratch that. No I'm not. I have to get ready for the dentist 
I am waiting to go to the doctor, I feel so sick!    
Just left the dentist  harsh
Dentist was not nice today! 
@xtinemichele which doctor? I hate the bone doctor 
Off to the dentist 
I'm at the dentist, and I'm not really looking forward it. 
I have the dentist in two hours -_- I wish I was eating out somewhere tonightt 
I'm starving and I can't eat because I went to the Dentist this morning and he put another hole in my mouth 
At the dentist..  come on no cavities
@LeakySpoon Totaly slipped my head - but probably not - just paid $65o to our dentist 
Just got off now gotta go to the dentist!!! 
is at the dentist 
At the dentist. I am no longer cavity-free 
I keep forgetting I have a dentist appointment tomorrow 
@linhhoang the dentist hates me 
Waiting at dentist for dental appointment 
ugh i have to go to the dentist tomarrow 
Going to the dentist again soon.. 3 times in 3 months 
Dentist appointment 2morrow... I fear the drill 
Not happy about having to go to the dentist   
another visit to the orthodontist = changed wires + cement on my molars again 
dentist on monday, shitting bricks. So who isnt scared of the dentist and their screw drivers 
Dentist now 
Dentist check-up this morning. She says I need 3 fillings! I've never had one before 
my teeth hurttt!  dentist suckss.
Right - off...dentist.  I hate the dentist!  smell me later folks
just remembered she has the dentist laster, dammnnn 
up extra early for the dentist. 
i feel like a surgeon in my green scubs, too bad i make about 300,000 less. 
@supercoolhotwea 843am and dentist 
Going to the dentist this morning 
@aashleymart I like the dentist.  she gives me food. =P~
got an appointment to see the dentist, but not till tuesday 
Waiting for the plumber! 
been at the dentist  since i've lost a tooth-filling yesterday...
going to the doctor..... 
Just had a great workout! At the dentist now 
going to the dentist eeeeeeekkkkkkk!!!!!!!!! 
been to the dentist today and he gave me a filling  i'm sure my dentist is satan in disguise!!
Now I know why people hate the dentist....oooouuuch. 
At the dentist. I hope i don't have any cavities 
mrs turtle is not looking forward to the dentist in 45 minutes 
@Zoebaggins i'm sry.  i hate the dentist too.
just come from dentist two stitches and pain I want to cry 
I hate going to the dentist every month. 
@ the doctor.. I don't feel so well.. Psssh. 
Needs to start flossing! Says the dentist... 
going to the stupid dentist 
@OsoupieO oh no!  I dont know whats going on...going to the dentist in a few min to find out *scared of dentist*
Ugh hate the dentist... 
At the dentist. I don't know when it started but I'm suddenly very aware of how petrified I am of the dentist. I'm shaking? A lot! 
@Clareies been on the blower to my aunty (dentist nurse) and she said it might be a wisedom tooth causing all the swelling and pain 
I have a toothache, off to the dentist this week 
Dentist appt in one week  I wanna cry just thinking about that drill
I'm now in need of a good dentist 
@CassieFX well but the other doctor said it was too high 
Taking my daughter to the dentist.  She is less than thrilled 
dentist appt now. getting two small cavities filled.  wish me luck.
Sitting in the orthodontist chair  just waiting
Going to the dentist. ICKY.  
at the doctor 
I hate the dentist 
@candyland05 aw! I hate the dentist. I have to go soon 
I hate the doctor! 
arggggggggh found out i have the dentist tomoro  not very happy!!
I hate the opthamologist more than I ever hated the orthodontist.  
I fear it's back to the doctor 
@beelay indeed! i'm so glad you can relate to this dentist-related trauma, bad times 
@rah_rah no, it's an odd pain that no doc or dentist has been able to diagnose since i was about 12  it stopped being so bad for a while..
noooo i have to go back to the dentist on friday 
Off to the dentist 
waiting to go to the doctor. 
At the dentist office. I'm going home after this. I know I'm gonna be in pain 
Going to a periodontist appt. 
at the dentist. This lady is hurting my mouf 
my tooth is sving, and I cannot see my dentist for a week 
On my way to the dentist 
I really hate the dentist 
@joepimentel My condolences. I hate the dentist too. 
Dentist tomorrow at 12:15. Dreading it due to memories of dentist invoked childhood misery 
at the dentist  i'm one of those people who really hates going
I don't have a phone yet and I'm  sorry you have to go to the dentist 
I have anxiety from thinking about the dentist tonight 
Dentist appointment  getting braces tightened...not cool Vaudville rde
Has to go to the dentist tomorrow 
@JizBSB i went to the dentist... im going on thurs to get all 4 teeth pulled 
i hate the dentist!!!!! 
just got home from the Dentist.....ouch 
i hate dentists, i really don't want to go. 
Going to sleep early, Dentist again in the morning 
my papa shld be damn proud of me.. i finally made an appt to go and see the dentist this sat   i hate the dentist!
Sitting in dentist with son jack waiting for a filling 
@Jibluvzbran thank u! can u be my doctor? 
Now at dentist. 
@rachels_rampage oh I remember you tweeting about this  trust me I know your pain I hate the dentist,but I hear that procedure isn't bad
In the dentist waiting room... 
Too the dentist in 10 min... 
i wanna take a sunbath in the backyard  but i have to go to the dentist.. well maybe after the dentist (:
at the doctor. 
Dentist office 
I hate waking up early to go to the dentist 
My dentist hurts me   I knew it. Why did I went to her?
@katiedollfacexo I hate the dentist 
I hate the dentist  just got 2 more fillings. I cant feel my face
goin' to the dentist 
I hate going to the dentist 
about to go to the dentist. 
Going to the orthodontist. Its too early. 
I'm at the doctor's in my boxers waiting to be seen 
Getting ready to go to the dentist. 
my dentist is so MEAN!  
@EivindJ I wish my dentist told me that. 
later I'm going to the hairdresser     *I'm happy*
Dental visit is quickly approaching. I feel doomed 
@aziani The dentist is never fun. 
@ThePaulHeller I sure do. I'll send you my dentist bill too!  
is getting ready to be a plumber again and gastronomically rewarded for it 
@Dentist2b In your right menu bar...click on @Dentist2b and it will bring up all replies to you. 
Dentist said my teeth were good. A bit of a clean and a polish up and i was good to go 
off to the dentist... bet i get told off like a child for not cleanin properly 
I just got back from the dentist O.o apparently its all good for now   now for more nachos 
i going to see a doctor now 
i'm going to the hairdresser bbys 
planning! and trying to call the doctor, though that isn't going so well. So mostly, planning 
@SeandBlogonaut sell it all to a homeopath 
just learned to appreciate dentists, hehe! 
I went to the dentist! 
yay.went to the hairdresser 
@drramiirani Dental caries is the most common chronic childhood disease 
Dentist appt this morning. Why do you come away with toothache when you had none when you went in ? 
@piping_hot What is it with dentist/orthodontists and teeth this week?  
but my dentist neighbor gave me plaster teeth! 
off to my dentist. laterrrr tweetfolks! 
just ate candy after an appointment with dentist. haha! 
Going to the dentist. 
