Most common words for this cluster:
[('did', 1015), ('would', 119), ('today', 105), ('does', 94), ('i', 63), ('day', 61), ('night', 58), ('quot', 51), ('sorry', 50), ('u', 50), ('time', 43), ('lol', 43)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Did', 0.9440263509750366), (u'Does', 0.8148329854011536), (u'Would', 0.805912971496582), (u'Could', 0.7791926264762878), (u'Can', 0.7703532576560974), (u'Do', 0.7603387236595154), (u'Why', 0.7597144842147827), (u'How', 0.7056093811988831), (u'Should', 0.6971577405929565), (u'Couldnt', 0.6782956719398499)]





Oh - Just got all my MacHeist 3.0 apps - sweet. Didn't get the Espresso serial no though although they said they sent it - oh well 
@Contempted Did the heroics ever go through! If not sorry! 
Tried to install a Twitter-application on my phone. Didn't work tough, boo! 
Tried to install a Twitter-application on my phone. Didn't work though, boo! 
Hang on. Does anyone use fax machines any more??? 
@Plip Would love to try Trillian Astra, but it's a closed beta and they won't let me in 
@LouLouK Gisburn is great, there are some nice little single track. Did you try some of the new bits? I havent been in a while 
Didn't get a chance to buy yarn today  Maybe tomorrow. Long day at work.
Did some voluneering and now have to focus on Uni stuff. Need to write a press release, how hard...  wish I had more practice
Omg just got in..i went to uri today. Then drove around RI and then went to outlets and then went to visit family.Didn't get to c friends 
Didn't do as well as I'd hoped on EarthDay footprint quiz http://earthday.net/footprint/flash.html 3-7 earths 
@thewesleychan Major hardcore studying for finals next week  Did u go shopping? I know they got a good outlet in Portland that has Puma!
Race was good! Ran better than last time. Didn't see @ff4500 or @amydoesit, though. 
Worked until 1230 last night. Didn't sleep until 230 and had to open the store this morning at 9. FML  my body hurts
@Kristeen87 I wish boys were dead that's all.  wtf! Did you get the car to the shop though? That's crazy  hope everythings okay 
@Lou_bookpushers Did you cry at the end? I did 
@CandiceJarrett Oh no! Did I miss it? *sniff* 
@suejester I'm sorry that the day was not a sucess  Things will get better. Did you read the out.com interview? Amazing!
@race_12_1 I was afraid of that  Would it be wrong to skip out on m brother's gig even though the entire family's going? :p *sob*
Did everyone in the GB/FV area do some cool stuff with the good weather today? Didn't @JeffLast say it will not be as pleasant Sun &amp; Mon? 
Did the gardening, got some trees to plant as had to cut down a dead one. Getting some more fish as the heron dined dined out on 20 odd 
@warza Ah. Didn't think about that. Sorry, forgot 
@henryandfriends I'm from Scotland, henry, but I've not seen aymish  Does he surf? #pussycatisland
@tilib I will try. Sorry about market research thing. Didn't know that 2008 bit. 
@LaiRenee Did you get hit with Mikey? 
@conoro Unfortunately I can't make it due to prior appt. in Skib.  Would have really liked to have gone.
@LDNLMusic Does this mean you're not coming? 
Didn't Bother sleeping.  Sound it out, in-som-ni-ack!
I am bored  Does anyone have a suggestion to what I can do ?
@Eskimimi they didn't have any alcoholic ginger beer in the Borough yesterday  Did you drink it all?
@iamvillafuerte Left it in the cab, it was in my skirt pocket. Didn't bring a bag na kasi aaaargh so stupid  Cry cry cry.
@ThisRedhead well done on your 100%. Didn't notice 'you got it' on playstation store for RB2. 
@aplusk poor thing   Did you try some Immodium?
Wanted to watch drifting. Didn't kno the race started at 11.  WEEAAAAK.
Did a run. It hurt. Didn't press button on ipod/Nike+ properly so says it took a minute longer than it did. Honest. Messed up stars now 
@oohamanda @cindyhunnicutt Still walking with us - right?!  Did U register?  Don't see your names on our team.  Early Reg. is now over 
Okay. Off 2 bed. Didn't finish work.  But, I have a long day ahead of me tomorrow--fire station visits with BGSMC ED/Trauma 4 next 3 days.
@milagro88 hmm, that's weird. Didn't know bout that. Turned it on, but still don't see previews. 
@ScarlettHarlott OMG no! I actually have seen the redhead statue before at Disneyland. Didn't know you had it. So sorry to hear. 
@fresa80 I will... if I recognize you. People look so diff in person than online sometimes. Did u get tix to danny's party? I didn't 
@Rockpirate666 agreed about deadpool but I thought everything else was pretty rad. Did u see after the credits? Cut it short where I was 
Did just see the cougar of all cougars in cougar territory (coles). Phone was in car 
@JoJo_sxm  sowwy,lol- Didn't want to assume ur in sxm seeing that you could been anywhere. Lol I'm from sxm also (french part) livin in NL
@GiniLovesJonas Did you now? You not having credit is annoying me. Haven't talked to you all day! 
@esmeeworld I don't think i'll be there. Didn't buy tickets  But maybe you will come to Denmark in the future, again? 
@mellissa  Ooh I liked cassie too! Did not like how the season ended though 
Made it onto the bus, no coffee since I can't pee. Didn't sleep well, have headache and feel nauseated  pity city
Did my first 3 mile walk for the day,but as a special treat I pushed Grace in the buggy,I'd forgotten the amount of small hills there are 
Wow do i have bed hair, i look like a rooster. I also have a splitting headache!  Did i snore 2 loud?! Blueberry muffin &amp; then excedrin.
Freisan Fire and General Quarters are my picks for the Derby. Did anyone ask me who I like? No. Did I get to bet today? NO. Haters 
Didn't get to play golf like I wanted.  Oh well I guess it just wasn't meant to be.
Didn't make the park today  spent too long playing out the back garden with Daniel. Getting wig snipped now before going out on the razz!
@mrelihan Did usual shopping for my g/ma and then cut all the grass at my Mums I am officially knackered.  @  rugby
BarCamp was mentally taxing but fun. Didn't get to meet everyone  I hope you all had a good time! #bcp3
I'm tired. Would type more, but wayy to sleepy.  
Bummer.  Didn't get to play long.     See you tomorrow?
Did a bit more looking. Will aim to buy cheap copies for both BUT am aiming to get for PS2 since I can't hook gamecube up to current TV. 
Sooo shattered from video shoot yday! Didn't get home till 7am only had 3 hours sleep.. Now off 2 work! 
Dame had to go to bed!!! Didn't get 2 c logies!! 
@SirBarley Did you have a good weekend? I hope so!  Kiana did well in track, though we ended up not taking my babies - just too hot. 
@misswiz Feeling rough  Would say I will never drink again but it would be a lie, maybe just won't drink today.
@sbmczh bahahaha! Sorry for that. And degrading? Aw  Didn't mean to offend.
Coffe &amp; Postsecret time! Didn't go to church today. Not feeling too good.  
The rain got the better of my cohorts.  Yoga was canceled.    Did make it to the farmer's market -bought fresh tomatoes and cheese.
Didn't like The movie with Beyonce in it.. 
finally rode my road bike. Did a relaxing 20 miles before I have all this homework to do. 14 days until Graduation 
@LouiseBagshawe it was amazing getting to meet you Louise...spun out that you were there! Didn't get a pic with you though 
Did ANYONE save the pic that Joe Mac posted earlier? I didn't get to see it, and now its gone! 
I have the most unbelievable craving for Tab Energy right now. FUCK. Why'd they have to take it all away?  
Throat hurts like f***. Didn't take enough H2O yesterday. 
@HoLLyWooDAiNTi I was with them yrs ago then I switched. Would go back but they discontinued the sliding sidekick I wanted 
Didn't meet all the requirements in time. Hope he accepts it anyways  7/8 pages. 7/10 sources. FUCK
Did my mom seriously just wake me up to sing some Beatles to her to cheer her up? Ugh so tired  but love my mommy.
Did fifty miles to Fort William yesterday, was brilliant. 80 today 
@katskloset I have not tried either.  Did try iOffer but not much success. 
@Naiadrisa Aiyoyo  Did you fall asleep on the bus or sth? Sorry to hear your day was off to such a crappy start!
@Sezzajay Yes..mainly ,well for the most part.just felt real  for Hanz!But yeah it was great to cya!Did you enjoy your self? x
Asked to come in early to work since they were short staffed. Told I'd leave at 6am, got off 7:15am. 9 hrs, no break, no lunch. Annoyed. 
Didn't win our eBay item. 
@core_APPLER Nothing....just a dry boring weekend!!! Didn't get much sleep 
@ryan__harrison hahahaha HAMTHRAX. Did you make that one up?? hysterical. When are you guys coming back from Dubai 
Didn't do any shopping  had to be my sister's choffer-HAHA- getting ready to eat,watching Enchanted! and then dress up for the party.
@JustinMGaston Did miley dump you  awh,so sad NO ONE CARES! you douche,your an old man gramps! leave miley to be with NICK! NILEY&lt;3
@bonnerfide sleepy as all get out but doesn't want to get off the net. Did you ever get a chance to listen to the song? Probably not. 
@bunnytrails Yeah, I got to say hi to @sprittibee. Didn't get to chat though.  We couldn't find each other after Hank the Cowdog.
@LacksleepDNA Did not, because frankly!!! They don't care 
@jkldesign Saw it on recommendation  from an old Italian photographer. Didn't like it at all 
This is odd. I'm the only 1 awake right now, that's rare. I'm a little scared  shhh what was that? Did u hear that? Ohh no! Shhh shh
@Twisted33 Hey girlie!! How u doin? Didn't see u there..sorry 
Did I mention I have to lose weight  This tummy is not the tummy of a sub-40 Bolder Boulder runner.
I'm wondering where Wallaby went. Did he move out? Why can I no longer steal his internet? 
@SameerWangde #20 - Would be if I could get off this thing and get some kip, mate! Alarm goes off in an hour... 
Did a bit of a clean out - I feel like I disposed of a whole tree. Not good   THINK BEFORE YOU PRINT!
@langfordperry telllll me what happened??? Did they kill Jacob?? I am at work (nurse ) bummer  but still tell mee plzzzzzzzzz
@jonsoklahomagrl how was your birthday? Did u do anything fun? Sucks that jon hasn't been on..I was hoping he would dm u 
@kmagi I tried pulling that trick with Langara. Didn't work  They caught on to my scam...
@PDXsays Thnks! Sometimes solutions too simple to see right away huh? ps- Did I miss you at #pdxcc09 ?  
I really regret selling my copy of &quot;Oops!...I Did It Again&quot; at a garage sale, like, 4-5 years ago. 
Almost ready for the dentist, and then on to a funeral   Would rather be at the #gym or #running to get my #diet back on course.
@jogblog JJ has to have his Jab tomorrow  Did she used to go out at the old house? Or just hide in pizza boxes.
hates revision....and exercise! Would much rather be sitting around all day watching telly eating cake  xoxo
Did I have to fall so fucking HARD?! 
Didn't sleep good.  Tried to make smoking a weekend thing...pssshhh! Yea right! I'm blazing before bed 2nite &amp; sleeping like a baby lol.
@primadanna Hi! I'm sorry that I missed your tweet earlier.  Did you get going on time? I see that running late may run in the family. ;D
@fourpawslover I hope the twins graduations are on different weekends so you can go to both. Would suck if it were on the same weekend. 
@blumchen ILU. I wouldnt mind a lot of alcohol as well. Would probably help this physical and emotional pain! Bah work 8am tomorrow 
@Sum1sStar Im so sorry ... I cant believe you guys got in a fight. Its a good thing you are leaving. Could get worst.   Did u leave?
Wanted to drink more, but @doomsey cut me off.  Didn't want me to be hung over in the morning.      :'(
@beerawk: saw the classic OB cage, amazing. Didn't get a chance to get all the data backups underway however 
@ashleytisdale could you show us a picture of your dogs please? Would love to see them, not got one  Lol
Didn't get the r:A tour DVD yesterday  If I don't get it tomorrow, I am sending hmv an e-mail! I want it so bad
@ho_ Wow I so jealous of youu!!! ahhh..  Did you get to go inside and stuff? I bet it was definitely EPIC like! how many yrs u got left?
@samnicyu Thanks Samantha! Didn't you hear? I continued reading it yesterday after 3 week break and my sister went and ruined the ending. 
Hung over... And on my way to a shoot... Did I mention I'm running late? 
Didn't do too great in the eurovision! I thought Norway was rubbish!!! 
@_Angeline_  Did you kill it?  Its a cute mouse 
Just landed in Tucson. Didn't really sleep on either flight.  anyone know of a good place for lunch?
Bored and hungry... Didn't have any breakfast... 
Did I mention I won tickets to see Angels &amp; Demons through @BuddyTV? I realized too late it's for Cinemarks theaters. None here. 
@astrid_w aww, I missed that  Did you record it? you just made my heart all flutter saying &quot;Jemaine falling asleep everywhere&quot;...I'm mad!
@8carl8 Bloody... yes! Didn't pick it up! Ashamed  used to be the Slusho! Masteress.
Blogger update -- Would  you believe I gained a new follower but lost an existing follower. Just my luck!    http://www.carmasez.com
@power_rangerx3 Did anyone scream? Haha...I'm home alone with Chloe 
Didn't even feel the quake.  Was driving down PCH.  
Didn't get much sleep at all. Now I'm making preps for a presentation. Wish I wasn't feeling like a zombie 
@GGPurple @thejester100 Hey, I'm so sorry about that tweet earlier. I was just kidding around. Didn't mean to be rude or anything. Sowwy. 
Didn't sleep. Stomach cramps, itchy legs &amp; insomnia do not make for a happy choolotte 
Didn't get to go on my walk today  Walking is boring by yourself. I'll go tomorrow night but I really want someone to take with me.
@Skeptique Buggy! Doesn't pop up 
@Doom_CMYK Didn't make it. Like I said, I laid down cause I wasn't feeling so hot and slept right through the day. 
I'm madly in love with a boy... Did I mention I don't know his name? Hahah boooo 
MAX MAX !! Sorry I Didn't Call You, I Had A Rough Night 
@LittleCoquette Oops! Didn't see you write that you hate it! That's good you're almost done though! And then Seattle! Nice! I wanna come! 
Bunyip pouches ftl  Didn't profit
I apologise to non-viewers for the influx of GNW-related tweets. We were trying to get it in the trending column. Didn't happen though. 
Didn't win Pink tickets-Gutted 
Plankton was not nice  Did some comfort eating to cheer me up, only a few bags of Haribo.  Now on the gravy train-next stop heart attack!!
I am helping my friend pack &amp; move today. FORCLOSURE STRIKES AGAIN! Didn't I just do this 6 months ago?!! 
@AlexFarr Didn't know you lived South of the river. I hope twas clear I meant Wimbledon, the tennis Championships anyway! Don't like hats 
Why does Bri'tney F*ck ' Vids keep following me?!! I already blocked him/her or whatever!! HELP! Does this user have tons of accounts?! 
Okay. Did a group ride yesterday. Men, if you are still wearing cycling shorts from 1990, call @andytheclark  way too much thigh showing 
@TUID I really didn't like dollhouse. It was a bit meh. Seemed to lack something. Didn't really watch chuck. T:SCC was brilliant though. 
Didn't like Mondays to begin with, and this one didn't make those feelings any less. Girlfriend needs surgery again 
are you serious? Did I miss a Coldplay show? WTF?! How come I didn't know about this? 
glad the French exams over. Did math too, but got paper2 after half term. Literature+media tomorrow! 
@DaveHull Would be interesting to see what you completely agree with.  @cutaway has protected updates 
@Paula181 Hey you know the finance thing? Did you get yours sorted 'cos I cant get on it  Help please! x
@sleepyinsomniac Me too. Did you see my earlier tweet about Cook's baseball cap? 
Didn't get to talk to Jesse last night.  He dialed my number but didn't get me  
@chrisspooner Whats up Chris! How you doing? I just got over the FLU  Did I miss anything? LoL
Meh. Didn't get job. It went to the external candidate..good feedback tho. 
Just saw Terminator. PHANTOM approved. In the mood for another movie right now. PBJ sandwiches are a great snack. Didn't run today 
@mestaton Yes, i just got paid too. Would be happy if fiancee wasn't at a conference in Rome all weekend 
@InvisibleGaijin took the habit before meeting her. Actually quit smoking and lost 70lbs at same time. Didn't regain weight but smoking 
Didn't get to watch SYTYCD tonight...    packing for Europe tomorrow!
Damn. Didn't get the info from the travel agent 
cant be bothered today. I just want to lie in bed all day being cozyyy!!!! No chance of that happening is there?? Nope? Didn't think so!! 
Didn't even get to see Hammer...  
@belle_lulu Would do as am not at work but canny drive as was pulled over by the fuzz this morning  (see previous tweets)
@camcalupitan uhm... cam, what do you do exactly??? hehehe it's at Robinson's Place... Didn't get a chance to get the names though 
I'm up and it's rainy. and Hannah is already being demanding! Did I mention it's rainy? And I don't get to seem my mom this weekend 
Up and at 'em. Did not sleep well   It looks like a great day. Careful dropping trees.
You are the lines in my song,the words that make me sing. So,what happens when you're gone?Would I still find myself singing to our tune? 
@mimbles  that's no good! Does the school know?
Didn't get the promotion.  Wasn't expecting too with the number going for it, but still sucks.
Kitty, where are you going to lunch?  I am hungry now.  Didn't pack! 
Well, looks like the &quot;ShareThis&quot; button woked. Didn't pick up the link I had in the post tho 
@AmbreRouse Everytime! you know this! no ticks though as we stayed out of the woods   Did you finish Ecipse?
@iHeartPopsicles are you guys going to Heidi's? Does that mean I don't get any cookies? 
@nonsequitir Doesn't help with my hayfever though. Bound to be sneezing the whole way through the photowalk. 
Ok I am here! Did any one miss me? even a lil bit? no? 
@samisom I'm going to miss it too!  I don't want to leave! Oh! Did I tell you my family's moving to Anaheim?!?
@powerofpink Oh geez chicky   Did you get them both removed?  I was told that the chance of it reoccuring is less that 1% if they are
@WerewolfEmbry Does it hurt? 
Omg Jenna! How is Stella and where was she? Did they take anything? 
Where is my Lovely Bones book?.. Did I lose it again?! 
@popcorn44 AHHH I know  Did you watch the JB live chat today?
@Skwidspawn Nope, no fizz   But yes, it was very yummy, esp. right after my hard run... Didn't miss the fizz I don't think!
Just as an update: that Comic Con announcement I made? Probably bullshit. Did not think they'd sell out on daily passes. 
@kesoleil Oh man, Did Yogg today. Worse than last week. 
@katieclair88 You guys didn't call or come over  Did we do something?! Def. give us a call tomorrow and hang out with us chick!!
Did not win Kelly Clarkson Tickets. Sorry Cecilia. Really wish I could give that to you! You so much deserve it.  
Did a historical Jesus ever exist? Im finding it hard to prove, its all hearsay accounts ... it bugs me ... 
I can't think of a way to express in 140 chars how disspointed I am with the advertising on Lifehacker's Why I Didn't Buy A Mac article. 
@mockingbird_ I'm good thanks! Did you have a good drive? Careful with your blackberry, we don't want you getting screamed at 
TGIF! What a morning! It's been non-stop &amp; I need coffee. Stayed up late last night trying to get todays work done. Didn't work 
Home until tomorrow. Did my running and spinning. Now time for chiropractor, laundry, shopping, and visiting family. Missing nathan 
@sonicsalamander Sorry 'bout the migraine.  Did I mention I really liked your Cissbury (sp?) pic last week?
@dmann11 All those links on AICN are broken. Did they get slapped? 
@NewJourney09 Hey! How u feeling? I know Charla hit me to see there were any places she can go..too young  Did she have fun?
@veronica78 Oh noooo that sucks  Did you reschedule for another show?
@HoptonHouseBnB Sorry, not meaning to complain, feeling rough and heat getting to me again tonight  Would love to be visiting India though
Fractured growth plate doesn't mix well with the upcoming dance recital for 12yr old.    Does anybody want to buy a costume...or six? GAH!
Didn't realize Animal Kingdom closes so early at 5:00 today. Now I'm stick in the exit traffic 
Did NOT get paid today. 
@mysolis Aw, sorry ur day sucked!  Did u see my post abt car issues? LOL I think it's safe to say it can only get better tho. Beer-thirty?
@davidaldrich_wx Did you see the color of the sky and how it looks in Philly??  It is yellowish/orangeish/brownish looks scary!!  lol
Did some REAL window shopping and i found so many things i want that just happen to be over a hundred dollars. 
My drunk guitar playing Obama song singing Mexican is on the N6!!! Doesn't look like he feels like singing tonight. 
Didn't get what I wanted but going for sushi with Rosie. Reading my intl law book is putting me to sleep 
@tommcfly Feeling ignored after so many tweets makes me feel frustrated  Doesn't matter tweeting to you is fun anyways LOL
@tommcfly TOOOOOOM. Did you even read @buonotomato's, @bluejeriblue's and my tweets?  Sent you soooo much.
Recognized 3 people on Skytrain from 12 years ago. Did not feel like talking to them so said sorry, I was someone else. Now I feel bad 
Did I call everyone? Sorry if it was short! Battery was died! 
I'm sittin at home havin shot of tequila!! Didn't feel like going out tonight. Feelin a little depress 
@Heatherbear86 Did anything happen in yours? Only *once* did I make out with Evan in mine. I wanted to vomit. 
Saw the new movie &quot;Angels and Demons&quot; tonight and it followed suit with all other sequels... Did NOT do &quot;The Davinci Code&quot; Justice... 
Did not go gym today. Oh well, ended up practising my vocals and I screwed my voice for not practising in so long 
@noele6277 No, you didn't.  Unfortunately, we got to know each other only a month after the Italy gigs. Did you attend both of them?
Blimey, just watching bgt. Didn't hollie lose it?! Bless her, I really felt for her  #bgt
Did no one think to tell me that Kyle XY was on BBC2 again,  I missed the whole series 
Did NOT get a ticket to see craig ferguson.    pissed!
@kareninasaenz I miss TWIST!  Didn't even get to see you guys the whole summer.
@mandy1127 Aw you went without me?  I'm jealous! Did you see anything? Hehe
@DHughesy Does studying at uni count as out and about  I hate my life atm
@BethanyinFL  I once had 2 rows of SWA seats. Didn't have room to store them, had to give them away.  
@Foxyma2k9 So I missed the game. Did Mel cry when the Nuggets lost?! I hate that I missed that game. 
Did you know? Alberta has been officially rat free since the early 1900's! Unfortunately, possessing rats can get you up to $5000 fine. 
Did any lost black wallets turn up?  Pretty sure someone was pickpocketing during the show 
Woo, I'm proud of myself. Did pretty good on the Grammar Final!(: Yaaay, I think I still have ss, tho. 
Novak's out! Did NOT see that coming! Roger doing... better. I am sans tennis BFF - fail, @rugbytackler 
Didn't know you as well and as long as others but you always treated me with great times with even better company. Farewell Stetson. 
@SLG0913 Doesn't look like I'll be able to make it down. I have a full time job up here and my car is a gas guzzler 
Hooked up on some camping in Cordoba with all my gear plugged in, juicing up. Does seem to get rainy soon tho  Btw, Cordoba kinda sux imho
Called ahead to see an apartment, then promptly arrived at the wrong complex. Didn't realize it until I got back home 
Feeling kinda irritated today. Didn't get much sleep...as usual.  I've developed a cough too! Sigh 
Techno bunny is missing fur on the top of his head. Did Wolfie do it or is it molting?! Vet appt tomorro. 
Techno bunny is missing fur on the top of his head. Did Wolfie do it or is it molting?! Vet appt tomorrow. 
Did it! I scared myself though  Now enjoying my lovely (free) bottle of champagne. Thanks eurostar!
@alphaque Very funny. Didn't have car all day, til just now. Will I never get my change? 
Did make it to workout this am. Came home to clean my bedroom and kicked up enough dust to make me feel crappy. 
Going to see the parade? Hmmm... Should be studying. 
Didn't get to submit my &quot;Boyle, in the bag!&quot; headline to the currant bun. 
@ValaBlack  Does mean you won't be chatting? 
Did anyone else not get through on the phones to vote for Stavros Flately?  I just got a tone, maybe the whole thing was a fix 
@jeffdunham have you make a European tour!! :o Did you come in France? If it's yes I've never heard that and It's unfair 
@DanggItsDevin Iht Suah Does.  ahar. Hows Jamiiiaca.? (:
@WoWnerd meh. Didn't get lucky &amp; resorted to craigslist. Damn scampers are everywhere &amp; making big money 
Bill and I were consignment store shopping. Didn't find any gems 
Did some painting.  UGH...everything needs a second coat.  Just fixed a cocktail.  Already gone. 
Did the best I could with the contacts, but almost everything else is at my office. Booooooo!   Tweet or email me your addresses.
@TiaMowry Would be nice if the show was on 
Didn't get the job     Just my luck.  Guess I am stuck driving trucks forever.
Didn't necessarily need the montage of all failed postseason cleveland endeavours... Nail in the coffin 
@PerezHilton: Wouldn't he just go to jail 
@MsSorel Hey stranger! We haven't heard from you since the show  We sent you an email with an interview for our mag.  Did you get it? TTYS
In B-town. Flight delayed 4 4hrs  Did dry run of my pitch to the Westcon Group tomorrow. They have a confidence monitor. Whew! #TheVibe
@korakos I did it =p It wasn't as hard as the other assignments were. Didn't get to see ST. 
@PerezHilton I want to watch Up.  Did you watch it in 3D?
@atinblow  ~  What happened to your tweeter ?   Did you lose it in February ?  You are missed.    
@bheerfan I think SyFy killed my James!  Does any actor survive one of their tv movies intact?
@E_Watts I ran out of beer  Didn't have time to go shopping before the game. I'm not nearly drunk enough tonight
Holy smokes! Did I just say that?! Damn...where's that delete button??? Need to get to sleep badly! 
@AZBlueEyes No I wasn't at Murphy's this weekend  Did you go?
@SinisterTony Doesn't love me anymore 
I missed the game   Did The Magic win?
now awake again. Did I sleep? Meh. 
Didn't get a job i applied for  Then its back to looking for them again.
@PantheraJ Didn't get to DW  Will! Just got busy and scatterbrained.
@dayumshefiine I'm not! Did my research man. Shooooot check the status. &quot;Happy one month!&quot; And the &quot;2!&quot; exactly a month later 
@ncvbxfgf Totally didn't see your tweet last night bro. Fell asleep already. Did you get your prata plaster fix yet? I didn't. 
@Taomongoose Did you blog about this?  Why wasn't I told until today?   I feel so alone and left out.
@hanifn gasp! Did the hard drive crash! Always thought Macs were crash- resistant! 
Did not like &quot;slider&quot; feature in PSP Go  ..otherwise looks good. http://is.gd/KF9T
I can't believe I missed an important session of Jzone  Didn't see Gary V. .. Didn't see Ate Margo's brotha. 
have been printing reams of planning and assessment stuff for ages and am fed up. Would rather be outside in the sunshine 
Revision is BOOOORING! Would much rather be sitting out in the sun 
@JosephRanseth Ouch  Did you manage to get things sorted?
@JasonBradbury Urm... you still aren't following me  Did you ever get my Facebook mail?
@1Ele Did u go out? And why r u unavailable on bbm??? 
@daisy_star sorry to hear that bb.  Did you delete your LJ because of it?  
Highly disappointed with the so called &quot;Taste&quot; of Spain festival. There was nothing to taste! Didn't get my paella 
@Ben373 apparently not since I can't spell. Did not died. 
Didn't get to catch the Philippine Fashion Week 
Back at home. Did not want the weekend to end  had such a good time. Thank you.. &lt;3
still feeling awful. Couldn't enjoy bachelorette party/ shower last night and slept terribly. Argh, allergies ruined my weekend! 
@EgoPimp Would love to mate, but...family etc  One day though, one day! 
I am starting to get spam mail in my Gmail account.  Did someone finally find a way to exploit the filter?  I hope not  #gmail #google
Did plenty enjoy dancing in the park in a screamo way bt this wasn't appreciated by ppl  Hmm hungry now :p
@tehlike Didn't think so. Think I'm going to have to inject the container again 
@metricjulie Not happy?  Would a tarot twreading help?
@cdnbelle That's cool, I'm still at home. Did nothing today, getting ready to possibly go to Graham's new place. He says I'm distracting 
The date was terrible... Would rather have gone to my parents for a BBQ. What a waste of a lovely evening 
@RicoLover what is HH brunch. Did u have too many mimosas? I am dying on my bike today. Today started the AIDS Lifecycle 
Didn't see Granny 
Night all. Watched Mamma Mia. Did I miss something? I didn't really get it!  night
Long day working... Didn't do anything interesting unfortunately  Going to bed, tomorrow back to The Hague, hopefully a better day!
@Jason_Pollock How'd your account get restored? Did Twitter notify you when they restored it? My @bkmacdaddy account is suspended too. 
Brother surprised me and took to play minigolf paying.28 degrees warm.Did some cleaning of apartment and laundry,not fun 
@prchrzdtr I watched almost all of it. Too bad Padalecki don't know how to use twitter.  Did you watch all of it?
@CraigieMac I missed it!!!! I went from the house to the car, and by the time I got in the car, it was OVER!!!!  Did it go well?
Jus got out of MTSU camp. Did horrible 
Zelda photoshoot tomorrow. Did 2 yesterday. I still need a real job  CosplayDeviants takes a long time to pay and I could use money ASAP
@el_juansimon Didn't find anything 4 you, even for your b-day.  I'll try 2 find something special in Quebec!
Did anyone else see Rafa make the most adorable yet helpless face ever during his match today?  http://tinyurl.com/ne567t  sooo cute  
@seattlearchie Sorry about your uncle. Didn't know that's why you went back. 
He's Just Not That Into You - Sort of like diet LaBute. Didn't hate it at first, then did. One guy was 'confused' about f-ing ScarJo.   *
Did anyone vote yet? Can you hear me? I've never gotten a Tweet back, ever since I've been on here, so sad 
Okay so my airtran has been sitting here in jamaica for like 20 minutes now. Did it break? All i want is coffee! 
Report me to the SPCA, just socked my cat in the head with my laptop. Didn't realise she'd curled up on the footstool in front of me 
@Farah321 Didn't ring.  Lesson time!
Tried my usual search for &quot;car insurance&quot; on Bing. Didn't like what I saw.  Though I suppose the point of Bing is more than that.
I feel ill.. Didn't go to work.. Too much happenings I guess, my body is not used to it anymore 
Gave Rafa a walk. Didn't see him today.  Hmph. Anyway watching tv. I am now inlove with Korean shows turned tagalog. Haha.
@altimet Ya, my brain was frazzled! You are a gem!Did you get to put your Luminaria out? i couldn't find mine for my aunt 
@crowded_island About the same really.  Nothing new   Did you see Regina is now on twitter ?
@spoonerist I only ever played the 2D games on Gameboy etc.. So I never got sidequests  Did you ever play zelda on snes or gb?
@azitaghanizada That's awesome! Did they ever ask you to come back to daytime GH? I thought you'd be at Robin's wedding! 
Did you guys hear about that plane?! Just heard it this morning   that's what you call a tragedy. Prayers for any survivors, if not, souls
@LouiseGrundberg Ohh  Did the strawberry cheesecake make you feel better?
@heathmccormick I know! And she wanted KFedz?! WHAT! Did you hear about SoBo? (n) 
Didn't watch the MTV movie awards last night! I fell asleep! 
Mmm didn't find the maths exam as bad as I thought it would be. Should probably start geography revision now though 
@SkepticZone don't know about that site, but it's very sad. Would be interesting to get to the bottom of it. 
@Jonny_Ball Did you do much on the designs? I think we would have heard by now if we'd won 
@joeymcintyre I'm siiiick. Bring me waffles too. Least you can do for canx'ing our concert Sat. Didn't get my NK fix. 
Did the 90 day check in.  Then I finally WON a darts session with Willie.  8-7.  But, I'm still down like 14.  
Air France 447. So sad. Didn't want 2 start the month off like this. Please pray for the passengers &amp; family members w/me. So horrific, 
@priyankawriting Did I hear Rs. 9??? Did I also hear Gelato?? OMG dieting in Twittersphere is difficult with food tweets flowing around! 
Desperately want the new Sailor corset from What Katie Did... but can't afford it right now. 
Didn't get my tattoo today  the tattooist just had a diff idea to me so redesign then im getting it ASAP! p.s.Drop Dead clothing SUCKS
Didn't get the Item on videogamesplus which was shipped on april 7th 
@icydk Hey there!! Did you have fun?  I tried to find you but it didn't work out.      Love the post!!
@PinkLightning_  :O Does georgia like sarah? When sarah ses hi ,,,,she will say hi and then give her evils  Not  a nice bunny 
@VAInnovations Eddna that's terrible  Did they copy everything? What's the URL?
@HellenBach  Would love to meet him and you all too but you are all too far away. 
@Neets68 @mfowmes Too late, darling! Didn't get anything out of it, though  Not sure I'm into mercy killings ...
@Juniorboys Love the album! You guys are fantastic!! Would love to see you at concert but they're all sooo far 
I'm still in shocked that we didn't see any PD2  Didn't PDZ sell over 2 million?
@COWBOYJDANOS you can come do mine next!!  Does not sound like fun.  But has to be done 
@tinydeww She was off when I went for a visit. Spent the whole summer there getting her back on track. Didn't last long after I left. 
It was great working with @feliciaday at E3. She really is as cool as you think she is. Didn't get to meet the Beatles. 
@qwickening Did you get the house? And very sad to see JR leave. 
Morons at Universal overbooked. Seats were filled two hours before the stated time. Didn't get in. Little bummed, should've fought them. 
Sitting here pondering spoilers. DO NOT WANT! Not sure I can avoid them this round.  Didn't know WTF Twitter was back then.
Did Campbell's Vegetarian Vegetable soup lose its heksher?  I couldn't find the symbol on the cans at the market today. 
Damned internet has been down  Didn't get anything done I needed to!!
Just got back from Target. Didn't buy anything though. No $$$  U know how it is. lol
I opened my closet. Didn't find Narnia 
@elliottcable Ohh. I use Twitterific. Didn't realize it didn't keep threads. 
Just got home. Didn't find my surprise for the kid   anyways time to do some reading for class. Double  I hope this coffee kicks in!
Still sick. Didn't go to school. Sitting in bed wishing for different circumstances to be under. 
I am forever surprised by the number of people who auto-dm you on follow. Does that seem authentic to you? 
Didn't go to the zoo  Instead stayed home and did NOTHING lol
~ @jasonpjason true story: I wrote to Paul S and said, &quot;Did you see JSON's answer?&quot; Computer Science has ruined my brain 
hey @ebu_ ... how did the demo at the dickson's go?  Did they buy anything?  Sorry I missed it 
@jessgirl I am so sorry Jess. Does laying down aggravate it? Is it affecting your sleep? 
@Meye2scents  - Did I say something wrong? You stopped following me 
@maritzaleon22   Sorry. Didn't mean to promote   I was just venting my frustration!!!!
Actually, bar got nixxed. Didn't realize how late it was and still have drive back to SD. Eep! Next time 
Didn't get into USC  Wasn't expecting it anyway so whatevs
Did google *have* to call their new phone as *Ion*?        http://bit.ly/zl6RQ
@tobias_a Quick question - does the app work in all browsers? Didn't seem to do much in Safari 
Damn. I arrived an hour too early or school :/ Didn't know that we could stay home for the first lesson. That sucks 
Did the DJAM download work for anybody?  I tried it twice and no music 
Gig was a mixed bag - played well but not many ppl came  Didn't get enough sleep and am very tempted to have some caffeine to get started!
I'm still stuck here in LCCT, strapped up in the plane but can't take off. Did the pilot mention computer error? 
Daughter 15's turn 2 make lunches. Well, you'd think I asked her 2 throw her mobile out window. Did them myself. Fed up with this crap 
@LRon_Jaii Aw  Pissed I didn't go!!! Did you?! Did you chat to him? Was Jason there (: xxx
Didn't find anymore news to report today  There are some new Revenge of King Piccolo shots from last week that I never showed though...
Didn't get accepted for the Swag for Slips thing.  Eh, whatever, I knew it wouldn't happen...
@jillylarge I know how it feels! Did it at the weekend myself... Found the I heart ny card you gave me for my thirtieth too!  x
@BonnieShae thx, me too!  The PT thinks the nerve damage could be perm at this point, though   Does not make a girl happy!
@mjweispfenning I'll probably have to go with LOTR, then. Actually, that's a tough one. Can I say both? 
@Bwadoo  Sigh.  Did you bring lunch today?
@chipmunkgeek I've been trying to reach you by email this last week... Did you get any of them? Can we Skype? I think miryclay hates me. 
Aww now the planning gets hectic. Sorry you guys. Didn't mean to messed it all up. 
@nusselig.... Y did u go 2 work 2day? Did u c da weather outside? Dis is cuddle weather. I can't cuddle by myself. Dammm baby's wakin up 
@Garythetwit I am really flustered! Didn't mean to ask u, looks like I'm a closet vampire now! Oops 
@dravenxiv Ooh lovely dragon! Did you find it hurt on your ankle - mine did 
@ddublover I know, so sad. Didn't know her from the boards, but have been following the story of her and her boys.   Tragic.
Job Hunting! Didn't get my contract renewed because of cut backs. I'm jobless.   Well, was jobless for the summer anyways so not too bad
@jon_said Did I tell you to hush already?! Oh yeah, I DID! 
Didn't get the transfer to KC 
Did u?     RE: TanyaAX: I think I just killed a rabbit 
Didn't win the Del Mar meet and greet  did anyone else?
Haven't &quot;tweeted&quot; much.  Kinda had a crazy drama-filled day.  Did some shopping in Minneapolis too, always crazy traffic   How's everyone?
Did I mention, I HATE waiting. 
@jameshankins For some reason I can't comment on the Last Name video? Did you disable comments? I wanted to comment! 
NOOOooooo... Didn't get to see the end of GoW3!! 
Aww. Wouldn't be able to come to TLT 'cause of the rain. 
Did you hear about John Hock tonight? Wow. Stickydrama is streaming the news coverage in a continuous loop. I'm sad. WTF was he thinking? 
Just woke up  Would it be totally bad to go back to sleep *yawns*
@triplejsr is was wet and wet here in Balranald. Didn't win last night so I can't get a Triple J transmitter for this town 
Did something really really stupid.  Oww gosh. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Feelings got into me. It's my fault naman talaga.
Awrr Bless Yaaa   Did ya no him rate well thenn  ?? ...X
@amourchaleur Ooooh. Does it disturb you if I said I ate at least two packets? Around 30 lozenges each. I'm a compulsive candy monster 
@spotthebull am trying to win tickets to Glasto with ur bull comp. Did it 100x last year but didn't win 
Didn't tweet the whole day.  Was supposed to go do POA with @tandeanne but was really tired, and I had other h/w to complete 
Just signed up for a package with Mary Chia. Doesn't come cheap but mum says I need to close up my blackhead pores lest it might worsen 
@MisterRo Does this mean that you aren't going to help me either?  Sniff.
My body does not want to wake up! Can I just sleep for a day? Sadly, no. 
Finally got that blog post finished and up.Would like to crawl back beneath  covers but still have about 7 hours work ahead. 
Didn't win a pair of Crocs from @georgegsmithjr yesterday? don't cry  win a pair on my blog!  http://bit.ly/1iOOz
Just back from psych session. Did a few 'good old' psychological tests and worked on time management. Tough when you have ADHD 
@cuecas84 That sucks  LOL, at least there is an upside to staying late ;) Would kill for a vanilla latte from seattle right about now...
@LittleFletcher Which questions did you chose in the exam, i almost cried in mine :[ Did not go well at all  xxx
My back is on fire today. Did I join the Army last night? 
@tommcfly Did you get any shirt at the stage on saturday? With some drawings and stuff. Everybody loved it 
Hmm, another modeling opp.; exotic wears? Seems interesting since it's w/ Old Navy. Didn't take Spike TV's gig as a host for TV show tho 
@java_monkey  Did you at least get IV drugs? Or have to go all natural?
Didn't have a very successful shopping trip  didnt get half of what I planned to get! So annoying. Primark was insane!
So hungry. But I can't leave reception to get anything. Boo.   Did I mention I hate reception? I have a BSc &amp; I'm a glorified greeter.
This weather is really messing up my flow!  Didn't do my morning Jog again! 
@KimPossible40  Hey there, I hope I didn't offend you with the Chinese song last night?  Didn't see any more posts after that.  
Didn't think I'll be back so quick, but we're at the ER in NYP to get Parker a chest xray. He coughed &amp; weezed all night 
Did anyone else's &quot;Bored&quot; by Pink come up as &quot;Why Did I Ever Like You&quot; when putting it on iTunes? That confused me slightly. 
@meeks71 To Ben? Why?? Did he say something mean to you? I'll punch him in the chest for you if he did. 
Haven't sent a tweet in a while... Not doing much today... Didn't even go to the gym... My head is KILLING me 
@iamshanemorris they gonna put u on meds? Did they say if pot smoking has helped or hurt? Sorry man, that sux 4 u.  
Didn't sleep well tnx 2 my son's Health Class project a mechanical doll. Bummer 
@gibsondm No marathons yet. Didn't make it to 700 straight days, only 694. Was very sick on day 695 
@CitizenSwift This is true  Would like an option to purchase a print.
Did I mention I have the SATs tomorrow? I'm not looking forward to them 
@leviself Ohh, that's too bad! the poor hawk  Did the storm do any damage like that to the trees, ect on your property too?
@EdLovesSumo Would have to show up late, and probably empty handed as welll  #LBCTweetUp
Might be getting sick...from an baby's sickness! Gah! Would think my immune system could handle THAT! Apparently not. 
Did you see this?????  Read about A sleeping through the night and why it made me sad and not happy!      http://bit.ly/lBQvt
@MSGTina Oh no!   Did you get it fixed, or must you get a new Berry? I second your notion for Orlando to make it a series!
Did you kids read about that van in NY that kept getting parking tickets stacked on it? The driver was dead at the wheel for days.  Sad.
@jimmyBUFFET No darnit I haven't. Would download it but my cap of 500MB/month doesn't go very far! Wish I could find a small ebook copy 
Did anyone else just watch one life to live today? Ahh. It made me cry. 
@cantanta Oh, that sucks  Did he pretend to be all good looking and such?
@AliBooker Loved Genesis too. Did see them do Suppers Ready live which was incredible. Didn't see them with PG though 
@funmsdrebirth Aww, that's too bad.    Let me know if you need more ideas.  Did you like these: http://www.shoehunting.com/save/view/2890/
@Tedums_Precious: I'm sorry. I wish I was there to give you a hug.  Did you talk to Emma at all?
So tired. Didn't even make it for Chamber singers. Tried SO Hard. Why? Oh i guess ill move on. 
Didn't get a free upgrade on my first flight as an airtran elite miles member   Maybe on the way home.  Four hour flight here we come!
@Scotscowgirl Oh bloody hell, I'm so sorry to hear you didn't get them back - and the rain. Did any of it go well?! 
Did you all know it was National Doughnut day? :3 Makes me want a donut. 
Holy cripes...I could've set a timer on the lifespan of the guppy Gaby (my niece) just brought home today.  Didn't even last a day.  
@13Christina well tomorrow i'm gonna hopefully be getting good news Jeep-wise.  I gotta get up early and go for a run.  Didn't swim 2day. 
Didn't go to the movies.  Alyssa's probably too young to see it so a babysitter is needed.    Maybe grandma can help us out tomorrow?
@LeafsGirlie I had 21 NKOTB shirts...I didn't keep any of them  Did keep my nightie though, pillowcase, necklace and several other things
I got boxed again  Didn't even realize it since Tweetdeck showed no errors.
@rachaelxxo oooh you were just sending me a question mark. Haha. Didn't quite pick up on that. Aah phone twittering is so annoying!!! 
@breezy I am doing good. I am still in Utah  and just working. Did you go back for graduation??
@StewartWade Thanks! Did I already miss Crystal? 
@nicoleisms I give you my condolences Nicole!!! I remember your cats and I miss them  Did I see Choiba when I went there years ago?
Didn't get to chat with her bud on here.  Oh well.
@TDfan Didn't see your Fuel Festival tweet until just now. It's airing another two times tomorrow it looks like, but I'll be in DC then. 
@lovetosingmama The tequila is in the cooler. No sharing with the laptop. I'm done. And depressed. Would love to hear from him or Lukas. 
Didn't get to finish watching Bride Wars.  HAHA
Feel like absolute shit! Wanted to go out  Did grill some steak &amp; drink a bottle of Shiraz &amp; some whiskey though, so it wasn't all bad...
Just won't up because of the loud thundering and lightning!!! I am terrified. Did I ever mention that? Yea... 
Didn't really get any studying done.  I got a little side-tracked...oops! lol, thanks to D.W....AND I have homework due. 
@LJsBaby I forgot you were away! Did you enjoy it? I forgot your birthday as well! Shame on me!! 
Did not get my haircut today. I forgot it's the Agong bday today. Shop's closed. Boohoo 
Still cannot print to ip4300. Print queue opens and shuts without printing  Does it on 2 machines.
@Lhriangel  Awww!  Wouldn't like to think of sore throats in connection with #Harpersglobe with the state of Sparky and all, though.... 
@JoiningTheWar // Huh? Are you feeling sad? Did anything happen? How's Nucki? *worried* 
Did some custom work yesterday. Planted 12.7 acres of beans for a friend. Hoped to finish today, but it's raining. 
@londongirl78 Saw your tweet. They NOT. Did U read this?  http://bit.ly/a55mN  After australia they wrappin it up. Gutted  
@Alicia_AH Did Bobbt Long sang last night in Berlin ?? I wanted to se hi too  I'm so pissed off i couldn't  I love him music
Started my FP3 revision (maths not F1!). Didn't know how to do any questions. Maybe I should have should have done some work this year 
The ride through maquaripe(pls 4give spelling) was lovely. Did Golf Course twice. But I transgressed. A doublesman is stationed close by 
@AllyBingham hey, were you talking abt sims3 crashing on ur laptop? Did u manage to fix it?? Graphics card too low for me 
@chevale I'm watching disney channel. I think I'm gonna slp early too. Headache again  watcha doin? Didn't c u tweet today.
no plane, no bodies, no clue...  Did the accident really happen? Shouldn't every plane have a GPS? #airfrance #flight447
Didn't go out tonight.  Very upsetting.  
So much to do... Would rather be cruisin' ... But the Mustang is sick. 
Did magazines in the rain, couldn't finish them, hitch-hiked back to Lewknor. I have loads to do, but I can barely focus my eyes 
@karmachord Outside T J Hughes actually. Did ASDA last night but no-one noticed 
Didn't get tix for the Magic games that went on sale this morning 
@Paulpb Would love to (and i mean that) but will not be able to get away this weekend. 
@bobbiandmike Does a canceled wedding happen often? Almost makes me feel sad. 
Standing in line to get a #Pre.  Doesn't look good for me. 
@tommcfly TOOOOM Why you never EVER replied to me? Did you read at least?  www.mcflyers.com.br xx
Coffeeeeee.  Did NOT sleep well at all last night 
Nightmare in the orange shop this morning. Didn't get the phone we wanted  never mind  calmin dwn in house of frasers cafe
@crystaljordan Agree on the guy virgins. Didn't know he was a virgin when we strtd dating. It was awful 
@tommcfly Did you know they're moving the Sylvia Young building next term? No more memories  x x
Didn't get to see the hangover  last night  unexpected family. Off to Annaheim Sk today for a bridal shower! (is there a casino there?)
@Nassira Would love to help but I've only run Ulduar as a healer 
updated XBMC. Yay! Doesn't work now, bother  That may have to wait until tomorrow.
Done with SAT II. Errggg, not enough time. Didn't finish 6 questions 
@jack_of_all Did you just get up @ 11???? Fm was amazingeven in the crap weather!! (though not AS nice!)Tho my coffee guy wasn't there! 
@TomCook24 Aww  I was in Manchester today in the pouring rain (Y) So glad that umbrellas exist  I saw it in the cinema. Didn't like it!
@ShawnKing Tried to go out on scooter today. Was foiled by constant stalling. Didn't make it out if parking lot.  I'll try again tomorrow
@TheArtOfKaren Did our Yankees lose? 
@shineonmedia Ah. Did you know about the Jonas Brothers youtube account? 
@Frannyann Ooh red stuff!Am on voddie tonight. Didn't go shopping. Will get red stuff for tomorrow though! Do prefer it but the calories 
@Hatz94 awww how come? Did you sleep wrong again?  and aw does it hurt to play? (guitar)
also still waiting for my &quot;Did you see me coming?&quot; bundle. It was shipped 3 days ago but has not reached Cologne yet. 
Woke up way too early. Did housecall. Dumpster-dived for coupons inserts. Met brother &amp; his friends for lunch. Watched him drink too much 
Still can't make up my mind for inFamous!!! Loved the demo..! Hmmm.. Should I rent it??  
@precentral Did you find any other streaming radio solution than Pandora. Its boring &amp; I can't install kinoma or Ptunes on classic 
@alex_segura It's contagious! I've been that way all day. Just smoked half a cigarette.  Didn't help. Guess that's a plus.
@Deanrowland Did some frantic ebay bidding today, and picked them up earlier! Gutted Cheryl and the gang arent playing  lol you ok slut?x
Didn't finish all of my wings, wasn't the same...probably cuz it wasn't with Josh 
Didn't enjoy tonight like i hoped i would. Couples everywhere. Left me feeling really low. Just me and buttons the bear now 
@cheesivore   No visit at all?  Does that mean you have to see his people?
@iLiveLaughLoveU 75 in a 55. Was flappin' my jaws after picking my bro up from the airport. Didn't notice.   
@mollykatherine_ I did one school ED. Didn't get in  But it was good preparation for the rest of 'em. I think I applied to maybe 15 total
@officialmgnfox Lil Meg was a little blond. Did I mention I was drunk? I'm bruised and all 
@CeciliaMadness Wah!  Did you eat dinner?
is hoping Nathan will make my night by sending one of his AMAZING texts good night. Didn't get to go out tonight.  Hopefully soon, though!
Didn't get to see crystal castles, they took too long to set up. We had to leave. Left before the offspring too  my back hurts!
Bought the dress, the shoes, and a gift. Did my hair and makeup and then didn't end up going to the party  What a waste!
@FlamingBluStar Yeah, I was at work.   Did you spy my unhappy little face?  (I don't like working at night - it makes me feel so tired!)
Going to bed now. Almost 2am here. Didn't get to the hotel till about midnight. Wendy's was all we could find for dinner at 11:30. Yum 
Didn't get to Omar's grad party. 
@ilovesweat Cat was being a drama queen. Vet's not open, so we're waiting for him to come over  Did you get carnitas?
Didn't see him in my dreams last night.  On my way to Giannini's masterclass today!
@JennifARGH Would you be up to some Katamari multiplayer sometime? I haven't got any of the online achievements 
@MissBlacko They Didn't   it was a
@MissBlacko They Didn't    ,, it was a Tie
@DonniesCupcake Sorry Girl! Did the tweets wake ya? 
@1indienation haha funny! Did you flip him...:-o Hey feel better soon  twiss twiss
Still have 3 eps to watch.  Didn't make any progress yesterday. Sushi's (now aka SIMONE) on ep 6 (hot springs ;D) but her PC broke!! D:
@Jamie1km Why so much pain?   Did I miss something?
@tripledeckher  just saw a trailer for a remake of Fame.  Does not look good 
@alexalltimelow Oh no you di-int. What about Sydney?! Didn't even take your shirt off! 
@ManojRanaweera unfortunately no. Would have loved to but meetings planned which I could not move 
@alexiatsotsis Never saw this tweet. Strange  Would be cool, I say go for it!!!
tried to go to sleep on time.  Did not.  Suffering for it today. 
What's up with the weather it's so sad! Did somebody visit the Hills Party? I bet it was glamourous and exclusive, why did I miss out 
@DramaGirl42 Yikes! *huge hugs!* I don't know what happened, but I hope you're feeling better now.  Did you at least get some cake?
@hikaraseru Awww. Would be awesome if you could, but yeah travel expenses!  Wish we were capable of teleportation.
@jessiiemcfly Gutted  I'm going to Westonbirt  only 12 days now! xD saw them on the radioactive tour too, was awesome! Did you go? xx
@josiebennett Re: Sims 3. Does yours work ok, i bought it yesterday and my comp crashes everytime i try to play it 
Good morning. Did NOT expect to sleep til 1 pm. 
@BobaStacy hola! Didn't talk to you last night  I'm doing good. Just chilling at home. How are you doing?
Hubby found a job!  Except we have to relocate   Would not mind, not happy here in michigan, but selling our house is going to be tough.
Back worse this morning   Did the whole hospital thing and after 800 mg of ibuprofen and 2 viocdins, I STILL can't walk down the hallway!
@Jerseygal71 damn! sorry to hear that but glad you came here. Would hate to lose touch with you 
@MADDYisBROKEN OMFG!!!! I am soooooooooooo fuckin sry!!!!!!! Didn't see u there!!  I feel bad.....
@kirstieh ...was staying. Wouldn't mind but he's 30 yrs old, bride &amp; groom had left so was kicking back w/ old friends duties done. 
Didn't find what I needed at Wal*Mart  But I did get a cute new swimsuit and some floaty things yaay
Didn't have the game I want at RPS.  
Had a bad food day. Am now feeling guilty. Did work off a few calories on the BMX, but that was probably only 2 jaffa cakes 
Sorry folks. I'm a little upset. Didn't mean for that to send. 
@jodifur I can't find it either now, but I'm sure I read about it online earlier.  Did you see any of the nominees when you were in NYC?
Didn't eat breakfast and my lunch isn't til 5ish .. So hungry. 
Always sick when in Port Angeles... maybe allergies?  Taking Benadryl... little improvement.  Didn't start early enough?  Feel miserable. 
Did th bus reali take beni home? Ope it waz a 3ride tha waz sad 
Just chillin' out. Didn't do French project nor Social Studies paper. 
Didn't get to go to Disneyland today...  But at least we saw Hang Over and it was Hilarious!
Did I miss Cheno presenting at the Tonys already? 
Didn't go to my nephew's b-day party today  Very sore and dizzy lately. 5 weeks to go...
@onlyobsessed Did your Xbox asphixiate? 
Just saw the movie Taken .. AWESOME movie hands down.  Should have wrote my email over the weekend  but forgot too 
Made a tuna salad sandwich! Did not taste as good as my mom's due to lack of ingredients 
@MariaLKanellis Did you see the Lakers? I know you're a lakers fan but I'd like to see the finals at least be competitive 
@goodbye_jodie Yeah, totally. Why not in the best mood? Did an asshat make you mad? 
@b_club Hey Tay.. sorry to bother you.. Did the orders go out?? I never got a call from anyone 
@MolotovCupcake Yeah ... tried that approach. Checked some trees, hunted down leprechauns ... Didn't work, so I had to cough up the cash. 
@Snuffylafagous he's my idol. And yeah, it's done.  I wanna watch it. Didn't show here in Singapore.
@smallsprite Wouldn't surprise me - it is supposed to stay in the 60s with rain all week. I want summer 
@esmeeworld i just woke up. Have to go to school  Did you do havo?
@kinagrannis Oh No! I thought it was you on MySpace!  Didn't hear the rap otherwise I would have known... :S
Didn't get the bike.  But, my grandma gave me a 1962 Free Spirit road bike. It isn't as cute, but I still like it a lot.
@LMStellaPR Does that mean your girl didn't work out? 
@kevslady Yup. Didn't go into office today. 
@danniSTACK WTF! Did he say that? Because that is complete bullshit, we should complain our arses off! I don't want swine flu 
Just awake.. Did not sleep at all well  about five or six hours.. Not good! Going for a bath then have to tidy my dressing room.. Oh god!!
@curlydena i'm WRECKED! Would love to crawl back into bed for a few hours. Coffee doesn't seem to be helping 
Didn't want the Lakers to win  sigh*
In bed w/ the light off &amp; felt something crawling on my leg. Turned out to be a lady bug. Sorry, dude. Didn't mean to hurt you. 
Shattered |: Didn't get much sleep  Suposed to being going to a BBQ tonight, but there is suposed to be thunder, lightening and floods 
@a_c81 i had wedding was away &amp; was at work last night. Missed em &amp; she chatted  Would have stayed awake
Just ran over a possum! It went straight for me. Did a lap &amp; couldn't find it. Maybe it's ok... 
@KVAY2K Did not throw U  any shade. LOL  I was just a little busy on Sunday.  Had company over for meatloaf.   I am Sorry.  LUV U...
@officialTila Does not surprise me, lil girls have so much energy its scary sometimes, my gf scres me when she is mad&amp;ddi taekwendo !Ouch 
Hates monday's.....Doesn't wanna be at work today on this gorgeous day!!! 
Didn't I just go to sleep... Feels like it 
OMG!!! Why Did I Do It?  Why Did I Drink So Much 
@rainbowirisfarm --- It was WAY super cool, Kelly. They've got some cool stuff. Didn't get to see any iris, though. 
Morning all, tea &amp; toast finished. Did NOT have good start to day!! Took DD16 2 school, got speeding ticket on way 
6 powercuts and its taken me til now to rememeber laptops have batteries! DOH! Didn't take that long to find out my UPS is dead though 
Going home and to the gym. Didn't finish the ASL 2 training yet 
@tippythepuppet Sorry, didn't know I needed to respond to the DMs. Didn't mean to offend my little blue friend. Apologies 
I saw Angles &amp; Demons today and I found it very predictable! Didn't like the film 
@TheFrankenStand Oh dear   Did you make it home okay?
@Thirkill Meh. Couldn't find the ones I wanted though! 
@xheartrockx Go you! Didn't see ur crush today?   Was thinking about wine tonight but my stomach hurrrrrrts. *whines about wine*
@mrsmarymack Yikes  Did she finish HS after she gave birth &amp; got married?
@ayanyanks  Yelz! Didn't y'all miss me?  Its still on! Wet T shirt contest! but its gettin dark 
So sorry 2 all the Aussie fans!!  I understand how u feel. Happened 2 me when I was a girl. Didn't c the guys until I was 30. Sorry!! 
Did not realize just how outta shape I really have become until I played with my Wii...my whole body is hurting 
Didn't see any wolves today.   Did dee Tower Fall.  Very little sun, so pics didn't turn out well.
Sitting in my car in a random parking lot in Kitchener. Doesn't feel good when a Ninja bails 
Didn't get private school job. On one hand it was a long shot, OTOH I could have used the confidence boost right now. 
Didn't get my downtown hotdogs earlier today.  ended up with a Subway sandwich. I just pretended it was dtown dog. Quite disappointing...
Did I miss a game? I always miss sport events.  I guess it's time to watch some RAW
Hey pole. I really didnt like running into you today. Did you REALLY have to be in my way of getting the touch down?! 
@BobbieMiller Sorry I missed you guys today!   Did you get to stop by?
Didn't see Layton today, and won't for a few days. UGH. I miss him 
Did arms today...sore....spin class too.....tomorrow I have Ab class in the pool...I think its called &quot;Core Blaster&quot;....I'm a bit scared 
No more NIN  Does this mean I need to &quot;get a life&quot; now? Nooooooooo!
@JoelMadden haha pfft I tried giving away my first born child for a pizza delivery on twitter today. Didn't work 
Didn't realise I didn't sign up for updates of Ristorante Paradiso on crunchyroll, now I'm 7 episodes behind  http://bit.ly/106MwQ
Didn't do yoga or pilates for the last 3 days.  Feeling a bit low in the energy department. Hopefully, I can get back into routine today.
@FBCMedia  I do don't I? Did he tell you we won't make it to Metro this year? We'd have to pay our way so we decided not to go 
@nedwin Yeah I read that too. Didn't surprise me though  #iTelephone #Optus #Tethering
@kristierenee It's gonna get worse. Did I mention that I had the most HORRID sunburn on the boat?? OMG..Worst ever. I feel your pain. 
@vegankitten Barely enough candlelight for me to see my food. Didn't see any midget prostitutes  Let's go back after Andrew bird!
@LeslieRoark  Wouldn't be too bad for me.  I have one wedding next year, and that's it!  lol  Happens when you switch continents  
@NatalieGrant Was not pleased with that movie.. Didn't like the married guy's story line.. 
Did forces attacking Isfehan Uni dorm arrest @change_for_Iran? That was his dorm, would explain why he has not come back.  #iranelection
Did I admit I'm spotty again? Well, I am. I've not tried the advice of @nutritionguru1 yet. Shame on me. 
Was soooo tired last night I may have fallen asleep while @kimrichey was still in the room... Did I? 
I miss my boyfriend very much.  (Did you know? That's the first time I admitted that to anybody, let alone type it out on the Net.)
@raginaphalange Oooh! If he did, I cant miss the video! Did u see the show? Of course u did!  Tell me everything!!
@Nataliejfk I know I know I know  I wanted to cry when I read it. I actually did. Did you listen to them on Radio1 yesterday? =D I did. ha
Wishing he understood the process of de-zending. Would  make my job 100% easier 
Took car in for a service. Didn't have right change for bus. Realised I left pass in the car, security took ages to let me in the office! 
@hanaabanana I really did! Did u see my pics? I have better seats tonight ;-) BUT i need that money to buy stuff  Hows you?xx
@AnnetteDubow Meant to be funny. Didn't come across that way. 
Didn't crash car, but crashed me! Walking down steps took a nasty tumble, banged head and scraped wrist and leg up pretty good 
Didn't have Internet on my phone over the weekend so no updates  I'll get on to doing an update. Important stuff coming up.
Did anyone else cry when they saw &quot;Sicko&quot;? 
I want to roll around in the mud. Didn't get tickets though. Waving my VisitBritain credentials didn't work either  http://tr.im/oEiA
Finally got around to watching Gran Torino. Didn't want to watch the last 15 minutes because I could tell what was going to happen  #fb
Did NOT want to leave roman at daycare today. 
@LeMass Hahah I really wish I was.. ever. Would make life so easy  I literally did a practice exam today, got 46% &amp; was like yay it's &gt;40%
Good day y'all. Having a hard time jumping into work today. Didn't get to workout this morning 
Did I say traffic was light? Now that I'm on kenaston, I mean traffic is terrible! So late! 
Popped to PO.P sale- so disappointing, nothing in the right size and only 20-25% off.  Did get a cardigan but nothing else 
@bringmepain Aww, you poor thing. Did L word get better again? Cause I found season 2 pretty much sucky 
@chabcoyiuto CHAB! Would you happen to have a paper clip and plastic for the pictures? I don't have any 
10 for 12 balls &amp; those arMs r ouT! Does this day hate me??? 
@Nowhere2Hide Couldn't get video   Did you see report is now up? http://twurl.nl/tmuwlg #STOP #iranelections
Flew in last night from TX. Didn't want to come back. I miss you already 
@blognundercover Sorry to hear you had such trouble with the hosting! I feel bad  Did you find somebody new or are you taking a break?
Just got notice via email.  Didn't get the IBM job I moved here to D.C. for.  Bummer.  
Happened to use Nokia N97. Didn't even like it  Sorry, dear fans, never mind.
Did 7 to 8 loads of laundry in a 3 day stretch..Finally done! Its a B E A utiful day here in california..missin my buddy in NC.. 
Thanks god I am on a new team. Didn't want to play with a bunch of scrubs. Downside is I don't get to play today 
@janecakemaster Meep!  Did you manage to finish in time? Or do you have to retake a part of it...
@jvon49 You still did not answer my question. Where is MD? I am updating my verizon plan. Did not get a tweet today. 
@ebinion aw! I see! Well, sorta, u did the video... But I can view it at work    Did u do the editing or effects? Iono... Good on ya tho!
Did my hair and makeup cuz I was hella bored. Now I wanna go somewhere but there is no place to go. Ahhh. Dang  lol
If anyone knows of somewhere in the city that offers pineapple fro yo, hook a sista up!! I am in dire need.  Didn't get my fix in SC 
@TehKimber Aw! I'm sorry.  Did you at least see the mermaids under the water?
@ifUseekBRAN LOVE the movie. Did I ever show you the movie poster I have? Oh. Don't worry about my tixs I cant afford to go again. 
@lisajenkins Do you mean Atonement? I really hated that book. Didn't live up to the hype at all. 
@NewsdayLaura Does that mean no tweets from meetings? 
Hey @alyankovic Did you answer my Coolio question?  I got disconnected.    (#WeirdAl live &gt; http://ustre.am/3nDH)
@oldsoul991 Sweetie, I never got anything from you. Did you get a little email from me? I checked my spam and everything. 
@kickit_oldskool haha I love &quot;Mean Girls&quot;... Did you buy LVaTT? I want it but I think is not out here yet 
@MyMarrakesh are you going toblog about your trip to Yemen. I really wish I could go  Did you take pics ?
Did not expect that the first day I came back to Eugene would be so busy...  And I am sick 
@LisaLavie aaaakkk! Were you there? Did I miss you?  sad...
@kroqkom Hey!!  Will you guys post the video from today?  If not how do i get/buy it?  It's such an awesome memory! PS..FAILED my final 
Speaking of .... @neonbug, @nitrojane, @samclifford, @weisslu, @campercy .... why aren't we having Wii parties anymore? Did we grow up? 
@SaraLarrisa   Sorry you're not feeling well.  Did I make you sick?
Sigh...my 4 year old accidently slammed the door on my little parakeet  he was so heart broken saying `I Didn't know' And sobbing too
Didn't get all my chores done last night, so had to get up half an hour early to do them this morning! Ironing is hard 
@boudoirdivas your in chicago  Did I miss something you all?
@Nortoons well that's... Disconcerting  I'm really sorry! Hoping for the best! Did ya call jpp?
Made a drink out of whiskey, grenadine, and mango juice. Did I ever mention I would make an awesome bartender? But those shelves are tall 
Didn't see your tweet Ruth, but get well soon! 
@RuthieRAWR Didn't see your tweet Ruth, but get well soon! 
Did someone check the mail today?... I forgot to ask  #BSB
@thepete SFM = science fiction museum.  Didn't take pics sorry....no camera on me. 
I even had chocolate ice cream! Didn't work! Man, I feel like a bum. Think I'll go back to bed anyway, in spite of myself.  *heartbroken*
Morning all  Doesn't look like a good day  pissing down with rain. Why couldn't scotland be near the equator?
Is trying out the new #tweetdeck #iPhone #app, thanks to @anthonycoppedge! Could not create an acceptable PW for syncing. 
@feblub I'm in work so am always bored  Feeling really sleepy as well. Did not get a good night sleep.
All this father's day stuff everywhere is making me sad. Would give anything to be watching a bronx tale with him right now. R.I.P 
Bring on Glasto, one week today!!!!  How can I still be tired from Cyprus?!? Didn't even get to see Take That  x
@kaylaSTACK Omg! Did you miss it ? 
Did curls today at gym. The are cramping a bit when I was brushing my teeth  Happened last week too.
I'm actually so bored, sitting in Business Studies. Oh and it's raining.  Should have stayed off.
has also used up pretty much the last of all her money! Spendn my last dime to see KDev.Doesn't know where she'll stay after BN's shw 
Ohh.. Bzy day today.. Didn't get time to read any tweets 
Didn't want to let dog that's not mine off lead when out so used flexi lead. Have burns on my hand now!  haven't used flexi lead for ages
@JimmyVo man, I will blow a gasket if I have to retake that damn test LMAO!!! Did u watch UFC99... I was disappointed in all but 2 fights 
@Titillandus Doesn't sound too great 
@MsBrooks2U were you around when Neal came on today? Did I miss much..was at work 
@pobenschain Cool. Did you go to hs/college in va? Where? Staunton is the most boring place ever  What tour are you going on?
I have wasted somebodyelse time this morning. Sorry! Didn't mean to 
@feblub Tell me about it  Didn't know what it was to start with so started listening carefully then the realisation set in! I feel dirty!!
@oliverhumpage Damn... can't make it  Did you find anything good there?
@ianlisk66 I got NADA planned for today...boring..nothing...zip....Should be fun though. Would play apples to apples...but only 3 peeps. 
Didn't want to get out of a bed today.. a full day of studying awaits me..  I hate exams. Alot.
@TheChristinaKim So why you furious??  Didn't you have iPhone before?? I'm bummed I can't upgrade yet 
Ratty: Didn't see it 
@darceywestcott I don't remember the invite.    Would love to go, but I need to play school bus today for Viv.
@realbailing, Did you get into a Cooper? The niece wants one of those, but not the convertible. If she loved me she would buy a Jeep 
Arrgh! Does media temple have to have 311 greatest hits as their on hold music 
Factor 5 shutting down? Does this mean we'll never see another Turrican?  Who holds the rights?
Unfortunately the Tweet for a Treat competition is now over  We would like to thank everybody who took part. Did you like the coffee?
Omg it's amateur season at the airport.  Did I really just see a double baby stroller w a laptop attached for toddler vid games?
@macwingnut I tweeted about it. Didn't know you had beta tested iPhone apps either. Sorry 
@jenniefrench Yes i am   Didn't get Fox. Finaly got signal last night holding antena up *sigh* I'll just have to hold it 2hrs tonight LOL
Did Yoga X this morning and think I may have overstretched my achilles  #P90X
It is so damn humid out. Holy crap. Also, I almost tricked mom into buying me a cat! Hehe. @toribeth Did I do a bad job painting? 
@RowanMcBride @emeraldjaguar Didn't buy me drinks. Just bit me. Mean skeeter. 
@Thomas_Carey (Does any gov in the world have the balls to stand up to those in power in Iran?) ... NO 
Didn't make it to Sonic today. One of my kids badly misbehaved so I told him we couldn't go anymore. 
@tgray22 Things are well! Classes very demanding. I'll stop in soon- I miss you all  Did your daughter make the cheer team? how r u?
Didn't go out or to the cinema tonight,just to save money Heard the film was good &amp; ohhh all the amazing people at the Union tonight! 
I'm bummed   Didn't work out so good with Anthony and I'm VERY depressed.
Sore from the dentist.   Didn't think it was going to be major....got the bad news once I already had the shots.  
Just spent a frustrating 3hrs getting 3.0. Does anyone know how to get my apps back in line? They are scattered across 11 pages 
Didn't make it to sample sale today, too busy at work  Tomorrow is fw09 photoshoot, hopefully friday?! Employee discount = my fave 2 words
So apparently Luke Wilson was shopping in the record store located below the place I work today. Did I get to see him? NOPE! 
@JL_DESIGNS I wrote you this morning, girl!  Didn't get it?  
Didn't get out.  Wind picked up and a good chance of Thunderstorms.  I'll have to wait for Father's Day I guess. 
At the mall with my GF.Does anyone have some bamboo to shove under my nails? It would be so much more soothing.   http://twitpic.com/7o69d
@aron93a Does email push really not work? 
Didn't get to go to Daniel's house. 
@rocsidiaz,@djprostyle Did @TerrenceJ106 fall off the MAP? or is he still havin technical difficulties wit his iphone  enjoy y'all nit ...
@dannygokey Huhuhu! Didn't make it to your live chat. Too late to know... This is the problem with having different time zone...  
@megandresslar Didn't Mariners play today???  I couldn't watch the game  I had to buy groceries...
Accidentally kicked Juliet REALLY hard in the ribs. I was carrying laundry &amp; she was laying in the floor. Didn't see her. Poor kitty!  #fb
@laughingrid Crap! Did I miss a great sunset? 
@Fabricationist odd for me I know. Did you know laurie from sst? Cute blonde? Her sis after 7 years - cancer. 2 kids plus 4 adopted. 
@kjllim Took my mum to Dirty Duck for bebek benggel. Didn't get to eat babi guling as my mum wasn't in favour of having it 
Mad because metro pcs just added the blackberry for 450$. Would buy it but just got a new phone a couple months ago 
@mxweas LOL I submit it a long time ago. Didn't get in.  Maybe now with 3.0 lol
 Didn't do so well on the job today. Made $78. But I learned some valuable skills at the field manager meeting today!
@JulieBanderas Would love to tweet your wedding, but I have fewer than 300 followers. 
@thenewbnb cold better.. Wouldn't have woken up even if the world had come to an end! I missed 
@seaneverett - Just trying this out. Didn't know about Goldie. Soooo sorry. 
I did a bad thing with my iTouch  Didn't back it up before I upgraded (despite jailbreak) so all my settings be dead and gone.
Did a timelapse of the cycle across Reading yesterday evening, however the netbook's screen is too small to finish editing it 
Nerves have really kicked in. Haven't got my passport and we go in a week. Just called passport office 4 upgrade. Didn't seem too helpful 
Ill, ill ill.  Did I mention i'm ill?  Right now i'm just grateful not to be retching.. 
Ohh, ohh, my belly hurts.  Haha, that's okay, i'll be strong. Did I ever mention that i think i may need to go to a dream interperater? 
@heathermsu98 Same for me  I have to withdraw because i use some cliparts online  Didn't know I couldn't.  I'm so sad..
@officialTila I LOVE your new profile pic! When I saw that pic on your blog I wanted it for my screen saver on my phone! Didn't work 
@tabloidterror Oh s@#t me too... forgot all about it   Did u find out who left?
@LariiTran  Did you study for it? Good luck. Do well, so you an avoid getting your name seen at the bottom. 
Rerlected cross site scripting is the bane of my bloody life. Did our developers listen to me years ago when I warned them? Noooooo.   
Yeah, I didn't get out until 715  think I'll catch up tomorrow. Did you get home ok?
Too early too early too freakin early!!!!!! Did the first half of my job, now I do nothing for the next 3 hours.  Bored already...
Did not sleep too well last night/this morning. Bloody workers downstairs in the old mans flat,drilling woke me up 
@Roo_monkey yeah I meant to do something productive with them, but time ran out  Didn't get lose much exciting though, c'ept the dreamcast
@LaChatNoir No sob sob sniff sob. Stuck at computer all day trying to revamp my photography website. Didn't manage it. Double FAIL 
@redeyeevents Oh!  Sorry I was so harsh.  Didn't realize you were hacked. 
@Joceebrown Grr.  Does it say that the file is too big or something like that?
Stuck in traffic on m61, 2 lanes closed.  Does not look good... 
So I expect our CFO to come in any minute and get J out of here ... Wondering if plans have changed ... Wouldn't surprise me 
OK so I have pneumonia. Didn't have to get a chest xray thank goodness. Oh do I feel sick 
@BenOtis Did not have the advantages of Photoshop that your employment offers  
@MyInnerJuCJuice  Fine!  Did u hear about rp getting hit?  
@meeennna hah me too! Didn't win them  maybe at 3 o'clock! Hah.
Check out the Top Twitter Cities list from @grader.  Did yours make it?  http://twitter.grader.com/top/cities. Didn't make it 
Did pakistan do enough to win 149/4 - not sure SA need just about 8 run rate - doable 
That sucks  Didn't notice this. Target is so cool in many other ways... Some people should write to them, and... re: http://ff.im/48MVO
@Neon_POP Oh no! Did you get a blister while trying to voxtar? Because that would be tragic. 
@XShear it's annoying! Actual shit gets new seasons  haven't seen the 2nd season yet. Did they close the story off?
I seriously need some Midol right now.  Did you know there's caffeine in it? LOL. D:
@cormacj http://twitpic.com/7qk6x - You went without me.  Now I'm bummed. Did they have anything especially good?
Didn't practice yesterday!  My apologies to @lalohovis but is going to get her practice on NOW.
Did Social Scope forget about me? I guess I just wasn't cool enough. 
@AlexanderMcNeil Not yet, need to get them now. Didn't manage to get them for the ICA gig 
Damn! Didn't see u-know-who doing u-know-what. How disappointing... 
@unimaginatarian Lol, why?  Did I cite it the wrong way? We always use MLA at our school.
@DrVonX Is the game over? Did the Yankees lose? 
@Zesylene Days was terrific today! E.J.'s an ass, though.   Packing? Did  I missing something?
Didn't win my Louie  anyone wanna buy me one?! LoL damn my unluckiness
Stupid MMVAs are only on in Canada  What did I do to your heart? Did I break it apart?*clapclap* Did I break it your heart?~Jonas Brothers
Rolling up to SA tomorrow to spin at Coco. Does anyone want to roll with me because I'm going solo 
Did it get hot -OR WHAT?? Love to run early evening but tonight...a little tough! No evening &quot;cool down&quot;. Or am I just a wimp? 
Just got back from Dallas. Didn't even eat anywhere good. What a downer. 
@BRITTANYBOSCO  Damn! Did it have a serial # you can report to the police? Do we need to find you a new one on craigslist?
@atomicpoet Because aging sucks. Metabolism changes. I used to have the flattest stomach ever. Now I don't. Didn't change ANYTHING. 
Exam this afternoon. Didn't really study much due lack of motivation 
@sociaIIyawkward  You crack me up!  You know so much music!  I heard a mixture of feelings in his music tonight   Did you?
Earthquake. Did you guys feel it? 
Did an all day presentation today. Voice super tired 
@blowqueen Did it arrive already!?! Yea, I know what you mean. I sold off 2 of my RM Matties recently 
My phone is rammed full of txts this morn saying 'Daisy O'Briens' in Bournemouth has shut down. Does anyone know if this is true? 
@rosietratt Happiest day of the year? Dammit, wish I planned to make the most of it! Did even get to listen to you and @brucey1 today! 
What next! Would you like help? @paperclippy is here to save the day 
@devteamchat Would it be possible to upload the stat images on another server? For some reason I cannot access the pages.... 
FFS. Over-slept without revising half of the stuff. Did terribly in Physics 
@lovett1989 George, you're party was probably whack without me there! So boop bow begone! Didn't even get an invitation. I'm OVER you! 
@spiky7 Got 3.2.1 + Patch Clusters to download and read too  Did patch at Xmas, amazed how easy it was - don't see what fuss is about ;)
I saw XiaXue's blog , I so wanna go to The Arena ! But no tickets  damn It ! Didn't get to attend the flashmob 
isn't in the mood to play dress up... Doesn't feel like it right now , also feels jumpy 
@tuileries Much more sense!  Didn't get to Ladyhawke as she'd sold out   Hows you lovely?  How goes the flatmate hunt? x
@AtiKuSDesign Doesn't it get you down when your much anticipated print turns out the colour of dishwater  Printing is tough!
Didn't go to bed last night either. grumpy dady  Oh well maybe I'll find some goodies at the store today see ya laterz
@planetMitch Doctors are on their own time zone..   Sorry you missed half the rehearsal.   Did you get any good shots anyway?
Didn't get the yorkie pup  Waited on line for two hours just to get a green slip to say we were eligible. Mother is devastated AGAIN! 
Did anybody go to see the jonas brothers on the today show in new York ? I was gunna go but I'm super sick 
Did a huge binge office cleaning this morning, expecting a funder visit... funder stuck in Montreal airport.  Boo
Interesting cabbie last night - offered free ride if I could answer his geography questions correctly. Didn't know the capitol of Gambia 
Did anyone get pulled backstage @danecook 's show in Chicago? What a fluke! 
@FoneArena the video sample you posted in Youtube. Didn't feel so good. The lag was bit annoying. And photo quality isn't so impressive 
Woot Woot. Won a chair at work today for camping! Didn't win the 50/50 draw though 
Definitely started crying before the exam because I was thinking about Boris too much  Did well on the exam though.
Smfh. Did anyone other than me hear about the lady who did some crazy voodoo shyt to her daughter in Queens Village? 
Hungry. Didn't pack any food. 
Its friday night and i dunno wht to do! Would like to watch new movie &quot;Drag me to hell&quot; but noone's comin with me 
Getting ready to go out to a &quot;Race night&quot;. Could be expensive...  Anybody got a good suggestion for our horse's name?
iPhone upgrade pricing is stupid expensive. Would sell my body but the three bucks I'd get would not really help 
Bike Week is almost over  Did anyone get a chance to join?  http://ow.ly/f45A
Haven't tweeted in ages. Well, I just woke up after being asleep since about 4:30 lol. Didn't get much sleep lastnight  xo
@drakkardnoir Does this mean your done with Degrassi 
Should apparently read the newspaper, or talk to Jon more. . . Did NOT realize the Stones Throw was actually closing.  FISH BOWLS!!!!! 
Didn't think through my wardrobe selection for this evening. Kilt + motorcycle on freeway = fail. Pants win. 
@Sheshel Would love to think weekend was going to be relaxing.... but I fear not.... got house to look nice for friends party tomorrow..  
@lenanguyen94 Cos it was horrible out  Yeah I am I :O Did you go to that thing in Merrion Square today?
@Edele04 I just got back from Bingo it was gas! We have to go soon! Didn't win anything though! 
Did you hear the Vacuum... I inhaled this tuna sandwich... don't even know how it tasted... 
@kenarmstrong1 Would watch but hubby won't let me!!!! 
@SianySianySiany Didn't make it to the front of the DLR  Still quite fun though!
@AngieZherself I'll do that tonight. Did you listen to the BBC interview he did? It was absolutely terrifying to listen to. So sad!  
Didn't get too see Shia today    Maybe next week???
Didn't get to see Shia today    Maybe next week???
 Didn't win the twitter contest. BOO
Why would I want to waste time on an entire book if it has suckass ending? Would ruin my entire day  @lisahughey
I can't go to Dia del E today. Didn't wake up early enough... @trishopping I wanna go to Chinatown... 
Kinda disheartened.. Didn't get what i wanted the most 
Kinda disheartened.. Didn't get what i wanted the most 
Didn't end up getting a chance to enter @nedlud's 140 char #JS competition. Too busy at work 
@Tortue: yeah that sounds like an idea - I used to learn by writing chars ad infinitum ni 1E5 books - I have 5 full books.  Didn't work 
@TESS_NASA Does this mean the end of you?  Or is there a chance you could go some time in the future?
@katzni I didn't. The girls share a bedroom. Did the mattress &amp; pillow covers. But hers are outdoor. So certain times of year are bad. 
Headed home from the THR3E!!! Lots of fun but I'm beat!!! Didn't think we'd ever get it all cleaned up! 
@MrsSerm sneaky asses! Ppl Did that to me too 
@missannab Yeah well, fair enough. He is a freak. Didn't hear it sorry  
@MuscleNerd Does that mean Quickpwn will be delayed also? 
@samblak that was funny. Loved the look on the cat. Did you have fun tonight? I ended up not going. 
headed to the beach in less that 8 hours!  Yah!  Doesn't make slicing half of my pinky toe off hurt any less though 
Power was out from about 2pm-6pm in Makawao! Didn't get as much work done as I had hoped 
Didn't know there was a joint on the second floor of arena mty. Quite Posh! Free beer. I'm driving 
@jamescantbeseen &gt;&lt; Su.  Did you talk?
@TDLQ  Yep normal weekend. Did have plans to meet with a flirtation of a male friend but he's had to travel to Belgium for work 
Lost my partner for IMATS  Dont want to go solo... Would it be wrong to take my hubby and princess?
Did a baby massage instruction session with a Mummy &amp; 4week old baby at work today. Makes me realise how big my baby is now 
Hahaha I know! Did you know I'm still in pain? 
Did anyone watch Obama kill that fly??? If not, go to youtube. Its HILARIOUS!!! Poor fly... 
Didn't sleep well. Kept dreaming about Carri.  I was hoping against hope to wake up to good news - instead - no news.
@krispii we all fine- ish! Bingo doing some agility &amp; cani-x. Did back in so not much running for a year. Sorry knee still creaking 
Did I just dream about it last night or did Government ministers give back their Mercs because of the economic downturn 
The Rough Riders game was a lot of fun. LOVED the fireworks show afterward. Would have been better if my special someone was there  
SSA supposed to send cutoff in writing. Didn't get anything yet. So what's the deal, WA? Cut me off? *is worried* Dunno what to do. 
@amandacolbert Switch that sad face to a smiley. I go in @ 230 and won't get off til 1030. THAT deserves a  Wouldn't you agree? Lol.
I'm tired. Shouldn't have goten up this early. Oh well...now I need plans. car wash is cancelled 
Didn't sleep so well last night. Kept waking up from nightmares covered in sweat. What's going onnn?? 
Didn't finish work in time for roller derby  so gonna lie on the couch and watch Henry Rollins
@mac_feisty Did u see how fast he whipped around, Griffin's head went flying around poor thing-LOL. Sorry, didn't mean to spoil 
Did I mention that I hate friends leaving? Have known one family for 10 yrs. Another close friend has been in my worship teams for 3 yrs 
Weather cancelled our blues fest   Didn't even attempt to go. Therefore, it was a Yahtzee nite!
All stuffy Can't breathe good. Didn't sleep good. Don't wanna go to work. Not a pleasant start to my saturday 
@darthfenix Oh no re: the Xbox.  Do you have it sitting vertical? Did you try switching to horizontal or vice versa?
Didn't realize shops don't open until 10 until I got here at 9  @ Town Square
@Jean_Pierce OOC:  Where has Mr.  Neelix been hiding?  Doesn't he like us anymore?  
I SERIOUSLY NEED SOME REST...Doesn't look like I'm gonna get it though 
Getting aquainted with my drain plugs in the #Jeep with #ROC weather. Didn't replace the rear window last night   #dontcheatmothernature
@RagingBitch OMG! No one was there!  Did she say when she would be back?
Did you people all fail your Don't Feed Trolls Class? If you block them they know they got to you and they win. 
I think it's cool that the wood saw on the knife my bride gave me for Christmas works so well. Did chores this morning: sweaty now. 
http://twitpic.com/7x2m6 - Went to the mall yesterday, found this... So cool... Didn't get it tho 
@SaraVegas   Sad   Didn't get my Twithug :*
Didn't get my Strawberry pancakes that I've been craving this morning 
@SGN_Tweets Doesn't allow me to send a dm without following you 
Did not win big money a the casino  http://myloc.me/4HOU
@clarissa79 I am SO jealous. Would give anything to go for a run now 
Did yardwork...   back looks better. Front needs weeding work.
@MarkMorb Did ya cry when Omar got it? I did 
I thought I'd try using Outlook. Does it need to download all the e-mail messages? 
@StampfliTurci 300,000 ! Didn't take long indeed ! Shame TweetDeck sucks on festive days like these 
The DH leaves for Austin tomorrow.  I'm kinda bummed about that.    I'm gonna stay home and knit.  Did find some pretty good yarns.
@Hk5656 Didn't work. 
@phoenixq ah, quark's another love of mine. Did my first stuff using it. Printers are getting huffy about it now though 
Didn't get to go to JP yesterday 
Didn't get my G-Shock today. 
Waited for 5 hours to meet @trvsbrkr an he left 2 people before I got my clothes. Didn't get my of's cd signed for her birthday 
Waited for 5 hours to meet @trvsbrkr an he left 2 people before I got my clothes. Didn't get my gf's cd signed for her birthday 
@AFmonkey oooh...never thought of that.  Would be the same for me too  
@A_Bizzle Did you get my tweet about having to uninstall AIM??  
@TheNerdyBird Did you hear how the MDA summer camps had to close because some of the kids had the H1N1 flu? 
@flamingokitty awww so sad  Did you know elephants are starting to be born w/out tusks? Nature is fascinating. Even if the reason is sad.
@jenlovess Ok!   Did you get my DMs?
I can't log in my MSDN account! Did they remove my account on the list? 
@jordanknight Heard from friend tonight that you are in alot of pain   Did you try ACCUPUNCTURE?!?!
@lizzfizz How did we get so f-ed up?! We totally forgot to Party Detox.  Did you get your car?
@avril_lavigne so cool! I was sent an email to join with a code but somehow no matter how hard I tried I couldn't join  Would u help me?
Facebooking. Did you guys know that sometimes terrorists communicate through twitter? I heard that on the news! SCARY! 
@sly408 Shut up, you swallow. Did I ask you? Jk! Don't hurt me with your mean jokes/words. 
@AmandaTurner Haha sa-weet!!! Too bad there is a very unlikely chance I will be moving down there! LOL! Would love too though 
@ELLEohhELLExxx     Did they play any songs from JONAS?
@CarolineCorona I'm afraid not!  Sorry! Didn't realize u'r underage! I'll go now.....
Did I really juat give my 4lb. pup a shower?? Came home to pooop in the crate and allll over her! I feel awfullll 
Wish my lexi was in ATL. Would be having so much more fun. 
Did an easy river loop. Legs sore. Came off in the wet so grazes on right side 
@zilla_darling Want to go to pole instead of fail exam on IR  If I finish half an hour early I will call you and meet you somewhere!
Santa Monica's nightlife blows. Didn't tell us they did last call at ONE, and every bar was done... So much for birthday drink 
.....Did NOT enjoy being stuck on the M25 at 2am however!! 
...Did NOT enjoy being stuck on the M25 for 2 hours at 2am however! 
Did a complete restore. Set up like a new phone. Reorganized all my apps. And just realized I lost all of my Shazam tagged songs 
Didn't cope too well with day leave today  Relieved to be back in the safety of the clinic.
cant come in  Does anyone now how cams4cams.com works?
Rise and shine.. Didn't even shave my legs today.. Going to go see dad at the grave yard 
Might be going to Cornwall soon! Depends on hubby's work though  If we do it will be St Minver.Never been there before so am Googling it.
Didn't get any painting done last night  Far too tired after driving a canal boat up the Llangollen canal!
@jumblejim Just watched the Sheriff's death on #Harpersisland Hard death to watch  Didn't want to see your character die!
Mmm hot tub at a friends place... felt great! Did nothing for my knee/ankle.  
@annisatadiyana Yeah, such a shame...   Did you see the movie &quot;Control&quot;?
@Nicco_x I know  Did you get my facebook comment?
@mag_nation Hmm, can I jump in here for a min. Did we not arrange for Vintage Issues to be cheaper??? Why on Earth is it still $69!? 
@McChickie Quiet..awwww  Did you manage to catch up with your friend,updates-wise? When you fell asleep you were only a few tweets behind.
Sorry. You will be hearing from me again. Didn't even get one number 
@jpwashere no  just that for right now... Did see @amandapalmer in NYC so atleast this won't be the only show... How about you?
I am tired. Got like 4 hour of sleep. Sucks. got up around ten. Still up when sunrise. zzz.  Did a little yard stuff.
Did I lose everything?  Ehh, I don't know.
Agh! Why Didn't I Think!  Hope this isn't a one off
@anjibee Sorry to hear about your iPod.  Did you ever get to see this?
@rumblestrip Saw Audi advertising on HuffPo this morning. The barrel ad is spot on. Didn't want to give up the FFH ... Short loan. 
@Justin51982 sad. Didn't even invite me. 
Is craving Rice to Riches! Didn't get to have my weekend fix 
Dinner?  I have to make dinner again tonight?  Didn't I already do that, like, a million times? Take out? Oh,  did that last night.  
At my Mom's. Didn't go to the beach because of my car 
@blackandebony Where the hell are you? Did you take a long walk off of a short cliff or something? Reply me... 
@Opotopo small slip on Tryfan few weeks back, felt side pull but didnt think it was bad. Muscle went between ribs. Did me for 2 weeks 
@RickStrahl Doesn't work with Safari 4 either 
@LIVERPOOLnikki I'd love to be able to do that..doubtvi could afford to though..Would love to go to the last dates now but so can't.. 
Where's @octorin ?? I haven't see her for a week!! Did u miss me buddy?? Cause I am.. 
To bed I go. Didn't get as much reading done as I'd hoped today.  Catchup tomorrow.
@Kalediscope pissed about that, still searching for a theatre thats not sold out. Doesn't look like i'll make it on opening night 
Took my exam. Didn't pass  Heading home to re-evaluate next steps. I'm sure wine will be involved.
@bbgoodMAYA Would u follow me? 
Did 55 minutes on the elliptical! Then ate a half pint of ice cream   But then did Turbo Kick to make up for it!  All is well.
@Itxi_Itx Didn't enjoy him live *at all*      brilliant on CD though hehehehe
GRR! I hate the cheap ass blinds in Savy's room. Took me 10 mins to open both of them.  Didn't matter when we never used this room.
2 sandwiches, chips, and applesauce. Does anyone else's 11 yr old eat this much???    
miss my sis Christy very much.... Didn't see her for many days 
@JohnYearwood Haha very funny! They're in the hamper. Didn't realize it til I got halfway to Baytown 
Afterparty from his show was nice. Didn't meet anyone worth mentioning though 
Did you know you can't unlock a GMC P/U with a Toyota remote clicker? It's true. 
Did you ever have one of those days after one of the Greatest weekends ever?!?! Looks like I'm done with P90X for the time being. 
First ever studio shoot 2day with you,me at 6. Vry cool.Technical but the pics look good. Did get paint all over my jeans tho! 
@tommcfly Tom what about the song you wrote here in Brazil? Did you finished? miss you so bad 
Didn't think I'd have to say this but this big ass rta desk is too small for both comps.  AJ say...ARGGGGGGHHHH
Did NOT get invited to the next stage of L-Land interviews 
saw&amp;confronted guy who I thought keyed car month ago-he denied&amp;got VERYangry.Didn't end well &amp;only made me feel bad!  Revenge nvr good.
Didn't play Catan, Instead tried out Chicago Express. Not quite my type of game, hence the shoddy last place 
@Saira_Playboy Didn't know there was a plaboy radio fan page 
Set @ jazzkat18 up with twitter.  Didn't get paid.  
THE SUN!!?? Where... Did I blink? Damit! Maybe next month 
@kaizokuai: Good, good. Did they hack both your IMs? You never answer mobile 
@hellomqkitty  Sorry I missed the event in LA  Did you go?
Has my TiVo betrayed me? Did the &quot;curving bullets&quot; and &quot;car vs. rain&quot; Mythbusters episodes air? I don't seem to have them recorded. 
Didn't get to see transformers after all.. they were sold out when i got there  Maybe i'll get to see it sometime this weekend!
@Sicol Would love to go but sadly, I am working! 
With Jhay ;D Didn't get to finish watching Exorcist: The Beginning 
Did I mention they cut my shift at Banana Republic today? 
How is it that at 1630 my bg was 34, at 2030 372 (!!!!) and now it's STILL over 300?!?? Did a site change, now to increase basal I guess. 
Did not really love Transformers 2, FX are cool, story laughable terrrrible. It really is kinda bad 
@m4s Didn't Harris only just open at Suntec? I really liked them 
@ashianah sorry 4 being so late! Couldn't help it  Last day were together .. Really gonna miss ya!
@talkradiolive  they cut you off  Did we lose Mark too?
@Tricexbaby  I was knocked out I didn't feel good. Did you watch?  :-&quot; you know Stephen is @aidadoll 's type so is that who she gets?
@omgits_yu oh  Did Newkirk say that to you? D:
Ham and mushroom omelette for breakfast. Low calorie, low fat, high protein (keeps you full). Didn't really agree with my tummy though 
I was hoping for more from @majorlazer. Just poor lonely @diplo?  Did @therealswitch get stuck at the border? No hypeman? Lame. 
@LynJee hey! Didn't manage to go pedal shopping  but should be going someday soon, will let ya know ;) How's NZ?
@StripperTweets 'CRANKY'?! Oh oh, bad night? Did they not tip well?! 
@BugJemm Would love a third cat but the house is too small 
#Snapture 3.0 works great. But why is it so expensive  Would buy it for sure if it was a little cheaper.  #jailbreak
@BrownTowers Phenomenal show last night - such a clever finale (my lips are sealed of course) Didn't get to catch a frisbee though.. 
@sid88 oops. Did not see your tweet. Yea there are 2 of us and we are still looking. 
@ShapeThrower Didn't download Mass Effect Galaxy, in the end, despite my tweet to the contrary! Reviews are dismal!  #iphone
@theeppilepsyguy huh? Sorry.   Didn't mean to upset you.
took 1 sleeping pill last night at 815pm. Fast asleep by 9. Didn't wake till 11am. got to work for 12. Not feeling good at all. 
@JessieHr Does the farmer's market have produce now instead of just flowers? I should've gone yesterday. 
Didn't do t-tap this morning  pulled my back. Ugh.
My last tweet? Sorry for the misspell. Didn't proof read. 
Did I offend anyone? Forgive me as I have no common sense. I am a rude girl, sorry 
Studying CLE. Didn't do my English homework yet. Oh, and my computer homework is half way done. 
Didn't sleep until 6 AM. couldn't fall asleep 
@nettiedgreat Awwww. Did you like the rest? Seemed that we dogpiled on your fun for a while. 
So tired... Didn't fall asleep til after 6 AM 
Sigh. Just heard back from the comp via email. Didn't get the job. 
Um. I absolutely NEED to go shopping tonight. Necessary. Would anyone like to take me? Since I don't have any way out to Pomona 
Made a fool out of myself infront of a certain someone... Damn Didn't see much of joe today though 
Did Farrah really pass away? If so, how sad 
Starting addictive video games at midnight or one in the morning is not good. Didn't go to bed until three hours later. Tired 
Played Mafia wars in facebook. Didn't get anything 
@HellenBach  Sad  Did she marry at the end?
Didn't place in the Peeps contest but thanks for voting anyways. 
Didn't get my nap before, thinking I really need one now. Be back later, twitterpeeps. 
Fun sight: A biker got sandwiched bettwen two cars in high speed..Did he die?NO! he just stod up with his sigaret still firm in his moth! 
@amandadiva Facebook is such a trip! That's funny. Did you accept her friend request? 
Did You Know what is happening? - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUEhASXb8EM isa un kodoliga futuralogija 
I suppose I am now officially one of the Literati.  Does that give me smart points?
Umm. Did NOT see that one coming, lol ... 
@ruskin147 I have bought it as a one off at the moment to see what it is like  Wouldn't kick the gift subscription out of the mag rack!
@Majestic76 awwww... That's sweet of u 4wanting 2follow me.  i feel uh, like Jon. LoL. Did u get every single @ msg i sent to ppl 2?
Done with the last meeting. Didn't go as bad as I thought it would 
@acydrx I've never had Mexican coke, sugar in soda is delicious.  Also, didn't realize you were immortal. Did you give it mouth to mouth?
@JustinRyan Does your tricycle have a horn and little streamers on the handle bars? 
@Eveforhermcr_xx Did you like it? That movie looks way cute  I'm not bad, just in bed enjoying The Food Network 
@StarrGazr Remind me what happened in the World Series last year? Did Red Sox get there? 
just woke up from a really well deserved rest. Did push ups and time for a shower before giving Macky some loving time! 
Didn't eat Mango for a long time! I just ate two  YUM-O!
@balaarjunan @vasanthgvk @vkhater @anand_iyer @KevalPrabhu : Would love to reserve boost/setter position 
@MissxMarisa we should try too haha. Would be very popular. You can never have enough rebull or coffee 
@daveixd Insulting? Did *you* invent it? Now I know what to get you for your birthday: http://is.gd/rcf4 
@DjDATZ Yes. Didn't want another letter from that gamer dad and figured his kids wouldn't know German. 
@Maximilus You meant gang-friend, right? &quot;One more stone for your sling&quot; Did you do The River and the Source? 
@The_Prophet Perhaps...  Does it bode well for my apprenticeship application?
@AllanGoesDMB Did you drive to Mono Loco last night?  (I just read you actually got in -- lucky bastard  Why did they let us sign up if
@BransonPro Did it all in PHP 
Did I mention that I hate house hunting? Giving up on all things frustrating today and going to sit outside with a drink instead 
Finished Pat's Run  Didn't stop and walk &amp; didn't die. Overall, HUGE success!! 
Did you know- The wine industry generates 145,000  jobs in California.     Way to go!
@ShoEscape I love them too! Did you signup on ShoeHunting? You can save shoes and it will get posted to Twitter automatically  Fun!
#cpfc Arse v chelksi: Did anyone see that young arse fan crying really hard lool  http://tinyurl.com/djnoeg
@suecharlton Wow, Sue, you are the toppings queen!   Did you enjoy it?
@alessandrop65 Did u watch the Juve game? Did they play well? I'm a huge #juventus fan too 
57 mile ride to Fly TN, then a 5 mile run-followed by lots of good food (lots)!  Mowed when I got home. Did I mention eating lots of food 
@kaex88 Running in Eastie? Who was chasing you? That's my old 'hood! Lived there until I was 12. Did you get Santarpio's Pizza afterward? 
@MariaPerotti How was the Speakeasy?  Did you dress &quot;era appropriate&quot;? I saw the website and looked very nice  
@RobertPattz Did you eat sth really good?Sorry,i wanted to change some crazy words with you  but i am utterly out of order..its 1:00 am
@Anumta Does he cook and clean? I've been craving someone who cooks and cleans, because I certainly don't 
Did quite a bit of work for my mom today.  Organized her bills and such.  Tired and retiring early tonight.  
@Cathlinemarie How was it darling? Did you have lots and lots of fun for both of us?! 
@LihZee I love the Wonder Girls the most  Did you go to the 1st wonder concert?
Didn't sleep at all. Can't wait to come home and have a decent night of sleep. Now back to Korzo for some coffee  Come and join me
@ChadTEverson Well, congratulations-you still there?Did you tell anyone you were going &amp; be a celebrity?Nice to know one, anyway. 
Didn't blog, did sit and watch &quot;destroyed in seconds&quot; with Luka, top entertainment for boys of all ages 
@mavihs Me and 2 other friends. Cloths and Games mostly. Did lots of bargaining. 
@lyyyl Congrats on the graduation, Karen  Did you end up wearing your pink shoes?
@JameliaOfficial Did you enjoy Lemar?!  fab aint he and a fantastic guy at that too  x
On fanfictions, the greatest retort when one says &quot;F*ck you!&quot; is &quot;Didn't know you want to..&quot; XDDD &lt;-- WIN. 
@GStephanopoulos Did you notice the 'double pump' handshake Chavez attempted giving POB? Caught him by surprise 
@reed_bailey that 1 is cute  I haven't showed them to ne1 yet; I'm just hoping ur AJ &amp; me turned out ~good~ Did you get my email?
@Wossy  Would of bin unfortinate if you didnt wossy! 
@VieWinery I looked for you in the Nicholson t/r. Didn't know you are the caveman  When we see a bus we always leave. Thanks for offer!
@easyantic Oh nice. Did you do it yourself? And if so.. is the linoleum pattern straight and in line? 
@anz_rocks LOL aww... Celebrate earlier!! Did you get loads of complitments on your hair and how gorgeous you looked? 
@GeminiTwisted Why are people trippin'?  Did I miss something?  what about signing Da General....he IS Da General. 
@mrskutcher Would love to here what you think of this music video  http://tinyurl.com/d2wfrk
@ScarlettAshes Okay, I'll post them at my lj as soon as I get a chance.  Did you enjoy postsecret today?
@dcorsetto Lol! Does that happen often? If you didn't like the way your floors looked that could be a cheap fix 
@Leabella Does he eat doggie Tweets? ROTF! u good! 
@JessicaSain Did you know that Kevin Rudd is actually following you as well? 
@CharonneHolder Morning lovely how ru we didn't get the chance 2 catch up again at NSR...Did everything go ok? Give my love 2 Henka 
@ashleymoran Hey ash.. Did get your dm, you didn't get my reply - freaky :S sos - was already home by then. Next time! 
#flylady DS9 has now surfaced  Did WHB yesterday, am fighting Paper Tiger this morning - and winning! LOL Setting timer for another 15 min
@tzunder Mee too. Did a shed load over the weekend. Sorting out the lawn this week 
@Joe_Librarian Did you get your stew yesterday? ;-) So exactly where is this whippet kenneled!!  
where can i get new letters for laptop keys that won't rub off? Would be nice to take the guess work out of typing 
@qwghlm Hey, sorry we lost you in Electric Showrooms. Did you have a good ight in the end? Have some great pics from the nighy 
@MJFredrick Does it help that I'm up about 2 hours earlier than normal? 
Did you know you can think about what you're thinking? (and you can even think about thinking about thinking)  COOL.
Did some more writing today... really enjoying getting stuck in, and had a chat to someone about a Publisher, which was nicccce 
@t0mf Oh well....  Anyways, Hows London? ;-D Did you get the Olympic T-shirt for a souvenir?
@TessMorris I had to look up what ricoh was then  hope robbie Williams doesn't turn up. Would ruin it.
Just tryin' to figure out how to use this. Could someone help me PLEASE? Thank you. 
@muser74 yay Fraser!  Did Linky-dink play too ? 
@ittykat - it was good. Did a fair bit of silk spinning. Knitting+sci-fi sounds good  What did you watch?
@teamwinnipeg Hi Gerry. Didn't give u a followfriday rec - we actually don't follow each other. Didn't want u 2miss thankg right person. 
Lol night owls maybe? HAHAHAHA!!!!! Couldn't  resist...sorry....   ~EmJ~
@Newbread I'm Welcome!?!?  Did u see the twitpic of the drink? That was all for u
i have to ask this . Does anbody see the link between Newton, Davinci, Einstein.... and me?  its a triangle of light ... man
@jimmyliew That is true. Would be kamikaze, stand somewhere until ppl catch you - the streams will already be LIVE tho 
@Befabulousorg bet you could burn double if you went for Metallica instead.  Would strengthen the neck muscles too. 
@Trina_Lawrence What did you eat? Did those two pesky kids chew on your house again? I for one see being eaten as appropriate punishment 
@petsalive Have an awesome day, thinking of you all! Did you have your coffee! Looking forward to pictures 
@Mandama004 Specifically? I'd say 2010  We got business to take care of here first! Can we crash at your place?
Did quite a bit of shopping today and had a lovely lunch at COCO'S and not forgetting a cheeky cocktail haven't had one for ages 
@JimandKelly Hi there. Did you draw that little avatar you have? You make such a cute couple. 
@bevclemente morning  left at 9:30. Glad u're ok haha. Did u go to the gym this morning? I'm so lazy and it looks hot outside :S
@geoffreywolter Hit me up if you've got any questions, I'm usually around. Would be glad to help 
Didn't plan on going anywhere but when food calls, I must answer. Now I'm back home and in the bed. Good Nite 
@xamylouise Awh~ -- Doesn't matter. Yusssssss. 
Hmm..heard tht Hoboken wuz a good time. Didn't knw there were so many spots out there 2 get dwn @ tho.. Good timez were hadd 
@nijumohan Did you get your source registered..? I tried making one. Use source as millionclues and see what happens  #kukku
@freitasm What happened to the GZ favicon? Did Microsoft sponsor the new one? 
@erNIN Didn't see Tacos' gate open. Just happened to be ACCF'ing it tonite. Maybe another day if you still play. 
@jun6lee that's just beautiful! Did u make that up urself? lovely. Thx! 
Loving my new black hair! Did a cute hair do today. Baby's listen to gwary music... 
Sinner's Den design: colored. Would love suggestions/feedback. Thanks much!  http://twitpic.com/4h15f
@bensummers Sorry. But trust me, you don't want the details. Did you see my latest work blog post? 
@Heatherono yes! we do need to meet. gnna come to macnhestaaaa in the summerrrr lovely=] go shopping=] ILY  Did you poke her in the eye?x
@NadiaNV oh 4 real? When will it be shown? Would love to check that out....Congrats on getting that gig! 
@Tekee Whoa...what's this about an eye?  Did you get into a fight at the organic markget or something?  
@McCartneyBoyd Did you leave a blue umbrella in my car when we went to Columbia? If so..THANK YOU. Came in handy this morning. 
@sasbel Aye i`m so pleased  Did you win ?
@HollyFirfer I LOVED morocco!  Would love to hear all about ur trip...we need to catch up 
@frandrescher How nice that you hung out with Charles Shaughnessy yesterday. Did it remind you about good times? 
@wendilynnmakeup Hi Wendi! Are you enjoying your weekend? Did you have much fun yesterday? Thanks for all the pics 
just got back from the cricket. Wow! Had an absolute blast... Did you see me on TV??? Hahaha... Am so wanting to go to another game. 
HOLY CRAP.. Some actually liked my house! Didn't realize yesterdays showing was a return buyer taking a second look! could be good sign! 
@Kalikoo Larry!! Did you get my fb msg??? lol write back hunny!! 
I make soup. Does stove no favors  @artistatlarge At least the stove is clean (I like to clean when I get depressed).
So, I am looking forward to Transformers... Does that make me a geek? 
@kehale B BAKES? Does he do sourdough? Can we send in our orders through Twitter?    How are you?
@drew_miller Did you forget you no longer live in Texas  There is no 1. good bbq and 2. good steak.
@mandymboddy I AGREE!!!    Ps-Did I see you moving in today?
@JohnInGZ Guangzhou is awesome (mainly b/c my friend @lonniehodge is KING there).  Did u also see NYT article on GZ? http://bit.ly/aeBbt
@fakerpattz Aww Im Sorry If U Were Here, Or Close I Would Have Invited You! 
Not really tired but have to get up EARLY for conf call and blood work. 2 yo not wanting to sleep either. Could be the tweeting though. 
Did millions of quizzes on Facebook...hey, at least I got my homework done! 
@KeepinUpWKris Does Kylie have a twitter? xoMercedesMorganxo 
@Rosie21 Did you txt me that? I got a similar txt and I don't know who it's from xD Thanksss  xxx
@JuwalBose oops, eldhose bhai uploaded the same too, Did you read the hindu's article on BarCamp? Binny rocks man 
@talktomikesmith yep. but  what does it mean?!  Would you think outside the box to make name very clear what exactly is wrapped and why
@HollaAtK Hey  Did you have a good weekend buddy?
@iaindodsworth Told you that when you got rid of the last one. Did you listen 
@FizzyDuck Would you believe I have put that in my bookmarks ? 
@dbdc Meant to ask how did the other night go? Did you enjoy the fight...did yas have an all-nighter? 
@Marvel - Does the 1st show count? That would be the midnight show Thurs night/Fri morning 
@RobertPattz Bonjour.. Did you sleep well? 
@jsie We got out there and the cafe was booked solid. LOL Doesn't matter - Mum got some plants anyway. 
@Gilamuffin Sounds like a good time, very nice of you.  Did you see him, when he played at the Rio or Aladdin? I've seen him live, 3 times
Didn't meet Rosie O Donnell but it was still a fun night 
@mandiengram Ha! Did she find out? The only thing Google came up with was some database acronym and &quot;dibbs&quot; on the front seat aka shotgun 
Did you know call of duty has a scenario game called &quot;Nazi zombies?&quot; it's awesome and scary at the same time 
@Tiaantjee BTW: Does it offend you, yeah? - We are rockstars. Pretty ok. 
@jmlares Awake. Suprisingly. Couldn't get to sleep last night so gave up and pulled an all-nighter.  How are you?
@gustaf_nk Wouldn't call that cool or dangerous. Reckon it fits into the stupid category 
@Shanise2009 - Did you at least get breakfast in bed? 
@markpajackson Ill bet he did  Did you get his? He was worried no one would...
Argh! First exam tomorrow! Not fun. Should be revising really but I'm going to go for a nice evening drive in country instead 
@SCMcDonnell Didn't you see about 5 of us posted it at the same time?  It was just funny.  Thanks for putting it out there.  Love SNL 
@gschan hey hey hey look how many tweets I am away from 5k!!!! Did I do that in a week??? Holy moley! I should so do this for a living. 
@SteveTerada you didn't let Ryan touch it?? and yeah... that sounded a little.......... YEAH. Did you get your nails done, too?? 
@camonrye Dunno. I've got a pretty weird sense of humour - poss not as dark as urs, based on ur tweets!  Did like DMV comment though.
Quote of the Day:*sees dad walk in from work* &quot;Dad! You came home from the war! Did ya shoot a Nazi?&quot;  - me
@evewarrior Aye, didn't realize my LAR2 wasn't on (even though I did click on it). Didn't have enough time to warp out 
Breaking News! - I've crossed a new threshold in my weight loss journey. What? Did you think I'd TELL you? You're crazy! Night night! 
@taylorswift13 Hahaha  Did you remember it?
@DavidArchie Did you like your Barong tagalog and the bahay kubo and the tree in a bottle thingy?? 
@latashaboyd Oh ok, i knew you wouldn't, just thought maybe you were on a delay like with mine  Did u speak to him? he never text me back
@TiphTiph I'm fine.  Did a crazy dip last night and a back muscle went, quote, &quot;sproing&quot;. But ice and a good night's sleep worked OK.
@patroclus Forgot to say yesterday, those biz cards are great! Didn't realise they'd come in a nice little black case  Thanks!
@kataleifsdottir Would have to agree with ya there! Some gr8 tunes happening on ur ipod 2day 
@rubyelectric Korean housewives?!? Dang thats awesome  Did you play Mirrors from a CD or did you like sing it to them - Rudi
@jrbink aw shuck  Thx. U having fun with ur friends tonight? Did u have a drink for me?
Well, I am really off to bed. Didn't get much sleep last night &amp; I had a long day today. Good night/morning/evening/day/midday twits! 
@alex_stGeorge I'm fine thanks, just helping mum out in the kitchen  Did you watch Eurovision yesterday??
Glad I decided not to go for a run as I would have got soaked. Did a workout at home instead. Endorphins are great 
@rpgblog2 Wow - thanks! Glad you liked the Ancient Academy map.   Did you post your entry someplace yet?
@directassist @directassist  How's is you today  Did you see my 'Were you born to Sparkle?' on your squiffy new image www.betternetwor ...
Didn't do so hot.  Off to babysit!    Then maybe I'll finally get to some Band of Brothers w/surround sound   #bestdayofmylife
@Sky_Bluez &quot; can't believe I got to talk to him&quot; Did you discuss politics?  Never mind.  We've had this talk before, right?  
@MagdaS oh thank you!! that's sweet of you. Did you see my drunken hubby at the Cat Club thursday? he could've shown you pix of him 
@Dr_Dude Did you do the pics at Q's wedding?!!! Have fun on the beach! 
Didn't know how prolific cherry tomato plants were; got 10.  Stepmom whooped w laughter, says will be enuf for me &amp; all my friends. Cool! 
Hopped up out tha beeeeed:::turn my swagg ooooooon!! LOL; but seriously I Did. Ready 2 celebrate Bradyn's arrival...he'll be here soon! 
@theradiatorsffg - The prize was to have your fave FF5 member follow you on Twitter.  Only 2 more days!! Did you pre-order? #familyforce5
@theradiatorsff5- the prize was to have your fave FF5 member follow you on Twitter  Only 2 more days!!! Did you preorder? #familyforce5
@JackSlaterrrr Doesn't it just! i love you 
@Rajbir Not yet,  anyway  Did you see my pikchurr?
@DannyMcfly should have recorded the green day singing! Would have given me something to listen to! 
@JoelMadden Haha! Thats just too funny.  The baby is ignoring his big sis!  lol Did you watch the other baby videos too?  Cute! 
@nicholaaaas Ya welcome!!! Did you peep the site yet? I copped a few T-Shirts from there too. 
Spending time with the family. Listening to Lady Gaga! Didn't know she was that good...learn something new everyday! 
@Snarky_A Would you like to come over to my igloo... er, house?  
@CommonBlood Ooh, good luck!  You'll ace it, I'm sure. Didn't you say you're doing six early or something?!
Haaa Haaaa Megaannn Youur Sooo Funnnnyyy !  When Youuu Said Youu Weree Gunnaa say Comeee To Scotland Like 10 Timees Youu Rely Did Meen it
Did u know, the US is the fattest country in the world? How sad...for us Amercians. Get off you lazy a** and do some excersise. 
@MandyWilton Would you be happy to discuss weekend's course with someone who didn't make it? That's me 
@PRmomHawaii Doesn't it make you want to get married again?  Who's wedding?  Wish we could have made it to yours... 
Did as much english homework as i could. Still got history but im saving it for tomorrow morning. Watching family guy 
@PinkM Doesn't sound as colorful as I'd imagined... luminous green orange white black brown and of course, pink 
Did u know that the Turks did NOT originally come from Turkey?! Just thinkn abt this in Istanbul 
@iheartbeans Thank you hon  Did my first BP in a while yesterday, after illness. My WORD that hurt!
@TheOlifants Meow!  Ff checken of je mn mail hebt gekregen... Did you?
@donniewahlberg Are ya still alive?? Did ya have blast?? Next cruise in Europe, right?? 
@mamasyl If you weren't flying I'd say swing thru NYC on the way back  BTW Did You go riding with Mark and Moose?
@gregoryheller I also wanted to ask you about co-working spaces in Seattle -- Would you recommend any 
@AntonyMarcano Boy you're smiley today. Did nobody tell you it's a monday?  And yes, that tweet.
@Chris_Lane How was Brighton?! Did you get your fill of fish &amp; chips? I went home with a bag of candy floss bigger than my head 
@michaelmagical Sorry i think i missed somethin'...Didn't know you needed help holding up ya knickers!!! Do i dare ask why? 
@kielix I'm thinking about it, trying to see if I have available funds and perhaps a place to crash. Would love to come see you, too. 
@Thehodge Does the catapult addon feature an actual catapult? Otherwise I agree with @cbetta: Lame! 
@MissKemi How are you? Did you have a nice weekend? Saw was creepy? 
I am going to explore poole with a guy from Dudley!! Would rather be swimming with manitees 
@Timberly_Gray Hey hey, how are you? Didn't know you had Twitter, lol. I totally saw you on the way to school this morning 
Didn't know that smartway buses had Internet connectivity. Cool 
@tessajames01 Heyy! how r u ?? Did u have a good time at the party the other nite?? hope ur well  x
@Borreh Didn't expect otherwise. Cheers! 
@wendireed thank you for the prayers. Sorry it took me so long to update! Didn't realize how long it was taking to go through everything 
@donniewahlberg Mornin! Did you see?? OVER 60 k tyvm  ...so...you owe us a contest ;) hahaha (what? I gotta do what I gotta do man! lmao)
 @AuroraLee Would love to see you guys sometime! *grin* - and aw rats, maybe it'll warm up real fast??? LOL
Has anyone seen/played http://www.travian.co.uk/ ?? Is it any good? Would you recommend it? Cheers! 
@merry_m Where'd ya go?! HAHAHA! =D Did you mean the voice message as in a link to it or something or my tweets about it? 
@operian Did u meet with Phoenix?? Whats its status??  
@elliothaughin: &quot;You are what you tweet.&quot; Did you make that up? If so it's gold 
Shared the complimentary shoofly pie from @visitPA with @fndr70. Delicious! Didn't know what I'd been missing 
Did 5 miles at McAlpine this morning. Let's just say that my legs came unwillingly. 
@lakisha024 lol. It was just a hashtag game. Didn't wanna leave you out seeing as I looove your tweets. Nothin major 
@willingthrall lol, no, there's only 4 of us here and this is the 'top'. Would like to transfer to the self-employed dept 1sweet day. 
@quelquefois Just started work in the area. Didn't buy pretzels, altho I did get Ruth's homemade granola bars. 
Swore I wouldn't, but did anyway   Did a search on Carzone for similar cars, and I'm pleased that I still got a good deal.
@aTexasAttitude  I think everyone deserves to be happy!   Did you decide to go back to the office? How is life in the hill Country?
Did everyone else know Family Force 5 had a new album??? Listening to it right now. So great! And humorous 
@DominaCaffeine Hee, love that I'm-awake-no-really thing. Did you tell him if he gets up sooner I'll be there sooner? 
Did the regular paperwork *** off to preparing for EMI musicvideo this weekend *** Meeting for Universal musicvideo later today 
Did I say 20 Million miles ARGH of course that's not true !  I need a rest  Oh yes I'm on holiday next week.
@Saz_xox Ahaha lol  Did it hurt?
@drewm wow, sounds neat. Would be interested to see a write up on that when you're done. 
Didn't know that Jimmy Kimmel was a @umairh fan : good beats evil etc.  http://bit.ly/tlbqD
Must read: http://bit.ly/1mP8s #grails #whygrails BTW. Did I mention we are hiring? 
@DavidArchie Hahah! Awwe David  Did he know who you were? hahah!
@speedyian oh so you finished the Leaving? Didn't even know it was over! So how'd it go? I'm looking to win the FantasyFooty this wkend 
@MomsOriginals FABULOUS! Didn't give an answer yet, think we have a meeting today to &quot;discuss&quot;  How was the game? Sorry about your loss ;)
Just checking through the stores inventory to make sure there is nothing missing. Wouldn't want you to struggle finding anything 
@Keightybaby Would love to hear it! I am SO sore this morning 
@TherealNihal have yet to try the banana cake, am i big fan of carrot cake though.  Would you recommend the banana cake 
@Trish1981 how is my favorite Trish doing???   Did you get the margarita maker and then invite me over???
@Suntimes Does hitting sidewalk sale at Kenosha outlets count as big plans? 
@eMarketingVA Did you mean bear feet or bare feet?  Fluffy or not? 
@onehipmama My GOD!  Did the EMT arrive with a quad latte and chocolate in hand? 
@xIzbizx Didn't see you there Izzy  How ya doing?
@terraM WORD! If I can get it, it's MINE. Doesn't matter if you put a lid on it, put it behind a cabinet, or kept it behind a closed door 
@mikedoe You're such a doll! Thanks for the #followfriday recommendation  Did you enjoy the American Idol ones I sent?
@VeggieGrill Does it have caffeine? Is it refillable? 
@bngr  A brown car though? Wouldn't be one of my favourite colours 
@Lilliannna Would you really like to learn? One day this week you should stop by, I'll teach you how to/ cook for you. it'll be fun! 
@hannahlane1436 AMEN! You can and just did.  Did you call Holland?
@hullabalootion Aww... Where did you get yours from? Did you see the Showbiz vinyl? 
@b0redmel You got a pic with Richard?, thats great  can't wait to see it. Did you pet him?.. lol stalking is fun
CMPA all day tomorrow!  Didn't do a thing tonight! Whoopsies!  
Did I mention it really is painful being here and not there? Because it really is. And I'm pretty sure I'm having sympathy contractions. 
@thelandofnod loving this diaper bag and travel set. Stylish and practical. Would love it for the new baby http://is.gd/GWUV
@AlyandtheCity: Hey, at least you've got &quot;anchor&quot; hair. Did you sign a photo release? LOL 
@eddyizm Why the  ? Would you like a cookie? cookies = 
@mrskutcher saw your daughter, Rumor, on an episode of Medium I had DVR'd last night. She was great! Would love to her more often 
Demo of Holy Invasion of Privacy, Badman!: What Did I Do to Deserve This? is definitely awesome. NIS has done it again. 
It's after midnight and it has been a loooooong day. Did I mention my kid's out of school now?  Whew-Why can't I have that kind of energy?
I love how non-chalant &amp; blunt Tony Montana was! Didn't give a f*#! what nobody had to say, spoke how he felt... Funny too 
@kimhelbling Did Greg introduce you to them? He's trying to get me hooked on them too! haha! And I hope your interview goes well. 
Did buns &amp; thighs, arms &amp; shoulders and waist. And no, I don't have weights so yes, I used Chef Boyardee cans for the arm portion 
Did I not tweet all night?  Creepy.  
Did you enjoy my dance battle with Sex? Even if you hated it, send me a tweet  #sytycd
@LiZAmtl Did someone really get a Jordan reply? LOL 
@Vosty Wooorrmmmmiiiiee!! **clapping in delight** Did i miss you this morning? yes I did. **pout** Catch you when you're back online! 
@iboy Yeah, it's a bit daft - bing it... hmm... Did M$ use a bunch of 5 year olds as their focus group?  http://www.decisionengine.com/
@jodinescorner  thank you Jodine. How are you tonight? Did I ever send you the EP?
@AvaAlcantara Hi ava! Did u join the jb live chat? 
Did i mention it was an awesome day?  Saw a lot of cool ppl, broke two electronic devices, played vb and tennis, made some jokes. Night!
@sanasaleem   yeah its idiotic,  Did you watch the videos, Arundhati Roy made valid points
What tattoo should I get..... Maybe something like THIS?  Didn't cost too much either!  http://twitpic.com/667mk
@JeromeGotangco Doesn't have to be FOSS at this point. Just reliable and free. 
@SEGA Did my direct message test get to you? 
