Most common words for this cluster:
[('did', 180), ('time', 31), ('today', 28), ('night', 21), ('day', 19), ('tomorrow', 16), ('work', 14), ('morning', 12), ('u', 12), ('something', 11), ('amp', 11), ('home', 9)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Did', 0.9998425245285034), (u'Does', 0.7875814437866211), (u'Would', 0.7538233399391174), (u'Could', 0.736794650554657), (u'Can', 0.7345533967018127), (u'Do', 0.7267288565635681), (u'Why', 0.6718664169311523), (u'Should', 0.665141224861145), (u"How'd", 0.6463059782981873), (u'How', 0.6342217326164246)]





Didn't sleep too bad considering I have a workshop starting today. Beginnings of a sore throat though 
Really cold and miserable morning. Didn't get a workout in last night or this morning, this sucks 
@macknick Yes I do tweet back a lot but wonder why you don't respond. Did you delete your facebook account too? 
@ruthy23 Did get some time until daughter &amp; baby moved in as mum goes to bed around 8.00pm. Now hardly ever unless very late at night 
@krizzz Was only there for a day   Didn't make it to any comedy clubs.  Next time!
Did absolutely nothing tonight after four full days of studying and writing exams...but alas tommorow holds another full day of studying 
@mChat2k6 yep, just spent my whole time venting to someone. Didn't get much accomplished 
@AdaLam I only bought two things today how strong am I!! Didn't buy the necklace 
@njslaughter have you cleaned out your followers yet? Did I make it? lol Just kidding. have a good night.um.(looks @ clock) good morning? 
they closed the library, all thanks to that swine flu.  Did I ever mention we have to report an hour earlier at the exam hall! PFFFT!
So I heard the nuggets game was awesome. Did anybody tape it? I want to watch at least one game. 
Haha i feel good. Did this really cute display at work. I wanna do something after wish my aCoribear wasn't babysitting.  ily
Did we just have a earthquake?! I felt a quick, strong push... I think all of the recent quake flurries are mounting to something 
Did we just have an earthquake? I felt a quick, strong push... all of these quake flurries must be mounting to something big... 
Just come back inside from putting another cover on my pony, Did my creepy alien walk past the window but nobody noticed  Spagbol for me
Did everyone go to bed or something?  Or is everyone out there taking advantage of the final hour of hump day without me? 
Did you forget everything we ever had? Did you forget about me? Did you forget about US? 
@kissability ... 11 year old girls who were dating 19 year olds! Didn't their parents teach them common sense? The rest is just sad 
has a head cold. Didn't have enough sense to come in out of the rain last night. 
@yaykimo im sorry  i wish they'd spend like 3-5 mins with each person. Did the people at the end of the line get a lot of time? Since  ...
Didn't get any rain today   but tomorrow is looking promising, keep your fingers crossed-my lawn and plants could use the wetness
Did some proper exercise for the first time in a while, yesterday. \o/ Muscles all aching today because of that 
Didn't miss tha bus today! On my way home 
At work. Still need to get my coffee. Out of smokes.  Didn't wake up in time to go buy more.
@SammiAhoy KFTW's not home  Did you find out if tomorrow is okay for me to come round?
Didn't finish everything I wanted to finish before leaving for chicago tomorrow...looks like the laptop and client files are coming with 
@cath_ster mornin! Did u ever fix ur sound problem? I forgot to ask  how was ur weekend?
@Dublins98Dave @dermotwhelan Didn't @sibhdublins98 promise to tweet more? What happened? Do the listeners mean that little       ;)
@LondonEater My father mused with idea of a terrapin pond entirely separate to his 7000 gallon koi pond/stream/waterfall. Didn't happen 
Did a little work on the web site, much less than I had hoped.Lots of interruptions   best laid plans of mice and men.More work tomorrow.
Arrggghhh...dang post office.  Did not get the package in yet, may have to wait until tomorrow 
Stars and Sons was hard to review. Didn't grab me instantly this morning so will have to delay the review to a 2nd listening tomorrow 
@MaryleeFOD I am so sorry I missed your tweet  I was on a nice long chat across the border with pastel. Did you want the recipe? email?
Waiting for the dang pizza to cook. It's almost 9 and we still have not eaten wifey fail. Did I mention I feel like crap 
It's funny cuz u can't delete iphone tweets. Did I mention @castle03 has a tiny cock? He sent me pics 
Did something I'm gonna regret for life today... 
Didn't get a tan today  was chilly so had to wear a hoodie all day  i know.. call me weird.. i get it all the time (N) but i was cold 
Thanks for the good luck wishes/speedy vibes. Didn't make my goal  but beat last year's time (23:47 5k). It was a fun race, though!
@sweetu4ria The kids are playing t ball with hubby and I am cleaning the house  Did get 2 work out this am. What about u?
Did a race today - another one tomorrow. lots of travel 
Didn't know ppl could turn something sooo fun into a chore, geeezzzz, it's not that serious, im just in a pissy mood today 
@maryag  Those are so horrible to hold   And in turn poor holdability = shaky picture  Did you at least get a decent price on it?
So at the airport way early. Didn't know when we could get off the ship so booked our flight for the afternoon. long day. 
@beckyainsley shitty    How was last night?  Did I miss a shit show?
@tampaxofdoom  Is right. And my skin looks like crap today. Didn't look after it this weekend.
@Bearpiglett way too much!! Did u find my sunglasses in ur car I've lost then 
Didn't take long for today to start sucking; upset stomach kept me up all night and I bent  the hell out of my glasses this morning. 
Oh boy. Did not sleep well. Or at all in fact  gonna be a long day!
Did everyone I know in la go to the jigga/em show tonight except me? And how come I only heard about it this weekend? Wow I suck 
Spending my last bit of time with my babe  ... Did I mention the number 8 is hot to me?
So... The sun is shining and I am in an office with no windows... Did I do something wrong in life???? Someone rescue me 
Didn't get to go to shops. Instead had to rush home and plug in equipment for testes on my unstable broadband  I wanted to bask in sun.X
 PRAYER REQUEST: wife's grandfather - married 75 yrs. - dead at 95. Didn't have chance to rcvd Last Rights #tcot #catholic 
I want 2 kno where my default pic went? Did some1 steal my picture? Its been missing since yesterday!  @twitter
@QDEEZY215 awww man that was kinda sad.  Until the end. That was unexpected. Did he say he has a penis on his stomach?
Didn't get a chance to read  must sleep early start tomorrow so night night
I am so lame.... It's 8 pm and I'm in bed  ....how did this happen?? Didn't I have a life at one point??  I need chocolate....
Didn't leave a tweet today...... No baby this week  need to wait one more week  Has to be a beautiful girl )) I'm so excited
Did anyone hear the rain &amp; thunder last night ?? 
So sleeeeepyy. Didn't sleep till 4.  not going to school till 5th period. I had a weird dream hahaha
@Woth2982 LOL. Did twitter go down at all?  There is like a two hour gap and no show info. 
I got paid holiday pay and I wasn't even here! Didn't even put it on my time card I said something to someone else who didn't, feel bad. 
Is this a joke? Did anyone watch my new video? It doesn't even have 350 views  Now I'm super bummed! http://tinyurl.com/shakeit111
busy at work today.  Didn't eat lunch until 3 pm.  
thinks she lost her camera at Phebes.  Didn't get to upload the pics of her students at the special olympics or the tasty wings...
Didn't cry at all today. Didn't even have the urge. Going to miss Kyrstie 
@AppleMHD hey girl hey!! Did u have an awesome day?? I did. But I'm sun burned. 
ok off to figure out the damge done today. Did good at restaurant, then blew it when alone with hubby due to stress of the day...  
I postponed the wash and protein treatment until tomorrow. I was too tired to do it yesterday. Didn't have much time either 
I'm freezing. Did I dream I was sweltering to death this time last week? &amp; I was worrying about my wildflowers not having enough moisture 
@VARSITYFC When does the new merchandise go up? Did I miss it? 
@KaylaLeee omg why not??? Did that friend have a bit of a greedy moment or something !!!! 
Up &amp; at em! Didn't go to church, mom said i was sick and shouldn't go. What are the chances of getting sick just when the holidays start? 
Did have time to go buy cards... probably tomorrow 
Didn't get to hang wit his buddy.  but that party last night was pretty good. Congrats 09
I wud let my hair grow longer (i rather it longer) but it would look a mess while its growing  Did anyone ever here of bebo?i jus did der!
How is everyone? I havent heard from a lot of you in a while. Did I do something wrong?  I cant wait for u all to hear our new record.
@AmazingAoife I was at the house, I've got the effing flu and no money  Did ya have a good time last nigt?
@3vn that sounds terrible.  stupid facebook. I wanna see your pictures! Did j.c. give you my number?
Didn't get the job at Blackborder, which is sort of a relief.  I don't have time for a real job and a fun job.  
@benshephard I need more sleep! Did race 4 life yesterday on 2 his sleep, had a bbq last nite..way too tired to go to work 
Did I tell ya that I had a dog named sugar? And a cat named spice? Lol sugar died 3 yrs ago... That was my baby 
@bigbadkate fantastic game - won by 12 or so in the end. Did have to negotiate centre for a quarter tho - bad times! 
Morning, morning! Did you make the most of the sunshine this weekend? We're waiting for the thunderstorms 
Didn't unmount the iphone this morning and none of my third party apps are working  annoying
Did not code at all this weekend.  I did though finally play dead space. It's a fun game.
Did a quick hearing test at work last week, simple tone generation. I can't hear above 16.5khz, @stvm4y peaked at around 18k. 
@kirstiecat Didn't think you had forgotten but I've got mails from weeks ago that need replies, and so busy again today, need more time 
@SLVHealthDept Did that work then? It's been doing that to me every time I open it since the &quot;upgrade&quot;. 
@suggasugga hey girl, whats up? Did you get us a sweet ass room yet? I foot know what is going on with the cruise. No one has told me yet 
@yoitsvanessa yeah I would be so scared. Did u guys see lots when u were walking?  I have to walk by myself tmrw   oh what time ru goi ...
I'm sooooooooooo gonna feel this workout in the am!!!!   Did damn near 20 laps.. on top of the workout.  
I'm home from northpoint with sis. Didn't buy anything but got a free meal from my sis at kfc. Not nice because it makes my throat worse. 
Didn't hit my level goal today due to various reasons. Going to have to work double time tomorrow  I'm supposed to hit 60 tomorrow night..
@vRITHNER Ah, now found it http://tinyurl.com/o6a32j. Didn't show up in a #bing search!  Looks nice though, so I'll try it.
Just saw a baby fox trotting right down the middle of our road calm as could be. Did I have a camera? Of course not. 
@skillman I tried that to get the early bird price for the folk fest after forgetting to order before midnight. Didn't work 
Didn't make that money   Let's hope that tomorrow works out.  Did burn a few calories today though...
The hotel we're staying at tonight is actually really nice! Didn't have time to go swimming, tho 
Did my poetry reading at kevro's tonight even though none of my friends were watching 
@iammelodious sorry only just saw this..Did look up my cool cheap amsterdam accom but they have closed down. was run by family near us. 
@the_fool_monty I didn't. Didn't have time.  I think I am going to take the hubby there.
@maggz ...Its pretty annoying when I get those aches but if you're getting those constantly, that's gotta suck.  Did ya finally go back?
@Kelly208 I'm a little jealous myself.  Didn't sleep too well last night and the dog stole my blanket in the middle of the night too. 
Did not work out this morning...I need to get a routine go with this no running thing  I dont like it sam I am....not one little bit!
Hamstring knotted up running sprints at the track. Did it hurt, yes. Two thumbs down and a frowny face 
Didn't get to enjoy lunch w/ @AnnMHarvey duet to this job search grind &amp; now I'm eatin oven popcorn chicken that tastes like freezer 
Did somebody stop time? 6 o'clock has never seemed this far away 
Did anyone have issues with their 360 ghostbusters flight suit code not working?  #xbox #ghostbusters
Early meetings today and full day in 100ps. Didn't handle my diet very well yesterday and ended up with 19.4 blood sugar this morning 
Just had a bumblebee fly into the house.  Didn't look very well at all   Helped it find its way out again.
@martinsmith how was doves mate? Did you have a good time? Last day of holiday today 
no cream tea  bad times! Did have a yummy mozzarella and chorizo baguette tho!
@kayla_maynard  yeah, it doesn't send me some of yours sometimes!  but good!!! Did you bleech ur hair though?
@_AlexaJordan  *cuddles*  Did someone not get the right permits or something???
Didn't get to ride tonight because of a massive T-storm   I have some make up work to do tomorrow!
Starting to part out my car some more. Didn't think selling my parts would be so hard emotionally. I'm gonna miss my lumpy 500whp power. 
Didn't have a good day  feeling kinda sad.
@DaliaKuwatly we're such a pig dil... Did u know I ate 3 slices of cake n a bunch of sushissss tday for lunch  sad faceeee!!!
Did 3 mi run while kids in taekwondo. On 3rd mile garmin 405 switched to clock for some reason and could not get back to training mode. 
@cg2045 oh sorry. I forget a lot of things.  Did you check out the webpage? 
8 years since that horrible back surgery... Did it help?I have no idea but it sure made me stronger... but why does my back still hurt? 
I've just been GoogleStreetCar'd outside my house. Didn't get my best side 
@_kirsty123 aw mush hope u feel beta soon  How was it though? Did it all go ok? were u on the bar? xxx
Didn't get to live-blog this morning's #musicedweek opening session b/c there was no wireless available in the conference room  #menc09
Didn't get good sleep. I ate to much for dinner, and felt sick for about a hour trying to fall asleep.  I smell breakfast so it's all good
@mikehaydon oh shoot! Didn't wanna scare tweeps  that's why I landed those Asian gangster acting gigs! LOL!
@susankildahl I missed the party last night   Didn't get home from work until after 7 pm and I was toast.  How'd it go?
Didn't get to sleep in more.  oh dang, fathers day tomorrow?! I'm tiredddd
@CurvyScarlette ohh ok yeh I remember seein ginger on th cover. Didn't get to see inside tho. 
Did anybody have a new problem of iphone 3g's quick discharge with os 3.0? It takes less than 1 day to switch off for my iphone  #trackle
@mr_maxB Did you eat chicken sticks? Don't make me sad 
Heading home now.  Did some autofocusing and knocked out some stuff at work today, but I didn't really get any thesis stuff done. 
@mindykaling  Did you also say, &quot;Ryannnnnnnnn&quot;  ?    @KalynM yeah man, their whole story is so tragic.  
On the way back from manchester! Didn't buy a lot!  bits &amp; bob for the leavers do &amp; for the party!
Wondering what the day will bring. So much planning to do and such little time it seems. Did I mention the dog ate the facecharts for art 
For those who care, yes, it is possible to wander around new look in wood green and return within the hour. Didn't have the shoes though 
Didn't realize my physics homework was due tonight until...tonight; got it in pretty quick, but it i missed robotics today b/c of it 
@letoyaluckett mane look. On hold foreva &amp; I think they got my social sec # &amp; my blood type. Didn't even get 2 ask u my two questions. 
totally had no time for twitter today  Didn't even really get a chance to get on the computer until about now  Early mornings are my fav
there were so many mosquitoes in our bedroom last night, I completely freaked out. Didn't sleep until around 4am,slept through my alarm 
Morning...Didn't sleep much at all last night...its gonna be a long day 
@L0veL1sa Did you manage to get rid of him?? He is blocking up my home page with crap 
Ugh. Did mosquitos feast on my face while I was asleep? Or has time reversed and am I just 13 again? This thing is enormous... 
Did everyone know that Cheeks was at the forum last night? I DIDN'T! 
@mrsstaratkins at work till 4:30    then goin straight home to get some sleep. Didn't get a good sleep all week!
Painting my toe nailz getting ready for tomorrow..     Did I mention I love the shit out of myparajaws extra today?
have just spent the day cleaing up.  Did the kitchen in the morning, and the lounge this  afternoon.  And that whilst juggling the nephew 
Did perty nice in the track meet... 
@selenagomez O my gosh! That it so funny! She sounds like a blast to work w/! But ur my inspiration &amp; role model. Did u ever do plays?  &lt;3
@fifthand56th I did NOT make fun of you! I pointed out your stalking tendency in a loving, friend way. Did it not come off that way? 
@paulaabdul hey p! How's ur day so far? Did u get my tweet about a bette midler night on idol?? 
Meeting was good. Didn't get 2 go in service cuz i ended up babysittin. it was last minute. But fun, i love those kids 
@moonfrye  ahh Its always good to get away  Did you have fun? Do anything super romantic?
 Didn't have time updating because was 2 busy enjoying this &quot;love making, sleep with no clothes on, &amp; eating bbq&quot; weather. I miss this &lt;3
@Rarst Didn't realize yours was free! Theres loads of great themes, but bloggers should try to edit it slightly to be unique i think  
@amybabydd I'm about to be great soon cause I get off work in a little bit. Did you see the new zack efron movie? 
@DavidArchie When are you going to tweet? Haha! I feel so bored..  Did you have a good lunch? What's up today? 
Did well in my science test  well, I thought so anyway. I spent 4 farking hours studying the night before...I better get a good mark
Did you enter my giveaway yet?? http://tinyurl.com/d2mcy5 win a handmade posy magnet, just comment  xo
@fsiler We were just messing around before the little kid soccer game. She's 17. Didn't expect to need shin guards to coach 6-year-olds. 
Did you know if you want to stay cool all day use a shower gel or bath wash with peppermint in it 
Did 15 mins on expresso #cycling (3 miles) and beat my last time by 40 seconds.  Then lower body weights.  Now ready for work!  
What's up yall! I made it an early night!  I think ima bout to take a shower and chill witcha! Did I miss anything?
Did u get a box of candy on Vday?..if not,heres somethin 4 ya..its assorted too,white chocolate included  http://tinyurl.com/cwpz4e
What time is it anyway!? @derekjgoodman is awake now?  Did the whole day get away from me and I didn't notice?  
@megelder right now it's warm and toasty  it's raining, planning on staying inside today. Did lots yesterday.
Did some serious hack-n-slash today to generify a big chunk of copy/paste developed code.  Surprisingly, it actually worked 
Just doing some last minute revision before my test in a few hours time. Windows 7 should be installed at home  Did a clean install as ..
Didn't take a shower this morning because 1. I can get away with 2. It's hurts my sunburn and 3. I'm fucking lazy! 
Did @snappingturtle select the playlist on @5fm today? Its all her music! So much better than that &quot;blame it on the a-a-a-alcohol&quot; crap! 
@tessawinkle im excited at everything they do. Even a 2nd show announcment @12am. Haha. Did u go to the vid clip filming? 
Did someone say #drunktweet? Unless I pass out from being so exhausted from my 9pm date last night that went until 1pm, I am so there. 
@Speezy83 Did you know that cold tomato paste tastes pretty bad so as an alternative I believe I'll be spending 36% less time in the sun 
Yesterday we had a great baseball game  We played with floorball and some stick from a fence  (Didn't have the real bats and ball...)
