Most common words for this cluster:
[('dinner', 813), ('breakfast', 168), ('lunch', 73), ('tonight', 52), ('time', 39), ('com', 32), ('http', 32), ('lol', 29), ('brunch', 29), ('night', 26), ('food', 25), ('meal', 24)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'dinner', 0.9441398978233337), (u'brunch', 0.8357917070388794), (u'breakfast', 0.7988961338996887), (u'supper', 0.7984018325805664), (u'Dinner', 0.7943602204322815), (u'dinners', 0.7893321514129639), (u'meal', 0.7460033297538757), (u'lunch', 0.7390612959861755), (u'lasagna_salad', 0.7019152045249939), (u'Brunch', 0.7004033327102661)]





I hate cooking dinner 
Really hungry and sad that I had to throw my breakfast in the bin 
I wish there was something for dinner. 
eating cold dinner 
The most boring dinner ever! i hate being stuck in the house wanting nice food and not having any!! sulky mood coming up 
It's cold out and my breakfast sandwich is hard 
Long day of moving and painting with the fam, they even &quot;treated&quot; me to a huge McDonnalds dinner   people need to learn about health food
@juliekoh I've just discovered I'm busy around lunchtime  I don't suppose dinner is possible?
ate bean and cheese dip and tacos for dinner... sleeping next to steve will be stinky 
is eating his last breakfast on the boat. 
@afrotastic well now I'm jealous. I want an orgasmic breakfast. 
Recovering from a dinner that was much too large 
dinner is not agreeing with me! 
my dinner sucks 
I prepared omelet for dinner....It was a disaster 
@CoasterXlr8 I learn this after I've eaten dinner! 
@fba06 I want a delicious salvadorian dinner too  salvadorian food is sadly not in high demand
@DakotaMcC got there as @cmykdorothy was leaving and after @3dogmcneill left ---dinner ran late 
@tommcfly baby, upppppp earlyyyyyy a lotttttt. :O give me your breakfast? 
just woke up really sick  must have been the tuna i ate for dinner
just woke up really sick  must have been the tuna i threw up for dinner
about to have dinner, then i have to play lego with the cousin, i just want phoebe 
@Prycie that story has put me off my breakfast / lunch / dinner 
@amazingphoebe i can't go out, i can't walk  i had to have dinner and stuff  but you didn't even try to stop me  oh well 
is going to p-town soon. minus a roast 
@yijieee I just started my slimming regime LOL v fatttttt  can we meet up for dinner!!!!!!
just got back from dinner, so full 
Breakfast on the beach and then leaving.  what a greatweekend!
having breakfast all by myself 
Finished the ironing, now dinner to make and it's such a lovely day outside 
No breakfast with mummy. 
brunch cancelled...  shopping for the cruise
inversion of dinner plans - from guest to host in 10 mins 
All I can think about is chocolate!  I thought dinner would help...HHHHEEEEELLLLPPPPP
After cruising around the local flea market and then grabbing brunch I've just waved goodbye to @efuliehan 
I don't know what to make for dinner tonight 
My brother's last tweet has put me right off my dinner 
Making dinner for myself and my lonesome 
can't believe how cold it is right now... gonna go cook dinner then make some beads. body is way too sore for exercise 
Dinner with macaroni broccoli lamb with almost burnt garlic! 
Woot, no breakfast again. 
@DeeEsther yea but only like the last 10 min  i went n had dinner wit naths fam n got back later then i thought i would  its gross here!
Thinking about what to cook for dinner.. I'm not feeling very inspired 
filling up on rice...dinner tonight you disappoint me 
meeting with milk in quarry bay. dinner with ms bride to be tonite!! but i'm not the maid of honor 
dinner soon. at pekopeko. but how to eat when im still full from lunch?  craving pop chicken though.
Deciding what to make for dinner - too many options with no ingredients 
buying dinner. both my folks are sick. 
cooking dinner, will have to grill indoors 
Just went out for dinner at chinese restaurant. I don't like chinese. 
done eating.I didn't like my dinner that much. 
@GREGMIKE sad I missed it  Brunch crew on sunday?
Oh no I won't be getting my roast dinner tomorrow  never mind x
@convoy3571 I am also good! Thanks. I didnt eat dinner yet!  I have to wait until 08:30pm 
I really dislike brunch... and i am gutted that we have to have it 3 days in a row 
dinner cancelled!cousin surprise us with a visit.ugh.mood not good 
Is ready to play hockey tomorrow! but probs wont be in the morning when she's too tired  Dinner was great and so was the cider at the pub!
Wishing he was getting brunch from towers 
Just had dinner, is now bored 
@pellism cook that meat for me! we're having the grossest dinner tonight 
My bestfriend is eating dinner, i miss her already  I love you lish.
I wish I could leave this stupid dinner 
I'm going to the familys house for an indian buffet. at 12pm. i'm basically having a massive indian for breakfast. so unhealthy 
went out to dinner, I think I ate to much 
My dad just ate my dinner wtf 
going to start cooking dinner! I'm very hungry! 
off for a fried breakfast. then the library 
@stonecypher I have never had a nice breakfast from Weatherspoons... 
eating scrambled egg!! i need a sunday dinner!! 
Breakfast at zola--they completely neglected to put the filling in my crepe 
Dinner smells good, but i feel sick to my stomach 
is about to eat dinner. then homeworkk  desperate housewives is on tonight to.
dinner with tome.. then studying all night 
I just had dinner. (tried to snag some hot dog but it didnt work) 
@wennekendonk Twoffie wel. Lunch @ the office 
i am starving ... i need to make some dinner...anything i make pales in comparison to wahts happening on masterchef 
I just accidently canceled out my own dinner plans 
@sebby_peek cos i thought you where having dinner  i love you 
i missed my lunch bcoz of a meeting,now i missed my dinner  also by meeting the same person. feeding on bun again 
is waiting for the meal 
just been to an all u can eat chineese buffet! feeling fat.. 
WMUers, I highly recommend you attend this: http://tinyurl.com/d46vyo dinner focusing on leadership... mostly because I can't 
@Arrens Wow, that's a nice breakfast.  I want some   I'd even just take the French toast!
No prizes for me at the big gay bowling banquet. 
Also, I'm like dying of tiredness and I haven't eaten dinner yet. 
@KrystleMiller Lol for my 20th I went to....... Dinner somewhere    but I was n vegas for the 21st :-D
@mjpteradactyls i know but i had dinner with my fam 
done tweeting for the night. gonna watch the rest of SNL and then its bed time. Brunch in the morning... gosh i hate mothers day. 
Finished the pet sitting instructions.. now, finally, it's naptime. I don't think I had dinner 
where to go for dinner? Any suggestion? I feel to eat mashed potatoes. 
can't wait for dinner - very hungry 
Going out for dinner with my mum and sister!  Absolutely FAMISHED. never ate tea last night 
@shaneprior I want a roast 
mcspicy and fries for dinner. Now I feel guilty 
@BlackCh3rri aw, i miss YOU! i've been so busy lately. and maymester starts tmrw. ew  but we can always catch dinner...
It sux 2 know other moms r enjoying brunch &amp; quality time while I'm eating dinner I paid 4, w/ basketball  on the background while we eat
Finished with dinner but a little upset that orlando lost to boston 
forgot all about dinner...now I'm starving 
@adamjackson d'oh! nm, they stopped dinner service at 9 
Just realized I haven't eaten any dinner!  kinda too late now I guess!
@MelissaGuei I wish I had korean bbq... all I had for dinner was a turkey sandwich  I feel poor
@joycefrsh oh no! Dinner with my mom, brother and sister tomorrow  buut I'll meet up after!!
It looks so nice outside. I want to go for a drive or a walk down pallarenda  fish and chip dinner would be awesome
I hate subs for dinner 
Missed breakfast six 
Waiting for Lunch time! And then to the doc because my wrist still hurts 
Deciding what to have for dinner... Would like nothing more than some mashed potato 
dinner at 9pm isn't a good idea 
Lunch was unexciting I am sad to say 
Dinner time lack of food 
my breakfast burrito fell apart.  
Is really nauseous from dinner. 
Weathers perfect right now. Dinner and Wine outside.... I don't wanna leave  !!!
is not going to have pizza for dinner while everyone else does 
i love that an hr ago i said i was going to sleep, i am for real now. and i jsut realized i never ate dinner 
i burnt my breakfast 
mum cooked pork and duck for dinner  not cool not cool at all
taken instant noodles for my dinner again 
brunch with @brandonsavage before he leaves for chicago 
@BeeJustice lol, I wish!  I still don't have slapchop...my breakfast was so boring   Lol!
I think dinner might be nearly ready 
feeling really sick now!! tooo full, my moms roast dinners are killing me 
@danger_skies i think i'm going to miss it cause i can smell my dinner cooking downstairs! i just know it's going to be during my dinner! 
cooked 75 roast dinners today and ate no roast dinners 
Dinner on your own in a restaurant makes you look like you have been stood up or that you are ghastly  http://yfrog.com/5ggv8j
ugh. comic con brunch of  to long 
@jimthomlinson i agree far too healthy - was almost drooling watching hubby &amp; toddler eat their sunday roast dinner 
pasta for dinner I think....I miss sunday dinners 
Watching come dine with me making me rather hungry 
Last night in calgary  dinner and drinks tonight
had so much fun at the zoo. dinner after. we are all burnt out. and just plain sun burned. 
Aww, that's almost an early dinner.  I hope it's delicious and huge.
unfortunately lost my retainers. it was poorly taken to the trash after we had dinner at a restaurant. 
Sitting in a hostel and waiting for my dinner. I'm scared and starving 
put to much pepper on my dinner 
@docbaty Till about now!!  next time.. Dinner, definitely.
However, I have had no breakfast... 
@WhatIAte4Lunch goodmorning, I ate to much yesterday 
just finished dinner, now the homework begins 
joely has gone to his mums for dinner so he said i couldnt come down i dont think he is telling the truth 
Eating dinner and chillin out 
@NYBabe loooooved the blog, what a dipshit, how do you find them!! Lunch and sun were lovely, sorry not so sunny there 
I burnt my dinner  ... To a crisp.
done with dinner... i forgot to bring my chocolates!!! sad... 
@Silentending yay!!  after dinner there will be consumption of scotch 
I steamed my thumb when cooking dinner. It hurts 
@Lindafacemcgee @musicforheroes I won't tell you what I had for dinner as it isn't vegan friendly 
Dinner was ok but the potato salad suck big time.  will stick to fries next time.
@sany tonight i cant  staying in for dinner with my momma! are u going for graduationnnnn?
@ktdv1  That sucks. You make a meaaaaaan fagioli. At least it will seem new to you when we have it for dinner. ;)
@blindcripple @blondore - my spagbol is the best!!! i suggest soup for dinner - i want soup but dont have 
also, don't forget...eat breakfast like a king, lunch like a prince, and dinner like a servant...no more midnight snacks for me  ahh
@gotroot801 maybe can do lunch tomorrow. I've got breakfast and dinner plans though. 
I want dinner but there is no food here 
http://twitpic.com/5onuq -  I want this for breakfast!!!
So dinner... decided not to pick up will have delivery. Trying new pizza place as our old one closed 
Breakfast in school then i have barely any classes and im guna be at ewood hospital to visit brians brother 
Lunch almost over! 
Breakfast is a can't miss deal!  Two eggs over easy, light wheat toast and coffee. No oats today 
frozen like a popsicle and talking to ppl lol and waiting for my dinner 
breakfast then cleaning the kitchen then finishing the cookies and meatballs from last night..way too clumsy to finish  better today?
I can't eat my dinner..my wisdom is starting to grow..it really hurts 
dinner is taking soooo long. 
just had quick dinner; boring as usual to dine alone. 
ewwws... shouldn'tve had chef boyardee for breakfast. now i feel pukey. that's what i get for being too lazy to make a real bfast 
@SheaStarrM1  boo on that then. I have to go to bed soon; after rattie dinner.
Having friends around for dinner tonight... should be fun, but also sad as we won't see them again for ages 
the smoke alarm kept going off while i was cooking dinner   but the food was good
wopps, wrote that too soon, eldest son just cancelled dinner, too tired. 
Finished my diet coke before I finished my dinner 
you know what i ate for dinner? a brownie. with frosting on it. regretful 
@MyGigi71: i feel like total crap. I want him out!!!!!  how was ur dinner.
@subray put me right off my scrambled egg breakfast  #fartingloud
I just made myself a wonderful breakfast!!!!!!!! Now I have to get ready to workout 
i'm getting ready for tonight (teachers dinner on the beach!) but it's raining and i hate this! 
Ever been to a restaurant with over 200 items on the menu?  Lunch decision shouldn't be this hard 
Dinner &amp; shower time...then back to revision  5 days left!!!!
Lunch isn't until 1:00 but I'm already so hungry. 
Getting ready for a going-away dessert reception for a colleague who's off to grad school.  
is having the last supper with his little angel. 
I am so full.. And I haven't even eaten my meal yet 
@ashleepham: just the dinner 
We're going to panahra for dinner.  miss you guys.
A simple nice dinner doesn't exist in my world. 
just had dinner with scoop and said goodbye before our senior trips 
Just got home from lake padden i got sunburnt on my shoulders  going to make pizza for dinner !
Just got home from work trying to decide what's for dinner. I want sushi but the boys want pizza 
I am starving and dinner isn't until 8.  
headache, backache, tummyache oh my  at my fake gmas for dinner.
@crashboomkisses  did you get dinner at least?
Making dinner... I'm really starting to realize that I don't know many recipe's 
I hate it when i have to wait for dinner. 
Thinking that @jeffsoto is leaving me on my own for dinner tonight since he's already got headphones on and has started mixing... 
home from grad dinner. severe headache.   maybe the wine?
shoot! forgot to eat dinner 
Dinner was great so was spending time with friends back home  but I have a pretty bad tooth ache at the moment 
I want to go out for dinner but the weather's not fine for the fam and I to go out...and will Dad come over here?  *sigh*
is off out to dinner tonight but is sick 
It is late and I'm still sick to my tummy  I know better than to eat dessert before dinner. It is too sweet for me 
cocktail dinner party tomorrow night. wonder if i am supposed to actually dress up and go 
@michaelacholly guess what! im having popcorn chicken and milkshakes for dinner tonight. aww poor mak. you coulda been here too    
@nickcrash kick arse tonight m'boy, I'm off to a dinner 
: I waslooking forwardfor dinner on saturday 
is going to dinner w/o mom.. 
Having lebanese food for dinner!!!...still I don't feel well... 
Hungry. Dinner's not back yet. 
@justinjap if i hadn't already had my dinner, i'd clonk you on the head to thank u for all those horribly delicious-looking food pix! 
 im now free tonight. Dinner got cancald  downer
It's my last day at The Dinner A'fare 
Just had cornflakes - porridge for dinner was not enough to last for more than 4 hours. 
Breakfast with the Brit's. I don't want them to leave! 
A great weekend with @paigenphoto and @ramirezdavid and of course husby @AustinColby. Brunch time farewell 
The wedding was beautiful, but I have to skip the reception. 
Extremely late 4 a retirement brunch  off to destination #2  http://mypict.me/26uY
not going out for supper anymore? 
@youngQ no clue what's for dinner stil moving 
off to the inlaws for dinner 
yumm......amazing dinner cooked by my personal chef. be jealous. then personal training time!! 
last dinner with @htlkevin til he gets back from japan 
@XJRodzx Dinner and a movie without me????? 
@sillybeee I had tacos for dinner tonight, and thought of you. I wish you could have eaten them with me 
went wedding band shopping with @GoatiusCaesar... &amp; wrecked her diet with mass consuming fondue for dinner 
argh....tired....now to start dinner 
cooking dinner..which i wont eat. trying to get my mind off of what happened... 
back from a very yucky dinner 
@CrustyJoe lakeview &amp; wrigly. So sad. We will have to take L to find brunch 
i want to eat dinner, but not by myself. 
did my family decide to go on a famine and not tell me? i guess its a peach a dry cheerios for dinner 
lol just was at dining and we had aboggest splat compotition ouchies i didn't win though  lol
Is having dinner at changs.. Too bad up was sold out 
eat dinner @ 10pm. then go to sleep then woke up again @ 5:30..this is my routine for 1.1/2 mos! 
Eatting dinner alone 
I'm about to pop. Dinner at Maggiano's with the wifey sans the kids. I'm ashamed: no more room for martinis! I'm so old...  
just woke up....french toast for breakfast..hmm back to revision 
Whatever for Dinner is, it smells really really really really good.  I'm getting sooo  Hungry! 
Just bout to cook dinner 
Lunch sucked!! 
I love greasy food ! I love carbs ! ... What am I suppose to eat? Lunch without rice or bread is no lunch ! 
I'm hungry but I can't be bothered 2 eat breakfast so its my own fault really 
Breakfast time. I miss already my friends  I hope they had a good time at the wedding &lt;3
trying to psychically will @PokeyBunny to wake up and bring me a happy daze $4 breakfast special. I wish they delivered 
can't believe i threw up all that expensive dinner. 
hint, hint. my birthdays pretty far away  but I make dinners and lunches, no occasion necessary!
@ElaineEllis wow, that's an intense sushi plate! I'm so sad I missed the dinner! 
i need @LelephantRose to teleport here for brunch. 
missing @lise_93! she's eating dinner!! 
@aninharosas just called me. poor her, is in a barbecue listening to pagode, she's freaking out 
Lunch at cal poly 
stupid spaghetti overcooked  a yogurt shall be my dinner, thank you.
just had the strongest cocktail ever and a nice meal at bibis. my birthdays nearly over! 
@StepankaTZ I'm sorry we didn't get to meet up  we should get together for brunch!! i cant believe i just said brunch.
power is out can't cook dinner  who elses power is out?
@AshBo I'm totally up for it! I didn't bring the warm enuf stuff so I'm rocking the same fugly jeans and shirt all week.  Dinner tomorrow?
thought that when you got married... you didn't have to eat dinner by yourself anymore   and I have another 3 weeks of this...
Dinner was a success, kitchen almost clean, parents gone, have to make 1 fast trip to grocery store, left few things of list this morning 
My girlfriend and I are going out for dinner tonight. This is going to hurt my wallet.   
I don't think that salad I had for dinner was too fresh. not feeling so hot 
Going to dinner with girlfriends mom ,no winno 
@hellohahanarf I missed the first period making dinner too 
there is no kraft dinner  how can this be?
Just got up, eating breakfast, then revising 
Breakfast in the sun, god damn it I love this weather, shame it will be gone by friday 
Dinner - chicken noodle and veg soup to nourish the sick child. Just a cold , not swine flu but.... 
off to an appreciation dinner in school.  dnw. 
Breakfast had to be amended due to mum having switched off the fridge, which meant all the milk had gone off  Not much bread either.
Warning.. too much twitter = burnt dinner... doh 
I'm so full because I just had my dinner 
For all those that care, I'm helping my gf's dad this week, so tweets will be at a minimum  i'm sorry, how can I make it up to you.Dinner?
just had a sandwich for my dinner, off to work soon 
now that breakfast is over, ihave to go to work 
@MelodyDTF lol haha it was pretty cool actually...but i was soo tired i didnt even much i hate that feeling  lol...how was ur dinner ?
i miss nlt     [sup senior breakfast ?!]
i am disapointed that there is no instant breakfast ! 
I just found out the restaurant where we had our wedding rehearsal dinner has closed!  
@tommcfly u said 'hi' to us at the hotel when u were goin to join the guys for dinner but we didn't get the chance to take a pic after it 
Lunch almost over  I want to go to sleep- itis about to hold me down now
Power cut   No dinner for a while then...electric cooker!
fucking tony hawk and call of duty 4-2! i missed dinner 4 this shit? wtf is wrong with me? 
fucking tony hawk and call of duty 4-2! i missed dinner 4 this shit? wtf is wrong with me?  #e3
Lunch is over.  it's beautiful outside!
ahh, want to see this bit, but have been called to dinner 
@jennifergatc  and to think I never had my soiree...
my dog ate our dinner.  no, seriously... he ate it.  
trying to get motivated to run since dinner was canceled 
Dinner with Aunt Shirley...her last night in the city 
I would like Chinese food for dinner.  Only problem .. best restaurant in town closed 
just finished calculating how much sashimi I can get for $50.00 (my dinner allowance.). I will still be hungry 
I think I'm eating dinner alone tonight. 
is exhausted and has to make dinner tomorrow 
@anastaciakayray actually I dont think I can make it  Lunch soon?!?
@dalnoogs how do u reply so fast? have u started studying for socials? i haven't and really don't want to but i heard it was really hard 
there was no point in cooking a nice dinner....things will never change 
thought my subtantial breakfast would keep me going longer than this. HUngry already! 
i forgot about dinner  and i think i over cooked them
just finished my dinner 
I just ate dinner and I feel soooooo sick now 
there goes dinner plans 
Going to a posh resturant for dinner tonight.. i'm nervous! 
@socialcoop hey sorry, i fell asleep  but i'll definitely have some for breakfast!!
ugh. off to my aunt's for dinner. ugh. 
I'm thinking pierogies for dinner tonight. We're out of sour cream, though. 
Is eating supper late tonight 
Dinner was an epic fail. I feel bad for having to write a horrible review - the waitress was busting her ass regardless 
ohh. Shouldnt have made steak for dinner with sore tooth. 
sliced some really powerful peppers for dinner. Now fingers hurt like hell... 
@djhitz  i'll  pass i made a good ass dinner lol
@johnnathaniel   lucky you i wanted sushi for dinner but didnt go 
Magnos making me a frozen dinner... Why am I ssuchh a fatty?! 
Aw man . . . I thought I was done throwing up   Dinner was great going down but not so great coming back up!
Feeling sick from dinner..food wasn't that great. 
dread tonight's dinner! 
hang after supper.   already miss it 
It is time to start the day.  Breakfast with a good friend and then off to the office. No time to design today.  
my dinner was soup, because my parents hate me 
My dinners don't last long enough, grrr 
on my dinner break having weight watchers soup when what i really want is a cheese burger 
I am hungry...I was looking forward to an early dinner break, but someone decided to suddenly booked a lesson at 8:30 
lalala exam all done! Dinner time soon, but foot hurts 
Breakfast, more medicine, back to bed....blaaah I hate being sick 
movie session cancelled  need to grab my dinner now before passing out!
@alymcintyre I'm hungry as well.  Lunch time soon.
@tobyd totally missed the breakfast!  where you guys going to be later? wanted to interview @scottharrison for #internetweek
Lunch alone again 
It's the UEWFC dinner tonight, so have to leave soon 
Eating another carbless meal  this blows
i HATE banquets. 
Lunch over!  
Is ready to eat supper but it's only 4! I don't know how I will make it! 
I just tried to convince @candystone to join me for a delicious breakfast buffet but she won't have it  I'm getting into my gym gear now!
@ChaffinOrchards we'll be having the steaks tomorrow for dinner. We can't usually make the weekday markets. Have to work 
dinner was not good still hungryy  what should i eat
Wants to have dinner, but can't as it's not cooked yet! 
bazaar was so much fun .. luau tonigggggght!!! last event at smm 
so tired...have to make a lesson plan...then make dinner. 
family having pizza for dinner.  me? jello.  so not happy right now 
@cynthea I wish I could be here for the start, I have to go eat dinner at 6  #20boysummer #20boysummer
@roccodispirito u do 1 meal and it sounds perfect I have to cook 3 diff dinners each night for picky eaters. 
trying to figure out what i'll eat for dinner. i'm so hungry 
Get me outta here!!! I've got my frin's bday dinner to go to 
eating dinner then sleep.so tired.and i really dont feel good 
Dinner suckeg hardly ate... Hotels just shouldnt do buffets... 
no ones making dinner for me  ......I feel like eating oatmeal I don't know why.
I think I forgot to eat dinner...hate when that happens! 
is hungry..her supper kind of sucked 
Having last dinner with my fellows 
@blackwingedcas I miss having dinner with mine. 
I have no one to eat dinner with 
I hate when the kids don't leave me any dinner. And they still did not  clean the kitchen.  
Eating tea/dinner and 4 the 3rd day in a row i'm having chicken  
Dinner before work: pringles and soft drink. HUNGRY &amp; staff canteen no food.  - http://tweet.sg
Not looking good for the guide parade and gala this afternoon 
Mornings gone well, under pressure for dinner though 
just ate dinner (: buh i had kfc at glos house so now i feel sick 
i just burnt myself checking my epic dinner i just cooked 
shower, breakfast with drew before he leaves 
I had crabs for lunch &amp; will have adobo for dinner. And i am eating alone. 
@tiffpanda well i went to ocean park but told my 'rents i had dinner and then i was 10 mins past my curfew 
Billy does not like his microwave dinner 
No fishy for dinner tonight 
I'm hungry. But too late for dinner &amp; too early for breakfast.. 
There is a gala dinner tonight - and there are two hours of speeches before we eat 
Finished my dinner. It was a harvest. 
I can't wait to have a clean apt free of lil buggies where I can cook. I love to cook!!  I just hate cooking for 1.  Dinner parties soon!
brought me 1 of fave breakfasts n all i can do is stare at it. smell makes me nauseaous 
had dinner with the girls in gourmet garage..last dinner before the holidays without them aw 
@MadisonMitchell theres no breakfast like detroit breakfast 
@CaraNinaMcfly oh no!  just had my dinner but it was awkward :/ xx
waiting  for  my  dinner   the diet  is killing  mee
Lunch just cost me $800.  
The kitchen has been taken over but I want dinner 
outside too long for my extremely pale self  dinner by johnL and hanging with ak and a later.
still waiting on that dinner 
Lunch is taking too long I'm starving 
Dinner isnt done I thought it was 
Then I ate whataburger, also a good meal. 
@KalebNation got to eat dinner  I'll be back when I'm done
@aianna21 It was just normal dinner. I'm all bloated now though, can't sleep  If I'd known you'd be awake, I wouldn't have gone.
Getting ready for my cousins grad dinner.. But I'm sick... 
At dinner with my co-workers... One of my faves is transferring 
Dinner was over too quickly 
graduation was sad  out to dinner with chris' famm
just realised all i ate for dinner was peas cause i wasnt hungry, lol how random, hungry now im going to bed 
@Christinz Dinner was not good. It is beefaroni casserole. It didn't have any flavor and all the sauce cooked off so it was dry. 
@KalThrace Not sure...before dinner fine, after dinner, limping. It was weird! 
oh i ate too much for dinner 
Off to k carr's bday dinner! Too bad i cant have sushi 
where is my bub? i want to eat dinner 
@macburbs wish you were here for dinner.  http://yfrog.com/5bwq3j
at raffertys now waiting on dinner. they sat us in a shity seat. 
i just ordered takeout. being a bachelor is so hard sometimes. i want a homecooked meal 
Getting up eating breakfast.. Then off to the docs so he can tell me how messed up I am 
@meganisraaad unfortunately i need to make dinner for myself also 
I hate loosing!!!  after dinner the tide will turn!!
Not sure my last two guests r here. 
@KMoodie: yeah dinner was good, I had a really good drink. I saved you some and some of my dessert. I'm sorry the night was crap.  *hug*
i dont think i cooked my dinner enough 
@garronma, sorry i couldn't make it to your dinner 
Breakfast on the balcony cancelled due to it being soaking wet outside 
Breakfast sorted by hay fever not  http://yfrog.com/arw7sj
I'm sure dinner was delicious but I'm so blocked up, I couldn't taste it 
done with dinner. trying to go on a diet. again. I miss seeing my pelvic bone.  
i was having dinner cooked for me, now the plan is off &amp; will have to fend for myself! 
Going out for dinner. Who can be bothered? 
Breakfast with gparents at 930? I'll moss the wake up chat sssh with my broz 
@devourerofbooks   just think of the awesome nap you'll get to have once you make it through church and brunch.
reyt fancies a roast dinner 
icecream for breakfast. it was a long night 
http://twitpic.com/6txgm - Breakfast in bed at @hiltonmesa... last day 
might have to go to my sisters lacrosse banquet 
such a nice dinner ruined by such a crappy dessert  blah.
Breakfast now then off to get on the ship.  No more t'internet 
@tmlong1 minus you love  soon we'll eat every breakfast together!
About to have a great breakfast at the cabin then we'll pack up and go 
@aabbiiii sunday dinner is lush, but i'm not having one       i'm having pork chops  ;D
OK...T-mobile has made me a happy woman finally.  Now, I have to get over this hangover.  Breakfast tasted terrible.  
Lying on my floor insanely hungry  I think I might pass out, and I'm not aloud food until dinner, which is in a bloody hour!
is waiting for his roast dinner chicken takes too long  bad times
awh dinner now ther's too much food going in my belly  ...
studying for socials exam 
Dinner eaten, ribroast overcooked, choclate fondant was crap! No sauce inside  Now dyeing my roots, then paint toenails, what a life, lol
Just woke up...I want some ihop breakfast 
@RobynBryant we should be having brunch right now 
trying to decide what to have for dinner i really hate cooking 
goodbye dinner with amelia tonight. 
dinner plans, but win or lose i will be watching the tape. glutton for punishment, indeed  @rbnyasn
Trying to figure out what to have for dinner. And not wanting to go to work tomorrow. 
Fully awake.  Where's my dinner, ma?  I'm tooo spoiled 
Dinner date with pops. Phones dead 
@jchase79 I wanted to go to chili's for dinner, but noone else did. 
*sigh* cereal for dinner 
a little sunburned from the fundraiser...   
i had a very nice bbq dinner... but now it's repeating on me!! 
i miss my alex!  having dinner with the fam now.
Dinner break was way late &amp; my bread was stale on my kids meal. 
no dinner again 
had a lovely dinner..watching the dodger game currently 3-1 phillies booo 
http://twitpic.com/6vpcc I burned my whole thumb making dinner 
@R33S awww sorry lunch sucked  I always look forward to a meal out at a new place-Then my heart sinks when it's crap-Dinner will b better!
@adrian_arevalo where ?I'm so hungry , I had leftovers of Lunch 
Yaay. Lunch time. I'm so sleepy already 
I'm too sleepy to work  How long will this go on?  Lunch-less, sleep-less work 
Watching the breakfast club..I think I might have a fever.. 
going to buy food for dinner while fun bun works 
@ericjstar haha.. :-P  yeah but i missed dinner and now i'm not gunna be able to go back to sleep 
Last family dinner tonight for over a month.. 
@WFnB I cooked a scrumptious  meal to..2 bad u missed it 
Is about to get dinner and wash up 
@lukeii Aww  I'd have dinner with you, but I'm far away.
says he's having second thoughts about dinner...  http://plurk.com/p/111ckp
I don't want to have dinner. I'm full.. 
@mistressmayhem after i have my dinner, i'll show you  [+]
feels icky  I think it was dinner.
I just ate my dinner and i feel rather hungry now 
woke up at 730 by my mum and i am now rushing to shower and dinner for tuition at 820? swttt! 
dinner alone  only the TV is keepin me company 
I burnt my breakfast 
@jenncharina @mo_par seriously, my breakfast is not as satisfying 
it's already midnight and I'm hungry..i guess i'd better sleep instead of having supper.haha.my supper is my exam material. 
having breakfast with out chalulo 
What should I eat for dinner........... 
just woke up and has soooo much to do...too bad i can't do any of it b/c i have to take kacey to grandma's and cook dinner 
Breakfast with frank, leighann and sara! I'm going to miss them all so much 
Waiting outside a locked door for dinner 
exhausted...and I still have to cook dinner and go to walmart 
Making dinner for manuel. Why do I feel so down? 
ouchiie. I just burnt my finger on the stove after dinner. 
soo full from dinner  sun's out again, I want to go for a walk
dinner at dolce tonight to celebrate it's closing. 
#rocsocmedia Not too happy w/ dinner arrangements - three of us endet up in private dining room. #fail (via @khkremer) yep that was lame 
just came from having a fabulous lunch/breakfast/dinner with mj, suzie, and rebbabie off to study so more 
is making dinner, working on homework, and wishing my head would stop hurting 
I'm having a munchie attack but i just ate supper not that long ago 
Just had dinner and here it comes ... food coma 
Is at dinner and it looks gross 
@tysiwill ...i ate turkey and cheese for dinner...didnt even have no crackers  ....or bread!
@kseils Me too! I'm resorting to the Dinner of Champions 
I am eating cornflakes for dinner   #potroastfail
Dinner, wine and movie with my favoritest girls in the world. I'm going to miss this so much 
fell asleep before eating dinner and now it's too late to eat anything.....poop 
@rosiecruz I was hoping to see u at dinner 
full.... i probably shouldn't eat out so much or have late dinner...... 
i made the best bread to go with dinner tonight and the dinner made me so sick I won't be eating for a couple days 
We ate omelette for dinner.  having gummy bear nowww!!
@SquishT77 yep, sitting down is completely bad. Dinner isn't going to be served in my house tonight. 
@hey_sophie no dinner from now on  too much karma
Dinner burnt.  20 min later new dinner (sausages already cooked + baked beans + an onion +tomato paste + spices)!
i cut my finger making dinner 
Just ate dinner. The chicken was dry 
woken up by the binmen? Now it's more likely that they'll interrupt your dinner!! 12pm bin collection?  ugh.
@amysav83 awww!  rain cheque on the dinner &amp; movie?
so sad our first gala together and im not going. 
just ate dinner. i really need to work out.  i'm getting fat!
There is no food in our house for breakfast. 
Dinner over. Expenses time again! 
@karawr I have a bad habit of making dinner my only proper meal of the day too 
is hungry. (as always) ~ haven't eaten since brunch.  http://plurk.com/p/11ctn9
I'm going to have dinner alone tonight. 
@candireign me too and they only had a continental breakfast @ the hotel I'm staying at 
DS and Mobys closed again too cold and windy  maybe it will warm up for dinner 
Exagerate with cheesecake and pizza, no dinner tonight 
Yay the sun is back today! Dinner with Kate tonight! Yay someone I know! Butt bad news... I just left by hotel without my room key...ugh! 
made perfect pancakes for tim and burned mine!! no breakfast for me! 
I'm going to miss moulin cafe breakfast when I move 
@jennason i forgot to grab some of your udon noodles  maybe there will be some left for dinner tonight?!?
Just home from work and toast for dinner 
looks like we are just not going to get where we want to be.   making dinner, bathing kiddos, and then making us a strict budget!!!
just ate wayyyyyyyyyy to muchh for dinner 
Leadership mtg at my house + dinner. Missing Johnsons and Riddicks tonight 
Not feeling well.  Eating dinner.
Finally off work!! McDonalds for dinner..... again 
Shit, I think I forgot how to cook  sad dinner.
#haveyouever paid for your dates dinner? yeah, i did...  he was a cheapskate
over jmoos house! paige is still sick!   well im about to eat dinner over here then head home!
Is not feeling well....and definitely not feeling up to cooking dinner 
Dinner prep delayed. Meat hasn't completely thawed. 
grilled steak &amp; veggies..somehow dinner tonight is just not the same 
Dinner @ 9 but still finishing at work 
Dinner just made me super sleepy and I'm only halfway done with my shift. 
I'm ALWAYS cooking for people who's gonna cook me dinner?? I'm starving 
just came from dinner, ehh, not feeling so good  should have just cooked
ughhhh thew things we do to keep our parents happy = personal dinner reservations cancelled 
Supper depressed  i dont want to talk to anyone ever again 
Just went out to dinner. And got sick. 
Having dinner...ready to go home to my puppie already... I miss her  lol
@TheoryHazit Da'rel has told me of these little dinner parties you hold...JEALOUS! 
ugh, dinner with no meat... that's not a dinner, that's a boring meal. 
@nisjoen ok cool I wanted to talk to you last night but I couldn't sorry  and not anymore I'm in a seafood place for dinner
Dinner was great...working  Seems alot of weirdness is going on around here.
had a good dinner with the fam at yoshi zushi.. man i wish i didn't have this rumbly stomach..  wanted to drink sake 
Dinner with the fam!  last day in Cali 
: Grandparents are here now. Lunch awaits but I'm still full of coconut pancakes. 
sad as not going to girl geek dinner after all - decided to be selfish &amp; keep my sneeziness to myself 
07:44 - I want Breakfast, but have to wait till 9:30 cos I have to have fasting bloods taken today   damned diabetes
@mattydTI so jealous. i miss ron's dinners 
Dinner was great........had a very sleepy day...I thought that stage should have been over now  as I will be 14 weeks  2moro.
@kevinrose I hope it wirelessly connects, wouldn't like to stick my iPhone in my dinner 
@jagangel I failed  I ran out of time to eat before teaching last night and grabbed a salad from tescos for dinner, with couscous=wheat
doesnt like this soup and wants something else for dinner 
I had exactly what I wanted for dinner. now I fell really sick.  but it was good
Is going to another good bye dinner!!! 
Home briefly for dinner and then off for the rest of my root canal 
Just had chicken for dinner but now I want salmon 
Breakfast with the homies, cause i don't want to lose anyone for lack of being there  NOT sleeping til i make it right
is dissatisfied with her microwave dinner 
I'm not having much of a birthday dinner.  I swear that steak is required for a good night out.
i'm super hungry. where's dinner.? 
finished eating dinner.. now onto the maths homework 
883 calories in a pouch of maltesers!!!!!!  I will definitely have to sacrifice dinner in order to indulge myself! 
Dinner with my mom and bro at pancake pan O pp..ouch I miss pancake on the rocks   http://myloc.me/48pN
i miss our dinner dating 
just threw up my dinner from last night.... thank you talitha for feeding me poision 
flatmates made pizza. They are definitely taunting me. All of a sudden stir fry doesn't sounds like a nice dinner 
i smell dinner .. all ive had today is coco pops 
eating dinner was harder than i thought it would be  
Going for gourmet seafood experience tomorrow night. Now feeling slightly chicken about menu. They don't do prawn cocktail or fishnchips 
Lunch is decidedly less enjoyable when you are freezing. 
i would love potatos for dinner, but we dont have any to make. 
Lunch is over! 
Making a stir fry using @Wegmans Teriyoki marinade. Dinner smells REALLY good tonight! If only @AriellaPunaro would stop crying! 
doesn't want to cook dinner tonight! 
@ShannonOBrienn miss you already!! Lunch with natalie before you leave? 
is making sloppy joes for dinner! yummm i can smell them cooking..... in the microwave 
Ugh.  My dinner is less than tasty.  
@lynnftw that was dinner tonight in our house too!! No wine though 
Why does dinner have to be the smallest portion when it is the most delicious meal of the day? 
@hr98nole it was while i was warming up my dinner though. 
Comfort food for dinner. It did not, however, comfort me to the point of being able to breathe again 
what should i eat for dinner?...cause jeanie is eating meatballs &amp; she's not sharing 
I am hungry  no but its ok cause for every 4 bites a normal person takes one... Dinner will have to come from the block.. ?
why have i still not eaten dinner!? 
@InkBlue : I want to eat w/ you. I burned my leg making dinner. 
I'm still enjoying paradise but I had to reject a marriage proposal  Why do men always try to rush into that with me? Dinner was wonderful
As normal, I cooked dinner... Now I don't want to eat it 
No breakfast again 
Lean Pocket &amp; Corndog for Dinner... I really need to do some shopping.  
considering going to work to justify going to dinner tonight.... so ill 
now smells like Asian after cooking dinner. 
at dinner break right now, have not won a pot in forever, down to 13k now  But still fighting!!!
i had to eat my dinner outside on a rock 
Banquet was sad, fun, and emotional  I'm gonna miss them so much you can't even imagine..
So if it's 9:54 and I'm NOW hungry for dinner, do I eat?? It's pretty much bedtime 
Reception went great! Some good ideas for improving next year's event and a tasty dinner. And overtime! I did miss the kids though. 
saving my perut for dinner tonight... owh.. hungry but cannot eat now 
was really looking forward to cooking dinner...oh well....theres always tomora  
Breakfast buffets included with hotel rooms are generally not very good.  We are in the city Rethimnon on Crete.
About to eat dinner  and set the table, sad 
OH NO!!!!!!!!!!!!! Section dinner tmrw. I don't think I'm going 
i really didn't want to eat earlier at dinner but i have to coz if i'll not eat, mama will eat alone.. and i don't want that to happen 
My fam's having dinner but i dont wanna eat 
http://twitpic.com/7paqr - dinner at fort supposedly  so ended up having siopao and black gulaman at chowking instead. sigh.
it seems that I'm going to lose the big #lgp2009's feast   I hope you enjoy it as much as I did!
Going to make a cuppa, then have some dinner, and afraid to say - off to work!  c ya! x
Breakfast: grits and kool-aid   well at least i'm not a total stereotype.
curry for dinner tonight! work till half 10 
It's Lunch time, another frozen dinner 
i have NO jelly for my breakfast jack! Wtf i dnt even want it anymore 
don't want to go out for dinner with her (ex) class tonight..... 
wat shud i eat fr dinner? or i better go straight to bed? isnt it bad having dinner this late?? 
I have to go and make dinner .. but I can't leave him! gosh it's so hard  hought it would be easier
Just about to go and start making dinner 
Lunch at peepers = 
whiplash for breakfast - not a fan 
Dinner was laaate tonight.. But still yummy.. I'm gonna miss my mom's food! 
Dinner wasn't as good as I thought it would be. 
waiting for my dinner to cook 
looking for ideas for dinner.  Feeling very little creativity 
Lunch over 
Not hungry for dinner tonight 
@DandDncgirl oh no!    but do enjoy your dinner out!  
sitting up and waiting for my dinner to go down 
@doodleannie tell me about it. no dinner for me tonight. 
making enchiladas for dinner! my mom's recipe, i wish she were here to make it for me.... 
@Socialbees I throw dinner parties like I have space for 25 but comfortably can only fit 6.  #awesomehr
So these tinfoil dinners are taking longer than i thought 
@ronn76 You didn't show, so we had dinner without ya...no leftovers sorry 
@Rubyam come to dinner  and no, i was told i look hot by @shoelover79 
@Rubyam awwww  well ok, i guess, i'll take you off the list for dinner
Banquet just ended...sad I'm gonna have to leave my girlies tomorrow 
is making dinner and settling in for the evening, the bf is sick 
I really feel like having a cosy and casual dinner and drinks gathering. But my flat is just too small  Delicious mag is teasing me!
just had dinner with some friends too bad the food sucked 
@trunks1022 sorry i didn't make it out  didn't forget, but dinner (+ dessert) ran long..
It's raining on our luau 
@SiciliaCurves  well at almost eleven its late to be cooking dinner but could not be helped 
so hungry!  my enchiladas are gone now i gotta cook some pancakes for dinner 
going out for dinner 
getting maccas for dinner in the first time for ages ..... i feel like a fatty 
getting maccas for dinner. havent had it in ages. i feel like a fatty 
I managed to forget my sandwich today and only have 40p. Lunch will be a packet of crisps and an apple 
have fun with your family (+lovely gf) dinner @nurezki19! ah I want some sushi too 
Dinner with @heltee and @mslgray then off to the company party in Greenhills. I feel sick! 
up  eating breakfast
I want to join them for dinner and chillax as well  But I have a meeting ;___; Nuuu!
Too sleepy to have dinner... But if not, hungry... 
Lunch time now... cheese on toast... I don't know how to cook 
Early morning breakfast for @gphotos going away 
i should be making dinner.. but cant face food just now  think i will regret this later....
@a_fisher I'll text you if I get out of the bank soon enough and we can get dinner ;) I haven't heard from @laniebarrett either 
dinner eaten, guess i should go do the washing up now 
Just realized that I have to do work and that I just had Lunch - will be skipping @pizznoms 
dinner with the fam  last night in boston 
is annoyed she can't eat any more of her dinner 
Out of work now. Dinner in like 4 hours. 
going to the gym before my fam dinner! storm PLZZ don't ruin my bdayyy 
does NOT want fish for dinner 
I'm so hungry but it's not time for dinner. 
@angiecole No, but I want to throw a steak dinner at mine! haha. She wont return my calls!!!! 
Yaay. I just burned my dinner. 
@LexLamont can't even attempt that, fam... I'm scared to even eat dinner right now 
@beingabundance What bar are you going to?  I might not be able to make dinner 
I want to eat dinner with you gals 
totally drained of energy. and i still have to cook dinner 
Dinner time finally! This cyst is still making me hurt tho! 
Lunch is not setting with me very well. 
@esotericstyle Inr? I love animal crackers &amp; was going to eat some in lieu of dinner, or at least to tide me over until I got home. 
made her dinner far too salty, 
waiting for my breakfast 
Wonders when my crazy dinner is going to turn into a crazy stomachache 
Lunch is taking forever. 
Dinner at the #Giants game - most of the chillidog is now on my shirt  http://twitpic.com/7vh9o
@KiraKiraStudio im a vegan so i probably wouldnt even have been able to eat dinner 
Dinner in Bexley with the inlaws 
we had all our bacon for dinner last night  #blacksquadron
a beatyful breakfast in the garden... then rain again 
ok i seriously need food.. i don't think i can wait until dinner time, i'm starving 
waiting for Lunch Delivery boy..feeling really hungry 
waiting for dinner...hungry.. still waiting and still hunrgy  
@jellybones_ awkk  lol bout to eat dinner
http://twitpic.com/7w1ui - last dinner with the whole crew 
took a power nap before the dinner party. meeting new people makes me little nervous though,, 
Is havng dinner in tgaytay with fmily but without my hney 
Pastamania dinner for me!  But now I have no cash for tomorrow... 
hasn't eaten dinner yet. 
Breakfast + shower + study all day long.... so sad I can't go to the mcmeetting 
Note: dinner takes time on Sundays. 
@MariSRU Yuuumi! I had the worst breakfast ever! 
Breakfast, shower, thn work 
Right away to make my dinner god i hate being single someone should be taking me out for dinner or making it for me  x
Dinner with the whole family, bluhh chinese food 
Breakfast: home made ham/cheese/egg on english muffin ... mmmmmm... on another note... i have a fever 
Dinner is not sitting well on my stomach! 
@waywardsamurai That sucks   I just ate breakfast, lol.
evening! just watched come dine with me. made me miss dundee even more 
@authenticfreshh  I'm missin the shindig
just had dinner. relaxing again for a bit and then back to study 
Last night was the most sleep I got with the piranha! Lunch with andre + wst 
All alone for dinner tonight 
Lunch with the fam 
watching golf now and got a bellyache from the buffet 
david wants to go for another gathering dinner downtown.. what should i wear ! 
Running late to the banquet....they left me 
its 5 o'clock.. do you know what yoooou're having for dinner??.....i dont 
I've eaten dinner alone for the past 4 nights 
Evening ruined by extremely crabby toddler...had to get dinner to go and leave undrank margaritas unattended 
had ice cream for dinner around 5, but hungry now. 
why is that when my free supertaco pizza arrives all the guests turn up to check in 
so...my dinner was super delicious.  didn't take pics though. 
Dinner with friends was great, had yummy yummy steak and a nice big guinness. still no one will make me a mint julep. 
Dinner was tasty, but now I have a massive stomach ache 
@jeeali.... you went supper without me?? with who?! 
I thought the apps were dinner and now I'm full 
Dinner. Having stupid noodles cause I can't even swallow without it hurting.. blahh. 
@troyness if u ever had dinner with my mother u would realize I'm nowhere near as bad as her. 
Wow how drunk was I after Japanese dinner? Passed out and missed going out  cause they couldn't wake me up lol
why won't my son eat his dinner?? Makes me sad 
mission make dad breakfast before he wakes up at 5 accomplished. too bad it'll be cold before he wakes up. thought that counts? 
@yauhui urgh. worse thing is if i dun get it by dinner. i hv to sit at dinner table with sour face from dad and sis (who paid 1/2 for it) 
Just spoiled my dinner by noming down on jelly 
going for buffet dinner when you're still full is very spoiler. 
Wheres my dinner 
had the biggest dinner ever I feel like crap not 
Lunch over, back to work 
had fcuked up steak with fucked up float. terrible dinner 
These music feast were fun but not as i expected 
@maurat that is so sad  but I'm glad that you made awesome breakfast.
nukkah's missing and the two of us can't find the breakfast 
Having roast gammon for dinner this evening. Only one problem, I forgot the pineapple. 
Having roast gammon for dinner this evening. Only one problem, I forgot the pineapple. 
@mikelicari where are you!? you are missing out on our fam brunch. 
I'm so tired. I had backed beans for dinner tonight. I want moneyyy 
I'm hungry now, but have to drink my next meal too! 
Just finished 20 minute boot camp work out. Lunch then work til 9! 
contemplating dinner.. not sure if i can face it 
@ms_cornwall oh well, that didn't work....  no dinner no pudding    It is late though....
I'm back home cookin dinner.. its so hot.. sad I have to go back to work tmr 
Won last game 2-1! Dinner at olive garden mmmmmmmm. Then longg drive home  but I'll be back in lex soon!
Dinner plans didn't work out 
is having dinner with her kiddos....eddie got called out   he's on call this week....
Dinner almost ready...shouldn't have had that snack, now my tummy is feeling bad 
Tjs run with a quick stop at baskin robbins first. We just ruined our dinner 
But family said they wont be home for dinner, means no dinner for me!!! 
@jasonislame  boooo! What are you doing after dinner with parentss and/or tomorrow?
Lunch with @courtneyrae11 ! @wesleyk83 couldn't make it. He had too much homework. 
@NathanBacon there was a sunset but no i'm just going to the diner 
Last night in WV   Dinner and a movie with Keeley and the happy couple!
Skipping out on dinner with girlfriends family. I'm not feeling too hot. 
doesn't know what to cook for dinner 
doesn't know what to cook for dinner 
doesn't know what to cook for dinner 
doesn't know what to cook for dinner 
doesn't know what to cook for dinner 
doesn't know what to cook for dinner 
doesn't know what to cook for dinner 
doesn't know what to cook for dinner 
eatin dinner then back up to rita's. i miss sammy 
@NatiChan mk, but it won't be till after dinner 
off to have dinner with strangers who don't like me 
Dinner was chicken and rice after a cereal bar.  But then I ate the rest of my chocolate covered blueberries.  
waiting for @PriceAtkinson to finish the yard so we can eat dinner... at this rate it might be 9pm till we eat 
's dinner consists of frosted mini wheats. 
@ericaeeks  I'm sorry, I'm in the middle of cleaning and cooking dinner 
i'm in the mood for some pancakes from ihop. too bad my breakfast buddy ain't here 
1 hour nap failed. 4 hours later I feel better. Dinner at 11, then bedtime 
Going to bed without dinner 
wonder what's for dinner. it's so collddd  brain freeze
@RamyG i was eating dinner 
now im kindda hungry... i didn't have breakfast and dinner yesterday 
Slightly hurt I wasn't invited for dinner... 
Seriously, tmrw I want to go to bed right after supper! I have like no energy for 6:30 
No more french breakfasts 
is having a bar of organic white chocolate as Brunch 
sitting at subway expo for dinner because we need to wait for 45mins if we're having dinner at lerk thai  i want tomyam!
dinner time.. chinese.. i wanted chicken 
Dinner last night was good. But I just don't think I'm into the guy, no spark 
My breakfast was soooooo sad...  I'm still hungry!
Dinner done and time to sleep - hate it when my holidays are gonna end -  juat 2 more days to go 
Just had dinner.. not much of an apettite... 
I don't have an appetite and I'm at a buffet  this saddens me
All dressed up and ready for Graduands Dinner at college. Last ever 'formal' - sadface 
had a good tech meeting at clubZone - dinner was sushi 
making dinner with my son 
Looking forward to having dinner cooked for me again tonight! What a wonderful man I have.   Could use a nap before dinner though!
is home from justin's farewell dinner.. don't die!! 
soup for dinner 
http://twitpic.com/2y6rn - Dinner was yummo tonight!H/made tuna patties and Mediterranean salad! @mister_soft this ones for you 
ok that dinner rocked 
i can't wait to see her again.. for dinner 
Lunch now. Be seeing you 
enjoying #mesh09 breakfast with katita, @davefleet and @thornley  waiting for @scottemac...
Dinner in the spar carpark again lol, nice sunny day so not so bad 
@cazyuen http://twitpic.com/2y96t - You should have seen dinner 
It would be nice if a bunch of people just died right now.  Wouldn't it? and Supper.
I really want me some iHop breakfast. Sounds delish. 
Dinner was delicious and so was the discount. 
At the wafflehouse eating breakfast 
getting breakfast with the grandpa 
Breakfast then out and over to see my little monkeys 
@butadream hey, you are welcome here anytime, I'd be honoured to make dinner for you 
Sipping mimosas at the bar waiting for brunch to start. Ahhh... 
Making dinner for my self 
watchinq the fuqitive. breakfast smells qood 
needs a good restraunt suggestion for dinner for just me and my husband anyb suggestions would me appreciated 
is getting ready/walk/dinner with the girls 
Another porridge for dinner tonight, I can't get enough!! I think I'm having another one for breakfast tmrw 
@thewebcoach 2 soccer games, planting in the yard and cooking a big fat steak on the grill for dinner, than family movie night 
going to my makotos for dinner and the comedy club. soooo freaking excited!!!! 
relaxing dinner on the water with dad and kyle 
eating dinner, then haning wiff mollie  @htrux21 i miss you i miss you I MISS YOU.!!!
Out to dinner with victoria! 
is going out for dinner on a patio somewhere.  It's SO nice 
@annaylovekaykay it was good and fun (: well, im off to dinner soon; i'm starving! 
Making dinner, canning wore me out. 
finally decided on dinner. subs!  yummy
Dinner on the beach for the second night in a row. Florida living is the way to go. 
Making dinner then gettig ready...... What what... 
preparing our meal 
We served a private candlelight dinner through the hail tonight!  Just another innkeeper memory.  
Going to go eat dinner 
delicious dinner and a couple glasses of wine @ 3 corners 
Home from party.  Leftover sausages &amp; coleslaw for dinner for the next week or so.  Fantastic time had by all 
is going to make the yummiest dinner tonight 
Probably not gonna have dinner because nonna forced pasta down my throat at 3pm 
about to go out for dinner 
well, im off to eat some dinner and ill be back soon 
@dbdc LOL!!! You're funny!! Thanks for brekkie,It was lovely  What's for dinner? lol
just got back from dinner at the crest. getting ready to watch sytycd 
great dinner great r&amp;r with the bf 
Breakfast in bed while making designs for my new tote bags. Lovely 
is watching dinner impossible.  http://plurk.com/p/oyua6
I've decided to cook my own dinner 
I had pizza for dinner and it was very good 
Eatign Lunch 
Dinner's over! Stuffed like a turkey on Thanksgiving.. 
Going to go have a Roast Dinner 
enjoyed church and friends last night and is going to breakfast with her honey this morning!!  Breakfast is her favorite meal to eat out! 
just having a browse at various web sites, then getting ready for Roast lamb Dinner round me mums!! yummy 
Eating breakfast in bed 
getting ready 2 eat breakfast! byee! 
My meal while heading back to groningen   http://twitpic.com/3lija
Breakfast time 
Offically awake , at brunch 
shopping with the hubs n dinner lata 
@qcattq - am making a lasagne for dinner and will leave enough to serve to kids tomox - then you shouldn't have to do much with 'em 
is off now as she has dinner 
I'm supposed to be getting dinner ready but seeing as I'm on twitter I'm obviously not cooking 
Eating a Peruvian breakfast, yum 
been to a barbeque... recovering 
My roast dinner for one is in the oven! 560 words to go on this assignment but I am not feeling too bad about it .. in for Tues 
Eating a lovely roast chicken dinner! 
Going out to dinner 
@steverubel oh you must ustream that dinner conversation. Would love to hear it. 
Just ate dinner! Yummmmmm stir fry! 
is going out for dinner tonight 
Is sufficiently stuffed after dinner  kanakattack to the max. Lol
have already  eaten 5 meals before dinner  sounds like a guy
@raqqers Oh i love come dine with me too! 
will eat dinner in a few minutes 
eating sushi that i made as my breakfast in bed, and its still tasty 
is having dinner at cafe cartel marina to celebrate raymond's birthday 
Breakfast with the boo 
Thanks @woozlegig for my breakfast pizza 
Meeting @shique for dinner and a movie. 
@bradiewebbstack ill take you out for dinner 
dinner then finish my mage profile i think 
has just got up + is eating breakfast 
i was enventive and it has payed off..... best dinner ever 
was inventive... and it payed off.. best dinner ever 
just getting up! and having breakfast  yum!  
having merienda at dinner time. dinner's gonna be midnight snack. i can't skip meals. eating is love. 
making dinner- here's hoping it works 
Today was so-so ..Dinner-brown rice w/green curry chicken + avocado slices ummmm can`t wait ! Gym first... 
I bought a 3ft long puzzle of the Last Supper  I just have to mail it. I wonder how many piece it has...
is cooking another lasagne for dinner with family tonight 
At dinner with marie 
dinner and target with the bf was fun 
just ha5 dinner at We be shushi. We be happy 
Breaktime! Lunch is brown/red rice, fried milkfish and corn on the side.  Gosh, I'm famished.
@missthaithai hahaha  love you! Dinner soon??
Off to be a dinner guest! 
what's happening now? Is it safe to go make dinner?  #awaresg
Making dinner together 
Making brunch 
I am cooking porkchops and baked potatoes for dinner tonight. 
what's for dinner??? 
finished eating dinner  http://plurk.com/p/rcx37
cooked my own dinner. eggs, pizza and toast. 
I get home later from work than I do on a night out. Killlerrr! Lunch with H today  lovelove x
just had a nice dinner... the dessert was especially awesome 
@tornadoliese I can assure you if we went to dinner that your meal would be safe.  You on the other hand.... 
Breakfast was good, just as expected 
eating breakfast. 
eating breakfast with my parental units 
is excited! Going to a dinner date (+kid) at a posh resto. Dinner was a prize I won from a quiz show. 
Breakfast with my boys 
says: Dinner was a hit, now time for a soylatte before going to the movie!  #fb
@SnarkyTech morning! missed you, was making an omelette + bacon for breakfast 
is starving!! it's dinner soon though, thank god. or not.. he hasn't done anything. I'll thank mom instead, cos she's making the dinner 
is home after a lovely day!  and just had a steak dinner cooked by her wonderful mum 
going for a walk with mom, then cooking dinner! 
@jen004 hiya hiya! What's up? I just got back from a dinner auction and then ANOTHER dinner at a restaurant! But I ate in moderation. 
Thanks to @creativlyfierce for a great dinner ... I'll try to return it at breakfast tomorrow 
is having breakfast with highlander 
I love that in vegas I can go for a meal at 1 am and the restaurant is full 
right, better go check on the sandwiches then its time for a shower  family dinner later :|
eating breakfast 
Dinner @ yourthai 
@sadaton aw, I wish I was at the izakaya. hope you've had a nice bday dinner 
the beach was fun, and my essay is done!  chinese for dinner, and desperate housewives for dessert 
Eating birthday cake for breakfast 
just had dinner now resting it off 
breakfast then a little more gambling until we leave....can't wait!! 
Wow my head is pounding but now onto writing my paper.  Lunch with the neighbors after work 
Breakfast time. French toast and some watermelon  yummmmy.
moo..i'm excited for dinner! thats quite sad, but i don't mind! 
is enjoying her day off, Brunch time 
Just been out for dinner at the best Italian restaurant  stuuuuuuuuuffed
Is at my mums havin a roast dinner 
breakfast with carribays. medallos. and cousins!!! 
@rizzotees at brunch now, so anytime 
Just stuffed my face with sunday dinner 
Research and planning instead of brunch and mimosas. 
@sophiebaron very good! max was impressed. haha.  well, we went to the firehaus for dinner/drinks.  let's just say...i'm 21 &amp; enjoyed it 
Also time for Dinner. 
Just got done with supper. It was really good since I microwaved it. 
I am excited to have a follower I know.  woooo Jen!  Dinner was really lovely last night, I enjoyed my leftover sushi in belk labb too!  
preparing my breakfast 
dinner with authentic italians 
sooo happy right now :] my life is perfect, i even got sushi for dinner 
eating the delicious meal @BREAKINGxDAWN84 prepared for me 
@ranaragab mrs. doubtfire was supposed to be out with the fam for anniversary dinner and robin was supposed to be at a business meeting 
Breakfast meeting, surf is a bit rough. Another beautiful day!  http://yfrog.com/6nzekj
@brittany_shaw  movies &amp; dinner was nice as always! miss you
http://twitpic.com/4j8mu - The dinner table in the villa ahhhh carbssss 
Is off to get some dinner 
Going to have dinner. bbs 
my mummy is cooking dinner just for me because I missed out when everybody else ate. I feel &lt;3'd 
Finished my Lunch 
Needs a yummy breakfast after her shift 
@JennaMadison Dinner done, shower done, now time to chill with block of chocolate 
is making breakfast . 
is going out for dinner... just the two of us... niceeeee 
@dbdc LOL! I hate when that happens!! All hyped up and its over before you know it! Lunch sounds nice..hope you have a nice time. 
having my dinner. eating bangus.  it's a fish. 
is full from a nice dinner 
@MrDDG classes. n bout to make sum breakfast.. 
oh man had great nap (still alittle tired) having pizza for dinner. 
@tarajean09 What's for dinner? 
Dinner with the parental unit is always grand 
Dinner with the fam... I have missed them 
Off to dinner with @rademach &amp; his fam. 
@MissSaraBee haha breakfast will fix that  w/ a large cwoffee
Home from dinner with the parents 
Dinner and A Movie with the Hubby 
Dinner with Gma and the big sis by the water!  yummmmmm
just came back from karaoke &amp; eating dinner with emily. it was sooooo much fun 
@TheRealJordin so wednesday my mom is making a huge special dinner &amp; whatnot to celebrate the new single, just so ya knoww 
omgoodness FINALLY back from dinner with the fam bam! 
Dinner was fun, sat next to this cute old couple  made me believe in love again. 
just had a great dinner with my wonderful girlfriend. 
@CandyMaize its ok..i was kinda feeling ignored anyway  And its sunday arvo 330pm. Going out for Lunch &amp; WINE!
just finished dinner - it was yummy 
I'm going to town on these two dinner rolls and some dark chocolate  yummmm
Finally home after a night of dinner and drinking with friends.  Going to sleep now, hoping the bed doesn't spin too much.  
@stanlopez awesome..am headin there that nite after my grad dinner  c u then boi! hehe
Going to get dinner with the parents 
Sitting down for a nice English breakfast. The one meal they do right 
Oh my 'Mix Khichadi' seems to be ready now .. time for Lunch  !
http://twitpic.com/4wtom - This day is soo stressful! Geee.. Lunch was a blast tho! How are you guys?? 
really bored today. just ate a bowl ful of rasberries and grapes, now i'm waiting for my dinner 
is hang out for dinner with my beloved mother 
just ate dinner and am STUFFEDDDDD. mostly satisfied (nerd alert!) bout the dessert. yum-o. 
Digging for supper. I'll be back. 
breakfast for the mommy 
@Shannenp well i am going to drogheda after dinner going to visit my nana nd my granda! then i think we might be going shopping.  X
I'm such a good daughter. Breakfast in bed for el Madre, mhm 
Just got back from my aunts house!  was fun, but now I will eat dinner and later on to a teathre my school presents...!  brb!
going to have sushi for dinner... 
is waiting for her roast dinner  and has been up for agess
Is making mac and cheese, and getting ready for dinner at nana's 
making breakfast for my mommy 
Nothing says nutritious breakfast like donuts. 
Looking forward to a nap then dinner with the 'rents 
Going for dinner at pizza express and then going to the cinema 
@DubarryMcFly Going to have dinner.  xoxoxo
@miasantos19 when are you free? Lunch with sina che 
is going out for dinner 
Dinner with Coy's family and mine, so much fun! I love my families! 
Dinner today is at Etta's ... Pic of the salmon for @thefishie  http://twitpic.com/4yog4
@Bellaaaaaa Aww we're putting down the @DAzzletwinz for bed, but you have to come for dinner sometime. @StealthRose and I would love it! 
Enjoying my yummy dinner 
@Jamerichin Lol I don't have a problem with that lol  are you going to make dinner too?
Watching Little Rascals while I eat dinner 
hust ate my dinner right now.  pork chop is the best!  I'm so full 
Out to dinner with my sister 
@kevinw66 no honey, the Aussies have played in the sunshine and now have retired to their respective homes for dinner 
Breakfast seminar this morning, full english for the second day running; not doing my fitness drive much good, but nice all the same 
my breakfast started wid lunch!! So ummm do i get dinner now??!! happy that tabby came 
school, culinary, hair, comfirmation, dinner 
hmmm dinner was devo !not good but mums bought me mio mousse 
just had dinner  back to work
@MasterBoozer LOL, me too but even I don't drink wine for breakfast 
Breakfast: sausage biscut . Hashbrown and 1 apple pie! 
is going to eat dinner..  http://plurk.com/p/tr2ii
yum yum eating out for lunch and dinner  thank you mod 
@jazzwhereas   We can go out for dinner or someting! you free?
making yummy dinner for everyone 
http://twitpic.com/5c4dg - fuller center meeting/dinner party...more like a submidnight snack.  tired as hell for those wondering... @ ...
having the hubs cook me some dinner 
is out for dinner with mommy 
Dinner was yummy yummy yummy 
is getting ready to into #17mai breakfast 
elijah's feeling a little better now (after puking at dinner). just say a prayer for him if u would. thanks. 
had a heavy brunch. blame gluttony and greediness! 
Dinner in France on the other hand - well that's something else entirely 
Lunch, wine &amp; beach   
@acatinatree I wish! It will have to be a virtual dinner 
@akarra I think you're definitely about it ;) I will read over a yummy breakfast 
going to dinner with the fam 
making breakfast 
Off to the dining table, finally, the dinner was served! I'll be right backk. 
is eating my packed Lunch i feel about 10 yrs old lol 
Breakfast iz on da way fo me... 
Going down to find some dinner for the wife and me 
@dra6on fairynuff. Goes well with Brunch too! ;) there are others u may like will save it th 4 ya nxt birthday or somethin 
Sitting downtown with dad waiting for dinner  headed to celebrations later
cooking breakfast.  then ironing my clothes, then off to work.
----&gt;Waitinq for mii dad to qet back with Breakfast&lt;---- 
Making breakfast for the kiddos 
I have decided on scrambled eggs and bacon for breakfast tomorrow.... still about 8 hours away but I can hack it 
is hungry and trying to have a healthy breakfast versus what I REALLY want  - pancakes!  
Why am I up right now? Breakfast in bed sounds really good. The mixture of my two fave things - my bed n food 
going to get ready , off out for dinner 
@tim_mckee Breakfast burrito it is! You can check out my new crib after breakfast. 
Just had some good breakfast now I'm back to sleep 
@AnneliekeB no need!  I got to take my dinner with me upstairs! 
heading out to italian restaurant for dinner 
dinner was delicious - now planing our trip to italy  this will be gorgeous ;)
Just asked a friend if they wanted to get linner &amp; I lost them. What's so hard to understand it's like brunch only lunch and dinner 
Is off to the boyfriends for sunday dinner 
is making my dinner 
heading out for dinner and drinks.....what a lovely sunday evening! 
Still, I had a mean roast beef dinner and a wee snooze 
why does the ad have to be on at 11am why not 12:45 or something when im on Lunch 
Eating a wonderful sunday roast lamb for dinner 
is waiting for my roast dinner 
http://twitpic.com/5djyw - Lunch. I've got 2. 
Cocktails and lunch poolside 
Dinner with @selenagomez and @tylorswift  i love you guey
Having a sausage corner for dinner 
has just finished cooking breakfast.  http://plurk.com/p/ufkqm
Dinner party with new roommates was fantastic! I also love that they are into dinner parties 
Dinner of champs, sweet tea and cup of noodles 
I said I'm making dinner. He said what are my options. I said whatever you want. He said spaghetti. I adore he 
is making nachos for dinner 
Going for Lunch  
@stfucatherine I shall be on it after dinner 
I'm dancing around the kitchen to my ipod making dinner for my guests 
i'm cooking dinner tonight 
I feel like an entrepreneur... But then again, it might spoil my dinner (tsch boom)  
@jshe lolz hope u enjoyed your dinner 
Dinner was sooo good  Downloading, 'the hitchhikers guide to the galaxy' I haven't seen it in aaaagggeesss Haha :p
@JanaAlyssa It is 11:30 am here, so I haven't done so mush yet! Breakfast, some reading.. 
Cooking for dinner  Japanese food today : P
made a beautiful dinner 
is frustrated! but excited for his meal with jenny! 
sushi for dinner....what a way to end the day 
is waiting for the husband for dinner  http://plurk.com/p/uj2qf
Is anyone out there interested in getting breakfast? 
eating sour straps again, making lamb for dinner later, and not starting homework tonight 
is steady. // 3 mile walk = check! // Breakfast w sharon and kristin tom. 
can't wait to find out where my surprise bday dinner will be 
going to get sushi for dinner 
making breakfast 
Eating breakfast 
@nathanwright I can do 6-1 for dinner. 
Eating dinner. Just finished confession. That sure makes you think. Lol 
eat my dinner... yum 
went out to dinner had chinese it was yummy 
@GoodBoyGoneBad oh my so early, i havent even taken my dinner yet ahah! goodnite 
Looking forward to a yummy marinated ribeye for birthday dinner tonight followed by some delicious programming. 
is home from dinner with barkada  http://plurk.com/p/ulajo
eating breakfast 
Wish we could have created some awesome dinner with @raqueltherocket and @benetoss but a taco bell chalupa will have to suffice for now 
has finished!!!!  bring on the Annual Dinner!!
Breakfast just like my local greesy spoon  get no ketchup or brown sauce  but can be asked for.  http://yfrog.com/0z4vtjj
Breakfast @ koffiesalon 
Weekend plans?.... I am hoping to do a little redecorating, lots of cleaning at home &amp; cook some breakfast food. 
just finished dinner  yeah you all really needed to know that.
Havinnn Breakfast! then goin shoppin  x
@Imiz yes that really helped!  so are you expecting/acceoting guests? 
Havinnn Breakfast! then goin shoppin  x http://twitter.com/Ashleighh12/statuses/1880570734
Finished heavy Lunch, feeling sleepy now 
Going to breakfast with @toro7553 soon.  i love good breakfast.
can't wait for dinner tonight 
Q. Whats best times of friday ? A. Breakfast and Lunch Times 
@far1983 Lol, i usually take Late breakfasts..  I am a semi nocturnal..
@xdidi lol.. have fun with ur dinner 
breakfast club is a gr8 movie!!! 
We have a new dog. Walking along boni high, looking for a decent restaurant and wanting a nice decent dinner 
back to work, also waiting for dinner with TurkTurk 
Dinner by the beach waiting for sunset with a Singapore sling and a fruit punch  http://twitpic.com/5onvs
Dinner with abish and frankie 
just got back from dinner with ayshea  hehe.
That was a good meal 
is home. just had dinner. going out for a pedicure  http://plurk.com/p/vgu57
Lunch tIme 
in the cafe having a late breakfast!!! 
hitting the table for dinner. 
cooking a fancy dinner tonight. 
@Firefly99 and where are they on display, and ambar and baba are owned/operated with the same menu exactly, apna has a buffet for dinner 
@whybluematters not much, just got down eating breakfast 
love me some chicfila breakfast 
is hopefully getting some sushi for dinner tonight! 
@Laurafreedman well I had a lovely lie in, had a big breakfast and now watching ghostbusters 
The kids are totally excited about cake (they think it's what we're having for dinner).  It looks delish! Thanks @smarthippo and @Krusk!
Eating breakfast 
I'm out...need to finish some mowing, make pizza dough for dinner, and plan the menu for the cookout....it's gonna be hot today!!!  
just woke up and ate a huge breakfast now getting ready to leave and texting lol 
Lunch with my niece tessa!! 
Having a yummy breakfast 
@barbonne Too much fine wine at a gourmet dinner, I suppose? I think not. You were up, enjoying it and, tomorrow, bring on the chocolates 
Eating dinner - I'm hungry! 
cooked my first roast with all the trimmings for dinner tonight!!!! turned out awesome 
I need to eat one last meal before bed. And then it's list making for me! Gnight tweeples.  #gno
Thinking about what I will have for dinner tonight.. I will probably be cooking for me, myself and I 
Just ate the delicious dinner I made  http://twitpic.com/65va5
@starfish1211 how was dinner!? 
@cwierson I love you, thanks for dinner 
just done eating Lunch. i'm so full 
Watching the breakfast club. 
off to get dinner, twitter from mobile 
