Most common words for this cluster:
[('disney', 300), ('disneyland', 85), ('channel', 42), ('today', 34), ('world', 33), ('pixar', 31), ('day', 29), ('http', 25), ('i', 25), ('na', 21), ('home', 19), ('movie', 17)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Disney', 0.9368333220481873), (u'Walt_Disney', 0.7770640254020691), (u'Disneyland', 0.7684606313705444), (u'Fantasyland_facelift', 0.7240782380104065), (u'Magic_Kingdom', 0.6821460127830505), (u'starlet_Demi_Lovato', 0.6786729097366333), (u'DISNEY_WALT_CO.', 0.6658734679222107), (u'Universal_Studios', 0.6592533588409424), (u'Disneys', 0.6549776792526245), (u'Rena_Langley', 0.6468852758407593)]





@vomitto ahh ai dreptate Pixar 
I just got denied ~sexual contact for a Disney movie with The Rock in it.  I am none too pleased with this.
Last day @ Disney 
Space's last day, so last day working at Disney until who knows when   I can't believe this day has come
@damnhelltall: I'm so jealous you are in Disneyland 
I still love the movie &quot;Wish Upon a Star&quot; with Katherine Heigl... too bad Disney doesn't show it anymore. 
Fourth Shamu in a raw to be away from maison 
@Jozza u lucky booger, wish I was.  However, shrek has left the building! On the down side I have Shrek's mom to deal with today 
Still no joy for the Pacifer.        Disney questions, anyone?
I just spent 3 amazing days in Disney World.  I miss it already.  
@DSmoove So jealous you went to Disney!!!! 
is wishing his back felt better.  I wanna go to Disneyland.  
@disneykid08 Is Disney going well? I feel like we never talk anymore 
finished New Moon and excited for JONAS, if only she had the Disney Channel on her TV  Youtube better come thru for me.
Rochelle left to Disneyland yesterday at school  I think I had a heartattack when I couldn't find her at lunch. I totally had a tantrum 
@officialnjonas: I don't have Disney Channel  I'm so sad...
@Stilgar702 Awe I love Disney, but unfortunately that makes me think of my ex. 
Just got back from Disney land! Second day in a row, sooo gonna miss it 
@KimilovesJB hahaha me too, we've got same thought here.. i wonder when Disney Channel Asia showing the JONAS and SWAC, 
off for breakfast with the #magicalmoms...so sad I'll be leaving Disney today 
@Ohsotragical It's not Disney, bb, but I love it too. 
I am scared that the Disney channel's mind numbing output may rot cara's brain 
At the mouth of Disneyland, but not going to Disneyland. 
I miss Disneyland 
The next Disneyland candy dish sold for $78. I wish I'd never found out how much that sucker was worth. 
@Dangalangg Gets boring  Disneyland once in awhile is good
Paying the price of wearing combat boots to Disneyland...  Massive blisters, ow 
@_Terri Wasnt able to see the Jonas episode!  The hotel didnt have the Disney channel. Oh well, I'll prolly watch it online.
Tired and stressed..... trying to cancel a online subscription to Disney and their web-site is like a maze.  
@m_andrea I want to watch Peter Pan!!!  that's my favorite Disney movie ever!!!
Disney &gt; Home .....  #fb
No fair. I'm sick with a doosey of a cold. Missed Disneyland yesterday, and I can't tell if I'm well enough to go out today. 
@BM5k I miss Disneyland.  even more demented, I miss you crazy fools
@FairyFootprints, I looked for some magic at the videomovie store. I didnt find any till I went to Disneyland, and now it never ends 
sittin in the dark listening to Disney music cuz ive got nothing better to do 
@Shrek1337 truuuuuue story lmfao! im on this at work cause i get bored 
I think the reason why I like Disney Channel so much is bc when I was younger I was always skating when it was on... I NEVER got to watch 
chilling with Ava missing our Logan who is at Disney without us 
I should b happy by my 3 days trip to Disneyland this weekend but my father's biopsy result is monday so my mind is not free  Hugs &amp; love
http://twitpic.com/5cbm3 - The Disney adventure is over!  ...but im excited to come back in Aug!!
Space Mountain is closed 'til Winter '09. Succesfully fought off suicidal thoughts. They're gonna make it smooth like Disney Land 
Just came back from the Bahamas. Off the Disney ship and on the way to the airport. I miss the cruise. 
I let my baby girl go 2 Disney World w/ some family@ the last minute! Now I change my mind! 
was supposed to be a beach day, but the weather isn't nice  Instead....Disneyland!! I love So Cal.
On, no, sister is watching Disney's Tarzan... I want to watch it too 
Just got his last schedule with actual days off.  A week from today, I'll get my last Disney schedule 
@moonfrye Disney??? I want to go 
@Shrek1337 cause am too tired to wake up that early Lol and get it makes sense I'm so tired but I can't sleep 
@nicko236 Yeahhhh. I watch all my Disney Channel episodes there. Australia Disney Channel is soooo far behind 
Okay, who broke @Live365 ??? I need my Disney park music fix  
No more translating  But Disneyland tomorrow woo!!
Couldn't sleep last night. Kept dreaming that we didn't have time to do anything at Walt Disney World and kept having to skip everything. 
@Shrek1337 lmfao oh wow what a dumb ass haha!  I'm bored too and I'm hungry 
I feel so empty without an episode of Jonas .. can't wait for this saturday! Disney can't do this to us 
Just got home from Disneyland.  Never order mexican food from where mickey mouse lives.  
Huge day today: shopping, CA Adventure Park &amp; meeting the mouse himself at Disney. Following this a delish meal. 1 day to go 
Disneyland might just be me and john... Tara doesn't want to return phone calls or texts apparently. 
@CristaltheGreat  no you aren't... umm... I like Disney toons.  
@Visadharah I'm still at Disney (just trained at Soarin), Rose is the same, we applied for an apartment last night, and Eric lost his job 
On our way to Disneyland... Without Retsi 
@charlej47's going to Disney World, lucky bitch. 
Disneyland was a blast yesterday now back to work 
@Disney_Dreaming what?! miley's gonna quit hannah montana?...i don't wanna believe it! 
@eep2001 Might have to cancel our Disney trip this year.  Not too thrilled about it.
@tommcfly i miss so much the old animations... i really loved Hercules, from Disney. haha by the way, awesome show yesterday, guys.  Xx
@KristinDaMama I work for Disney...not all it's cracked up ta be.  
http://twitpic.com/67bpd - This store at the airport is as close as we'll get to WDW during this trip.  
@Lilayy YES.I loved Disney...and I still do haha.How karazzzy is that?But I've never been to Disney....blah!! 
Im calling into Radio Disney now.i made it through but me being the idiot i am cut it off by accident...now its just ringing and ringing 
@LMontt I went on a Disney Cruise when I was a kid, but the characters were on strike so there weren't any 
@DonnieWahlberg The Disney Store is not treating me to well with hours  I realy want to go on 6/13. I willdo anythig to go to the show ;-)
@elsystarz agreed  stupid Disney!
I wanna go to Disney World again. 
@mitchelmusso damn i am too late   stupid Disney Channel  i got sidetracked 
@SarahSamudre We usually wait for Pixar films to show up at &quot;kids' club.&quot;  Much cheaper with three kids, but such a long wait 
Morning Neverland! lol I really hate getting up at 7 on Saturdays for work  lol
Toy Story 3 and Cars 2?   The effect of Disney owning Pixar.  Hopefully it won't be straight to DVD quality
Godspeed Disney Fairies.     http://bit.ly/ByeTink
Last day at Disney  going to Epcot.
Woke up 2 hours ago expecting to go to Disney or Universal. Adriana flung the alarm clock across the room which means we stay home today. 
@cathicks if I worked at Pixar I could walk to work. 
So sad.......just saw one of the Disney cruise ship  off to the parks instead http://yfrog.com/03p8oj
Back to work, still sick  @ Walt Disney World Dolphin http://loopt.us/X2S1Rw.t
Oh noes! Here comes the Disney-cry part of Narnia  *weep*
Nooo! wizards is over  now is up Sonny with a chance @ddlovato is so hillarious!Disney people are so talented I realized that 2 secs ago!
We drove to DisneyLand for nothing.........It was a block out day 
@pato_30stm ya  I want to go to Disney world.. I've been to Disney land a lot of times.. I know the whole place by memory already so ya
Awwww maybe Bronnie can have his mommy take him to Disney 
@NathanFillion UP:  Saddest Disney/Pixar movie to date.  
Just got home from Disneyland. Exhausted and annoyed that the fireworks got canceled... I had my camera too... 
@Moonflowerchild you can get into Disney for free??!!! You may be my new best friend/hero. I am a shareholder, yet no free tickets here 
Why is there no Disney Channel in Holland?  
@StereoSean feel better and play well tomorrow.  I'm still deciding if I want to go to Disneyland tomorrow or not. 9am is early
Lost my HK Disneyland umbrella  I've had it for 2 years. I hope they find it.
HSM now on Disney Channel. MEMORIES 
@Lexus73 inlaws were to b here last night for Disney trip. Tire fell off dolly pulling van so they were in Indy at 5:00 yesterday eve. 
all packed up. A little shopping at Downtown Disney then headed to the airport 
@pink82 I miss the good old Disney cartoons, before everything became digital and politically correct  and I've dropped it before to lmao
http://twitpic.com/6c6t7 - Bye Disney 
@NBKorey @NBJoey @SierraVE I've never been to Disney world  One of you should take me some day so I won't be a loser anymore
I hate that the next two Pixar movies are sequals  Toy Story 3 next year (2010) and Cars 2 the year after(2011).
Kennywood is so packed 
My 'UP' plans got cancelled  #UP #Pixar #Disney #movie #IMAX #3d
Disneyland yesterday...so fun..but now im tired 
@confessing7girl Yeah! Disney rocks! Lol, well my streaming is rubbish! So slow and skips alot 
I can't go to Disney tomorrow cause of that stupid training. It's not fair 
@shaunarawrr_x  I didn't think so.  They dissed the crap out of Mickey &amp; Disney though 
Enjoyed UP, but a lil sad.  And why oh why Disney-Pixar do we have to wait so long for TOY STORY 3?! One year!
WoC (and my dog at home still needs a friend)  @ Disney's Calif. Adventure http://loopt.us/d-mOLA.t
Helping one of my TA's modify a client's trip to Disney World. -trying to save them from cancelling- 
@hannahsquared I bought you a present this week and Disney ain't got nothin' on this!!!! Btw: I missed u at morning coffee/tea time! 
I'm going to Epcot then Hollywood Studios and then I must pack for the travel home. 
@Jnessa Disneyland.... I want to go to there.  
I really want to go to Disneyland right now 
@ashleytisdale Upsss!!Sorry no more wildcat  ...BUT forever Disney Princess &amp; a cool rocker ;)
@teddy_dunn unless mine comes before the 16th although you'll still get it first cuz I'll be in Disney World 
Watching Disney movies with the kids tonight and hoping to be asleep by 10pm after doing bible study. I miss Jason! 
Pixar makes me cry 
i miss my girls @whoppergirladv &amp; @crazyirishkimmy  wish they were @ Walt Disney World w me
working my way thought masses of work I have been given, whilst listening to the Wishes sound track...oh how I miss Disney 
I want to go to Disney World and meet Mickey!  But no by plane, it scares me!
I was in Disney world at this time last year  so bored with life
Watching Beauty and the Beast! I'm 22 tomorrow and rather gutted about it  reliving my youth through Disney movies! lol xx
Epcot waitin for the fireworks went in mission space feelin kinda sick 
@snoozenstein Yes, I'm afraid Cartoon Network in the next few years will fully transform into Disney Channel 2 
Yay! Seaworld field trip tomorrow with the 2nd grade kiddos!!! and last day 
This is the only non-terrible Disney park related app, but not for WDW.  http://lmnt.me/pu7r (iTunes link)
wants to go to Disneyland! 
I still haven't seen Up... *hangs head in shame* I'm a sad excuse for a future Disney cast member. I can't help the fact that I'm $less. 
Back from Disneyland, couldn't get a pic with Pooh! 
packing up to leave Disney. no fun at all  fireworks last night awesome again!
Watching Step By Step when they go 2 Disney. I miss when ABC shows were forced 2 have 1 epi when they c the mouse. I wanna c the mouse. 
How sad....another MGM dolphin has died... 
Lost my iPhone @ Disney. 
@popstarmagazine that's cool I'm going on a crews but I don't think it's with Disney  but anyway cool have fun!!
Disney animated films are better than their pixar counterparts...END OF... Work was okay tonight, busy though. missed big brother as well 
@CaptainTapole Thats funny because I'm the opposite, my recent disdain for Disneyland/Disney is not shown my at my desk either. 
@officialnjonas  what about us in Canada, we don't have the Disney channel 
@MiszJuicyBaybee im guessin ya don't got passes for Disney rii?!  ahhhh lol
In the emergency  room with my boy, broke his arm the first day of summer break...3 days before our trip to Disney 
Just watched hercules with The girls.. Disney syndrome sucks 
@mitchelmusso So your Disneyland show is for media only? WHAT GIVES? 
I miss the Shrek Oreooos! 
@milad_21 Are you serious?? They said it's the best Pixar movie so far!! 
I am just about to left home in thirty minutes, nothing else to do, I wish to be in Disney right now 
@laurabotts Much further down the coast in suburbs of Miami.    Swinging near there tomm to lunch with dad before heading to Disney.
@headbandHEATHAH Apparently Disney fans  JERKS.
Woke up and got ready to go to Disney this morning. Unfortunately, I was the only one who got out of bed. 
Waiting endlessly for a bus to come to take us to Downtown Disney. We leave for the airport at 2:30. 
Gonna watch some TV... The N is getting better than Disney Channel   (I can't believe I just said that!!) lol
Back from Vacation. I want to go back to Disney World!!!!! 
@Paramount5ive were you in Gvlle? I woulda invited you to the townhouse to pregame and to the party with us. BUMMERRRRRR... 
Well this sucks it's raining at Disney! 
Yay yay! Jim &amp; I are at Disneyland- too many people. I can't find the mouse. Lots of Goofy but no mouse 
I wanna go to Disneyland. 
Deliriously composing a FOTC/Disney songs medley in my head. This is the day that just won't end. 
@faradiddle - WILL -SO- DO. No doubt 'bout that! &amp; omg. I never went.  Only went to Florida Disney World. (Such fond memories though!)
@lostinmiami well he did say he doesn't follow me at Disney 
Disney land... Not as magical any more.  the bench in Story Book land is my favorite ride as of now.
@kryssitheboss dont get to drunk. I havent seen all my Disney figures  lol. I feel like a child here. LOL
Too bad I don't have a lady to take to Disneyland with me.... I have free tickets.  
nevermind...no Disney 
Saw UP 3d tonight at Cinemark and it was good and sad  but it wouldnt be a Disney movie without someone dying in it!
last night in Disney 
@EricMillegan congrats and have fun in Disney too bad I am on the opposite side of the country  again have fun I did when I went years ago
I want to go to Disneyland so bad! 
@JayGreasley Pooh  I was hoping to do some video work today 
@therealsavannah idk  N their mic doesn't work to well apparently. SO, Disneyland!!!
I'm really sick and i'm at Disney World! 
I need my Disney funny!!! 
Rediscovering my love for silly quizzes. And Disney. Wish someone hadn't sold all of my Disney movies at a yard sale 
like at this stage writing into HR or Disney isnt gonna help they didnt give us enough notice 
I'm back and I'm bored, I can not listen to the radio, Radio Disney has a problem 
@Disney_Dreaming my sunday is over now  school tommorow !!pfffff
lost my iPhone on Manta at Seaworld  wth
I wish I were a Disney kid 
is watching Shrek and about to make dinner. I feel like crap. 
@EttejNahgaem I would SO love to be at Disney's Summer at Sea Cruise, but I live in Germany.   
Billy elliot-sound  Shrek- costumes 
Lakers or Orlando: who will win 2day or series? Both have a Disney, so where would winners go? SA lost so my team is at home watching 
@wavesthatcrash lets meet up at Disney or something. I haven't seen you in forever. 
Great 2 days at Disney with Miriam...flying home tomorrow afternoon. 
Thanks Tonys.. now my image of Shrek has been emasculated.  
@BClove I had to miss it. And Hannah Montana. And JONAS. Ugh. I want my Disney. 
Leaving Disneyland after almost 12 hours there.. They said they're not doing fireworks tonight  fml
@singlegirlie I feel your pain. Disneyland today on 3hrs of sleep 
They now give you a set amount of food at the Fantasmic dessert buffet.  No more unlimited cake.  
@beanchef mm i concur - plus - they arent really keen if i am not studying at a uni/tafe. lame. i love Disney so much 
This sucks. Were going to be driving to vegas when JONAS will be on. I hope we go there early and there is Disney channel in the hotel. 
So I tried to do some magic for a few ppl at SeaWorld today... I have never messed up more in my whole life. 
And i totally forgot the J.O.N.A.S first ep today on Disney Channel, i'll have to wait till next monday now! 
I wish I was at Disneyland with @jkusumoto &amp; everyone else  but SLO is funnn. I love my sisterrrr
bummed that tickets went so fast for the Walt Disney Studios and Archives events.  
@khleo_t http://twitpic.com/7haob - AHHH so jealous Ive been to FL a couple times and still no Disney World 
Drove to Disneyland..... and drove right back 
@rob_rix interesting - Hybrid did two different mixes of the track, but Disney didn't release them  http://bit.ly/xMiXT
I have no money after Disney. 
@Jaquesk3 ah because he believes people don't want to hear him sing   So I'm wishing Walt Disney will sell out but there are still tixs 
@Hernamewaslolo Disneyland is full. No kidding. We are turning around  they won't let us park. DCA is still open.
@AnissaMayhew this coming weekend? and what Disney gig? so i guess that's a no  #TypeAMomCon
I missed my calling when I was in Orlando... I should have been working for @attractions - missing Disney/Florida BAD today! 
Everytime I watch something on TiVo that's on the Disney Channel, there r always commercials for other things I want to watch but missed 
On the way home from Disneyland 
I don't know HOW but I seriously messed up my ankle at Disneyland.  Icing it right now 
@Janefensom nope don't think I saw that one  loved the Simpsons ride, Shrek 3D, Studio Tour, animal actors show....
@iBeen And yes, I do heart Disney! Sing-a-long night after you come back?? I miss Mufassa 
Why is February 8 months away? I want to be in Disney 
Headed to a meeting for Disney. I guess it's finally time to get to work  lol
lonely at school, no one here  behh:/ lucky that @addibug is at DisneyWorld! 
i want to go to Disneyland... 
I know I just came home, but I'm a little sad because my WDW annual pass expires today 
Disney movies failed.. computer ran out of batteries so I couldn't finish the download 
Leaving Kennywood due to weather 
@Moriba_TheKing it doesn't even stop with Disney .... It's everyone 
Chillin in the hotel room, bout to get some sleep. EPCOT in the am and then Downtown Disney. Last full day tomorrow 
@donnahk Sorry, Donna. I already bought Disney land trip for that weekend.   I'm so sad. I'll be in for 3rd Annual trip for next year.
happy wednesday morning   I'm at work but no sun to hang out the window for today   off to Legoland tomorrow so very excited!
My awesome Husband's birthday today!  We're usually at Disney World, so he's a little bummed. 
Disney channel decided it doesnt want to work. 
@Remelyn foreal I pray that jj no be sick anymore cuz I'm suppose to take him to Disneyland 
 Radio Disney isn't playing anything here! WTF??
Saw this at the mall just now.  I guess that's how Disney makes its money  http://short.to/g6gg
I hate hiding my tears. Especially when I'm at Disneyland.. 
Well they don't have a phillies big screen in Disney world 
@coast3rkid I miss Disney 
Pooh; holes in my fingertips from quilting. V painful 
First I can't go to the Lakers Parade now I get to miss the crap going on at Disneyland tomorrow. 
DCOM stamps - Stamped as Sydney // Disney Channel Characters theme!: They are all busy or far away.  Any pet pee.. http://bit.ly/41raTi
Just got home from Disneyland my feet hurt 
@aiqqap NO!  But I could eat it.Yes,I've no qualms about eating Pooh. &amp;what's that supposed to mean.A reply? Or repeating someone's tweet?
leaving Disney today! 
Has only 6 more days to go at Disney 
BTW, I'm watching some sort of Disney princess movie with Filips' little sis as a break from the photo shoot. It's raining outside 
Supporting Smallville &amp; GD for the teen choice awrds. But come on? Who can really trust the judgement of teens? Disney will dominate 
@Disney_Dreaming He is so cute,  but I feel really sorry for him 
I would KILL for the design job in California for Disney!!!!! 
@jlknott I had two favorite bars at Disney, but, they're closed now 
is celebrating her engagement at Disneys Hollywood Studios and Magic Kingdom before departing tonight! 
Kobe at Disneyland today... Aww I wish I was going today instead of tmrw!! Darn!! 
is sad that Disney doesn't have more Jasmine stuff  Cinderella and Aurora are such wusses...
@justPeanutty I'm jealous! I've never been to Disney World! 
Just got rained outta Disney  http://myloc.me/4lwC
sitting in my room watching Disney Channel with gause in my mouth and towel wrapped around my head. 
Haven't seen a single Disney character all day. 
Disneyland was fun, but us boys got the flu now.  Wash y'r hands!
My parents are taking my kid tonight to leave for Disney World  2 weeks and 3 days 
another reason why Pixar is incredible. the story is the definition of happy/sad. leaning more towards sad.  http://u.nu/3q5d
Awwww she passed away 7 hours after seeing the movie.     http://is.gd/15MGb  thank you #Pixar
we are finally at Disneyland.  Traffic was a nightmare.   well just 2 hours at the park  
I really wish I could go to Disneyland this summer 
@keepitfierce yes  I think were going to Disney Hollywood Studios tomorrow. Our shuttle leaves @ 8am and then Pulse later that night
Oh shoot !!! I didn't know Kobe was in Disneyland, Anaheim...today...!   
So now I'm applying for a job at Justice for Girls. Fantastic, nothing but Disney slaves and the JoHoes. I am so desperate for a job 
@do0dlebugdebz yess.because they just granted a dying girl her last wish.Pixar is awesome.im gonna cry now 
@Christyxcore we don't have an IMAX theatre in Ridgecrest 
Just got back from hanging out with friends, Disney lackeys all.  I suddenly miss working for the Mouse... 
I was wondering why Pixar was a trending topic - after investigating, I feel like I have to cry...      #pixar
I was wondering why Pixar was a trending topic - after investigating, I feel like I have to cry...      #pixar http://bit.ly/2X385Z
Such a sad story  I wish compassion was contagious.  (Pixar grants dying girl's wish) http://tinyurl.com/l52gvv
Just heard/read about the Pixar story.. Wow  I give my best to her family. What an amazing story..
@P0150N0U5F15H I know  i was reading it and just felt so, emotionless :/ it's so sad she died but it's brilliant what Pixar did
@andrewcrawshaw There should have been a warning on that link  very sad but incredible of Pixar
Pixar grants girl's dying wish to see 'Up' http://bit.ly/BaWFD 
Pixar granted a dying girl her last wish. I think I'm going to cry, 'scuse me  http://bit.ly/8hIIQ
Pixar grants girl's dying wish to see 'Up'- http://bit.ly/5NMvY  
Pixar grants 10 year old girl's dying wish to see 'Up' http://tinyurl.com/l52gvv 
shares Secret of the Magic Gourd sa Disney! (lol) HAAAY CHN1 days  http://plurk.com/p/1277jl
Wait, &quot;Disney doesn't pay&quot;? Besides that, I want Utada to stay.  http://heartstation.org/?p=1303
http://bit.ly/5NMvY for this reason Pixar rock. This is a sad story  C/O @perezhilton
Just kidding.  We cant watch it cuz the sound is being weird and we cant hear the people talk.  Stupid Disney Channel.  
 why oh why did my parents have to get rid of Disney Channel???? no PPP for me tonight 
 PPP in 11 mins... I wish I had Disney Channel *lame*
is bummed...crocs.com sent me someone else's shoes...no Disney crocs for Disney...  http://plurk.com/p/129nec
watching Disney movies makes me miss Disneyland 
@hi_imcynthia  did you see that post about Pixar screening up for the little girl? so sweet.
aww that Pixar story made me tear  po thang..
@starletta8 I know! That Pixar story was so awful 
I really want to go to Disneyland so bad!!! I miss being a kid 
Why does Walt Disney insist on making me cry? Oh, Bambi. 
I just saw the green Fantasmic light flash from afar 
Went to Disneyland today. It was quite busy and I did not beat my Buzz Lightyear score. 
@vsolana awww  the disney channell is good tho! I watch iCarly all the time!? I think thats on the Disney Channel??
Just got back from Disney, no street magic today  Waited for fireworks for almost 2 hours then they stopped the show not 10 min into it!
Disneyland is sooo much fun!  The hotel is nice and Internet is free having a blast!  Wish I had a boyfriend to share it with 
I'm EXHAUSTED. Disneyland isn't all fun and magic after all. 
why won't they let a 40yr old take his Legoland driving licence 
@pinot - Pengen rasanya Firstmedia masuk area sini  Nyetel Disney Channel seharian dah.
Disney Talk: RIP: Wayne Allwine  http://bit.ly/aV9x0 #inspiration
I momentarily regained faith in humanity when I saw #lions in the trend list, but alas it refers to sport and not Disney movies 
Mandy's gonna travel today, like... now! Disney/NY  Wanna go again.
I miss Lizzie McGuire being on Disney Channel! 
@Disney_Dreaming aww man thats kinda far away.  what work would you want me to do? maybe i could work from home...
@angelinababyboo LOL. I'm obsessed with this place but the past two times I've been here I haven't been to Disney. 
I wanna go to Disneyland tonight I'm finally feeling 80% better! I know that no one else will wanna go 
@missmonkey22 hahahahaha I read your tweet and wanted to do the dance and it made me want to go to Disneyland 
I love Disney movies but Up is soooo sad 
@laurasaurusrexx IKR  i think it was the only Disney movie that actually showing a death scenes. but Simon and Pumba was hilarious 
Reminiscing about Classic Nickelodeon shows.... 
@tomrob7581 Loved the Drowned World tour - unfortunately couldn't afford to go when it was here at the MGM. 
Anyone want to help me with my for-fun novel? I got writer's block and I want someone to research Disney World w/ me. 
@rustyrockets he's a cheeky bastard.  but space mountain isn't what it used to be ever since they mined for all those Disney Diamonds 
Disney for the last time with the annual pass 
Moms leaving tomorrow   but she will be back so we can go to Carowinds for a much needed vacation...
Wanting to go to WDW for my birthday.  I know I wont...
I miss those old days when I was still majorly obsessed with Disney Channel. I obviously don't like it as much anymore now. 
@rustyrockets I went to Disneyland today too and space mountin took my phone for a ride 
My phone is lost in space .... mountain that is  at Disneyland  
@MGiraudOfficial I wanna go to Disneyland!   Tigger's cute but Mickey's still the HBIC imo. #happybdaykrisallen
At Legoland, waiting in a long queue 
I feel like watching Disney movies 
@vioviovioleta 'Twas grrrrrreaat! I wanna see it again...but it made me miss WDW 
@velvetdementia Yep, $75/day + tax (so $80/day) to get into any of the Disney World theme parks.   It's why locals never go to the parks!
Sickness fail. 105, 104, 105. Just a few of my temp readings.  Disneyland was cool though.
At Fantasmic and now we wait for 1.5 hours 
@thekeenanator  oh darn! I'll be there for work actually, but I'm hoping to sneak away and go to Disney for a few days haha
unfortunately, it means the difference between miyazaki and Disney's Atlantis 
Disney mania at dalia's !! Hungry  want more updates on iran, god be with you my friends !
@DarkUFO  I would have actually wanted to go back to Disneyland if they were
Totally worth the wait! I cried like a baby! Fantasmic is awesome! I miss their show believe! 
Home with a small ill boy, a day of Disney channel for me  Mind you... disney channel versus work, hmmmm disney it is
@modernmami I want to go to Disney too. Take me with you ... you'll just have to wheel me around in a chair and I can't go on any rides 
wishes she was going to Disney World with her sisters and their kiddos 
@DisneyDean @KristenWDW I always dreamt abt goin but I never got to go as a little girl  I was actually hooked on Disney when I was 4!
Disneyland blockout days suck 
Studying pediatrics and listening to NKOTB (as always!). The kids are pissed cuz they're trying to watch the Disney Channel 
Another fun time that was worth staying up late on a work night for. Besides, Sushi and Disney's Gargoyles = all kinds of win. 
Getting ready to go to Seaworld 
I would totally drink the Disney Koolaid if offered the chance.  
is gonna get on Toontown then beddie bye. 
@gamingangel Hopefully you mean the Disney Utena and not the Mickey Akio. 
Disneyland with the family today - finally renewing my annual pass! 
Ever since Weds, I've been telling people how I should just move to Disney after graduating. Each day I've had many Disney references! 
A BIG birthday shout out to my son, Noah!!! 7 years old today, time really does fly; savor it. Off to Disneyland 
@MussoMitchel LOVED you on Radio Disney yesterday!!!!! 
50 days til the big move to DisneyWorld!! 
@comeagainjen I am jealous.I can't wait to see Disney Earth on Wednesday...it looks really cool.Animals on a large screen.awesome. 
also, bought some Disney Princess pencils, rainbow colored alphabet stickers, and a iron on patch of the Earth @ Target...  Good day.
@lexrouse yes- when it was owned by Paramount u could 
Downtown Disney in a while 
Disney movie marathon night.! Night two. Lilo and stich.nemo both toystorys. And monsters inc. i feel like a kid again! 
@nick_carter He wanted to see Pooh! Haha 
Might ride a Segway today  I tried them before in Disney Florida and they're really cool.
Had a great date night with BEST FRIEND! Toy Story and work tomorrow! YAY! I love Disney days. 
Note to self, don't buy Disney Singstar 2....listening to the wife and daughter singing using Disney Singstar 1 is torture enough 
Sending my audition to Disney channel soon.. for a original movie! Im so exited.. you have no idea.. so stay tuned guys 
finally gets to work on our Disney cruise scrapbook today!  By the time it's finished, we will be cruising again! 
@ARoadRetraveled Taking the girls to Disney on Ice later today. A few chores around the house. The usual  Are you packed and ready to go?
&quot;This is me.&quot; &quot;That's a Disney song..&quot; &quot;Really? Ha, I'm cool&quot; - Brothers &amp; Moms conversation haha 
Get it EX! 4 days until Disney World for the Cheerleading Worlds 
@ryanhawiya yeah i wouldnt care if i was in a Disney channel movie! but i really wanna be in a horror/thriller 
I can't wait for JONAS, Dadnapped, Hatching Pete &amp; Princess Protection Program to air here in the Philippines!! Disney rocks! 
@heidimontag its almost midnight here, and I went to Disney On Ice today... It was pure happiness  Have an awesome sunday, Heidi!
Mitchel Musso is now on Radio Disney;  go listen!  I'm listening ohyeah. I'm home alone, missingg some old friends.
@Sondra_ the highs and lows of Disney... enjoy the parade 
Just survived Soarin 
really hopes that the Disneyland books I just ordered don't really take 5-9 days to get here... I would like them now please 
just got  home from Disneyland 
@CupCakesAreYumy let's go!!!! Disneyland sounds like fun right now  lets do it!!
Enjoyed the day with Alex at Disney 
@chriscuzzy Mermaids are almost extinct and should not be kept in captivity. And that's Disney's fault! Or so I heard! 
Watching Disney! ) (LOL.) Usual naman eh... 
@heidimontag hanging out at home, watching Anastasia (: One of my fav. Disney movies 
finally! On the way to Disneyland (for my birthday!) made it as far as Gilroy tonight 
@Mr_Disney Oh yeah, the random followers are fun. tweet something out of the ordinary and they'll follow. 
Leaving for Disney with Courtney 
Leaving soon, not sure when I'll have wifi again. Bye for now! Disney, here I come! 
totally wanna go back to Disney World in Florida again soon! 
Awake. Going out to Disney. 
@bradpowell ..?? Meeting with Pres of Disney... that's great to hear and pleasant surprise....would love to hear more on this outreach 
Just watched the first two episodes of JONAS on Disney On Demand. Super cute. 
In Disneyland getting fast passes for splash mountain and it's my bday 
Getting ready for a party.  JONAS is on tonight! Watch it on Disney Channel!
Watching Disney allll day.. The 365 thing with Demi gets me excited for her tour 
Getting ready for black tie thing and cannot for the life of me remove my daughter's Disney fairy polish from my nails. Ah, well. 
@HOLDitUP so that doesn't seem completely off topic, I was thinking about how fun it would be to go to Disneyland today 
About to finally get some sleep before Disney with the bestie and amazing people...night!!! Xox 
is home alone  - The family is in Legoland!
High School Musical 1 !!!  on Disney Channel )
@jojo2002jl I know, the characters in the film are really cute  Even the bad guy  Disney still got it 
@JJReich     that last quote from Walt Disney fits right in with my word/thought of the day - BELIEVE   http://tr.im/klOR
now watching sonny with a chance. I love thee Disney Channel 
@Brittanie Ah, yes. Woot sells one thing a day until it runs out or the next day comes. Yesterday was neon Disney clocks. 
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them. ... Walt Disney  #quote   
Thankfully Disney channel offers wonderful programming for me late at night. 
forgot to tweet that i think its just ADORABLE that Jacob likes the Disney channel 
Listening to the Disneyland fireworks from Jenn's house.  
the new Disney show JONAS...crazyyyy cheesy, but I of course like it   (and am hoping that it gets better).
Home from Disney...best time in a long time...howl at the moon tonight for GBA and then BHB Tuesday  oh drummer boy  niiight
@KimEl Not enough time for Disney World.... might just have to watch the Disney channel instead. 
Hitting the (fairly empty) shops in Orlando! Off to downtown Disney later  http://tinyurl.com/cdsuws
Hot damn, I'm at fucking Disneyland! 
@ MGM grand, mraz on stage! No doubling back opener.  lots of old memories flooding back 
Finally a Black Disney princess. 
Omg. Its 1:47 am and Kim Possible is on Disney Channel right now. I am glued to the screen 
Done at Disneyland, kid's knocked out, stopped by the hotel bar and grabbed a grey goose &amp; tonic on the way up...peace 
is wtaching HannahMontana the best of both worlds concert on Disney Channel 
We sat up front and are now licensed co-pilots of the Disney monorail  http://twitpic.com/4ypsy
Sanwich co, yogurtland, and now playing Disney scene it what a good day 
Watching Disney's &quot;The Great Mouse Detective&quot; on DVD!  The conclusion film in a Disney movie night mouse trilogy!!  
@AmblyopiaKids I'm sure it's not easy for you or her so I am wishing you both all the best on the patching &amp; Disney. 
Off to Disney World today to meet with a childhood friend. Always good living close to Disney all friends end up there eventually 
im watchin Alladin on Disney XD 
@teachmama I booked a three night trip to Disney for two weeks from now w/out telling Jason. Surprised whole family at dinner last night 
is having dinner with Shamu (yes the whale) in less than 68 hours 
in PARIS. Go to Disney. 
@tigerlillyhere Madrii it's Disney world country or something like that, it's in my car, I'll tweet you the title when I leave work 
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them - Walt Disney 
@gregorylent  I loove the colors. Looks like something Walt Disney came up with after hours...
I'm thinking.. skip Disneyland and just go to ESPN Zone for the game. It would be just as magical 
I love old Disney movies. 
did some shopping for our upcoming vacation to Disney 
@Rhane apologize to the bacon, not me  Its all gravy. My house is Disney prepared.
@jduff84 try allears.net or mousesavers.com ; those are both very reputable &amp; Disney discount travel sites  my mom is a wdw travel planner
Sundays. Relaxing. Curled up in a ball of blankets watching re-runs of old Disney shows. 
Disneyland of Gomorrah -- or even Disney of Gomorrah works  You heard it here first 
Disneyland was amazing, but I can't stand the sun. I'm so fucking red. :\ But, the bus ride home was pretty funnnnn, 
@solitaireclay07 yup there's always Disneyland, universal studios, knotts, etc. 
@karaleelove So you still on for Disneyland?!! I hope sooooo 
Disney shows then bed.  perfect way too end the night.
My art history essay has Disney pictures on it 
had a good weekend. I finally got around to beginning to start organizing our photos from Disney World (3 weeks ago!). 
on the way to watch Disney on Ice with the kiddos... I think I'm more excited than them! 
We're recording with Disney today! I'm excited 
13 more days until I go to Orlando, Florida when I'm there I'll be going to Disney World and Sea World!  
@patriciados Sounds like you're in an old school Disney princess movie. 
@megancb85 of course! I can't seem to get enough of the Disney Channel! 
Feet sore, shoulders sun burned. But otherwise then amazing day at Disneyland. 
Disney studios today. Still haven't decided if I'll go on the Aerosmith rollercoaster or not. 
If you can dream it, you can do it. -- Walt Disney 
Daughter is Blessed, she's going to Disneyland after school!  HAVE FUN!!
Jusr woke up - kids are excited because today is Disney's Magic Kingdom and grandparents are here with us now - Mickey and Minnie today 
@mattbacak so exciting!  I'm planning a trip 2 WDW in the fall. the 3yo first time.  
My boss brought me Disney mints from Anaheim! 
@kelseysilcox Did you know they're making a Ramona Quimby movie? We have to go see it together! That cute Disney girl Selena plays Beezus 
@hopeisdopee hahaha she's the cute actress on Disney channel. Lmao &gt;.&lt; idk  I watch Disney...-_-
@therealTiffany Hahah! I wish I could be in Disneyland right now.  
I wanna have a Disney wedding 
@AngelG76 new Disney Pixar movie - same ppl that did Finding Nemo and Monsters, Inc! 
I just madeeee it toooo Disney Land!!!! 
off to the itty-bitty Bavarian Disneyland 
@Gailporter w00t for the fluff, have a great time at Legoland 
