Most common words for this cluster:
[('do', 1606), ('na', 125), ('today', 89), ('quot', 71), ('u', 66), ('time', 55), ('day', 50), ('lol', 49), ('tomorrow', 48), ('http', 48), ('work', 47), ('com', 46)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Do', 0.9999707341194153), (u'Did', 0.724268913269043), (u"Don't", 0.7144752144813538), (u'Can', 0.6999768018722534), (u'Does', 0.686151385307312), (u'Would', 0.6600859761238098), (u'Dont', 0.6497392058372498), (u'Why', 0.6470097303390503), (u'DO_NOT', 0.6300600171089172), (u'You', 0.6281425952911377)]





I just let my EverQuest 2 subscription lapse. Just don't play it anymore. Don't have the time 
Don't have any hot water.... 
@EllenDeG ellen......... Do my messages not get to you.......  if you didn't notice i'm sad. I try so hard to communicate wif u
@yasminkaye Do it!! Don't be grumpy though, that makes the internet a sad panda 
@sohmer automated offiste backups for that sort of thing = happy no more drunken deletefest ruining your life. Don't ask how I know. 
Pooooo!! Do i have to go to work today!! 
@SheKungFu It wasn't mine!  Don't give them to me. 
Don't tell the women about the Mycocepurus smithii... bad day for male ants everywhere 
Don't say no, puh-leaseeeeeeeee!!!! 
@SKDickey Don't forget about the race! And how can you like oatmeal? I cannot stand it. 
Don't want to get up out of bed 
More boxes sorted. I am v v v tired now  Don't know what's for dinner either!
@jakepjohnson I've been saying for months that we're going down.  Do you believe me now?  #nufc
6 hours sleep. I need veges, but am getting picked up in 25 mins and am in my pjs. Don't think I'll make it 
@ninbroken52  I have a friend with a lot of scars too, makes me love him more. If you get him, glitter polish on his nails!! Do it!
I'm at home today, on the sick.  I hate it. Don't like having to phone work and let them know I cant work. If only I could make a wish
Don't send me text messages 'cause my phone isn't receiving them. 
@rossgoldberg @FasterWebmaster @russiandiva @FeliciaSlattery @markshilensky @JasonDeVelvis @ShannonHerod Don't hav 2 much fun w/o me!  
@allanxpress i don't have internet! Don't even know when i will so i don't know what to tell you 
@ichin Don't hate on dentists! They have the highest suicide rate of any profession, 'cause no one likes 'em 
Don't feel good 
is packing her bags. Don't want to leave 
Don't want to do homework. Don't really want to do anything else either. Don't want to sleep either! ...I want to cuddle 
Don't you hate it when you trying to get at someone on myspace and they don't reply to your message? Isn't that the worst? 
Don't know what to do tomorrow 
@rustyrockets Russ serious now, do I smell? Do I have invisibility cloak on? Do I look like you may catch summit from me? Baffled 
is trying to avoid getting up to delay the evil blood tests today! Don't want to go on my own either 
so tired  Don't want to read anymore  cannot take in more internal medicine  should rest 
Don't know what to do for my lunch 
@dressydoll Aw  Don't worry it didn't last that long na tipong may storms. :S
@mmsa aww  Don't worry m'dear, summer will soon be here!
Do I really have to wait another week for the next installment of 24? 
I got enough sleep but still tired. Don't want to work today. 
@raylol16 so what if ur friend is feeling her too- how is she supposed to know which one to choose?  Don't be jealous-not attractive dear 
@GrizzlyCullen I don't think you have ever made me think that.  Do you want one to be?
I dreamed of dog training last night... Don't even have a dog right now 
@TemujinScott Don't know how  lol
Do not want to go to school 
Don't want to study  ...and off-topic, I am going to force myself to go to yoga tomorrow at 9:00 a.m.!
Note to self: Do not over-indulge on white chocolate. Oops, too late. 
Do u ever wake up on monday morning and think  I should have been working 18 hours days rather then enjoy the W ? I feel like that today! 
@JoeSabatini Don't worry, unfortunately my questions don't require much forethought  
Morning all....just having a quick fix in between ironing!  Don't you just hate ironing 
What?  what happned? Do you think youll be able to go to school?
Do you all really have a seperate tweet deck group for me? 
@simprograms I can't decide for another hour or 2. Don't want to say yes unless @tszcheetah agrees and I can't reach him atm 
So tire! Don't want to start my day this early! 
@bizarrejelly My thoughts exactly. I really can't stand his voice  Don't tell the fangirls.
have a toothache &amp; suspect it's that wisdom tooth I've been neglecting. Don't have the energy or cash to deal with it right now 
Do u think pinkberry would deliver overseas?! I have fallen in love and we don't even have it over here  I am so deprived!
Don't feel well but I have to go to college because coursework is due in today 
My phone won't upload any photos to facebook. Don't know why. 
Sitting at home. Don't feel well and can't sleep 
@kriss_creol Don't think i have the time, or the finances for that matter... 
@GeorgeVHulme Here we go: http://www.revisualized.com/bookshelf/index.php Don't mind the mess in the background on the last picture. 
@cless55 You don't reply to me nowadays...  Do u think I'm spamming u?o.o
Don't think I will make it to 100 before I'm off to bed.  
Here is a pro tip. Do not eat food sold out of trucks, even if it smells really really good. 
@minibrat Don't rub it in! 
Here is a pro tip. Do not eat food sold out of trucks, even if it smells really really good.  (via @MrSocial) good advice!
@Jintanut I'm still up for auction rofl. Don't make me floss  #flossylove
@BlackCrush Do you have tickets ? )))) I wanna go with friends. 
Don't recommend ordering dominos online 
I'm sorry.  Don't be mad me, I love you...
@the_4th_floor my tickets aren't here and everyone else at work has had theirs   Don't ruin my birthday next week pls
Don't feel good loaded with flu 
@XXXAimee too old?! Don't be daft! No, forgot to even print it out in my rush to leave on thurs!  I'll do it tuesday! xx
Don't you just it when the person you are trying your hardest to forget keeps popping up everywhere and everyone seems to know them. 
@airliebee It just feels so incredibly heavy, sad &amp; numb. Don't know quite where to start 
Thanks all !ubuntu for the ideas. Trying a netboot again. Currently is installing the base system. Do not know what I did wrong before 
Do I have to get up? 
Don't read twilight before you go to sleep you'll start dreaming about the awesome vampire family u could have..  and the hot boy 
Don't say that @SeanMertan !!!  pray for me!
is weeping slightly and having a fag after carting several bin bags of crap across town from his now ex-bf's  Do so-called 'breaks' work?
@ingridmusic  Do you have gluten intolerance?
Do women ACTUALLY dress up for women? That seems a little weird to me... I really don't care what other women are doing or putting on 
Don't know what 2 wear.... 
Loving every minute of the ou reunion! Do i have to leave? 
Don't know what the hell I'm doin up so early on a sunday 
Don't you just hate freak accidents... especially when something gets broken!  
Don't you hate it when you get bad news!! 
If I'm going to watch the reprises, I have to turn of the radio... Don't like that.. 
@hithah I hope chase feels better  Do you like how I get wackier and wackier the later it gets?
Hopes she misses her flight. Don't want to go home.  *sook*
Going to a superhero and villian themed party tonight. Do not know what to wear. 
MrSocial: Here is a pro tip. Do not eat food sold out of trucks, even if it smells really really good. 
Don't write me off just yet 
Do you still think of me?? (I think of you) 
@erinmusicluver it's been happening to me too recently. Don't worry. You're not alone.  &lt;3
@Teresamerica very welcome ... but your last sentence didn't complete. ..&quot;Don't even have jo ...&quot;  
@joeymcintyre I can't because I used up all my vacation time at work. Do you still love me? 
@MattGhere I'm gonna miss u on idol this week   u were really great! Don't forget it..your fans love u! I guess i wont be voting anymore
Do all guys never answer their phone? 
@DataVonTeese Awww, I'm sorry you have wedding fuss.  Don't let other people get you down. It should be what YOU want.
It's not worth it. Don't bother.  http://plurk.com/p/rn9su
@SarahKSilverman But the &quot;w&quot; looks like fangs.  Does that mean Jews are vampires?  Don't wanna be a vampire. 
I did my eyeliner so perfect today. I'm sad to take it off.  Do any of you have those kind of days?
Don't you hate it when you go to bed.. fall asleep for an hour or two.. and then wake up and can't get back to sleep? 
Do I REALLY have to go to class/work/live tomorrow? 
Do I REALLY have to go to class/work/life tomorrow? 
@grandita  better follow the instructions and use that sunscreen, otherwise you'll really be in misery    Do you have any aloe???
Don't like the rain very much 
Note 2 self: Do not wear a pair of stilleto boots to a bar w/ only standing room! 
Don't wanna do my final paper on the topic of science of procrastination... 
Don't you just hate it when you wake up to the fact that paint you applied in the kitchen the night b4 is not a nice colour afterall 
Don't you just love these fake twitter accounts adding you just to promote their spam.. 
Getting ready for school. Don't want to goooo 
Up and atem.... Don't feel good this am   tired as hell tooo 
Morning all! It's raining again. Feeling really fed up today. Don't know what to do with myself. 
Don't want to get up. This is the first sleep in I've been able to have in ages 
@NikkiHamlett Don't remind me! still got some work to do  and no its not code, just a line from forgetting sarah marshall haha
@jrp2w I don't wanna wake up at this ungodly hour. Don't make me 
Do you know how hard it is to get a pick off the floor when u dnt have nails? 
Don't wanna go to school.... Really bad weather is suppose to be happenin soon and i hatttte it! 
I'm makeup-less and tired. Don't fuck with me today. 
Don't worry tilda mine looks more horrible than ever too 
@juliankimmings none of them #cms. Do 2 much that U cn nevr hand ovr the admin 2 a non-developer. ive looked many times 4 a simple cms 
everytime I get the vaccine...i get sick  Do I really want to chance this new vaccine theyre making?
@Shonrisse Don't feel bad, not only do I need to put their clothes away, but I need to switch out their winter clothes for spring/summer 
@KeytaJ aw naw?! Don't say that...they jus took my money 
No! Don't turn off the dryer! Now my clothes are going to smell. 
Don't know how I'm going to say goodbye. 
Ugh...I think H1N1 has got me...  Do you think chicken soup would help?
Any Voicethread users?  Do students have to have an account to comment?  I can't get it to work 
Doing an experiment to test...Do all plastic shopping bags carry the same amount of weight without breaking..why do they make me do this 
Do I ever stop doing homework? Negatory 
Don't wannae learn suffering, death and resurrection 
Not in the mood again. :|  I know its mother's day and all but I'm totally bummed out bcoz of my mom. Don't ask.
Don't want to work today 
@SonicThrust Don't you have to get up at 8 tomorrow anyway? 
@SarahAshley_ Don't count on it 
Do i really have to go to school tomorrow...? 
@FreeChrisBrown Do you actually like that lakers? 
Do NOT want to go home!! This restaurant is amazing... Cheese plate on it's way also, waves lapping at feet. Almost plane time though 
At the bar waiting for my friend. Don't know the bar tender on duty, but apparently he's ignoring me. 
...Or be actual friends of people I can't stand. Do I now hv 2 watch what I tweet?? I may actually hv 2 think b4 I start tweeting. No fun 
Don't want to go to work 
@Leediyah Don't think I can do tomorrow 
Waiting for my final blood collection!!! Don't u just hate glucose tests  'vomit'
Shit, need milk as well. Do not have. 
Is finishing up a group project at school... Don't really want to pull an all nighter before our presentation but I have to.  miss the Zzs
Don't you just hate it when you bookmark a page but it was years ago and you've got no chance of finding it by page title 
Do not use your kids as weapons to score points off your ex. It ain't right 
Do we have possums in this country?! If yes, i saw a dead one 
I've got a pounding headache  I never get headaches! Do not want 
So freaking sleepy. Don't know how or why I went to bed 2 hrs ago and now I'm headed back to school. 3 finals is 3 days was a bad idea 
@elysion32 mwah! Don't say anything wit cakes! I'm so hongry! 
Is a lil ____ova...... Don't know how I'm going to make it through this workday 
Complaining to the council about refuse collection. Don't actually expect them to do anything though 
Don't think I'm motivated enough for a double lesson of english - I've been revising it since 9 
@eric_hoffman I like this rule &quot;* Don't recruit friends or family to promote or defend your work.&quot; I was asked to do that at my last job. 
@elyouseaee I do! I was going to do something with it as a bday present once upon a time, but never finished  Do you wanna use it?
Don't want to get out of bed and go to class.  But I must 
Just woke up! Don't wanna work!!! 
Don't think I'll get to see my boy again before he goes home... sad 
@DourMetal Don't hate on the Spambot  http://bit.ly/kFuRH
had pancakes for breakfast! Don't wanna go back to christchurch today 
Don't have the energy to do anything 
Do i really have to work tomorrow? 
Don't think I'll work on my book tonight... got a weird headache. 
Do we have t wait till 2morrow....??? 
Don't you hate it when one of your best friends just...sort of...drifts away from you.? 
Don't like the twitterfon update. Makes it look like I got a lot of @ to  me and I didn't 
@angpang95 did you get back to sleep? Don't think I managed more than a few hours 
wants to make a film over the summer, possibly a rock opera movie or a horror film. Don't know where to get cast and help from though. 
@AlexAllTimeLow ugh, worst. Do you go all cold and feel like you wanna see breakfast revisited and just not wanna talk to anyone? Happens 
... Do I have to study? 
@reszzpati way too tired indeed. I wish he sleeps and eats well. Don't wanna see an exhausted Noopy on the finale. 
@Kelliekk Don't leave!  We love you!  
Don't you just hate it when you get to the last 'uns of your fox's glacier fruits, and all thats left are yellow ones...    
Don't want to do French homework 
@tigerllilly What did you go to surgery for, babes? I'm glad you're doing well. Don't go getting sick again. 
Resting all day. Don't want to go back to work tomorrow. 
@siriusly_me r u ok? Do u want to talk about it? I'm sorry that happened to u 
Don't wanna wake up  wake  me up when september end's
@krrrissa my parents do that to me too...they used to just provide money to buy food..but even that doensn't happen anymore  Don't starve!
is off to show some houses and miss the first half of the game.    Do me proud Lakers!!!
@DjInfamous804 hey Don't yell! I was makin sure ;) boooooo! 
I love this show a bit too much &lt;3 Don't want it to end tomorrow!! 
Do i have to go to college this morning  i dont want to get up
@taherafridi I wish I wish I can make it so that THAT never happened  Don't be upset... I'll fix it later I promise!
@theJoshMeister &quot;undoubtedly the work of a late interpreter, or rather destroyer, of genuine ancient myths&quot; Don't like the sound of that 
Don't like the ad layout in orkut... it is now moved on the upper right.. 
Don't tell me everyone is asleep 
@ralpharama ooh no! Don't exactly know the implications of that but it sounds like a bad start to the week 
@NielHeesakkers That's luxurious clycing to a client. Do you want to switch I have a day at the office 
@gracechin Don't be so hard on yourself, babe  *huggles*
@kadambariyer Exactly! @fartingpen her idea sounds plausible. Do something temporarily. @Ishme3t ya I just realised that. 
Thinking about getting a mac... Don't think I can afford one tho.  
@lizzlaw !! zomg.  Don't worry, try again! Many people pass on their second try.
Don't feel good. 
Don't you just love it when you wake up and it feels like you've slept a whole minute?! 
Don't think my mum is going anywhere soon. She's down there singing falsetto 
@AlexWT Aww I'm sorry you got fooled by that fake sharon account   Don't feel miserable about it &lt;3 &lt;3
Don't want to play today at alll! + I forgot socks 
wasting time on facebook. Don't particularly wanna go to work on my day off 
@toniandrews I'm sorry you are unwell. Do you have allergies? That could cause diziness 
@TiaraLaNiece I'm on twitter.... Don't leave me baby  lol
Don't like being up this early..everr. can barely keep my eyes open 
Don't wanna go to the dentist! 
Don't wanna be here 
@Nopatria Do u forgot that i can see ur updates!!! 
Don't think I did too well on the maths 
Don't....wanna....get....up!!! 
@helga_hansen Do they not? Shows how out-of-date I've become. Here's hoping it's not going to stretch you too much 
Finally ran a mile. Don't know my time, though 
@MissShuganah I am glad to hear they are both fine.  Do ppl really forget the ablebodied?? 
Don't like this friday..need time for my self 
Don't know why my humans keep leaving the house in the morning! When I first moved in they were on caternity leave, but not anymore. 
@mikebaronowski what! Don't tell me you don't like it  what flavour do you eat?
Ah.... I'm going to have to have a general soon. I've never had one! What's it like? Do you feel sick after?someone reassure me! 
Don't remember being hit by a bus, so can't understand why my body aches so much 
@Orchidflower Do you think it's due to stress? 
Don't talk like you're not coming back.. 
@SGisler its true. Do you know what? the holiday is over!! 
Don't want to go to work. 
Do I really have to get up? 
back from shooting. very tired. :| Don't like my shots. 
@ReeMu I got mental and physical things to do. Don't know from where to start 
@TwinSpirits I hope you feel better soon too.   Do you know what's wrong?
Don't wanna go to this weddingparty 
@GenevaMWilgus Don't go well with free-range chickens. 
Don't you hate when you dream a brilliant idea, wake up, forget? Today I remembered! Not so brilliant after all... 
@bryantma Just make sure you keep it that way. Don't need to hear of you becoming road kill. 
@indie_danielle: Don't worry. I bought the shoes knowing that they would find a good home. Even if it wasn't mine 
Don't know how to upload pic from blackberry 
How many more years until retirement??  Don't really feel like going to work today 
Don't want to be at work 
Don't want to go to work tomorrow 
Don't wanna work today. 
Don't want to go to school tmrw  only 8 days left tho.
@BackseatBoohoo Don't become a nun 
I Almost passed out.. Don't think that went well 
Don't you just hate it when you find out that a friend isn't actually a friend because if they ever get a chance to hurt you they do.  sad
Don't wanna do homework 
@energise_ross Don't be jealous, I'm house sitting. I've only got it for another 2 weeks 
im stiil hearin Don't Forget 
@purplensive Don't count on it 
need to stop not smiling with my teeth for pictures... i make a weird face. Don't know why I started that, my teeth are nice enough 
@FireflySoap Do...... Do.... you have.. REeeaal fireflies in you?  Is that what the speckles are?
I can hear the rain and the thunder. I don't wanna go outside. Don't make me go outside 
@AmyLynnArroyo Do have any money tho.... 
@justads Not happy Ads pic  Don't you hate over paid assholes who get off yelling at the 'working' staff! C word comes to mind!!!
Don't think I did so well on the chemistry final. 
Don't rub it in nick. 
@Wisegirl892  Don't know what all happened but I'm sorry.
Don't feel very well  Going to have a brief nap before heading out this arvo. xx
Do spammers have a natural propensity for finding blogs? Have more spam comments that real ones on my blog 
Do I look like a cow? i think i'm getting fatter. 
@abrad45 where are my strawberries???? Don't you share? 
got to final table, but....went out third.  Don't think I'll be getting my free seat 
@Trentskers Pfftt... I wish. Don't have time though. 
Don't know who U R anymore!!! 
Shit shit, i didn't mean to dall asleep again, it's 9am, I wanted to be out by 9.30. Don't know why I'm so tired,I wasn't late last night 
I think I love a part of me saying some cynical words. Even though I smile when I say them. Do you think it's bad? 
@natdcook hey you, honey bear! Don't goooooooo  puhleeezeee..
@joycecherrier Awww. Don't mean to sound like an overgrown age 37 baby, but I'm still stick. Not as bad as yesterday, but still bad. 
I'm going to miss the seniors so much!  Don't goo!
@shadowfish But I'd have to drive  Or get a taxi. Do you have a pool table/jukebox?
@tommcfly Toooooom! Do a tour in the Philippines, pleeease?  I'm risking my health to get your reply. Haha!
@gohong Don't count on it 
Do fish feel pain? Yes, says a new study.  http://is.gd/Jbcg
Feeling like the bum of this recession.  Don't try to call or text me.  
@xXHAZELXx Don't think you would be happy if you were... 
@callmaggie After I water the plants I am headed to the farm. Don't have any popcorn for the goats   Katnip is looking good under saddle
@nelsoncrew  Don't hate me  I seek approval from anyone and everyone..
@ItsOneTen now you're scaring me.... can't you just be mad? Don't jip the world of your presence 
@SuprnaturlShana I'm sorry you're having a bad day   I was just looking back through. Do I need to give someone a knuckle sandwich?
@TeamCyrus AHHH! still not following!! Do you think she forgot?? 
Getting ready 2 leave 2 a girl scout metting..Don't feel like it but I have 2.....  
@hollingsworth yum. Do you do home delivery 
Boyfriend is out with friends tonight. Don't know what to do with my evening 
I'm bored... Don't want to stay home tonight, but don't want to spend money  blah
Just found out a friend and his son fell down a 25ft shaft onto concrete today. They are alive at least. Don't know much else. 
@LgnPhotographie Why? Don't be alone. do something. Come grab coffee w/ me or someone or something. Don't just marinade in &quot;  'ness :
@dustytakle They were from the past year. Don't even know for sure what all I lost yet. 
I'm kinda a little bit sad because I have no phone and just came home to an empty house  ROOMMATTESS COOME GETT MEEEE!!!!! Don't have fun!
I feel kind of better :/ Don't know yet 
Today started good but ended really bad  Do you ever feel not good enough or incomplete?...I do 
@WILLYloves311 I need ur ash tray! Don't have one!  but i'm sending that roach over there! ;)
@NoRaptors  why do people even act like they care? Don't you want me to be happy? 
NO!!!! Don't do it! 
So sleepy.  Don't really feel like packing.  
Do my shoes hurt or do my feet hurt? 
Do I really wanna leave? It becomes a big question to me.... 
Don't like dreams about my computer falling apart 
@denlrmj ay! Don't forget bout the morning 
lost a lot of following and followers suddenly...  Don't know how that happened, but will try and find everybody back
Katamoosashi says: Don't you just love violent games? They teach such valuable lessons. I'm being sarcastic...  *please don't ban me*
@ListenToFaze Don't think so, It's Janets birthday and she's having loads of people round. I don't wanna be here but I've nothing to do! 
Don't want to go to work  But I need to try and earn back some of the large amount of money I spent yesterday.
Don't kno y I'm awake rite now!! 
@CherryBear Don't have any crisps in the house  I did drink 3 pints last night though
Don't know why I opened a soda instead of making myself a cup of tea  All this sugar is starting to make me feel sick again.
I love my family . Don't want to go anywhere 
WOW! What a wonderful birthday morning. Do wish the fog and drizzle would go away though. No mail for two days again 
@Nettofabulous Don't say that, I can't cope with anymore of her hip movements or weird personality. 
My hair stylist canceled b/c she's sick but I REALLY need a cut. Do I cheat on her? It's not like she hacked up my hair. She's just sick 
Graduation party and wedding today. Don't know if ill make the wedding 
@WritingForever That's so bad  Do you have any lavender oil, that usually makes you go to sleep?
@abigail_x3 Aww  Don't worry, I'll still think you're beautiful
Don't ya just hate waking up with a headache. 
Do you guys link with iTook? Would be great if iTook would save to posterous.  @a4agarwal
Don't worry, getting ready to bust out some reviews.  And maybe a new video!  Just incredibly busy.  Aptartment inspection this week 
@mcarroll4716 don't be mean to me  u know I'm emotional right now! Don't u remember my incident last night?
Don't wanna come home!  No computer jobs at the beach!  Sucks.  
@Ilikebrownalot SO NOOOOOOT. Don't mock me 
had a great time with my boo!!!  Don't want this day to end 
Don't feel well 
@evo_terra re sound/lappy: I run the sound board at my local church. Don't think it'd look good if I had the lappy open there. 
@joannageary yeah, I noticed it wasn't your site afterwards. But that's awful  Do you know how to fix the problem. I could ask a friend.
Trying to decide what time to head home tomorrow  Don't really want to leave Clardia though.
Don't have my ipod 
@antothedrew Don't hate me  we all have flaws haha!
I don't think I responded to e-mail at all this week.  Don't have time today either!
Don't feel good 
@ddlovato Do you read your fan's responses to your tweets? Or is it a waste of time...? 
Don't know how to upload pic using Twitterberry 
@tcwong5 Aww no  Don't be sad.
Don't know what to do 
@JCannata they r here june 8. Don't know if ill make it. 
You say so many nice words to me, but sometimes you change so much. Don't allow it please 
Don't start work until the 10th 
@shelnewman Vacation is great.  Don't want to come back 
Chop't salads are overpriced and not even that good  Do foresee a long future for the brand. For me it's back to cafeteria salads...
Oh god. I just saw a really fat woman with some super camel toe.  The image is burned in my brain! Do not want!
Do this means no more kobe and lebron comercials 
Don't click on any links it seems i've posted! More hacker action is present 
So very tired. Don't think I'm making it out tonight. 
@misstrishdelish Awww, no it doesn't help that you hurt too!   Do they feel better?
@Ptsp debut. Don't leave us old board 
@theRaychul I'm just having fun.  Don't hate me.  
@ColbyNewman ew.  Don't even look old enough to shave kid.  
stop it  I need you  Don't leave me  help me 
Don't walk around in downtown by yourself.  
@ddlovato Do you read our responses to your tweets? Or is it a waste of time? 
@MeLaMachinko Do u need to talk? what's wrong 
It was a sad day... Don't think my glitter gloss will make it better 
@tukicarter LOL where mine?!?!? Don't let the dog take it!!!! 
@rambodoc So what is the alternative you propose. Do you say that Those who don't have money has to die without any treatment   
Don't you hate it when you can only find one sock. It's the small things in life that piss me off 
@Kwickks awww, you have bio all day!   Don't worry about it, go sit in the sun and revise, it'll make you happier. (:
Do NOT want to go back to work tomorrow  http://yfrog.com/5fsnbhj
@TreeinCally cant go!  I will look for cheaper universities. I dont think I'll cope alone in such an expensive university. Do you know any
Do I not want to get good grades or something? 
Don't know what to do   I'm so bored. Wish I had gone town now tbh. Although having no sister all day is a bonus   x
Do I really have to work tomorrow 
&quot;let's go! Don't wait!&quot; I heart blink 182 spewing another weekend us gone  I love music
@_nelsi @lageegee I'm gonna miss ya. Don't go for so long  of put a international plan on ur phones lol. Right haha! I wanna see ya btw
Don't make me send him away 
@dankarliner hmmmm that's weird. Don't know the answer 
@earthkid26 They can get syphillis up the ass and have their genitals rot off for all I care. Don't punish the rest of humanity! 
Don't wot to do tryin to get in touch with shan, but dont know where she is. No ones answering the phone. i have no credit on my mobby! 
I have soooooo much honework to do! Do teacher really have to give homework over the weekend?!?! 
Do not want. 
@EwanB1988 I'd hang with you.    I'm sorry.  Don't be depressed.
Note to self. Don't apply sun tan to my back myself 
My confirmation, and of course, my dad won't be there. Don't know why even expect him to be there, he never is. 
Don't throw it away 
My eyelids are only recovering from the rainbow staining... Do you think it's too soon to throw bright colours at them again? 
Don't know how I did it, but I hurt my back...well it's very sore. 
Home and ... knackered! Do I really have to do laundry now? Really? 
Don't think I'm going to make it to open houses today...  The allergies have given way to a cold!?! What a waste of a beautiful day! 
@ClaireMcKenna1 ...to him than me  Do you happen to be the middle child?
Do not feel good at all, need more sleep 
@JoyIsFancy Haha, I have video, I have to sit down and upload it from my office. Don't have broadband at home   Pics for sure this week!
AHH! Don't think I'm going to be able to finish all my photos, got 5 minutes before I gotta log off 
@valeriesgallery ooo pretty. Do you use a front or top loading washing machine, I'm about to move into a new apt which has a top loader 
Can anyone recommend a way to stop my 9 month old from blowing raspberries while eating? Don't like being showered in fruit... 
@PinkyNKOTB still can't get that pic to work  Do I have to do anything when I upload/ on settings???? What options do you choose????
@Icklesal oh yes. Don't get me started on anxiety   we could defo be a double act!! LOL
Don't make me go back to workkkkk 
@sardoc Really?  I wish youd come back! We could go to marios haha, Do you know when you'll be coming to visit if anytime soon?
I'm so tired! Do I really have to go to school?   Busybusybusy!
Don't make me go to work tomorrow.. Not good.. 
@facunditas  It's all ready now, she going to gradually move over there and see how it goes.  Don't really want her to go though 
Do I still look like this o_O??? I can't get my picture fixed 
@MikeCompel Don't count on it 
Do you think she will come back ta me??  Do I want her back? 
Feeling like crap  take a hike cold!! Don't you know it's summer??
@JaydDragyn Don't feel bad, I can't do it either   We can cry together
Don't feel good 
@Rinsey Do I get any cake? 
@jodylouize on my iphone ap, i keep getting errors, but loads fine.. Do i have the latest version? Now it has ads 
is f-ing exhausted. Don't think I'm gonna make this deadline 
Sitting in envy, enjoying a couple of chilled drinks before we head off to the airport! Don't want to leave 
Feels gloomy.. Don't want to go back to J-town hikss 
Don't wanna toto work 
Don't suppose I'll be able to tweet from the courtroom. 
Why do people who have no relevance to me follow me? Do I block? That seems rude.. Do I ignore? That's rude too! Too many silly updates 
@TheSourceress #MoreCheeseMonday I've got ancashire blue, smoked cheddar and some mature cheddar too. Is that enough? Do I need more? 
@J_C_8_1: I feel your pain   Don't think I could handle it.
Don't want to go to work 
I don't like the sound of 90 degrees. I'm drained. Don't get to talk to him till after school 
We've been gazumped on the house.  Don't believe it.  
Next door's cat is tormenting mine, he just wants to laze in the sun, and she wants to play. Don't think she realizes he's blind 
Don't wanna go to work 
@jarada0077 - I caught it in the car door when I was unloading it and snapped the springs on the nav unit. Don't think I can fix it 
Meds, movies and soup. Don't come near me cause I'm contagious. 
Don't wanna go to work today 
Don't like the heat 
@seemissd Now I'm cured! Don't tweet as much anymore.... easy to have a relapse though... 
@mileycyrus awe. Don't throw up.  feel better
@ChantiParnell Don't make me jelouse 
Don't have the time 2 bike 2day. What a lousy day 
Don't feel good at all today 
@TheMightyFoz very sorry to hear what happened with that site. Don't leave twitter 
Don't look at me, I'm sick 
@kaydence02 *HUGS* I am so sorry for you and your babies.  U can email me if u'd like: XTrixtersMommaX@aol.com Do u have yahoo messenger?
Having a hard time getting up. Don't wanna go back! 
@Do0ki3 omg. your lying aawwww 
Just discovered how selfish my dad is. Don't ever eat up all the biltong!!! I get upset I tell you 
No studio today  At home gettin bizzy on my mpc!!! Don't worry if I can at least get the rough edit righ I'll post some stuff 4 yall
@scampbell734 LOLOL. Do it...I won't be in it though!  not going in tomorrow...have fun in games/pe!
Don't want to do my 2 hours of punishment today 
Do not like being on my own in the house. 
@barneybaby awh!! I'm so sorry  Do you have a concussion?
@ojmason Never happened to me so far    . Don't get too used to it!
Do you ever wish you loved someone as much as they love you but u don't and it makes you feel bad? 
Do i have to actually work?  erm. wannabeateenforever.
Don't like the way twitterific shows embedded pictures  1 point to tweetie.
Note to self: Don't buy shuttle machines again 
@spaulds1 oh good. Do hope he feels better soon..... Colds r no fun 
@runningbebe your pretty lucky to find a 50m pool.  Don't have one of this near me 
Don't want to work tomooooooo 
@poshpantspaddy ditto!!! Don't feel too great either 
Don't wanna work today 
@iloveicecream1 HHeeellllooooo ... where r u? Do not want to start without you ... 
@carissagrace i wanna come! Don't forget about me 
http://twitpic.com/6fph6 - Do you see the sad face on the right hand side? 
Heading home. Don't forget about #TechLunchSouth tomorrow. @jguadagno I hate to cancel last minute, but something popped up 
Don't wanna leave a bah 
@MaxChangmin Don't reply me  hu hu hu
All 9 pages full. Don't want to part with one of'em..  But #RealRacing and #StarDefense (as it seems) have been submitted.
@Kelliemurfski I had to do a double take at first. Don't know the name of the show, wish I PVR'ed it 
@soulpoetrysite  Don't see a photo 
@flaviomatani I never have. Don't plan to either. I'm sure some work thing will occur that mandates it. A part of me will die that day 
Do they think just because teams are same, us dumb Brits won't notice? It is a peculiar nuisance when I am setanta-less 
Don't like arguing with my sister... 
Don't understand how I can be so sensitive after so many years of exposure - all the multimedia exhibits almost made me lose my cookies 
Do you ever get those days where you wake up in a bad mood? That is me today 
@LadyElena @glamorous_be The only problem is that I didnt get an invoice, not by email as well  ? @LadyElena Do you get one ?
@Glinner Don't discriminate against pirates though. It's just another form of racism 
Looking for a cute gift for my father's birthday ! Don't know what i'm gonna buy 
I'm bored. Don't know what to do with myself. So much free time. Usually it would be spent with oleg 
Don't you hate it when you put in a new password and confirm it and get it wrong twice in the same way so that its accepted 
So tired!  Don't wanna go to work today @ 3, I'm shattered and I don't know why!  xxx
@thursdayb No problem. Do you need the whole publishing suite or just reader? We had the suite, but are out of installs. 
french! but  i have to go of the computer! Don't like that 
@ the_lions_mane  i know! Do you have your phone back yet?!
Don't feel like working 
Do I have to wake up? I hate responsibility 
TIRED. Don't wanna leave. 
@TuTone222 LOL wow! Do they have something against me? 
Don't want to go but have to  I'm hungryy
@imnothelz It's really hard  That's why I am so glad I can talk to ppl on the internet. Do you think you'll talk to someone eventually?
Do not let anyone tell you that filming is easy.........its not!!!!! I feel hungover, but the worse part is, I didn't touch a drop 
I'm in airconditioned office drinking tea at the moment  Don't worry, I'll get more than my fair share of suffering on the bus home. 
@jamieism *hugs* sorry to hear about your bike being nicked   Don't suppose you had it insured against theft?
@MCRIsAPleasure  i'm sorry rachel. Do you love him?
Don't wanna do college apps this summer 
Just come home from the beach, now having a few drinks in the garden. Don't think the weather will be good tomorrow though 
Don't wanna go back 
@delta24d Don't say that. I don't need both of my babies sick.  
@ParisSophia Do you see this wonderful weather outside? I just want to lay out and tan 
10 days left in school. Don't wanna leave ma' class.  But hey 9th grade's finally finished and can't say anything but how good it feels.
@akw3stud ummm u did forget about me. Don't twitter me or text me or call me  ... Unlesss.........
 Don't hope. You'll be disappointed
Do you know whats sad? I forget how to play the song I wrote on my guitar. How sad is that. Now I have to learn my song all over again 
@regent_lord Don't say that. I've already got my war bear and I don't want to raid Stormind with idiots again just for retaliation. 
@carisseiris Maybe it would do good to take your mind off it for a little while?  Don't let numbers rule your life, hon.
haven't felt so bad in who knows how long. I like almost died of abdominal pain and such after lunch. Don't know what did it though 
@Morgannn Don't tell me that! My fingers are crossed on this thing working. That or I'll just buy it in a few weeks. 
currently reading Rollingstones. &amp; I'm really hungry! Don't know what to eat...&amp; a lil lazy to cook something extravagant atm. 
Do my homework  it's a lot!!!!!!!
P.S. Do I really have man looking hands??? 
@17THSNOOP Don't wan give me no food 
Listening to @ddlovato 's Don't Forget. I hate this feeling. 
Don't ya love it when the 'puter decides it needs to load updates &amp; therefore shut itself down without warning &amp; you loose hours of work? 
What a good day... Exept I did something to my back.. Don't know what, but it hurt for over an hour. Couldn't pick my cat up. 
Don't look like it's gonna be as hot as yesterday 
@gnoserif I'm trying to put it out of mind. It's like crack. Don't want to play with fire no more. 
@HeartMileyCyrus Don't want to talk to me 
@smudge372 you ok sicknote?! Don't like to see you unwell 
@scmphoto Don't die  I need you
@TheFamulus Do you need help?? *sigh* I find it hard to be unhelpful for long - I think it's a genetic weakness 
@kieranwelch I feel so ill.  I'll see how I'm feeling in the morning, but it's not looking good.  Wahh. Do you have msn?
Don't wanna go into work today 
So glad today is my day off. Don't think I would have managed work today. 
If you want to collect your money from customer - you need to threat him. Do not like that, but did 2 times today! 
Y didnt i go 32 school 2b a vet?Do yall know how much dam money they make! Its sickning!on my way 2give them sum more of my money 
So tired today.   Don't know how I'm going to make it.
Don't wanna get up 
Don't seem to be getting far today 
kids are off to school, getting ready to go to have a nerve conduction test done. Don't wanna! 
@erikabicalho  Feels bad! Do you know what you need? Your mom! hehehehe
Home today. Don't feel too good.  
Not really @joedacamel cause this place drains me  Do I have to go back to work after?
Hey @bkmacdaddy ... scrap the grunge look idea for site...just had postcard rejected &quot;Don't like grunge&quot; 
How many hours are productive in a day? Do you really need to be 8 hours in an office? I think not! I hope this will change soon 
@JazzyJoann  maybe put some aloe vera on it then sit y a fan... thats what i do when i get sun burnt. Do u have any aloe vera?
@knsocial send him my prayers. Don't wanna c him locked up! I'm tryna get motivated for the day but bein lazy  lol
Don't want to go to work today. 
Ugh. I do not want to be awake.  Don't feel so hot this morning. And with only 4 days til my bday, I can't afford to be sick!    xoxo
Don't want to go to tai chi tonight 
Do I have shin splints? 
@YayTodayEffTmrw   I still need photoshop help  Do you think you can still help me, or no?
Don't wanna leave the puppy 
Geoff starts his first overnight shift tonight.  Not a fan.  Don't like sleeping alone. 
@AmySusanne  tell the boss man he can't keep giving his son all the good accounts. Specially when he can't take care of them! Do it! Lol
lunch break. Don't want to go back to work 
So tired. Don't want to go to work 
Don't wanna go to work I ate too much  damn u oatmeal!
Don't you always feel that you're never good enough for that special someone 
One exam left! w00t! On the negative side, I'm bloody exhaused after the maths exam. Don't think I'll be going out 
hungry, tired, very much not in the mood to go running. Don't think I will 
@kelskc I haz cavities. Do not want. 
Just made my tummy happy yup yup! The sounds of fuse is rocking my brain! Don't like the rain very much  fish don't stink underwater.
Do games never go down in price anymore? $50 is a ridiculous amount of money for games that have been out for a couple of years already. 
Don't feel like doin shit, but already promised my homegirl id help her move.   wtf.
Don't rain on my parade 
So bored!!!! Don't know what to do???!!! 
@tammielynne Pleased it's the weekend too. Don't think the weather is going to be that good here tho  What u doing this weekend?
Don't wanna get up 
Do I continue to grow my fringe out or get the gaga fringe put back in? I'm slowwwwly turning to gaga 
Don't feel very well! 
Do you guys think I'm annoying?! O.O I am aren't I? 
@wendywings Had the worst couple of weeks ever. Vomiting with &quot;morning sickness&quot; aka &quot;all day sickness&quot; more like! Don't feel good at all 
Working 6am - 3pm tomorrow. Don't wanna get up at 4:30am. 
@fish_blood Awww   Do you think it will be better tomorrow?
almost all orders packed. I am tired. Don't think I will be doing anything artsy 
@yeahitsjames omg why ? Don't hate me 
@GotTriple Don't count on it 
@thelyndz oh and I saw star trek last night. Don't hate me 
Going bree's today. Don't wanna work tomozz 
Why is everything I want out of reach? Do I want it because it's out of reach or is it out of reach because I want it? 
@thenotoriouskid: Don't know linkage 
My contest is slow to start...    Do people think they'll get spammed?  Only hear from me if you win. http://vabeachquilter.blogspot.com
Don't know what to do anymore 
@dmmagic  I hope you get home and to a decent doctor soon. Don't kill yourself trying to live through pain just to salvage the weekend.
@amber_boyd Don't count on it 
@ebrown2112 Me 2. Do u have hughesnet by any chance? I'm reduced to phone signal. 
&quot;I'm standing here but you don't see me.. I'd give it all for that to change.. And I don't want to lose her.. Don't wanna let her go..&quot; 
If you take away your love away from me, I'll go crazy, I'll go insane. Don't leave, stay with me tonight 
Don't feel good 
Don't know why I'm still twittering since I know that no one says attention, but I'm feeling real lonely right now 
Don't leavee @thiscondition  I hate goodbyess!
Do anyone have any suggestions....I have a test 2 take in the morning &amp; I can't fall asleep!! 
Don't wanna work 
It's 1:30. Do you know where the life of the party is? If you said in bed, sick - Then you're right, thats exactly where I am 
@lisaling praying everynight for them*  Don't worry it's almost over*
@StewartKris im sorry to hear about you account being hacked that's just rude of people to do that! Don't they understand privacy 
Do you ever remember an album cover from the 70's, only to find it was a bootleg that you'll never find? 
@mikechoi I didn't get it. Don't you have my e-mail? Or do you just not care about me? 
Just talked to the ex. Do people really ever change? How many chances should be given? 
Don't wanna be up &amp; awake 
If I have a 6am flight.... Do I have to leave the party right now? 
@Jase88 Holy shit...I just assumed you'd be working like three hours. Aww  Do you get free food?
Don't dely your todo list. You won't have free time later, so It makes you devastated. I wanna read some book but I don't have time. 
I have a spot on my back. Do you think room service will come get it for me? The downside to being a singleton 
Why do I never learn?  Don't pig out on sugar free lollies 
@_supernatural_ http://twitpic.com/6qdq6 - Don't cry puppy!  *hugs*
@BREEawNUHH, Don't be scared. 
Don't wanna workkk!!! 
Don't forget about me  just click http://twitpic.com/ro0cksy
I'm sooooo confused.. Don't know what to do!!! 
For fuck sake ! Do they call this weather summer ? We might aswell be back in frickin winter ! 
Do I have to get up??  http://tinyurl.com/n86eva
Don't you love waking up only to see your neighbors still partying on their fire escape? 
@lisacray yea. Now la... Don't say I didn't invite. 
Don't know why, but this evening I feel so down for so many reasons...  I just wanna get out there and have some fun.....
Morning...so tired but gotta go to work!!  Don't yall hate those times?? 
@eddywashere My poor little husband  I'll be back! Don't worry 
Don't you hate it when your off the next day and you forget to turn you alarm clock off... then you can't sleep... or is it just me 
On the way 2 work. Don't really wanna go 
Do you know the feeling when you actually have to be happy and you still don't care about anything? 
Don't know what to do with my hair for the party, up, down, straight or curly? That and I can't find my hairbrush  lol
@fragments77: Urine tests, blood tests, blood-banking, microbio-related, slicing organs.. All of 'em! Don't tell me you're still at work? 
@ericssan big wedding time. Don't wanna get yelled at by friends  I might sneek a few tweets in there
@MissSididdy Don't hate us  I love women...as much as possible. (trying to love a few this weekend lol jk)
@CityGirl912 Don't leave me! I'll miss you too much! 
Don't forget to stop and think about d-day today. What a scary day that must have been on that beach for all of those kids. 
@mandz3443 oh god! Don't even talk about drinking. I'm hurting after last nite....ouch 
@ktchauvot ah, not good sign when access blocked 2 antivirus &amp; security sites   Don't know if this 1 does that, but I know some viruses do
@D_3 Don't know what to say other than  I'm sorry, man.
Don't why today I have this feeling &quot; I wish I had a start-up   !!&quot;..maybe my thinking has gone way too preposterous and bizarre
@omgkeyana Sweeet. Now you've made me want to watch itt D: Don't think it's out on dvd here yet boo  Have fun perving I'm off to sleep&lt;333
Don't you hate feeling when friends bail on you? I know I do 
My sister's graduation. I know I should be happy &amp; proud but I'm currently bummed bummington &amp; proud instead. Don't leave me 
Don't feel good, hope I'm not about to get sick... 
Doesn't Know What To Do 
Really full from chipotle. Don't wanna work 
Don't know why... 
Off to have dinner. Don't feel too good at all 
Don't unfollow, dudes!  Please! It only makes me sad!
@lucky2bjes The urge is resisted. Don't tell me you busted yours open since this morning!!!!    Thanks bunches doll.
Don't even bother! 
Just say joe jonas dancing to beyonce's single ladies in a black leotard. . . Don't think I'll ever recover 
Don't be bummed!  we can make up for it.
@gabemadlove  Don't give up. &lt;3
W.T.F. Don't read if you feel squeamish about dead kittens.  http://is.gd/QSDR
@teemwilliams Why do u get so embarrassed when you hear one of your songs on the radio? Do you not like being recognized? 
Do we need war to make peace ? ....Do I need my place get messy before it gets clean?  - Philosophical but reality.
Don't like being in bed alone through this massive thunder storm 
Staying home. Don't feel good. 
Rooby has a bit of a bug in her belly. She doesn't understand why we aren't going to the park tonight. Don't want it getting worse. 
I miss you @laeryken. Don't know if you follow me anymore. 
Don't want to be here anymore, don't even really wanna be a nurse right now. 
Don't cry bridget!  aw. That part was sad.
Don't feel well at all 
I am begging for food and no one wants to give me any  Do they know who they are dealing with?
@RichardDrumm not at home! Don't have scope 
@mika_tan where u been? Don't write anymore LOL 
@UhhhLidia Don't count on it 
@PinkAngel_0704 awwww u only make the big ?? once. Don't do that ma!!! 
Already half way through my book. Don't wanna read too much of it or else I'll have nothing to read 
@missrara &lt;3 &lt;3 Don't let the pilot crash ur plane 
@MyInnerBoddi I did something.... bad... I am on her shit list.  Don't know for how long. 
Don't want to go home, don't want to be alone, don't want to be arround people. Its not normal to feel this way over a game but I do. 
babysitting my 3yo niece. she wants a snack. i say &quot;cheese &amp; crackers?&quot; she says, &quot;Do you have any dog treats?&quot; unfortunately i did not 
@tinatinatinaaaa oh no! Don't fall asleep!! I didn't even get to shower! 
@skywriting Sadly, I rarely do now. Don't have anyone to do it with, eh. But yes, I miss it. 
Don't think she'll pass this paper. Don't think so at all 
long sleep... just what I needed. Don't know why I can't sleep during the week 
Don't know what to do???? 
Revising for my final common test... Don't wanna study!! 
@johncmayer  dudeee. I'm sorry :l Don't worry everything will get better
@stephsoong Don't count on it 
I wanna go home. Don't wanna be here anymore 
Nothing To Do Todayyyy 
@MelRyan Don't count on it 
@wblom Organised late chq out tomorrow &amp; discussing staying nother night. Don't want to go home 
Going to church this morning. Don't feel very good. 
I heat sunday, and I don't know why? Do you heat too? hahahaha. I don't want make my bed  . I see you later...
@weeniebean and @hisyamkhalid is gonna leave soon too! Don't leave me 
@McJonasPrincess You are indeed! No, I don't have a real prom date  Do you?
Do you know you make me feel so empty inside  - http://tweet.sg
Don't think it's a good idea to go home tomorrow morning 
@LittleVio @SparklingRPattz @Pineapplebanana - Do you have a passport picture from me? I need it 
@LilMissAMT I'm dreading your trip too   Don't go...
Tired man ! Don't wanna go back tommorow 
Don't wanna go to school tomorrow... it's going to be sooo boring 
Don't feel good 
I just had 3 cups of coffee. Do i need help? I think NOT!!! M'while, the world's worst karaoke singer is here 
@MJoftheday Don't you just love it when you roll over and fall back asleep and miss something important? 
@TomBeasley Do you have a tv in your room or something? I wish I could tweet whilst watching. 
@craftyasparagus I take it you can't use the stove top then?   Do you have a george foreman? You could grill it!
27,4 polish people went vote!! I am ashamed of this who prefer to watch TV!  Do we want to change something or not??!!
Don't wanna go the airshow alone 
hmm.. have to go to bed. Don't want to. Think I can't sleep anyway 
Still blinded by the light.. Don't kno wuts wrong.. 
So drained from stocktake  - Don't know how I lasted with only 4 hours sleep...never eaten a fish supper so quickly before tonight.
Don't you hate it when your starving and everyone at your table got their food already and are eating it haha 
Do I REALLY wanna pay 20$ for a pair of slouchy socks  ?
@alicek  i don't like this. where is the &quot;Don't Like&quot; button a la facebook?
My tv marathon is over  ....hmmm do I wanna go out&amp;watch this lakers game? Do I want 2 watch it @ all? Decisions...
@pcake13 you never answer my question abt pe.  Do we have to go dressed out to pe tomorrow or not?
Mmeh. Don't know what to do 
Do I really need to go to work tomorrow.... 
Don't wanna go back to work tomorrow... 
@webcrush I saw. So sorry. Don't think I wanna trade you.  Here's to revenge!
@KittyBoo81 right channel 5 now missy!! Don't let me down 
Don't wanna go but the money is more important 
Aww  I love youuuu!! Don't be sad 
Do u believe in the ice cream when these depressed?!?!? 
Last day of vacation ..... Don't wanna go back to work tomorrow....  
Don't know what sleep is anymore. And ugh I miss my man so muchhhhhh 
Don't want to be back 
Don't want to study anymoreee 
@JustCallMeLissa, I keep forgetting to check in at #spymaster, and hence am not leveling up very fast. Do not assassinate me! 
Don't Know What To Do... 
Don't remind me...sundays suck 
Don't wanna work tomorrow 
@tygerbaby Maybe some of us do care. Don't judge. 
Don't get me wrong, I love almost all of them, but I think we've all had just about enough.  And then I'll miss them over the summer. 
Do my clothes on, and read some things for school. I've today a test of biology, and I forgot my book biology on school! I can't learn 
About to collapse- I only slept for about three hours last night =P Don't blame me, I was sick 
Do u need to have the attention of every boy u come in contact with?! U just cant leave any of 'em alone... 
Do watermelons contain endorphins? Why do I feel unusually depressed without my usual dose of watermelons today? 
http://twitpic.com/7g75m - Don't want to go back to work 
@wliyuans I hope so too. Don't want another 'C' 
Don't want to be at work. Just received 11 e-mails and it's not even 8 o'clock! 
Don't know how many laps I did...  Don't wanna know...  
Just met @disang &amp; @tikitik ! Now otw to get Demank then airport  Don't wanna go back! x
Don't you hate it when you haven't spoken for ages, then you quickly need to and all that comes out is a weird squeaky groan 
So tired after my leave. Don't want to go back to work 
@ work having lunchbreak and feeling Blegh !! Don't know what the &quot;problem &quot; is with me ...  I'm tired and my mind is messed up....
Don't wanna get out of bed 
At work   Don't get me wrong' I love my job. But I REALY love vacation. Even if I am just sitting at home, not at work.
@bertilad theres been loads of delays recently apparently. V pleased we get 2stay here rather than smelly airport! Don't want 2come home 
steady wind and rain out there. Hrrr.. Don't wanna go out today. 
@heartoceann aww is it storming there?  Don't be scared. It's not the thunder that can hurt
I wish I had one more day off. Don't feel so great today. 
@Primevalfans oh no!   Do you know if it's official yet? ...or is there still a tiny chance?
Just finished the kitchen.. Don't know how I'm going to wake up for school tomorrow 
@chgowiz I don't, sorry. I just have it on my drive from years ago. Don't know where I got it. 
Do you guys think my groggy, early-morning F-word will drastically increase the number of porn site &quot;followers&quot; I have to block? 
Don't feel well think I have a cold 
Just checked my diary completely forgot about my doctors appointment after work got to have a big injection  Don't like needles!!
Don't know adsene is not accepting me to be their publisher 
Don't have any plans on my day off!!!! 
Don't ever go into the petsmart adoption center. You will end up wanting to take home all the kitties like I do now. 
Don't wanna be @ work at all  wish I was @ english bay or white rock  it seems like I'm going to gym having the clothes I'm wearing
Don't want to go from spain tomoz 
Don't feel very good today 
Do make me leave!!!  ugh... I am going to be here next year... i'm gonna make sure of it!
@sammy_ammy_ooh: I'm getting the album tomorrow. Don't tease me. 
@ddlovato Do you feel better?? I'm so worried about you! 
Don't have internet for 11 days damn 
Get up-check, take a shower- check, eat lunch- on the way, work-........ Don't make me 
Apparently, swiss chalet doesn't take reservations....boo! Don't wanna wait in line! 
@inprogress ugh.  Don't remind me. 
@wolftab What are their reasons for rejecting reiki? Do they think it's evil? 
Don't feel good.. 
@mikesnedegar That could be fun! But I was gone last weekend and I'm gone this weekend. Don't wanna be gone 3 weekends in a row. 
Don't want to wake up..  I'm not a good morning person ... Not looking forward to today
@stevijean Don't you be re-tweeting against me  lol
@ATLNinjaChele no i feel bad cause its leaked.  when are you coming home?! Do you wanna go camping too
I'm done. Honestly. Don't worry about me. I'm over it 
Don't feel good again 
@DonnieWahlberg Or are u not coming back???  Do I have to rob a bank to get to u?!!
Don't think I'll EVER understand men pfft 
Don't think I'm going to be able to sleep tonight. I'm going to be constantly checking on @mattstevensloop. 
Why make plans to go to sixflags when I know ill be scared to ride.... Do I just wanna waste my money?  I should buy nu ipod instead rite?
@Jwizzman Don't get me started, man... Don't get me started... 
Don't feel good... 
@wobblygirl Yes we should. I miss you too  I'd love to go biking! Do you have an extra bike?
@BoMoh link didn't work   Don't make fun of @URwingman, @johnbattaglino and @jamesconnors. I totally want to go too.
Because sometimes the ones you miss... Don't miss you back 
@iDamien; Don't talk about my phone!  I didn't know they were gonna give me this one
Do u think mac will bust out w a free shippin too? I don't wna spend $60 :/ just want 2 damn things!    (the makeup bag and a palette)
@james_frinzi I am a drummer! Don't get to play enough though. 
Don't Know What To Do 
@honeylove21 Don't I know that feeling 
Do I look professional enough for a bank interview?  http://twitpic.com/7iulx
Don't u ever feel like ur dreams arent coming true? i want to follow them but nooo my parents dont let me..  ugh!
@OhShizzle sorry to hear that girl  stay strong! Don't let the small shit get to you.
#haveyouever tried mixing in peanut butter into chocolate milk?... Don't. Don't you ever do such a horrible thing. 
Don't want to be awake 
I have so much sinus pressure in my head/nose. Don't know why I had to have another allergy attack right before bedtime!!! 
Don't have my own computer because its getting fixed  Not that anyone probably pays attention to my tweets so it's all good.
Oh nooooooooooo!!!! I'm now 8.5 stone  I've always been 8 on the dot.... Don't tell me my eatings days are becoming affective 
@brendalogy I don't want you to kill yourself though  Don't worry about people at home -- there are others that care about you and listen.
boring.. home alone. Don't know what to do  any idea??!
Has tweeted a lot lately.  Don't know why. I do know I'm doing to bed...night sweet cheeks
Last time I did a home-made comics was in 1993 ... more than a decade ago  Don't know if I still have what it takes to do one
Don't read sad books before you go to bed 
@Sharontweet Don't mention her name!!!!! You will get inundated 
Ugly haircut ugh hope my hair grows fast! Don't know what to do with it 
@DaNNiP17 Do you know how to wrap text in power point? I can't find the lil dog 
coffey again (Y) might take roley up to see aoife play.. Don't think dogs are allowed  @rockbouvier I can't stop listening to SPlan!;)
Just woke up feeling like total crap.  Don't know what's wrong with me, but my stomach feels like it is literally killing me.  
@ShadiGray Don't say that  I'm too pretty to go to jail!
Don't want to get up early tomorrow. 
@EGMTK I'm sorry hon. That's a disaster!  Do you have any chocolate melts? Smelling chocolate scent helps avert cravings apparently.
Today, I'm not feeling okay  I need take some rest, but I have 2 work and study...why I'm not rich?! Don't answer, please... :p
Do i really need to go and do some more work 
Just had pics taken of flat so should be up for sale tomorrow. Don't seem to have much in for lunch 
in SchOol ! Madddd Don't Think im Graduatinqq 
Don't you hate it wgen you wait sooo long for a speacial package to come. And when it does. It doesn't come complete 
@UluvUY Sorray! Don't think I can make your notebook cover today.   But I still will!! dontcha worray! ahahha
@marlaceleste How did you know I wanted to break into 7-11 and steal the slurpee machine?! I just want frozen coke on demand  Don't tell!
So so tired...Don't know what is going on with me, but it is no bueno! 
seems so wrong to b trying to revise after such an awesome wkend!! Do i really hav to b a lawyer?! 
Do i really have to work today 
Don't wanna do no laundry today 
@arono It's tough in a small place.   Do you have a bigger bathroom where she can sleep at night?
.. Do u sLeep weLL.. whiiLe the rest of the worLd crys  &lt;'3
@clsp88 How cannn?! Don't hate me. I'm sorry. I will unregister myself. I am but a worm 
@amymariaw Its getting closer!! But I still have no job  Don't know what I'm going to do.
@slmar  He's in charge of crew for something so never now how long he'll be at work. Don't mind waiting. No gifts here either but no pool 
No one seems to want to play with me on twitter today!  Do you all have no souls?  *cries*  
@asandore Don't nudge me to update when you didn't respond to my tweet yesterday! 
Don't feel good 
@LadyEcclesxX Do youuu?!  You can pass it on to me if ya like. (I passed you mine last time.. LOL)!
@annaluvsmiley aww  Do u know it? =D u should sign it up;its great ;D  iiLu;x
@cimota I don't pay much attention in the games field. Don't even play them that much 
No! Don't tell HE! It'll be over for good  Then I REALLY won't have a chance at love! lol
Don't you hate those moods when you can't help but feel lonely and a little bitter? I don't like those. 
Don't you just love when you want to wear your man's shirt and it's gone and you realize he's wearing it? 
Don't even know what's happenin  just so confused :/
Don't let me get that last minute call  I want to go home!!!
Do you have fun at work? I do, but think most don't. 
Don't want to go home tomorrow 
@brentlauren effing hourglass!!! Do it again plz 
@MissAliH everyones gones to bed so i'm officially sat on my tod in the livingroom at half 12! Rather scary.. Don't leave me too  xx
@BTiz82 Don't rub it in!!! I am at school and going to miss most of it wk b4 finals 
Having as bad reaction to the vaccines I got earlier. Don't feel good  someone come cuddle
Don't you hate it when you wake up in a weird mood because of weird dreams!! 
Don't make me leave 
@alexwoog im jealous.  Do you know, we did not have sinigang time at all last year!!!! 
Just chillin at the casa! Don't even want to think about cleaning the bathroom! ugh!!! lol. 
So, It was  Don't think my tonsils have ever been this swollen ugh!
@TylerCyrus  Do you need someone to talk to?
Don't think I'll do netball training again for a while...I am so dizzy, its not even funny 
notes 100 beautiful words. Don't know how to use 80% of them.  *http://bit.ly/LeBa6
Going to bed early tonight. Don't feel that well. 
@lizawhitten yeah it is neat... Don't know what's happening though... Some of my posts aren't showing... 
Oh no! Don't rain, weekend! I need to move my stuff... 
Don't make me go.   
I'm so sleepy!!! But I can't fall asleep   Do you ever have those moments?
@erinpearce whaaaat!?!?!?!?  No way not this not now!  The cam was too close!  Don't punish me for that please be my date still 
Don't really know how to describe the way i'm currently feeling.. 
just woke up, man I'm shattered this morning! Do I need to go to work today? I want my bed. 
So much rain! Don't want to go outside 
Don't like it much when Fogbugz reactivates the case when somebody reply with &quot;Thanks&quot; in the support inbox 
Do all men put their jobs and bosses before their women?  got stood up twice in two days!
Do not want to 'do' today. Just want my bed 
@AnthonyRaneri Do you plan to release a solo album? or some of your solo stuff recorded.  All i have is dodgy youtube clips 
Don't know why my eyes are jdi bengkak 
Don't think I am missed today 
Don't understand why I'm still not sleepy. Pleaseee kick in! These are the days I feel like jogging...have a great morning guys! 
This isn't turning out so well afterall.  Don't know how I'm gonna go in the exam tomorrow.
Is awake.... Don't want to work till 1am!! 
Oh exam.  How I wish you were not going to happen to me.  Pfffffh. Do not want to get ready.  D|
@angelayee don't say that. Don't think about the divorce part. Just do the best you can in the marriage &amp; if it doesn't work, oh well 
@theduelies :O. Don't kill your doggy 
Don't think my feet have recovered from yesterday 
is depressed. Don't ask why, I do not know. 
Cramps from the devil  Do not want!
Finally done with my requirements!!! So sleepy already. Don't think I can study for the questioning anymore 
Don't want to go to work.. Its pouring! 
Hats off guys !! but I will be missing u   http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0455275/  Don't know what I am gonna do with out u !!
Do I really have to change my cell number when I move?!? 
but i need him  at least i think i do. Do &quot;breaks&quot; ever re-join?? or do they flow away to nothing? cause i really don't know and i...
I always bring headaches to myself... When can I be happy?? Do u know u make me very unhappy??? No.. You dunno 
I feel tired.  Don't want to read my stack of readings! 
@wilks88  Oh sweet! I'm excited for it! Ps I forgot my pizza  oh well. Do you have any friends on here?
@gorgeousikon florida for the summer?!?! Noooooooooo. Don't let her get to you....     :-/
@miiol  you can always call me if you need &lt;3. Don't be sads
Do yo know what that means: &quot;bill of operating costs&quot;. I only say additional payments. 
Don't tell me my tweets have stopped again 
Don't get to do the upgrade til after work tonite. 
Don't mention pregnancy now being followed by baby site 
Don't know what to do!  I wanna play a game but there is no one who wanna play with me!! xD
@shanedawson omg! Don't cry again!  u r sweet when u cry but u make me cry too 
R.I.P. my hair dryer: It stopped blowing hot air. Do you know how hard it is to blow dry your hair w/cold air?  It's difficult, trust me 
Do we all not charge our phone batts anymore!? 
@DomesticSluts  Your tweets are stressing me out. I'm such a sheep it's costing me a fortune . Don't think u &amp; I can be friends anymore 
My eyes hurt really badly today.  Don't know why.
@bimbler felling much better now that I'm home... But husband is l8. Don't think I'll make it to my computer class 2nite 
@geektastic ok. Don't numb yourself with alcohol lol. I haven't been able to come up with a good tattoo idea though.. 
@huskermould  sucky.   Don't spose you feel like some cards or a movie later? I'm stuck home, bored.
@iEmilia I'm so goddam sick of writing!!! ahhh!! Don't txt me.... my dad took my phone away last night and I still don't have it back 
@avidjon don't expect much. Another big update in august with video mms and tethering. Don't see calendar change either 
Don't need this now, got to be up at 7am 
Don't love the suit as much as the price. It's going back  wish me luck finding another one.
@Phannerrr I'm glad the pills kicked in! Don't want u blowin the whole city away. Where would we live? 
Do I lose karma points for not feeding the poor, starving kitty? 
Don't understand torrents so am having to watch a movie on you tube...its going to be a long night 
@phloxy I have acrylic nails and drive a (small) suv  Do I get to keep my street cred for living in a 500 sqft apartment in a crappy area?
Do people ever meet people that no-one else they know knows anymore? #sociallynetworkedout 
Don't have time to read through all the tweets anymore. I've lost my place in the loop. 
Don't feel good 
Don't geyt to see jonathan, kupono, phillip, or their partners dance 
@HHymanson What did I miss today?  Do tell, do tell.  I feel so bad not being able to make class. 
Don't have to be in the lab long tomorrow; I have a reaction going that takes supposedly 72 h.  Something may not be right with it though 
@scene_guy Don't you o.O me!!!! You did this 
@Do0ki3 don;t die  just give them a corrective
Don't get no breakfast in the morning.. pitty me 
@MaryJenkins I won't be  I started last year with a group and am moving up with them every year. Do you know who your daughters leader is?
Don't feel like going to work tomorrow, I got a case of the &quot; Thursdays&quot; and the day hasn't even officially started 
Don't wanna go to summer school again tomorrow 
@Christyxcore Haha. I got a bold now. Don't get all the fun of flashy os updates  but I still love it
@twofourteen Don't stay out so late again if you're walking home!  *clings*
Don't feel good 
Of course my luck they close down the freeway when I'm finally on my way home  stuck on the 5north. Don't get on it by stadium way 
Don't Want to go to work 
I keep finding more mosquito bites - how is this happening?? Do they live in my rooms? Are they biting me in my sleep? What? 
@erinsmommy1999 What good news did they say at the appointment???  Don't leave me hanging?????? 
Don't u hate when u have a long day ahead of u but u can't fall asleep 
Don't you hate it when you finally sum up enough courage to say hi to a gal you like and it's going well when her co-worker jumps in?  why
I still like crap. Don't think I can go to work again today. 
@KayleenDuhh  no. Don't give up love. night
@pikku_kyon  I know that building. Don't know any good cafes though.  http://twitpic.com/7p0iq
It's 8.40 am, and I have already finished my first half hour of work. Don't know how I did it, brain is still half asleep. 
Don't know why i made twitter, don't even use it 
I just stuck my finger in my eye and now it's watering   Don't ask me why...
@thelithopedion it's so weird. Don't quite know what it is. I was off yesterday, gonna have to brave it today 
Confused .com ...Don't know if I should get my hair chopped off or not liked it short but spent so long growing it ... what should I do? 
@AlMaciejewski I'm also totally tired today.. just went to bed at 22.30 yesterday.. can't get my eyes closed  Don't know why!?  xoxo
Do you ever feel like your world is caving in when you've got connection issues? thats the way i'm feeling right now 
Don't wanna get up. 
@vertigowooyay Oooooooooooh. And you know how much I love vampire stuff. Don't think we have you on our package anymore, though 
3 down and 1 to go. And what about this party on the weekend?!? Do i really have to wear that dress??? 
Don't cry&lt; because it's over, smile because it happened. I'm trying but i cant  im like crying all day  why do always the good ones die?
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened. I'm trying but i cant  im like crying all day 
Don't you hate it when you hang on to a seemingly interesting movie to see the ending only to find out that the ending sucks? 
Do you know the muffin man? I do. He just came to my house with cakes for everyone but me 
Don't text me, it makes me miss you. 
On my way to bloody summer school. Don't want to go. 
feeling sad... Don't know why... I miss my mom.  huhuhu
@LadyD04 no! Don't die! I love you too much 
@KHAOSDARAPPER I think we should do the interview over...It was waaaay to dark  Don't want it 2look 2 bootleg...
Don't know what to do or think today 
@riverscohen Heeey... Don't make fun of me. It's one of my favorite moments in history. And it happened on today's date so... yeah! 
Don't feel good   it hurts every time I breath, talk or laugh.
@qazimod well it's out tomorrow ;) Don't talk about it too much okay? I don't get to play mine until my birthday 
Don't want to spend the weekend all by my lonesome 
@ElleSergi Do u realise u r not actually following me. I am very hurt! 
@huey0929 What was that face for??  Do you think i'm not upset about not being able to go out with you tonight?!
Don't know why, but it irks me to no end when people assume that if I am vegetarian then egg must be ok.. and slip eggs into veggie meals 
@Sradcridhe Don't make me think about my boss in those terms.  
@bperz And what about you, lady?  I hear you're loving your job.  But you never call   Don't you miss me??? lol
Don't understand why I'm being blamed for things I didn't do...&lt;&lt;seems to be story of my life. 
Do I need to ask myself some awkward questions?! 
@epitomepz it's cute but looks scary! you'd be crushed like a bug on a windshield! Don't do it 
@yourGFfavorite Lol.. Don't be so dramatic! I was just really sleepy.. 
Don't know what the weather is like through there, but here its both blue skies, sunny, extremely windy with rain 
@Do512 yea still no luck! 
@mark_henry Do I ever! --- But very, very sorry about the funeral. 
Don't feel well 
trying to kick myself in the butt to go get dinner started. I have zero energy  Don't feel like cooking...sucks to be a sick mom 
Don't eat icecream while lying upside down...hurts your head 
@rainyrane omg! Don't worry, they will get to the bottom of it.  *hug*
Don't want to go to summer school 
@highforties so upset you had no luck  at least u had a good work out. Do you plan to go again?
Don't steal my sunshine! 
@Riteshdaddy Do I give you great things? 
@h2osarah Do it, I'm stuck waiting until next week for episode 2 as my digibox won't let me have it via red button. 
Note to self: Do Not walk on a bad ankle... It makes it worse   It hurts even more than it did before  x
@letsfindjared I love you.  Don't leave 
gotta go to sleep now gotta get up at 6am.. Don't wanna go to sleep but if I dont then I know I won't b up on time  night x
Still no snickers in the store  Don't they know the satisfying deliciousness that they are depriving me (and others I suppose) of?
@kieronmullen hows the work going? Do ya reckon you will have to stay up all night? 
@JohnnyDiggz   I think it's more because I blog vs. being a customer.  Do you like yours? Is it hybrid?
Do not want to go to vermont 
@Nift3 @misslilahbaby Don't hate the player hate the game 
@smoshian Don't be talkin' smack 'bout my mama! 
@effervescence  why are you so mean to me. Don't make me sick clara on you...i have the power
@thecraigmorris NO  They were nice well behaved kids with wool for hair. Don't be mean.
I'm exhausted. Do I really have to pack? 
@fhgrl33 what!? Do you have any idea how unacceptable that is?    @pibby, I guess it'll just be me and you.  *wiggles eyebrows*
Just got home from ikaikas graduation party. Don't want him to go 
yeah, I figured out that it was on purpose after I switched to a different computer. I thought it was mine  haha. Don't mock me.
Don't u hate when u promise something and then forget.....   
Awww!!!  Don't spank him too hard 
@JessicaCha  sorry. Don't worry that just means something better will come along
@anastasiahrabar  i feel you tho. Do ya damn thang.
Feeling lonely my honey is at work.. Don't know what to cook for dinner or just don't feel like cooking  hum
@iammykei don't even think about it. *glares* you have your crazy hoe husband or whatever! Don't take mineee 
@eyllom Be careful! Don't go running around outside with people torching buildings on your street 
@FakerGigi I can't believe that you are still working  Do you think that you are almost done?
Don't you hate it when u picked up stuff but it doesn't even look it.  hate it !
I think I should change my Wefollow descriptions, I'm probably going to get a lot of adult friend finder spam and shit. Don't want that! 
Don't join the bus! It was stupid and it automatically tweeted that msg for me 
30mins til destination YYYEEEEAAAHHHH!!!!!! Don't look like I'm going out 2nite though  been up for over 24hrs tired
I have to bow out of this conversation now.  Don't have too much fun.
@sonsup2sonsdown We are checking out another crash.  Don't have too much on it right now- so a-m crew will have to call on it.
I hope they're able to put brakes on this bike. Don't feel like learning how to skid 
http://bit.ly/12PxFJ  - Don't you miss this time, @Asenk, @quixotes, and @yayi_meirizka? 
@dryfter It's on my To Do list, I have had a lack of tuits 
@preethzzz &quot;no dance and the world are trying to make me girlish!&quot; what?! Don't get you 
On the bus to work... Don't wanna 
Don't have desirable # of followers anymore.  Now I have to find a song called 43
@ArnoudB Don't worry, there's always something to do, just in order to finish this (*&amp;$(%# magazine I need material to do layout... 
Trying on fancy dress costumes. Don't know what's appropriate for someone of my age to wear. Lol. 
Such a hard time sleeping. Lots on my mind &amp; with a heavy heart. Don't wanna get out of bed 
Actually looking forward to r&amp;r at the country retreat this weekend. Don't tell the wife, but I wish the boy were coming as well 
Don't you just hate when you forget your password and can't answer your secret question 
Don't like wash contact lens. 
Don't wanna do the day yet 
Don't know what to do with myself! 
@lizamyers The army wants a bombing range, I believe. Don't know the details 
Do I still have to go to school tomorrow? I'm getting burned. haha..*sigh* 
Don't want to but I'm gonna! 
Don't make me work 
$430 later all the animals have their shots, tests, and preventative stuff! Do not like annuals. 
Don't know what to do tomorrow 
Don't feel good at alllll 
@karmacakedotca I completely respect your opinion on it, for sure, but I do actually fall on &quot;the other side&quot;. Don't hate me for it. 
@tehf00f Don't like the new apartment  can i come live with you? I'll bring the tv &amp; ps3
Don't ever drink 'Glayva' it's pure poison 
Do I really have to wait an hour on hold?  
Do NOT wana go home 
Someone just called me ma'am. I'm not even 18 yet! Do i look old? Lol 
@hellokendra Awww...  Don't let the boys get to you, girl...  
@MelissainPhx  Don't be jealous.....be proud!!  I did it alone!! I didn't last long, couldn't get anyone to talk to me..... 
Don't forget: estou com raiva do @grrrreat 
dammmmmmit! Just cropped a photo and saved it over the original!!!!! Don't have another copy 
Don't know WHY the link s breaking up but.....oh well 
@BogartOfElCajon Don't feel to bad, #Squarespace doesn't seem to want to give one to me either. 
@lovechild27 I am so sorry to hear that.  Do you have already an idea where you migth work next?
More training. Don't wanna work though 
@youngyonny someone stole my laptop... Don't even ask... Lol 
@kavin_b Don't leaveeeeee. 
@tommcfly Not tired yet? haha. I'm happy you're awake! Don't know much about game consoles though. 
@remegel_man Don't they have any arcade games in the airport? 
@SonicFoundation *sniffle* Don't be mad at me 
@TraceyMmm  Don't mean to tease, I'm sorry.
Worries for a close friend's well being and hopes they're ok. Don't know what i'd do if something happened to them 
@ElenaBerrino Don't say that! You make me unhappy that you're unhappy! 
.I feel so mcuh preasure and no answers in my side, It's hard 2 move one this way...Don't know what else 2 think...      I need some help
Don't Forget about us 
@jerenyun I know. Don't tease 
Don't feel good. 
Do i always have to be reminded i have no friends?  (i mean at clermont...)
Oh @tomofromearth.  Don't do it if it's cos people are buttmonkeys. Do it if IT is a buttmonkey.
@JoeiBoots still at work  Don't get out til midnight
Don't you just hate it when you're tired... but not sleepy? 
Do these thoughts make me a bad/selfish person? ... 
@KayyB  I knowww. Do u wrk all weekend?
@KateVmorgan -Don't blame you, I have made myself insanely nauseous 
Don't u hate when u know u have to do something but u still just can't seem to make urself do it 
Don't feel good at all can't sleep 
@thehut Aww.  Do you have pain relievers or a heating pad?
Don't have celiac's just a terible stomach virus 
was told I look like a 16 year old!? Do I look and act thaaat young?! Lol 
Don't wanna go to work 
@mikegentile hahah aww. Do you scream during movies? 
Don't want to get out of my bed 
@McKenzieMorris Don't leave me!!! mckenzie.. its not to late to say no and just stay here to host with me 
Just woke up, but still in my bed. Don't wanna step out and learn 
@tubblog - don't you just hate that  I always say &quot;Don't tell me, don't tell me&quot; but it's like a compulsion.
@iluvgayz Aw sorry to hear it's been bad  Do you have exams or anything at the moment?
Don't want to go to work today 
Don't understand why he's trying to make our last memories of each other bad ones when we had such fun together 
Do I really have to work today?  luckily its working from home - but still 
Don't expect much out of me today. Much too busy to be tweeting. 
Oh. My. GOODNESS! Do I see the sun arising?! And I haven't been asleep AT ALL tonight! I can't seem to get rid of this stomach ache! 
Don't wanna go to work today  and tomorrow too
aw... gota buy new earphones and iphone case today! Do never try to send an email while walking down stairs... 
Don't like the weather report on the met office site for tomorrow  Going to try another site for a better result.
Don't wanna go work 
Don't know what to do today  anybody got any exciting thing I can do x
Do not use twitter  if you value genuine existence... 
I bet U R still paying dam studnt load who ripped U off.  Don't thing U can file on that  I borrwd $ from work.  we should talk on phn.
Do not use twitter instead of doing your homework 
@atolls Wow steady can. Need killer boyband name. Don't like that la.. I care for you what  hahahaha
Shingles under left arm! Extremely painful! Don't wish on anyone! 
@Wytchy Don't wish it away. There's s major come-down coming after this your. 
Do not use twitter if it's 5am and you still can't sleep 
Don't wanna go home yet  but we're heading susan's to party woot more woot!
Don't turn your back on the things that made u happy in the past, life's to short to say goodbye !   missin u.
Do you know what it's like to feel so in the dark, to dream about a life where you the shining star? 
Do not want to see the sun todayyy. 
Note: Do not take laptop in bath. http://bit.ly/jcrWZ 
Don't want to get up 
What are you doing now? Do u miss me? 
Don't want to go home you can't make me 
Don't think I like this new ubertwitter version 
Note: Do not take laptop in bath. http://bit.ly/jcrWZ  (via @eringrrl)
Do not confuse acquaintances with friends, it is a serious mistake and i did it. very very sad 
Do not feel well. 
Is bored at home due to the painfull outcome of his removed wisdom teeth last thursday.  Don't want to watch another dvd 
@ATMMD Do not use twitter when on the shitter. 
@Makkya Don't think, just do it! :-P &lt;-- pinche #idslexia 
Don't feel very well 
@prazy:  It was your new express music!!!  Don't worry, I lost 4 phones till date :p (though not any swanky hep ones)
Is trying to cover up her bruises by applying more fake tan. Don't think this is a winning formula 
Do not like this plotline 
@x_catt Don't bother. The smallest sign of different behaviour and you worry. I'm such a soft shite  lol
Last day in california. Don't wana go home to the rain 
@nezua  You should rest it. Do you have a brace? It helps a lot.
Don't want to do this at all. 
@Stoneyasftt I know how you feel  Don't get up too fast though. Haha
Don't get it babe. Just keep me around all the time. I'll make love to you on command. I promise I'll never say no. Don't get it baby.   
@ExoticBadCasH u def. Don't fuck wit squeeze no more 
Awww  @FaithA7x Don't be in pain. I hate to hear that.
@Paradisaea yeah  but in other news I was doing esme's water and I swear there was 3 or so eggs just under the bowl! Do I do anything?
@Tootsiemr Don't that alway happen, at least that how it feel. 
@Tomixterror ahh...I dunno where that is.. Haha... But Don't go 
@knitwitsbaby How many times do I have to tell you to follow @DonnieWahlberg ?! Do it for your sister 
@babygirlparis  Hey hun, I can't reply to your direct message because youre not following me!  Do you want my E-mail adress? xoxo
@andrewkfromaz I voted for *$ by my house. Don't have time to drive too far. 
Don't have a book all I can do is ppl watch and twit. 
I know, I already blown more chances, than anyone should ever get. All i'm asking you is: Don't write me off, just yet. 
@King_02 re: road trip. Don't think we'll be able to make it. A little broke right now 
@JenaGirl19 I am so sorry! I know how that goes!  Do you need anything?
I know, I've already blown more chances, than anyone should ever get. All i'm asking you is: Don't write me off, just yet. 
@Wizet Do you think you can pm me to??? I want to be a gm 
Don't understand why ma cuz choses her friends over her family even though she sees them 24-7. I don't know who she is anymore. It hurts 
I'm sorry I can't answer everyone! Don't be angry at me 
Don't get out of work until 11 
Nvm. I don't feel like playing kickball today. Don't wanna hang out with stepfather's relatives either. They're such snobs. 
Don't you hate it when cunts feel it's there time to be absolute fannies. 
@tala_isil Don't apologize.   I'm going to be a &quot;douchefag&quot; for awhile! *turns over so you can scratch his tummy*
Don't u hate it when ur about to fix a big bowl of cereal just to find out there's no milk 
Don't wanna leave.    ((((
So much for ubuntu on my laptop. Do an update and now it does not boot the gui only command line works no idea what exactly broke 
@JackMobb Don't rub it in 
Don't think I can give up french fries no matter how hard I try  http://twitpic.com/7ywe3
Just spent 45 minutes chasing after a puppy who ran away from home, couldn't catch him  Don't know where he went. Silly puppy 
lmfao, deeeeto.. im soo meannn  &quot;Don't feel bad, its okay. I get bored of me too&quot; =O
Not having a good night at all. Don't get it 
Don't let there be more Nedas.  #IranElection
Don't want to go home 
Do you ever feel like something is just wrong.... 
Don't know why but i'm missing juanjo more than ever 
;-(      Do tell?
@noi I know, it's too bad you couldn't be there.  Don't worry, there's always next time!
@brandonnn1002 I was just kidding!! Lol. Don't cry. 
Don't want to drive home all by myself  looong burnside.
Do I tell him not to bother hanging out this weekend or not ? Gosh so confused 
Don't don't feel good.  make it better
@Xian_Do *hugs* sorry  and, as for your friend--my sister went through that with her ex-husband prior to his exification...not good 
@chr1st0pher Don't you hate that?! I've had many all-nighters when after getting some good sleep, I don't remember anythin 
@chasingangel82 ...No.  Don't say that. I'm pickling you after you die so I can keep you forever. TRUFAX. *is creepy with extra creep*
@johnmayer I have a singing question. Should I really be able to just pick out the harmony w/o hearing and practicing it? Don't know how. 
@ClementineNYC Do you know how to get on the rubulad mailing list? I had a falling out with my contact.  
Don't feel good. 
@staceyyhoward Awww   Don't worry, so am I... *Strokes*
I've had such a good weekend. Don't want it to end 
I'm leaving on a jet plane. Don't know when I'll be back again. 
Don't know about you, but www.tumblr.com has excellent visuals for blogging, but not much flexibility though 
Doing the best I can to help my friend but it doesn't seem to work  Don't know what else I can do...
Don't want to get upppp. 
Snuggling in bed in my jamas with a cuppa. Don't feel well 
@Sewwychristine I'm in the exact same situation! Don't know if I should sleep just as yet though 
Don't know what to say, totaly confiused 
@airliebee I fucking missed you! Where did you go? Do not disappear again, I cried. 
@ceggs like my rides (horses that is!) not too energetic!! Don't bounce as well I used to when I fall off 
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/7vvww - Do you have a percing in the nose? I thought you were one of those sweet girl ... 
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/7e01t - Do you have a percing in the nose? I thought you were one of those sweet girl ... 
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/7aclc - Do you have a percing in the nose? I thought you were one of those sweet girl ... 
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/78urd - Do you have a percing in the nose? I thought you were one of those sweet girl ... 
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/75jdc - Do you have a percing in the nose? I thought you were one of those sweet girl ... 
Don't want to go home. 
@nonsequitir  Do you think you'll make it in? You've been already, haven't you? I haven't at all.
@technokitty09 yup! Don't use that one anymore 
Ugh! My body hurts like hell.. shoulders, neck, wrists, head, hip, tibia (shin-bone). Do I get the (mexican) flu? 
have mercy on teh poor read ball please - it has a little sole too .. Don't hit It -   #PakCricket
Don't feel good 
Do NOT wanna go to work today! 
Don't say that....I'm dying here, trying hard not 2 call u 
Do I hafta get out of bed today? 
@honeyjune  but I'm still sad.... @rohan_01 why is swati so imp?? Do you like her??
@cornish_cookie  Don't give up!
I'm feeling better now after a long night of drinking yesterday... Don't wanna work all day 
I just burned my finger.  Don't play with lighters, kids!
@meg1508 That's too bad.  Don't be sad sweetie. I think that being single takes bravery and dating and relying on someone else is easy.
I don't want to go i don't want to go. Don't go = no allowance. 
Do not feel well 
@binsuy Not yet! I haven't had the time  Do you have a dvd copy or did you torrent it?
@DinahLady Don't know what that means (jabs), but sorry to hear it. 
Ugghhh my mother is still holding my wedding video hostage... Don't think I will ever get to see it 
@imelt Don't have either, unfortunately.... 
Do not eat meat when feeling sick. Ahhh 
@PixelFthe2nd Don't feel sad! 
Contact ripped! Don't have any new ones! I'm offically blind! 
spent hours setting up a new printer. Only just sorted! The &quot;To Do&quot; list got longer by the hour 
Don't think I got it in me....not anymore 
@PeachMelbaMegan Do you like it? I think I sound too different....It isn't him.... 
So fucking bored like! Don't know what to do! 
Here's a fun fact. Do not I repeat do not call apple phone support today. I've been on hold for 30 minutes and counting 
I Miss You. I really really Do . 
@bydls I sorry to hear that u r under the weather.  Do you have bouts of crappy days? And does it go on for a time or is it a short yuke?
Just had a dodgey chinese  Don't feel so good!
@Jihav I only rode the short bus because my family was poor  so I &quot;pretended&quot;. Do u have something against poor ppl? classist
And I won't go say hello. Don't wanna look like a total fangirl 
There's a starbucks SO close to me its sad. Don't think I have time to get out and run and get it though. 
Don't feel well  http://tinyurl.com/lhyk9m
Do you know hard it is to the spiderman web slinging hand pose and not get a sore pinky finger. I need to practice this more. 
Do not like daily twittascope spam. 
And I REALLY need a distraction...its been 5 days. Don't think its gonna happen tho 
Do you ever get sad when you've drank that last drop of coffee? 
My last 3 hrs of sleep weren't good. I got woken up around 8 and couldn't really fall back asleep. Don't u hate that? 
@djkaton dude, you are not a bad person.  Don't be so hard on yourself~
@b0nk Don't think I will be able to join you there unfortunately  Don't have a car while I am there
Don't think I'll make it to see rubylux  not even home yet.
@texasmommy77 Don't understand why he won't teach them.It such a great chance to learn an not-so-easy-language just like that! 
@CynthiaBuroughs Do you like it? I have an associate in networking, computers and technology. The field wasn't all I had hoped for. 
@jun6lee I told myself: Don't click on this link. But I just did. Booohooo 
Don't feel good. 
Don't you hate it when they squeeze the strawberries so tightly into the pack that there is strawberry soup at the bottom 
Don't wanna leave 
@LuvHappy Don't say that.... 
I'm feeling so sick right now! Don't know what to do anymore 
@patpez No rain yet so that's a plus. The humidity is killer on the hair but it beats a headache!  Don't work 2 hard, we want u healthy!
I knocked my 83 yr old mother flat on her behind on the sidewalk.  I keep telling people - Do not stand behind me!!!
@heyaimeee oh lol I don't use that one, this is my proper one! Don't give up on fanfic  wait for all the crap to sort itself out!
has really bad days.. what's wrong? Don't know and that's the worst 
@InfinateLove Don't know what to think anymore at all...  I also won't mention any names...
@TeeBunny thanks for the box! Do u have a new catalog, I  never got a chance to look at the old one 
@Shylatina72 AUNTY!!!!!!! Don't say that im scared! watch when i get home everything is going to be over with! I always miss everything 
@dowwhiz hmmmm Do I haaaaaave to guess? 
@SHADWELL1970 Don't leave me on my own my followers are deserting me. 
Going to school in a few. Do not want. 
Don't know what to do this week... 
At home uber crook  hope it isn't H1N1. Don't think it is...
Feeling very tired. Don't know if it's all the walking I did today or the bit of illness I've picked up 
Don't feel good 
@LangleyStar Awww...I know. Don't make me feel bad...Bad enough I can't give her a party cuz I don't know any kids here. I feel terrible 
Do I really need to wake up at 745 tomorrow? REALLY? 
@Mikkkey20 Do u think @MGiraudOfficial can c the things I delete since they still show up   I make 2 many mistakes &amp; need 2 send again lol
Don't you hate it when people take something the wrong way and then go offline before you can really explain? 
@BrittGoosie :/ not good! Do you know what the new drug was? 
@pnkrcklibrarian  Last week I had a moment (okay, an hour or so) like that. Don't let the stress get to you. And sleep well!!
@SilverChiquita : Don't be pissy all night. I'm sure half will be enough to cover it. Preferably not at all though. 
Don't be mean to normal ed kids. 
@CharlesFletcher Isn't training forever hours long? Do we get a break? 
internet connectivity from fone acting up...me Don't likes 
Don't want to get out of bed  I really need to but its so comfy and I'm tired haha
@emmatreasure  I was in a bad patch too recently. I just don't understand why my trich comes and goes worse sometimes. Do you??
@peterfacinelli It's technically the 25th now, i can't sign up.  Do I have to wait till the morning then?
Don't know how to do the chinese compo. 
Ugh really bad night's sleep. Don't want to go to work 
When will I learn... Don't try to be funny in the morning and spelling mistakes aren't funny 
When will I learn... Don't try to be funny in the morning and spelling mistakes aren't funny 
When will I learn... Don't try to be funny in the morning and spelling mistakes aren't funny 
When will I learn... Don't try to be funny in the morning and spelling mistakes aren't funny 
When will I learn... Don't try to be funny in the morning and spelling mistakes aren't funny 
Don't wanna get up 
Don't you hate it when you use your phone so much that it starts getting super hot? I do. 
Do they not /know/ that I wanted it? How /inconsiderate/! 
Do dreams actually come true? I sometimes dream things and they turn into lofty goals once that time nears. 
Don't wanna work sunday  but need the money
What can i Do ?? I would not be bored in the holidays 
Don't know what to do today 
Going into town. Don't feel like it at all  but that's what getting fit is all about (Y)
Don't reali think im great at workin this hole &quot;tweeting&quot; thing!! 
Don't no y I'm up wtf. Orthodonist at 8.30  then the gym near my dads work  text&lt;3
Do i have to go? 
On my way home. Do not wanna 
I should sit down and get tethering to work.. Don't have time though 
I wanna go back to sleep so bad. Don't really feel like working today 
@robcthegeek I can't remember the last time I was at the cinema - largely put off by the expense.  Don't have a lot of &quot;viewing&quot; time 
Sitting outside work... Don't want to go in... 
school was chillin'.I have a softball game later.Don't wanna go..So sad I'm not going anywhere on summer vacation 
Do I honestly have to sit here again for 8 hours??!! ugh why isn't it friday yet!! 
Don't know what to do today...    i'll probably just hang out with the Shnedras (when they wake up.)
Don't feel well  want my bed x
Don't you hate waking up and suddenly realizing you had a bad dream during the night? 
Do I have to pay for gas and electric? 
Do you ever imagine the perfect dress? Pants? Shoes? And then hope someone somewhere made it so you can buy it? I am experiencing that 
@rahma_dualeh now I am sad again. Don't leave baybay!!! 
im frustrated with this place. how does it work? will I ever know? Do I already know and this is it? 
@Mizzbehave193 Don't like the new pic 
@Shannonhochkins nah there not  but shaun said sumfin bout a huge tour at the end of the year including perth. Do you like it here? xx
@fuse2dx Don't tell me you fell for those spam emails? 
@LeighFrancis Do you have a link to it online? I don't get that paper here 
@RocknMommy4 Don't worry about sounding like a moron your previous tweets took care of that! 
@punkphink88 We never know.  Aaaaahhh!  Don't you know how much that hurts?!
Don't follow directions because when you do, all you get is burnt waffles. 
Ugh. Don't want to go to work tonight. 
Don't feel good 
@LyndseyAmanda not fair!!!!!!! I wanna go.... Don't worry I'll be at work!!!!!!! 
Don't like my new haircut... 
@DonnieWahlberg Yessirrr! Don't give anyone that much power, do what makes you happy...that's why I'll be seeing you in da summah!! 
@aikabelle LOL yeah at least if you're watching that stuff... Don't tell anybody 
@laurange You better believe it  Don't panic! There's still time!
Do visit www.girlsbydesign.com and www.blog.girlsbydesign.com to check out our blogs. We do try to get on as much as we can for everyone 
Here comes the sun, Do do do do, Her comes the sun, And I say... ...It's a glorious shorts day  Whupeee 
Do my guess the song thing  http://member.mibba.com/13328/ @jessisahero @SirLoz
http://www.swoose.net/IRISHDANCING/2009/WorldsMonday/target123.html Do I ever wish I could see the front better! She looks lovely  #widc
@amysweezey I hope you feel better soon. Don't let those early starts get to you 
Do I have to go to work today?  Can anyone write me a note?  
Do not be sad if job is far from home, if it is near you girlfriend house. She cooks better 
@khushi4all Don't make a topic, am sure you'll get some replies soon. 
@rockhate..hmmmmm yes that would be a good thing.. Do you think I can sweet talk them?  I have a gift!
@OfficialKat Don't count me in that group since I find you to be interesting and adorable 
@mqcarpenter LOL...Don't worry about it...just have a good day! 
@HartHanson Don't bail - come back for more! 
Don't forget to read my blog from yesterday http://blog.dahl.com/2009/04/opening-day.htm There's a new one coming down the pike today too 
@mledford So it's a &quot;Do as the documentation says, not as we do.&quot; kind of deal. 
Don't forget to read my blog from yesterday http://blog.dahl.com/2009/04/opening-day.htm There's a new one coming down the pike today too 
@bradhanks Thanks for the #followfriday  How's the &quot;interview video&quot; coming along?  Do you need a stand in? 
Don't worry - we're from the internets. It's going to be alright. 
@AfricanABC its what twitter is for love, your outlet. Don't even apologise 
@cass_o_wary nooo! Don't put yourself down love! I like to have a gander round your page 
@LuoiWslion hey, dude! Don't worry,I am feeling a lot better today  I was just having a really bad day yesterday. How's things with you?
@kdmurray Aww Don't over think it...just go and don't expect too much more than to have some fun, get some sun (hopefully) &amp; exercise 
WEEK3FREEBBB  is the Pokerstars password for today. Don't share it, don't be unfair at the tables and have fun! 
@snedwan Wow!  Do it 
Don't even mind I work all day 
Hey I'm back, what have I missed? Don't feel like scrolling back 
Don't worry - we're from the internets. It's going to be alright. 
@DanWarp Do you reply to these? 
@beercommdood yeah, food is great too. Don't miss the mac n cheese. It's in rare form tonight: full of hippies! 
has made a big dent in her To-Do list 
@KoolJeffrey Do you have the rest of 5awesomebuck fans twitters? I want to follow all of you. 
@kaze_katakage Don't worry, I'm very forgetful myself. I have an amazing long term memory, but sometimes forget what I did 5 minutes ago 
@vivyhan Don't do it. Awesome fact tho 
@CarinaK Do you cook Chinese food? 
@AlexAllTimeLow Don't let the sun go down on me....   
@JimAlger Don't forget, parents often think of their offspring as about 12 yo 
@johnmayerlyrics whats the difference between this and your other twitter page? Do i have a better chance of reply because less followers 
@judithandjim Congrats... Thats nice news  Do try our book buzzr widget to help increase your book sales. www.freado.com
@PutriSilalahi Don't just quote her, say it out loud to him then! 
The initial code for my lexical analyzer in !python is up at http://github.com/sykora/plex/ , Do comment 
searching for an agency  Do you know an agency? tell me!
Don't worry - we're from the internets. It's going to be alright. 
@BlokesLib I was thinking more from a #fieldrunners point of view . . .   Do you like the new tweetdeck icon? The yellow is a bit much ...
@clarahallifax kk her demo's i think they are? before Don't Forget... they're great 
@amb3r23 awwwwww u jelly ? ! Don't be ! Lol you'll be cool like me one day 
Kiddies settled... enough about my life... Don't worry folks, I'll get back to the fart and cockpunch jokes real soon... 
Don't you wish that you could be a fly on the wall?? 
@MissMaj6977 Do i detect some major pwnage? 
@J_JPerez But I'm ok. Don't worry. I guess it's normal before exams. I'm not gonna give up  anyway thanks for asking. love you.
@jerseygalrocker Haha, aw man! Don't play like that, I have nothing to do this summer! 
@marisamendez lol I do the same... Do you say &quot;I'm almost there&quot; when you're ABOUT to leave home too? 
@CarinaK Do you really want to know? I will tell you if you want to. 
@Llensposts LOL! Don't worry. Your tweets are safely flowing through my twitter stream. 
Going to school for the first time in two weeks. Don't really know if I should laugh of cry, haha. At least the sun is shining 
@redmum And I'm sure she didn't expect to win, so it's still pretty lucky. Don't look a gift horse and all that 
(via @spam) TheSmartECard.com isn't a virus; it's just a scam/phishing site.  Don't go to it, don't give it your personal info.  
Do you know this feeling when words from a other person running trough your mind and you have to smile? That happens to me right now 
@MariahCarey Don't you think it would be great a so deep and emotional song co written for the first time in history with a lamb... 
@ChristiS88 Do we have a date, darling? 
@rckmywrldfaith Don't forget the pastel 
@fabulouslorrain i missed your earlier tweet about the fear. Don't push too hard, let things go naturally. It'll happen when it's time 
Do I see another G1 user on the opposing track of the train line to me? I think I do. 
@ProudGamerTweet Do I get a prize? These eye bags and grief from the wife don't come easy you know. 
@MonopolyDoc Don't mention it. It's my thing 
@emmulate Ah girl, you missed a good game! Don't worry many good games to come! 
@brazilian_angel dang! But that might be for a while. Don't they have twitter  lol that way we could plan a meeting!
music helps: &quot;Don't you worry, you'll find yourself, follow your heart and nothing else. All you need is in your soul, you can do this.&quot; 
@MissMac1973 Don't understand, but it sounds beautiful....... 
@ddlovato You and your body are perfect! Don't let anyone tell you something else! I'm serious! &lt;3 whats moises' real twitter?  tnx!! &lt;3
@donttrythis Don't worry!  @maddow comes on again!!!  You don't *have* to miss it!! 
@Sneckster Do all that whilst enjoying a nice cup of coffee 
@ChristianSaad Don't ask me...ask cuteflip  I wish I had that mag too.
Don't know why, but its quite a stressful day today. 
Don't forget I can get replies you post on your tweet 
@andygam see, you love talking to me. Don't hide it 
aahhh i miss playing with my legos . . . . when i was a kid  (via @Muzzzza) Don't be missing it, go out and buy some 
@jjdock That sounds tough!!!  Do you sometimes do more traditional #kettlebell movements like swings?  
Do you speak English  http://bit.ly/HCXJd ? 
@mileycyrus i do that ALL the time. Don't worry about what other people say. 
@LadyeK Do it. I'm sure it will be interesting. 
@OddLittleDucky Don't let these people out here stress you out either 
Don't need to go out to have fun, I am having a blast here with my maverick, watching yo gabba gabba 
@hodgepodge93 It's on youtube?! Do you have a link, by any chance? 
@sanguish: Don't you mean a *used* hat? 
@Gerridd Haha, sorry I went off cos I had to sleep.  Do you have myspace or msn or anything? 
@TIFFANYPOLLARD Don't forget to say hi to me!!  
@ddlovato i just wanna say that &quot;Don't forget&quot; is one of the best songs ever! it gets me through alot  thanks for that xoxo!
Thinks the worlds a better place under my duvet! Don't make me get up 
@ripat55 life is good. Don't say that 
http://applenetbook.blogspot.com/#1 Now this is sheerly awesome!! Do check it out!!! 
Morning everyone! Don't really feel like going to get my hair cut today so don't think I will 
@Gertrudesteinjr Don't worry, when you hear it you'll know why I'm a #cuntard 
@Rhonddalad Don't worry, I'll be ok again in no time... It's only a chest infection, so nothing too serious!! 
@LevenRambin Do you know www.icanhascheezburger.com ? It's hilarious as well 
@alwayssmiling yeah~it is. really! Do you like that song? I love it,though! 
@permeister  @sawickis I have a #fitfam hang over too. Want to go take a class at the garden center. Don't know if I can get moving 
@ForestinJersey Ahhh tis good for gym going!   Do you have a full eighties outfit to go with it?
Do you think the escort horses get a little self consious trotting next to the race horses?  http://is.gd/w9wt
Decided against the heat and crowds of the ceremony. Don't think they'll withhold my diploma 
@ecco5 why fight it? Do it! 
Don't go see ghost of girlfriend past  Not good 
@Zorlone Do they come with web hosting too? 
J: Do you think pickles stick to things? Me: idk, lets try it and see! 
@kikila Why are you wasting time waiting for a phone call? Do stuff and if they call they call. Your better than that 
@Helz53 Don't we all.  
@JonathanRKnight I still think you should try it! Do it,  Do it! Lol I want to see photographic evidence though 
@JonathanRKnight Are you really going to bed now? Don't believe you! I know you are in the corner again getting high off twitter 
@sophiebenjamin Have fun  Do you have a flickr account?
I had a really &quot;Do you know how I know that you're gay?&quot;-moment with @Lindekrantz yesterday. We like! 
@zaakey hey,  are you at the venue? Do tweet what happens there, following you now.
@maureenhasinoff Don't be jealous. I didn't get as much as I wanted! But the shopping continues today lol 
@Glorywood This video has a pretty good tutorial. Do it now! It sounds like you're going to hurt yourself   http://tinyurl.com/2skcnt
@Shellbell301 Don't put so much thought into it. If you &quot;worry&quot; about sleeping in you won't. Just relax. I used to be like that too 
@Cafechan Do iiiiiit.  I would! 
@sarahmcarter omg huskpuppy!!!!!! Where'd you have dinner? Don't you feel amazing today?! 
@krystle_mo_mo You have quite the life it seems!   Do you do any social media work currently?
@whisperygenie what's noorul done?? Do tell. I need some gossip 
@Princess_Luara Don't worry you'll get the hang of it soon enough!!! 
Don't forget to watch keeping up with the kardashians tonite. I'll will be on with khloe at dash 
@Hsilamot Don't... I do this, but it's a choice how you use it and it's your right 
And... &quot;Don't look back in anger!!&quot;  I will remember that!
@jonathanrknight time to watch Brothers&amp;Sisters..oh wait, u're still on the west coast right? Don't forget to watch it later..bye for now 
Just saw the hannah montana movie for the second time. Don't judge me! 
@dreaves802  Hey there! Doing super. Do anything fun this weekend?  I had family from france in, &amp; we r off to the beach in the morning.  
@reneritchie so you do....  Whats the thinnest case you've ever reviewed? Do you know off hand?
@superstrhotee LOL just ignore! Don't worry about it 
@lianecarmi Yes - notes - underline - stars, big &quot;NO's&quot; and &quot;YES's&quot;  Don't buy one of my used books 
@alfa_maniac Don't worry about not getting it.  Just keep doing it!  I like hearing about laundry and stuff.  Makes me feel more human. 
ok.. get on your feet..... let's dance even though the song may suggest you don't want to - scissor sisters - Don't feel like dancing ! 
@Lodewijkvdb Don't worry, you'll get your stamina back soon  What kind of distances do you run usually?
@bjamesmusic have a safe ride up the coast. Don't be going 90 even though you can.  when its windy just smile cuz u know u have it better.
@billyboss Couldn't see one, but I'm probably blind  Do you have a link to it?
Do me a favour, tell me what you think about me 
@just_kap But I think it's cute.  Do this every night okay?
Don't we all love bank holidays 
Do you ever catch yourself doing something really really nasty in public and have to play it off? I do 
Do you guys like fish sticks? 
@ankurb Just kidding! Don't go around quoting me  
Do you click on the link after the post &quot;I can't believe how much sex I'm getting?&quot;....I mean, come on! 
@goofygeorge You are totally welcome to come hang out on my wiki  Do it, do it!
@WalkingHorse glad to hear that    Do you have a busy day today?
wishing I were somewhere else besides here!!  Don't worry this won't dampen my day and neither will the rain 
@Llawen Don't know - pretty, though 
@michaelsheen Do you have any idea when the (not so) patient fans will see some teaser pics of you all in costume? 
Do you know what? I have a good little life, and I love it. 
Wait...I thought it was 9:50? Don't we have till 10?   #sigjeans
Speaking to my new tweeples.... getting acquainted with them... If you've never spoke to me.. Do so now 
Don't hide your smiles  - http://robo.to/OneFlipsta
@ChristianIvan Don't try too hard. You'll draw a blank. 
@james_a_michael It doesn't look like you're tired in the pic.  Don't work too hard.
Don't know what to do right now...pretty bored, but I refuse to study. Any suggestions? 
@linuxluver I read for pure escapism. Don't make me think, take me away  non-fiction tends not to achieve that, for some strange reason
Do you wanna talk 
@Azlen Don't go there  it is all good
*sigh* Off 2 bed 2 try 2 get these crummy 2 hrs of sleep b4 my horrid 12 hour day..smh. Niterzzz evry1. Don't let the twitterbugz bite.. 
@millportonian Don't worry. You'll be 38 soon 
Don't 4 get to call your moms tomorrow...mothers day 
@francesbell Yes, actually there was some jam twitter traffic yesterday... But it can happen. Don't worry 
@daveg38 I was thinking that too this morning. Don't worry it soon passes 
Bumping dj opus in the drunk in the car.  lmao. Don't act like u don't know.
http://twitpic.com/4wssx - Don't be cross. Just jamming.  X
It takes nearly 2 days to figure out what causes the mic problems at #euruko: Do not hold the mic at the bottom! 
@threwskish Wow, doing some demos for recording companies? Don't forget us when you hit big time! 
Target in life. . Do my own thing and sing  xxxx
Don't know which one is the real noise, the thunder, my dog barking or my friend singing! LOL 
Don't feel sorry for yourself. Only assholes do that 
@laurenwilcoxx &quot;When you understand how simple it all is, you will tilt your head to the sky and laugh&quot;. Don't stress dear. 
@joshglidewell already packing??  Don't you have a few more months... I plan on packing the day before just to be excited. 
@TornadoHunt  I was number 1,000!!! Do I win a free tornado??? 
Do not feel like driving home :/  but mom, here we come 
@probert06 yes, Republicans may come back.  Do not underestimate the power of stupid people.  LoL  
Don't forget to wish your mom a happy mothers day! 
@MarmiiAlThani Do I know you? 
@DavidArchie have a good nights rest and have a good concert tomorrow, Don't forget to have fun 
@jason_mraz Do you sing along to yourself? I totally would 
@stockingvixen thats whats important  Do u have a fav song u like to play?
@DonnieWahlberg Don't worry I'm not tripping  (then again my concert wasn't cancelled! lol) It happens &lt;33
@_the_new_ Do whatever you can to get ahold of this piece of pure genius! 
Do you guru?? www.thevitaminguru.com has all your vitamin and supplement needs that beat competitor prices! 
@biznaz absolutely don't want to catch germs. Don't want trouble with the bionic butt. 
@AdrianZgeb Don't hold your breath 
@geertdesager  thanks geert !  Do give me your feedback after reading... 
@CynthiaVS G'night!!  Don't take the quantum physics book to bed.  It'll keep you up. 
@LaVidaCoffeeGal I do what I can, friend. Do what I can. 
@headphonaught shhhhh! Don't let the women know the only good thing about it! 
@mapex_drummer arrgghh! I really debate turning it off but it's often very helpful too. Don't like the LOL caps either 
@LindseyRock3t Don't worry, you spelt 'phenomenon' correctly! It just looks wrong 
please visit :                    http://www.artoflivingyoga.org    It is launched today  Do visit this site, its truly awesome 
is going to splendour!! Don't really know why or how I got in, but the Qjump gods were good to me this morning 
I really like what  @davglass has done with the git helper for you contributors (http://bit.ly/qPotV).  Don't like his colorscheme though 
Don't know how I'm still awake but I think I'll head into town 
 @leisa I need investment 4 health care tourism biz.Do u have any references? i am start up and finding no investors. can u hlp?
@RevAaron LOL Don't worry you're quite safe 
Do not disturb - watching 24  - everybody stop tweeting
This morning hoping to work on 5 more oboe reeds today... I need to start 2 bassoon reeds for my next gig. Do I remember how? I hope 
@VickyCheng Don't really care. Not very helpful am I  
@DanaXDanger Don't worry, you spelt 'massage' correctly! It just looks wrong 
@OneRedSock Haha, that'd be nice  Don't think so though, at least not her: She's in a happy relationship and more than 10000 miles away.
http://bit.ly/UorDI - Do it and I will love you! This is for @Gailporter 
@dsthestar1121 yayyyy!!! Do a damn thang!!! 
Drinking out of a whiskey bottle. Don't worry, it's only water! I gotta go truckin' in the mornin'... 
@stella_li Don't worry neither do I. I see a lot of @ and # and sometimes have no idea what's going on. 
I was behind a car that had a bumper sticker that said &quot;pipers do it with amazing grace&quot;.  Don't know what it means, but I like it. 
@counternotions And you try so hard to appear as if you don't fit in that category. Don't worry, you fit nicely.  
@Takuin I know  Don't worry about me I am crap at e-communication 
@JamesPMorrison Do you miss 24?  I hope you still get time with all your friends there.  You are MISSED! 
@0summerbreeze0 amen! I agree! Don't need to drink to have fun. 
@gamer art  haha I forgot an @. I wrote you tho   Do the all-nighter!
@NKAirplay Don't sweat it.....comp battery is going down.  I'll hit ya up tomorrow.   Just waiting for hubby's song now.   hehe
@nonafairuz You looked great! Don't sweat it. 
Do I use too many smiley faces? 
@erininstereo it seems that you love your dog so much. Don't think about that, he will live for a long time 
@therealkatiew  Ahhh...our talks about music.   We shall have one as soon as we reunite! Haha.  Do get on the youtube thing.  I'm waiting.
@llamakevin My weird sence of humour  Do you use lemon or does the rhubarb act as a pectin?
Phototip: A photo is ur self expression of what u want to see. Don't worry of critics as long as u feel happy. 
@slivered You're FABULOUS! Don't freak out. 
@guiltfeeder Do not question me. Do it, plz? +18664365701/03/05/07. 
@Missne Don't say that... Your love is norwegian 
@Anjeebaby oh yum! Don't worry u'll get them done 
@Janurka I said he?  I meant..she!  Do you believe me? 
@HOLLiCONGER I'm not!  Do you have pics of your booth up yet?
@Ikramxxx  http://tinyurl.com/qfg7jl Don't know if this works for you.. you have to be a livejournal member though 
http://twitpic.com/5db2j - Don't look at my face! 
Don't worry i'll take a picture when the big O when he gets here 
@ninpolite Don't worry - you totally won't!  
@LucasCruikshank wow this really shows where your priorities lie when it comes to family. lol. (Don't worry I would think the same thing) 
@daisyjanie oooh, love a shiny new idea.  Don't love the pursual analyzing
@Tejizlyke I'm doing well... Just disturbing the hip hop industry again!!! Don't forget to pick me up something, LOL 
@godsized Do have...can do.  
Do brussel sprouts send you running?? http://bit.ly/eZVOQ  
@Shadez LOL sad. Don't you have an emergency stock hidden in your cupboard? I have one  .
@HumanitarianMom Don't blame you. The &quot;feminist&quot; in her name would have made me not follow. I call myself, though, &quot;pro-woman.&quot; 
Do you ask me about summer? 
@MGiraudOfficial    http://twitpic.com/5dkm2 Do you like it???? I'm in the process of making yours 
@PatrickMoorhead Do you like this one better check profile  i can change it back
@sTEPHANIEpUSS yours are fine too. Don't worry 
@KCsRoom Don't worry, you spelt 'disappoint' correctly! It just looks wrong 
@Talismantheband Don't worry, you spelt 'McMahon' correctly! It just looks wrong 
@MissMartineZz  u feel me sis! Don't ever let it happen to u k! Those kinda ppl don't deserve ur friendship
@thegoodhuman Our electric bill is usually around $35. Do we get a prize too? 
To-Do list: buy new work shoes... 
Give me an apple, I'll give back to you a tree. Do not mess with me 
and to everyone at the observer: I knew what I was doing, kids. Don't underestimate me 
@emilychang I'm interested in the wedding planning part. heh Do tell! 
@llamalaura o that sucks. lol Do you know how to play the guitar. Do you wanna help me write a song.  plz Let me sent you my digits
Strangely planing to deliberately install and configure a keylogger at home. Why? Don't ask. 
@patchyemoly haha I bet.  Do you have any other pets?
@PennySA - Don't you know it?  We can put a man on the moon &amp; can't come up with a healthy tasty cheese?! 
@Scaleytron Don't worry, you spelt 'maintain' correctly! It just looks wrong 
@simonkirkman sexual. I have a fringe now... Do u think it's sexy? 
#wolframalpha can't translate fnurk either. Do you mean snark(?!)  http://bit.ly/g5tx6
Don't be afraid to ride your dream...  http://plurk.com/p/uj549
Do we have an auspicious future?   http://younoodle.com/
@keeranj could u imagine if he was on twitter? Do u think he can say everything in 160 character or less...........NOT 
@mhertenberger. The harvard is my all time favourite plane. Don't know why. It's probably like the spitfire for the British 
@isallano isa! Don't be late today 
@robYardman ssssh!!! Don't tell C0mc^st...they might decrease the bandwidth cap...again. 
@ViVaLaJuiCe lmao how you going to let @n0rfsideb0i change you up like that!!! Don't worry that phase will be short lived for you HAHA 
Don't have to look for big things in life, just do small things with great love and all your attention and see the magic 
@xandraaaa finally I can see ur updates minggg. Don't forget ur sneakers!  ur bbm is freaking unreachable ming, can't ping ya
He was six foot four and full of muscles I said, &quot;Do you speak-a my language?&quot; He just smiled and gave me a vegemite sandwich 
Don't you just feel so good when you get lots done?  So far today i've had a piano practice, done some pilates, cleaned my rabbit out,
@john_galaxy  so you not taking your gun and balaclava today ? Is that how you spell it ?? Don't use it very often 
@lauraowsianka It should be a film! Do you have a roof I could borrow and some chocolate cake I could borrow? 
@RocksOutBoxOut Don't question the magic of the 'Pod, just ride the good feeling that it works. 
@zedrale It's rad. I might retweet it. Don't think it got enough feedback  (Also I just played all my scrabble turns)
@babygirlparis hey paris? Do u ever reply to ur fans tweet?  can u follow me back? I &lt;3 u!
Just ate a hamburger with cheese and sallad, now im drinking coke.  Do dat doo, lives good!
@KLBarber my pleasure. You may like to check my To-Do list   http://tinyurl.com/o8hrsw   #fellowcreative
@marieskizo Then you should keep them  I like it sunny as it is now. Don't want thunderstorm and rain
It's strangely quiet this morning  Don't poke the bear don't poke the bear don't poke the bear......
@Kirsh Not even remotely. No three-line structure. No syllable count. No seasonal reference. Don't get me started on poetic forms. 
@iPodiTouchiFon haha, you sound like you might still be asleep, LOL. Do you guys have a blog we can link on our site to help you out?? 
Don't you just love Mondays? I do 
@spectrummother Do you ever get that &quot;I'm socially stupid&quot; feeling, because I live with it all the time. 
Actually stoked to attend my last weekly staff meeting at 11am. The good vibes are palpable.  Don't even mind husband is golfing all day!
Don't you just love it when guys come crawling back saying i'm &quot;heartbroken&quot; and then call me heartless for being sarcastic back  x
@VegasDiamond oooooh okay cool  i MUST go to a pro store soon! Do u have burnt burgundy? I think that's what it's called that's perty too!
@VickysLife Don't know but I'll give it a try and let you know! 
@koodies Yay! Do it for life 
@jacqherselman great wknd of #rugby you guys have #super14 semi &amp; we have #heinekencup final.. Don't ya just love rugbywknd 
@Emileezy, you so are not! Don't ever think you are!  That better be someone else posting it!
@edjames1 btw, hear you and M are off for a boozy lunch at some point! Do I get to play catch up and get completely Fazeleyed 
@rkartha I guess only 99... Don't think anything else worth watching is playing... Though i can watch F &amp; F again 
@dschach @jpseabury I most definitely will NOT qualify for fashion-forward part of the job description. Don't even ask! 
Do NOT text or tweet tonight what you may regret tomorrow  http://textsfromlastnight.com/
@NicoleJeane mmmmm please don't be sad! Don't actually know you, but also don't like it when your sad!     double smiles!!
Do u think being alone is good? I have no clue cuz i'm alone here..no feeling..LOL 
@fjkinnit Who? Do tell! 
Don't worry about the small stuff things always seem to work out  - one heavy door closers and a brighter one opens!
I think sts-400 should have been launched anyway. Do some formation flying while up there. And xchange crews  #nasa #sts-125 #sts-400
Having tea with an aunt I haven't seen for 25 years and I can't believe she hasn't changed a bit! Don't you just hate people like that? 
@EnglishNerd  Don't wish that...you might end up like me and not be able to turn it back on again. 
@Therapeutic_C - thanks darling  *mwah* Don't think I'm THAT filthy though hey?
Do any of you guys watch dubplate drama on tv? It's wicked 
@edibow That;s gunna go brilliantly....will be listening...Don't be nervous   He's a really sweet and funny guy x
@angielala okay.  makin sure my mumma all good. Don't wanna go reckless on nobody!!
Do I really come across as unforgiving...if you define unforgiving as in considering a restraining order 
Do U remember the enchanted emerald forest?  http://bit.ly/3rrYGl  @markhoppus @tomdelonge @modlifeinc
Don't you just love getting an opensource program and changing all the tables to divs  I know it's gonna go so wrong..
@Llubyloo  ain't it odd how these people hang on our every word? Do you think there really is intelligent life out there? 
Its a new day. Don't give up cause I asssure you He hasn't given up on you 
@BerlyAnne Don't forget someones birthday today! 
Do you love piercing and body jewelry as much as we do?  If so then let's get acquainted 
@AmeriNZ hehe.  Do we need enough religiosity chat? 
http://twitpic.com/5ovae - Don't fall asleep when we're around 
@pjvandesande  For sure...the idea is the same of course  Don't know the value of a single FreeBee, but it isn't much I guess
@EmmieJ Don't worry, I will take good care of you whether you remember that car accident or not. 
@superdes Surprise me. Do whatever your heart desires...as long as it's manly  As far as length...umm wrist size? I have no idea. Not long
Do I tweeted too much for this day? 
@missbr0okelin He he , well have a blast girl! I wish I could go party too!  What kind of drunk are you? Do you turn loud or mushy? LOL
@bobbyllew If it's an hour and a half, leave it!!!!!!!! Don't cut it on our account 
@marketinghunter I don't play, my hubby is the musician.  Do you play?
@ThallenBLiving its done! You are blessed. Don't worry  HE got u!
Don't click this link  http://tinyurl.com/pbj7rb
http://twitpic.com/5xmlg - Don't normally join in on facebook quiz's but tried my geek level, perhaps there is something in it after all 
Do you believe in magic? In a young girls heart  For the music can free you whenever it starts!
@anchormommy Do you still have a strange desire to check your makeup at about 8:45?  
@BrodyJenner it was ok... Don't have high expectations 
Don't take it as an insult take it as a compliment 
just got home from work. We got ROBBED when it came tip time. Don't know what happened...talk to me 
@mr_gadget  Do you care if @aplusk quits tweeting? http://tinyurl.com/pkrppa via @msaleem // nope quit talking about it do it now 
@kir5ty Don't blink. Don't even blink. 
@salita712 knapae sal?hahaha. Don't worry, we all feel the same. 
I'm outta here, y'all ... see you tomorrow! Don't do a blessed thing that I wouldn't do because I don't want to miss anything. 
@missheathyrm I think that is such a great idea! Right on to being excited  Do it for you!
I have decided that I want a pet tortoise. Do you hear me @ski11z?! 
@AttitudeFirst Don't worry, you spelt 'incompetent' correctly! It just looks wrong 
Who is down for some charity work? Don't be a loser!  http://bit.ly/2qnEG
HEEEYYY! I got 2 A's &amp; 4 B's on my report card! I'm getting a credit card  Don't hate congratulate ! XD
@KengHoe Do we have the coffee as well? 
@nat137 Don't worry about it - you had many more important things to think about than just telling me what's going on! 
@TheMacMommy I've got 2 girls. Don't belive the hype- they keep you busy 
@Kkaannddeerr: are you on the computer!? Do it for me! 
Sometimes I feel like a vampire. Don't drink blood, just work better at night ... LOL 
Being the fat ass that I am... I'm eating chocolate cake    Don't judge... you know you want a yummy piece, too  
@kierantong You're welcome! Do give out more such tweets! 
@rappingyogi It's ok to be crazy ! Don't worry 
@MARZEEpandear Don't be so negative, at least you're doing it. I'm probably gonna be lazy and not do it all. You'll get a good grade 
Don't know where to go,quite tired, I think I'm gonna get some rest..I miss my bed 
@teemonster so happy to see you're having such a good time! Don't have too much fun though, we want you to come home  *hugs*
Don't feel well, probably should get some mimis soon 
I knew a thing that crashed, burned, and never came back. Don't ask for more 
ugh, morning dudes lol even tho theres like no one folloin me. Don't feel brilliant but i wil survive! lol 
#followfriday @lurquer for witty conversation with a fantastic man!  Incredibly supportive and funny! Do it now 
@divinefusion I'll talk about the idea once I've made it work, lol. Don't wanna talk about something I haven't got to work yet 
Don't tell anyone but I secretly love @paigehopelaugh and @lauraclowson and I can't wait to see them 
