Most common words for this cluster:
[('do', 931), ('na', 54), ('quot', 51), ('time', 51), ('today', 41), ('u', 41), ('http', 38), ('i', 34), ('lol', 32), ('com', 31), ('day', 31), ('work', 30)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Do', 0.9790187478065491), (u'Did', 0.7340721487998962), (u'Can', 0.7207037210464478), (u"Don't", 0.7195046544075012), (u'Does', 0.6947828531265259), (u'Dont', 0.67714923620224), (u'Would', 0.6768164038658142), (u'Why', 0.6758891344070435), (u'You', 0.6529995799064636), (u'Don\xe2_\u20ac_\u2122', 0.640740156173706)]





@Glinner Don't think that's the right username for Mr Brooks 
@AbbieLeona_Ox Liverpool. Don't get me jealous  going to london on thursdaiii 
Mornin twitterlings! I am tired. Don't want 2 get out of bed, but must catch earlier train 
Mornin twitterlings! I am tired. Don't want 2 get out of bed, but must catch earlier train 
I think I have a fever.  iDie. Don't know if I'll be able to make it to class. BOO!
Lesson Learned: Don't try and take out contact lenses in the shower 
Burnt my finger on hot steam it really hurts. Don't want to go to work today. 
@Hyperopia Don't suppose there's any chance of making the buggers pay i.e. asking parents etc?  Long shot I guess 
Gosh, Don't you hate those guys who are just so damn perfect but he will never go for you? ughhh 
getting ready to take Chama back to the vet.  Don't know what's wrong 
@tanilicious Do it!!!!!!! Start feelin' guilty 
Just finished Henry Hatsworth.  Do I dare start the harder difficulty?!  I dare. 
Hey Rosemary, don't worry about it!!! Don't want them wondering why ur shopping at this sad time. So sorry to hear the bad news. 
Have got an idea for a telly show. Don't know that anyone else would much fancy it though!  haha
Hmm...first time here. Don't really know how to start. What am I doing...good question. I'm trying to clean my room...how fun 
@Leslie_G stack is injured  are you a rowdy fan? Do you think we'll go 2-0? Was a great game...
@lomobabes log onto internet and twitter from the twitter website! Don't think we've got an application like Iphone! 
@JustJuanne Hey! Don't pick on me! 
Don't feel well!  Thunder and lightning storm for 7hrs now - hoping it's the 2hrs sleep I've had that's making me feel so groggy.
Leslie is THROWED. Don't believe a word she says. I don't feel good, think I'm comin down with something... ruh roh.... 
Don't get gassed! Alcohol will only make you feel worse. I miss her soooo much and I don't know what to do to stop hurting 
Not a very good race, Don't like starts under the safty car, i wont say who won jst incase, but  Alonso 
@Djalfy Sorry. Don't remember what was supposed to be in last tweet.  I think you've highlighted my prob with the line...
@chiarraigrrl I'll try my best to get some footage of course! I can't see myself becoming a Loose fan tbh..  Don't hold it against me!
Sorting out high schools for 11yo. Nerve wracking stuff. Don't want to get it wrong 
feels very very strange today. Don't think the sun agrees with me  Shame coz i love the sunshine!
Do u know ~ Malaria kills one African child every 30 seconds 
Don't you love technology. The across translation server I had deliver to by 8am crashed Fri night, and just crashed again mid-upload. 
@flyinfoxymama Sorry you can't sleep yet.  Do you have today off?
I love rolling in fax poo !   Don't think Daddy was too impressed though 
WHAT THE FUCK. Stephen just get off the fucking plane. Don't do this to us  OHMYGOD!
Just  bought cookies from Greggs.  Dry and tough. Don't know if I can take them back as I've got no receipt. I love them so. 
@Raven12 Awww  Is it the dentist? Don't worry, it'd be alright!
Don't want to go back to school tomorrow  BOOO school!
Took a little sprint to the printer, shins are still sore. Don't think i'll be running this week 
@TheJambo Don't stab Kieran, you'll go to jail and become someone's bitch. 
Just hung washing on roof. That was a mistake. Sun is nice. Don't want to revise now 
@TheCraziesFilm Joe! Don't injure yourself too badly.  lol busted thumbs are not good.
I agree with u Dave the mini cans are great and never go flat. Don't understand how they can be same price though 
@highdigi Mingin'!! lol Don't like any of them 
Hey Montreal, Don't forget ur umbrellas. It's gonna be a rainy day 
@ItsOneTen Don't remind meee.  Below the heavens is one of THE best, beginning to end.
@RobLink still on the mend. Brain not working. Don't know what was up but still on lucozade and crackers 
Don't ever try to call BT and expect them to actually talk to you 
@OfficialAshleyG How's the weekend so far?? What happens with your updates? A lot is missing  Do you delete them?
Having an awesome time at monsters of contemporary in Chicago!!!!! Don't wanna go home 
bah, Eve's starting to wake up. Don't really want to hold her and use laptop at the same time so crap telly here we come 
@Titany Don't you hate the ensuing silence when the show's over and you switch off your BBC pop-up player? 
@Melzykins Do you need a hug? *hug* Don't go all *EMO* on me 
Don't want my Darwin holiday to end! 
@Sewwychristne Argh! Do you even need to talk to play it? Why not type? Can he play in another room? 
@ayeshamulla where r ur tweets??? Huh? Don't mess with me, and oh tomorrow this time I can either drive or not 
Don't know why but I just tuned in to BBC1 expecting Jake...  http://tinyurl.com/cfd9zk
Urgh so when I finally did get to sleep I had a fucked up dream. Do not want 
Not enough sleep... Don't want to be at work... Sooo cranky right now 
I am still sick. So I am off to bed. Don't know if I'm going to school tomorrow, Mum will probably make me though 
@beauty_bross @Stine1701 Do any of you girl want to curl my hair before Sofies party on friday? I don't have a curling iron 
So tired and achy. Don't feel like going downstairs.  Better not be swine. 
@sampan22 finally working out this twitter thang! Don't think i can make it next Sat as all the cheap hotels are fully booked 
@patach Last thing I said last night to myself was &quot;Don't forget to watch Foster's!&quot;... And I did. 
Don't cry over spilt milk.. cry over falling face first infront of 15679 Tafe kidds 
@joannelee7 haha yea. Don't use it t TOO much cuz I have like no friends  haha
Looking for some new friends on twitter. Don't know many people here  Add me if you're interested hehe. Just getting started with twitter
@tommcfly  Why do they say such things   Ruined my happy night. Don't like people D:
I have the case of the Mondays   I think weekends should always be 3 days! Don't cha all agree!?
@sirwiggum Indeed. What a crap day it is out there. Don't envy the Snickers participants 
Sooo tired! Don't wanna go to class. 
Dad doesn't wanna let me use the new laptop  I'm singing &quot;Don't know why&quot; by norah jones :'( i don't know why he dsn't wanna let me use it
@solangeknowles wish I could come! Do you have just one show in Germany? 
What to Do, =/ Bored 
SoMeBoDy HeLp I DnT KnOw HoW To Do CoSiGns 
@christyfrink Just block them and send them over to @Spam. Don't leave twitter....    Just ignore them like a nagging mother-in-law. ;)
 Don't like ending the night arguing with the huz in SMF over stupid home improvement crap.
Another great day of riding in Italy. Don't want to go home 
Interview went ok I think. Don't find out until next week if I get the house tho 
@pattycular Sorry, that's not freeware.  Don't know the limitations of the trial...
@ahmednaguib What has happened to Nana? Do you know? Her account has vanished and I can't find another that seems to be hers this time 
@N00DLE83 hug? Do I need to hurt anyone? 
Head is pounding.. Finally got coffee.. Don't want to work on this sunny day 
@mallyfever FAIL! 21+!?     Do you think Suzie could get me in......?
is feeling fat, not going to eat tomorrow. Don't let me forget and don't let me eat even if I am hungry and beg... thanks! can't get FAT 
@coolzebras Sorry to hear that the boy is sick.     Do you want me to look for some phrase stamps for you at a cheap price?
The Magic broke my heart   Don't give up guys. The series is still tied..
In a bit of pain. I really hope I just pulled some weird muscle and it isn't kidney related. Don't have the $ for a Dr! &amp; no insurance! 
@jyesmith trying 2 that =D Do you know any1 who can help me, get the rest of the Amnesia crew in... I am already registered they are not 
@leix Acute Tonsilopharyngitis  Don't worry I'm much better now.
Don't mind the cracking noise that's just the pieces of my heart chippinf off piece by piece. Sigh this is not going to be a good day 
@blu3spristine Don't read my timeline thing because my last few tweets were messy Ex-bf crap. Its embarassing. 
@themib NOOOOOOOOOOOO!  Don't do it, Harry!  
@onarollcozies yes Paris is my fav one. Do buy on it online, I am out 
@rgoodchild What can I say - Hamilton, born and bred. Do you take back your prior comments? 
Bored out of mind. Don't wanna study for exams but I gotta 
Don't feel like waking up at 7 am tomorrow.  I suppose it's time for sleep. Night all. &lt;3
@ddlovato Don't cryyyy  Think about other stuff. Like how happy you'll make people be. We are the one's who should cry. I'm sure I'll cry.
Sick  Don't worry people its not swine flu i made sure of it.
Morning! Is the sun gonna shine today? Do hope so, otherwise it's that huge pile of ironing 
Young sparrows, please note. Don't come indoors. 
@Clydebuilt its sunny in Scotland again? Omg! Do you work out next to a rugby club? And you've not found a nice scotch rugger for me! 
@Gem_92 Don't worry it's not only you, we all do stupid things when we are feeling down, something to do with not thinking straight! 
Couldn't help but be teary-eyed when I hear **Don't Leave This Place**. Makes me want to cry. 
@transiit  Sorry to hear/read that. Do something indulgent today, something just for you. You deserve it!
Don't think I am going to go to see Paolo nutini Today as dad wants me to revise 
Working on the Comicstars-Recall....Don't like contests 
Don't eat out date cheese. Word of warning 
Door drop from local hair salon. Just a price list. Not a single reason WHY one should go there. Don't think this will do well for them 
Don't seem to be picking up everyone's tweets in my Tweet Deck groups  Don't know why, don't like it though!
@AishaAlsayegh Whatz the hell. Don't you have work? I want a yummy Mexican wrap 
Lesson 1: Don't text someone out of anger. Seems like common sense but not necessarily. 
Ooops didn't make my swim this morning! Never mind! Ordering my new laptop now... Don't want to spend all that money, but needs must....! 
LOVE the Twitterfon update!!! Don't love the ads 
Long day... Midterms coming up... Don't you hate it when the day starts out badly. 
Sleepy girl. Don't know how I supposed to do this all summer 
I really want a Nokia N97! But looks like I wont be able 2 get it as upgrade on &quot;3&quot;  What a shame. Do I buy the phone or change operator ?
@zenalchemyst damn.  I was hoping that was just my laptop.  Do you have Simplify Media?
Working from home rocks.  FACT.  Don't wanna go back tomorrow 
Just reread Don't Lose Your Mind last night. I wish I had someone to play DRYH with 
Out of bed because I was getting restless. (Don't look at me like that, Dean.) Walking around the house like a little old lady. 
Don't feel good, throat hurts along with my WHOLE body ughhh!!! 
I think i'll go for a shower. then revise English lit...but secretly...i've no idea how to  Do i just keep reading? HELP!
@Joeballtshirts *HUGS TIGHT*   Don't be sad.
Don't want to wake-up. I will end up having a SPSS nightmare again 
@djgiovanny Noo Don't be mad!! I'm sry 
@SchoolDuggery Don't doubt 4a moment.Tele.article written by smn who obviously barely understands social media.I think theyll get her tho 
Finally used that UAT temporary tattoo from dc15: &quot;Geekalicious&quot; applied to my hard shell laptop cover. Don't think it will stay 
Don't forget to ask for the few point cards that are left! nMore in printing right now, Sorry if we run-out 
@noberts omg! I love defiance Ohio!! Don't tell me they're dicks  xx
@petewentz I don't think you should censor yourself. Your one of my favorite people on here. Don't change 
@Jennymac22 Don't mind trains. Booked quite late though so on coach and can't read cos it makes me feel ill  Takes 5 hours instead of 2...
@crystalthediva LOL yea I no babe that's crazy ! Don't stress tho that's not good 4 u  just make sure to follow me babe &amp; Il def follow u
Do I just talk about myself and not to anyone?! If so... DULL!! 
@Rell8182 Don't feel bad bout Miami, I hear its 'sposed 2 rain. 
@CrystalNicole05  Sorry to hear that  But stay away from Riley!! Don't waste your time, &amp; yes, I will be seeing you at work later 
@Trackthedog Is this a new ear infection Track?  Do you have to wear the cone again?  I'm sorry your ear is hurting... 
@SmokeyDokey84 Don't think that's it at all...more about them undercutting fees and taking jobs from American's, not helping the economy 
@JackieVee me too  good times..LB POLY jackrabbits! Don't no one know about that! (unless ur poly alum) lol
Don't believe it. Overflow pipe from flat upstairs is pouring out above my front door again 
@LittrellHHC I wish I could go but it's too far to travel   Do something in Cali!
@eve6er69 Do I need a dataplan from my service provider to make UberTwitter work or does it work with normal wi-fi (it isn't currently 
better do my tips for this weekends AFL matches. Don't know why tho. I'm sitting 2nd from bottom... For shame 
Don't get me wrong I LOVED outback tonight but omg it tore me up like something fierce. 
Hmm I will NOT answer &amp; hurt my self-esteem!  @JerryBroughton: Do you own your cat or does your cat own you?
Do my Ff's in an hour.. @BostinBloke there's been a huge pile up on M6 bad traffic all around put news on 
@portugaltheman Where'd the songs go on the site, I want &quot;Do You&quot; on this computer too 
@portugaltheman @liftingfaces Where'd the songs go on the site, I want &quot;Do You&quot; on this computer too 
@nawty I've been well, thx. Just getting up for an early morning meeting and wondering why I agreed to it. Don't like getting up early 
@tommcfly Tom! Do a tour in the Philippines, please?  That would be so awesome!
@THE_WOCKEEZ @DonnieWahlberg Don't wanna miss ANY of your shows...you guys kick it! Sad to say...my plane is in the shop... 
Up and at em... got a big To Do List for today, and hubby has to work   But then weekend is going to be just us... I think!
Don't you hate it when you're left with one slice of bread left in the bag? Half sandwich. 
@MissShell20 eeeeep so jealous ;) I'm at work  um, how can u receive Viva? Do they broadcast it online? :plz:
My invisibleSHIELD has gone a yellow pissy colour! Don't look good! 
@tommcfly I really hope you see my tweets. Sent you so much, I swear. Do a tour in the Philippines, please?  *prays*
I really don't want a limo service to take me to the airport  I want him to. Ok soft moment... Don't get use to these!
watching Gilmore Girls reruns!! Don't know what else to do for the day 
@jennytornado DAMN IT! I want to see that movie sooo bad.  Don't tell me anything. hehe.
Don't know if I can watch Holly again, breaks your heart 
Hey every1! Do yesterday was my prom and it was the best. I wanna go back in time :] Ima miss every  new picks up soon myspace.com/risound
http://twitpic.com/67jzp McFly concerts through the years [H]... Don't have my '06 one though  :/
Do I really look like the gay guy with the dark hair and sleeve from #BGT dreambears? 
About to have dinner and then an evening of playing cards. Already packed and ready to head home tomorrow   Do we have to go home?
So much for just an oil change... Do not pass Go, do not collect $200, lose $160 
@perculia Beat me by half an hour :/ no thrown for us either. Don't think we'll ever do it again. 
I have never had one!!!! We don't have one in CG   Don't forget to get your wine!!!!!!!
Dime is gonna haunt me. Who is she trying 2 call. Who have I prevented her from calling? Do payphones even work NEmore? 10 crappy pennies 
@McFiestypants No cellular phone.  BUT house phone!  Do I trust posting it on here? Sure!  978 208 0074.
@Little_Moff Don't have access. I'm on a train for the next 4.5 hrs. 
Die hooikoorts is killing me... Don't like it at all 
@kleins315 Its because they don't have them here in Australia  and I have never been when overseas. Do they have them over there?!
@yardgnome736 Wall-E didn't make you cry?  Do you not have a heart?  
@ThatJaiGirl Must be.  It's a shame they aren't Nickle free. Do you have anything that will keep you looking fab in the mean time?
@Ken_Do_ p.s. Why r u cursing   haha
Headache .... ummmmmm... not good  ... and it's still rainning here ... and cold ! Don't like this ...
@JackAllTimeLow Do something in Brisbane  I want me some ATL lovin'
@AbigailH Don't forget the couple hundred views the campaign had on youtube ;) - good proof of how hard it is to get SM Marketing right 
Don't want to go home tonight!! Want to stay here forever.... Sadly emas don't appear to have my job 
Hey guys! Just got back from school, hard texts today.... Hungry, need to lunch. Don't know if I'll back to twitter today... 
Don't worry, getting ready to bust out some reviews. And maybe a new video! Just incredibly busy. Apartment inspection this week 
Sooo cute!  http://www.apple.com/trailers/disney/toystory3/ Don't know if I can wait a year though 
@Lounibos The rainwater runoff in the ocean   Don't wanna get sick.  Nasty stuff runs out of the drains.  No surf for 3 days afterwards.
@IamJoeBeastmode The thing is, when you're online, i'm sleeping..I live in Holland..  Do you have msn for fans, or something??
Husband has to go to work today from 3-11:30pm. Don't want him to go, but it is mandatory 
Don't think it's gonna happen for Aidan 
@DerrickJWyatt You don't like the twins either?  I wanna see hate art then - Do to them what you did to Beachcomber!
@Twitr_Bob Don't feel bad. I can't get it to work with my Netgear router either. I gave up about 2 years ago! 
@JaZilla_Design Don't worry! I won't sneer! *hug* I definitely sympathize. 
GOP Insiders: Don't fight Sotomayor    http://bit.ly/cPWKc
@rainbow_w cancer!?? wow sorry about that! poor cat!  Do not listen WTTBP today, MCR can be too much today, u know which song I mean :'(
@rainbow_w cancer!?? wow sorry about that! poor cat!  Do not listen WTTBP today, MCR might be too much today, u know which song I mean :'(
Really wishin i felt better  Don't worry Faith we will still be friends.. I love ya too.
This week in the Bahamas has been fantastic! Be back tmrw. Don't want it to end. 
ARGH!!!! Don't u h8 it when ur trying 2 du a favor 4 someone nd they dont email bak 
Don't you just hate when you have your dates wrong!! No BBQ for me this weekend 
I should be at the Do-Division Fest right now 
Don't feel good. Ugh. I wanna milk shake 
Don't think the Cavs are going to win 
At Central on my way home. Don't think I'm going to have time to make cheesecake before I have to go out again 
MacBook Pro back in action after second logic board in as many years  #apple #fail Don't get me wrong though I wouldn't have any other
@TheRealJordin Jordinnnn! Don't wah wah waaaah the Cavs and their fans. Do you know the heartbreak Cleveland fans have been through!? 
Don't talk about my boo  @FlyTunes
I have been in so much pain w my stomach for the past 1/2 hour or so. Don't wanna have to go to the ER again  just took about 5 Advil
Do foot tattos hurt Twitfam? Just curious. 
Don't like cleaning up after Buddy at 2 in the morning.... 
Don't think ill be goin 2 Ireland anymore... 
Goal of day: Do homework!! 
We came home last night to Molly limping with her right front leg.  Don't know what happened.  She is still doing it this morning.  
@BlokesLib Don't worry believe me we all make mistakes :0  I made one last week that was a bit silly  Fraser island would have been cool
@SMG1994 LOL! Don't even think about killing me 
@BitchNotAPerson Cold potatoes are a hundred times better than warm potatoes. Don't like those too much either 
Hmmmph. In a slump with lack of Tommy and too much drama... party was crap. Don't want to do call back... throat is being a jerk. 
@rafaqat Don't have it I'm afraid. Guy at work showed it to me. Not the kind of thing I like to watch if truth be told 
He will be briefly in Barcelona, where there is swell bike-share program.  Don't think he &amp; business pals will take advantage 
Omg scary dream!  Don't kiss me please!
(@baker200) Note to self. Don't apply sun tan to my back myself 
@Divagwendolyn Don't know that it would be a viable option for me and Nailah.  I think it's time for a relocation.
@emdanyell  No bueno. Don't worry...be happy...you're amazing...be happy...con-fi-dent....ok. Enough weird singing from me. :-D
@jarrelt yeah i heard my friend talk about Don't Stop Believing too but then its the new singer la 
On my way bk 2 da Chi .. Don't wanna leave sunny Miami  but I will DEF b back ....SUNBURN I tell ya !!
@oohlalanie Noooo! I wanted to see it with everyone this week  Don't tell me or sheryl anything!
@kiTchenerd Do you have the direct link to the keynote recording?  He shared it with us but I didn't copy it  #LL2009
It was TOO hot today  Don't know how I manage to get burnt in random shapes lol
@hannahnicklin Now we just have to convince the rest of the populace, alas  Do you use a &quot;green&quot; electricity company like Ecotricity?
@hannahrmoore I cried. Don't tell Kristen.  Was it not a wonderful movie?
Don't you hate that you have to decide HOW nice you're going to be to a guy SMH.  Tired of the games, but I sure know how to play them 
Don't EVER stick tape to your face.. I JUST learnt that the hard way! 
@chasingtuesday Ugh you're lucky! I don't think I have channel 110! Do you have Satellite? Cause I have cable! 
@Tiwaworks U just missed something involving Em, a naked dude and the f word. Don't ask me what, the shows not airing till tomorow here 
Don't worry, dudes. Not gonna let 2 internet &quot;coolies&quot; ruin me. Vanessa looks really sad. 
Do I really have to go to work tomorrow???  Bummer! 
@witch_md No, just woke up. Don't wanna go to the dr. What if he just goes, you're fine, tapos 5 mins lang? Sayang naman 
HOT HOT HAAWT night! MM-mm Don't leave yet 
@sgBEAT:bluepirate can watch on a friday?  so kelvin can come too. But must watch at Cathay. Don't watch at gv.
@Antiuse  yes that would be tough. Do you sing?! If so you could perform a song that would discretely tell them how u feel. For closure?
Argh! I don't know what to do... I have so many things to do... Don't know where to start... I am so irrated!!!!! 
Wishing for more fav. weather in Bruges over the next week...Don't want to go while cold and very windy 
Don't want to go to work today. Sun is shining... No need for a 1-9 shift! 
@TomFelton I have to work.  Do you play World of Warcraft?
Don't you just hate that feeling when you ZAP a card that has not been uploaded 
@irtimaled Do you just want me to attend so you can get your t-shirt?? Cruel 
Exam over. Don't even ask  Sunny times now and I'm ready to practice oral ;-)
my poor macbook pro has the mystical http://bit.ly/FDZW7  Don't quite know what to do. Apple support said they were still investigating
Oh yeah. Don't we have to go to Spring today for grad practice at 3? Ahh i don't remember where the gym is inside there 
@Luvs2laff I expect u have endured a bit of sulking then  Do have a day off or is it the grindstone today?
@Roy_from_IT now it is just complete all lit up. Do you know if there is a reset botton the on/off botton isnt working 
Do not want to go to school today, I miss Fiona 
Lesson learned this weekend - Do not bring your cellphone canoeing, especially when your end up playing bumper boats and LOSE 
Heading down to Atlanta. Don't have time to go, but I have no choice. 
Don't feel so good today...going to see my Doctor 
- can someone run with me to Newport ? Don't wanna take the ride myself 
@Blaq_ Do ice cream kisses take away massive headaches? 
Busiest day ever!!  Do not like.  
@NathalieCaron This is REALLY worrisome.  They are so kind in sharing their time with us. Don't want that to end cause of some fucker
@devon_leigh Worse??  Do u have meds?
@Chroma3000 http://www.justin.tv/g4tv_e3 Do you get a choppy video here? 
OK I'm confused. Did I sell a book? Where is the money if I did? Checked many a time. Don't see any monies. 
Don't ruin my day mr. Orthodontist 
What if we: What? Don't start leaving!  How am I supposed to get up to 1000 if people keep leaving... http://tinyurl.com/m7xbzz
Waiting for delayed flight to CT. Don't want to leave family. 
In band rehersal  Spring concert tomorrow Don't even have anything to where to the banquet 
@randomslagathor maybe Ill actually get a free app! I only have TTR1 and 2. Don't have any premium apps! 
Don't believe people who say that celestial mechanics is very romantic. It means they understand nothing. Celmech is quite a MATH!!! 
@iNestle Nessa what are you crying for? Don't cry! 
Stuck at work. . . Don't know till when 
Don't you just hate when your hair/head hurts after you take out your ponytail? Ugh! 
Hello hello ! Don't feel prepared at all for my exams  
Do ya'll know how if feels like when you ask a question and you wish you never opened up your mouth? That's how I feel right now 
@ChimRichalds: Awww!!  Theres always next year, dear! Don't be too heartbroken!!
Eating breakfast. Don't assume SMS works when roaming 
Don't help that I smacked the shit outta my head jumping into bed though!! Fack, got a bump forming. 
@RebeccaRemedy Don't do that, dear. It's silly.  Pierce the hell out of your ears, I don't care. But don't mess yup your pretty face. 
Burnt, dry toast and skimpily-filled sandwich. Don't think I'll bother going to O'Briens again for food for a while 
Looks at To-Do-List. Ten time consuming tasks at hand. 
Is tired. Knows that I have to exercise but is wanting an out. Don't think it'll happen 
@moi1975 It's a try!  Don't want to miss out on the link. No link received yet and NKOTB has yet to respond - doubt they will 
Ugh. Struggling with a bad cold today.  Don't think its going to be a very productive day  Drat. Need instant cold cure.
@YouGyalBedToy I know bb I'm sorry   Don't let jo kill Blaze though...lol. It's 5am and I'm not used to waking up alone anymore.. 
@mdotlee Aww man! He didn't even let me know.  Don't worry, the next time you cook I'm eating a HUGE bowl. I'm eating for two 4 sure.
@taluta or should that be sincerely intended?!! Don't mind me, not typing much less thinking to cearly today. Sry 
Just now getting home. Don't even have time to play with my new TV amd Net before bed.  Soo tiredd.
@amyk27 I await MON's verdict with great anticipation and if this is goodbye, who he will bring into replace. Do I not like this! 
Done with work. No $$  but I'm showered and ready to crash. Clean and tired is a great feeling. Don't know why.
@jawooten3 Unfortunately no.  Do you have to wake up that early everyday? Hire a virtual personal assistant: http://www.b2kcorp.com
@melchi That great. Do you like your work. Married but no kids. We have been TTC for the last 5 yrs. No luck 
@MeBrEEzy GoIn To Do LaUnDry 
Dang...missed Dawn live...but these apple jacks r makin it hard to be too upset. Do wish I was there tho... 
Wolfram Alpha can't solve crimes  Do you know who killed cock robin? http://bit.ly/nA0s3
&quot;Please note&quot;, &quot;Do not hesitate to contact me&quot;,  &quot;Thanks for reaching out to us&quot;.  Sometimes it feels like I say nothing else everyday 
Soo tired! Don't wanna study anymore 
Don't think I'll be going to the big reunion bash   Too bad, too. Would be nice to see all the OLD friends.
Having 2 jobs means never having a whole day off. Not diggin that at all  Do whacha gotta do i guess. I need a massage. sorry, random.
@tommcfly the truth, you hate the Mexican fans?  Do you believe that the guilty is PAola Garin?
@tommcfly the truth, you hate the Mexican fans?  Do you believe that the guilty is PAola Garin?
@tommcfly the truth, you hate the Mexican fans?  Do you believe that the guilty is PAola Garin?
@HeYSiD Yeap! I wanted my money back  Don't think it's worth paying $11. Just wait for it on DVD.
So restless. Ive been laying here for 2 hours and cant sleep. Do you know how much that can add to a girls stress load? 
Don't want to fly back tomorrow   Wanna stay a while longer...
Left work early... Don't feel good 
@kristiluvsnkotb LOL!Don't sell mountain DEW here   Would buy it in BULK &amp; just stare @it in my livingroom..I'm creepy like that sometimes
@Cydney_nichole Don't be sad! You could be me. I'm at home working on a paper. A 12 page paper. During summer break. 
@Phee78 Don't be stressed  *hugs*
Listening to Razia's. Don't laugh. 
Nono don't be distracted elie! Do your colors report it is more important then skipping around the house! 
Don't blame, it wasn't my fault. What do you get for telling me those? Pissed. 
@MiamiDonkey Learn some AIC, I love that band! Do you listen to them? I'm listening to them now! Wish they're new album was out. 
Don't you just love it when your hosting people's server dies, and you have to upload a 250MB backup at 50kb/s 
@diehairdye  ooo nice job! Don't have a stoke   do you know if David is at work?
Don't feel so good... Wanna go home and nap... And maybe barf. 
David Carradine, really? Don't you remember that when you step on a fish &amp; it stops flopping, nothing you can do will make it flop again? 
@TheLadyFox Don't worry, I got it. Sorry you had a rough day. 
Still tired. Don't want to go to school.. English and German.. And then: a 4-hour journey to Hamburg and I need to drive  I'm scared..
@tricia_ZLNet It makes me so sad, the weather.  Do you like the rain? Spit-rained? I've never heard that word before, what does it mean?
@delbius Hey delbius! Do you by any chance have a contact or an email that we could try at wefollow? We're still delisted  Thanks.
@Bobwhitmire But I will miss u SOOO much  Don't tell anyone but ur my fav &lt;3
Going to my sis' graduation but missing out on the Davis trip!  Don't eat too much without me @michelleeec
Jerry is going to be really busy.  West is not looking really good. Do not get me wrong I luv money but also making memories with my kids
Just updated my post on women &amp; sneakers! Loved  the piece @Danamo wrote on being a sneaker freaker too. Don't know how to post links yet 
@SDRadio   I wasn't invited to the fair preview.  Going to the PADRES. Don't worry, I'll make sure it's a drunk fest either way!
Bought a new digital camera... and realized it doesn't come with a memory card.  Don't want to get back in my car.  
@gabysslave Fine, or another time. Don't be  it's the weekend
..need haircut ideas. Throw me some tweople! I'm having a creative block..  Don't u hate those my &quot;original&quot; tweeps?
Don't think it's fair to advertise McD's when I don't drive and they don't deliver 
Notes to self: Do not make spaghetti in best work clothes; Do not drink hot coffee in white dress; Do not drop iPod in toilet. 
@petra_rajala Aww!  Don't worry, some head pain is normal with any interaction with the Horde.
@collective_soul http://twitpic.com/6pa5w -  What's wrong?? Have U been drinking enough water? Do U take your vitamins?
Do I have mean face? People always smile at Cory, not at me! 
@tommcfly Could you answer me? I would feel so good. Do you hate me? Cause looks like you do 
@SooDejaVu Girl, breathe! Don't be so down. 
oK SO wA Do WE dO hErE??? wrItE dOwN wa We Do eVeRy SEcONd THaT suCKS 
Kitty cat just brought me a present. Don't know who told him I like birds cause I don't!  Especially dead ones in a cats mouth.
Any lovely lady fancy going with me to the safari park today (Sat)? Don't want to go alone. Animals always beat me up &amp; take my money 
Any lovely lady fancy going with me to the safari park today (Sat)? Don't want to go alone. Animals always beat me up &amp; take my money 
Watching  &quot;Don't Forget the Lyrics&quot;...guess what?  I forgot the lyrics...darn it!!!!  
@Noro_lim Don't saaay that  I'm still 19!
Do any of my twitter followers know how much it fukn sucks to meet attractive fun fukn MARRIED women  fuk
@lostkiwi it was funny!!! Just not as funny as I wanted it to be! Don't unfollow me 
Bank never called.  Don't know if I got the house. 
The pilot light on the right side of our gas oven is off... I don't smell any gas though. WTF do I do?? Do I re-light it?! HELP 
had forgotten it was the Harbourside estival this weekend. Don't think we'l be going in this rain 
X-( I'm so sick of this orkut stuff  making me mad X-( Do any 1 have a Yahoo! id? :-?
Don't want to go to work today, I'm missing Strawberry Fair!  x
My tummy doesn't feel good.  Don't know if it's nerves b/c of doing something new at work or what...Either way, I'd like it to stop.
Just got a little emo seeing a man with his dalmation. Do i miss pepper and sugar? Weird! 
@ms_eclass Do better Ethie...I miss you 
@tommcfly I tried to vote for you.  HAH. Don't worry, @gfalcone601 's second too. LOL.
@greatcorbinski Noooooooo. Don't cut your hair. C'mon! 
A friend of mine told me about Dinara. I am speechless, totally unexpected. I read that she cried, is that true? Don't want to see it 
@BellaLelo  Go home and rest after work. Don't be in the streets.
@aznjesse is the devil. Don't talk to her. She harasses me all the time.  It makes me cry sometimes. She talks about me a lot haha.
@KimKardashian I did that a few years ago and it was HORRIBLE you will miss ur pretty long hair!!! Don't do ittt i wish i hadn't 
@juiceegapeach LOL! Don't touch my tummy!! DEATHHHHHHHHHHH! I hate when my bf touches my stomach, to think I USE to love that, ahhhhh! 
Do I really have to upload my 5 files selecting 1 at a time to SkyDrive, could  I not select all 5 in one go? I have 50 to upload 
Typical ikea - get everything then on the last bit BAM out of stock... Do do do dooo do - I'm lovin' it 
@jamiefarhat What?! Bite your tongue heathen! Don't say that! 
@BrendaBea Don't rush into having kids unless you're ready  You guys have time. Daniel and I are Agnostic, but lean toward Atheist views
@Yorrike After you collect our rock data, you'll have to do a post summarizing it. Don't know if I have any photos of my fave rocks. 
Throat hurts. Don't know why. 
@snazzysophie awww.  ok. Sure, u can come @ 6:30. But make sure ur here! I want 2 give us enough time. Do u want to watch it after Dane?
Don't understand why rehab doesn't seem to work 4 METH addicts. Still watching so many people I care 4 destroy themselves. Glooomy 
Lovin the northbay.. Don't want to leave tomorrow 
@mileycyrus COME TO TORONTO please! Don't break my heart! 
Using the L'Occitane lotion that put me in hives on husband's dry skin. Him: &quot;Don't rub that on me. I don't wanna look like you did.&quot; 
@eljonne uhhh...Do u mean ur situation, the drink or GULP....me?  
Grr! I've been chillin too much at work tonite! Don't wanna go back out there! 
@timTech  you'll find someone. Don't worry. It will hapen when it's supposed to. You can't rush it or you'll make a big mistake.
@ScottFOD I've barely been able to log onto FOD.  Don't think I'll be able to stay up to hear the cell cast. Too tired tonight.
BRB. Don't leave yet Ian. 
I wonder where's Amy.. Don't tell me she's already in bed.. 
@KimKardashian You have gorgeous hair. Don't get it cut, not yet. Wait until you get older like me. 
Don't feel like sleeping, gone to watch t.v. Weekend's almost over already  too much working..final exams start in less than a week ah!
What a day! Saw that the Mets got spanked by the Nats, which doesn't surprise me at all. Don't wanna go back to Rochester tomorrow... 
Do feel sick... But more like nerves not actual... Sick sick. Which i think is worse... [nerves sick that is]  xD
@springerspaniel  I knew it. One day I WILL invent something imperveous to springers. Aha! A brick! Do yours go for the squeakers?
Don't talk about food tweeters. I've got to starve in preparation for CAT scan tomorrow. I am famished. 
@Sunshineliron Yes!! (fists slam up w a little pelvic thrust) Do you see Londoners? Do you see? Awww I wish I could be in London 
Getting ready for the EU elections and heading to the polling place where I do the poll worker again. Don't think it will be a busy day. 
Don't wanna do SS 
Barely goin to sleep (4:30).. Don't ask y....but I'ma be suuuper hurt tomrw at work 
@bdawg123456 hey I got seriously grounded from everything. Sneaking 2 type this. Don't know when I'll be back! 
@GoldenFish00 Don't gave time   Have to go to a b-day party in half an hour or so..and my parents are poo sometimes!
@MelFresh27 Do you think? :p I genuinely can't sleep though.. Which is very frustrating.. 
@StonedSteve Don't you have to pay to see THAT video?  I thought @Bass_ might get it for my birthday but he didn't get the hint 
Boring, must learn for school  Don't like it - that's for sure. Is anybody out there? Going shopping was cool, but the rain was foolish!!
Half heartedly playing with a website design.  Don't feel right inside 
Teens in BAD mood,they're exhausted. Don't wanna go backpackng;that's not normal.Didn't want me to meet their trip leaders; they got mad 
@Common_Pigeon But u ate chicken this week!! How was that? Do u feel guilty or smthing?? 
I just brush my teeth not too long ago ((( totally don't feel like eating leh, how?! Don't eat can't sleep. Eat, lazy brush + gain fats 
@lizguest http://twitpic.com/6u1hd - Didn't work honey  Do you have the correct format? Jpeg works best
@win11 being requires work kid. Case in point: I'm studying. Don't want 2 b, but it ain't just gonna fall in my lap! 
@Foxyma2k9  I know! Its super duper old! sadness! No camera?! &lt;-Do they still make phones w/ no camera?!  But I LOVE Tmobile! LOL
@NBloggz Dude, sucks so hard that it's scratched.  Do you have a case? Which?
@jordanknight Just can't vote!! Won't let me  Do you know what power you have? All your followers crashing the sites! hahaha xx
@nicoledimeg what!!!!???? Don't say things like that!!! Tornados freak me out!! 
I may have had a sad story, but It's behind me. Don't feel sry for things that u were nvr involved in. I miss you, Duh. 2bad byes r 4evr 
California tortilla is the best! Don't want the weekend to end 
@oldergirlbeauty I'm registered w/the site but didn't get that.    @InMyProOpinion  Don't know about the fndtn; only skincare. Sorry!
@Texiwill Safe flight. Don't get H1N1  And yes on the job.
Don't wanna go back to Vegas  not ready yet!!
@chuck69dotcom Do you have Starmate 5?  Occasionally, my 1 button goes crazy too!  
@mileycyrus why are you sad Miley?Don't be,cause if you're sad,your fans are too 
@freekyzeeky wow! Don't do that to Britney 
@AlCarlton Don't come back out. The BNP got two seats and the atmosphere is crap out here. 
Online on twitter, really bored right know!!!  Don't feel like going to school on monday 
@tommcfly  Don't let it let you down!!  You're so sweet! Next time will be better, I'm sure of that.  Don't give up! Fla from Argentina.
WKD and sore neck isn't funny   But I'm watching &quot;What Should You Do&quot; half tipsy...half fun? xD
Titanic and family guy on... Don't know what to do!!! 
@kenziegrl3 Hey girl...Don't know if they can see your tweets cause you have your profile locked 
@NKOTB we here in Australia are not happy you guys have cancelled on us. Whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy?????  Don't do this to us  
@xLakeEffectKid Don't give up Charli! 
@MissKeriBaby Don't get me started! #iremember wearing baggy clothes in jr. high and STILL being honked and whistled at by grown ass men 
@Jonasbrothers Guys?! I'm Confused! I found out that you can first buy your new Album in one week here in germany  Do You know why? 
@tipp_princess bien merci. Do you take weekends off twitter?  We had Charlie and 4 angels in one room yesterday. You were sorely missed 
Gnome-Do always show 'post failed' when tweet via it 
Don't need a visa for Israel, that's good. Have heard customs horror stories (delayed in security for 6 hrs stuff) from wife's friends. 
I wanna be going to JoBros now  Don't want to wait till Nov!!
Do I have coffee yet??  http://myloc.me/3TFF
Bye twitter. Don't have the whole day to tweet anymore. I`m gonna miss it. 
watching re runs of sex and the city!! Thinking should i really go to bed and get a good sleep! Do I really have to move apartments 
@alex_saavedra Do you need a hug, Alex?   Being alone grows on you.  For starters, you don't have to fight anyone for blanket or pee time
AAAAAH. Dog pressure.  We want dawg. Don't have moneh.
@Dits Lol and I thought I was cynical ;) Do quite fancy Seven Pounds, altho not sure if it'll be in, hardly any there yesterday 
Traffic jam on all the roads  IN kaset. Don't have to say how about outside 
Heading to a job interview. Leaving my baby behind is tough...already feeling separation anxiety  Do I really want this job?
Sleeepy.....!  and its rainy. Yuck. Don't wanna work.
@Ashleigh_Coe stressing! and now my belly feels like it may explode  not good! Have you called the agency people yet? Don't forget!!xxxx
@Starmouth  Do you have an alumni at your uni? They often have a CV checking service, will give you good advice
Sitting in traffic.  . Don't know why I'm so tired. Seven hours til naptime...
Do I feel like risking my USB drive to see if NAV still thinks portableapps.exe is a trojan? 
@RoderickGordon - Don't take your anger out on Chester 
@Roisin_ god!!! Don't tell her anything!!   u wouldn't spoil my birthday and everybodys night by inviting her??
I don't feel good today.  I don't want to be here.  I don't want to be doing this.  Do. Not. WANT!  
making a shopping list...and a really long To-Do-List...awful 
Stupid grey clouds are back  Don't rain on me please!!!
If you disable functions in JavaScript (using //).  Don't forget to re-enable them before you debug why they aren't working.  
@TheRell I'm in the same boat as you. Not really but it will get better. Hopefully. Don't feel very well.  did you have a good wkend?
@MimRyan sounds brilliant! Pics on fb?? Or still no camera? Don't think me and mum are going to get over in aug now  x
@tattoedmommy wow that's awesome! Do you read tarot &amp; how do u use your mediumship? Psychics run in my family but I didn't get very lucky 
@jasonbroaddus Aw, too bad    Do you come here a lot?  Here for work or pleasure (girlfriend perhaps? lol) Have a safe flight!
For all those ex Gis soon to be ex manpower people I wish you well in the job hunt. Don't you just love offshoring 
@UKAsh oh I just checked my cable &amp; it says Ellen is a rerun today.  bummer but I expected this much. Do u guys get it over there?
@ScruffyPanther :O Do they?! Pathetic!  *hugs* xxx
@throughthenight Blech  Do you always go to bed around the same time? Routine is supposed to help w. sleep issues.
@LaurieInQueens Must be my phone. Don't see green avatar  Phone needs a kick sometimes
@neerav I won't be at PMA, unfortunately. Don't spend enough time messing with digital cameras 
jamming to LaToya's - Don't Need You.... 
Why don't ppl like participating in simple conteststo win free stuff? Do I need to increase the value of the prize? 3Gs not in budget. 
Why don't ppl like participating in simple contests to win free stuff? Do I need to increase the value of the prize? 3Gs not in budget. 
Do not be fooled! There is not one piece of cake in the movie Cake Eaters...waste of $1 
@MicahMichelle Don't Cry 
@Audrey_O I know. I don't have one!!  Do u?
SHITTIFICATION! Flat tire on my bike  ugggghhhh fuck. Do NOT have the funds to get this repaired right now, wahh wahh.
Heran kok ada yang marah karena gak bisa registrasi atau download? Do I ask anything in return from them? Weird  http://myloc.me/40gp
Hey!!! Wassup with kgp people  Y suddenly??? ( !!! Yaaar Don't give out the wrong impression kgp lyf Roxxx!!!
Don't wanna leave. Chillin with anth, nat, nia. 
Don't hv any idea how to play YOUTUBE on my berry device,keep Loading,but nothin happen,its kinda weird  anyone know? Helppp me (
Don't feel like doing any hw, omg. HW sux!  many many more. CRIES.
@amzmaria Fine! Don't share - watch me forget you especially when I have a million dollars to spare. I was going to give it to you 
Bah. Don't wanna wait a whole extra day for the iphone update 
Hahahah I'm having this stupid conversation with @chikitamedika. Do I really hv to separate w/ them?  I'll miss this guys, muchhhh!!!
Do u want some cheese with that whine? Why yes Gruyere pls. Sorry so whiney today. Not doing a good job of taking care of me today 
Bloody hell. Don't seem to be able to stop sucking &amp; chewing on the inside of my mouth. It's getting really sore. 
On my break at work. Don't want to be here. Want to play with Ralph 
3 days till Germany - packing. Don't you hate it when you can't fit all your stuff in your suitcase? 
Crap! I just remembered I have a doctor's appt. today! Don't feel like driving all the way down there. 
@LEGENDARYDOLCE No problem. Have u any more like that? Don't have myspace so can't see your page there 
Reading about what's missing in HP6 movie... ugh. Don't even feel like watching it anymore, sounds like it would SUCK. 
Don't feel so hot. I have a headache and my tummy feels naucious. Correct me if I spelled that wrong. 
@shakira Can I follow you?  Don't be worry, of course we gonna love your new job.  Hey, when you come to brasil??  We miss you! =X
Avoiding going to Kaiser. Don't want to sit in line forever 
@Jonasbrothers  Guys?! I'm Confused! I found out that you can first buy your new Album in one week here in germany  Do You know why? 
@taxgirl - I'm researching international tax transaction too (cross-border reorg) but I don't have Play-Do.  
I have no words. I give her so much love and what I get in return?... Do I hear silence? Yeah, I think so too... 
Just filled up the tank this morning with close to $3.00/gallon gas!!   Costed me $40+ for my tiny car!  Do something Obama!
@VancouverLaura  Do I really need to answer that? Sorry 
McFly+Jb don't believe :O McFlt +Pcd ? Don't believe agaiin  oh gosh ..
Simba is vomiting and has diarrhea. Don't know what's going on  http://tinyurl.com/nfzw8a
@AgentSullivan Do you mind sharing your facebook profile link with us, Sully? I can't find you in the thousand friends Booth has 
@Emmy415 Don't worry, it's broken now 
1480 lighting strikes in the last hour. Don't you just love these Florida storms.  Ruining my dinner plans though 
@Knoc I'm thinkin I might straighten my hair out. Don't feel like rokn the curly fro, but don't want to tackl all this hair either 
@lennysyankees some analysts are saying Jeter should no longer play short stop.  Do u think he will be moved next year?
@Zekeal_squirrel I had to because I was setting up for my school's prom!  Don't make fun of me! Hahahaha
I fell!  Never run in flip-flops that are too big. Seriously. Don't.
@johnnythefuture Dude. Don't let the hipsters run you over 
Stormy mood makes for upset stomach. Do not wish to say hello to my dinner a second time. 
@aradiaardor  Hopefully soon. Do you live in AZ?
Won't make the launch! Don't Have DVR either. 
Do you have any idea how hard it is to find a double-momentary DPDT spring-return to center key switch? And of course rare = $ 
Just got back from hanging out w JenArezoSung. Don't want to leave the field yet.  I want to be here when Sung takes illegal left turns.
@Queen_Of_Tarts Don't go to work 
Don't use Zicam - can lose your sense of smell 
@CCComms, @techAU Do you think everyone will benefit from fibre? I can't even get ADSL2+ yet  
@nickolaswheeler BUT Nick,guitar picks are great souvenirs from show.Don't you know what it means to your fans?  The other rules are true.
@HellcatBetty #Poop! They are phony! Don't go there. 
Missed the floor talk  But Simon Kaan's artwork is awesome!!! Do not miss the exhibition @ Solanders http://solandergallery.co.nz/
@chadfu oh fine. Don't come have the biggest fun in a bowl then. I'm never gonna meet my fav. Editor it looks like 
@iamnotsteve  Maybe you could strike up a friendship! Offer him a cup of tea. Do it!
@Krissyibiza When doesn't he annoy me? I'm seeing doc soon, as being sick constantly. Don't want to get out of bed 
Tucked up in bed all nice and snug and cozy. Don't wanna think about getting up early for 8hrs of class back to back 
Don't think I can afford the G10 this close to travel. Any suggestions for a decent fixed lens camera to rock to Japan with?!?!?!? 
@EastCoastGamblr Don't blame you, ECG. I wish the sun would stick around longer here. It's been a rainy summer.  
@MercedesBeth Don't leave me Mer! 
Headed to work...(Sighs) &quot;Do I have to?&quot; 
@MarinkaNYC hugs. I can attest to the fact that they grow up WAY too fast. Don't Blink 
@yougrowgirl Sorry for any misunderstanding! Do u think they knew b4? I was all excited about them too 
Advice! Do I buy a pink instinct off of ebay (it's new) for $200 or do I buy my old centro a new battery and reconnect it? 
@joewhitmarsh I'm angry I'm going to be in Kentucky! Don't have too much fun without me 
@Decibelia GEODUDE! Don't let him out in the rain - he'll turn into a Grimer 
Anybody have a remedy for a queezy stomach? Don't feel too good 
@jtjdt Lucky! I'm still not eligible until next year  Do I hold out for the next model or just get this one anyhow??
@STHUDGENS Am I allowed to ask you something? Do you know a girl named Lena Coley? 
Just decided to stop wasting my own time on a thing I can't change - but still love! Don't panic nothing special! Just this ONE thing... 
Cutting up my Victoria Secret credit card soon  Do what I gotta do... I'll survive.
@abstractmina MARINA! Don't feel lonely!  How can I help?
Don't be sad Pluto, I'm not a planet either 
@KingDro Ugh! Don't say that plz don't say that 
Do I have another? Hmmm 
Do any affiliate programs give you all the keys to success?  go http://bit.ly/hFNnAU |Has a bad feeling about college 
What are YOU doing?  Shane! Don't cry!!
Scanner still not working? WTF! Don't get it, did an update and now nothing 
@fupster omg I looked at the pic  I should never do that. Do you know how much time Joyce has? I will repost her asap to other outlets
@megandresslar it's pouring here in Seattle. Don't think we'll male that record. 
@maverickauthor OK, I'll check it out!  And ... Do you really hate Richmond.  
@sleeky_meerkat  That sucks. I hope you feeel better soon. Do you have Tums or anything? About 6 of them help me when I feel queasy.
I pushed a button. Don't know what it did. Sorry if it killed you 
Don't feel good at all. Worst migraine i've had in the past couple months 
@insearchofnkotb when I was in NYC I was looking for the address of daddy warbucks house. Don't think it exists. 
Haven't had dinner yet. But I'm starving!  waiting for my bf to get back. Don't want to leave my dog home alone. I did that all day
@devnykole hey i tried to DM u but &quot;What Do U Know&quot; ur not following me  never knew...
Don't really get if the Tweetdeck is now supposed to synch read/cleared tweets between iphone &amp; desktop. Not the case on my side 
Trying to think of ways to save up some money for a CINCY NKOTB!!! Don't think I'll make it 
Lesson learned: Do not eat too much cheese near midnight. 
@_Juni_ Yeaah..  how are you? Do you have a phone?
Awwww, I just got spam rolled again   how embarassment. P.S. Don't tell Rick, he might feel left out
Shopping again at far east but now heading home. Tired but don't want to go home. Don't wanna be alone 
Do I sound like a broken record? Houton wx: hot, humid, no rain...this pattern sticks with us at least into next week 
Don't fell too good... Could go a hug 
Don't feel too good... Could go a hug 
Made a smoothie for breakfast. Don't hate it but not sure I like it. 
@BenLightfoot Nope  Don't know what's happening.. we could always camp in the train station!
@flyingwithfish Do it up Fish. I'm missing Ava's 4th today. 
Done a full restore of iPhone yet messages are still broken. Don't think there's anything else I can do. 
@chadmanning What? Really? Holy shit, I honestly don't believe someone could do that  Don't let someone like that make you feel bad.
@lisahenley Sorry about the headache.   Do you still get them often?
Do any affiliate programs give you all the keys to success?  go http://bit.ly/9Cbc3Q :]Moving out and leaving Wallace 
Don't you just hate it when someone comments on your items on Flickr and says 'thanks for the great idea' grrrrrrrrrr 
Everyone you better vote for me for head girl tomorrow at break!!!!!!! Do it! Or I might cry  GO.........
@minervajayne Aw, sad.  Mix tapes are a dying art...       Don't think I've ever received one either.
@CarlBarry Don't cry Carl 
@Jaydon8724 Don't become a monk... *sigh* Girls suck...it makes me sad when they make you sad... 
@Bobblehead7 Do you not like me or something 
Stuck in the office! Don't think I can make the livestrong dinner tonight! 
@StepHen3195  I love you Steve. Don't die.
@FranAnnie *hugs* Don't leave! Bye 
Don't you hate it when you're IMing w/ someone and they say brb but they never come back...sorry Ande. 
#iranelection -people are just tired of getting sttepped on.You can't do this! You can't do that! Do what I tell you do! Folks are tired 
@axthrowingbitch No! Don't lose your muse, Soulmate!! 
Just got home from the Dayton Dragon's game. I don't feel like going to bed yet. I'm bored...Don't know what to do 
@Parixit_online Don't ask ..... saw my X-X Gf killing me ..... not exactley killing but choking me  &amp; it got even wearded once i check ...
@granulac You're leaving for #PDX soon? So jealous, I have two more months to wait.  Don't use up all the awesome.
Lights out. We hav an early morning of check out, outlet shopping , and long drive back to Tulsa. Don't want it to end! 
Totally sad now. Don't get to go to italy. WAY to expensive. 
@branhead4lyfe Do that! Sidenote: I may be in the city this weekend, lunch maybe? If you don't throw me a curve 
Make or break time for Royal Pains with tonight's episode.  Don't know if I have time this summer to keep up with another show 
Merengue blasting through the loudspeakers here at the restaurant. Don't have who to dance with. 
Nuuu! Power went out for a second!!  Do not like!!
moorrrning. Urgh, I have a driving lesson soon.  Do not want.
@nick_carter http://twitpic.com/7rd2d - Don't do that to me, it's almost an year I don't have some starbucks... *Sigh* 
after many hours of mind frying work, 1 laptop ready, 1 95%. Shame i won't get overtime. Don't even ask how late I was up. 
Don't have the Job at Beaty Shots 
Ariel, please. Don't have swine flu!! 
Phenomenal swim this morning..even felt some sprinkles falling from the sky. Don't think anything but a monsoon will help fill the lake 
I fell asleep during live ELR. Don't take it personal. waking up at 6am 5 times a week will do that to you 
@cherrycortez Was that the get new followers teet? That's spam! Don't click!  Sorry!
Shower time. Don't want to work tomorrow morning... 
@Nika_Lambert  Don't leave the cripple!
And trying to figure out what to do about a phone  Do I switch to ATT &amp; join @andynewman with an iphone, or stay w/ Verizon cuz mom pays?
Even tho I'm talking a lot.. Deep down I'm feeling really depressed and sad .. Don't know why but it's not a good feeling 
@Effing_ Hey, nothing new, I'm sure all the news will come while I'm at work.    Don't get in too much trouble.  lol
Don't know what to do now that BAT's over 
JUst woke up...lol. Don't know what to do today. Wish i could go to another FOB concert, want to go back to the beach...miss my friends! 
@Emma_balletbabe Don't know, it was there earlier   I'll try again later.
@shamir I just don't know what to post  Almost no one looks at them. Do you know if there's a way to import my facebook pics to flickr?
@_Lenchen_ Don't say MISSY all the time! ggrgrgrgrgrgrgrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr  
@jettemomant ahah not our contest-that was Sagra. Don't think I won though.  oh well!
Tuff luck  o well gonna make my way to LGA now! Don't want to miss my flight!!!!
Don't feel gooddddd...  i wonder if this has anything to do with that hangover i have. Hmm.
@sirena_jane Do you remember that crazy old lady that yelled at us outside of Staples? 
Jamming to &quot;Don't Change&quot; By Musiq Souldchild w/ Tirsa 
Do you have one of those songs that makes you cry whenever you hear it? I do and it just came on my iPod.  Bawling my eyes out now.
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh! Kole, you're killin' me with the strikeout!    Not a good move in 9th inning, my friend. Don't let me down.
Don't you luv Council services, sewer cap off nxt door, lovely  Council said 1 hr, been over 2 hrs and still no ones come  Dont Flush
@panachepro how's the working on your hubby to go to Wed MBA coming??? Do I need to find another roommate? 
@krunkjess I found this gallery of a m&amp;g beforehand. Don't see Kelly or cupcakes tho  So different one? http://bit.ly/obUJV &amp;click arrows
Going to bistate  leaving around 11:30. Don't text cuz my phone doesn't text it's GAY
@FlyerTalkerinA2 Ohhh, haven't clicked into the coin thread in months. That'll teach me! Don't have that cc anyway. 
@MuscleNerd  Minority making rude comments out there for sure. Don't sweat it though. They just haven't found meaning in their lives yet.
I see water every where , except in my Hostel   .  Do dey get supply from Sahara desert ?? when Arabian sea is just a minute away :-@
Don't feel so great this morning. I suspect this is the KFC I ate before I went to bed. I didn't have time for a real meal yesterday 
@jazzBANGER Do you remember in year 8 when we were in science and i stabbed my eye with my pen? Fudge monkey that hurt 
Stopped for a bite to eat just inside county Durham on a dodgy motorway layby. Don't feel safe  http://twitpic.com/7w5zw
@barbibegarie Lucky u! U get to watch it. Don't know how long I've to wait.... 
@kirbythecorgi    I hope your mommy is OK---she is probably missing you jumping on her head.  Don't cry.  
Don't think I'll be able to watch #f1 race at Silverstone tomorrow. The TV reception here has been unwatchable for the past few days 
@Bren_311 Don't be, no one around here bathes.  It smells so bad around town some days 
Izza goes back tomorrow. Do not want 
Rawr. 14:37.... Don't know what ta do. 
@WSB_TV Don't know of a setting like that! 
Dag... I was hoping to so some photoggin.... and handin out biz cards there   Don't worry... rain doesn't stop my hustle...I keep a plan B
mbeyley2: Its good. Havin a ball... Don't wanna leave 2moro  lol http://tinyurl.com/mpx38w
@GenaDemesillo Don't want you to get more sick  I miss you Gee!
@bigfolio http://twitpic.com/702bf - Yuck! Don't think I'm in the islands anymore 
Don't be mad at me @iDavey   Gimme a kiss babes.
@d3line i can't find it!  Le sigh. Do send!
@paulkukiel can tom. night. Drop us an email add. Do u know about setting up sub domains with railo and aphache? have some issues with it 
@MasterXell LOL. Noooo! Don't make me choose, it's too heartbreaking 
Do I look TOO small for my age? 
@melody Cannot. Waiting for @a4ce's friend to pick up stolen truck. Don't know how long it'll take.  but also 
Okay. Do u know what I need? cause I do. And I won't tell you. ;) But seriously, life would be so much better..! 
@ddlovato me too  You know what, screw guys. Don't let ANYBODY make YOU feel like less than you are. No one deserves your tears!!!!!
Don't wanna leeeeeeeeeave, I'll be in a freaky Old Court staircase of economists next year as well... 
@Airrun Don't be scuurd! Just be there on time. I pushed the limits on that one and lost the game. 
Do belkin make the worlds worst USB hubs or what? They seem to be designed to fail after about two years 
@nick_carter Why won't you accept my friend request @ nickcarter.net?  Don't you want to be my friend?! #NC
@jonaskevin What about your fans in Peru?  Don't you remember that the food was great? Haha
@Satyagraha_ji Don't know whats wrong 
I don't think I want to move away from your life. Neither do you. I still love you. Don't you know that? 
Do you MUST use iTunes 8.2 to upgrade to iphone firmware 3.0? iTunes 8.0 keeps giving me error when I attempt the upgrade 
Don't know what I did, but I lost all the members of a group I made in TweetDeck. The group exists, but the peeps disappeared from list. 
@red0422 Yeah... Don't know why I can't cause I was so sleepy a few hours ago 
At home. Bored and tired  Don't wanna go to skool tomoz
Don't text me saying &quot;text me when you're up&quot; and then ring me before I've texted because that probably means I'm not up yet! Tired 
@isaimperial ..n tho. Sorry to u and @inezherbosa  Don't mind the side notes and stuff.. @allyzajim kasi eh :|
Don't know if that'll actually do any good, but it's worth a try. Better than just sitting here doing nothing 
I gained!  So much for having a DIET! Do I really understand that word? LOL
Don't worry ppl. It's just dental surgery. I'm all drama now coz I will not b able 2 eat... Not Tat I can now too. I can't chew my lamb!! 
Finally get to lay down. Don't want to go to ventura tomorrow  i love my birthday girl Krysta &lt;3
Don't think I tweeted at all yesterday! Sorry! 
@grum Maybe they thought that Do or Diy was dead. 
Driving home from Barrow. Don't want to go to work tomorrow 
Why am I not sleeping?! *stupid addictive BL game, I blame deviiiiii - cheeky, crazy onee-chan* Don't want to go to work tomorrowwwwwww 
Weight 129.6. GAINED!?!? WTF. Don't know why I did nothing different! 
Shit, I think I just accidentally hoovered up a spider  Don't tell PETA.
Don't give up  PLEASE don't give up
@BarackObama don't act like you didn't smoke in your hayday, buster!! Don't take my flavors away 
Nooooooo! Don't wanna go school tommorow, it's such a chore to wake up!!!!! 
@gaston213  - Sad face.    Do you need me to kick someone's ass?
I haven't had a Slurpee in a while. Don't need that bullshit, just want one. Being health conscious can suck at times. 
@Ninjabear22 Don't stop. Really. It's hard to get back into the swing of things. I can't sing anymore, because I stopped for a while. 
Do you think players being 'carried' in game are lazy or unaware?  Helped someone on a quest - he auto followed and did nothing 
@Deloveable LOL....Who dares break up our perfect twarriage. Don't they know I would open a can of whoop ass grr!!Fine I will leave Megan 
@jaredblair Hopefully soon.......... Do you remember me? 
 Listening to: Do you believe in life after love? By Cher  But i don't  I'm so sad! But i already found my dress  yeah! hahah! see you
bah! Starter in my car died today.  Don't know how much or how long it will take to get it fixed and get me back in my car.
Don't you just love being sick?   Coz I sure don't. 
Don't want to be here today, rather be by the pool enjoying the sunshine and my poolboy Sven ;) except I don't have a pool or a poolboy 
Don't wanna be here...well, Munich is such a beautiful city, but it's rainy and cold and it's juny!!! The weather should be MUCH better 
@abbykruel *cough* *cough*.  *swallow*.  Nope.  Don't feel any better yet.  
@Do512_Kristin it's a good thing they give you xanax. or something like it. i backed out though 
Eek pap smear?! Do not want! She hurts  and can feel my ovaries lolol
@steamcrow @misangela Don't forget the Portuguese sausage and bacon, covered in brown gravy! All the Hawaiian places near work closed. 
Dear Chinese ESL student, why do you choose to sit next to me? I know I don't LOOK like I speak chinese. Don't wanna be translator  
@coll33n Don't say it Colleen just don't go there it's not a happy time for me 
Don't have to yell. . .   &quot;KAT!&quot;
@BeejiveIM hi! Do you have any comments about push problem on 1st gen iPhones? It doesn't work for me 
Game at 5.  Don't have my shoes... So i gotta were these small ones until sadie gets to the game 
@szare_wear Did you buy Firefly or is there a decent place to watch it on the interwebz that's legal? Don't shoot but I've never seen it 
@DoubleyDee NOOOOOOOOOO! Don't say that.  I'll go sit with Rida then. :/
Don't want to go to school. But I have to go in an hour. Today I have a presentation in German about a book called Hiob 
Don't call Ness a fat boy 
@lifeswings Cause he's gay. Don't we have Alexa Chung in MTVasia? 
@KrysUnique Lmao  Do you want me to call??
Don't expect to wake up bright eyed if you worked VERY late last night 
@Maxii Don't hate me for loving Dean. 
Up early  the car is being MOT'd! Do I go back to sleep when I get to Nannas?
@nearvanna oh that's too bad  :O! Don't get me started on products you can smell offgassing! I used to be allergic Scary stuff!!
@Niki7a Don't say that about the eye twitch, I had it last weekend 
@thisisryanross awe Ryan you'll be alright. Don't let anything get you down. The 60's were awesome. But time only moves forward 
@Cibu17 Do you offer samples or sample sizes for first time customers? I want to try Shang High, but do not need fullsized products atm. 
@idlemichael Awww Michael, thought you were doing a cracking job sir. Don't let the bastards get you down 
@Benrego Noooo I will not shut up. Don't be mean to me, I'm sick. 
Don't want the O2 ppl confiscating it again!!   resolution size my ass. Lame excuse!!
I am a HSC student. Why am I pulling out my books for an ext 1 maths exam at 10.21pm the night before the task? Don't answer that..  #fail
@SemperFidelisTX I would love 2b able 2 practice 4x a week! Don't know NE1 2 shoot with here while Terry is deployed 
Eye appointment. Don't want to go.  
Rolled my ankle at work last night. Don't know how well I'm going to do with training now.  http://dailymile.com/e/zHX
@markimbriaco  Microsoft is dragging its feet on the inevitable. Don't worry, I'll find a way to make it happen.
At work...again...missing Shan. Don't get to see her 'til 9 tonight 
@RealDMitchell Don't you get bored of lemons asking you the same old questions? Didn't look like you enjoyed that TM interview much 
@writerspry Can all theaters even support 3D? Think it'd limit sales. Also hated 3D in Coraline (didn't work right). Don't make me choose 
Don't wanna get ready for work! UGH!!! 
@anjelicaca warm glass of milk? Sleeping pills? Do I need to read you a bed time story? 
@JolijnPosthuma Don't think  I'm saying that am I?!  as for your example one ZC doesn't mean a thing, but a set of all valid ZCs does!
@dirkmetzger F&amp;F is a great movie. Don't diss the Diesel 
Don't forget to watch @andybumatai at www.theandybumataishow.com at 1 p.m. Hawaii time (later on mainland!) tomorrow. I'll be there! 
@Weeza79 Do you usually walk or go to gym or anything? Walk run is safe anyway...and you'd build up quickly enough 
@AndySalmon Don't forget you CAN have coffee if you are gonna get a workout in...BST day! 
@lizzyval I added pgatour.  Do I get some PROV's for it?  
@LisShill Don't u mean &quot;and IS now sitting on a ball...&quot;  BOO! Fancy meeting u here....xxx
@MarketingVeep Put that sledgehammer down, woman! Do u know how much that iMac cost????   LOL
@bbrannan I'm and good and glad you are too!   Don't you think we should get the new twitter, Oprah to share in twitter causes? 
@OhFerras Do tell. Gossip session needed. 
from TPB: &quot;Don't worry - we're from the internets. It's going to be alright.  &quot;
The Pirate Bay: Don't worry - we're from the internets. It's going to be alright.  http://bit.ly/17gy87 #tpb
@tom_mauriello seen the Yankee score yet today?  Don't worry - alotta game left. Only need 12 runs . . . To tie 
@AliceeXD YEAH!! (Don't hold your breath)  
haha, yes! @bradisbored does that apply for you as well? Do you look like sour cream/queso smothered chicken enchiladas? Cheesy! 
@badmummy Excellent  Don't need spatial abilities for that.
@AlexAllTimeLow Do it when you're in Sac again! 
I just blogged about &quot;How to become a sucessfull Etsy seller* http://www.kreativling.at/ Don't expect any magic, though 
@I_am_Zo &quot;All that I can saaayyyy. Do do do do do do do. All that i can saaayyyyy....&quot; 
@Rosaapril Don't use it to check your DMs, get an email instead. Means you free up APIs for replies and tweets 
@Youssef90 ? ????? Don't worry - we're from the internets. It's going to be alright. 
At the bottom of an iTunes vouchers it says, quite bluntly, &quot;Don't steal music.&quot;. 
@trent_reznor Here is a question that did not make the Digg question cut. Do you ever sleep??  
Happy As A Do Do 
@CarrieAnnYoung  I feel old.  Don't you?   how was YOUR birthday my friend??
@kobinaceous Rar!  Don't forget to get up and slowly stretch on occasion. 
Paybacks - my husband is working on a Honey-Do list 
@AlexDH92 Yessss! Do ittttt haha! If you need any help lemme know 
@pink_flamingo09 - Do you REALLy want me to tell you WHOSE room? Shouldn't we let this be a surprise? 
@JonathanRKnight So how was the poole party? Get sun-burned? Did you play marco polo? Do tell 
@notsooglam lol. Ok I'll do that. Don't worry this year u might have a chance to make back some of that $ u've lost  hopefully
Retweet from @spam: TheSmartECard.com isn't a virus; it's just a scam/phishing site.  Don't go to it, don't give it your personal info.  
I love rolling in fax poo !   Don't think Daddy was too impressed though 
You know you've been in Korea too long if.. http://twitzap.com/u/JwQ @cjkoster @duckbokey Do you agree with this? funny. 
@JalbumFrog You know what I'd like? I'd like to be able to integrate a blog into my Jalbum.  Do you think you'll ever do that?
@nigelonthenet @Al_Furlong @kazzylady @sojisan Do you ever feel that some of those twitter tips are always the same? 
@nigelonthenet @Al_Furlong @kazzylady @sojisan Do you ever feel that some of those twitter tips are always the same?  http://ff.im/-2eBDH
@TomFelton Do not change the pink recording studio it gives us happy songs and hence deserves to stay lol  XX
@FreshPlastic The only other answer is, you had the dog sitting on the Wii with you when you weighed in. Do you have a dog? 
@MariaBentley Maria, I was looking for some of your music.  Do you have some I could listen to?  I am a songwriter btw....thanks! 
O shit!  Just realized its earth day. Do what you do.  And no I won't smoke with you. 
Don't worry RCB, we will comeback strong in next matches - Cheerup 
@DWsCoverGirl1 Where did you read that? Do tell 
The weekend drops off with surprising volocity, and it's time to... get SERIOUS! Don't say I didn't warn you 
@miizronnie fair nuff. Do some research on the caps before u ask. Lol I got me some Oreos 
@guyoseary shabbat shalom! Don't forget to count the Omer for this evening 
Improved shop pictures... more listings coming soon!  www.thisgoodlife.etsy.com xD Do you want to be my first sale? Heehee.
@CounterSuicide Proposal? Do tell 
@MissysNoAngel Do that! And drink water or OJ if you have the latter, &amp; try eating something b4 bed. I know all the hangover tricks, heh. 
@Philbradley Do you still write for Update? I used to lay out your columns. 
It's finally raining in Bergen again  Don't get me wrong, I like the sun and all, but I LOVE rain. I'm weird that way ;)
Slept for 8 hours after a long long time. Don't know whether to feel happy or sad. 
@sweetsheilx Alright2 I'll upload it, but I'll make it exclusive first for you &amp; @piiyaahn.  Don't be harsh ah 
@kyanoun That was a short QIK. I didn't comment in time. Do it again 
Excuse me for writing German only. Don't wanna be rude, but I'm too hung over 2day to do otherwise 
Don't miss this blog post by Zak:  http://tinyurl.com/ccfuku 
@Taigitsune Same here. Do you have any near you or are they a commute? I'm amazed at how many events and how widespread they are now 
I vaccumed. Don't even know why. Probably so I won't feel guilty when I spend the rest of the day on the balcony reading my book 
@MsKarenOliver that sounds WONDERFUL! Do you like to play? 
Looks like my artist interview, conducted by @ifelicious, is LIVE. Do stop by for a peek   http://ifelicious.com/?p=2229
Don't forget to pick up your free Paramore ringtones at our profile 
@Jonasbrothers Wow that's so cool  Do you know when is the premiere in Argentina ?
@CHRIS_Daughtry  LOL!  Don't you mean shiznit-o-bam?  
@Hatz94 Don't worry, you are very talented, saw you on youtube with your cousins, you won't be compared to your brother 
@Bridget_CooKs Yum! Do u put the recipes up on a blog? I want to see some pics too. 
@nick_carter Don't forget my dear, you'll always be in my mind and my heart ok?  BIG kiss and special affection from me (Brazil)! I ? u!
@AIannucci Don't worry, everyone is still in bed. Have some coffee. 
@skatergrrl IQ of 145 apparently! Don't feel that clever! 
@Hadramie  Do you want shopping tips? Hehe...
@BJ111 Do you think your parents would let you go to the efteling alone, with me, by train? because I have kortingkaartjes van de AH 
Jet is rushing orders  busy yet very happy  Do continue to support and come pick some Japonicas 
@FrankMaresca How long are you staying? Don't you miss the basement? :snicker:  You guys are so cute together. 
Do you think viagra spammers are hard up? Boom boom... ;-)  (Yes, I did go *there*...)  
Don't Panic - Coldplay  
@keisha_buchanan Do the songs u done with RedOne have his name and your names sung at the start like his other work?   xx
Dgringolocor Darling. Mi guapo.  Do call sometime. We have much to talk about (both present and past..  )
Excuse me.... Don't hate on my J-crew wellies   http://yfrog.com/0r4f1j
@RMyfanwy Nah my hairs not been black since i was 21 :o Do you have any cats? I want a ginger boy cat 
@angry_doc Haha, I care.  Do you get charged for SMS tweets? Who are the barbarians?
@janemcmurry  I haven't done anything deserving of a thank you, Janie. (Do like THAT pic being up again, though!)
@Su Sure you can. If you author more than one blog, you may submit as many as you write.  Do mention if any of them have multiple authors.
@marcandrefleury rest up, eat your Wheaties, and get out there and kill em. Do work 
Do you have a chronic illness blog? Let me know, I'll post your link on my own  www.ptsici.blogspot.com
@Kat77 Don't ever turn off the part of your brain that talks crap! That's where fun comes from 
I still want a Smartcar!!! Don't they have the most wonderful designs ever? 
Morning Ali a big thank you for yesterday love you always xxxx. You out on the bike today? Don't forget to get a helmet ok 
@BeckyPidz You charmer   Do you like football too?
Don't worry, I won't  I'll send it to you as soon as I land in Delhi. I'll let you know about the price in a little while.
Don't follow your dreams; chase them.- Richard Dumb (who I think is very smart 
Mommas day is may 10th! Don't forget to do something nice for your mommyyy 
@socks_b_rockin hey it's Julia. On twitter. Don't faint. I'm trying to get it to send to my phone 
@V_Simmons everyone has their mistakes to make and lessons to learn. Don't let the negativity get to you. 
@teemwilliams Michelle, @tamronhall is on here. Don't u miss her being on Fox? I liked your interviews with her. 
Enjoying the heck out of spending time with Amanda.  Do i really have to go back tomorrow?
Going to bed after the CAVS game  Don't judge me LOL
@JenAlaniz Don't worry you will have Ava to distract you on the flight 
@thnkhappythghts HIM shirt at dinner? Do you need to ask??  Does it actually have Ville on it?
I made an animated holiday card thingy. http://is.gd/yjpq - Shh. Don't tell mom yet. It's a surprise. 
Don't remember installing phpMyAdmin on this dev machine but happy to type host/phpmyadmin &amp; find it there!  (didn't use xampp) #senility
@jannarden my dead father had a velvet Elvis painting. He said I would get it when he corpsed. I said, &quot;Don't threaten me, old man!&quot; 
@MariahCarey The first thing she said means &quot;Your new album is really good&quot; and the second thing, &quot;Don't it's broken&quot;. I am Persian! 
@QuiMo haha Mon...Do you really want me too send it? 
@Do38 home? where the heck are you? Ima be home so soon! iA! 
@BJoie I sent u the download link for Spanish &quot;Don't Cry&quot;...let me know when u get it 
Twello Foodie Tweets @josepicardo Do you fancy coming up to my house and cooking?  Sounds.. http://tinyurl.com/qz88co
@DawnMarieH Excellent!  You got a name for him yet? Don't forget to twitpic him. 
@the_4th_floor Do you know when the Prodigy are playing today? Thanks 
Don't be too heavy using this swing  http://tinyurl.com/or76wx  Cool house on the edge.
Fiz os 7km em 33'26&quot;. Do the math. 
@NathanFillion like the white applicances. Don't know why HGTV pushes stainless steel all the time. Do you do voices w/action figures? 
Don't forget to hug your mamas today!! Heading to jerz to see mine 
@ChesterBe Do you like to watch cartoons with Tyler?  http://s46.radikal.ru/i113/0905/20/3d248890fde4.jpg
@TweetMeSilly Extreme activities? Do explain. 
@ThisIsRobThomas Do you kiss your Momma with that kaiku mouth  LOL
@edgartronic Fyi, you gotta make reservations months in advance. Do it &amp; enjoy! One of the best restaurants in the nation. 
@khali_blache Squee! Don't worry, I'm sure I'll have to pass the trophy on soon enough. 
@djleonsmith Starting at 1am on a tuesday night?  On the gold coast?  What the?  Don't they have laws against that up there or something? 
Don't dance around the house while holding your laptop and listening to blip.fm, makes the song pause.  Room cleaning time.
@GiveMeTheStare Hey GiveMeTheStare? Don't know what to call ya but hey! 
@Krislegalista It's a different time zone where you are. Do you know where YOUR timezone is? Mine is in the bedtime zone 
Alesana not growing on me. Don't want lambert to win just for the drama 
@Wossy morning! Do you deliver? I an ill as well sorbet would ease my throat 
@Sparkla teehee, i've already told David, so if i forget i can blame him!   Don't worry i'll be there 
@JackSavoretti I'm excited to listen to the new album! Do you plan to come to France? You have to 
@KrisAllenmusic KRIS, I love you so much! Do u know how many times I voted 4 u? I hope u'll win! I'll pray 4 u 
@jonathantweed Don't get me wrong, I loath Oldham. I really do &amp; it will always be hell. The people are bigots and the landscape pig ugly 
@Recoil101uk Don't speak like that really, in these parts I'm considered posh! 
@reverendrichie yeah...but you made that assumption I was one of them. Don't deny it...ya did...lol.  Lata....keep postin' the videos. 
@libbyoliver Oooh. I know what it is! I know what it is! lololol. &quot;Do you lick the lid of life&quot;!!!! 
@eriklebsen  It's a fun list. I like the Mario one. Do that.
Last song tonight in the main room was Don't Stop Believing. I like to think I've had a small part to play in making this happen 
Don't you LOVE the feeling of sitting and relaxing in a beautiful yard?! I got to relax and enjoy my hard work today. 
@sadieshihtzu *sliding liquor cabinet keys to Sadie* I'm turning in for the night. Don't overdo it. 
@caseygotcher Also, thanks for the compliment! You guys built it, of course it's excellent!! Haha! Do you have any pics of your rig? 
@TJeuro Do you REALLY want to know?? 
@SherriEShepherd   Sherri, Don't you sleep girl....I wish I had your energy 
Hi @MaryAliceHale i'm go shopping today,want to come?  I hope u al right  Don't be thirsty! 
I did not watch euro vision last night. Don't watch much telly anyways. I snoozed and fell asleep just before it started. Sad woman 
Don't play this when your kids are about. YouTube video http://bit.ly/WcIfz. Some might be offended.  Some might ROFLYAO
Don't we all @PerezHilton 
Do you want your own automated website? Easy to design and newbie friendly! check this out http://1873296779.thirdsphereplus.com/ 
@Joner cool, very nice looking site  I like clean designs like that. Don't forget you can add your shop items to naturalbornshopper.co.uk
@GRobin Don't fry for Argentine wines either, they're doing just fine thank-you. The tango show was hot, hot, hot 
@polstyle Mon the tonic! Don't make me come over and menshie in kanji pon your walls  get well soon...
@Hel200 have lots of fun in Leeds  Don't get too lost on the way out! Lol xxx
@AlexisLeAnne ok. Just give them my phone # or email. Do they wanna see pix of it. ? I think we r moving to hackberry  buying kellis house
@Gravija  Pete! Do you want the whole album of that song? I have the whole album 
@Beverleyknight Do you think the rest of Europe realizes how cheesy it is too? Maybe we are ALL in on it! 
Whaaaaat? You did not vote for McFLY yet?..  www.musiqtone.com Do it now ;)
Don't rele feel good..tummy n ankle hurt and can't half talk.   (: Codys Kat 
@iUberGeek cool  Do you need iTunes to browse the app store? I had trouble finding it via web.
@McCainBlogette Wow... Don't know whether to wince or cheer at that one 
Ray and I have become biffles! Don't hate 
@Maiyab How could a book not be inviting with the words &quot;Don't Panic&quot; on the cover 
@Angel5805 Don't worry, twitter is strange to all when they first start.  You'll be a tweeter pro in no time! 
Do you guys know about this? ELF makeup all $1 http://www.eyeslipsface.com/home just purchased a bunch  makes me happy!
@timechild Heh, I understand.  Don't know why I didn't think to check your profile.
@Goodie_two_shoe Don't. It's their fault for being idiots. It's much more fun making fun of them 
Having a GREAT weekend - hope you all are too!  Don't forget to checkout all the new profiles on www140love.com 
@ElspethMurray Don't think I'll make it down in time  Fi tells me you are due up this way soon....
Note: Don't pull my hair, don't slap my ass, we'll get along just fine. Either of those may result in a fist to the balls. Fair warning. 
Graduate, paper chase, we'll get out of this place. Don't turn around, hit the highway, pour some liquor out for this town 
@mlhakim Hey. Do give JiaYueh my regards. She elaborated on your 'questions' very well - she should write more for your blog 
@RodneyRamsey Lovely!  Don't mind the alarm when it goes off!  
@tutanreyes Yea yea but that's what made it so bittersweet  lol. Don't hate on my team!!
@Mennard Yikes. Don't think about it. We will all still be here when you are back 
@t0nym0rtimer Haha! Mid life crisis? Is that why you tweet?! Don't ruin my visions - you'll always be dressed in a fluffy coat to me 
@ddlovato Demi.. Don't say that! you are soo worthy of your fans support! we love you like crazy! 
@blue_raven lol!! Wellwood said the same thing about that book. Don't you just love the guy? 
@andreeaburciu Cibernetica, ASER, prieteni, proiecte, greutati, reusite... And we start again from Do 
@fizzy hey fizzy. Sure did! It's on its way. Don't think we've met; have we? Drop me an email and say hello, love meeting readers 
Leeeeeavin on a Jet plane. Don't know when I'll be back again 
@Dan0608 Wow, 3 songs. That's a lot! Do you know what kind of songs they're gonna sing? Do they have themes? 
@stephenfry is it made of plasticine? Do let us know if you spot the errant gnome that RHS has tried to kick-out.... 
Oh my lord globe is down. Don't SMS or call me unless I tweet the okay. 
@FloridaJ850 Absolutely.  I follow everybody who follows me.  I have an open door policy.  Don't be shy, tweeps!  
@dasgrafik my website of course! Ooh shiny! Do i get to play with it? 
An oldie but a goodie:  http://rathergood.com/lolcats  BTW-- @chrishumphries Do you like the moon?  What about zeppelins?  
Half day at work - picking up my Whites and heading to NY. Do I have everything? @NYCNavygirl should help me if I forget my belt   #NYCFW
Do you sit, stand or walk with your back straight? Feeling of not enough air going in my lungs just reminded me that I did not... 
Do You Eat Balut?  http://tinyurl.com/ohazy2
Don't forget to follow Matt G on twitter my fellow followers from the Zoo!! I just added the real thang if you need his linkage. 
@Lexylovesyoutoo Lex, you know I love you. I was cranky and tired tonight. Don't be sad, I will see you soon!  oh ps. CAMPING in 3 days
@Sarr3o7 Don't forget, hand in hand tomorrow!  With bazzy too. yes, I shall try to be bravee.. so you too! LOVES
@eXxy Do not criticize RE5.  It seems to be @SnavenShake 's favorite game ever.  When I criticized it he was not happy.  
@Dan2Shambles Don't think that'll take off... oh well. The 3 tap method worked for me yesterday tho. was impressed 
@amara_m Do you have someone who can jump in if they fail to post? Because I could think of a theme in 3 hours if needed 
Grammar 101: &quot;your&quot;=possessions. ie. Your car. &quot;You're&quot;=you are. ie. You're pretty. Now learn and distinguish! Don't enflame my pet peeve 
@IlanBr  Alright, so the answer is: art is by nature public,so the need to show it is natural.Don't bother about maybe being egotistic 
@cottageguru Aren't you glad you asked? lol. Moral of the story...go for your dreams! Don't settle for &quot;ok&quot;. Be fulfilled 
@Deany86 Don't worry. You still have me!  xxx
@scott_goldblatt Hey man. Do I know you?  what does rt mean?
@benjaminlove Have you seen the season finale yet? It was awesome!! Don't worry, I won't give any spoilers. 
http://tr.im/m52w &lt;-- Do it for the Lulz! 
The first rule of scam is &quot;Do not talk about scamming,&quot;. The second rule of scam is &quot;Ask the client first&quot;. 
@anthonypainter thx so much for the autographed book. Do you think Barack would sign it too? 
@darraghdoyle Mischievous pixies? Can you get exterminators for those? I'm good. Having some (more) brekkie before I get to my To Do list 
@TheRealNobody  You know other peeps from Sydney!~ Do they know your a plumber?   hehe
@skiller Yes, getting accustomed to it. Don't sleep much though  She does  - http://bit.ly/2r31U Are you ready for your new born?
Do you write an online serialized novel? Have one to recommend? DM me for a quick interview 
AMSOIL. New racing marketing partner. Posted a new blog about it  Do you race or do you wanna? :-D I'll race you!
Don't be afraid to play supernatural cards more often, you sure will be rewarded. Zing, 
@bobbyllew  #carpool Don't try cutting it, just have a special Fry-length edition 
Do you get a discount when you buy all of Rogue Amoeba's products at once? 
@mtc06 Can you tell that I'm sick of Java?  Don't even get me started on the lack of chaining, operator overloading and closures.
@jordanknight Tease....now we're all gonna be staying up all night waiting! Don't forget your evening is the middle of the night here! 
@Strabismus Do you ever sleep? 
@TANGLEWOODUK Do you think Ashton would get upset if I had more followers?  Here's something that'll help you: http://tr.im/mtcq
@Jeff_isChill Tebow does his part. Do I need to remind you? 
@julianahatfield Hullo there! Do you know what time you're going on tomorrow night? I don't want to miss your set. 
@jewnet I think we can complain sometimes. G-d is like a father, so... Don't we sometimes complain to Aba? 
@krishnannair Hey ...thanks. Do drop by www.iprodigy.net to figure out what our mission is all about and how it transcends training 
@officialcharice hi! How r u doing? Do u have any great pics frm italy? U should post 'em on Twitpic so we can see. 
@danecook Consider that gem mine now.  Don't sue. 
@KrikenKing @konkonkon Do not be alarmed, am not a randomer. I'm Pokemario from ONM, just though I'd let you know 
Ex girlfriend. Ladies ever had a man you knew would be your ex? Don't lie 
Also - Following the acoustic set will be a brilliant jam with qutie a few musicians on stage at the Rockathon! - Don't miss it 
Chris just gagged whole cleaning up the last lil bit of vomit. Don't feel TOO bad for him though... I cleaned up 90% of it!  ha!
http://twitpic.com/63xnd - You'd be happy to know that I bought those... with 2 other pairs.  HEY. Don't judge! It's been months sinc ...
@vianr bahahah sounds like Youre an old man. Do you really laugh like that? Lol 
Don't forget your sunscreen, bring a hat, and canned food -- we're not telling you again! PLEASE RETWEET 
@EmilyFPowell Hey have fun manana. I'll be slaving away at work! Don't worry about me... 
@lancearmstrong So how the hell does he speak with people at Rabo?  Don't think these guys are that fluent in russian either!  Greetz!
@Rina_spn me neither. Haha. Don't tell! 
@richkatmtl Ooh... good practice for getting the heart going though eh ?    Don't forget - it always happens when you least expect it!
Don't forget your sunscreen, bring a hat, and canned food -- we're not telling you again! PLEASE RETWEET  (via @MITM4EFresno)
up early, will be outside piling wood most of the day. Don't really want to but won't let my Mum do it. It's a beautiful day 
9 of 10 bonus tracks accumulated. Only missing &quot;Don't Turn Around&quot; 
Don't forget it's chat night tonight Twilight Mums 
@SecretsHQ Don't BBQ the abalone. 
@louisedoherty Sounds like a great start to the day! Don't drink too much coffee though. Having said that, I might grab a frapuccino 
@ooolainey Whee! I'll call you! Don't sleep early, okay? 
Do you guys know some bee-atch who thinks she's all that? `Cause I do and she's just a real pain in the ass. So don't mind her. 
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail  TGIF!!!
