Most common words for this cluster:
[('dog', 876), ('puppy', 254), ('dogs', 189), ('vet', 61), ('com', 41), ('pet', 40), ('http', 38), ('puppies', 36), ('cats', 31), ('walk', 29), ('cat', 27), ('today', 25)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'dog', 0.9656898379325867), (u'puppy', 0.877482533454895), (u'dogs', 0.8689815998077393), (u'pup', 0.7922470569610596), (u'pooch', 0.7875564098358154), (u'cat', 0.786281168460846), (u'pit_bull', 0.7653173208236694), (u'golden_retriever', 0.7626584768295288), (u'puppies', 0.7573407292366028), (u'chihuahua', 0.7476080060005188)]





@stephenkruiser So sorry to hear about your dog. 
@stephenkruiser I'm so sorry to hear about your dog   wishing you happier days to come!
@kalichosich awww poor puppy is she ok? 
@stephenkruiser I'm so sorry to hear about your dog 
my dog can't move anymore. praying that he will be okay 
@stephenkruiser sorry to hear about your dog. 
i really want a puppy 
off to pick up the dog, doctor's note, and back to work 
feeling stressed about my little dog who looks like he has spinal injuries 
@lickmycupcakes Oh poor puppy  whats wrong with him
got my dog at the vet for heart surgery.  
How hard is it to possibly have to give up a pet or two if you have to move? 
@lickmycupcakes  So sad when animals are unhappy, my dog has mastered the reproachful-youre-breaking-my-heart puppy look.
@ElleryTheJones  chocolate is bad for dogs 
@leewaters I can't have a dog in my apartment, can't really afford to move (or want to), and my lifestyle isn't conducive to having one. 
Taking my dog to the vet soon  I hope everythings okay with her 
our grass is so high that I let the dog out and he comes back soaked all over! poor thing 
@stephenkruiser So sorry about your dog. 
has a teacher who doesn't care about the puppy's being euthanized. 
i don't think my dog likes #dubstep either  #howling
wow one of our kittens was killed by a dog tonight, all my little siblings cried   
I'm pretty bummed about the puppy going back.  Why must my dog be such a jerk?
I had my dog done last year when she had her puppies. So why is she on heat 
no dog though 
just got back from visiting with a foster dog.  we have so many pugs looking for homes!!   www.gmpr.org take a look!!
checking my dogs anal galds  they are full
Hates how I have allergy from dogs  but I'm a dog person
@ohmichaelandrew puppy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! finn loves puppies 
@whatswhat_sian No i dont think so  his very agressive to other male dogs !
My dog is not doing so good...  get better soon! x x
@CursedJezzy my dog ate the cat 
@UrbanKidd  my dog is a chihuahua
I want a puppy. ps, I got sunburnt all down my arm 
My dog is sick 
@nick_carter I miss my dog very much. 
@mikeyway i used to have a basset hound. she was the best dog ever. 
@csunowen no i didnt get a dog  thats my dog that lives at my parents house biggest bum in the world
Walking the dogs. 
i misss freaking sparky! my doggie that isn't my doggie at all. 
Should know better than to watch a movie about a dog's life.  Obviously the dog dies in the end 
just had a lovely walk with my dog. now, to work 
I haz hangover. I'm off the walk the dogs, see if I can clear my muggy bonce 
I stepped in dog crap when I went for my walk! 
awwww I want the puppy back 
we didnt get a new doggie... we called and he had already been adopted.      so i will keep looking for perfect poodle 2 add 2 our family
@moose73 all heart is good though! I sooo want a dog, I've never had one 
my dog ran away  been up since 5 30 looking for him....
@sheldongoh unfortunately no. The dog is offcially lost. 
i want a little pet so bad 
Just woke up and my brother was trying to choke my dog! :| 
@rambn awwww i want a puppy 
Watching legally blonde 2 .. Aw I want my own chihuahua. 
melting snow + dogs = muddy dogs and muddy couch and muddy floors and irritated mom  
my dog disappear, i'm so sad 
Now the dog I'm following left 
And the dog is snoring. I wish I was snoring right now. 
@fenrisfox I want to hug the puppy too but there is no puppy to hug any more 
wishing franklin the sausage dog didnt have to leave 
is as sick as a dog 
my doggie's not eating  this has never happened in the history of this dog's life...
@mochomito No, Smushy's a puppy. This is my older dog. She's 15 and they found two tumors yesterday. I've had her since I was 5. 
@dannysullivan wow. looks just like  the one my daughter had (when she was 6) that my Rottweiler ate.  
sold one of our puppies 
Some1's puppy wants to go out. I want a puppy, but I have to wait 7 months  boo to the animal shelter for selling me a pup with parvo
Kicking back...feeling good...missing my puppy dogs   but they are going to be so excited to see me when I get home...couple weeks 2 go!
the puppies are crying and trying to trick me into setting them free!!! 
frankie(my dog) just passed away this morning! i &lt;3 u baby koy 
I want a bulldog puppy sooooo bad! 
@RowdyFan51   how do you tell if a dog is pale? in the ears?
Just cleaned up endless mounds of dog vomit... 
GRRRRRRR! The puppy started whining again, and won't shut up. I'm never going to sleep again... 
its raining and the dog is knocking 
@ChloeFlashDance The dog is so creepy! http://xpb.me/x/0132.jpg  He's trying to eat her.
just had to rush our dog to the vet as he was fitting 
@vmarinelli ... but we don't even have a puppy 
@acidicice It wasn't the most pleasant walk, I must tell you.  You should have seen the dogs  There were 5 caged
walked the dog now off to work 
@petwebdesigner My neighborhood has already started with fireworks!?Why? no idea. Dog is starting to go into the terrified hiding mode. 
@cimness Awww, puppy! 
@CAPeterson13 aww onyx  what kind of dog do you guys want to get?
@etanowitz I want that dog! But I don't think @bananakin would be happy to have another animal 
My doggy got put to sleep 
I spent 30mins waiting on a whistle dog combo and it wasn't that good 
@StinkyCat07 aww, that's nice. I wish my humans would get a cat, or a dog [so that I can go for rides on it]. but they have allergies! 
I think we might have lost my dog.... 
seven dogs+one bathtub=  me
Wishing we had a few acres so we could adopt more dogs 
my dog ate my hat - not funny 
I want my dog to feel better.  
@minnymichelle omgod that dog! lol I miss my little red plastic gun - sighhh I think old school nintendos are expensive now. 
where is my dog miggy?!    waahhh!!!
Home. Bed. No girls  just the dog.
we had to put down our puppy today  hes in doggy heaven now
The dog on tv nearly died 
going back to bed.. distraught........ what to do about getting sleep.. Dog won't sleep at night anymore..  
Two stray dogs ate my 4 chickens last night.  terrible
puppy threw up 
My dog has killed five baby rabbits today....makes me haz a sad 
@phoenixlike This guy I liked said my pearl one looked like a dog collar. I stopped wearing them after that 
my puppy is teething 
I love my dog..  He's getting so old and I hardly get to see him anymore.  http://twitpic.com/4ixbr
Just finished straightening my hair   I'm way tired now.   And dog food is expensive :'(
is mourning the loss of my dog  R.I.P. charlie &lt;/3 i really miss you!
the dog doesn't even whine when I leave. I really am that unloved these days 
Awww one of our puppies is dieing 
Morning all, just up so nice lie in for me, it's been raining  so where oh where to walk dogs.
I want a golden retriever puppy!! soooo cute!! damn i really want one... 
@genitorturers sorry to hear your dog died. That is always devasting 
@tannwick  I always wanted a meercat as a pet too 
@violetbakes I would love to bring him over for a swim with your dogs but, unfortunately Have no transport 
dit not buy the dog... 
Just woke up wich is late for me, crazy dog wouldn't let me sleep 
my dog ran away!  im so sad and lonely!
Rough housin with my dog.. she made my hand bleed.  still my best pup tho!
*sigh* one mother down...one more to go..and my dog has two tumors 
Attacted today by and other dog and killed :,( and it was just a puppy omg I'm so sad about that and my prayers r with them!!!! 
my dog just died 
http://twitpic.com/4wenx - I miss my puppy 
fell asleep after work on my friend's dog, comfortable pillow but now i smell like a wet dog 
@ddlovato http://twitpic.com/4vtlm - I wish I had a dog! She's so adorable 
Dogs got out and i cant find them. 
 I think imma have 2 take my dog 2 the vet.... 
My poodle has gone missing.  Where are ya?
Thoughts of 'lovely sunny day' have been interrupted by the explosion of dog crap all over the courtyard. I have an unwell dog me thinks 
just learned that 3 american bulldogs killed a border collie in the park last week. all 3 have been put to sleep. tragedy. owner's fault 
back from walking the dog-upset as all the sun has gone 
I woke the dogs up laughing so hard. 
i want a pet doggy 
@bashed your new pic is scaring my dog 
it's only eight o'clock, my dog always wakes me up early when i want to sleep in. 
My dog is sick. 
I really shouldnt watch animal cops, makes me want to go and rescue all the dogs 
I ran over my neighbor's dog today.   I can't even express how awful I feel.  They had to put her down.   I thiink I might have to move 
@Jayboo07 really? If you can't find one at a pet shop try some online sites maybe / I'm sry bout your puppy 
@mileycyrus i wish i had my dog 
I spilt spot remover on my dog...... now he's gone 
@redchinese19 pwease take the blame  ::puppy dog eyes::
is sick as a dog 
really has a reason to be sad now... a $1400 + vet bill and her dog has to stay at the emergency vet. 
My dog is dying 
@kspidel is that ur puppy? I don't think I want to know why it's his last night with u.  I have three and the hugest heart for all pups.
@simranthadani ahhh it's talking about the dog now  the skin problems !
The stray dog in the park has gone. Some idiots phoned and complained about him so he was picked up. I know what they do to them after 
The dog is starring me down! sic! she won again  see: http://www.dogspot.de/hund/leni23
Puppy is sick 
I want a puppy!!! 
@liosilva.... was midge the little chihuhua type dog? 
should i go 4 a run or walk the dog? cant do both, she cant keep up 
is  our last puppy died at the vet's clinic http://plurk.com/p/ts1fr
@camanda what's wrong with your pup??  
I've just heard that a much loved pet has died. I'm devastated 
feels like dog poop  what's a girl to do?
@BigRedinTejas but I like dogs 
Apparently I pissed off my dog. He peed on my bed 
I'm torturing myself by looking at dogs I can't adopt  I want a puppy!
My beagle puppy ate pebbles at the beach and is now having the runs in my friends house. Grrrreeeaaat. 
@treehugger25 That's fine she can watch ;) I miss my dog 
@bethdean that's terrible! What kind of dog was it? I hope your puppy feels better 
stepped in dog poop, how unfortunate 
And the owners couldn't find proof of the dog having its rabies vaccination from the state they had moved from 
 ah I can't stop crying I hate seein my dog having attacks
@TheRealDRiVaH my doggy not doin good... 
I was planning to go out to take photos this am. But it's raining cats and dogs 
Haaay I've finally found an ambulance to pick up the dog. I hope its not too late 
@apple_dog I hate them!  I run and run and run, barking into the sky, but I've never caught one yet 
@girled, puppies! I want one too 
I want a paw friendly keyboard for dogs sake  I can't be the only dog that has trouble
@CorrinRenee awww! my dog woke me up at 6:30 this morning and i havent been able to get back to sleep  He's a mini dachshund too!
Missing my puppies and wanting to go home. 
My dog has canine epilepsy 
Picking up dog poop in the backyard 
@CarenOshen I'm sorry. I've been a bad dog 
I've only been here for like an hour and a dog already tried to eat another dog 
aww. my dog just had a seizure 
I wish my dog &amp; cat would get along. It's becoming difficult to run interference between them. 
My dog just jumped on me and she was outside and its raining so she's wetttt 
I just want a puppy.. 
my dogs are freaking out 
Is there an indoor dog park in atlanta? 
my puppy is so sick.  What do I do?
@Cuddlebum  my doggy passed away
@WhoIsMaegan ewww. how could you do that?! poor dog 
is really itchy. If I'm allergic to my dog I'm going to be really sad. 
@tophatdog She was the only dog i actually experienced passing away.Since then ive been paranoid with my husky &amp; over protective of him 
@purplewolf aw that's awful  the poor puppies 
Heading out with the dogs. Looks cold ouside 
@poetic_violence dog only know how to put it out 
Raining cats and dogs 
tallulah is my new kitten. she curious feisty and cute. loui dog is jealous and scared at the same time 
Its pourin....miss my dog 
My dog is not doing to good 
another fight with mum, gahh ! my sister is a filthy hound dog i swear!     im hungry 
I miss my puppy 
15 MINUTES . damnt! dad is walking with the dog. he must to come back now 
@alexalimtong what happened to your puppy? 
My puppy went to surgery and i almost cried 
F#c%, the dogs lost by two points 
i miss my puppy. 
I am sick as a dog.  
Dog catcher court this morning.  I won't miss the neighbor. (Explitives deleted)
@Zaferroni not sure what happened to the dog. He was running down the freeway. I hope he didn't get hit by a car. So sad  I luv animals
They just had to put my dog down 
i miss izzy. she's at the vet. 
the drug dog came 2 my class right now oh man not again 
@WorkingStiff1 I'd keep them in a second - but my big dogs don't like cats 
I need a puppy sitter for this weekend.  
Just played with Puppy*nix for awhile... it's just too stripped down for me.  I don't like seamonkey either
ppl r so cruel I watched some guy speed up &amp; hit a dog &amp; then laugh about it I made a u turn and check on him he's gone  poor doggy
My dog chewed up my headphones. 
@fyuen that dog is so cute. if you ever find one that happens to have a little brother or sister up for adoption please airmail it to me! 
my dog disappeared 
Dog is a pain in the ass this morning 
I miss my puppy 
@pitbull_fan76  I know!!  I wrote a letter &amp; complained to the AKC. 
@whitenebula it takes my dog only about 9 days, and she is just one dog 
I miss my puppy 
my dog ran awayyy 
and I'm so naughty I cant even take my dog, I have to sit &amp; watch how proper dog owners do it, will Brunos life ever be the same? 
dog just farted  so bad.....
i want a dog...  
@Aubs my thoughts exactly re: leaving my 3 dogs. They al hate when they see the luggage come out 
Just got up thinkin about how weird it is w/out our dog 
I always feel like I'm betraying her trust in me when I drop the pup off at the groomer. 
http://twitpic.com/66sls - @megelin and I just saw this monster dog in the park 
My dog is suffering from abandonment issues. She thinks I'm moving without her. 
I wish I had a dog 
Is trying to buy a new bible...but they just aren't the same...why did my dogs have to chew it up? 
@niftybitch time to leave a passive agressive note to the owners.  It's not the dog's fault... it's their shitty owners 
the dog dug a hole in the backyard well iwas sleeping, now im grounded 
really wants a puppy... 
Just helped save a runaway dog. he didn't want to be my friend, though. 
Cats: unimpressed by thunderstorm. Dog: wishes @dataangel would come home 
My dog is officially depressed that my brother's dogs are gone. He doesn't want to go outside and when we did, he play half-heartedly. 
looking for my dog, she escaped 
puppy I wanted was adopted yesterday  I guess my dogs don't get a little brother anytime soon. but at least he isn't in a shelter now
At the vet with a sick dog  http://twitpic.com/67clz
@taurenlegend it's kind of hard to see a pic of a doggie if the pic doesn't exist 
@damohopo no not proper, my dog barks too much &amp; jumps up &amp; its all my fault for not being strict enough 
my dog poppy is poorly  i hate seeing my pets ill, so sad!
@Kevinchinart But I really want a Sporebat pet. 
we're getting another puppy  ... not cool... really
we're getting another puppy  ... not cool... really
@sand67 so sad...sorry to hear that.  She was a sweet dog.  
My dog is sick. I love that little doggie. He's usually so keen and happy, but he doesn't even want to go for a run in the forest today. 
you know ur dog is getting old when she sits down to eat...poor hilly please don't grow up 
I love my puppy 
@funtimeshelly sorry to hear about your dog 
@Jessimikuh go and see my puppy! I don't want to be there alone 
@AnalystAlterEgo i have bad news... i have to go take the dog for a walk--they're upset w/me! 
I jus dropped my dog  and im tall.
@chaselongbeach at least she doesnt try to violently hump you like my (female) dog does 
i miss my puppies... 
I miss my puppy  I wish I could take her everywhere with me.
I miss my dog  ...yes i miss you too liz
@skubastevee You serious about the dogs?  That is sooooo messed up...sorry man 
My puppy Is having an allergic reaction 
Having a beer at rfd. I do not recommend the flying dog snake dog ipa 
Is feeling sick as a dog 
@CDNBOFH awwww you left those poor little puppies alone  lol
My cat chester died!  stupid dogs R.I.P my sweetie TaKe ChAnCeS?!?
my dog just had a fit 
@joshuabaer sorry to hear that.   She was a great dog.
hotel for dogs : great movie, cried so much. wish i could save all the puppies of the world 
my puppy pees all over the place and i don't know how to get her to stop 
My dog is missing ... 
#myweakness my dog's puppy face  lol lil beezy runs amok in my house
@funtimeshelly I'm so sorry to hear about your dog. 
missing the puppies 
@sjwoodr I've had dogs before... that's never fun! 
just finished watching 'shotgun stories' its pretty good but i hate that the dog dies 
my big dog attacked my other puppy  idk what happened.
I miss my Puppy, will be 4 months next week R.I.P Puppy. 
I want a dog 
@Pennyfoamposite  Lets just get two then since i want my doberman
@MySweetMelody  I'm sorry about your dog. 
I wish my doggie would come sleep in my bed with me! 
i think my poor dog has to go to the vet 
What i would give to hold my dog again. 
@Shaeness you and your dog are in my thoughts... i just dealt with a sick puppy a few weeks ago myself and it is stressful  good luck &lt;3
@mileycyrus hey kido if it makes you feel better my Dog was just hit by a truck and is now dead so im in rough shape too 
I still have no dog or maid.  
Raining cats n dogs. 
I want my dog back  or at the very least to know whats happened to him 
So, the truck was smaller than what was reserved... two trips were made necessary.  I'm still here for a little longer, and sick as a dog 
My dog on the sims ran away from home 
Already up at 8.30, first had an appointment for a watching a new home, now at the vet with our little doggy .. So crowded 
Just woke up with the puppy  so tired still (n)
up. dog walked. sun is shining. need to clean kitchen 
has just got back from taking the dogs for a walk. not very happy!!! they ran straight into the lake then jump on me!!!! 
@satinephoenix Did you just have a blast from the past? I forgot about your lost dog. 
is still rough from lastnight, can't even face a hair of the dog (god it was a big dog) 
just had to have our dog put to sleep 
I think my dog needs a shrink.  
my dog has cancer 
Aww puppies! 
Wishing I had a puppy  all these cute doggies @ strut your mut!
i just stepped in dog crap and now my foot smells like a dog butt 
giving my dog a bath. ugh, this is going to be a horrible weekend..i can tell already. 
no dog anywhere 
there's a huge dog that keeps staring and barking at me 
@wickerpet ahhhhh you are right! i dont even know my own dog!!!! 
But first... must buy dog food. 
I'm the worst person ever. Totally forgot to take off my dogs electric collar before his walk 
@HeyBri11any i agree. only i want a corn dog now 
didnt get to go for that run with the dog   does a walk into leigh count? =/
Our dog has just emptied bin bag of guinea pig 's hutch sweepings all over patio   I may establish a dog-free zone at this rate #dog #fail
 we can't get the dog. i'm seriously sad, now.
@roudy4561 aww! i love to play with dogs! thats so sweet i wish i had a dog 
I miss the chihuahua 
I miss my puppy... 
all i want for my birthday is fir my dog to be better....  
i want a puppy 
@knowyouronion he's still pretty zoned.  he is an old dog. 14.
My dog is dead 
Just saw the cutest fluffy puppy in the arms of the scariest black man 
@oreogasm i know! it makes me wanna take a pole and whack some guy in the face. haha maybe that pet owner that burned her dog... 
@Irize I can't watching da puppy still 
realized that when laptop was stolen I lost mp3s of my pet psychic sessions for dead dog. 
Why won't my dog quit nipping at us??? 
@oreogasm I KNOW! no i was watching animal cops and some lady threw hot grease on her dog!!! 
I might watch hotel for dogs tonight...LOL don't make fun of me  hahh.
so my neighbours pugs were running down the street and i rescued the puppy and it was SO cute omg i just wanted to steal it 
@taylorswift13 awww!!! That's so cute! I wish I did that for my dog but I don't have the cash 
@Wompy it caused many fights and ultimately it came down to us or the dog. 
My moms boyfriend said my dog is starting to get a tumor...  
great. all the attention on the stupid dog. how not fair!! 
2:45 am, heard a cat being attacked by dogs, went out, saved it from them, paralyzed  legs, gave love, water, &amp; aspirin, it died later 
Getting a cat with cindy. I'm tempted to get a puppy but i can't 
@lyth no  just fixing my dog *sigh* i love my wiener and have to spend ll the money on her... if i get any...
My dog is dying 
is very sad because his dog has acute gastritis      
@zoesalbahe I'm so sorry. What kind of dog is it? 
trying to be happy..after I put my dog down....    
@_chantals_ i would but im sick as a dog 
i am sick as a dog... 
went to the vet again for more antibiotic shots..we saw a german shep being operated on  ,bitten by another dog.get well shep!
I think my puppy has allergies 
i wuz playin w/the cutest dog ever..until she got picked up 
my dog just got a hair cut and now looks like a rat 
I want another dog... really uberly bad 
i want my pup 
It's raining. I can't walk my dog. 
just got back from taking dog to kennels 
Just dropped of my doggy @ the pet hotel; he is excited am sad 
says I want my own dog...but I live in an apartment, not a good environment for a dog, right?  http://plurk.com/p/xduko
my dog doesnt love me... 
@thefriggintribe No more free ranging here.  We have a dog.  
Wow, it's really hot, no breeze though o.O my dog's gone blind 
is sick as a dog on his birthday  not good
I want to sleep in, but the dog won't let me. 
bought two puppies, starting to regret one of them 
@gfalcone601 awn, presley is so cute! my pug died 
my puppy hurt his foot! have to take him to the vet tomoro  hope he is ok
My dog is walking on three legs and i dont have the slightest idea why. 
Attention all dog owners do not let your dog eat a whole packet of nicorette chewing gum,nicotine=bad,xylitol=bad I hope we can save her 
Ugh! I'm sick as a dog... 
My dog died  very sad day
it's raining cats and dogs! I hate the rain! 
I think my dog knows he has a vet appt today. He's in my bed under the covers and won't come out. 
@sugaredheart aww what kind of puppy? i want a puppy 
someone just left 2 german shepard/rottweiler puppies on my porch!  who would dump puppies?!
About to go finish mowing and cleaning the dog cage 
I just saw a dead dog on the side of the road 
One of my dogs puppies died  rip little one.
@dmbdork No   When we got there I noticed the puppy already had jaw problems and one paw screwed... understood why it was free and passed
My dog has a limp! 
Self  force yourself  to walk your  dog, he looks so depressed 
I just realized the reason my dog is a compulsive licker, she has low self esteem.       ( LOL!)
Has watch tan lines, and a retarded dog. life pretty lovely if i'm honest. It's to warm to sleep!! 
My dog is eating a tree 
my dog has cut one of his pads on his paw, so can't take him out for walks for awhile now 
Geezzzzzz sorry. I swore I thought you said u didn't like corn dogs. 
Lmaooooo just tried to wake my dad up with the dog whistle app.  It didn't work 
So annoyed because someone gave my last pieces of good cheese to the dog! 
the dog named ginger is actually named sheena and the owner came to pick her up 
making flyers for a stray dog we found tonight. he's sooo cute. it makes me so sad.   
My dog just threw up  aw pooor baby
My phone gotten eaten by a dog. 
my brother is so MEAN to my dog! 
@ellenmoore08 I don't have anymore dogs... 
I want a puppy. 
@deatkin The dog one! It was so sad. I can't believe they actually ended it like that. 
My dog always goes psycho when it rains. I can't sleeeep!  
taught my dogs tricks! haha @juliaoneill i swear i should be a dog trainer or something. you missed out on starbucks this morning.... 
@nitsujustin get a tetanus shot! that dog could have rabies! 
i found my dog shaking and with her tail down. she seemed terrified  she's sleeping now but i still worry 
its storming and my puppy is scared 
i want a pet 
my puppy's been at the vet for 3 days now gahhhh.....   
just realized that my gigantic glasses are lost forever   missing them like a pet lover would his dog 
 don't look at dog shelters websites. go to one and rescue a dog. you'll thank me for it
is waiting for the vet to open as I have a sick dog...very sad. 
my little baby dog is sitting on me right now and i can feel the stitches 
@stoopidgerl i'm sorry to hear about your dog! 
I am so glad we only have one dog and one cat.  Not much sleep again last night 
so tired....dog sitting isn't as much fun as i thought it was going to be 
@darkAC I was up with the dog. 
ugh I am so sick  taking my dog to the vet w/ Maxxxx!
my puppy is being bad  damn you sparky!
I think the dog hates me - he wants his walk, I'm still working, he hates me 
i have never seen a homeless person until today. he had a dog and that made me sad  i wish i could of just taken the dog.
I need a puppy 
The dog is shedding and we have tumbleweed in our living room. @mbrislane only hoovered last night  the next dog we get will be non-shed.
my kitty is at that vet because a dog bit him and he has to get stitches 
why is this guy trying to hog tie my dog 
@daniels313 I can email you a picture. As badly as I want a dog, I don't want a family's puppy who maybe ran off! 
just got done building a casket for my puppy dog. . . 
just took pickies to the vet 
over hearing that my dogs were gonna be attacked by an owl....wtf!!!!  shit keeps happening to my dogs and its not cool 
I wanna see my puppy, and smell his stinky puppy breath 
My Dog just died!!!! 
I had to take my dog to the vet today.  She has an inner ear infection again.
Puppy got neutered today. 
@christina_savs awwww that's so mean! not the blind dog.    she is evil.
looks like my dog might be dying 
Crystals doggies died  im so sad 3 dogs   i loved them!
Is sorry to have gone to the purple dog 
Aw. I just stepped on my dog 
Pet peeve: junk email. Isn't there a &quot;do not email&quot; list or something -not that the do not call list stops solicitors from ringing me up 
My puppy will not pee. 
Getting really sad about leaving my puppy. 
i wish i had my own dog 
JUST when I was about to comment on how great the walk with the kiddoes &amp; the dogs was too! 
@bamachick10 that sucks..   One's a papillion one is a terrier/schnauzer mix, and the other is a terrier/chihuahua mix.
@julijules69 i think i'd appreciate her more then her dog would 
Laying down with my little puppy carlie who had surgery 
my dog has lyme disease 
Wow I just saw my dog sniff my trash. What's wrong with her?!?!! I gave her some of my spam sandwhich. She shouldn't be hungry.  aw angi.
This is totally random but I have been reading Yorkietalk.com for like 20 mins ... and I dont even have a dog. ... 
Dog sittin has been sooo fun!! makes me want anothr puppy but i still miss mine  r.i.p
Just locked myself out while going for the mail. Dog class just started for chris and koda  - http://bnup2.com/p/571696
this david has to go on bachelorette.  he is a dog, dirty, underhanded, short - tempered.  cute at first, but no! that personality.  
I think my dog has arthritis. 
I can't find my dog 
dogs + park = TICKS 
I think our neighbors are neglecting their cute dog! 
I think I'm going to have to put my dog down 
My dog has lyme disease. 
wants a chili dog. 
my dog has cancer. 
my dog is sad  and will be for the next 3 weeks... i'll leave you guys to figure that one out on your own. lol.
my dog is cranky  shes growling at me cause i bothered her when she was sleeping. dummy
Sitting here sick as a dog,  oh well, what can you do?
@ASBFOREVER this dog i used to have n we had to give him away but he was my best friend 
@smosh urgghh, i knew burrito would win  if corn dog doesn't win the next one, i'ma cry
I want a doggy 
My dog just had an operation, she was pregnant but none of her kids survived  I want to see her.
@prinsezha aw... sorry about your dog... 
I can't even get my puppy to sleep with me 
You can hear how comfy my dog is on my bed .. lol snoring away. I wish I could snuggle with boyfriend too  missyou bb.
Just gone past battersea dogs home &amp;  seen 2 graves ready 2 be filled  poor doggies
More neighbours getting dogs. 
So many stay dogs and cats at me bus stop...its so sad  they need a home.
Is ill! And my dog has started kicking his coat again 
just saw a dying dog  but i'm too scared to come closer
scared for cammi because she will be lonely without another dog and that wont be good for her health 
@jaydems awww, i remember when my dog got desexed i was too scared to touch her 
woke up early to take my dog running...now dentist appt 
1st dog ever that hates me!  damn u oreo!
@hollymadison123 You gave up your dogs?  
says it's raining cats and dogs.  http://plurk.com/p/xymi8
What smells worse than puppy poo?? Puppy vomit... 
About to walk the dog and go to the library...fun?..i know 
Home now, my dog just caught a rabbit, she is so tired. Also, the bikes gear system just fell apart! Now I'm walking. 
@beckycase i'm sorry bout duchess  she was a sweet dog.
i just sat on my puppy bella 
I bought my dog the cutest, softest bed today with an adorable matching blanket and he refuses to sleep in it 
boooo hot dogs 
our dog had seizure today.    she's better now but it was scary.
@paulkomoda    What's your new pets name?
my cat needs to go to the vet. her pooper is sick 
@jussj3ss haha i can't imagine me working there. i get nervous w/ the simplest jobs. but really!  hmm. dog..walking? haha!
http://twitpic.com/6ij02 - I want a blue dog. 
@foxportions oh shit i say it tooo! I criedd. It remindedd me of my dog that died 
Just got done feeding the dogs, my sister took her pitbull  I miss him
sometimes that cat just swats me with her claws for no reason.  i'm the dog,  i'm supposed to be in charge.  stupid cat.  
@tmorello if my son wasn't allergic to dogs, I would adopt them.  
I bloody miss my dog 
My dog just ate my favorite pillow! 
@ninjaboi I wish I could. He's adorable but we're not allowed any more pets. 
@JekMacandili my dog 
one of my dogs went missing. 
never left my dog in the kennel before, but we have no one else that can take them ... I am dreading leaving them 
No dog to spoon with 
Taking jd to the vet   http://mypict.me/2rRb
Taking cat to the vet again! 
@babygirlparis Can you twitter your puppies? 
@darwii it is so good, I love that dog, why did it have to doe 
@darwii it is the best movie, why did the dog have to die 
been up since 4am with a very sick dog   waiting for the vet to open is the worst feeling ever  
The dog finally destroyed her last kennel mat.   I hope she likes hard plastic because she's shredded everything else 
I really miss the puppy 
my poor dad, his beloved dog died suddenly &amp; the new dog he adopted (a known &quot;runner&quot;) went out a screened window yesterday &amp; vanished 
Freidn now has 5 oven fresh puppies. were 6 but they lost one 
Dog's killin' me  It comes here and wants pettin' 'n scratchin' n' then it runs away. Only 2 come back in two minutes.
really wants a pug 
My puppy is sad. 
@Yorkie35 lol. poor you   my man lives 100 miles away so don't see him all the time either. crapola innit?
is wanting to go for a run but it looks like it's going to rain cats and dogs very soon! 
my dog is sick 
The one dog leash I fell in love with online? Of course it's a discontinued model, nowhere to be found anymore  damn
Me and my dog are sick 
@pmgreco so sad when we have to say goodbye. my dog will be 8 next month. 
@hwki84 I'm sorry to hear about your puppy 
Still no sign of the dog. I don't like dogs, but I'm worried for the poor guy. 
jason just tricked me into thinking we had a new puppy dog! i want one so thats not cool 
My puppy has heartworms 
I want a puppy 
it's borred  i will a pet  my sissy have tomorrow a cat...and i don't have a pet...i will a rabbit.. or a maltipo dog 
my dog has the sniffles  pooor baaaaabe
I want a puppy or another cat 
I have no idea how my poor puppy dog broke two fingers on his paw 
My puppy looked do sad. 
@actel so does wet dog on old street 
@Seahorsemystic It happens. I killed a dog once. 
stuck at sister's house for the weekend dog sitting dogs I am allergic to 
Just fed my gecko, need to take my dog for a walk and its midnite 
my dog is limping  not how i'd like to end my day
my puppy is so miserable 
found two black kittens in my backyard. dogs killed one. one is in my lap now. 
One of the puppies died. 
I want a puppy 
Missing my puppies. 
Zaddies out of dog food and i feel bad 
@yeatoeh raining cats and dogs  can't go golfing too
@chikorita90 just workin like a dog 
my dog is officially dead ... 
Has a nice new dishwasher!!!! And 2 sick dogs 
My blanket and dog will have to do for now.  it can only help so long.
My friend's dog got hit by a car yesterday. They put him down. I'm so sad. He was the cutest little yorkie I've every seen. 
@djsteen won't let me stop to play with the puppies at the pet store 
Watching hotel for dogs! It's so sad 
Wondering why hotel for dogs is so sad  and also if it is out....?
my dog at my moms died.  she was a great dog too. ftw
the bunny i saved from the dog....died last night 
is sooooo sad that my puppy has the kennel cough  
I tried to pick up my 105 pound dog and accidently fingered it's asshole 
My dog knows I am going out and is staring at me  in the hope am taking her as well...I'm not  sad doggy
This dog won't stop barking outside  I can't sleep!
@claysjules I'd love a lie in too, no chance of that with 3 dogs 
has just been bitten by a dog.. fair hurt! 
I wish for once we could sleep in late. We are always up around 7ish bc of my dog 
Taking dog to the vet to see what, if anything, can be done for him or if he will have to be put to sleep. 
Dropin the pup at doggie day care. 
@WilliePA sorry about the doggy  R.I.P.
http://twitpic.com/6qnu4 - It's raining cats and dogs 
@poppy_dog thankfully yes. I felt really bad.  
is nervous that my dumb dog may have actually eaten my sock   ... again!!!
is trying to find a rottweiler puppy but is having no luck 
@vInTaGeVioLeT don't be sad. You could be cutting down ivy today like what I am. Also, you have a dog. I can't have a dog  x
it's sat and I'm sick as a dog  it's been so long since I've gotten this sick and it sucks...
just bathed the dogs and now my house smells of wet dog  not good
badnews to me ...my puppy died ... 
Yesterday I saw an adorable puppy, but was afraid of me, and growls, That's sad 
my dog scratched my lip 
I cnt find my dog!! 
my puppy is getting a tranqualizer at 12:30 
My dog is sick  we're at the vet. I'm a wreck.
@slimthugga Its raining cats &amp; dogs down here 
Apparently my dog is ill 
My doggy was put to sleep 
and i was hurtin my self  because i wanted to go somewhere but couldnt  but then more dogs appeared out of no where
Listening to my dog cry... we don't know why he does it... its sad. 
@Timmy_Dog i hopes so, buts he isn't coming backs as he's moved away  sad.
So the puppy we wanted was gone when we went back 20 mins later 
@Prettystellar but I wanted to see a puppy...  
worried about my puppy. 
Missing dog + no collar = sad. 
@alexup81 tomorrow is dog park fun day! I won't make it to rock climbing  dog park = free.
I wish the dog would stop being poorly. It's worrying me 
tired family woke me up when they went to soccer, now sitting in bed with my dog and it is freazing cold 
Something is wrong with my dogs paw. 
going to feed the dog 
@curly00315 It's hard to lose pets. 
I wanna take my dog to the bonfire 
I think... my best friend is my dog :B and i miss my rabbit 
@macgreenmd sorry to hear about your dog. 
Just got an over price puppy 
Just walked the dog. Calfs in MegaPain 
Dog gone it, my spaghetti sauce has gone south. 
my dog just took a big pee on my bed  . im a bad owner
i miss my puppy milou   hes so cute
@mikewat  don't blame the dog, blame the people that didn't properly train the dog.
Wishing the neighbors dogs would develop laryngitis - barking 3 hours straight 
just finished washing the dog... now my sleeves are all wet 
will be visiting my dog at the pet clinic. hope he's well. I wanna play with him na 
i want a dog! 
Too much on my mind  might go for a drive w/ my dog, bedtime later.
so my bro has to put his dog to sleep. he's doing it at my dog's vet. guess who gets to give him all the info when my dog goes for shots 
My dogs are going crazy!!!!!  And I'm still sick 
i miss my puppy 
Just saw the most adorable stray dog, I wanna bring her home 
just watched hotel for dogs. i almost cried when they were leaving eachother  i loved it though...
My dogs dying right now 
I think my dogs poorly hes pacing and crying 
we adopted 4 dogs in the past 2 days! just got in 2 boxers and a basset that has never been inside...i can see her ribs 
Dogs and thunder don't mix. At least all is quiet now, poor pooch had no idea what was going on 
http://twitpic.com/6ted5 - lollll my dog he just got um groomed or w/e, he's sad 
than I will take my dog to the vet. He looks ill 
@litestar2284 no1 told u what happens 2 the dog. 
damn my dog for waking me up, ugh i hope i can fall back asleep 
misses having my own pet dog  yeah, year of the dog is playing on hbo.
my dog isnt well 
may my pet dog rest in peace... 
@mileycyrus could you tell me what to do? the dog of my uncle is dying and I LOVE that dog.. I grew up with him and I'm nearly crying.. 
I wake up right now ... I miss my dog ... 
I think my mom's dog suffers from doggy depression. 
new glasses!! packing.... I miss my dog 
After discussing the dog's options with the vet, we've decided to euthanize her. The alternative is too risky and expensive. 
@shloggy_doggy i dont see that you added me 
I want a chihuahua puppy 
i fed 2 month old puppy a bone the size of his esophagus. he just freakin swallowed it!im scared.will it do my dog harm?help 
dog watching is not fun; when you have to clean up after them 
still lonesome. I don't have the dogs. 
my dog eats everything i've ever loved or cared about. 
It's raining cats and dogs on the pride parade  The show must go on!
On our way back home. Dog threw up in the truck. 
I miss my puppy  http://mypict.me/2VpB
@DirtLawyer  I am so sorry to hear that about your cat - so hard to lose a pet 
i am dying to have a dog. 
My dog just peed on my leg in line at the microchip clinic. 
we drove around, searched the woods..didn't find the dog.  got that dog when she was just a baby. She's very sweet.
@BigfootKevin did you lose a pet? 
Thanks to my uncle, my dogs ran away for good, I can't find them anywhere 
@hdiowl You know you have a dog when you get to sleep into 7 
saw the cutest little dog earlier when we were riding around looking at houses..i wanted it so bad.but i cant it 
@valerie2776 http://twitpic.com/6unly - They're such gorgeous and lovely dogs. I want one! 
Feeling a bit restless tonight could do with taking the dog for a walk.  But I don't have a dog 
I want more hush puppies 
My dog won't leave me alone while I'm sick 
got peed on by her puppy 
i was home all alone cuz my brother had ball hockey   but I had fun with my dog and cats &lt;33
My puppy shouldn't have ate that!! 
woke up with my dog taking up my whole pillows, so i was sleeping on sum of my toys! oww they were uncomfortable 
just went for a walk with my dogs. didnt think that i would get attacked by 2 other dogs. 
Just sat on my dog 
washed my last dog for today dog sitter is a terrible lol 
My neighbor is giving away a very cute dog (about 1 year old beagle mix). Anyone interested? He's very sweet and needs a loving home 
@babytaco what kind of dog is he? i want a dog but i can't 
Sadly to say, im alergic to cats and dogs! 
gotta walk dog but its cold outside  boxer for sale must be colected in next 10 min lol
@jellayz oh no! i'm sorry  she was a good dog~
just got back from a hike, I feel so bad for my old dog   we walked like 2 miles and he was about to pass out, anyway how is everyone!
i miss my dog so much. 
My puppy got in trouble and now she doesn't want me 
@DirtyDali lol you gonna keep it juss a lil bit longer???    *puppy dog face*
I just want my puppy back 
@naehutch Yes I think dogs are the best for #depression ... wish i had a dog/could afford one. 
i really wanna snuggle with a big dog right now. 
So sad that I had to give my puppy to my aunt because I can't find any apartments that allow dogs  my ziah baby
@KayLaaaDee lol me too ! i heard the dog died 
aww. my puppy won't quit crying 
i miss my hotdog pillow.  and my dog. 
I wanto have a pet ..but my rommie does not want it... 
What do you get if you cross a stressed dog, a poorly pup and a balding cat? Three vet bills in ten days 
Ugh. It is bad when the dog wakes me up b4 the baby does 
@KylieLovesMcfly i just got back from the vet..lily is very sick..she isnt going to make it 
i thought i was going to have a dog this morning. found one that seemed to be abandoned. a very sweet pug. just had a bad owner. 
@Twistedlilkitty I knew a girl who worked in a pound. They had to freezer dogs in summer, an alarm would go off when they were defrosting 
Giving-( a pill to a dog is not easy... my knuckles are all scraped up. 
I would seriously like to thank my puppy for waking me up soooooo early 
my puppy is going to the vet today  poor sadie!
my puppy is hurting 
sick as a dog.  ugh
http://bit.ly/ZWkrz - Puppy rescued after being flushed down the toilet - or, another reason I really don't like children 
Taking my dog to the vet. 
wishing i was with my puppy now 
Trying to calm my dog down, they hate thunder 
@jumival I hope you find your puppy 
waiting for my pup to come home from the vet 
Cleaning up after the dog and kids. 
just came from the vet. they think my 14 wk old boxer puppy has parasites in her spine which is preventing her from walking the past day 
@RyanSeacrest saw man @ the vet's crying over putting down his 15 year old cat.  
sad day ,my dog died 
walking the dog then bedtime. strange to sleep alone 
my puppy hurt his paw...awwww 
My puppy doesn't like the vet 
My dog just had a seizure. 
@lalavazquez I love that puppy! I had to say goodbye to my american bulldog/boxer 3 months ago, he was my daughters best friend  great dog
i hate that i've had my dog since i was 4, and she's slowly getting older and fading fast. 
@cristinatarga you have troy???  he's sick???  poor puppy dog.
@carlychaikin lol that poor dog 
who wants a kitten? I've got a little black one at home and it kills me to give it back to the vet so he would be caged 
Neighbors 10 week old puppy wanted to fight my little sanchiepoo 
dog won't shut up 
I am wondering if my little dog will ever get tired of playing fetch 
trying to keep my dog from torturing a poor toad 
just realized my dog is getting older 
Never watching a film about a dog again 
Having 2 dogs follow me around reminds me how much I miss having 2 dogs in the house  #yeg
just saw photos of the dog who was dragged by an automobile and lived... I'm devastated. 
I want a puppy 
My dog is yellow 
Trying to take a pic of my dogs but they won't stay still! 
I want free hot dog on a stick ! 
a dog really is a man's best friend, a dog my family had , passed, pretty sad 
@iluvniccksbike haha we got fleas real bad so we had to give them away.  but now i want a dog. lol
so i was watching the news and a 4 year old accidentally flushed his dog down the toilet! it survived, but poor doggy. 
im pretty sure we lost our dog. 
just saw this really sad story about a really cute puppy getting flushed down the toilet  aww how sad,but all is well for him
it's looking quite scary outside and i can't find my dog 
Ugh sick as a dog 
worried about my puppy 
My dog just bit me  http://twitpic.com/7iwnj
what a horrible day. It started off badly. then i accidentally step on my dog's leg. And its whining so badly 
It's raining cats and dogs  Where is the summer?
:o...a puppy got flushed down a toliet ... by accident but still ... poor puppy 
Dog woke me up 
and now i'm sick from chasing a pup around. just what i needed. 
@DBallardReisch well it's all for the huge paws big dogs rescue.  Many of the rescue dogs have been abused or abandoned... 
@DBallardReisch I know!  it really is saddening!  These dogs are so loving and peaceful!  sad to see a mastiff hide in the bathroom... 
I miss my doggie  She was the best.
my big dog is so mean to my little one. he full on bit her when she had some bread and he didnt 
Just woke up  And got told to take dogs for a walk 
@createabadge not really - more dogs being dumped now 
@HoneyJune i wished i had dogs, but my moms alergic 
i like the puppy &amp;all but she woke me up twice this morn 
@ECdavies ~ that sucks about the dog 
most amazing run with my dogs. I love the beach- now to the dance studio..sadly cant bring dogs 
Dog still sick, boys still sick.  I haven't slept a full night in idk how long. I want a week-long nap fest.
Holy crap my dog just killed a deer... That sucked. 
@KristinLeigh83 Dog eats better than I do. 
my dog just died 
xena (dog) is sick again(still?). back to the vet on friday. she is not old enough to be falling apart 
My puppy is not feeling well.  he seemed to have food poisoning, but is better now. I'm so worried!
This is the dog we ARE NOT getting..  http://twitpic.com/7jruf
has a poorly pepper puppy 
My doggie got his toenails clipped and started to bleed... 
I want my dog back 
@rubenator Shes so cute!!! I want a dog now! 
@tillyandthewall I'm so sorry about your dog  I hope he comes back.
At the vet with my puppy :/ he's crying I feel so bad for him!!!! 
Our dog is dying..  kidney failure, just like our other sheltie before him 
Getting ready to take the little dog to the Vets for vaccinations. She is gonna be angry w/me 
I miss my dogs 
@dalatn it's okey.  I want to get another puppy but not soon.
Oh em gee....tell me why I just witness two dogs kill a small white dog...I tried to help but it was too late..how sad 
my dog... is very very sickk... she threw up worms! im hystericall..... 
Not a fan of getting owned by my dog 
Just took my puppy to the vet, she had to get two shots 
talking to my cousin her dog escaped, someone found it, &amp; he has a broken leg, 
my pug isn't feeling well 
I love thunderstorms, but hate when they scare my puppy 
My doggy is sad 
... my little dog died 
Doesn't feel well. All the puppies are leaving 
My dad has taken my dog to the vet, I don't think I will ever see her again 
My dog had another seizure. 
so my dog's gums are yellow which indicates liver failure or something. i hate that my brother hasnt been helping 
lying in bed sick as a dog... i want 2 go back 2 work 
@AdieJonas it was a Rottweiler 
someone's trying to give me a kitten, as much as I want one, my stupid dogs would eat it 
Me &amp; my dog got attacked by a seagull tonight. Not kidding. I guess they thought theyd make a nice little meal out of my 3 pound puppy.  
my dog seems to not be comfortable 
i really miss my puppy 
is feeling very bad for my dog right now 
my dog belle just got hit by a car  it broke its back leg, were taking it to a vet. i wish i could be there. it'll live i think
@sarahlp sorry about your dog 
sunny is still sick. going to a dog dermatologist. for real. 
anyone interested in a kitten???? she is too cute!!!! I hate to give her up, but I already have 2 dogs and 2 cats. 
@chrismferguson I dissect cats at school, but I do not kick dogs 
saw a really cute dog today made me miss my dog who lives in a different state with my parents 
I had to put my muzzle on the pup or else he barks until 4am. 
At the hospital ckos my brother got bit by a random dog 
@SunnyCrittenden hitting dogs is mean 
aw i dont want to sleep in my bed w.out harvey dog i mean i can sleep wherever i want on my bed now?? 
@aka55 my dog lady is the worst with that. plus sometimes she dreams and wakes herself up howling 
taking care of an extremely sick puppy 
i want a dog 
i wish i could keep my puppies forever but they will have to be sold soon 
The doggie just had a seizure 
@TomboyTigress ooooooooooooooooh that sucks  I had a dog that used to do that. It always made me cry. We finally put him down.
Is sad that his bff's dog had to be put to sleep. 
@KathKissell oh no! i know exactly how you feel. it's totally gutting losing a dog 
so much for my dream to have a bull mastiff pup; been told that dogs are bad for  new born babies  
My dog just ran away  
http://twitpic.com/7m0h5 - my dog misses my sister  sleeping in her bed on my bed haha. i love when she sleeps... it means she's not p ...
So I jus got my dog back from the spca and I missed him so much I wanted him to sleep with me but he wants to sleep under my bed instead 
The dog came home   He's soaking wet and reeking of chips - yuck 
is sick as a dog!! 
my dog is real smart. she just does the opposite to piss me off 
@nowherewarm Today the vet's coming over to put our dog to sleep... 
My cat and my dog have both died in my year away 
my pooch isn't feeling well. I wish I could make him better 
It's summer my ass! I'm freezing like a dog without furr 
Maybe today was a bad day to wear black slacks. Puppy hair all over them 
my dog is in so much pain 
@ShandyWarrior and Yorkie puds? alright for some 
why don't i have a puppy? 
I think my Dog is sick.. taking him to the Vet today 
a dog seems to be not in the cards for me 
I hate being under 18 and living with my parents! Apparently they think that I should return my cat and never have a pet again!   
I wish I could have a dog again!! :/ I miss having one!   A pic of my first dog: http://img515.imageshack.us/i/mydoggybj3.jpg/
@ian_watkins  not the dogs
I want one of those dogs!!!   http://twitpic.com/7moui
just found out my puppy needs surgery... 
doing my project on dog fights...cannot stop crying  I can't believe people r so cruel
I think my dog might have worms 
just got back from the dog park... so sad when your dog can't find anyone who wants to play 
Torrential downpour. And i have to walk the dog later 
my doggy died  
sitting here with the serious puppy dog face..... 
Today i sa another dog but this one doesn't have a funny tail 
@thriftgirl62  that's too sad, he was a really good loyal dog 
Another one of my dog. I miss him  http://twitpic.com/7ndjs
@GrahamColton very cute pup, makes me miss my doggie   http://www.twitpic.com/7nkjt
@StacyDAdkins yep. i haven't lost a pet since i was a kid and never one i was so super attached to. 
@StuartRitchie11 I know, my dogs actually so evil 
@chitownnessa i want a new puppy 
My mom just sold my dog 
@ItsChelseaStaub no, it isnt  dodger dogs are yummy. i need to go to a dodgers game stat. you up for it chels??
My dog is hurt.  It makes me want to cry.
My dog just had a seizure.. 
@thatbeegirl me too. took S &amp; dog for a walk.....tough ,but good except 4 when another dog tried to attack us...that was fun 
I want my puppy back 
I miss my dogs  
I broke my puppy 
I have to get rid of my dog 
workin' like a dog. 
I miss my puppy. 
i was this close to getting a puppy 
the puppy peed on my bed again 
@MarthaSugalski what poor puppy 
Going for a walk with my dog I think she is slightly sick though 
@taevonpalmer tae like who like the dogs out 
I bought my dog a nylabone, and she's literally eating it 
at the vet er with my dog 
worried about my puppy dog, he's a little under the weather 
Wish i had my puppy here to cuddle with...i miss that little hoodrat 
My dog is not doing good. 
It's raining and i have to walk my dog. 
Who said dogs are more intelligent than cats?! They ought to be shot and killed. I dreamt I got bitten/attacked by a dog last night 
need to walk the dog but its raining 
i want to have the AKOMISMO dog tag 
@AngelicVampira that is  i was so sad about it.. still am.. Padapuppy? XD isn't harder to care about Padapuppy then about puppy? XD
In a very bad mood right now because I stepped in poo while taking the dog out and wearing my new shoes.  #fb
@allysonivy my pup is so so sick 
I just stepped in dog crap. 
@DoggieCouture what happened to your puppy avatar...i miss him .. 
going to the vet....ziggy the dog had a bad night....no golf today  
i want to keep a pet. 
@jenniferfotop what kind of puppies are they? I need a puppy 
My puppy is very sick 
I want a new puppy, too!  
i have a very sick pup 
Puppy keeps eating my trainers  two pairs of vans and a pair of etnies ruined!!
@bjhenry Am I going to hit the chopping block???  *Puppy dog eyes*  
@koskim He is such a cute dog! What happened to him? 
woke up to my dog having seizures 
I could also use the puppy time.... no puppies here.  
Is sad about her dog.  He has a slipped disc. 
@AlexAllTimeLow http://twitpic.com/7q53u - awww he's so cute. makes me miss my dog 
damn,my dog just ran away and I cant find him 
Watching Cosito (dog) while he's having another seizure so he dosent fall or get hurt  poor boy.
My dog has mange I believe  anybody got any advice for this
haaaa watching icarly, i miss my dog. i always watch icarly with her 
I think my dog got stung by a bee! 
@JESS44903 I hate that she has her cats outside. :/  One cat about a year ago was mauled to death by 2 dogs...now this.  sad. 
this wedding will be the death of me. and we just dropped the dogs off at the kennel.  i miss them already!
he went to work, now the puppy and I are bored again 
Heading home to take the cat to the vet. It doesn't sound good. 
a three headed dog has totally ruined my day 
http://twitpic.com/7qspc - this is the puppy i want 
holding my puppy. he is shaking because of the storm 
@Sckit not now, you dope. I found the most adorableist [lol] dog ever on here and now I can't find it. 
almost bought the most beautiful puppy today... but was told that my roommates may or may not crucify me  she was going to be my Wallee...
I walked my dog for half an hour and now I have bug bites up and down by legs 
The dog is green 
My dog just passed away...  I am so sad...
worried about my dog she is such a trooper she has 10 staples in her foot 
My dog has heartworms.  
@gfalcone601 i had a cat that little, her name was Zukie, she died  a bad dog bitted her! can you believe it? it should be a sin
And lastly a little boy....sadly the stuck puppy didn't make it   
@torilittle I love that dog......  
My dog is limping. 
man. i wish we couldve got a puppy  *tear* lol. still love my kittens to death!
Just found out Kaden is leaving us tomorrow at 3pm...pray for him...we are going to miss K Dog. 
@katscratched I will send good thoughts to your dog 
@AnimalLovers12 oh that's cruel  how can they choose which dog to keep. a dog is a member of our family
@Gmonster9 my dog got hurt playing with another dog and now crying uncontrollably. 
Oh boy! Another lonely night in the house...just me and the dog. No snuggle bunny to curl up to 
Picking up my dog from the vet. I hope he feels better.  
my blind dog finally dies 
Put the dog bowl away 
This poor dog musta had bad experiences in cars. He won't get in to go to the dog park. Its so weird. 
Wish I could train my dog to fetch me soup 
@bpende aw so sorry about your pup 
I just cried looking at @kimmyawesome's dog 
I just cried looking at the pics of @kimmyawesome's dog 
Is depressed my dog had a stroke and is blind 
@PaganX sorry bout puppy no 5   -  lollies all round for us.
my dog crying 
My dog bog just had a seizer! 
My house is eerily empty with my dog in the doggie motel. I don't like it. 
my sister took the two dogs for a walk. if they have pups.. i want one 
Molly, my dog 
just yelled at my dog.. i feel kinda bad that i yelled at him now 
@jcab21 puppy dogs will dirty the sheets before you even get a chance to go to slepp! I just missed out on a free $1100 phone ...  to slow
What?! I didn't know they shot an old dog cuz he's old!!  this is not so good 
Dog figts are not fun!!   Especially when it involves you and your fur baby just trying to go for nice relaxing walk!
How sad is it when your dog dances better than you do? 
@NazishD @rozminajanee  We can't get a dog  sad C doesnt like dogs when they are indoors
my childhood dog has gone missing...she either ran away to die or the stupid coyotes got her  I want my dog back.
my dog is really sick. 
i want a puppy  i need action too lol
He was a wonderful dog that I will always miss 
My dog is so fucking annoying.  stop growling! You're scaring me 
@FaceBochum A dog came directly in across the street in front of my moving car  Dog is dead and i have to check today whats with the car
It's raining cats and dogs. No running this morning. 
Puppy boy is back at hospital minus half his ear 
...still havent found a puppy yet 
 I feel like a horrible human being. I didn't take the dog out when I was supposed too!
Anyone want to walk the dogs for me? It looks bloody freezing out there 
got reminded early that dogs dont like lightning. storm woke me up 
Waiting for the vet to call us back when she gets in.  
@dermdoc no!!! but I love my cats  why not dogs? I've actually experienced itchiness after hugging my puppy
My beloved doggie is gone 
I don't know why my dog continues to be sick 
@osuheather I'm sorry to hear that!!!  you're talking about the dog that I knew, right?
@epicpetwars I can't access usable items or spells in battle...help! Pet name: happysquash  This has lost me two boss battles already. 
my dog chewed my compurer charger cable 
@filzen That is understandable. I am so sorry to hear about your dog. 
I found a bernese cross labrador puppy and now I want it. Its disgustingly cute (and disgustingly expensive too)  
My dog is depressed 
@AlejandriaNicol : I'm scared of dogs tho 
@delaneygates  sorry about your dog
Oh gosh a dog with the cone of shame  they do not like that!
@kimmyt22 http://twitpic.com/7tzvm - How cute!  I want a dog even more now, but can't have one 
@Smittygoalie I'm sorry about your dog 
it sux when your dog is sick! 
i miss my atticus bug dog. 
Taking my dog to the vet 
My dog messed up my manicure 
Yay for my dog farting 
I just love picking up hot poop...walking the dog 
i need a puppy 
it makes me sick when i have to leave my dog and cat at the kennel, when i go on vacation... 
@TJNeonLimelight oh no! what happened to your dog? i am so sorry  losing a pet is the worst thing ever - she was very pretty!
no dogs the girl gave them all away 
@collerk i am lonely here with the cats and dogs 
@smosh  I wish my dog had the easy poop 
teaching my dog how to walk on a leash, its so hard  anyone have any tips? my dog hates it so far xD
I broke my dogs squeeky toy. 
i want a freaking puppy 
Why would a dog hump me... I'm not a girl 
 after next wednesday i wont be able to snuggle with lilly when i go to bed. she's the BEST dog ever.
The family dog, pepe, got hit by a car  my poor baby dog &lt;3 thank god he's ok...looove that little pup man
No puppies left. 
@Pentenscribes awww..your puppy is too cute!! I want a dog..I used to have a yorkie,until sumone dognapped him 
miss my baby dog. 
My doggie isn't doing well 
Falcore just peed all over me as I picked her up  I don't like this dog anymore
Just found out that my roommates let the dog chew up my childhood toy. So sad and pissed 
lost like a lost puppy 
Just woke up by the dog barking his bloody head off in the garden 
drexel ate a pen and now my couch is stained and so is his coat  bad dog!!
@AndyHartmark  tell me about it! i miss my puppy very much too 
i miss my doggy 
up late with my puppy. she is sick 
i have to take my puppy to the vet in the morning  and yet i am still awake for some reason.
I'm missing my puppy 
wanted to get on my bike but all dressed up and ready to go it started to rain cats and dogs  so redressed and waiting to go elswhere
@sarahmaemae that's the dog that i want. i had to decide between a dog or my trip to thailand...mike said i had to give the dog back 
i want a puppy 
Just scared awake by my dog having a seizure 
missing my little dog 
@tracecyrus http://twitpic.com/7w343 - i miss my dog so fucking much too 
It's so lonely here without the husband and the dogs. 
still not friends with the site.....but hey life is to short to bother....lousy weather! dog needs to go out 
i miss my puppy 
@kidsfashion : sorry to hear about your dog 
my dog woke me up at 615 to go take him outside 
@tarlie_ aww, i want a pet cat 
dog sitting great fun lol... i told them a cat would be better but they never listen. i want the nice weather to come back 
just stopped the dog licking beer from under the closet door... bottle got opened accidentally... now watching dog to make sure not drunk 
We're at the vet now. Not looking good. 
Trying to sleep in but there is a dog outside that won't stop barking 
just left my dog at the vet there going to do x-rays to see what's wrong  my poor princess
@boulderdog1 I loved your shock collar post - I'm working w/ a dog right now that was shocked, bite level 3-4 now, no bites before 
i want a dog 
@EAJimmie I want a dog too 
http://twitpic.com/7wsa1 - saddest puppy ever! 
@annomalies - awww poor pup 
cant wait for the puppy to be house trained, fed up of cleaning up dog wee 
The last of izzys belongings have been donated  I need a dog!!
i miss my puppy  i hate being away from him.
We had to leave him at the vet  they don't know exactly what is wrong. I hope he will be okay. *tear* I love him!
found a dog..cant keep him. his owner took him. 
@catmmm Were watching that too, poor puppy 
@AlexAllTimeLow my dog used to be scared of fireworks! I miss her 
kinda wants to go heat up wiener and make a hot dog. hunger 
dog sled is cancelled... 
i want a puppy!! 
@onezumi So sorry to hear about your dog 
my puppy isnt feeling well 
@Jonasbear2 I'm so sorry about your dog! I know how hard it is 
@StephanieALloyd I hope your dog comes out okay. It's always hard to see a pet feel bad. 
Trying to talk my mama into getting me a pug dog... She wont change her mind 
@no634 I hope your doggie gets well soon   poor doggie..
I want a cheese dog on a stick. 
Aww, morris is scared.  poor doggy-woggy.
@OGVENOE my dog had a puppy on thursday but it died.. today she started having another one, dead too 
my dog farted  it smells.
i just saw the cutest dog EVERRR now i want one.  my ex had a weiner dog.. she was such a cutie patootie.
Rats. Our dog got into my daughter's rat cage 
http://twitpic.com/7yd1r - This is my dying dog. 
ugh my dog ate m y retainer  !!
My roommate wants a dog 
my dog has started to take to snarling when we try and punish him  I am not a fan of this
I miss my puppy!!!!!!! 
My dog is lethargic and is obviously not feeling well. I hope she's not dying on me.  (contact me via aim @ItsRiinaa)
@JessiJaeJoplin LOL clearly ur not into the dog idea  sad...ill get a giga pet
@themrharris my neighbors got fireworks early...idk what's worst the fireworks or my dog protesting the fireworks 
@rakuette You poor thing.  Dogs are like that, unfortunately. That's why they require unrelenting affection before attaining.
@lemonslush it's roomie's gf's dog. just visiting. 
my house smells like wet dog 
@mallycakes I hate it  let me know if you know anyone looking for a dog.
i was just chasing my dog around my backyard and now i'm all itchy from the grass! 
I'm so sad I can't use a pic of my dog because the pics are too big! 
thought my dog was one of the special ones. yet she too drinks from the toilet 
All I want right now is my puppy 
do weather changes give anyone else splitting headaches? why is my dog crying again  he's a shaky chihuahua, yo.
@valska I always get humped by dogs 
@parischardae i cant believe it...where u gettin it from? when?...wat about my puppy 
I want a dog. 
Crying puppy. 
She could draw a puppy i lose 
I want a dog sooo bad... 
omg it's raining!!!!!!  i just wanted to take my little puppy for a walk but now i can't  sorry itala!!
my puppy is try to eat me cuz i smell deliciouse 
i dnt wanna give away my dog!  i love her 
I really miss my dog  and this is only my first day away.
ugh, our dogs got into another fight.  hassLe.
still missing the dogs 
is feeling rough as an old dog after not sleeping much and having a honking cold 
would lllllluv to let the sunshine in, but it's raining cats and dogs.... 
@the_lost_man we used Acaricide flea powder, still there though. it's really bad, our dog leaves trails of fleas everywhere he stays 
by myself tonight with dog 
@mooonic absent ka bukas Dog? 
damn. now I want a pet dog even more  http://plurk.com/p/12ojev
just me and kids again (and dog!), fella back to sea 
My most precious dog has catarata 
Just groomed dogs, feel like I'm eating dog hair now. 
Why do dogs eat poop? sick 
really wants that puppy. 
No 2.dog allowed 
@summergoddess @jillysiahaan how many dogs you have, put? I'm so jealous, I really want one!!! 
lost my dog  it hurts so much..wtf
Getting ready to take my cat to the vet 
just re-pulled my groin walking the dog. I guess I wont be playing with the Heartbreakers again tonight 
the dogs are zonked on the couch.  one is dreaming.  she's smooshed against the other dog.  i will miss them. 
@juwheelia is rodney your dog? 
Haha sister and I were just yelling in anger at the tv so loudly. Puppy did not approve. I can't believe they killed him 
- my mario and yoshi tshirt is all dog hair covered, and i don't have a dog anymore... 
Feeling like a single mom right about now  These dogs are wearing me out!!!
All dogs go to heaven... 
@dwadeofficial I don't like dogs  I'll catch he next topic.....
waiting to hear from the vet about hymie 
just saw the cutiest surfinh dogs from san diego for charity. i want a dog 
Just got bit by the dog. 
Missing my puppy 
@HeatherPark   think of the cute puppy
Making dog treats to donate to the poor dog at Earthsavers who has a heart tumor. 
my puppy is all grown up 
Nursing my dog, came back from vet after being spayed 
It's raining cats and dogs and I have a trunk full of groceries 
@KingLux I know right?!! I want a puppy just like that one! 
my dog is annoying. she takes up the whole bed 
@anneittab I wish she could make puppies 
still missing my pup.... 
waiting for my dog to get out of surgery.... 
Another dog I just want to go home 
ugh my mom won't make me my hot dogs! w.e. 
It sucks having the dog you've always wanted knowing that any day he could get really sick 
I'm going to miss my dog so fucking much! 
@TRISH21X lucky dog  boooooooo take me with you!!
i wish i had a puppy to play with while laying outside 
the dog nearly 'got' a much loved cat on the allotment, his collar came undone - we're both in the dog house 
@dougiemcfly i dong ahve an amimal no more my dog died  can i have flea?
@dougiemcfly i have a video of my dog, she's dead   it's really funny i'll upload it for you.
Picking up dog...so much for my glorious evening 
i want a puppy 
You know, jeff, your dogs really haven't done much good in our household. 
Driving behind a pick up truck with a dog in the back!! The dog is soaked and looks miserable... So wrong 
@kpfromthev It's definitely painful and cruel. There's no reason to cut the tail off a dog. 
@chelseanico sending out international sympathy to you, i'd be completely devastated if anything happened to my dog 
Offically seriously worried about my Dog 
The dog ran through poo then jumped up on me 
My dogs not ok 
I'm really sad I'm going to be putting down one of my dogs in the near future 
I just gave the dogs baths. Mixy really needed it, he was so hot. 
@terminaljeremy = the posterwhisperer. I think you're right though, regular walks and dog park fun have faltered to occasional walks 
@BurghRealtor I called animal control, but when they came, the dog was gone. The fish were still there. 
I hear a puppy crying 
I think we're going to have to put our dog down really soon 
I just found out that my dog died!!!! 
My dogs aren't cuddling with me 
feeding the neighbor's dog dog makes me miss my doggy 
@shelovesdcfc DUDE it's cool right? I was curious if they were dead though.  I've never seen a rat so still before.. or a cat riding a dog
looking at dogs for sale  i really miss my golden retriever   i wish my parents would let me get a dog
I just saw two pug puppies at the store and they reminded me so much of my puppy that is gone that i started crying 
My dog ran away again 
if you own a pitbull, you must always keep it on a leash.  We just saw a pitbull attack a small dog in our complex 
@SinnamonLove the only thing i don't like about shelters, is usually the dogs are harder to train from them. 
my dog cut up my arm really bad! 
I miss my puppy. deadass, I wonder what he's up to right now. imy stitch 
My dog just gave birth on my bed! 
My dog had six puppies and they are so cute. I just wish I didn't have to throw away my good bed set. 
i just found a stray dog  he is soooo cute
i wonder how my fever dog is doing. 
Now I need to figure out the 'come rescue this dog' number.  He's huge yet really pretty so we don't want to juat leave him out here 
My dog is ill!!!! 
In L&amp;D triage not in labor just sick as a dog 
@tommcfly haha! i had to take my dog to the vet..she got sick from my sisters dog who passed away 
is coughing like a dog. arf arf. 
@PreppyDude What's wrong with your dog. 
Missing my pup 
waiting for my dogs to come home from the kennels...they r very late!!! 
@TontoKaru U would think I was lying if I said I just forgot... so I'll lie and say my dog ate it. 
Waiting to take my cat to the vet @9:45. He got into a fight &amp; has a bite on his foot  he's so angry that I won't let him back outside.
doesn't like dogs who chew on books.... 
Up puppy sitting 
@thewild aww, I hope your dog gets better! That's awful, what's wrong with it? 
had to put my dog that I grew up with to sleep 
I left my nessie at the vet, I miss her already 
@anwynxo I want a dog! But I can't have them in my apartment, plus they're expensive 
oww the dog hurt my face!   biscuits r yummy
My dog skip: one of the saddest movies. Even I was in tears! 
A healthy remedy for you AND your dog  http://PetParenthood.blogspot.com #dogs
@cateyez didn't know you had multiple dogs  what breed and so are they?
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/2y606 - gosh! that's one adorable little dog. i can't sleep without my dog too 
@dougiemcfly HEEEY wat are ur dogs called?? how many ya got???    
@steamsmyclams Yay! I've been thinking about getting a puppy or another cat  What breed are you looking at?
My doggy is so cute. 
those dulux ads makes me want an old english sheep dog 
@loris_sl Dogs are put on this planet to protect us from an invading alien force - cats... 
http://twitpic.com/2yboq - my new puppy jess 
Morning everyone... even though its pouring cats and dogs outside... its going to be a great day! 
@PawPrintsPet we were discussing dogs in weddings! 
@jrodgers I'm sure there are people who'd like to ban dogs &amp; cats, too 
@asiftherock Dog was hired by advertisers. Marketers have deep reserves of cheap tricks 
@SummerH I'll have to get a couple of dogs to go with the juicer!  
@sherrilynkenyon I have a dog your cat can eat 
@yboey Got a 20,000 candelpower 3 LED light that is nice, and all the vicious dogs in the neighbourhood know me now 
Finally on the road to the in-laws after having to turn around to retrieve forgotten dog food 
Dog park with my babies, then my niece's 6th bday party? Yes please!! Couldn't think of a better way to spend this gorgeous day 
@TheDanielRyan I personally like the dog being on bed so I can feel i'm being protected but if the dog takes up my space, it's an issue 
beautiful day  baby shopping with farfa and co! dog park later of course
Trying to work a little but the dog keeps licking my ankles. I put badger balm on dry ankles, but dog likes honey taste. 
I lied, I did something. oops. I took the dog for a walk. yay for passed out puppies! 
outside walking tweety                          (my dog)
I can't wait until 8:00, when I get to meet the new puppy!!! 
@Jonasbrothers aww he is like the cutest dog ever! 
Dog now sniffing at a vodka n coke ... That's all i need a pissed puppy and pissed husband!? 
i love it when dogs chase their tails. its just soo funny 
is a busy dog...have you seen all the people I'm following? 
@Jean_o yes we do. I have 2 dogs and 3 cats 
playing with the dog 
lost the dog and found the dog tah dah 
my dog is a weirdo. but i love her 
Getting new puppies 
@ReeseWithspoon : is he a english bulldog? 
got my puppy 
@patphelan wow thats hard wor with the puppies well done, I was hoping to get an assistance dog for my deafness, but we have boo now 
thinking of getting a toy breed pup/dog! 
getting jumped on by a golden retriever puppy...best alarm clock ever 
Just going out to walk my dog. 
yay ... its sunny out ... i wish i had a dog .. I would so go walk it!!! lol 
The terrible twosome devouring hot dogs  http://twitpic.com/3lgnw
Finally getting to brekky, had to make the dog, cats, and wife happy first. 
@miketon944 lol, i smell bad, but i'm a nice dog! 
Ps. My dog fell asleep on my bed. He's so cuteee 
@wesborland omg what a gorgeous dog!!! 
@brendonuriesays http://twitpic.com/3mr7r - bden its that your new puppy  he so cute i love this pic
@pob34 ok then.dont forget dog food if u can. 
is holding my dog and dreaming about sharin'   
playing with my dog 
Haha yeah my dog was trying to hump her but instead her paws got stuck and u almost died from laughing 
Last night I had a dream I got a puppy. and somehow I had the money to keep the puppy. 
Playing with my favorite brown puppy who I haven't seen in a week!!!  she so acting like the spazziest of spazzies 
I love my dog even though he chewed up my comforter 
wide dog is the cutest thing i've ever seen....  !!! http://www.dailycute.net
Just got back from Dog walk - absolutely drenched. Scooby looks half her size 
@DaveGorman they say if a dog wee's U must rub there face in it!! They don't do it again.... 
@Rochellewiseman i love your dog - its too cute! its a maltipoo isn't it? i want one!  loving your album,  can't wait for new work video!x
still playing with my pet 
i'm outsite with my dog 
@harleyfatboy88b I would be most honored to meet pug 
Just got done shopping and went to the pet store. Hopefully getting a black pug 
http://twitpic.com/4dykv - how adorable is this dog?! 
In the forest with my dog and family 
@flintironstag Maybe warren g, I dunno about nate dog, can you twitter if you've had a stroke? I keed 
My dogs need some action. So, going out to the forest. 
@SidTheLab woof woof bark bark meow. You must be a talented dog 
hehe, Pet Airways is awesome 
@TheGimpyGirls Mine too, but it's been more a matter of the dog deciding where she wants to walk and the plants not growing there. 
@NewportTaupe trying to potty train my puppy... 
got our new puppy dog 
i got my puppy a jumper today  it came with a matching pet parent scarf !
Just finished bonding with our dogs  It's a challenge for them trying not to  bark at all that moves during a walk down our street.
is chillaxin like a dog in the shade 
outside, doggy needs a walk 
@TimothyH2O, that explains the dogs barking outside!  
Is about to get dressed and walk my dog 
@MrFlossy at least the dog is excited right now!  ha ha
is in bed on the ol' dog and bone 
Eating hot dogs with the little one.  It's fun.
just came back from running with the dog - awsome as always 
@Marizabeth1791 not allowed to sell the dog.. unless its to me.. ill give you $2 
@keithkurson Now all me need is a subeta pet to look like that. so cute. 
feeding my two dogs! i love em so much!  
@jeanettyface you can do it  your so tough that there is a bulldog on your poodle skirt 
Taking my puppy for a walk 
Walking the dogs rules  i love them
@DonnieAddict what? I'm not hovered in a corner trying to type quietly I'm getting aggrivated by this dog scratching! And the tv is on. 
@pinksugacupcake @bleakey Thanks! It's not easy to drive with a dog on your lap 
 my adopt-a-puppy http://yfrog.com/9wddej
I'm tired from walking my dog hmm maybe a quick snooze 
Is with our dog at the doggy park! 
Playing with my puppy 
@Dog_EaredPages Yay!  I can't wait to come in the bookstore and gets some new books 
@ezrabutler ...I wonder if the Dog is thinking the same thing....   #fml
@poptrashmusic How's your dog? 
got a new dog 
@pretentiousgit what a cute dog 
@andylondonmoren I like pugs! But perhaps a bulldog would be nice. 
Looking forward to going for a beasty walk with the pooch 
@pinkserendipity of course  I know what its like to lose a pet my kitten just got taken away from me my ex moved out and took her  from me
http://twitpic.com/4x082 - Is this our dog, is is?  I guess not until I washed it!
Watching the dog whisperer and cooking breakfast 
@ddfigs haha...no worries. and that's funny you thought we were talking about our puppy.  
Happiness is a warm, napping puppy. 
@jferman He's a bichon-poodle mix. Personally, I like bigger dogs, but he was just too cute to pass up. 
Also takin my dog lady 
with a puppy! 
listening to em AnD taking care of mY chihuahua 'makjodona' 
@vmrob I  just saw the pic you tweeted earlier of your dog and it made me go AWWWW 
Molly already knows all the basics plus tricks and she gets so bored so easily, that little big fat girl is too smart to be a dog 
@puggylicious  aww bless...yr dog is so cute 
@Timmy_Dog  aww 
woohoo! love my pet. 1 lost in our race. 
@shelliwazzu  awww...  that puppy is squeee... hes so adorable.. annoying dogs, but adorable
@binmugahid The dog wins! we could see more of it than the planet 
yay they found the lady and her dog 
@greeneash i love your dog it's so cute 
Is out with the dog, hoping it won't rain. 
@mrrocknroll i can't stomach it when the dog puke, i always make the fiance clean it up.  
monthly grooming appt for the high maintenance dogs (audrey and spence), petsmart, illegal dog park, roosevelt's bar. hello thursday. 
I have the cutest dog 
I want a puppy!!! 
And for the record, I kept the promise to her. I just put the dog leash in the basement like she asked. 
@CaplinROUS My dogs are mini schnauzers, bred originally to catch rodents (sorry). I wonder what they would make of a ROUS?  
the doggie park was lovely..all behaved fairly well  FAIRLY he he
sleepovr was excellent...thinkin of my dog.. he's soo cute  XD
has his dog 
I get a puppy soooon   so so so excited
HOME soon. I always miss my smiling pup- that gorgeous b&amp;w Sheltie boy with so much heart.  Could never travel long and miss him.
@MicheleBell21 did u get a new puppy?? I missed that 
@jesshibb You're right, I did love this! It's true, dogs DO have souls!    http://is.gd/ApN
http://twitpic.com/2lbj4 - Thanks! He's a Labradoodle 
When I was at school a girl called dorris wanked of a dog for 3 cigs!!!! I know what your thinking,,,,, what's a dog doing with cigs 
@SarahKSilverman is your dog a chihuahua pug cross? i love him 
Just went for a run for a mile with my dog 
Just watched hotel for dogs 
@brendonuriesays awww ^^ puppies need go out! 
@Kikirowr i want to get that hippogryph and some new pets 
Your dog is with purple tongue...  ...
has a puppy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
@Notrox I'd blame it on the baby &amp; dog 
Going on a walk with my new dog 
Watching the lion king with my dog and sis 
@judyrey My dogs stay at sleep when there is tremor hahah i need those dogs 
mhh some quality jog time with me and my puppy. who btw is the best dog in the workd 
She is roasting a got dog  haha
OHMYGOSH nick jonas' puppy is sooooooo sooooo sooooo cute!!!! 
@melodyjae Your dog is a pervert 
Telling my dog to stop barking and calm down 
@ddlovato http://twitpic.com/5f1gq this is my little puppy... 
@benjibum you common?  i dont think so. have you not seen where you live.  also you have  tiny dog like all the posh people. 
have finally decided... i'm homing a dog soon. guys..if you know something, lemme know - i'm open for adoption 
snuggling with my puppy! 
@rachielle  what you call his dog?
@jonmchu There's a dog stealing your seat! 
@pet2107 Both  #dualflirting #twoforonespecial
@writingroads &quot;Puppy paws&quot; is one of my favorite smells. 
@mysolis main reason for not getting another dog 
I have such a great dog 
@paulroub my dog is cuter than your dog.  
on the road to becoming a dog shelter volunteer.  
@greytblackdog ...then lift and dremel 1 rear leg at a time. Dog concentrates on balance, so can't fight you 
@BrokerSaunders yes they are...if it's the black dog maybe it found what it was looking for in the dirt LOL 
I love a boy who likes animals, especially dogs. Makes him that much hotter. 
Preferably a puppy 
My puppy is snoring. I think hes better. Haha  
It's a cat and mouse game; puppy dogs don't win  hehe
http://gtt9.com/up I want a slut puppy t 
@esmeeworld you're such a lucky girl  get yourself a towel, you look like a wet dog...
http://twitpic.com/5only - walking the dog 
@jimsmeltzart I had one growing up and she was the best dog ever 
My granny fed me some breakfast this morning so I won't pass out from working like a dog! 
@markohatma cute dog! 
@andreacourtois  I love your dog! 
i walk &amp; jog w/ my dog...lovin' it 
@zeddessarts Say hello to your dog for me 
@chrishasboobs My dogs are bitches! 
@MikeAvelino lol hola  everytime i go to puppyfind.com a different dog is on the main page &amp; they are hideous!! its killing my puppy fever
my dogs are so good. i dont even need to put them on a leash! hope they had fun today with their friend lily  i am so pooped!
awwwww, my dog is so cute when she sleeps  g'night twitterverse
@ChrisKing23  you have to lay next too a dog instead of a person .
@koolerbeans KB what r your dogs' names? 
@jayde_nicole has the cutest dog ever! 
was just playing with my dog 
the dog of my best friens this sick, is serious , I hope it improves soon 
@brian_shoemaker haha I love that dog 
@miriamsays what kind of dog do you want? 
@DaisyJDog I don't mean to laugh ... but you are a very cute dog. I hope you get some tasty treats soon!  BONEjour!  
Every dog has his/her day but that doesn't mean you want to be one 
@LindyRoyer My dogs will have an occasional morning bark...but they seem t quiet down quickly when we 'ask' them to 
says Puppy love!!  arf! arf! http://plurk.com/p/wxjv3
Has a very smart puppy. 
@Bubbles86 I seriously think my dogs do this too. It's like if they keep trying something magical will happen but sometimes it's cute 
@SteveNabors YAY!  now just come make my dog shut up and i'll be your best friend forever hahah
was seriously annoyed until she saw @genitorturers pics of the new boxer puppy. Puppies make everyrhing better!! 
you're made of dog poo! because i like you 
@HaylieK awww your lil dogs are well cute 
@pet2107 I'm good  how are you? I hope all is well. 
