Most common words for this cluster:
[('dont', 241), ('na', 23), ('work', 12), ('think', 12), ('worry', 12), ('feel', 11), ('today', 11), ('time', 10), ('get', 8), ('u', 8), ('school', 7), ('want', 7)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Dont', 0.9999482035636902), (u'dont', 0.7139933705329895), (u'cant', 0.6847022771835327), (u'Do', 0.6498603820800781), (u'Lets', 0.6480470895767212), (u'wont', 0.6263404488563538), (u"Don't", 0.6122362017631531), (u'Plz', 0.5983161330223083), (u'YOu', 0.5961914658546448), (u'Don\xe2_\u20ac_\u2122', 0.5950929522514343)]





My bed just feels too amazing. Dont make me get up! 
@Zuzusu Dont make me jealous of not being home in glasgow 
On plane. Dont think there will be much talking with fellow aisle mates...mas rapido espanol. 
Dont you just love being ditch!.....i sure dont! 
Tired. Dont feel to good 
On the bus Dont wanna go back to school.   
Dont wanna go back tonight 
Dont know what to have for breakfast....... no soya milk left = dry porridge, lack of pancakes (for which i have no maple syrup anyway) 
@meedee64 I dont know  I'm in this dark room with a laptop only &amp; lots of sounds outside. Dont know whats going on 
Dont you just hate it when you go to do a job, the gasket breaks and you cant get a replacement for a few days. No riding this weekend 
what a long month may is going to be.. especially at work..   Dont know what to do with my time anymore.. need more friends, or something.
@LittleMissRuby Dont ask 
Dont want to go to work  nooooooo x
Dont u hate when certain people bite their bottom lip trying 2 b sxc &amp; they really shouldnt? Its grimacing overkill of their actual face! 
Dont ya just hate when your eye gets itchy... then you itch it... and now it hurts  On a lighter note... uhhhhh... It was sunny today?
Dont you just looooove Mondays?.....NOT! 
wish that i had time to celebrate #starwarsday but alas going to see fightstar tonight instead. Dont have the dvds here neways 
In A&amp;E @ 6am! Dont panic bat fans, nowt wrong with me, gave a friend a lift...think their appendix has burst 
Dont wanna get outta bed  why cant weekends be longer -_-
@valueireland Dont talk to me about them 15o euros excess luggage charges on hols , never flyin with them again  its criminal !!
Dont really wanna be in the house but i dont have anyone to kick it with.. Wish i had my boogie here to kick it with me 
Watched peaches enter santos as i was leaving. Dont think she will be performing. 
Dont u hate when ur sick and get chills.. But ur hot? Thats how i feel right now  make it stop..
@slave_to_anime Dont be depressed.  Fanime is just around the corner! It will be good times!
i cant sleep  i keep wakin up ugh. Dont know whatsz wronq wit me.
Dont know what to do  soo bored i have school tommorow which sucks lots and lots of homework due in 
Dont  ever drink  its not a good feeling in the morning
@andrewagarcia sexy. Dont cry in the video 
Dont feel to hot at the moment  someday would like to get out of her closet!!
@xotropicalblend Dont have any 
Dont you hate when you forget something. I feel lost without my cell phone 
@tsongvilay1 Dont worry. It doesn't. but at least I'm good to look at it. 
@AwesomeFrank which isn't healthy... At all.. Dont you think i'd know? 
but somehow i dont have a very good feeling about this trip. Dont know if i'll be having that much fun..  i'll miss you!
Dont want more than u can handle, the rest just goez to waste  2 mny ppl in need right now !
@lynie200893 : yeah , he is . Dont know what to do 
@lynie200893 : yeah, he is . Dont know what to do 
Dont think i can snooze the alarm any more 
@arden_aubrey Dont talk like that about yourself 
Dont wanna go to wanchai  so exhausting
Dont worry babe 
@LimeIce On the way home dood.. Dont think the crappy vodafone gprs can handle yaymen.com 
Evaluating my people...Dont like this part of the job 
Dont you hate when u take a bite of an apple and its nasty?im a very sad panda now 
@tehlike : get used to it.... its just 9-5 for most people  Dont let it stop you pushing on tho!
new pic. its very edited. Dont blame me  fix it later. I look like a vampire 
@LaurenConrad Dont want it to end 
Dont send me back to virginia 
Dont want to work 
@ixheartxdonnie Dont' they know you have an addiction you are trying to support!!! sorry girl 
@ixheartxdonnie Dont' they know you have an addiction you are trying to support!!! sorry girl 
Dont feel so good 
Dont want to go to work 2 moro 
Dont know what to say right now other then i feel sad 
Dont make me work todayy 
Dont want to go back to school tomorrow 
Dont know what to revise 
Dont wanna go back to lex, where only sadness and pain awaits me 
Dont feel too well, i need a massage, at work 
Dont want to go to work today 
@brentspiner Dont get me wrong I love your work as an artist, but as a twitter'er, I cannot continue  Dont hate me 
Dont want go  summer school but got up 4 it this morning 
Dont want the hills to end 
Dont ya just hate it when you step outta the shower and you are still sweating!!?? 
my god just noticed i had over 3000 believers in a thing called love last night and only 1983 today! Dont they believe in love anymore 
@HettiSpaghetti Dont make me jealous, it was so hot in the office 
@AuntyMartin no i dont wanna know what happens! Dont ruin this for me as well 
Dont know why, but im feeling a bit down again!! 
@kenken6 Aw  I'm sorry dude. I hope you feel better. Dont worry about getting the braces on that part doesnt hurt, only after.
Thinking about sleep.  Dont want to do it! I think I'll listen to the radio. Wow, feels like I haven't done that for soo long. LoveUiPhone
Dont wanaaa goo school  @david_henrie can u come to my school n drag me out ppleaseeexxx
@expressivemsr Dont remember the website... 
was going to order to advertising decals for my car, damn car is the wrong size and shape for just about everything. Dont want stickers 
Dont want to do the stuff i'm supposed to do 
Rehearsen littleshop at the moment. Dont going brilliantly and show in 3 days. 
@Omgitsc00kies aw i forgot, I have a physio study session after school for my final  i Dont think i can go
Dont want to go to class tomorrow ~ 
Dont you just hate when your itchy but the itch is inside so you cant scratch it ? 
@rena19toe aww... Dont be mad wit your dad... 
Dont wanna go work 
@lucyucy Dont say tht lucy i love him 
Dont you just hate it when you go to clean your teeth but forget to wet your toothbrush and get a gobfull of toothpaste i do 
Going out for a meal tonight!! Dont wanna go.         I will take my ipod and phone to entertain myself.
Amazing night.Dont want to be home 
Dont ya hate it when you're ready for bed... then you realise you dont have sheets on the bed 
Dont have anything to do 
@kimkardashian. Dont cut it off, just get a decent wig. I cut 17 inches off of my hair last year and itsjust past my shoulders right now 
Dont wanna work tonight at ten 
Sitting in terminal d! Dont want klara to leave!  this will be very emotional. 
Dont know how to work this twitter thing??!!!!! 
@jasminanguyen Dont be sad  just study a bit more!..
Dont know what to have for tea  Home alone and everything in my freezer is for more then one person
Dont fit in with addicts, dont fit in with family, dont fit in with normal people.. What do i do 
@itsmay_yay mk. Dont feel sad or ill feel sad too 
@Lopsi  Dont shatter my unsuitable visions!
Dont knw wht u do  dnt make me sad, pls :'(
Where is the sun? Dont do grey skys! 
wish the weather was sunny again . Dont really like the rain  xx
@bryanchin87 Dont wanna date you de.  Going down this weekend! &lt;3
Reading. Dont feel good 
Dont mean 2burst everyone's bubble....but the weekends almost over  &lt;had 2put an ellipse there or it wldve been weird&gt;
Dont feel so good all of a sudden 
@mojoe182  Dont blow up precious ! 
@troytaylor86 If I express that I dont like a song, does not make me a hater. Dont think thats fair 
@MzLdy2U oiiee  i know that feeling all to well. Dont be that girl to sit and wait for that man u fell for to come back tho!
I'm a bit lonely today,  Dont know why.
Dont get it till wednesday tho 
Dont like my hairstyle 
Dont like graphzzz  want to be doing art....
Dont make me late 
@TheJoeFrom1993 no problem, and thank you! Dont get enough time to go out at the moment. expensive camera sitting lonely in my room. 
Dont wanna take my spanish final 
Still half asleep. Dont wana get up. 
Dont like the thunder 
Dont wanna be at work 
Dont want to give the puppy back I love her 
@liddokun I want a farm too  But I have faith things will get better. Dont leave!
@sconei i getting mad annoyed at you know who the more i speak to him. Dont you have any kind of messengerr any more 
@kristenprout i Dont know 
Dont get how to work this bastard 
On my way home. Dont feel good 
Dont really feel good  going to sleep early..
@missy_gee What about me! I Dont get any mail? 
im Going to bed!  Dont feel 100% that great right now 
@spilyi uhhhhh. I just bite you in return. (I love vampire things but wont do it again. Dont want to be real vampire.  )
Dont knw how to kill time... but its surely is killing me... 
Dont worry @leonardoringo .. I'm gonna miss @carloargenton too.. 
Dont like working on sunny days 
@endlessblush Dont have any 
getting ready to start work. Dont know if my new &quot;calf&quot; is going to make it.  
Dont stop moving to the funky funky beat doo doo dooo .....bored 
I hope they wind up the meeting at 1.. Dont wanna get late 
@ismokecrack Dont fry me 
Unfortunately im gonna be leaving for scottland on thursday so you will just have to be sad and miss me  Dont cry jonnie i'll be back.
what is going on  my insides feel twisted and contorted. Dont let me fall asleep feeling this way.
&quot;Dont judge a book by its cover.&quot; 
@modelmonae why whats wrong  Dont cry pretty girls shouldn't cry.
Dont understand how I got relatively high marks in 2 essays, but the feedback says it was shit?  that doesnt bode well for full time work+
@shaundiviney Dont take the momma joke seriously. I love you guys. you sounded so pissed off . soz man 
@MissPippa Aww no! Dont say that! I dont hav a desktop  wots wrong with it?
Dont you hate when your boyfriend is gone for two weeks? 
@GeminiTwisted Dont feel bad i wanted one too and didnt get one.  
Dont wanna speak to anyone right noe 
@spazziness awww... we just had a funeral for a frog today...  Dont be sad!!!
Dont know where ashad and whosane r playing these days..!!! The break beat specialist chris is missing from zenzi from last two months.! 
Dont let your computer run out of battery when your updating your iphone. It sucks 
Just got up  Dont feel well
@miss_tascha Its terrible, i has to take yesterday off work, and am forcing myself to go in today. Dont know what it is tbh 
I'm ridiculously tired  Dont like being up and awake this early, it's no fun
Note to self: Dont go to bed at 12:30am when you gotta wake up at 4:30am. 
Dont feel well 
Depressed again. Dont know how to get out of it 
Dont go for ballet today. 
Dont know about the rest of you but I REALLY miss @ferretprincess 
Dont you hate it when you are waiting for something to come in the mail and you check the mail everyday and it doesn't come in. It sucks. 
@lady_monet Aww man. Dont do me like that.  I had a stressful ASS mornin..
@KnickersMonica Dont have it!  Listning on myspace, I'll see if i can get it though! ;D
 Dont you like the jonas brother:?
@TMLO I feel your pain  hope it goes away quickly! Dont be like me, take something for it
I like this girl who loves cats. I dont but i will deal with it. Dont know why but i really like her but dont know what to say dang 
1,2,3,7,5,8,4 They started good with the 123 but it all went downhill for there. Dont even ask me what happened to 6..I never found it 
@s_b_g ooo me either. I'm waiting until monday I think. Dont have time this weekend 
@himynameisrose Dont get ya hopes up, @elizamanson 's raing but it rang out 
@KittyKat_1988 Dont have it either hun, soz 
In bed trying to sleep..Dont feel like going to work tomorrow!! 
Dont think i shud have eaten my chicken caesar sandwich..now feel very sick 
Dont wanna play netball today 
has decided not to stay up and wait for the mr to get home!  Going to bully him to quit his weekend job.. Dont like alone at night! 
Dont talk bout new yorkers...jerzy girl....n i am jealous i wanna drink with the boys 2 
Dont deal with u nomore so how about u just skip ur ass back to lorry's house @mzneecij ...(ur no fun) 
@ChantelleSherie Dont fall asleep with the candle on 
Dont nobody care nesh nesh! 
Dont have enough money for @majorlazer pon de floor tshirt 
Dont want to play footy. 
Dont let wendys fool you with a promise of asian chicken 
Dont let babies play with remotes! We cant find ours 
Dont you just hate it when u wanted a lie in but you wake up damned early? 
@gabsoriano I cried!!!!! Dont let me listen to songs like that again  it's the most wonderful piece but the most heartbreaking too.
@Stephanya Ah, so your battery life must be very short as 3g kills the battery faster than wi-fi  Dont have broadband at home?
Dont ya jus love wen some random song u dont even  kno pops up on ur shuffle? Except my ipod screen is broken so i cant find out 
hmmm what 2 do 2day?? gotta twait my lox but Dont want 2  booo
Saying goodbye to my grandmother was so hard. I will never see her again.  One of the things she said to me was &quot;Dont forget me.&quot;
@chicagos_threat Dont laugh  and omg you will never get a invite smh
@nelip Dont feel bad nell i was'nt able to go to raechel's recital  but hey  this is the first time i missed in 2 yrs .........
Aww! Dont say that. 
Dont want to get into a confrontation with the grenade! 
No1 writes back 2 me on twitter! I Dont feel loved  so I'ma have a shot of tequila. bottoms up!
Dont u hate it when magazine screw up they put the same article in twice and wasnt of the band i wanted to read 
Dont feel well think i have the flu. 
Dont know if i like this twitter thing just thought i would check out what all the hype is about and i cant even upload a picture 
sighs~ run me over so i dont have to do the exam!!!  Dont do serious damage though... just enough so i dont have to take the exam!
Dont know what to do today. 
Joben, Dont let his cute face and hair fool you.. He was really douchey a few weeks AFTER that pic was taken.  I miss the non douchey him.
Twitters wackk, goodnight!! Dont wanna go to work tomorroe 
Twitters wackk, goodnight!! Dont wanna go to work tomorroe  http://bit.ly/cWVHW
Dont know what the heck is wrong with my pc. It isnt working! 
@applegamble: there'd be better days ganda  Dont be sad na...  huug
The meds are making me feel yucky and wobbly. Dont like it 
Dont want 2 go 2 work 
Going to 6 flags &amp; river walk. Dont think I'll have time to read today 
NO!! Dont rain!! Not when i have to work outside 
Dont understand this  x
Dont listen to her she doesnt eat anything! Lol   Lonelyandroid ):
Dont you like?? I thought yud be happy 
@roshnimo Dont be lazy............try a few out.... tools are to make life easy for lazy people 
@davidbaillie Dont worry, your secret is safe with me 
@sider Dont worry I dont bite 
@coy0te Dont think so...need an early night...new job tomorrow 
@latedecember Cheers! You are nice! &amp; tried to help me lots. &quot;Dont look now, but, youre being followed&quot;! 
There's something wonderful about sticking your feet out of the window of the car doing 60.  Dont worry, I'm not driving 
@nik_kee_dee Dont take any of their shit man... do it!... lol 
Dont you just love surprises! 
Dont forget mother's day! *happy mother day to my mom she pass away 2 of april this year=( it was very hard on my and my famly  bless you!
@taylorswift13 Dont think to much of it..its not healthy ;P love ..you belong with me  its great!
Dont know about it but tryin something different. I know what didnt work in the past. (im shocked...people are following me  )
@xb4byfac3x LOL ! Dont worry your not the only one, the best way to enjoy tv/ movies is to have snacks on your side 
Haha nice courtney! Dont miss shift haha! 
@morningroc Dont worry man. You'll see me just as much this week as you did last week. 
Dont forget to say happy mothers day  off to church tired as hell :/
@vanessawhite @FrankieTheSats Aw yay, glad your having a brilliant time! Dont forget about us Brits though! 
@ocdchick Dont think I wanna pay you for one of those rooms 
@tommcfly Lol I love your tweets tom!! Dont stop tweeting! You are a ledgend  ?
@jasminekpk Howaaa :0 Dont stress too much mak cik.You can do it tomorrow 
@pman But thats not the point peter, I'm on a applescript mission  Dont want to cheat... LOL
#pman #pman #pman #pman #pman @pman But thats not the point peter, I'm on a applescript mission  Dont wa.. http://tinyurl.com/r95ope
@Templesmith Dont worry. The world will end befor that. And if not the oil will run out and the nukes starts to fly. 
@kymalicious Dont be too jealous, I got baked while i plowed the land  Now that the products are in place I am back in business ;)
@MemeR Ah ok, gotcha. Dont think theres much I can help with on that count then, sorry! 
@icebergstorm awh you ok? Dont worry be happy  !!
Dont feel like working much today 
tryin 2 discreetly text at work! Dont think its workin tho  speak soon
this one is for the knackered dads in the world  &quot;Dont tell me, you dont know what you see. When you're look... ? http://blip.fm/~6su77
@abstractg Dont worry dude - got one 
@tobiefysh Dont' we all! 
@jimmus 1 of the many good things in life! Just relax in the sun &amp; get filled up w/ vit D at the same time!! Dont ask how.... enjoy it!! 
@faahz ok..Dont take too long. I got @brittanyop with me and i've been bragging about you. 
I am an e-book ... Dont try to open and read ... i might be a virus  ...
