Most common words for this cluster:
[('dream', 547), ('dreams', 415), ('night', 114), ('sweet', 44), ('lol', 29), ('amp', 19), ('day', 18), ('woke', 17), ('nightmares', 14), ('u', 14), ('true', 11), ('time', 11)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'dream', 0.9327422380447388), (u'dreams', 0.9052323698997498), (u'lifelong_dream', 0.6913155913352966), (u'dreaming', 0.6711447834968567), (u'house_Margo_McCulley', 0.6605887413024902), (u'unshaped_eyebrows_Poehler', 0.6464999914169312), (u'boyhood_dream', 0.6446133255958557), (u'dreamed', 0.6386213898658752), (u'daydream', 0.6364973783493042), (u'boyhood_dreams', 0.6329718232154846)]





goodd nightt  sweet dreams to everyonee   jared neveerr chat on kyte   lol
I'm just a girl, With a dream that got the best of me..... 
#dreams Had discussion about unitarians with a libertarian while sitting in a gigantic anthill. He loved jesus too much to be civil.  
@luk3y_ I'll never find that mystic dream 
I had a dream about one of the people who I follow and they follow me...he went to prom and I didn't 
Just as my dream was about to finish rendering I woke up 
Up and studying in the early morn, motivated by my very bad dream! 
@danabrit that's quite a disturbing dream to be having 
I had another scary dream 
I saw the cutest guy ever!.... in my dream  dreams come true right? i hope so! (:
i dislike dreams that make you feel sad even after you wake up 
What an awful dream 
I had such good dreams last night 
@sebby_peek I kind of have to, for myself  you don't like me though  sweet dreams love  xoxoxoxoxox
@koreas you probably did okay, nehaaa~ i hope you have rainbow-filled dreams of g-dragon.  &lt;3
I woke up thinking of strawberry lips, but I don't remember any of my dreams   was probably too drunk!
I hope that darkrai has moved on from our area, I don't want me and @blue_shellos to have bad dreams again tonight 
@nkhare where are you playing?  I had a dream last night that I shot an 84...only a dream. 
@mattg00d I'm not the only one, then! dude i'm scared to sleep with my crazy dreams, BAHAH 
just woke up. stoll sooo tired. thinking about going back to sleep. had weird dreams but can't remember. 
Oh god, my dream was that i went to kays house and it turned out i had to do my german oral. 
i just had the weirdest/best dream ever. im really sad that i woke up and its not true  going back to sleep.
started remembering my dreams again, but good go the nigtmares have been awful 
had scary dreams 
Just had a terrible dream 
awake. project now  just had a really vivid dream I thought I was real
I didn't have any dreams that I remembered. 
Dreams + plane crash = nightmare 
had a really scary dream now i can't fall back asleep.  I hope it doesn't come true 
Has a really scary dream last night! 
@emmers44 I had the best dream ever last night!! And then I woke up and almost cried cus it wasn't real!! 
@bjyork wow what a sad, scary, yet eerily realistic dream! 
@sunii it was some made up store near school. it was awesome, i was clicking it and thinking about you  i'm sorry that it was just a dream
I'm sad...I met the guy of my dreams...IN my dreams and I didn't even get his name or number!!! ahh  ...swt dreams again tonight please!
This morning I woke up from a dream where my little brother and I were cornered by an assassin. I couldn't find anything to kill him with 
i want my dream come true 
I hate scary dreams that keep you up 1/2 the night  ... but found this http://dream.dictionary-dream.info/ ... very interesting
had a dream last night that i lost all of my followers.. all 5 of them 
I wish I knew what these dreams mean! There starting to scare me! 
Going to bed, hopefully I'll have no dreams at all bc I hate weird dreams and I just had too much pizza for dinner 
@cassper11 no one ever has dreams about kendankicks on dailybooth 
life is an ilusion , love is  a dream  but i dont know what it is...... 
@ddlovato scary dream  just woke up from it.
misses someone who appeared as a blue-eyed monster in my dream. (lol)  http://plurk.com/p/pbo96
Just woke up from having a horrible dream..i can't even get back to sleep now 
People seem to be sharing their dreams. I remember mine being odd, but details of it escape me. 
I don't like bad dreams 
all i wish now is to be with him  [2] or just dream with him
@maramarian way to ruin a dream. 
did u know I was waitin on you? waitin on a dream that will never come true 
heading off to bed and sweet dream...have to look for a lost cat tomorrow. 
my dream last night was brilliant! if only it was real 
just woke up. had a horrible dream about the ocean. will never go to the ocean again. 
a little scared.. i had a horrible dream .. 
@parachutesfail I'm sorry to hear you had terrifying dreams last night.  
I had weird dreams last night 
I hate it when you're having the best dream ever and then you wake up 
@casablancaangel i know the feeling  sweet dreams
terrible dream this morning 
@octoberish I have dreams like that sometimes too! Or that we have horrible arguments. 
@peacerevolt more food and my dream sixpack abs will forever stay a dream. 
Just woke up had a really scary dream  It's all rainy out
I'm awake.  drinking a latte. I had a sexy dream last night that I keep thinking about!
had a really weird dream about terrorists throwing a victoria sponge at me 
Bad dream  i wish i was at bamboozle
@escobar510 I think my dream maybe tru I hope not 
whooooaaa another one of those doomsday dreams!! 
just woke up, had a horrible dream and now I'm up 
@IanAKAGod  my hopes and dreams.....*flush* :'(
has finally lost her perfect 20-20 vision.  http://plurk.com/p/rodif
I wish wade was here &amp; I wasn't home alone. I'm for sure having bad dreams tonight 
@xAcclaim07x man i wish i could have dreams about my stories... that would make writing it that much easier.  u suck
Late night bad dreams  will this loneliness ever go away?
wishing i was still asleep!! No fair it was such a wonderful dream too!!! 
@rup33 I'm up studying this morn already!  where are u?!?wake up, I need to tell u bout my dream!!!!
had the best dream ever! i hate waking up  now all i need is that dream to come true!
@ScottRMonaghan trust me. youre dreams cannot be as weird nor as scary as mine. 
Now that everything is gone it hit me. This isn't a dream she really is leaving.  i can't handle it.
I have the worst dreams when I'm ill... I got bombed, crushed and laughed at  all in my own bed.
Why am I so tired? And another weird dream last night 
does not like sad, realistic dreams 
Horrible weird dream last night - feeling traumatised 
I think I have to burry my dream to buy a tele 
waking up from a bad dream  
I had a really nice dream last night, but it makes me sad now 
i hope that one day ma dreams become reality ... 
i'm not going to buy the blackberry! my mum doesn't want to! damn it!! my dream is over! 
Just woke up from a scaryy dream bout a huge bug!  [[F.T.F.]]
can't sleep, keep having a new bad dream each night,,in need of a hug 
anyways just woke up from a really strange dream :S and now time to study mathematics!! :O 
dreamt horrible dreams last night meaning i woke up sad.... not a good thing! 
I just went to bed at 330 and I've already had two bad dreams. 
Many bad dreams again. 
so over these dreams  it's rubbish waking up feeling crap 
houses r toooooo expensive in b'lore ... no wonder its a dream for many ... that includes me 
@TaliyAllTimeLow pretty sure that was a dream. 
sad baby chase just woke up crying...i hope it wasn't a bad dream 
I hate after shows cause they just feel like a dream 
says... &quot;He can only remain in my dreams and fantasies in my head and he'll never know i even existed&quot; 
didn't really sleep well and had an awkward &amp; not very pleasant dream 
He's always in my dreams.. I can't sleep.... I miss him 
I just had a bad dream!  I woke up crying
@AllStarNinja I know sad ha    sweet Italian man  dreams !! ;)
What do u do when you have a dream and you think you cant go any further?? 
I had a horrible dream last night 
i want to draw better so i can have my own dream exhibit someday. 
Wondering if its possible to be huanted purely in dreams - conversations with those who are not anymore 
had bad dreams and got up at 6 a.m. 
Just woke up and had 2 terrible dreams. Ridiculous 
oh my goddd I hate waking up  It ruins the dreams :'(
@cutebutpsycho76 oh no  that's a scary dream.
I just had the most amazing dream...and was so gutted when I woke up to find it wasn't real 
@kimberley_ was a good dream  then got woken up by phone  dammit.
i had a wired dream last night  it was scary.
uhg....I hate when I wake up from a really reeeeeally good dream to find out it was only a dream! 
Oh doom! I can't have a dream 
wide awake with no dreams in sight 
@cassper11 haha that's alright then! I really wish I could remember my dreams 
just woke up from one of the worst dreams ever. 
@LukeG2 i had a dream and in it u were in trinidad  i miss u
i havent woken up scared from a bad dream in years...im talkin like 12 or 13 yrs... this dream felt like a warning...i need to pray more 
@annNow no dreams 
Shakes off silly dreams.... I swear one dream can ruin months of progress.... 
had a really bad dream 
stupid bad dreams, I am tired but don't want to go back to bed 
Man, i had such an awesome dream now i'm sad that's all it was 
I had a dream that twitter banned me for life. It was awful 
just woke up from the worst dream ever!!!!! 
Just woke up from a bad dream  I was almost gunna get raped in my dream  so scary.
@zoecorkhill I hate vivid dreams. 
I hate dreams like that  make me end up being jealous of myself.
i hate when you wake up from a really really good dream and realize it was all just a dream. 
watched a few xfiles.......now im passing out!! i hope michael meyers and aliens dont visit me in my dreams  LOL
Ahhaha one of my supervisors told me she had a dream that I died 
had very bad dream 
I had bad dreams now I'm scared 
Morning ! I wish these odd dreams containing one person in particular would go away 
i just woke up covered in sweat and tears. bad dreams are the worst. 
@Ipstenu a dream come true, wish i could do the same 
@RLee917 LOLLLL i never got thattt  what was your dream about?
I hate having vivid dreams about him...they give me hope that doesn't exist ugh 
I can sleep. Those dreams again. how pathetic, doesnt want to face those dreams again 
woke up sobbing. a bad dream. 
 it's already morning....I was having a great dream.
had some really good dreams last night that seemed so real....but alas, they werent. 
@lanibre not holding your breath???  that's sad cause i totally want to still feature in dreams and sing with you and your daughter!!!!!!!
i think i miss highschool. this isnt the first time i had a dream where i was back in it. 
i dont sleep as much anymore i keep having dreams that wake me up, not nightmares though just dreams that i shouldnt have anymore 
Now I feel hopelessly sad  stupid dreams
when can i reach my dreams ? 
@tedsmooth only in our dreams  sigh
@michaelheredia aww you just crushed our dreams of becoming fit..  LOL jkk!!
@ecctv Does your cat murder them in these dreams?  
@dastardlypirate @ZOMGitsBekiBoo been in bed all day feeling better would be a dream come true 
Complicated with a dream 
woke up from bad dream.  grrrr
I had a bad dream an now i cant go to sleep   KEILIGIRL254
I just had a horrible dream. 
horrible dreams last night  also had one in which i was employed...sigh, if only.
@yukihoang i had a dream that u didn't like me 
last night sucked... too many bad dreams about spiders and rogue octupi 
@travisjestes  never have good dreams like that.  
@leahchu  that's the worst dream ever. weird to think all of those thoughts are in your subconscious.
I spent my whole dream cooking a delicious meal, but I woke up before I got to try it 
Just woke up. I dreamed I had 9 new emails! Sadly, it was just a dream 
I feel like my dream just got crushed 
Wow what's with me having intense dreams, this one was disturbing I woke up sad 
i just woke from a bad dream 
@tommcfly - last night I'd have a dream about you. you was mad 
Just realized; my dreams were crushed the day I got my first pimple.  I knew what I wanted but now it can never happen.
Having the most horriblest dreams ever 
i legit just had the scariest dream 
maan, learning to lucid dream is hard, i can't even be bothered to write dream diary 75% of the time 
i just had that awful dream again  damn nazis, austrians, crocodiles and play doh guns
we all dream about finding the right one, for me it's still a dream!! 
i had a dream about donuts there were so many so delicious I woke up thinking it was reality now I'm disappointed 
why do I keep having horrible dreams that make me wake up crying?  someone stop these dreams kthnxbi
is having the weirdest dreams...n they are getting weirder... 
I think they're one of the worst kinds of dreams. 
i actually woke up in tears this morning from a horrible dreams    good thing i got over tht
@nikrichie aww  why dont you go to bed and just relax if you cant fall asleep  if you can then dream a wonderful dream  x
I don't know what's going on in my subconcious but I had some messed up dreams last night 
Even my dreams are depressing. 
The one day I can sleep in &amp; I have a bad dream &amp; can't fall back to sleep...dang it! 
Would rather have nightmares w/ monsters n killers than the bad dream she had last night 
i had a dream i got my tragus pierced...i now want it more than ever 
In my dreams, you're the one who keeps me asleep on nights where I can care less if I woke up again  gshdkghdkfhds gsdgdbgkdj gosh
i HATE waking up from good dreams. 
I hate waking up to a dream then not remembering it! 
@ddlovato I wish most of our dreams did come true 
Just woke up from a really good dream to find out it was a dream 
oh no. i started seeing him in my dreams again   why?
I'm starting to have dreams with him again 
Oh I had the weirdest dream about @nicolerichie O.o it seemed to go on forever too 
why do i keep having these fucked up, realistc dreams about brett &amp; i?  they're really messing with me.
@dream0176 Me too, it sux. 
Just had a really messed up, mean dream  That was weird..
i had a dream i got my braces off... 
I had the best dream ever last night! 
i wish that my dream would come true 
god ok i thnk its better i dont dream ive been havn really bad dreams hope its not a sign ..... 
raspberry sorbet and field of dreams. wishing my boyfriend weren't at work 
I had a dream about a giant sex complex... videos, toys, clothes, swingers rooms... everything. too bad it was just a dream 
That was a bad dream.... huhu 
I need a dream steamer! 
hate dreams when u wake up crying your eyes out 
so bored....nothing to do.  can't leave without seeing my idols and can't leave without my dreams coming true. ( soooooooo.... sad!
Sitting at  home super bored and it's really late but I can't sleep because I'm afraid of my dreams 
How do you even prevent such fucked up dreams? 
why am i awake and why did i have a dream about having a tounge ring? 
I had a horrible dream last night!  I just want to hear thomas' voice now.
Ah woke up toooo early  on the plus ide this dream was pretty awesome
I just woke up from a dream that I was surfing the internet.  
wants to be out in the sun but has to finish a composition about dreams and nightmares 
@tommcfly I know that you're promoting the new album but if you play just one music will be a dream for all brazilian fans  ....
Because it was a dream 
eww. jus had the worse dream ever 
I had a dream that @mdoolittle hated me 
I had a dream that my dog died, and woke up crying and felt around my bed and she was there. 
@_ashlE_  well isnt that lovely, I'm sorry you had a bad dream 
Fly with your dream!(advertisement)    but I don't have wing, how can I fly? 
@assenavdew nope another night without twisted Ddub dreams  i need to start listen to their music too b4 bed! not happening though
i hate when i have realistic dreams, waking up and realizing they arent real is so dissapointing 
Another night, another dream wasted on you 
@sylvi82 it's never been our habit.. but i think, it's always have been our destiny.. 
my mind was very active last night, some bizzare dreams and one of my reoccuring nightmares that made me wake up in panic 
i have a headachhhe  i had somemore weird dreams :\
i had horrible dreams last night 
 i had a freaky dream last night
just woke up from a bad dream - i dnt feel right 
@juliedziura hereeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. i just woke up. i need to tell u abt my dream 
I just took a nap &amp; had a dream I was a vampire. It was awful. 
@dreamer_17  sorrry! It wasn't even that great, if it makes you feel any better. Lol
i will not be able to go to college because of these personal statements. i have no dreams, hopes, or aspirations 
@mileycyrus i hope you dont think i'm a creep- but i had a dream last night that we were best friends, i wish it was true  
I hate the dreams where they seem too real and when you wake up your convinced that you still dreaming... Curs-sed mind games  gggrrrrr!!!
@AccioDalia jeeze hogwarts sounds like a good dream. I wannt happyyyyy dreams 
Just woke up from a dream, in which I had won the lottery. I really thought I had. Ahh well. 
is sadden by the news that an old crush of hers has passed away! Now I guess my dream will never come true 
@kershiaw me too!  i totally had another concert dream.. LOL.. my brain is still in denial wtf!
Bad dreams suck 
had a well horrible dream 
i woke up from a bad dream. 
@dittmar stop ruining my dreams! 
@TheLastDoctor ooc: *crushed dreams and hopes...* The cake is a lie.. 
just had a dream that made me cry 
internship go moved to next week.. slept a little bit later now i woke up frm my dream and wished it wast a dream!! 
wishing my @AlbaSeoneAnton sweet dreams and safe travels. shanghai will miss you dearly and so will i 
just woke up in the middle of a really good dream 
@officialemily emilyyy. i cant think of a second series title  when nightmares become dreams...
@Complexity_ WTF! I also had a bad dream!  K text YAY!
@HeyRobert I used to have hoop dreams too 
@tommcfly why didn't you come to say just hello for us? you can make this dream came true, but, feels like it doesn't matter for you 
@symphnysldr awwww i'd go to your wedding!! &lt;3 i guess this was quite litterally an &quot;in your dreams&quot; moment 
@kchinn how sad!  This doesn't bode well for my aspirations either 
@caninez I had a bad dream, or nightmare if you will, that you turned into some juice monkey. Not cool 
@saintsammy I saw that. I'm soo sad now!   but atleast he's following his dream hope only the best for him and the band
Dreams are so fucked up. I HAD to wake up to get out of my dream, my parent pulled a con on me and I had to try and leave the villag 
what dreams may come 
sweet dreams twitter ;* its 1:50 am 
I had so many dreams about you and me....happy endings now i knowww...  &lt;/3
@T_Diggity also,u don't always remember all ur dreams    u actually have 2 wake or half-wake in the actual dream you are having 2 remember
I had a dream last nite about an airplane going off the radar and crashing, then woke up to this  Prayers to all http://usat.me/?35208484
I am really not a fan of bad dreams... 
@quizo I don't like the single with the dream, 
@KrisAllenmusic aww i missed it  that ruined my night, bblahh. kris ily though! haha keep living the dream hun!
@jendancechick dream i call it fantasy....aww 
do dreams come true because mine will never 
Just woke up from do awful dream now i cant get back to sleep.. 
Would like to thank my dream hero and my mobile for saving me last night. It got scary for a while 
Just had the most terrible dream 
i had the most horrible dream ever last night 
@thisgoeshere oh i hate it when my dreams are too good then suddenly mom wakes me up  xD
I kept waking up in my dream and it kept on repeating itself! It was horrifying 
I just woke up.... bad dream. 
I highly dislike my dreams 
had a dream about you last night.  just when im getting over it my mind reminds me. woo. fml &gt;
had the worst dream ever, i woke up more exhausted then when i slept. ugggh !  
I had the most terrifying dream ever. It had to do with burning children.  No me gusta.
@macangel me too, if only they would make one geared for individuals but that will probably remain a pipe dream 
keep havin dreams @dannymcfly @dougiemcfly @mcflyharry and @tommcfly finally tour the us &amp; somethin stupid always stops me from going!! 
Leaving amarillo, tx. I had the best dream about taylor swift last night. But I woke up sad, because I realized it was just a dream 
Bad dreams make me wish you were hereee  hah
is it only a wounderful dream !? 
@darrenhayes errr ruin my dreams why don't you  I thought you were keen on it at one point? Why not?
I had the worst dream a person can possibly have. 
goodbye bond street dreams 
@jonasbrothers you guys were in my dream last night. i miss you 
Jules just had a bad dream and has woke up quickely  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6822451
i hate stress dreams 
just another night another dream wasted on you 
I wish my dream come true. I wish I wish I wish. 
1000 dreams and desire.. 0 execution 
@clarionjulie don't look at it, you'll ruin your dreams 
@drunkstepfather ....you ruined all my hopes and dreams 
I dont want to eat and I think and breath this woman. She thinks my thoughts and talks my dreams and ive never experience this before! 
Bad dreams suck 
woke up late because of a dream in which i had to do sth important... 
at work for 4 1/2 more hours. I had a dream where i met some really nice people, i woke up and was sad that it was only a dream 
 nightmares about blowing up in a van with my family. i hate dreams.
just finally woke myself from a horrible and realist dream. It will not make work fun. 
21yrs of dreaming,might just be that a dream 
had an amazingly wonderful dream 2day, didn't want to wake up 
nick must've been having a bad dream when i woke up. he was tossing and turning and banging his fists on the mattress. 
@yodaspimpcane @fetchmemyshoes i had some really really trippy dreams and you guys were there! it made me miss you guys more 
When I fell asleep it plagued my dreams. 
I just woke up from the scariest dream  wow
i hate when i wake up crying from a dream that felt so real but it was a good dream 
I had this ridiculous horrible dream last night. blahhh 
I had a really cool dream last night but I don't remember a thing... Not happy 
I had the most amazing dream I'm so sad my alarm clock ruined it 
I had the most awful dream I could probably ever have last night. 
I had this weird ass dream that woke me up 
I don't like bad dreams 
I can't believe i had a bad dream! 
It rained this morning but I thought it was a dream because I woke up and it was sunny. sad 
- curiousity killed the cat... so much for wishing for the dream job... 
@CaitlinChaden noooooo!!!!!!!!! damn... there go my dreams  lol
off to work....  got woken up during the best dream i've ever had 
@thomasfiss LOL. I had a dream and you were in it! but kkinda worthless cos I forgot it! 
goodnight! sweet dreams. sleep well. :* it's been raining all day... dchool on monday.  bye! sweet dreams.
some dreams just can't come true 
how about i want to see ftsk acoustic, it is my dream. well, going to my brothers graduation. 
Another horrible dream 
@ddlovato I'm trying to reach my dreams, but it seems impossible  any advice?
bad dreams blow 
I have decided that I don't like dreams...when they're bad 
@flynt35 cuz they get into my dreams 
AT&amp;T crushed my dreams. 
i wish i would.  i never have dreams anyway.
*sigh*  sweet dreams guys......
i'm sad   i can't reach my dream!! it's impossible
I say I am dreamer...I am not sure where are my dreams heading towards! 
I hate having nightmares or bad dreams about someone.  They're ridiculous!
just had a bad dream. Can I sleep in your bed? 
ahhhhh i just had a really bad dream and now i cant sleep 
-dies- I had the best dream ever last night and my dad just woke me up. 
i dreamt a scary dream  hahahaha
i hate it when my alarm ends my beautiful dream 
I wish I didn't have more than my share of nightmares. I wish dreams where I'm violated or contaminated with bugs would stop. 
u are a never ending dream... but i miss u baby 
kept waking up M last night because I yelled during my bad dreams. 
i had a reeeally weird scary dream last night!! 
had the scariest dream last night because i thought it was real 
I had a dream that i yanked off my silver bracelet and broke it. I guess it was reality? 
Hopes that no more weird dreams tonight. Have to get up early tomorrow! 
Hatees the dream she dreamth 
sometimes I think that dream will never come  
No good dreams 
I had a dream I pissed off Adrian on our wedding day and he walked away from me. I was crying.  I need a hug now.
eating a pickle,i have really stupid-past memory  dreams 
i just remembered i had a dream that i had the prettiest blazers. but i dont 
@ddlovato that would be my dream 
concert was amazing! but im very tired right now  sweet dreams!
The dream I had, a simple fantasy that I wish was reality. 
found the firebird of my dreams... if only i had $7,000 to spare 
@joebest66 my lover is far away  only in dreams
I hate it when you're in the middle of an awesome dream and somethin wakes you. Then you really wana see how the dream ends but you can't 
hopes her dream is wrong  http://plurk.com/p/yytpw
i need support for my dream  ( acting)
@stePRINCE LOL! Where were you guys? I want a hug.  Why wasn't I in the dream? :@
@likeafearless me too  that was an unreal day.. it was a dream, a dream come true.. it was the best! that day made me soo happy
@mdowney Only in our dreams 
i was a dreamer before you went and let me down 
they totally killed my dream fuckin dream killers  goin to see angels n demons ::sigh::
ugh, i want to have my dream accomplished already 
I miss you  good night and sweet dreams
i want the sims 3  stupid indian man killed my dream.
I had the most hilarious dream last night. wish I could go back to it. 
dont you just hate it when you have a really nice dream and then you wake up and realise it wasnt real 
Wow had a horrible dream that I was in the middle of a set at a major club &amp; I'd forgotten how 2 mix.....What a nightmare 
@MONicaGalang dude i just had a dream that we went to vegas to see friend/ur jaeboo and his pals. lmao i so wish it wasn't a dream... 
trying to do chores - i'm nearly finished - in my dreams 
I had the BEST dream this night, I was soo happy, then I got sad when I woke up and realized that it was just a dream  .
I hate bad dreams 
@StephenLacy I love it when i've cool dreams, unfortunately i'm one of those people that usually forget my dreams an hour after i wake up 
woke up early today had a bad dream best friend died in it couldn't fall back to sleep 
@JessieOnline o it could  he might be like your my dream girl  o but wait  you have a cold 
awake. had a dream of us together. i miss you 
I just woke up. I had a terrible dream. 
eugh reaccuring dreams are no fun 
I had the worst dream ever last night. I miss jake 
had a horrible dream about @justenn and remi 
@markhoppus  only in dreams 
i lost my voice  glad the years almost over.... starting to get randomly sad.... had THE strangest dream last night.
Wish I was one of them because it's my dream. 
@MarisaErlbacher Ahh i had a dream with her 
....he invaded my dreams again last night. 
had the BEST dream about @JMatthewFlyzik and @AlexAllTimeLow and then amanda woke me up!! i was sooo mad  best dream ever though!
good morning twittas..im up early,and had a wonderful dream..or should I say a nightmare 
I had a bad dream  I hate getting dese dreams again.
I have a dream, but it is impossible and will never happen, just like all of my dreams, they are all impossible 
Also made a rare apprearance in ma dream this morning...I was just about to give up my feeling towards him 
i had a very nice dream about a certain person, but then i woke up. 
just waking up from the most wonderful dream. i hate when that happens 
@gryffindorgal87 indeed. but...matthew lewis. that counts as making out with neville longbottom right? lol. i have odd-kward dreams. 
The dream didn't last long 
@abeschwartz it wasn't but I spent most of the dream being upset &amp; trying not to tell him.he was like dude it's my best work ever! 
I think I might cry. The #apprentice dream is over for another year 
@MISSRAINY the dream 
woke up from a bad dream  skeletons! waaaaaa
I was having an awesome dream  and then his phone was beeping in my dream just kidding it was mine in real life lol
Just woke up from a bad dream 
maybe when I wake up totally, it will have been a dream or even a really bad nightmare...i'll take either 
is awake. and had a horrible dream 
why do i wake up before i need to? i have 30 min left but i just couldnt let myself rest....no dreams btw 
@andyclemmensen but i wont and dat makes me depressed  i only get to c u in my dreams,i had the best dream last nite u were the star XD xx
I hate bad dreams. I so rarely ever dream because of my effed up sleep cycles. I hope that this isn't a sign of reality. 
fell asleep again but is now awake. had a scary dream. 
I hate bad dreams 
@SinnamonLove I'm ready to go home  been here for 6 years now and am starting to have mundane dreams about simple shit @ home.
@Chersie i love sock dreams, but when you convert the cost they're like $60. 
baaaaack to work  still holding onto my dream of ditching this place and working at barnes and noble
it`s all just a short dream. never see that comimg. it turned my smile  :'(
@Kameshvari I love bizarre dreams. Unfortunately, though, I don't care for sweet relish 
I would share my dream but both @AnastasiaLoxley and @owenrcwmaber would roll their eyes and laugh at me  xx
waking up to realize last night wasnt a dream 
I'm sick.  but i had a really cool dream last night. 
just had the creepiest dream... now off to eat my last meal 
I was just woken up by the most terrible dream ever 
Oh god, i had a dream last night that they found madeline mccann and she was alive. 
I had a bad dream last night. 
I had one of those dreams last night where I met a guy and fell in love with him. When I wake up, I really really want him to be real. 
Whenever i have dreams about driving, i'm a reeeeeally bad driver 
I'm sick of having really weird, scary dreams 
I just woke up from a very realistic dream...I am quite disappointed that it wasn't real. 
@LesleyChang well in my dreams it wasnt scary but one site had over 1000 errors  lol
had such a long and scary dream 
I had two of the craziest dreams last night 
i wish i didnt wake up, i was having an amazing dream. i wish it were true. 
crap. i barely slept 2 hours and im awake.  I had a bad dream  but i never have bad dreams so that is soooo weird. im going back to sleep!
damn, why horseback riding tours are that expensive  I have a new dream! http://bit.ly/pyVPh
That was a horrible dream. I'm too scared to sleep now  crazy killers 
just got up  was having such a good dream. why'd it have to end??
'why'd they teach me to follow my dreams when dreams are all they can be?' too true 
I just had the saddest dream ever 
jonas brothers tix are sold out  there goes that dream...
@Coolkidstar08  i had a dream about you last night
Stressin', havin crazy dreams 
weird dreams while napping 
#haveyouever tried to fulfill your dreams ... but failed hardcore?  
goodbye to my wagon of dreams... 
One of my weird dreams came true and that was cool.  Nothing scarey about that dream, but that elevator dream was creepy.  
I hate not sleeeping  stupid bad dreams
Bad dream  that whole sleeping thing
Bad dream  that whole sleeping thing, not happening.
I wish I could stop shaking. I hate scary dreams 
too tiredd. ugh. no lucid dreams for me! 
after the worst dream last night i find myself stupidly saying i miss having a boyfriend. soooo much. even if i hated him. 
I had a bad dream about zombies. 
worst. dream. ever. srsly freaked out 
why r dreams so fucked up @shanedawson it scares me sometimes 
Such messed up dreams 
I realized tht dreaming always leaves me more tired than before I slept! 
waking up this morning was reallllly hard.  And i had the worst dream  #squarespace
I like when you have a dream with a hot guy. What i don't like is when you wake up from that dream and there is no hot guy around.  if ...
literally begging my manager to let me finish at 5 so i can get to kasabian gig on time. her expression is telling me 'in your dreams' 
is fed up of insomnia and bad dreams, so much research to do and i just want to be in the sun 
Bad dreams! All morning 
I had a dream dat i got 2 do it. I woke up realizing it was nothing 
4 nights 4 weird dreams suuuuper weird! 
@patrickross aw, no!  what happened in that dream of death? i've been having dreams in which i get kidnapped! D:
just woke up from the worst dream ever 
@christinearchie I didn't either!!! I had a dream last night... But no one exciting was in it. 
Goodmorning, I had a hella ugly dream 
Never thought my dream would die and be wasted.. 
Most of the time, I have good dreams or just some really weird dreams. But last night, I didn't dream. Only nightmares... 
Just had a bad dream...wish is not really happening 
why did my mother wake me up i was having the best dream ever lol i literally want to cry right now 
 feeling down. reality is setting in. i know i should be beyond this point. why am i still here? i want to follow my dreams but im scared
wishing all of this would of been a bad dream i miss you so much daddy 
I hate bad dreams 
What am I not doing? I'm going to sleep, I don't want to have another terrible dream like I did last night. 
Who give me a macbook?  will be a dream come true...
my book did not interpret what my massage meant in my dream  but the bible meansi have moral standards... and stay true.
@mcclorybrin  aww i was sleeping untill mom woke me up   sweet dream of me
I don't want to go bed but I probably should. Gnight!! I really hope I have an amazing dream that I remember! I never remember my dreams 
 your leaving me? ok well goodnigt. sweet dreams mi amor.
Just dreamt the worst dream i think i've ever had 
@keithfries   Fine ~ but you can't stop my dreams ;p
@vanessalcurtis you should read up on dreams about losing your teeth, my roomate used to have them and apparently it was a huge deal 
Bad dream- now I can't sleep. This is the worst 
@helepon I can never remember dreams 
just woke up from a bad dream 
Another series of screwed up dreams AND it's raining? No wonder I dislike mornings. 
wow I just had the worst horror dream ever.  I don't want to go back to sleep.
Is going to bed to bask in her lovely dreams.  p.s I'm sorry babycakes 
Auuug it wasn't a bad dream... 
I had a bad dream. It amazes me how something not real can ruin your day 
I pretty much had the worst dream ever last night 
I just had  the scarriest dream ever 
HUHU telat pulang gk ntn american dreams dehhhh 
had a really good dream...but then I woke up. 
I just had the scariest dream ever.  
I had a dream i met my soul mate.  &lt;3
damn it happened again  I am telling you they are stalking my dreams!
@kristenlyn i have dreams about her all the time. 
crying for my destiny 
i had a scary dream anout natalie last night 
Just had the best dream ever and it felt so real. I hate that I woke up 
dream, why cant you be real?... 
So like, I had this dream last night, that i tried to shoot my self in the mouth, nothing happened then  i tried to die using cable tie 
didn't nightmare, just a very very bad dream, mainly due to my appalling behaviour in it 
@workboots mmeehh my dream will never come true 
i am starting to think that my dream is tooo big... 
@nickjonas do u think i can reach 2 of my dreams one of them is going pretty good but the other isn't  what should i do!
Dreaming of my dream guy........I knw who I want its almost impossible for me to him tho.....damn r&amp;b artists 
@officialTila I had a dream I met you last night! But I woke up right you walked up to me.  I was sad.
vacation. Just a dream 
@freighttrainn I'm sorry. my dream interpretations weren't meant to be serious 
I just had a dream I wasn't shitting..... then I woke up 
It was just a dream 
what a strangely angry dream! it made me so furious it actually woke me up! 
praying that i have a dream (hopefully jobro related) cuz i havent had one in so long 
@Selestina118 I saw that thread. Not a good dream at all 
Forget about those creepy bad dreams! I cant even sleep very well... 
also, good dream last night and good dream when i took a nap yesterday. then i woke up. shitty. 
so i had this crazy dream that my bass was going to fire me and when i got to work she told me i had been replaced and should go home.. 
so i had this crazy dream that my boss was going to fire me and when i got to work she told me i had been replaced and should go home.. 
I had a very bad dream last night. 
ugh just had a dream about him. now he is on my mind when i don't want him to be. this is hard 
http://twitpic.com/7pksw - i had an amazing dream sterling knight was my boyfriend, he was so cute! now i'm awake 
I had a dream I was shot, died, and was all  because I couldn't figure out how to stalk the guys in korea as a ghost. :/
Ugh, i meant to  say that i had beautiful dreams.  I just wish they were real... 
kinda sleepy. had a really bad dream 
I had a terrible dream last night! 
@modivad@collegiate84 i had a bad dream last night 
I had a horrible dream....  
Bad dreams suck 
Why do dreams have to end? I was flying. 
just woke up....had a very disturbing dream 
just woke up. i cant believe it was just a dream 
well they just told me that my grandma has lung cancer and for her i gave up my oportunity for my dream i hope you get better 
if i fight, my dreams 'come true. but there're so many, it's diffucult to stand out.. 
@gamerbabe360 I had the same dream, but I'm waiting to tell him until we are both home. I'm sorry yours was mad 
@4dluvofmoney i know more dream songs than you, kid...so shush! *&amp;. i mean as far as live streams..you lied to me 
I had a weird dream. i dont rembr it now, i just rembr the feeling i had. i woke up ready to cry. 
Usually when I have dreams and tell people about them, they don't happen. So how come my accident dream came true tonight? 
@ashhleyx3 aww, if its as sad as the pursuit of happyness i probablyyy will 
i just experienced the 1st time of falling asleep and waking up screaming because of bad dreams. my dream was about colt 
@majornelson There goes my dreams of one day becoming @maj0rnels0n 
I keep having dreams about @gregjames so I feel like I know him. But I don't.  Lame.
I'm starting to think maybe I should find me a new dream...It's beginning to sink in that music's just not gonna happen for me  So many...
why cant i just have my dream come true? 
 i just had a bad dream and now i'm afraid to go back to sleep. 
@imalexevans i like dreams  :] but they never make sense   
what a horrible couple of dreams I had 
bad dreams are no fun 
is crying herself to sleep--only to wake up from having dreams of crying 
Just woke up. I wrote this incredible song in my dreams; too bad i can't remember a thing about it 
My dreams never come true....the only one who can help me will never help me 
@Kmconard very funny dream about material we could use BUT i dont remember my dreams haha 
I had an awful dream 
had the best dream ever but never got to finish it 
Just woke up to a bad dream hopefully it never comes true 
So tired... but had a bad dream, and I can't go back to sleep. 
had a dream about inventory 
just woke up. had two dreams with him in it....i just wish those dreams could actually come true 
dreams , dreams oh yeah , and more dreams (U) !  ; i feel something inside that this tell me that i love you 
hmsdpifjsd@#$@#$ crappy dreams! I don't want vacation to be over 
so hot  this is how much @soompi is on my mind lately- i have dreams about working.
rest until the morning I love to sleep sleep now sleep and dream dreams dream with him 
just woke up, i had a weird dream (my boss on it! damn!) ok, i think i need to write my articles. 
I had a terrible dream last night... 
You're still in my dreams 
and even in my dream I still felt so bad cuz I know ur married  and the dream was one of those that felt so real I woke up sweating!
@jordanknight &amp; even in my dream I still felt so bad cuz I know ur married  &amp; the dream was oneadoze dat felt so real I woke up sweating
Ugh i feel like my dreams are right in front of me and i just cant grab them 
Walao, I want continue my dream. 
SCREAM + 2:30 AM = bad dreams/ not a good combination!!!! 
i had a dream last night and i went to london.. only if it was true 
@mileycyrus my dream [You write in my twitter] never comme true 
whoa! a bad dream again..! 
I keep having dreams which make me really sad when I have to wake up 
Hadded a bad dream 
with you in the dream rum through the fields  i hope my dream comes true
is up...later than anticipated but i had a scawee dream 
@nickjonas i had a dream about you last night :L. ahh how i wish i could meet you..  *sigh* x
I had a really good, real dream that I got to play drums with paramore on tour. It was awesome! Then I woke up 
boooo rain  woke up to dreams of break ups  blah
i hate when you wake up early because you had a bad dream and cant fall back asleep 
@mzstokes   sorry... I guess it doesn't count I was giving u advice in my dream?? lol
when my good dreams seem real.. that's okay.. but when you have a nightmare and you wake up believing it- not cool! 
I was about to rescue a little girl in my dream when my alarm went off 
@Jasontylerxx I kno, right?!? It was like a childhood dream come true!!! xD but i already left  rofl
@oliviamunn I had a dream last night that I met you..and then I woke up and I tried to pretend I was still sleeping but it didn't work 
@ddlovato aw I love those dreams 
@ddlovato I have had that happen b4, you wake up from the most amazing dream, then try to finish it, but u can't 
No dream last night. 
I had a dream last night that i met @realjohngreen but sadly i didnt get to meet @ecogeek 
@ddlovato we all have those kind of dreams 
I want to go back to my dream 
everytime i fall asleep my dreams are haunted 
I too had a dream I didn't want to wake up from . 
no gore-filled dreams, just bunny-filled nightmares 
helloo! just had the best dream but woke up to find it wasnt real  -nicki
had a series of really, really bad dreams. 
I hate having dreams to remind me of you. I miss harley q 
Mhm....i want to help you so much...but i'm just a dreamer. 
I just woke up from the worst dream 
I just woke up  I hate when I have to cut a dream short but I do need to go to work..
@ddlovato My biggest fear is... well... don't reach my dreams, I think 
why can't my dreams become reality? totally stuck in a rut. 
@shari dashing my hopes and dreams, you are. 
@little_d1976  apoligies, i wasnt ruining ur dreams just keepin them relistic haha
Bad dreams....woke me up &amp; still feeling wobbly 
4th day nightmare dreams 
i wish i could tape my dreams, best dream in a long time, why did it have to be a dream?  lol
@KTWojo that is so sad. But dreams can become true hers was just in time 
People expect to much. You try to live up to expectations, until it crushes you and leaves you in a wreck of broken dreams. 
@vivialnl i had a dream about jesse mccartney. he rejects me even in my dreams and of course in life. 
Shit..those dreams from the other night are coming back in my mind 
emm... wondering why some dreams could never come true .. 
@Mommykins41  if you are off to bed then, sweet dreams to you. ~hugs~
I dont know about sleeping... I had a bad dream last night 
Yikes...bad dream! I'm sacred to go back to sleep. 
@tastypopsundae fuck you, my dreams were really fucking scary. like, beyond what was in the movies. and I couldn't wake up 
damn jus saw my dream boys twitpic he's so phuckin sexy I wish he was up 
@nyramohamad then thats a dreamy dream! HAHA. i miss you! 
wonders why she kept on having weird feelings/dreams nowadays 
@ddlovato i wish i could come   its going to be like a dream come true !!!
All of it felt like a dream, and i didn't want it to end 
dude. that was a weird dream? husband- you never..  never mind- going back to sleep.
okay..... Now what?? I wish that the dream was true 
I have been having the scariest dreams ever tonighr 
I hate having bad dreams that wake me up 
Most annoying dream ever. It's all your fault 
I have ansomnia   I can only sleep when I'm fucked up, but as soon as I'm sober my dreams go insane and I wake up. and then can't go back.
had a really bad dream 
I hate you brain  big stupid gay dream. blaaaaah.
No dreams last night 
Another bad dream 
My new bras fit like a dream .. been wearing the wrong size 
I wish I had a nice dream 2night, not bad dream againn 
i was devastated!!  but just a dream to bad it wasnt just.....ya know one of those!
I hate waking up from a dream &amp; feeling like the person is really mad at me.... 
I just had a really bad dream 
@lowlyy hey! why you don't want it anymore?  journalism's my dream since.. ever, i guess o.o' i just come, so still seems cool :p
@KatWinsYouLose yes, he's the turd burglar, i never knew how it went down. i can't be mad if he shits himself cause a bad dream 
@ColieM0nster atleast the bad dream is over 
@WandaMoosejaw I guess our europe vacation dream is shattered..  You know what I mean..
@ourladyanna i'm glad you had good dreams...i had terrible ones that woke me up super pissed off.... 
@ddlovato Why you never answer me?  I really want to talk with you...my biggest dream is that I meet you  but it's not possible (
crushed dreams that is. they only get one chance  awww i just made myself sad
@cameronreilly  The dream analysis could be troubling...
Best dream ever!  I dreamt i won the harry potter premier tickets, i was so excited... And then i woke up   but it was still a amazing ...
i had a good dream I wish I could have continued 
I just had the craziest dream. It was twilight related and bella wasn't a vampire and she died... 
I really need to keep a dream journal because I forget them so fast 
Trying to get my butt out of bed, luckily my bad dreams are pretty much scaring me up. 
had a bad dream last night... why cant i get you out of my head? 
to work n so I helped @ludajuice out n thentried to call him l8r in the dream to an answer  o well mac was nice w gold detailin lol
@alicee_ grrrrrrr alice  i shall never live my dream 
But that was just a dream. That was just a dream. 
flying like a butterfly above the rainbow...*dream*.....very unhappy 
@ryanduenas  you just shitted on my dream.
Just awoke from a terrible dream 
@Destriiiiii the dream only when someone stabbed a syringe into my leg. it was horrible  booo to injury dreams!!!
I found one way of avoiding bad dreams at night--don't go to sleep. 
@POWPUNCH I dont, it's a figment from my brain, an imaginary friend...I wish one day I'll realize that dream 
@PATisDOPE a lot. Some of my dreams didn't come tru 
@dreamer_17 i knowww 
my dream sucked. i just realized something. 
I can't sleep  keep on having this wierd dream...
I had a dream I turned straight last night ... If only life was so fair! 
@shannnn0n I hate dreams. I always think they are real, and then when I wake up and realize they weren't I get pissed or depressed. 
has woken up with a banging hedache after her horrible dream 
So troubled about my dream  ...
i miss him, that was the most important bit of the dream. 
@bigbouquet Ah, being late dreams, those are awful.  I have a horrible suspicion I'll be having school dreams till the day I die... 
been awake too long and just now realizing, bam lights out~ hopefully no more f4cked reminiscent dreams 
ugh. i hate bad dreams. 
 worst dream ever
I just had the best dream EVER. It was so vivid and sweet!! I'm mad I had to get up from it. I know I'll never have the same dream again 
Hey twitz I had a crazy dream..but I woke up from it b4 I got to the good part.. 
Just woke up and had bad dreams 
I had a wonderful dream *__*  But I dont dreamed finish...I want to know the end of my dream.. 
- I hate waking up when you're in the middle of the best dream ever 
another night of scary dreams 
shitty dream 
I had like 5 dreams last night..can't remember any of them.. 
Wish i could go swimming....but that dream was shot down 
@KrisyM_8 {my dream} everyone was there..okay i'm lying .. it was only him..:$...lol why do i even try liein to myself 
I had the strangest &amp; scariest dream last night. 
@jenbjoyce is that a new live the dream promotion? No more details 
ahhh I just woke up &amp; I had the worst dream ever well more like a nightmare! 
realizes my dreams in life are becomin just that...dreams 
Why can't my dreams be real? 
....why is he always in my dreams.........  
i just had a dream that edward cullen was in love with me. and then i woke up in the middle of it  hahah pathetic
Going to bed so goodnight everyone  and sweet dreams  http://twitpic.com/2y2e0
A fair goodnight sweet Twitters. Have pleasing dreams and a restful slumber. 
@JamesARay It's good to be in your dreams. 
Haha sweet dreams followers and friends ...  &lt;3 sour nightmares twinklers x)
@zergmoney tweet dreams 
i have just been woken up grrr was having a nice dream too 
sooooo, I had a **dream** that I was at mile 92 of a 100miler....wonder what this means, lol!!  #dream #ultra
@bbc_dream737 morning dream bugg  whatsup?
@cmykdorothy I've had the dream once where my teeth fell out; lol re: women's conference 
had a very nice dream last night. 
@rianlim for dreams to come true. 
night night world. tomorrow is a brand new day and a brand new opportunity to make make your dreams come true . sweetest dreams 
@MussoMitchel I can't wait or another contest..it's like my dream to win somethig with your autograph 
had a dream about may 1st  woke up with a sore throat. fml.
@epiphanygirl destiny  !
sleeping... not really. well, going to sleep, more likely.   sweet dreams ppl! 
g'night tweeterss! have sweet dreams &lt;3  -  im off 
@LovesBrooklyn2 g'night, sweet dreams for you... 
The (newly) blonde bombshell is signing off and heading to greener pastures - at least where my dreams are concerned 
goodnite all. sweet dreams. 
is bedtime off to have sweet dreams and beautiful nightmares!!!!! 
@MyNameIsIngrid not me, I had a great dream 
When you have sexy and flirty dreams you always wake with a smile 
@officialTila  *dreams*
@heidimontag hey i love reading your updates  u are living my dream, you are just so gorgeous heidi!!
@koola Never experienced that at night, but I've woken up, fallen back asleep, had a long dream then woken up and it's only 10 mins later 
going to sleep soon... good night and sweet dream  
It's true... I have the best dreams 
@cleolinda What the hell did you drink before you went to bed to have a dream like that?!!  
just talked to prince charming, sweet dreams birdies 
@emilyosment09 once upon a dream, and i don't think about it are reaLLy great songs..  
going to sleep now. I hope i have a weird dream! 
5 am. Raindrops on the roof. Kitties are having sweet dreams. I'm going back to bed. 
very funny dream when i did actually go to bed. 
@mrfire No wonder I felt your presence in my dreams last nite.... 
@youcollme g'nite, tweet dreams 
sweet dreams twitter 
@scribblegurl Night sweetie, sweet dreams and sleep well 
@just_reva all the best for fulfilling ur dream soon! 
@HawaiiRealty if I could purr, I would.   this man is off 2 dream of pristine waterfalls &amp; other visions of a'ina now.  thanks &amp; rest well
@revolutionaren hiii, how r u doing? would u share ur dream with me... if u dont mind... 
 off to bed; maybe sweet dreams? its pretty outside.
@ClaudeKelly Have sweet dreams you deserve it!!! thanks for your talent 
To achieve the impossible dream, try going to sleep. night night.. sweet dreams 
aww !! lame-o burritto !!!  goood night !! sweet wet dreams !! lol
goodnight sweet dreams 
sweet dreams 
i have a teen dream  
@bunker she's playing didgeridoo while you are twittering ?  Sounds like a geeks wet dream ... 
@selenagomez had this dream we hung out together and you were very cool to be with!  (I am sure that is what is like in person)
blessed! another day another dream 
@2NiteBoy what was your dream about? 
@lucascruikshank nope, just a dream about you helping me stop a bomb from going off lol 
once upon a dream - emily osment  what a cute song!
had a dream that i was tan... 
@dream_theater I am getting ready for the evening 
@courtneymariee court!! what are you and jas doin in my dreams!? gtfo pleassee haha. it was bomb though, we were all chillin. 
weirdest dream ever xD why do all americans have a gun?! and @trvsbrkr I am really not a thief 
@bloodyironist Meee pleasee! For a dreamwidth code if you still have any  *pets you* sweet dreams! &lt;3
@organicsue sweet dreams dear 
says good night and sweet dream folks 
@jaymiealyson have a horrifying dreams jmie  lol
chatting... organising a sleepover with the man of my dreams  luvyouliamxx
@abigaelettuce No probs at all, I totally meant what I said.   And good night, sweet dreams! ;)
is further figuring out what she wants. dream build! 
@JonathanRKnight *wave* we got it already .......sweet dreams 
Wow...I just knocked my head into my comp screen...I must be tired...damn...I guess I'll see you in my dreams...  
M-m-m-morninggg  boy did I have some weird dreams last night :/
I had a great dream .... dreams do come true 
@legallyungeeky in my dreams they would.. professor seem to enjoy toying with us though - its just something we all have to live with. 
@taylorswift13 dont take the dream to seriously, i never doo  what was it about x
@taylorswift13 - I hope your okaay, with your dreams  i hate odd dreams. peeace onn x
@taylorswift13 taylor, you can dream! You're a big artist and you can do your dreams reality 
mmh, it's nice to have a nice dream... maybe it becomes reality 
@vanitaapplebum I am so tired of dreaming I am ready to see some reality..  
@taylorswift13 do we get to know about this dream? 
@Crevek I always have dreams with strange messages. 
I'm going to sleep, niteynite twitters. Have a nice dream 
@AstrologerMaria lol, well at least you will be awake for your dreams 
@dream0176 lol that's too funny!  
best day ever... you're a dream come true... loveyou 
going to bed  good night &amp; sweet dreams :*
Sleeeeeeepppyyy time  sweet sweet sweet dreams lovies
So happy abt my dreams... hope my dreams really come true 
Night Tweeples... sweet dreams 
if i dont know you, im blocking you. trying to go to sleep but its not working out for me. class in the a.m.  sweet dreams
sweet dreams sugarplums 
@mony_  You should stop it when you'll have dreams (or nightmares) of tweets! 
sweet dreams  zZz
@SuzieWong2 good nite.. hot dreams.. LOL 
@txvisionary sweet dreams 
guess ill be callin it an early nite... sweet dreams out there 
i just had the weirdest dream ever and can't see because owi credo is too brighi. But i hate guys 
@Shazmir b/c you catnapped...cats always have weird dreams 
sweet dreams 
good night people   sweet dreams
i had a dream last night, and i was singing  first avid dream of myself crooning away!
sweet dreams! 
i had a vivid dream last night! i was crooning away 
sweet nk dreams love you all 
@johncmayer ur really the sweetest person ever! thanks for making everyone's dreams come true..(p.s) my dream is for u 2twitter me back  x
@stefanz i have a weird subconscience. i wonder who will i dream next 
@MattGhere Ahhh the cameras are all over you. lol. Congrats, you're living the dream 
exhausted 0_0 bahaha  living the dream!! )
i had the best dream last night. i had a really cute puppy 
is going to sleep and dream with @dylanefron 
@hollywilli  ahha sweet dreams 
@KellMorgan sweet dreams?  going to bed already?  wow, early 
ok night to every one, and sweet dreams. 
I wish my dream would come true 
Bad dreams and nightmares :// i wish odisseous maximus the great was in my room 
gooodnight twits  sweat dreams
snooze-time.  sweet dreams all...  
@rosskie until we know what that dream was about - yes 
last night i had the best dream ever. i hope the same happens tonight 
@hxs8812 hari just found his dream girl....  finally.....  even if she exists in fiction ;)
had a dream about being in a kung-fu movie!  epiccc. and yes, since it was my dream, i kicked some arse!!!! lol
@philipwang @thewesleychan have a good nights rest  sweet dreams 
Happiness is the point at which childlike dreams coincide with adult expectations . . . sounded good when I said it 
gettin ready to watch my dreams in high def! 
id stay away from any sexy dreams though 
@dreamhampton peace dream. 
sweet dreams world 
sweet dreams 
says Only in their dreams could men be truly free t'was always thus and always thus will be.  http://plurk.com/p/uauio
@Johonoknat that's the dream, doing what you love 
@Azizco910 haha fair enough. well, when you get back to sleep, sweet dreams 
Always on my mind, always in my dreams 
@daveydarko you party animal! lol sweet dreams.  do you get these replies from me since you don't follow me? let me know if you don't. ha!
good morning! i had a wonderful dream 
@kimberley_ was a good dream  then got woken up by phone  dammit.
Just woke up from the strangest dream... But i liked it  lolol
I call this fate, fairytale ending - here we come 
Is it weird that I keep having the same dream. And if u knew what it was...hahaha 
Sometimes I feel like I'm living in a dream. 
@princeofpirates LOL re dream.  You're such a nerd 
@chrisstokes1969 goodnight!  sweet dreams!
@CoconutBeaches  Follow your dreams! 
Off to bed, gnite tweeps....sweet dreams to all 
sweet dreams twitterbugs 
@TheRealJordin aww....i can't wait to buy your cd! i know you worked so hard for it! good night! sweet dreams 
wonders if the awesomness last night that was trivium was all just a dream 
Going to bed, sweet dreams tweeties. 
I'm going to bed, goodnite ya'll, sweet dreams!! 
1 more thing. This day was not a nightmare after all. It turned out to be a.. dream? Haha. 
@Liannalives Sweet dreams 
@Simply_Positive SSSSSSssssssssssssweet dreams  SSssssssssusan...  hahaha! 
just did some studying. now waiting for my babe to cal me to say sweet dreams 
@ceayou goodnight!! =D sweet gokey dreams 
@SabrinaDee good night, have a sweet dreams 
@MYIDOLTOWN goodnight  sweet gokey dreams 
And i'm living the dream, quotation marks forgotten to be inserted 
@madonnalover in my dreams I drive her around in her maybach 
@travln1 ummmmm that is one messed up dream 
Earthquakes in my dreams 
tday was really busy but pretty good.  i hate my hs, but i love my life. good night twitterland. sweet dreams 
hopefully having sweet sweet dreams about my boy 
@amandaperson: niiiight  dream sweetly.
@natalieannem you fancy nick, so i am allowed to have dreams where i deny joe. 
my dream last night: my boyfriend.. driving a helicopter! now he can fly in dreams! 
tweet dreams 
tummy feels funny...ugh. time for bed. sweet dreams tweeps 
@artistic_dreams haha no need to kid   if it's true it's true and recognizing your rockness is the first step to greatness 
@ChrystinaGrace goodnight gorgeous.. i hope sweet dreams find you 
@janakiramm That is a dream 
Amazing dreams last night. Now all that's left is to make them come true. 
@snow_whitex napping can lead to immense dream funnage 
my biggest dream is to be famous as actress 
@fherchie yesterday i had a dream of Davidn i'm havin a lot of dreams of him lately lol 
had a dream where i was the new character in TAITV. and i got kidnapped like @siskybusiness...good dream 
@xiape sweet 2wheel dreams bro 
 smile. that's what i'm doing. i'm shining and blooming because i'm so happy.  i just wanna dream of happy thoughts forever.  hahaha!
I had a good dream last night! Finally 
@SinaB77 I hope my dreams come true.... only for once 
i had a dream last night that i was pregnant with twins 
@orcish_dreams The name's familiar.  Yes, I remember. It's been a while.
@bizzylittlebee most of my dreams involve me being that farmboy 
sweet dreams, twits! 
@kelsey_duryee sweet dreams princess 
@rockentry  good nite...are you eyes closed now?    sweet dreams !
finally going to bed!! good night, everybody.  sweet dreams
@pollypeachum sweet dreams 
He can be a sweet dream or a beautiful nightmare...either way I don't want to wake up from him.... G00DNiTE. 
deeply dreaming....will i see you there?  sweet dreams, all!
@lilmiss_xo lol YaY!!!! ight goodnight sweet dreams sweetie 
undefeated....goodnight and sweet dreams 
Gnite world, sweet dreams!!!  
My dog was just having a dream LOL so funny 
is going to sleep...sweet dreams  &lt;3
@ItalianaBella81 sweet dreams 
Going to sleeeeep. Sweeeeet dreams twittererers. 
Nitey nite tweeps... dream of me. And ill dream of twittering 
@SdPriceless it's like a dream if I Could I'd stary here forever  &amp; if you're into fashion it's even better all is touched by it 
@fabfatties night. sweet dreams 
@Balcor sweet dreams to u my friend 
@moanyboot it's good to be home   my favourite dream is where I can fly on my own.
goodnight tweeps  sweet dreams
@Airrun those who have lucid dreams. 
Bullshit bullshit...at least I have my dreams  goodnight
@StDAY Haha. I will dream about you winning. That's a pretty sweet dream.  
You may find that youo are already rich beyond your wildest dreams!!! 
My night just ended right wit some pretty wingsssss pwpwpwpwpwpw! sweet dreams twitterlings! 
