Most common words for this cluster:
[('dvd', 434), ('cd', 355), ('dvds', 56), ('player', 55), ('i', 49), ('quot', 41), ('cds', 37), ('amp', 31), ('disc', 29), ('today', 27), ('com', 25), ('lol', 23)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'DVD', 0.9019166231155396), (u'CD', 0.8658826351165771), (u'DVDs', 0.7553554177284241), (u'disc', 0.7407731413841248), (u'dvd', 0.7375289797782898), (u'CDs', 0.7293733358383179), (u'blank_recordable_CD', 0.711906373500824), (u'discs', 0.7027983665466309), (u'Dvd', 0.6954160332679749), (u'Blu_Ray', 0.6795077919960022)]





@penndbad send me the DVD cos I have missed out on heaps  NOT happy about that!
@KishoreK this is strange, illegal torrents avlbl everywhere, legal DVD not in stock  What do I do now???
@nicolerichie yes! we had the VHS. i cried when the old man died 
@nicolerichie: Haha. Yeah, they were that band from MMC! I used to have a CD, but I lost it. 
@corienb Kutner's gone?? Really have to see the new episodes, urgently! But they aren't available on DVD yet. 
It really annoys me when I'm on msn on my 360 late at night watching a DVD and I fall asleep inadvertently.  Damn it lukey 
@shaksiyya what was going on with you guys over the weekend Shak??? was not happy, my CD collection is outdated!! 
i really want to play singstar! but all my singstar discs are scratched 
My HDD DVD died  picked up the new Topfield TF71000HDPVRt  with the wife's permission of course
Wondering why I can't seem to burn the Ubuntu image on a CD properly.  Now trying different burning software.  All hashes checked out 
Suggestion - any charity in Singapore need a (perfectly working) Netgear router? I lost the driver CD though 
@schleider Already looking for that damn CD 
I really need to find my older Underoath CD, no clue where it's disappeared to... 
I want watch a movie, but i dont find my DVD! 
Hey, #blockparty #notacon people does anyone have a CD or DVD that they wouldn't mind my using? My webserv breaks my compo entry. 
@madinalake havent heard your new cd yet 
Ian has joined me for an evening of DVD watching. Trouble is, he is so fussy, that we have dimissed 25 films so far.Grrrrr 
Trying to add Transporter 3 to my DVDaf but they only have the DVD version 
Watching one last episode of Doctor Who before hitting the books. Not because I want to, but that's the last DVD I received via Netflix. 
Decided to give windows another re-install, its obvious I fluffed something up, which is why the DVD drive isn't reponding 
@MadGerald I know and VHS won the format war... 
@southrngirlygrl We have both on DVD...but, the first is missing because of little ones hiding it 
If Piratebays getting shutdown and downloading is soon to be illegal, and i do a music course in uni... will saas buy me CD's? 
hamlet...romeo n juliet...radio:ACTIVE live at Wembley...McFly tour DVD's too money to me 
is bored.... and its still so early!!! what to do??? wish i had twilight on dvd already  i'd just watch that!!
@greggrunberg BFTV available on iTunes or Amazon mp3 at all? No CD drive on my netbook 
Wow my dad just brought out his laser disc player from the basement and it still works. Lol to bad they don't still make laser discs. 
@bobbyllew Ripping CDs is stupidly against the terms of copyright 
@bobbyllew I was always under the impression that if you had bought a CD/DVD you were allowed to make a 'back-up' copy.  Seems not. Wrong 
i think i should buy a 4th CD towel, i've got around 20 cds that haven't any place to be tidy 
@musshhh Three seasons only  DVD payah cari. It ain't mainstream enough *rolls eyes* I didn't watch tonight's. Belajar :p *But inside D':*
Got iron man on blu ray but it doesn't work on my DVD player 
I'm running out of space for CD's but I like being able to rip them at a bitrate I choose, not that my ears can tell the difference  
aww still no BH DVD yet 
Wish i had all the seasons of family guy on CD  sigh
Wish i had all the seasons of family guy on DVD  sigh
Why is my series 2 disc skipping? 
i'm listening to the soundtrack for 'watchmen.' when's it coming out on dvd?? 
Maddie succeeded in jamming two DVD's in the Mac at once.  Had to operate.  Saved the machine but lost the rental disc  doh!
I need to burn Windows CD and my both burners are broken  What a lovely morning
says huhu, my Ranma DVD isn't working anymore. I bought it in a Goldcrest anime shop 3 years ago..  http://plurk.com/p/rclog
only one episode of Dollhouse left to go...  After that we'll have to wait 'till the DVD comes out to see the 13th. And then? Any info?
@hannnaaaaa Haven't finished the season yet cause the stupid DVD keeps skipping 
I moved bedrooms the other week and I put a box of CDs some where.. But where I don't know 
I wish they had released a DVD of the Greatest Hits Tour. 
now is really sad. i just heard about the coldplay give away and because of my dad, im cant go the concert to get the free signed CD. 
my cd player won't give me back my cd  i think he likes pink :p
@sasultana it would prolly be some straight to DVD shit. 
@cassieventura cassie when the freak is your CD coming out? I cant wait any longer  
@reidsan Reid! Drowning is bad you know  I've been buying DVD's.. namely Spaced and cheap animated films.. Damn HMV sales!
@vkaroly herniated disc...and it's extremely bad now 
@drewryanscott Lol Bride wars??I wanted to watch that bad, but the DVD was a bad copy  so I couldn't..How was it??
most of my room has now been tidied up, managed to kill my back moving my CD towers though 
Watching: may'n Act Live DVD (by POPGO, no sub  )
@Fearnecotton even worse she got an N DUBZ CD HAHAHA 
I miss my FTSK cd.  i wish i woulda brought it with me.
DVD wouldn't work  called Redbox &amp; they refunded me + gave me a code for a free rental
just watched seven pounds on dvd and i'm crying 
@noalias he collects hip-hop cds, movie/tv dvds, into fotography, nikes.. i'd try to add to his cds/dvds but i dont kno what he's missing 
DVD marathon with my cousin. Kinda bored 
@starrynite01 I failed at making my Spanish mixed CD...it is complicated 
@_bme it's been making me all torn about recommending that my friends watch it on Hulu (or DVD) because of how butchered it is 
Weirded out that I suddenly can't burn anything to CD/DVDs. Optic drive busted? 
Been for lunch out, a nice walk and now about to settle down for an afternoon of reading/videogames/DVD.. gonna miss student life 
@Tinadoll @savagestar Ya, I'm behind on Heroes (I wait for the DVD's...). 
@Lewisv1 do you have the sequel on DVD or only Blu-Ray  ? If it's DVD I'm there.
@Amethyst89 not realesed on DVD yet 
Crappy DVD crashed my installation 
I still can't find my Another Cinderella Story DVD.  aku mau liat lagiii!
I hate it when my original CDs get scratched 
trying to make ebony go outside and play...shes having none of it tho, christmas peppa pig DVD is much more intresting 
Loving my new Blu-Ray player! Upscaling on DVDs is gorgeous too... Just need completely new storage rack, as boxes are different size 
@shadow_d_husky  Thats why I always back up my stuff onto CD. I must do that again soon.
DVD night calling me! Boxset time? I think so!!!!!! God I hate my ex stalker 
Tudors and popcorn?! I think so! Only one more disc to go until the third season comes out on DVD 
I hope my Firefly DVDs come tomorrow! I need to get my Whedon fix soon since the Buffy DVDs are on backorder. 
My DVD/RW sounds like a squeaky motel bed 
Couldnt write the DVDs after all...    must download now.
wants mcfly to come down to exeter to do CD signing... 
headache  i still wait my DVD... I need McFly!!!
Working on an on-going series of CD cover matrials, I just noticed a *really* retarded typo that's been propagated for god knows how long 
@markbrooke89 my mac cd/DVD drive is making very loud noises 
@Shaun_R But me don't have any dual-layer DVD-Rs  You want to know why I can't do the partition way ATM? -  http://twitpic.com/5ctiw
@Stickyplasters PC very borked.....DVD drive dead, video card fan dead 
I hate revision. I'm feeling crappy today and all I want to do is curl with knitting and DVDs and tea. But I can't 
I hate revision. I'm feeling crappy today and all I want to do is curl up with knitting and DVDs and tea. But I can't 
@imoneawesomekid I want you to get the shirt so I can exchange the CD. I can't exchange the shirt.  )
Anyone have an Office 2003 Disc I can borrow to install onto my new pc...can't find mine &amp; its not available as download online 
@crimsai lost your cure DVD? 
@Beddz03 amen to that!! i love lost! i can't watch it tho, b/c i haven't been able to keep up &amp; have to wait until it comes out on dvd 
N79 sales package says I'd have Software DVD in the box, dont have it  http://europe.nokia.com/n79/specifications
@rontheunicorn I don't have her new cd yet   
I couldn't find BoA's CD anywhere 
savin CDs for later, not enough time right now 
@lengguerzo watch it!  Kung meron lang movie house dito that shows original dubbing hay!.... hintay ko na lang DVD 
@mark_ca I don't get ondemand  do they put it out on dvd's?
@itspeat isn't it on DVD or something?! 
@itspeat isn't it on DVD or something?! 
@tommcfly , we cant get your DVD  cause we live in NZ where we dont get anything a little bit cool
Aaaaarrrgghh!!! forgot the windows 7 DVD @ work! 
@willwork4food no matter how I try to turn it on, blue screen. I tried to reboot it with the windows CD, nothing. 
Missed NGOC yesterday.....  ( I need to pick up the CD!)
My DVD hasn't arrived yet, and my mom tells me the mailman has beena t our house  I hope the DVD comes separately later. I NEED it!
I wish you all had your DVD already.. it's so hard not to post anything about it 
@chloevictoriaxo Me too  I want my DVD so bad, and it hasn't come yet
@AlexDScott no DVDs yet, got up and just been online twittering and buying stuff i cant afford!! feel so poorly dont wanna get out of bed 
purchased more CD's on my lunch hour - think I have a problem 
Does anyone know how to get out a CD that's stuck in a car stereo? 
Just watched 3 episodes of Hannah Montana S1 (I got the DVD!) And played Wii. The Bully is nice. I just can't complete the missions. 
Kinda got Solr  CD replication working... and now my brain is hurty.  Looks like I can only sync  every 5 mins.. so in prod its out 5  wt?
Burning some cds, but it takes 3 different computers just to burn the cds 
Retrying the Win 7 burn, because the computer failed to boot to the DVD 
&quot;Rendition&quot; is on HBO right now... I remember Chris calling me when it came out on DVD asking if it was any good and if he should buy it. 
@Hypotenuse I pre-ordered, but no Demo CD 
I'm sure all those packages I've added are fighting with each other, but I'm just stumped how to make my DVD drive actually play my DVDs 
@beijingboyce if you go, can you grab me a copy of the woddy allen CD? will be out of town 
Shit, I missed out on seeing Watchmen again in the theater!  It's already left the discount theater.    Have to wait for the DVD.
has difficulty playing a DVD in Windows.  I mean, it works out of te box, I just wanted to chase dependancies around.  stupid Windows.
Feeling nostalgic for DAAS  Might need to buy some DVDs soon.
Trying to get a darn CDROM to open on my computer. It looks like the CD might be corrupted because I get some of the files, but not all 
About to go to Georgia! made my CD mix and listening  to music and is about to b kicked off the computer! 
@jaimiefanatic WHY Serato bruv  use CD!!! Ahahahahah ;)
@i_am_mclovin That's good cause I don't actually have a HM CD, I was just trying to think of an equally shitty band. 
@rebeccaoneill12 It was the Greatest Hits Tour! There is some footage on YouTube, but it wasn't recorded for DVD! 
After IMAX, a knock off DVD just won't do. Maybe I'm too old to watch non-musicals more than once 
I really want to buy some DVDs, but it might a good idea to fix the heat issue with the PC instead. 
@lula_snape Most programs don't let you burn to a watchable DVD, I had to get a different program but it didn't work the first time 
I just realized that my Netflix DVD is in my laptop. So... what did I mail back to freakin' Netflix today??? 
went to the cd store to search for the cd. But 
wishing i had marvelous misadventures of flap jack on DVD 
Dying to get my hands on the Diagnosis Murder DVD boxset but those pesky kids at Amazon still won't deliver to Zimbabwe 
I wanna buy a million copies. But i aint that rich  @jessicaveronica just buy some more copies urself hahah
is sad his new SB6 CD's got nicked 
Acquiring a CentOS live CD, now where did I put my memory stick, I would like to boot from that. I wonder if I left it at home 
@MrsHoskins ooh I've got that DVD, never got around to watching it   Is it any good?
The CD  player in my car is broken.  So much for listening to my Kidz Bop Happy Meal CD.
getting cds ready for tour 
@kevinwilliams yeah I guess so  it makes me very sad though becase the disc is scratched!
is alone  ! watch a lot of DVD on my laptop !!!
@brianjking If the drive is automatically ejecting supported discs (ie CD-R), and you can't boot from a disc, it's time for AppleCare 
@Pappy60 Looks nice.... never knew VHS had such a short life span... hope my fav VHS is not dead 
@PinkyNKOTB Oh I've got that one &amp; the stp x step one on VHS. Tried connecting our video to harddrive to copy to DVD but didnt work 
@MVPublicLibrary don't tape hold slips to items !! just ripped a digipack cd case 
@MusicLover_15 No, I haven't seen it yet!  But once it comes out on DVD.. ;) hehe. Haha
Grrr just got an email saying they weren't sending my JG an evening in NYC DVD out until 6/9 now 
@ddlovato i tought u were shootin 4 your new cd, 
i really want to watch 21, but i lost the dvd. 
@thesnuffy I got it on DVD for Christmas and none of us have watched it yet. 
@MicHELLeYEAH It was over much too soon though  You have plenty of dvds, VHS I could watch in the not to distant future? 
I love that show but I cant watch it anymore  I have season 12 on DVD...I want them all lol
 The guys put the CD in their live chat?. I felt horrible but i couldnt 4 my family emergency   
Stoked, found i had 4 unopened PS3 games in my DVD drawer... unfortunately i have a tonne of reading to do... back in the draw they go. 
No RockBand  ....... spending the night with DVD's...... maaaaaany DVD's (looks like its just &quot;you. and. mE.&quot; heh)
wants 'Friday Night Lights 1-3' on DVD. 
CD Review just got boring, hoping it will pick up later... 
@tommcfly OK I'm obsessed. I watch the Wonderland Tour DVD, EVERY week 4 or 5times. I looove it.  But I'm sad that I can't see ya live. 
@SMSass I don't have hbo...so I'll have to wait for it to come out on DVD 
Burning a Cd my neighbor just got exactly the same fucking car i wanted  It's gold with blue seats o well ill get sumthing much more fly x
@daniellefab hahaha well it was that good, but my sister still has the DVD  oh well I'll get it back eventually
@redkattseven I have this CD, it is a sad song... 
@cessyyy That's sad  Go to www.sidereel.com to check out the rest of the episodes if you can't wait to buy the DVD for the rest of the eps
Still can't find my cd 
HMV is kinda starting to piss me off. When are they gunna call and tell me they have the damn freakin CD! Jeez. 
lost my Futurama DVDs  #fail
@livexlovexdance No, I can't  I'm sorry! But I'll come over and watch the DVD's with you when you get them!
Ugh! All of my CD's don't fit in this bag! 
I need that cd.i can't believe they lost it. 
@kdawn1 I so behind with the movies. I have over 30 DVD's I haven't seen yet. 
@SemperGumby03 Nah it's my DVDs. Wish my DVDs were extended 
I want the new McFly's DVD so bad 
@s_aurius waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!! I'm never gonna get to see it until it comes to DVD I guess  *cry*
I want Winter in Wartime on DVD. But where to get it... 
aww I watched all of my Doctor Who DVD 
@guitarscreams me too! i just got the new cd... i'm listening right now. i'm not sure how i feel though yet 
My Mac CD slot is frozen. Every now and then it opens up and I have to race to put a CD/DVD in...what do I do?! 
@qmuser i can't find my eartha cd's 
@johnnatn How cool! My tape with the PPVs is no where to be found.  Hopefully, they'll release more stuff on DVD.
All done with Enlighten Up, we're getting a new movie after the 2nd.  And it probably won't be a DVD like this one was.  
Kazaam 2 might not be coming out after all. Not even a DVD release. 
bored  all i can do is watch dvds, zz.
The Office on DVD may be sitting on my front porch right now in an Amazon box. Too dark to check. 
had to exchange my True Blood DVDs for non-BluRay 1's. Don't have a pop-up enabled player so the special features weren't working for me. 
I need a new DVD player 
CDs and tickets for concert are too much expensive in JP. I can buy imported CD at a low price, but to buy ticket cheap is impossible 
'britney spears - for the record' comes out tomorow on DVD and I really want it but we haven't preordered  xxx
@DJMighty awe....  I wonder if they have Hanging w/ mr cooper on Dvd set? Lol
i can do nothin' without money ( SS501's DVDs, Albums, Photobook  How can i buy all of them (
And maybe Princess Hours too. I had a DVD of it back then, but it went missing. 
takes so long to import CDs to itunes! 
@sophistifunk People say it's a great movie. I'll have to wait until the DVD. 
@xDevikax ahh i want to but its not out in poland.  i'll have to wait for the DVD.
@sambhav6 That's exactly how I felt last night  but I got a free DVD in the newspaper of BGT highlights 
@nancy777ca I think so. You can buy it on DVD and there's only 3 
Listening to Metric's new CD - not too shabby, but seems to go by far too fast   Replay All FTW!
@ericasadun I remember being crushed when they cancelled that. DVDs apparently don't exist 
@atomicpoet the hd DVD addon only output at 1080i 
I just stood on one of my CDs 
Watching @davidmoffitt try to get all of his electronics hooked back up again... All this just to watch a DVD 
Still burning the DVD. The first time, it would not play on the DVD player... 
its days like these when I wish my car's CD player wasn't broken. &quot;not without a fight&quot; is currently trapped in it 
@ashleybella we'll blast the CD on the way there! ;) btw, u never gave me my copy  hahahaha.
@LikChan I have many weird compilations that I doubt are there in DVD too.. also some really old regional stuff not re-released on DVDs 
I think I'm finally going to have to face the fact I've lost my last 3 Netflix DVDs, pay up and move on so I can quit getting charged 
@SBShell unfortunately no!    damn CD
so apparently i downloaded the 64-bit of windows 7 instead of 32-bit.  what a waste of time, bandwidth, and a DVD 
so apparently i downloaded the 64-bit version of windows 7 instead of 32-bit. what a waste of time, bandwidth, and a DVD 
FUUUUUUUCK!!! KOL was just doing a commercial and my stupid piece of shit DVD burner delayed and didnt start recording til it was over! 
So close to winning a signed Stan Bush CD  http://tinyurl.com/lm33t6
Everytime I turn on the TV the wings score  I'm going to watch my DVD
@KarenAlloy I tried watching Shaun of the Dead a few days ago, but my DVD is warped after so many viewings and it doesn't work anymore 
just watched McFly's 'on the road' thing from their Live at Wembley DVD. im jealous. wish they'd come here.. 
I havent gotten my mcfly DVD's yet  i was supposed to get them today, but i guess they got held up...
@breanaphillips i am so jealous of you, i want it on dvd 
@EchoSiren would you happen to know how to burn a DVD that plays on anything 
I love that show but I cant watch it anymore  I have season 12 on DVD...I want them all lol
still nothing on Tv  I'll watch some DVD's now
@Number1Huggles 'Fraid the heat doesn't suit me and get bad palpitations  Ponies must be warm too as is CD, lying in the cool hall (dog)
not sure whether to preorder the Jonas CD or go and buy it on the way to the concert! 
@gawhatafeeling Am going tonight for my final show of the tour  then the long wait for the DVD!
@thejobsguy DVDs are almost obsolete, and I have a collection 
Oh I have to unpack my DVDs! 
Money for my CD still hasn't gone through, meaning they still haven't sent it. I pre-ordered it, and it came out today 
@toniestipona I wish I had a DVD too  The soccer part is HILARIOUS! )))
@xoxoHelenHilton on here and it will be too personal for you anyway probably ! I miss you lol! My DVD's and CD did not come today  xoxo
ugh stupid ACLS CD is windows only...parallels makes my computer so slow!!! 
@TGolding boo. You're listening to my favorite CD ever made, on your way to Six Flags and Ash and I are stuck cleaning the house 
The Maine soothes me. I've listen to their CD everyday for about a week... 
The only fail of the day was getting excited about buying the Lady Gaga CD for the car, and the CD player doesn't work 
@eghm I haven't yet. I was hoping that it would boot fine from the DVD, but it didn't. Wiping out the win partition is next 
keeps finding piles of DVDs not in their boxes 
@xoxoHelenHilton Helen I miss you  If my DVD's come tomorrow I will think of you because of Paris! hee
@SilogramRice Actually no because there was already a DVD being made 
@Bianca4Life Oh, dear! I know how that feels  Maybe you can unearth and old CD Player and pop in a CD or somethin'
staring at my cd's to see if they will pack themselves... it's not working. 
Would like to burn a copy of #Wolvix 2.0.0b1 Cub to CD and take it for a spin, but Xubuntu is not seeing my external burner. 
So I've given up on finding the Transformers DVD. I would watch it online but I really wanted to see it on the big screen downstairs 
@CD87 purple plaid bell bottoms  
@mitchelmusso omg! r songs r awesome! i love them! i cant buy the CD tho...  but i m gonna get them on my ipod! yay! !!!!
@poopinpineapple I do but 3d movies are expensive  so I will sadly have to wait to see it again on DVD
@Laurlen I still buy tons of stuff on CD every year; eMusic was my way of getting lots of indie/undie stuff.  now i get less of that.  
@mitchelmusso HEY mitchel! whens ur CD coming out in SPAIN?  can't wait to hear it.. btw, when r YOU coming to spain?
This is my flatmate's birthday today and I bought her a DVD which she already has.... What a boob! 
couldn't hear the new CD  The player is broken
soon as i make it known that VHS could be put onto the network and streamed, I'll have a tsunami of videos from 1984 onwards to process 
depressed i thought the jonas brothers CD came out the day it did in america but it doesn't come out in australia until october 11  
@purely_distel I saw it! NPH is wonderful! I love his voice, I'd love to see/hear him in RENT but there isn't a DVD with him 
I looking for Triplets of Belleville Poster's DVD. but I can't find it 
needs to repair the Laptop  di nakakaread yung DVD-Ram! Help (sick) http://plurk.com/p/xv2yk
@crazyshey Yes, I am watching it! Gahh! I want to buy a DVD!  (With the proper subtitles!)
moving some of the data to DVD's.. have no more space on storage disk 
why dont i have Pretty Woman on DVD 
Crap! I screwed up my entire Adobe Suite install! Hopefully reinstall from CDs works .... 
@xxxSupermodel Came out today.  I've spent the last 5 hours trying to download it.  Still trying   I suggest buying the DVD.
AAAAHHHGHHHHH....i dont have the new 311 cd yet.... 
@AustinMusso awww....  damn first you can't meet him, now you can't even get his CD!  i could send it to you until you can buy it...
wants to buy the Season 7 DVDs for 24.. but he has to wait. 
@Jovanni_CD wish I could go. But work sucks ! 
I just received my OFITG CD &amp; tote!     not with EP though  - Photo: http://bkite.com/087tW
I can't find my ipod chord and I just put two new CD's on it  At least I can charge it to my dock...goodnight!!!
making a CD for his bro montana... my shoulder hurts. 
@janetteamelie this &quot;mix CD&quot; is turning into more of a &quot;mix anthology&quot; haha poor you babe 
didn't see anything she like at RiverIsland and SS501 CDs are too expensive 
wants to watch Bedtime Stories... if I can burn it to a DVD  http://plurk.com/p/y4arl
Gah! DVD player stopped playing my DVD during really important part. 2nd movie rented that hasnt played right. Not happy. 
I'm totally getting GMPD's CD!!! WOO! And oh, yeah..I have to work today.  I DON'T LIKE THIS.
I am too tired - and so bad mummy appears and puts on a DVD for Jean in the hope she will sit quiet and watch that 
@midnightmovies I didn't get my new issue yet either, and am still waiting for the free DVD too 
@musedandabused yea I def seen that movie over a million times, I can't find the DVD 
@xthemusic ...they sent us  also it was the CD rather than the player
@MsDelaney I got my copy of The Sims 3 yesterday! But, seeing as my DVD drive thinks it's a CD drive, I can't play it just yet. 
@hsivaram The CD is not working 
@actingcoach1 Was messing around with @CRITERION Laserdisc version of The Player on my new to me toy...wish they had done DVD that way 
@tinglestick We just finished the 2nd season. I don't know if 3rd is out on DVD yet. 
@Yahzarah I am sooo mad at myself for being out of town and missing the show tonite  Please do a &quot;Yahzarah&quot; recorded &quot;Live in Detroit&quot; CD
@Rainmaking MAN how did I miss SOS???  Their live CD is one of my all time faves! Was it as great as that CD was?
Does anyone have the font &quot;Clarence&quot;? I had it but had to chuck it because it got corrupted. Original CD is long lost. 
Just after watching the Prison Break DVD, its all finally over  A brilliant show!  now I have to find another show to watch...???
ugh... my uncle broke his Shaun of the Dead DVD.. NOOOOOOO! 
@olesyarulin excited too but idk when the DVD release in europe! 
@mitchelmusso I really want to go! Wish I lived in Cali! How do I get &quot;let's make this last 4 ever&quot; on my iPod, it's not on the CD? 
the new blockbuster $3 a day includes Bluray, yay!! I rented benjamin button, havent finished it yet. gta go to wk 
lost my ghostworld DVD!!! 
watching house season 4 on DVD - annoying that season 5 is on sky and not normal tv 
Wanted 2 go sooooo bad!!.  Wife had 3rd c-section baby 5/26/09 couldn't leave her   .......I'll have 2 buy the DVD!!!!!
@glennbeck Wanted 2 go sooooo bad!!.  Wife had 3rd c-section baby 5/26/09 couldn't leave her   .......I'll have 2 buy the DVD!!!!!
I need blank DVD-R's 
My DVDs are such a mess. I really should organize and alphabetize them. But there's just soooo many 
@onb I shan't smoke! (But I want to) Automated MS tool fixed my CD/DVD not-writing issue. http://bit.ly/ZGG99 &lt;- But not real problem 
Appears that Win7 required DVD Drivers for my laptop and none of the ones I can find seem to work 
@michellebranch I just just had to download &quot;Everywhere&quot; from iTunes since I can't find my Spirit Room CD 
Wanted tomato soup for dinner but there are no big bowls here.  To buy: big bowl, DVD player, tinned mushrooms, pasta + pasta-sauce.
@AHGreenwood Nope DVD only    I love the Mech btw. The fully articulated cannon mounts are especially astonishing.
Oh no I'm so sad, they had just announced Mika on the radio, and they eventually had technical problems with the CD so gave up the idea. 
Grr 24 is coming out the 19th October on DVD and Bones is coming out the 26th! That's a long time to wait 
I like the new Chickenfoot CD so much that I might use it as a prop today in a video shoot - a big load of cum will run the CD though. 
I was listening to my audiobook  ugh!
Ugh, I'm so STUPID!! Ordered @chamcircuit's CD, only to notice later on that my PayPal account is still linked to my old address. FAIL! 
@carolofbells22 &quot;Lemmings&quot; I don't have it on my CD  but it's a good song!
fuck!  The Invader Zim DVDs have been discontinued and are crazy expensive 
@KorrieM what is up with everyone watching The Sandlot? I'm jealous  Lost that DVD when I moved 
@feveligante cuz the dumb asses at rent a center put my music on a DVD &amp; idk how to get it off! 
What a weak ending. But hurrah for more hominids.  No confirmation of Se4...just a blurb for Buy Our DVD set   #Primeval #abbyspants
@AwesomeArianna Hey! don't forget CD's! I didn't have enough money to get some 
I was gonna go to the movies but nothing hot is screened, so we rented some DVDs. Ice cream and movies. Forgot about Hemendex 
@seanpaull No, don't have a DVD recorder. The PVR physically won't let you copy anyway  Good idea though!
@tommcfly I think you should make a dvd about the tour,even knowing it's impossible if you haven't' filmed what happened in tour 
@BillodieTomodie im good how are u?i wish my city had the Cinema Bizarre CD 
My stupid DVD player isn't working  No Mcfly for me tonight then (((((((((( :'(
they won't play my cd  http://twitgoo.com/oidi
@janessao I always play her lallaby CD on weekends during naps.  But, the washer and dryer set we have is beep happy 
My DVD player is broken 
@lealeabobeeah i don't think you can, i think you need the disc.  but i'll do some research
The quality of this movie on BET is weak. #NewJackCity.  I need 2 get the DVD. 
Spent yesterday encoding the show DVD to find that the codec I used took forever to convert to flash. Starting over for the 3rd time. 
i really want a taco. hah. and not even that many people can see this.  i want demi lovato's CD to hurry &amp; come out. 
@cougfanakd102 when do you need the JB videos for the DVD? I forgot the date and my computer won't let me get on YouTube 
@Whitneydean ...I wish I could watch Wall-e...but unless they have it for VHS I won't be seing it for a long time 
watched the first 3 episodes of Mad Men last night. i want more!!! but the dude has the DVDs 
@CerebroJD Downloaded the movie in some 1080 goodness last night after losing the DVD.  Love this movie.
@moonspinner55 I like it already. I don't see it on DVD anywhere. 
@MaddieIsStellar they only made up to season 3 of boy meets world on DVD   is boy meets world on tv where you are at all? its not here 
@billyraycyrus my store has sold out of your album! i wanted a copy... 
@Jon_Favreau I was watching 'Friends' on DVD with the episodes you were in...too bad things didn't work out between 'Monica' and 'Pete'. 
I REALLY want to buy ALL of Rocky Votolato's CDs on iTunes but I'm trying to cut back on my music purchases. This is physically hurting. 
I've woke up with a bit of a headache after drinking a bottle of wine and trying not to cry whilst watching Australia on DVD 
my DVD Player can't read SVCD disc 
oh oh - about 15 CDs into my whole library ripping session the slot load won't eject a CD and just makes a tiny clicking sound when I try 
I need a job  on the bright side, I am now making a new CD
ran out of dvds to watch 
Trying to transcode a DVD with Handbrake. Unfortunately seems to have given up and is stuck on 7.26%... Fail 
@Goldigga no! there's only the advert that we gave them re the WoTW CD &amp; thats it. nothing in concert bit  at all! ah well... 
Just bought a printer and need to install the drivers from the CD. My computer has no CD drive 
@mitchelmusso i would love to, only one problem i live in Canada  and another problem is i dont have ur CD YET!, im goin soon 2 get it !
@mories23 I'm just going for a bath then pjs and bed with a DVD work tomoz 
Wants Jeff Dunhams DVD's 
The DVD burner on my new Dell 6500 laptop isn't supported by iTunes, and I cannot burn CDs!     I'll have to look into that later.
I watched the a7x DVD last night, and I swear I was going to die. They are walking sex. Except for the short one and the drummer 
I can't find my chungking express dvd 
Didn't get to watch &quot;Tabula Rasa&quot; yesterday, but now I'm starting it. FINALLY!!!  Man, I miss my DVDs. 
@mitchelmusso man i wanted to go to your cd signing so badly  after your cd signing here, are ya coming back here to san diego?
@rilesmack AGES ago I ordered the Falling Down single set &amp; a bunch of DVD singles but never got 'em 
@louhaffner pre-ordered the JB limited edition signed sleeve CD from HMV!! don't think it'll arrive on monday though! 
Also, no major retailers stocked 64bit! I have to sent off for the DVD from M$ 
I can't find Casablanca  skimming thru unlabeled DVR'd DVD's for something good instead
i need to get a new DVD player. The one I have keeps on freezing up 
i just downloaded &quot;the lion king&quot; and am now burning a bootleg DVD for class tomor.  disney doesn't sell it anymore!  i had no choice 
@allikatetor i might put my coupling boxset on so i could be awake 
@moviegirl09  I don't get HBO. I have to see about getting it on DVD. Thanks though. I hear it's good.
Please someone keep me posted on who wins Best Featured actress in a Musical...I have a 32&quot; flat screen dual DVD player with no cable! 
GAHHHHHH....Something not working with my DVD player / tv...no sound. It worked fine last week 
needs the DVD of CSI: Miami 
@16StarGirl16 lol HURRAY! my computer wont let me put it on my iPod  but now im gonna go watch my TBS DVD :p
@sabrina215 I can't even watch the marathon, Channel is blocked on my tv and will be until tomorrow morning. I'll have to borrow the DVDs 
@omgitsalex every dvd i've ever gotten there is scratched 
@kdidz4 awe that's so cute..I collect the Disney movies on DVD..one year for Christmas my mom got me Alice NWL and there was no DVD in it 
@DonnieWahlberg It's my favorite song on the CD &amp; I could tell that's what you all were rehearsing.  Now, I heard it was cut. 
@carmelamaniego I do but its not DVD copy eh. 
business revision   waiting for the jonas brothers CD to arrive  xxx
@the8333696 I tried that with greenday but got told I wasn't allowed near the cd player again 
@lindsmartin nope   the wii uses dvd discs but doesnt have any software for playing dvds :/ might be some homebrew but i dunno..
Taking youngest daughter to oral surgeon this morning.   The ice cream is standing by &amp; a stack of DVD's is waiting by the tv.
True Blood season premiere last night. Don't tell me what happened, I'm not going to get to watch it until it comes out on DVD 
A friend has informed me that classic Dr Who DVD releases will end in 2010!  Petition time? #drwho
I just spent an HOUR trying to get my stupid laptop to play a stupid DVD through the projector  And then it finally played in Spanish &gt;_&lt;
has her Chameleon Circuit album XD but for some reason it won't work in my laptop  help anyone? It works in normal CD player
i carnt wait to get jonas brothers new CD pre-orded it it hasent come yet 
@maroon5  I hope you get better and about your DVD thing  
@ThisisDavina good thanks. At gym...davina fitness DVD stuck in grandma's machine 
@BlakeLewis when can we expect another cd from you?   I work at a cd store and it saddens me everytime I don't see a cd under your name 
@jannarden : But it's so difficult to get your CDs here  So yeah, I love you ! haha..I sound so tacky..
@anthers I KNOW! I can't wait till it comes out on DVD bc there aren't any showings in Austin 
@mitchelmusso i wish i could go to the cd signing but i can't 
I just broke my cd 
I hate that the Friends boxset is too big to fit with the rest of my TV DVDs... It disturbs the organisation 
@dream_theater yes I am! I've been a fan for a long time and I've never seen them live  I never grow tired of the live DVD's
My favorite song skips on my new mixed CD.  
@ljv22 I believe u babe. Bring me a CD or samples of his music. I dnt have access to the internet at my place my cabel is acting up. 
i have no more room for physical CDs or vinyl. my turntable is broken anyway. 
wondering if my Josh Groban PBS Special DVD got lost in the mail or something.....  
My DVD got scratched so I had to take off mean girls! 
My mom says i have to get off now  goodnight twitters! buy the @Jonasbrothers new CD #LVATT out in stores starting at midnight!(:
@Bullitt33 Wak! There's a DVD player in my room but no Blu ray player 
@dannygokey Waiting for your CD! and I am shocked... there are scams...omg... 
I didn't buy the cd.  But I will eventually.
@JonasBrothers we're trying to find a place to buy your CD at midnight, but it's not going well 
I just spit water out I laughed so hard! Frustrated though. Scratched DVDs 
needs to buy Degrassi on DVD, it'll be so expensive tho 
i really want to listen to some taylor swift i cant find the CD &amp; i dont feel like playing it on the computer it sounds better on the cd 
can't listen to half the songs on my CD becos of customer complaints 
@tommcfly just watching motion in the ocean dvd. haha classic. i want to get R/A tour dvd.but cant  xx
@JonasBrothers its 12:03 and they havnt put your cd out yet  but im patiently waiting.
@oceanparkw I have two albums,one single,one Live CD and one live DVD.I dont have enough money to buy all their singles 
The cds arnt here yet 
I'm being a nerd and watching &quot;Doctor Who&quot; ... I wish I could afford to buy all the DVD's  damn capitalism!!
@AlexAllTimeLow can you release nothing personal in uk?shipping your CDs over costs me money I don't have 
doesnnt feel too good...medicine and a new CD would make me feel better 
@janilynn HAHAHAHAHA! have you started it?! lmfao yeah i know.. im getting my mom to buy the CD, but i gotta buy the book  tear tear
@robinng @edwintcg heh u wish! i connected it to the DVD player's line in/out jacks... nothing!! 
The CD drive isn't working and i can't play sims 2 
I am so livid right now. 1st: Walmart didn't have the @Jonasbrothers CD at midnight then I find out I can't use my phone 
Really wants the Angel Video in DVD Quality, oh for that Promo DVD 
I've just lost heaps of photos that I hadn't yet backed up on DVD - my external 1TB hard drive fatally crashed 
Going to watch jump start on VH1 in a lil bit. Halloween is over  oh well i have all the DVD's
- I found my Grave of the Fireflies DVD... now I'm remembering how sad it is. 
i fucked up my dvd player 
Now depressed and disappointed, finally get off bum to do workout DVD only to find box empty! @thisisdavina where are you! Just Brilliant 
I want to have a dvd marathon  and where's that dickhead when I needed him?!
car was broken into last night. lost a couple CDs (1 of which wasn't mine), &amp; my emergency USB solar charger. right in front of my apt. 
I need a cd player. 
Working on the DVD menu. Not a lot of inspiration 
....Now I'm stuck with the DVD version and extra shipping for a separate order! 
@joepolitics where else can you get the CD? didn't see it available at the PNC show this past saturday... 
I really, really want the new @jonasbrothers CD 
I wish I had Bluray 
aww everyone has cool pictures with their LVATT CD's...mines on itunes  i feeel so uncoool!
I hate my DVD recorder, it didn't tape #obsessed, gonna catch missed episode online then play #sims3, it's Looking like more rain today 
Anyone know any good DVD stores in NYC? Ones I knew have closed 
My mom is on the MacBook so now i have to use a Ubuntu Live CD in my laptop with a keybord and 2 hard drives that are kaput 
@music_vere i bought it at libro !! .. i already read that some filials in austria get the CD on june 19th .. soo sad 
@jessjonass people would download it for free??? Thats gayyy :/ I got my off iTunes and it was $10.50. I wanted the actual CD though 
seems to have broken the CD drive on my laptop 
@Martno1 hee hee i have it on DVD too, might have to go watch it now!!  actually, should probably go to bed lol im sleep 
I want my cd 
I WANT THE JONAS BRADDDERS CD!!!  nick is mighhttty fine. ahaha. and i love his beautiful voice.. &lt;3
URGH I want my LVATT CD!  I should have just gone to Target to buy it. I'm so frustrated, you have no idea.
BRB gotta take my lil sis to get the Jonus Brothers CD * rolls eyes* 
i want the cd Right Now! 
dying to get my CD 
Needs a dual layer DVD 
@mitchelmusso tosay i went to target and they didnt have ur cd i was bummed1!!! 
Listening to Destiny's Child Christmas CD....I miss them 
@Jonasbrothers aeww guysss i would give all for that cd!!...  but its not available yet..
@peterandes: Why not amazon mp3's or itunes? If you want a physical CD, though...FYE in the mall? We don't have many choices. 
@xangua thx. i've only one DVD ubuntu jaunty. and it seem the list is obsolete. and i have no internet connection for that unbuntu 
@ThatKevinSmith my husband is a big fan &amp; we live to far away to be able to make the show  are you going to release a DVD of it? T/C 
burning Mos Def - The Ecstatic ... why do I still feel like a bootlegger even though I got the album from amazon mp3? No new CD smell 
@mexicanuck Fourth season isn't on DVD yet. 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/7kf4b - i'm going to cry right now  !... I wanna the CD !!!!!
Wish Ambersons was on DVD, and I wish I had remembered it was on TCM tonight. 
printing CDs for my broth...about 190pcs  
Powerhouse Museum now has a waterdamaged folio collection  All due to a DVD case. http://bit.ly/Xxbww video killed the paperback star?
grr i still cant find my @mileycyrus songs  now i have to download all 4 CDs then sync them to my phone...this is gonna take forever &gt;_&lt;
No cable tv, DVD player broke and no waffle mix...Lex is one sad panda. 
@Wenchy - I never got a bday CD 
@jlist Peter, why are you linking to a game where your DVD copies are sold out? 
@nickkkjonasss your cd hasn't out yet here 
@sacajaweea Nah just the downloads   I'd be way too emparessed to buy the CD!
@errordetected yaaaay its 12:24 in cali.  TEARS i wanted the CD!
@Loquatmusic I wish BTM and TPD EP was too. For me with 1 CD, the delivery costs more, than the product. 
I've got a herniated disc 
@pwbbounce Cutting it up? I don't know how to cut mp3s  I was planning to record it on CD and make a wav out of it. Those I can cut.
Ah, iF sent a press kit on CD-Rom. With Photos of the jury working, but none featuring our item. 
Is distressed he's lost his Nivana CD 
burning the CDs again. 
The 80s CD advert on the TV just Rickroll'd me 
Aduh .. Dvd the cakeeaters udh dibeli, tapi belum ditonton. Being seventeen jg blum ditonton, gada waktu eums 
New Aventura CD is CRAZY!!!!!!!!!! everyone who knows me well already knows I have tears in my eyes 
i guess i'm the only one who hasn't bought Jonas Brothers new CD.. but don't have any money so what can i do? 
so so close to summer.. but so sad that photo is over!  what a year. listening to @jonasbrothers new CD wooo!
@ktsummer can you email mp3 of close to you? Like a retard I bought the CD in the store and the song is not included  can't buy on itunes!
 Why do bands release digital only versions of EPs? I want a CD copy :@ At least I'll be able to get this one I guess :/
I'm sick  I am enjoying laying around w my dogs watching my simpsons DVD
is excited for Char2d2's EP. I think I'll wait for iTunes though because the shipping costs are expensive. 
@brookedanielle_ hahaaa :'))) i was just looking for my disc with them on but i can't find it 
i can't find the disc 
I will love to death the lovely one that will give me the CD 'A Little Faster' on my birthday. 
okay .. finished the DVD ... now i guess il HAV 2 do the h/w       ):
why do they make @Jonasbrothers cds so hard to get out? I just want to listen to it! Last year I almost broke the cd 
@jonaskevin  i bught your cd and it have a paper of the 3D dvd promo. and it said to go to JonasCoupon.com but the page dosn't exist. 
@nickjonas i bught your cd and it have a paper of the 3D dvd promo. and it said to go to JonasCoupon.com but the page dosn't exist. 
@anchorbraille come out with a cd 
@soulsingersongs I want your CD now! You know you have made me addicted to your voice &amp; I can't get your CD right now.. it's pity!  
@gmemon I can only find albums, songs, itunes u, podcasts and audiobooks.. No movies nor tv-series.. 
@Twinnikkib well what about the DVD???  u gotta be strict for at least 2 weeks straight....
@thegiancarlo it wont read any dvd's 
Mom got me Quantum of Solace on DVD for my 23rd birthday, which is tomorrow. She's sweet, but now I don't have anything to open tomorrow 
Wanting to listen to Adele's CD but too bad its all scratched up now! 
i called the CD store... and they told me that LVATT was coming MAYBE next week  i want to cry right now... fml. fml. fml. fml. fml. fml.
anyway to fix a badly scratched CD?? 
@theonetruebix As far as I can tell. And with only 10 episodes, DVD doesn't seem too likely. 
finally bought halo 3, wanted to pwn n00bs. put disc in xbox, nudged it while spinning up, disc scratched, no haloz for me  fml
OK, Debian Lenny DVD 01 is now my baby . 5 to go .... 
I wish I didn't live in NZ and we would get @ddlovato CD when it actually comes out, Waiting is duummbbbb 
Damned internet and their cheap DVD offers. I really think I have a problem 
damn, benjamin button came out on DVD this week, and i have no money to get it  I know! ill sell some stuff! http://www.bidfox.co.za
Watching HGTV on DVD before I go to work.  I don't wanna go anywhere 
@KonradS The FCC are going to arrest me for listening to music I ripped from a CD? 
Why are DVD +R DLs sooooooo expensive 
@annabanaboo i remember when we first met that i gave you my favorite cd. you said you didn't like it at all. 
@jgberandom at least you're not writing boxers! Is the NWA worship CD done yet?  I never got my copy  who do i write to? Ta.
i wish there were DVD releases off previous series of big brother. They stopped doing it after BB4 
was watching the Mcfly Radio:Active DVD then my DVD player broke 
I like the new @Jonasbrothers CD, but still don't know if I like it as much as the last one... Wishing I could go to your show the 22 
I wish I could play SimCity again but the DVD never works 
http://twitpic.com/7qb48 - This disc didn't make it... 
@mangopickle I,m upstate with my mom. I left my DVD at home 
And I definitely did NOT just do that thing where you go to put a CD in an iMac but miss and have it fall behind your desk    
and the disc came loose during shipping, which means scratches 
Hrm, calling Ubuntu's DVD playback 'dodgy' is an understatement. Sucks 
just got back from walmart i bot the twilight CD. i wanted to go ahead and get DODWAV and the comatose deluxe CD but they didnt have them 
on the rare day i am determined to exercise, my new workout dvd won't play in my dvd player. WTF! 
@JohnjMoon so so so SOoo0 worth watching - his DVD tutorial is like GOLD! at least for me b/c each video was taking apx 35-60hrs  Ahhhhh!
i can't find the second disc to the soundtrack from Cats. 
Cd player in my car decided to eat a cd 
@slinky8 lol i have them on DVD now. a few GREAT chick flicks lol...sorry i couldnt bring them myself i had to work  boo
Windows 7 DVDs waiting here for @blakepup @sighmon @thatreeder @servantofchaos @JohnnyKairouz @newmediageek . All gone 
So close yet so far away from the cd. 
@littlemoo I tried booting from the Leopard DVD, Disk Utility doesn't even see any hard-drive. 
I can't find my Video Booth 2009 DVD 
My cd burner is fuxorated 
I need to go do my Davina DVD. I don't want to thought  shouldn't have eaten that pizza!
'Prince Caspian' was sweet, and the DVD audio commentary funny. I started listening to it, but 5hrs of movies is too much. #whiplash #ACC 
My throat feels funny. I think I'm getting a cold too now.  Looks like it's pizza and Mad Men on DVD tonite...
What do you do when Windows 7 fails to boot? Try to repair it with the DVD of course. When that doesn't work? No idea yet. 
@ibabycurlzi oh yeah &amp; I love movies &amp; a lot of DVDs were on sale for like $3 or 4  I was very disappointed in myself but i love target!
@angryjedi tried STTNG: A Final Unity on Boxer today... no dice.  It ran the installer, but it said it couldnt find a CD - maybe an ISO? 
can't believe my Pendulum - Live at Brixton DVD/CD has arrived at my girlfriends.. yet I won't see her till next week 
@melaniecmusic more dvds 
Gah naked Miranda Kerr does not = news. I have lost my CD case this is big news as I have idea where it's trodden off to 
sadly maeve's CD doesnt have all the information on it. Ah well. time to copy it on. AND I realised my CD player doesnt work anymore!  
@rahroo I've missed a few eps though  I might have to wait for the DVD.
@smudge372 watching Queen Live at Wembley on DVD, &amp; now I feel really old cos I was actually at the gig, Freddie &amp; the old towers gone 
@LOST_WFTB i'm gonna read everyone's tweets live but I prob won't have a thing to bring to the table cause I don't have my DVDs with me 
DAMN my &quot;Crossroads&quot; CD is skipping not cool 
I guess that's a no on A Cinderella Story...  Especially since my DVD player is on the fritz too. What's up with technology FAILING today?
@mileycyrus omg I use to have Barbie dolls of him and posters and all his CD's but now he has gone crazy!  I miss him.
@kateyy__ Lmfao, I laughed, and cried, and now I'm annoyed coz I can't find my fucking CD!!!  lmfao.
@jgoodwin13 I think it's only on HBO or you have to wait for it to come out on DVD 
@thomasdurden  I'm listening to their new cd now 
@wedgienet i just tried it out. sorry, you need the cd 
I'm sad... I can't find my Dr. Horrible DVD and I haven't watched the special features yet 
sdfjsdhflkshjfkahfkljshdfuwehfiujknfkjshdfkjsadfkjhsfkhsjkfhskfhkjs  forgot to get the CD 
Not happy with the way my day has gone.  I hope to drown my frustration in a very unhealthy dinner (KFC) &amp; my new Netflix DVD, In Bruges.
@MelFresh27 oh no poor thing  Tea w lemon &amp; honey, chicken soup &amp; lots of DVDs for you today I think...ooh &amp; steam yourself w some vicks
Is veging out today, with broken DVD player  , oh well, I'll find something to do.
@idkmybffleah haha, yea but if its like my DISNEY VHS &amp; old home movies, you better record it to DVD, or it'll just be gone soon. 
I wish I had &quot;Sparkle&quot; on DVD..but I can't find it anywhere  if YOU can..just remember my bday 07.07.09 great gift ;)
ugh, stupid dvd player 
can anybody tell me how to use garmin maps from a topo CD on a mac? the online converter doesnt seem to be working 
I'm hoping its not going to take 20 minutes per DVD..... 
I want to know why my CD/DVD player won't work when it is brand new and just installed today.  DANG technology!!!!   
@RayneDayze he's dead now  I have one of his live cd's haha
Great, now my CD/DVD drive won't work. Can't even watch the only cheap entertainment I can afford  what did I do to you, karma?
@chowwmein i did! i had to tear apart my dvd player though 
Oh, and that's the only song on the CD that iTunes wont let us buy. Why iTunes, why? 
I better rip the songs off my legally purchased CDs before I lose them. I was unpacking and unable to find my @localnatives CD 
I was hoping my phone was going to arrive today. I got very excited when we had a delivery. It was just a DVD though 
@alovesoundtrack eek  if i had a dvd burner, i'd make you a copy. i have to find a new one anyway. i'll let you know!
@angryjedi I have NO idea where my original CD's are... So I downloaded a copy.  I tried making it into an ISO but it wouldnt have it 
I would happily use something else, but it's a BluRay so I can't. 
but feeling a bit sick! I hate feeling icky.........  going to put on Radio Active Tour DVD and clean  x
I can't find my Yellow Submarine DVD 
Was watching a DVD with the kids, till the DVD player died 
A simply, sad but true statement: Apple's DVD Drives and the DVD-player software are total CRAP!! 
my Netflix DVD must be lost in the mail.  I was looking forward to watching it with my daddy this weekend  #fb
cant figure out how to get a DVD to download onto my ipod 
@gilldaniels I'm sorry  I feel bad!! But it was 8 in the morning, I wasn't thinking about DVDs, I was thinking about sleeping...
@faffypants same here.  I was going to do that song in 'roke, but forgot my CD 
@dave020 wow!!! i just could see her just one time in Argentina  , the DVD show....it was a great and exhausting...but i want more!!! lol
Kelly Clarkson CD is already in.  This is going to be a long ride to Scranton with @annibannani2 and @fakealvy.
Kelly Clarkson CD is already in.  This is going to be a long ride to Scranton with @annibannani2 and @fakealvy. I #blamedrewscancer.
I really hope 'away we go' is playing around here or else I'll have to wait until it comes out on dvd  http://short.to/gspl
Blah my neck feels like crap &amp; my DVD player is not working 
i can't open the cd. plastic 
feels so stupid to just have assumed that blue-ray is backward incompatible with DVD 
@lindentreephoto congrats!  But what a way to belt up!  Omg going to get a new DVD/VCR player now - ours died 
@hollyddunn pictures off a disc i have i cant get cause the disk is scratched. 
i knocked over all my dvds again 
@pennjillette to wait 4 it on dvd. 
Watchin Bratz awI miss NLT  I really wanted their CD boo its ok tht they wanted 2do their own thin but it wouldve been nice 2have their cd
@benroach That's true  he wanted a CD but it sold out, So now he's saying he just wants a quiet life, that's easier said than done. Lol
I really wanna see Bruno but it's rated R so I have to wait for the DVD  P.S. I hate school
@punkrocker20706 my mom refuses to go to see star trek, she wants to wait until it's out on DVD  we're going to see the proposal.
CD player on computer seems to be working fine (so far). Other functions of my computer are still inoperable. 
@bnddycl I haven't been able to get my disc to play yet 
@Shaantastic it's been canceled  pick up the DVD if you can.
@highheelslofi I totally wanted to see them and missed them   I'll just have to settle for a CD
@Rakundo Disc needs to be inserted the whole time which makes your computer loud, slow, and runs it out of battery in a second. 
@jonaskevin I want your CD to be here  i want it SO bad!
@USuMBS did you put it in the DVD or just.. extracted? err i am wondering if i need to buy a DVD.. 
enjoying the last episode on disc 2 of &quot;Weeds&quot; season 4.  Dreading the wait for disc 3 &amp; then long wait for the DVD release of season 5. 
It seems that DVD subtitles are images not text - the usual way to convert them is to use OCR, but that's not effective for Chinese 
@JenniferJmoy Sad part is I don't know where I put my copy of the extended version DVD. 
I want to sleep but my brother is watching a DVD in his room 
@meera its recoery disc got deleted and its warranty is gone  but hav to shell out 500 bucks to get it fixed
@moburns67 i might keep it in our new car but our other car has a DVD player so i don't get any choice in what we listen to. movies only. 
I am very hungover  all sara's fault. Dvd night tonite I reckon and then cafe for wine night tomorrow yay! 
A cautionary tale........: This is what happens when you store EZ mounted stamps in CD cases     The case gets  http://tinyurl.com/mnp2qo
@K7vans How long ago was &quot;the boat that rocked&quot; in movie theatres? I just looked on Netflix and there is no DVD release date yet 
@imrandy I knew I'd regret not buying the DVDs of her show last night at Half Price Books. 
@jessedarko weird &quot;is there a disk in the drive?&quot; clicking sound each time I woke unit, then tried to insert CD and it didn't &quot;take it&quot;. 
Oh Slacker, why do you tease me so?  I've got coverage, but you don't want to play.  Sounds like CD skipping   I forgive you though.
the podcasts don't want to go on the cd's  but i AM done with all the cd's! WINNN.
Is now watching disc five, agh i've lost, I know it. 
4 cores ain't enough - I need 8. Ripping a DVD, burning a DVD and importing 40GB of camera footage - maxed out at the moment 
@DebbieFletcher i bought a mcfly dvd, but my dvd player is not working 
@JustReese dile a sandy q q CD  xfissss si?
Apparently there are three hours and fifty one minutes until my DVD is burned. I'm unhappy. 
Coraline comes out on DVD on July 21?  It was supposed to be tomorrow!
Has had a rough and unproductive day. Including a broken drum, a broken DVD, and the song I got to practice is just a blank cd. 
I want Dave Days' CD 
@redcarwire When is the CD officially coming out? All of us over here in Georgia are lonely without your music! 
saw article title called 'how to throw a cd.'  the word 'party' was cut off  hoped article showed how to throw a CD a great distance.
I wish I was golfing  but i'm making copies instead.
@hookandhunttv My skeet game bites! I am not joking.  I will have to get that DVD, as the Sporting Clays one is fantastic!
@trickrtreat Any date on the DVD release?! 
Home alone  What do u do w/ a CD u love but cant listen 2 bc it reminds u of that 1 thng u dont wanna thnk of?
oh god... once i got this DVD from redbox; they started spamming my mail box ever since  cant even block them!
And just my luck, my mix CD won't work in my truck.  dammit
@ADLoucks Amen! You have the new cd yet... i don't 
AMC, don't show me the Aliens commercial. That makes me want to throw in the DVD, but it's bedtime. 
going to bed. long day.  @zbrinner decided to divebomb a blanket which was too close to a seat=black eye? also CD leak. also also rash. 
@robertrich They're so good. I wish I brought my copies with me. 
@theREALboyzone This tour has been AMAZING!!! Still can't believe there's no DVD coming  When are the other summer dates being released?!
82 DAYS LEFT: nikeplus.com has been down d whole morning  http://twitpic.com/8cq90 http://twitpic.com/8cqda greetings from cologne #1CD2X
I wish I could see Transformers 2 in theaters, but I think I might have to resort to watching it on DVD. 
Watching the game on YouTube.  they need to come out with their DVD series already. Fuckin havin to wait for this shit to load lol
there's nothing todo whilewaiting for this CD to burn!  Sucks I moved all my DVD's downstairs 
I'm so obsessed with Fallout 3! Shame it's a rental  but at least I get to keep it as long as I want! Yay for Tesco DVD Rental.
awesome, i annoyed the boyfriend cause i was rambling about the CD 
@agnosticanarch Disney has no current plans to release the Season 2, Volume 2 DVD. Apprently Season 2, Volume 1 didn't sell well enough. 
@DJSmiles  @brandonology is this a new CD? i only have one. how come i never got it Smiles!!! 
@MikeDowswell I love recommendations for sci-fi TV series! but I can't get Blakes 7 on netflix  &amp; only used/non-USA DVD on amazon, boo...
@xTheWhalerx alright cool, its just i got a bonus digital DVD and last time i got a bonus Family Guy digital one it went on to bother 
I wish my CD could hold more than 19 songs 
@codelust the dvd is with me. will bring when we meet next 
@GoldenFish00 I've got the DVD! (well it's not mine!) 
hmm, I should be sleeping but I'm making some awesome CD mixes 
@hihik DVD is fine. Stay tuned on the channel: more updates are coming soon 
@suziam I have that movie on DVD! 'Twas a childhood favourite 
@lilyroseallen I wished you would've signed my CD tonight. Thanks for talking to us for a bit outside the window. Greaaat show 
@AlexCraven yeah I saw. I'm tempted to get into it but think I'll wait till the DVD set is out. I like to be able to gorge myself on it 
@mrsibs CDs? How quaint !!  
@petshopboys Are the vinyl b-sides appearing on cd ever? 
@selenagomez Selena, you're awesome! :] I can't wait to hear your first CD! 
@7figpsychic  I love the Princess Bride too! Have it on DVD so we can watch it whenever we want -- inconceivable isn't it! 
myspace-ing. can't wait to go CD-shopping! hopefully i get some awesome ones 
@bucktowntiger Alright, so that's a bit better! Just a CD to the wind, nothing more, yeah? 
Just got back from the shops. Got 2 CD's and a DVD! 
@jmarie7481 My phone always sucks  And we'll get naked together so we can sell the DVD's on Amazon and start our own makeup company 
@Inyoureyes2410 still good ice cream, customize it at home with ur fave junk  gimme a list of CDs you need me to bring over
You'll be proud of me @Mikharper . I've watched all of Firefly and Serenity + DVD extras in 1 week  Its so good! Film made me sad though!
Rocking out to Power Ballads CD 3! Oh yeah im cool 
@ceanncait You should've brought extra CDs to sell 
jammed out a decent riff before lunch, got it recorded for future reference!  Then went up to town CD / guitar shoppin' with the old man.
@daniecetracey i dnt have her CD'S but i have her songs on my phone 
Watching old seasons of Grey's on DVD 
@Mtarbox20 Ohhh i soo want that DVD, let me know if it's good 
@rustyrockets watching your ponderland dvd, i love you! 
@originaltyler Also, coincidentally, I was just transferring old mix CD's I made to my iTunes and ''Always on Your Side'' was on one. &lt;3 
@Jessicaveronica you &amp; your sister sing AWESOME! I want the CD oh, you &amp; your sister are beautiful, too! you rock girls! god bless you! 
@ericadiaz I'll bring the DVD, u bring the grapples. 
I have been with family all day today  Checking in here and then checking out. Watched a great DVD on making Russian Filigree jewelry.
Such a lovely day! Going for a skate to deliver a way over due DVD and burn off some easter eggs 
@langfordperry i love 17 Again!! you and Zac are both great!! can't wait for the DVD. 
At jaiis house  need some new cds tbh lol
@dee_carney Haha, I missed it. But I think I have it on DVD somewhere over here. 
@johnfurst yeah me to. I have these all on DVD. I could watch commercial free. 
Just bought twilight on DVD very excited 
Decided that im going to make a collosal mass of DVDS so i'll never have to go to blockbuster again 
Watching Mini-series DVD now (3 hours long) 
@melzwah If I pay for a CD and the postage, would you be able to burn the 3rd disc for me? 
@ddlovato Its almost 4am and I am blasting ur CD.haha! Idc though...no one complained yet. ;P but have a blast in Madrid.love you girl!!! 
@tommcfly haha, depends on the DVD's you have, if you have Eurotrip, that's one I suggest  its a KILLER movie
Itching to watch my new DVD. But I can't be bothered. I'll watch it tomorrow. 
Uh oh... I need a blank CD... anyone have one I can borrow and not return? 
@yonasu got it? As in DVD? I go to dramacrazy.net for my drama-watching! 
Working in the office today. Off to get the new Depeche Mode album at lunchtime. Yes, I could download it, but the CD's a backup 
@djackmanson I've never seen it! But I voted for it  I kind of lost track in the later seasons and haven't bought the DVDs yet.
@the_prodigy We want the full track...maybe a live DVD? 
@JasonShand yeah... I went to look at the DVD in question when u 1st mentioned it, and I felt nothing at all... 
@rkstarNERD yeah i love that movie...i have it on DVD 
I must be one of the very few that hasn't seen any of the Bourne movies, so I picked up the 3 DVD box set for AU$34 dollars today 
@LukesBeard is it worth it buying the as i lady dying DVD? personally looking forward to the new KSE album 
@awarburton wait for the directors cut on DVD 
@Celz29 well i get paid tonight so thats gonna go on the DVD tomorrow and a PE of my own 
new dvd player 
waiting for my DVD to finish burning. im in the mood for some rascal flatts ... 
I can't stop listening to @ingramhill new demos, they are amazing! can't wait for the new cd! 
just bought some really good country CD's  Good effort on my behalf Kx
I love how InfraRecorder has that little smoke effect during CD burning! 
@Nic0pic0 LOL! my minions wont get it! LOL! im happy coz after watching the vids, someone is interested to buy their CD! @davethenaster 
just got out of bed  Ryan wants her to get him a CD todayy.. cbaaa!!
I'm listening to I-Empire by Angels &amp; Airwaves for the first time in months. I forgot how magical this CD is. 
@wickedgoddess if I give you cash and a grope will you get me one of the Dollhouse DVD sets at comic con? 
@cartoonmoney It does add a certain frisson to the character of Gray. Hmmm, might order myself a copy of that DVD 
@timscholz i got my DVDs to clean my hard drive. Can i call u? When? I should know what i am doing before i do it 
Abouts to go to the Library. I'm probably gonna get a CD or a few books to read.  I'm getting money laterrr!  YAY.
listening to the Mix CD Kayla burned me 
@TheDebster I thought so too until I saw Prince's triple CD at Target!! Choice!! 
i absolutely love @davedays ' song &quot;east to west&quot;. cant wait to get the CD &lt;3 everybody should buy it. @davedays deserves that 
@thatthereishope Because I thought it was going to be on the CD version and it wasn't... You should send it to me. 
@ johncmayer I'm watching your dvd: where the light is right now yerr so talented. 
1110 - Digital joy - I have my  TV, desktop PC, DVD recorder, VHS recorder, PS2 all set up and working thru' the one digital TV monitor  !
@fishcraik lol me and zoe had this discussion the other day, my HMV don't even stock CD singles anymore and it's big. the B side is good 
@ZombieNickolas I am also counting down the days till Aidens new CD drops! Fyi I am go love with the CD Conviction! You and all epic 
@TasminArcher just had the main hook from &quot;In Your Care&quot; stuck in my head so I dug out the CD and listening to it all over again 
While the rest of SA is watching Idols (blech!) I am watching a double DVD of Gov't Mule live in concert! Now this is *real* music.  
P.S. I can't wait to see @tammyshugart  and @ash_hole tonight at charlies CD release party!!!! Woooohoooooo!!! 
is about to watch 'the making of radioactive' dvd 
@joeymcintyre &amp; still lookin good as ever!  I still have (somewhere) the hangin tough VHS tape my parents got me when i begged!
@swarheit Eh, pressing play on DVR is easier than getting the DVD out of the case, putting in the player, etc etc.... 
@ILUVNKOTB I have one of their cds 
@sandana09 nope that is the name of the CD...sorry if I am answering someone's question, you were just my latest update 
Right after the match, DVDs were sold for 25 pesos. 
@primatage I dunno.  Which is why I'd rther get it on DVD 
@Watchdollhouse pre-ordered the DVD yesterday  so are we gonna rewatch eps 7-11 til fridays finale?
this weekend was too legit! kristys 16, chillin at home, ash roth CD! im happy! sad its over but sophomore year isnt! GOODNIGHT 
@Lawnmusic ...just bought the new Visions issue.. and surprise.. a Lawn-track on the CD... nice 
@cheadlek Another one will be coming later in the week, i won a Westlife DVD on trademe, one that i have been after! 
@katcal always wanted to see that film never got round to it must get it on DVD tell me if its any good 
Lots of money  some DVDs and this cute thing!!! http://twitpic.com/4jble
So I got up, went outside planted a few flowers and watched a lee evans DVD. Who knew bank holidays were so fun 
@madonnacalling my fav CD 
@geekjames It's amazing the DVDs I'll put on my Netflix list just based on the trash potential inherent in their titles 
@CinnamonCloud well you'll ether have to buy the DVD or wailt till july to see the Secret Episode!!   Episode 13! 
@princeryan No, I'm waiting for it to come to DVD. (I'm frugal.)  You saw it?
I got the new Silverstein CD. aha. Its AMAZING.  I highly recomend it.
And, I'm accumulating money again, so I can use a fancy finance app. Thinking of getting another CD or an IRA.  saving for a house. crazy!
listening to MCR, watching DVD's, chocolate hehe  awesome 
Just used my last DVD-R for the Windows 7 ISO. Next batch will be Lightscribe dicsc - I want to see how that works 
A movie's worst fate used to be &quot;Straight to DVD&quot;. Now it is &quot;Straight to DivX&quot; or &quot;Straight to Internet&quot; 
@Rebekah_McFly LOL nah ! of course you'll get the DVD first since you've already ordered it. i'll sign up to Bebo on Tuesday then! lol  xx
just finished watching my copy of the Twilight DVD. Ganda ng mga deleted and extended scenes.  http://plurk.com/p/svkch
just came back from seeing the boat that rocked, it was an amazingly cool movie, definitely getting it on DVD once its out 
says Diana, you wanna burn the pics for me on a DVD or CD?  http://plurk.com/p/svs4c
goin to watch some friends DVD's 
@Steveycrack Sweet! I expect you here in 10. And we can watch Elfen Lied. I have it on DVD  
@tommcfly harry singing was amazin  but does he only know that song coz he sung it on the wonderland DVD didnt he :S lol loved it anyways
Has sold another 27 CD's!!!! For more info or to order a CD, join my page on facebook!! 
for crying out loud's  CD release show 
@MopedEyes i love that song still! i found the cd of it that i bought when i was like 15 
@slangel1 and that is when you pop in a quiet dvd... 
@DCMA_MEXICO Your welcome.  I am currently listening to my new SIlverstein CD! I love itttttt.   You?
Watching 'MOVIES SUBT. Y ESP. LATINO' on PELICULAS DVD (luxitosss)  -- http://justin.tv/luxitosss #jtv #luxitosss
vdoBug kids DVD navigator giveaway #2 winners http://bit.ly/18JJzi ends in 24 hours 
How exciting! I won a CD &amp; beautiful print today from a book read-along I'm doing.  Thanks @BreneBrown    http://www.ordinarycourage.com/
sitting in an edit suite at TVOne.  Exporting shows for DVD's.  Hours of this to come, in a 80 degree room - but the internet is working 
Yay...Im gonna preorder my A Skylit Drive CD on Smartpunk.com It comes out JUNE 9th... 
Mums going to Queen Street Mall right now. CDs and DVDs coming my way. I am crossing my fingers Aiden's CD is there 
@CheapyD have printed the forum out and starting the training today looks very nice and handy to do!  thanks CD + CAGcast was great again
@LON3WOLF: If u install using a Ubuntu DVD (3.5GB) , then it comes with everything.. but I install live cd and download stuff i need 
Listening to Mr. Scruff's Ninja Tuna CD for first time. It's very awesome!  (I have the 'bonus bait' CD too, whoo)
ahahaha everytime i hear the backstreet boys'  Milleunium CD i think of my mom  lol 
new cd just arrived  i love my postman 
@midnightmovies Get thee to a DVD player 
YAY! ma marmaduke duke CD has just arrived  n i passed ma mock drivin test not long b4 i cn drive woop woop. good day me tinks 
Gig last night was awesome fun. A lovely feeling to play in a such a tight circle of musicians/friends. Sold tons of CD's.  x
@Cranialstrain Maybe aftere you've upgraded to XP SP3 you should slipstream that in to the CD to at least speed it up? or use Virtualbox 
Common Dreads CD+DVD, T-shirt, Live Bootleg CD, Juggernauts CD, Two Juggernauts 7&quot; Vinyl's = one shikari filled birthday present 
@officialmila I know &amp; I remember it; actually taped it &amp; had it transferred to DVD to add to the 'Mila Kunis' library. How can say that? 
listening to kelly clarkson.she is such an awesome musician. i need her new CD!i love long shot,i do not hook up,and if i can't have you! 
@CheriNJ whoohoo  I'm sure it'll be out on DVD in a month or so
@MissKeriBaby i love your CD and the songs! especially, change me, knock you down, and make love! keep it up 
@liz I used to have them too but I wanted HQ  I have both of the movies in DVD quality though
Anyone have Danny's Room Full of Smoke Vol.2 CD? I want a song from it really REALLY Badly! 
@fansoftwilight; Just got the twilight 2 disc dvd special edition! Wuuuuh! 
finished editing esession.  burning to CD soon. 
at home, making mum a CD to listen to in the car 
@fajarjasmin If you can't wait for the DVD,here's the link to stream it  broken into 6 parts tho. http://tinyurl.com/qcplz2
@imoneawesomekid You want? But I won't give you the CD.  )
Musica has a DVD sale to die for, ill show you what I'm talking bout tomorrow. I'm watching Heroes season 3 for the rest of the day. 
@love2shopnat I broke out the NKOTB CD... I had a blast   I was dreaming that I was on the boat...I'll should you pic's
@randolphmanoe haha ok.. I'll get the CD+DVD and @missrawis' notes *teteup* 
@anima I don't know the market price in Bali but in Jkt,2 DVDs for 20k is definitely not a good deal 
she said yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! my sister gonna buy it from the web! the DVD gonna be main! hahahahaha! 
@b1302 yeeeeeeah i hope Adam's the winner.. anyways both of them are recording a CD in the future, so i'm happy  haha
@BrownEyedDana i'm going to stop stare at the new DVD cover and go take a shower. i'm smelly! well, good luck with the bagruiut! 
The MacOS recovery DVD for my 17&quot; powerbook is 10.3 
is so enjoying the musical accompaniment of the new Gomez CD to the morning...making coffee and life taste its best 
War, No More Trouble http://bit.ly/mpUwL , can't stop listening to it, gonna have to buy the CD 
@patstrikesback - Family Force 5 is my fave band  They have a new CD out the 19th called 'Dance or Die w/ a Vengeance' ;) #familyforce5
@DinahLady I too, liked the movie!  I want to buy the DVD when it comes out 
GREAT! @Free @COLDPLAY CD on the official site  &quot;LeftRightLeftRightLeft&quot; http://www.coldplay.com/lrlrl/lr.html
@mygalmeg Opera browser, UnRarX archive unpacker, NeoOffice, VLC video player and Burn CD/DVD recorder. The best music player is iTunes 
Giving up CD boxes at last - going digital. Just signed up for a Zune pass. Listening to new music now 
@ournameisfun I pre-ordered your CD last night (in Vancouver) - when's it being released/when do you think I'll get my hands on it? 
@Arisotezza18 I'll IM you tomorrow.. I still want the Drake CD 
Anticipating new Thomas Dolby releases - first the singles collection w/DVD of videos, then individual albums w/extras.  
@Phenom1293 Thanks so much! I wish I could share it w/ pics. It's all a blur now...so hopefully I'll get the DVD. 
@sincereSunshine I am just hyping my cd up 
@neosublime which CD / ISO / whatever did you use to get this to work ? 
please everyone go vote for CD  http://www.sutasi.com/backstage/
@chrisfreeman awww. I heart those cartoons very much. enjoy the dvd! 
@sdunlop You want to catch up with the DVD's - you really do 
@tommcfly  Not see the DVD yet... He's not at Canada. I'll order 
@tommcfly i helped make the DVD number 1!!! ITS AWESOME! make some more of them please  and yes a shower would be a good idea
@BrianNeudorff Yikes.  Portable DVD Player I hope? 
no school today!  have just watched the McFly DVD! its brilliant! and Im on it xD lol.
Just watched the r:A DVD extra thanks to @sofiesunshine 
@iamgaberosales ) i`ll look past the CD and listen 
borreedd. i have have all of the good movies here.  uh-oh but the DVD player`s broken just last night. great, just GREAT. 
my whoopi stand-up dvd has been posted! 
making a mixed CD for my car ride into work 
@radha_ @dkris I can get u a DVD copy of it or we could arrange for a screening sometime! 
@YouWorkForThem  waiting for the next DVD Giveaway Question
Flat to myself tonight and tomorrow night. Plenty time to catch up with crafting, cleaning and DVD watching then! 
My CD was accepted to play in the GEM Hotel lobby and on their web site!!  http://bit.ly/kRNPV
@lleian I normally wait for DVD on movies any more. But I try to see all Ewan movies at least once in the theater. 
woooo I finally get a subway tomorrow  and finally get I buy Radio:ACTIVE tour DVD can't wait 
Our 3rd (EP) CD is shaping up... still more writing to do... There might even be a prequel to Utopia...  we'll see 
puts the DVD for &quot;The Two Doctors&quot; in the PC so he'll remember in the morning 
Just Bought JONAS BROTHERS CD.. 
@tracy2303 glad you like the necklace!!!    I hope you like the CD, too!  But it's totally cool if you don't! 
Thinking about a CD collection web 2.0 
Off to The Hague for instore-gig in 'The Beehive', as our Canadian promotor likes to call it  Live-DVD release should be today, I guess ;)
Brought DVD burner with lightscribe not trawling through CD/DVDS looking for stuff that i forgot to scrawl pen on is awesome 
@mikkohypponen Shameful Mikko, I know you refurbish ancient arcade machines, but come on...theres still time for cinema or DVD 
found a way to make ironing fun.... put on the croke park DVD 
Dvd player broke. Now in bed with the portable. Its quite comfy and now if im too tired i can just fall asleep 
@MoritzBuetzer haha that's awesome  I'll return the disc, though. I feel betrayed ;)
watching Transporter 3 on DVD! 
@sturbanclothing I haven't seen my vinyl copy of it for about 10 years! 
@ninirific I've got Season 2 Disc 1 playing in the background at the moment, while twittering &amp; playing TextTwist 
@Fionasays thanks for playing the new CD! I was just considering using twitter to ask if you had received it. 
@slighter Hey my CD came today! Love the silver sharpie signature!   I'll be popping it in the CD player tomorrow morning. Can't wait. 
@jennettemccurdy You have such a beautiful and powerful voice. I can't wait until your CD comes out. I know it will be amazing. 
@mitchelmusso so excited for june 7th and i of course already preordered it!! and im also buying the CD on the 7th!!! 
@dizonkristine Do I have to?! There are 5 boxes of just CDs and DVDs  I'll try, hopefully sometime this week haha
does anyone buy cds anymore? i feel like i'm the only one. i still download but i buy my favorite artists cds for sure. its a keepsake 
Hey @jonasbrothers Can you play a acustic show with songs from the new CD??  #jonaslive
Bought Elliott's new CD today. I am quite pleased with it 
@paquinanna Finally! My birthday TB Season 1DVD set arrived today - only 1 day late  I am so excited - will be watching awhile LOL
just got back from shopping!!!! got loads of DVDs and make up and a Hannah Montana CD 
@tommcfly write a song  one single for next cd 
@ddlovato i cant wait for your CD to come out. i love your song the middle 
@mzkalila great job!!!  And we can sit on em and pop those DVD with our legs propped. 
@whatabout_ken I'm especially excited about Skins on DVD.  And yep Dr. Horrible is on DVD. Will be fun to watch again.
Watching the they're only chasing safety dvd 
@wildisthewind With you on that conceptually. If I met a man who's DVD collection required more than two bookcases, I might marry him. 
@ddlovato EEEP! cannot wait! must. have. your. cd. now! 
@karenmorris His first act of revenge was 250 packets of confetti through my house when I married. Inside books, CDs, pots, blinds, socks 
@EmilyJamesK i got all three seasons of grey's on DVD for my birthday  me and you should have a grey's marathon weekend or something...
@pleasurep hey! I loved the way you handled those Spec questions the other day. The new CD is hot...can't wait for my copy! 
He's just not that into u is coming out on dvd. 
@cdlastimosa Thanks CD! 
@Safatopia wax discs mate... it's the future 
@DeadMemoriesX I am going to make a concert poster or a CD-cover for a band. and you? 
