Most common words for this cluster:
[('ear', 211), ('ears', 169), ('infection', 24), ('left', 12), ('lol', 11), ('plugs', 9), ('ouch', 7), ('headphones', 7), ('infections', 7), ('right', 7), ('today', 6), ('hurt', 6)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'ears', 0.9075949192047119), (u'ear', 0.9025815725326538), (u'undershot_jaw', 0.7185091376304626), (u'hurting_Azares', 0.659855842590332), (u'eardrum', 0.6351463198661804), (u'rousing_ovation_ringing', 0.6285800337791443), (u'lugholes', 0.6124741435050964), (u'ear_canals', 0.6105532050132751), (u'sweet_nothings_whispered', 0.6067206859588623), (u'Tritton_AX_###s', 0.6037854552268982)]





I just re-pierced my ears 
is suffering with the lugholes again 
Going deaf in my right ear. Too many feedback squalls at soundchecks.  In with the earplugs
ear infections blow 
wow, being 16 sucks so far, sick. and i cant even listen to my music or sing because my throat and ears are infected. oh joy 
@Kacymru sick. ears and throat hurting.  now gotta talk with the welshman for 3 hours 
Ugh! I just woke up with a horrible ear ache!! 
@angelroxy I have a blocked ear. It's really annoying me  figured you should know LOL
my ear piercing is bleeding 
I don't want to be clipped round the ear by lovely old people for having an unironed blouse on  What a scruff.
's ears are plugged !   
well my throat infection has reached my ear  i know sounds weird but my right ear is paining and the doc said its becoz of the infection
brought the rat to the vet, she has an infection on her ear. 
I am completely deaf in my left ear, what the hellllll this is very uncomfortable 
 want my ears to unplug.
My ears need a rest 
my ear is sore 
Only my right ear buds wrks  
@jasonboche Eyebrows, ears, nose...they all need trimmed as we get older 
i burnt my ear on my straighteners  *cries*
my ear is leaking!! 
My ears hurt 
ear infection is slowly killing me 
My ears went from an 8 to a 14 gauge! And I lost the $20 earrings. 
@PlusLadyG  i can take the sneezing,,it's the itching of the throat ..eyes... ears.. nose that i can't take 
i think my ears are bleeding.  #nataliebasingthwaite
Still stopped up and now my ear is hurting...so I'm going to the dr 
i woke up and feeling hurtting on my lift ear 
I woke up because thick, gooey blood was oozing out of my ears where I gauged them. 
@VioletsCRUK I keep thinking it's at my ear and I go mad shaking and jumping about  I won't sleep either LOL
ouch. totally random ear ache. 
I'm plugged up in one ear.  
is thinking of tongue and belly piercings. ughh. i know my mom wouldnt want that for me.  maybe i should add more on my ears? hahaha
is feeling wonky and unbalanced after trying to get the water out of her ear 
has a sore ear 
daddy found a sore in my ear 
Is it bedtime yet? *whimpers* There isn't one bit of me that doesn't ache...including my ears. 
i think my ears are broke 
burnt my ear like 2 mins ago on my straightener!!   owwww
I feel like i'm going deaf in my left ear.... 
Ear infections suck a lot as an adult  I never did outgrow these, I guess I am not all grown up yet.
i need to stop burning my ear on the straightener! 
@roccoman so sad  please be safe, me luvs U roccoman! *headbuts* and licks your ears =^..^=
My ear is fubar'd 
I am so sick that when I cough I feel like i have to cover my ears to keep my brains from shooting out my ears. 
has a tissue in her ear because her ears get blackheads and pimples.. they hurt worse then the ones in my nose..  owie.
blahh an ear infection and strep throat.. oh the joy! 
I want a new piercing but my ears are too small. . . What do i do? 
headache and my ears keep popping 
I think this fire alarm might cause permanent ear damage 
my glands are getting all swollen behind my ear - never a good sign  and i have so much planned for the weekend!
in** 2 weeks.  apparently sleep deprivation also makes one mentally retarded. fix my ear! 
Ear infection  Really, really painful ear infection.
cut my ear. so sad 
does anyone else have headphones that hurt their ears  *tear*
My ears need to pop 
@jordansweetn    haha i want one in my ear 
very afraid that ralph's might have skin cancer on his ears. mom too much in denial to take him to vet 
Just found out my little girl's got a perforated ear drum   No more waking her up with an airhorn then
i have a sore and itchy ear 
My right ear lobe hates me 
@lilyroseallen Always   And I then look like a freak always putting my ear to the top of the can to see if I can hear buzzing
@foreverisfine I know sucky eh....  least we have alcohol gel practically coming out of our ears here!
got an intense ear infection, ears have been bleeding all night could be perminant if i dont let them cure properly 
my ears are getting worse 
@AlliD I think they put it in me.  I've had an earache ever since our conversation about your ear issues the other day.
When I am wearing my trumpet I can't reach my ears to groom them; I have tufty bits like an old man now 
Ringing in my ears still 
Its hard to sleep with someone chewing in my ear!  Its times like there that I need a sofa bed
My guages don't fit in my ears anymore. 
ew ew eew. ear buds gross me out 
still has a plugged ear from the flight 
/my fucking ear hurtsss! /:  D: |:&lt;
@flyingninja they're really good! Haah but my ears hurt  they play too loud!
I need some plugs. for real. my ears want to stretch. and I have no money 
Trying to get this swimmer's ear to go away!! 
I feel like crying! One of my diamond earrings fell out my ear bc it was loose and I can't find it. I've had them forever 
My ear are popping. 
I just burnt my ear 
@redsbuzztap why did votto leave?  I'm worried about this ear infection!!
@imajf1987 why are your ears bleeding?  
those fire alarms seriously hurt your ears. A LOT.  worse than concerts.. haha.
My ear popped 
I cannot hear out of one of my ears. 
My ears are ringing. . . 'WHAT!!?!' .. my puppies are aching too.  totally worth it.
Ahhh i wish the ringing in my ear would stop 
got her ear lobe peirced for the third time today and it still hurts 
@felicityfuller Only thing is one of the dogs has a bloody ear, small nick on the ear flap prob caused by rough play with ball earlier 
My ears are ringing 
i guess im getting rid of my plugs.  for normal sized ears.
 my ears hurt
@ITSMEMAAAC i iz not  lesbian though  and tyvm&lt;3 but yeah, no penis in the ears..
Listening to awful kareoke,  my ears hurt.
is not feeling good at all... fever and blocked ears... miserableness 
burnt my ear with a straightner now it's all red  *please swell back down*
@patkstereos i wish i could hear it  lucky i have the song blasting on my computer and im killing my ears so all good?
My ear is red 
my ear is blocked 
my ear is really saw stupied ear jucie that is blocking my ear drum the fucking pills i am takeing are massive ans still not working   !
Ugh there's water in my ear 
@benjorg aw ben  getting burned does hurt. i burned my ear on my straightener a few times. hot coals isnt a good idea either though haha.
My ears are blocked  Wuuuuut's going on?!
ear ache! 
i think my ear is infected... 
A mosquitie bit me on the ear.  
in winnipeg waiting for the plane to leave to hammytown..my ears hurt. 
I want my ears gauged. 
ehh my ears hurtt 
Ear hurts its bed time no creativity at all today!  and no starbucks either lol didnt do much of the homework i had either .....in all ...
One of my headphones ears has broken 
is still not used to in-ear headphones 
stupid ear-pimple is hurty 
@dmeeno the clash are too good for their armand van halen ears. 
just clipped the straightener on my ear  ouch
Is hoping my son's ear infections are getting better.  I hope he doesn't need tubes.    
still has clogged ears it's fucking horrible 
my ears popped! why are you all talking so loud 
So jason is doing my hair and he just accidentally straightened my ear lobe 
my much anticipated ear candling appointment for today has been postponed 
When it starts feeling like I'm on a boat I know a big ear infection is on it's way. It feels like I'm on a boat with 15' waves hitting 
@PrincessKhalida just my ears, lol, I don't have any of those freaky piercings. Where have you been twinnn!? I miss you! 
My ears hurt 
My ear is so freckin sore its not funny 
My throat still hates me. It has now made friends with my ears. They are both tryin' to destroy me in unison 
ah my ear is really red. 
From 8 to 6. Ears hurting 
Sadly, my left ear has difficulty hearing at some, maybe at a high frequency now 
@madlawstudent so your legs are on fire and there's buzzing in your ear.  poor bb can't sleepies again 
has a super bad ear infection 
my ear is swollen  stupid roller coaster
@MommaSalty my ears would bleed 
I am at work with one bad ear infection! 
http://twitpic.com/6ivh3 - I have my earphones back! ah... the depth of music is soothing to my soul... apple earbuds are evil incarnate 
I been up since 8 @jaideeh been docs  got imflamation in the bones in my ear and jaw  can't chew or yawn or talk to much !!!!!
@rizwaniqbal i've been telling @HarshG and @maneeshm to get a puppy in office...but so far my please have fallen on deaf ears 
is not enjoying being deaf in one ear.. 
@AmMarvellous that hurt my ears  hehe
My new headphones are hurting my ears and givin me a headache 
Ear drops in left ear..... I cannot lay down when I HAVE too 
@dave1010 bags don't have ears 
my ears bleeding again 
My ears just popped. Ouch. 
My ears 
my ear is bleeding 
I have water stuck in my ear. 
my ears are hurting 
With danny at rage..this is the ear he can't hear out of  http://twitpic.com/6q9wj
@ifiredmyboss604 i was looking for bunny ears 
I've got birds in my ears and a devil on my shoulder and a phone to the other and I can get a hold of him. 
temporarily deaf in my left ear  hopefully just temporary lol damn shotgun lol
@danielwarhol -- it just floated in ma ear from a source. 
i need new headphones for my ipod. i can't hear out of the right ear. i really liked those headphones 2. 
My ears are too small for my ipod earphones! They hurt!! 
my ear hurts  i wonder if my ear will ever be normal!
@froggie775 I've only ever had my ears syringed once &amp; I loved it. Then last time I used this oil, went for syringe and nurse said clear 
To top it off I lost one of my ear plugs. 
My inner ear aches 
definately gauging my ears back up too fast. lol i just ripped the whole inside of my lobe. ouch! it wont stop bleeding 
My ears are really sunburned...I never remember to put sunscreen on them... 
I just got vodka in my ear 
My ears hurt 
Ear ache.  
i have a frekin ear ache nd its annoyin :@ 
I've got a 'swimmy' ear - although i haven't been swimming? 
just cleaned my ear bare loads cause it was hurting  x
Not only is my hearing aid broke but now I can feel fluid in my ears which is making it harder to hear  need sudafed.
Ears are ringing, shoulda worn earplugs tonight. 
there's a screeching sound somewhere but i cannot find the source. it hurts my ears 
Finally home. Why are my ears filling back up again? 
ears bleeding again 
There is a really bad ringing in my ears 
@ear1ess 
@johnrobison what's the verdict from the ear doctor?? 
I have small ear canals  ....headphones won't stay in my ears.....
@sylviebug  don't let it getchyoo down... and especially don't cut of your beautiful ear!
why aren't my ears 0g yet?  i think this weekend, i will get 6g plugs and a taper.
my ear stings 
I obviously didn't want to wear my plugs today. 20mm is gonna be about 10 by the time I get home. Ear looks like a cats bum 
Ear piercings are hurting and my self devised mono for wednesday is bollocks 
Dying with some sort of ear infection...  
@modsognir me head tubes are all blocked - my ears huuuuurt 
how am i sooo retarded that i didnt put sunscreen on my ears!! eff 
not a gig person, definitely. hillary and chris you two better love me  my ear drums are dyingggg
Ear infection 
new stretcher = swollen ear....ouch 
I can't hear in one ear! Whats going on! 
just put 1&amp;5/8 in my ear, lmao I can't fut the other in 
got her ear burnt 
Spltting headache irritability naseau ringing ears sore joints cold sweats. What would House do?  'Its not lupus!'. I feel like crap 
mmm don't hear much with cottonwool in my ears.. damn ear infection 
My ear is in so much pain right now   
@missmariahnet hardly! my ear druns will not be hearing that tragedy 
I swear I have fluid in my ear. 
oo my ears and throat hurt!!!! i hate that I cry when I don't feel good 
 I have one big swollen ear...antibiotics again!
Ah water in my ears 
OWWW, fuckkkk mah ear 
my ears hurt 
i have water in my left ear  no bueno.
thinks she has a major ear infection 
My mommy just told me my singing hurt her ears. 
@kimmy_who parents don't approve of putting holes in ears 
I *lost* one of my earrings not long after my tweet about them jumping from ears. Do my ears repel metal? Retraced my steps to no avail. 
my ears are on fire  at least they are hopefully getting better! ugh
@contrarygirl chocolate always helps!  hope you're not coming down with the throat/ears thing too 
is going to do lawn work. and my headphone shorted out in my ear 
is probably gonna have to go to the hospital to deal with this ear thingy 
My ears have been ringing all morning 
 my left side senses are not working water in my ears ! (
Just landed, my ear hurt 
Too much phone hurts my ear 
http://twitpic.com/7kncd - really diggin' these. i think i have crooked ears 
My ears are soar 
i kept accidentally bangin my ear against my pillow and now its a little swoll 
my ear is fucking killing me......I think I have an earache 
my ear huuuurts!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  @Taimez bring me some night time advil asap!!! Booooowhooo i hate hate ear infections
Ear infections suck ass!  How do i get rid of it. 
Ouchie my ears hurt a lil now 
I had a pimple inside my left ear today. I popped it, it bled, it hurt 
@midzeee I know but they will have a poor clipping on the ear  I don't want that...
I wish i could get a piercing other than ears and belly 
has freezing ears!! 
my ear is really sore booohoohoo 
i just found this weird lump on my ear... ouch! it hurts 
ear drums recovered but now he's awake  back to the plugs! ;)
 my ear just started bleeding
I want to get my navel pierced and a industrial in both my ears, I took out my gauges 
got my ear pierced last weekend and took it out already because my ear blew up the size of a blimp and i'm in pain. 
No feet on the back, no tongue on the ear either. But he is a heavy breather to begin with.   He always smells of strong peppermints.
ouch mai ears... fire alarm testing 
It seems only appropriate that I have discovered some hearing loss in my left ear. 
@xerulean it could be her ears  I'd take her to the doc. I've been told that they pull at their ears sometimes when teething 
Never under estimate ear candling - I have ear infection now 
tickly cough. time for a whisky toddy then back to bed!! up at 6  Ear plugs fitted tomorrow!
The hum in my left ear is bad tonight... 
My ears hurt 
I think my ear might be getting infected 
@coconutghost they're both horrible  but i'll go with gokey because he offended my ears w/ scream on #gokeyisadouche
@fcthetruth AAAhhhhh.. ouch my ears hurt.. 
My ears hurt!  
Ear's keep popping!  car siiiick.
I hate my couch. I slammed my ear on it and it hurt  stupid industrial why do you hurt?!
doesn't not enjoy re-piercing ears 
really wishing my ear would quit aching again. 
My ears are cold 
@meganreis ...........................that made my ears bleed 
My ears just popped 
vball @ 8-still livin it up with my ruptured ear....I'm halfway deaf rite now 
oh my ear....! 
has an infection in my left ear. I can't hear out of it. 
I got water in my ear and now I can't hear  I got mad rhymes.
ouch my ears hurt. 
i have rashes behind my ears, wth....? 
My ears won't stop bleeding. I will never stretch again. 
I want to stretch my ears. I wish i had earings 
I've a really bad ear infection and it's doing my head in 
I do not like the stretching process, my ears hurt like a bitch 
My left sinus,ear, and gums are infected...i shall call myself pus face 
's ears are stopped up and I can't take it anymore 
my cat bit my ear, wouldn't let go, then fell asleep...ouch 
@claudy14 no no... well i have &quot;otitis&quot; i don't know as say it x) well my ears hurt a lot 
No #bobfail today.  Ear gunking out crap so definitely looking like #jamesehfail 
My knuckles hurt so bad! I cant stop popping them. 
just popped a bubble in my ear 
I blew out my ear 
burmt my ear on my curling iron.  ouch!
My ear is blocked  stupid sickness 
I just woke up but i still feel horrible...this ear infection is killing me 
I haue another ear infection. 
still has a painful ear.  
Needs to po my ears but can't 
's ears hurt  x
@nbc12 We already used rabbit ears.  We actually get more channels since the change, but lost you. 
needs to know what to do when you have water in your ear! 
Trying not to die from my ear 
My ear won't stop ringing!!  
Hates tonsillitis, my neck and ears feel all funny and hurry 
@30SECONDSTOMARS when is the albun coming????  my ears need it!
Stretched my ear to a 8mm its really sore 
Trying to get the size 12 plugs in my ears. It hurts!!!!! 
can''t find my ear phones  where did i put them ?
@rikkisixx Don't see ears or paws 
Ear is still clogged after 4 days of ear drops. Now what? 
@Theelgrego they make my ears bleed. 
My chest hurts  really bad, my clit, my ear, my chest arrggh
my ears are ringing 
U noe how some ppl can twitch their ears? I can, and it become a bad habit.. I keep that muscle tensed up, and gives me headache often. 
i've burnt my ear and it hurts like helllll 
@psprkl It makes their little ears explode 
ear infections suck! 
@LindseyBeckett no i have a cold and a ear ache 
I wish I didn't have a bardie ear 
My ears infected I think.... 
@tina_3192 ouch my ears 
these earrings are making my ears itch. 
my ear is swollen ; that's a bad sign 
My teddy hurt his little ear 
My ear is bad. It's like I can only hear myself. 
I have water stuck in my ear.   It won't come out.  
I still have sand in my ears 
ok sooooo..... i found the plugs I want for my ear and they only come in 1'' or bigger  I have 1/4'' gauges
My ears hurt. 
Why is it when I get a good buzz going I get the worst ringing in my ears? 
My ear is keeping me awake. I do not heart this one bit 
my ears hurt. 
@girlsdoingcoke Yours have infection? Lol, my tragus ear ring drop 
still cant hear in my right ear worse plane/ear experience of my life 
My ears are still clogged with ocean water 
i have a horrible ear ache 
holy shit i can hear myself blink.... oww my ear 
one of my ear phones broke 
swimmer's ear is not fun. so long pool, I'll see you when my ear stops throbbing. 
My ears are really burning up 
sumones talking about me my ears are burning thats what they say isnt it 
My ear is swelling. 
The end product? An ear and throat infection 
eugh stupid hayfever..my ears are so sore right now 
@pansy_lane Ear infections are the ultimate worst!  I love youuu.
i wish i knew what to do.. baby is teethin has a fever n something wrong wit his ear... 
My eyes are burning, my ears are ringing, my throat burns, im about to throw up and theres noone to cover my shift 
uff! my ear kills me. so much pain, that i could cut it off 
I have a blood clot on my ear 
My ears are still clogged from the pool  well only the left one but it sucks i be yellin on the phone lol  &amp;4.5683.78236&quot;
i have the worst ear infection. 
My ear piercing has closed up  I will have to get it redone...
My ears really hurt!  but i'm in california!
@StefwithanF lol, I am getting it done for comic con &amp; I had too many bills early. I also have a scar above my ear, so can't use homekit 
@its_teen he got surgery on his ear so he has to wear it so he doesn't scratch it and stuff 
has a burnt ear 
still can't hear out of my left ear 
A fly just tried to go in my ear   me in hills and running is not a good combo
About to board a plane with my ipod but no ear buds 
Still have headache, but it moved from right ear to left eye. 
@frazierbooty you mean in your ears 
@renatak I got you...the Bablefish is firmly planted in my ear 
@tonberry_ohm you see! (unless my ears ar dying too o 
Getting one more piercing in each ear, and a third one in my right ear. And some new jeans hopefully! 
My ear has unblocked itself. This makes me happy 
has a clear ear  
@shedfire superlight rigid only 29er?   /Ears prick up........  
@thepurpleblug You're welcome! I haven't made mine yet, but I think I will do crocheted ears. 
@dezisloan q tips are amazing to my ears 
@SFOBear are you ears ringing? cuz me &amp; @nuiko are talking about you... huuuuuuuu! 
Yay my ears match 
It's not even cold here, but im wearin a big jacket! It's got cat ears on it 
least some of korn had ears to listen 
is smiling, up to his ears.  http://plurk.com/p/t0e7w
@michaelcummings The ability to stretch my ears for hundreds of meters. 
@NPnak &quot;all I keep hearing is dicks in my ears&quot; 
Uust stretched my ears to 26mm. Not going any bigger 
@capski I got my mouse ears from club 33. 
my hoodie has ears 
. @Ealz oh  really? ((cupping my ear)) what else can you tell me 
@axelfonte @iammaru I'm all ears guys! 
@mpolinar I'll sing to you  but ur ears might bleed
I want to nibble her ears. 
ear doesn't hurt anymore  yay for 10mm, will put the 8mm in other ear tomorrow!
Finally was able to change my earrings since my holes are almost fully healed. I have much bling on my ears now 
@adixoxo tell me. I have a bag of popcorn and muh ears r open. 
@eusticity i r jealous of your silver mirrors! i want in ears 
@thedailysurvey i love those hoodies that have animal ears on them. 
Ears are ringing 
@Liteskinpoppin I told u whisper in your ears sweety 
cleaning my ears with a q-tip makes me think I'm massaging my brain. 
@kashaziz both ears open meaning it goes in one and out the other... LOL! 
