Most common words for this cluster:
[('end', 839), ('week', 47), ('day', 39), ('year', 36), ('month', 27), ('weekend', 26), ('summer', 21), ('era', 19), ('things', 19), ('ends', 19), ('com', 18), ('today', 18)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'end', 0.9163813591003418), (u'ending', 0.6264397501945496), (u'ends', 0.6038976311683655), (u'beginning', 0.5746604204177856), (u'Giunta_hitch', 0.534596860408783), (u'faking_comprehension', 0.5334352254867554), (u'detours_forks', 0.5312157869338989), (u'%_#F########_7v.jsn', 0.5252504944801331), (u'start', 0.5150874257087708), (u'BY_KIMBERLY_NICOLETTI', 0.514886736869812)]





My peace, quiet &amp; stress freeness is bout to come to an end 
Freshly Squeezed lied. They only showed the video in the end! 
@MilkyMooMoo yuk! end of year accounts   I need to make a start of mine too!
what a fantastic week end -- did some plumbing -- didn't work, fitted a touch panel --- broke it 
@innocentdrinks prob not first to say this, but I really really hope this coke deal  isn't the end of the innocence! 
@Ps8612 I missed the end of I love money 
pc bluescreen'd on me O_o it's nearing it's end 
Standing between me &amp; spring break: 6 days, filing taxes (I owe  ), end of term and figuring out grades, dentist today...
Y do I always end up havin to wait for hrs on end for a certain someone to show up 
Nearly cried there at the end of the episode  lol
@jaeleepersonal I think it's set in stone untill end of 09, if the rumors are true. 
that was the end ?  #asot400
So tired. and my spring break is coming to an end. 
About the time we can make the ends meet, somebody move the ends. 
Quarter til midnight. spring break is nearing its end 
@thatgirl22143  This was back when he was 19, I believe. He wont get his license back til the end of this year. 
Just watched a man date come to an end, it was cute btw @AngelReds just lost his phone 
@sstanich i know  &amp; now my expectations are so high 4 some awesome food right now but i know im going 2 end up with grilledcheese tongiht
unemployment is fun!!!! too bad mines is coming to an end 
An appropriate ending for the last rave I will ever attend in an official capacity or otherwise 
@fashionchalet i didnt end up eating mexican  i have curry instead. boooo!
Another day of studying. I want to go outside and play.  It will be worth it in the end.
the end... 
It kills me to prepare for the mid-term. 
@EmoHearts_x :o doomsday makes me cry at the end 
is exhasted! And I still have so much to do before it all ends! 
Weekend about to end 
@louisgray it's the end, see you on friendfeed 
My apt has been rented, im out of little italy by the end of may 
@Tittch Nevertheless you will spurn me in the end. They all do eventually... x x 
Why do the birds go on singing why does the sea rush to  shore don't they know its the end of the world cause you don't love me anymore 
why do we make judgements based on initial appearances? It sucks when u r on the receiving end  Pls. don't do this to others.
@youreprettyyay Me too.  Especially ones at the end of a vacation.
@kateniz much darker down here  we have cloud cover in the east end
Starting to notice an increasing feeling of dread, y'know, end of holiday blues.           
it always feels like I am waiting for the weekend to come around, and when it does, it just flys by....again!, but I fear the end of june 
nearing closer and closer to the end of the holidays. its enough to bring me to tears  damn you school!
@britneyspears just came back from the concert! loved itttt! what was up with the malfunction at the end? 
i want to go back to sleep. like asap. i hate when spering break ends. 
Doesn't think she's goning to make it till the end of this term let alone the rest of the school year. 
went out in the end...had chips....blast!! 
When will this day end?!!!  
working from home still doesn't allow you to enjoy the good weather, i'm tied to my desk with no end in sight 
@TheEngTeacher yeah would love to participate, but keep hitting dead ends 
And so another shit day draws towards the end...didnt even get a single present 
@belindaang It is really bad with the change effects going multi-directions hitting everyone in the supply chains right down to end users 
after this week-end , Holidays wiil be over    ...
4 he coding a solution that in the end, was just not practical. A coders life is not all wine and roses. 
@Juicytots Exactly, he really got the crummy end of it   He's happily serving in the shop, I admire his cheeriness while I have my b'fast
@attila i am still, and till the end of time, suzi9mm. as for great art, unfortunately been quiet in that front  lets hope for a change...
@annaqui are you at a loose end?  i'll try get martin to set off at 4am so we can be there as early as poss, hahee!
so glad the week-end is here and of course it's raining 
3-3 woo! but they pulled it backright at the end 
@twistedraisin *hugs*  the end of trips are so anticlimatic
says DAMMIT. It`s almost the end of summer.  http://plurk.com/p/rdq2f
blahh, windows 7 didnt install correctly i got a BSOPD right at the end of the installation 
i wish this trimester doesnt end 
I was offline for a week. don't feeling good. I'm sad. depressed mood, I never have luck with men.  what now? Its that the end?
Its so weird saying goodnight and being separate  the end of an era.
@Rotae deadpool at the end isn't Reynolds 
 the end of him and me. very sad ending.
can't believe the w/end is over already &amp; in 12hrs I'll be back at work. 
end of the festivities.. fuck 
@DLDAVID no  was supposed to..had ticketst n evrythn...in the end, came down to parents wasnt allowed 
Long weekend's about to end. Geeez. 
working 'till the end of the road 
can't believe there is only 1 day left of my long w/end! It went so fast! 
is angry that when I make up a song, I can never remember it and I only get a hook or beginning then have a mental block 
my long weekend is coming to an end 
@steph_williams quite good so far, another day to go. and yes one more at the end of may, then none until end of august 
I feel like I am going to be small by the end of this night. I feel so weak. 
if they do it i will have double vacations and this is awesome too but at the end of the year maybe we have to take those lose classes  
Too bad the weekend is coming to an end... 
@markhoppus leasting 6 min to your day end 
I am slowly starting to realize that this fabulous weekend has come to an end and I need to go to sleep 
an end of an era is upon us and i'm feeling extremely sad about it 
lost my lucky penny in the middle of the round  didnt end well ....
I'm not feeling good at all!!! I'm thinking back to my amazing week-end...it makes me sad!!! 
@lovewillie there are too many people that aren't signed at the end of the year  
Is off back to the uk soon  oh well all good things must come to an end
@darrenporter Why do weekends come to an end 
well that was an unsuccessful walk...got to the end of the driveway and it started raining 
and the long weekend comes to an end.... 
@MattArlauckas it's a bit late to plant them, should be in teh ground by end of march here  but may still do okay...
My mini vacation is coming to an end. 
end of the week 
just finished watching marley and me! i cried at the end. 
oh I hate these end of the year mood swings 
doesn't have a be-all, end-all, all-in-all, all-purpose iPhone with a headseat and can't talk to @davidstarlingm while she works.  
@Jamesashton20 there is always too much month left at the end of the money 
aww the end 
@Scifispace I think it was awesome...but sadened me that it was the end  of it all 
I love romantic movies but they always remind me at the end that i dont have anyone. 
Just changed the front driver side end link -- didn't even know it was broken. That explains the spongyness when I was driving. 
The past 24 hours have been completely amazing....please don't make an end come to them 
one of the best weekends is about to end 
senior year is coming to an end 
So my vacation is coming to an end back to work 2morro 
@omgzitsdanielle ugh i feel you on this  it's okay. we will be thin and tan ladies by the end of the summer!
whew! end of lunch break..still sleepy 
@edrafalko i'm really reaching the end of my rope, here.  i NEED income.  and i'm seriously thinking NO ONE likes me. 
thinking about what happen today. maybe i overreacted, but you hurt feelings. I am sorry i hope we dont end on bad terms 
@yoimajunkie I'm watching too. She had amazing energy.  I'm not going to watch the end though 
Snot monster is at the docs again: when will this end! 
little dissapointed..little store down the road that sells basically odd and end mexican stuff also has fresh fruit...closing.. 
too bad he dies at the end 
@alessandrahhh I know, it was actually hard to watch at the end since I lost two dogs this past fall.  More uplifting ending, please!
The end of an era is upon us, for my computer chair has broken 
@candydiaz lol really? i was only seein the end of it... i never really noticed it cut some of it off  that sucks
end of #greys_anatomy w baily, is kicking me in the gutts.. i want my man back  where did we go wrong..? :'(
Slightly simmered down now. Possibly still would have lost, but the umps completely screwed the contest in the end. 
hello all ... massive hangover today ... end of the football season for me 
My breakfast was boring in the end!  
@omigod It is the very end of Prisonbreak!  But a good ending it was..
My weekend alone is coming to an end. 
Has just been informed her supply of rose wine has nearly come to an end... 
at sams house ..missed the ending of into the blue because i had to go 
Weekend is about to end 
@nickgravelyn Thanks, I couldn't test my idea, my gold account ran out can't renew until the end of the month 
just watched the end of prison break....And all I can say is wow.   
Wish i'd stop fucking up. If i don't i'm gonna end up losing the ones i love most.  which is already happening.
my present to myself at the end of the year: buying something from the fbr webstore. just can't decide which band... 
wants to eat to her fullest once her papers end! But this few days small appetite  How to go sakae on wed??
The fog is rolling in... our little heat spell has come to an end, alas 
feels stuck.have to sign the contract by the end of today otherwise i loose the offer! not keen on the company 
@MeganAppleseed we had a kick ass art fair last week end and i missed it.. 
@natalieannem so dreading? :/ finish (hopefully) end of next year. I would go now and do uni there if I had money  where do you wanna go?
...and yes, I did cry at the end of the episode.... they added an important character, which the actor passed away, to the end. 
@tommcfly omg i saw that last night too! well wasn't expecting that at the end! shouldn't have done it! now jack and kate will never meet 
@HMSophie i cant, have to work in la end of june 
@deabush @kbushling all good things must come to an end, it seems... 
the heater in my psychology portable is broken.  its the end of may and im freezing my butt off.
mixed feelings at end of term... should I be happy or sad?  
in the library, revising! Not sure what i though about the end of #lost?! 24 tonight, then the end of prison break tomorrow 
in the library, revising! Not sure what i though about the end of lost?! 24 tonight, then the end of prison break tomorrow  (@MikeyFire)
@pauloelias we tried looking for you guys at the end, but couldn't find you 
@rljacobson hmmmm... i hope this story doesnt end badly 
Having a bad end to a bad week ... Never going to be a great coder at this rate  #nevergonnamounttanuthin
Having a bad end to a bad week ... Never going to be a great coder at this rate  #nevergonnamounttanuthin http://bit.ly/hAKn2
i ate too many clinkers  listening to kasabian and getting ready 4 the living end!
@kirwenn where did you gooo this morning! I wanted to watch the end of the mooovieee 
prob won't have much hair left at the end of today 
my mouth might possibly be infected again. when will this ever end? 
sprained her ankle right before the only rush, at the end of her shift. 
@O2 But not as an upgrade presumably? so it'll be a new contract and an end to my loyalty discount. 
@shedfire it's the end of an era  I was looking at those a while ago, they look good
its been a long week and the end isn't in sight yet 
writing the evaluation report on my graduation project... it all comes to an end...  (or do we get subsidised?)
The end of #boyinthestripedpyjamas still makes me cry, even though I've watched this movie loads already  It's so sad 
at my brodudes house..my vacation is coming to an end 
@SPTimesMoney some light at the end of the tunnel, I guess. 
Not only did we forget to buy new toothbrushes but this is the worst peggle level ever. What an end to a great night  #fb
@stonesimon didnt happen in the end she is in hospital 
Working ... month end... i really hate month end... 
All good things must come to an end. 
@jiselleroman it might be   i didn't know an end date for it
The end 
The perfect end to an awful day...a good friend of mine just pass aways  !
@be_au haha im struggling to get an extra digit on the end of my score 
I should go to sleep but I still have so much things to do... I guess I'll have to work this week end 
@justex07 excited to see the end.... i wish the new movie would have brought renewed interest! wishful thinking!!! 
http://twitpic.com/65zvr - end of summer!!! 
???? ?? stored procedure? ????? ??? ???? ??? ????? ?????? ??? ?? ???? ????? end? ??? ?????. ???? ??? ????? ?? ?? ???? 
@mark_ca now that's just mean. this mean your addiction to me is spiraling towards anger? I'm gonna end up in some creepy woods 
I wish it was the end of next week already. 
is naruto's ending is near  http://plurk.com/p/wxcmy
@bdule the installer is crashing towards the end of the installation 
@badlady Think of the prize at the end. So sorry to hear that though. 
@nicolahunt nice way 2 end the week... 
@twilightgossip sad about young love coming to an end  They were sooo cute together!
http://twitpic.com/66ydb - @jenleighbarry I made sure you got credit at the end of the book...I'm sure I forgot people though. 
watched prison break special, such a sad ending 
@Mandaril blocked on this end  I'll have to try and remember it for later
wow my trip to tampa has come to an end... 
I was waitin' so many new and good songs about the end but I didnt like it so much 
wondering why my boyfriend hasnt called me for a week.. . i think the end is coming for is... 
@kiyoshimartinez - 05/31 marks the end of our roommate era. And you never made me empanadas again.  
@kiyoshimartinez -- 5/31 marks the end of our roommate era. And you never made wontons for me again. 
@daverexwood congrats to the A's!! ugh, we still have til the end of june 
@bogwhoppit Aw  yes we had it out for weeks got asked to return it in end! I wish they had just bought it for me! never mind ??
so we got our cap&amp;gowns today! senior year is coming to an end soo fayst! 
Thing always end up going bad 
Coming to the end of my vacation. 
@KallieT this is sounding like the worst lurgy ever - the one that just won't go away ..  ...are you ready for end-of-rope action yet??
@jollyassjerk it's month end  I'm here till 11
@cityofedmonton - the service on the west end of #yeg is a joke after 6pm. And the 2 and 150 been late doesn't help.  #yegtransit #fail
watched spelling bee dvr ran over missed the end 
is wondering how many times I can get dicked over before I just give up. I'm seriously at the end of my rope tonight 
This might be the end of the road for the Nuggets this year. 
Ugh. There's some annoying low end distortion in the final mixdown of my file.  I may have to edit it with another program.
has run out of T-shirts... 3 days before the end of the mission 
and try to get some more cleaning out/organising done whilst being logged in.. it's the end of month so not expecting it to be busy 
@jpmclean  I think I used a different one in the end.
I'm 20 tomorrow, my teenage years are coming to an end 
@elevature i teared up at the end when he was talking about the legacy he is leaving behind. he was sad  but conans going to be great
why does it still not say #fb at the end???? i what it 2 
@bethanylstokes all good things come to an end 
i hate the end of the year 
the end of maymester! ...but monday starts the beginning of summer 1 
Watching a walk to remember they haven't met but when they do ill cry at the end!  Haha
@shaunabotrel i missed most of it !  i saw the killers at the end twas really good  x
dance was yesterday! it was fun but sad at the end 
@1capplegate if it doesn't get picked up   is the end a cliffhanger? i hope not - absolutely love the show!
Aww  that's the end of that
i hate this war, i wish that it would all just end, he's been sent over there 5 times, going on 6  
@IvyAvenessian how was the end of the jon and kate special? i wish i could've finished watching it. haha poor kids though 
i think i better end this i cnt talk to me self all nightt  ill wait 5 mins http://www.blogtv.com/People/Paiige_
Out of the 3 i decided to vote for in the end theres only one i cant get through to 
@GlastoWatch no glasto tickets this end yet 
@madbrendan who won i missed the end 
@evmk71 I know, I voted for him twice and tried again near the end, but couldn't 
i feel meah! how can i have a cold at the end of may 
@kirby08 i've seen it but only in the west end and some old bootlegs...i've yet to even go to broadway  but yeh, rent is fantastical
1 more day till the end of half term and back to school 
LOL 1 more day till the end of half term and back to school 
@sispace So bad.  And it just wont end!
Rocknoceros then some other random show. bummed to miss the end of give it all you got festival. 
everything is coming to an end!!! so sad 
@splatt_twloha the beginning of the end has come  glad to hear it was good though.
@splattt_twloha the beginning of the end has come  glad to hear it was a goodnight though.
#downtime felt like the end of all our lives 
So a very unproductive day on my end!! 
i am super tired.. after sitting in front of a computer for almost 11 hours, a total of 12 at the end of my shift, my eyes are sore.. 
The end of the cavs 
bored, wishing i was allowed out later..  might end up just going to bed.
www.nuklearpower.com is coming to a end it seems  i hope the next comic is just as good
@kristycowie hows it going??...i didnt end up talkin to mitchel  but at least i tried...lol
@halezya It is so cute! I cried like five to ten minutes into the movie haha  And then towards the end
end of birthday celebrations  a new year begins
@GuitarHeroDevs I think the tail end of my link got cut short when you quoted my post.   It doesn't seem to be working.
@ellencourtney I was soo excited to see it on my list of things to record I am trying to take it all in since the end is near! 
can't believe its the end of whitsun already. I really really really don't wanna start tutition again 
is wishing that it wasn't the end of the weekend already..  
The season has found a end for the Cavaliers 
end of band of brothers=super sad   I require some more hugz n stuffs
end of the holiday  
I screamed and had nightmares. It was sad at the end and I cried too 
yesterday, i went to an end of the year beach party and it was amazing!...... now i have sunburn 
@bigrobsforreal yesterday, i went to an end of the year beach party and it was amazing!...... now i have sunburn 
Doesn't wanna do month end tomoz... So sleepy n sick still... 
back garden is such a bloody mess and it will be that way until end of july, oh well moaning about it wont really help. 
is mourning the end of half term 
@Lexilynne I missed a few episodes at the end of the last series  But am definitely going to watch.
@NiaBassett must be my end then, can see everyone but you  x
not looking forward to having to go to school untill the end of june. it puts a damper on preaty much my hole summer. 
@just_yappin blame it on @twitter.  I tried to change my pic, and the end result is nothing. 
The end of Egoland. http://egoland.dk/ You don't know what you've got until it's gone 
I hate end-of-the-year projects. 
at the end installing vistashed...no another way 
9:50pm and i still have a few more boxes to pack... Does this ever end??? 
oh the end of the weekend 
@jtheiser end of yr for YOU some of us still have 2 weeks  not done til the 15th
and now the beginning of the end has set upon him. @ work with a fever (that i had no idea i had) and worried sick. 
dang you forget how sad moulin rouge is til the very end 
 the end of the weekend
Someone always needs to take away my phone when drinking.   last night was so fun yet sucked so much towards the end.
P.S. I don't want to wait until the end of july to see them. 
@BritnayBrand yesss haha it was so sad though! especially the very end when they show what they looked like. i cried 
getting ready to go to work, wish i knew when i was going to be done  seriosuly, who puts a ? for an end time
Bleurgh - suffering from serious end-of-half-term-itis along with really-don't-want-to-write-34-reports-itis. 
@GirltaristHan Ahhh #TheNoteBook. One of my favourite films! I cried at the end, too. 
@kelidea I'm excited for the trailor to...it will prob be at the very end!! 
ah my streak is probably gonna end at 4 
@ChadMichMurray I think that sounds like an end to the show that helped me get through high school...  not cool. We will miss u
@snowleopardess I am sure you will get there in the end - but it will, undoubtedly, be a battle 
@katgoesboom I would kill for a low end job right now 
It's like the end of a dream: no more Reunions, I've already graduated, '09 gets all the attention, and back to work with me 
Up early trying to pack for this flight I got later on...I've been so busy!! I just know I'mma end up rushing 
ugh if tommy had broken there i would have been able to see the end of this before work 
is at  her wits ends. When is enough , enough? I am lost. 
@fordiddy tell me about it.  because it's my last one though i keep just thinking.. whether it goes bad or good.. it's the end 
@LaurenConrad the audio when out on me too, near the end during the wedding. it wont be the same without you. 
Seriously cannot wait for the end of the week lol.. &amp; Its only just starteeed  lool
@mileycyrus that's really sad!  what if there's no season 4? then this will be the end. *depressing*
@daITgurl no I seen these...that's only 100...its like 211 pics...I took 1 by myself @ the end and its not there 
@PastorEDean The church's website won't load from my end, otherwise I'd be checking that puppy out! 
@Jezriyah The end of good things always makes me sadface. 
I tried so hard and got so far but in the end the calzone beat me 
@mcbenites ill end sleepin with elwis at the RETIRO 
This is the end. Of being young and reckless, of every friend that never let me down... Its starting to hit me, soooo bittersweet! 
my vaction is coming to an end... be back in vegas 2morrow 
@WTFJAY awww  well it will pay off in the end!  What changes have been implemented?
Why is it that when it all comes to an end we are brought closer to each other?  I'll miss him soo much 
@JonathanRKnight If you guys end this ride then it's for the best if it's what you really want. Just know that you're loved beyond words. 
High school is coming to an end and I feel really sad 
The end is always so sad. And once again it was. 
Looking up rear end links for the wagon, apparently the sway moved at some point in the strut/spring install, totally killing them 
I'm going to die by The end if this week  too early
tina knowles got slapped in the end 
@TheSwelleLife was on the wrong end of a hit and run  left me fairly broken.
@JasonBradbury It has  I dunno how much yet but the end of the trailer isn't promising...
When will the awkwardness end? 
is working... The end 
no music for the end 
@JDiz sometimes we got to pay the price... at the end is all worth it. But I know the feeling. 
@ArmonDeacon In the end, my brother just likes swords better than spaceships 
i just totally bawled at the end of marley and me 
Apparently my body does not like vicodin, last dose was at noon and I've been puking at least once an hr since then with no end in sight 
@brittberry125 yeah I think it'll be fine.  Towards the end of the day I felt wayyy more comfortable with it.  It went by slow though 
Making out came to an abrupt end 
@spencerpratt I didn't get to see the ending  who got kicked off ??
my time here is coming to an end. and it sucks. 
@furrygirl I won't  I'm hoping to make it up the end of the week, but I'm not sure I'll be up to it.
best night in a whiiiillleee but didnt end too good 
@justlikeanovel It's attacking the other end 
@ttaasshhaa... saw you all the way down at the other end of the school already, I was like damn 
splattering paint on a book. i'm mentally preparing myself for my annual 100 flight  at least the end result is usually always good
i want to be a part of E3   why do us Aussies always get the short end of the stick !!  #e3xbox
@ylizabeth poo  how much did that end up costing you ? holy crap !
has the barista comp tomorrow and really wants to beat ben or i'll never hear the end of it 
@EbA The end is nigh 
@codigoverde yep, I know... But this is just the beginning of a hard journey... 
I am working hard on end of the year paperwork. 
@clrzqstn LOL end of story?? haha..and she's pretty too ={   
end of the hot weather 
@tropicany cried too at the end. So sad, it never gets to know you know who... 
clouds are back  you know that was the end of our summer....
last night was unbelievable...wish it never came to an end 
the end of quality hummers  http://bit.ly/lvirU
didnt get to see ash today in the end 
@katpoh I can imagine. It's the beginning of the end. 
struggling to keep up with the paperwork coming across my desk, starting another pile for end of year stuff 
no  i will be traveling to the philippines at the end of the month and won't be back til end of aug 
1 hour to go until the end of the day...no such luck with #hailsatan as a trend 
Nightout cancelled so now at a loose end and in that going out mood 
has just cut the grass in preparation for a wet week-end 
I'm learning some economic theories for the exam in 14 days, but I'm not seeing any light at the end of the tunnel 
@ily900 Didnt end up gong to bingo 
end of term party tonight! only 2 days left til I leave london for the summer 
@Lates it wasn't too bad in the end, headache went about 10ish, just feel tired now 
@redsexydevil well he has told her to get her hubby on... i bet they all end up being on apart from feehily 
@JizBSB i went good... but the end of the month is getting my 2 wisdom teeth pulled 
the best cajun place here is closing down at the end of this week 
@sunrise_end i hate you 
still in a  mood! this job will be the end of me physically and mentally!!
in painnn  and just watched the mist, real gutted for the bloke at the end!
why it sucks to be moving at the beginning of summer as opposed to the end of it-missing awesome bands like @princetonmusic  
actually creased! heheee. lct was good times. going to miss it  marshmallow pants + clownface. KIDDIES! hahaha. end of an era this is lol
@vipvirtualsols All's good this end no doubt the Aussies will be taking the piss out of us after losing to holland in the cricket 
@wendywing So funny we got as far as the end of the northern motorway (without passport) then the heavens just opened, I was droped back 
@misecia I know but I don't wanna enter and end up not making anything 
http://twitpic.com/6plu5 - If that little piece at the end didn't break off, I would have had a masterpiece. 
@arttherapy2heal I did end up breaking it!  blech oh well! I really am addicted to social media... So sad..,
When will the madness end ?? 
Bad end to a bad week. 
Wow banquet was alright..but dang this is the end 
Watching the end of a sad padre game. 
@donnajherren @KeithMelton99 And then, right at the end...rocks fell and everyone died. 
this must be how the end of the world feels like.... iLost the remote control 
@LaurenConrad The hills wouldn't be the same without you  But I understand all good things come to  an end.
tonight marks the end of an era... 
Holidays are go to an end... 
i think i have cough problems because ive been coughing like a cold cough since end of april 
@plasko all good things come to an end. 
Morning All studying for year end exams 
Weekend is about to end. so sad.. 
the video of ma'isha i made didn't turn out too bad, at all! too bad i didn't know we could film, sooner. all i got was the end. 
@forgetcape how the south end gig going? I wanted to go 
@lifes4sharing how did the singalong go? I couldn't make it in the end 
@YamiOwnsYou That is horrible   Not as bad as being stuck their for six months on end, but still
@danielhouchins I was only kidding. I even put a jk on the end. 
I have to flip my septum ring back up  i hate the end of break.
@MsBunni LOL that will be you cuz my bedroom set won't be ready til the end of the month, and I can't have a party in an unfinished apt 
It has finally come to an end 
I miss long happiness..I wish weekend is never end like used to 
@purplefangs Awe no i was making them for my end of show.. i will be dieting so won't be eating them myself 
@elizabethduffy That part is so depressing.  And later on too. But it will get really good at the end, I promise!
The end! 
@KimWalshUk maybe she's saving it til the end or a bit later to burst out crying lol, i'm so gutted i couldn't go this year 
@GordonJai93 The end!  9 minutes ago from txt
@s8219: 6,782. I fell asleep for a long period in the middle. 
@wrens back to the states at the end of the week 
@rileyblaise I know I'm going to be sobbing @ the end of next year it will be sooooooooo sad to leave 
Now on the wrong late bus which means I have a 30 minute walk ahead of me at the end 
@reyna614 awww maybe end of summer? 
Wishes he didn't have to wait til the end of the month to see @itsRo again  #missher
watching messengers on lifetime. caught it towards the end while ago, so gannoa watch it again since i cant go to fork  dvd broken
all good things must come to an end... 
reading breaking dawn...625...almost to the end!!! 
another boring week-end 
i don't care how tough you are, watch the end of the titanic and tell me you won't cry 
 iwish she wuz hust joking iwish icarly wont end
@WAlex she was doing reasonably well at one stage however in the end 
@DonnieWahlberg what about the rumor ? the end is near ????  ihope it's wrong !
asiff its the end of ga proper gutted 
holiday end 
@lisle lol I just bought this baby at the end of 2007 
when will this crisis end?! i'm afraid i might be one of them, i just hope not.. 
yup it was good and sad at the end 
i still cant get over how dissapointed i was at the end of breacking dawn, it ruined twilight 4 me 
@maxmarkson thomas dux is owned by woolies..a high end version of a supermarket..they've bought out macro 
why I feel so weak???   I hope to be alive by the end of this master...
wow! an usher just took my ipod lol I knew I shouldn't have set on the end 
this is coming to an end too quickly 
vacation is coming to an end.  i have to face reality way too soon.
@jordanknight url doesn't work.  is it wrong or just on my end!
@thelane watching twilight for the millonth time, mourning the end of the wkend 
Again with the cappiness. But closer to the end of crappy. 
the end of weekend 
@NickDavies taps at the end aren't good 
Wish the weekend was just starting, but its coming to an end  tragic
Another weekend comes to an end 
its just hit me that this is it. its the end of an era. sad times 
@akrapacs Ouch!  The line will be really really bad too, hope you don't have to go to the end of it after you get your badge!
Cottage weekend is drawing to an end, booourns!  survived the wilderness with minor casualties.
So the hopes of having the site up and running by the end of this month are being put on hold since i still have no job to afford hosting 
@AngelinaJones  it's the end
BBDinger must have run out of gas at the end. 
@sweetishbubble try it again, it's working on my end 
@undeuxtroisgo not til like the end of the month I think 
My bb is going to die b4 the end of my shift  ... I can't have that
@perlLawLex heard about that yesterday.it's the end of an era! 
Looking forward to the end of school, despite the fact that it is also the end of my job  I'll miss the kids but not alot of other crap
why is the girl at the end of our row all by herself? That's sad 
everybody knows the end (8) 
http://twitpic.com/6vkjp - Haha and this is what 3 hours of puppet making looks like in the end 
It's almost the official end of 12F... that's so sad 
bummed the weekend is coming to an end 
When will this game ever end? 
@xChristaLee I always try hard and end up feeling like an idoit. 
packing up my suitcases, country side getaway coming to an end. 
lying in bed. end of the weeked 
@kayayelle if it works out, it will be me going to germany at the end of it! haha something to look forward to...unlike this summer 
The end of the weekend is never a pleasant sight, made less so by its looming presence.  I think I can even hear it laughing at me 
@Candypants2 not quitting taking a break that's, personal crap, things have been shaky on my end 
i dont want to go to bed bc that'll mark the official end of my weekend 
is not feeling well. She's counting down to the end of her classes so she can sleep some more.  http://plurk.com/p/1104uz
3000 words by end of day. will I make it? 
has just found out that he will next be paid just _after_ the end of financial year. Curses 
@doodledawne how was yesturday? I couldn't make it in the end 
@dami9n The end of an era indeed  http://bit.ly/3wpjMW
i think i'm more into beginnings and middles but less interested in ends. i hate this. 
 it seems summer is coming to an end...again
Is sad that it is approuching the end of lunchtime. geography draws near 
@CatherineReeve end of lunctime 
my plans to graduate by the end of next year is going down... 
@tashaluvspurple i know tasha  been so very stressed out till no end. the reason why i haven't been able to call u also 
@mattaquiline  sorry. i think i was just a little overwhelmed at the end there.
@oneonethreefour but unfortunately, mine didn't have a happy ending  it was truly memorable though.
rly don't get why we have to go back to sixth form til the end of july, exams are over  i'm stupidly tired. nearly fell asleep in business
@WATblog man! and i thot they wud be out with 3g by the end of june  high time i stuck to only one internet connection!
What a f*cked up end!! I hate prison break now 
credit crunch finally bitten my end of the world,making me redundant last friday 
totally cba with law revision  i wish the end of this week would hurry the fuck up!
@gmemon let me know how is it working at your end! not good at my end :S low speed internet 
@candybeee Really really want it but in the end can't justify the cost of film/developing. The PFer in me will always choose digital. 
just got the worst pang of nostalgia ever for when i was at the end of seventh grade and started loving fall out boy. 2006, i miss you 
skewl is tyring lmao  when will the torture end 
http://twitpic.com/7h4r5 - And finally.....the end 
Its only been two days and I've gone from one end of the spectrum to the other. I confuse myself sometimes 
it's so cold in here  my chesticles will be frozen balls by the end of the day.
yay after a week my timetable is fixed, and now i hate it 1 more subject than i was wanting  but oh well its all about the end result
@mattmaronna but you already spoiled the ending.   we should still do it.
could well be single by the end of the nights... oh the joys 
@kosso nothing from 140 at this end 
Just 16 days before the end. 
@amyy_xd totally agree. I hate tht i have to wait until the end of college  xxx
What a good movie, but it always makes me feel lonely at the end 
I thought I was seein some light at the end of this tunnel. But now it just got pitch black again. 
getting really sad at the end of good books. 
@AmarieB76 awesome..although this may be the end 
@SamanthaSull unfortunately I am not!  I was planning on it but I am moving home to atl at the end of june and need to pack!  next time!
I feel like I've hit rock bottom. Doesn't feel like there is any light at the end of the tunnel. 
@wilsonswar I hope your burrito was properly constructed! The butt end fell out of mine the other day.  http://myloc.me/3XqS
I can finally see the light at the end of the tunnel ... For one of the six tracks 
its pouringggg and i'm sleepy  and i miss you and i hate everything. the end.
the week end is over 
WTF there is no happy end! I feel screwed 
Vacacation coming to an end.  
@Aintialady wowwww the biggest insult EVER! we've definitely reached an end 
Seriously I'm starting to feel bad for big show. He can't get a one on one match &amp; he always gets pinned in the end. This is getting old 
that was the worst nose bleed i've ever had, and it was only enough to cover one end of a q-tip. fail. 
It seems that my time as a brunette is sadly coming to an end 
2 papers to write tonight  when does this madness end?!
Fable 2 ending wasn't what I thought, and the auto-save means I can't see the other choices. 
@MissTufty why wont you have family at the end of the week 
i hate school i hate school please end now please end now  
I need to find a real job by the end of this summer. I can be happier. wehhh. 
@toxicast i just literally missed the ending  ugh, what was the announcement?
Waiting for the end of vacation. 
why do al good things come to an end? 
the end 
@webb_neck haha yeahh same here. although the ending was so sad. i was like 
@stujohnson enjoy! I was going to go and present but couldn't in the end  be interested to see some tweets of the sessions
i cried yesterday... at the end of prisonbreak  was a beautifull episode tho.. but still very sad
they say everything's ok in the end.. so if your not happy, then it's not the end.. so what does that mean for us cos I'm not happy?? 
i was watching bratz the movie but the end wont play  lol x
@Nancyyyyyy i didnt even end up going. heard they had a blast  too bad for me ayee.
goodnight. i want to watch the end of ncis 
..then home to walk to doggy and begin the massive clean on the house!  But there is a light at the end of the tunnel...............
is at the end of my very long tether...not sure how much more I can put up with 
@luzar i feel like crying.end of an era on repeat 
my dream last night was soo happy and nice, but then i woke up for my regents alarm. i wished i could have gotten to the end. 
@annagoss  i'm not happy at that;always sad at the end of a mac.let me know if you want the data rescuing off it-or is it being replaced?
Why do all good things come to an end? 
It's looking likely that by the end of the week i will be jobless. How sad 
@DownwindMag I would love too, but theres too much month at the end of the money! 
bored and at a loose end. again 
Really sucks when you can't make financial ends meet.  I hate this economy 
@lilredk8monster i was, too! she wasn't an option in the end. 
The end of gran torino is really sad 
i hate my ahir todaaay, is so cold, and i feel alone u u . want this year end 
signing forms here, and it seems there is no end...may work late 
@enkiwa both. stressed to no end. another late night at work.  
will this rain ever end? 
the vido is so lovely and then jus sooo sad at the end 
this week is really weird. i want it to just end 
@sickgirl38 i meant to do this :-P at the end of that lol...to bad no sarcastic font 
listening 2 radio while studying !again! when will these exams end 
It feels like we just started..the show has come to an end 
The breakup does end badly!!! 
@Ateyaa I caught the end! 
@dineshMichan  waaaaaaaaaaaaay ahead of you on that one *hic* unfortunately the awesomeness comes to an abrupt end with one shot too many 
@lightsnoise lmfao, that random cat at the end killed me, but i feel bad for the guy 
@madamecupcake: i know right!! i hate how long it takes  .. i'm hoping it gets here before the end of the week 
is always the one who ends it 
@puiee Up is also coming to m'sia in end of august! 
already the end of the tour... so sad  can't wait for next time!!!!
@CharlesWBrown already the end of the tour... so sad  can't wait for next time!!!!
@LeGourmand1 I was craving for a pear tart today, it was horrible I didnt know where to get one. At the end I went to Cocolat instead 
@nirabycats haha yea.. i still got classes until 29th  and the summer break starts at the end of nov ((
@Peterfacinelli we are  losing so sad  sorry but will keep fighting to the end
watching quantum leap at work...what a classic...but so sad at the end 
@Jessicaaxo oops. I meant to put an 's' at the end of massimo. I forgot to proof read 
Hopefully coming to the end of the current IT nightmare and will be able to tweet more. I miss you guys 
absolutley chucking it down here with rain. I didn't think I would cry at the end of prison break, but i shed a few tears! 
I can fall asleep relatively well but can't /stay/ asleep, end up waking up every 30 minutes...what do I do?? 
@amaranthine93 i'm really sorry for not knowing my lines at the end. I feel really bad, because you guys have put so much effort into it. 
@ktjbpa2006 not much gave me a dirty look. then at the end she gave out all the braclets she was wearing to the front row. i got left out 
can this ever end?? 
@theschematic I know I love it...too bad AT&amp;T is not updating until the end of summer 
@shanedawson Your new video was so sad  It was funny but the end was really deep and to those who can connect, it was really meaningful 
@barbs09 hahaha.. I could think so... Haha.. It was at the end kind' of funny.. But then, it was soo-- i do not know what to do situation 
I remember my friend driving like 5mph in a 35mph zone to drop me off because the end was so near 
reovering from more dental work..I hope it is all worth it in the end 
more ranting! I hate when I work hard on a painting and then I don't like it at the end 
The usual drive twords the end of the rainbow. No rose colored gold will be there today.   http://twitpic.com/7o723
picked up the curling iron from the wrong end 
ugh my house sitting is coming to an end 
I hate it when I get new stuff and can't even touch it til the end of the day 
#ihatewhen he gets too drunk and I can't get any at the end of the night 
Vacation nears its end.. 
The hottest love has the coldest end 
is wondering if it's coming to an end. 
Aww  sounds like my day minus the end.
@jazz3586 end of this month! 
So that's it. That's the end of semester 1 of 2009. That's the end of uni for now 
OK I'm pissed .... we should have won that game .... we had it all the until the end 
I'm a little sad orientation is coming to an end 
if it's what you want you don't have to be with me, i've never been good enough for you anyway. i guess this is the end? 
I talked to baby boo. The end of this deployment is taking 4 ever 
Its coming to an end  .....
end this once and for all. i want to go home and rest! 
I've missed 4 maybe 5 days of my challenge ... and I'm at the end!  I think I'm just going to start over.
god damn, gran torino made me sad/depressed/happy at the end of they movie 
dammit!  i was doing so well until the end!!! 11 right out of 18... 
im going to walk away from it all and end my life on a bad note 
garage clearing, again  when will it all end ???????
And my photos seem to get stuck at the very end of sending 
not doing so great. i hate the end of the year stress 
end of music  not so messy today!
If the 'rats get chopped up and end up in your porridge' rumour is true....I just round a tail. 
I just finished my evaluation, the conclusion at the end of this course has made me very teary, never want to leave college 
sad news: the spice flow came to an end   http://www.thedailyswarm.com/swarm/eon-rip/
sad I'm going to have to go now and miss the end  will catch up on the website later I guess #nlab
@viridari continued: so we are also not allowed to bring in our own machines from home so we all get screwed in the end 
@Eldernas no sorry mate... I think I lose my job at the end of month 
@SassySenna you make em too long!  I cant see the end!!!
@wabbitwords http://twitpic.com/7pu3k - It's always sad when you reach the end of the cup.  
@missattitude ah man- timing sucks...I wanted to go, but I'm out of town til then end of the month 
well apparently i cant get a palm pre till sometime end of summer according to website, have I mentioned life is NOT fair 
the end of the year is always so sad 
the more i read about patch 3.2, the more i wonder y i bother to actually do any end game stuff. just wait till they give away for free 
got to the end of enterprise week and we won!! have to take y11 customer care out on a trip now 
@4goggas Am on in the third section - so near the end  (But should be suitably drunk by then)
just woke up, and i dont think im gonna end up finishing my corusework! 
iphone updated in the end and saves are fine  though now it runs slow and crashes often 
@giloi2009 And I'm stuck on the receiving end of it 
@throwboy seems I catch the end of them every time 
@mustBeButta what in the twitterfon?!?! Is this the end of bbm as I know it?!?! 
@louiseyyyy I know!  but did you have a good night? i was going to say goodbye at the end but you were with lisa!
@jayfarmington jk such an animated writer, accurate too,it was like that when I 1st went to foot. w my dad, in the end he stop. taking me 
spaghetti factory was bomb. even though i didn't get to eat what i really wanted  it'll pay off in the end though...i hope.
@kirslo neither aim nor facebook works on this end of the planet.  
The end of an era  What could be next?
... i think by the end of the night i will have succeeded  poor bb birdie.
@swiftkaratechop I won't get to see your next ask swifty untill the end of july 
is already dreading the end of summer 
Why do I get my hopes up so high? It always crashes and burns in the end. 
really bad end to a really good day. 
m gettin bored..seems as if hols will nva end!!! 
@cympho it was the end of a mini keg 
*sigh* how are we going to survive till end of this month.... 
@PhillyGG i'm only a pessimist when you chop off the end of what I said! plus i think it is supposed to rain later 
i think my mac is coming to the end of its life 
No Sandball this week-end 
@emmaa_jadee she's gone for good. All good things must come to an end 
Still not Shipped!  Hopefully by end of today it will be!
i got into a fight with him,its a big one and think this is the final 'the end'  what should i dooooooooooo
this is the end of my mustache updates  unfortunately he is no longer with us
so tired  why can't fridays end at noon
@xPidgex ohhh I know. It's rubbish. I may just take the plunge haha, I've been saving for weeks on end and it's boring! 
o man. everybody keeps talking about the end-of-days weather... we only have wind.  i was anticipating armageddon!
@ansleytime no no no way!!! hahaha. I want to get mine so bad but I have to wait till the end of the month! 
Oh please IT, don't find a way to block it before the end of the day! 
@mattgarcia1638 haha I'm trying but I have to wait until august. That's when my contract ends 
@laurakconnolly we've had such a week dude. it's sad that it;s come to an end though 
That's the end of the cheesecake 
@FadingLullabies there is never a pot of gold at the end on a rainbow though!   stupid lepercans...their probaly not even real. HAHA
@likegallows @acidnation i'm ginger the end 
My g!rls tryna get me t0 c0me 0ut but my b0dy !s t!red  &amp; th!s bed feels s0 g00d! !n the end umma end up g!v!ng !n l0l! Can a lady rest?
i'm upset my car is breaking  i need it to get me through till the end of summer!
@hearne01 It was so sad at the end. I felt so bad for him. 
I just passed the new camaro &amp; she's hot, but her rear end dose't really fit w/ the rest 
No more smoking in rest. At end of year in. V. A. 
it's the end where I begin.  (music) http://plurk.com/p/12bjs9
it's also driving me nuts that the end of that last sentence doesn't have a period, but i didn't have enough characters to include it. 
My exchange here is coming to an end. It's a sad weekend full of goodbyes 
I've decided I've reached the end of my frustration with my best friend. 
@Illumise I have nightmares about it, makes my fur stand on end. 
The worst part of my bday... The end. 
Studying....ther's no end to this 
what a great end of junior high school though some things are still missing.. 
really wishes she was at west end live. 
@emmaherself it was called u-turn, not seen it before &amp; only saw a bit, but it looked really cool. was too tired to watch it till the end 
PeepShow fest has come to an end 
end of sound 
Reception with my hiptop eqauls epic fail  Why can everyone else have recpetion bar me? its called i get the wrong end of the stick.
end today  saddddddddddd
The Lions  where stronger towards the end but to many penalties  
@MonaLiisa09 lol sure, i think i should since i miss new york so much  i will be back before the year end
Once again, my account(s) got invaded by two crazy girls..  When will this end!!!
Aparently this my last univesity week! The end of an era! No comments... 
Why does sunscreen always end up in my eyes?   http://myloc.me/4Fku
Using this time wisely. But not liking the end results 
It might be the end of my name is earl this wekk, i possibley might cry 
@jimmyfallon i was suppose to get on a plane at the end of this month to go to diseny world. but i cant go now . sad 
watching the end of marie antoinette. so sad 
why is my biggest disappointment MYSELF? life can seem so unfair but in the end its you are your own worst enemy 
I have to memorize this by the end of the day.  http://twitpic.com/7xur7
Going to bed, to tired to watch end of movie 
the end of this movie makes me sad because that means it's over.. 
Joining date-end of july, what am I supposed to do till then  #fb
end of the awesomest weeklong vacation. back to reality 
@sean808080 at least you have one!  I'm still pale as a ghost!  I'm never like this @ end of june! 
getting ready for the end of my vacation since it never began 
so hard to say goodbye, my time here is almost at it's end 
@chanellybaby my French teacher said she once chased a rainbow that ended in her field. She said they move when you walk towards the end 
We are broken, it's the end... 
All good things must come to an end 
@BLeigh1130 It really is the end of an era!! booo!!! 
feels homesick even more.. when will this end!uuggh  http://plurk.com/p/12l27d
@NixiePixel Aw... I just caught the tail end of it. 
Weekend is coming to an end..... 
why does it have 2 end so soon 
getting towards the end of battlestar galactica. 
sighss.... sunday coming to an end again 
nearing the end of hols 
@gunpla It had a bad ending 
sooooooo upset - what a horrible end to a beautiful day 
@pim2005 You're at the end of series 2, I gather. That was soooooo saaaaaad! 
weekend is coming to an end 
I want a job. As in, one that pays me at the end of the month. 
i believed in something.. i got my hopes up. all this to be disapointed in the end. 
@EmmaFlanagan ohhh i didnt see  i only caught the end, i missed green day too, darrnn it
learning for matura.. without an end 
I am getting ready to board the plane and head back to south beach  vacation has com to an end
@bcmystery I sincerely agree with you. This *should* be the end of it. But we all know it wont be. 
@honey4704 I am overwhelmed with stuff to do till the end of the term 
I just realized that this is the end  sad now
@reemerband i missed it again :'( ive missed like all of them so far :'( well appart from on my bday right at the end 
@Siemny  but 100's but eh end of the week 
@teslaaa your such a procrastinator. the end. p.s i better see you before you leave! 
@DonnieWahlberg this makes me sad like theres an end in sight 
Two problems end. Another one begins. 
end of FoQ 
is at the end of her tether 
Curses.  All the test sites are booked through end of month.    No 70-444 for me.
I'm going to bed after aome code giving me the run around  for severalk hours  but I got there in the end...
I'm going to bed after some code giving me the run around  for severalk hours  but I got there in the end...
Is sad that something that just started &amp; absolutely feels wonderful will most likely end prematurely. 
Theres a light at the end of the tunnel, but im at the beginning 
will have done 24 miles by the end of the month, i don't see the difference yet though 
anyone know of any jobs going, looks like I'll have been made redundant by the end of the month 
omg so hot outside! And so annoyed i missed the end of roddick's match 
when will the violence end in the north-east  really sick of it
watched perl harbor yesturadai.....i skipped 2 the end and it was sooooo upsetting! 
@ShoutFactory I heard, that's really sad -- it's the end of an era 
Why do all the good things have to come to an end? 
mooved out of my belfast house today...end of an era 
Last cheer practice until I'm back at the end of summer 
I can't believe my californian adventure is nearing its end. 
I think I have seen the ending to this saga before, and it doesn't come out in my favor 
says holiday almost end!!  http://plurk.com/p/13qsfs
@mileycyrus we are moving their by the end of the summer not sure i want to live their 
@DAVEYBOYONLINE that never end 
@kittynurse re. disabled: despite that I have intense breakdowns that last days on end, as well as physical shit that severely limits me 
headed home... the end of an era 
I have to sleep alone. It's the first time since the end if school. 
Feeling o so blue........ The nite could of had a btr end 
okay. i promise that by the end of this month, i'll be addicted to this thing 
@EmmaLCurran had to come down at the end of the third day and go and get my feet bandaged. i don't think i have felt pain like it 
packing up my room at uni.. moving out soon.. end of an era! 
can't seem to fall asleep. I have had something on my mind that I wanted to say to someone for two days now and it's bugging me to no end 
@KandyKayteeBamf its so bad though! he souldnt do scripted videos  it was the randomness that made him unique, and until the end of today
didnt end up going to see hannah montanna  i love video calls their so easy
Right about the time we can make the ends meet, somebody moves the ends  #fb
sad to be missing pride this week end...  
i think i will be working on my week end 
@la_france I don't want too. If she cuts too much I will cry  I'm donating it towards the end of the year though so that's 10 inches off!
Frustrating day - two new front end roles (so rare and precious) both in .Net 
@nicetobelieve nope  not til end of august
@Ohhabi ouch. I'm so sorry you have to go through this  but hopefully the light is visible at the end of the tunnel!
@ohSamAnn the end of season 3 ,is sad,I dont like see dean going to hell 
&quot;fatal: The remote end hung up unexpectedly&quot; is not even close to funny. 
does not want to do another presentation! i am going to be dead by the end of this summer w/ all this public speaking i have to do 
you kno @ the end you just can't trust some ppl 
@lilyroseallen U should come down this end of the globe sumtime! That's an official kiwi invite 
@heidiheartshugs a means to an end? What do you want to do? 
@macaronique hehe, you got till the end of week 
i did end up taking bowie for a walk  felt good afterwards
just woke up. face is ok. not in pain  should be over with by the end of thursday hopefully 
is hoping that everyone can hang in there for one more day of cold.  I see the light at the end of the tunnel. 
tying up loose ends. but why would I want my ends tied up? 
@allisgroovy se7en!  hate the end though&lt;3 I really hate the end though. You've seen it before?
@jackiechanfs then I would pick rushhour 1 and shanghai knights...but in the end...rushhour wins,all rushhour movies together are better 
ahhhh yeahhh week end  i love it!!1
@UnknownFilms You're welcome...can't wait to see the end result 
When it seems you are at the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on. 
sad that the weekend is coming to an end . . . But it was a great one! 
@ScarlettAshes life is alright  spring break is coming to an end tho =(
i just watched dead end countdown by the new cities. wow, their totally awsome!!! 
@sarahprout I like the idea of #sproutamillion..your hash tag will be at the end of all my tweets...let me know if I can help more 
@jasabout I know that's such an awesome end to those epic movies 
@Locococomoco good to hear sweets. I'm great too. This has been a real good wk for me. It's about to end brilliantly too. 
@artyjill will have by the end of the day, just charging the camera 
back with harley, i will get her to have twitter by the end of the day 
@intellectdk I said front-end, @improvedk said backend 
@iamseige I got 20 bucks says... They come out with new hardware before the end of the year. 
finally going to print out my cd cover for graphics  gah! didnt do french in the end. need to do that and english later.
@ur_ghey smile because we love you, no end in that 
@aeriexo when does what end? No problem, madam 
@babooze You were there too? Great pictures except for the ones with my back end included. 
@papayagirl And then another, and another, and another... It's turtles all the way to the end. 
@anniew glad you got to enjoy it you way in the end 
@ContryMusicFan taxes are due at the end of april for us 
@rmilana I have been doing great, thanks! How are things at your end? 
@brendonsinclair at least she knows what end goes in the hole. It may not be square but at least it is a hole 
Finally the end of skool 
@NorthDakotaGirl lol, it certainly will, I love B/S and hate to see the season come to an end! But its so good, reruns are watched 
@evilitlsquirrel I love the fact that when they wag their tails the whole back end of their body wags with it. So enthusiastic 
@sexydimpless4u The rain does that right? It will be very nice by end of the week. 
@kencasey maybe a new beginning on drawing will follow 
a good end to a lousy day. 
working on a report: has to be finished at the end of the day! so do not disturb... 
have had to use a LOT of gray matter to get to this point - but the end result makes it all worth while ! 
One final exam down, one to go....woo hoo! I can see the light at the end of the tunnel 
@DaynaHart I was going to say!  (1) @TafiApple doesn't look 40. (2) How can she be called KidSis if she's 40. *duh moment on my end*
is feeling more and more like the light at the end of the tunnel is, in fact, *not* an oncoming train! 
@PlaidShadow but I apologize if it meant nothing in the end! 
It's the end of the world and we know it and I feel fine 
@caldjr I did 8 in the end and they sold in the first 30 mind, I am so proud 
looking forward to coming week. have managed to get a few things done over the w/end 
I saw him! What a great end to a night . 
finally it has come to an end. but on a good note! 
tomorrow is the beginning of the end! 
@gardengnome1 it's loading fine now, the problem must've been at my end 
@wiensworld they do? Better put a smilie at the end of every sentence then 
Kids are up ... which means the end of twitting  at least for now.
end of the dance today, for this term. we start again in the autumn ;) also had time to bake 
end of first period, 0-1 to sweden 
Flowers in the balcony sorted, it was worth the trouble in the end. 
Is playin @ the wit's end in about 30 minutes.. 
@spicydonut when you say at the end, which end are you speaking of? 
and my #hoppusday ends. 
@lovebscott That episode was so moving especially at the end!! You'll going to love it!! 
page 754- the end 
Studying my life away, however, I can see the light at the end of the tunnel- ONLY 5 days to go!!! 
@meolesen ur welcome  and think about the end of the year, when you can use it to create best of 2009 
@EmaleeRose well i'm gonna be in an apartment at the end of the month, so i think you should come here 
@LLCOOLDAVE yeah they r. im going to their concert at the end of the month 
having a lazy day after a very alcoholic wk end!! 
@aaraddict #MusicMonday I agree it's just an excuse for me to tweet music for hours on end 
the end is not as far as the start 
@animalhouse4384 All is well..That ends well! &lt; unless of course well times the power of three = the sum of ends if X being All 
Revamping my recording studio today and adding some nice high end outboard gear...very exited! 
At the end, i loved my night 
@musiclove18 the end when they sing this is me and when they sing play my music 
Just thinking that it will all pay off in the end. 
Is coming to the end of his first shift  6.30 local
so bryan was at the sweet 15 and i didnt think we were gonna talk but towards the end of the night we talked 
...and for the record...this is the best its ever felt not to cross anything off my &quot;to do&quot; list at the end of the day 
bruxels - 12:02 at home... really tired... end the song 
Just finished a 3 day event as director  for a live broadcast.. Nothing like chucking yourself in the deep end I say! 
have typed  'the end' at end of short story wip   especially good because it's before the mother's day lunch 
@crashtestmommy We're almost at the end! 
@sepiaverse  know what i try to believe, but in the end i don't..something in me don't let me.. i ask how is this possible ?
with an amazing and surprizing end haha 
@bazzlad @NinjaCodders looks like the debate will come to a constructive end afterall  back to books now!!! :I
end of the conversation..bye 
@hellohayley_ you're very welcome! should be sorted by the end of this weekend if all goes to plan, then posting will be all that's left 
yay i feel all warm when my gf calls me!!! and best day ever coming up, the living end AND i get to see her 
looking forward to an end of year celebration tonight 
~@katofawesome It sounded like a tough process, and I'm glad you're nearly at the end. 
@Mbicesk8r When does you're skool end?? 
a long and glorious day has come to an end!  I love saturdays...
@schel money is just a means to an end (but happy to accept random extra $ just cause im tall) 
@bryanspondre actually I do. I'm just pretty firmly at one end of it.  as some must be if it's a continum
@charliemoontm yes. i think this should start at the end of this week. after exams. after i'm 17 
@STINE_88 -- So u DiD end up getting a pic on the bike.. 
mort du week end 
just got my ends cut, finally! 
I have 493 followers! I'm hoping for an even 500 by the the end of the night 
@TheCsAngels i'm fine and spent a good week-end ! 
@donnajherren @limecello Now I'm trying to decide if I can work it into the end of the book we're working on now. 
Experimenting with flashlite..hopefully I 'll hav more apps for my mob by end of d day 
@nishitd he was good towards the end of last year. consistent enough for French standards and a threat 
The end of the weekend nears. No progress with work but many drunk memories 
Yes thank you very much, it took some time, but I did find the 'side bar view' in the end  @randz10  #nambu
The late nights begin studying for finals and the last week of the semester. I see the light at the end of the tunnel 
@mcurie 9k is too less...plus my restaurant is coming up in july end 
@gauravluniya cool the end is near 
one day, this will all end. And i'll smile 
@darenBBC how much of it is going to be left by the end of the day? 
@boomdelirium  There's a really good twist at the end, which is really shocking. It's great though. which commentary did you start
#forourhero #forourhero #forourhero #forourhero #forourhero #forourhero #forourhero  #forourhero #forourhero #forourhero the end. 
in the end, i know i'm too messed up for people to care. they shrink away. 
@Skylten at the end of the concert, after the credits click on the super records logo  its hilarious!
@mikesawriter Ah well done again  I told you you'd get there in the end didn't I ;) so you start tomorrow? x
@MarkRipley lol  well... guess you can fast forward towards the end 
@trepdiation90 i will follow you to the ends of the earth and to the end of time.  i love you.
I still saw us together at the end of everyday 
counting down to the end of the work wk!! 
@yoavsegal thanks dear, i would actually prefer a solo week-end 
nice week-end is coming 
@Londonspirate awww thanks I haven't done one in a while but will do one by the end of today 
@mcpactions I did! I should be able to get something to you by the end of today if that's alright 
Awww it all worked out in the end 
@danielsoares dont worry. we will win, at the end. 
my whole year is at the pub, celebrating the end of school 
mum's getting me an slr by end of this year, me hopes  *crosses fingers.
@darrenhayes I wanna eat lunch in the west end too  Sadly its too far from me lol , What did you had ?
@jeffarchuleta was definitely hacked. the end. 
@CHIOMA_  haha i love that  thats the bestest one all night...in the end there were three  @NEEFFRESH
@LouGagliardi awesome, we plan to meet those goals by the end of the year 
is going to west end tomorrow with nicolejah boy and estherrr 
@starsparkle Besides, I've bashed through 600 words in the last 50 minutes so only need to do another 400 or so. The end is in sight! 
i'm hungry. bout to go eat  my goal is to weigh 125 by the end of the summer. and no more flying 
@jodinasser removin u 4 ignorin my question twice..much love tho  on my end..
8 houras till 3 days week end  
@ParentStudent non just yet! but hey! its just a numbers game  hows workload your end ?
end of another day, still researching, studying, analyzing, trying to take in every breath. 
@Homdaum sorry I didn't make it out in the end last night, hope you had a good one 
Getting ready for a sunny week-end 
And, in the end, isn't it easier memorizing full stop numbers than memorizing the powers of the square root of 2? 
