Most common words for this cluster:
[('english', 395), ('spanish', 97), ('exam', 37), ('language', 36), ('today', 30), ('class', 26), ('i', 23), ('quot', 21), ('school', 20), ('day', 19), ('tomorrow', 19), ('amp', 19)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'English', 0.9595798850059509), (u'english', 0.7310593128204346), (u'Funeral_Home_Oakmont', 0.7257990837097168), (u'Spanish', 0.6988216638565063), (u'Malaya_Gruzinskaya_M._Barrikadnaya', 0.6895182728767395), (u'Engish', 0.6686329245567322), (u'language', 0.6548603773117065), (u'Arabic', 0.6533907651901245), (u'B\xf6rseG_German', 0.6363809704780579), (u'vernacular_Leo', 0.6299464702606201)]





@hollaglam my fav English teacher, she just had miscarriage.  &amp; u knw wht makes me sad even more? she was going to name her baby Tamara 
@etnobofin even google translator does not get it 
@cocoy A person who's genuinely interested in English, Filipino, programming, and teaching should make that paper. Oh wait, that's me. 
 srsly I understood you first time. I was just think of the answer for 1.5 seconds. Repeating in &lt;English just pissed me off.
http://twitpic.com/2ye2j - Spanish Orals + French Orals = Bordem + 1 books + 100 sheets 
Mmm...English is difficult 
Im doing stupid English homework 
@_xotashhh you did? :o lol what did you say? Speaking's my worst area, I broke down in tears for my Spanish AS oral 
@sinnersxjockers ...related to a Spanish-speaking country 
I feel so out of the loop sometimes  I have to write a poem tomorrow for English, wish I actually had some talent in writing :-/ night all
@MattTaylor I go back tomorrow and its English that's irritating me. 
@laryissa haz no foodz? me neither  make English bringz ze foodz? i like zzzz. leaving soonz. i wanna watch Mulan!
I need a hug. My English homework made me sad 
Is being forced to apply the Spanish she's been learning in school. No me gusta!  No comprendo espanol cuando yo escucho espanol.
@Janaaaaaaaa English and Drama. i love drama but its really hard work  xx
@JodieJudo_ Its okay, but the teacher makes it seem worse than it is.  Aw, I'm sure than Spanish &amp; French are both better than German! x
@beckybootsx I got bored of it haha. It's hard when they don't type in proper english 
Meh, English coursework (Romeo + Juliet) 
@Joshwang I promise you then that my return will be accompanied by rainy skies for the UK - English weather truly despises me 
i lost my english-greek dictionary 
doing my stupid english essay, arrrrrrhhh, lol, 
No @agrajagthetesty or @kohvacs in English, @tinylittlepixie isn't in today... Am I going to be all alone at break/lunch? 
@mongooseson Arabic how exotic! Puts my puny german to shame 
WinDays birds, prepare for English weather in Opatija   tinyurl.com/225x4l
@KIMMAAY what language?! LOL i can't figure it out 
had a long and awesome weekend... now it's time for that Spanish oral exam I've been freaking out over for weeks.. 
@CeC @forbairt The film looked spectacular and the 3-D was great but the dialog was in Spanish so I was a bit lost 
@Sean_05_11 I'm not lazy  I go into school more than you lmao! Btw did you do your Spanish coursework?
is figuring it out twitter haha and English paper sucks  http://twitpic.com/3pbop
Goin to work on what looks like another hot English day! Grr 
@diplobrat Two related, but independent clauses.  Damn, I must be a closet English nerd 
I'm so tired. But i have to go to my english lesson 
@ashycee We had homework for English, how mean is that 
I luv marking 7th graders English Journals. They are so cute, but they write so big in really light colour pens 
Listening to English Tea (2005) by Paul McCartney shivering minus the pants-hurry up drier 
Found another book I want to read, but I don't know if it was ever translated from Japanese to English  The search starts again...
@CrisMes why ur twitter updates are in Spanish now? We can't understand 
@raytoro nobody of mcr answers  ah, it does not repair in my English, this translator is a nastiness! ha
@edney45 b'nell is Hebrew for mutant child, loads about up there, I'm desperate for a poo 
Doing Boringgg English Coursework 
 Urghh English Coursework
trying to finish my english summaryyy 
@Never_less really, I guess I don't hate all of English just the research papers 
On this day I'm going to sleep &amp;&amp; read Heart of Darkness for Ap English! 
Off of work! Now I have to face my English essay. 
very tired going to bed in a while, up early in the morning to work on my final English paper and then starting my 3 day calculus exam. 
Tummy all better. I think I should be working on my English SAC plan. arrggg. and wishing I had more pokemon 
@nickyy123  ooooo no Nicky  who's gonna make me laugh in English!
Nothing as I am gonna do homework: history, RE and English 
@temptationdice the english is gaaaaay 
@dark_alchemist One: You misspelled references. Two: You just crushed my English major heart. 
Supposes 2b in dekalb w/my English lovlies but I just found out I've got 2 get up @ 6 a.m. no friend time 2nite 
Gonna have to spend the day finishing English coursework 
wish i had more screen real estate so i could watch the Spanish GP whilst doing my dissertation!  Boooo Physics!   #F1
@mistywabbit The worst part about that was that the average Spanish man on the street didn't understand what the fuss was about.... 
@chillumdog You're kidding? I worked with a Spanish guy a few years ago &amp; thought it was just him who was a racist, sexist bigoted twat. 
@sambowlerr probably finance on track to see what stock trading is like. Cswk ftw, I only had it in English 
@tommcfly Can I just clarify that the last comment I sent, about Spanish Orals, means Spanish speaking exam. I got teased for saying it 
working on her English essay 
@matrixagent I try to watch everything in English if possible *g* Even if cinemas in Passau won't show the film with original voices... 
Long week ahead, AP English exam Wed. should be fun, then some test for culinary, i thought that was my easy class 
@DJLITVINOFF  tell me about it in English?
Argh, GCSE French speaking tomorrow  10:30, first one of the day!
@LuisferC you don't even talk to me in msn anymore  good luck in the English Final exam (yn)
Oh no my English exam is tomorrow 
Damn, so bored already and English Language hasn't even started. The exam tomorrow and I'm scared. 
@mrelihan I keep promising myself that I'll learn a new language would never seem to get round to it 
Having my English anglia exams , matsers level, in 5 minutes! I'm So nervous !! 
gotta do history and English homework 
#WhyITweet to exercise myself to write in English (still lots of spelling mistakes  ) and to read interesting thoughts from smart people.
@photoautomat_uk tried the booth today but was not having any of my fine English pounds 
@Brittanyzor only would work on English professors lol  I don't know what to tell you!
I'm being followed by @ESLTime. I suppose my English isn't up to par? 
doing my stupid English essay homework... 
@imorente Why should every band / singer in Eurovision sing in English, whatever the country they're from? 
Spending the majority of today reading 'Birdsong' for my English Literature exam on Wednesday. 
Stupid English essay......  xxxxxx
trying to do a research paper on Kate Chopin for English. 
lol: http://www.adoptaword.com found it as I was looking for the longest word in the English language, sadly 140 characters isn't enough 
@elwoood I would, but I can't speak their language 
Has got a Spanish exam today 
Four days in, and we're already fighting to reclaim the English language from Rails. 
Given up on the English &quot;summer&quot; and put the heating on again. Bl**dy freezing here 
trying to study for my english language sac tomorrow. 
Writing compositions in Japanese is hard and time consuming.  Especially considering that I'm not even good at writing them in English.
@nunocristelo thanks for the link but I can't read it  English or French I can read.
Doing the english homework. 
Today's weather shine. and the night.... I can not sleep...Because of the lovely Yu-na!! zz~ English is a difficult 
@timlovejoy Revising for English tomorrow! ARGH! 
actually i want to start a new trend- &quot;Tweet in Bengali&quot;. that's why i wrote my half of the TWEETs in BENGALI. though the font is English 
I think my english is not very well. I must  to learn foreign languages 
Who can teach me English? my poor English 
@reverbstudios In the English theme if (is_tag('DE')) then don't show German. Feck! 140 chars is not enough to explain this 
I'm so bored! Having to read the withered arm in my English lesson! It's crap 
Nearly failed my english 
I wanna go to the beach. It's too hot...  anyways, i'm in English class and really bored.
WNUA 95.5, the greatest smooth jazz radio station in the history of all mankind went off the air this morning, replaced by Spanish pop 
just had lunch!! Getting ready for the English class 
my throat hurts uuugghhh..i h8 this soo much!! i think i'm gona fail my English test....i'm scared.... 
I feel like I will never catch up in English or math.     
really needs to memorize this poem for English tomorrow 
Is dying learning 613 Spanish verbs 
Ohhhh @ashycee English is no fun 
In Arabic class.  to further explanation needed, right?
sitting in English with Rosa super bored  txt iit!!!!
This guy in my cos English class asked my if I wanted a ride. Now I regret saying no 
Trying to translate a paper from Engrish to English without ripping it up and writing it myself.... 
I'm back frm d interview. It went smoothly, however, I felt dat I won't b able 2 work there because I don't speak Mandarin... 
preparing for my spanish.. BAAAAAAAAAAH 
@mitchelmusso Heyyyyy us English fans want some signings too 
@jamie_oliver  I was off by one year. I really wanted some of Jamies cooking books in ENGLISH!!!! not German. 
@cloudconnected KH is the only thing I'll be a weeaboo about.  I still prefer it in English but I'm impatient, haha
All the cool people I want to find for following today are #English, and I guess the English don't tweet.  
Not looking forward to next week: Maths, Geography, English and French exams, totalling 7 hours 
My Spanish = crap 
great Shavuot dinner at friends. Going to watch the English football  final tmrrw with a friend. Dont even know who's playing  
@NoToriousTori No habla espanol.  Parlo l'italiano, francais and English. Spanish, to me, sounds like Italian that's wrong. ;)
'scuse me, 3/5 letter roots. I never got the hang of that though. I read Arabic with training wheels. 
@absolutelytrue she didn't...you must not have the international language pack installed 
I wish I could talk English anytime. 
@ruthward english language, maths and french 
Need to study for the English test tomorrow 
Ah! Dari's going to Jinathan's house 
writing my english paper 
after lunch wine and conversation: in Japanese and Spanish. i dont get what S &amp; M is. 
@thrressatrn I have an A- in English, but I got a C on the AR, so I need to bring my grade up! 
doing my English assignment with a constant ringing in my ears... and I'm all out of tea 
@JoLagerlow I definitely felt like I used to be smarter. And I wish I'd done some work yesterday. I am doing English. 
It's a fine day!! but, I will stay at home all the day....I can't finish writing mail to my friends in English quickly 
I have the worst feeling that my english presentation is going to get a reeaaallyy bad mark  And I can't stop thinking about it!
Went through the first page of the Sanskrit text. The translation in English is bloody horrible! Egrr...This sucks!  
IKEA soon. English Mock Exam on Monday. Eng Comprehension undone. Extra English lesson on Wed. English. Comprehension I'm weak at 
watching a weird movie bout Alcatraz an doing my English proj only like 1/2 way thru  ( due Mon )
4 bits of long homework today. English, Biol, Welsh and Maths 
I'm practising English for my oral test now. 
I'm practising English now 
Hate da English department of my Uni,,makes me waiting all day 
@hoppyh social studies , math and English 
Working on my English.. I finished watching beverly hills 90210 season 2 and don't have season 3  what am I going to do 
Desperatly need to revise for my English Lit and Psychology exams 
@steffflooove: bitch what happened to you last night!!! 2 many cute Spanish boys and no Steffy  let's go out today (afternoon)
Loving the sunny English weather. Shame there's no beaches near Wolverhampton. 
I have lots of homework yay! Planning, English, and studying &lt;/3 And it's so nice out too  Maybe I will study outside later.
I still have my Spanish project to do  and a certain someone is being a douche baggggg.
as an aside, my 1st language is Italian, 2nd English, 3rd (poor) spanish &amp; upcoming 5th is French. My spelling is turning into slush 
Got English 1st  And I got a exam 
I got only 90% at English... I feel like shit because I'm the best student at English in my class and some dude who's clueless got 100%. 
Gotta write a protest song or poem for English... 
Unless I am missing something with bing.com, you don't get alot of cool features unless country/region is set to United States - English 
Reading Wasp reporter for English test 
@MyCheMicALmuse I'm revising for my English exam in a week  you?
dreading 1:30! going to fail my English exam 
I am loving the english weather but it won't last unfortunately 
Does not feel psyched at all for the English exam tomorrow.. and on top of that, I feel a headache coming on.. great 
might shave the armpits for summer and really cba for English 
Hmm...in bed..should go sleep soon...i need an early night since i gotts to get up at 5.30am for English Lang exam 
I had to skip my English Class to do all my homework 
I had to skip my English Class to do all my school homework 
Covered in sun burn and heat rashes, when I wasn't even tanning  ow :/ and love winning the kids at water fights English exam tomoz  xo
@madebymi awe don't fml ur life  English isn't that bad hehe
Finishing my english workbook... haha @aazenett me too 
Had a good 3 hour nap..I don't know how I'm gonna pass the English final 
@joeshow31 well i originally did that in sign language. but i don't think you saw it 
trying to finish my English portfolio of THREE essays  FML
I'm hungry... someone ate ALL the food and mom made Spanish Spaghetti 
Everything involving my English class makes me angry and frustrated. I just want it all to go away. 
Going to school... se ya' later!!! Got French, English, and Maths exams today 
Soooooooo tired. I have a English and geography exam today. I pretty much want to die right now 
i'm tired, and English exam isnt very helpful 
I am sooooo worried im going to fail my exams  I'm fine for tomorrow English p1 I'm okay with that i'm good at english LOL
Oh dear god English tomorow... save me 
Someone cancelled the recording of the MTV awards  English language? Easy 
I think I done okay in the English exam. I didn't get to number by answers though. Lets hope they dont mark me down! 
an A in English  - highlight of the daay  - but my belly huurts 
think my English exam went really bad today  .. didn't really get it  tho haha
Halfway there ... English exam tomorrow 
Woo! English teaching jobs in Miyazaki opening up!  Booooo, they're all with that company which shall not be named 
Aha, the English link is http://bit.ly/14Cf4z .  Shame my swedish is so poor. 
Shall I write in English or in German? Think I start with English...  Came home from holidays today  Don't know what to do now...
@dougiemcfly I have Eclipse in English!! But I'm about 8 hours by plane away from you  You should download the book, by 4shared.com
My BIL's English Bulldog died tonight. That makes me sad. She was such a sweetie doggie. 
Going to bed early + reviewing my spanish 
I go to school. I start with Spanish... I hate Spanish  
Dutch, Economy, Mathematics, English and 2 hours French. My schoollessons are boring today! 
@babygirlparis i  cant read that language. 
@pattycakesxo LOL Denzel's answers are so short.  He gave me U8 English and it doesn't help me at all. I like long answers.
@Refuah in English? 
Working on English timeline. 
argh stupid english assessment tomoro 
fell asleep for 30 minutes today in English, watching 'Shakespearian love' haha Conni said she was guna poke me 
Trying to finish my English assignment, which is due tomorrow 
@JemzNZ I know what you mean  and I can't even go watch, heu heu Spanish oral I'm barely prepared for
@mvrubio1 ... my spanish is too bad to understand this 
Trying to be subtle in my attempts to suggest my sister learns Esperanto - think it would do her a power of good, but she's not so sure 
Nooooo I don't wanna go to school!!!  I'm so tired and I hate both English and ipc  http://twitpic.com/6iwek
@LemonSkies Oh no! *hugs* I had a similar self-sabotage moment in my English exam. Went in but didn't write a word. 
is school. I have one of my Spanish finals today. 
GRR .. English &amp; Science exam tomowah hate science  !!
Friday English-Test  Happy! I've written C in Latin 
failed her stupid English Paper 1  Ugh,I hate exams so damn hard.
Science and English tomowah!! Double Revision 
Listening to music and falling asleep in English.  Really should be writing paper, but saving energy for summer gym. 
Where has the sun gone!!!! It was hot yesterday and today its raining???!!! That's English weather for you  Goin shopping later! woop!!! x
AHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!! I so just failed my English exam...... Love English. Hate Tests. 
wants to go out tonight soooo badly, but is going to stay in and attempt to work out the English pre-release material. Oddest topics ever 
@hnrxmcrlover American accents are amazing, my English accent is just boring, plain and crap 
@louella can't read reviews cause not in English  but loved your performances! talent!
@TickleMeJoey jooe, I do not know to say English, I you using a translator pra I speak in English (she-ass) I never go to make right one 
laments the state of English 20:20 cricket  #fb
@rick4stamps Wow!! I want to learn German. I dont know why, but I like it so much! I speak English and Spanish only  waaa!
Let's tackle English :S 
I hate how I always doubt my gut instincts on tests -___- I hope I'll get my A in English still 
Doing my stupid language arts project. 
Writing Presentation about my English Exam 
screwed up her SATs  English, you die!
SAT at Lynn English today 
wondering when i should bother to do my english corsework 
I have no English language ability anymore. 
@OfDreams_ I envy you if you are playing... I don't get my copy 'til English is handed in 
is happy exams are over ;) but how long is this blooin' English corsework takin!!! 
I attended an English class for the first time in three weeks! My English speaking skill have gotten worse... 
Learning French... 
last foto, last lunch, last day  looking forward to getting home decent coffee &amp; The English Garden #homeSweethome
I want more on Sabina Guzzanti.. nothing anywhere in English, its all dutch or italian 
writing an essay for English... I hope I do good...I really need to get a 2.0 this semester! I hate having bad grades 
Smiles is the longest word out of all English words because there's a mile between the 2 S's hahahaha..... I'm dead bored 
#Grails Plugins blog of @lucastex :http://tinyurl.com/cbwpp9 Thought I'd hit jackpot. Articles beneath are Spanish  English too please!
@jakebowles_ kkk, sorry out if something wrong, the English translator 
@eunice007 do you speak the language? i wish i did 
@theDebbyRyan Omg! what are the Essays for? English or somthing?   ... x
writting my spanish essay!!! 
@crmccreary you shouldn't use such bad language. 
@jbrazillian93 I know bad language 
I been gone all day.. Sigh iam in Atlantic city .. Exhausted but 3 more sets to go.. Y am I stuck hearing Spanish music all night 
hix .... my English test 's not good , my match 's not good , too.... oh no ! i want a nice summer holiday 
going to learn my spanish vocabulary also inever will need them again.. what a sinnlose arbeit 
@islaM_WAY It is such a pity that i do not understand Arabic........ 
Right, it's sunday, I have my English in less than a week, thus I am obligated to revise... Still don't think I will though 
Doing my English Coursework.. I am soo bored.. i hate school but can't go on in life without it 
I'm studying for my written exam of Spanish tomorrow... Pfff... 
The trophy on his hands feels so wrong.    There's no rolling on clay, no biting, no Spanish anthem. *whines*
I have a long day today! going to Billsies grad party, study for my math final  then work on a project for English then church! txt me
Anyone else having difficulties with the translation on #europarlTV? English doesn't work anymore for me  #ep09 #eu09
i am going to fail my spanish mock 
Supposed to be doing my English essay, but watching http://live.twit.tv instead 
BNP gets a seat in europe. This is a bad day for English politics.  (via @Toby_P) 
I'm sorry, spanish textbook, I have neglected you... 
The adventurer (SPANISH): I could not find the video In English  But do not stop commenting And rating http://tinyurl.com/m67jmg
I haven't got a good score at English listening class. Midterm score is sucks as well as attendence is not very good... I feel bad now. 
oh my god, English and math finals tomorrow. Fuuuckkkk 
Just got home. English class was an epic fail, I miss our previous adviser.  they grilled us top students in History! omg, I felt nervous!
Next will be English class for kindy.  I wish it's over asap. 
still haven't started with her translation.... 
nR: just found out: Google can't translate Farsi to English/German/Whatever  #iranelection
@LornaRamsey How did it go? I've made only a slow start on my English 
probably should have started reading at least one of my english texts by now ... 
my english teacher is right!  
#iremember skipping English class because apparently I can't spell. 
I went shopping today... after 3 hours of going round the shops i only got a summer dress.. i'm loosing hope in the English high street 
I can't find Joe Buck Live in English!  I took 5 semesters of Spanish, but only passed one.  
there's a hole in my ceiling and lots of people standing around it speaking Spanish and I just want them to go away so I can eat dinner 
Watching TV, really bored, but happy that i'm off of school, but i got summer school, failed English 
Is gonna be really sad to leave his Spanish family 
yay for japanese speeches. i still have to practise my english one! 
IB Spanish and History finals today 
Trying to find a good place for my English Mastiff to retire too.. 
Up early to study for a Spanish test! Verbs and irregular verbs suck! If I don't get them in English why would I get them in Spanish? 
Twitterlator got me cursing in Spanish on the train. I need my technology to cooperate with me 
so boring English class 
Eww!!! Spanish placement testing 
Twitterific is back  yay!  and I think I incurred the wrath of the Spanish Inquisition 
Why iphones should have a copy &amp; paste: sometimes I get messages in Spanish &amp; need to plug words into my translator app. Copy &amp; paste 
Now it's time to go to my English course 'n I don't even have my lunch! 
Still don't have the inspiration for my essay on Spanish culture 
@kingleer Yes, but it didn't work. And the problem was not the plug. [ sorry my English...  ].
@ShellTerrell Of your Hebrew proverb: it seems that some teachers don't accept it, so &quot;There is nothing new under the sun&quot; 
Thinking on volunterring at the SPCA,  English exam tomorrow 
Still watching period dramas. I wish there was a class like this at Umacq... I miss my English Extension class in high school so much 
@letter2twilight JC Superstar...ah, memories of Grade 8 English class (yes, I am that old) 
doing summaries for my English/History. I'm still 10 summaries behind.. 
Today was definitely tiring! First school, then the gym, English at the institute, and then visiting grandpa in the hospital.  
Off day tomorrow!  But then second part of the English Regents 
@awaretalkradio Unfortunately I cannot read Hebrew unless you place the vowel sounds for me. Illiterate you know! 
sleeeeep than English provincal 
feel bad about my English, Couldn't it be better? 
At school working on the Spanish essay... I wanna go home 
@uscnef lol, what?  I'm pretty good at Urdu, but I don't know what bosadi means. 
@BombingFlowers Are you still sick? Missed you in English today 
@asteris wrong suggestion. Doesn't translate Farsi. 
@Annie1978 Editing is possibly worse than translating yourself.  This is English to Macedonian, sometimes vice versa.
my english is sooooo bad 
Crammin in some last min study time! English exam all morning! I have that sick exam feeling  
Tweet in English is very difficult for me 
Glad to see the English weather has gone back to rain and cold instead of lots of sun, I fear change 
I can't make it this Friday for Spanish vs Mandarin Session , sorry!  I miss u ! 
The first part of my day is spent doing English, the second part is spent doing psych HG &amp; D  dumb school.
Can any English twitter manage to avoid the restlessness of the English weather? 
had the most embarrassing coughing fit in the middle of the English provincial. I thought I was gonna die... 
I could be playing ultimate. But instead I'm learning Spanish. 
lol im supposed to be studying for my English exam a long time ago i always say I will then i don't till very late  @shanedawson plz help
Really haven't been feeling well now I feel super sick   bed.  English exam in the morning
My written Urdu is incomprehensible, a fact that shames my daadi 
@nickjonas my english is very baad, don't you think? I think when you read what I wrote, you laugh at my terrible English Hahahaha 
Is sorry for her bad english... 
In Spanish with no one 
Hmmm...English regents in like 45 minutes. I'm too tired... 
god now I wish I did twilight for my English speech 
@larenin Gay, I'm pulling into my school now for part two of my English11 Regents 
I am trying to do my English essay D: damn 
getting ready for my worst two subjects, Spanish and Physics 
@MrsArchuletaa well!! and ugh, my Spanish final was actually hard too!  lol there was a ton of vocab we never learned!!
studying for world history regents  only 4 more left: World History, Spanish, French, and Math B ughh!
doing boring D&amp;T and English coursework 
@sarahemadden it's good ? i don't know that it is  sorry my english is bad
Tired from job... Now working on the Spanish essay again 
my spanish is not improving    
@antheia !!!  (I've apparently given up on language)
More Exams ,, Geography And French 
Blegh English exam.. and my tummy hurts from cake and orange juice. 
@JSNFRMN sorry for my english is too bad 
is dreading his French and Spanish exams  -.-
The Spanish exam I wrote today was a fucking nightmare.  We were never taught us how to say &quot;kitchen&quot; in Spanish, man!  
studying for my math &amp; English final.. I just want summer 
@gypsygirl52 you wait; I'll see.  I'm surfing the web; sifting through threads.  Wish I read Farsi though   #Iranelection
my english is horrible 
I still have two exams to go!! Social and English Part B! 
@google Persian/Farsi is not present for me on http://bit.ly/IWjMH  right now. 
Course of English Phonetic Phonology is SUCKS,hate it .. 
LMAOOO studying Shakespeare brings back good memories from English class..if only I hadn't let time pass me by since then! 
@WoollyMittens well, I grew up with both (they don't exist in English, are hard to get in French, somewhat easier in Spanish) I agree. 
Ham-egg-n-cheese English Muffin from Dunkin Donuts sucked this morning...all since they changed the usual crew - no coincidence, sadly 
damn it! i forgot to do my homework in English... now, i have to do it plus with parent's signature 
Assistant brought me popcorn as a healthy snack, I'll miss the Spanish churros 
@DraikeDawnfire Aw, I was hoping that I was special enough to get a Spanish message from you. I wanted to brush off my skills. 
Soccer camp shoot all day, Rained out yesterday  Very cool listening to all the English Accents from the coaches.
Does anyone have their green English book? Rewriting a MI2 essay without it is hard 
If you ask me: I really like English. But I'm suck at it  Could you please help me xD
@tommcfly Babelfish is a bad translator 
Sooo tired. I'm back from hockey&amp;English classes 
well, i've decided to drop Mandarin in next year SPM. sorry guys. 
I wrote my paper in English and now that I'm about to present it in Bahasa, I'm so confused what to say. I shud have joined the honors 
@LisaLoo22 Yeah... I failed math  and I wanted to raise my English grade...
Can one of these signs be in English too?    my Spanish is not so complete http://twitpic.com/7vqlm
My video from the @think09 event by @ejcnet http://bit.ly/boSiJ My English is very bad here 
@SIM00N English  lol awh well last one  I'll be seeing you sooon I expect! you guys free lots?
Lord of The Flies. :| And the English version of Noli's lost. 
@toyohara I don't read Japanese very well and the translation of your tweet made no sense - sorry   Try again in English?
Those dark clouds aren't gonna stop me, time to get out into the surf. Bit chilly in the English Channel though 
Little bit frustrated that @tweetdeck for Mac still uses American English dictionary, even though system is set to British English 
I want this keyboard in Spanish too  I guess you can't have it all
I finished my english lessons 
is screwed for my English exam. I can't find my binder so I can't study  FML.
i find my english is very very very poor 
can't sleep... searching for a downloadable Span-English dict... Found one but it's only a 10 day trial 
@teendrama OK, sweetos. ('Exam' looked good - sounds a lot like that new Spanish thriller, 'Fermat's Room'. Also, pity 'Moon' sold out 
why cant i have a great english like you have? 
the French is not an easy language.. 
I hate Roxette singing in Spanish, though. What an awful idea! Who is the stupid bastard that translated the songs???? 
i so sorry my english is very poooorrr   
@Emxoily unfortunately? you're kidding, haha. i'm sorry about my english, is really terrible 
ughhhhhhh english essay 
@denisearcoverde Thanks! Wish your own was in English! 
@Jonasbrothers  my english is very poor   because i from kolombiam
This guy is so confusing  Wtf ! Can i get some English ?
i should probably prepare for my english 
it wasn't a good Arabic  exam   hope to make better at English tomorrow :'(
@treetracker damn thats crazy. I cant read Farsi 
i am losing my English speaking tweeps 
I hope there are translators out there in the world helping to get our English stuff to them.  Until all of this, I never heard of Farsi.
Finish. I have to replace the Spanish one though. 
@halloosh93 Noway ( I don't wanna have Arabic lesson today  I wanted to see Depp's movie so bad 
Oh god its not just the BNP to be wary of its the English Democrats too 
i think i'll do my English homework in the afternoon. an essay about macbeth  good work shakespeare but i hate essays
wishes some distributor would release Mad Love with English subtitles.  Spanish isn't on my list of language hopefuls. 
I want a better, more complete Filipino - English dictionary. 
@cheesecakechan Y'know I just noticed, I always pick songs in English  You pick them in,um (lol, idk) so should I choose a diff lang. too?
dying to watch Taley Rissaya! why is there no english subtitles? why is there only subtitles for Rahut Rissaya?!  
@haykuro is the only language for this english? (http://bit.ly/hbNId ) i love it but i want it in spanish too 
I give in. I'll start embracing the Beckhams if the English agree to take back their weather 
@badavarascal seriously... I don't get it, da... type it out in English... 
@preethzzz @badavarascal I can understand Tamil. but not Tinglish! (Tamil written in English). it's difficult! I'm already weak in tamil 
I got my book for AP English class so Ima read... I hate reading but I guess I'll still have to read to a good grade 
Texting to English: U r in trouble  http://ow.ly/fAOM
Ok, this time is true! i'm going to write in English...   hi everybody,I think I have the swine flu 
Studying for my English final 
Shouldn't have eaten so much at Stepho's before Mandarin class  burpo
I didn't get a chance to study Mandarin or Japanese today, I feel guilty   Does everyone else feel guilty when they don't study?
bored in English class 
@balaji_a Gosh, wonder why they censored it in English - it seems odd that their main press release left this crucial bit off! 
@gorrie Hey, one of the reasons I'm learning Japanese is to do just that, teach English in Asia! 
@ObamaNews Oh!! The Arabic translation is saved on a pdf file  !! #obama #me
I have assumed the middle eastern sense of apathy, which, unfortunately prevents me from committing to my Arabic. how ironic 
I paid twelve whole English pounds 4 a dress ring @ accessorize and a mere 4 wears later it's fallen to bits &amp; scarred me with green! 
Going to school in about 40 minutes, having testweek this week with English and Greek tests today 
@aleksk can't seem to find where to set default language either! 
@Kamcakes: I KNOW I KNOW I am the one who needs it, anyway. It's not that I don't want to learn Arabic or Mandarin. I just prefer French 
Another transatlantic assault on English  http://bit.ly/8DAn2
At School; In English; Writing My English Poems 
why everyone speaks in English in here??  it's kind of... um...........................  well i don't know what to say 
@galaxydazzle gah I don't have my English phone on me today, I forgot to unplug it before I left 
I hate that I need to tweet everything in English. :') I'm too lazy, but nobody will understand me. 
Shame for just talk in English and Portuguese. 
@purrplexa And its a wonderful thing!  I'm all in favor of using the entire English language (shit, I use #expletives too, I think) 
@lanafromoz Your professor is just failing at Plain English Communication, clearly. 
@rtolido I see they used English to reply, rather than Esperanto. I rest my case! 
@Debblues that pic was taken when I found out the entire night of presentations was going to be in Hebrew!  #videoTLV
@minhhiept Mistakes in writing are ok, right?  I just want to practise a little daily-life-English.
need to dry my hair, then off to market! I hope the British man has sausage rolls today for the English husband 
going to look up my high school English teacher. he'll be happy I *did* end up being a writer when I grew up after all  um wait? grown up?
@ffuk how about learning a foreign language 
Exellent! A brand new day even if stills dark, On my way to help @  Hillsong Spanish extension 
@emiliablue Pardon? English? Oops, thought I am writing in suaheli all the time... 
@sorcha69 it didn't do it for me in italian so didn't bother with it in English version there are a few horrors coming out soon though 
@ruskin147 I have made big tough Australians blanche with effective use of the English language. The meaning of the word twixt is useful 
@Flimsey Am loving your English to French translations 
@SuzyDaFloozy LOL at twat ... never doubt my English again LOL - I who don't speak it 
I'm bout to switch back to Japanese.BBL you English speaking people... 
@sweet_joanne  U spent your new year here..do you have some fun??!we were both from novaliches?can you speak any Tagalog...? 
http://www.newsgeek.co.il looks like an interesting site for Hebrew reading tech people 
I doubled my pc performance for just 21$  me so proud (this is for my English speaking readers out there 
Sitting in the backyard sunbathing studying for Spanish 
oh I think I passed me English final 
@Geurtie simply gorgeous  We are in Topsham this pm which is a jewel on the coast - mix of olde English and Dutch architecture. Beautiful.
@mbertoldi it's all good. I'm a good translator and got what you meant. 
@vodkahouse HAHA. I &lt;3 how French is not easy translated from English. I got what u said thou but it's funky&amp;funny  I'll write that down.
@navawritz I thought you don't like when ppl write in Hebrew here  And that's not entirely true, since most don't need FB in Hebrew
But Spanish restaurant was nice and we had a nice dessert there instead 
@drdanick glad to help  C is a very useful language to understand - but it gets pretty mindbending to actually write programs in ;)
@0oTLo0 wow very cool! your English is not bad actually.  
Yay ! Spanish class 
@dbldbl ahhahah... i don't even know if i used the word correctly LOL... my english language proficiency is not properly functioning 2day 
@jack It's more Indian than Arabic and it's very fast, can get bits but not much, having a good laugh trying though 
@sotak you're having Spanish lessons? why? 
@juliamele Welcome to twitterverse Julia. English only!  btw.. is this class fun or what?!
Maybe I should start Twittering a) more than before, and b) in English so everyone understands... What do you think? 
IB English World Lit 
@alethe so is that means you gonna speak another language ? Arabic for instant or what ? 
Teacher of English and Turkish 
@booklover1984 thanks!! i love it, too  it means &quot;blessing&quot; in Hebrew 
@crazybrave looks like my Spanish is better than my Italian   Lots of European dishes on masterchef, I was expecting more asian influences
@w_mitty you are just enjoying saying the Spanish Inquisition over and over again aren't you 
@ladybug27 OK No worries. - Yes, sum things cn b rlly funny. &amp;, no matter the English, we're not always &quot;saying&quot; the same things. I know. 
@khanserai  I'm use to the everyone talking Arabic and understanding 10% this happens most of the time when I have coffee with friends 
@AnnieYen I wish my English can as good as ???'s 
AAAAAAAAAAH *-* demi wrote in Spanish *-* i loved it 
@ddlovato  woooooww your spanish is very good!! 
AAAAAAAAAAH *-* demi  wrote something in Spanish *-* i loved it 
Writing my English story  It involves @hannahmcfly and @tommcfly  peow peow ;)
@luvlyloops Curriculum Vitae - you might call it a Resume. We English like our Latin over French. 
Brave with this smart translation machine. No more fear of visiting Spanish website!  http://tinyurl.com/b55amn
@mquinnv In Spanish: tira=throw, mi=my, su=his. I guess the Spanish throw stuff an the Italians pick it up.  Still a favorite dessert!
Omg, What am I saying.  All mistakes. I wonder what does it mean in pure English: &quot;wiped cream&quot;? ))
@nieldlr good luck [insert the appropriate Mandarin saying here..] 
@jplaman QingWen is the app - great Chinese/English dictionary, word lists, pinyin, etc.  Best part - free! 
My Spanish teacher just sent me my final grade, finally done with online classes 
@davengeo thanks for the invitation, but it would be challenging for me to run a real show with my poor Spanish skills 
@Vertigo_X I'll check out capesnbabes.com. Was reading Union of Heroes, switching back and forth from German to English 
@rikycoh  So much fun to read twitter in Hebrew 
@realBillyMays Sharks know how awful the English taste. Sully was safe the entire time 
@clocsen I accept the blame . But I said &quot;in English&quot; (the language), couldn't say &quot;in British&quot;, could I ? 
@Dutchrudder I told 'em that the English have a special quality when it comes to cussing! Welcome to the fun, Dutch! 
@deversum lolz  I'm the other way 'round. My English is better than my Dutch (which is considered weird here :p)
@GreatDismal Wolfram's got a Chinese Room problem: If Chinese (or Bangalorean) hackers can run it without knowing English, why should it? 
@nicolerichie have you watched Persepolis? Broken English is also nice for sundays 
writing my english original writing storyyyyy. and listening to 'a little respect' by erasure  aaaaaah.
might start Spanish...any min now....nope just can't do it! xx 
The geographY was an exam today!But turned out well  OMG on Wednesday will a English exam xD   I woul'd be very nervous...
@stephenfry hong kong is great for crazy &quot;English names&quot;. A friend works with a &quot;miss chewbacca leung&quot; 
I got 5 in English lesson  now drinking sprite
@Fitoria how's the translation going? 
@Lastoadri or maybe start your own Arabic teaching podcast? 
My english is broken 
@tinaiko Online Chat with English Expert is open now http://q4english.ning.com  - you can ask anything 
oooh glad I checked canal+ sport extra, commentary in English 
Watching the Spanish grand prix with dad 
@n00dlez thank you  good luck with ur IT and English! i'm on study leave on the 21st, it's just before we break up for may half term
My roommate and her classmate are speaking Spanish and they sound great!  I wish I could speak a second language like that.
Working hard on my final paper for my English class, which is due on Wed. I definitely consider myself a pro... 
fed up of English weather . Cant wait till I go to Florida in 6 weeks 
@blackmantra28 @maryk3lly hey mantra! mary doesn't speak Tagalog, she's my Aussie friend 
@Lastoadri  yes I meant it  .. and I found a great one supporting Arabic   http://is.gd/xea7
@gabanti avoiding writing the english speech is fun too  -s
10am local and 5 laps down. Line's drying and I'm flying  Gonna be very busy by 12 tho, hope English all go home early!
@ekesse ummm...maybe that's a portrait of English 'yoot' that's a wee bit unfair. I'm just bitter I'm up so early I suspect 
@SofiaMiller why do you know Tagalog? i'm not really a native speaker of Tagalog, but i know some stuff.  this is cool! lol.
@Korinne93 haha I'll always love your English!  happy you're back!!
@Aoife_B i'm proud  i hate maths, officialy btw in those sheet things we were given it said &quot;5 gades above a C including English&quot;.....
@Totallyhypermp ...a what? English, por favor. 
it feels strange to actually talk online in English and not just type - but it`s so cool at the same time 
@anniedaum this is dear from you! i will do my best and i hope i will improve my english 
thinks this Mexican place must be authentic since we are 2 miles from the border and nobody speaks English. 
@RoWiRo Tuitero would be twitterer, that's how we (Spanish speakers) translated it here 
@funkypancake Ah, how I miss the English pub! 
up all night doing English work  yayyy
@mark_ca 'you are right' - are there three more beautiful words in the English language? if so, I don't know what they could be 
Today I start to twitter in English cause I have to improve my language skills. Please be forbear with me 
My blog (English) is up 382% in traffic, my Hebrew blog is up 145% Thank you ALL!! I really appreciate it 
@foreverivy im Filipino  I have blood of Spanish and Chinese 
Tomorrow i will go with @itslauraaa  to Antwerpen ...and we can talk French Flemish and English ^^  amazing 
@zegomesjf In English please mate! 
Off to study for Spanish, how fun  aww well once im done that only 3 to go, woo hoo, catchy bubbles xoxo
@fwuzzfwuzz You're welcome. I love languages and want to learn them more 
@lilacbutterfly Lovely. Are they English ones? 
My Spanish teacher is going nuts, and i'm watching him, but i cant hear him. Its hilarious 
@littleguy80 Are you sure thats just toddler language your translating ?  
I think I'll finish my English homework now. I'll do it outsides as the weather is very nice again. see you later 
I will be glad to get away from all this rainy English weather for a while 
On school having English, it's my last hour. So I go to home in a view minutes! 
most difficult word to spell (like, in the entire English Language): unnecessary. I never, NEVER get it rite. Thank god for google  #FAIL!
Yeah , writing some lines German now as well, sorry to all my English-speaking followers 
@kylehase Those are not mine  Sorry to say I don't know any shared calendar for events in English unfortunately
I gotta go to Viet's house now. Learning English. Let's go 
@Timen hey sorry man. Ppl are more comfortable with Vietnamese. Anyways, good to think about the next one in English 
i did my english speech... C+ 
@jillesdotcom Sorry... German or English ? 
So, OK, you induced me, I'll write in English again, now. 
@LasseStilvang Your english is exceptional! 
Is so excited that she's gonna get an A in English 
@theladyisugly Ah, alright. It's American and British culture that fascinates me. (Mostly because I, y'know, speak the language.  )
I can't believe I stayed away from twitter for more than 24 hours. Yesterday was crap, last day of English. 
@siobhaness ASMB! bahah, english is hilaaarious 
@michaelsheen yummy, English tea... me want some!! 
Pidgin English words (i intend to teach u some) katim gras - haircut  
Gotta ask my English teacher about things on my persuasive essay about vegetarianism.  If you didn't know already, I am a vegetarian. 
Yay! Fixed someothing that was wrong with my computer  and watched Shortland St in English coz it is similar to Macbeth atm. lol XD
This is so cute. You guys have so much in common, You both speak english :] -- I lovee the Freshh Princee 
okay, so I need a 5.9 for a 7 for Spanish. I can do it ^__^  sleepy time.. nn twitterers
@MarisaNakasone  i didn't know his new novel 1Q79 in English  is not out 
@upscale You will definitely find Mandarin knowledge advantageous &amp; you should do an intense course, but it's not the be all &amp; end all 
@MarisaNakasone i didn't know his new novel 1Q79 in English is not out  http://bit.ly/56m4T
On the school. English again. But it is MOVIE time! 
in the library; English next. Romeo and Juliet is the cutest thing ever 
#followfriday @addersop - for the discussional merits of English vs Spanish football and team tribalism 
@Jennybean_01 Yes, I am. Once a week. I'm back from the class. Thanx  but I wish my English was better! I make stupid mistakes so often :p
