Most common words for this cluster:
[('england', 322), ('wales', 21), ('ashes', 19), ('weather', 17), ('today', 16), ('rain', 16), ('day', 15), ('cricket', 14), ('i', 14), ('new', 12), ('week', 12), ('way', 11)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'England', 0.9841483235359192), (u'stock_symbol_BNK', 0.7563143372535706), (u'ticker_symbol_BNK', 0.7500886917114258), (u'Wales', 0.6607412695884705), (u'FOOTBALL_::', 0.658229649066925), (u'Engand', 0.6571947336196899), (u'Engalnd', 0.6553556323051453), (u'LSO_St_Lukes', 0.6324883699417114), (u'Graner_contradicted', 0.6247950792312622), (u'Englad', 0.6115880608558655)]





@CHRISDJMOYLES I'm not excited as I live in Wales 
@lejeff oh pants! I'm hanging out with the old folks back  in England   Defo b up 4 1 when I get back. tho 
At school right now.. Just watched This is England, and I'm sorry to say that I didn't like it that much  Maby because I watched it here?
The end of This is England was horrific 
I am missing England. 
@aydafield Erm can we please not mention Cadbury's choc...... I moved from England to California and really miss Cadbury's 
@GpaHill not really. England and Sweden (and perhaps more) have it too. But ours' punishment is extremely harsh 
@tommcfly I wish that I could tweet from England. 
@tommcfly no i haven't  hey but you guys are back in England!!! Welll it was super great last night!! Can't wait for the next gig!
been watching MTV Made, and i want to go on it, too bad they don't have it in England 
@emilypaigee no, there are crappy agencies in England!  haha, who's your favourite agencie?
I miss the abundance of readily available climbing walls in England 
@ perezhilton do you ever come to England?! i would love to read your book but i dont know where to get it! 
@tommcfly hahaha i wish i was in England, Tom 
@ikki_oo Ha, well I'm leaving my home in sunny France to fly to England, which is not so sunny. So sadly not 
@SammiJoXX sadly I didn't get to go  you'll have to tell me about the England convention!
I know what my Ashes song is going to be, but im not home so i can't post the link to youtube... So it will be revealed later... 
@92maria yeah, but I've tried searching the net, but I cant find it  Guess we'll just have to wait until it airs in England ;)
@markydotcom I hope so, that would mean I can leave now and head over to islandsOA! No lego in florda, which means I'm still in England 
@jamesheart24 no, not really. Well, we do have a couple of show's that are copied from England, but it's not the same 
@JenBrockwell a farewell party, a friend is going back to England after a year of living here 
@skulldemon13 it's a slideshow of pictures of my friends and my friend that goes back to England this week 
@taylorswift13 oh say hello to me!!! I miss London and England 
@FrankieTheSats Not as rainy as Wales! 
@Dezz_MCR I don't like England at all, it's boring, crap and my accent sucks majorly 
@joebrooksmusic Heck yeahh, we all the love the sun! England doesn't see much of it though 
@bmaldonado Yeah, if only they existed in New England.  
it's gonna friggin rain again  England is great really
@caseystratton Ok, that's even more awesome about the price, England is prejudiced about myopics over here price wise 
Why does it always rain in England? 
Deb's last full day in England. 
Wishing I was in England this morning... 
if you are under 26 u could get free tickets to theatres courtesy of Arts Council England -  http://ow.ly/7qdD . too late for me! 
No England trip  Things fell through last minute. Going to figure out another vacation trip later this summer I guess.
@JanaAlyssa yeah I just want to do it  aw that's still awhile! I want to do Europe again &amp; stay in England for awhile to look at all the
What a gloomy day    Cricket is on though so may be able to watch an England Victory in between the odd bit of work...
Is watching this is England...goodness me 
@deansherwood I wish I could make an offer but I spent all my money to go in England to see McFly 
not been on in a while, loving being back in Englad altho have developed a strange rash... 
@mileycyrus  No i didnt lol as im in England :L weve just got rain  floods of rain. AGAIN 
@ajresch I wish there were tbell lava stuff in England 
Wow. I actually got myself tickets to a cricket match. England vs WI. 2nd ODI. What does that mean? I have no one to go with. 
awww imiss my bestie lucky her in England i miss her so so much  i'm jealous
agh! freaking out about going to Wales already! &gt;&lt; not packed!! 
@GDGOfficial  what about England??
@mitchelmusso Think you should do a tour in England, we dont got to see any aweomse people !! 
@hptwilighter I'm dying to read it!  I hate England.
@scomizzle ur moving to leeds?? wut are u doing up there? work? ur just a jetsetter..i wanna move to England too 
@mitchelmusso would love to talk to you but i live in England so unfair 
@DonnieWahlberg what if we are in England?  x
@TinaS71 shit I think it's called midnight in new England! And next time invite me.. I've never seen him! 
@mileycyrus  Why don't you come to Blackpool in England? It's like Vegas apart from it's not. x
OMG!! The weather is actually nice! England has out done itself! Unfortunately if no english weather this won't last  x
@DeclanLyons The Ashes will be interesting, let's hope it isn't a 5-0 mullering like down under 
oh my, i didn't realise you could get so sunburnt in England!! ouch 
I honestly don't know who played worse rugby today - the #Lions or #England 
he's only playing back home in England though 
is annoyed she can never see soulja boy on live stream coz shes in England.. he's.. everywhere.. you know.. the time difference and all 
@snedwan You have no idea how badly I want to.  Italy, England, Scotland... Atlantis.  I was very close 2 years ago and shit went down.  
I'm sad that England lost yesterday - chin up though boys Rome wasn't built in a day... and all that!  Lions - phew.  SuBo   Diversity 
@JMacOnline and am well gutted coz yuuh doin a concert on july 2nd ( ma birthday ) n i can't get there, mostly cause i live in England  x?
has just landed in LA yayayaya dont miss England at all ,, only here for 2 weeks hol tho 
I want to be back in Wales despite the lack of internet  Never thought I'd say that.
barbecue with neighbour hmm it's boring!  I will to England 
Today is exactly one year since I left England. Bummer 
@rybakontwit It's not out in England yet... 
@Dannymcfly When are you guys coming back? England misses mcfly 
@Dannymcfly England misses you guys. 
But I dont think it gets shown in England 
@kristiiiiine Neither does England  Well, minus the Brits but who cares about that?
really really wants to watch the hills finale! I hate living in England!!! 
@TraceyHewins I will continue trying! and.. when I win.. I'm going to live to England!!  Lol (think that never  hehe)
I miss New England 
i want to leave for England sooner. can i, can i?? probably not 
@PembsDave LOL just realise it is morning in Wales now~ (heard it was hot yesterday)~ good moring ha! (and spider is scaring to me  lol)
Strettle misses yet more England games. This time he's got a dodgey tummy.  #rugby #quins
@Rachel_England wonder if there were newly qualified journos saying the same thing when we were advertised to 
The last survivor of Titanic died in England yesterday  -Mollie
I don't think we're going to England anytime soon. That is unfortunate for the graduate of British Lit. Oxford 
I knew England having amazingly hot weather couldn't last long 
What's all this about people living in England? Add me to the list, I live here too 
woo woo!! its totally awesome, too bad they don't have it in England 
doesn't want to be back in England 
@grayzo Everything would be so much easier if we lived in England 
@crsholic I tried to change it and now it doesn't work    and I'm going to England!
@tommcfly aww, you back in England? What a bummer, we're not in the same time zone anymore 
@rizwandean bloody cold and windy day  I almost thought I was in England &gt;&lt;
Ashes to Ashes makes me cry 
@AlyssaNoelleD I wish I could, but it's 11pm and it costs a LOAD to call from England 
Ashes is giving me a sad  #ashestoashes
@bodylikemind I can't ring England on my contract 
Ashes was so sad  i cried
Another fantastic Ashes to Ashes but wasn't it sad? Even sadder that it's the last one next week 
No good doughnuts in England. 
Final full day in England  Sad times as i dont want to leave!
I hate today, everything is going wrong. May not be able to afford trip to England this weekend. 
@DebbieFletcher And Wales!! #McFlyforWales !!! haha they weren't here last tour  xxx
@mileycyrus Are you making the announcement on the TV cause i live in England i dont know if i will see it  xx
@gfalcone601 i should soo do that but i need to get back to England asap.. miserable in Texas 
@NewPageOldStory oooh excitemente . aww leslie come live in England now and make me a cup of tea for my poorly tequila belly 
JTH and CR dropped from the England team. 
@dannymasterson I hate living in England sometimes, The Hangover doesn't open till next week 
Whose bright idea was it to turn off the sun? i knew this hot sunny weather was too good for England   
Waiting patiently indoors for the heatwave to leave Wales, can't take any more sun 
@mileycyrus not coming to England  I got so excited aswel!
@ceggs Aw why is it so far away?!?! Wales is miiiles  I love monster trucks
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/5ut6j - AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW  My sister just left for England and I started crying tooo !
Today was great..tonight was crappy. Not looking forward to a long flight to England 
@mukkuu think yourself lucky you don't live in the north of England!!! Tho I guess we're used to it!  xXx
@SLAPP5 Ahhh. )) me too! I wanna do a lot of things when I go to England. 
Seems to be really cold today in England  Bring back the hot weather!
 i have got to go to amsterdam on monday. England, please get with the programme. this could be a nightmare.
Stupid England  silly Broad, all that good bowling and literally threw it away
After losing to the Netherlands, I doubt that England will get past the first round. Especially cos Pakistan's in their group  #cricket
@LaurenConrad Awwwwwwww come to England soooon!! We miss out on everything over here  xoxo
Hell fire England have just been beaten by the Dutch at Cricket 
Something save us, MORE BNP councillors?! Nice one England 
@Charonqc story starts &quot;England crashed to one of their most ignominious cricketing defeats of all time.&quot; Not good  http://bit.ly/e2cBe
@DebbieFletcher Gosh, bet you're tired  what time is it in England? Past midnight, right? you should get some sleep.. xx
@mabelmoments Yeah, Oz is pretty good. Scotland no go unless in the cities, and the towns we lived in in England - forget it 
@PumaSwede England lost to Holland yesterday..... AT CRICKET! Never been so ashamed! There's only just 11 Dutchmen that play the game! 
Missing England when it's as good as this....   
LOL at England cricket for losing to Holland! HAHA, got to laugh or you'd cry! Summer's over  :$
@seanpaull I'll go for 3-1 England...looking like rain in SMolton but not started yet...has in Barnstaple by sound of it though 
@MATTHARDYBRAND good luck with the trip! Have a good one! It will at least be better than being stuck in rainy old England today.... 
@JoDunbarxx back to standard old rainy England 
A busy day today, lots of homework. How delightful...  (The final Ashes to Ashes on monday&lt;3)
Feeling quite sorry for England cricket team at the moment  They did not have a great game yesterday
@JasonRise ... now my England Argentina tickets sound crappy!  Its alright for some! One day I'll have press ticks for Lions ;)
England are playing tonight.The fine footballing nation of Azerbaijan.You watch we'll get butt kicked  
Its raining in England atm  i dont like it!!
@tommcfly You guys should come play Australia! I'm originally from England but moved, and I miss hearing your songs on the radio 
Not watchin the England Kazak game, going to be boring like every other England game!! 
England is slipping! soon be off the table - cant do it on my own 
Not liking Setanta Sports  Ah well, come on England!
is listernin 2 beyonce - diva n is waitin 4 the rain 2 leave us in England! 
Just got back to grammys. Mums on her way to England and Dillon is on his way home  miss them both.
It seems that England has confused weather.. First it red hot and now its raining 
Hoping the England footie team can do better than the cricketers against the Dutch last night! Can't watch match tho cos I'm off to work 
Watching England with hubby before he goes to work 
England need to tie to qualify. Portugal needs to win TODAY 
England are the most boring team to watch ever 
I wish Scotland was going to the World Cup next year in South Africa - we need a miracle    #England
With this result, England will climb to 5th position in the IRB ranking and we'll go down to 6th  #rugby #pumas
Needs a holiday. Staying in England sucks. Especially now our sunny week has ended. I hate cold rainy weather. 
@amysav83 uff u would be in England 
Today has made me realise that I really can't stand living in England, I mean it's july and the weather is depressing 
Today has made me realise that I really can't stand living in England - it's july and the weather is depressing  I miss the sun
@dougiemcfly Lol, Poor Argentina! When are u back in england? England is sad 
England's on the telly     football)
Its midnight. And suprise, suprise, here in England, its raining.  We have had great weather for a week! Now its crappy weather again. 
@mileycyrus Mileyyy are you ever gonna tour or do a few concerts in England? 
is wonderign why when Davod finally comes to England near where I live, he doesn't arrange to meet up 
is wondering why when David finally comes to England near where I live, he doesn't arrange to meet up 
I'm still feeling quite jet lagged and I'm missing England already  Going to go to bed. The beach may cheer me up tomorrow. ~Cheers
YES!!! C'mon Detroit!!  One more game to go!!  Hopefully I'll be able to watch it in England 
Also I was in the middle of a creepy/awesome Ashes to Ashes dream that I really wanted to finish and see how it ended...! 
why arent blink 182 coming to England?? 
It's not fair no one I like tours England 
@Jay_182 haha... I have to wait so LONGEEEEER coz' now im not living in England T_T 
Driven bak to Wales in a couple of hours  
is very nervous about the England game v Pakistan later 
is listening to Beyonce and is sad about the horrible weather in England today 
@BritsOnPole Yeah, but England aren't on till 5ish I think.  Can't be worse that the Holland game 
@solomonster Nice weather? Its pissing it down here in England! 
@LegsVampiri aha, it just seems to be rain here in England 
back from England 
@tommcfly Oh you should tell my dad to let me &amp; my sister go to England and see you guys this summer too. He wont let us.. 
off to watch England more stress 
@NileyLoveStory congratulations! i wish we did cheerleading here in England, but unfortunately we don't  is it fun ?
Sitting down , having a cup of tea, watching the cricket. England doing rather well. Oh spoke too soon.... 
@tommcfly Tom obviously ur best fans are in England we love u the most come back come back  &lt;3 xxxxxx
@JLSOfficial It sucks I live in Wales so i cudnt go the summertime ball!  please come to wales agen!... soon.
Down in England for the weekend, horrendous rain down here 
I hate the rain  It should be summer but then again this is England...
@KendraWilkinson I can't watch it until next week cos i live in England  But i'm still excited for next week haha
last sunday i was in the lovely warm France...this sunday i'm in cold England 
@amandahaneline0 have fun on the beach whilst some of us are stuck in rainy England  enjoy the sun for me
Wales next, I remember living there 
crazy to think I was on a plane to Manchester a week ago.  What a difference a week makes.  Missing England 
@untoward .....followed by a flight to London, England? a man can dream... 
India ousted of the world T20 event in England 
@RussMenear hey love muscle..how was the flight back to England!!! Miss u guys already 
@JoanneDuran I'm sure ;) I used to live in Wales so had my fair share of rain. Now I live in Manchester and think I get even more 
@MadgeC Where exactly in England are you? It's pissing it down here 
@AndreaVerdura my father would rather go to England this year than spend time with his family 
@ShellyManwaring Amen to that  Two multi day England trips full of multi location meetings. I'll be knackered by Sunday night.
Not had any rain today in the south of England.  Well lots of miles south of oxford that is. probably get it tomorrow 
@DaveJMatthews One is not happy that you are not playing in Scotland...  trying to arrange travel to see you in England tho 
Rain rain go away...... No game in cricket and England will be out 
Doing the opposite of a rain dance - apparently, if it doesn't stop raining at Lord's in the next 30 mins or so, England are out 
@CathalC Sadly I think even the power of DotNetNuke can't save England now 
8 from 8. England are heading for defeat 
 England what the hell :'( :'( #cricket # T20
ah balls! windies go through to semis &amp; England are out. stupid fuppin English rain cocking it up for us again. so close  #cricket
i want sonic  to bad new England doesn't have any.
@preityzinta Followed by England 
Not happy about England being knocked out of t20 
@brooksbayne Yes there's way too much knife crime here in England. Quite shocking statistics. 
How did we lose that...here's to the Ashes 
@_CorruptedAngel  yah for now.... really bummed though...my Aunt is heading to England and Scotland this week and I am not able to go.... 
@UnkScreenwriter you want to try living in England... no god Mexican food AT ALL!!! I miss burritos 
On the way back to England... 
@sheb57 gnight shame about England 
England make it to 161 and West Indies have to score 9 an over for 9 overs.  Harsh  #T20
Even I found the England vs India cricket exciting yesterday - shame we could not win today too 
@Mattdavelewis England's out too ....   well maybe next year ... SouthAfrica looks like it might walk away with the world cup this year ..
Thunder storms!! Whats that all about? I miss England 
@VanessaaHudgens I can't vote because i live in England  I really wanna vote.
@tommcfly You're so lucky to live in England 
@Nahrain yeah, the torturer (Lynndee England), she's another sick puppy. 
I really wish the CMT awards were on TV in England  
@chazak0 I want to help. What can i do from England? 
Hey @alyankovic I went to California to see you live last year. Will you ever come to England?   (#WeirdAl live &gt; http://ustre.am/3nDH)
Whats with the rain  where did the sun go  Hawl England give it back!!
@JungleJulia of course you will see the louvre may I just say I've lived in England since I was 6 and been to paris twice &amp; never seen it 
Why does it ALWAYS rain in England even when its supposed to be Summer? 
I wanna go to England but I'm not sure is it possible for me anymore 
Why is England so cold! 
@ddlovato Im not coming to your show  i live in England but i SO want you to come to Manchester! xxx
@HopeWaldorf wowwww your so lucky I would love to live in America, it's been my dream for like years lool And England 
@wordwill Ugh, me too  Supposed to be even hotter tomorrow! Another resoon to be glad I'm headed to England soon!
@lyteforce shit, I wonder how many hours it is untill England start talking about that being an omen 
is starting to get a wee bit frustrated since it has rained on the last 6 golf tourneys I've played, incl today. New England weather! 
On my way home from Scotland. Feels rather depressing to be back in England 
Ugh! The wind obliterated my New England Asters! Sounds like a monster breathing outside. 
waiting for my private lessons   Summer Holidays here I am ...England  England 4ever  Anne bff
Is New England always this rainy? 
@truthispoison I love you too! Did ya come to England? I know you went to Ireland, but that's too far from me  Deffo need to meet up &lt;3
EVERYONE! Any suggestions on things to do in England after exams? Since our Berlin trip is cancelled 
@aristeia Aww no, you're not an idiot, it's perfectly understandable. I want to cry right now b/c Spain bbs are losing to England bbs 
@Eldirao grool! Typical that you go to England when I'm not there 
I Miss Wales 
@CarlBarry I'd give you a hug but Wales is a bloody long walk 
I feel oddly as though I should be apologizing to people arriving in New England for the crap weather. 
I really really really really really REALLY miss England  
ha, the sun is shinin, shit! Got to do the garden  L:Oswestry, England, United Kingdom:
Is working on 'The Ashes 2009' I feckin hate cricket 
hmm.. couldn't watch spain yesterday, unfortunately  but they lost 2-0, and I think they won't come into the next round. England-Germany!
what a gloomy day, in this god forsaken north eastern England village 
@kittenspawn: sort of dull yet sunny here in England  Well, it IS England, after all...
@backstreetboys very much so  come back to England 
Didn't realise that the train stopped in Bristol so I am now in Wales  hopefully getting another train soon.
@travelwriticus heart bleeds. about 10 C on my travels cross England today 
@MissMarista my husband is from England &amp; u don't get a full license unless you can drive stick shift. I'd have the special automatic one 
New England - never ending rain... 
@patmaine It's 1 in the morning here in England and nothinggggggg 
i am hoping someone in the NW of England has a job going on days....(Nights are killing me 
England sucks. It's summer here in June once a week, then its back to its usually crappyness with weather 
another overcast day in england. where is the summer. There is talk that England will be a constant 40 degrees by 2080. too late for me 
Hm.. Oh man, it just hit me!! - I'm not going to England the next 2 years or so..  dang! I love England xx
Mmm skittles!! But there's a downside with them.. They make me think of England to much!!  
@onditimoner Nope...England unfortunately 
England is such a rainy, rainy place  best wrap up! Gonna curl up and watch Bolt! X
@H2OCena cool I love mountain dew unfortunatly you can't get it in England  have you got the new Iphone??
@mileycyrus Mileyyy pleasee come to Newcastle, England! I can't believe youre going everywhere but here in your tour  x
@NicholasJerry92 I could have come from England to be there tonight  I wish I was I would do anything to be there tonight :'( I love you
@xennyeh haha I mean like live music curfew it sucks so much  England SUCKS!!!
@yelyahwilliams come to England!!!!!   
Come on the l.a dodgers... can some one keep me informed as i live in England and we don't get baseball here 
Really thinks that American guys are hot so why am I in England 
New Zealand being absolutely destroyed in final of Women's T20 World Cup  England are just too good for them #cricket
Back from England  it was too short!
Is talking to friends from England, havent talked to them in a while 
back in England missin my Vegas friends 
Saldy in crapy England  really don't like this country!! sooo sleepy wanna sleep
@jamiemcflyx No, cos none in Scotand and mum wouldnt let me go to England (N)  You? xx
Back in England boo  I miss the sun and the heat!! But I did get a nice tan 
@KevinDoyle man!  I want to move to England so bad!!  U would but I'd miss grass too much 
@dividepictures I would love to meet milo but I live in England!  gutted
@thinksafe that beats South England - 59F 
@burnspank41 Where's hot??? I need to find the sun cause as usual its not in England 
@donniewahlberg *twug* cause im stuck at work and its 7pm in England 
I don't wanna go home to America... too nice seeing everyone in England...3 wks left 
@iamjonathancook ohhh I wish they had strawberry peanut m&amp;m's in England  I want some! Nomnom
Missing England  why is it so far away ...
@radiocolin it made me laugh though. I once was flying to Rochester NY. My luggage went to Manchester, England 
I`m looking for a job as a english/spanish translator in England, Spain or America, but doesn`t` know where to start looking.  
I`m looking for a job as a english/spanish translator in England, Spain or America, but I don`t know where to start looking. 
@svenscholz: Getting decent fish and chips outside of England is nigh on impossible. 
@SherilynMoon unfortunate then that I have no signal to tweet photos from my phone whilst in Wales 
JEALOUS that I am inside at work instead of outside, in England, at Glasto 
back in sunny England which means back to work 
@gogreen18  I'm sorry for all the haters Laci, I support you all the way. Is there any way I can donate from England?
Last few hour in England... 
@lejeff oh pants! I'm hanging out with the old folks back  in England   Defo b up 4 1 when I get back. tho 
Watching This is England for Film Studies, can ignore the violence for the brilliance of British independent film. And 80s fashion 
#anorak: In article , ... (Christopher England) wrote: Not that I'd mention on here no  http://tinyurl.com/dy7m5t
@mikethemiz Flying to England from Scotland, aren't we post!  Where to next? Newcastle?
@caliblondie A 'limey' is a slang term for someone from England. 
@cgbrofmi That's wonderful. Tell her to keep England's flag flying 
Another cute cat on twitpic England  http://twitpic.com/3kcyn
@tommcfly hehe fly over Wales we are cloudless....  lol xx
@tommcfly reply to our random tweets, then fly over lovely England, a few more tweets and then rest for tomorrows opening night  good ;)
@amp451 Big good morning from England 
@BallbagBrand it sounds good!!!  i like that we think alik! but hows England??? ive got family somwhere round near London or somthin!! tbs
@MerelMystery England (Just outside Manchester to be precise) 
What a beautiful day in England..... working  xxx
@Yuricon OK I think I get it. Or as they say here in New England, &quot;light has dawned over Marblehead&quot; 
27 days until I will see the girls in England   I have this countdown thing..
@BIGWILLSMITH - thanks for the reply,  anyway im long way off in good old England, so,..... Hi...and thanks again, 
@AmmO_Singh Never been to England. I'd love to get an opportunity to check it out one day. Preferably;y not near the Olympics 
I love the weather, England has sunshine!! 
new series of Ashes to Ashes, yay. 
@ddlovato .ahh, Im scared about swine flu too. its like &quot;level 5&quot; or something. don't know what it means though. haha. England loves youu 
@MarkConrau so far so good...cloudy but that's just the way it is in New England! 
@gem82  hello_jodie and I were chatting about England, and she told me to add you, cuz you're there and you love twilight too!!  
@5AwesomeYAFans Hmm. Large chunk to ASPCA or something, chunk for college, trip to England. 
is home from Wales 
@AnnaBellaMalone naw, not personally, he lives in England.  I will &quot;whore&quot; ya out to get you some followers 
@DieselVin I love the way you are just going to bed when in England we are just getting up 
@FrankieTheSats - its not raining bk in England  its sunny here in blackpool =] have a gd time in niece (h) x
@emmyvictoria not THAT old!  have you had a good stay in England? What time you going back?
@SarahJonasHQ July 24th. Although, I live in England so the educational school terms will be different 
I would truly love to go to England 
@DavidArchie Good luck! If I remember right, everything in England is a rip off, anyway! And next time, write me back! Haha 
Off to England during the summer holidays this year.... yay! 
The mission to Wales to find the worlds greatest welsh cake with @kendalloneill was a success - as none are better than my nan's 
@gfalcone601 Cheese and Onion! Vinegar taste weird on crisps! England's got loads of weird crisps flavorus  lol.. What do you like ? x
Having indian food in the middle of Wales, very very typical, huh? 
@GreeGreece it's the little thing that links us to England 
@Jonasbrothers OhMyGod!!!!!! I'm so happy you are in England  .. i'm watching you on GMTV this morning ;)
Special update for the 12 people who follow me: Things with Lloyd are kind of amazing and there's a chance we'll be in England all Summer 
@iantalbot there isn't a city centre or a park in England that isn't full of art. You just need eyes to notice it 
@eleesha  right back at ya,Eleesha.  It's mid afternoon here in England, bit overcast. 
first real taste of being back in England. heh. I'm pretty much fucked 
@tommcfly Norway. England came 5th 
Good morning fellow Simmers! 11:45am here in blustery old England! What about where you are? 
On my way back to England and may of found my new career 
@Lukass182 The whole of England seems to be raining at the moment, but it's nice and dry here! So, do you speak English and Spanish then? 
Downloading Litlle Ashes....  78.6% done 
@stephenfry But luckily for you, Norfolk is the most amazing county in England, so it must have been somewhat enjoyable... 
@girl_from_oz England, so I can go see it, or Poland, but they weren't even in it, song-wise, none of them were really that memorable 
@nettlecake Uh-oh...just looked...forgot you were in England...don't think I could get there in time for dinner. 
@loco92 Goooooood from England. Been a busy day for me though. 
Looking forward to Ashes to Ashes tonight 
@torresk Ah! I thought you might be telling me off for berating SL ;-) I was busy finishing off my relocation (Scotland-&gt;England) 
@damianwilson This is nothing, me and Jon can bitch for England. 
@truearkael try living in New England 
Windies all out for 176 in their 2nd innings. England win by an innings and 83 runs. Huzzah! 
is back from England and now has to study for the last 3 exams 
England trip! Arrival @ manchester AirPort .. Mel B was with us   http://post.ly/cgG
Ribe next week, gonna be awsome.  England 10/11, can't wait - mcfly here i come. 
@jonk I plan on making my dreams into a reality! England calls for me in a couple years, perhaps 
the Queen of England Has a golden Wii! hahahah. that sounds funny 
90 degrees in New England today 
@nickolaswheeler It's hilarious that u're getting your 'curry on' in England!  Just fav'd that update of urs!
@Sandria_dore morning from England, great choice have a good day!! 
@amandamays I LOVE the organic Boots line at Target...I fell in love with Boots in England 
Good morning twitter peepettes. It's a beautiful morning so looks like it will be a good day, and weekend  I love England sometimes!
