Most common words for this cluster:
[('episode', 197), ('er', 189), ('season', 125), ('bgt', 111), ('show', 109), ('quot', 103), ('tonight', 101), ('wossy', 93), ('conan', 88), ('i', 85), ('snl', 83), ('night', 77)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Spoiled_Bastard', 0.7800191640853882), (u'JJ_Abrams_Fringe', 0.7707400918006897), (u'Romantically_Challenged', 0.7705293893814087), (u"'7_th_Heaven", 0.7528102993965149), (u'UPN_Veronica_Mars', 0.7514426708221436), (u'Ugly_Betty_Grey_Anatomy', 0.74588942527771), (u'CW_Melrose_Place', 0.7416381239891052), (u'CW_Supernatural', 0.7400758266448975), (u'Syfy_Warehouse', 0.7397953271865845), (u'Sci_Fi_Battlestar_Galactica', 0.7388006448745728)]





rt @KimKardashian Khloe just got fired from the Apprentice 
Missed #24 and #the hills  now I have to catch up tomor.. But I have Real Housewives ugh I need to figure out my priorities
I really don't want to go back to Chicago. I liked not hearing about bad politicians or Oprah, I hate Oprah.  Only 4 days left in the UK 
Blimmin' heck i'm slightly tired! And i still didn't see no Otalia 
@delustre I wanna watch Dollhouse!  I haven't seen any eps yet. I &lt;3 Eliza Dushku so much lol
Watched Smallville 8x18 last nite http://twurl.nl/iyar6d ep could've been so much more but yet again the decisions made fail to impress 
@moony394 i'll miss him too, bb  the episode seemed unimportant after foreteen found kutner, so i stopped watching.
is sad. watching HIMYM seas. 1 so i can be cool like everyone else. but not feeling it and keep forcing myself to watch the next episodes 
Hoping my puppy gets better!!! She had to go to the doggie ER last night 
I'm pretty sure I have strep throat  I can't eat or drink. I need some TLC
@paulingham we've only got around 9 eps left of 24! 
It is snowing here  But I figured out my term paper topic for Psych; Dreams!
@Jennnymay &quot;JennnymayI had a dream that @Wossy replied to me on twitter! doubt it will really happen  about 17 hours ago from web&quot; awwww!
@jessicaca i believe he died during ABDC 
So sad. I just learned there is no episode of Dollhouse this week. 
not watching FOX tv - no Dollhouse tonite 
i'm moving more of my stuff to my parents house tomorrow... and telling them that I'm giving Izzie up.  sad day
Prison Break does not deserve to be shown instead of #Dollhouse !  Get it together, Fox.  
No dollhouse tonight.   I'm cheering myself up with ANTM and pretzels with hummus.
2 episodes away from being caught up...  
@blue_ninj0r I know  But at least Dollhouse has gotten good.
done night shift,hit the gym on way home...wishing it was an O'Darby wkend....too bad about someone being on call in ER all wkend 
still doin ma CW  wats any1 else doin??
so, when i first saw Ingeous Pouncer, i immediately thought of Demonic Apprentice (the one i made): cant fit it here 
@Wossy i want the sims 3 
@Wossy i am soooo jelous  i wanna play sims 3 
recovering from a long night on set of CSI new york. It was their season finale 
@Oprah I asked on O's website how I could get show tickets to surprise my wife. This was long ago, and I heard back from nobody. 
Psych exam tonight 
@saralovesblink was American Idol goood last night? i missed it 
@exsanguinator re:BGT NNOOO! Cringe TV (&amp; embarrassment for us Brummies) bless 
@Wossy wonders why wossy doesn't ever reply to me 
No Dollhouse on Hulu today? I'm crushed. 
Watching Slumdog Millionaire - omg - it breaks my heart to see these kids in those conditions -I'm sad, horrified, &amp; can't bear to watch 
I am very disapointed I can't sign up 4 Idol Sweepstakes because I'm Canadian It is my fav show - I sent $$ for Idol gives back 
my baby girl is sick. she had to go to the ER today with a bad ear infection. my poor sweet girl. 
Why is SNL not new?  And this ring I bought today is turning my finger green. And now I have 2 prom dresses and can't return either.  
Just finished the last episode of BSG. 
my neck is still hurting! oh and the thing i have is torticollis. its a neck spasm otherwise known as rye neck.. i went to the ER today 
SNL....the best of amy poehler....LOL.....awwww  it comes to an end....
Watching SNL, getting ready to try to go to sleep - bored 
Who even has a Nielsen box? Right-Wing, fox news watching, &quot;perfect&quot; god fearing families from what I can see... not a decent TV audience 
Lotto quest failed again tonight  damn it!  *I am Charmed*
@ninjaeema - sorry, what did I do that was nuts?     Dollhouse wasn't on this week so I had to blow up the TV, that part?
I LOVE Charmed and is wondering when I will ever meet any of them 
Needs to buy more CSI cause he basically seen all of these like 50 times or more. 
Consdering going to the ER....ive been sick all night, and am getting dehydrated 
@kyelani I'm trying to find info on Eye infections in dogs..Izzie woke up with one nasty eye on her, the poor thing 
@theQueensWay delete damn twitter!  I don't want to but drama drama drama!
... We tried chopping some nearby vegetation down but it hasn't helped. Loss of Ch5 means I'll hav to do without CSI for a while 
@amazingphoebe if that's what you want to believe, then be my guest 
Nearly back home now  wants too see TBS again tonight
I think i missed up another stylista episode 
@HoneyBeeMine We missed SYTYCD. At a dance event all afternoon and evening 
Home right now, I really want to watch Slumdog Millionare. 
@ahhkatesheridan hahahaha yesss. can we have an OC watching marathon? i only have season one.  and omfg i hated oliver SO MUCH.
@Save_TSCC so it is no longer a toss up?  They actually plan to cut it?  I've been sending letters but i don't think they are listening 
@DawnStensland hahha no prob, I would have watched FOX29 but their not on this hour, will be watching tonight at 6pm--to bad your not on! 
really tired of bein sick   tried to watch KINGS on NBC, not feelin it...snoozy, I see why they are on choppin block
still watching PBS and tweetn as if i dont have anything else better to b e doing. it's raining in chicago 
@Wossy dude I've had to 'un'follow yr page cos I'm fed up if your forced upbeat chirpy cockney geezer persona. sorry m8 
ok guys I am NOT feeling.my ear infection has got worse and I dont want togo to the ER to wait 5 hours with 2 kids?   but I cant swollow
I hate how once they break up they don't get back together until like the last episode 
Darn Dish Network and ABC feud! Still can't get ABC! Won't get to watch MJ sing Nat'l Anthem 
@jryanking definitely! i love that show, even if the ratings aren't so hot. 
is going to stop tweeting from his phone. Spelling/grammar issues all over the place. 
@ImJulio when we gonna hang and do an ableton sesh? I ain't got no OC live buddies. 
I need to face the problem instead of running from it. Dateline! Hiks 
RIP Edy, the hottest MILF on Desperate Housewives 
looks like there will be no HIMYM marathon tonight  
@Oprah glad you're twittering! i live in europe and need my oprah fix now and then, really miss watching your show! 
I'm going to miss Edie on Desperate Housewives 
@todd_harris lol! #twitter seems to work way faster on my mobile WAP &amp; I'm sure the hype on @Oprah last wk. is feeding the fail whale too 
What!!?? *biiiip* dies in Desperate Housewives!??? I never thought one of them would die!  I liked her!
@Oprah good thinking, they'll be in my thoughts.  Tenth anniversary of Columbine 
No more pretending. Fox creates a Web site with the clear agenda of attacking &quot;liberals&quot;  http://www.thefoxnation.com/
Sick  Watching TiVo'ed episodes of SNL, when Sarah Palin was a hit. x
is finishing on her kyle xy marathon.. one more episode to go! 
She Turned VH1 off 
I cant see HIMYM  hate winzip... (
I miss Charmed. 
Wishing I was at th Supernatural Convntion 
@kerrytwu re: TSCC at SciFi - sounds like they'd be buying into the series title and not much else. 
 sad day found out there wasnt a new Dollhouse on
@Wossy I am glad someone wins in your offers, still waiting for my prize from your holiday photo quiz...?? 
hate that my bloodpaste and my FX wax has to be bought from the web. takes several days for it to arrive 
@Oprah I watched it in my sociology class, its so so sad, I cried constantly 
Watching Slumdog Millionaire, and I finally got a facebook :O wow! and I'm sad cuz i gave one of my hamsters back to the store 
Laying down but can't sleep  watchin the AVN's on Showtime
Sometimes I miss being in musicals  Grease is on VH1, made me reminiscent of when I was Rizzo 
in my room watching VH1 and thinking about how fucked up my boyfriend is me 
watching the most depressing episode of deadliest catch 
Watching Fred Claus on HBO...not a good movie but at this hour there's not much on 
@marklaguna I'm a Kapuso, so I kinda know what it is, though i'm not sure. But I think I'm right.  you didn't played my request kanina 
Just donloaded The Tudors 3- 4, can't find subs  tracked on www.trackmyeps.nl
@kawaii671 yeah, get some sleep! lol. Dancing sounds fun. ME? I'm on call this whole weekend so I can't commit to anything 
@Wossy what did you think of wolverine btw? I always miss your film show somehow 
Workin for 12 and a half hours today  ABC after it but. Always good.
can't wait 'till thursday.. i want to see Izzie's surgery  .. she can't die!!.. because i would stop seeing it (grey's anatomy)
@jupitusphillip Is it no longer on FX ? 
@jupitusphillip @vertigowooyay I watch Colbert on FX and tried to get people to, sad to hear its going 
hated the last ep of peita! 
lookin Supernatural... my head hurts  dang!!!!!
jus got out of the ER, had a car accident 
@Syesha dude im leaving vegas tomorow! 
is watching Scrubs and thinking why is she recently so unlucky  .. 
Apparently McFly are going to be on Hollyoaks next week  I fear this will be even more tragic than their Casualty performance.
just finished watching a Galactica on the mythtv box when it died a sudden and unexpected death 
After a fitfull night of tossing and turning, off to the ER I go.  
I don't want this to be the last episode. 
@Flashpoint_TV  Just read a rumour online that CBS might not pick up the third season of the show.  How true?  
Starting watching Fringe recently, it needs more creepy stuff  and I missed the first few episodes!
@peekaboo_nannon which episode was it? I was busy cooking 
jieha, gonna watch OTH, the first episode of season 6. finally! its not fair that belgium is so far behind 
@artcrawl Oh man, Dollhouse really was excellent. And next week looks AMAHZING. I wish Fox would air the 13th episode. 
Not excited about the next 24 hours....late night vegas trip and OC marathon at 6:30am   
CSI, oh why oh why must people die. Not the same without Grissom 
@dizzyfeet I just saw an old clip of you on Idol and it made me miss having you there. 
poor girls friend  #BGT terrible thing to ask
just watched Supernatural ep 19. So sad  Right, shower then out.
@MrA_ saturday good, sunday work  but tonight shall drink &amp; twitter (after BGT, - don't watch BGT)
My FTL. Found out today that they've pulled the plug on MADtv &amp; WB/CW/whatever won't be producing anymore comedy shows this fall. 
At the ER. lonely 
@hoyroy Looks like it was taken down by HBO 
@CelestialQ R u sure...I just went to ABC Family and it is showing the 6 week body makeover  sad face!
@soaps3 I sorry, I will stop 
I'm all caught up on Dollhouse  I want moar now. LMFAO, Wash. I love that Joss recycles his people in different series.
Just read Mariska Hargitay is out for the rest of L&amp;O:SVU season 10  I hope she gets better soon
@Wossy morning, we have sunshine, but cold wind  can i ask again if you have any advice on how we further this ? http://tinyurl.com/c8sbj8
I don't know if it is Oprah's fault or Ashton's or what- but @CDX gets verylittle tweetlove these days. 
Ah I can't believe that Scrubs is almost over. It would be nice to see another season but it wouldn't be right without JD 
boo. just got this alert on #LACasting: &quot;This project was listed incorrectly as #SAG &amp; will be shot non-union.&quot;  lame!
I can't believe I'm watching Bones 
@Wossy I was on it but got cut  http://tinyurl.com/cdgf6p
Just re-watched the episode of CSI where Grissom leaves.. Why oh why couldn't he stay?! It just won't be the same without him. 
@alohaKAITLIN thyre not showing reruns.. I checked the whole io schedule 
new addition: FX keyboard... I dont know if sunday morning needed techno FX 
Shipwrecked best episode so far final next sunday  http://tumblr.com/xne1pah7i
@buckhollywood its series premire and not here in canada 
@meegalicious what episode are you watching? I just finished watching the one where rachel found out... and it made me really sad 
@promotingyou I wish I could but I don't have Lifetime! 
Ahw, Wipeout-Zacharias' dialect made me want to go home to my island 
In the ER. Beanie's temp is still going up 
@moccabutterfly He died of cancer...a brain tumour I believe. Only 36 years old...so sad! I remember seeing him on Idol last year 
spent the day at the ER with my son...gonna try to get some sleep 
@revolver_ Started watching the first episode and that was it. 
@DavidArchie i think i am the only one not watching the episode  i hate my dorm.
Watching Desperate Housewives and feeling like im seasick 
Is this rogue UNIT member is the harbinger of death for the series? Word is it's not coming back, pending ABC final judgement 
@CrisLyric I'm gonna miss out on the X-Men experience too...well, until it comes out on HBO. 
watchin old punk'd episodes, too bad mtv.com only have a few episode on their site 
Ahhh not enough hours in the day to catch up on LOST ! Just finished Episode 1, Season 4 but must go to sleep now  (@ChristyL5)
@JenWilsonSydney yes! havent seem much of you this last month  WB!
I was complaining that 5/21 (SYTYCD!) is too far away, but then I realize I'm way behind on ANTM blogging  
Just accidentally ruined Dollhouse for @jvthor. I think I might be going to hell 
Still listening to Loveline, sure does have long commercial breaks 
getting sad that Supernatural has nearly ended 
getting reacquainted with Firefly. An amazing television series by the master Joss Whedon! Such a shame it was cancelled 
Last night's Desperate Housewives was so good.  I cried at what Gaby said to her daughter at the end. 
@vgunvalson - i wish i was back in the OC... haven't been since i was two... 
I'm going home - But I've only written half of what I need. I guess it's another all-nighter = no Spooks  #fail
@Wossy i didn't no you were playing tennis! you didn't even say good morning to me  well never mind i love you (this is honey)
@Wossy got any jobs going?? heh... i need to get over to the uk.. i wanna see oasis, kasabian, the enemy etc  
just finished 'saison' 1 of Supernatural.  damn good series imho.  darn, not tired enuf to sleep yet &amp; I have to work 2morrow too 
On my way to work  to early!; but cant wait for Dancing with the Stars tonight! yea
i have to miss out on Supernatural tonight 
@gjr02 I just finished watching Californication season 1 today. Season 2 isn't out yet 
needs sum good TLC 
@obsidianpanther I'm one episode behind. 
@wordsleadmeon I'm getting nervous because so many NBC shows are being renewed and I know they don't have a lot of room on the schedule. 
TEXTILESSS CW :/  Ahhhhhh this is gonna be an all night job!
Watching Doctor Who marathon, SciFi channel-brilliant! Will b sad to see Tennant leave   #1 Doctor, Eccleston right behind
This episode of Charmed makes me cry 
arrrg. tiff had a super bad night. we're at the ER getting her checked on. 
Just learned that I skipped OTC for a meeting that then got cancelled. *sigh* Bummed too as to why - pseudo-boss went to ER w/migraine. 
Doctor Who Marathon on SciFi and I can't be home for it. 
watching OTH.. getting tired of it 
loved Dollhouse episode 11, can't wait for 12! And too bad 13 isn't going to be aired 
so i guess my dog wants to be a dalmatian... when we came home from the ER she was covered in oil. poor puppy 
Late night trip to the ER... 
Dollhouse is finished 
@Fiercemichi my ankle is hurting  I like iCarly.
Late night trip to the ER...  (via @pwlars)what's going on is everything okay?
Watching the Scrubs finale. 
 SNL doesn't come on here for another 70 minutes!!
@jennettemccurdy awww.. iCarly episodes show late here in the philippines which sucks.. 
i forgot about SNL !!!! i wanted to see it cuz of justin timberlake 
@iheartAlly SNL? 
It's not fair being on the west coast and being the last to watch SNL.  
Watching Law &amp; Order while wishing I had the DEXTER Season 3 box set. I don't want to buy it on iTunes  I miss DEXTER! Law &amp; Order suxx.
@simonjodet Too bad for Dollhouse... 
Finally going to bed... If you weren't at CenterPoint for CW tonight, you really missed out!  Rehearsal starts in 6 hours 
@brendonuriesays I live in the OC. I would drive out there but it'll probably be gone by the time I reach there 
watching SNL and missing my little girl 
@feliciaday Wish i could hang with the cool kids from Dollhouse  I hope they dont cancel the show. Its a great series that needs to go on
@devyra haha you are definitely not a slacker. it makes me so sad when amazing writers just randomly stop writing 
I freakin' missed SNL! sorry JT   One last essay to finish. . . .freakin' senior project!
I missed JT on SNL and I hate myself for it 
watched the [Scrubs] finale... 
i just cried  scrubs finale = :'(
I'm sad we don't have SNL over here 
@alyssacalderon I would watch BSG with you if I could. 
Supernatural tomorrow night!! Not looking forward to see Dean hook up with a ranga 
@gingernaps it's so goood! I'm currently on Episode 10 at the moment! This show has gotta stay around 
at the ER with @unperfectwolf for her stomach pains. they just took her back, no idea what's wrong yet. 
@Elemyu I know 1st Scrubs, next week Greys and The Office 
still waiting for the english subs for Atanshichi no Danshi ep 4 
@dasme I also really enjoyed the #Dollhouse finale, but I won't be satisfied if it ends like that.   #SaveDollhouse
just watched the episode of scrubs where j.d leaves.. was sad 
I also really enjoyed the #Dollhouse finale, but I won't be satisfied if it ends like that.   #SaveDollhouse (via @grimmy_efg)
@Wossy seriously :O baby eels? 
Finally got to see the series finale of Scrubs...Loved it!!! Really gonna miss that show.  
@shoelover79 So that's why I'm sad I onlyy have 2 episodes left!!!! 
is listening to Scrubs 'My Musical'. Gosh, i miss it already. 
Oprah has given Jenny McCarthy her own show.... OPRAH!!!   http://bit.ly/BOdq0
damn! I forgot about SNL last night 
is watching shipwrecked, cant believe its the final episode 
@wendilynnmakeup no longer available - due to copyright claim by NBC 
Just watched Dollhouse season (series?) finale. If it doesn't get renewed I'll be uber-sad  But it could have ended in a worse place.
And I heard everyone raving about JT on SNL. Missed it  think it'll end up on Hulu so I can watch? LOL
just woke up. i fell asleep in the middle of SNL  maybe they'll re-run it.
The end of a great weekend  Managed to catch 6 eps of Dollhouse though!
Finally found out what Dawn's 'thing' with the Thricewise was all about in Buffy Season 8... feel a bit let down  - massive build up... 
playing some guitar... gonna have to miss my Brucie for a whole week. sniff 
@buffyTVSrox But...but...if Dollhouse is on Tuesday it will probably clash with SVU...too hard...but I'd still watch Dollhouse 
just watched the last episode of Dollhouse season 1... and is very sad that it could be the series finale 
@Oprah  seriously, is there ANYTHING you cant do?? &lt;3 you are amazing! I wish you would have spoken at UMichigan graduation 
is just downloading the SNL from last night with J Timberlake and will also cop the 1 with Seth Rogen...Can't get SNL in UK...Thanks NBC 
@_pixie_ I hate to admit... but its Desperate Housewives. 
So sad  i want to watch American Idol finals 
@enjoyvivo Seriously dude! That show used to literally make me laugh &amp; cry. Episodes suck now. 
I'm all teary eyed watching an elzheimers HBO documentary, I just think about my Abuela...an her lost memories 
so annoyed by the Celebrity Apprentice finale 
2nd on ER list, they could only ER 1 
So I went to the ER this morning abdominal pain and was told that my gallbladder will have to be removed. 
It's over.  It was great.   #Dollhouse
I love 24. Such an awesome show. Fringe tomorrow finale 
@LeoLaporte  I still remember my desire in college to try to work for TechTV when I graduated. I was saddened I never got the opportunity 
Loveline is too busy...  I can't get through with my craysee threesome question....
@rustincolor wtf when did it get cancelled? I only watched a few episodes but it was good 
@zombbieee u should see the whole series....one episode lost the boats and their crews...there r quite a few eps where men die 
@Wossy  i have a film screening of my uni work, dreading it. 2 days and uni will all by over 
Heading to the ER  #fb
When will LOST appear on Hulu or ABC.com? Anyone know? We barely saw it thru all the t-storm/tornado warnings. 
defeated by infite series 
Showered and about to watch American Idol....can't believe this season is done next week. 
Initial reaction to Bones finale: WTF!? I'm going to watch it again tomorrow when it actually airs here, but that was just depressing. 
@HummieIsMe I missed NCIS this week. 
fell asleep on zack's lap last night and missed all of Ponderland  then we slept on and off until almost 1pm today. &lt;3
@IAMRUBY Gokey 
@ymaethetrinket haven't watched OTH for soooooo long  hanggang season 1 lang ako. my gawwwsshhhhh!
Watching bones, pretty sure it's like the last episode. 
@Wossy did they make her eat some toast b4 she could come home, i hated having to do that, ouchy ouch ouch 
The Office Season finale still hasn't been uploaded 
really sad that Gokey is out of the show... huhuhu  
and do you remember that prada clutch from ebay? im watching the SATC movie and charlotte has it. i wish i had $413 
@Bendywalker I finally watched the Dollhouse Finale..twas crazy! Yet sadly It didnt get alot of veiwers, fox might not be renewing it 
misses watching Entourage 
After reading for a couple of hours I would think to be very sleepy but I'm not  so ABC world news is it...brains off though LOL
I don't really like what just happened. haaaaaay.  Gokey don't deserve it.
naww, watching bondi vet  its so sad. i swear i cry like every episode lol
says thought i've accepted it but it's harder now watching Gokey on TV..  http://plurk.com/p/tqimt
@powerwriter I know right!? I need my Otalia! I hope the show is picked up -- maybe not -- all good things come to an end in Soapland! 
Too bad. Gokey's gone 
can't believe that Gokey is gone! 
i just remembered tonite's the seaoson finale of Supernatural 
Gokey's gone....nobody to root for anymore! 
I'm sorry! I thought Idol was LIVE! Why do they always say that if its not?  I hate spoilers &amp; I think I spoiled Idol for some last night.
My eyes just got tearful when I watched tonight's episode of American Idol again. 
not happy about the ANTM results 
@DSTDiva498 all reruns. I really want to be clear about when there are new episodes 
I don't know what songs to buy from Idol this week...  I wanna spend like 7 bucks....  
so excited for 2 more seasons of #Bones! But since @EricMillegan is doing a pilot - not promising for his regular return 
Going to watch the series finale of MadTV 
waiting for final SNL of the season 
noo! this is the sad episode of SATC 
@jennettemccurdy I'm gonna watch TJVP and iCarly on the net as soon as the vids are uploaded, nick doesn't air them here 
Watching the series finale of MadTV, really sad to see the show go  .
in the ER with grammies 
season finale of SNL = 
Finally downloading the finales of Smallville &amp; Supernatural. Too bad I don't have time to watch them anytime soon. 
Finale sezony Supernaturalu teda nic moc. Smallville to same. Ach 
Wish SNL was on Aus tv... 
Caught up on my finales. Supernatural is amazing needs more Cas , Bones broke my heart 
@sparsonads BFF drama??? wtf??? i thought u didnt like me anymore  im in 757
SNL season finale  so depressing how everything is ending
@katzpotter Ive already taken an ambulence to ER where I spiked to 107 and they put me in an icebath. 
Apparently Scrubs has also been renewed for a 9th season.  Leave it alone people! It's no longer funny! http://tinyurl.com/qt6x65
I missed most of SNL 
I miss animal planet, crime channel, uktv, discovery, and nat geo . The only smart tv I have is ABC 
@Wossy Your hilarious Eurovision tweets featured in a Swedish n/paper: http://bit.ly/AESrf. They didn't get the humour tho 
I was bored by SNL  #snl
Just watched @dannygokey 's last song on American Idol. Wow! Real shame not to be in the final 
Adrian Pasdar still has the pasbeard.  I dont think ZQ will want 2 grow 1 too for season 4.
On way to ER  baby is sick.
@Wossy #wossybookclub But what about those of us who take longer than a week to read a book? 
laundry and west wing.  only 10 more episodes ever... 
got stuck with a dirty needle and is in the ER 
working in the ER until 4....maybe i shouldn't have stayed out so late this am 
@Wossy I missed all of eurovision 
skipped CSI rewind because of socio 
not in the car going to idaho right now  instead i'm watching will ferrell on SNL
@helena5031: i'm so sorry Emmy 
@Wossy I thought my joke was funny...  
@bhoneybaby nah i havnt recorded the song yet.  but MASH and WALKINONIT freestyles are bein mastered by my boi @ihavehart right now
so my poor little nephew had to go to the ER last night. he has pink eye and an ear infection and was sure he was broke. 
@Wossy  pic link not working?! 
i cant believe i don't get to watch Supernatural for another 2 month or something like that and never get to watch prison break again,  ..
watched ep 5 o smile, ep 6 is going to be so sad 
Last eps of S1 
rt @xinit lol Celebrity death from swine flu confirmed - omg, check it out  #swine_flu http://twitpic.com/5d13u
Waiting for lost to start! Double episode, last in the series 
@CSI_News certainly wasn't the finale 
already tons of drama and its only noon 
The Scrubs finale made me cry!! 
So sad that the Law and Order: SVU marathon is over.   It was sooo good!
@shamileemac lydia from  ABDC's boxcuttahz. :3 sheesss soo cute. day's okay. so tired but im suffering insomia. 
@heroeswench Dailybooth is pretty fun, I have no idea why.  yes, Sarah! #TSCC - I hope we haven't seen the last  #TSCC
@Wossy mornin . i`ve got exams 2 
@Wossy Woo for exams...not. I know there pain Wossy. T-minus 1 hours 28 mins till my one 
Watching Fringe. I miss LOST 
Also, TSCC's inevitable cancellation still makes me sad.   *goes to find appropriate icon*
is watching Desperate Housewives. (season finale)  http://plurk.com/p/uhn6j
AYUN, still Emabarrassed with That Wowowee incident. 
@BlackNerdsUnite I wish I could watch all I have is Starz 
we have to switch our boxes out. that means I lose storytellers kanye west &amp; the last 5 episodes of fosters! 
Desperate Housewives was intense! I really almost cried a bunch of times : p Season Finale!  I still feel like crying.. : p
@NoemiR21 nothing like the old ones the best,I even had the books... the next gen.Degrassi was fun for a few years but now it's different 
Still awake... Feeling awful, watching Scrubs 
@syellefan88  Part of me still misses the WB forum 
@foreverivy Its on TV Land on the weekends at 4-5 a.m. Hallmark used to air it every weekday at 10 a.m. but it got canceled 
has been on a marathon watching the first 3 seasons of WEEDS on dvd. I work tomorrow, on my birthday 
Seems to be I just have to wait til Fox reveals their upfronts later tonight and I'll be convinced afterwards 
@LadyParadis really  Fringe is good if you get chance to watch again do , i cnt beleive got to wait a yr .All my shows are finishing now 
@Wossy omg snap as your kids, i have exams too, oh joy  good luck to them!
my throat hurts and there are too many commercials during Masterchef 
Supernatural, Desperate Housewives, Grey's Anatomy, House and CSI. Now just have to wait 'till october for new episodes! 
mum stabs daughter on CSI  makes me so so sad..
@stingoo  I hope he'll get better soon. How was &quot;Weeds&quot;?
Just set off the smoke alarm and filled the place with black smoke buying rice. Too busy watching Masterchef. Ironic much? 
@Wossy this is how much people want to be you! i'd be honoured, I honestly wish I had hairs like yours  curse your shiney locks!
you know you've had a bad night when before you fall asleep Fox and Friends comes on  
had a long night in the ER with my daughter...this morning we are so tired &amp; she won't get out of bed 
not feeling so well about to go to the ER 
just reviewed the lace reader by brunonia barry.SUCH a good book. http://runforamsterdam.livejournal.com ...more MCAS today. OTH finale! 
Boo!!! Fox canceled the Terminator TV show. 
oh thank you all for #savechuck - yay!!!  Too bad TSCC was terminated 
is sick with the flu and is in need of a little TLC!!! anyone 
Its cloudy in richmond too jock   &quot;Soul Survivor&quot;
I thought the Scrubs final was on tonight but apparently it's next week 
@GaspodeX apparently dollhouse has made it for another13 episodes although TSCC has been cancelled 
Watching lots of doggies head in to the ER. 
awwwwww  #supernatural is a repeat episode! I've seen this :\
not infidelity, they are on TLC for god's sake, not E!. leave them alone 
@gavindmiller It's a quote from Seinfeld. 
Out for a run.  Saiger is in the ER 
I Hate FOX for ending T:SCC and still PISSED at ABC for Pushing Daisies, why do they always cancel good shows and let bad ones stay 
What's with all the Terminator fans non-love of Dollhouse now  - at least we just went straight for Fox  when Firefly was binned!
naw Dean on Supernatural is that cute he makes me sad when he like cries  hes a cutie lol
i love Domokun,y lar NTV7 no show Bones today? 
Supernatural was sick (despite what reed says) now im off to bed, ill be up again at 6 
@thejackalfiles About TSCC, it grew on me. I had to watch the 1st season twice before I got it. Loved it by the end . . . . Of course. 
@GMMR SNL won't be the same without hearing Don Pardo. 
Bad UK #TSCC news reported but not sure how &quot;official&quot;   http://tinyurl.com/pofv63
Survivor: Africa winner Ethan Zohn diagnosed with cancer  http://bit.ly/kUP2T
J: Frak. The Unusuals got canceled  I really loved that quirky little show, which breathed a lot of life into a tired genre.
at the ER. dont feel well 
@Wossy hey what exams do your kids have? ive got mine in a few weeks 
Terminator has been officially canceled   Fox I think you made a big mistake
@ZombieBoySam I'm sorry for you it got cancelled  I was very &quot;meh&quot; about first 5 eps of Dollhouse, but it's suddenly got really exciting!
just finished episode 20&amp;21. I don't want it to endddd 
Yet, NBC couldn't renew Lipstick Jungle.  http://bit.ly/shq8X
Getting ready to go back to OC for the day   But 24 finale is 2night! yay!!
@jos897 my sympathies on TSCC  I got Chuck, Castle, Better Off Ted, Scrubs &amp; Dollhouse (I'm 7 eps behind - no spoilers!)
ABC wants &quot;radio silence&quot; now Season 5 is finished.. 
We are a lil under 11 hrs away from OTH's season finale? How many already bought their box of tissue? I am sooo broken hearted 
Just teared up while watching Desperate Housewives.  omg I'm so lame.
@chrisamiller I missed that part of SNL.  I guess I just have a hard time watching a show that isn't as funny as it use to be 
I just receive a message from TerminatorWiki's admin stating that #TSCC is dead...  They are citing this article:http://twurl.nl/4tyl6q
It's been ages since I watched TBBT, HIMYM and Heroes. My cousin has filled my 500GB external HDD with movies. 
Just woke up after a bad nights sleep  to my 14yr old reciting word 4 word what happened in The Inbetweeners last night ho hum wf lol...
omg Nightline is makin me cry  these poor kids being accused of being witches in Africa, tortured, killed or diss owned from their fam.
@halezya Rewatch some of the DWTS performances, that might help 
Really enjoyed ER last night, can't believe it finishes next week   Loved Bones too, wasn't expecting Booth to really be ill eek!
watching Desperate Housewives on TV. Season 2 &gt; Season 5. I miss the old characters 
had three hours hockey then went out in town for a meal with the 20's and SNL! haa never got in till about 2  and just things in general.x
haven't seen @_supernatural_ last episode yet 
I'm sad  just left my computer in ER...I wish they will take a good care of him..I'll miss u baby
@dbdeviant only in their OWN network 
Feeling real sick  But watching season one of The Tudors is an nice touch!
sad day in caleyland... CW officially cancelled Privileged 
@_stevefail_  monday , someone needs to buy it now hopefully Fox network or someone.
Watching #Fringe Season 1 Finale and I am waiting for #legendoftheseeker to finish tomorrow... Then all my shows are finished.... 
@littleh83 but i enjoy the drama  your harsh
@cessii i dont think ive seen that episode 
is in love with the new show GLEE!  sad that i have to wait til this fall for the next episode 
Only ruruns on now. No more Smallville or Supernatural 
missed the last 10 minutes of Ugly Betty last night  And still boycotting The CW!!
  I missed the first hour of SYTYCD last night, and I can't find it online!
flooding basement, burglar alarm, sick daughter (now ok) visits ER at 3 am.  why do these things happen only when i'm out of town?  
Just watched the episode of scrubs where laverne dies. Always makes me cry 
i need a new series to watch 
watching grays anatomy i think it going to be a sad episode 
Missing my GG and Idol fix  GG season 3 asap please!!! It's time to stop procrastinating on Pushing Daisies.
 the episode of scrubus where lavern dies always makes me cry
Watching The Mentalist has really made me miss my psychology classes  I'm glad I learnt what I did thought.
@moshimoshi23_ lets go out! i have no work tomorrow! i have no car  and thanks for ruining OTH! i wna watch angels and demons
@rickandbubba  I can't watch - it says the max  # of viewers has been reached!! 
Watching The Mentalist has really made me miss my psychology classes  I'm glad I learnt what I did though.
I'm so excited Kris won American Idol..but i'm so mad i'm missing SYTYCD 
Sopranos is over for me  buuuut I absolutely loved the final episode!!!
I hate that I took a four hour nap. I was even late for Jeopardy 
@aplusk props on the new show. However, I'm saddened cuz the CW canceled Reaper! It was smart and funny but never really caught on 
@josheey No! I missed the last two episodes 
lmao i put my nose rinq in too tiqht and i cant take it off ! uqh sometimes im a fuckin retard ! i need help  .. quess im qoin to da ER.
At the animal ER with Bella they took her back to remove something from her throat 
is asking 4 prayers 4 my grandma. shes in the ER 4 the 3rd time in 2 wks. just a few more months til she visits &amp; im really worried  &lt;/3
@AlohaArleen love the smell of yellow plumerias. Wish they would grow back home. ABC store plumeria sticks don't yield flowers! 
@hijinksensue Hulu desktop started up for me, started playing the Glee pilot, and crashed.  
@calynsutherland AHH that episode was awkward and sad too 
awwww this episode's ending always makes me cry 
i so wanted ER at wrk today sprint employees know what i am talking about 
Another crappy day  more to come... But I'm about to watch the oprah effect on tv. That looks good. It's so true too. Oprah is &quot;special&quot;
@karasukun its really sad that the series are no more 
@awalker2334 Haha, dude, if you sounded like Urkel then i sounded like sexxman! Except i kinda did sound like him. 
@TheLastDoctor 9 days  I'm about ready to visit Torchwood and see if they've heard anything
@moggy99 No internet last night; ER was brill, there was a massive explosion at the end of a nearby gas works ER on standby 
-- cried my eyes out at the finale of ER last night... 
@hello_jodie Um, I was thrown from @JareWolf's van yesterday and had to be taken to the ER 
Summer Glau to appear in Dollhouse next year http://tinyurl.com/mnrezc... I still can't believe they won't renew TSCC 
Summer Glau to appear in Dollhouse next year http://tinyurl.com/mnrezc ... I still can't believe they won't renew TSCC 
still has half a math worksheet, science WB pages + worksheet, and english to go! feels a sniffle and dry eyes coming along too. 
Addicted to Glee... watching the video over and over again....I should be out 
I was hoping ABC will pick up &quot;king of the hill&quot; but they said no 
oooh battlestar galactica is on the other channel. it's the rebellion episode! man, i feel so sad about what became of gaeta.  i liked him
Mortified. could lose my job 
Finally finished exams &amp; home not watch Otalia &amp; the PBP on BPD - no Otalia today  hmm! via http://twib.es/COP
How could they kill him? Hollyoaks made me sad. 
I need to get back into daily tweeting. This hiatus sucks  What also sucks is GSN interrupting shows while they're airing. &gt;_&lt;
Is asking that everyone please join me in praying for my mom she just got home from the ER and has to go see a heart doctor  
doesn't kno wat to do now ER is over  saddo
SYTYCD:  I wished they kept the 17 y.o. kid...  he would have been good eye candy on the show, and he was really good...  can't wait...  
I'm still waiting for the Oprah touch 
just got back from Danas. watching Roseanne before I start to get ready for work 
I'm slightly disturbed by Hollyoaks tonight.  I really don't think it's something that should have been shown at 6.30pm...
@KellyFahl Psych has to be better than neuro!  Or at least in a better part of town?  I miss you 
The $500 I saved on not buying a couch is going towards paying my visit to ER for UTI 
right anyone know what episode of Bones is showing on sky2 tonight at 9pm - programme synopsis is not available on my box 
@brandystrippers Oh No! Oprah jumped in front again 
I have just looked the time and it is #BGT in 20mins. I may hibernate for an hour or so. 
@TiaMowry I think you and Tamera should have your own show anyway...the CW or ABC fam is not appreciating you like they should. 
Eastenders is always so grim 
just got back from the ER... i cut myself while trying to cook a nice lunch  3 stiches on my right index finger, talk about ouchie 
#BGT  Piers shouldn't have buzzed when the little girls were singing 
@carolinejjordan are you on about BGT im not watching it tonight i cba  my mates where on it on tuesday  xx
@tommcfly tweet me, have a convo i will tell you whats happening in BGT!did you watch the final of lost? i was like noo dont end it there 
@mutualexcrement And I fell asleep 10 minutes into the Saget roast. 
@gfalcone601 that little girl on BGT! how sad! i cried  lol xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Please don't vote for her out of sympathy!  #BGT
Bless the little girl on BGT! 
Awww that poor little girl on BGT 
that little girl on BGT  omggg, how can people not feel sorry for her?
didnt cry at the end but was very sad to see the last episode of ER. man that was a good series. 
I feel slightly sick now  #BGT
had to pause tv, now i'm 10 minutes behind on BGT 
just cried all the way through the final episode of ER... and the 'previously on ER' documentary about it! 
Another long day at Hallmark. 
srsly, BGT, joke maaan. how lame. ughhhh work tomorah have to get up early 
oh my god!!! i cried so much!!! watch this guys from BGT  http://bit.ly/5t5Xz
aww, anyone see hollie steel on BGT tonight? wharra shame 
@wriggy yeah although probably not on BGT  bugger
BGT made me cry tonight 
 no new episodes for hitman reborn yet
just watched BGT on catch up, aw i felt so sorry for holly 
In children's hospital ER hoping Meredith does NOT have a broken elbow/arm 
@Wossy @juleskaos good show ... And the killers rock ... But they cut em short 
@erickimberlin ew man, i hate you  TBS &lt;3
I am SO MAD that Glee won't premiere till Fall 
Finally watched the last couple episodes of The Office on NBC ( #theofficenbc ) - I now understand why Gervais stopped after 2 seasons  
@RoboRoxy @lulzlix I'm SO jealous! I don't know when I'll be able to see Conan. 
how sad was Hollyoaks 
what am i gonna watch after BGT  bad times
cant believe ER is all over 
@knw3 I watched it all online. http://www.musicistheheartofoursoul.com/search/label/Niptuck has the last 8 episodes of S5 
Eli in the ER  they pricked his finger for blood sugar and he was trying not to cry http://twitpic.com/67z2q
oh man, just seen the BGT news.. not cool. i loved greg.  that dancing weepy kid was just fucking obnoxious imo.
Is sad there was no Otalia today 
My moms Season 3 of Weeds got burnt up in a family friends mobile home. 
watching one of my favorite episodes of @vivalavicodin and wondering why I can't give him a lap dance like that. 
Please Joss Whedon, make more Firefly 
..I've already listened to all the S4 commentary except the finale 
I miss Dollhouse! 
and omg BGT totally distracted me from writing! blame th lack of ch2 on @kaosis for getting me all snuggley n watching bad tv 
I'm in need of some TLC 
@CSI_PrintChick u go girl lol was gona go last nite after wrk BUT my girls had already lft  its all good tho dannys awesome
eye ball headache thing is coming back    WTF!  i don't have money for an ER visit and i'm running out of migraine meds.
ER with amanda 
WHAT? Conan o'brian's taking over the tonight show??  but, i love jay leno.
doin 90 in a 65 windows rolled down screamin nahhhhhhww, I'm so paid! I miss Conan  he better not change too much!!
Still in a lot of pain swallowing. Visited the ER today for 5 hours to find a remedy. I hope I found one, but it's going to take a while. 
@WVGrandma LOl just now read this..another rained out race weekend?  This is the last race we will see till ABC takes over..so sad!
Gokey oh no, I guess I'll be praying about your luggage again. I know it's not funny.  
watching GLEE! i miss singing with komu tuloy 
@OC909 its gonna take foreverrrr 
@OC909 grrr i wanna talk to you babe  i miss you already!!!
@OC909 dont yell at me honey 
@OC909 i miss you 
just gettin home from the ER, got the pink eye 
catching up on #diggnation episodes. new @revision3 website rocks. But the episodes keep freezing  checked my connection but seems fine.
Watching the tonight show with jay leno- his last show... So sad  I don't like Conan
@OC909 eeek i know  that is a lot of money that i dont think my parents wanna pay for
wow...new set for Conan on monday....can't believe that! they're replacing history all over...and it BLOWS  lol
In the ER  missing my wife and daughter
@Aminabuddafly nooooo   OC love all nt!!
sitting in a huff... in my opinion the wrong person was voted thru by the judges on BGT last night.  &lt;humfff&gt;
ah just realised I am gonna miss BGT final tonight   
how wonderful. am not able to get to sleep 'cause my bladder's so uncomfortable &gt;___&lt;...i think it may be time to just go to the ER? 
just watchin last ever ER, so sad  
@ranalynn hows The Tudors .. never heard of them  .. gonna watch Bolt now .. yaay ...
watching CSI before attacking the ironing basket....had all week to do it 
#asylm I never knew there was a Supernatural convention, I might have gone 
Galactica Season 3....dissappointing 
@Wossy  wish your show was still live 
Just watched the last Shameless. 
As much as I think &quot;Cheaters&quot; is hilarious this episode was truly sad 
@Wossy I'm listening too, it's not the same pre-recorded 
Additional 10% off for TBS products, less than a week after I bought my stash. 
@HughePaul possibly, though suddenly finding it very hard to garner motivation to leave bed and stop watching The Apprentice 
I'm off, going on running machine then sunbathe a little  Looking forward to the meal later, even though I'll miss BGT! Haha 
ooooooooo BGT final tonight, let's have a party. weather is a babe, however lots of college work to be done 
Just realised im going to miss BGT tonight  hopefully the replay will be on tomorrow!
was at the ER until 2am, now going to the doctors. 
Where is the final episode when you need it.. 
Have to wait another week until final episode of Primeval series 3 is shown. Thank you so much ITV &amp; BGT 
Wowowee perf. cancelled  Network conflict IDK. Lots of other appearnces/perf on GMA. Stay tuned for air dates so u can see me! lol 
@arabantug I've been here for a month now. Only joking. I'll be there on tuesday. I miss watching Conan. I don't think it's on here 
My laptop won't read my The OC dvds 
just watched the final episode of bbf 
@jodilynch just being a drama queen! how are you little one? it's been forever!  xxxx
ABC has renewed Scrubs for Season 9 for an unknown number of eps.  Chuck only back for 13 episodes and couple of cast members missing. 
SYTYCD makes me seriously miss dancing. a lot.  like, a lot a lot. 
Grammer and punctuation ain't doing so good either...I'm going to fail the english test next week 
had a fabulous night with Bourdain and friends!!!!  Would have liked to have taken it into the wee hours, but had to work this morning. 
*yawn* 12.30am now....just finished watching soccer on tv......moving on from ESPN to HBO---'Disturbia'?? nah!!! 
@tourcrush How come your VH1 videos aren't available in my country, but the ads that come on before are? 
ohhhhhhhhhhh i hope i make it home in time  for BGT
Haha at the losers queueing up for the BGT live show ...I so wish I was there 
Has had yet another day of attempting revision and failing miserably  ...but on the bright side: BGT final tonight!! Stavros Flatley FTW!!
@taylorswift13 NBC? my tv says that there is a hockey game on 
whats with acts using michael jackson? gettin' kinda old  BGT
@uxnhoj123 Why does Fox get the greatest shows then cancel them early? 
I'm sure I used to have a life  sat watching BGT on me todd wiv a bottle of bud 
@Dorkus_  #BGT 2 grand was a let down, expected more from them 
Degrassi with JT!! &gt;.&lt; I miss him 
@iViva relying on your tweets tonite for all the info bout BGT, as im off out so will miss the show  tah
watching BGT for the last time  and having wine and a bbq!! lovely!
Missed the great weather  inside all day at work!! should i watch BGT final?! or soak up last of sun?!
Looking forward to watching BGT when I get in, can't live tweet 
I hate it when people move their arms so much during singing. #BGT And the judges liked it by the looks of it. She'll probably win 
:L lol theres a BGT fight on here :L oh 280th tweet goes to me cuz im awesome XD lolz god i sound conceited lolz :O all my roses are gone 
all that was a bit pointless as i'm going to miss the BGT result 
I am watching reruns of The Game on BET! I am still sad that they made that decision regarding the show. It was the best thing on CW! 
Watching Hitler's Family...very interesting. In other things...I want everyone to win BGT but we all know the winner will be susan boyle 
@Oliviaaemily you're missing BGT  that's depressing.
ER is no more 
i'm gutted now, not allowed to watch BGT finale, because my stepdads got the stupid football on!!  .. going home tomorrow 
BGT dont want the brat to win 
Oh good grieve.. their even talking about BGT on the radio. I cant get any from it 
i missed most of the final of BGT, i was at work. will have to wait for the rerun 
I still can't get through to vote on BGT! 
little monkey was jumping on the bed...now we're at the ER to see if her  arm is broken. 
One thing worse than #BGT - Casualty 
The world shall be a much duller place when BGT's over. 
wish i could vote  defo for starvos flatley!!! #BGT
liz.  C says she's a good healer but she really stunk in VH.
oh shooooot:S i have to wait 54 min to keep watching Privileged. this MEGAVIDEO.com can be so cruel!:S 
@CSI_News guess i'm out.... 
no no nooooooo please don't let susan win!  #BGT
And it's all over  BGT
Awww  It's all over!! BGT.
What will I watch all week now that BGT is over 
watching BGT again from the beginning, cos I missed the first half earlier 
Plec si eu sa dorm ... daca a plecat si @adelina_s  nu mai am cu cine vorbi 
glad diversity won BGT! - Gutted its nearly bak to school time 
@CSI_News  oh! doenst sound good 
idiots that insist on telling every1 who won BGT I missed it was gonna watch l8r 
i guess thats it for BGT  guess its now time to bring on Xfactor! just a couple months away i think
@Elixabef EHO, you disappoint me much.   Conan is so fine!
heartbroken because of BGT 
@CSI_News   I guess I calculated wrong 
What am i goin to do now BGT is finished!  roll on america's got talent!
My nails look beautiful.... Psych! 
Still a little pissed, my favorite character in Sopranos died the most pointless and stupid death 
and again BGT is over for another year.. how sad 
The radio edited version of The Next Episode kinda just ruined my life 
aww BGT! that's it for another year. 
is gutted that Flawless didnt win BGT 
had a luvly time in the bar watching BGT, so happy SB didnt win -  i really dont wanna leave for the summer 
watchin sex and the city - drowning my sorrows about the departure of BGT 
Pleased at BGT result - but I did want Julian to win  lol
@CSI_News CSI went down hill when Warwick was killed, not it is even worse with Grissom 
@CSI_News CSI went down hill when Warwick was killed, not it is even worse without Grissom 
trying to watch susan boyle's perf in BGT finals- found but streaming- I bailed- finished 2ed-      any sug as to where this can be found?
i want new glee episodes. now. 
Wishes he wasn't at work when BGT was on.. but doesn't like the result! 
I forgot episodes of weeds were so short 
bawled her eyes out at ER 
Still not feeling well  Screw the mall. I'll save $ and watch the Kardashians marathon instead ;)
wats gd twitter?? iStill cant believe Diversity won BGT Flawless shoulda won 
@SaDcharlotte :O did u watch BGT? im not even gunna talk about the niley thing anymore, sick of all the crap 
@CSI_News I need u to follow me to send u direct message 
not looking forward to the new season of Skins, since they killed my favorite character and sent the others off to college  all new cast
@jennymak I'm getting to the reality of the drama n sooooo sssaaaaddd 
@Viriiguy but 30 mind is too short for an episode 
Frustration is turning on the NHL Finals and finding my local NBC channel is doing a local telethon instead. 
aw, i'm watching an episode of angel where lorne sings. andy... 
@TheJetonTNT I'm gonna miss you guys  TNT should give y'all a summer show like The View!
watching the dish its hilarious and they just got done talkin bout laurens last episode 
I'm reminded how much I miss Pushing Daisies. Thanks ABC for at least airing the last 3 eps. I miss you PD. 
@CSI_News  thats bad! I need to go now hun! talk to u tomorrow!bye
In the flippin ER wit my baby 
wishes she could watch ANTM on oxygen while eating moose tracks, with kelly.  sad day.
Watching Speeders on TruTV and they are in my city. Who knew we had so many hee haws 
TLC continues to showcase their summer shows, arriving soon in continued ads - that have no closed captioning whatsever. 
really disappointed that Shaheen Jafargholi didnt win BGT. 
@VidiotGeek it still is canceled  just airing the last of the episodes.
@misslion89 I don't seem to get SNL til midnight.  I'm guessing because of the Redwings game.
wants the complete first, second, and third season of Supernatural. 
trying to run VH, but nobody wants to join... 
@storycollector our PBS is playing something else tonight 
@donotrefreeze I was in the disney theme parks the whole day...missed all the excitement of BGT on twitter today 
@fairleighbored just 3 more episodes  then its done
@JBandMiley123 I know  I'm so sick and tired of all the drama. Why can't every one just be happy?
@soctechnologist - me too, it won all kinds of awards too. ABC cancelled too early. @elizweiland - not me... ABC is teasing 
So @HillFig09 's party was epic. I brought a pineapple  got home right at curfew this time. For some reason Hulu won't finish Fringe 
awee &quot;SNL remembers chris farley&quot; is on right now  that man is a comic genius and he should still be alive today.
Watching Law n Order SVU without boobee 
@PRETTYME422 workin workin mama!! Not to busy!  &lt;TLC&gt;
@rana0x0 I know right? So sad  But at least we have all this SNL footage of him. He's so silly!
@brunojohn Seriously, right?! It's so bittersweet, though - new episode, but it's canceled.  Damn ABC!  (love you ABC, but bad decision!)
@OC909 i dont like my house phone!!! its like wherever i stay at, i'll never get the chance to sit down and have a nice convo with you 
@OC909  oh honey, everyone and everything is against us! grrr
@OC909 baaah everything and everyone is against us  sugaaaahHHH!!!!
@enzopilarta :O she lost? I haven't been catching up with BGT but awww  I can't believe she lost
@threevolts not so fun when cops is a rerun  http://myloc.me/2apv
As soon as I stop being ridiculously busy I can't sleep. So far this week I've finished the whole first season of Supernatural &amp; Heroes 
@hannfaye YES. two more episodes to go.. 
@241sxb I KNOW! i'm watching click on FX now. so depressing 
Moving Tudors caps... and they aren't even complete 
surprised at finale of BGT in the end - but judges did it beforehand - they manipulated the results b'cause ppl voted on what they said 
Just got home from hanging with replay ceviche. In major pain right now due to non-stop dancing. Would love some serious TLC right now 
@KGMB9 did you guys just show my pic???? i missed it  can i watch it some how? lol
@KGMB9 NICEEEEEEE omg i'm so caught up in studying i forgot to watch  darn it!
can't believe ER has finished 
apparently we get tin tin on cartoon network.... why have i never managed to catch it. disappointed 
great night last night...disappointed to see that someone posted the winner of BGT on facebook  listening to @darrylmorris now on xfm #fb
@Karinaaaaaaaaaa im going to miss BGT  lols
played infamous instead of watching Detective Conan like I planned to  oh well.
new TNSB video! http://bit.ly/yer0g  It unfortunately hasn't got the Baywatch scene in it 
Last day of FX 
I just got sad cause I was thinking there was another show the idols usually visit and realized it was TRL 
@Wossy is making fun of us country folk this morning.    But I really do have to go feed horses and cows.
i want more Glee   wtf  no more episodes 
im so gonna miss watching BGT 
I love to write supernatural fafictions and to roleplay. Supernatural is the bomb. Only 4 more eps of season 2 in nz 
I wish AMC would stop firing my friends 
@KKMommy72 so sad about the goldfish  we had a tank...but Emmy fed the fish bread when I wasn't looking...they are in fishy-heaven now...
diversityyy. well want to go see BGT live tour; sold out! 
ohmy, I just heard on the news that one of the 2 traumas we got in the ER last night didn't make it 
Oddly, the Bones characters aren't tweeting.  
is really missing LOST and Ugly Betty 
delighted Diversity won... SuBo needs to get ther head together, and publicity coaching! In work, missing the beautiful sunshine 
wants to go to BGT tour but there's no seats available 
I missed BGT monday night  I wanted to see Escala on there, I heard they were going on there with their new album?
Dish Network stinks - no NBC Universal sports channel. Missed the entire Giro this year. 
@BeautySweetSpot Oh nooo, I think I am filming out of the city that day for my NBC Beauty Buzz segment  - I'll find out for sure this week
@secretsvsrumors my computer doesn't want to open it on ABC.com and I don't see it listed on hulu 
Watching house! Season 2 Episode 20 something! he shot house! 
great, my youtube stopped working in the middle of the new WOWP episode 
Missing BGT already 
wants britains got talent to last longer. how come x-factor lasts like 4 months and BGT is only on for about 2 months ? not fair 
No Tudors tonight :-/ no Tudors until next year  what am I to do with my life??? Lol.
@wendilynnmakeup I hate the &quot;sorry only for US viewers&quot; message on NBC website! I understand the show, but this clip? why? 
just about to watch a recorded BGT final as a I couldn't watch it last night 
been in the ER since 5 this morning  HELLOO... hungry!!!!
Last Nascar race on Fox this Year  i will miss digger.. IRL in 1h
@JaeShaunese im good . at home eattin oatmeal . tryin 2 lose sum Lbs cuz im the biggest ive ever been in my life 
watching Mythbusters, man I love that show, but I keep missing the new episodes 
@Levite247  cool thanks!  That would be fun!  Usually it's on Fox, but not this year   today is the last race on fox for the season 
http://tinyurl.com/nov2gk 72% of the television viewing country watched BGT last night? That's an extremely depressing statistic 
I cannot wait until Real Housewives of Atlanta come back on Nene is the realest bitch know 2 man...I'm sad they got rid of Deshawn tho 
@risha_ NBC is going to squeeze in both the Rafa and Masha match. In three hours. I have a feeling I'm not gonna see it. 
@Seany_ aww  *cuddle*
@ChadMichMurray whyyy? OTH is the best show,... I enjoy it so much 
Supernatural whilst the worlds gettin pissed am sittin with a wee glass o water watchin telly/tweetin  oohh its a wonderful life lololol
just sent of form for BGT for megan and she is nagging me too do it with her but i really cant sing 
noooo! after watching Reaper season 2 finale I went to see if/when season 3 will happen and the series is canceled!!!  grrr damn CW
gosh I have to go to work when there's an NCIS marathon on  oh well off the next two days at least
just finished Frasier .. 11 seasons finished so quick  .. the best show ever !
@CSI_News sorry to hear that...    I was able to get a pic up though.  FINALLY
Is watchin BETJ thinkin damn I miss doing hair shows 
@ChadMichMurray OTH's no OTH without Lucas ! 
awww @ that little girl on BGT breaking down crying on stage 
@RegularRon Duuude it's cool! I wanted to watch the surgery but it was too busy at the ER that day. 
@Wossy i want your puppy 
Just went through 1,000+ channels to find NBC special about @taylorswift13 but no luck  fuck canada &amp; not being able to get american? tv.
Just got home from OC!! wish i was back there already 
@CSI_PrintChick  i just wanna be a mommy dont really care how it happens
Watching NCIS with my ankle propped up... I hate old injuries when they flare up... 
After a days hard work, I'm sitting in the cold, dark theatre room watching the Bachelorette on TVO at my in laws. Jeremys at work still 
@dixiedeepdiver so Lensey had 40+ stitches.He really got the shit beat out of him. Seany said he looked lke he was beat with baseball bat 
@KellyD23 Kelly!!! I don't know if i can watch LOST tonight. I just remembered I have a hotline shift 9-12 and I'll be eating dinner at 8 
Watching Dateline...closest ill get to the concert 
@LaurenConrad's last episode 
@taylorswift13 I wanna know what it is! I don't have NBC 
sad that the @taylorswift13 NBC dateline special doesn't come on my television, grr 
@taylorswift13 what was on NBC?? i missed it 
i watching VH1 alone 
@xoxnaquel I am 2! I'm just dad I won't c that at GMA probably 
Why do the Lifetime guy and girl always fall in love in 30 seconds! 
@peterg11742 I'm starting to panic, my tv guide thing is showing basketball on NBC    AAAAAAHHHHHHHH
Omfg dude there is some drama going on...  not good at all...
fudge! i missed @taylorswift13 on NBC. 
forgive and forget NCIS and reading i guess not like im going to hear from him  miss him though
@KimKardashian I wish there were more episodes 
@writereader there bookstores suck. No TBS either 
@JasonCalacanis will the episode be available afterward? I'm out and about 
the hillsssss last episode with lauren  and then movie awardsss
Missed the NBC special of the Fearless tour.. 
man. watching Dateline made me REALLY want to see @taylorswift13 on tour. so bummed that i can't go 
@brianlsf i'm gonna have to wait until tomorrow night to watch it.  it makes me really sad. i don't get AMC. i can't wait much longer!!!
@taylorswift13... but unfortunately she forgot we dont have @NBC west on satelite   BLNT
Megan Fox.. you're not hot.. you look really ugly tonight.. Shia should have introduced that preview.. 
just realized that i won't be able to see Weeds when it comes on again. 
tweaked his back during the softball game. hurts so bad contemplating going to the ER. 
Bridezillas marathon over, nothing left to watch. 
@yrclndstnlvr are you watching season 1? cause my first episode of Torchwood was not season 1 and I got yelled at for it. 
Now, let`s wait for season 6. Entourage`s over  
@ the ER. poor matthew broke his foot 
@joannya How can you stand not watching this shit?! I want a dose of Samberg. 
I never thought I would say this, but I miss the SYTYCD crew 
totaled my car todaaay~~ ER for 4 houuurs. and now D isn't coming over  fucking bad day.
Just got done working.. Catching up on The Bachelorette and then back to work in 9 hours 
@christofur I hope everything is ok.  I mistook ER as an acronym for a place to eat  Be good and healthy please!
watching That's Dancing, duh. needs @thestellamalone here 
@taylorswift13 I'm bummed Dateline was pre-empted in L.A. I really wanted to see it 
My boyfriend's in the ER 
Watching Roseanne about to go to bed... It's summer and I'm going to bed at 12. I'm so pathetic 
@shelliwazzu  its over now  it was on TNT i believe
Downloading breaking bad last episode 13 , and also 12 cz I downloaded it before but didn't see it 
// Why isn't the new episode of TheBatterysDown up yet?    WTF
@Anime81 Nothing much ::sighs:: I can't sleep and everyone's sleeping in the house. Aunt Emmy's probably not going to like my staying up. 
just found out my tv is too old for a digital set top box thingy  looks like ABC2 will have to wait.
@theonekimmy WTF?!? I haven't seen anything about it yet. Of course, I don't have HBO yet either.  I can't wait til it starts though!
@NCISfanatic Thanks 4 the heads up! I can't believe some1 would do that to NCIS fans everywhere! Actually, I can. 
missed BSG 
they're playing my favorite lamest Lifetime movie. lololol I should be asleep. 
@Wossy my god I havent worn a boob tube since the 80's and they were forever falling down and exposing everything 
Watching the Scrubs Finale made me think of one thing: Its going to be fucking difficult to say bye to everyone in a months time 
Oh, Last night, I had a nightmare... I missed Hollyoaks :O  :S !!
Our Dining Divas join us this morning, and I'm sad Ssan Boyle didn't win BGT 
Watching #BGT final like what, weeks after it actually happened? And I know who wins and everything. All suspense is gone 
In tears because Prue is dead on Charmed 
@ionebaloney I heard she's being paid almost 40k per episode. Why's she leaving? 
@Kgonhergrind heard about it! I'll have to catch the rerun. 
@TomFelton i used to watch it but haven't seen the past few... BBLB's no good without Demot 
Off to BPD to see if it's an #Otalia day or if I have to do real work 
@ellieq dear god, just as I was rejoicing about BGT ending  
@sentricmusic No, I believe it was 'a cast-off' 
man i really wanted stevros flatley to win BGT  ah well
@mileycyrus Want to watch the Whole Season here at the Philippines... The Episodes i watched here is until Episode 5.. 
I'll be having ER duty tomorrow.  This will be fun and exciting, but I'll probably look AND feel like a zombie by the time I get home. 
pretty gutted those savos flatley (spl?) people didnt win BGT,just watching fireman sam in welsh with Rian , there is also a bee here. 
I had a dream last night that TechTV came back. I wake up to find that it didn't. 
Oh gah! there so would be an ANTM marathon on while i dnt have time 
omg, my biggest fear came true. mckey won ANTM. poor sam &amp; analeigh.  
@Wossy Ogodogodogod - I misread 'fetching' 
aaaaaah! cant take it anymore! still wanna watch Psych! wants more of gus+shawn boomage  but....gra...
omg! susan boyle is suffering from exuahtsion! I havent heard anything about diversity winning BGT;its still alll about susan boyle! 
my bro had to go to the ER. his arm may be broke  hope he feels better
The last known Titanic Survivor died today. 
But nooo it is the  Last of the series 
@NBC17 I can't even read stories like this 
new podcrash episode!!! but stillno new MOTHH 
@CSI_PrintChick it is so sad that i cant find it  nope not in my radio here at work either..
@CSI_PrintChick  no i didnt go. i didnt know about it   i actually had my friend jessica burn me a copy &amp; now i cant find it. i guess  ...
So glad diversity won BGT thank god that susan boyle didnt win although im sad that she was put into a mental health clinic thing 
new favorite shows include nurse jackie and GLEE. had a naked shower with the roomie, who is moving out in a couple days 
@poohbare311 mine was fine  @CSI_PrintChick oh ok thnx will try
Watching last ever ER, so sad, gutted it's finished 
I just found out that the #NCIS actors I thought I was following were actually IMPOSTERS   How do we know @HartHanson is really him, etc?
Swear guys im goin to miss chris fountain on Hollyoaks  x
@LaurenConrad I wouldnt want to see the last episode with no audio. 
I can't believe Rex dies at the end of season one of Desperate Housewives! I liked him! 
i hate drama and drama coursework 
@gailbarton That's good to hear. He seems genuine, and really nice. But then again, I thought that about the NCIS peeps I was following 
My Tivo dying has &quot;solved&quot; my problem of a backlog of Heroes, Terminator, Dr Who,Conchords+my prized recording of Pink Floyd at Live 8. 
@seanyworn 3 DAYS!!! I'm excited I need something to fill the BGT shaped hole in my heart 
Hollyoaks is so sad 
just watched the last ever episode of ER-- why are all my fave programmes ended- especially this one! watched it for years 
@calebfinley i'm editing a video, and the person says &quot;Showtime&quot;, so i've been hearing it basically non-stop for the past 15 minutes 
:o( the dreams for SyFy are dying today ... @cincebo This is so sad 
:o( the dreams for #TSCC for SyFy are dying today ... @cincebo This is so sad  but we are still the resistance!!! For #TTSCC
@Seany_ even the gentlist of kisses hurts my forehead  thank god i wasnt on a nudist beach - youve seen a savaloy yeah?
@BuddyTV Looking forward to this, The CW have really got into shape, this Fall looks great, just  they didn't take the GG spinoff!
ready to go home and crash - not feelin' this sinus infection at all!  At least I have the Bachelorette to cheer me up!
someone filming the next Survivor just died....ahhhhhhhhhhhh 
My last Daybreak day 
Relaxing after another wonderful trip to the ER ..... *sigh* I hate being sick 
if the Bachelorette is so lame what the heck am I doing watching it? 
Ugh, one of the doctors here wants me to wait in the ER to get &quot;evaluated&quot;. I don't have 2 hours to waste though 
@VH1Hoopz lol oops there is a show that comes on and I thought thas what you were talkin about lol its abou OCD sorry love!! 
I need more gritty teen dramas &amp;&amp; I'm sick  I love @WeTheTRAVIS !
went to TNT tinting to test my windshield for air blue tint. failed by 0.8%. so I guess no windshield tint for me. 
My sister is going to the ER 
I wish I was going to CineVegas.         (:(:   (:  (:  ( :
@Collorious  at less it still be on cartoon network here soon
sad its lc's last episode 
Bachelorette: she got rid of sasha?!? awww totally forgot about Kiptyn, hope she keeps him 
Watching Hannity ... they're all yelling at each other.  
Chaser ticket system malfunction gave me 2 tix for tonight. But I CAN'T GO! 
@ChynaDollxo houseguests 
@thatrunnerchick my boyfriend, Columbo, has dementia 
@MysteryGuitarM you were barely in the episode though, it made me sad  I wanted to we more of you in it
@findingbeauty They have such great chemistry together, so whyyy do the promos look so forced and awkward. 
Here Come the Newlyweds is like one of the funniest shows ever.....with a sad ending though 
I am so jealous of the people who get to watch #Conan in about half an hour. I still have 3 and a half more to go. 
@regalaffair that's exactly what has me confused. It said to be continued but NBC already confirmed they r not picking it up next season 
how could i forget Conan premieres tonight!!! 
@L_E_Allard I wish I could've had a SYTYCD party with ya before I left! 
Conan is so far away 
Conan didn't spin!? 
Aww seeing Conan run across country just made me a little sad! Come back Conan!! 
ouch to the 'last place network' comment from Conan! sorry NBC 
is at the ER with the kid...  This came at a bad time.
Conan never seemed to get over his nervous ticks from his debut on his first show, only to be doubled on the new show tonight 
@ohmaybe no Conan in BA?  the east coast americans are watching it now. i have to wait a couple more hours  on the weat coast.
At ER its pneumonia  big thanks to @gbales for sitting with me getting shots and then hopefully going home soon.
I didn't get to watch Conan.  I'll have to find it online tomorrow...
@jeffisageek Being on the west coast now I still have to wait and 1.5 hours to see Conan 
Watching Microsofts press conference since i cant watch Conan  http://bit.ly/U5Xip
Giving up on terrible local broadcasting and going to sleep. I couldn't watch Conan 
Missed Conan!!! 
ENOUGH!!!....NBC i'm a tv watcher...cancel this dumbass show ASAP!!! 
Aaaaand I forgot to DVR Conan. 
Conan, you played it too safe... no leprechaun dance, either! 
Conan and Ferrell cautious and weak tonight 
I missed Conan 1st show  I bet it was awesome.
@karlamrich is at the vet ER with our oldest cat. I'm really nervous. 
@RyanSeacrest I'm worried about Conan changing too much and becoming all Hollywood-ized  No spray tan, please!
Bones is making me cry 
@tvblog yes NBC is a mess...im praying SOUTHLAND can somehow survive and do well..but it's on Fridays so i'm NOT getting too attached. 
@tzeee @veinte dramas making me cry, over and over again. 
I hate ER waiting rooms! Arg!!! 
@kateszandc  I'm dying to do a FOX show (well 2) it's just an errr thing... I would just go ahead and do it but got deleted 3 times b4.
I didn't get to watch the Bachelorette tonight  tomorrow!!
no remote control. too lazy to turn the channel. so im watching endless amounts of TLC 
I now have to get ready for work, as opposed to watching the episodes of BSG s5 I didn't watch last night - how inconvenient 
@kirstiealley Me too! I LOVE SVU... been missing it alot lately though 
I missed Conan's first show tonight.  I hope they post the whole thing up on Hulu and not just bits of it.
ugh....I'm going to miss Conan tonight. 
@Tiredofbeinsexy i missed tonight's ep 
07:15 wake up call by TNT 
hmmm, what did everyone think of the tonight show w/ Conan?? I thought it was going to be better...I miss late night 
I'm pissed that I witnessed my first loss at Dodger stadium this season. AND I'm pissed that I'm missing the Conan debut. Sorry Conan. 
I'm sad Conan's set is different. It was so him!  
Dear Conan O'Brien: I am sleepy, but I can't turn the tv off 
Watching Conan, it's funny but different 
@hiannie I can't play your music anymore (don't know why  ] Dancing anyways LOL 
Wi-fi is temporary dead; no way to watch SNL tonight. its still 1am! c'mooooooon!!!! 
@ceepee10 waaaaah! I missed Conan last night, too! I fell asleep. 
@west72 Looking forward to it! Serious BSG Withdrawls in this household! 
just got back from taking my nephew to the ER  no more office day with the kids for now...kids need to rest!
So bummed I fell asleep and missed Conan! 
watchin an old BNTM n wishin i wasnt goin 2 wrk  all that glamour n then goin 2 wrk at a supermarket. LOL x
I'm bored &gt;.&lt;  and when the f*ck is TNT post going to bring me my skelanimals t-shirts? 
Conan O'Brian is looking so old  bit scary how long I've been watching him...
It just occurred to me that if they psych test the hopefuls on BGT as they suggest then the auditions would be very,very dull indeed! 
i'm always tired  i went to bed right after Conan and still snoozed way too long.
@Blessed_Adorer http://mechanicalplurk.com/  but unfortunately it is on hiatus 
- @jonswerens I can't get excited about Conan. 
no celebrations for now.  ER's dad is still in the hospital
@CSI_PrintChick twitter is just stupid like that sometimes 
hope Dot don't die in Eastenders.. 
@jimmyfallon please don't kill me..but yesterday was the first ever time that i missed your show  ...but I TVO it anyways! 
@ChadMichMurray awww! OTH wont be the same without you! 
@CSI_PrintChick  im sad i cant change my background   it never chngs
Ahh Hollyoaks  it was all happy to start with aswell 
@Twyst 250 is steep, I may look into it.  I still have 1000 series 
Never thought I would say it but that was a slightly poor episode 
Speidi leaving the jungle?! Now who will i laugh at?? 
@carmelant I just watched Glee online you know that new show! Anyways .. please go to the party! 
SVU finale tonight 
That was so wrong. She said yes he said no. Hitched or ditched sad. 
Question: If @trfall has NO problem with me watching Diggnation, why does he not want me watching superbad? 
Omg so mad that the cute SVU CSI guy was the one who died  and umm Dale is creepy. Great season finale!! @NealBaer
@xofyrefly hahah sry SVU was rly intense 
@MadisonMitchell hahaha! That'd be great except then HBO could sue you and make you stop using it... and that would suck ass. 
I'm not ok with the SVU season finale... they killed the hottie 
Law &amp; Order: SVU rocked tonight. I'll miss you, @CSURyan! 
@MTTM16 class form 8am-9pm, 5hr break. BUT that is being spent @ the awesome offices of WJLA for my internship.  sry homie. this weekend?
has to get used to Conan's new time slot! I missed the first five minutes. 
@GiulianaRancic I love that show....too bad Speidi left 
I'm sad that Speidi gave up so easily! Now the show sucks. 
Conan day 2 on right now, missed last night's 
Watching Conan and cramping bad 
I miss American Idol..  #idol
Law and Order SVU was awesome!!! So sad Ryan died he was cool 
@FOX10Spotlight Hey Fox10, I only have about 3-5 tweeters in Mobile, sorry  but I can try to get you more followers
I might have to take my sister back to the ER  when will this end for her??
Watching the first Conan on Hulu, I had to work last night 
@JFilms oh yeah, you kinda have to be if you have red hair. I actually missed Conan tonight 
My cousin is in the ER so I'm stayin up till she calls me back 
It's too late to watch Conan. Hulu will be slow now. 
Sadly it looks like NBC will pussy out and let speidi back on... Ratings over substance I guess. Spencers ego doesn't need the boost! 
@tashalee Just now seen your tweets to me haha. I love Conan! I missed the first two tonight shows with him  l have to watch tomorrow
 everyones dying or bordeirlne on SVU 
night shifts suck, i miss my baby  but #Conan was awesome tonight!
 I can't hear a damn word that TBS is singing 
Watching Conan then going to sleep...have to wake up early for Spalding training 
@Chriiisti you are going to Conan.. WTF thompson Conan is my shit and your going without me! booo 
I remembered Conan being funnier 
I forgot to mention that last night, I dreamt Oprah sent a photographer to kill Toiletface. And succeeded. I cried so hard in the dream. 
@Wossy been attacked by the hay as well today 
@Wossy yep..iv sneezed around 20times already this morning.and got an ''itchy'' throat.  
@Wossy yes please... I need some 
@babibabs oo nga eh  grabe they were so sweet and so perfect together. Kht sa OTH and real life. 
Remembers when L&amp;O (incl. SVU &amp; CI) was my fav!... Now, its not. I miss my old cast!  NCIS rules, all the way! CSI: NY &amp; Miami are next.
feeling fat  major bad times but Apprentice tonight = good times !
@gregsky Don't get too excited. It's not TSCC 
omg second last episode of this season's Supernatural. 
@Wossy I've been on the antihistamines for a couple of weeks already 
Family are watching Chuck, so no Spicks and Specks for me 
@Wossy bloody hayfever! I hate it 
#Chaser has gone down hill, not even funny anymore 
Ponderland's not on tonite 
@Wossy dear god yes!  What was in the air today?  Nearly crashed car manipulating copious hankies plus gearstick with streaming eyes 
@sentimentalizzy i am, i am! i just got stuck on ep 9. 
@blayze316 I fell asleep before Conan came on last night! 
@GMA everytime I click on a link from you it doesn't ever work. 
Watching GMA. Story bout a 10 yr girl diagnosed wit breast cancer brought tears to my eyes.. sucks 
@okgosu i saw first two episodes of that drama too, then gave up. too many politic-related korean vocabularies i didn't know... 
@FabKeChanGam thanks for caring.. its okay.. i had to go to the ER but im feeling a bit better.. 
@LindseyBox I totally agree that this texting era is dumbing us down! Spelling was a strong point but now I'm so accustomed to short hand 
Blink tickets go on sale today!!!! Too bad it's at the end of the year  TBS cd is amazing.. Last night on lenno was great to
@airofina did i miss anything important on #TSCC? i saw scifi passed, knew it was long shot but soo sad  
@Danzr_1 I don't think Conan tweets 
@thescrubshub Were Scrubs on yesterday?  I missed it!
no TBS.  both shows sold out.
if only Conan posted my twitter updates on the tonight show 
Taking my new injured bird-pal to the bird ER... poor dear ran into the window 
Aww season five of Desperate Housewives is over. The last episode was so good. I want to watch more now. 
@TeknoDwarf Heh yea, thats what I get for not changing the channel from Comedy Central when Futurama was over 
@krisstraub You can't just leave the storyline on a cliffhanger like that! You have to at least resolve the boob-eyes plot. 
@imarriage ...but FOX and the contestants won't go about it right and I'm reasonably sure it'll be a train wreck.  
@Constance13 Its raining here and im still in the ER 
@jaredmfrye yeah bro, u already know im missin' NBC so much rite now, i wanna break out in praise and worship before rehearsal 
@georgesampson cant wait for the BGT tour soooo chuffed your gonna be on it cudn't get tickets last year  x
@Kahlema NBC doesn't exist in other countries 
2 more episodes!! But need to off com 
@scottwyden  thats when we get back from OC  
@ChadMichMurray yes you have been on for 6 six seasons but you make OTH what it is. without you there is NO SHOW!! 
UCLA is workin on gettin Conan as their Grad. Guest Speaker.  How do we get our then president and they get Conan?!  Sooo sad! 
@BuddyTV_SYTYCD it really was I cried a little over that one 
I am *so* going to get withdrawl symptoms once The Apprentice has finished 
@GoCheeksGo I think they can tell from your location who you'll vote for, and the Gokey fans are somehow getting their votes through 
sometimes law &amp; order SVU makes me sad 
I just watched American Idol finale again. I miss the show so much! 
So JAG is getting old, but cant stop watching men in uniforms... watching Hangover tnite but cant get one cause  of antibiotics 
@MikeyBathurst2 thanks..&quot;do&quot; haha okay have fun at FNL without me 
@lynnmaudlin @mrs_estmr @marybeth66 @gregzimmerman He cracked me up on SNL, and some movies good. but most recently are awful  #hhrs
Two of my favorite shows - Reaper and Privileged - were canceled.  Why?!?   http://myloc.me/2J0t
I'm off to watch some Supernatural, and then sleeeeeep - have work in the morning 
 someone find us TBS tix....must....go.
@Mrbimble76 No, but it's also not a rumor, either.  What we're hearing is that TPTB are determining our &quot;value&quot; to the company overall. 
O my gosh we just got rejected by the Conan crew I guess u realy need a reservation 
@jerseygalrocker I'm sorry, Delonge is kinda making me mad! I'm not saying EW, to his brain, just him! I don't know either! 
@JonathanRKnight I've never seen a single episode! Does that put me on your bad list?  *hides*
No @AOTS airing tonight    , so I'm continuing to watch The Wire on HBO on Demand episode 10.
@alitris Oh, and I'm caught up on BSG again.  They just found earth.  
This is funn wish i didnt have to leave  TNT&lt;3
damn I love these CAO Sopranos - why oh why do they have to cost so much 
Long weekend! To do list: Bones Season2&amp;3, Sims3 and Skins Season 2. I have no life 
@_davidjay NOT a good time to leave OC....but you probably have figured that out already 
I hella love &quot;The Game&quot; on BET tho! Now why did they stop playin' it on the CW! 
I will be down for eight to ten hours of planned maintenance starting 2 minutes before Conan starts - dang I can't stay awake 
@ebonistephae Not by choice...I am on ER duty with my lil sis. 
I suck on HBO anymore.  And the fact that I'm still heavily crushing on my supervisor tells everyone how much I suck. Total fml moment.
Nuts! No Psych tonight. 
cant find my old mp3 player to get the songs off of it.   watching the NBC special on the white house.  
Getting sick  I am def in need of some TLC. Hitting that bed tonight like it owes me some money!
@keaFbaby I just finished watchin OLTL 
is not happy that the Chaser has been cut for 2 weeks. If you don't like it, don't watch it, simple! 
Oh no! I think I just accidentally read a huge BSG spoiler 
The free basic cable I'd been enjoying here at the apt. is no more. And I was hoping to watch Conan... 
@downtheroad wow I didn't know they were airing his ep 
I'm sad to say that I'm not really digging Conan in his new gig. 
As much as I love hanging out with my friends, nothing beats a night with Conan. Except there are tons of mosquitos in my house 
Whedonesque lied to me. NPH was last night. 
assignmenting (yay for invented words) plus bummed about Chaser off-air for 2 weeks  just when they had returned!
I really want to audition for American Idol but mommy said no 
@paperclipface I've been waiting forever for them to have S1 of L word or Deadwood and they had both today; I had to choose 
@vipingoyal  Totally LOVE Conan. Sadly no Hulu access in India. 
@CSI_PrintChick no i havent  i want it tho. is it on itunes?
@wilw I miss when the Simpsons was funny and worth watching. 
@MMDetail_Psych nothing.. just trying hard not to think about work tomorrow.    how've you been?
@1capplegate i watched! they sadly took down the episodes of the website under full episodes 
@Emmy56 hahahahahahahahahaha that is way too funny! and i bet i cant tell anyone that  *sobs* lol
mad that ive missed every Conan show this week...  ...except for tonite! yes! :]
mad that ive missed every Conan show this week...  ...except for tonite! yes! :] e's still my fave......!
mad that ive missed every Conan show this week...  ...except for tonite! yes! :] he's still my fave......!
SMT y TNT showing this old without a trace??? guess that means sleep 
Watching the shittest futurama episode. 
In the ER right now, LaLa slit her ankle on a piece of glass while takin out the trash  Chores suck!! stand by for a pic~Britt n LaLa~
Restless once again!!  
On the set of Hollyoaks and it's pissing down  http://bit.ly/AuXUw
Conan backdrop a hoax  http://bit.ly/APgVa
that episode of oth that was just on t4 always makes me cry... 
has watched every episode of NCIS and now has nothing to do 
@ElizaPatricia Dollhouse appears on Emmy ballots in several categories.  Congrats to you! Didn't see all ballots.  Where is Tudyk?  #Emmys
@PatrikIanPolk  Now I remember.  Why' &quot;Desperate Housewives&quot; not make better use of AW, I do not know. 
Grey's Anatomy Season 5 Episode 19. *blub blub blub* Most emotional episode of the season perhaps 
I'm suppose to be watching my favourite drama but I'm still outside. 
oh my what am I going to watch while I have my dinner tonight...no BGT 
@fyCariad At least we've been told when the next Doctor Who special is, you'd think they could do the same for Torchwood! 
@FNC tell people to follow me again because I'm losing followers 
Watching Farscape, have eaten all the Timtams... no more left... all gone.. 
@ShannynB haha...cant believe I missed the last Conan 
@adrianajohnson Thanks love! But I don't think I got to show my full capabilities on Idol 
@bowwow614 i wanna slap The CW for cancelling my FAVORITE show ''The Game'' jerksss! smdh. 
TV-FOX firefox plugin allows to watch TV channels of several countries in the world.  I only regret that it is not available for linux. 
@theBrandiCyrus kidding me? i love The OC i watched it every day  im jealous now ^^
@amandaxrae @Spennynub I knooooow but I don't have Showtime  I don't have cable period.
@ginalee its raining in the OC right now 
I am watching Primeveal...last in the series 
@stalwartcom KUSI called me at 10:30 wanting to come out.When I told them that people were likely done walking, they changed their minds. 
Apprentice final tomorrow, although sad to hear it will be Maraget's last show 
TR @Umad80 LOL  You hoping he will answer if he will be on #LOST? Heard hes gonna be on another ABC show instead tho 
@CSI_PrintChick  girl me n C were tryna wake u up!
ER is making me cry. 
@Ainz90 u had to ruin it !!  pfft ok I don't watch ER but u never know! I might in the future.. lol
I absolutely &lt;3 sleeping in on saturdays. I gotta find something to keep the sharpie on my TBS shirt. I got a little chocolate on it, too 
Going to the movies with my mommy. She's dragging me to the new Nia Vardalos movie. At least I'm not paying. I gotta DVR the game though 
cried like a big baby while watching end of ER. v sad. what will i be like when it finishes for good?? BAHHHHH 
AHHH! I want BSG! But not working anymore 
kaname jun and yamamoto yusuke are in a new drama together! but maki is in it 
Hulu never posted   But on NBC they have the Patton Oswalt clip where he says &quot;balls&quot; 3 times to Coco's horror  http://tinyurl.com/md5v9c
@forensicmama We are so desperate for Bones news we are going back to season 3..how sad are we 
watching Idol before bed. Exhausted. 7 day work week is never fun.... 
Watching Smallville really don't like the title song 
i miss the aud     
@nmkmkik Me too!! I wonder which couple gets him? He needs to come back as a regular choreographer for the show  #SYTYCD
@evatweets @Cudlitz is packing, packing SUCKS so he's forgiven. EW, tweet me when you're home so I know you got there okay  I'll worrynow
this episode of criminal minds is so sad 
@CaptLola Aw, man. That just sounds so over the top tragic, like a Lifetime movie. 
@JJBadfish and I are in the top 5 of Survivor 5 Boroughs...e...I wish @shamrox was there too though 
@JJBadfish2 and I are in the top 5 of Survivor 5 Boroughs...e...I wish @shamrox was there too though 
yay @JJBadfish2 and I are in the top 5 of Survivor 5 Boroughs...e...I wish @shamrox was there too though 
Ms. Brokaw... please tell the girls I no longer have access to the web from work  so keep me company on twitter pppppppppppppplzzzzzzzzzz
my nephew hurt his head and is in the ER &amp; aunt kt is being an overprotective cry baby 
@banananne me too  at least we have on more episode.
@lionvenom  but it was Conan...
Turns out too much exercise is not good. So says the ER doc that diagnosed me with costochondritis this morning. It hurts 
EFFIN TNT mannn  score yuh goals nahhh 
http://twitpic.com/6sg38 - This is definitely not part of an ER trip bland diet  
my niece is in the ER. eesh! 
That drake and josh episode was heaps sad 
getting choked up watching Queer Streets on Logo. 
Is feeling neglected    I sooo need some TLC right about now!!
@jmbuckingham had to miss it for ER call  But hubby and kids thought it was wonderful
Vivica Fox was so pretty in this movie... before she f*cked up her face with all that damn surgery!! 
Saw the first peek into Nurse Jackie (Showtime),  but via Netflix.  I'm hooked...but I don't have Showtime   Any else hooked?
@Kaizersose86 keep me updated. I don't have Telemundo 
the more i watch the previously unreleased episodes of pushing daisies the more upset i get that it got cancelled 
TNT though. 
@_Telenovela I saw this message too late 
I love Pushing Daisies so sad it was cancelled...watching the second to last episode now. 
Crossfire didn't do very well today. We lost all 3 games. 
awwww the episode is over      it was funny, as always
No Conan tonight  What could they possibly air that is better than Conan!
@CSI_PrintChick do u heart starbucks girl ? 
@ElViejon ya i watched it on HBO a couple days ago, i dont know what the name it is but it was something on HBO also. 
@StaceRay Yes but I think HBO has different repertoire than US on our satellite TV  You mean Maher is on HBO? I miss Comedy Central 
is sad that I forgot to tape Pushing Daisies tonight.. guess I will have to wait until ABC uploads it online. 
I'm not watching SNL tonight idk y, I just don't feel like it 
is watching HGTV w/ hot black mango tea... trying to to quit it with these stupid panic attacks 
Pushing Daisies!!! the penultimate episode. :|    :[
@Violalovemclife yeah but it still feels different and great that you actually OWN the dvd lol. Ahh Argentines are so lucky to have them 
only one episode of pushing daisies left.  
Ah man I forgot JoBros were going to be on ESPN tonight and didn't get to watch it 
@matthewcperdue but SNL is all reruns for the whole summer now 
friggen missed SNL this week 
noo! I'm on a boat is on SNL! 
@Oprah im so jealous, i was in nyc in january and i wanted to see august more than anything! BUT i ran out of money... 
new drunkit + long car trip + friends = bad mood  ++ NCIS repeats this week 
PARNOOOO BGT!! I don't have any reason to leave  in the future.....
@DonnieWahlberg I hate LMN dammit i'm addicted to it  i cant help myself though
This SNL episode isn't good. 
told mom that my siblings might be thinking I don't take care of them as both mom &amp; dad have been in the ER in the past year. 
Time for a massive pile of ironing  Battlestar Galactica to keep me company though 
@hollymontag sorry to hear about heidi and what NBC has done to her.  disgusting! ive been praying that she finds strength through it all
doesnt want keith to die  ...might skip that episode out when it comes.
Hung over from hell   Supernatural ;) S 01
@isacullen ooooh series four is so good! i missed most of series five  i need to buy the boxset!
@matthewmoloney   WB!!! thought thats hwere ud gone 
Pretty sure my family hogged the TV tonight and I missed Bones.    it was gonna be a good episode too.   
@GiGGLESx912 well @FNC at least was. 
at animall medical center ER with a sick puppy. 
got to spend my morning in the ER.  my cat cut my eyelid with his back claw.  had to get a tetanus shot too 
@Hvhofficial awh i miss you boys.  can't wait for the 20th i believe  TLC 
missed CSI LV 
What? NO NCIS marathon today? *sigh* I am NOT happy fellow tweeters! 
@par2323 usually 2 days of DOOL is interrupted  
Aww, I miss having Spaced.  http://bit.ly/sPkpq
Here's &quot;lil digger's&quot; cousin - TNT's RaceBuddy http://twitpic.com/6u4lb   #nascar
@hannahvicedo Can you figure out what time is the replay of Oprah on hallmark channel? I missed it.  please
@CalvinSays yess, I am  I start tomorrow too! Abnormal Psych..woo
Working on tomorrow's newspaper is just not conducive to being surprised by tonight's Apprentice final      I'm saying nowt!
they should faster run satu season baru Entourage 
Opet. Radit  http://zrikka.com/Igor_Idol
BFD was okay, met the limousines, the offspring, 311 and stephan from anberlin, unfortunately didn't get to meet nate young or TBS 
 great.  I thinks Rags is sick.  This might mean a second ER vet visit this month.
@nerdboner Smallville withdrawal!!!!! I am with you. 
@ChrissyD13 I know! They should just bring it back. I know the actors have moved on and stuff but still...  ABC sucks.
The Scrubs finale has left me depressed. 
@xTwiggy muahaha. I'm about to leave...so I'll miss two episodes. 
Apprentice final tonight. All the tv series are coming to an end now 
@OfficialBB I hope Beinazir doesn't go!  and whyyy does it have to be on at the same time as The Apprentice you're hired? damnn
no more CSI, Numbers and Bones on Tv  only 24hours.. listening to song from migies-edition.com!!!!
@ThisisDavina The Apprentice is on till 11 isn't it 
logging off for tonight. The Bones convo's are waaaay too addicting! but gotta go  have a nice evening!
@jon_plus8_TLC I totally agree, sorry 
The Apprentice final soon, no idea who will in. After that its bed and my life of overtime begins. 
My liitle man is spending his 2nd birthday in the ER - broken collarbone 
** disappearing for the night to avoid seeing tweets about The Apprentice [t'missus won't be home till 11, bless him  ] ni ni **
Nearly time for The Apprentice final. I'm quite unexcited. 
@garryinnorfolk It's time for the Apprentice - shame no eye candy. 
@evedestroys i know how you feel. im taking CSI and CMA this month. CSI is kicking my butt. im horrible with computers. 
Cringing @ Apprentice 
I'm gutted! I don't think Yasmina will win now !  #Apprentice
@SelfEsteemKing ABC store closed.  (bible belt) http://myloc.me/2WRm
I haven't even bothered watching Apprentice since its been on 
I get to see my favorite toddler today! But it's under bad circumstances: his baby bro is in the ER for a high fever . 
Whooopah. Apprentice! I don't want either to win 
Nooooo I wanted Kate to win The Apprentice. 
not happy at The Apprentice winner!!  
not happy at The Apprentice winner!!   #apprentice
NOOOOOOOO! Mag must do The Apprentice next year! 
@Wossy  her and her eyebrows will be missed 
Is watching The Apprentice on iPlayer XD gutted there's no more James 
Apprentice is a farce! So guna fail me history paper 2moro 
@Wossy - she will be missed 
Apprentice 2009 is over 
@miriamstaley I want too but I'm 18 so too old for junior but not enough experience for The Apprentice 
MARGRET!!  That woman made the show for me, omg!! &lt;3 #Apprentice
TNT has the worst NASCAR coverage ever. I can't believe they even get to do it.I miss you NASCAR on FOX Boogity Boogity Boo hoo 
Just been catching up on the Apprentice final, bloody second in the office sweeps, damn 
My evening so far: big headache-must be thunder coming, Apprentice-why oh why do I waste 11 weeks for a hamster to be given the job  boooo
@QueenB_212 @lalavazquez your moy is so sick on her bday  high fever I think I might take her to the ER
@vctrryn I used to watch Dollhouse but then I forgot about it  It wasn't my favorite.. it had a pretty cool concept though.
Laying in the ER trying to figure out what is wrong with me! 
I am so behind on reading Otalia fic.  
@yaneri LOL well it's on ABC in the states so I hope you get it on magic need loads of love twitter is full of lakers fans 
Supernatural me faz falta, Carry on my wayward son, there'll be peace when you are done 
On my way to Farmville, can't believe I'm missing the Tonys 
@tyl_ER not yet...when it comes out in september   you just bought one?
@track7grrl It's not on my CBS. 
@Lowjacker twitter top trends pisses me off. Oprah and the other tv celebs totally ruined twitters vibe. 
@yellowxbirddd even stevens was the best, but i dont remember that episode 
@EricaRattana I love Weeds!!!! But I don't have Showtime nemore 
Somehow only just found out that Reaper got cancelled. There goes the one show I watched on the CW. 
@Talialiaxoxo96 no i missed the episode 
the volume on HBO isn't working 
If only NPH wasn't gay 
#tivofail Tivo didn't record F1 because it's on Fox this week. Can't make any new season pass see Fox shows, only Speed. Fox for 3 races 
watching Entourage and reading up on some marketing stuff. picking out an outfit for my first day. gotta get dressed up for work noww 
@bucketreviews i usually watch the Tudors on showtime, but my favorite wife was killed off last season so i've haven't been tuning in 
@judiee i did follow Alias for some time on AXN eons ago. I can barely remember details tho  but i have all the x-files seasons&amp;episodes!
@pornobobbie I'm broke. I don't know what to do  OC won't buy my ticket
Watching Slumdog Millionaire for the third time, maybe i should learn how to recite it word for word? bored 
Blockbuster can suck it. Who freaking closes at 10pm and also, wrong season of the Tudors 
Long day. 6 hour ride home, then got serious stomach pain &amp; went to the ER. Home now, without pain, but not b4 I puked my guts out. 
@valerie2776 was NPH on a talk show or something? And I missed it 
@nelliscentral very true but I don't have cable so I'm stuck listening to it on the radio until it hits NBC 
@brwneyedbratbry sorry honey.  I think u need some TLC. I made it home.
thomas &amp; i are going to OC this weekend, but not under the circumstances i would like 
OC..then sleep to start another week of class 
@imtiffanyterror remember how we were gonna watch Bridezillas tonight? i forgot about it and didnt watch it.  i suck.
just checked my voice mail - my grandma is in the ER for high blood pressure. Last I heard she was doing fine, but now I can't reach them 
@mauvegrrl only the first 4 episodes 
so...if NPH was the host...then why did that voice over lady do a lot of the talking tonight?  
@Lemuss yes barbara told me but i haven't watched it, im like on episode 20 
Is greatful I survived, because the person next to me in the ER wasn't so lucky     
I didn't make it through the best episodes of the Degrassi marathon  dang sleep is tapping me on the shoulder. ZzzzzZZZZzzzzZz
I wish my parents would go to sleep so I can watch my DVRed programs on their TV 
is relaxing, watching the Mentalist with @MyCakesRock before bed, have work tomorrow 
im about to explode into tears seeing my friend's pictures of GMA; she was so close! 
@kimfrancesca I missed it too! I don't have HBO  I'm going to have to find a site to watch it.
@Rushmmmore Episodes four and five of what? And I love you too, bestie!&lt;33 I miss you. 
@sweeetnspicy awww i'm so sorry  i watched sonny with a chance of dating just now lol. that ep never gets old haha
Pissed I don't get HBO- missing true blood 
first day of 'term two' over, media was good and forensics was alright, watched CSI... some kid threw yoghurt at us at lunch... 
@OneNil awesome! i'm watching dramas now. so sad. 
no full episodes of discovery channel shows 
@CalebHowe p.s. Is true blood any good? I haven't looked into HBO since big love went on hiatus 
wishing I had HBO cause true blood is on I am missing it 
how sad. the new WEEDS episode isnt until tomorrow 
Enough tears on MasterChef thanks      ***sniff sniff***
@3GMA you have the flu? 
Awww #iremember when JT was still alive on Degrassi! 
Oh no! I don't want anyone eliminated from Masterchef! 
@Delphinum There are no Wilkos here. 
oh Farscape how I miss you 
:O morgana! this episode of merlin is great xD only one more after this though 
:o WTF! I just missed Scrubs! And I thought last week was the final? 
I didn't last 60 seconds into Scrubs finale without crying....I'm so lame 
The last episode of scrubs was really sad 
watching Desperate Housewives. Eadie dies tonight not happy about it  she is the only one that comes out with the best calls its hilarious
watching Desperate Housewives. Edie dies tonight not happy about it  she is the only one that comes out with the best calls its hilarious
Divine calm shower gel-nya TBS bnr2 mantafff! Nyesel deh beli travel size doang 
also. 1. dad wont let me open lvatt til my birthday  2. go lakers! (H) and 3. BGT tonight yay!
Desperate Housewives is so intense..... i dont want Edi to die 
@RMocilnikar how was it? I don't hace HBO anymore 
Nearllllly finished season 2 of The OC, i don't wanna watch threeee, its too sad 
Castiel you prick get off my Supernatural  No Angels allowed.
@AtlantaJJ Lots of rampant speculation, but takes weeks to do toxicology tests. CSI has spoiled people for instant results. 
http://twitpic.com/7gptz - Megaupload is being homophobic  lol (via @Caprica)
Aw shoot, that means I'm going to miss ANTM and 90210 today 
feeling so miserably sick.  I don't know what's wrong with me.  Hopefully I don't end up going to the ER. 
@fergyk0416 That sucks. When you showed your Idol pass, I thought this was possibly your big break. I'm sorry to hear it. 
@Heyashleyhey yeah. But i only got to watch one episode.  Haha.
@xgfan http://twitpic.com/7ghla - lol wow are we invested or what?! Aww I see Otalia on me phone..I miss u guys 
@niftypixels I cant wait til it hits torrents as well haha. No HBO at my joint 
@DeannaElaine06 I'm hoping that NBC decides to order more episodes eventually. Or someone else. As of now, it's essentially cancelled. 
TWC free HBO ends today.  And I think the jerks got me. I might have to order HBO. I'll give it a week and see if I still feel the same.
 last episode of buffy always makes me cryy
@hornedrims #LIFE is such a good show and NBC sucks!!! plus The Unusuals ends with this last show 
just got back from the ER 
Bummed!...would be watching the season of Survivor I missed in Scotland, but stupid CBS hates me and took the full episodes down 
jus came back from the ER.... and i have kidney strones 
#iremember The ending of the Bones Season 4 finale  'who are you?' I mean c'mon are you trying to make me break down ?
@sunkitty7 Season 2 - Amazing wonderful! And then Season 3!! Jackzilla is too young to be Buffy friendly yet  have to sneak in viewings...
@KnowJR I didn't see you on AMC today.  That sucks. 
is heart broked..  .. first warrick.. then grissom.. !!! i dunno i can watch any more episodes of CSI..
@michellexhannah I don't have it. I only get to watch GSN when we have it as a free digital preview. 
I'm watching #terminator TSCC, striped on UK TV. So much better than Dollhouse.  I miss these people, this show 
still havent got round to watching Supernatural 
@gofortyz did it?! I wish I had HBO!!!!!!  you know if I can watch it online??
$@*$!!##?!! OOWriter, I do *want* the *French* Spelling , please don't switch back to english everytime !! 
@ohhmelodies I wish I was at home watching Degrassi instead of school  What episode is it?
the greatest tv-show ever is over!  i can't stop crying! nothing will ever beat ER.
watching some old episodes of csi.. i miss grissome!  
@Chorazin I'm just now figuring out that you're shutting down the EARF cast.  *sniffle*
mom's at the ER. Babysitting. woo. 
@thejoshuablog yeah, it's ridiculous. Also, we've been w/o Palin/Letterman drama all weekend and now its coming back 
big bang and himym reruns ftw. then it will have to be the final episode of firefly  since the last episode was a huge cliffhanger!
@Emmy56    sorry. I still have a whole online class that i havent even started!
@angelkfrost7 would be proud! Started watching the Bachelorette with @KatieTorres, but now I have to get some needed work done 
@Islavu I don't have HBO 
is bored... no new oth eps to watch 
Power just had a hiccup, takes about five minutes for DVR to reboot.  Was watching new Phineas &amp; Ferb on XD and recording I'm a Celeb. 
@austinburns HIMYM is just as good. Hulu doesn't work over here  but I've found HIMYM season 4 to tide me over ...
@Sheindie I sadly won't be there!   They're the one in NC, I think. Not NBC Heroes.
Checking out &quot;Smallville&quot;... Finished &quot;Dexter&quot; today 
Looonnnnng day of camp and 69 more to go!! Now iM at rehearsal for SNL! Miss'n the mister! 
I had a severe reaction to the antibiotics for the spider bite that sent me back to the ER 
Entourage's new season just started on HBO, that and true blood.. Missed the season premier of Weeds.. 
@khalnath I hope you're right about Americans, but I worry we may only care when there's enough drama to be more interesting than cable. 
I'm really bummed that the DVR just decided not to record The Bachelorette tonight... 
Dammit, Tanner is still here  #Bachelorette
I'm watching Dateline while attempting to pack for my big move. I should've started earlier so I wouldn't be so overwhelmed 
@darlingnikki08 @tommytrc I'm great!! just missing my computer  should I try out for the Bachelor? miss tweeting w u both!
#BRINGBACKLIFE Fans and #TSCC wanna vote for your shows on http://bit.ly/19Sitg tubey awards..I had a hard time 
@Rosenbergradio it's not the first time Trump is on the show. 
@MichelleyM I like Conan! But I don't like sushi  well, I don't think I do. I've never tried it, but I have no desire to either.
Watching Bones realizing how much I miss angel  I heart you david boreanaz
I miss my Versus 
wishing I had Showtime. I missed Weeds tonight 
@soulofayoungman Pretty sure I've only seen 2 1/2 seasons of Weeds thus far 
watching the final episode of pushing daisies. 
no more &quot;little boxes&quot; in the Weeds opening...? 
@pwrdbykimchi I wish I had HBO 
@emmahumphreys, i am supposed to tell you that @heyalyssa22 wants you to follow her! And, i missed SYTYCD last week!  i'm so upset!
So much for BSG tonight... 
Gee, one problem solved yet another spawned: CBS 2.1 is now BIA after update from MS.  ABC 7.1 is coming in too weak4my pc = LOST  record.
pissed this spongebob episode won't load 
Why does my wife like the Bachelorette so much? 
I forgot to tape The Closer tonight.    I just watched the season premiere again on TNT.tv.
damn itttttttttttttttttttttttttt! i missed an episode of the nanny... 
No more free HBO 
one tree hillll! this episode is soooo sad 
Oprah's doing makeovers on her show. I wanna make over. 
Fireworks all done   They were loud...I couldn't hear Bones over the noise. 
@GloriaCampos I wish I saw it. I stopped traveling for work, and with that went my free HBO at the hotel 
@Scott_T2112 I watch SNL but they're not that funny anymore!  I watch Mad TV too...and they're funnier than SNL most of the time......
I love the Bachelorette but it makes my eyeballs hurt watching for the full 2 hr show - way too long - even w/ fastforward! 
Cheaters suck. 
Scrubs just got interupted 
goodbye Ed on the Bachelorette ! 
@ItsTheBee ahhhh *switches it on* did i miss Conan? i def. missed Conan 
gonna go to school now- ER... no school- but BJS - that's not much better.... 
@CJBlaze There will be no new series after series 3 
Just finished watchin Degrassi (I'm an addict) and now about to finish up this essay that's due tomorrow. Hippie!!! J/K 
@hiddenstar13  its new episodes as well.
Aww myspace has got maintanance  However you spell it haha. ANTM + Dollhouse tonight yo !
Aww myspace has got maintanance  However you spell it haha. ANTM + Dollhouse tonight!
That was one sad episode  a desperate luffy and utterly defeated
@Burto1980 you disgust me  &amp; you're my only twitter follower too!  ready to watch TBS2E1 again, but nobody's here &gt;.&lt;
@Wossy hating the hayfever  nothing seems to work for it!!
Ah... havent watched TBBT for a long time now  wens the nxt season/epi coming?
#Masterchef - I'm watching them cook all these good deserts and then I go and put my waffles in the toaster ha 
@Wossy evening, help! dunno what with, but i cant work as not in mood 
Eurgh, trying to get free Xfactor tickets but it seems so are a lot of people and the website keeps timing oooouuuuut 
NCIS is not as riviting as I would have hoped for tonight 
@Thewie72 oh not fair for you!  got myself 1st series Supernatural and enjoy it! and saw last epi of S7 of Smallville on C4 last sun... xx
Primetime. ASTV rtsp stream breaking up  Sigh.
Everwood Season 2 is out on DVD today. Too bad I can't afford it 
Watching the last episode of Fringe. I need season 2... NOWWWW 
@mamaSOPHA aw! feel better.. i hate when the kids get sick.. i was always in the ER when devin would get sick!  jordans sick rt now, boo.
an ER visit would have been a bad way to start the day 
good morning! im hungry LOL. i waked up early to watch @ashleytisdale on GMA, but of course.. i missed it 
My poor baby...ER with a bad allergic reaction 
on my way to the ER  
Desperate Housewives was sad.. 
still watching scrubs.... last episode now 
Is so sick  on the train heading home to the doctor and a little TLC....
working til midnight in the ER 
Has anyone else realized that there are only four episodes of #HarpersIsland left?! It makes me sad.  #harpersglobe
@kristenlubbe love that SATC movie. although the majority of it is so very very painful. 
I called time warner cable and talked them into giving me $5 off per month and 20+ channels. but I couldn't swing free HBO 
time for OLTL and i cant watch 
Awh my poor jacob  going to the ER.
watching the soaps.. tired and bored 
@soapsindepthcbs *sigh* thank you for reminding me why ATWT is an ex-fave now despite having watched it since 1988 
no Torchwood this week i guess  send me a link if u find out otherwise
I'm afraid of episode 10 
@shianne517 More so on Spaced than anything else! I think it's the beard. Not so much any more...10 years on and he has aged dreadfully 
@smoooothjazz i havent seen any new episodes of jandk plus 8 but i hear totes sad 
@FOX4 when will ur links work again? 
CSI is on 10mins. 2 eps left  no more csi, heroes, and ashes to ashes to help out the rubbish summer tv. JONAS needs to start soon!!!
@ZombieNicholas is that a good show? I really want to watch it but I don't have HBO 
I have just returned from hell of a day, spent in ER as a caretaker or was it a just nightmare...result a fractured femur 
aw I miss the OC 
Having to take your dog to the ER after what started as nice walk also helps put things into perspective 
@mollydollyy i hope it will be on youtube... because i dont have HBO 
@JaniceOCG Hip me to WEEDS, I'm not aware 
went to the ER...i sliced my finger at work....  
@McFlyingGirl aww...you fell off your bed??  i sorry....my mom has Oprah on...*eye roll*
@earthmorgan I tried Journeyman - liked lead actor, but others were weak - it had potential, but studios never give a show chance anymore 
Bad day in the ER. 
Megan Fox looked amazing at the Transformers 2 premiere... shame I was 300miles away and missed it! 
so upset Jorja Fox didnt win &quot;sexiest vegetarian 2009&quot; i SO wanted her to win this year i vote a billion times! 
@rdang haha ikr? i'm so sad, we don't have TV anymore so i have to wait to dl SYTYCD episodes 
@laurarenee whaat lauraleii i didnt know you didnt like bridgeview   and i just watched so much CSI its sickening
watching last episode of shameless in series 
has done nothing but watched TLC all day @_stephiemarie I miss you toooo and gummie bears 
Someone poisoned the bunny that my dog got a hold of and now he's in the doggy ER 
@TVGuide You didn't even correct my assumption that Michael Vartan was on HawthoRNe. 
@Geek4eva no joke i looooove SVU just dont have time to watch it ever  plus no cable at the casa!!
Cubs game rained out  watching a newly discovered channel with the fam called Noggin, thanks @HoosierBD - jacks at 10 is set to record!!
Going to the ER with Logan...pulled his dresser over and smashed his fingers. 
@rudyclassic the series?? i never watched it before 
...   ......Degrassi doesnt come on @ midnight this week...it comes on @ 7 in the morning...ugh!now ill have nothing to watch
@vivrant_thang I didn't ask b/c I thought you were still on the mentioned hiatus. 
@TiaMowry http://twitter.com/iamdiddy/status/1996373862 I have a question...why did the CW cancel the game??? I am so disappointed 
missing housewives finale because i am sooo exhausted 
@VictoriaLynnnn loooove trhonj ! I missed the last episode 
NCIS!!!!!!! awww...yet no elizabeth! 
@strawz DAWWH I'm missing out on the drama 
XBOX Live is down today  No Weeds Season five from Netflix
@jonathanlumang I don't care. I must watch the entire episode. 
@hawthornholly : The only have episodes 8-12 
finishing laundry and watching SVU, blah...missing my boys 
Dollhouse is still standing, but it looks like the Reaper visited Reaper.  
@johncabrera I'd love join in on all the #SYTYCD-FDL fun. Alas, we are only at the audition stage here in Oz 
well crap. i was wrong about SYTYCD being on tonite 
After GMA, who's next? I wish not to become an apathetic citizen but I'm starting to feel helpless. 
I'm on the 4th Episode of Fringe - it's making me sad, poor doctor, he's just misunderstood. 
I feel like I'm missing out... not watching Real Housewives. 
Watched a sad-ending episode of NCIS and then a sad-ending episode of Friends. Feeling kinda blue now 
8 more episodes and The OC would've had 100. 
@jchinn84 seriously.   *rewatches episode to see how meredith reacted to gizzie*
I love Starz on demand. I watched Bring it on, HSM3, and PEnelope today!  I have to go back to chores tomorrow though, boo. 
I miss jay leno        Conan isn't Cutting it
Watching Roseanne and playing brickbreaker on my brick of a cell phone... Id rather be at the hospital with abbey 
@paperships Refuse what? A OC-only account? 
I miss Supernatural 
Trying to watch ANTM on the train but the reception is too sporadic 
@Wossy it's pissing doon up ere 
@Wossy sunny my arse,gonna piss down today!and I was gonna cut the garden!  haha
I forgot to set #timeteam to record on ABC2 and it was one I haven't seen before.  
OUCH!  my foot went really bad.. Yesterday to the ER.. x-rays but no awser   i cant have this right now.. im graduating! 
watching Degrassi on the N. missing drake on here 
@Wossy it's not sunny wer iam  u lucky so n so
@innuendogirl !! I love it so much! Such a good show! Season 2 in 3 months! I find it so hard to find HQ pics of Dollhouse though 
I'm missing MasterChef again 
the night i actually watch #MasterChef @DrJavaBeans disappointment 
Geez i wish i was at this years WSOP, watching Masterchef just isn't the same 
i really wanna know who's supporting TBS noww  they post blogs like 20 times a day and it keeps exciting me for nothing!
@Wossy but its not sunny here 
Hrmm, Chaser would be  on soon if it wasn't suspended  &lt;k
tired of the drama 
@MTcoffinz I wish I had HBO--I can't watch any of those shows 
Twiglets and CSI season 9... its so sad 
watching Law &amp; Order: SVU old episode  the new one finished and i was too busy making my coffee 
today no volleyball practice  wohooo so I can watch Grey's, Private Practice and ER ... but wanna have volleyball more 
watching true blood. the first nine episodes on HBO on demand are gone!!  but i'm still gonna watch it. missing rickey.
thinks that @Wossy should give Matthew Fox a kiss for me since I can't do it myself  tehe
CW's &quot;Reaper&quot; officially canceled  
i spent my nite in the ER. I was bein nosy an a 4x4 fell on head.. it hurts alot!  
@TheSpoilerGirl Im not happy with the CW fall schedule! I think Smallville should've stayed on Thursdays! 
@mediahunter the lack of Chaser is awful 
Oh Bones, when are you coming back? 
@1capplegate so upset about it! It is such a great show &amp; you did an excellent job!  It will be missed. ABC cancelled all my favs! 
is pissed and pissed off cos Ponderland isn't on @rustyrockets is not here 
@asskicker CW dropped it and the only way it would be picked up would be without the writers or the budget, so they let it die. 
@Frassington nope! Cuz I'm watching season 1 too. Haha It just finished DL.. I don't gots HBO or SHOwtime 
Just reading that all four judges are returning to American Idol next year.  That's a relief.  Wouldn't have been able to sleep otherwise 
I'm kind of bummed that I haven't been watching Real Housewives of NJ. They sound fun! I don't think we have Bravo in the Boro, though. 
People are still talking about the Palin/Letterman thing? Ah geez 
'Transformers 2' is (are?) truly unwatchable. Even CGI-friendly Megan Fox won't make this ride any better. Even the press conf was dull. 
Izzie has another tumour... 
sad that everyone is buying fb tix and im not  but really excited for SYTYCD with amanda and amy tonight!!!!
where is my #SYTYCD latest ep?! 
@theonetoveseen I LOVE Kings. I'm so sad it got canceled.  NBC sucks!
Case of the fake people by TLC is stuck in my head. Cah-lassic ish rite there. I'm so mad I don't have it on my phone 
WTFFF this isn't Desperate Housewives! 
I'm a Degrassi addict now  I love Canadians!
Currently under tooo much stress gonna watch some Supernatural episodes to lift my spirit (no pun intended) loosing my job after 9 years 
@Bones_Fans That sucks! 
Aah seasonal finale of The Mentalist!!! 
@Playboy I would sure have hoped that  some 'teaser' pics of @OliviaMunn's photo set would have been posted ... 
Footage from Fire Letterman &quot;protest&quot; more pathetic and sad than ridiculous and funny. 
@SCIFI_channel hopefully, have to wait and see if I have control of the tv, doubt it 
i watching VH1 alone 
 no Otalia today, but yeahhhhhhhhhh tomorrow
watching iCarly with dean from wwop! but his name is toader  not quite as attractive...but still pretty attractive &lt;33
I have the last Pushing Daisies on my Tivo and I don't wanna watch it.  If I watch, then it's really over.  
So I'm pretty much feeling like getting a Bachelor's was the worst idea EVER. Should have gotten experience instead 
trying to rewatch some Degrassi but the thingy isn't working 
watching last nights RHONJ on DVR. sending out a newsletter to cxl tomorrow's Saratoga Mama picnic because of rain  boo
@BUFFY2K have your tried www.pyramidcollection.com ? They've got a gorgeous ivory gown but I can't link it. don't know how. 
@Playboy I would, but you didn't provide a link 
@celestronica  missed u last night at Kimmel. 
Rainy day  catching up on episodes of NCIS (:
Again the weather breaks into Celebrity Survivor! I can't who for losing! 
I don't think she looked very comfy though  #SYTYCD
Heartbroken that The Unusuals finale is tonight  I hate ABC,cancel a decent show but keep crap like Wipeout on the air!  #savetheunusuals
what the heck is wrong with Wipeout tonight?! I can hear the music but not there voices! 
I wish I was watching Degrassi... 
im starting to get annoyed by Mythbusters 
I'm not feeling tonight's episode of SYTYCD at all 
Falling asleep during a Bones marathon is not a good idea, bad dreams to come for sure 
Why must this episode NCIS be so sad? 
Watching NCIS at my mom's-too bad my baby hormones make me want to cry over silly not-that-sad things. 
@tlacook I double-checked IMDb to spell his last name and I couldn't believe how little work he's had since Alias. 
Missed the beach today  Now the cables out which means no Charmed!
Why the hell don't I own &quot;Strictly Ballroom?&quot;  It's the sort of movie I get a sudden, pining need to watch, but I don't OWN it... 
Thunderstorms from 8-9 and the power grid laughs in it's face. Peace and quit from 9-10 and power goes out the last 10min of SYTYCD!!! 
Watching SYTYCD, wishing I was with my hubby 
@glwerner I wish we could be watching SYTYCD together. 
@irrationallogic Just logged in. Hitched with my mom coming in to the office; hence I was late. 
@TheEllenShow I don't have TBS (nor can I get it here in Canada) 
I am so incredibly annoyed at the rain ruining my tv tonight-SYTYCD ruined by interference &amp; I'm a Celebrity preempted by weather reports 
I am so incredibly annoyed at the rain ruining my tv tonight-SYTYCD ruined by interference &amp; I'm a Celebrity preempted by weather reports 
I really wish the CW would put the repeats back on their website...I've missed all of season 2 
I wish The Unusuals wasn't cancelled. 
SYTYWHAT??  @DubOhSeven I'm sad. SYTYCD isn't motivating me like they used to
@joshgroban Isn't Chess supposed to be on PBS tonight?????  Its not here....
Disgusting. CBS4 news says that cat serial killer was interviewed early in investigation, and he had scratches as from struggling cats. 
wants to watch SYTYCD already...but Hawaii still needs to wait 2 more hours 
Uverse has been out bunches since we got it this afternoon &amp; went out twice during SYTYCD - not happy  !
@haikumama We're getting FOX on our cheapy antennae + digital box set up . . . but SYTYCD is over for the night 
@candacecbure Can you believe we don't get ABC family on our local cable?? 
is going to Aussie Idol filming for top 40 this afternoon, as an audience member &amp; in civilian clothing 
I just got home from ER with mom. I guess @mightyv2000 is still at ER 
i can't believe i missed SYTYCD tonight. 
SYTYCD...not as impressive as last week 
@foomanizer i disagree with the judges!  i thoroughly enjoyed the routine. and jason is fabulous. lol [/biased opinion perhaps] #SYTYCD
Tornado warnings mean our DVR didn't get the last half of SYTYCD.    #fb
@KJPOOHBEAR77 the new episode might b on next. this one is the one were pop died 
 No more FOX for me.
We watched 7 episodes of Entourage... 5 more to go 
@summerblonde83 re: Conan, I have no idea...no TV for me 
@sarabeth13137 I had PBS issues for a while too 
@jamieroyer the tivo recorded all black screen.  Ever since the switch, it doesn't seem to pick up the Fox signal. suck.
In the ER with a friend 
@rycera  I'm sure he'll be ok, he's at the ER right now. The triage line I had him call said he should go immediately... 
i am legend was on todae....4:00 on HBO2 nd i missed it 
@kenao A few different things. I had been hoping to smash a trip to the Fox in between, but it isn't working out. Really bummed 
@akraut No, I don't think we're going anymore because gf's friend is in the ER 
Sitting in the ER with Wen.  
just finished watching SYTYCD... wish i was on the show 
the novela was goooooooooood. just 2 episodes left 
Sitting in the ER lobby and hoping the tops of my toes won't have to be cut off  Ouchie!
If I fall asleep minutes before Conan again that would be too sad  btw, what a cool name. really only he could pull it off though
Just watched &quot;The Unusuals&quot; for the first time. LOVED IT. I just found out it was cancelled 
bad day getting worse - my mom is now on her way to the ER again 
I hate having to choose between conan and Colbert  darn you NBC!!
@paulbrislen Except it got cancelled before the series finished 
sitting on the couch watching Fox with a torn ligament  not cool
Ugh! Supernatural withdrawal! NOOO! 
@Wossy good luck to him! I remember my mocks.......didn't revise 
@Wossy yes yes yes yes yes! its hard enough having them for 18 years of your life  lol
Gamu-gamos are everywhere  They're freaking me out.
im wondering is @rustyrockets Ponderland will ever show its wise and wonderful face again  life just doesnt seem right without it
2 Hours left, with 9 hours of Episode 2 writing left to do...I should really get off of here 
i miss my cast. 
now off to listen to Birmo on ABC Nightlife at 10 - &amp; regretting the earlier vegie dig 
a news announcer at work is displaying severe symptoms of swine flu &amp; has just admitted herself into the ER.we all use the same studio.. 
I tried my hardest to stay up, but I fell asleep before Conan even started. 
Gibbs sounds like a child... &quot;Kill those bugs...NOW!&quot;. He's so worried  #NCIS
Thinks the two hip hop groups and the tango group on SYTYCD will be bottom three tonight.... 
@myhonast Yessss but I'm only on season one, and HBO just took them off OnDemand so now I can't finish watching them 
Regis&amp;&amp;kelly. Only kellys not there 
@Wossy it doesn't always look like that 
I want to be back in OC 
Degrassi got me crying, he was trying so hard 
bout to watch some Weeds w/o weed...shucks 
And then I was gonna watch The first season of &quot;The Tudors&quot; on Netflix but its not working 
is watching the episode of Degrassi where Manny finds out she's pregnant 
@tyrashow what time and channel does tyra come on bc I watched it everynight at 12 and 1 on Oxygen but now it doesn't come on anymore 
Watching V for Vendetta in WB. I think u need a MBA dude to translate half of what &quot;V&quot; is saying 
@missandree i want to see the show but we don't have HBO  
I'm in bed watching Hollyoaks.not feeling v well 
@feliciaday ...but where can hungarian fans see that dollhouse episode? 
Eastenders is soo boring now! 
@jennettemccurdy And how are you? We're worried, are you not on iCarly anymore? 
upset i had to leave in the middle of SYTYCD i was tryna get all ov @kingofkrump words,so i can use them to build my vocabb!  womp.
@adamkmiec I settle for terrible reality TV when LOST is not on the air  Plus, you have to love Speidi shenanigans
@anatty The OC is awesome, I miss it  It started over in here, so season one is on.
don't forget to check out SYTYCD tonight. so many great dancers... *sigh* we hate eliminations 
I hope I don't become ill. If I get a bloody fever, I've got to go to the ER to make certain it's not malaria 
@CraveOnline booo! 
I think Oprah and an extremely negative show 
so you think you can dance caught on to surfthechannel streaming the episodes 
I really cannot work whilst watching SATC  haha
Thing I hate most about parenting -- feeling helpless other than TLC when my kids r sick 
@pad4651 download them, tis worth it, seen them all and I want the new season  TSCC got cancelled :'(
@lexalicious I need to re-download it all as I lost all the eps I had 
I want to watch Skins......................................................... 
*texts @NCIS_DiNozzo* What are you up to? I'm bored down here, doing mindless work for other teams 
#inaperfectworld &quot;The Wire&quot; would still be on HBO 
i can't wait for the season 9 of Smallville 
awe, so sad. this is the last episode ever of fraiser, then no mas  I need a new series. suggestions?
*texts @NCIS_Abbysciuto* still stuck with fbi. almost all files restored, but i still have to rebuild the firewall!!! 
@Playboy I think all the girls were hott in different ways, I totally missed out on this dream casting call 
@Playboy I think all the girls were hott in different ways, I totally missed out on this dream casting call 
gonna tweet the shit out of RHONJ tonight too. please don't hate me 
is back on night schedule... aka... being a day behind watching Conan... 
After reading @dizzyfeet and @adammshankman's tweets... I'm kind of afraid to watch SYTYCD tonight. 
ok, now what the hell is SYTYCD???  i'm startin to feel MADDDD old yo...not cool 
Ughhh, I really don't want to watch these results.  #SYTYCD
#inaperfectworld bonking chicks on the head with a club &amp; dragging them home would've never gone out of style. Cavemen had it so awesome 
Just when I thought it was all over and there would be no more  but wait, UNSEEN footage of the RHONJ dinner drama!!!
SYTYCD bottom 3 tonight is horrible. 
This is a hard choice tonight, unfortunately there has to be a bottom 3 couples on SYTYCD, 
@c2s are you watching SYTYCD? this girl? it's PAINFULLY obvious that she's lipsynching  i mean, @ this point don't even pretend &gt;.&lt; blah
Disappointed at the female eliminated. The blonds were both MEH, at least she had personality.  #SYTYCD
   No no no. Tonight goes on the books as the worst SYTYCD results show.
Such a tough decision on SYTYCD tonight 
RHONJ was horrifically trashy, SYTYCD was sad - i liked max  now i'm exhausted, so going to bed! math &amp; history finals tomorrow.
@paulandstorm why couldn't you have a 5 hour layover about a month from now?  txting Shatner now
I really want the theme of Skins for ringtones 
Wrong guy got sent home on #SYTYCD tonight. Agree with the girl, but not the guy. 
@Showtime10 I want a rain poncho... I didn't know u sold them ... I would of so got one tonight 
Last bible study tonight.  -Danno
Thankful to be in the ER, but the night is going by pretty slowwww and I think I did something to my back. 
@JakeBrescia definitely Psych. Monk is a close second, too bad this will be it's last season. 
SYTYCD was good. It's raining like crazy in Virginia... 
i have a headache   ..hope my guy dsnt go home on SYTYCD because my last guy did.lol
Gah! Missed The Listener on CTV cuz I thought it was later on than it really was. Now I have to wait until 11:00 to watch it on NBC 
Jezebel is always breaking my things.  There goes my glass nail file...
@j_claflin too bad CW didn't give #Reaper an ending it so rightfully deserve 
I'm a bit under the weather, need some TLC 
Tonight.....my heart is a little broken so it needs a little TLC it's ben a rough night  
@cantlivewithout is this season's past eppies for SYTYCD anywhere online? this is killing me missing them. 
i wish i could go back in time to when i had never seen Battlestar Galactica before. And then start it all over again. best show ever. 
@twoflukes I'm a complete jackass for spoiling the SYTYCD results. It was completely accidental and I obviously wasn't thinking clearly! 
They're sending my girl crush home on SYTYCD.... 
So disappointed  with SYTYCD decision. I think Max should have stayed and send Kupono home.  
too much sadness on SYTYCD  
I'm sorry    TBS on sat!!!
Watching Conan. Early day tomorrow. 
@cantinera she was really good  #SYTYCD
awww..  i almost got interviewed on GMA a while ago at school. booo! 
I'm disappointed with who was voted off SYTYCD tonight...  
@GiulianaRancic TLC destroyed their lives... as we all sat on our couches and watched. 
@ryanmoreriot BGT!hah?nmbak gw jls ditrma?mksdna?huaaa gk bsa say.mslhna dy first love gw 
@shamrox  You know, I don't think I ever read the entire series
Just getting home from the ER with my son...wat a llooonnnggg night...&amp; i gotta get up in a few hrs!! 
@philkirby and the nudity...don't forget that  i watch old episodes online and realize how ripped off i was a child !
@luckygnahhh what's wrong baby?  maybe you should go to the ER
@Mackrellious @alansuspect  Psychoville was class! I wanted to watch the next one but I couldn't find a red button on my remote 
@demonbaby I seriously can not comprehend anyone hurting their OWN child. 
@muzzychuck I obviously watch too much TV because I thought this was Scrubs related 
@NxEW   it keeps linking the podcast on this page keeps playing Episode 4 (which is very good!)... where can I find episode 10? #nxew
young!Shatner was such a bamf, why did he age? 
@yat4ever - I regularly watch the CSI shows...I like the writing. Nothing that interesting on the networks these days   Hate Reality TV!
@FionaMacGyver I saw the very last episode, he ended up getting caught by the dog catcher. At the end of the episode they put him down 
@ThisIsRobThomas can i still send in q's to VH1 or did i miss the cut-off? 
ugh, work!  mall later...hopefully. moms going to the ER. so takin care of the kids :/
@jenna_jean I see Regis!  whats the name of the show they're on?
@yer__mum too late competition over  I have reserved a Reaper code for you, no worries. I'd &lt;3 a Home gamesave with the Penthouse, plzzz!
I just found out Megan Fox has toes for thumbs. This as you can imagine, is going to ruin my Transformers 2 experience  http://is.gd/16ixy
apparently did not get up early and am deff packing stuff into storage instead of shopping  at least i have TBS tonight!
Degrassi marathon on mtv yess!! Paper to write yes 
i work 12 hour shifts in a busy ER and then it takes me sooo long to catch up on sleep 
@THEEdarinbrooks What are you doing know that you are not on DOOL? 
My stuff is missing in my OWN room! Who could have done that~ Pls return it to me...Pls~ 
@sohmer Caan i has yer old one? did you have an old one? I want an iphone  :p
feels like the longest day everr. was in the ER at 2 am  i'm exhausted
@Zakupilot256 It's honestly that bad?  I feel I must play it, though. I love the series.
Loves Arctic Fox, and misses her already!  &lt;3
@hotforwords I ordered 2 @iJustine t-shirts from District Lines, and I never got them 
@_OC I was being a bit to selfish to think about the Scottish. oh, I feel so terrible. Ah  poor moths. Horrible me.
&quot;It's a cold and it's a broken hallelujah...&quot;  Just heard it on Scrubs, only this time, it didn't make me laugh...  
@Oprah is about to be unfollowed!!!! I thought she was gonna be a lil more inspirational!!!!! She don't even talk 
@Wossy never did find out where my 'momma' went 
@tjharrop have fun at the pub, I'm sat on my OWN  chillin tho, got coffee&amp;amaretto 
i dont feel well i think might go to ER 
Dora should have NEVER let the Swiper the Fox out of the bottle 
@greysaddict I hate that we know Izzie will live! I mean, I'm happy she lives, but I didn't wanna know now!!! 
@Wossy...don't seem to see your tweets anymore.... 
its raining!!!!!!!!!!!! oh no! it is supposed to storm real bad and then i wont be able to watch @FNC 
Just finished Season 3 of the OC, I shed a few tears 
front page took the gayby story  American Idol auditions?
Leaving to take my baby to the ER she has strep throat! 
watching Degrassi ! &lt;3 awe; JT was so, so cute. 
Still n the pedi chair, this woman is taking FOR-EV-ER! 
Awww won't get 2 see @FNC live...mm 2day wasnt that rockin 
I have probably watched all episodes of NCIS but this one with Gibbs in the hospital depresses me 
Not doing anything tonight.   Just watching HBO and other channels. Might watch Juno tonight,never seen that movie.
My apologies to KHQA viewers. We've been working hard getting info., and video; however, we have no power to edit or broadcast. 
stupid north carolina doesn't sell liquor in the grocery stores, only the ABC which is now closed so I can't smuggle rum into the theatre 
i hate this episode of degrassi  i cry so hard
only two more episodes of entourage left on demand 
my name is cailin, im a sleepaholic. Mortified at my sleep in this morning 
watching degrassi. its the episode when jimmy got shot 
Everyone is sick  now that im fine. Just can go to bed and watch CSI.
Everybody is sick  now that im fine. Just can go to bed and watch CSI.
iPhone backup failed  I accidentally disconnected it arg. Watching Dateline NBC.
Degrassi was so sad  I almost cried
@intrigued LOL! I miss Smallville too  I'm about to buy season 3 on dvd =P but i've seen most episodes of the other seasons 
@julietashley i am def going to cry. i'm secretly hoping their annoucement is that they're going to stop filming. 
@jamhess Emmy is still up too! 
drinkN sum hot koko watchN TLC's What Not To Wear...still @ home alone &amp; lonely...he's out havN fun as usual   
I wish Entourage would finish so I could watch it 
Almost done with season 10 of ER  no more roots tho, sexi!
So I was sitting here watchin 'everybody loves raymond' totally 4got Letterman n @jimmyfallon show were on!! Total bummer man!!!! 
@CalypsoTalks  definitely not. Ren &amp; Stimpy were homosexual, I swear...It was moved to Spike TV i believe..hmm, &quot;children show&quot; X spike tv
@robangus Those eps are very sad 
is still upset Cairon went last night  least BBLB will be full of him next week! Xjb
Not getting enough noodles in my diet.  Made my fave, spaghetti with mac/cheese sauce, now gonna watch SYTYCD results show. Also lemonade.
Just got tix to see SYTYCD taped live next week. And I can't go.  Tragic. #sytycd.
Just finished Season 2 of NCIS - they killed Kate! 
I missed the beginning of Conan O'Brien and Shia LaBeouf was on tonight  stupid DVR piece if shit!
I missed skins  so now im trying to watch Degrassi. People seem to like it but it always looked boring to me. but its this or VH1. and ...
Last night was good, not quite what I expected though   Really tired after only 3 hours sleepl, having a little chilax watching Hollyoaks.
@missarrie i was sad when it was over  #BSG
Conan. I hate that I do not belong to the same timezone, let alone land mass as you 
@johncabrera so i found out that SYTYCD is aired here in vancouver on sundays.. so I will be a few days behind on everything 
@Izzie1980  yeah i meant holiday, not break up or anything ;P
I really hate drama 
watched last ever episode of scrubs. i feel like a piece of me is now missing 
drama drama drama. thats all this family seems to be... ugggh i can't seem to slepep. 
@tommcfly i cried when you sang POV such a sad song  but its amazing and all about you
@sharweezy i so regretted not watching it in the past!  it's a good drama though 
didn't find the subtitles for &quot;jPod&quot; movie 
just watched sound, asif this series has finished 
@toniandrews  Still no POV article. 
is obsessed with Diversity still.  could not see them on BGT tour  Dint go. xx
I miss Popworld 
@SCIFI_channel it all depends on if the master of the tv will allow it 
guilty pleasure : Young and the Restless on DVR 
Eastenders now....cousins later 
@anthonyladao hey,whats up me n my fren r havin fun tryin 2 talk 2 u thomas n eric. we called eric but he didnt answer  2 bad ps WB plz 
@SairaFaz But then I would miss Otalia goodies! 
maha. i can't wait for episode 7 to finish downloadinggg. i'm so so tired. 
Another day of 90 degree weather and I'm gonna be stuck @ work in the ER all day! Sucks! Boooooooo 
is watching Futurama and is quite bored 
About to settle in with Spooks and figure which season I left off in, as I'm out of Buzzcocks.    #trackle #squarespace
@alyssa_blair hey! TBS was soo sick. But we didn't get to hang out afterwards dkjfhskjhsi!  hah but yeah they were amazing &amp; anberlin too.
watching the last ER with ma mam  sooo sad  x x
It's cold and rainy in the OC today 
This woman on Millionaire is a bit of an embarassment to music teachers.... 
cannot believe she is missing out on a nap b/c she's distracted by one of the dumbest ABC Family movies she's ever seen 
My mother can't drive in the same way that elaine from Seinfeld can't dance. 
Just watched the last episode of MiddleMan. 
I keep fucking waking up after every episode goes off 
baaahhh nooo!!!! i haven't got FOX on my tv 
Not really enjoying myself :/ Dancing is fun though, but to many real life furbies.. Might go home soon 
still feel like hell but Torchwood is helping. i miss the pain killers from the hospital. 
@tommcfly Lol, sounds awesome! I'm watching my videos from yesterday @ westonbirt! I hardly filmed POV because I was crying! 
Fox and the hound is such a sad movie 
HBO doesn't post full episodes  someone wanna record new true blood for me? xD
I'm going to watch the last few episodes of Skins 3...this better get good soon!! 
Everwood Season 2 is FINALLY on DVD! Chyeah! Too bad I'm too broke to buy it this weekend... 
Really wishing there were a Law &amp; Order: SVU marathon on USA tonight.  I could use a dose of Olivia Benson. #svu
And ofcourse it is my least fave things to do today..but I have to  #ER shift
my pc is dying, i can tell. no good for him to have all the 4 seasons of Supernatural downloaded 
Torchwood has finished  2am here and time for bed, nite tweeple
@racergirlamanda I hate wipeout because ABC cancelled my beloved Pushing Daisies for it 
Fox has a lovely leaderboard, but it doesn't seem to be working tonight. 
@hollywilli bless your heart  you may need to go to the ER like i did that time you took me baby ,,,
@reneechantelle DUDE!  I hear ya - I keep hearing about it - decided to check it out, and find out it's on HBO..which i don't get! 
@oliviamunn ugh, i cant find any place that has Playboy!  I thought convenience stores and gas stations carried magazines?! lol
@ da Fox tryna find something 2 wear... Not its not working... I feel FAT rite now 
@zhahwaramadhani ngga, dhan. I wasn't goin to that church huhuuu hiks  td malem gw germager BGT!! Gmn tb sm 'itu' nya iqbal lolos ga??
@tommcfly oooh, it sounds bad. Girlfriends... 
Going to OC  I would rather be watching &quot;in the land of women&quot; lol I think that's what its called
saw the X-Files movie on HBO again today. I miss that show 
Showtime!  
@whuchton Season 2 just started like last week.  Believe me, it's agonizing not to have HBO.
The special guest never came 
@MGancena oh man! I wish! We only have HBO &amp; Starz 
Also. I was very sad when the episode of skins I was downloading didn't finish 
@erickbrockway I'm watching FNC now - I wasn't home earlier 
Whyyyyy did they cancel The Unusuals? 
Watching episodes of Degrassi  still luv the show but haven't seen it in 4ever b/c i don't have the N  but i'm getting it soon Yay
@ohboyitsfatima hahahah i loveee them on SNL, i pee myself everytime i watch it on youtube. and i know  it's because they're now busy.
@tiaragirl9 i know. im watching them on SNL and just started bawling 
@KellykelKool funny my husband says there's no way it's Conan tweeting! He says I'm nuts 
wtf is there to do in OC tonight.. trying to go out  any options??
watching  VH1's 40 hottie of the 90s ...sad 
Weeds is distracting me from finishing my econ.  
sad that SNL is over 
Watching Drumline on TNT -- makes me miss Gator marching band 
another headache and a night of no sleep  back to OC tomorrow
@mEgG_eLizAbEtH episode 10 isn't on the website yet 
Just had a hard time watching Law &amp; Order: SVU... An ep dealing with a child who was once a sex slave in Uganda = really depressing. 
@petewentz me! *jumps in the air* I'm probably going to watch re-runs of Degrassi. 
This Degrassi episode right now is killing me 
How sad  Last episode of k-on
@JCEA5ER noooooo I'm nice y yall tryna gang up on meee 
I feel like crying, because of the ep. 
is about to watch Scrubs, just cleaned my new piercing and is wondering why the hell he is awake this early 
Tonight the last episode of Grey's Anatomy 
Not going to watch Hollyoaks anymore....makes me feel old 
Aww I'm missing out on Masterchef 
Hurts to walk so much  Dancing was not a good idea with this foot.
@UpInTheHills I can't get Fox bidness chanell. 
Grrrrrrrr missed most of MasterChef, failed to program Foxtel as well as the DVD recorder so accidentally recorded the wrong shows 
was only able to catch the end of Masterchef cos she was asleep 
The boyfriend's masungit already. OLLH-ER is like a marketplace daw. Awww. 
@Pesmare It's over, the Scrubs as we know it is over 
@selahh i know right  it's like my 4th time rewatching HIMYM...this sucks!!! haha
Also Desperate Housewives in such a completely crap show. Why do women love this toss? 
After four months of watching #Scrubs almost daily, I've run out of episode.   Might give me a chance to watch Weeds Season Four finally!
have only 4 more Battlestar episodes to watch..then that's it! 
Crying at a Scrubs episode  -D.
watching rendition on HBO,,confusing about something unimportant,,why in this world there are a lot of people with their unmature thought 
@stoneywayne: WOW, that is gonna suck. And I loved Scrubs. 
@mp_squared Aw.  I hope you feel better!  I think unless you tell them at the ER that you can't breathe you'll be there for awhile.  
I actually feel sorry for the Comedian. 
MAN I THOUGHT SNL last night was a new one so i stayed up til 12:56 and then realized i've seen it before  now im really tired kiinda
My brothers are off to BGT show now. 
@micraclelaurie please say you are going to be in season 2 off dollhouse, Fox fall season preview doesn't mention you 
@TimbrePitch Thanks: I hope I'll be able to follow him via web.  I do receive NBC via satellite, but they broadcast mainly economic news.
@RussertXM_NBC I was rooting for him too.    I really thought he'd do it this time...
THAS MY SHOW! I miss Grissom, Sarah and Warrick tho  R.I.P. original CSI cast @Liquarius
Nearly finished my Hollyoaks audition - waited for the perfect moment when no-one was around, then mum walks in halfway through! 
; too lazy to eat lunch and about to watch Slumdog Millionaire! yay! it kinda sucks cos I wont be able to go to practice today  ohwell.
Bloody hell, I have slept through both episodes of Corrie and enders too and still fee like I need to go back to my tomb 
 sorry my twats are all complaints. But i don't want to go to the ER. 
@NoReservations i can't wait for new episodes! hopefully i'll have cable by then 
@donniewahlberg I was in the ER all night with kidney stone  wish it would go away.I sure could use a TWUG today! 
@keaven WJLA is reporting it as a &quot;mass casualty event&quot; 
@Wossy - am very jealous - have no snacky treats in the house 
i miss my cast. 
90210 was better tonight BUT i miss the final episode next week, and the last two episodes of BNTM,  i'm hating holidays now!
wathin' CSI...I miss Grissom 
At ER with seren who has been vomiting for four days now and can't keep any liquids down 
s02xep06 TBBT.. too bad the video isn't working 
@peterfacinelli I can't watch it, I don't have Showtime! 
From NBC4: One dead is a Metro employee.  #wmata #redline
..wishes somebody was in the room with me to hear me answering all the right questions to Jeopardy! 
@DamienFahey Did you see the interview with Frangela about the horrors of the jungle? Lol I feel bad for them   http://tinyurl.com/m8xhwb
was on set of Entourage today !! will post a pic: I didn't get to work  but I watched !!
ugh so annoying- Torrie's show on NBC isn't airing here right now cause of the Metro train accident thats been on the news 24/7 ugh 
Bachelorette without @teragraMyraM isn't the same 
@suejester Yes! Grateful that I wasn't on the train! I will miss Virtuality too (but will record it). I need to get up around 4:30am 
Watching the Bachelorette. I miss last night. 
 so far I dnt like what I'm hearing in this episode with jon and kate ; ugh sadd
@Sassygirl4444 I wish I had HBO 
I'm so sad about the Gosselins 
this episode of jon and kate is so depressing now that they are officially divorcing 
omg... just missed CNTM!! 
Slumdog Millionaire was good, hadn't seen it until tonight. Just home and prob won't fall asleep till the early hours tonight.. boo! 
Slumdog Millionaire is a decent flick, hadn't seen it till tonight. I'm just home and prob wont sleep tiil the early hours.. boo! 
@roqit  I need HBO
@bhambo i thought it was stagged..i suspected they were doing it for ratings 
watching &quot;obsessed&quot; on AMC - kind of freaking me out but making me sad at the same time 
@brandyellen I guess I'm excluded from this giveaway...    I need to contact PBS Sprout and ask how I can get my own goodie bag.  LOL
I'm missing Conan  Butt I just finished watching the hangover which was fucking amazing
@CSI_PrintChick you know something similar happens to me everytime I go to see them, is like I never want to leave so I am with ya girl 
Ooopsss.... Bellick was gone 
Going to an ER with a lady is NOT the best therapy for me...yes, holding in the tears now at Newton Wellesley ER.  miss you Brad &lt;3
@danroMOMENTS f*cking, i missed the last FRINGE..... 
At the ER...biggest week of my life and im sick just my luck 
Just read that ABC canceled &quot;The Unusuals&quot;. I liked that show 
watching Oprah and so shocked to learn about these huge amounts of garbage in our oceans 
@ppmississippi I miss living in a city with a Planned Parenthood office 
What happened to the funny, Weeds? 
@soapoperasource  Someone should have figured out by now that most  peeps with CBS on now want to watch a soap not the news. 
i am excited to go try on wedding dresses - but its bittersweet , bc i wish my GMA was with me for this experiance 
@UrAllMyChildren ahh..hate when that happens, always has to be when AMC is on  thanks for the heads up, soapnet it is.. grr
Taking care of Emmy who's sick with a fever and cold. 
Noth ing good on tv 
@Jhyaap it had been cloudy or raining almost everyday here in OC also 
@katieg94  I was catching up on the reruns n I havnt seen that yet
just realized i missed weeds yesterday  I need Showtime!!
@MattReeves17 My dad's in the ER. 
@philrox Defamer says it's &quot;obnoxious&quot; 
@bubblecat My skybox decided to throw a fit while recording DH #6  fortunately spotted in time to set for SciFi+1 repeat.
going to ER - my leg and foot are swollen and tingling - not good - i'll keep you updated tweeps! 
@LiLladiee01 I'm bout to go to the ER son 
@kayythatgirl  doubtful...aud. 14 is sold out 
Now I have NESN video and some other audio. 
@UrAllMyChildren But some of us don't get SoapNet.  
@scifigirl   How many eps have you watched?  I'm still only halfway through s1.
I am so exhausted with drama!... 
wants to watch Law &amp; Order SVU, but has no new episodes to watch  hmph.
Aw, Sanjaya got emilinated.  I loved him.
Nohhhh Sanjaya isn't the king of the jungle  hahaha booo !
Oh no. Sanjaya was voted off.   He was my favorite!
I'm so mad Sanjaya left! :O (i can't even believe i watch that show) .. he was my favourite! 
is sad that TBS was cancelled tonight 
@kellynfierce imagine seeing it! I love Sanjaya!  I really thought he'd win!
@KnowJR well I just checked out your facebook page..nice..watching tv..having a beer..relaxin..pissed AMC didn't show..Pres Obama was on 
just uploaded the new episode but had to change the audio 
@fitprosarah hate that episode, too too too sad 
@tiffmeister82 i can't wait to get it! you're the best! ohh i def drove 3 n' a half hours to find out the TBS concert was canned  sad day.
bored at home . mattchew got me sick !  everyones sick , even my momma . ugh i feeeel like shiiiiiz . watching SYTYCD .
@Frangela1 why weren't you there?? It was odd seeing everyone else except the two of you 
goddamn technology.  the PVR is all wacked out, no SYTYCD   Someone post a torrent fast.
@Ayvii boo I was just listerning to Xfactor 
I can't find official ABC app on #boxee 
transformers was toooooo hype!!! i wish i was Shia ..so I could be the one kissing Megan Fox 
in the ER to stop the bleeding 
I want to work for Oprah she just to everyone who works for her on vacation all 1700 of them 
back from the ER...glad to say Ciaro took the staples to the back of the head like a champ!! it hurt me more than him 
@Erizzo10 awesome, now i'm jealous x2.  haha, it used to be on HBO on demand, but we don't have HBO anymore 
I need my brand of OTH! N-O-W!  but I can't. ( until tonight..when my mum gets home... :-w X(
I fell, rolled my ankle, went to ER and have a hair line fracture, so I have an air cast and crutches... Frick!!!! 
@missmieke87 sorry i missed the swimming! I was in the ER 
wtf im always hungry lately  sigh going to lay down. watching truTV
@alittlelamb were you at SYTYCD? I didnt see you. 
@alittlelamb were you at SYTYCD? I didnt see you. 
can't wait to see SYTYCD.. but i have to wait until lunch break, or probably even until tonight  read some comments already though
Justine left Masterchef.     I think one day I will be on Masterchef... and win.
@epicturtle They always do at the ER 
about to finish series one of skins! not looking forward to the episode where chris died 
@Wossy What happened to Sasha BC? 
Up early to take a friend to the ER  I hope she's okay...
hey everyone my hubby @nickneagle is going to ER b/c he's got a really high fever &amp; or dr sucks &amp; isn't open - i'm home with kids 
@Wossy but all the listings say Bruno... 
@realityblurred SPOILER!!!! re: I'm a Celebrity  boo.
@roguemm Aw, Firefly is great. I don't get watch much SciFi at home 
@missyelam But what would I do without my tv shows??? I'm addicted to Showtime. 
Just realized that I don't have enough money for rent this month . . .  I just want to curl up in bed and watch HIMYM, not go to work.
So, we figured out Em has parasites and she started meds last night. She told the ER doc at the beginning but he didn't test.  jerk.
I always cry at the Degrassi episode when JT dies 
aww just watched the Degrassi where JT dies, it was sad 
@Wossy cant believe you got rubbish like blue on the show 
Watchin CSI, getting ready for work, drive to commerce for a 4 hour shift, see johnny for a sec, come home and clean  blah
@T4Otalia  2day..it just went across the tv...as a new report 
@The_Apprentice_  come on down buddy. would love to have ya 
@Schofe I hope when you cover twitter you'll do how the press are trying to hound celebs for their twitterings, re@Wossy &amp; @rustyrockets 
Scrubs did cheer me up 
@Shmerkle I went with CSI as my episode 3 of Dollhouse needed redownloading! Once that's done I can watch that then the rest 
Watching Sopranos on MBP at work 
watching NCIS it is awsome - - -     so........... what's up people.
@Kellyology twitter, no major loss, gmail, problem, ABC on boobtoob means the cat sat on the remote again 
@TomFelton if you're feeling a little illegal and want to watch new eps of entourage, go to www.surfthechannel.com. 
@polymorphic1 @kevinc2003 i'm gonna have to give BSG a re-run. i'm stuck into HIMYM on flights for now 
@Wossy woo it worked and it's all fixed  thanks wossy!
I was so shocked &amp; bewildered by the whole episode. You are an excellent actor &amp; this was a very strong &amp; important message you relayed 
when will the twiiter episode be shown? 
@Oprah follow me Oprah!!!!! was watchin ur show today from CANADA EH!!! i dunno how to use this, i prefer facebbok 
@m_selvidge You're on twitter now?  I underestimated Oprah's influence 
@stephenfry not that it's a competition, but there's a to do about Oprah's twitter following hitting the 200k+ mark. You're twice that! 
Oprah and ashton kutcher are talking about twitter 
Rather @Oprah not Oprha 
@Oprah bye o i hope you have a good weekend. 
@Oprah glad you could jump along with the band wagon  have a great weekend
@Oprah welcome to twittland Ms. Oprah so good  to beable to twitt you ;)
wow.. I had such a long day.... omg cnt wait til 2marrow night.. watching ANTM.. bout 2 head 2 bed.. nite twitterz. 
@Oprah loved this week's shows 
I'm starting to like Desperate Housewives more than skins 
@Oprah It's wonderful that you joined 
@Oprah I love you show, we Filipinos just adore you  you're my mentor! god bless! more power...you are so amazing 
Has just joined twitter  (because of Oprah)
@Oprah I hear ya Oprah   It's nice to reset, refocus, and then engage the tasks before us.
watching the best show ever....the OC. lovvveee seth cohen 
@Wossy It does doesn't it 
@kingsthings Can you convince some of your non-twittered CNN colleagues to follow your example?  Blitzer needs a twitter!
I think they're scared. Judging by how MSNBC is reacting. We must be doing something right.  
@Wossy !!!! yay! is it good? is it fun? it comes out my birthday, and i've already got birthday money that i will use to buy it 
@Oprah u got me twittering too.  If Oprah is doing it, I need to also! 
@JenMarchant get better friend  and ya the OC is good times
writing the episode 2 script to new web series 
@louisebolotin  I've never understood what handsome means... I quite enjoyed Torchwood but the teeth became too much for me!
@CommonCraft Finally, something good out of a Oprah show!  (yes, a bit harsh but I had to say it)
@Oprah twitterland, tweet,twix, tweets, what the heck it all does the same thing right? lol kisses to the puppy love ur show btw 
Taking a break from reading and watching OTH with the girls.  
Going 2 the movies, listening 2 some avril lavigne.... Ahhh saturday  *I am Charmed*
just watched Oprah and learned all about &quot;tweeting&quot; 
I'm loving Battlestar Galactica 
about to watch Spooks over breakfast with my mutti 
http://twitpic.com/3k2yx - The ever so adorable bassist  TBS
just saw Slumdog Millionaire for the 5th time 
is watching SNL the best of Amy Poehler. shes so funny haha 
Real LIFE salutes Ashton Kutcher and CNN for donating 10,000 mosquito nets each to prevent malaria in Africa! 
@angie8675309 Thanks, that's okay. The player on Fancast works really well and the quality's good, so this will work beautifully. 
watching sex &amp; the city on HBO demand 
is watching LOST on ABC.com - why have I never watched online before??  So going to do this every week!  
Joss Whedon is awesome... I'm almost all caught up on The Dollhouse 
@brianangelday26 why? Its because of @Oprah huh? Lol. But seriously, don't go 
@realartielange  welcome to twitter artie,,  will you be tweeting  with  Oprah? 
come to PINKS. 
I plan on watching the OC from start to finish. 
@mahjoe the boys were great.I'm so glad I got the opportunity  I'd &lt;3 a Smallville 1 too,but I missed out last year
Noth should read both in my previous post 
@EmCDL if uin the OC come thru...I got u 
going out to watch Slumdog Millionaire in a few minutes. 
thought Shaheen was amazing on BGT  well done sweetie xxxxx
Watching Hollyoaks 
@tuxv ha.. ha.. I do dat!  thatz how I managed to watch enough episodes 
yay more Heroes episodes!  so exciting! hate the cliffhangers though...
@CSI_PrintChick SQUEEEEE X's 1,000,000!!!! Fawken awesome!!!! 
reading outside  + Bones was aaaawesome!
Watching the Simpsons and having a generally laid-back afternoon 
@BrianLimond did that help? oh and I hope you get the series - you should definately be on TV - and not in a Crimewatch way! 
my night= shalurr party, cops cause no one knows how to park. peaced. fire.aalliicciaa, more randomness.6:30 am SNL.  gonna sleep forev
@Cappie_C just tryna be cool like me now are you?? 
@Wossy I just love the pair of you. Its so heart warming to hear about how much you care for each other each day. 
guest post written and delivered! 
just watched battlestar s04e17, curious about the final eps... but not watching them just yet 
Watching Rove  SYTYCD was amazzingg! (Y)
@DebsSweet - what is the *Oprah Effect?* i'll try to get back to you on this question. i guess the short answer is... we don't know!! 
@Wossy  What on earth is that ?     reply 
@Wossy can we actually have a pic of your gob stuffed all of this please?! 
@bettynguyencnn @tjholmescnn Anonymous donor of $45mil...seems like an @Oprah move  
@johnwohn your quote about the Galactica vs angry marshmallows was giggleworthy. 
Nabila is doing because Oprah did 
Beautiful day - sun shining, had lovely lamb lunch, have cauught up on e-mails and will catch up on HK and BGT this eve while ironing  x
@thefenst I bet you really joined because of Oprah  
#asot400 Yes they are. Episode 001 now 
Supernatural resources ftw 
listening to mandy by the jonas brothers on youtube and i am watching the yankees on TBS  they lost yesterday i hope they win today 
Caprica is awesome - and so it begins 
@annie_silly WB SILLYWILLY! 
Also! the Inbetweeners is Class! 
watching OC all day  and laundry
watchin' &quot;keeping up wiff the Kardashians&quot; marathon   really pissed!
@lostinmiami AfterElton is remarkably independent, though. I like that about them. They'll trash a Logo show as easily as a here! one. 
@blue_rose ...I don't think I can remember most of the episode, actually. I very remember the ending 
time for nighty night... GMA Week keeps one up late. 
laying down watching anchorman 
@luthien1126 Shameless plug. If you're looking for a blogging platform for your travel blog, check out our site Travellerspoint.com 
@JakiCullen yay Desperate Housewives is back! And Brothers and Sisters! 
@paul_a_smith i adore Fringe too 
Is recovering from the cold, but am back to work. The trident forum realy helped. Just discovered Oprah.. flowing 
Desperate Housewives for the win! 
@Oprah thinking this is kinda cool you can drop lines to celebs   keep on keepin on
benacey did u tweet all day? Are u following Oprah yet? 
@alidaloveskevin hi it's 5:30 am &amp; I can't sleep so I'm down stairs watching thursdays Survivor  http://twitpic.com/3nda8
@theskorpion the series has just ended in the uk it gets even better I really hope they do another series  !!!!!
@leightonmarissa why the gg episode always late?.it makes me curious so much 
@ijustine .... I did not missed a single episode... 
@Oprah will do 
@rhiannonjonas hahaha. what a good way to die  lmao. i was watching the OC before 
Seinfeld day marathon... Season 4 
@Oprah I'm new to twitter too Oprah... I said I wouldn't but I did! Never say never... 
@oliviamunn I saw your pie in Playboy, it looked delicious 
@Georgieboo It was  a little while ago, but @Wossy and @ferretprincess signed as well  I should mention that again too 
Watching the Tudors with my sister! 
I love reruns of my old favorite shows on Nickelodeon and ABC Family.  Doubt I can sleep without it!  
watching NCIS 
watching The Jeffersons 
I don't think I'll ever get sick of Detective Conan  best anime ever made, watching ep 524 
@babydoll27 which episode have you just watched?! was it the miles one? 
Yay, The hills at 9:30 on Fox 8 and then Real Housewives of Orange County at 10:30 on Area.  Something good on T.V tonight 
@becki023 Haha. I may have to make it BSG themed. I'll figure something soon enough 
@varniee i am too. well, i thought i was until last night i discovered i was 2 episodes behind! trying to load episode 20 right now. 
says i'm back in.  iCarly and DRAKEandjosh rocks!  (woot) http://plurk.com/p/pbyx5
Last one before I go back to English paper: http://tinyurl.com/5jl9nx Samberg is dope. 
@tuttle88 phew, I'm relieved, the drama was intense 
Idol today  sooo pumped. get up on your feet and cheer loud. sing along if you know the words ;)
Watching some new tv show called Dollhouse, it's really weird, but pretty cool.  Wish I would have seen it from the beginning though! 
@Oprah thanks for giving invisible children.com airtime...means a lot to us... 
@Syesha woooo, viva las vegas!  have fun.  
just ordered the MOST adorable B. McKowski handbag from QVC  I feel like a mid-westerner.
@ChicMom I guess I'll wait for it to come on Lifetime. 
Sometimes I miss being in musicals  Grease is on VH1, made me reminiscent of when I was Rizzo 
more #Dollhouse please!!!!! 
@laylakayleigh After watching HBO for a bit you should be tired 
Downloading the first 4 seasons of MXC 
@CHRIS_Daughtry Your tweets amuse me.  You are my favorite Idol contestant of all the seasons. Thanks for putting out great music!
@thekelliejane i love FNL. i'm brazilian but i like American football too. 
@Syesha I don't think so...but it's still hot 
@Kath1213 I have enough body hair to qualify. 
Seinfeld reruns! my nightly routine 
@OhCurt LOL they need more episodes like that 
@Syesha all of the above! 
waiting for the new episode of supernatural 
@marklaguna I'm a Kapuso, so I kinda know what it is, though i'm not sure. But I think I'm right.  you didn't played my request kanina 
@wipoolplayer luv me some infinitely PBS 
@CSI_PrintChick *hugs* You were right about that 5*, btw. I am soo glad I took ur advice and did it! 
@CSI_PrintChick hehe I can imagine...I would be too! @jonathanRknight is dreamy 
Entourage night. 
@Wossy listening to u the now! just want u to know your radio show is one of the very few things me and my mum agree on  keep it up
#HIMYM S4 E21 is really good!  It's been long since one of their episodes were really funny!
I think it's time I watched more Torchwood  What do you think?
series marathon 
@stephmcintosh managed to catch up on the Mentalist too.  anyway, hope you enjoyed your TV night! =]
Fox and Friends is the Schizzle 
@AndreAmore I loved that album....INXS was pretty special. If the EW tag applies to you, as long as you are having fun...is all fine 
is watching Grey's Anatomy Season5 Episode21  http://plurk.com/p/rdg98
@chrisbrogan run into the wall on the other side of the room head first...might help. just make sure it's not a window = ER trip 
Watching a classic Scrubs 
@Caprica Aww thanks  *HUG* I really like the robot tho, it's pretty detailed and I like the color http://ktml.net/misc/88-1x2.mov
Watching the lasted Flashpoint 
Eating lovely Fox biscuits 
Now has two gigablorts of netbook ram and a fancy netbook mouse  Glee.
; extravaganza is on!  i talked to @deasaurr about indonesia's copycat tv shows, &amp;extrav is copying SNL, but it has omesh so, its okay! 
; extravaganza is on!  i talked to @deasaurr about indonesia's copycat tv shows, &amp;extrav is copying SNL, but it has omesh so, its okay! 
@Wossy ello jonathan! ur interview with lady gaga...interesting 
uploading my latest standup comedy to www.laughnyc.com.  It's hilarious! 
@emmaXIII  Dancing the night XD
going up to north jersey to visit my bestfriendsss  first two episodes of jonas were awesome..
@Oprah This is amazing! thanks for sharing 
@Ballas I'm off out for an Indian tonight too and the Bedol for drinks after 
@Wossy It's amazing! You should have seen the past few week's of it 
@mileycyrus hey, the climb debuted #11 on the VH1 top 20 countdown, congrads 
@Wossy - Insania! I haven't heard that word in ages. 
@theMediaChick you know TorontoDrew on the CTV forum?He has helped so much!Flashpoint is here to stay! 
@Wossy thank goodness it wasn't 'smack ma bitch up' 
@robhuebel *counting the days til i get to see that* ha, no really though- i'll renew my HBO just for this 
Zoey 101 Marathon. 
seen my old friend @R.Fox of OTL google him one of the coolest rappers I kno 
keep voting for my XFactor song here: http://tinyurl.com/dzrskd  x
I think i'm getting a sore throat! I can't get sick. I have to work everyday this week so i can get Idol Tour tickets 
I love Supernatural 
Watching &quot;Roseanne&quot; 
Logies tonight   x
.... after another episode of Friends 
Is watching Hollyoaks 
@Oprah hello  nice to meet u
Sons of Anarchy - the new love of my life 
@spoggy hi bill, thx for the follow - you do a lot of affiliate marketing? ever tried mktg your OWN thing? 
is watching another great episode of the Simpsons 
@mediahunter it's my first viewing. Episode 2 tonight 
@supersluggish thanks babe!  i've been watching the HBO 24/7 episodes but not the actual fight.
Trying to play POV on the guitar  I want the piano chords though D:
Shipwrecked time 
@Wossy good luck 
@Wossy  .. hmm .. to little to late  
Ah, who can wait until May 18th for Fox to renew #TSCC? @FoxBroadcasting Just renew #TSCC already 
@ZenCoder Where are you na in Fringe? 
@ChristinaStokes So who is going to start our Idol ep thread, if you are at Idol? 
@MissXash my weekend is okay, I have a break from school so nice  what did you do besides the wedding? And SATC is so funny!!
@iHolleeee awesome can't wait to see the promos  X
Protect the internet; watch Dollhouse  http://tinyurl.com/cdhzgv
@Wossy I think you may have blown your cover with that tweet 
@DaveBenjamin Bravo! A man with a plan 
@davidgregory How is it that MTP isn't in HiDef??  Tell the NBC brass to get with the 1990s!  
@QuotableBuffy No problem there I have the last 3 eps on my Tivo, saving them for a Dollhouse marathon 
Its time to put the feet up and catch up on Smallville.....yes....its turned into one of those Sundays 
I just added on SlashHudon to see what he says about his upcoming appearance on Idol.  
@Wossy Coraline is amaze (Y) you will defo enjoy it. It's scarier than I thought though. 
tonight= parents meeting and then Olympians, working that stuff, Olympian Jeopardy tonight again  They LOVE that!!!
Watching Supercross mx lites on ABC 
i'm watching antiques roadshow on PBS 
I love J.O.N.A.S, I laugh so hard in all the episode, just perfect 
Watching tivoed Supernanny and cutting coupons. Exciting life I lead. 
And who replaces LOST in TV week's top spot? Battlestar Galactica!  Into its last season!
Podcast Episode 8 uploading as i type  subscribe please www.RandolphStProductions.mypodcast.com thank you
@nikkisavage ohhh i am! when no doubt comes on. next is TBS  kicking it with hot chocolate.... this is the life haha 
I'm soooo tired; long weekend even though I slept for more than half of it! Haha, can't wait until The Apprentice tonight. 
Watching HIMYM with hubs! 
darn it, poor planning, having a coney dog attack, on sale @Hardees 2 4 $3 but can't leave 2get, Celebrity Apprentice still on waaa 
@tallivansunder Watching Celebrity Apprentice.  Doing some work. So all in all, pretty great night!
almost done cleaning. we did stop to eat and watch Supernatural, but there is a lil more to do. 
little miss sunshine @ FOX 
@astrowebgirl yeah either that or send starbuck's to hollywood by the case  to get attention! LoL (the nuts campaign for Jericho to CBS) 
watching celebrities get fired on The Apprentice.   
@deeluvv she had a high fever. We just got back from the ER and they gave her a different medicine,so she's starting to feel better now 
@Platypus_Fox keep me updated on how that works out for you. 
@boobsie_lu the chick was eliminated on the first episode. Hahhahaha I wiki'ed it 
getting inspired for her new cake decorating project  ahh..I wanna own my OWN bakery!!
about to watch The Tudors.. 
6:30am and no chance of getting back to sleep - time to watch some more OC 
@graboskyc only at work  still chugging away on my ol' compaq at home. running much faster now that it got some TLC
@dimsimkitty I can understand the pairing - I mean, absolutely - but I still just associate slash with genre, not procedurals!! 
Just saw a promo for the new season of TrueBlood on HBO. I am hooked once again. 
Streamyx is pretty fine here, downloading Heroes and Smallville and also a movie. I'll still call it screwmyx though   // cool http:/ ...
is sick!!!! and just chilling tonight watching Desperate Housewives 
@hailoluna well, SNL is an acquired taste/ you're not listening properly. HAHA munching on walkers- cheese&amp;onions nw 
heading to Xtra-vision to get part 2 of Season 3 - CSI Miami baby!!! 
@john_hunter Ah now Comedy Central have Frasier all morning till twelve. So I guess there goes my morning 
@girltrumpet yeahh  idk if i like owen anymore though... i kinda lost respect for him in an episode i recorded...
@Brrridgett I already know what happens on Supernatural. 
@Oprah an oprah guest if ever i saw one  http://tinyurl.com/d39x4n
been playing UFC Unleashed 2009 demo, its a impressive game, got the Apprentice on now, Lazy Monday 
@moonsgirl Be my guest ! 
Is watching the final Underbelly 
trainwreck. nicee 
The voice of Nemo turns 15 today. Thanks #NPR 
Supernatural was good as  Loved it.
@PITCHERPARK i want her more on Survivor!! 
@Djalfy Thats on Fox isnt it? Never watched it 
Wathing Dollhouse on Hulu, eating the special from El Taquito and a beer. B-day week is going well 
just finished watching Ace of Cakes where they showed how they made the cake for the 100th episode of LOST 
So @jtimberlake is on SNL tonight! it's going to be a HILARIOUS 
don't ya just love a free night to catch up on your DVR shows? ANTM here I come...ha ha! 
@aoibhe   well, I couldn't get a real clear shot, but I've got the best I could...silly people walking through the admitting of the ER...
@eritchardson  &amp;, i'm sure mom'll have more good food waiting for you at home.  enjoy the good ole bed &amp; your OWN room with no roommates. 
SNL is gonna be great tonight 
watching SNL   yay for @jtimberlake hosting!  I love him 
Watching JT on SNL 
watching @jtimberlake on SNL 
Watching Ace of Cakes: LOST edition omfgggg 
A little twitter mention on SNL 
I'm not going to lie, I'm loving the Ace of Cakes  wooop! LOST!
@jimmyfallon you &amp; justin were really funny tonight on SNL! 
watched 100th episode of numb3rs. loved how they did a throwback to the first episode, using the sprinkler theory 
*[ It's time for TSCC!  ]
classic SNL digital short tonight! Be my mother lover  ha ha... too good!
@jtimberlake--please do SNL every week!! i couldn't quit laughing!! u+snl=best nite ever 
@cindyasuen - JT on SNL tonight. 
@JeffTracey I have wacky on series link so it records for me automatically  I'm good, How you doing?
SNL after party 
@jtimberlake Yay!  SNL is on! 
watching HGTV at 236am lol wtf must love me some home decor 
JT should just be a regular on SNL 
Oh that just made my evening.  I forgot Merlin was on tonight!  But its a toss up between Rove and Spielburg on Spielburg on ABC2 choices.
@andmegansaid &lt;&lt;&lt; Just like in HIMYM 
if u missed #disney pirates skit on SNL http://bit.ly/p1p6F  
Watching Season 7 of GG! 
currently watching American Idol 
@angryfaggot, Whered you end up going? I stayed in &amp; watched SNL, one of the funnier shows theyve done this season. 
will continue my dramathon! episode 14 here i come! 
@CSI_ PrintChick thx for sharen LUV IT 
Watching Battlestar Galactica Season 1...Yeah you read it right! 
@fletcherxx maxxie and anwar. ep 5? i think. i am up to that one next. 
Almost ready to leave the house to head to WTHR!  
#firefly weekend on SciFi channel  I'm a happy man
Obama last night: &quot;Most of you covered me, all of you voted for me. Apologies to the Fox table.&quot;       http://bit.ly/bGcnW
&quot;The CW has renewed the show for a third season expected to air in the fall of 2009&quot; YAY 
@nkotbgal21 i fell asleep after the mothers day tribute on SNL but I about peed my pants @jtimberlake rocked!! 
Tweeter is cute and Oprah's on it 
Ended up watching last weeks BGT again, hyper and obsessed with ant and dec LOL 
I've finally downloaded Season 1 of The Wire 
Watching All Nighter '09: DaveyDanceBlog #64 on CollegeHumor http://bit.ly/1MIwB  in the morning you know its gunna be alright 
Singing the Messiah at 11, then relaxing, making stir fry tonight for dinner, and Celebrity Apprentice finale! 
just saw the NCIS legend, can't wait to see the story behind Ziva and the new show 
Just gave Izzie a mothers day bath with bumble and bumble shampoo  Its all I had...
@ELROSS Watch when you are alone, it is from SNL. 
@Oprah Watching u on CNN livestream: The circle of success is helping others get somewhere...Help ME  Oprah get a media job 
Watching SNL from last night...justin timberlake is the man  !
Getting well back into Eastenders 
@lauragrene Like I said - best movie EV ER!! 
Watching the finale of Celebrity Apprentice. I want Joan to win!  @JoanRivers___ #apprentice
@Maxxie1129 you should watch it! Its funny. 
@BluePhoenix1 so SNL was good? i really wanted to watch it last night but couldnt convince my elders it was necessary 
@hmccormack yes. the J. Franzen vs Oprah row wz an interesting peek into d depths of arrogance in d world of literature. 
were in the final hour of Celebrity Apprentice.....raising lots of money for charity! 
oooo the Mentalist.. forgot it was on tonight 
laying in bed w my boy watching ANTM! 
@StacyLondonSays I just want to let you know you are my Idol! I base my wardrobe off of all your style tips! I definitely look up to you 
hey! @DavidArchie 's episode of iCarly is on!!!  @jennettemccurdy rocks in this episode.
@upandatthem One of my favourite lines from Scrubs 
@KGMB9 yeah, that was good! i hope someone will call soon. i really want to see the pictures it took. 
@ashadnoor Bravo...ur a conquerer of hw. 
just heard that Joan Rivers won The Celebrity Apprentice! Oprah, I think someone else wants to run the world, too 
@briangramo  I liked your interview! It's always cool to get a little behind-the-scenes truth  -- Save #Dollhouse !!!!  &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3
got the Season 2 to Bleach today. 
@jennettemccurdy just saw you on iCarly god you are so funny! haha ps. i freaking love your song &quot;so close&quot; 
@chibiryan tonight's episode was phenomenal 
@thehtr give him a chance, it took Conan 7 years 2 be the Conan we all love  but I kinda agree he is kinda douchey lol, still funny though
saw Speidi today.... and lots of amazing car including the aston martin in the new bond movie 
Watching the HGTV channel, because I can't figure out the tv here.... 
Finished watching CSI   Knocking out on thee couch x[ zZzZz
@partur you're just jealous.  I will quote the words made famous on SNL's interpretation of Jeopardy: &quot;Suck it, Trebek!&quot; jk...love u 2 
Watching HIMYM before watching lost 
@TaraMaeThornton WINK 
@yonundrum I'm just starting the episode. 
@Oprah did u receive d invitation my daughter sent u for her 18th birthday?  her name is Gaby&amp;she sent it all d way fr here PHILIPPINES.
@Wossy glad your daughter's feeling better 
@peteempire @kaleempire @samempire @jeremyempire episode 2 is awesome, you guys are amazing 
@Wossy good to hear your daughters getting better  x
@ Wossy; the perfect husband! 
@bkGirlFriday Of course! But that is not really what I meant. It was a Seinfeld reference to your sneeze. Not a good one I guess. 
@simonw sounds like the bbc is &quot;learning&quot; from the model Fox used for anything created by Joss Whedon or Judd Apitow 
@Wossy some people over react to anything  you are making sky news today wonder if it will be blown out of proportion yet again.
@Wossy morning!  
for ALL the media &amp; news on jordin's American Idol performance to go www.jordinsparks.cc! 
Off to watch 'Flight of the Conchords'! 
@JudyObscure the rest of my household are big Strictly fans....  I get free time on the computer then 
'...Dancing with the devil,i'm the midnight sun,i'm falling in love,i'm  coming undone...' 
Watching ANTM 
says please plurk me whoever wins the top two slots for American Idol..thnx  http://plurk.com/p/tqhuj
@bigsis222 Idol is on now!  who do u think will win?
@DavidArchie Hehe, watching American Idol now, I so miss Jordin singing! 
@Duckman1221 I need to start watching &quot;Fringe&quot;. I heard it was an amazing show. 
@xNinke yep, season four. Season two is cool  smallville is alright when Jensens in it, but otherwise...not so.
adam lambert is so gonna win American Idol! 
That's a good episode timmy 
@itsajaimething I rec'd the invite from ABC but unfortunately I will not be able to come tonite, but the next event I will b there 
I love @Chaser2420 too! he's the man I want to be when i grow up! 
@Oprah i'm watching your show right now 
For example: &quot;Post hoc ergo procter hoc&quot;, that classic logical misstep. Pres. Bartlet, is there anything you can't teach us? 
shower, pizza, then SNL 
@Oprah np gurl! that was a great show! 
I'm so tired from having an amazingly fun day @ seabreeze with my girls! But I must stay up to watch SNL 
@dannyXDphanton NBC ... which is channel 04 here. 
Slumdog Millionaire was an awesome awesome movie!!  #fb
@abednego_jones ...the one u said about Oprah...on http://www.daytonatimes.com 
SNL soon! physced to watch green day! 
@garrick_s That's so cool.    I totally got sucked into that one.  And &quot;The Mentalist&quot;.  Apparently, I like cop shows +1 other (hot) guy.
Hanging at home SNL time 
SNL is hilarious this evening 
@v1kthor FRINGE voto por ese 
SNL is pretty good tonight 
SNL = amazingggg tonight. green day on soon 
@BillieJArmstrng that was a great performance on SNL! i really enjoyed it  can't wait to see you live in concert in august!
just finished watching Smallville season finale....can't wait for next season 
Episode 3 is loaded up on itunes and ready for your listening pleasure 
currently watching the first episode of skins 
watchin the wood on TBS! just got in from cheddars with one of the besties 
Mac notes: It's a really old pilot that isn't going to get made. And yes that's one of the brothers from Supernatural as Young MacGyver 
@mattsingley Inconceivable! Haha, that's an awesome movie! 
is watching @jessstroup in episode 13 of 90210 
well my day was kind of adventurous. Woek early then left and looked at furniture, and went to sir pizza, mall, bowling, and SNL 
watching SNL, and just about wet myself laughing at Celebrity Jeopardy! that is my all-time favorite sketch 
That is like the best episode of sunny the dayman song is my ringtone 
@cheval_blanc I hope she didn't suffer too much. Now your focus needs to be to care for you and your family. You need TLC now 
That episode of snl was pretty funny, loved all the old cast members 
I'm back to number 12 on the Smallville trivia! Yesssssssssss 
Getting ready to sit down and watch CSI. I love my crime shows 
Whedon love! Bones has been renewed for s5 AND s6; Dollhouse &amp; Castle has been renewed for s2 - love my Whedon actors. 
@lalaugly  hehe. david archuleta ay finalist sa American Idol last year 
@Wossy have a great sunday 
@Wossy Sounds good, it's been on the wishlist since your wifey mentioned him  til next week!
@Wossy   you're welcome
@Wossy Sounds bonkers, great choice 
just finished the last two episodes of The Dollhouse, just started to get really good at the end! But I hear there is a second season 
sat in bed drinking a nice cuppa whilst watching Hollyoaks 
@Wossy i wanna join #wossybookclub !!! 
@MatthewJames056 it works for Calleigh 
Dollhouse renewed!! Yee-aah!  *high-fives everyone*
Medical English spoken ER is too difficult for me to understand.  That is why I prefer Friends.  
Heya svuaholics  ! How is everyone today? I personnally can't wait until tuesday...all-new SVU... finally  !
@medic854 Nights like that make me wonder if I want to work in the ER. I don't like getting messy anymore 
@likestowatch I'm loving you tweeting whilst watching this  - you going on the ep 12 after?
@Wossy can u confirm: the man who stares at goats is the first book for review pls? 
I'm back. Also watching Idols on Q here on QTV11. 
@BrianFeldman  no prob. When they first began organizing the Fringe, I was in my early 30s, so I went once or twice in the beginning.
Watching the Simpsons! 
@BrodyJenner heyy been watchin the hills, hope u n jayde worked everythin out u 2 r such a cute couple!! Also great job on Bromance 
wants to watch American Idol marathon, even though i already finished it. ugh. but cant wait to find out who wins 
@Bones_Fans There better be a baby #Bones or @chaosingeneral  is going to be one angry girl. No one wants that 
Why can I not sleep in anymore despite going to bed 4 hours ago?! Arghhhh... Geeking out and watching Battlestar Gallactica 
Watching Lifetime    RiCkY &lt;3
watching ABDC season 3 marathon!!!! 
@DanWarp thats awesome!!! do you have the audtions of the D&amp;J &amp; iCarly cast? would love to see that! 
watching iCarly. good show. 
@GigglyLipstick I know about the spin off.  I just didn't realise there was an episode.
Survivor tonight for three hours ! 
&quot;Extras...Orlando Bloom&quot; there I found it for you  He's ACTING btw  http://snipurl.com/i7jvu
@Wossy am very happy the book club is going ahed! 
Meow...whats on tv tonight??...bitta The Simpsons maybe ...or maybe an Inbetweeners repeat...love that show 
@siratomofbones Both of those are EXTREMELY rarely.  In fact I can only think of Bones, and that's just a day 
@loskank Still want to do a viewing party for GLEE? 
song of the day: dayplayer &quot;neverending summer&quot; ? http://twt.fm/116026 - heard on #Bones 
@witttchyblonde - That doesn't surprise me a bit, WB!  
@FNC i hope youtube puts it back up    good luck!!
Heading out for 3:00 callbacks. Details later. 
Yaaaay! Dollhouse renewed for season 2! This thrills me 
now chilling, #NCIS, #TheMentalist an a pineapple; luxury 
@DanWarp interesting video you uploaded! keep them coming!!  I can't wait for the iCarly bloopers!!!
@HollieTennan Hey there Hollie, you're on my Dollhouse feed, Dollhouse is renewed 
Watching NCIS... 
http://twitpic.com/5dh4r - With! my crazy girl!  i love u girl!  in the cinema was so funny! pop it...  (8) Dancing!
ehm... let's try again... is Battlestar Galactica the best show ever? damn yes 
So good to have friends in the ER....in and out, got Aiden some antibiotics. 
@Emmy_07 he's so sweet and gentle too.   he likes to hug. LOL
@CGigandet yeah you are soooooo great...rawr i love you in OC i love bad boys 
@harlotry   PS.... they just used the word &quot;harlot&quot; on SVU... Loves it.
@sherwoodben for you, yes! Why because you're a Survivor! 
@princessbutterc prison break rocks. Have to get back into it again. Going through a CSI phase just now 
Marley &amp; Me with Gacia - Desperate Housewives - The Mentalist - #simpleplan 
I'm so excited for Glee on tuesday 
Taking a break from unpacking and watching Law and Order SVU. 
@nkirn Have several episodes on Dollhouse to watch on DVR still. TV is my down time. The only thing that totally shuts off my mind.  
I love it when movies are played on TBS 
Watching the season finale of Desperate Housewives 
Perched on top of my fit ball, watching Seinfeld and drinking tea... Just hanging out is nice 
Hitting the hay...watching Desperate Housewives...nuh-night 
@MirandaBuzz it was a long unit, but what helped me during those hours was iCarly!! 
YAY! Retweeting @mashable: NBC is bringing back &quot;Chuck&quot; for a 3rd season.  I know a few people who'll be pleased  - http://bit.ly/n4zuy
learned most of a song on the guitar haha  I feel semi- accomplished.   time to watch Sopranos and eat lefover pasta   mmmmmmmmm 
@ElizaPatricia congrats on season 2 of Dollhouse! Woot 
@golougo U can watch all eps of Dollhouse online.  It got picked up for a 2nd season! YAY! N I will get Firefly soon.
Home from ER. The St. Raphael's ER staff is really nice. @morganafq has McDonalds and vicodin, so things will be ok. 
@patzef I don't know any of the abc shows, but you can imdb it I'm sure. (past tense for cast is just cast  imdb.com is our bible here.
Watching the Tudors with my mom and dad. Such a awesome show 
BTW, Vancouver doesn't look at all like here.  Buildings in episode far too nice. Extras in outdoor crowd scenes far too whitebread. 
Retweet @mashable NBC is bringing back &quot;Chuck&quot; for a 3rd season.  I know a few people who'll be pleased  - http://bit.ly/n4zuy
Oh gosh Idol finals 
about to go home.. such a boring day at the office.. did finish S1 of Supernatural though  always a plus...
Hot Fuzz on HBO, the remedy for my crappy mood 
Did real good in his Psych Test and Psych Lab Report! 
@JadoreMagazine Awww! Cheers to you too! You're amazing!!! :o) Just like @officialTila! I would like to create a charity w/her &amp; Tyra 
Watching JONAS Ep 4 now  I screwed up my today's papers, so yeah, leave it to Jonas for cheering me up 
@tsantacruz It will be a great series, I'm certain 
@Wossy how do we know you aren't the fake? 
watching new episode of iCarly. had athletics day today and ditched all the events with S in the toilets. good times  so rebel. (joking)
CSI is on now! 
wow BOF is actually exciting to watch haha can't wait for the episode later 
Desperate Housewives 
Home and away then Desperate Housewives 
@peachydoll when will you be home? we should plan another trip to a theme park. you, me, Wes &amp; K  or OC !!
@Syesha love you too syesha!!! xoxo... 
WOOHOO I won  Battlestar Galactica Coasters on eBay 
it was a very good win for JT on Survivor: Tocantins.  he deserves it more than anyone else of this season.
I should be revising. But Desperate Housewives is on  xxx
@ABC she is precious....I hope someone gave her a little kiss on her cute little nose last night!! 
@feliciaday I hear they're planning on airing your epi of Dollhouse now 
@piaguanio how was the taping? 
Watching Sopranos and catching up on processing 
@girlfromthemoon i love OTH 
day-dreaming about my holidays and the new Bones Season 
Yay for Dollhouse coming back for another season! 
@will_humphrey from that POV, kind regards sounds patronising. i imagine someone saying that and putting coins in outstretched hands 
Watching Enchanted on HBO. - this movie brings back 2007 memories!  http://plurk.com/p/ujfdo
Just put in a pre-order for BSG Season 4! 
Downloading iCarly episodes   Mightt change icon to who knows . .
asks pasali sa confe while watching Oprah..  http://plurk.com/p/ujj0y
And Bones is renewed for not one BUT TWO seasons. I like this lots 
Haha SNL was awesome! Wait ain't it always 
Tulsa just got mentioned on Supernatural, like a couple mins ago 
watching Supernatural 
@quinnifer_ what's the plot behind Supernatural??? for @cass_o_wary's purpose 
@jasdeep haha... so you did watch the last episode 
@taufiqz 1) im watching Masterchef atm! 2) ignore these annoying people. lie to them also... or... dont mention ur crush 
@stevenFTW you heard as well!! Dollhouse got kept on though 
@Wossy  will do 
@jasonanderson LOL I stopped watching after the first season.  Would rather watch law and order or CSI  
@henrietta_ ...like journalism - same topic for everyone, but easy to differentiate and teach useful skills to all, or CW of course... 
&quot;Survivor&quot; finale - a number of near heart attacks for me, but the outcome was worth it 
@trvsbrkr The Simpsons 
ahhhh Dancing with the stars AND the bachelorette! I dont know if I can handle it 
@Sweetnote don't think so- I'll c if Versus is going to post it- 'vacation' will consist of cage fighting and cycling work! 
@KoolQua What you talking bout Eastwick 
Check out the sweet NBC Olympic promo pics from 5/12 ( http://is.gd/B0nC) NBC seems 2 be a big fan of the &quot;lay in the snow &amp; smile&quot; pose 
the photograph is proof - TBS  (music) ) http://plurk.com/p/ukyri
having a CSI marathon with goshy then going to see star trek!! 
should have mentioned the blog address: http://mrsjbennett.blogspot.com/ . Shameless self promotion here.... 
Those links i've been posting are about Bones picked up for two more seasons, each different link has interesting info 
I was THRILLED to see JT win on Survivor last night!! 
'When you walk through the garden you better watch your step!', just finished 'The Wire' Season 5. I've no room for left for superlatives 
just finished watching 'House'  You gotta love AXN!
@violahou that was teh best sentence in the hole episode 
#24 episodes 23+24 preair have been released  /me downloads
@NICKZANO I'm watching What I Like About You right now  lol..I really wish the series would have continued longer!!.it's a favorite!
@adnamay yea they were recording  and my friends and i were in the front. awesome show! now at hotel eating pizza and watching Kimmel
http://www.mtv.com/movies/news/articles/1611903/story.jhtml  nice article about terminator salvation and that TSCC is way better! 
@blurr96 maybe... i guess i would have to come to the OC, though, huh?  
Loving &quot;Glee&quot;! Hilarious. 
enjoyed watching Glee, it brought back some good memories of being in musical theatre, and snowflake 
@skypiratelamora you are a soap bubble of glee 
@SwitchedOnNaija:Couch Potato rocks dis wkend tissues et chick flicks r just fine...Season 5 of Desperate Housewives simply the best 
still mad that the unusuals got canceled U_U I want Supernatural to come back already 
@cm6051 Didn't know you were such a fan matt, did a little browsing to see if I could find any episodes and came across your fansite 
wonders how it would feel to be interviewed by Oprah? http://tinyurl.com/r6nny8  http://plurk.com/p/vfs30
@Wossy had a dream you twittered me back after me @ing you y'day, when you start have tweams (twitter dreams) time to calm it i think  x
@kellyness wow...movie night on a thursday night???? NICE  u watch SATC???
@gordon1014 you should check out Glee, i have this feeling you are going to like it 
Starting the annual Grey's marathon... Episode 1x01 cheer 4 me! 
watching Darkplace again. quality  hope it helps my unix skills
Watching Spike from Buffy speak in an American accent seems strange to me...just used to him speaking pommy 
@GaryJ I'm tempted to have a BSG-themed study, but I'd need to have less clutter and fresher paint to match Galactica's look 
I'm going to the ATWT Luncheon next year!!!! 
follow @Playboy boobies make me smile. 
Watching Baywatch and eating Chipsssssss 
My oral exam subject is going to be:..................................... SUPERNATURAL! 
But Skins' begging me to watch it... Skins it is 
after this tweet, i have only one more tweet before my 200th!  (listening to &quot;Rehab&quot; by the rival glee club from GLEE)
@gleeofficial  When does the next Glee episode  come on? 
@amanda_holden welcome to twitter, hope you are all good  am so excited about the BGT semi-finals, hope natalie okri is in there 
Thinking of TLC  ? http://blip.fm/~6t42w
@ViewsNews Now he's liberated to be a jackass on the privacy of his OWN home...not the one we own!!! 
FNL was really fun 
@andaid What did you think of Glee? I thought it was funny. 
@AllenKnoxville i would go for dramedy 
It thought Glee was great! :-bd Watch it!  I'm bored. :|
I love how you can wake up, turn on VH1 and not know what day it is. I love summer. 
@aSickPuppy Scrubs helps me de-stress 
about to watch an episode of Smallville! 
@Kath_Monsanto Ask @topherPaton what #SMCSTL is... 
@GiulianaRancic too sad G, I love that NBC's show 
@ehverbear Exactly! I really like him on that episode. He was drunk on the roof and he looks wasted. So edward. really. 
@jimhill I thought you and @dfravel had a Glee pajama party. 
@Wossy hey big man, giving away some comics, all gone now but I thought you might get a kick out of the idea  http://tinyurl.com/pqtdde
@Wossy i cant wait to watch your show later 
@kaotic2 You can start one.  That will help fan-fiction writers to give enough paper time to the preferred #TSCC character! 
@AppStoreMod - on homepage, scroll down to FOX40 Features section and you'll see my SixDegrees blog icon (green blue box), click that 
@Wossy http://twitter.com/atwossybookclub a simple link for simple people like me 
back to prisonbreak episode 14 now! 
@coyotesqrl You really should knock it off with Dollhouse...it's far from an &quot;abomination&quot; man...you  dont even watch it 
@djay_software glad u found me! djay is easy to use and allows me 2 b very creative...would love to see a place where i can add my own FX 
@ramblelite I like to watch it on TV  Although, I'll probably have to watch Torchwood on the net, assuming ABC doesn't fast track it.
jammin out to dont stop believin by the cast of Glee 
Oh, btw, I'm lovin' OTH more, great season finale! 
So now its time to finish Microbiology HW then watch Real Housewives of NEW Jersey 
Law&amp;Order:SVU and Mango icecream. yeahhh mannn 
loved the last episode of greek 
is watching the first episode of glee. Just the first 5 minutes is enough for her to watch every single episode. 
@SunnyWonny I know!   I read about it yest., they are doing it w/o Whedon, though... not sure how I feel about that but still excited!
The &quot;Chaser&quot; boys are back. Tonight, 9pm. On ABC1  About time!!!!
watching the soaps 
@MarishHargitay I love ANY episode of SVU &lt;3 and you always look gorgeous in all of them 
playing gears, on msn nd watching OTH talk about multi tasking  but cant wait to go thru all of the OTH kinda excited haha!!!!
 lovely lovely day. MUSICALS OWN.
lemon poppyseed scones!! yummyy  ~~watching The Tudors while i eat
I must watch &quot;Filth&quot; on #ABC1 looks like fun. 
@pappsBIDDY I would assume u r a OTH fan? Probably following another OTH related twitter 
@grum The Middleman is so cutesy, people either love it or hate it, had a feeling you'd love it 
@heatherlarson Also, I know a *great* body shop if your Beetle needs TLC - they put door back on mine after I accidentally ripped it off 
taking hmk break to watch Supernatural 
@RyanSeacrest The link isn't working Seacrest!!!! I wanna see  I LOVE KC!
Trying out Hulu's new desktop application - so far fullscreen is delayed, but stretch screen ok. Checking out the pilot of Glee 
is watching 'Bing Hitler' anchor the Late, Late show on CBS.  Strange, last saw him 17 years ago at the Edinburgh Fringe 
is watching the OC for the 5th time.. I just can't get enough!! 
GREASE on VH1! 
@NBC17 ahhh just the usual..life and code. 
oh my! the #SYTYCD &quot;battle&quot; was hilarious! seriously? what reality are those guys living in??.......awww but good television 
watching the Grease marathon on VH1 
I guess I'll watch MASH. 
@Rove1974 - The summer version of the Snuggie: http://www.wearabletowel.com/  All the cool kids are wearing them. 
@JohnForYourLife I vote Glee! I've watched it a bunch too. 
and so the series goes on...  aha.
Switched over to #Glee.  I love the cheerleader coach. Hilarious!
@IAmAlexSuavez WINK WINK  lol i'm horrible tonight
On the way to metro tv, don't forget to see SGU dudes at 'Democrazy' show on metro tv 
@HartHanson good luck with the writing! I can't wait for the next season of Bones!!! 
@philmarsay Killers are on Wossy tonight buddy 
40 most softsational soft rock songs. I like the VH1 lists 
Catching up on my CSI  I haven't watched this show in so long! I still like NCIS better  It has more humor in it, which I love, lol.
@Wossy looking forward tonights show  x
@jordanblaskey You are about as free from drama as I am. 
Finally listening to TBS' single. 
so humbled by all the support, thanks for calling your mom to hear us on #SYTYCD xox 
watching macross frontier ep.02 
@sallads A lot was learnt with the finale  I agree though it was a good episode but not the best!!
ok ok .. i'm completely stuffed  full of AVOCADO   i thnk if i was on Survivor, i'd be fine if there was just one avo tree 
@oliviamunn you have chilidogged my heart!  funniest show tonite! you MUST get back on Loveline soon! thanks for a great week of shows!
Watching iCarly 
@georgesampson WOW! how good was your performance on BGT on thursday! that was the best performance EVER! you are amazing 
