Most common words for this cluster:
[('everything', 746), ('whatever', 29), ('okay', 24), ('lol', 21), ('ok', 18), ('hope', 17), ('com', 16), ('fine', 15), ('http', 15), ('p', 14), ('haha', 14), ('amp', 14)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'everything', 0.9706096053123474), (u'everybody', 0.7165669798851013), (u'Everything', 0.7107098698616028), (u'whatever', 0.6820423603057861), (u'anything', 0.6818379163742065), (u'everyone', 0.6782927513122559), (u'something', 0.6742420792579651), (u'nothing', 0.6698775291442871), (u'really', 0.6507465839385986), (u'things', 0.6501801609992981)]





@hutsoncap  everything alright?
I'm sorry. I've ruined everything between us. forgive me? 
@MyAppleStuff sadly we can't turn back time  we have to help to re-build everything &amp; give those poor families much love
Just woke up, I'm freezing and everything hurts. This is not good. 
says everything still hurts.  http://plurk.com/p/n19ve
[and as far as I'm concerned, I can't help but feel I'm going about everything wrong.  ]
everything in facebook is down 
My coffee was not everything I wanted it to be 
i am just too consumed in doing nothing that I feel I'm doing everything..  I'm too lost in those twisted paths that I made myself..
Just got back from Thaipot and I really missed everything about it, sad to say goodbye. 
just wants everything to be okay. 
*is disillusioned in everything she once believed* 
is glad that everything for tml's articles are settled. like finally! i can go out now. aargh, whole sunday wasted. 
is glad that everything for tml's articles is settled. like finally! i can go out now. aargh, whole sunday wasted. 
everything just went on paid orgramming mode  goin to bed.
@sebby_peek everything i want you to say, would just be a lie  i love you too 
aaaaaaaaaaah so confused with everything!!!!  :'(
I just got up, I'm ill as fuck. I need more sleep and everything. Uchh 
damn everything sucks sometimes. right now i feel unhappy 
I feel sooo sorry for my mom who fell down the steps at the alter boxing everything up after the wedding and dislocated her elbow. 
Resetting my laptop and crossing everything. 
@PapareBoy everything about vista is a bitch... 
@WheresZen get to fcking \/\/ahiawa @landonjumpoff too!!! oh and bring somethin from jacks!! i just ate everything in my fridge!! fahk. 
dreading everything about this day. especially all the talk about me that is going to go on, becauseit always does 
@iamjersey come back to houston soon! I got you a frisbee and everything but couldn't give it to you. 
not too bad really. although everything but a couple of tht ethings she is wearing is from topshop, which i love but is crazy monies 
awww everything hurts 
Ah claudia! I know. It sucks  I hate the bus and everything!
@FlissTee I was like that too: used to talk to everything and everybody. Then things changed.  Anyways, what are you up to today?
And last but not least, I'm hungry and everything is closed. 
is shutting out everything, coz he can.  http://plurk.com/p/pbpl5
@MsWatty the chocolate yes...everything else no  sorry
@Kevirus I loled  Does that mean everything involving a calculator?
I kind of totally hate everything.  
@lovealwayspaige ily. i'll do anything to make everything okay again. 
cleaning up a big mess of baby formula all over everything in his bed and on him. not to happy about it. 
@ciaraking I totally slept past everything!   It's alright though, I needed it.
4chang gang raped my videos... 1 starred everything.  
Here's a 'thank-you-for-everything' to my grandparents who taught me so much! Wish you were here 
hope everything will be fine 
 ..y everything is so hard? :/
is dreading work tomoz, wonders if everything was done correctly at close :S gonna double check everything b4 hand 
OK, bugs seem to now be fixed. The last update should now be working for you, and everything from now on. Many apologies for the mess up. 
@beautelii canada is always excluded from everything... 
GodDamnJesusChristOnABycicle.. crap... vase fell down and shattered..everything wet.. 
@HeyACupcake  so glad everything is beautiful :o)   So sad about the things left behind 
@paulsalazarjr did everything but the pants thing and I definitely don't feel like a winner right now 
trying to pack. ugh. I have too much stuff.  I wish I could wave a magic wand and make everything pack it damn self. home tomorrow! 
I feel like i've messed everything up 
everything's so slow. i miss you so. 
i don't want things to change.. i just want everything to be how it used to.. 
seems impossible to install ruby shoes on suse 10.3...  getting tired of suse. everything i want is available on ubuntu.
No way wat just happend after everything I've done 
everything is always my fault. 
everything i wanted to write last nite were all gone from my mind! 
why do things suck  just everything 
@UberTwiter Thanks, it were the security settings. I had to open up everything  http://myloc.me/G6U
wow everything just looks empty and all packed up  x
hopes to have at least everything okay this week...  http://plurk.com/p/sxmhc
is it stupid that even with everything....i still miss him? 
my everything hurts 
 too much to do amongst everything else..
I feel like I miss out on everything! 
Changing my billing addresses for everything....SO annoying 
Phone ded  the battery died and now it won't start up no matter what I do. I plugged it in and everything D:
And everything is how is was before... 
@problogger yes. facebook is NOT very user friendly. everything takes three more steps than it needs to. 
The only thing constant in this world is change. So I just can't wish for everything to go back, can't I? 
My belly button itches.    I keep it clean and everything!
is i wish you'd come home from mississippi  i can't stand this any longer i miss you to much and everything feels different.
@cindydisaster yeah well, what else can I do? I've tried almost everything I can to make it work out... 
guys i'm drunk but my vision is perfect as is my perception but everything else feels like i'm drunk  halp
I screw up everything. 
@leighblackall I know you told me how to upload images into wikieducator but I have completely forgotten everything you told me  
@Lilmissweetlips oh dear not good then mate  , well i have nothing to do everything is uptogether at work just got to route at 3 x
Is sick, going back to bed and trying to sweat out everything 
Tired of everything 
why does everything electrical hate me? 
@phisigpadron oo long story... I think things just might be done with danny  I'm still just trying to figure everything out..
Feeling so nausated  I thought I was doing everything right
i can't see shittttttt  i'm not wearing my contacts.. i hope i'm sapelling everything right .. -__-x
off to have a shower and get everything ready for school tomorrow eurgh i feel like i cant be asked to do anything right now 
@helenaanneh  i cannot thankyou enough for everything you have helped me through @ddlovato needs to know how incredible you are i love you
@babygirlparis oh, really. i live in australia so i didnt hear about it .. sad to hear  hope everything is okay.
@princeofthebomb haha i didn't even want to continue with everything else i missed out / f'ed up. @trustkills tell me about it 
Wondering whether too much of my self image is based on the (possibly tenuous) assumption that I can be the best at everything. 
@xbllygbsn it does O.O  that means everything'll be more expensiiiive :'(
 stressed.. why couldnt everything just being simple / straight away?
hmm  2 weeks of rest and need to start everything all over again 
i've decided it sucks being a designer-anyone else can find a free template&amp;simply do content on their site...I have to do everything  lol
ahh, everything goes wrong now!!  my music, voice and everything 
@ryanswigert and not lose everything 
@madeofhoney1 k well thats not everything then!  can i see ur journal :/ i love you
my myspace won't delete  everything is going so wrong.. I hope I'm dreaming.
@laurenrlc  @ everything
@lunatyc  thinking of you guys! hope everything is ok
Eating everything sweet I can find to cure the depression 
This is super lame just delete my background photo so everything will go back to normal 
On way to first Indian wedding in a temple and everything!!! (Then to work    )
everything was fine, and then there was a flash flood. I'm tired of living like this. 
@jblumemberg jojiiiii i hate studing! i am going to fail everything!  but i doesn't mater... i saw joe jonas XD
@saraxelizabeth yup, she left this morning, and she knows nothing, its going to be hard when she gets home and realizes everything 
@bmanminsky didn't i already tell you, it's not happening.  soz. everything good?
@tboone12 whatever happened to us chillin? 
wonders will everything be okay in the end.?  http://plurk.com/p/whlwg
@mikeon everything about the new layout is horrible 
why not everything workout as you planned. 
Looking for photo inspiration. But everything I want to do required more space than I have 
ive made a terrible mistake   i need an auto save function for everything i do !
everything is spinning 
(2/2) everything but finacially we just dont have it 
@goodbyeblueskyy everything okay? 
I'm not looking forward to the crazy commute come with everything that's going on down here 
@colbertobsessed  I was lucky, my mom paid for everything for me. I'll take you shopping!
is sooo stressed about everything I have to do 
@ArtFireJohn yeah i'm not shy doing everything that i can and still nothing  http://blackird72.etsy.com check out my sale, no bites yet
I feel bad over everything..  How can I be so stupid? Why was I so harsh? Its my fault, I know it. I'm sorry SaVvy, love you guys&lt;3
fuck everything 
@its_sb I swear mine was evil  it was green and everything LOL
confused, angry, anxious and on top of everything LONELY 
god, brera, why is your plot twist going to fucking everything up i can feel it 
Whats is up with me! I am spilling everything 
@TheComputerNerd so haven't seen any videos the last few days  hope everything is ok...
not in the mood crazii crazii highly upset now with everything &amp; everybody 
so when my grandfather gave me this mac.. he forgot to tell me what the password for everything was. now i cant download some things 
I'm so tired and everything on me hurts 
everything hurts 
Just seems like timing is totally off lately with everything 
I'm losing everything  i'm crying so hard right now, fuck it.
He is so fine! I.m like cinderella... I have to leave before everything gets good. 
@TwixtBetwixt whatever is going on I'm sorry 
@SarahMag80 yeah but they are a hard to look after, constantly fighting and eating everything in sight! I had to get rid of my lot 
Why do i have to over think everything it only means more disappointent 
Trying to find clothes that fit........lost so much weight due to work that everything makes me look pregnant 
@haleybean So sorry to hear about everything  I wish you all the best.
@oOdolfinaOo maybe it's just my screen though  everything else is perfect. well done &amp; great job *muah*
@AmberCadabra I plan to do everything I need to do from bed. Unfortunately I've run out of coffee so my plan is sunk already. 
On wards to pub for football. O well can't have everything. 
@SomeKuwaitiya I don't know really , trying everything I could do 
@laundrylights OMG mine's still a mish mash of everything. 
@FrazJ don't be fooled! i restored mine and lost everything 
I can't play diablo without eventually hacking everything. It's a curse 
@M641 Aww, hope everything is ok! That's scary 
kind of sad that everything has come to its end 
Passed everything. Missed my 2 mile tho 
@marcyberg I'm got my new BBerry so now I just have to transfer everything over as the old one was too pooched for them to do it 
i am wondering why everything can be so complicated 
its amazing how in a moment everything can change. i dont know what to do 
Wishes I could blink my eyes and everything would be unpacked! 
i tried to sort out my macapps into folders and now nothing will open using quicksilver! everything i touch is turning bad again 
is a failure at everything she tries. Why don't I just fucking die 
still sore and I want to eat everything I can't 
@Bonedwarf missed this tweet  had everything crossed for you too
It was all so simple...now everything's out of whack,confusing &amp;&amp; complicated!! 
@Bhawk5 we don't have any food to cook, lol since were moving everything is a mess   I'm gunna be sore tomorrow!! Lol
I brought just about everything I'll need to clean a bit tonight... Everything but my mop and incense 
@youngQ I still can't pull up twitter  blockheads seem to break or crash everything we touch HAHA!
@mileycyrus  I'm sorry. For whatever it is
wonders if she should go for a bit...have to shut down everything in order to load up itunes 
@nottypooch haha, everything else works    oh welllll
feels horrible for everything that happened between us. 
@AmericanHero  everything ok?
@Djalfy so am I she's like whatever for me 
@runaholickassy i'm actually thinking or rescheduling my flight on june 12.  or just going to hong kong!  i have to reched everything. 
@runaholickassy i'm actually thinking or rescheduling my flight on june 12. or just going to hong kong! i have to resched everything. 
Last nite was so much fun til the drama came to ruin everything  I have hang-over even tho i didn't drink anything else but energy drinks!
thought everything was good again 
 i don't know, darlin. I'm so sorry. I wish i had what you need to make everything right.
@roguebluejay noooo, don't be a nerimon and delete everything 
It nearly rained...but it didn't. How depressing - there was lightning and everything! Just not rain.  
did you forget that i was even alive? did you forget everything we ever had? 
I had a dream he was here and everything was okay now I woke up and he's not  officially missin lamott
so confused about everything 
lost her iPhone as well as everything inside 
@lilbit1991  ok whatever
And everything finished.... I'll missed you 
@michaelweissman  ok... hope everything's alright... here if you need anything...
@kkpalmer89 your invited to everything! Haha, but I ment you,me,ariel need to do pinkberrry. We never get alone time anymore  hahaha
everything's so wrong. 
oo much candy. now everything tastes like bad 
@creesayshellur just everything. 
@lyricsoul everything okay? 
@bngates sorry for whatever it was! 
Finally everything done, off to bed... for a few hours. 
@heyjoewhatdouno  Everything will turn out okay.
Oh gosh I tried cleaning my room so I took everything apart and now I just made it more messy 
I don't know why but I just can't seem to get everything done right now... my mind's off somewhere 
Is tired... Of everything 
im feeeellling EMMOOOO  i need a hug right now  i just want everything to go back to normal, ahhh but there was never a guarantee
@RupertxCult bring me with you  hows everything mang?
@miametro everything 
my site is back! I had to delete everything!  but at least it's working now!
@redvers I've just left everything for now, can't seem to find anywhere to stash it! I might HAVE to throw things away 
everything was leaked already, probably 
@jstanier I hate having everything in boxes 
@alltimebritt hahahahahah your just reading everything but you don't twit me 
everything seems simple if you're a child... but now everything is difficult.. making decisions.. and others... 
stupid background thing isnt loading  i made a picture for it and everything
fails at everything possibly to fail at. 
is clueless about everything.. 
@tinydeww it's heartbreaking  my friend is only 19 and has to plan everything.
trying to get out the door - feeling less than excited by everything i put on 
Its got voice and everything.. thats pretty cool. Also.. its only for 360 
I'm so in need of a holiday after everything! But not gerttting one 
@sazzxo everything tbh  all so messed up. i dunno what to do/think anymore really :/
be_false is gross and disgusting and a kludge and is a perfect example of everything that is sad and wrong with the world. 
everything hurtssss 
i guess not everything is about my cooter  http://tinyurl.com/osjxgd
I'm feeling really lost and unsure about everything lately and I really don't like it 
And I miss @EMFinley a lot, because she makes everything better 
@_JPeep_ everything on my itunes is gone 
Not happy  i always get cheaped out of everything
@ohmyally you're awesome. (: everything you do is awesome. feel better. i'm sorry about your problems. 
@soccerlyds I know...he had me all sad too!!  Then he said possibly and I felt better! LOL! I can't imagine everything being normal again!
@_rValentine_ I've read it b4 and thought it was useful but then promptly 4got everything I read. I guess i have no commen sense 
I hope I didn't just ruin everything. 
@lissalouelizard I really don't know! I used that cup for everything 
@symphnysldr  about @theiancrawford - i am glad you all are keeping your chins up. i am so excited for everything coming up for the band!!
@omfgiselle i havnt cried in forever. well, seems like it. ive bottled everything in. everything is falling down now  i dont want ....
everything is on my mind.. idk what to do anymore  text me
why do i fuck everything up? 
@vagelisv yes, we'll see, but I doubt it, I have always been so shy about everything and that didn't really change yet 
@pupdog But why? I expect the worst then someone has to go and mess everything up by doing the opposite. You're all fucked up!!! 
everything I own is running out of batteries all at once 
testing flash builder 4. I need to re-learn everything from scratch. 
Bad decisions aren't that easy to fix. everything's such a let down this semester  #halfayearwasted
@cheekychicken24 Ah hope everything's ok by 5.30 
@UrmiRaj14 kebabs are awesome...for everything except my health 
Why do the weeds seem so much sturdier &amp; persistent than everything I *want* to grow???  
 whatever
has to edit a few things on a website....why can't everything just work out the way we want it to work out? 
yay I got my desktop back now just to reinstall everything 
doing everything BUT studying. and sadly i am now twitting 
I am loosing everything I have! I am so sad... 
At senior awards and sadly everything they are giving to us from plates tocups is all unrecyclable plastic 
why does everything i have around here gets eaten? 
@officialTila dude this chick is psychotic, she is like posting everything you write lol i feel bad for you tila 
everything is so gonna go wrong  i suck!
I hate moving! All my stuff is going to get convoluted, and it will take me two months to get everything organized again  .
Wishing everything was just ok  go the blues although i can only watch half
@14eleven just bashin everything I like tonight 
meh over everything 
@phinguyen i guess only a everything you just said and then some would not know what that is 
Everything, absolutely everything isn't good at the moment, when something good happens, bad things happen. 
extremely organised airport though, everything is easy to find, everyone is calm, its very nice... couldn't find any special cakes though 
I love my mum. I can tell her anything and everything and she always supports me. She's more like a long distance friend 
gahhhh!!! enrollment o_O it's crazy tiring. but i bet i'll miss it when i graduate. i bet i'll miss everything when i graduate!! 
@sootandpoo everything 
I guess I have to be online 24/7 to be able to even grasp everything that is happening around. But I need my sleep.... 
tired,boring....everything is really great so 
@ChattyDM I know where mine will sit in the rankings but I've just reread it and nothings spelled right! I proofread it and everything 
is missing out on everything 
i just woke up... feeling not good. i want to go back to bed until everything is better. 
@joelhwilliams looking for free options.  They just changed everything and I haven't kept up 
ok, i'm bored. nothing is happening. grr  stupid everything.
did i mention i hate french? i used to be good at it. how did i manage to forget everything i knew in 5 years? 
@cassidyblog awww I need something make everything ok for me...  *exhausted/drained*
@EmiliaTsontilis i hate cinnamon. But i love mint sauce! I put it on everything when i was younger, not lately though  I miss it.
has to work tonight &amp; wish everything was still closed up 
@aznsnuffy @craisin i was forced to go for like 10 years and i have forgotten almost everything 
@kbetts I wish I could wave a wand to have everything be complete by 4! 
And you say that everything is different, why don't we just hold on? 
I promise that I will do everything me to get used to see you in the arms of another 
@jaenarae that's crazy how like, it comes out of nowhere. in daytime and everything. 
The day i made you my everything is the biggest mistake i ever made! Now your my nothing! 
@kioken  Everything okay?
f everything. bloody hell, i hate it. 
its over. screw everything. 
whatever happened to nelly? and 5ive? 
@saligator yikes!  that's really sucky.    whatever it is, i hope it loosens its grip on you soon.
@taylorswift13 we tried to meet you at the palace but we got kicked out  we made cupcakes 4 u and everything 
@hemisofia  I don't! ( I'm pretty new to everything, including arashi. but I learn fast! :p
Sometimes I wonder if everything changed...     I'm just missing u...that really sucks 
I'm tired for everything 
@lizmachine  hope everything is okay
Of course the sun comes out 1 hour before work  everything sucks
@gmonsterr i know lol. As soon as i get there, i'm gonna remember everything. 
@louiiseeeeee apparently it probably won't becuase of all the 3D effects and everything, so they have to change it all 
@examancer How's the new phone? I almost got one til found out I had to have everything plan. 
just be lying on your shelf.'' whatever, i really wanted it! 
@drallefungjr everything 
@LVJill everything happens 4 a reason right? 
just when everything is good. 
But last night as if you wanted to end everything.   I'll respect that just don't shut your phone and tell me if  everything's going
@DonnieWahlberg I tried to order some @b_club stuff but everything was sold out. 
@xfftl8myheartx sorry to hear. hang in there. I'm sure everything will work out just fine. 
Trying to fit everything back into my luggage. One extra item doesn't look like I'd be able to take 
@mileycyrus wish a could go to la just escape from everything 
ok after everything has been said and done, it is still him  http://plurk.com/p/yykv2
@mileycyrus miley, i need and advice... what do u do when youre tired of everything around u? have u ever felt like that? 
i guess ill cry through the pain and try as hard as i can to be everything you want.even if im not sure why anymore... 
@BrittKay I'm praying for your grandma. I really hope everything turns out fine. 
says seen drag me to hell now im scared of ever noise shadow everything  http://plurk.com/p/yyvul
Is so happy everything is moved over, but now the hard part is finding what I need! There's stuff everywhere 
@GCurt 2 bad im n Philly im missing everything 
watching japanese series again... everything looks great but i can't seem to follow the story.... 
@frosted_miika  hope everything is ok!
@abctinyjonas but if u dont have the camera with you,you can't remember everything perfectly 
@gilberke  I'm glad everything was so perfect! I'm very sad I couldn't be there  
-crushed- Why do you lie so much.  I'm going to delete everything.
My everything has a hurt. 
Playong the violine. And the piano. And tennis. But everything I want to do is dancing and that's impossible 
@SedityxBreeze atleast you can add stuff w/o erythang deleting . i have to redl everything now 
hopes she won't be carried away with everything.  http://plurk.com/p/z1kgq
hmmm some files corrupted because of power cut. need to reinstall everything 
Just tired from everything.. 
I hate our new microwave. Everything I put in there explodes and makes a mess 
@nicolexhey I'm so very tired and I want to sleep and everything hurts me 
R.I.P mommy 6/7/07  i miss her so much...she was my everything... 
yay! finally fixed my contact list, but now ive to install everything again and again and again 
somehow realized that i cannot cover everything 
@crazy4nkotb Everything is out of stock...can't order anything 
i miss him soo much..hes everything i want and need...i need him to survive 
everything keep crashing  oh well them's the breaks
@cedez...the tax is so high I've been buying everything I can online.   no shopping for me...
@1MsDee I didn't know you were home... I hope everything is ok... I'm sorry to hear about everything.    hit me back.
eeerr everything sucks 
so ive gotten everything ive been wanting. but not technically everything.  i dont know what i want anymore.
It seems like we always f*** everything 
i would give everything to see u smile  http://plurk.com/p/z5v14
@therage i just need some bed rest but everything is sore 
Just woke up from a nap and everything hurts.  Whyyy must I get sick?!
feeling so down just now =( just wish everything would work itself out  x
@afrobella I totally feel you. it's just so close to religion (that + politics = &quot;taboo&quot;). you can't discuss everything with everyone. 
@damaraaa everything SUCKKKKS  urghhh.
trying to be optimistic about everything but ugh this is hard 
is how easily everything can change 
This is so confusing  I hate not knowing what's going on... Things are so much easier when everything is out in the open.
.....everything is always falling to pieces 
Is so wanting to give up on everything right now!! Stressed the fukk out!!! 
@IsadoraR hooray for your english being done , but we are screwed for everything else 
is wishing everything with the bf was going a little better.. 
please..everything to the way it was 
please, everything back to the way it was 
@vdevenganza hey I called you to hear everything about it. but you did not pick up 
@she_shines92 I'm trying so hard not to be weird about it but I just can't not feel like shit about everything right now 
@IslandHunnie i surprised you dont know about it! someone burned our school down! everything was one gone, even the trampolines 
#dontyouhateitwhen someone ruins everything for you? 
i guess not everything is about my cooter  http://tinyurl.com/osjxgd
i hate tonight with everything i have in me. 
@mrspinkyivory aww pinky i hope everything works out 4  
is missing everyone and everything that i do with them...  http://plurk.com/p/112jvt
Oh noes! I just lost everything on my ipod touch 
@Jdiamondisme hope everything is okay?! 
everything is fucked up...idk what to do. i hate having to deal with this 
i don't enjoy how everything wolf-related is some how connected to twilight now  at least i still have you, three wolf moon shirt
@iRepDLeague  everything will be good....you a soldier!
cant say everything though 
After everything.. I still really miss her 
I hate having to retweet everything before a response, sorry 
i feel so poor right now  breaking up with someone who basically keeps everything means you have to buy all new stuff! boo
I'm so tired of getting left out of everything. 
@xrachelllx yeahh i hope not, im not looking forward to re-downloading everything onto it though 
Why does tweetdeck mark everything as unread 
Trying my hardest not to feel like I'm missing everything.  It's not easy. 
Why does everything go so slow when you need to get stuff done before bed 
love is so complicated. everything just went wrong at the exact same moment 
@jaonyourmind ooops can't repeat everything u read LOL , my fault  ..... *Goes to corner *
@mommasqwirl everything. this thunder is scaring me so much. 
@devidarkwolf but everything's sold out 
i've pretty much had it with everything. do not know what to do 
@adampiro sounds that way, although ipods aren't allowed for us either    working for a German organisation, everything is quite strict!
when one thing goes wrong, everything else does too. 
wtf am i doing :/ i keep ruining everything 
just wants to get caught up and organized...with everything. 
and i feel like a terrible sister  odinaslknc ujkbsdkcvjn i hate my personallity so much. i feel guilty about everything
is over everything 
everything is gone 
completely ballsed everything..  Now what?
...I'm so tired of everything *sigh* 
everything hurts. not even george harrison can help. arrivederci 
just realized that i've messed up everything..ahaaaaa..if only i could turn back time! 
why does everything have to be so complicated? 
@aulia hope everything alright 
@DiscoTit not really! I just fuck up everything 
@PoloBandit lol, the TV was waaayyy better back then, iMiss everything  &amp;&amp; it does seem like you do haha
dont hate me.  .. going to the in laws tonight.. yay..physical is tmw!! everything should be just fine with me
A simple release has turned into a scavenger hunt for everything that's wrong 
everything is boring... 
I would give up everything to go into space 
Feeling a little better since I know lunch is soon. Still feels like I have to do everything myself 
@whatshisface babyyyyyy  everything is going to be alright. I love you!!
is so very unhappy right now. food makes everything better 
Is having a major shopping crisis!!! D: I basically want to buy everything!!! 
whatever 
frustrated about everything and everybody 
@ZRHERO .....the wifi works for a few seconds then goes, everything else is fine  i'll prob have to go back down there for another one
is nervous about talking to said person tomoz to sort everything out 
@taymur me too  it's like everything must be a fad now.
@andyrose29 You've prolly tried everything, but I was thinking u could try a herbal remedy/homeopathic medicine..it's worth a shot. 
#haveyouever eatin a candybar in bed to wake up an everything is fucked up with chocolate 
I just want everything to be back to normal 
I miss the past i hate change glad somethings are going back to how they used to be. Just wish everything would 
ugh glamour kills got even more new stuff for the summer. this makes me want to buy everything 
So tired from everything! I just feel wiped out. 
uh now im trying to find a good laptop for college  everything is so expensive &amp; i don't even know what will be best for my major!stressed
Why does everything have to change when it's going good? I hate my stinkin' life right now 
In the library again *sigh* aircraft structures is just like civil except everything is moving 
@promenading you are so hard on yourself,  from everything ive seen so far, you are amazing. not to mention, you share qualities...&gt;
everything will be okay someday.. 
everything will be fine . sorry,baby 
You wonder why I don't talk to you anymore, it's not that I don't want to, it's that everything I want to say,I can't tell you anymore 
Really wondering if everything is alright... 
@cathynose exactly what I mean, kids like you guys join everything to be social... 
I want my update...I want my love...I just want everything to work.. 
@wtcc everything is going to be okay... its only one more day  #b0xxy
Its sucks when you go shopping and everything you like is too expensive, even on sale... 
@marikotoyoshima I need to brush up my japanese, forgot almost forgot everything I learnt 
 failing at everything i should just give up now....
suddenly everything feels different 
totally tired. i dont know how to handle everything 
@drealoveslife jealous.jealous.jealous. about everything haha. not fair 
everything is so :/  atm
Everything is sloooooow and broken right now. 
Helping my grandma with everything she needs.  She hurt her leg. 
@MegFitz I can't have everything?  lol
My everything hurts. 
@emijayne  yoga makes everything better!!
waking up this late is not the business.. I don't even know what to do with myself. I feel like I missed out on everything 
i'm feeling a little down  i feel like everything i'm chasing is so far away
really bored..... it's storming here - tornado warnings and everything 
@mizzhotblaze  i want a new everything, don't judge me 
@alchemist1906 chuuch. And nobody wants to come visit because were far away from everything 
it finally got sunny...then my mother came over &amp; ruin everything...just put me in a sad mood 
 so so over everything
@JennW I hope it doesn't ruin everything. 
@devilgossip  everything is picked over.
@kdhoney1 yeah where is everyone tonight and I was looking for advice and everything   #babywearing
@B_FRIZZZ no, everything is going so bad! People are backstabbing me when I did nothing wrong. I feel really lonelyI I am just crying 
My hurt just started again inside  thinking about everything makes me wanna go rawr!
@revii it's my solution to everything. 
I feel like everything just keeps getting worse 
needs to get away from everything 
@komick its not as nice as it could be, coming in my window and getting everything wet 
@OMGil i have to go  :/ everything okay?
@normaltusker Generally bugged and want to yell at everyone and everything 
@everything_i_am say it aint so!!! I've been busy but I was still hoping ya went on!!! 
@everything_i_am I said I've been busy..geez, don't spank me  u know what I'm going through...be nice 
5) Having everything sync in glorious harmony isn't always a good thing, especially when you screw one up and it syncs the error to all. 
@mikesage86 everything was good up until i went to the shops  anyway hows u?
@karlbright I had fonts and everything, it is sooo ugly without my themes now 
@TCGBuddy i agree on everything, except that i'm not eligible for the foil garruk 
got him back to bed and slept until 6:30.Yay and I think he'll go to sleep earlier 2nite he had to poop and everything re started at 7:50 
Why do I feel everything is soo boring! 
court was cancelled.... such bad memories there. everything is going so wrong right now. i feel so empty and alone 
@novemberlight just about everything is up with me 
@CandiceKei  I have no clue    It wouldn't turn on this morning and then it finally said system recovery and then bam everything gone.
hey, pray for my uncle. he's in surgery right now  he gets out at noon. please make sure everything goes well 
everything i wanted i found it in you everything i dreamed of came true...  song makes me sadd_ CHiA PEt call me you whore lol
How do I stay motivated when I keep failing everything?!!?!... This sux 
And everything is officially lost for good 
@crystalchappell Seems to be rainy everywhere 
@eruanriel, Everything, fuckin` everything.  want die. ;x I`m so stupid.
Why does everything always fall apart...  
@karmacrochet  hope everything is okay.
Just dropped my blackberry.    everything seems 2 be o.k.........
one of my wheels has a rash wtf dont know how i got it i park so far away from everything 
Getting a little stressed over getting ready for vacation... I always leave everything too late 
@joeferg hope everything is okay 
auch my everything hurts 
Is feeling a bit delfated over everything 
#inaperfectworld everybody would be rich and would get everything we wanted, would be famous and pretty!! ..but this world is not perfect 
@steenster It's too fucking hot for everything, unfortunately. 
Just screwed everything up again 
@VrnJustin maybe when i go back to school I'll start something up again... we'll see! I miss you though!  how's everything?
pandora is mining everything I type into google 
why must everything be so difficult for us 
@msrefreshin everything is upside down right now 
way over everything right now  * leave loves or text it xoxo ashley &lt;3
i miss my piano. its in storage.  heck everything i own is in storage! this really sucks!
have not figured everything has turned upside down 
ohmygosh i just fucked up my whole day. i felt sleep and wasn't able to do everything i wanted 
#inaperfectworld I could call whomever about whatever, whenever... but that only exists in a perfect world 
I feel so sick, I literally wanted to cry at work, everything was just spinning  , very nice eye candy x)
@AeropostleKid87 everything. 
GSS = dissapointing...everything i bought was R.P 
@jkgirl73 But not now what's going on ?   I guess I have to settle for whatever LOL!
sad , everything seems wrng 
packing things, again! to make sure everything is in my bag and my luggage. omg, I'm sooooo nervous about tomorrow! 
i cant stop crying...WHY?! why?! did this have to happen to us!! stupid diseases and everything!! 
The only thing that is not funny is that I have to re-write everything into proper English for my research instead of copy-and-pasting. 
He's breaking everything into two... 
argh, why does everything have to be so awful? 
Tethering worked once then never again, tried everything 
Someone here in the office is making fruppucinos, They have a little electronic whisk and everything. Apparently my coffee is too strong 
@KathrynBeattie everything okay? 
I tried SO hard to remember everything for camping. no pillow 
@chollis awww! i'm sorry  i'll have 2 or 3 of whatever you want for you!
@brookethelame everything annoying  i miss you! summer is almost over/halfway in
NO! why!? well that just ruined everything! 
everything is so complicated. stresseddd to the max 
@tuttigirl i miss mine!  i used to cook everything on that thing lol
I really want to apply for a au pair job, but I'm so fucking scared of change, that I keep overthinking everything. 
n she's got everything that i have to live WITHOUT 
everything is going to fucking shit, yet again 
I think im getting a cold    everything inside me aches.
well everything thing seems back to normal now...........feel the odd one out more than ever 
Wow. I feel awful about everything. I didn't even get to say goodbye. 
I hate my tendency to take online anger so seriously. That's why I feel guilty for just about everything.  #dontyouhate
I hope icecream will make everything better. 
@stayupxgetdown  don't worry... everything will work itself out before we go for warped
@GardenStateGeek We maybe able to touch on that. I'm not that informed with everything though 
she's everything i'm not. 
@agustinaimi it's SO not funny, i'm freaking out here  i will fail everything !!
Ouch. I'm sunburnt everywhere. 
When one plan fails so does everything else. 
@ErinAX not sure how to stop that, but we don't like google tweeting everything either!!! 
blahh everything erased on my phoneee. coool 
feels like everything has been going downhill lately 
@eyehatealex can i come and stay at yours when i come home? i just want to get away from everything 
@MeredithMcManus i hate you with everything i am because i want to go so bad and can't     
@JomarSantos yup  it's at 1...i don think i'll be able to everything but i'll try and do the best i can
@maddieroth  why has everything become so depressing?
@britttniiii whatever you hate me 
A good lesson, don't put slightly damp closes in a hamper. I had to rewish everything 
everything burns... 
sigh nooooooooooooo   I have tried but everything was too fast for me XD @ImInLoveWithMJJ
@TommyMac1 shit hunn sorry to hear that  i hope you can get it and everything back
@shikitiki  everything okay?
does it mean i screw everything up? 
@algonquinrt i was crying and everything.  but i am glad to know you wouldn't stand me up
whoooho. still diseased. but everything is alright. haha. i'm happy. BUT there's one thing.. I'M STRESSED OF A SPECIAL PERSON 
@Glinner everything but me 
i really hope everything is ok 
whatever  
I had so much fun tonite... But everything is starting to feel like the last.. 
My sound setup is getting wet.  putting the tarps on everything ~So Much More~
@BritRoshambo  i know! i even signed in and everything. 
i hate trying to get dressed nicely. everything looks awful 
I'm so tired of everything. Really, everything. And the 12th grade graduation party was beautiful, sad that they're leaving. 
i'm so tired of everything. and worried. i don't know what to do 
My mom just fucked everything up  including my mood.
just wants everything she cant ever have 
@saramsullivan: No, just fix everything..... 
i wish i lived in l.a.  -everything goes down there
Things could be better.. i'm sorry for always ruinin everything. 
I wish there was a way to just instantly make everything better 
@tommcfly you're my everything thomas 
I'm so new to facebook  I'm getting so confused with everything.
just wants to be everything he wants. 
I see like an expensive  camera... everything up close is fine, everything behind it is blurry 
@MissTX85 whatever! 
I'm ready to go back to bed again.... I just really needed the completly rest... it's making everything better... except my foot!! 
I wish i could just say im sorry for being crazy and i love you...and everything would be better  ps I hate living out here I'm lonely 
@hippeachick fuck. everything. i love you. i miss you. come see mama bear 
fuck everything 
http://bit.ly/fusefest #tweetaroo.... I am following everything I missed 
Wow... It seems like I actually legitimately hurt you with what I said.  I'm so sorry, but I stand by everything I told you.
Beginning to wonder why we are leaving everything and everyone that is so important to us... 
Everything was fine. Then everything turn for the worse. I'm so upset, now. 
thinking about how one thing can blow everything. 
Getting so annoyed of everything, I just can't stand it anymore. 
@mmitchelldaviss waahh  that sucks but u can with everything 
@projectedtwin  hope everything is okay.
your everything that's bad for me ... 
@richardglen I'm so tired of everything I can't stand this drama me more! I wish all guys were like u or u lived here!!! 
@Lorinimus I have an oven like that. It dries out everything 
@ThatAprilGirl ya. we're all hoping that everything will turn out so well. 
can't wait for everything to be over. 
Hates missing everything with my family... They dont even bother to tell me whats going on anymore since i live far away 
...everything's fucked up and messed up, quiet confusing! 
http://bit.ly/JwCml   i cried my eyes out.  the song tht explains everything with me and him.&lt;3
everything is scary 
@laryissa why did you do this???? i'm so scared it will screw up everything 
@ddlovato demi ive tried everything to meet you i guess it wasnt meant to be 
has to install everything back onto her laptop 
I wish I had the answers to everything 
@clayray3290 argh, that's so late!  but yes, we must def hang out when you're back! hows everything else going?
right know everything sucks 
@mileycyrus You took away everything with one swing  http://bit.ly/qJi4P
@maialideth lack of sleep always makes everything so unreal. 
everything's going downhill 
@pibworth - I'm checking other people I know and they are all still for sale...   Why do I have to be tagged and everything? LOL
@stacykrager I'm sorry hon  hope everything is okay!
@jivameuk That sucks  everything ok with you both otherwise?
@grathwohl  I don't have skype anymore. I'll have to download everything again.
@greencupcake aww  everything ok?
@sophienetter no, i've searched and everything 
@winstons_mum yeah ive done them i just need the motivation for everything else 
@haikit and she's late for everything else. 
@suehuskins been following everything, so sad 
I just went shopping, and everything was 10 million dollars! 
@tommcfly What do you do when everything is wrong or bad? 
Now that I've figured everything out I get to stare at the pictures longingly until we can order. And then I get to play the waiting game 
@mysovereign I can only see a bit of your hair...everything else is covered by updates 
fuck!!! I got my piercing done... but I always fuck up everything!!!!! I dont have it anymore 
finally home from everything. tired 
@AnnaLouiseX its not fair he always ruins everything!!! 
Aww so sad- he just jumped up, knocked everything over &amp; got yelled at then walked away w/ his tail down all ashamed.  He's so cute!
I may have graduated, but I still feel like everything's basically falling apart. 
my brain is about to implode with everything thats going on inside it 
@andykeeley everything is heading south ... it's not pretty 
@SirRawlins Annoys me how hard it is to retain config though. I like how everything is setup at the moment. 
when god was dishing out clumsy, i got seconds and thirds, i seem to break everything 
@RaDragon hosps have just about everything 
I just dont understand... Everything has been so good lately 
i'm scared that everything i studied is not enough 
everything about you ... is not easy to forget 
@McTeach bummer!! You got up early and everything  Much more user friendly &amp; love new options for keeping everything organized
prom was so good, everything to do with malbank is over now 
@tipsen5537 i should've clarified...why can't everything just work *for me* 
V makes everything better. 
most wanted  by alan braxe and fred falke makes everything better. and i wasn't even feeling bad 
@gas700girl excellent - the Twitterisation of everything continues apace, then 
I believe that everything really happens for a reason. 
@SteveDiamond, for sure my friend. We needn't agree on everything now, what fun would that be 
added shave to gnome-utils and refreshed the build; everything but writing some code 
digging everything cobra once more 
@sageeb obviously, its all my fault. everything is. always. 
no chipotle =/ but everything else is on schedule 
listening to mcfly makes everything better. 
everything is ok now  good night!
@bzbyerly That's what I had!  I'd never had it before but it was delicious...kind of like everything else there. 
@yaOHya I am new to everything...... 
@Robynnnnnnn  hows everything in the burns household?
wow it's verry hard to write everything in english but it's cool 
@boloco no problem, john. love everything about you guys 
@jaceypants@tinas71 oh now, we all know the world would collapse if I disappeared.  Who would keep everything spinning?  
@Dannymcfly glad everything went awesome 
needs to serious do her english essay, everything else is fin 
@murphysblues indeed everything you say, say 'wit soul' 
doing some computer springcleaning - there's something satisfying about knowing everything's in the right place and backed up 
@dafnii congrats!! i wish you both the very very best of everything! much happiness! 
@czerinatomfiss It diiid  It was late so barely anyone was in the chat, so they could pretty much see everything   -happy-
I have just painted my nails crazy colours, which makes feel better about.. everything 
@UrbanAZcom how's everything 
@KoreyMadness me too.  she makes everything better.
is excited for everything  
everything is getting back on track  fighting is so silly.
@basedmagazine good morning! everything is blessed..... sure 
@dannywood nothing like a good workout to make everything seem right 
@eyycaiit, then everything is as it should be 
@brunettecutie93 i know that, i'm happy for you..you will have to let me know everything at your return  hugs
@kirilouise I do appreciate everythign  the place looked great and thanks again for everything.
@michlockhart dont get annoyed by it!! embrace it!! its so much fun once you figure out how everything works  
Communication is the key to everything 
@PaganDemon  haha i have no constant entertainment though. nothing to do between twittering. everything is dead.
@savagepaul everything what's good to be known...is good to know ! ( if that's making any sense ) 
@jacvanek everything is going wrong but we're sooo happy 
@escos1 Heyyy Escoo!!..everything is gooD!..thanx!!   How U been??...what's up??...
I have now realized that @ranajune is right about everything @ranajune Tweets about. I redact all previous challenges to her authority. 
pretty much did what he had to do and everything is back to the way they should be. 
@Megglen i'm not naughty! lol i am fully legal now and everything 
Blessed for everything he's given me 
@brightlights72 hit up @StarFactoryAD or @kennyvalentino and you'll know everything they there is to know! 
Connections complete and everything checks out... no casaulties 
@sammi_x and you can get everything you need like nutrients from alcohol...sure of it lol 
yeaah finally after we worked really hard to make everything better, our precious thing returned ! really happy 
@tastethenate love has everything to do with this, nathaniel. ... I love you 
back to work i go, hoopefully i will stop dropping everything i touch now 
@bondibeachgirl i suuure did  hahh. samples of my album and everything  yayy
@JenBunny7 whatever whatever you miss us already 
@snarkattack everything comes back to david tennant? 
is trying to figure about everything... 
@upandatthem You don't have to like everything everyone writes about... 
@disneyrunner dangit. I was going to send out fireworks and everything. 
@cookiedorksx3 haha xD whatever you ;p haha i know  &lt;3
@MissxMarisa haha, you're one of the few who can get away with whatever she likes Scenie 
try to see it once my way, everything zen, everything zen, I don't think so.  yup!
@xUMxx  @teammxjacobb everything dnt clear much up..
@scum I'm used to paying for everything. 
@vickybonnett in everything. that is what makes it an interesting question 
@potatograss I'm with goatlady - wordpress by far kicks arse over everything else 
introduction is horrible :/ whatever i'll fix it eventually 
@JonathanRKnight at how reserved porple are because everything they say is public.  It could be interesting for you   Can you imagine.....
whatever will be, will be 
@paulmoxham everything is your fault moxy...everything.   x
@jrmxsoccerx2x ahh retweet everything i say! 
@loisheilig I always told my kids that I see and hear everything so mind your manors, so I guess that proved it to him. 
@turkeyburkey whatever do you mean? 
@luigiiiiii whatever i know you like it.  HAHAHHAH!
All dressed now everything 
@shay1988 lol same here....wish there was a way to microsize everything...lol 
@ReneeJRoss Sure is rainy! the storm has left everything, everywhere... @litefm would love 4 u 2 follow us 
@davidgs Rest is important, but like everything else don't over do it.  
@CloneCommander *Everything* is better with lightsabers 
@syedbalkhi It's ok now ! I've cleared my cache and everything is fine 
done with the packing and everything else ... leaving in 3 hours ... 
@cawineblog everything counts  what are you drinking?
@shubhamsingal oh I am so sure they do get everything. They live their like celebrities 
Everything is better with a bag of weed 
@dandandegeneres means everything to me too 
everything feels like it should right now 
Never mind....it's all good now.  I just did a simple reboot and everything is working fine. 
@Michlerish LOL!  when you're drunk, everything makes sense. XD
everything is going good 
@chendongsong I had an alergy on smth by besides that everything was good 
whatever makes you happy ,. 
@Quikszilva that explains everything 
@LandersIE oh snap. just looking over my to do list - wish i could just tick everything and go back to bed. 
Trying to learn something about everything and everything about something 
I wouldn't know how I would get everything done if I were not surrounded by so many amazing and giving people   I love you guys!
the baking-disaster tastes good though. see, there's some beauty in everything 
@littlefluffycat we all slush everything when it's our issue. 
@sweetdreamer unfortunately yes, it's a curse not being able to just digest everything as it is...  
cap'n crunchh after a long day makes everything okay 
@SherryBaker nice one!  Two trending topics and everything 
I am so blessed 4 everything i have  goodnight
@dannitothemoon haha! that's awesome. and i always write everything down after concerts too. 
@theresemercury whatever happened to your diet 
@RealLadyGaga  I recently came back from iraq and watching you has helped me get passed everything, thank you for what u do 
@EricMillegan I agree w/ @foghorn_clj - destroy any evidence, deny everything. If neither worked, then bribe everyone who knows about it 
@DavidPopineau I don't understand everything but I'm sure you'll help me!!!! 
To answer some questions a) everything's okay and b) i'm not pregnant! 
Happiness is when what everything you think, you say and you do comes in harmony 
is loving the way life is turning out for her &amp; knows everything will be just fine 
@eurout_politics Yay for that! Thanks for everything!!!! 
@bjsebeck I'm sure you're awesomely effective in everything you do 
...I hope everyone and everything is okay 
Nothing like a little 5.0 earthquake to shake everything up a bit 
everything is going soooooo much better!!!  
@desprthouswfe72 So, everything good with you on this now? 
@vimoh You seem to have a wise comment on everything. Its interesting to read. 
@batxcore everything will be okay 
he's more than everything.. although its hurt, but he'll happy if really with her 
@xoClaraxo haha yea! it's because i told her that my parents screwed everything up! then she just said that! haha! 
http://twitpic.com/5f1w9 - my rock through everything. i love you 
everything is working bad today... still feeling positive though... should i change my attitude? 
@riahz WTH is that ? well theres always a first in everything . 
p $1 @downeyisDOWNEY for whatever she wants 
@UrbanRelations Got sum behind the scene things going on rite now I hate not being able to talk about it  but the ans is &quot;everything&quot; LOL
@sandrascully Yay for sleep!!!  Cures everything...well, almost everything 
Ah just how I like my mondays....starting off with everything broken 
@natcch lol, go crazy w it, i don't mind!  and feel free to grab whatever you want off it. ;)
@hustonharshaw Pancakes make everything worth it 
@AMStarkey hahaha ususally thats my cure for everything 
@DejaMeade it seems like everyone is doing everything/anything to avoid studying hahah 
everything changes is now on 
@jawjjj great when you bake I will want to sample everything, not good 
Really happy! everything could be changed for 180 even in 35 yo 
@jennaz you look good in everything 
the problem is that I _love_ to do everything myself 
@EmmaCL about how much did your r:a dvd cost, postage and everything? If you don't mind me asking 
@raenmiro hope everything with css worked out for you raen. yours is great 
just about finished getting ready  now i need to do a couple of chores for my my mum n double check that i've got everything i need!!
me spamming about everything what's on my mind: http://monophobia90.blogspot.com - feel free to read 
I like uno and I like them.  goodnight xoxo everything really does happen for a reason 
@JonathanRKnight aww hope everything ok  sleep tight!!
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5llux - i was there on the first roll it was just insane  but everything for you guys more than 6 ho ...
everything ends well 
@fourcolorangel if you don't know, then that means more. that after everything, you still believe i'll catch you 
my everything...the baws 
@jaredleto im listening to your amazing voice, and think everything should be sung live acoustic 
'I didn't know you'd be my everything.' Aww.. 
everything ok, @ginoboi? 
i know that everything, i know that everything, i know that everything, everything's gonna be fine 
@therealnobody damn boy haha u kno everything about me 
@keeperofdreams I love corny jokes... but then again... I laugh at just about everything. 
@softtouchme everything is okay today? 
got really far in her book, and predicted almost everything  goodnight loves.
@ashleeadams  We go through the same thing. But it always pulls through and everything will be fine and you'll be all smiles soon enough 
@arielwaldman I used to have that problem. Now, I just dump everything into instapaper.com 
@kevindavis1914 crave...it was cool...but then again, everything is when you're drunk 
@CorNEILiuZ I have my tools with me and everything! 
@rebeccabachmann No, everything about the frog is all above board. 
@sparklykate When I can't write I try to just write everything that comes into my head. I make lists and scribble and doodle on stuff 
