Most common words for this cluster:
[('everyone', 360), ('everybody', 74), ('day', 24), ('today', 21), ('quot', 16), ('lol', 16), ('time', 14), ('na', 12), ('i', 11), ('http', 10), ('whoever', 9), ('else', 9)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Everyone', 0.9840280413627625), (u'Everybody', 0.941582441329956), (u'everyone', 0.7660484313964844), (u'everybody', 0.7485867142677307), (u'Nobody', 0.7394300103187561), (u'Anybody', 0.7322878837585449), (u'Everbody', 0.6869630217552185), (u'Eveyone', 0.6576545834541321), (u'Whoever', 0.6354979276657104), (u'Somebody', 0.616478681564331)]





Would be fantastic if my home loan wasn't fixed. Everyone is rubbing their hands together with this interest rate cut, except for me 
Buenos Dias Twitters! (We went down to 45 today)  Is-ok. We will be strong. hahaha Everyone have a great day.
Everyone is leaving me ... 
Everyone's gone 
@Luturgi Everyone is gone,cause they hate me. 
@iLuPJA Everyone will have that kind of feeling... I had that kind of feeling when I graduated from high school too... 
Everyone in shoreditch looks like grimmy and it makes me 
Making me some breakfast. Everybody else wanted to eat ceral 
made coq au vin for meself and twiddled me thumbs all day! Everyone's left me 
Beginning of day of torture. Everyone else will have a very happy 420. I will be in the library 
Spent the night talking with my roommate.  Everyone seems to be going through hurtful spats with their relationships right now 
Ew,I hate the heat&amp;heat hates me. Everyone already knows that tho cus they cant help but laugh when I tell them im allergic to the UVRays 
I want to be 18 and get tattoos.  Everyone around me is getting them! Argh.
@IzaArtillero i know  Everybody is tweeting Coachella
Bored, tired and lonely. Everyone is gone tonight...except me 
Haha nevermind! Everyone's sound asleep 
Now Homer's a supertaster. Everybody's a supertaster but me. 
Everyone's annoying me 
Unfortunately it rained but allin all...Everyone enjoyed &amp; the food was great. I hope we could do it again b4 we leave. 
Everybody loves the weekend.... But not when you have to work it. 
Everyone is talking about bamboozle 
Everyone needs to stop tweeting about hershey... 
...Everyone seems to have left 
should i or shoudn't i watch it?? Everyone I talked to did, but i don't wanna have those pics stuck in my head! 
@Georgiiia YAY!!! Everyone I've spoken to reckon the ads looked lame so YAY you like it! ahaha yeah it's only on sundays 
No plans for today, my 10 am cancelled. Everyone is getting sick 
its amaazing, i'm the reason. Everybody fired up this evening. I don't wanna do work 
@zakschwank yes, Everybody walked away ok- thank goodness. But now I have to get my car fixed 
cleaning and studying all day. Everyone's gone from the dorm for the summer 
Bad baseball day for me. Everyone lost or got rained out. 
OK, a few days old, but I love @armarno's diagram of the mainstream adoption curve http://is.gd/ufIg . &quot;Everyone is doing it&quot;   ...  !
Finally home!! Everybody have fun at the boat ride for me!!! 
@chrispirillo LOL. Everyone's an expert now. 
Everyone's gone again 
@missbeccax3: I'm sorry hun  Everyone seems to be having a hard time this week.
Why is the scooby gang so mean to Spike all the time?     Everyone deserves love.
Everyone leans on me, I guess I'm their soldier, but who's gunna be mine 
Cause Everybody's changin' and i don't feel the same 
@rebeccarudolf i saw it on Xmas! Everybody was cryin' 
@1Kali3 Yaay!! I wish I could afford to come to LA  Everyone seems to want me to visit them on the west coast, LOL!
Everyone's gettin all sentimental... I'm not ready to go yet. 
@hayzilla Omg what are they! Everybody eats them &amp; I have neverr heard of them 
 nobody loves me... Everybody hates me .. I'm going to go eat worms now
Why is there nothing on telly in the morning.After Everybody Loves Raymond your pretty buggered. PLUS I have to bus it to work pfft 
@Ipswich772 Everyone gets them and someone always asks 1st  So thought I'd ask on here for the record XD
@alomoris  Everyone seemed to have received theirs except me. Postman sucks. 
Everybody still sleep 
I am the biggest idiot ever. pH 1 is RED. Everyone knows that. 
Still at @AndrewBravener 's leaving soon  Everyone is tired though...including Andrew since he has fallen asleep lol
@alliewayfilms Hey I was born early 80's. Everyone thinks I'm too young! I just didn't watch TV 
Everybody but him 
Everyone is asking me to move here. But I just can't. Complicated 
No one can understand what I feel right now.. Everybody only said what they want.  I just want to stay home alone tonight..
Rather bored today. Everyone else is in Cardiff for an athletics competition - one I'm too old for. 
@burcuakyol there are now 130 infected. No deaths. city is on high alert. All schools canceled. Everybody in masks. I've got a Corp class 
I wanna watch Angels &amp; Demons. Everyone i know hv already seen it.   suckerdot!
last full week of school. Everyone's out but me 
@realmarkptyltd Everyone is laughing at you. Just so you know 
My mom is in the hospital.  Everyone wish her well.
@Tuburculosis You should come to Hamilton. Everyone is drinking here tonight, except for me  The rugby's on thats why.
@InNoSenseLost Everyone gets to go outta town for the holiday...I gotta stay back 
@theyshootactors a.k.a. Everyone made a mistake.    Still a good night though.
Crap! Everyone around me is having crabs and look at what I'm having!!   http://twitpic.com/5omg1
It is a good day. I'm sorry for Asnawi who's having a bad day.  Everyone has bad days hun. I'm just sorry that yours is today. 
How now Everyone, anyone up to anything good?? bored and need entertaining 
Everyone keeps picking up on my fat lip  and taking the piss
i?C.B+T.H|| Everyone is like, leaving 
Everyone already gone, I suppose.      Me sad.
Do i really look sad? Everyone says i look sad. 
@buckhollywood Agreed! Everyone always makes fun of me for it 
Missing Everyone 
Sitting by myself. Everyone took the good seats. 
@FelipeAzucares Everyone seems to love it, but it felt kinda lazy and repetative to me.  I was really disappointed. 
All alone in this old house again.  Thanks for the net which keeps me alive and kicking! Whoever invented the net, i wanna kiss your hair!
UP was awesome! Everyone should go see it.  But the stupid theatre didn't show the Pixar short film. 
My car died this morning.  On top of everything that happened yesterday.  Whoever put the hex on me please let me know what I did wrong? 
Just found out my baby cousin is gonna be a dad!!!! At least he's married already. Everybody is getting married and having kids before me 
@RodrigoVaca I agree. Everybody would've been excited and then it goes... ohhhh nooooo..... MS screws up again.. 
Everyone is so sad about the no touching rule.  You still get to see them! More than most of us get!
@memphianmallory Too traumatic to even discuss and none of yall are here!!! Everyone has left for the weekend. 
Everyone we have another hater  @WeHateMileyC
why do i even bother anymore? Everyone is makin me feel like im a waste of space 
Giving up. Everyone and their cat is using Castle.DynamicProxy2. 3 out of 4 of my dependencies need each a different version of DynProxy2 
Everyone is already drinking, but not me 
Not happy. Everyone is going for ride tomorrow I'm stuck @ work 
@BurnDownParis let me know how it is. Everyone went w/o me. 
Everyone looks the same here 
People are calling for hay already!  Yikes!!!  Everyone needs to start doing a rain dance.
I lost the JB live chat again  n this time was because 4 family emergency. Everyone know if they gonna give another chat?
Having trouble sleeping   Everyone says to follow your passion!!  But what happens if you #fail majorly? What do you do then??
I'm extrememly lonely right now! Everyone is out and I'm stuck here doing Maths revision...against my will! Boo! 
@30SECONDSTOMARS What about Sweden?  Everybody here loves you!
Only Items I have are a new gun for Medic and boxing gloves for Heavy.  Everyone seems to have a crossbow apart from me.
It gets so lonely at work sometimes.  Everyone sleeping, nobody to talk to. 
@SeaHag7 Your name is still always talk about.  Everyone still misses you, hey why don't you call me much anymore 
 Everybody Hates Vinde.
Sniffling and coughing. Everyone is sick. Sick preschoolers and babies are really pathetic  And they don't sleep...
getting ready to go say goodbye to my grandmother, she is moving south. Everyone that I communicate with has moved south  my families gone
Shasta is so much fun!! Everyone is really sleepy right now from being such daredevils out on the water! Kinda sad to go back home 
I need someone to go to dinner with! Everyone is busy or not hungry 
@nikimariesmith  Everyone is so sick lately. It sucks a lot. Feel better soon !
What the hell is wrong with me? Everyone has a boyfriend/girlfriend except me. i want a boyfriend so bad  i want some one 
What the hell is wrong with me? Everyone has a boyfriend/girlfriend except me. i want a boyfriend so bad  i want some one to love me 
Everyone agrees that I'm a douchebag. 
Why is no one else as excited for this movie as I am. Everyone sucks. 
Damn... Everyone stopped talking to me at once 
@gemmak500 well.. sob.. I've only had one invite even though Everyone seems to be playing 
Everyone's gone 
I'm getting hungry for minions... I mean followers. Everyone who follows me gets a free cupcake!! No, wait. I can't back that up. 
Everybody is too busy to talk to me 
@Bobby61557 Everyone needs to find a comfortable medium! bet it may not ever happen 
Everyone seems be having a bbq apart from me 
Everyone's gone  but it was lovely.
@MitaliandMe hey i just woke up and our alarms failed yet agian. Everyone is sleeping so im going back to bed. 
Even when she is sick she's still darn cute. Jade is sick too! Everyone in this house seems to have some sort of sickies today. 
Everyone but me 
oh no I just saw this..... Everybody Wins Bingo/there must be 5 unique minis shown, we only have four 
Everyone in this building has a dog but me 
5 p.m. during a hike   Oh well I think I still got my lovely shots.  Everyone in this house is sleeping and I am going also!  5 days of
*dramatically* Jodieeeeeeee! Everyone, @hello_jodie just overtweeted! I am now alone  She will be back as soon as she can ^_~
Well It's 4:30am ! worken Nights is so much fun. Everyone is asleep but me 
Despite the sweat drops over everyone's heads. We're investigating the ghost story. Everyone seems to be making fun of Yukari now. 
Is really sad to be leaving tn.  The past couple of days have been amazing! Everyone did such a good job! God is doing great things! 4 ...
I'm jealous. Everyone is posting about all the cool stuff that is happening at E3. I want to go too.  I will add it for next year. /sigh.
Everyone knows but u.. 
@LaurenConrad it was still an awesome episode! Everyone will miss you 
@ the pool getting my tan on. I still need a buddy in Milledgeville. Everyone is gone for the summer 
@_tranquilize lol aw. YOU ARE ALMOST THERE. Everyone's having a crap day, it seems.  Are you gonna wrangle up a chat, then? XD
SAD!! Everyone's leaving and everything's happening too soon  I wish I could put a stop to time 
@jasonavp  I'm sorry about that.. Whoever made that is an idiot and wants to be like you.
&quot;Everybody's having fun to the sound of love-Ugly is the world we're on ...&quot; poor some love of mine, they don't deserve this sadness  ...
@dazzleme18 Are you leaving?  Everyone's leaving meeeee. Not tired yet... lol
I dont feel good. Everyone got me sick. 
Today's agenda hectic one.  Busy all day so I probably wont be tweeting.  Everyone have a fab day.
Everyone is staring at my lips 
http://www.raygoldmodels.com  Everyone go there, it's sad 
The weak economy is really hurting the celebration this year. Everyone kicked out by 11pm despite the weak turnout.  #astd09
Everyone loves you.  You lucky bitch. 
Hmph. &quot;The Port&quot; is not happening  Everyone's too full.
@andreasaysjump Just can't understand why you chose to be homeschooled.  I really miss you. Everyone's looking for you. :]:
Unfortunatly, Everyone aboard the plane have died, and the plane reckage has been found.  Prayers to all the families  x
Everyone will be playing their new games tonight except me  you all suck
Heading out to location for big event today with @lewishowes See you there? No live stream this time.  Everyone paid to be there.
@onezumi  I dont know what to say there. Everyone has problems, and theres those out there that try to make others feel better about ....
is supposedly studying for historyy,, I thinkk,, you know,  Everyone else is, LEGIITT i think its in my bloodd 
Grand total of 97 kiddos today in VBS! Absolutely amazing! Everyone is doing a spectacular job. Now, I am off to a funeral 
I WANT THE SIMS 3! Everyone is saying its good  Damn my brokeness.
I feel like a celebrity when I walk in the bank! Everyone's like hi Yaneri, I'll help you! Too bad this isnt my money  lol
Everybody quit talking. 
@buckmasterflash it's not showing on my app... Everyone else is showing. 
@jasonmitchener That's terrible. Everyone deserves visitors. 
At Ventura, right by the beach! 85mi was cancelled today due to rain. Everyone got bussed in. 
Everyone is at prom  for me
@Christine_dAbo Everyone keeps telling me they can't love her. 
Everyone in my family is nutz 
Everyone should know that @primehex just beat my ass at checkers 
I hate how everyone is talking about Hangover! Everyone went to see it tonight but me. I had to work... grrrr 
This is not a good night. Everyone's computer is fucking up. My webmasters computer is broken ... 
Putting in my time in the rec concession stand this morning. Everyone in my house was still asleep 
@StewartKris love the spirit girl! I guess that's what you get for living in a glasshouse you know? Everybody thinks your biz is theirs 
So bored  Everyone's at places and I'm not  I feel so sad  :L
Everyone loves coffee apart from me 
@lastgeek Ugh. i want to frolic in the rain!! Everyone's working today 
Everyone hates me 
I've not felt this unwell in a long long timee, swine flu I think. Everyone is ignoring me 
Aww, I wish I had a copy of &quot;The Sims 3&quot;. Everybody else has one. 
Jamie is being such a jerk right now. Everyone text her and tell her to stop  4802722887
Ballracer...? Everyone keeps leaving me and it makes me sad...  http://bit.ly/PznwA
Everyone is making smores, cant have any 
Sad. Everyone stopped texting me. 
Everyone's watched up  even my own brother watched it already!!
Everyone keeps seeing movies without me 
No Conan tonight  Everybody wish me good luck getting standby tickets next week!
 @jessdelight I just played ur joint two songs ago. Everyone in studio was feeling it!
@shisui_caitsith  this is ffxi! Everyone should be nice XD
@XclusiveStephxo yes lol yes I am. Everybody off doing there own thing. Nobody inviting me so I guess I'm on my own for the night  oh well
I'm bored. Everyone wanted to leave the bar so early. Effining boring 
Everyone forgot about dre 
@shermaineee Everyone is self-centered in some ways.  I should learn not to be selfless.
Spymaster stinks. I don't get it. Everybody else seems to be going up through the levels while I'm stuck on 4 &amp; can't increase my defence 
Walking into town to wave off Olivia... Everyone is moving home 
Leaving twitter now... It's my sister's turn to do the computer.  Bye Everyone!!!
@megslice Everyone here has been fighting lately. It makes me so sad! 
@amakacamille I dont know if it is. Everyone throwing salt in my game saying it's never gonna come. Haters annoy me 
I've spent more than enough time in auto parts stores for the day. Everyone only has black tire covers.   I could use a primer...hmmm....
Everyone wants PalmPre, but only 25 people gets it 
Eff trying to sleep in this house. Everybody wakes me up. 
Everyone is making fat jokes about me 
Everybody hate me 
Ugh I want to see the Hangover. Everyone keeps talking about it. /feelsleftout. 
Nap time is over. I had a bad dream. I'm hungry and don't know what I want. Everyone else already ate. Nobody wants to help me stay up.. 
Everyone's so busy but I'm not~ 
Everyone is so upset now 
Everbody is working when i hv day off 
@dickwayne @___bridge___ @adreeonna @hippofish Guess I'm the only one not there  Everyone have fun
Everyone in my team bar me has just been made redundant. 
God. Everyone here knows me. I hate Arran. 
I want to go to @SlowsBBQ! Everyone keeps talking about it and I've never been. 
I can't stop listening to Everybody today. Realllllyyyyyy missin' Keith 
The dude with the guitar is seriously shredding. Everyone hates him for it   http://yfrog.com/13ojpj
Everyone seems to have had a storm  where's mine?
Everyone is too busy for me. 
@DonnieWahlberg Everyone picks on me because all I ever do is talk about you...and you don't even know my name 
@yellowbrickedrd  One of my really close friends left for Seattle too. Everyone I know is leaving.
Everyone gets to see the legally blonde musical but me!  So sad.. I want to see it soo bad 
Morning Tewwties! Another rubbish nights sleep  Everyone good 2day? x
snacks with steph and ces.  Everyone's surprised and sad about my temporary transfer  http://plurk.com/p/11arqt
ahh ok im disturbed...feel like ive just been to the concentration camps again  Everyone NEEDS to see this movie
Everyone say OOHHH!! (i'm really sad now..  )
Paying bills, getting a few things done around here, then taking Maggie for her surgery.  Everybody wish my poopoo a speedy recovery!
Is having a john legend morning. Getting my brother used to good singing! &quot;Everybody Knows&quot; on repeat 
So yeah... Everyone's leaving, and that's so not cool 
Hey Everybody I just did my work experience. It was so hard  few. Anyways, i just wanted to say hello and have a great day. Thankyou Lotte
Tornado. Everyone in the hotel was rushed to a safe room downstairs. 
@MissMagical p.s nightastic stunk up the joint! Everyone was oohin and ahhin but it was so boring 
...... Blah.... I'm such a horrible person!... Its confirmed... Everyone hates me..  sad day again. I just want to sleep it off.
@ShannonNelson It is a spam tweet from needfollowers.com Whoever tried checking the site out got automatic tweets sent out from their A/C 
Everyone is talking to her but me. 
At bingo with my girls. Everybody cross your fingers. Also i'm sick of always being gimpy. 
Little black dress shopping today was exhausting. Everyone found something but me  
Everyone goes all chaotic when it starts raining....on another note, my booties got soaked 
&quot;Mommy, are you going to die?&quot; she asked. &quot;Everyone is going to die, sweetie...&quot; she responded to her 
Everyone hates me. I don't like being just a side kick... 
#bildungsstreik: the demonstration against bd education will soon start!! Everybody should go to it! But I have to work 
Chilll haha come here more often (: sandy sad  why? I do not know. Everyone buzzin...
I wish there were more night owls. Everyone has gone to bed.  That sucks!!!
Nobody warned me about this ending  Some friends you are! Everyone pease note - next time you recommend a movie, warn me of sad endings
@NoWeh Everybody manages to snag first class, but me.  How was it?
Ahh. Everyone's dying of sickness here. 
@AmandaFClark it's not shown up on the delivery networks yet  Everyone seems to think another couple of hours
Everyone just got all teary-eyed. 
@DTrochez weak!!! Ooo I haven't seen hangover. Everyone went on dates and shit without me. 
Waaaaaaah! Everyone is talking about dinner. I'm stuck at work, hungry. 
crawling into a dark corner and hoping no one sees me. Everyone can figure out their problems without me. 
My old kitty has cat scratch fever  I didn't even know that was a real thing! Everyone, vaccinate your animals!
Everyone getting good now #fitfam #bluebox This was an unpleasant surprise 
@shouldarocked    Everybody at my table said &quot;awwwww&quot;.
Everyone is having adventures but me D: no fair! 
Home again. Everyone died.  Stupid dice . . .
@ddlovato @selenagomez I'm on a quest to find the special edition of People magazine!! Every store that I go to doesn't soom to have it! 
@ddlovato @selenagomez I'm on a quest to find the special edition of People magazine!! Every store that I go to doesn't seem to have it! 
To Everyone: Because like a knob I put my butter container in the microwave to soften for 10 seco, but did it for 1 min instead. Melted 
At least the power is back on. I want to hang myself. Everyone has told me that this is easy, yet I've failed continuously for 2 months. 
Wants Everyone To Be Okay; 
Everyone's out scuba-diving except me 
No use waiting or contemplating. Everyone was right, you do care. But for all the wrong reasons. 
Everyone is asleep 
Was it something I said? Everyone left the guttah chat 
@ZombieFarmer That sucks. Everyone is effected somehow during these economic times. 
I wish someone I knew would be able to talk to me. Everyone is gone!!!! 
@Malcmail Everyone spawn camps on KZ2 it's so annoying 
No dancing for me tonight  Everyone bailed on me...
bout to take a nap. became &quot;that&quot; person, the party pooper cuz of someone else. Everybody parted ways cuz of me. 
#inaperfectworld Everybody wouldn't be sych mean freaks, and people would think a little more. No, wait, A LOT MORE!!! 
We really need to sort out this whole living situation, a different continent for each sister is just not working.  Everyone move to Aus!
@KendraMarieK Whoever invented twitter they should have did a better job!!  smh
@GirlsLoveNerds I wanna go too! Everyone wants to go..but not everyone is gonna make it! 
@MartyKFarris Where are you going? Everyone is going places except me. 
Everyone is drinking, I'm sober. 
@NiseyRae Yeah its crazy!!! Everyone is gone.  I no longer have a life without yall. But I'm going to stop before I get depressed.
@Kessika yeah, def not cool. Was 50 calls in the que for techs! Everyone was getting hammered 
@FashionAddictx3 soooooo true, PETA is really good! Everybody's dissing PETA 
Everyone is sleeping already. 
@JaylaStarr Everyone in and out of Vegas all the time, makes me so jealous  lol. I need to move already
On my way to work. Everyone celebrating midsommar but me. 
@GhanaDivaNY I got it, I got it.. Now I just need some friends. Everyone on facebook already..nobody wanna give tweeting a try 
Appearantly vacation was a bad idea. Everyone wants to leave due to the heat. 
@peterfacinelli You know it's just not fair... Everybody saw 400 followers and what now 
I really hate wearing makeup sometimes! Everyone I work with has perfect skin 
Everyone is still asleep 
@KellanLutz5 Whats Greenes site? Everyone's getting booted from the one's I know. I can't get on facebook either to get it!! 
@courtneytrouble  Everybody @courtneytrouble took those pix, @fleshbot can you credit her?
@skadooo nothing anymore. Everybody is busy 
Just shattered the screen of my phone. Everyone is pissed. Goodbye all money I ever saved   
Man so its official. . . Everybody's drinkin the water somethin awful round here and left none for me  lol
BOREDDDD  Everyone is doing something!!! Sad cause Once again I have to be the one left out!! I dont understand why!!
Hello I'm still here at work ! Everyone left  I'm here til 7:00
@glass_passenger: I thought the movie was alright! Everyone I saw it with hated it, though, so it's soured for me. 
Everyone says I'm concieted 
Everybody stopped texting me.  hehe.
my mom is laughing at me b/c of my sneeze. Everyone says it sounds like a chipmunk. 
@boycottlovee Haha. Everyone makes fun of me for my tiny jeans.  its not good when you wear 00 short super skinny jeans. Lol
Jon and kate make me saaadd. Everyone needs to stop tlkn about them 
Everyone sucks right now, or maybe I'm the one who does 
@monkeysaur77 nah don't worry about it. Everyone's a bit depressed sometimes, I know how you feel 
Hey Everyone, soz for not being on alot but twitter was blocked at school 
I want the new iPhone 3G!!! too bad, it's completely sold out. Everyone is tweet bragging about how awesome their new iPhones are. 
Walking on the sea wall. Everyone has someone to walk with but me. 
back to bed. Everyone it seems around me is having a hard day 
I think I'm about to stop visiting family until major holidays come around. Everyone gets a break when I should be getting a break... 
@TBKY I have looked everywhere for your candy. Everyone says it's out of season 
Just got back to Gurnee. Tired and sad that I'm working. Everyone is hitting the pools or the beach and I get to go to the mall. 
Major cluster eff at apple.  Everyone is telling me different things.  No iPhone 3GS for me 
Everyone hates us!! 
@Doovde No. Everyone has already and everything is too green 
It's over  but it was amazing! Everyone better go and see it! NILEY &lt;3
Feeling so unusefull.... Everybody is studing and I don't know anything... 
Everyone pray for me, possibility i have nemonia (or however u spell it)  
@No ma'am. Not this time  Everyone is getting Vegas trips but us. Wahhh!!! 
@oceancitygirrl No ma'am. Not this time  Everyone is getting Vegas trips but us. Wahhh!!! 
It's 2am and still not feeling sleepy... Everyone arround me are snoring... 
@ReddBarbiee lol....its boring tonight! Everybody went to sleep on us Redd 
@caauution Are you still sick?  Everyone`s getting sick or not feeling well. :-SS
It's raining a lot. I'm at work, bored. Everyone left... I guess I'll read. Wisdom tooth hurts. 
@electrikitty ah not you too! Everyone feels a bit rubbish today!  moomin didn't reply since, except status comments :/
I need a new theme for my jave... Where can I get it? Everybody says mine's sucks..  http://myloc.me/4PCy
@sjcNKOTB Everybody can send a dm to anybody who has the dm option, they protected it,'cause otherwise they'll get hundreds a day! 
Really wanted a newer car, atleast in the 2000's. Everybody in my fam has new cars and im still gettin hoopties. Uggghhhh!!!! 
http://twitpic.com/806d0 - I Miss Everyone Already 
is helping everyone pack from Spain. Everyone, that is, except for me... 
Whoa! The Holt is so quiet now. Everybody is leaving 
Everyone here has a beagle 
@MFJes awww that's nice! Everyone around me is going and gettin bf's and what nots! What's going on here!!  tears for me!
@Leabella We had 2 keyboards stolen out of my garage w/in 2wks.  Everyone knew we rehearsed there.  Hurt real bad but we kept it movin. 
@okneil I can't get onto any Uclan site...this is like torture! Everyone else can get their results apart from me 
Fool kid wrote all over my bag! Everyone is so mean to me 
today i have to study, go to my boring dentist! and do extra time at my english class..I can't believe    Everybody pray for me, please.
Everyone is turning against me 
I need new shoes. Everyone wears such mice shoes except me 
@DisjointedHeart You name it, i've tried it. Everyone is complaining  Pretty black little boots *happy sigh*
Everyone at the bar thinks i'm evil because i killed a bird 
: Everyone assumes my guy did it 
@kryptongirl I'm embarrassed to say I had to say it out loud before I got it. Everybody else in the room laughed at me. 
I need some sleep. Everyone says i'm getting down to low. Everyone says you just gotta let it go...Feel free to text. Obvi I can't sleep 
Everyone is passing out on me 
@_strokemyEGO I can't just want a baby? Everyone else has one!  ...why the hell not?? join the club lol
@ghostfinder Yep  Everyone loved Jurassic Park. Everyone loved Transformers 1 - combine the two? Mega awesome! 
@ama_ningyo Whoever you are, you're not a bitch.  It's so cowardly that people do that.    I was just responding to your mention of the...
Im lonely. Everyone is at the disco! 
how come i only have 247 followers? last night it was 249.  Everybody wants to watch transformers 2 even me.
Everybody smells like hotdogs on this metro 
is sitting at breakfast with my students. Everyone is so busy studying that they don't have time to talk to me 
It gets harder everyday but i cant seem to shake the pain. Everybody knows nobody really knows how to ease the hurt. Turning me down. 
Not Fair ! Everyone else gets to go home while I'm still working 
@qtbrowneyes - my avatar? LOL! yup. new FF. new Avatar. Everyone started changing theirs now too 
Morning Everyone 
To be there for you, I'll b there just helping u out whenever I can Everybody's FREE x go hear me sing! I'm bloody good! X x 
@joshwss call about renters insurance.  (Everyone else: Josh requests we remind him as needed. ;)
Everyone should follow me!!!!  
@kursed No one bothers his statements now. Everyone knows he's cracked up  Even the other world leaders know 
@becs09 Here is what I use-&quot;Everyone is going to see you in a bikini in 2 months.&quot; That usually does it  Or go put your bikini on. blec.
@Ladi_Babe Everyone follow her , she's just as cool as me  and she's cute too! how could you go wrong?
I can and will wear a skirt today, finally its warm enough!!!  Everyone enjoy the nicer weather! ? http://blip.fm/~4jc8f
Finally showered and ate a legit meal/food type thing. So nice. Everyone's coming over in an hour. 
Everyone follow @charitywater. It's a truly wonderful cause. 
is FINALLY going to bed! Whoever kept me up is a real jerk! 
Going to bed,Finally! Tweet Dreams Everyone 
Happy easter !!! Everyone 
@ivoteforart very happy with the pic. Everyone that visits comments on it also. Better buy some more then 
@LiliCosic Everyone I'm following seems to be watching 
@mrjdomingo Everyone does for some odd reason. Food is that attractive 
@aliciamalone - Bring the Purell. Everyone seems to be sick! 
Everyone loved my tatto! yeahhhh!! 
Everyone is out ..... now I can turn my lala up 
@MrInfamy Everybody is picky in there own way.... 
Morning Everybody 
@Starlady22 Everyone is between Favourites and Following, on your home page here. At least, it is on mine! 
Morning Everyone 
Im awake now. I have a long day ahead of me and I cant wait for the semester to be over. Everyone have a good day. 
@jonferguson thanks!! Everyone is healthy and resting. Luke was disappointed that he didn't get to see a cubs-cards game last night 
therealTiffany Everyone needs forgiveness the kindness of a savior the hope of nations--awesome that ur a fan of Hillsong! i love them 
@PiscesInPurple Everyone should.  
just had the thought, why don't we just create a big vacuum and stuck all our CO2 pollution out into space  Everybody hold on tight!
Better get to bed. Everybody is starting to wake up. @cheapcheapcheap me for any bargains you need me to help with!!! 
Everyone's going outside...maybe I can catch a little @strangelovelive!  
Everyone seems to want my taco.... 
@shanedawson Totally man. Everybody proubly feels the same way. Somebody who can make you feel special. I can relate. 
@kinggayle Everybody loves hugh 
@weinateo Hahah, very exciting though. Everyone loves a scandal.  A bit like those table-flipping, chair-trashing Taiwanese parliament! 
@DittonWineTrade I am! Everyone says it's the beginners luck  yeah right!
This is the last day of the ANPW Yellowstone Workshop. Everyone had a great time and everyone is very, very tired 
Getting ready to give my Drupal Introduction presentation #BarCampBham Everyone should attend 
Getting my hair done. Everybody says I have A LOT of hair!!!! They were all gushing about it!! 
@LondonElek Everyone in the front row wanted to shake your hand but you stayed well away, really nice set last night 
@deathoftheparty Aw that's awesome, happy birthday, Lindsay   Everyone is having surprise parties this go-round; the trend has rebucked.
Claires deb was great. Everyone looked beautiful 
@Hadramie Everyone can be their fan even just wanting one of their product. The desire to have it makes you a fan  You're hardcore fan!
@AliceField Everyone mucks in. Children all school aged, no more nappies. Makes ALL the difference 
@dcwventures I've been running memberships for almost 4 years. Everyone changes their CC info eventually... even I have. 
Just getting back from my run, man it is so nice outside today Yeah  Everyone enjoy your day today
@sdhanlon Hey Siobhan!! This is new to me too. I'm not sure I get it either. Everyone says it's fun, so I thought I'd try it... 
@pennyarcade Everyone liked it.  I will make more soon. 
@jaxita Everyone always does anyway. 
@ hey Everyone.  tell me what you're excited for this week!
Everyone follow @justinlanning he is awesome, talented, and so sweet. you'll love him. 
@maheshmurthy @realin - Yeah! Everyone knows that  @textualoffender has told me about @Netra 's efforts and work  3 cheers for netra!
Everyone should sign up for jackthreads.com 
@chicalit finding a place to crap on the move eh? Whoever said technology is crap? 
OK, a few days old, but I love @armarno's diagram of the mainstream adoption curve http://is.gd/ufIg . &quot;Everyone is doing it&quot;   ...  !
Hello Everybody   'Tis a cloudy day here in Amanzimtoti today.
@JoelMadden Awe man, that sucks. Everyone makes mistakes. I have a feeling that people can forgive you 
@TzakShrike and I have a gentleman's agreement: Whoever wins the first match (or is it best of three?) pays for the other person's copy. 
@TraceyHewins Everybody is Shiny #TwitterTakeover lol 
Everyone should follow @devyndances 
Hello Everyone. I would love some more followers i dont bite 
@fragments75 Everyone needs some birdsong  http://is.gd/M5j
@cdlowell A big atomic bomb blows up the world. Everyone is gone. That's how Lost ended 
@CaptainMurdo Everyone's entitled to their own opinion.  
@billyfbrooks  Up and getting ready for the doctor. Everyone pray that they don't cut my thumb off. 
2AboutVetMed No, thank you! We enjoy foloowing you and we appreciate your tweets as well! Everyone should follow 2AboutVetMed 
@Phoenix_L you only weigh like 100 lbs. Everyone weighs more that you. 
Everyone should follow @kacidbrown cause she is an amazing singer! 
Why can't I be happy? Everyone deserves a little happiness sometimes 
Everyone follow @teamcyrus she is the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!   xxxx
@deenipoos Everyone should have a crush on Sid. #skins 
Everyone follow my bands twitter  @IEXPLODELIKE
@theladyisugly The floor fell out during construction. They put a bridge in. Everyone lol'd. 
I'm going...  Hello Everyone! 
Everybody loves shopping 
Listen to ppl. Everyone wants to talk, but no one is listening. If u listen u will have lots of tweeties. 
Playing charades at nag's. Everyone is here. 
@Daymeaux LOL What's extremely gay music? Mika - Everybody's gonna love today? 
&quot;Everybody knows, situations change, people drift away, but I'll promise, I'll always stay the same, and I'll remember you.&quot; - Meena 
I have school today! Oh noes! stayed up late! 0_0 *falls asleep instantly* Night Everyone 
@thebigjern yes thanks you! Everyone is ok 
Everyone except me 
Photo: Whoo food! Everyone has prepared food!  http://tumblr.com/xxg1t5g4q
http://twitpic.com/5f5p2 - Everybody loves Djordje  ?
@DarineD I would be happy if you come  Everyone is in for it 
@MrsVampreezy requiem for a dream....hands down !  Everyone loves a story about heroin, crazy old ladys and depressing hooker sex!  
is happy to see such a gorgeous, sunny, &amp; cool day! ENJOY Everyone! 
Wow. Everyone is really happy and friendly at the airport today! 
OOPS  @hotmess4CCNK Everyone slacks on the shaving in the winter! haha! We need that extra layer to keep us warm! TOTALLY JOKING! haha!
@birdynumnumz Looking forward to it!  Everyone has a unique perspective, sounds like your tale is going to be fascinating 
Morning Everyone  x
@redallisonblack No wonder the finale was awesome. Everybody practiced a lot. 
@fleurdeguerre Don't be afraid! Moving is a great idea. Everyone who loves your blog will follow you!  Just keep reminding us!
@kenjamin13 is hilarious  oh those were the days when you used to dance to boy band songs! Everyone thought you were so hot!!!
@kissyfish Everyone likes boobies 
@AudioJustice Thanks for the mention!  Everybody follow @AudioJustice #followfriday 
Hey Everyone! 
Humourous quip of the day: Everyone has a right to be stupid but you're abusing the priviledge! 
Sunny Here!  Everyone have a fun and safe weekend!
Stuck in a traffic jam on the highway towards Arezzo. Everyone in the car is twittering 
@8101harris Everyone forgets about 8. I don't know who actually WATCHED it. 
Going for coffee at the Starbucks in Hannover. Everyone's welcome to join. 
@heatherreette buwhahahah!!!! Everyone loves them esp ME 
Happy birthday to @KRISTOMUSIC !!! Everyone show him some love!!! 
@srteja Everyone is doing that ra 
