Most common words for this cluster:
[('everyone', 1105), ('everybody', 115), ('lol', 48), ('haha', 25), ('goodnight', 24), ('com', 23), ('im', 18), ('everything', 17), ('u', 17), ('amp', 17), ('http', 17), ('anyone', 16)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'everyone', 0.9633118510246277), (u'everybody', 0.9012664556503296), (u'Everyone', 0.7599384784698486), (u'Everybody', 0.7359229326248169), (u'nobody', 0.723166286945343), (u'everything', 0.6856463551521301), (u'anybody', 0.6771978139877319), (u'everbody', 0.6680868268013), (u'Eveyone', 0.6678086519241333), (u'eveyone', 0.6608638167381287)]





@FranzGlaus I know, just wanted to let everybody know what was happening  
@Gripping agreed! love the sound, but hates how everyone knows them 
Feeling blue...And almost everybody says that my jokes are bad. 
everyone hates me so much  
@mokshjuneja yesh it's a bank holiday but everyone else is working. trains, traffic, everything screwed as usual 
is trying to anti-bac her work area to keep the coworkers' germs away. everyone seems to be sick 
I wish everyone would just get along  ah well, c'est la vie
Byee everyone *sadly goes*  xxx
@KayKay89 i guess everyone went out 2nite 
Why is it that when I'm really in the mood to rp everyone dies on me?  
everyone is talking about britney's concerts... i want to go 
doesn't feel loved. i almost choked on an egg and everyone just laughed...   
I hate being yelled at everyone hates me today 
@wolkenmalerin someone showed it to me ;D i think its awesome. so sad   but it's a great documentation. everyone should watch it. &lt;33
@burningsound  poor everyone so I'm guessing meeting up tonight isn't going to happen? maybe we could like do facebook chat or something?
Wishing there was something to do, everyone is busy 
@writetoremember I looooove you toooo! I will, and I hope you have fun with everyone  haha.
Wish he had a twitterberry like everyone else 
oh,everyone's offline.  haha,i'm gonna try to sleep.x) goodnight everyone. or goodmorning those,who is alredy waking up xd
@insearchofnkotb oh no !   What have you been doing with our guys though that everyone has been sick?
at socos with everyone! what happened to the band tho 
is feeling bummed because not everyone will be here tonight 
he said he would call me sometime tomoro to let me know how things are and if everyone's okay...  but i'm still worried.
another early morning  nite everyone
@ThisismyiQ  I agree with everyone but 1!!!!!!sorry 
Morning everyone what you all doing today i got do more  homework 
i agree with everyone... its ridiculously hot outside. 
is up and ready to go! too bad everyone else is still snoring like bears in hibernation 
Jealous of everyone seeing tbs tonight. So jealous  ;___;
@DDsD on the internet, and everyone will think it's fake 
where did everyone go 
@kristylentz  yesy. I wish everyone could just come with me!
cant believe i have a cold,, right before netball starts up  misses everyone already. one more week of school holi's. see everyone soon x
everyone seems to have slept well.. except me 
 mcfly secrets isn't working for me. Is it for everyone esle?
I am awake. But everyone is sleeping  no fair.
I've become addicted to flight control, just like everyone else. High score is 36 so far, not very impressive 
And now anyone and everyone can see my insanity  lol
awe! i wish i was with everyone in new orleans! looks like you guys had a blast!!! 
@hunz yes.  apparently everyone's bugging the dev. He's tweeting everyone to hold their horses. LOL
This crap is boring  Where's everyone?  xD XD
mornin' everyone. it's Moooondddaaayyyy  lol
@calilace awwwww. everyone good ends up being taken, gay, or just not interested 
I feel so far away from everyone! 
@discomaniac i texted everyone. it was a group message!!! 
@stevehicks #sagepay - can't believe they have dropped everyone in it again 
I am sorry everyone. I have failed to win the 200 bucks. 
@KaiBP i kno  i miss everyone...
@SheryleeB I hope everyone feels better soon. 
seems like everyone is tweeting from the club 
Lifes been crazy recently sorry for not paying enough attention to everyone 
@aalexoi I'm jelous that you're there and I'm not  tell everyone I said hi
@tarabramley haha really? purple? interesting! well everyone went to camp, but i didnt.        i love you.
everyone left  ...now i'm a lonely lazy lump...
is wondering what the hell happened to everyone last night?? 
everyone in my house hates me today 
is dreading work and everyone freaking out over the swine flu. must. slap. someone. i need a hug 
will miss everyone sooo much 
wishing i was at bamboozle with everyone else 
I feel absolutely shit and I hate everyone right now 
 just like I thought everyone is busy already. It now depends on lyss...
is sad everyone left me for houston 
  are there any parties tonight!? im hella bored at home, and its seems like everyone is busy!! LAMMMMEEE
i wish we had more home movies... everyone kind of gave up on them when i was like three 
@EETWiz not when ur sober and everyone else is drunk 
everybody is out cept me...... 
@Joelsk_ that's what everyone keeps saying, but I wouldn't know where to find it, don't have any tools, and my plumbing is ancient! 
@dearpacificday cool shit everyone has the same birthday as you la 
@everyone. i will not be attending 19/7 
merlin isnt as good as everyone wanted it to be  but maybe the second ep will do it justice 
Its too early and everyone woke up to go have breakfast 
@limburger2001 and everyone has gone quiet!!! 
what's up what's up what's up everybody?... I'm so bored ! 
Why does everyone hate my cat? 
I'm not going to be able to make this weeks blogtv show, sorry everyone! 
haha i miss everyone over the weekend i really can't imagine summer with out everyone 
can everyone please make a prayer for my mommy 
everybody enjoying don lemon beast on cnn, then i brought up bryant gumble and everybody went  *dead*
everyone saw it. i didn't 
@aieshalovesu it seem like everybody be gettin replies but me 
its damn freezing. and i think im getting tonsillitis like everyone else i know 
@aeropama if that happen, mmg ecah sedeylah! everyone wants to leave me alone! got nothing except the 'internet life'. 
so everyone leaves when i start tweeting? 
@violetbakes @piginthepoke @Sazchik *everyone* was invited! but you're right... weather isn't looking promising 
Ahhh everyone is coughing!! 
good mornin to everyone.... up early 
@marlynn16 haha finally somebody replied me . bullocks everyone was ignoring me 
I can't hook up with anyone today for  a squash game! Everyone's busy 
why did everyone i was texting me stop?  well text me...ladies. 626 374 5195
@samkap bc everyone hates beauty bar  but I love u so much I'd go for u
I need everyone to start praying for good weather for the wedding 
how dare you all have exciting lives  everyone is going out tonight cept me! =(
missing everyone 
@kelley05 I'm so sorry. I hope everyone is alright. 
@mikeystrength aww I misses everyone. 
@viva1amona this is what I get for telling everyone to smell it 
@simonsahari It wasn't me.... Just want to find out what is in fire and if everyone is safe. It's my local area 
ahh, i feel like crap  and i feel sick  blahhhhhhhhhh, hows everyone?
Seems my bad mood earlier chased everyone away  *sniff* I expect I'll get over it  I feel like getting plastered... but it never works!
is loosing everyone 
Everyone's aruguing! I hear everyone downstairs shouting at each other, then the bloody cats start outside. 
everyone's leaving me, lol 
@DebbieFletcher Haha you saw our three person conga?! It didn't seem to go down too well with everyone else 
@jadeeisabel  aw J. my mum laughed cause she thought it was shit and we were in the cinemas everyone else was balling. haha its so sad  ly
I feel like I'm being stared at by everyone 
@nuttychris when i looked just now it wasnt int he cloud  everyone is quiet  #TwitterTakeover
is hulu.com down for everyone? cara needs her dollhouse fix 
@LeahGlass Was great to see you too! We plowed through the rest really fast tho, and missed everyone else.   Sean's a *lot* like his dad!
so sad. everyone left. i miss my roomies. 
No calls...guess everyone is with their moms   I miss mine.
@sarahhcyrus I told everyone you were coming and they got all excited 
aww.everyone's leavin 
gawd, everyone hates me. 
I miss everyone already. 
I'm jealous of everyone graduating this semester  It feels like i'll never get there
@just_press_play seriously, it sucks so much.  i want to just hang out with everyone right now like we used to
Attemping to sleep bcuz everyone else is, thus making me bored. 
@simplysoph007 I'm here! But everyone else isn't 
i am answering a long list of emails sorry everyone for being late in this, been busy 
i do not want honduras to hurry up. im gunna be wwaayy lonely  bbuutt the sooner it gets here.. the sooner everyone comes back to me!! lol
everyone is going for the tweetup??  i'm nottttttt
@catawu It was!  I thought everybody had abandoned me! 
@AlohaBruce tell everyone I say hi - not feeling well 
I see everyone attending #twiist ! Why do I have so much work 
ok where did everyone go 
is so blessed attending the youth camp .. but misses everyone 
@JanaAlyssa agreed he is being made a scapegoat and given everybody loves him its sad to see his career dissolve so quickly 
@girltrumpet  if it makes you feel happier to move then go ahead, but dont leave thinking everyone hates you.
teens arent naked, but i smelled weed on the way down there.  everyone is having fun but me 
jealous of everyone at grand banks right now  i wish i was there
@Runch @hargism Now I have to see it, everyone is talking about it 
@PotFace why does everyone hate it where they live? 
Finally home. I miss @QisWalker. And Laces  I hope everyone's sunday brings smiles and music!
@chrislarvin not everyone like's cycling, read this  http://bit.ly/npz2j
@Grooveecar i'm sure it did. suppose they can't pick everyone so some are always going 2b disappointed  hopefully he'll get another chance
wishing I was at the wedding with everyone 
@jenkinyat @fooie why does everyone only remember M&amp;M taglines? @davidburi u started it again   
 where the flip is everyone?? and has anyone heard from @gillianre this w.end???.............
everyone's leaving already 
Yes i do want some  but peace be with you best and everyone else
my N does not work well. and everyone hates me. 
Where did everyone go? 
I already miss everyone 
Ah hello there everyone, my internet is being rather slow for some reason 
I assume there was an earthquake somewhere, according to everyone's tweets. I'm Canadian. I wasn't informed earlier. 
@_cupcake yikes, sorry to hear that!  just looked it up, hadn't heard. trust everyone is well? take care!
hoping everyone in L.A is okay from the earthquake 
I'm jealous of everyone who got to watch @davidarchie and david cook's concert!!! 
i wrote on my fb, if anyone had any crushes on me, to just speak up, and everyone made fun of me 
hey tweets, what's everyone up to? im majorly lacking in stimulation right now 
@rascoeashley No I'm not conceided  I love everybody and want everyone to live a happy life,but  I love me first.www.Antoniolikeme.com
is with everyone else printing out IT past paers 
@GroveGrapevine I love that shirt... except everyone always thinks I'm some kinda of drunk   #barcamp #tech #coconutgrove
@Paulidwgirl LOL i'm not gone yet but i will miss everyone 
:'( :'( i didn't mean anything to him......i just knew it...even though everyone disagrees well....i just know  fuck my life.... :'(
Driving back... everyone is sleeping 
Thinks its not fair that everyone else is having babies I want one too 
@iamlolweasel why are you, and everyone else, not in 
cut it short for everyone...   It happens with little kids... phooka was playing on the decks and bear was mcin
doesn't want to leave everyone in college     sad times xxx
Just watched 7 Pounds again..  had a good cry     now im going to bed.. goodnight everyone
@kelvineyers yup everyone needs to come in still. It's cold in the morning 
On the late train  whats everyone up to over the bank holiday?
its like now everyone is online 
@terryoleary clearly was not me I went out to get breakfast for everyone and they sabotaged my twit  LOL
I feel like singing my lungs out right now, but everyone is asleep. 
Lol went on that now im all alone though cuz i lost everyone 
@d33pak I know.. not everyone has lazy fridays  @fraands
H.E.C.C 09-04 its over now  we've left x love everyone
@Itsannier aww bless you I've missed everyone lately and not sure how much I'll be on next week either as i'm really busy again 
everybody is going to miami.....and not me 
Really sorry to everyone....please forgive  xxx
heyy everyone!!not feeling too well todayy 
everybody KNOw! 
what's everyone's obsession with orlando?? I'm too poor to go to disneyworld 
@youngmoneyreef Ugh nothing exciting, you? I miss everyone on the tour though! 
Just got off work... everyone left me here in hell paso. please save me 
everyone but me. 
@azrillunatic everyone else gone for lunch except me 
 Ibbabjasbfsaaifj. AHH..I wish everyone lived in the same state haha
Aw! I forget that @dvalbao gets some of my replies to other ppl. Now everyone thought I was making fun 
@fertilitychick *hugs* Overthinking SUCKS   And not everyone gets tired ;)
even though everyone wanted to do a newish song and our teacher agreed :S old grumpy doesn't like us happy  haha
 goodnight everyone.
*sigh* i always disappoint people who get in my way...  everyone .. i'm OUT.. i might disappoint everyone else here..
@RikkAlaniz I'm glad he didn't get too hurt, I know some bad things can happen on motorcycles  you and everyone else are okay too, right?
@NotARichGirl everyone else get all the good stuff!! 
@alisonhaislip I envy everyone on AOTS... 
@arcadianlady eek can't wait to see it!! as well as everyone elses. gahh i don't know what i want  lol
I would do a #FollowFriday, but everyone on my list is already on everyone elses list so what's the point?  I'm just not popular enough.  
#itsucks when everyone but the one i want to text me is texting me! 
@marisatangorra it because your handwriting isnt on any of them. and everyone is making fun of me because im sitting by myseld in the lrc 
@JazzyLadee1908  I try pretty hard to engage everyone I follow! Some of them lack interesting shit to say so they end up unfollowed 
everyone has left me  
I made this huge revelation as I was doing the dishes( that everyone left for me) and now I totally forgot it. I hate when that happens. 
@eincline that's me right now, all I can do is stare at everyone else working on thier laptops 
@dimensionmedia @refreshboca? what is this? is everyone abandoning me?        ;-)
im so tired of my responsabilities i wish i was a kid it seems that everyone around me is all about money and not me anymore 
@Chriscornell why isnt everyone with you? 
Why did everyone seem to leave me this weekend  ....sigh. In bed
Missing everybody  http://myloc.me/21S1
you can't please everybody.  http://plurk.com/p/x32rz
everyone has left me and gone to bed 
You know funny thing about everyone packing for E3 is that I am packing to go to mexico... not E3 
@crazygolfa I think that plus everyone wants to see if the D-train could keep it going - obviously not.  Hopefully he'll bounce back.
Wish I could be in 10 places at once but I can't.  I and everyone else just need to face it there's only 1 of me.
I am missing everyone 
@jfinik everyone needs to leave them alone 
I miss everybody already 
@CandyMaize lol, I'm not exactly going to bed, it just feels like I should be cause everyone else is and now I'm lonely. 
@jgraul20 I already miss everyone though 
everybody seems to be mad at me tonight 
is kinda sad everyone isnt taking her research seriously 
@officialmomsen ... it wasn't me, but she wont believe me and she is going around telling everyone and they all think im a creep now.. 
@emmahorrobin oohhhh so sad!! for everyone you and jess are leaving behind that is 
I wish i could help everyone   im so sad
Why do I have to disappoint everyone 
when i'm on, everyone is like gone or not on ! 
Awww I missed everyone 
bahhh! everyone is hattin' me! and i don care! 
@bettyandboo @Wordlily @bookladysblog Aww, thanks everyone! I feel terrible...I fell asleep and missed everything 
@TJxWaffles It seems everyone loves it 
having a discussion about which decade provided us with the best music. I say the 80's but everyone else seems to be disagreeing with me 
having a discussion about which decade provided us with the best music. I say the 80's, but everyone else seems to be disagreeing with me 
#criticalmass everyone seems to be leaving now, and I have not yet found anyone going in my direction 
@philgatt I don't think I talk too much but everyone else does 
does not want to be in doors while everyone else is enjoying the sunshine!!! 
is sat inside watching everyone sunbathing outside 
working while everyone else is partying. 
Goodmorning to everyone..hope today is a better day for everyone..looks too gloomy outside to feel motivated to do anything 
Where's everybody at?    
awww.. almost everyone's alseep.. 
@kathyxxxx god everyone is coming up with really good headlines 
why does everyone always have to end up leaving... 
awww, everyone gets to go have fun while I'm all depressed and crap and have to do homework 
everyone is in sheaps meadow but meeee 
@_CIGARETTEBURN lol maybe! its a family dog so everyone has to decide together unfortunately  .... at least im getting one though!
It seems like everyone hates me  When I -m them they sign off
why does everyone get dressed last minute? I cant find anyone to take pix 
Night everyone back to work even though im still sick 
i really wonna get to 1000th updates to catch up with everyone  people need to speak to me to help me raise it up and become popular :L x
@KeelaLaniece im bored too  I guess everyone else has a life tonight
i guess everyone is in bed then? not together.. obviously... all apart from me.. 
 everyone deserves to be forgiven.
@theorangemonkey everyone who plays guitar, that is... so not me 
is still a mess...she misses her puppy  thanks to everyone who has been supportive of me while I wallow in my misery
@fairleighbored i don't have that  everyone does but me. XD
@madfabriholic @elizweiland @alibee - sorry to get everyone excited - but at least we have 2 more! Why won't they bring it back? 
Just can't sleep.  But everyone is sleeping. 
I'm sick and tired, but happy to be home, although I miss everyone that I left 
@eosbo @rjrobison @ucbStirling ahhh! everyone's raging w/o me! I'm going to go commiserate with a random italian film 
@philipwang ah everyone is seeing that before me. 
@lesssliemarie tell everyone hi for me 
why do i always feel like this when I'm trying to be social... i know it's me that's the problem and not everyone else.  need to stop it.
@AlyssaVowells she folloWs everyone but me 
says everyone has had their vacation but me!!  http://plurk.com/p/xca6l
says everyone had had their vacation but me!!!  http://plurk.com/p/xcaf6
@gfalcone601 second now?  thats no good, get everyone to vote!
goodnight everyone 
I am passionate about animal welfare...everyone should be aware of what really goes on...everyone of us should try to make a difference 
at dennys with everyone... lol. i'm all sleepy 
doesn't love the sunshine as much as everyone else seems to 
Missing everyone already 
I miss everyone 
@Composure_s0n everyone sins. 
@mattmoorek it is - years of geekery make you forget not everyone knows 
: spend too much time trying to fit in with everyone else. 
@zeppelindog No! but I'm used to you talking to everybody but me 
@jasonphoon not everyone is as educated as u are 
is so bored of revising criminology when the sun is shining outside and everyone else is sunbathing 
heading away from beach now  And now stuck in traffic with everyone else trying to leave!
how come everyone else can see my new avatar but it still shows admiral adama on mine? 
wishing I could go out tonight. had my lesson early but everyone is still at the beach 
#asylm con is over  greetings from everyone!
@ERIKALYNN13 and @marcieiscool  I guess I will just have to get used to it seems everyone one else has guess I am a little behind 
omg lily's new single is 22! not everyone's at it.  still a good choice though
Just watched @JillianMcL and the team drive away. So sad  Jillian tell everyone i love them!
@drewfifield it seems like everybody's seen it except me... 
@admescaj05 ya too bad everyone will always care about what that skateboarding dog thinks 
is jealous of everyone that gets to go to #E3 
Long Car rides are boring when everyone but me is sleepy 
for the love of god, where is all this coverage everyone is seeing?  i can't find anything!! 
I've seen so many nesquick billboards that say &quot;honk if your happy!&quot; but nobody honked cept me  hahah everyone needs to cheer up!!!
Twittah twittah twittah... I do hate when it is late and everyone starts leaving. 
everyone's just going offline 
im missing everything, i hate everyone 
@samanthaisasian ikr! And everyone says its good in 3D 
@alejandranicole everyone twitting about it is one the east coast 
whee, no more stinkin' chinese. everyone else went out but i decided to stay out, because i'm beat. and i have to train later. 
tripped infront of everyone in the main quad today...it was very embarassing  i tried to act like nothing happened..people still noticed..
@kerifrost I missed you too and everybody cause I was all by myself. 
everyone is changing skoolss  i miss tanyahhhhh!!!!!
I miss everyone 
It's officially the holidays now! seems like everybody will be away and/or really busy...  going to miss everyone so much!
@lolipopz2001 I'm trying to persuade everyone to go for lunch! So far no luck 
@tauke  awww ic ic  all of the mainstreams huh 8D ... i guess everyone is a sucker for that-
i miss everyone already  up to run early
all byyy mysheelf cus everyone either has an exam or has gone with @frazzzle to frankie and bennies 
@Dianaforever yep...it sucks. everyone's having same problem 
I'm very sad! I didn't get to say goodbye to everyone!!!!!! 
everyone is bitching and they are saying we have to stay on until maintenance checks it out...hell no!! I want outty!!! 
everyone is making fun of the way i say &quot;dirty&quot; 
Where'd everyone go? 
but I miss everyone already 
@VolumeMinistry  then you should take everyone else's too!
It's not fair that the sun makes everyone else feel lovely when it makes me feel poorly  sad banana
so whats is everyone up to ? #xa be bored 
@averyps Pllleeease don't post any spoilers because I haven't seen it yet  and everyone's saying how great it was lol
@kagillogly :O But...but me no want to eat the entire world and make everyone go away and make cookie go away! 
@ashtonmelancon I know, everyone else has loads more spymasters 
How's it going everyone?! I feel like I'm never on here anymore 
@midgit5521 i was wondering where you went. almost everyone's gone now! 
@adamschoales hi! im trying to say hi to everyone individually but im slow at this 
whats up everyone? bored 
Where'd everyone go?  I guess I'll bbl too...
@ninbin7 roar! tell everyone i say hi and i'm sad i couldn't come 
@DaveB41 I know! But not everyone so I'm sad that this is not working for some folks. 
@annazwanziger everyone hates me anna. 
@AmanduhNicole aww I'm sorry  I feel like that happens to everyone that's why I'm never changing my pic ! haha
I'm losing everyone I've ever cared about... 
@princ3sskrys10 It's sad how we always have to join the party after everyone has seen something.  
Ah, I see, everyone is not very talkative 
soo upset at eveyone right now. 
why is it that everything i do, is so important and everyone has an comments... idc anymore 
ugh idk if i can read more of order of the phoenix. everyone is so mean to molly  harry is emo 
wtf happend to everyone 
everybody left me   i go back
It hurts to know that you treat everyone you meet the same, and that every word you said, was already said to someone else 
So, I just don't follow everyone who follows me (at least, immediately) due to the fact that not everyone is real. Makes me sad 
I miss everyone  I wish I could have it both ways.
goodmorning everyone, holiday in italy today, but not for everyone 
I feel like a bad blogger - it's hard keeping up with comments and finding time to visit everyone. 
everyone seems to be busy with something, except me 
hmm. i've been abandoned by everyone.  everyone went to sleep. fuck.
Why's nobody tweeting today?? Is everyone unlucky enough to be at school/ work? I'm ill  i'm not sure if I'm lucky or not LOL
WTF everyone is saying smig 
@rickdsilver  I think she is visiting everyone ugh 
I'm sorry for everyone who was affected by the Airfrance disaster 
@inedia_bella @ wantsize0 - that'll just mean you look really young while everyone else has wrinkles! people always think i look older 
@inedia_bella @wantsize0 - that'll just mean you look really young while everyone else has wrinkles! people always think i look older 
SO jealous of everyone going to E3 
I despise doing user audits   I suppose everyone gets a tedious task every now and then.
ahhh noooo.....now everyone will know I'm gullible 
www.myspace.com/mcr_is_cool_xd   .....nobody likes me everybody hates me 
@bunz23q lol i know, everyone is talking about it lol  you going to the other one?
@oliverwalton ahh I hate that program :@ also means everybody loves raymond isn't on in the mornings because that is 
everyone is asleep but me 
@greenoliverr i got everyone except jana 
..but everybody seems to be against my decision. Why, oh why?! 
i'm very sad to hear about everyone's cat woes 
i miss everyone 
@twistlickndunk AHAHAHAHA I love your picture.  It's cute. We are the same. I AM NOT EXCITED. Not like everyone else, okay.
everyone follow @HabbohutFM coz it has now friends loner much 
@amykate *wails* everyone has tea and treats!!! This makes me blue... 
I can't help wondering if they were delivered so late because of the area I'm living in?  When did everyone else get theirs?
Hoping everyone stays healthy and doesn't get the flu! 
everyone ignores me.. 
is everybody still sleepin? 
Omj everyone is either busy or in an exam  grrrrr
@tony_kahn you're replying to everyone but me 
@RealHatter Have you tried any good wines lately? And I've been busy and haven't been on much. I miss everyone 
@Dangerkev ahhhhhhhh i need to get that from you!! I can't find my copy!!! haha...everybody missed you tonight 
@CorduroryNinja I was downloading it, then you posted everyone quit.  I stopped the 16gig download. 
I should have tried harder,  I let everyone down :'(  here I go getting all teary eyed
@caitlinw13 yes please  everyone was having a jolly old time and i well felt like a weird loser loner.
wow. first twit. i feel like a loser. haha. chorus, sinqinq in front of everyone. 
Baaaaah, everyone just goes away 
R.I.P to everyone that was on flight 447.. smh that's crazy 
I wish everyone I knew was a @neilhimself fan 
@mactds i agree! so fun to see all of the games and meet everyone. But work goes on 
@BobHernandez awwwww  everyone goes to all the rest of the shows  oh well.. Tellim I say hi.
R: sorry to everybody who was planning to come out to the firemans carnival but we got rained out 
This prop 8 thing has so much people in a bad mood  come on everyone will will win the next one!! cheer up!!!
everyone is annoying me and its getting in my nervs , i miss i need a gig 
Why is it that some of the guys everyone thought were so amazing in high school are so whack now  Lol
@KristeenKennedy he cleaned out his inbox, therefore deleting it from everyone else's. 
I don't know what i'm going to do tonight! It seems like everyone i know is busy 
High school is a wrap! We're finally done! I'll miss everyone  Best of luck to everyone in the future.
movie night cancelled... seems like everyone has a job but me! 
@SheBAButterfly i'll restart, it'll take a minute    my apologies to you and everyone in there
why is it that i feel everyone is ignoring/mad me.. 
Aww there's no internettt hereee  everyone has iphones lol
I miss everyone out there  lol  I really miss my fwends..
why does everyone else think of good #robotpickuplines and i can't  LAME.
Graduation  i love sarah and brandon. and everyone else.
I miss tradition, and everyone   idk what i would do without christa and @stephengonzalez
bored..everyone has left and gone out..and im stuck in 
@catharsiss I think everyone else has gone to bed 
I miss @taylorxtrauma @xtravistragedyx @sillyboyasher @phoenixflapjack @jeffe_ishred @patriik94 @jjamess ambi and basically everyone 
i miss @BrittanyASnow  whats everyone up to lol
When everybody enjoy they weekend.. Me,, have to work!! 
twittter keeps crashing for me! i'm going to bed, dad's tomorrow  sweeeet dreams everyone ;)
@DriftorX yeah, i think everyone is, they are working on it I guess 
@dropslash I can't wait to see them! I've been living vicariously thru everyone's E3 pics 
@shygamer and everybody went to bed...  Friiiiick!
@gregorybayne I tried to disqualify everyone, but they said that wasn't allowed! 
goodnight to everyone, even the tweeters who don't follow me  
bored stiff...everyone abandoned me. home alone. 
@stormey09 but now u told everyone else!!! 
@jesssicaraymond it's not fair..  everyone has gotten a reply from @Jessocaveronica except me 
Morning everybody, just started raining here in truro  http://myloc.me/2Mbm
im so bored everyone? 
hello everyone,i have a li'l problem on my computer so i can't always online....  
everyone is going to oasis but me 
@Rachhhhx  everyone loves you. including me 
up early had plans last nite with 3 different ppl and bailed out on everybody. I only wanted to be with him but as always he was workin 
@brittnayvelez i know!! working weekends sux, cause everyone else if off and partying 
Why does everyone text me when I'm asleep? 
@Mikemo327  everyone is going to be there wowzersss 
about to get ready for some serious calm... although everyone else is gone 
awake ... everyone else is still sleeping including my dog 
I want to go outside and play, but everyone is still sleeping. 
@katemthompson having a good weekend so far? And I'm still sorry about everyone giving you a piece of their mind 
Takes forever for everybody to get ready. 
@staceybethh that shits so sad, i was at a party here and everyone was crying 
@laurenren I was wondering where everyone went. When I sleep too late I miss out on food 
I miss everybody so much! 
@vinababygirl @kiwi_biwi i'm here at the hospital getting bad news  and everyone else is having fun.  *KayG*
So  everyone has the weekends off but me!!!  
should stop following everyone for a little while 
is doing pretty much nothing as everyone is busy studying  mumbai calling much ;)
everyone says i have really weird eyes!  they run in the familyy.
@echiebabe yes  everyone was shocked when they knew about it!
@LaNinaFresa i know i wish i could go  tell everyone i say hi
@CanonChristine damn yo I didn't know everyone was goin I wouldve went 
wishing everyone (including me) wasn't so busy all the time, because i never get to see the people i care about 
@stephenjeean he being mad stingy! he like talkin to everyone else but not me  not cool
I feel so disconected from everybody today!I'm so bored, what is everybody doing with their lives?! 
@tnsltwn Me too! But everyone seems to disagree 
@verwon it's happening to everybody!! sux 
@jazzyfresh422 I miss everyone so much too. 
aw everyone's walking in  sad moment.
everyone is off anniversary'ing without me 
@ahhamanda everyone went up to the damn river 
sent everyone to bed, a good noght was had by all - i missed you 
I think I'm turning in, now that the reggae has shut down.  how considerate that they wanted to share with everyone in a 5 block radius 
i JUST realized that my dad's in wyoming about half an hour ago. i was in the dark. everyone kept this from me. 
It makes me sad that everybody thinks that i hate them. Even if they are kidding. 
@knauticus no  couldn't find anyone to go..everyone is at work so I may just cook tonight..we'll see
Missing everyone. 
death is such a... confusing thing.  goodnight, everyone.
@jfer32075 everyone in my family gets tan but me 
I thought I loved him age dosent matter to me. But it seems to matter to everyone else 
Thinking about how much I don't want everyone to graduate tomorrow. Some of my best friends are leaving &amp; things will never be the same. 
stupid song made me cry! i thought i was fine, obviously not! i miss everyone.. 
Shit.  I'm starting to have E3 withdrawals.  I seriously miss EVERYONE.  Why does everyone live so far away?  
@WerewolfSeth Aww, everyone left. 
what made me the sad was that everyone on the team (esspecially the table i was at) thought it was me, I could here them saying it was me 
 i'm bored &amp; apparently everyone hates me tonight.
why's everybody sleeping? 
so everybody is officially out of nextel.. i dont have anybody to chirp anymore...  ... I guess its about time to get a new phone...
The warriors lost 18-10  but at least i had fun hanging out with everyone!
is kinda sad.  What's everyone else up to?
Ladeda it's sunday everyone and I have a hangover.  pity me.
@JLSFORNUMBER1 I know  cos I think once they follow one person everyone will start harrasing them ! x
im all on my own  lol everyone went out and left me ahahah
I really regret not staying in high school :/ I thought seeing everyone at prom would suck but seeing everyone's grad pics are killing me 
@LadyCruella yah.. me too. I was shocked.  now I can't follow everyone 
@colourfulponies I got left out when everyone went and saw it. 
@90inthereszone ....how is it not the same note? stupid composers ruining music for everyone  lol
@LLCOOLDAVE I kinda wanted to see that movie even though everyone kept sayin it was crappy. I still coulda bootlegged it!! *folds arms* 
@littlehallie  noooooooo. dude, you dont even know. last night i was thinking about everyone and i realized how much i really need you
@alexishrawr     duh i miss you     i miss everyone
I am going to be emo for a minute.. everyone is leaving me 
why does everyone say christofer is a jerk! he's nice 
Really bad accident on 75  hope everyone is ok
@lanajade congrats!!! now instead of lung cancer from your own smoking you can get it from everyone elses!!  hahaha
everyone; @jenipoynter_x has exceeded her daily tweet limit; everyone feel sorry for her 
final packets!  then meeting everyone at rehearsal ;)
@fairydust831 yeah everyone left. 
omg...has everyone heard how much miley tickets are.....  grrrr.....everything i like is expensive!
feel like a kid on punishment looking out the window at everyone else having fun 
@nikkitictac WAAAAH. I miss everyone. 
I don't want everyone to leave 
OR at least everyone else I know needs to stop going on vacation so I don't feel so sad about it... 
@biglime same  I googled it and its the same for everyone, probly jst isn't up yet
wow what is with everyone going to ny after i left first ftsk now nick santino. 
@alandavies1 Too late.. everyone's talking about it 
im trying to not hate everyone 
Beach is awesome! I luv everyone here! And I miss jrdn 
@PonieD yes we will! I'm nervous cause i'm leaving everything and everyone behind 
@e_yang just kiddingg! everyone likes you. im jealous 
It seems everyone has died. 
ok everyone keeps asking me if the seats on both sides of me are taken and i say no. they proceed to give me a weird look 
it's hard trying to find everyone i was following 
I'm back everyone 
might I remind everyone how much I despise hospitals. 
@krissybri everyone hates my lakers 
@squishymatter sorry to hear that  What about everyone else?
@kinaj it's not for everyone... 
is mad, everyone is texting me accept for the person I want to talk to 
I am going now everyone..HUGS to you all...xo    
I thought everyone won somethong in vegas 
Totally jealous of everyone that got to watch the true blood season premiere. I missed it 
@jasongaunt yeah I just loved consuming everyone i was just addicted to doing that, sick i know 
@Giggles_xo  'cause otherwise they will be mean to me  and say im no good and everyone will then watch me
I hate this balancing act between best friends and guys. How is one supposed to make everyone happy? 
I'm slaving myself away as everybody else is on leave 
everyone dogging me for camp... 
But i'm missing everybody that is doing it 
@cMizen I know how you feel, everything just seems odd. And I miss everyone, all this just turning up for exams is crap 
@Rheadieuk everybody is new once I paid for both 
@BeaMarqz IMY2 hell i miss everyone. too bad i have swine flu 
i wish i could make everyone happy, even just one person....feeling sad...hate feeling sad   
@maliajonas  LUCKYY how come you didnt have to go? it was shit, everyone said the day was quick but for me it dragged on and on and on...
Aww tooth pains!  and everyone else is asleep 
@iyazialcita our doodles! and the palanca we gave everyone. 
@jonasbrothers kevin promised me a pic :p everyone pushed me 
*sighs and yells* i have no interwebs im at the stupid library trying to let everyone know  i'll be back when i can
@stillunique lol ive been hearing it from everyone, the guy who I sold my ticket to was like, why did you choose not to go again 
Bebos being gay and only letting me reply to certain ppl and not everyone 
just got back from a boat ride, it was beautiful! love london, still miss everyone though  i'll live...haha
@james__buckley oh dear  is everyone being mean to you??!
I miss everyone already. 
@charlenechang apparently everyone is a celeb magnet except me 
@ChoclateSamurai yeah i know everyone tells me my car is cursed. 
@ladibrownsugar no go for the parade  my boss won't be here for the next two days...so everyone else has to be here! she must've known
@beaveyOne I know everyone loves their iPhones...but I don't want to switch providers.  
Wants some fruit or bill millers but everyone is asleep 
I finally get on chat and everyone is gone 
@hekangrui and now everyone I've ever met has said that. 
ugh i'm so annoyed. with everyone! 
I wonder why everyone is up in arms over at&amp;t not letting everyone upgrade to the iphone 3gs early... everyone feels entitled to freebies 
@AlyssaTwomey everyone is being jerkz  how will my goal ever be attained!
@PITX08  I'm soooo bored. Where did everyone go?
Is apparently the worst stalker ever since everyone im stalking knows im stalking them 
everyone makes mistakes 
@Leslieasullivan oh  so is everyone I know honestly 
@IamAnaisSalayah awww, u left us out   lol well cant speak for everyone lmfao!!!
is very sad because everyone has left her 
i would really like to know why everyone that pre-ordered the album got it and i did not. 
@newmanzoo 1. I'm saving a place for everyone in hell, right next to me. b. there was a game?! I missed it. poo! 
i'm currently very happy. but everyone else is sad. 
and after the embarassment of falling infront of everybody and watching them laugh, I still did not catch the skytrain. 
everyone misses diana 
@robynlj ugh everyone's seen it except meeee  !!!!
everyone say a prayer for my dad tonight...he's not doing the best.  
@drewseeley yeah i still haven't seen it but everyone i know has  *love noodles*
@LibbyAnn4015 everyone. everyone i talk to doesnt reply  but they do to other ppl
says goodbye, I'm isolating myself from everyone. I can't take this anymore.  http://plurk.com/p/118g3w
how does everyone think that shes talking about justin....? i mean really, whys everyone think that? 
@JCookOnline jonathan after midnight snack is getting everyone fat 
How come everyone is going to sleep and I'm still stuck here?!? No fair!! 
i am sooo jealous of everyone who is getting LVATT right now @ midnight....i still have to wait about 7 hours 
@TaylorWayland i guess......everyone does it in science 
@xxCachyxx  now everybody is mad at me 
meh yet again in another over everyone/everything kinda mood 
i wish i can go jump in the shower and get ready, but if i do i'll wake everyone up 
@luv_the_radke we should  cause not everyone can get into the buddy chat 
ARGHHH why do i live in such a hole? everyone is getting LVATT cept me 
I wish I could emotionally be just like everyone else  I'm too sensible...
@Clumsyflic And.... when you vote its adding votes to everyone else too! 
good morning everyone... i am so like running late ..i over slept now the kids is going to be late 
lonely morning. everyone is gone 
everyone is going to see aerosmith and dropkick murphys except for me 
Seems like everyone is having sex except me   
It's like everyone's flying off to somewhere I ALSO WANT 
Just woke up and can't figure out where everyone is.  
why can't i see everyone i follow through tweetdeck groups? 
So they are waiting for everyone to get back from lunch to start laying ppl off 
just got into manchester, i miss everyone already    i want to move to england.
is missing everyone so much already, please come back... 
@stonernation thanks guys. I don't know what happened I followed everyone who flwd me yesterday. And no, I didn't clean up did that b4. 
@BretiaShea @abcarroll @Ashonte @3nigmatic3nigma  i miss you guysss. hahaa everyone is there and i'm herree... 
I can't find anyone.  is everybody still sleeping??
@TomFelton yeah pretty much everyone is pissed at apple they screwed us over not so much fun 
@AngieBCool smh...everyone has a curve 
Goodmorning everybody (: it's raining it's pouring outside and I don't think I have an umbrella to walk with 
@billbeckett I wish I too was able to partake in that but I sadly have to work  can you tell everyone I say hi for me
Wish I could make it tonight http://twtvite.com/w51zy6 - have fun everyone. 
wow everybody goes up and i go deep down till the very bottom and nothing but someone can get up !!! 
@RelleY808 yeah i kept my comment to myself, i really wanted to say HAHA!! but then everyone would have known i was looking at dong 
is sad because everyone is getting a puppy except her.... 
still not tired but now everyone is off mns 
still pissed off  decided to just goto bed, goodnight everyone &lt;3
@JustineZeisman ugh, that's what everyone says and yet I still haven't been! 
I miss everyone 
http://twitpic.com/7l9l3 - everyone thinks blackie's so ugly  i hate you if you do
It seems that everyone got that they wanted except me. 
can't breathe  hello nyquil &amp; tissue, good night everyone else.
trying to find everyone 
Headphones slide off. goodnight. I hope everyone feels better. 
I don't understand this whole twitter thing that everyone is so crazy about.  I want to see the light!!!
1K left, everyone rooting for me (chip+chair), but was not to be.  q8c, had a 4 flush after flop, but no other club came 
it's happening again . . . everybody coupled up  on bueno
this is so messed up, take care everybody 
Why does everyone want me to be gay? 
@diddyloco aw I miss everyone 
all i can hear is snoring. I hate that noise. But I'm jealous that everyone else is still asleep 
I miss eating fruits! I miss my everyone 
thinks she should sleep. it's oficially 5 and mostly everyone is asleep, so boring 
kind of sad that I didn't receive a high five from edgar but everyone else did.... that is sexist 
im waiting for everyone to wake up....damn cold, i cant sleep 
@GHmltn was wondering how everyone managed to change it-mine won't do anything anyway 
where's everyone at ? seriously. its kinda lonely tonight 
Every feel like no matter how hard you try, you can't please everyone? 
does not know why everyone hates me 
missing everyone 
@1capplegate everybody did! 
I really want to see the hangover but I'm pretty sure everyone went to see it already 
Just bought a subway and sitting by myself because everyone else is in exams 
@emboosh yup =] =] =] =] =] i cant wait to see everyone ... cause like at wembley everyone was meeting up and i couldnt go !!! 
How is the sync feature working for everyone? It doesnt seem to work too well for me  #tweetdeck
I feel left out, I already have 3.0 and everyone is creaming over it, and I just well can't 
everyone is installing 3.0 but me... left my mac at home  hope it goes well with everyone!
everybody: prayers for @alidietz club lexus.  she has to come back to life.
i swear everytime i get online, everyone gets off of twitter 
the tornado missed me this time, But hit the county right below me  Hopefully everyone is okay.
the tornado missed me this time, but hit the county below me  Hopefully everyone is okay. (#peterfacinelli)
 everyone hates canada! No @Mileycyrus and no @mitchelmusso who wants to road trip to fargo to see @mitchelmusso cause i sure am!
I'm in a really bad mood. And everyone around me knows it - sorry guys. 
technology that once was messing up all of a sudden works again. WTF. sadly not everyone i know is having the same success. 
I just txtd everyone in my phone and nobody didn't hit me back 
everyone seems to be having chicken...now i want some.  
I miss everyone 
@cmlp  it's everyone.. 
It so crazy  And dangerous for everyone!!!
bored.. &amp; i hate this taste in my mouth.. BLEH! i need to hurry up &amp; get better! everyone's going out!! 
@doesnogood umm... why don't we hang out anymore?!? All everyone does is work! 
missing everyone like craaazyyy 
@phoenixgurly because i miss everyone. 
so now everyone is sad. 
@emokidsloveme Aw...ty. I've been missing everyone, too! I've been swamped, and when I finally break free, everyone's asleep. 
@dee0921 everyone (meeee!) from school misses you too  &lt;3 haha
wishes time would stand still so i can fix everything i have broken and tell everyone how much they truely mean to me...  
I wish I could see everyone at IMATS. 
I feel alone!  And that no one wants to do ANYTHING with me it's everyone else! I don't care anymore!!!!
Why does it seem like everyone's out but me  helllllla sad haha
@nickjonas i want to set this straight i am going to be persistant. you keep replying to everyone else's replies 
@ROCBOYJIG  nothin..seem like everyone is gettin on my nerves toniteeee
@okgo I had the same problem! Seems everyone loves you guys! 
@underinlove im just tired of everyone. everyone frustrates me to no end 
not going out for lunch yet leh.... everyone gone...left me alone 
@PancakesFries True that. it's making me crazy how much it's happening, it's happening to everyone seemingly. sad stuff 
sad  becuz everyone in the world is asleep but me ;(
I think everybody can be genius,but we dont keep dreaming to be,and I am one of them . 
I think everybody can be a genius,but we dont keep dreaming to be,and I am the one of them . 
im done with everything i need to do,packing is done the car is loaded. i will miss everyone so much  leaving at 4:00 in the morning. 
Wow the mood has gone to shit everyone is angry I needa get out of here  anyone feel my pain?!
okay, i am spamming everyone's timelines.  *goes to sleep, finally*
@julianantonio it is so boring here!!!! i want to do something but everyone is fucking sleeping!!!! ggggrrrrrrrrr 
@alannahapple no, he is done  finished, everyone.
everyone got their calls, not me  haha aww
i LoVe my kenny pooh  hope everything turns out great love u and want everyone to know it 
so quiet with everyone at #tweetupmellers 
@rozie17  i thought you were coming todayyy! haha shit. appaz everyone did not that great so meh, over school. will you be coming tomoz?
#squarespace, everyone's getting a new iPhone but me  please give me one! I need it!
@padraybear but everyone and their mom has that 
#squarespace I think everyone is winning but me 
 i wish i could sleep in like everyone else.
missing everyone already!!  &lt;3
:S everyone's done with school...but I'm not  sucks!
@yougotmichelle Congrats! Not everyone got one. 
@bevysmith everyone is always correcting her. 
Yes sir.  Just got sang too.  The ladies at the office made everyone sing to me 
@michaelkmak well ladida!  I don't really know their songs except for that one, I figured it was the one everyone knew 
everyone is leaving... 
Wondeing why my casatiello was so dense while everyone is happily enjoying theirs 
ello! did everyone already leave 
The pharmacy i work in is being closed down, everyone got canned. 
Wow everyone really wants to slap me 
@samanthacorriee i miss everyone 
i got internet again and now everybody is too busy 2 talk 2 me. 
#inaperfectworld everybody would get along 
shalalaaaaa everyone's gone to bed 
dandysmalls is gone  everyone needs to stop leaving
i only have 474 updates. this is what happends when i don't have texting like everyone else 
everybody say that everything has a happy ending .. but i dont think so, becasue the endings are the worst part of the story 
alright just letting everyone know that i prob wont be on for awhile due to this stupid virus  i'll miss you!
fuck the world and everyone in it. 
Why does everyone hate me so much?????????????   
@JaY_ReeD59 I know right? She was all i had since everyone else lives in the westbank 
Everybody seems to be sick ???  I hope everyone feels better 
everyone needs to text me i dont have any numbers 
R.I.P  papa!        ...everyone put   #peterfacinell to make #peterfacinell a trending topic  do it fer peter every one
@brittany_kulick   so sad to leave everyone, but so excited, too! come get pinkberry with me!
everyone is traveling overseas but me... argh! so unfair... 
Getting to the bottom of this uhf/vhf problem.  While everyone is out 
@fffence I know right! Apparently everyone else knows though 
I hate when i can't sleep and everyone else is completely zonked out 
@richmmz I think I'm going back pretty soon but  everyone is moving around
@jamielynn0514 so jealous I'm missing the fun!!!   tell everyone hi and I miss them and hurry home to me lol
#inaperfectworld the #iranelection would be resolved and everyone would get some #goodpussy. But we won't because #gokeyisadouche 
@StephenMulhern my gosh they make me laugh sooo much!! so gutted i can't go to see everyone on tour!! 
@rehmxo shes been such a bitch to me  shes like 'your stopping everyone fr4om learning' but really everyone started drawing on me 
You're changing, They're changing, everybody is changing  http://plurk.com/p/122imz
Sytycd reality blows turns out I can't  goodnight everyone
note to self: not everyone likes to be texted in the mornings. im teh only freak who gets up early for fun. 
@peterfacinelli aww i'm sorry  you're fans will help you get to 500,000 hopefully! so everyone, spread the word!
i hate it! now that everybody seems to love it!  http://plurk.com/p/122zmk
#inaperfectworld i would have time for everything and everyone i love. 
i am wayyy behind everybody! 
I lost everyone 
I'm soRy everyone I feel like shit... 
Wish I could just tell the truth  It's better to hide than upset everyone, right ?
everyone thinks my lips are sexy.because its swollen. sigh 
@sindreholme say hi to everyone for me 
@phantomzangel to tell strangers he is back and for him to deny his love for us  after all the hard work is what got everyone pissed off
@juliaroy Is everyone okay? I hope the fire has been contained or will be contained soon. 
aww.. everyone's depressed  what happened? is this some kind of curse?!
great, now everyone thinks i'm a pedo 
@Roshyyy why why. what happened  i miss you guys so much!!! tell me whats going on with everyone??
So proud everyone's retweeting my typo.  (changed)
@katieparkerrr  finnee i'll do it later! you should know we were first. um hello...like everyone landed here first. us virginians shou ...
UGH Why is it thats everyone insits on waking me up?  Just let me sleep pleaseeeeeee. Too late now -___-
It sucks when everybody gets paid... and you don't 
is going to sleep now.. nyt everyone  (sleeping) http://plurk.com/p/129200
tell everyone to follow me @keyrenita I only 80 followers 
@below_sealevel   like everyone is backing out   so sad.
why did everyone have to grow up so fast ? 
@chickwoman97 everyone i guess  im just feeling forgotten in general i guess
i wish i was going to see jack tonight in jers with everyone 
what the hell?!?! why does it take them so long to publish results? everyone has got them already 
Why does everyone hate me? 
Why does everyone i know but me get to move to the boston area 
@causticbob erm well for just about everyone else yeah...haha it's 01:07. why? did you want me to leave  .... :p
damn who knew food could be so fu*kin expensive!! But I had to get enough for everybody  dang!
@mrwonderful1991: why does it seem as if everyone is opposing our union? 
missing everybody 
so I overslept and now everyone is mad at me 
everyone should pray for @caitlinbyrne fish 
I'm jumpy, should be sleepy  And I have a lot to say but everyone has gone to bed.
 okay have a good evening everybody.
Man it is quiet on here tonight! I guess everyone else is out... and poor me is at home like a loser.  boo
I already miss everyone 
@agonyofvictory i should have seen year one by myself everyone i know is working 
Why do i always have to believe everyone? im so stupid. now im crying. and i want to scream. 
@queenofblending I'm so jealous of everyone going to the IMATS! 
ooh  everyone is leavin
ok so everyone is saying that the 3G S is really fast...now I am sad  I want
laptop is about to die  I'm off to bed its almost 1230am! G'nite everyone
@jillianyson awwww tell everyone I say hello and I miss them 
Everyone makes mistakes but not everyone should have to know that you did 
@shoegal1888 cause they have DICKS and think theys better than everyone 
everybody left now 
I hate days like today when everyone is too busy too text me. Or how everyone is at the same thing but you. I wish I was more free 
@CityGirl912 because you left to go to bed  and when everyone left, I was very sad
@melissapwns NO! why do i always miss everyone! 
I'm so bored right now, everyone else must be sleep or out having a blast  
@NKSuseDHTweep I see that probably because everyone was asking him about it....I feel bad for him whatever happened 
wanted to see year 1 but everyone's saying its crap!!  may have to rethink that now!
guess not  night everyone.
@robynnnnnn you got outvoted by everyone else 
had a great bday, but is def paying for it right now...   thanks everyone for coming!
@Chrissyisms oh aye love, that seems to be the M.O. nowadays, and it's so much worse since the west went all extreme right on everyone 
@shaaqT u r offering everyone tea nd u forgot me...bad very bad 
everyone's so busy studying  I don't have anyone to chat with...*o*
eh. everyone's gone to bed 
sorry didn't realize it would DM everyone!  i thought i could pick who it sent to 
@RaraACTIVE @aussiemcflyfan doesnt everyone? 
where did everybody go 
How does everyone stay up so late?!  I'm tired as hell...
lol now he's kicking everybody out...i want breakfast 
Woohangover almost gone..! Finally.. I'm sorry everyone..! 
I sure know how to make everyone go away 
 i hope everyone is ok!
SORRRRRYYY  I';ve got everyone talking about it! I've started a rumour and i didnt even intend too :L:L
I wish i could be going to cherryville with everyone 
here in the park everyone is running while I sit in a bar eating ... 
just talked to mum- tired of everything; I really miss my sister  - everyone's already left hosp.
http://bit.ly/124s7C im scared for everyone of us  spread the word nobody really knows about it
@angelaL jealous! everybody going to the new stadium but me 
im going now cause everyone is so unsocial 
I'm nobody to everyone 
@ashleighLhilton i have no idea. it all kicked off with those somalian diks and police came so everyone went   xxx
wow how come everyone gets bored of loving me?? 
Is wishin she knew what to do so that her parents would stop fighting.  why cant it all work out and everyone be happy??
Hates that she has to go to work when everyone else gets to have fun  At least I am off on the fourth!!!!
pissed off at my karate instructor cuz he yelled at me in front of everyone telling me what i did wrong... 
@AllHaleRose i dont know  she disappered and so did everyone else... and she lobs me more!
@mileycyrus everyone knows where you are. who you're with. and what you're doing. i wish i was there  please come to chicago!
 where did everybody go ???????????
@Dannymcfly  You answered everyone, and dont reply me! i'm very sad  HAHA
@barrydecr I want it to stoooooop! haha. I feel bad for spamming everyone 
I told my psychiatrist that everyone hates me. He said I was being ridiculous - everyone hasn't met me yet  
.... haha we practically stalked him after the show... Thanks to bri i didnt get to say goodbye to everyone  ~deedsss
everyone is drinking but me  i have to drive
I dont know anybody here  everybody is on facebook 
@ScottRhodie everyone is ill or busy  lol. U know what I may just do that!
where the fuck is everyone? 
watching movies alone now.  everyone else is in bed.   
@LivingRheum I so wish everyone could understand that. sometimes the public hasn't got a clue! then when we tell them they get all upset 
sadness  i miss everyone!
 why can't people understand when you want to keep a wedding small that you can't invite everyone you know?
@withgoodworks 'tis all my fault. I kept everyone up :S 
In an alward situation now- everyone ganged up on me-  help!
one of my next door neighbours is moving out. why is everybody leaving 
soooooo bored, everyone is busy or doesn't want to do anything 
Now i'm wondering why i came, everyone ignoring me 
@AlexAllTimeLow haha, i wasn't even done blocking everyone 
@BaddKittie89 that one is far lol but super big... I don't smoke  just watch everyone do it and attempt to pass it at me at my crib
@liliona not everyone!! U haven't even tried me 
@mantisknight  I'm sorry dude, thanks so much for everything last weekend, I'm sorry for working everyone so hard but I hope you had fun!
everyone pray for my mom to be alright. 
Feeling so unless... everybody is studing and I don't know anything  hahaha
have to go once again goodnight everyone 
10% to go...daaang,it never takes this loong!  super sorry everyone!
It seems like everyone is goin to bed now im up by myself 
@piyushchitkara doesnt everyone ?! no choice though  ..
I'm bored. And everyone is asleep. 
H1N1 is making everyone busy.... 
yaaaay tweet tweet i'm a leek that's eaten by a shark.  hiiiiii everyone! i are le BAKKU!!!!
The trouble with weekends is that everyone else gets to relax but me 
@HHumes its happening to everyone 
@crupuscular everyone i know feels horrid 
@kitpatlecter i can't stop sneezing. perhaps i have fallen under everyone's curse  booooo.
i think everyone has gone to sleeep. 
btw everyone, happyfatherssday!(: ;D my daddy isn't here!  ;p
btw everyone, happyfathersday  my daddy aint here! 
@_kavita I'm hoping they're not mine, but at the same time - I don't want anyone's to have been deleted... everyone looked so pretty 
Why does it feel like everyone went/is going to korea except for me?  hmph.
Leaving T.O. soon  Thanks to everyone for the good times, places to crash, free food, and making me go over my budget!
@forge1818 your last two tweets are so different.  An optimist, but everyone is so hurtful... 
@theshuhui suju is sooooo cute!!!! i think kibum is really sweet...even though everyone loves him 
fuck! its11:41 , i have to get ready and clean my room before everyone gets here at ONE!! ahhh 
I'm sad because when you grow you can't have friends that are guys, everyone think you'resomething more 
getting ready to leave the lodge and saying goodbye to everyone 
@jacobbrwr ...meaning not everyone that has one tweets often 
i really miss you and everyone. 
You just cant keep everyone happy!!!!! 
sitting in my room, i really dont want to leave everyone 
being jealous and missing everyone 
@natalielealand ahhh right, i had him for my first one. he was really nice, wasn't he? in fact, everyone there was really nice 
alabama is the state that everyone makes fun of 
Oh that sucks. Not everyone can see my emoticons. 
is surprised at J&amp;K+8 divorce filing, even though everyone saw it coming. I was hoping they were announcing counseling. 
http://twitpic.com/851zw - @TheDarkDays I guess it isn't the best for everyone. 
@Pinksage seems to be happening to everybody as of late 
That's terrible  I'll definitely pray for everyone.
My thoughts and prayers go out to everyone affected by the metro accident  http://bit.ly/q3O40
My apologies to everyone I'm suppose to be writin for , I've had writers block for like a week now ... 
everyone spoiled J&amp;K+8 for me  but i already knew it ahh :'(
everyone is talking about my idol (beyonce) I wish I cld afford 2 see her 
oh great, everyone is going on holidays 
I wish everyone would leave @perezhilton alone. I hope this isn't the end of him. 
I'm very jealous of everyone going to see transformers tonight 
took the dogs for a drive!! missing 18469 sooo much and everyone there!  writing letters and sending packages td
I'm sorry for everyone who has to spend time with me  it isn't my intention be so mean  and it sucks that nobody understand me and j ...
Still not feeling to good  been in bed since 10 this morning. Thanks for the feel better wishes from everyone.
I fell asleep, and everyone decided to leave me and go explore.  At least I have a view...
Wishing I was going to cornerstone...  everyone is so stoked on it.
okay i restarted my computer and my msn still won sign in. i feel so disconnected from everyone 
Where's everybody gone 
I miss everyone from K4 
i should be in ohio with @silverstein &amp; @omgstephanie right now seeing @shanetold &amp; @xpaulx and everyone else  blahhhhhh.
i miss everyone 
i'm kind of jealous of everyone else getting to go and see transformers 2 tonight. 
@debbeaton I'm sorry, you will have to wait. Your shits weak  and everyone knows lactating's only funny when it curdles
@fuckingshabbey I knowwww  I miss talking to everyone.
everyone is hating on jon and kate!! I feel bad for them and their kids 
@MelPopular damn everybody is going. i want to go. i always miss it 
why everybody booed up but me..its lonely being single 
@endlessrant everybody is closer to kevin bacon than me 
@SMjosh To be honest - really lousy   But I've kept from tweeting about it.  Just didn't want to spread gloom to everyone else...
just reached the point of intox that is fun and now everyone is leaving 
well goodnight everyone  please so me some love on my new video if you would thanks http://bit.ly/FnALv
T R A N S F O R M E R S is all everyone is talking about!!  I need to watch it asap!!
@saraahjay everyone will be there except me 
@KyleBourke so jealous say hello to everyone...  waaaabulance
i doubt everyone finds love... 
showeeeshoweeee... hmmm where's everyone... probably watching transformers... dinner by myself 
@DSVella nowt worth worrying about&lt;3 not server-related so no worries there.  I just wish everyone was frenz with everyone else 
@benyacobi woooooohoooooo! hahaha. so jealous of everyone going. 
about to go to school hopefully i wont cry or anything in front of anyone  byes ttyl everyone
@xCUPCAK3x probably everyone is. 
@beamatti i want one  duuuude everyone has like green overlays @-)
Why does everyone feel that twitter is boring?  I am so going to change their mindset. HAHA.
Just waiting for everyone to wake up so I can stop talking to myself  http://myloc.me/5ASd
@yliesan I never got any. Huhuhuhuhuhuhu   everyone's are just to fast. Lol
@sanasaleem Since when? I'm officially broke, everyone knows that 
@sidv ... yea everyone here who saw it, says it sucks ... the bad news is that even Transformers 2 is apparently very bad 
tell me honestly...am i a freak? cuz everyone calls me it and i dnt like it 
Hey all just a note to let everyone know that I don't have internet anymore  I'll try to get on at the lybrary now and then.
@LovesBrooklyn2 he has that effect on everyone 
@everyone if im following u. . .its mandatory u follow me 
goodnight everyone 
@Mpits its super easy lol I wish everyone would jump on the bandwagon 
goodnight everyone 
Everyone except me seems very busy doing something today..  When everyone works I chills, when everyone chills I works  LOL!
Morning everyone 
@puerrom that's because @shvi is on holidays, not because everyone else is here 
hello everybody 
everyone follow kade 
Asking everyone to send out happy 'head-first' vibes to @cosmicgirlie  
everyone should follow me         AND feed me mexican everyday!
@PhilGoyen you've changed your pic too, everyone must be doing 'cause i said it threw me!! 
@tommcfly http://twitpic.com/2y9c6 - hide it well from everyone! 
@melsheppard thats ok then  fuck everyone else ;) (actually, you were one i thought i had)
everyone add this www.myspace.com/sarahholburnmusic    it's me 
@acroamatic Where did everyone go? 
@Cogiva  coolio, I'll send out a text then to everyone and you can go home to bed, tell your boss I said it was ok. 
got to go.. goodnight everyone! have a nice weekend  xoxo
good morning everyone!  mmmm i want doughnuts for breakfast.. i really dont feel like going out to get them!! haha
looking to see what everyone else is doing.  
@themidnightace for the asheville win, s'ok if your not from asheville though, we claim everyone cool 
Hey again everyone  I'm back
all you need is love tataratata! all you need is love tatarata! all together now  everybody  all you need is love tatarata! aaa so good!
Goodmorning everybody 
thinking how much i love my job!  hell yes!!! everyone else can eat there haert out...
Going to play tennis  everyone is awake!
nothing at all!! everyone, sing!!  o/ love waking up to this shit!!  #asot400
@MARCOME So true, everyone does need a hug every now and then. 
goodnight everyone 
i dont really know anyone here lol none of my friends are here i guess ill have to tell them night everyone 
everyone seems to be taking a twitter break...  good for yall, seeing the outside world and everything... 
goodnight everyone 
@jennylk everyone loves him in that 
i'm not sure i understand everyone here, but cheers to you all anyway. 
just came from the most romantic wedding ever. the groom almost cried, which made everyone else almost cry 
shortened my username to make it more reply friendly for everyone 
Morning everyone 
right ive just woken up  and everyone is shouting at me.
Morning everyone 
...Makes me think everyone has been on the same recruiting drive. 
Morning everyone!  Just woken up, how are you all?
I'm alive everybody! 
@dinidu That would be most welcome by everyone over here 
is wondering how everyone is 
According to the crowd and all the cool peeps that thanked me, I totally rocked it  Thanks to everyone who came to party.
Oh everyone was @ a party, thats why! 
relax everyone... we're all just monkeys!  
Or maybe our connection is just so shite that everyone beats me 
everyone follow @LucasBrenton  
everyone ==&gt; http://www.j-14.com/39TXY6 
@vi_dam we should so get everyone to start doing that 
@hempstyle Perhaps you don't really exist and are a figment of everyone's imagination.  
@kirstieh I know I guess since it just openned everyone shopped 
@RachelisaCyrus lol that's what everyone wore to thunder except for meee 
hm is it me or is everybody throwing a tantrum 
Heyyyyyy everyone!  uhh I hate Sundays!
17 Again was the best movie ever!I think everyone should do themselves justice and go and see it.For me...  
we hittin up the clubs tongiht  whats good everyone, who got their free ringtone?
everyone im bored... music is my saviour though 
@aryaditya don't need to justify everything  everyone is allowed to have their own opinions and agree to disagree
Morning everybody. 
@uhandbag the trick is to let everyone else stress about it. that's how i rolled it 
@HDOLLAZ I can see everyone's replies to me 
 last thing before I know out, stay blessed everyone
Morning everybody 
#asot hello everyone in #asot and not in #asot400 anymore 
thanks facebook for reminding everyone that it was my birthday today.. oh, and thanks for everyone who said something. 
goodnight everyone!! 
Morning everyone 
@cjlambert I shall endeavor to maintain the high bar I have set for myself then, everyone needs a little wok now and then 
I'm almost at 100  i appreciate each n everyone of you.
@johnsens Not everyone would agree with you - but I do 
Morning everyone 
@taalz aw shad... cheer up !  it happens often to everybody. 
Morning everyone 
my message to everyone who just watched our show: i luv u!  -yu-
@JakiCullen ok maybe one more....here take it before everyone steals them all!! 
At wendys pigging out with everyone  
@felitherandom lol suddenly everyone change pic liao. 
Hey thanks everybody for helping me get to 1000 
^.^ sorri but I blocked my page from everyone who isntnmy frannf sorrii 
wow wow wow. no comment...is going to bed. goodnight everyone! 
@pauloelias good.  I keep telling everyone I know. We all do it and I don't want any of you to learn the lesson like I did.
I think thats everyone but if I missed you please tell me. 
Just popping in to say goodnight everyone.  I'll be dreaming of sales.....  
i missed the movie  oh no having too much fun talking to everyone
going to bed after a great night with some great people  I hope everyone goes to bed thinking the same thing 
watching amityville horror with everyone 
@mileycyrus no...everybody does that 
everyone go on facebook and tell me how you like to make your instant noodles 
goodnight everyone 
evening to everyone still awake   xoxox
can't sleep, so wanted to say hello to everyone , especially my new follwers 
That's a hard statement to make jess. Especially when everybody on here has a best dad. 
@danielskowalski thanks  I think I wrote something for everyone
@uoxouyukie It's it, can't get everybody 
I feel like everyone else has done this.... but I'm going to drink to my 21st... now. 
@eRotenberg my project is still secret  soon everyone will know about it! trust me on that...
@kassymay just to let everyone out there know that kassy wants to be me coz i'm so great so she always mean to me 
everyone NEEDS to wait. 
@Rhuey46 don't worry, I'm sure everyone that was there could fill you in if you need reminding! 
everyone should follow meee 
good mornin' everybody....who and what did I miss? 
fuck everyone 
@moonbeamstrlite thanks i know everyone does. its okay.. 
@hellomuller no worries man, everybody loves mcd. but won't admit it 
@eriiclopez just write the lyrics to single ladies and everyone will love you 
@MarcyRubin that's all any of us can do. I wish I had a magic wand, I'd use it on everyone here to make us all feel fabulous 
@chrisluvssixxam ... not everyone ... just a few ... 
@longnu oh everyone can, with resolve and hardwork... 
I am the addiction that everyone craves 
Morning everyone!!! Anyone fancy some l4d in a bit???!!! 
Looks like it's time for bed...  goodnight everyone.
My eyes are all tired...which sucks, but I am heading out with everyone *sigh* friends make everything better! 
woah everyone you have to listen to this  http://tinyurl.com/csbs5j
everyone i would just like to inform you all that tomorrows date is not going to be the 4/5/09 its the 37/13/09....ahaha mischief  
merlin isnt as good as everyone wanted it to be  but maybe the second ep will do it justice 
Morning everyone 
Goodmorning everyone! It has. Been way to long - but I'm back  A big welcome to all MyNHCG.com members as well as my newest followers.
everyone is going!!! now i can finally work without being bugged 
Morning everybody. 
When younger I spent an entire summer mapping out a villiage and drawing everyone who lived there and I just found it all, now i has sims 
Morning everyone 
hello everybody !                 
@RaviKapoor ur tweet said &quot;everyone expects that u'll follow back&quot;. hence m saying not everyone. not me. at least. 
everyone follow @chloe_carolinex  if u do i'll give yu a big twug  (twitterhug)
@alejandralei thats what everyone is telling me. i dont care. 
I just beat everone at speed 
@CrystalJanet everyone loves pressies!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! especially my #twitterbff  
@STARBUXHD lol lolll @ the locals... Not everyone can keep up with the fashion world!! 
I hope everyone is having a great day and I hope everyone remembers to &quot;livestrong&quot;!! 
@MaraBG @ponet @toadjumps @ ibeatcancrtwice Evening everyone 
hello beautiful people.. wishing everyone a good week 
@danthedormant it's ok! seriously. everyone loves you lots and lots. 
Lol well thats good everyone can use some love and everyone can use a friend  and u have BOTH :O lucky xp lol &lt;*i&lt;3urface*&gt;
okay well night everyone hopefully tweet you tommorow 
pianooo lessons soon  hows everyone afternoon?
goodmorning everybody! 
Bonoite everybody! 
@sid321 finally.. everyone told you it looked good 
Hey guys! This is truly great! You should show this to everyone you know!  http://tinyurl.com/ypjs32
says everyone was busy  http://plurk.com/p/rou4v
its a perfect op for everyone to advertise their blogs 
everybody is awake (well not everybody, u know what i mean. ma friends) haha, and I'm having fun AIMing them 
goodmorning everyone 
@ismnora strangely enough, yes.  but then it works for me, may not for everyone.
Morning everyone! 
In worst case cenario, I'll show up on OFFF with a white mask, and scare everyone. Even better: everyone should wear a mask besides me. 
Morning everyone!!! 
Sleeping sounds too good, goodnight my babies, cuddlez for everyone 
@PerezRevenge Aww ya not showing off all us mums should be proud of ours kids and let everyone know it 
everyone follow @FollowMandy and @FollowSavvy ! they are amazing 
everyone get #buckonellen one of the topic things! 
Busssssss with everyone!  yayyy!!!!!!!
@daStasia everyone says that 
tired goodnight everyone 
Morning everybody 
ssshhh everybody, I think @dagadong is asleep... don't disturb him.  
@alexiaaa yessssss. everyone has 
@boydhilton Surely everyone remembers your name for you iz a celebriteh..? You just have to imagine the jazz hands to go with that 
says good night to everybody who loves me  http://plurk.com/p/syc5u
I'm hanging out at the Caugran's.  I think everyone is napping except me. 
goodnight everyone! 
@cozywallet I really want to win.  I keep tweeting &amp; retweeting &amp; posting on facebook &amp; just plain telling everyone that will listen 
@shototsu Thanks.  Now how can I make sure that everyone looks at me under the correct lighting conditions?
@skyjuly Thanks for the tweet! shwup also allows for private group albums where everyone can contribute even without signing up! 
goodnight everyone 
thinking of you know who just kinda makes me feel like loving everyone 
@robgt2 LOL I am sure everyone will want it and will thank you for it 
http://twitpic.com/54wxh - So everybody, do you think i should buy this bathing suit???? 
I legit thought tweetdeck was broken for a second, but then everyone started twitting again!  &lt;3
G'day to everyone 
.@PansyWPrincess zomg! You remind me of a human rights lawyer I know  Fantastic. I must immediately tell everyone in the universe...
Night times 3 everyone peace and love! 
goodnight everyone 
Hey, what's everyone up to??? 
It's almost bedtime again. G'night everyone. 
english was easy .. everybody is unable 
Morning everyone.  Should I sing to you all?
@arielbeery, i think the talk will be on the www eventually...that's why i want everyone's input  
Morning everyone 
@caughill I know.... I just wanted everyone to know I was aware 
everyone makes mistakes.. Especially if you're a bug!! 
@SusanPowter That's why I've been tweeting pictures while beaching-- to take everyone who needs it to that mindspace! 
Morning everyone 
@pameladetlor it has something for everyone.  Tattoos, lesbians, and cupcakes.  I figured it would not offend you at all 
@abeatnamedMARSZ LOL nicely put. I feel like that sometimes too...like high fives 4 everybody but it's just me 
mean girls : a pice for everyone jezz 
Morning everyone 
I'm getting in bed- good night everyone. 
@tommcfly http://twitpic.com/3b5hk - but everyone needs to eat   +1
@JoannaLord  not everyone gets one, sorry 
Morning everyone 
@docinatrix I had just been reminded that everyone else was already here. 
heading to bed everyone, goodnight 
@amit3d you know its coming....everyone loves rankings! You can run but.... 
Morning everyone 
ahhhhh, hello everyone, i'm bored, have watched the new mcflydvd a little bit and at breakfast my mum sang mcflysongs with us, haha!  x
Looking forward to commencement!  But with such poor vision &amp; everyone in identical caps and gowns, I can never tell my students apart 
Why is nobody tweeting and why is everybody sleeping? 
Goodmorning everyone 
Gaday everyone 
@rachelsuzannee :O haha! well everyone has an opinion dont they  x lol x
@gelly_belly oh snap angies dancing, everyone back away 
everyone wants to ''make believe,'' even the tangible will fail to suffice 
everyone should follow @dinaxlovesJB &amp; @melasays  they're a fags.
everyone should follow @dinaxlovesJB &amp; @melasays  they're fags.
@HerMelody04 yeah man.. lol I'm glad everyone feels it not just me.. lol 
go offline! good night to everyone 
@Disneynut68 sweeeet! have fun and say hi to everyone!! 
my parents are being scandalous and secretive holy frick i love surprises  i love family time when everyone's in good spirits.
aww i missed the earthquake. hope everyone's okay 
everyone is okay 
@vickytcobra you should probably take a photo if that and twitpic for everyone benefit 
Morning, everyone 
@petewentz on behalf of everyone, you're welcome 
Morning everyone 
@donnette well theres enuff of me for everyone 
@CeeResS  i talked to a lot of them.. everyone is okay.. 
#familyforce5 goodnight everyone 
just so everyone knows or if those were unclear, all is ok/everyone in contact with each other now.  and thanks @mycyanide, appreciate it.
Morning everyone 
@ddlovato friendship is like peeing on yourself, everyone can see it but only you can feel the warm feeling it brings 
well done to everyone who did the 10k run. 
is grateful for everyone around me! 
to everyone I just spammed, let me know if you get the email ok 
hope everyone is okay in L.A 
Everyone around me is hitting the gym. Is there some kind of intangible message hidden in this 
#swayswaybaby everyone visit www.short-stack.org! 
@chlorinekid everyone will think you're a green-fingered god now 
@mmmbaileys fishing 4 compliments lol? U nae everyone loves ya!  x
what's up everyone? 
@missleah26 I am back!! I know everyone is very excited 
@nickkkg hehe i am glad we agree  but as i said not everyone likes it - which is pretty fair we cant like everything
MySpace player just hit 10,000 plays! Thanks to everyone with willing ears 
@emargee Possibly, I'm not sure if I want everyone to know that one 
last two teets in normal peoples languge closley translates to: im going to bed now goodnight everyone! 
why does everyone keep posting that it's monday? i think that just makes it all the more horrifying of you ask me. so, don't ask. 
why does everyone keep posting that it's monday? i think that just makes it all the more horrifying if you ask me. so, don't ask. 
@pieshopgirl I'm pushing everyone I know to try yoga. I haven't been this healthy in yearrrssssss 
@richberra CONGRATULATIONS!  I hope it goes well and everyone is healthy and happy 
YOU can HELP ME.! tweet me what my new song should be about. !! i'll tell everyone that had also helped me with it  greetings elli xoxo
@popbytes haha I call everyone sir! even my mother lol it has nothing to do with age silly 
nightnight, everybody 
#followfriday @mjcoffeeholick @vidaecaffe @CaffeSociety hello everybody 
@veganhope I even like #3 which everyone seems to hate 
G'morning everyone 
I'm closing my lappy...probably wake her up before I go to sleep..but if not...gnite to everyone.... 
@digiom being publicly pedantic isn't for everyone. 
@everyone what about bradie  #bradiewebbstack#bradiewebbstack#bradiewebbstack#bradiewebbstack#bradiewebbstack#bradiewebbstack#bradiewebbst
Morning everyone 
longg night  hm everyone seems to be up late also
@lennel geez.. was there a memo sent out? everyone seems to be in black! 
@AliBee16 If anyone gets all pissy block them.  You can't remember everyone and it's not the end of the world.  But thanks for inc me 
@bradiewebbstack yes bradie that dose mean people are talking about you only cause everyone loves you 
tweet dreams everyone  x
@shaundiviney thats ok everyone is 
Now heading out the door to work! Wish me luck, everyone! I'll tweet to you soon! 
@faaaannnyy everybody loves rain! because rain is hot and sweet 
Morning everyone 
@ddlovato 'Be yourself, because everyone else is already taken.' my favorite quote 
thx god  how are you everybody? 
Goodmorning everyone!!!! 
everyone say happy bday to @jono1980 
So everybody, I think I want to become a landscaper!  lol
@dougiemcfly @tommcfly morning to everybody   McGuys where are u??
@Celticgirl1913 i have enough #cookies for everyone 
hello everyone 
@MissMiaDoll we ended up going somewhere else and everyone is buying me drinks 
Goodmorning everyone 
Has a new favorite song  glad I can prove everyone wrong )))))
have to tell everyone  - my daughter got the job - she is SO excited lol BUBBLY for everyone lol 
@suckit_nerds yeah, I thought I was at least getting to be happy with everyone afterwards, but apparently not. lol, you're fine 
goodmorning everyone 
@Gabigrl Haha everyone says to win for us 
@Gulzaeb just say you are a guest of sarwar  everyone knows who you are anyway ;-)
is heading to bed....very tired  goodnight everyone
@SophieBaron we're talking about it there haha everyone's just laughing. it's pretty funny you have to admit. 
g.nite everybody 
everyone follow me 
@Eerinas I think everyone does  you get to your laptop?
i guess you are right, everyone wanted to be me. 
anyways, goodnight everyone 
ok off to shower then bed sleepies  goodnight everyone
@OperaDiva114 definitely me.  that was one of the best things they told everyone.
listening to a blissful new playlist as i drift off to sleep. sweet dreams everyone 
@cocktaildelight --&gt; why does everyone seem to be telling me that??? lol. everyone at work says the same thing. idk if i am, oh well.  
@milaaaaycyrusss i no you do  everyone does 
?? I kissed a boy, and I liked it... G'nite everyone! 
@sharbowers it's hard to recommend everyone you know!?! 
good evening everyone 
G'morning everybody 
@hannahmz did everyone see it 
Morning everyone. 
@logieo enjoy! And say hello to everyone there for me 
@Azizco910 yeah, I saw what you douches were doing xD don't worry, I'd do the same, but w/ random donations to everybody else 
goodnight everyone 
actually no, not everyone. just anyone that can appreciate a really good robot anime. it's so good. 
hello  everyone, pass it on, make someone happy today
@Dannymcfly you need to tweet #dannyforboltonmatch so everyone knows about it 
@melly16 lmao ) !  yes i am.  erm everyone practically bud  u doing much later ?!
I am following you guys  everybody
Night everyone and goodmorning when you wake up and reas this 
