Most common words for this cluster:
[('ew', 116), ('ewww', 74), ('eww', 66), ('yuck', 18), ('ewwww', 15), ('work', 14), ('today', 11), ('tomorrow', 10), ('gross', 10), ('school', 9), ('amp', 9), ('lol', 9)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Ewww', 0.9806602597236633), (u'Eww', 0.8538021445274353), (u'Ew', 0.8327394127845764), (u'Ewwww', 0.8272799849510193), (u'eww', 0.7753294706344604), (u'ewww', 0.7561904191970825), (u'Ewwwww', 0.7542670965194702), (u'Eew', 0.7437695264816284), (u'Sniff_sniff', 0.7406675219535828), (u'yuck', 0.7342402935028076)]





Is back at the cabbins  Ew!
@m0nkfish Eww. Hershys kisses are ok, but not amazing 
Eww snow 
Ew the snow is still here! i have school today! 
Ew, one more day till school. 
Ewww I have work now and idk when I am going to be home.... 
Ew school tomorrow kill me now 
Eww, it's raining outside  It was SO pretty yesterday...
@kellydoo Ew gross   I kinda want a nose ring, just a teeny tiny stud, I'm thinking about it.
Off to school. Ew, i woke up at 5 today. 
Ew 4/20 
Eww psych final today  not too excited, but i do get to see GItzen tonight to watch all our shows haha we're like old ladies
Eww back to school today  &lt;/3
Eww just killed a spider in my house its time to spray the outside perimeter again 
WOW first thing i see on tv: lil wayne's prom whatever. Ew 
omggg...saw 3 was SO gross!!! eww... 
yuck - early Saturdays 
Ew that hoodie is ugly... I want the UCATTIP one 
@Cherrim ... Ew  Spiders at all gross me out.
's bac to watchin twiggas play video games!! Eww! 
Just took a final have another one at 4 eww 
@jpadamson i know yuck 
Ew no bad dream 
Ew driving to north carolina on tuesday 
@she_shines92  Ew  And what the hell time are you leaving your house to get there so early?! o_O
Eew i have to go to school tomorrow  SUCKASS!!!!! Idont wanna go to algebra or french or history or suckass mrs.rivera class
I'm going to be disecting fruit flies. I feel itchy all over just looking at them flying in the jars. Ew.  - http://tweet.sg
@talkngpictures aw why haven't you been going  eww, its been sunny here haha.
I have the worst headache. I wish I was at home in my nest with that special someone. I have work tonight too.  Ew.
Ewww just had a vball tourni... didn't do so good 
I miss minessss  and cantsleep. Ew
Trying to fall asleep but im not tired at all. Eww tomorrows monday 
Ewww...crappy weather 
I have allergies and my eye is irritated and i think i may have pink eye again. Ewwww. 
i wish @premthedream wasn't being such a peepee with me 
Ew my sis keeps saying the kid in the movie (he's only 16  ) looks like our cousin Ross. Ew she killed it!
Ewwww some creeper is at the beach staring at us!  save us? Haha
@lilyroseallen I was eating my cereal when I looked at that. Ew. 
i feel like.. throwing up :S eww make it go away 
Ewwww, I just realized that I have to finish my math hw  I didn't even get it.
Ew not very nice this morning even tho it had a promising start!  on a side note got some new rubber on the mota in the form of Avon ZZ3's
@moosh_boint Ew, I don't want to go 
Ew its monday 
@meara76 Eww  bad times! how are you doin for a monday?
Ew.. Classsss 
Testing  yuck.
david smells like ass  and the fan is blowing my way. Eww. we have 106 movies!!! wow its late lol
@butchjax Ew, but I hate their commercials.  I'm taking Zucol, hopefully that'll help.
had fun last night, but wishes she'd gone to the gym. Shooters are the devil, btw. Ew hangover 
Ew, but I did just see a dead deer.  
@braaaaains zombies are scary  in my dream, my finger fell off and a zombie ate it. Ewww. Scary!
I'm back in Huntsville now. Lets see how refreshed I feel at work tomorrow. Ewww... work. 
@philbridler okay eww. inappropriate what are you like 5? We say breasts. and you see my cleavage not my tattas. That's rude. 
Eww... I hate spiders they are gross and creepy 
Eww never eating a buffet at ticos ever again..I did horrible eating today. fml 
@MichelleFeldman Ewww.. Gross! I know how that feels! 
Ewww james just flopped out his balls 
@meljachin: eww. dislike 
Ew I have creepy followers 
Ewww just printed my new I.d badge thingie 4 work n eww my picture. I took so many n they were all ugly 
Eww town fair tire smells horrible. Its making me sick 
's hair was on fire right now! Ewww it smells 
Eww its gross here &amp; a lady keeps looking at me weird  ha ha but another smiled &amp; asked me if i was in their company..me in the army? LOL
Is about to start stupid chores!!!! Ewww.... stupid chores!!!! 
Ew traffic 
Just got a shot on my arm. Eww. 
@actionhalo Eww I can imagine. I can't use neem oil, I'm horribly allergic to it. 
@ddlovato yuck... i hate paps! there so slimy  ...
Ewww...eaten blue candyfloss and now have blue teeth, not a good look 
Up early to shopping  yuck.....
Ewww i have freaken writers bump 
@Bearskopff Ewww its horrible Bear 
yuck. I really need to excercise. 
I don't like feelin like this.... Asking myself, where's my keys? Where's my wallet? How did I get to bed? Ew jagerbombs!!! 
20 top! Ew;  but......go cavs!!!
@eagranieyuh Ewww! Which pretty chocolate is it so I don't waste my money? 
Ew... Bloomseer Poplar side-boob 
Ewww I can feel my dads disappointment from a mile away 
@jgalaroza I had a flu vaccine too. I think it's oil-based that's why it hurts.  Eww. Organic chem. HAHA
Eww, i don't feel good this morning 
@ohanne Ew, not what you want to see when you're feeling unwell 
@xJaixJaix  food poisoning....=yuck....
Ew work  it's hot as fuck!
Ew.. I can see my roots. I have more brown then red &amp;black in my hair  x ChemicalKid x
Ewww I just touched my eye on accident 
Ew i'm a big sket  why the hell am i giving advice hahaah.
doesn't feel good yuck 
Someone stole my towels from the dryer...f***! what creeps me out is knowing someone went thru my laundry...Ewww! Laudromat tomorrow 
Ew...I'm in math 
@CrunchyK Ewwww...I don't like grits 
http://twitpic.com/6eew0 - And now it's empty 
Ewww. This McDonalds iced caramel latte I'm drinking tastes like dirt. The commercials make them look so good!! I hate coffee. . .yuckkk! 
This metro stinks. Probably the hot day + small school children + metro delay. Ew 
@jonasobsessedx Eww Sciienceee :/ 49%, rememberr ?  -Cries-
@KingDavid1973: Eww! I feel so violated now 
Ew, this cider tastes funny... 
Eww, work  then senior awards!!
Ew school tomorrow  idk what im gonna say.
My nose got sunburned &amp; now its peeling. Ewww 
Ewww there's a big spider in my garage near the door so I'm gunna have to walk past it again tomorrow 
Eww! eww eww eww! I don't want to know these things. 
This bus smells like hot dogs. Eww! Nauseating. 
Eww going to mcdonalds! im freakin sick of fast food. im going to barf.. 
Ew, creepy: http://psychoticlettersfrommen.blogspot.com/ worse, there are over 500 comments on the most recent post 
@hrsaylor Eww...not exactly what I'd want to be doing late at night.  
@wordcross Ewwww indeed. 
Ew ugh I ate too much sweet stuff. Now I have a headache and a tummy ache.  laying down.
Eww i feel really sick. 
Ew i feel sick and my throat hurts 
Ew, I have to start taking prednisone today. 
Ew going to the dentist tomorrow 
Ew the MNM (enimen LOL) and bruno thing was scripted  It says so @perezhilton 's website
Ew i just saw a racoon  grossssss
ewww i think i ate the sticker 
Eww lawn and garden cashier,, im gonna be so boreddd and im all isolated 
Ew I keep coughing I think I'm sick  AestheticValentine
Ew, don't drink 2-day old, unrefridgerated apple juice... Es no bueno. 
@BusTheProducer 6 am yuck!! i would still be asleep if that were me 
@officialpeta I never WANT to know someone who would do something like that. Ew. 
@LovGloria lol yuck is right...double yuck for me...it hasn't stopped 
Ewwww im tired of creepers!! 
Ew some creepy guy is staring at meeee!!  not even subtly!!
Ew; I am a fat ass 
&quot;Ewww...that was an ugly text =P 2 words...no me gusta short texts...its a waste of my unlimited texts =P&quot; sorry? 
Ewww der mushed up everywere,, im never gonna b able tilz clean all diz up,,,  lol
is sick and feeling all germy and gross 
Eww the word early makes me cringe. But my blood is low my my internal pancrieas wokr me up  apple juice time!!!!!!!
Ewww ewww ewww ewww i am scared for life  i didnt want to know that.. Lol
@Chaloopie I don't like bananas, so yeah.  Eww.
Eww why is it cloudy today 
Ewwww gloomy day 
Ewww, I think I'm a Jonas Brothers fan now 
My dog just got excited and peed on me. Eww 
@BliSsfulDesire I'm glad to hear ur ok...drink up tha meds!!! Ewww  lol
Ewwww drank the bottom bit of the juice with the bits 
Eww....this drink is so gross.....i'm trying to not leave it alone cuz my mom might poison it.... 
Ew, pre-summer illness 
Sushi is Y-U-M-M-O!!!! Ewww except for the eel  Looks pretty though.
I have to wake up in 5 hours. Ew 
@Mollena Ewww. I saw the other updates 
On some drake shit on my way home almost hit a possium! Ew  [AyshiakiAyana]
Bright smiling sun's shining through the window and my room's getting really warm... Eww, aircon pliiis. 
Ewww. I just ate pancakes with sour cream.. Milk and eggs.. I feel like puking now 
Ew, fuck work. 
Ew i smell like bon fire right now and have a huge headache! 
Ew, i have to mow the lawn  bye!
Seasonique?  One period per season? (sorry fellas) Ewww Somethin' ain't right 
@X15 Ewww that's horrible. 
Ew my hair is still inda wet. And I needa straighten my hair but I had to leave 
@onthebound85 Ew, that sounds so... real world job-ish... 
Ewww tomorrow is my birthday! I'm getting so old.. 
Ew. I've still got an hour left. Blegh. 
just woke up from a nap, and found drool on his lip. Eww 
Ew i do not wanna be 19 at alllll.  i guess i have no choice...
@ChristopherDXS  i feel for you   warm 7 up is bad eww ..lol
@gcelloboi Ew i dont want to go back either 
What would you do if you went piss and felt i tickle, looked down, and a baby spider was crawling out of you? Ew 
Eww its raining 
@artemisofluna Me too - came home sick today  Eww gross and nasty. I hate the flu. What've you got??
ewww it's drizzling outside 
I thought I could eat breakfast, no. Ew. I feel sick 
@Volratho Ew, gross hours. 
@Wilunleashed Ewww!  What happened?  Or do I want to know?  
Ewww my nose is all flakey &amp; nasty 
is really NOT enjoying being unemployed...yuck! 
Drivers ed &amp; lecture. Ew. 
Ewww going to the dentist in 15 minutes 
@hollsh Ew! Itchy-poo. 
@CoryTee Eww now I don't want to eat there  maybe its cause you haven't eaten like anything
Eww there was a scorpian in my room 
@glassmusic Really? Ewww I hate internet problems, they're heart breaking. Stable Internetz for the win! 
Its a smokefest out here tho, only downside...yuck 
Just been informed that there exists a single pair of departmental wellies for staff use! There are 15 of us.  #CheesyWellies Ewww    
Should be going to bed!! Ewwww homework!! 
Ewww time 4 work 
@devonbeach Eww  that sucks
@seventyeight Ew yeah, the drive back sounds gross.  And oh good call, didn't think about that.
Ew @twitter why arent i gettin update txts 
Ew, I have the worst headache an am feeling nauseous as hell. 
This bitch is sitting too close to me. Eww 
Ew I have to go back to work tomorrow 
I feel nauseous and I don't know why. Ew. 
@juliancruzzz Ewww  *huge hug*
Ewww tis raining BAD. And i didnt finish 
No plans 4 today  and its raining!! I might read a book.. Ew!!
@shandreen yuck, not good 
Ew double science tomorrow 
Ewww moldy muffins are no good for breakfast. 
Oh noz  I said I would do my homework today and I didn't. Read why procrastinate by teo aik cher. Ew?
Not feeling well at all...meaning...I'm sick  yuck...
@fiddlecub Ew, you still subject yourself to him? I'm sorry 
Ewwww... I hate paying my cell phone bill. 
@alwayswyser GROSS!!!  Chicken bones in your soup.  Ewww. 
yuck, feeling so sick now 
In front of a sex store with tech class of 2010. Ew!! I want to go to blockbuster now. 
@shotliverfreak Ew! makes me want to vomit 
Ew! There are ants crawling around on my keyboard! 
Ew. There is a massive slug thing on my side walk. 
Ew whats going on with my twitter 
Ewww. I just took about 10 drinks out of my applejuice and just noticed that there are about 3 bugs floating around in it. 
Ew it's raining 
@peeluh Eww no cuz there's no ariel! 
Ewww travis is ignoring me.  he's mad since yaffa nite I think. I'm sad.  I feel like eeyore from winne the pooh. 
Ewww Britt has a cup on his head. And no not a drinking cup 
Ew! MileyFanFeed is following me! 
http://twitpic.com/7ofav - eww... just realized that those are eaten edamames... sorry 
Ewww a huge bird took a dump on my window! They know where I sleep!!! 
I'm so mad! That good food I was smelling in my sleep was some damn fried prom chop. Ewww ! I hate that shit. 
Ewww, going to sleep now, I should watch tv in 1h12m but I'm going to wake up ~10 hours from now 
Ew, traffic. I bet the lower half of my face will be sunburned. 
Ewww the cat puked near my chair in the dining room near my room  yuck :S doctors this morning then school  maybe i'll get it off =D
At the dentist! Ewww. 
Eww. This chick is smoking and pregnant. 
@IRobots I don't suffer from sweaty hands so much, but I DO suffer from oily skin.  Ew all over my phone.
Ewww, I just ate a rotten chip 
@AdamSatayer No!! Ew...I just got out of the shower and came into my room and he had one on the floor 
Eww-uh. I miss @katlagunda @inkydoo @maaarjuuu @rhizziana @pinggpong @paolaquidlat 
Ew I'm breaking out 
Ew ew ew wet seat belt... 
Sitting in the dr office!  The dreaded physical yall! I hope he don't ask me to drop em and bend over and cough! Ewwww!
@eiruko Ew  we've had a few like that... oh... god...
ugh i feel so gross now after that TBell.. yuck... 
Ew. Waking up in the afternoon feels so grimy 
Ewww I just ran over something that was already dead!! 
@skypen and if he is paid but not declaring it... Eww 
@mzswe3tkissez Eew 2. I can't stand pineapple 
@microlove Ew yuuuck. Fire smells are no good. 
@WandaMoosejaw Where is this from? When was it taken? Ewww 
@micahyourface ikr. so sad. eew. 
Ew i hate jack black so bad. 
Ewww! Nooo! I found the first small cockroach in my room. It hid behind my bed! Ugh it better not mutiply! 
Eww, i hate insomnia 
Ewww  my tummy hurts
Eww...I just burped and that joint stank... 
@tamdigger355  Ewww Thats Discusing 
Putting in aps for new places today. Ew the weather is giving my a head ache  &amp; not feeling very pretty in my fave shirt anymore either :/
Ewww work till 4:30 
@Missallie007 Eew and now its vanessa hudgens.... 
Ew. I hate this feeling in my throat. 
Eww.... never reading outside again... Just found a yellow spider on me  so gross
Ew...starbucks you continue to disappoint 
When someones sick all over your shoes, that's deffo a bad sign of the night ahead! Ew 
I got this really bad dry cough that sounds hella weezy. Ewwww. 
Ewww i just got blood all over me from one of my patients 
Brushed my teeth 3 times and I still can't get the taste of nail biting solution out of my mouth! Eww! 
Eww mud all over my legs 
@zenbitch I think it will shortly turn to peeling grossness.   @jennygirl7
Ew.  I just had a dream that I was married!  
Ew this medicine tea stuff is gross 
Playing guitar but not playing Keeley  this 1 feelr weird. And it's red. Ewww.
Slightly dressed up for my dance recital. I feel like an adult. Ew 
The only thing I dislike about my classes is have to see babies being born. Ew 
@foltaggio Ewww, sorry for you  But I didn't read the ending; The exam was 10-questions, completed 8 of them and had no time to the others
Just got my shots. Ew 
Ew I cannot find my osap info OR my birth certificate!!! Curse you moving business 
Ew I need to go cover VIP. 
Ew gross 
Ewwww...the movie just started and they already showing boobies 
Ewww... Answered the phone at work and there was this nasty green liquid-y stuff on the bottom. Gross! 
ewww back to work 
Leaving for work. Ewww nightshift! Send me love 
Ew! This white boy just passed me &quot;sup girlll&quot; and like 2 seconds later some car honked at me. I hate springfield 
Surrounded by stinky chimneys.  Eww.
Ew super hit incense smell horrible, I want my goloka nag champas 
Ew, I hate it when you're washing your hansd &amp; you're phone starts ringinggg! 
On my way to find clinic to cut the bullet. Ew, pain pain. 
Ew just woke up again 
Up early for work... Just wanna crawl back under the covers and nurture my sick belly....  But, gots ta goes ta work.... Ewwww
http://bit.ly/oaies Eww, all the comments for that video piss me off. 
Ewww i have an eye infection 
Ew Ew he's picking his scabs 
@LeoZombie Eww.. that sucks. 
@ItsOnAlexa Ewww. 
@AriesGirl40 Your cousin was a yankee? Eww... he's gross 
Ewww! Watery tea! The bag should be brewed for more than 2 seconds, people! 
@tony_lewis Ewww. I'm feeling for ya. That would hurt 
@rustyrockets Its going to be EPIC rusty! We're gonna be there too. So close the sweat will drench us probably! Ewww &amp; Hurrah equally.  x
@crochetbymommaj Ewww! lol Make time for some fun, too! 
@veganza Been there, done that!!  Ew!! 
@iantalbot some of those bodyp-arts had the effect of making me go &quot;Ewwww&quot; 
Ew this gum is disgustinggg,but mmm yummy amp 
Ew wtf am I listening to 
@CHANTEL_NoDuhh omg. I agree! Eww my mother 
@kirstyyl Ew @ classic 
@makefate Ewww, I hate eating when I just wake up.  I have coffee though! 
Ew baiden has herpes. 
Just washed my hair  it was so greasy Eww
@aussieboby Ewww yuk. Plain ol' rice will do me fine 
