Most common words for this cluster:
[('exam', 946), ('exams', 759), ('tomorrow', 150), ('today', 96), ('week', 66), ('revision', 44), ('math', 41), ('maths', 39), ('day', 35), ('hours', 30), ('science', 29), ('time', 26)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'exams', 0.9404745101928711), (u'exam', 0.9394301772117615), (u'examinations', 0.8218052983283997), (u'Exam', 0.7499768137931824), (u'Exams', 0.7408834099769592), (u'entrance_exams', 0.6969296932220459), (u'entrance_exam', 0.6878113746643066), (u'Examination', 0.6599684953689575), (u'entrance_examinations', 0.6570402979850769), (u'licensure_exams', 0.6419854164123535)]





is tireddddddd. want to sleep but i have an assignment to finish and an exam tomorrow to study for 
@rachaelsmart doesnt everyone, exams are so close too. It sucks 
@ChloeChloe i completely forgot about the exams.. i really cant be bothered to revise.  *PERUface*
@zampeachie @Farscale To answer both of you: I studied for FOUR hours before the exam and I'm pretty sure I still fucked it 
exams suck 
Awaiting my poor philosophy exam grade... 
is revising for his GCSE Exams 
starting to worry about the java exam... 
cramming for an exam 
@ausaudriel so do exams 
Exam is done. Hopefully I passed... or maybe the marks will be curved. Stressful and lame. 
Exam time!! 
woo back to uni 2morro! ahh exams 
@ethanonly it's during the uni exam period   #asot400
in her room not wanting to revise! i hate exams 
studying physics for exams tmr 
@chapterelf telll me about it == and exams. 
learning for my exams.. 
@TomIsGeek I have exams as soon as i get back 
Exam is coming, I'm scared 
@kylemcc899 unlucky, i have some exams in a few weeks 
studying for upcomi g exams 
I think it's time for me to revise my lessons for my exams 
It saddens me that one of my best profs is also one of the worst ...due to him not marking anything or confirming what is on the exam 
Tomrrow : Exams 
 just got my exam timetable, I have 3 exams and 2 are on the same day
@rachmurrayX you fucker... I have 15 exams. Shittt.. 
@heidimontag studying (or at least trying to) for uni final exams! 
@oojijay I have two exams this week, and I'm on ontd too  hahah.
last weekend before revisions of exams 
@iwrotethis No not my dissertation, i have practical exam today 
Has two exams tomorrow 
So boring to procter exams.. 
learning for my final exams  it's too much...
have many exams in the next 2 weeks 
exam exam !! 
@marlonpahor i have an exam tmr! 
bored  in the school and trying to study for the exam :S
Studying for my law exam  rough
ugh i have an exam tomorrow! 
Just took a maltreatment exam... I really hope I did well 
my exam was not too happening...I'm sad 
if I don't get at least 56% on this exam, I fail the course, and I also have to beg my registrar to let me take 2.5 courses in the summer 
got exams nxt wk 
I failed my driving exam once again  I hope i will get it sooner or later!
just finished writing up my monologue for drama exam i have 2 sing...  kill me now embarrasing.....
@lerrud I haven't gotten them yet.  also I owned my Chinese exam! stupid tones 
doing a stupid exam for 2 hours which we were not told about.bored and not happy 
is ill and revising for A2 exams 
exams...are...killing...me 
exam time 
i have an exam if i fail i am out of accy 
exam day 
Is really worried about igcse exams 
@jollyrainbow if i never score in this exam, sze will take back the purse 
exam is coming real soon. Gahhhhhhh 
StudYing for exams.... 
i think i failed my second exam. arrghhh. 
exam today  noooooooooooooooooooooo
in for a long day of exam prep 
@mariefrance_090: tsssss! at least you can, i have an exam!!!!! 
Exams... Exams... Exams.. Wrote 2 papers of 80 marks each today. Fingers are paining.. 
Final exam = the biggest nightmare 
Exam in 2 days time.. owh, i`m doomed 
another exams next week ? WTH ?! 
I really should be studying for my next exam... Ahhh only 6 more years to go before I FINALLY finish uni 
exams made me crazy 
haha. ew indeed. but good for you! i`ll be getting exams too soon enough  so lame. weekends are too short !
@loveivy I think I should but I'm rushing my exams revision. 
studying for exams 
Exams tomorrow! 
is extremely tired and certainly not looking forward to her business exam 2mz 
@mcflymaddie uhhmm wells i have two exams tomoz morning soo i cant  its probably nothing too big haha
Procrastinating again.  This does not bode well when it's is only the 2nd assignment.  3 more to go this year &amp; an exam.  
Final term exams !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HAizzzzzzzzzzz 
People like us shouldn't have to do exams 
exams tomorrow 
Revisin for final exams 
is really scared about my gcse exams 
Exams = stresss 
first exam tomorrow 
is feeling sad and stressed. i do not want to do any more stupid bloody essays, and nooo more  stupid stupid stupid exams!! saaaaad times 
up an' at em'... on to my next exam study subject... anatomy 
Losing my mind over my last final, and after that's done I have the foundation exam to look forward to 
I'm back in t-town. Really worried about my exams  heading out to eat and then I'm hitting the books again
reviewing slides for exam later...i really had 2 consecutive bad dreams... 
@glennrd I don't like exams. 
time to start preparing for another engineering exam on 17th...it sucks   
@lwarren17 Doing teaching notes for the final week before exams 
3 days &amp; 4 exams left.  I can do it.  I hope 
finally done wih all coursework! but have exams to get over with...before summer starts 
I'm so tired but I have to study.  killer exam tomorrow. I'm sick of exams already. I had 16 exams already and still got 5 to go.
exam in two hours 
exams almost finished. i am finished    
last night i dreamt i failed both my exams  eeek
crying about ib exams 
I have a mock science exam booklet to do... and I don't get it and really don't want to do it 
got my first exam tomorrow, and i have 2 essays to write. no bank hoilday for me 
Exam time 
ap exam week 
1 exam down . 3 to go 
is really wishing she had done more revision for her exam monday!! 
On hour 4 of studying for my abnormal psychology exam and I officially know absolutely nothing 
Would like to process some tasks from pinax, unfortunately I must learn for my final examination 
Tips for successful revision please! Exams in two days 
realising how much trouble i am in for my exams 
last day before exams, and I'm all worked out 
exam tomorrow 
exams starting tomorrow...not looking forward to them 
I hate exams ... 
considering revising sadly i have two exams this may  the possibility of failing both is around 89% lol.
chemistry exam 2moro!  :@
Revision for exams arnt fun  But if my I-pod worked it would be a tad more bearable.
 freaking out about the exam.
so bored i have my 7th grade big exams next week 
 exams start Tuesdayy shitting ittt :/:/:/:/:/
Is going to revise for his geography exam soon 
a little panicked about my exam tomorrow 
How much do I want to be outside now, stupid exams 
studying for my final exam 
completely and utterly screwed for tomorrows exams. 
Urghh ill  and 2 exams tomorrow :| (n)
Is supposed to be writing my speech for english ( that I refuse to do !) and revise for science exam 
Is studying for exam 
I really want exams to be over with already, but I still have 2 more weeks 
Exam in just unda 7hrs  x
@sarzburg You make me proud. I'm studying. 5 weeks until exams 
Another exam haven't revisied enough SHIT 
it apparently takes great talent to flunk in an exam here. I'm too talented for my own good. 
I'm really not awake. I don't want to sit an exam and I don't want driving today either 
I found out that the HSC clashes with my 18th birthday...no partying for me 
preparing for exam 
Thinks its about time for an exam timed practise, noooooooooooo 
Exam was super hardddd! 
has to start revision for the next psychology exam! 
tomorrow is the math exam 
doesnt want to go to the stupid stupid exam!!! 
off to my french exam now  bye twitterland x
ah! not sick before exams 
Studying for higher English Exam tomorrow 
is going into a blind panic about this exam 
@deepwire Cheers - but I'm going to be in an exam 
Exams tomorrow, not looking forward to them 
i feel so ill, i think i'm allergic to frosted shreddies  dance exam sooooooooon
is very tired 2 exams down 18 to go 
the inevitable pre-exam insomnia has kicked in. whyyyy? 
Revising for english exam  *groan*
Just joined twitter, so I guess I am twittering lol Now I'm off to study for my exams.... 
Revision now- cannot actually believe that exam is tommorow...i can smell the U 
@scampbell734 and your 'applied french' where you get to see the exam before you do it! i really hate you 
hmm... didnt tweet in a long time.. won't be tweeting for some more time   Exams beginning this week...!
I came up in French on the exam 
Writing the final exam. 
all i want to do i curl up and go to sleep after that exam! but i've to study for the one tomorrow 
so fed up of this revision but I'm SO unprepared for the exam tomorrow 
homework...and exam 
English exam tomorrow. Not ready 
revision  i'm actually going to fail these exams!
I have a final exam this afternoon... I might have to ditch skating 
P.E exam was such a stupid exam and im really annoyed 
hate revising for exams 
has a spanish exam 2moz!! 
has 4 exams left  xxx
I'm so ill and exam is in 6 days. 
ICT exam 2mrw 
1more exam left...toughest one!  Argggh..sick of all my exams and college
revising for science exam 
is going to fail his exams 
Studing   Exam week for school this week 
is revising for her French exam tomorrow ahh! 
@leamartin My exam is coming!  And it's law. So can't mess with it! 
dance exam  later 
is studying for exams!!~NYAAAAAA! 
first exam tomorrow....     
is tired of studin ;( stupid exams 
maths revision  exam tommorrow  
About to revise for exams 
Lying in my bed,had the best sleep EVER! Exam in3 days,better start revising 
off to watch rove then to bed, english exam first thing tomorrow  g'dnight twitterians
revision i have a maths exam on monday 
@skeletonxcrew nopee. exams started, didn't they? 
why has everyone only got 2 exams left yet i still have 4 ?! gaaaah no fair! 
6 exams this week 
Exams suck 
tomorrow final exam in english 
exams!!!!!! 
need to start some revision for the old exams 2morrow 
so nervous for all my exams next week 
Exams Soon..  x
I do hate exams  x
too many exams 
Really think i need to start revision soon :| I cant milk all my exams! 
@derriebabes who are you going with ? i will be in an exam 
@xCeelou OK, but... if you had your exams during ucap, what are you having in july then? 
@misschoo I know I got an A* on M1 and an A on M2 which means I need like 112/120 on these two exams to get a A* overall 
scared bout this exam!! 
Revising for Sociology Exam 2moro 
is scoffin ferrero rochers whilst revising for her biochemistry exam 2moro 
Too hungover from brilliant night to study  Exam in the morning!
having pharmacology exams tommorrow 
studying 4 exams 
Snif snif middle term exams 
Chem practical is my next exam 
Studying for exams  save me
@lannako we have to take 3 module exams this year  they all have different topics within each one!
is feeling quite new to this :L maths exam tomorrow 
Panicking about exams!!   I think I am actually going to fail. There's just so much to do, and so little time 
really not looking forward to my exam tomorrow 
@nabilnaimullah aw thankyou! i've got an exam 
exam today 
got maths exam today 
exams next week! 
Getting ready for the exams 
urghh exams 
i hate studying and i hate exams 
hopes she does well in her exams!!! Especially since I am still ill 
mid year exams 
going to exams makes me feel lonely 
Is not looking forward to these exams 
don't want to do the exam today! 
I can't do the exam 
got an exam today 
@Ghadam Ah, well, you see, I did know  Exams dear boy, exams! Breaks my heart indeed, but sacrifices must be made 
@Ghadam Ah, well, you see, I did know  Exams dear boy, exams! Breaks my heart indeed, but sacrifices must be m.. http://tinyurl.com/qyhd96
just woke up not looking forward to the exam 
has another exam today and just wishes it wud all stop 
has a maths exam today 
haven't study for tomorrow's exam 
I have a maths exam at 13:30, I am dreading it.. 
reading for the exams!!! 
just giving myself a small break from doing revision.   Exam at 14:30pm 
Not much Happening today! Exams exams exams 
eyes are drooping and have to start exam revision 
Revising for maths for the exam at half 1 
Getting ready for exam soon 
revising but wishing she could go back to bed  hoping jasons not asleep in his exam!
I hate studying for exams, but if I want to stay at the super-expensive school I am currently going to, I guess I have to study hard... 
exam tomorrow!!! 
not looking forward to this exam 
social exam 
@LittleFletcher i have a maths exam too  but i dont get study leave typical!!
Studing for exams 
3 hour exam in a bit 
is abt to leave soon so i cn get to greenwich for my java exam! 
Why is revising so dull? I wish i could be more motivated, this exam isnt going to pass itself tomorrow 
final exams 
exam today  *sniffles* FAIL again probsss but never know lol.
has a maths exam today! 
On The bus. Exams all week 
just had a very bad exam 
@TomFelton i had exactly the same night now i have to revise for exams 
awh these exams are'nt starting too well 
is dreading her maths exam, which is at half 1 
Just Having a break between exams  lol
On my way to my first exam 
preparing my math exam! 
exams are over, three weeks of bordem 
i hate optics! [i didn't pass the exams in the lab  ]
is going for her exam in a minute 
I am probably a procrastinator or might am trained so .. A exam, given a week ago, still haven't done 
that was the hardest exam i have ever done!!! not even sure if i passed  
Today's exam was awful!!!!    But at least it is over.  3 down and 3 to go.
Has an exam this afternoon 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRGHHHHHHHHH!!!! I am clearly going to fail this exam..... 
says exam week  http://plurk.com/p/ujq58
@BaybeeT I hate exams! 
is silly, I put in my french exam- regardant instead of concernant 
definitely just failed my exam 
off for exam 
exam at half 6 
Exam time sucks  I actually did some revision last night! lol
Exam prep 
had two french exams today 
fucking exams. that was epic failure. 
It makes me sad that I can't have it  ....maybe just one thing. After the first exam :o
German Oral Exam Tomorrow  x
So stressed about last exam.. 
Practising for Geographie exam tomorrow 
is terrified about exams 
first exam oveeer.. still 3 to go though 
That exam was hard 
@ktoint83 not really, my exam didn't really go to plan  you feeling better then from last night? x
has had a maths exam today !! 
i'm going to revise again  exams i hate that !
is having her exams!  
did so RUBBISH in her maths exam  !!!
science exam. 
@simplymallory you be naht online D:  sighs  i am so busy with exam crapoles D:
I can't believe final exam is next week! I don't even remember the subject on 1st semester 
Dreading todays exam 
Exam in 4 hours.  Going to school in about 30 mins... ugh ;(
exams nearly over. yay!!!!!! just got one more to go. will be hard likes. higher graph comm 
studying for exams 
exam in 4 hours. disaster 
Exam at 1.30 wish me luck 
@Freakonomy Kya kare?? Exams..  And these exams have been on for the past 2.5 months.. ECT chhodo..exams are cruel!
3rd exam of 4 this afternoon 
@Rockers_Delight If only #fowa wasn't right before my exams 
why is revision so boring  i just want exams over with. but have 10 till my first exam with the next 2 the following two days its crap 
Revising for geography  I hate exams. It's way to early to be working
english exam soon 
Starting to panic about impending first semester dentistry exams - waaaa!!! And on that note, really wishing I had a photographic memory 
only just realised that her last exam isn't the 11th... got a 2 hour written music exam on the 20th 
learnig for the exams....pretty sucks... 
today, i am nervous.because i have an exam next week. i don't want to review it,but i want to pass the exam !!! 
better start heading off for programming exam..... fuuucccckkkkk not going to go well 
i am so tired  final exam today!! it's the last one!!!
exam week coming so much to study 
sooo screwed for this exam 
Enjoying the day off....in the library  --&gt; Exams
@xclaire_hx i knowww samee. but we still have like 8 exams left  bummerrr
 exams suck
gave my final exam 2day. strangely not that excited that its over 
is fucking stressed.exam week .ughhh, 
Shittt----- Exams in one week  
Exams r so close  starting to feel pressure
Worrying about 3 important exams one day after the other! 
exams are over.... and i could do with a hug 
gahhhhhhhh exams. 
AIEEE! fight the sickness 
Exams soon *sigh* 
really, really, really stressed out from exam prep.  it's tearing me down.
I think I failed the UPCAT mock test 
Our govmt should take interest to teach C++ programming with g++. Friends think they would find exams hard if they go behind it now 
studying for my history vocab exam  i have 3 exams in history, 2 in reading and 1 in science. thank the lord for no math exam!..
@idkkirsty I just need to make sure my major work is handed in before then.. :s Exams end 25th. But I feel your pain 
exam day 
one week till exam block 
Business exam tomorrow 
it's pretty cold outside  today i got another exam...
Sitting waiting for an exam to start 
need to pass the exams 
@treasaint don't i know it, writing an exam essay this weekend myself 
i can't studyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy  i have an exam tom 
exams are the worst mahn!! 2 to go 
@h269 revising as uni exams are looming 
doesnt want exams next week 
exams are in 2 days, and i'm not prepared  so dead
revising for exams 
Exams are so stressful 
cba with exams! 17 left! 
Exam is commmmmiinnnnnggggggg ! 
@WonderlandDream I can't, I have an exam on wednesday 
still sick. i wish i didnt have an exam tomorrow or have to work. 
studying for english exam 
and studying for exams later 
hard to concentrate, exams are so close 
Revising for exams 
just wok up. has to do exam review now 
I don't even have the materials to study for monday's exam. 
@macajc88 no more exams for me!!! yesterdays was nasty 
some last minute revision then lunch then.......exam! 
There is a first for everything.. apparently failing an exam too 
Trying to revise medical ethics and law4exams just when the weather outside is beautiful  TYPICAL
Would much like to be at E3 next week and not doing exams 
@twinklybird and the pwnage of your exams will also continue! keep it up! only why does it always have to be sunny while studying 
I seriously can't wait till the exams are over. I wish they'd hurry up and come already. 
@creattica unfortunately I have to revise for upcoming exams 
No  summer plans   Exams are killing me !!!!!!!
after horse riding. i am exhausted but i have to prepare for the final examination 
6 exams left 
@meggylou90 woo! no way!!  I really do hate exams xxx
its not ready for exam 
@MairLouise I have and I am.. my science exams are soon. YAY ! 
@jolene_ang u not working and still  ... wat's up actually??? exams??
Is really, really rather sick of studying for exams. Sadface? I think so...  
Has an exam monday.... not good 
@bekkyxo I know I don't want to go back! I have exams too, thrilling stuff  x
back from tenniss.... studying for exams now 
is bored. stupid exams coming up 
studying for exams... still feel sick 
reading for my exams... 
essay, debate.. exams!!!  ugh.
Exams soon ! 
Shitshitshit. It just hit me how little i know and how close the exams are.  oh i am fucked.
4 exams next week 
@StarryEyedLiar miss you too. i need to get on replying to that last email! Exam review hasn't really gone anywhere yet  must start today.
@RevRunWisdom Studingggggg/ i have my frist state exam on wenseday 
tired ;/ + exams to study forr.... 
Exam on the 2nd, just can't study! 
i'm starting to worry about exams, i'm not looking forward to them  my belly hurts and i need sleep.
studing for exams 
is seriously starting to stress out about exams 
3 more exams :/ :/ :/ 
After a week without exams, I'm so not ready for more exams 
So bored.  ~exam week :[
@HelloLizzi sick  and tired. and sore. and pissed off. i have exams tomorrow :| haha how are you?
needs a holiday. ahah, all these exams are stressing me out. 
 more exams! noooooooooo!!
on d verge of engg life... exams on...!!!! the final countdow begun...  
studying for exams, not fun! pretty bored at the moment 
heyhey @vivi182 oh tomorow is my exam 
@cheeseyy exam study is fail. except i have more assignments than exams. i only have 1exam.but 3 3500 word essays and 3 tests coming up 
@dinibeanie you have so much! I just have 4 exams... but they're coming up really soooon! can't wait for holidaysss! 
eish! wat a boring time of the year for me. Exam time. 
In about 2 weeks, exams start 
too many exams 
just burnt my thumb quite badly. It hurts  Not good the day before an exam!
@vivianleexo I have exams too 
Studying for my exams 
About to start studying for my english exam 
I really severely dislike maths exams 
exams..arghhhhh  
Cramming for exams 
my economic exam is tomorrow i really need to studyyyyyy   
Exams tomorrow so lots of studying as per usual 
has 2 exams tomorrow. So not looking forward to it 
Town in a whileeeee (: Exams start tomorrow, aha, crap 
studying, exams... 
ewww exams 
@loisyoung92 you're so lucky its your last exam *jealous much?* its only my second 
at home alone doing media revision for exam 2morro 
@RacheeRoo i hope so  stupid exams i hate them good luck with human bio and health and social. human bio exam 2morro isn't it ??
2 exams done ...still 3 to go tho 
i wish all my exams were already over with 
back from Exam , Eating lunch , getting ready to take ashower , missing friends and I wanna gooooo out 
Studying for exams 
scared for exams next week 
might have to take 2 exams. 
Doing colllege work and got an exam 2moz 
calc exam ... 
Studying for exams   and writing a paper....What a great day
doesn't want this exam tomorrow 
bored as hell! got exams coming up 
Ugh... I hate studying for exams it's so boring it makes me sad 
Is watching Mightly boosh!! yay! ugh had the worste science exams ever! 
@thekiosque shame i have an exam tomorrow 
@gemmmmy_x your not the only one lol i have an exam tomorrow 
is not looking forward to 2 exams tomorrow! 
assignments finish totally!  still study for exam though 
already starting to stress about exams 
coming back inside makes me think of my exams 
Exams  im fucked
but not!! haha.. i hate final exams! 
Studying for my math exams . . I'm so bored. . 
Then again, back inside today. Exam tomorrow,   so final preparations in full swing! Then pub!
sooooooooooooooooooooooooooo bored 2day and i got an exam 2moz 
Urggh back to exams 
in 72 hours i will be dreading a chemistry and english exam 
in 96 hours i will be dreading two german exams 
revising  ...................exam tomorrow
Arghhhh school tommorow. Exams Exams Exams 
@amy_daisy it's onlyyyy maths !! Haha :/ this week is awful I have 6 exams 
@incoe Just finished the first one, I still have 3 exams left 
Exams are stupid, aren't they? I be studying 
@__oddsocks and the exam is in the morning 
exams tomorrow 
why do I have so much to do...I thought after exams i'd be free....turns out I was wrong 
missing my brother a wholee lot,  hoping he'll stay safe in the army,  Loveee sunny weather mann. Exams every day next week :/ ..xx
is studying for exams 
Dreading being stuck in an exam when it is sunny outside 
 back to exams
Right, the obligatory political message done, I'm off to sleep. Exam in the morning 
I have never been more UNREADY for these biology exams tomorrow 
Exam hell starts from tmoz 
Off to bed now.. another exam in the morning.. 5 down 10 to go  sooner these are over the better!! O well..  x
can't be arsed with exams tomorrow! 
exam tomorrow 
@Liamh22 good much with your exam! I have massive exam tmoz morning too 
Studying for dumb exams then bed. I really wish that exams would be over already !!! 
had an amazing weekend, don't want to go back to exams and revision  boooooo
i have 3 exams 2morrow - which i'm DREADING...i really can't do badly in these...they're really important 
is sick  and has exams tomorrow.. this is not good.
studying for exams, yuck. 
cannot sleep at all! not good considering i have to sit a maths exam in about 7 and a half hours 
2 exams 2morrow  
also wishing i could stay up for imprint tomorrow but have an exam 
Exams tomorrow 
I don't want to do my exam today 
one exam down...two more and an oral to go 
right up bright and early to do exam 
got exam at 9am  far too early when i dont even have school....
niiiiiite. exam review 2morrow 
exams on wednesday! 
Morning. Maths exam here I come in an hour 
first exam soon 
has her maths exam this morning 
writing exams 
has an exam today that could potentially choose her career- and she's going to fail it 
reading for my exams 
BYeee. exam in 55 minutes! 
Jss done with my exam o zfffffT 
@simonisCRUNK 8 exams? in one week? are they doing that to be deliberately abusive to students? fuckers 
@maliajonas have you studied for exams ?? im nervousss 
I'm not looking foward to my biology exam this afternoon 
my hayfever is going to annoy me in my exam today 
final exam... i wish i could skip it 
can't stop sneezing  not good on the day of an exam!
exam this afternoon 
preparing for exams  its so exhausting and boring! I'm feeling like a 'no energy' person! Exams really frustrate and irritate me :p ;)
not looking forward to the two biology exams she has this afternoon, i just know they aren't going to go well 
had a headache and an exam. They don't mix 
English exam tomorrow   I think i need @Lindsayslifee to get me through it.
exams finished woohoo! Now time for results 
exam today 
@MissShimry well, its not good at all  i have a blody exam after 2 hours and i just woke up   
been studing for exams and kinda busy, i have tests all next week 
been studying for exams and kinda busy, i have tests all next week 
and omg exam tomorrow 
@simjenkins me too  For my exam this afternoon. Its horrible!
is so scared for tomorrow's exam  i want this crappy exam to end!
@KrinaR how was your maths exam?? hopefully good! ive got my biology exam in 2 hours! i'm soooo nervouuuuuuus  x
exam exam exam 
@arovilla ah okay then. Its not holidays over here . Nearly but. Exams not week 
3 exams in a row today!!~ 
I must do some work. I need to finish this essay and get started on my practical exam revision. Too tired 
spanish oral exam today.... 
hates exams 
another exam down only another 6 2 go 
@chloestreetxox I hate exams lolll, 
@chynnashley that's good. I still have final exams to study for. 
studying for exams... 
Cleaning out my science binder so I can study for the exam. 
@ashleyryanfosho I have my exam 9:55-11:55... that's bullshit 
revisin for tomorrows georaphy exam 
I'm studying accounting 4 tomorrows exam  !!
is revising. I hate exams 
 really dont looks forward to exams, like.
Exams are coming up!  At least it's sunny!! 
exams period!!! 
Final exams suck 
Maths has finished forever  but i still have 13 exams left 
had her maths exam today and is very bored from it 
Finished 1 Exam 2day 2 more to go 
exam number one. 
bout to take my chemirsty exam  o well
Has now finished maths .. but has an english exam tomoz 
can't stop online-ing! even in this exams week.. 
@marcus1812 REVISION! Exam season... 
social studdies and french exam tommorow !!  :[
histo unit 6 exam 
Studyin for exam so I can't tweet 
is reading blogs about failing the board exams...  http://plurk.com/p/xnu5p
exam sometime today 
@RBarham Old people tell you you're going to miss those days but I honestly can't say that's the case. Exams = 
i am sooo unprepared for this exam tomorrow 
Sticking with instant noodles and exam practice papers 
I hate exams 
revising for exams 
blah  exam was really hard... piss!
I hate exams &amp;&amp; revision! 
@xlaurajaynex awwww. until when?? i wanted to see her  but she was playing in june, no? and i have exams for another 3 weeks. :/
back from school. exam on thursday 
i think i might have failed my exam 2day! 
english exam tomorrow  dreading it 
@zoe_jonesss yeaah it was alright, had 2 exams though  you? xxx
just had the worst exam ever...  worryingly before it i thought tomorrows exam would be worse... eek
1 exam down  only 8 to go  P.E. next up
haha history again. Exams for the next three days 
has so failed her maths exam 
sooo hot &amp; burnt! big exam tomoro  followed by the sats :-D! x
Grading the exams that I should have been grading for the last three days 
geometry exam, muh 
 Exams!!!
is dreading the exams this week 
@rebeccakerr exams are indeed bull.  biology?
2 more dayss leftt yayyyy!!! exams where easy now got goverment &amp;&amp; sience next !! 
i want the exams to be over 
exam went well... sigh of relief + sad that Japanese classes are over now 
10 more exams to go  can't wait till they are over
Its 20:45 pm in Norway, school tomorrow, boring, Exam this friday, nooo 
english paper 1 gcse exam tomorrow 
English exam tomorrow 
 two exams to revise for. struggling. i didnt even know geography was tomorrowww arghh
http://twitpic.com/6f3ke - This looks all too familiar. Exam tomorrow 
studying for exams 
2 exam's 2morrow 
exam, was, well, eurgh 
@charly_murg cant got an exam 
not looking forward to this exam tomorrow 
off to bed to prepare for next exam 
Less than 12 hours until my next exam, and I'm so tired, so unmotivated.  I just want to be over with this.
@buckhollywood i think i did gareishly on my exams today 
i wish i knew someone who took the trig exam, i'm so scared 
I have an exam tomorrow....n so not looking forward to it at all! 
studying for the exams 
doing exams ugh 
I should sleep ... tomorrow exam .. I don't want it  I'm so scared ...
History Exam in 9 hours!!! Wish I could get to sleep! It's so hot... 
totally dreding exams studying!!! 
was sick and has got a very important exam for tomorrow 
Thinking about my final exam tonight 
I'm feeling sooo sick and i'm so stressed about exams tomorrow  !!!
has another exam in 8 hours  nothankyouplease
Off to sleep now. Exam in the morning... crap. 
English exam tomorrow 
studying for shitty exams. 
Studying  I hate final exams!
is knee deep in exams and coursework for the next 3 weeks 
@cooljazzi1994 LOL i know...  ewww i just realized i have my two hardest exams on thrusday 
2 exams down, 6 to go. yay  if i fail its twitters fault
@elaine_tan actually not really. after exams. i have a few days off until summer school starts! i have 2 prep for my piano exam 2... 
I'm up! The exams are so early in the morning... 
is up and getting ready for her last exam at college...shittin it lol. Dying of hayfever  ahh! Finish @ 11 though yaay!
Another exam 2day  x
ugh ... two important exams today 
History exam today 
@Pheeby I have two exams tomorrow don't make me sad 
Exam block starting tomorrow. Nothing but study for two weeks 
to school  exam of french + oral exam of french 
2 exams down, 6 to go!!! 
3 points short for 100% on spanish exam 
english exam tomorrow 
I feel nauseated. I don't want to take this exam.  
I really don't want to to this exam 
History exam today and dreading it 
This afternoon is not gonna be fun  I hate exams.
My oli just another nine exams to go 
Exam today 
no no no no no no.. not double classses.. it's exam week.. Caithya,sorryyy.. 
Is dreading this English exam 
argh exam at 12:30 which will suck massive bad 
exams next week! run and hide!!  x
@outrage_designs I think some of it is exam stress related too 
@madelyn_ not much at all. how are exams?? i miss you 
Leaving Cert Exams start tomorrow! The next couple of weeks are going 2 be hell! Who needs 2 know how 2 differentiate sin x anyway? sniff 
Dreading tomorrow chemistry exam :O need a full days revision but I think i'm meeting friends later which I loveee but not b4 an exam 
got so many exams ahead. pphhiiuuuh! 
studying for official exams 
helloooooo im bored (N) just had a exam 
i am so stressed atm, stupid exams ! 
This day will be full of math and history. I realy tired of this exams. 
exam today 
I HAVE to C O N C E N T R A T E ....!! this exam thing is killing me... 
Just had an english exam it was hard but think I did alright just got French tomorrow 
English exam = fail 
Too tired for exams 
just got back from english exam and have to go in for geoggers later 
@jaciewacie y so dead? I jus came out from exams. 
English exam was baaad 
geog exam this afternoon going to fail 
i'm going to fail in my exam today 
revsion geog exam later 
English exam done  did better in mock  aghhh  x
Going to a math exam, and is NOT ready for it 
is irritated by hayfever, and hopes his Piriteze tablet kicks in soon.  Exam at 2 
having exams 
another exam down, 6 more to go 
is pretty sure she has just failed her english exam 
Spanish 2 exam. 
I'm nood good at english  only 1 more english exam to go tho :S
About to take my stupid exam! 
geography exam soooon, dreading ittt :S 
 calculus exam
I have an exam to take today! 
#exam today 
studying business for tomorrows exams  
I am going to fail all of my exams and not go to uni 
exam today wasnt that bad, just 7 more to do 
@keishiasc  but but this fri i cant..got exams till 7.30 
starring at my books waiting for them to teach themselves to me. fuck exams. got one on thurs.. im fucked. 
Is studying chemistry before my exam 2morrow!!! 
ugh english review  exam friday!
Just finished my math exam. Now I'm trying to find someone to bring me lunch! 
just completely screwed up the geography exam, i feel like crying i really wanted to do well 
wirking on website again... but i have to take care of my exam 
Exam at 6:30pm then class till 10:40   anyone wants to go watch &quot;drag me to hell&quot; tonight??
the exam was kind of disaster!!! 
Mechanics is all screwed up  Exam is a few more days left, I seriously need a tutor, pronto!
at skool bored..tired of exams 
has written 12 full pages today for exams  it sucks
exams starting tomorrow... 
Still studying  I've got 2 important exams next week...
@CarolynTD oo ouch... i hated them  there horrible, how many have you got left? I'm okay thankyou, apart from exams, everythingElseOkay? x
bleehhh stupid exams, go away and never come back. 
is at uni trying to finish assignements and lab reports and studdy for exams!! 
Exam this afternoon 
English exam at 1030 i hope i get there with time to spare lol 
Now I'm froze! ... and bored! and tired! ... next week exams 
i wish i could sleep. i have fucking exams tomorrow. 
soon in exam hall 
really, really, REALLY, doesn't want to sit her Stats exam 
getting ready for my exam... oh... i so do not want to have an exam on this wonderful summerday! 
more exams  http://plurk.com/p/y1t31
@MarianneW i would have to be a no due to exams... 
should be getting ready and studying for my exams.... only 7 days till first one...  
off to dreaded chem exam...really don't want to 
@mainez loser!!! i still have one more exam and paper! 
getting ready for my exam today 
French Exam  xxx
Another exam today 
On the way to do my exams 
Exam time...  x
About to sit an exam I KNOW I'm goin to fail, 
exams today. 
one last frantic night of maths and chem study before i go into the exams and epicly fail 
has an exam tomorrow ..... dreading it 
still sick and sad about exam results 
I haaate exams especially when you fail 
two exams down...five to go...maths tomorrow 
Studying for Exams 
done with my first exam.... 4 more exams to go 
Bad bad day  I just want to sleep but I still have one exam pfff
working on my exam, boooring 
Off to college, for a further maths lesson. Exam in 12 days 
huuh so sad  .. I wnna sleep so I can forget it but I must study cause tmrrw is a hard exam  http://myloc.me/2rSY
Just had a Exam 
procrastinating... again. geo exam tomoro. feeling rly, rly... rly anxious 
English exam in 15 minutes 
Typical... The one day i get off from exams and its grey and cold(ish) 
@riversideboy i needed to take you in my pocket into the exam! 
science exam tomorrow :S i should probly study  oh and i have a maths exam aswell. I will do good at it! lol
Writing the exam from geography 
@rikahearts its winter here. yup! exam period. 
i have exams tomorrow 
Umm...the sun is hiding after a glorious week of sunny ray. What's happened to this &quot;summer&quot; weather. Exam in 1 and half hours-French 
@ChantiParnell Aww!  i wanna do that! Exam  2hrs of boredom! :O prefer to be doing nothing tbh! hahaa
studying for exams 
Going to bed now got school 2morrow and i have an exam. 
I would have to learn for the tomorrow exam but I have to work 
worst exam  -feeling very sad-            And my erasmus is going to finish
Preparing me for the exams  !!
one day of exams down five more to goo 
@LittleFletcher I just had my history exam! It sucked so bad .. and i never understood the first exam paper 
back from my Exam and I'm not sure about what I've done  I tried my best and I hope I 'll pass ...
exams tommorow 
is so scared 4 my exam 2mow 
This day is bad. I feel bad and I think I fail in exam 
Exam is done done done done  Where has the sun gone 
Going to take my chemistry placement exam 
@charlesmj 3 exams left for me 
have totally failed one of my chemistry exams 
listening to @mitchelmusso's new album  ..it's so amazing! *-* ! go and check it out. and studying for an annoying chemistry exam 
Meeeeeeee! @MymysMama....too bad I have 2 exams today  Jealoussss
tired of exams, tired of everything 
worried about science exam 
done with first exam... the next one is anatomy and i have to memorize those 
Awww man, i still have 2 oober hard exams to do 
no exams today  but got one tomorron  its english as well
Computing exam tomorrow  :S
not looking forward to tomorrows exams 
camomile tea to calm me down. enlgish revision in one hour  i hate exams
Studying for Exams 
That physical science exam was not fun 
ahh, 2 more exams done, total of 3, just 5 more to go  at least they went well this morning!
boredddd  and french exam was so hard :|
I'm being sad... I'm on exam break, and I can't seem to find any good fictionpress stories to read 
is doing bloody exams 
I hate exams 
studying my ass off for N6 exams! siiighh!! 
two exams down  8 more to go though  !
exams are over peace is here but now I'm bored 
What I was trying to sayy was - English Exam 2morro 
@Georgecraigono you're lucky you don't have any exams to 
is rather bored.. exams exams exams.. 
i'm so sleepy, but i need to revise for my exams.. 
takeing geometry exam shits weaak 
about to do a french exam .. 
woooot exam in 1:30 hrs wat fuuuuuuuuuuuuuun 
feels sick  and has to write a exam!!
i was so happy to have finshed my 2 hour exam, was really annoyed when i got told that was only half of the exam!!! i think i might cry 
Studying for my challenging behaviour nab and for my exam 
Science exam 
has a headache and is maddd irritated..off to my dentist appointment and then more studying for two exams and two quizzes 
has only just started revision  school exams start monday :|
i am sooo bored. i literally have nothing to do now that exams are over. how sad 
is bored. &amp; trying to revise for science exam but has given up allready 
has decided that i failed my german exam 
my unofficial semester one is retarded! but semester two is amazing   exam's in two weeks 
exam tomorrow 
art exam then studying for exams 
revising for exams 
i h8 exams 
now i Have to do that exam... he's (the italian teacher) so uncool... he hates me 
@Depond heyy! busyy..i have exams soon  how about you? what's up with you?
@FreezyPie I miss seeing your face in the hallways!  I hate this exam schedule.
Exams all next week  Computer lockdown.
@indiecupcake umm.. Exams or a bow drawing....... Hard to decide... Exams it is srry 
is studying for exams 
is studying for mid year exams!!! 
is studying for exams  blahh
studyin for exams    
E3 was alot better then last year, Now it's time for me to study  less gaming for now until I pass this math compass exam.
Studying for exams 
studying for exams 
exam in 3 hours...... 
schools out for the summerrr. exams 
looking fwd for vacations!! gt to finish exams first 
is totally not prepared for exams!! 
gotta study for my exams  2 more weeks and im freeeee!!
i'm up, and I have to focus on my math exam!  It's boring being me!
i am lurning french ! pffff..exams 
has got maths revision to do for exam on thursday 
@jesssicaraymond ahh darn it you still have  exams??  x
exam . exam . nd exam 
Exam was terrible.I will fail 
hey, just finished exams...need to find a book to read or learn for supps 
studing for my final exams 
2 more exams to go...  24/29 taken
 Exams.....help !
I am learing for my exams  I hope they're fast done!
is revising for the rest of the 6 exams i have - all science arggghh 
i am revising for my exams 
just put my ds away, and printed all the past year exam papers. bring on the exams 
Outside is so sunny, but I must learn for my exams 
exam fever 
studying for exams 
still has to learn like 100 pages for my exams 
Studying for exams  but sleepover tonight 
should be doing some histoy revision, for her exam on monday!! 
is doing maths  stupid module exams...
studying for exams 
@nikkatron i have an afternoon exam  which pub is it i might be able to
revision for exams..!!   soo saddddddddddddddddd
revising for my exams 
that sounds boastful, i didnt mean it to, i'll do worse in the actual exam 
@hye_jin i'm actually back at tcnj taking classes  omgsh you're in belize?! so lucky!! how long are you there for?? oo what are the NCLEX?
Should be revising but I really don't want to  exams over soon then drama drama drama!
studying hardcore.. exams next week 
Stduying for exams  seeeing @libbyglazer and @princessKENDALL laterrrr! Yayayaayyayy
the science exam will be the death of me 
i feel unbelievably crappy... i hate exams... i'm stressing myself out whilst still not working hard enough, it doesn't even make sense! 
exam week is coming  nervous.
has exams in a week. 
Errrrrr Exams suck, i'm trying to study but it's not working for me  maybe i'll stop and start again tomorrow ? :S
is studying for exams 
finished 6 episodes! How can i get up early to go to the examination on time today? really don't wannna participate in this exam 
Studying For Exams 
studying for exams with the flu is not fun  
@missyjch exams mean video shooting is not possible 
gahh final exams sooon! 
@AlcoholicCheese I wants it  I must control myself til after my exams
on the way to sby, preparing for my final exams 
ugh... exams! 
studying for final exams 
Exams soon 
@kberez My gre exam 
Outside examination centre getting bored..  #battleground
revising for upcoming exams. boohoo 
why  do exams exist why cant they just give us a take home exam that was so much better last year  write and essay and done no revision
@NancyCubbins I'm just so confused :/ I just can't bring myself to prepare for exams  and I have insomnia.
Preparing for exams 
waiting for the result of final exam ! 
Nothing is sticking to my brain as i study. I am going to fail my exams 
arggghhhh!!!! exams start on  tuesdayyyyy!!!!!   
gah....fuck exams and studying 
@xxloverxx To be honest, I can't watch it live... I write an exam tomorrow 
the hardest part of taking the board exams is waiting for the results. 
goodmoooooorning  exams are getting closer and closer 
I am passing my exam 
exams exams exams exams... 
has an exam tomorrow  http://plurk.com/p/z1idz
i have to revise physics today....ive been putting off and putting off but its too near to the exam now....  
little bit STRES cause of the last exam! i need holiday 
Revisingg for exams 
@juvelery I'm definitely willing! 'Cept I have an exam the next day 
someone save me.................please...........exam stress 
exams in 14 more hours. 
i have 110 multiple choice q's to go, then read my notes, watch videos and do a practice exam. and that's just studying for exam number 1 
@exams revising 
i really cba to do any revision :| i should cuz my exam is on tuesday but i cant bring myself to do any 
I can't do revision  I feel too shit and upset. I can't stand it, I have a fucking exam tomorrow
i'm so confused about my final exam.. i dont really understand.. 
Another day wasted with learning for my exam  Could use a break soon.
5 exams left!!!  that still means revision though 
needs to revise  last exam tomoorowww!
exams are killing me!!!!   
strugling with exams 
Exam week ove finallllyyyy now 2 findd out how badly i did  xxxx
is revising for my history exam tomorrow .. and the 3 other exams i have this week 
I hate exams !! 
4 exams left yeyeyeyeyey wainting for my mum to get up so i can go out 
@SomeKuwaitiya heeeey miss you  shloon al exams ?
is DETERMINED to try and do all my history revision today! Exam tomorrow and i feel like death 
@jamesheart24 I am great.. 'Revising' for my last exam  you done all of yours?
@xRawRxJonAsx- i misss you  nd omg only 3 more exams then im free!!!!!! LOL
Off to revise for tomorrow's horrible exam. 
studying...exams next week 
@TherealNihal i've got that exam, not feeling to bad about it. doing graphics revision for exam tommorow 
studying for the exams...very sad 
would like to see her boyufriend now and not have to go to her exam tomorrow 
Has already read 200 pages of new moon. It is just addicting. Exams next week 
I think I'm getting a cold  last week ofschool till exams.
Its cold here  last week before the massacre-exams 
@BeyonceWorld revising  exam 2mz!
exams next week! 
Studying,exam up ahead!.. 
I learn for my exam on wednesday....but I dont can english very well 
Revisig for french speaking exam 
Revising for french speaking exam 
studying for exams 
revising for my physics exam tomorro 
@ScruffyPanther  when's the last exam mdear? X
just wants to crawl under her bed and make a clone of me go to my exams 
Yay done the exam!! Now back to work 
i really don't want to go to school tomorow but i have an exam on wed 
has got a welsh exam 2mora 
Is so, so tired  And I have an exam tomorrow which I am not fully prepared for.
isnt looking forward to her colour exam tomorrow 
final exams tomorrow 
revising for exams 
studying for exams 
@DujourMag exams not finished yet... also, i don't have the password yet 
@IluvDay27 too true. i will, once all my exams are over! don't have any time right now! 
Exams begin 2morrow 
@MillieRose_ I actually hate you sometimes. I swear you just do like an hour of revision for each exam and yet you still do so well  grrr
I have my first exam 2moro 
annoying! week of final exams   waiting the finish!!
is just happy the dreaded exam is over 
@thecraigmorris I dont want to write an exam on this craigy, its horrible! 
Studying for Final Exam 
German exam tomorrow 
Spanish oral exams today 
exam time again 
exams tomorrow 
getting ready for final exams. 
@BhindMyHzlEyez awwwwwww boo.... I'm studying for my exam 
Does not want to be going to this exam 
Studying for exams. 
is soo not looking forward to the provincial math exam on wednesday. 
Exam today. 
@juliiettttx0 I would so do that.. but I can't since I need these grades since their regents exams mostly  Who's here?
i hate studying!!!!!!! exams suck! 
ughhhh. do NOT want to study  stupid eqao and exams
here come exams! 
exams now [what smiley is between  and :l ? ]
@gullahisland i have exam tomorrow too 
argh. I'm so worried about all those exams!!! 
not happy. I know I am going to fail this exam 
Exams are coming. 
English exam tomorrow  ahhh
back from the lake and getting ready for exams 
studying for exams .. again .. 
Exams exams and more exams 
@fluffled Exam period  also because on some days it is absolutely beyond freezing!!
I don't think my exam went well... 
1 exam down only 4 more to go 
english exam tomorrow 
Mental arithmatic in a bit  at least it's last exam...
learning, exams tomorrow 
exam block this week 
Doing the exam!!!! 
My exams are nearly at the end only 2 left both maths 
exam is tomorrow... i feel sooo unprepared 
i'm studying for my next exam, i'll have it in 3 mour hours and i know almost nothing 
ahhh i'm awake which mean i have my psychology exam soon 
is studying because I have an exam today  I think is good but I'm afraid !
studying for exams....again 
Exam results in... stupid maths 
I wanna cry  Exams are the worst invention ever. Whoever invented schooling in such a manner will be hated for all eternity.
preparing for recitals!!! and exams!! 
exam today. 
More exams, boo 
@NatVF you done with exams yet? i'm still stuck. physics tmr 
just finished exam... Or rather it finished me! 
Revising 4 final exams. ugh 
Studying for Exams 
I want my exam results  right back to java tutorials
chemistry revison well bored!! i hate it that most other people have finished their exams 
has her english exam today 
Freaking piano exam today  Cannot be bothered
is sick  and have exams
that exam couldnt have gone much worse 
dreading this C4 exam !! 
is sick  and I have exams
getting ready for school, math exam today 
@AnastasiaLoxley I am revising though...but not well..its hard I was outside revising but it got too hot...  How was ur exam? xx
leaving for college soon. i have a communication exam today 
dreading tomoros sociology exam 
@Fearnecotton can official say I'm the most jealous person right now, couldn't go due to exams 
I have an exam tmro and all I've been doing is nothing 
i decided to study very hard for next exam to be #1 in my class. haha. last exam, i was #2 
I got 4 pprs fr exam, and I absolutly can make it full A's 
at the university .. working on reports and exams: currently NO social life 
@BefiBeez Oooooooooooooooooo do we have any exams together? during this week? 
I think I failed todays exam 
im soooooooo fucked for my accounting exam not even funny 
studying for legal exam 
ahhhh exams 
exam today 
homework's killing me. if it weren't for grades and exemptions on exams, i wouldn't do this. 
dreading this psychology exam now 
@jfrd got a physics exam  jealous
About to go into exam.. 
exams coming up in a few days... really not looking forward to it 
just come back from college with past exam papers .. now for the revision 
I don't wanta do my exams, don't make me 
1 unsurprisingly difficult exam down, 3 more to go 
Oh my gosh .. Exams  Waiting to get in and get the first one over with, 5 left after, or is it 4 ? :S   imub &lt;3
Exam Weeeeek! 
I feel very very pessimistic about upcoming english exam 
a week full of assessments and exams 
is getting ready to go do my english exam 
studying for my exams  then going to danielles house
exam+math test 
having spanish exam this wedensday 
exam week 
Two weeks left.  Students exams are starting this morning, which means an overload on marking. 
Hopefully no more maths now! That exam was harsh 
where are my exam results?! 
i hate exams guys 
language exam done! 4 more to go! 
 i did not even know i had more exams next week
i want exams to be overrrrrr  haven't revised for exam tomorrow... agh.
Wish I could SLEEP, but I have to learn for my exam tomorrow. 
Working then exam later 
I should lern for my final exam on thursday... but I am to tired 
I do not want to take exams this week 
studying for exam tomorrow 
Studying for exams... ahhh. 
Exam number four today  god i hate science
1 exam down! 4 to go! 
today i had a zoology exam...and it was very hard 
@monicaeira me too! I hate having exams 
Revising for some exams! 
Really Nervous :s 2morrow my first exam 
Really, I'm curious with my national examination score. I'm afraid to face it, I'm not ready if I have the bad one. I really sucks for it 
studying, exams suck 
studying, exams suck 
reivising for media and stats exams 
Studying for english exam tomorrow 
@taylorgoto i never saw you at the exam!!  i will get them all at once when you have finnished
revising for exams  x
@raynataylor i know i know rayna im not stupid. bahh i failed the math exam  this is all jonny's fault.
not looking forward to exams 
Studying for my exams. It's hopeless 
So tired... French exam 
Studying for exams, damn. 
piano exam       ...fail
i totally failed my first exam 
Attempting to revise for my French exam tomorrow, but I'm failing miserably! 
I'm sooo nervous for my math exam tomorrow! 
3 hour Exam tomorrow. I'm Sh*tting bricks already 
@tommcfly sister said it was awsome   couldn't go. I had exams 
studyingg.. exams are just lovely.. 
studying for exams!! 
exams .  .  are not too  fun   
2 exams tommrrow  studying my brains out
studying for exams 
studying my ass off for exams 
studying for exams 
exam over. booooring. 14mins to bus and im coooold 
Taking an exam, and then a quiz...blah. 
I'd really love to be @ #railspubnite right now, but I just finished my driving lesson &amp; my Exam is tmr morn. + it takes 1hr to get there 
Studying For Exams 
I got exams soon. 
Finished school at one today. Exam week is cool (: Except for...exams 
bedddd shortly exam in the morn! 
i have exams tomorrow 
Maths C exam = death 
I do NOT want to take my math exam. 
@RayRetaliation should I study from the textbook or the workbook? I really hope this exam is easy because I can't study 
i cant believe im actually stressing over exams  math is so complicated, it makes me want to cry.
preparing for supplementary exams.. 
2 more exams! 
has grade nine exams 
+ I'm not really looking forward to this exam today 
@TheMegatronDon i wish i knew what hoof was  i think that was going on during my final exams so i couldnt be in the know
Exam at 6pm. it's my 2nd and my 2nd last. I think fail, can't study at all! 
4 exams left 
exam today 
Public transport sux! Mate is on ipod &amp; fone so i'm just having a tweet. Exam 2morro 
Exam is just ours away.    xox
Tired, And ive got an exam at 9 
is dizzy , bored , wondered ! although my examination have finished . but i'm affraid of my grade 
I can't get to sleep, might aswell get up and hope I don't ruin this exam :o 
@thejellybeankid U r right! . . even I am busy with my exams for last 1 month! 
got the results from the theoretical exams. only 83% i'm so disappointed 
getting ready for oral exams... I wish i were home, i miss my bed 
why am i still on this and not getting dressed for my exam 
has sociology exam but rain kept me up 
Is dreading this exam!!! 
This nightonly 4 hours....ufff I'm so tired...but...exams call me!! 
stresssing about my exam tommorrow 
Wants my bloudy exams to be over!! 
have like five exams next week 
I wish my exam was music and not drama 
i'll upload some (pretty awful) pictures later after getting ready for the exam 
is going to fail her english exam? great 
Last exam soon. Just finished my 4 pages of notes that I'm allowed  some lunch then I'll set off walking 
I don't know what to do because my exams are over ... and i feel as if i should be doing something ... 
Really don't want to do this sociology exam 
exam over. statistics done. forever. now, i really don't wanna go back to work.  
second exam today 
2 more days till exams  #squarespace
exam time 
2 exams down, 4 to go! 
@amca01 I couldn't RREF properly in the exam 
Listening to @taylorswift13 - you belong with me .. while i'm worrying about the exam 2morrow 
French exam today 
studying for exams 
Exam now 
@eemilymmay you are lucky!! I have a forensic exam first up so no sleep in for me 
Exam time 
yay last exam tomorrow... but its maths b 
awww math exam 
just do homework , i have a exam 
exam..exam.. 
hates studying for exams 
had an awful exam today!  .... most of the questions were out of syllabus!! #wtf #wbut
language exam today       only a few more daays !
1 exam down 3 to go ..... They now progressivly get harder 
Off to my 2nd exam 
Exam tomorrow. 
i cant do this homework  how am i going to do a whole exam?!
@daf_13  i am sorry to hear that but u know, it's so hot here n i am getting ready for the final exams     ,so, where do u live ? 
@daf_13  i am sorry to hear that but u know, it's so hot here n i am getting ready for the final exams too  ,so, where do u live ? 
holy crap streesing, social exam  ... and nervous H&amp;M interview. ekkkkk
2 exams today. 
should probably go to bed considering she has an exam at 8:30 tommrow morning 
Waterfight after exams! Might not go ! (N) 
ARCT exam in 2 hours. starting to freak out 
where are you stupid calculator!  .. off to an exam
i hate exams 
why is it always sooo nice during exam week?! 
it's way too hot for exams  let's look on the bright side, all the painfully long exams are over with!
drowning sorrows after bad exams 
Revising for chemistry exam 
My exam will be tomorrow. I am anxious. 
exams=killing the trees...sorry earth 
2 exams today i didn't even know about :S :O !!! stress 100%.  need some vacations. urgently please.
seriously bored  and i have exams tomorrow (N)
ugh, another science exam tomorrow 
studyinggg  cant wait for exams to be done
1 exam down 3 to go  advanced functions tomorrow! eep
My little sister is done with high school classes. Exams, then graduation. When did the little brat grow up? Getting sentimental 
@theDebbyRyan Congrats. I have a Chemsitry exam tommorow 
chemistry exam  wish me luck
Studying for exams actually not really  i hate STUDYINGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG 
4 exams tomorrow!!!  
is studying for exams, 
English exam tommorow. AHHHHHH 
exams, exams go away come again another day 
english exams tomorrow 
yeeah . mobile twiiter doesn't work  but all my exam are over
Exams .. 
i'm voting for @youmeatsix for best british band at kerrang awards, then probably going to bed. all this exam failure has made me sleepy 
Studying for exams is never fun but gotta do it 
watching jonas. i am SO sick of studying - i haven't even had any exams yet  goodluck to my @derrbub who is in his first exam right now!
@Felicitymm me neither  got my last chemistry exam at 9.15 so I really need to!
@msstewart Thanks for the support! Exams are graded! But not recorded....  That's the easy part, though. After I alphabetize them...
@oldfeathers Ughhh I'm jealous... I have four exams 
studying for exams.. 
@emmface I'm psyched about next semester already! But I still have exams for this one  Yay I hope you get into the place you want 
I hate exams 
going to bed . exam tomorrow 
Going to bed soon...exam tomorrow!! :S O.O 
Exam this morining 
exams starting tomorrow.... 
@valchaos whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa no i'm scared about the exams... dammm exams 
exam tomrrow 
Forever-last exam... Hakz... 
ughhh,  science exam tomorrow not very excited about it 
ahh, hating exams 
I Hate the exams 
English exam 
I hate exams  only three more to go!
; social exam tomorrow   shall be enjoyable
Stressin for my biology exam 
just did an e-exam online for english....82.7% on multiple choice wtf!!!  24/29. so not good enough. considering doing another one..
i'm doing my last exams today ...but i feel ill 
In a few hours I have my exam 
awaka again. exam in 1,5 hour. don't want to 
up and off to get ready for college now  Exam today  wish me luck!
i dont want my chemistry exam 
god, I feel sick  I'm so nervous about the exams...
@MrPoofyPJPants  maths has been sucking. annnnnd we gots an exam tomorrow.
exam time 
Last minute revision, then off to do an exam at 2pm, can't wait for it to be over 
has a math exam tomorrow which i am totally not prepared for 
Huuuuuungry. And dnw exams in 3 hours 
I'm stresing do hard about exam tomorrow, scared I'm going to fail 
in food, doing coursework  just had chemistry exam, i think i got a z :s
i am tired !  i hate exams !
I'm not one to skip an exam, regardless of how i think about the subject or my probable performance. 
biologyyyyy exam in a few hours! 
Exam this afternoon, not even slightly confident  But i will try my best 
SO bummed! math exam didn't go well at al 
SO bummed! math exam didn't go well at all 
I hope i pass for my final exams! 
@littlemrstom omg i knowww  you finished all your exams now?
boorreeddd... in the middle of exams 
DEATH to exams. 
pre-exam stress, not good 
@suplexii awh  well good luck on your exam, i'm sure if you pass it your teacher will bump your mark
didn't like that exam... 
@allieloves it was a hard chem exam  but hey ho!
Morning...exam today: 
taking my english exam at 8, then chemistry at 12 
Bad day with a biology exam. I wish I had @gawtie brains 
getting ready to do my exams 
studying for exams... NOT fun 
in bruggerss.... bored! not taking an exam till 12...  hope i dont failll!
Exam preparation !  #fb
One exam today..2 more to go!!   at least i am prepared!!!
@MISH_K_M exams 
@soomi90 noo  that was hw, exam i had in morning. eeeeeee
I can barely hold myself up on my legs, but I guess I have to go and write my exam 
relaxing and sleepy......legal studies and italian exams tomorrow 
Shit i have to do this exam  i won't do this !!!
the chem exam was ok, BUT one exam left 
waiting for my exam results 
exams would have been over by now.... 
got back from exam a little while ago... didn't go very well  might have to resit it in august, so not too happy about that   
Preparing for the exam 
for such a happy day (exams being over) I feel pretty crappy, the exams have taken it out of me 
ohw, i hate exams  -.-'
drama exam soon ugh...really hope i don't fail..... 
Not very happy with my exam results..  But I probably should be considering my effort this spring,,
Lacking creative juices for english exam 
i dont think im going to do well in my electronics exam 
Finished the english exam. Now I have chem 
preparing exam 
studying for math exam for awhile 
I have an exam now. Only problem is, I haven't started studying yet. 
connected again!! 17th may. .exams ended. .4 months since we talked. .r u seeing esther again??  
haven't study yet for my next week exam......duuhh so much thing to do 
Studying for English exam 
i hate exams  -_-
writing english exam in 2 hours... 
@NakedNoise : yep, I'm studying... this exam causes me stress   4 days... then 2 weeks .... 
studying for anthropology exam 
is ill...  but still has to learn for a geography exam...
second exam to fail tomorrow  urghh, will all be done on mondayyy.
tired, not stoked for my science exam tomorrow 
@nourez but i need at least a B on the exam to get a B- for the year 
big exam on friday 
Final exam week. 
still studying for that stupid exam 
@ddlovato i wish i was going! can you please come to toronto on your tour! i wish i could see you at the premier but i have a chem exam! 
Seriously I wanted to cry during the exam..... 
first exam tomorrow 
scared of the exams 
doesn't want to sit the exam tomorrow 
I don't want to do this exam! 
exams r gay. 
studying for geography exam! 
hates studying for exams.... 
is studying for his exams 
flunked one of my MSCE test's today. I am so bummed.  I will have to figure out what the &quot;H&quot; went wrong there.  
Studing for math exam tomorrow... not fun 
studying for exams .. 
studying for exams 
studying for exams 
studying for Psys final exam 
i hope i didnt do bad on my exams! 
sooo tired. studying again, then off to bed, math exam in the morning. 
@selenagomez good luck at the premiere! I would be there but I have exams 
@ddlovato good luck at the premiere! I would be there but sadly, I have exams! 
I have to return my students' first exam tomorrow.  They need to work on their study skills.
Exam at 2pm 
@michaelseater i actually really wanted to go. i hate exams      hopefully some other time.
uuughh math exam 
@patkSTEREOS i was supposed to go to that show but i have my exam that day. it fuckin sucks! i wanted to skip my exam to come, but i cant 
@koinovic I told you many times how to do well on exams, you didn't take my advice 
Still learning for my pathology examination!! That sucks 
There seems to be so much work to do!  exams!
Is dreading my math provincal  why do we have to do these stupid exams, are assignments not enough!?
2 exams left [ 10 days and my vacation will start  ]. I'm tired of exams , god help me !!!
@yahebabiii You've got your exam results already? I haven't even finished the exams 
morning.. Exam soon 
@amandadoan the same, exams have been keeping me busy 
i hate this bloofy exams thing 
Morninggg exam today uhohhhh 
Exam day 
Waiting for final exam. So nervous! 
English exam 
aaarrrgghhh exams!! 
got to write all my drama notes for the exam 
@xorwhy i think both are true. but still! i miss rambling too   will probs get back 2 it after exams... u wouldn't b able 2 stop me then!
off to face my exam now 
only english exam today so i'll be back around 10. probably sleeping then? then when i wake up...studying for my friday exams. 
6:50 a.m. ugh. off to do math and gym exams!  prayers!
I am so fucked for my exam 
Exam this morning!  last one!, then the summer begins!!!!
piano exam soon aghhh 
Regents exams today 
my third exam sucked terribly, now i have two days for my next exam  learning but i have headache, can't concentrate 
ugh these final exams are kicking my asssss! blahhhh 
math exam is about to begin! 
i miss you      hair and makeup, and then headed for exam
Exam today 
@Nokkla how do you survive that many exams? I only have 3 and I think that is stressfull 
back to boston for exams 
Fff use end of that exam I screwed up so hard 
tomorrow exam  not confident enough 
exams... 
has an exam tmw should be sleeping but nooooooo 
@ exam 
@Wardere ugh, ur so lucky, i have 3 more exams left 
revising for my science exam tomorrow 
@jennyjonasxx nooo just last day of exams 
sad cause i didnt pass my exam 
screwed up my final exams.. feel so good 
@joelheitmar i suppose it will be, in time  how was your exam?
working on some exam study guides... 2 more finals tomorrow 
ihave a science exam tomoz and need to revise  lol
1 exam down 2 to go 
2 exams done and 3 more to go.  then I'm off to camp!
I made a stupid mistake on my exam and got an 85 
bio exam done! next up: global. 
science exam tomorrow 
Uchhh Exams  GCSE Sciences, i've got physics tomorrow  this sucks 
yay!!! no more classes!!! just exams now  i hate those.....
still has 2 more exams.. 
hates school, revision + exams!!!!!!!!!! 
@vanessac2 which? i have french on monday  how u do on the english exam ? :pppppppp
i hate exams... why do they have to be so stressfull 
Studying 4 her math exam 2morrow!! 
1 Exam down, 3 to go 
tomorrow mathematics exam 
revising 4 exams  me not likey but im sure it will b worth it in the long run
Me happy assignment has be posted now I can chill for a couple of day before I start revising for my exam 
I HATE Exams 
Exam is in an hour: I'll have hours to complete it!  I'm scared
At home studying for biology exam and english exam ughh i cannot wait until this torture ends 
studing for exams tomorrows french 
revisiing for tomorrows french exam 
Working then studying for bio exam 
have to study for my maths a exam 
@tdimaggio passed the enterprise exam, haven't received results on the design exam yet  &quot;Only two more weeks&quot;  LOL
exam 2moro, bummmer 
ah ah ah ah scared for last two exams D= and i reallyyyyyy want to go to warped tour  also nevershoutnever on jul 15  &lt;3
i don't wanna c my exam marks...but i am afraid i have to haha 
@ImaginaryDuck save me minh  i seriously dreading this exams so much. i knew i should have gone for classes
sleeping now, exam in the am.. 
omggg, exams 
studying for my exam tomorrow 
Studying for exams 
math exam tommorow   
back from exam, pretty positive i failed!!!!!!! 
crossing my fingers that i pass my global exam 
bed then school to hopefully get a 90+ on my italian exam and outright fail my chemistry exam 
one more exam  and I'm going to fail it
I think I did bad in my exam  so sad
Not ready for my last exam 
ughhhh exams 
I have to score well !!! tomorrow is the Exam day 
#inaperfectworld final exams wouldn't exist and i would be sleeping very confy right now! 
just finished todays exams  really annoyi9ng 4.5hrs of exams 
@robertsammons stressed about exam at 9 
I am w8ing for exam from marh 
Last Exam today !!! Exciting stuff but i need to do it first  and after ? I don't really wanna know what's gonna happen after 
Scuene exam today 
preparing for an Exam next week  ..
There is three days left before exams 
has a welsh exam later 
@julezykins morning! you finished your media exam yet? 
tomorrow law exam...   I hate studying.
@maxreemer very jealous...i've just had an exam  would definately rather have had a lie in! x
very sick  n i have my final math exam tommorrowww
I'm nearing a nervous breakdown. I have exam in 2 hours and I can't sleep, when I try I have nightmares 
still procrastinating... can't make myself take this exam seriously, even though it's 40% of my grade! 3.5 hours left to hit the books 
getttin'reaadii, and then schoool.. for my vocaal exam. 
needs to study for my her IELTS exam.. kakapoy!!!  http://plurk.com/p/125ibc
Last exam  but theres two essays 
@StephenPMorris I don't like nutrition exams 
science exam today! 100 scantron questions 
parenting exam at nine 
Writing an english exam 
Exam today 
math exam today  i need this credit
Just got back from the cocial exam. it was hard  but i'm still guaranteed to pass 
just got back from the social exam  it was hrad   but i'm still guarenteed to pass! 
Bollocks. Failed 1 exam but passed 2. Expected that but still a little disappointed. 
y do we have to write so many exams...   ...
Just finished my math exam it was sooooooooooooooo easy but it was also really long 
@everworld2662 Judging by your page i would say the exam did not go great 
is going to take an exam 
two exams are done with  two to go 
one 3hr exam to go 
drama exam was awful  (n)
not looking forward to next weeks exams and i know i faled today on the maths     :/
exams exams exams... 
on a lighter note! No more exams woopeee although I think I failed them all 
watching the hills and trying to seriously revise for exams 
@easyotis I'll be in the middle of final exams 
urgh. exams on monday 
Studying for science exam... As usual. 
exam in two hours 
I have an exam tonight...I'm not ready 
I think I have failed the calculus practice... One more exam to go then 
I'm off to bed, more to study tomorrow.. again  only 4 days to go 'till the exams, now it's shiver and shake!
#dontyouhate exams? 
back the exam was horrible most voring thing ever.  i want lunch now.
pissed off. hate exam block 
The final exam is coming!!!! 
Now I'm preparing my final exam 
has exams for another 5 days 
back. i can't believe we already have an exam tomorrow. classes haven't even started officially yet 
revsion revision  not looking forward to these exams
dance exam....went mega badly, i think i've failed 
STILL sick. Exam tuesday! 
studying for exams 
I hav my Exam tomm...  n going Panvel  to write the xam. But, not even studied a single chapter also  
learning for my exam week 
going to copy the booklet for exam!! I really hate exams 
two more exams to go... Now the most difficult one... 
studying for exams 
exams comin up 
studying for anthro exam  soon it will all be over 
Preparing for an exam ... 3.5 hours to go 
@jms_ my first exam was on a sat too, so i got two out of four being bad exams 
i got my exam  revising
I was very confident about this exam 'cause I knew the subjects - but the teacher changed them  I passed but I am still irritated about it
losing it over my exam on monday.  I thought studying for it would be much easier!
Its 12.. Exam is day after 2mrw, i'm feelin damn bored. I just want to lie down but i know i wont get up. 
i think i failed my science exam 
failed science exam 
Studying for math exam 
@noreendoreen  i have it monday to yuck why do exams exist
My exams begin monday... 
@lolyle You still have exams!? 
Studying for exams 
got exam 2mrrw and thursday also 
I'm bored...  And I don't want to do my exam tomorrow!
exams.... WHYYYY!?!?? 
Exams soon....so don't want to study 
I have an exam tomorrow for my least favourite subject and I cant even bring myself to study 
pretty sure I'm going to be the least prepared person for metabolism exam 
@C_DAWWGG do you think I will fail the exam tomorrow if I don't study? I can't stay focused for long enough to even start looking 
@musicjelly i hate you..  i am still doing my practice exam atm O+o
Finally reading the chapters for my exam tomorrow - 1 down 9 to go. 
Trying to read for the exams!! 
exams tomorrow 
@demodanger19 cool i wrote amazing one b4 the exams but my teacher took it from me when she saw me writing it 
i really want to pack up my house, and is nervous about my exam results 
French exam tomorrow, that sucks 
studying chinese for the final exam 
studying for my final exam tomorrow 
today i have to learn....    stupid exams!!
exams never seem to leave me 
* Exam tomorrow guys 
revising for science exam 
I hate the exams!!! 
@DistillingWater This is tempting. Sadly I haz studyings to do. Exams tommorrow and tuesday 
One more exam to go! ...geography. 
Exam tomorrow 
boreed from revision science  got the exam tomorrow (
So tired after a whole day of revising. I can tell that I am going to fail this exam just because I really want to pass it 
has done 2 hours of maths revision. Dreading the exam tomoro 
@iloveyoux3_ exam 
nervous - another exam tomorrow 
exams tomorrow  studyyinggg!!!! lame math and spanish
exams !  fml
....exam pressure... 
Exams are NOT good 
Not doin to well on these math practice exams 
Dmv physical exam for shuttle job 
why am i the only one who has to take this stupid exam tomorrow   Not feeling it at all 
Studying for an exam. Tooooo much to go over 
Going to bed.  I have to get up early tomorrow for math exam 
going to bed and not going to make up my biology exam because i can barley walk :/ 
studying for finance exam!! 
I Hate Exams ... 
almost done exams .. one more to go ... 
@caituhhthedino i wish  i have another exam today D;
is starting to panic for final exams....25th is closeeeee 
I should be happier really, seeing as I have no more exams...but I'm not 
is nervous for NCLEX tomorrow 
business is the last exam!!!!! but tooo much courseworkkk... especially graphics 
 i just received my G8 viola exam.. and its... well... .. disappointing.. :\..
Thanks for waking me up binladen. I bombed in my exam 
omg i just had the most difficult exam ever...i hope i don't fail 
OH bad !!!!   I'm on exams  I hate the exam season 
I wish I was drinking right now.....instead of studying for an exam 
finished last exam today! no more sdss 
my math exam didn't went that well 
I'm so hurt right now I fail one of my Exams!!  I just want go under the covers and cry my eyes out. I fucking failed omg
Too tired to take a 4 hr exam 
Off to do my employment exam 
@binarygoddess I actually am already back; it was for an exam I missed... so much driving in one day  I'm exhausted.
@bowwow614 nd me i will go to the bed  tomorrow exam T-T
english and spanish exams today 
I want my exams to be over and done with already 
@rebekah_04 I'm not allowed to watch it till the exams are over 
doesn't enjoy papers or exams. 
took the exam just then. 3hrs. failed. 600/1000 
one more exam today 
one more exam today 
@forcystus arrrgh, at least you got into stats.  i failed diagnostic exam so i lost my spot. ;_;
feeling down - exams didn't go well yesterday 
i dont like waiting! but now im waiting to complate my english exam.. it's bored 
unfair ! no more 10th board exams? why cudn't such reforms come 5 years ago? 
Waiting to be called in for the exam 
Just got my results from my exams   I feel sad!
Filling up my UPCAT form. :/  had a lot of mistakes, I have to reprint. 
has exams today 
has absolute zero drive to review for the board exam.  http://plurk.com/p/13uier
eating pancakes then off to go to school. I'm scared about my scores of the State Exams 
I'm not ready for this exam 
i want to skate on fri but there's an exam 
i want to skate on sat but there's an exam 
making scary ivideos with @ashlass &gt; studying for exams  Not looking forward to this one.
please no exams 
Not so good on my Exams, ill be here next semester  *Jixisticks*
english exam tomorrow 
@simplystardust yay you've got a fox too!Emily was supposed to be doing some cookery with MrsPB but she's got rubbish exams to do first 
@dj_bubble ur welcome  ...yes I have 'Accounting' Exam today
suprised that I'm already studying for my next exam....less procrastination 
financial accounting exam sucked. can't wait for tonight 
can't wait for the exams, 
@PotterMoosh I might do yet, depends what I get in the actual exam  - but even then, I'll probably take sociology - gone off I.S now
@IloveTIP wow! that sounds really interesting  exams?
Exam at 830....One more left!! thanks god!! summer is almost here!! 
yippieeeee exams over  mohnishgs
Just today's exam and I shall declare my exams as 'over' 
yeyz!! just saw the results of the 1st phase of the entrance exam....i passed!!.... 
exams DONE!!! 
@a_mag and then you have exams? We don't have exams this trimester  yay  hows the movie going?
1 more exam!  =]
@elfreakz i'm recovering from headache too. it's exam week. i have to be in the best condition 
looking forward to tommorow  apart from my musix exam, 17 again withhh bretttttttttt
Exams are over, finally!!! 
@emxxxily HAHHAHHAHA, i saw the update of the exam one. i actually laughed out loud 
twit twit.. reviewin' for my exams.. 
Exam weather 
@BigOrangeDem: ??? ? ????????? It's kind of like an eye exam. If you can't read that immediately, then you're not turning Japanese. 
   I have passed 70-542 exam today   
Finally I am free!!! the bimonthly stressful exams are over and I can sleep without anyone bothering me!!!! 
Passes all my exams  And I don't have to redo an exam! Jeej!
@RevRunWisdom passing both of my prelim exams 
Exams done...Summers here 
@asutrane w00t! I have one more exam! 
  I owned that exam.  It was my bitch.  And now, we drink.
nooooo extension maths tomorow... at least exams are over after that 
exam leave eventuallllly. 
@missbalticrabs I &lt;3 Exams! I think you should embrace them while you still can 
in about 14 hours I should finish my last seminary exam!!!! study time until then 
Exam week!!!! wish me luck... 
I'm so glad I only have an oral exam tomorrow 
is bed.... feeling really good about my exam tomorrow 
last exam of the semester in 7 hours! yessss 
about to start studyin for his last exam  all nighter probaly :-/
done with the exams. oh my. such a nerve-wracking experience! passed it, though. 
trying to learn for my oral exam, but I'm too distracted 
just finished the exam. I did ok, I guess. 
exams. thennn some sexy time. 
exam at 8. 
well, having looked at my bruv's exam timetable and french oral exam I feel very fortunate  now to, erm, digest my morning revision...
Studying for my exams....boring 
first compree over .. completed the exam in 2 hrs instead of the alloted 3 
going to take my sociology exam   and back to bed
freestyle exam  x
Sitting on my sunny balcony and learning for the Dutch exam 
I found the negatives I lost!  can't wait for my photography exam now.
Managed to get through 3 exams in 3 days. Just one more to go 
@gnarrly yeah! infinite exam period with no exams. And lots of money. and a jumping castle 
@maysree yayyy!! my exams get over in june! we should totally put one gumbal meetings 
@hillary2936 you'll crush that exam. No worries love 
@madisonjay wooo  don't worry, you'll do fine on the exams :]]]
im threee days away from finishing my HKCEE  i wanna be a ghs alumni. not a ghs student. gotta starting working after lunch 
YAY! exams finally over! 
@smilinggal Your wishes seems to have worked pretty well...One of my exams got cancelled due to an error in the paper... 
On my way to my dreaded exam  lol
@wossy about to sit a japanese speaking exam, wish me luck! 
says Exams finally ended.   But ain't gonna unfreeze karma yet. :/ http://plurk.com/p/tr1dm
@MichaelBerg17 hhhmmmm... still trying to figure it all out, not so wonderful right now  how exams?!?!?!
last math exam! 
@StJeanie rather worried for an exam tomorrow! you? #crumpet 
1 more exam to go!!! 
@callmerizza i really really hope the drug thrpy exam was not as bad as you thought it to be 
exams are going to end sooon 
I think i did good in my  exam 
dancing exam!  pray for me ;L
still 13 days left *____* and only 2 exams left  // learning for my last history exam ^^
@Nebaby I'm in the middle of my exams ...I always ask about u....anyway How u been hun?? 
i found out i got 93 on my simulation hs entrance exam! 10 more and i'll be able to go to prepa2 
has finished her exams!!!  What to do, what to do! 
back from math exam 
@juicystar007 hey darling i know ur busy with exams and all but i was wondering about when u the hoe down and that tutrial were going up? 
exam! wish me luck 
Off to my exam now. Wish me luck! 
Loving my exam results so far! 
@zulfikars goodluck for your exam.. 
Off to exams - today: oral English. I'm quite optimistic. 
is on exam leave laughing at all who do business studies doing their exam 
@ronleal0 gratz  for passing the UPCAT!
In uni about to carry on with some revision  and also thinking exams should be banned!!!!
@Syazoo hehe i miss u too! goodluck for your exams 
At Uni waiting for eating company. Exam done. I actually didn't even read... So no passing that exam... 
@LittleFletcher i have the exam too!! i've never known how to do simultaneous equations?!?! soo scared about this exam! good luck though! 
also english survived     now only oral exam...
I only need 28 marks over 2 exams to get a C in maths. Sounds reasonable 
we were to come round again  life is good for me! but now im in exams period so must learn and sometimes have to go to uni
is back from her History exam and she has done it well  *proud*
is preparing for his exam...by chillaxing and MSNing 
Drama Exam at 1... hope I get a good question... wish me luck! 
i'm studying for my coming final examinations for my summer classes... 
@charleymarley its the best feeling  one crappy exam and we are freeeee!
@shaunmichaelb wow that's good...I'm finished school now .. I don't have to go back until september except for when I have an exam 
just finished my second exam only one more to go 
i failed my math exam  now i'm going shopping ~
Exam = complete. now only 3 left and i've two weeks off! Smile with me baby 
@AmyWalton91 howd the exam go then ?  x
exam shutdown 
Last exam down. 
studying for exams 
studystudystudy - last exam tomorrow then FREEDOMMM! 
Last exam tomoz 
freaky fetish medical examinations, here  i cum 
Passed my driving theory exam 
Just finished my micro exam and I think I just aced it!! 
@MariahCarey just waking up  I have final exams this week. Not excited to take them but excited to be done!
done with anatomy exam! I'm free! 
Finished Exams for 09. Yay 
studying for final exam 
has just failed her exam but doesn't care as there are plenty more to do well in 
@calvinharris please never stop doing your updates, they make me laugh so much. plus they liven me up after my blooody exams. lifesaver! 
I just finish my exam 
ah yay thankgod it's over!! i wanna jump up and down!   only 2 more assignments and 2 exams to go!
beautiful morning to end your exams 
leaving for french exam soon 
says my exams are about to end finally i was so sick of them  just one exam left thank god.
omg! done with math exam! 
3 exams to go! 
Last day of lessons! Then it is just revision until the exams 
exams yesterday. was okayyy 
last exam today  yay!!
is planning on failing her science exam. well i'm sorry it's too hard to concentrate 
all my exams are done.  i totally nailed that add maths one. i hope..
ALLELUIA! finished my exams!! up to the union to celebrate 
and away i go to do my exam 
no more exams. yay. im celebrating with a pizza. 
one exam left! 
Two more exams to go, one of which to pass the other to fail!!  lol
only one exam left 
Two more exams to go, one of which to pass the other to fail!!  lol http://bit.ly/142GnD
@xcaix yay have fun  let the stress of exams slip away.
Haha parked next to holli.  going to take my spanish 2 exam!
getting ready for exam. Trying to wake up 
Exams...DONE 
A week without exams, yessssss 
@jayraguirre tell you all about it after my exam. i miss you and tinapie. how are you guys? do i hear wedding bells soon?? 
Finally it's over   final exam's over!!!
exams are all over 
i have got my athletic exam at 8.30 a.m. 
no more exams and assignments  for now.
for real going to start studying for exams now, goodnighttt 
I think I went well in my 2 exams today  yay!
thank god its the weekend... algebra exam was easy 
@homelesscat aww, my last exam is on monday 
